The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. QUERY. one who stands L unsullied With name high In Zion'e land, Thank odt hia God and ours, the season Of his youth was passed while this our Mountain home was free from all the dire Temptations, the fruits of evil that beset I beard a Prophet, Our youth to-da- - - y Then unto me there came thte Thought Why must we bear this curse ? Have not the fathers and the mothers , Borne their parts with faithfulness, Hare they not magnified the truth before High heaven and led their children In the path of life? Are not these children heirs of righteousness, Is it not these that were reserved for This set time, this great last day 'When mighty men and women too Should stand upon the Earth, Should bravely, nobly stand for God and right ? Then wherefore should they fall, Where is the Fortress weak that the Arch Enemy has thus crept In and set his fets and laid his snares here In The very .heart of Zion? , nrs the fault, may we not plead, With God In faith and power, to Break the chains and set the captives free; To lift this heavy cloud from off oir land, To help her sons and daughter rise with One united voice .and bid the tempter flee ? That while the world unites to lay Christ's Elngdo ii low, to scatter desolation wild And ruin in our peaceful vales and Mountain homes, that Zion may arise , And shine, the pure in heart the brave And true, and there be found ho enemy Within her gates. Then might the Great King come and Claim Ills own, then might his Banner wave, and Babel know without A doubt, with whom it is they cross The sword, nd try their strength; r And learn at last that Christ is King and Lord of all. Hope. - , EPISTOLARY EXTRACTS. BY HANNAH T. KING. Your last letter was very suggestive to me, and eet my mind upon a retrospective train; and now I am going to give you the sum and substance of my meditations, which I assure you were agreeable arid edifying to me; for they took me back to phases of my life that the sunshine of memory still lingers over, tor I realize in those epochs I received an impetus that propelled me on to exaltation of mind and character. Have you not realized in your past life, how beneficial the association of some whom you met in the path of life had been to yiu? ' Did you not feel, when in their company, that you seemed to spring to a higher grade of intelligence? That the influence they threw around you was like that we experience in the first vernal days of the year? Every faculty in you seemed fertilized, as though you were receiving a newness of life! that your own mind produced qualities you had not dreamed were there! your perceptions became quickened, your comprehension clearer? These associates became to you like Mentor to .Talemacnus! I feel that a mind like yours, that has ever been,;' open to the pure ' and the' beautiful, must be humble . No. 20. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1882. 10. and teachable; and must have experienced this delightful spiritual intercourse, at least once Jn your lifetime; and :f you trace back that association, you will perhaps be astonished to find how your mind has been colored and your character moulded, by that intercourse! It much and might be, probably was, aj.woman older than yourself one who had passed through a hard school of experience, in that finest of all schools, the world; who had seetij in it much that was beautiful had even seen in it the footprints of Deity but 1 ad also seen much that was chilling to the soul, and freezing up of the affections. Yet there was that strength and healthiness in her composition that defied disease, or even contamination; she came from the furnace refined, purified and strengthened." Such a woman is "an angel in the way;" she has the faculty to develop the characters she comes in contact with in the journey of life, bringing out the latent talents which even the possessor was not aware of! Such an associate enlarges the heart, broadens the brain, dispels narrow prejudices, expands the, sympathies, destroys false knowledge, teaches us not to waste and fritter away our precious life and the time allotted us in trifles, m this wondrous age of change and progress! To such a friend we owe a debt which nothing but gratitude and appreciation can repay, and carrying out in our lives the lessons they so faithfully, and lovingly exhibited for u to learn to practice. I would affectionately call upon my young sifters to reflect for a few moments on the few hints I have just given; they arc pictures drawn from my own life! no fiction or imagination in them, but evangel truth. Let them be as one of the silent voices by which we are surrounded, to whisper to them to be careful with whom they associate; for a real, true friend, one from whom practical instruction can be derived, I would say, choose one who has had a practical experience one who has walked the road of life with her eyes open, and every faculty cultivated and awake. In sucho an one there is a set of beautiful, complex machinery, ready for action, whether for the useful or the ornamental, whether for the intellectual or the physical, whether in "the house ofastiug or the house of mourning," in all she will be equally ready and equally "at home." NOTES AND NEWS. The Ladies' University at St- - Petersburg has a physical laboratory with 130 students chemical laboratory jsvith 60 students, and a phys iological laboratory with 100 students. History of Woman Suffrage in Massachusetts" by Mrs. H. H. Robinson has this peculiar and significant motto to the title, " Woman1 8 hour has struck.11 A bill has passed the. Kentuckey senate giving married women the right to own real and personal property in the same manner that the hugband can, property belonging to him. The Speaker presented the Memorial from the Utah Legislative Assembely asking Con gress to suspend action upon Utah affairs until a committee of investigation learns the fact and lays a tangible foundation for rational proceed... , "', ings. Referred. y .. , ; women of Massachusetts are making special effort to secure municipal suffrago this The winter. ,,- - The first prize for cocoons at the Philadel- lair was awarded to the mother of the Ehia silk Bayard Taylor. ELIZABETH ANN WHITNEY. It is pleasant to reflect upon the many sweet as- sociations we have had with those who have been faithful servants and handmaidens in the Latterwork. The subject of this brief sketch -day was one of the most truly refined of women. In spiritual cultivation she ranked among the highest, and her grace of manner, courtesy and kindness won all hearts. She possessed that genuine simplicity which is ever childlike and which invariably reminded one of the Savior's words, "Except ye be as this little one, ye can in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven." Elizabeth Ann Smith was the daughter, of Gibson and Polly Bradley Smith, , and was born the day after Christmas Dec 26, 1800 at Derby, New? Haven Co. Conn.; When young she received what in those primitive times, was considered a'superior education; for in addition to the common branches taught in the yillage schools, she learned the art of dancing, under the best masters. Her early home-lif- e was mnf. hannv nnrf RhAcrrpw nn in nn, tmrwirhrA j employments, and in spinning flax and fine ornamental needle work,these things in those days . were considered essential branches of woman's-education,- . . -- . ; Vhen about 18 yeara of age she went with a maiden auut, Sarah 3mith (spinster) to .Ohio on a visit, but itso happened thatshe-nevereturned to Ceroid home again, nor did! she ever afterwards see her beloved mother-Sh- e married Oct. 26,1822 Newel K, Whitney a young man from Vermont, who had established himself in mercantile business in thfr West, and after their marriage they settled permanently in Kirtland, Ohio. Subsequently Bro. Whitney and wife became devoted members of the Campbellite Church. In 1830, Parley P. Pratt visited! Kirtland and preached the .bveriasting uospel, and among the nrst to receive his testimony, were, Brother And Sister Whitney, who were baptized in November 1830. At that time Sister Whitney had. three children living and twq had died. The following Spring when Joseph the Prophet and his wife Emma went to Kirtland it was at:, the house of Newel K. Whitney they were gladly received and hospitably welcomed. "Many of' the revelations given in that early day, Joseph recieved in one of iheir upper rooms. The gift of song which Sister Whitney possessed in such a rare degree was often a comfort to the Prophet in those days of trial and gloom. He would sit as it were spell bound and . listen to the rich melody of her magnificent voice for the time so absorbed, as to' forget his sorrows. Very early in the Church she receieved the pift of tongues which manifested itself to her m songs of praise and rejoicing. She possessed a reverential, prophetic and poetic tern permeet,. and the spirit of the Gospel strengthened in :her all these exalted attributes. The language : &he fcang was the pure Adamic and Josepn promised her if she used the gift in wisdom he- r ( ; . -- . 