Wflilf W UMAl! 0 'Q A -- V-Y 5h W V AT T P fl J Uli AI lUi 0 The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rigjits'of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUAllY 1, 1882. 10. of rich and soft plumage overshadowing me, THEPOET'S PRAYER. God of my Fathered Friend of human kind and ! ! Almighty moulder of creative mind That eltt'st enthroned aloft from mortal ken, ! Showering Thy mercies on the sons of men Thou who of old unloosed the prophet's tongue, While Daniel prophesied, while David sung, That saith to all oh simple, pleasing task ! "If any lack for wisdom, let him ask;" If prayer liko mino find favor in thy sight, If I have loved, and longed for wisdom's light, And Thou, to whom no creature crieth vain, nath deemed my soul deserving caro or pain ; To thee, my Father, hands and voicei I lift, And crave of thee, Almighty God, a gift. Not worldly wealth, though wealth of worlds bo Thine, Nor glided rank, 'mong human worms to shine, For wealth might fail, and rank might purchased be, But not the guerdon I would win from Thee. Be Thou my Muse! None other would I know-Ete- rnal Fount of all inspiring flow! Whose voice it was bade Seer of Patmos 44 Write " Such things as never mortal dared Indite, Or grander than old Ocean's glorious swell, Rolled through Isaiah's themes on Israel ; On whose high altar flames the sacred fire, Whose vivid rays inventive dreams inspire, Unhonored oft, yet evermore the same, Omnific Light" that lumines earth with fame. On bended knee before that altar now, In Jceus mighty name I meekly bow, Great God, give ear ! Judge Thou my heart's intent, For I am weak, but Thou Omnipotent. Whilst o'er my task, jn feeblo frame I bend, Be Thou my Gnide, my Counselor, my Frieiuf ; Teach me true gold to separate from dross. Accounting gain what many scorn as loss. Thou who endow'd'st mc with receptive soul, O'er all its ppw'rs possess mo of control, From off this brain remove each hampering coil, Or image vain that lingers but to soil ; Let heavenly Thought descend as Hermon's dews, With loltier themes my vision to infuse, My fainting soul, with fresh aspiring fill, Its every wish submissive to thy will, Its main desire to magnify thy laws, Its crowning aim thy Kingdom and thy Cause; mi - Roll on my days responsive to thy rule, This tongue thine oracle, this pen thy tool Designed to B&ar, or doomed to lowly plod Amanuensis of the mind of God. O. F. WniTKET. London, January, 1882. THE CITY OF THE SAI&T3. BY IIAJTNA.II T. KLXG, CONTINUED. Month3 have intervened since I wrote my first section of the article under this heading; r -- besides during that time I have written-littlin a letI private correspondence. explained ter in the Exponent, which my friends will e remember; and! how I must! request my readers to refer back to the commencement of the arti- cle, that they may gather up the dropt threads of the subject. I think I have referred: to the the 6f purity atmosphere, but my friends?will pardon me if I exhibit a little tautology; to rne the subject is has inspiring, for more impressed me in nature in nothing this region than its marvelous atmosphere; especially when the year is vernal; or autumnal. It remarkable .a impression on me; at times ?Jkf teel it like the wings of some beautiful bird , I love to sit calmly for a few moments, that I may inhale the sweet influence it throws around ! It seems to whisper in the stillest, smallest voice of joy, of 'peace, of heaven and heavenly things, of bygone days, with their dial noting the sunny hours of life ! of the loved and loving, "passed into the skies " and present happiness and .present possessions, it ! makes .fuller and richer still; yes; it has a language that speaks to my spirit of all that is highest and holiest in this sublunary state of being. My epitome of it is and I say it with all reverence the Spirit of God breathes in it ! And this beauty is not by fitful moods and gleams, like an European atmosphere, but will continue for weeks, sometimes for months; and hence the beauty of our gardens is not invaded by sudden storms, when a large amount of labor and expense and gorgeous beauty is all destroyed in an hour, often much less I have observed that the European physique, mental and physical, improves and refines under this climate; though that probably is greatly assisted by the "Word of Wisdom," which is taught and practically carried out by a great many of our people; all the elements of longevity are here in rich profusion, and health abounds. Oh, the nights ! let mo not forget those glorious nights, when tha lunar orb is sailing thro' the broad expanse in her car of blue and silver, of gold and precious gems; through Vhich we almost fancy we can gaze into the presence chamber of the Grand Architect of the uni! verse; and certainly feel we arc nearer heaven In many past ages this has been a volcanic region, though all that is extinct and passive, but the traces of such are still visible. The mountains that surround us like protective walls are undulating and irregular, and the lights and shadows cast upon them by the reflection of the sun render their tint3 purple lurid, or a silver grey, as the hour of the day dictates the pencil. To me, these mountains, with their snowy scalps, have also a language: some speak of life, of energy, of might, and power, of warfare and the roar of the cataract, and the rush of the torrent now silent and extinct; others breathe a repose, a rest, a calm, that shadows forth the rest of the Christian when the "mortal coil" is "shuffled off" One high hill, almost perpendicular in its ascent, bursting out a3 it were from the tops of the mountains, is called "Ensign Peak;" from the summit of this you get an entire and unbroken view of the city and the surrounding country; it is indeed a spot to realize "the world forgetting, by the world forgot." Here is a perfect freedom indeed. It is a spot in which to spent! houra of meditation: a spirit meets you there that cannot be found in a crowded city, or in halls of pleasure; you feel you are in a temple "not made with hands," its dome the blue concave of heaven, its kneeling place the footstool of earth. Away the eye rolls over one class of mountains, clothed in a vesture of royal purpie; on the other side they are enveloped in aveil of mist, and their base dreamy ancobscure such as Gaude Lorraine loved to paint, drawing the mind to contemplate that bright, beautiful, but mystic and obscure eternity to which we are" all so rapidly hastening ! Letting the eyes drop into the valley, we there seea a tortuous, dark line, rolling in coils, like river ? lingo serpenCnamed by the pioneers the shin- Jordan! Away higher up runs a bar of No. 17. ing silvert siiHijent to Ihie cyery cloud that nnry overhang the region, whether individual or collective; this is composed of the rays of the sun upon the beautiful Salt Lake. Then the. eye descends upon the city, the torn of whose highest buildings you can m imagination walk over. In my rapturous feelings I could imagine one huge building "the Coliseum;" and the noble, but unfinished Temple, that most unique structure is looming up, and speaking Saints of a grand and importo the Latter-datant future J And now the eye rests on the elegant towers of the Assembly HalJ, on the same block as the Temple; then wanders to the left, and rests upon the large and Theatre; its internal arrangements denote a consideration for. the comfort and accommodation of the artists who may ocenpy it, and is a building worthy of the metropolis of Utah. Fine and beautiful private dwellings abound in this city hf the' desert; and reflections naturally fill the mind of the beholder (unless it is a shallow or a barren one) that but a few years ago nothing but sagebrush and a few wild Indians were the produce and the occupants of this region, now so fertile, and thickly inhabited by an industrious and most intelligent people, made so by the blessing of God upon a poor and obscure people, who came to it for the sole purpose of endeavoring to worship Him "in spirit and in truth," to gather up and prepare to .. tliem for the second coming of their Lord; " oi" mn-idlay aside "the ponirw and vanities the and all its hollow ways, and to become as "a beacon set upon a hill, that cannot be hid." Such was their sole design; this has been the design of all who have gathered to the nucleus. And many of the rich and intelligent, and those educated in high schools and reared in refinement and Iiixiirv,have read and heard and drank into the spirit that broods over this singular people and have brought all and gladly cast in their lot and become one with the pioneers chosen and ordained of God for a mighty purpose. Watch for it, ye nations, for it will surely come; yes, is on the way with rapid strides. Dear reader, do you realize that you and I are on the summit of Ensign Peak? and that we are having a nice talk to ourselves? Listen! I feel like Peter he desired to build an altar. Were I rich and hud permission, I would build a small Temple, or Kioske on the very place where we are now standing; it shonld not be more than sixteen or eighteen feet in length, and should s octagon in its form, having a Pagoda top; it should have four doorways, but no doors; it would not need windows, but it must have seats by the walls and a tablo in y well-design- ed the centre! once spent a whole Sabbath day up there a lovely day in the lovely month of May; there, with three choice friends, we held a spir- I itual "communion of Saints." That day (in my mind) I laid the foundation of the above-Yea- rs have passed in spirit I am often therer for it is a conspicuous object from my window, and I echo the" words of David, "Had I the wings of a dove," I would refresh my mind ia the pure, untainted air of Ensign Peak. Jan. 18, 1882. Mrs. Mary E. Haggart will present the Wo- man Suffrage question before the Kentucky Legislature during the present session. She is an able, earnest and very efficient advocate of the cause. 