117 srnrtnn ha taken rooms for the winter at the residence of Mrs, H. M. 'Whitney, Northe east of the Tern-piTemple Street, one half block Block. Indies who may wish to consult her audiences professionally can be granted private if they desire it. Dr. Norton' uses the homeopathic remedies generally. n, , LESSONS IN DRAWING. Dr. H. C. Norton, Will teach perspective drawing in crayon in twenty lessons. Office at the residence of Mrs. H. M. Whitney, North Temple Street, half a block east of the Temple. We have seen some specimens of the lady's work and consider them very fine. teen dollars for twenty lessons. r Terms She was the mother of seven children, and leaves forty-tw- o grandchildren and nine greatgrandchildren. On Wednesday, Dec 14, at 10 A. M., bar mortal remains were carried by some of her grandsons to the meeting house, followed by a larger procession of relatives and friends, also the officers and members of the Relief Society from all parts of the Stake. Very consoling, eornforting and good instructions were given by Patriarch John Rowberry and Apostle F. M. Ljman; after which the large cortege moved to the cemetery, where the body of our dear sister was laid away. But she has gone in hopes of a glorious resurrection with the just. fif- Correction. E. R. Farns worth, Secretary Ann Tate, Why should our tears in sorrow flow God has recalled His own ; Then let our hearts in every woe, Still say, "Thy will be done." - re- Relief Society of Beaver Stake, very politely Soquests us to correct the report of the Relief of the Expociety as published in Nov. 1st issue nent She states that instead of cash $37.40, property, $99.20, and wheat 24 bushels, they property in treasury, have on hand cash, $99.28, real estate, $3,697; total property, $3,769.28. Wheat in bin, 221 bushel; loaned, to be returned h interest,133 bushels; December l,with total interest 33i bushels; wheat, 3S7 bushels. one-fourt- Cor. Sec'y R. S. Died, ! ! at Lake View. Tooele Co., Dec. 7, 1881, of diphtheria, Mary Gillespie Shields, aged 9 years, 8 mont hs and 4 days. She was the daughter of Archibald and Ellen Shield. Owing to there being no Primary Association, she became a member cf the Relief Society, and was always pleased toattend themeeting and Sunday School, and was beloved by all who knew her. 1 Elizabeth Miller. OBITUARIES. Died, at Wellsville, Cache Co., Utah, Dec. 7, 1831, Mary Thirkell, wife of John Thirkell, in the 67th year of her age. Deceased was born at Hutton Bushel, Yorkshire, Eu;land, March 30, 1815; was baptized into the Church of Jesus Saints on Oct. 22, 1850, at Christ of Latter-da- y Corby, Northamptonshire. She left her comfortable home, father and mother, and emigrated to Utah with her husband and family; crossed the plains in Jacob QateV company in 1 853, bury ing two children on the plains in one week. Sister ihirkell liyed and died a Saint. She was a kind and loving wife and mother, and lias many friends in Utah who honored and respected her. Com. Died, at Mill Creek, Salt Lake County, of typhoid fever, Nov. 7, 1831, Elizabeth A. Carlisle, daughter of Joseph and Isabella Carlisle, aged 18 years 11 months and 12 days. Deceased was a counselor In the Young Ladies Association and a teacher in the Sabbath School, and was a firm believer in the princl- pit 8 of the everlasting gospel. She was a young lady highly raspected and esteemed by all whb knew her, a loving and faithful friend,' a kind sister, and a dutiful child. Sheleaves a large circle of relatives and friends to mourn her lossv who truly sympathize with her parents, sisters and brothers In their sad bereavement, and pray the Lord to comfort their hearts that they may bear their loss with fortitude. Died, at her residence in Tooele City, Dec. 12, 18S1, at two o'clock p. m., Elizabeth White : Cleggj wife of Benjamin A. Clegg. Dsceased was born Aug. 1, 1813, at Billingsley England. She embraced the Gosptl in November, 1813, and emigrated in Elder Orson Spencer's company in 1849. At Council Bluff her husband, Johnathan White, died, ieaving her with a small .family; but through many privations and trials she arrived in Salt Lake City the and cheerful' dissame fall, where her energetic ' won her many friends, In tho Spring position 1850 she was married to Bro. Benjamin Clegg who was always a kind and sympathetic husband. In the Fall of the same year they moved to Tooele City, being among the first Pettier of that valley, and encountering all the trials and privations of Indian troubles and the scourge of grasshoppers and famine, and many other inconveniences incident to the founding of new settlements. Through all she maintained her integrity firm and unshaken in the great latter-da- y work, living iip to all the requirements and privileges of the Gospel, and assisting in every enterprise where woman'e aid could benefit, for building up the Kingdom of God on the earth At the first organization of the1 Relief Society of Tooele she was chosen First Counselor' to the President, and subsequently she was chosen Counselor to the Belief Socieey President of the SUkV when 'the .organization of the Relief Societies of the Stake was effected, which position she retained up to the time of her death. -- Dcath'has placed hia cold hand now On that calm and placid brow; Cease from sorrow, care and strife, Thon hast passed this troubled life: On the earth thy work is done, Rest in peace till Christ &hall come. at the residence of Mrs. M. F. C. Morri- son, Charlotte S. Hyde, wife of Apostle Orson 11 days. Hyde, aged 79 years, 3 months and Sister Hyde was born August 22, 1802, at Lower ensnack, Salem Co., New Jersey, Joined the Church in St.'IiouIsyMd.; was baptized by Elder Edson Whipple In 1850, and came to Utah In ' .1852. ; ;" ' ' . , In' the Spring of 1853 she left her comfortable home in the 13th Ward of Salt Lake City, duraring the exodus of the Saints from there, arid rived In Ephraim, Sanpete' Co., where she lived one year; at the organization of this settlement' in the Spring of 1859, moved here, and has remained ever since. Sister Hyde has lived an exemplary life, been Ssint, always trya true and faithful Latter-da- y an opportunity. had she ing to do good wherever She taught school in Mt, Pleasant, twenty-on- e her years, and was faithful i the discharge of duties, and took great pleasure in cultivating the minds of the younr entrusted to her care, instructing therii in the principles of life and making those principles plain to their U understandings as they became old enough ; sal-vationy- receive them. SYNOPSIS OF MINUTES OF R. 8. CON- FERENCE, The Relief Society Conference of this Stake was held in the Council Ruhb in this City,Dec. 16, 1881, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m., Counselor E. S. Taylor presiding. . Present on the stand Pres. E. R. S. Smlt , Mrs. B. VWSmlth, Mrs. E, B. Wells and the Secretary, Mrs. E.. Howard. Afler tbejigual opening exercleea. mmuieaoi previous uonierence werereau ana accepted. Mrs. Taylor made eome introductory remarks and stated briefly and definitely the' business before the meeting. The following Wards were then represented: First Wardj Mrs. Chae; Second, Mrs. McGregor; Third, Mrs. Smith; Fifth, Mrs. Turnbow; Sixth: MrsrFnl-me- r; Seventh, Mrs. NeKlham, Eighth, Mrs. Fletcher; Tenth, Mrs. Earl; Twelfth, Mrs. Hooper. Sister Eliza then addressed the meeting upon the duties and responsibilities' of members of the Relief Societies, giving them in a concise and clear manner a good idea of how to perform these duties acceptably. Her teaching was well adapt d to the capacity of all. She also exhorted them to live near to the Lord and try to be humble enough to keep the HJy Spirit Instructive remarks were also for a guide. made by Mesdames K. M. Uarrington, H. K. Grant, M. N. Hyde, and E. B. Wells, After singing and prayer, meeting adjourned until two : p. m. " Afternoon session: After singing, prayer by Mrs. E. R. S Smith, and singing the Ninth ; Ward was reported by Tnirteentn, Mrs. Grant; Fourteenth, Mrs. Wibox; Fifteenth Mrs. Jones; Bixteenih, Mrs. Fisher; Seyeh-teehMrs.-uroo- h, Mrs. Hyde; Eighteenth, Nirs. Barton; Nineteenth, Mrs. Neal; Twentieth, Mrs. Miller; Mrs. Longmore;' Farmers, Mrs. Twenty-firs- t, Woodrufl; Sugar House. Mrs;' Gibson; Pleasant Green, Mrs. Hirst; Brighton, Mrs. Jones. A fter the rendering of these several rertorta which were all clearly arid briefly given, Mrs, themeeting, invited Pres. Taylor, President of to address the congregation:. Joseph E. Taylor and occupied the remainder of the He accepted time in speaking upon the social phase of plural marriage. The time was almost too short for bo use of it and presented many historical and;Bi-blicfacts In support of bis arguments. :;;; Sister Eiiza gave some special instruction on the Relief So important matters pertaining to ciety and Sister Taylor made a few closing-r- e al marks and suggestions. Conference adjourned until March, 1882. Sung Doxology. Benediction i h by Elder Jos. E. Taylor. AsSaturday morning, Dec. 17, the Primary sociation of the S. L. Stake held their Confer8 CJaw- ence at the s:ime place,' Mrs. Ellen was cnuaren tne The ny son presiding. singing and were The satisfactory reports heavenly. inspired by the the sisters who spoke' : seemed " good Spirit. this In the afternoon the Y. L. M. I. M. Mrs. the game place, Stake convened in were On stand the the A. B. Freeze presiding. Society, Y. L. general presidents of the Relief of these or- officers other M. I. A. and P. A., ,y jiicouj. ganizaiions were Associations in the Vity were ably represented, and Brighton, of alsoSugur House, Mill Creek those outside the city.- Pres. Freeze made some admonitory remarks to.Jhe young ladies and earnestly entreated, them to come forward and prepare themselves foV the' great wort how needed. Sister Eliza thed'addressed the assent bly ujioii such subject as apply uireciry tonne-, education and training of the young, andj ex;pres ed her anxiety in their behalf in the most tender and motherly lapguage.' Sister Taylor; made a stirringnpi eal to the yoarjg ladles nrg, in mariners and ing them to improve in mind, to the liigherVorder of in everything pertaining bocoWe of thorOugbly life,and beawty and nurity vertsed in those things which are moJ essential in Uie Church of God upon tbe earth," Exhorted the youpg ladies not to let' the yoong'men for khdwledge'ano? Inoutstrip them In the race to competed with 'them. telligence, but be able any matter of mutual .interest In . a. lady-lite and lntileat mannr. ;, ! Com. Die l, Every one loved and respected Auntie Hvde. as she was generally called, and her name will be held with honor andrespect while memory lasts. She bore the cross like a true Saint, and will ultimately wear the crown. M. F. C. Morrison. ... C A.--o- f ; 