WOMAN'S EXPOHEJNT 188 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EKHELIHE B. WEIXft, In 8alt Lake (Sty, Utah Pahllahed Terme: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months 11.00 Ten copies for tha price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $20: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular adTcrtisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ertry day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womah'b Expototht, semi-monthl- y, Salt Lake City Utah. The Latter-da- y Saints should never swerv one jot or tittle from the path of duty, but strive earnestly to keep the faith. This claim is imperative.' God has instituted a reform In the earth, a plan of salvation which Is higher, broader, grander, deeper and Teaches farther into the future than any institution which man could suggest. And even though the "times are out of Joint," there is One who can be safely relied upon to set all thing right. The great Physician, the Healer will in his own due time, and in the season thereof, restore all things to their proper places, and his kingdom will be established never to be thrown down, and righteousness will be his sceptre. one The record of the past year was filled, assassination of might say, with calamitiesThe the Czar, and the foul murder of Pres. Garfield, would indeed Indicate tbafa spirit of lawlessness and bloodshed was abroad in the world, that made even kings and rulers stand in awe In view of the dreadful evils that might In a moment overtake them. In the present year the Bame spirit seems raging In the hearts of the wicked urgg them on to evil deeds. The attempted aseasalriation of ; Queen Victoria took everybody by surprise; so good and noble a; near ted In? Queen has seldom lived, and deed must be the villain who could pollute hi hands with the innocent blood of royalty. Following close upon that foul deed two faithful administrators of Her Majesty's laws are mur? dered in cold blood when sent to conciliate a part of her people whose welfare and happiness she desired to promote. ATasfpoor unfortunate "the times are out of Irelandfor there indeed ' " ; joint." beloved country "the own How ia it with our land of the free and the home of the brave." Witneasihe controversy of the Congrees of the" United States, on some most Important matters under consideration durlDg the present session of that honorable body. The legislation concerning Utah, Is only one of those, but the persecution of a people because of their religion, in a land of free thought and "the birthplace of free religious liberty" plainly proves "the times are out cf bd t MAY SALT LAKE CITY, VOLUME TEN- 15, 1882. - e The present number closes the of the Woman's Exponent. So far It has re celved favorable consideration! but the number of subscribers is not sufficient as yet to warrant any change In Its publication. We bad ardently hoped to enlarge the paper this year, but In view of the peculiar circumstance s of this people at the present time, we think it wisdom to continue for this year without making any change whatever. If the sisters could but realize the Importance of the paper, the great good it is certainly doing, of the representation it gives the women of this people abroad, and the real, one might almost say desporate need, there is of their representing themselves instead of being represented by those who do not and cannot possibly understand the motives by which they are actuated, there would soon be a sufficient number of subscriptions, and the paper might be issued weekly or enlarged. We call upon all Latter-da-y Saint women to consider this subject carefully and use their influence to obtain subscriptions for the paper, so ai lo make it not only possible, bnt easy to have the paper either enlarged or Iseied weekly. Had we double the number we have, it could be done. Trusting ere long to see our Hat largely increased so as to meet the wishes and needs of the people in this respect, we thank the many friends of the Exponent, for their patronage and hope to make the paper more and more, interesting and a still better help to the women.of Utah, in the future than it has been in the past. tenth-volum- Jenette-McMurri- Have the great men of the nation left God out of their Councils? If so, then indeed may they fear aud tremble. One can but think they have, when they seeklo oppress aud breakdown a handful of people who had sought refuge from their cruel oppresescrs in the fastnesses of the Mountains; where they had peopled the desert and made it habitable for men, and only asked the protection of the God of heaven, and Ihe recognition by the nation, of their rights as citizens, to which thousands of them were entitled by birth, and all by the right of that honest toil, that untiring industry which made tbo barren land fruitful, ami its cities fair to look upon; only the rights guaranteed toevery man toman-tai- n his manhood, these are the heritage cf a THOUGHTS e people. tbeir duties know, their Bat know rights, and, knowing daro maintain. Men who JOIr. the pre-emine- The sentiment expressed by Shakespeare whlch is quoted above, is certainly applicable to the present time. There is abundant evidence of this to every reflective mind. The daily papers are filled with accounts of crimes, accidents, death and disaster sickening to read; and one cannot help longing for Telief from these horrors of every day occurrence. Where is the union of purpose for the good of mankind, and the security of life and liberty in the strength of kingdoms and nations, that ought to characterize this age of blasted civilization, this enlightened, highly. cultured nineteenth century ? prac- tise of any principle of their religion ? This is indeed a paradox. It may be asserted that marriage Is no part of religion, but would not that lie a contradiction of all established precedents? D, not all religious denominations marry accord, ing to their own peculiar form?, or ceremonies) and do they not make use of such words as seem to them the most appropriate in informing this sacred ordinance. Ap&uredly they do, and ever have done. If the K lmuud'fl bill should be enforced as it Is understood by those who framed it, then indeed will "the times be out of Joint" in Utah, where now life and property are most secure, and where God's laws are held The plana of wicked men to restrain and curtail the liberties of a free people yea, even to t nslave them will b a vexation to this nation for all time to come; their Councils will be confused and their deliberations brought to naught. They have sewn the wind they will reap the whirlwind ! Lyin spirits hae gone abrcml over the face of the earth, seeking whom they may deceive, and they will deceive many, and it, behooves every person to know whether, he bj on the Lord's side, and "hold fast to the fron rod which ia the Word of God," that ho may find safety and deliverance In every time of need. AWAKENED BY CAMEO. Cameos have ever been great favorites of mine I and I wore one of the immortal Shaks-p?rfor u any years daily, till It lecameas it were an Amulet, but one unfortunate day I lost my Cameo! 1 have seen some beautiful devices in Cameo. One especially, I so well remember, it bore with exquisite distinctness the thirteen jjersonages, composing "the last supper." The centre figure was of course, the Savior, "the beloved Apostle" on his right hand, and the remaning eleven , of liberty, compel a people to renounce Let no person forget the tlection on Monday, the 3rd of May. a Thia people should show their strength in the vote cast for the Constitution of the proposed State. The Lord has In many in. stances bkBt in a visible manner the efforts made by this people to obtain justice, even though the rulers of the nation refused and rejected their intercessions with scorn. It may be so now. ? "Our cause is just," and the event Is la the hands of One, who doeth all things well. - to appointment, for reorganization, May 7th, 1882, at the meeting house. Present, Bishop Sheets, Counselors McMurrln, and Brockbank, and Sister M. I. Home. Opened by singing and prayer minutes read and accepted. Resolution! of respect of our late President and Counselor, wt re read and adopted. The Bishop then made some remarks, and nominated the officers. Sister Esther B. Fletcher, President; Catherine Palmer, First Counselor; Jane Cowen Second n Counselor; Sarah Hawkins, Secretary ; Assistant Secretary; Ruth Ensign Treasurer; Annie Cross,. Presiding Teacher, Sistor Home gave us good instructions. Meet ing adjourned. The Bishop invited the sitters to his home to dinner, we had a very enjoyable E. B. Fletcher. time with his family. Joint." free-bo- rn HOME AFFAIRS. TheEJghth Ward Relief Society met according How can Congress consistently with the spirit ELECTION DAY. THE TIMES ARE OUT OF s : nt. - ; around the table. If I ever craved a jewel, It wai that mo3t exquisite one; but its price was fifty guineas, and I had to return it into the kind hands that had brought it for myinspec. tion, knowing it would be the gem of my heart; every feature was distinct, and even the expression of each face, vividly portrajed. Bat tho "Cameo," that has struck many chords in my hoart, at the present moment is the Noni de plume of the writer of theLief, but most Interesting article in the last issue of the Exponent, headed "Spencer's Letters " The very name brings before my mind such a crowd of complicated reminiscences, that I find it difficult to make any tangible. Were I to IIvo to the age of Methusalah, I could never forget the complex feelings that thrilled through my whole syf tem as I took that little volume into my hands. I work verbally laid before had had the Latter-da- y me, and I had felt the truth of some of its principles', for I could read them in the New Testament, bu t I hnd seen no 'book, or printed matterto of any sort regarding it. I was requested read "Spencer's LotbrM," as a book that would please, and mora convince me; but I hesitated, I feared it would "lead me to convictions I would shun," therefore I rather declined, but atfll was not latisfled; at last I consented that it should ba purchased and pent to me. It came ! I took H into my hands, not attempting to open it, holdIng it with a species of awe, having an Indlftlnct 