WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A CHAT WITH MY MORMON FRIENDS. - Ah.' Mrs. Wells how'do ? I am very glad inI was beginning to deed to sec you. Walk in. feel a little hurt, thinking you did not intend to accept my invitation to come to spend the afternoon. This is "Marv F" Happy to make your acquaintance. George Q. Cannon ? Happy to meet you sir. 'And this Ah, Hannah T. King? glad to see you, very glad. Claim you as a sort of old. acquaintance. All please be seated, and if you've brought your Knitting, ladies ah Mrs. Wells has taken out her pencil, now I'll have to be careful what I say. You ask why I take a seeming interest in the Mormon question. Well, one has but to look around to see that there is some great mistake ..made somewhere in regard to the marriage relation as it exists now. Mormonism presents another side to the question. I am not ready to accept the side presented by you, without close examination of it in all its bearings; but I am willing to examine, and believe there are many others to follow me, as soon as I let down the bars of prejudice and fear of ridicule. Felix Adler in his lecture in Cincinnati Jan. 28th said: "This abandonment of ancient theories has a foundation some where. Among the influences that are sapping old beliefs, is, first. Natural Science. It is the recognition by the masses of the fact of the existence of inexorable law from countless ages an unbroken chain of causation." Now, as that is true in a religious sense, so is it true socially. There is an abandonment of ancient theories and practices,too,socially. Something is sapping old beliefs and I say, 'tis well. Mr. Cannon, pardon me, but while you are here I wish to ask, did you say, as the Gazette reporter alleges that, "no woman can secure exaltation in heaven, unless she be united in mar-ri- g tn a Tftfir-da- j Saint of the Mormon Church, on earth?" I could never believe that; really I think if any man gets to heaven 'twill be through the instrumentality of women. But I never like to talk on any subject if heaven, future rewards and punishments are to be brought in. I am altogether of the earth, earthy. My religion is quickly summed up. Having believed on Jesus, confessed Him before men and been baptized, I have the gospel promise of salvation. I love the purity of Christ's character and try to imitate it. My soul worships the Creator of this beautiful earth, with its thousand wonders, its singing birds, flowers, bright skies, and stars, and clouds. Truly, my soul sayeth "The Heavens declare the glory of God, the firmament sheweth his handiwork. Day unto day uttereth speech, night unto night sheweth knowledge.' But of future rewards, and punishments I concern not myself. Right, is right wrong is wrong ! I try in all things, small or great, to do right, and leave my case, in the hands of a just judge; Therefore, just as soon as you convince me that the Mormon Church practices aro right, that moment I yeild all my prejudices and become one among you. Did you gay, Mrs. Wells, that "plural marriage does exalt women ? That by making the sacrifice of her own feelings and giving up her prejudices for the husband she loves, she ennobles herself ?" Well, that is true. Every" one is ennobled by sacrificing his or her own wishes for the good of others. Yes, Mary F. It does seem as though it were right; that when a woman, weakened br disease child bearing, her mind entirely taken the care of hir family, loses all inclination to be a wife in the full sense of the word, she should be willing to act nobly, as did Sarah of old, and allow another to take th place she is no longer able to fill. Not going, are you, Mr. Cannon ? Good-after- - fj noon. You were saying, Mrs. Wells, "WTien a woman is no longer able to prepare the food she gives that duty to a servant. When unable makes by ill health or the demands society for upon her to prepare the clothing, necessary the family, she hires another to do it. In early of days, to do these duties herself was proof the love she bore her 'husband to neglect them was inexcusable. Do women love their husbands and children less in these days ? No; it is the abandoning of ancient theories and practices. Dr. Pierce says in his "People's Common Sense Medical Adviser," "Since self preservation is Nature's first law, the desire for food is a most powerful instinct in all living animals. Not inferior to this law is that for the prepetuation of race, and for this purpose throughout the animal and vegetable kingdom, we find the Biblical statement literally illustrated, "Male and female created He them." Now, no one would be foolish enough to say that, because a wife did not prepare the food, herself for her husband, he should go without; and no husband will compel his wife to prepare the food for him when she is unable to do But his hunger so. Nor will he and his wift's sickness does not privilege him to go into his neighbor's bouse and sit down, uninvited, to eat. No man would think of doing such a thing.,, Custom regulates such things. But N. B. He does not abuse his t. physical nature by depriving it of needed food. Well, you Mormon women are always ready to give a reason for the faith you hold and 1 must acknowledge you have beaten me- - this afternoon. But I've enjoyed your talk and hope to spend another .pleasant hour together soon. Mrs. Martha Coray is dead. I felt saddened by the news for had hoped to meet her in her own home on earth sometime, but will never have the pleasure. I believe she was a good woman and would say: did much to strengthen us in our labors. As also we are much indebted to the kind associations and faithful example of Sister Stayner from whose lips the sisters, havelearned many valuable lessons and received much strength and encouragement; we realize how much a faithful sister can do among the Baints wise counsels in this country. Elder John Donaldson, President of the Liverpool Conference also paid us a visit which gave us great pleasure his address will long live in our memories, it bas been to us all & source of very great regret,that his labors away from the city have prevented his repeating his visit. Elder Scot Anderson the Branch President was frequently present at our meetings, and furnished us with valuable information, and gave us all the encouragement in his power. The teachers reported 134 visits paid during the year. And in listening to the reports from time to time, we deeply feel that we havebeen as instruments in. the hands of God in assisting to carry on His work and accomplish His However fully or imperfectlly we may have labored, all we have done has not been in our own name or strength but in firm reliance upon Him with whom we confidently leave the result. We commenced the year with a balance on hand 3 9; during the year we nave received making a total of It 8eemes marvelous how much good we have been able to accomplish even with this small sum every pressjjpg need has been relieved and we have 7s 6d in the treasury. In conclusion we pray our Eternal Father to continue His blessings to us ami our Society and enable us with full purpose of heart and firm reliance upon Him at all times to continue to labor faithfully in any part of His Vineyard where our lot may be cast. pur--pose- s. 4-9-- E. H. Johnson, President. M. J. Anderson, Secretary. . Why do we mourn the daad, departed From earth, and all the earthly strife, Though Death were a sleep eternal, 'Twcre rest from weary cares of Life. And when we know that Joys Immortal Are promised those who pass away, Death seems the quiet night, preceding The glorious morn of Eternal day. Emily Scott. (Gentile.) QMMM R. 8., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. "" in LIVERPOOL, j. mm mm ENGLAND. Second Annual report of the Relief Society of the Liverpool Branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints for 1881. The year now so near its close, has been fraught with many important events to our Society. The experience which we had gained dunng the first year of our existence as a society, we have found very valuable to us, and we are most harjpy to have to report, that during the whole of the past year our Society has been conducted in the most pleasant and smoothest manner possible; all has benpeaceful,harmoni-ous- , and full of love. The Holy Spirit of God has been in our midst at all times, and we have felt the blessed influence of His presence. Our hearts have been filled with love and gratitude to our Heavenly Father and we humbly and gratefully fchank Him for his great goodness. We had a membership of nine at the beginning of the year, but four of these have gone to Zion. But we have filled up their places by four others. We have held twenty-on- e meetings during the year, and the attendance of the members has been very good indeed. We have been favoredon many occasions with visits from Elder C. W. Stayner, whtse loving words and y . 2; WASATCH. The Relief Society Conference of this Stake was held in the Heber City Hall,Feb. 10, 1882. Commencing at half past 10, o'clock A. M. President Emma Brown, presiding. Present on the stand were Bro. T. H. Giles; Bishop Murdock, and Patriarch Hicken. After the usual opening exercises, minutes of the previous Conference were read and accepted. Pres. Brown made some intrductory remarks felt pleased- to see so many of the sisters present. The following wards were then represented. East Heber by Mrs. Rasband, West Heber by Mrs. Foreman,Midway by Mrs. Gurney, Center by Mrs. Richardson, Charleston by Mrs. Murdock, Wallsburg by Mrs. Clifton. The reports were very satisfactory showing a desire to improve and to carry out the counsel of those placed over them. The Primaries were then represented. Wallsburg by K Jennie Center Mrs. Allred, Harvey, Heber City by by Mrs. Lee. The sisters then occupied the time giving good counsel, said mothers should set a good example before their daughters, they should attend their meetings and be always ready to respond to every call. Meeting adjourned until 2 o'clock P. M. Benediction by Bro. Rasband. Afternoon session: Singing, prayer by Bro. John Duke, verbal reports were then given by the Pres. of the Y. L. M. I. A. They were given in a very pleasing and instructive manner. Sister Duke then spoke a short tinje, she bore a faithful testimony that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God and that the Gospel was revealed to him, and that we can by obedience to all its laws and ordinances be brought back into the presence of our Father. Said the great men of the nation are determined to overthrow this people. We are in the hands of the Lord and so are they; if we are true to our religion they cannot harm us; - 