CI JL .1 A BONG. Trw teanJf ead letter, and not" confirmci: J: "For :ur Gospel carae not unto yotr in word" only .but hl lfl Iwer, and. in the Holy Ghost, and- - the birds of the mountain, Frr at the ilppling rill; , Free as rthe crystal fountain, fid free 1b tha human will ) Mighty and ttrong, for ifgbt orwrong, JTo chooKLlhe good or ill, (), God above, b nd down tby love Tu guide lh human mil. a and told. him that none of them were true, and for him to join none of them.' But in th own "diieim of the Jtn him the true and everlasting GoTfl, he a? about .the Book of Mormon, bf a of the American Indians, and ing ' vuajJicx; veree. . l win alio quote hb-tor- Jesus ne was Dear In tbe tight. of heaven Of this yaln world a part-G- reat Is tbc work that's glyen, ' To each ioor buman heart. Nobly and true, Its work to do, - ot-o- ur e " I " true order of the Church: that there should be gifts, apostles, pastors, teachers, perfectly . . governed, and established without fault and S. schism; all must be of the same heart, and : mind, in perfect harmony with the- - Savior's teachings, and it is so plain that a wayfarriug man though a fool need not err therein. Now T do know this is the true Gospel, to be bap- tized, by one having authority, for the'remis-sb- n of my sins, go down into the water with him as the Eunuch did; when I have done this, refrain from doing wrong, by that grace which I have received; have hands laid on my - head, that the Holy Ghost may be manifested -to lead me into all truth, according to the pattern in holy writ. "And when Paul had laid hia hands upon them the Holy Ghost came on I). " IN ANSWER; t 'i to dispel: the veil of darkness from our sister's eyes, (Mrs. Scott,) aud ask questions in a kindly manner, in relation to ' : tnose passages of Scripture which I quoted, and the by light of -the. Holy Spintjmswerjn, -"truthr---::" Did Mr. Alexander Campbell preach the same Gospel in every respect that the Apostle did, that laid such an injunction on his words? "Though an angel from heaven preach - any other Gospel than that we have preached let ; him bo accursed." Though Mr. Campbell the same words he had no authority to quoted administer hi the ordinances of that Gospel, although he believed it was right to immerse in water to wash away the sin of the believer that they , might bo brought forth to newness of life. Yet he was not called of God as was Aaron, and the Bible says, no man taketh this honor to himself. Then I ask how could a person be cursed for not believing his message, he made no profession to this effect of being called by God, or set apart by one having When ever God had a particular ; authority. - work to do or dispensation to bring about, He said, "I will do nothing except I reveal it to my servants the prophets." The world deride revelation, and -- prophets. How then can they enlighten the people, seeing they grope in the dark. The Holy Ghost will bring all things to our remembrance,' things past, present and to come; then .will we know of the doctrine whether it be of: God or nianrrNo w lenisfeZ - amine Scripture, and try to learn tho true and everlasting Gospel as preached by jthe Savior and his Apostles. ; Just before our Savior wwuueq iuiy ucaveu, auer uis resurrection from the dead, He gave his Apostles this mission, "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature, he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned," and these signs shall follow them that believe, in my name they shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues, lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." This is positive language. They had the power and authority, and signs followed their preaching. "And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs 'following; St. Mark, last chapter. "God is the same yester. and forever, God changes not," his day y v.'ord neither his Gospel." ; Did these signs follow. Campbell's preaching ? If hot, the word he preached was to thoso who . to-da- . them,' and they spake with tongues and prophesied." Now Daniel saw a kingdom established on the earth. "Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter-dayfor yet the visionjsfbri many 14th verse. days." Chapter 10, but before this two chapters of Daniel when interpreting the - King's dream which portrayed the setting up, and tearing down of earthly kingdoms. "The God of Heaven set up his kingdom, (44th verse,) which shall never be destroyed, and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms and it shall stand forever." "For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea." Now I will ask has a kingdom ever been set ' up by any people, that has brought all the powers of the earth into subjection to its rule, and government? 14th chapter Gth verse Rev. "And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people." This angel is appointed to bring, or restore again that Gospel which was not on the earth, and as those holding the authority or Priesthood to preach that Gospel, were put to death, and destroyed. Therefore the .Gospel - r has not been on the earth since the days of the ' iormer-da- y Saints. Joseph Smith, a young mat fourteen years of age, attended several meetings of different belief, and being in doub t which wa3 right, he opened the Bible, and read James 1st chapter SthjereIfanyJack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not; and it shall be given But let him ask in faith; nothing him. .. wavering. is this the not right way for My dear Sister, you fcand I to find the truth? Hejramediately retired to a secret place, and asked the Lord to tell him which of all these different sects, was right; he thought that perhaps one might be right, and as he waa praying a personage, a halo of bght gurroundiDg hira,stood before himr s, . . . - . . -- th nlririf whrro if vfri't-lrTnn- 't" v ftffpoxtac Though goodor HI betide, God Above, send dowaHbylovc; The human heart to guide. God's mercy, ever careth 1. For the immortal bouI, . All Its needs He knoweth, It should his name extol. Let songs arise to rend tho skies Let soul and heart "and will . To God above glvo endless love, Oar mission here to fill. - ghowTV of-th- -- , y he obtained and translated it. and on of thn witnesses that paw the plates on ' which it waV enarrared is living, David Whitmer; if you will read his testimony in the preface e 3ookJc;rA.ndir navTzzcnn cern irr?-- t jietf iadin ?")f--: which you speak, lo read we;mustnnder naming nre taxing vengeance ,ciri know not God; and that obey not the . Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ." Please read all the Epistle through, these words are time: Thenls reierrmg.to the last days ic noi oi tne tne true bospel? Which sava "there is hut on faith, one Lord, and one baptUm." " We must earnestly contend for the iaith once delivered to the Saints." And as soon as we admit t wo or more different doctrines, we lay a foundation for infidelity, for that would make God the Author of confusion and discord. ui nuix, theiri that , I should like ; - -- E. . were com manded to keep, that is Celestial farria?e. "What God put together let no man put asunder." "And let them marry in' tho Lord." Let us see if David, and Solomon kent this law sacred. David took Uriah's wife, and ' Nathan the Prophet reproved him but thoe he took lawju tinned drmnf the. law. How Solomon? about he took Iceeping wives of heathen parents and worshiped their: god3, in this he sinned. TTe -- must" have neg- gected his own true and faithful wives or they would not have cried to the Lord. For behold, thtfs saith the LordrtHs people -- begin to wax in iniquity, they understand not the Scriptures for thev seek to excuse in committing whoredoms because of the things which were written- concerning David, and Solomon Thev truly had many and concubines which wives, wa3 displeasing to the Lord. It must have been the way they acted, and transgressed by doins: so. Therefore He forbade them to marry more than one. For the Lord savs that whoredoms are abominations and He delighteth in the- chastity of woman. , The fault is laid to the husband, and that they "should not com mit whoredom liko . unto . them of old etc. "Now if the- - sin consisted inr marrying "plural wives, why did Nathan give them in marriage to David. And why was theIineage of our Savior traced through that line of men that practiced that patriarchal order of marriage? And the wives of- these men were called the fair daughters, and God heard thpir prayers against the wickedness of their husbands. He said, "If I will command ray people," He could" - command them to have but one, or more if He chose. And they of this class were the men that held the holy Priesthood, and the oracles of God.- He bas the greatest, right to give hU law or commands . for men to obey, and He should be obeyed rather than man, and in all agesof the world God's laws have come in con-;- , tact with the traditional man made law, the law of the land. The self righteous Jews could not conform to the law of Christ. And in our day the oyer righteous cannot see the kingdom of. heaven which i3 established on the earth, for the salvation of every person who will receive it. "Glad tidings of great joy which shall be to all the people." "Come unto rae-al- l ye . ends of the earth, and be ye saved." The second coming of our Savior will be" d by the Gentile nation, as wa3 his v first by the, Jews. j -- -h torn a "well wisher, thpm-selve- :; - his-so- n. - " . - - over-looke- Mary Ann Piuxr. It is a delightful, help merely not to bs hindered. Jean Ingclow. The sad consequence of defection in principle is corruption in practice. Dickens. To persevere in one's iduty and to be silent, is the first.answer to calumny. Washington. An ability and an opportunity gooiL -- :ipbght-:tabc-considere- Cecil. -- acali-todo dra3 v : too it." Mrs. Livermoro writes that "The newspapers of Boston are greatly improved no w that women aro employed a? regular writers on the staff." 