N SCENES AND INCIDENTS INNAUVOO. BY - evening the storm was raging tremenduously, and1 the cold north wind was1 blowing in a IIELEX MAK WHITNEY. -- Ins tea d of hearing about this party and that party, this danee and that dance, in different parts of their name was embarrasinenL than heouM-hefore-kinnobles and great men 01 the earth, for he knew the crimes of which iheu were guilty. and knew precisely how to address them; but his young friends, before whom he now stood, were guilty of none of these crimes, and he what to say. He said he had hardly knew o i i never m ma me seen sucni a large company oi young people assembled toerether." pav such strict attention, listen with such profound silence and keep such good order as the assembly now before him. He praised their good conduct, and taught them how to behave in "all places, explained to them ' their d uty, and advised them to organize themselves into a society for the relief of the poor. As a com- f mencementto tneir Denevoient enorts, he onerea a petition from an English brother by the ' name of Modesly, who was lame, and who together oni the 21st of March. The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved , and the same officers appointed to preside as on the former evening. lhe report of the commitee was' then called for, which. "conveneoT gsr was as follows: . LJV ... 4rAA4fcW V". upon the active benevolence of the young J LXylXJlA AXIO AiU JXKkO iJJAJ Vi JLI UU I that you may act upon it. as you deem proper. lie advised them to choose a commitee to collect funds for this purpose, and perform this charitable work as soon as the weather became suitable. He gave them much good advice, to puide their conduct throw bh lifft nnH rrp-- narft thp.m for a frlnrlnns ptipmifv "He said he was very much pleased with the course Elder Kimball had taken, and honpd hp. would, continue his meetings and that the ' - " AAA vmincr Twmlp. wmildx fnllnw" hi fpnliinoM meetmg was appointedxforvtJ.v wuwww kuiugu aaa w - A the young men to VVUClWiMblviit M KA.it VJ IT ili to thfl flnnnintmpnt nnt. hpinb crpnprn lit niiwi. lated, many young gentlemen were not present. The meeting was however calledto order:.Wm.. . i v and Jsiarceiius t, was 1j. vutier " . "D i Lmtea cAciJik,- - a.uurew v , opencer and Stephen Perry were appointed as a com- raiiee w urau a constitution ior the goyern- ment of the society. After hearing several speeches the meeting adjourned to the evening of the 28th of March. "At the next public meeting we were ad- uressea Dy aiders Kimball and Koundy, and as usual, received much erood instruction. Elder Kimball advised us to choose our wisest young men as --officers of the society, and ap point a commitee to wait upon the young , ladies, as well as gentlemen, and obtain their snbscription; for, said he, 'they are as full of benevolence, and as ready to assist in relieving the poor, as are the young gentlemen.' He , also advised that no one be excluded from the society, of whatever sect or denomination he might be; but give every one an opportunity.J 11 J ff. 4r;n .w4i6 on mo jjuuu m laeir power, un this 1 : cnosen-presiden- -- .v-uuuu- . - . Whereas, The young gentlemen and ladies, citizens of the city of Nauvoo, are desirous of aiding and ameliorating the condition of the poor, and carry ing- - out the principles ol and benevolence, as taught in the holy scriptures, thereof be it, That we form ourselves into a society to be styled the" "Young Gentlemen and . Ladies Relief Society of Nauyoo," and that we be governed by the following articles, to wit: , 1st. There shall annually be elected by the society, on the last TuesdayJn March,a presi-- " dent, vice president, treasurer and secretary. 2nd. It shall be the duty of the president to preside over all meetings of the society, r 3d. It shall be the duty of the vice president to preside over all meetings in the absence of the president. "TTZT--- It shall be the duty of the treasurer to receive all funds of the society, and to keep a correct record ofjill thejeceipts and disburse- menta, also from whom received, and to whose benefit appropriated, and make a report of the same, as often as required by the society. . . 4th; It shall furthermore be the duty of the said treasurer, before entering into office, to give bonds to the amount of one thousand dollars 16 the society, for the faithful discharge of all duties incumbent upon him whichshall be lodged in the hands of the Trustee in Trust 5th. It shall be" the duty of the secretary to keep a record of all the proceedings of the ., XAJ tue saiius; lie uuu i jijjgut iiuve j gathered together a few materials for this pur: ' iourned"untiHhernex:t 'eaT'evemnffTv "At the next public meeting, the large and . i i crowueu assemuiy were aaaresseuj at consider- . able length, by Elders Jedediah M. Grant, Brig- ham i oung and Meber y. Kimball. The addresses were very interesting and highly im structive, as the breathless silence and deep at- - .tention of the audience attested. .L L"This is, in short, a history of this society," ' i--i - and benevolent societies in the Union. Throughout all of the meetings, the profound silence arid the best of order wa3 kept up continually. : . V 1 ' i , Be-solvc- t W fcSMAAVt UlUi . iiuiue umoug -- d . bUWUA "Irsuajjiii society. -- ; : . . . Cth.-Th-ere i shallannually be chosen a ttee o f vigilan ce, consisting of five persons,! whose duties it shall be to search out the poor of our city, and make known to the society the wants of those whom they, in their judgment, shall consider most deserving of our assistance. 7th. The society shall meet on the last Tuesday in each month, at G o'clock p. m. 8th. A special meeting of the society can be called by a petition of twelve of the members, to the secretary, whose duty it shall be to give notice of the same, by posting up a written notice in at least three of the most public places in the city, at "least three davs -previous " to said meeting. , 9tbThi3 constitution shall be lodged in the hands ot the secretary, whose duty it shall be to present it at each meeting of the society, and receive the names of all persons wishing to become members, under thirty years of age who can sustain a good moral character, and who are willing to support this constitution. com-m- A ds Walker, treasurer, and James M. Monroe, secretary. Stephen Perry, Marcellus L. Bates, R. A. Aired. William H. Kimball ranrd jar ret Ivans were appointed as a commitee of vigi lence. Alter some discussion the meeting ad- - y, ' ; -- two-thir- meetings. scarcely mentioned, and the Young PeopleV. .Meetings became the cheif topic of conyersa-- :r; : tion. .X - ;" disor-.derl- v refusing .a rules of the society, can be expelled at any regular meeting of the same, by a vote of the majority of the members present. ' ' Zith. in the even-- ot a removal, by deatbr uuaeuce ojl enner oi the oracerSi ul uiuiuxi-retu sh.au tho prerogative ot the society to appoint another in his stead. be subject to nth. lhis constitution-sha- ll an amendment at any regular meeting of the of the mem society, by the voice of bers present." 1ms report was unanimously adopted, and the meeting then proceeded to ' choose their omcers, William Walker was chosen president, Willialtt Sutler, vice president; Lorin , - the-cit- 1. u placeiS - AUAAVA : -gunty oi any iuuueujgjounu to cnnmlv tuitii conduct, or fcucicty, most searching manner; yet, contrary to the expectations of every .wie. thc house was ai most led, not only with young men and boys, but with the tender, lovely and beautiful females of our city. They seemed determined to brave every extremity of the weather, rather than be absent from the iney received sucn . good instructions. lhis.showed the good eilects which had al ready been produced by these meetings, and : cheered on the spirits of him who had just : commenced them, and had since been their Instead of the young people ,. chief promoter. spending their evenings at' parties, balls, etc.,, ... they would now leave all, and attend to their "At the next meeting President Joseph Smith was present and addressed the young gentlemen and ladies br some time. He expressed his gratitude to Elder Kimball in the strongest terms, for having "commenced " and carried on in so, masterly a manner the good and He said glorious work he had undertaken be would the means of it doing a great deal of good, and of benefiting his, young friends more than they .were aware "of: that the gratitude of all good men, and of the young people wh m he had so much benefited, would follow him through life; - and "when gray hairs should his temples adorn " he could look back with pleasure upon the winter of 1843, wheA he" was eDgaged in promoting the cause of benevolence, and preparing his y oiing friends for the glorious career which awaited them. He said that he stood before them with more II 10th,. Any person being a member of this 1 :. v' tmuuuuub J.I IUC . JUUIU .'l "I ' UUI If iui- iilUU . ... WUUIU - low this good example and iorra themselves into such societies, there would bo muclrless sin, ' iniquity, misery and degradation among the young people thah there is at the present day; Tf tv&anara v v - toaii VUIU Yr on manirJ OUUVI ) O neither would there - be as much immorality among the people. But on the contrary, -- peace, good order, happiness, cheerfulness and A V V." M . fcV oa ... AAALhlA A plenty would reign in the land, the Lord would Jook down from his holy habitation and smile upon us and bless us all." 1 m. Moneoe, Secy. : ' Tn hp. dnnfiniprl : The American "Woman Suffrage Assoc- iation will hold its Thirteenth Annual Meet ing, in Omaha, Nebraska,at the Baptist Church, September, 12 and 13, beginning its sessions on Tuesday, Sept. 12 at 12 and at 7:30 P. M. All friends of Woman Suffrage who are in sympathy with the principles and methods of the Association, arerespectfully invited to attend otate. and local societies are enauxiliary titled to send delegates equal in numbed to the congressional delegations of their respec- AYhere vacancies Uivestates--and-territorie- sr occur, they may be supplied by alternates from these localities, in attendance- - at - the convene tion. All members of the Association have a right to take part in the discussions. The Woman Suffrage Constitutional Amendment now pending in Nebraska gives the present occasion special interest and importance. Some of the speakers in attendance will remain and take part in the campaign. A full attendance of suffragists is earnestly requested. Every auxiliary State and local society is invited to send a report of its work, and to propose plans of action. Efforts will be made to secure reduced railroad and hotel fares; also hospitality at Omaha- during the convention, of which notice will be given hereafter in the - Woman s Journal. By order of the Executive Commitie, I Erasmus M. Correll, Pre. Lucy Stone, CAair. Ex. Com. v Henry B. Blackwell Cor. Set 