The Bights of -- the Women of ZionT anditha Vol. Jlightsrof-the-Woin- of-all- en Nations, -- SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNK 1, 1882. 11. APPRECIATION, Wells: To Mrs. E. B. Editor, tho Treacher and tho Poet, Must heroes bo Indeed; Mast dare to help tho right must aim to know it; - Tba pleasant one - to her husband, aud to work for .their mutual interest. lOnly-nbou- t xme ;mqnth of-- theirYeddedtfe had passed, when thev heard n. rnmnri.hat. n laia.n4)ioieasing to be - 8erGo4,4e-pmeK-t-e--the people, would hold a meeting .about a nrle antMnndMrsIfe j6tjmakcLthgrnJiijthelxr Mast speak their mind, must many wrongs decry; Must weigh their words most'trnc, Must hit tho mark, must hoist tho banners high, Of truth and justice too. - On freedom's heights must kindle beacon fires That all the light may see, ' Must thrill humanity, with such desires, That all may nobler be. : - . Trinccs, and presidents, and kings endeavor To guide the helm of State; -- The editors, tho bards, tho preachers ever-- Bear up tho social welghtr: -- Andwhosoe'er defends an outcast people Makes all the world his foes; And more than human strength he needs, to equal " -The power he must oppose. ' " But every ordeal hath its compensation, Tho cross must win tho crown; , And all are working ouTtheir own salvation, Who help the trampled down. The soul who would bo greater than his brother, ". Servant of all must be; '" Must o'en rejoice, to benefit another " ': "" " " ' ' ,"" tty his ability. r And happy must tbey.be, or man or woman Blest with the mind,'' the might -- ll . s ; ' 1. ly, and with a small company of Saints started for the land of Zion, the gathering place for people of God .The- - roads were very bad at this season of the year and consequently the ked moslrofM he timeM t$r you Home driving the team herself. Their faith nevclHvaY.ercii, but increased day by day. At Hunt3ville7 about one hundred miles from Far West, the. little : company- - of emigrants stopped for a few months. At this place there were several families o-f- the Saints. .Mrs. Home was here introduced to the parents of the Prophet, Father and Mother Smith. Father Smith was the Patriarch of the Church, and under his hands Mrs., Home received a patriarchal blessing, which gave her much comfort, although he toC her that she would have to pass through distressing, scenes ot afiliction, sickness, sorrow and tribulation; but. gave her a promise that the Lord would bring her safely through; Which she says has beeu verily fulfilled. At this place, Huntsville, on the 24th of July, shortly after having com- pleted this long journey in a wagon, and: driving her own team much of the way, Mrs.. Home had a eon bora to her. Her circumstances and surroundings were very different to what she had anticipated in bearing a family,, but her courage was equal to the emergency,, her heart was brave and her faith in God was. strong and enduring. . -- ng-hnsbant- 1 tend this meeting, and there they first hear the sound of the everlasting Gospel, its sacred--ruth- s proclaimed by Elder Orson Pratt; they ere pleased with his sermon, but little knew what would follow, how the whole course of their lives would be changed by receiving this great JighJL Another meeting -- was appointed at which Elder Orson Pratt stated that his -brother, Elder-ParleyPPratt, would preach as business called him away. Mrs. Home invited her father and he consented to go; when the time came he not only fulfilled his promise to attend, but took all his family with him. Mrs. Home was greatly impressed, and being Bible- - could-weconversant with-t- he appre elate the arguments Elder Pratt used. He told -them that an angel-ha- d appeared to :Josephrr Smith and restored the Gospel in its fulness. Mrs. Home's father was delighted with tidings and immediately left the Methodist Church and attended the Mormon meetings altogether, and, in short, himself and family were all baptized. It created quite a commotion among the Methodists, and every arguTo be Continued. ment possible was used by the ministers and r"; to - dissuade .. him -- and other mem bers of the family from accepting "the delusion." SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. Mrs Home was baptized in July, 1836, by Elder Orson "Hyde, and . ever afterwards her BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY". housowasji home for the Elders anda place : whero meetings were held. I will now begin where I left off. My father, Mrs. Home's first children were twins, a girl Brigham Young, George A. Smith and Amasa and a boy; the latter only lived a few hoursi Lyman were on missions preaching in the southWe mention this as an instance, which will be ern part of Illinois. The following extracts ' referred to again in connection with others of .are from a letter written by my mother, to a similar nature. father; it is dated: Nauvoo, Oct 16th, 1842. She says: - "We still enjoy i a comfortable In the latter part of the Summer of 1837, she first saw the Prophet Joseph, also Sidney Rig-- " degree of health, though iiths midst of sick--nedon and Thomas B. Marsh. Mrs. Home posand death. Sister Winchester told mo she saw four coffins carried by her house yesterday,; sesses a great degree of reverence for that which she in beheld the Prophet she one wagonthere are more or less buried. . is sacred, and when God for old of as women did,thanking every day. Almost every family on the db-- rejoiced Helen?-watch-- a fever. -r . the -- desire the privilege-and-thputed land - are sick-w- ith girlish last night where there were s even in heart, tb assoWte with prophets and apostles, one family all sick-- the woman nigh unto was gratified. ; She, says, "On shaking hands death. with "Joseph Smith I received the Holy Spirit "Sister Marinda Hyde b sick with chills and in such great abundance that I felt it thrill my Head to the fever," ' Brother Joseph and Emma were sick whole system from the crown of my when Bro, Brigham left. Emma' was brought soles of my feet. I had never beheld so lovely down nigtunto death; Bro. Joseph despaired of a countenance; nobility and goodness were in her life, he mourned over her and refused to be My husband and I accomevery feature. comforted. But the Lord has spared her life in to diff the visits their the brethren panied and she is now able to ride out . Joseph was erent branches of the Church then existing ' in Canada." obliged to leave her before she was able to sit The testimony Mrs, Home ha3 given here up. He has left , the place. I don't know where he is, but suffice it to say they hear from concerning her feelings when she first met hunhim occasionally, and all is well. corroborated been by Joseph Smith, has - "You mentioned my meeting you on your re- dreds of others, who have solemnly declared d such peculiar emotions' turarhtrmerHrball behappyif cir-that; they never-hacurastances will admit when meeting any other person,. as they ex"Our good, friend S. (Sarah, father's other perienced on meeting the Prophet and shaking as looked wife) 13 as ever, and we are one. You said I hands with him. This may be upon must tell you all my feelings; but if I were to a testimon v that he wa3 called qi Uod ana tell you that rsometimfelttempted anoVtrieoV-an- d endowed with superior power. feci as though my. burden --was greater The" Saints who had gathered U Kirtland . than I could bear, it would only be a source of were ab6ut moving' to Missouri; .and m the. Borro'v to you, and the Lord knows that I do 'Snrinf? of 1838. in the month of March, while not wish to add one sorrow to your heart, for; the weather was cold and disagreeable, Mr. be assured, my dear Heber, that I do not love and Mrs, Home bade farewell to their home; you any the.; less for what has transpired,. where they had expected to remain permanent y Ne'er, must they lower truth's colors iu disma'. Or. wear a mean disguise u No'er,ninst they shun tho thickest of tho fray, For there, their mission lies. ...... -- --t- he- No. the-gla- d i - , 1 ""TtajioTeitanftTr class-leade- rs -c whato'er is rlghti Such Is your lot; to cheer and comfort others; ' Nor should yon have to ask The staunch support, of sisters or of brothers To aid your needful task. v Is It not fit, that those who toil to bkss us Who, like tho working bee For others gather up, tho sweets most precious, Should have our sympathy ? ' , Many a mortal," bowed with caro to sadness V---' . : Unequal oft would prove-To useful effort, but for thanks and gladness Received from tricrida rtbey And this is our desire, to cheer yonr spirit; To yield you honor too; To 6hew appreciation unto merit, 'lLizzL For this His right to do. To help us all, has been your true endeavor, Sacred you've held your trust, And hence, wo hope you will be strengthen M ever, To aid tho causa most just. And may you still "tho Mighty One" rely on, , .", ;. To guide and crown your aim, And still may many honest hearts ia Zlon tflave cause to bless your name. Emii.y Hill AVoodmaxske. To help, ' - ; , -- ss of-he- ed at : ; . .. -- . , A REPRESENTATIVE WOMAN. MARY ISABELLA HORSE. Mrs. Home's early married life was serene and happy. The young couple were mated and worked together harmoniously, the "jfe performing the duties of a young farmer's" We, just starting out in life, without considering it a burden; no doubt: love lightened labor, not een accU9tmed to milking, t? and the various duties of a farm-housbut she sought with a good will to make her home a e, T. - ta-do- so -- , . i -- : 