WOMAN'S EXPONENT 122 -- SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. instead of fiction that I am writing, I hope to be pardoned for wandering back again to gather up life incidents. The Latter-da- y history of the Apostles, or the Saints in Commerce, might be read with profit, particularly by those who, in these days, may possibly think their lot the hardest. Then the world might well have called the "Mormons" people; wretched, ami a decrepit and dying-ou- t but their spirits' were generally buoyant even in the darkest hour the Comforter was with them. Though left as our mothers were, struggling with poverty, disease and death, it was wonder that, at time?, their faith should fail them. The husband and father called ito leave them in this sad and helpless condition, mot knowing whether they would ever meet again upon this earth; taking their lives in their hands, with no worldly compensation them'for their sufferings and the sacrifice of their beloved wives, children and homes, they went forth without purse or scrip to oarry glad tiding to the nations of the earth, where they would have to combat all the evils, the prejudices and difficulties with which the world was filled. What more could they do to prove their integrity, their zeal and sublime devotion to the work which they Truly "they went forth weepiug, bearing precious seed; but returned rejoicing, bearing their sheaves with them." The following lines are from a letter written by my father after a very narrow e cape from death, occasioned by an overdose of morphine, administered by a drunken doctor to give him relief. It is dated "Pleasant Garden, Oct. 24, 1837. It being truths al-:mo- st : of-rfer- bad-espoused- : ed ? My Dear Companion "Throii2i the goodness of God : I am per- mitted this morning to sit down to write a few lines to you, that you may know how I get along upon my journey. I assure you that it ".3 with trembling limbs that I do it, but to fulfil my word that I made to you I proceed." After giving the particulars concerning his suffering and miraculous escape (whicn have been published) he continues: "My courage is good, and has been ever since I left home Do not feel concerned about me, for I am in the hands of God. Never in my life have I undergone more in my feelings than since I left home about you and the children. Tell me all about them; how they get along. Tell William and Helen I think of them all the time; that I pray for them, and that I want them to pray for rae. Tell little Heber to be a trood boy, and kiss little David for rae. Be prudent, and take care of yourself. Give my love to all my friends. And now I bid you farewell for a little season. Heber C. Kimball." His next letter is dated Kirtland, Nov. 16, 1839; but being too feeble to sit up, Brother Dean Gould wrote the most of it for him. says: He "I. have arrived safe in Kirtland, but at the present time I am confined to my bed; have been quite low for several days, but through the grace of God I shall be able to go forth on my way rejoicing, to do the will of my heav1 have made enly Master. it my hDme at Bro. .John Young's, brother Bonds and Dean Gould's, and 1iave received the best of care, Last Sabbath Bro. John Taylor spoke in the iorenoon, and I in the afternoon; had very gol liberty: I spoke in parables generally, and some of them being so applicable to those that were before me;a judge came to me and wanted to know to whom I referred; I told him to no one in particular, but if the coat fitUd any one thy might put it on. "Some others of the brethren have preacbed and gave good satisfaction; but as a general some thing there cannot be a meeting without firm who stand dispute, yet there are some few In the faith. I am greatly disappointed; I expected to find the brethren united and enjoying the blessings of the people of God, but found them broken up and divided into several parties. "Brother Taylor has been sick several days with the ague, and the rest of the brethren have been quite unwell, but are now on the feel degain. We still, God being our helper, termined to press ur way onward. We' have but little means to prosecute our journey, but still we think that some of us will be able to start within a few days." He close? the letter with his own hand. He says: "You see that this letter is written by a strange hand. Bro. Bond and wife are true and streadfast; are much pleased that you are coming here. I have seen but few of the brethren, only in public; they have had several evening meetings. I have not been able to attend but one, and that was last Sabbath. I have got a very bad cough; took cold riding nights. I think I came near the time of my release when at Pleasant Garden. But be of good cheer, my dear Vilate, for this is only one more trial above the rest, so we have gained one more victory over the devil." In the suffering condition of the Saints who had sought refuge from the Christian mobbers of Missouri, and were lying sick and dying in Commerce, it looked impossible for their families to exist in their absence and under their impoverished circumstances. My father, Brig-haYoung and others felt that there would be no objections raised to their visiting among kindred and friends during their missionary labors in Europe. According to the following letter from father, dated "Victor, State of New York, Dec. 27, he and brethren left Kirtland on the 22d of November for Fairport, where they were detained until the 26th by a tremendous snow storm; took steamer and landed at Buffalo on the morning of the 27th. Took stage the same day and went to Batavia; staved there till the next day, and in the afternoon took the cars for Rochester. Father says: "When we got to Byron I got out and left the brethren, supposing Hall (his sister Eliza's husband) was living there; had not more than got out before I was told that he had gone to Rochester. I think I never felt worse in my life my anticipations were so great to see them; but I could not get away until the next night. Just at evening got aboard the cars and got to Hall's at eight o'clock in the evening; found them well and rejoiced to see me. fstayed there one week, and was confined to ray bed part of the time. I took cold on board the steam boat; had to take deck fare for want of means. The cold settled in my right side, and was so bad I could hardly draw my breath. Brother Thayre carried rae to brother Solomon's; found them well and glad enough to see me. Your letter got to Mendon about three weeks before I did. Sister Hall was at Solomon's, and advised him to take it out. He did so; they broke it open, but could not tell where I was, supposed that I was dead and had many bad feelings about me. There eems to be a great feeling of sympathy for us received J kindness 7:re from our great i i lends in jctor. Several strangers have called to see me and Lucretia (my mother's introduced me as her 'Mormon" brother. sister) They appeared to take a great interest in our sufferings, I h is seems to be the feeling of all candid people When I presented the presents you sent Lucretia, she wept over them, desiring tp see your dear face once more. Thev wept oyer some of your letters, and laughed at he All of our friends you to om krt ntxt Spring and make thti a m . -- v visit. Caroline (his brother Solomon's wife) says she will keep you tnree moutns or more, and all our friends seem to have the same feel! ing. They want me to go after 'ou, which would be a pleasure for me to do, but this will not do; for my face is turned thitherward, f0r he that looketh back is not fit for the kingdom of heaven, and you would consider yourself disgraced in the sight of God and man. "My dear Vilate, you know what we are called to do; we will press forward to the mark which is laid before us at the expense of all things. I was thankful to God to hear of your health, for I believe it is He who has raised you and the children up, for when I was in the town of Winchester, at Father Murray's, I had such a travail of soul for you as I never had before. I would go into the woods four and five times a day tojcall on the Father in the name of Jesus foryou.. I saw you in a dream in a sickly state, almost dead; I clasped my hands on each side of your face and raised you upon your feet. And since that I have felt contented about you and the children; but once in a while, being amon our kindred, it brings home back to me, and I feel a little homesick. They are all pleading with mejo stay till warm weather, on account of my poor health. A little fatigue brings me down again. Dear Vilate, I hardly know how to express my joy, but suffice it to say, on the first day ot the year one thousand eight hundred and forty I went into the water and baptized William E. Murray and wife, and they are rejoicing in God. The weather was as cold as it was when we joined ourselves to the Baptist church. They are very faithful, and remember you in their prayers. Your father says Gould can't begin to pray like theru; says it beats all that he ever saw. He has become firm in the faith and preaches it wherever he goes. He said to me one day, "Heber, I am as good a 'Mormon' as you are." He is a great advocate for this work, and seems uneasy here, and wants to go back to the West. Says he would not stay here if he could have all the town of Victor, for the people don't seem to him as they did. Your brother Gould and wife are about the same as ever, very proud. "Bring all the little chickens with you. Sister Eliza wonld like to have one of them come there and go to school. Sister Malvina would take one, and I will pay them for it. Now, my dear Vilate, you know this would be better than to have them strolling around the country. Take counsel of some of our fathers in Israel, and see what they think best to do, for in much counsel there is safety. As for going to Kirtland to live, as things are now it is against my will; for I had rather live in a cave, or be driven with the Saints every year while I live, and be one with them, than to have all the good things of the earth and be at variance one with the other as they are there. I had rather go forth amongst the unbelieving Gentiles, and suffer by them, than be among such people as those who have named the name ot Mormon. I pray my heavenly Father to deliver me from such while I live. If it be possible let the cup pass from me. Amen." My Grandfather Murray, though a believer in this Gospel, had not obeyed the ordinance of baptism; but when he went back with father to visit his family and friends, he could see the beauties of "Mormonism," which made him strong advocate; but he died there in Victor not long after father left him, and on his deathbed he expressed his sorrow at not rendering obedience to its requirements. To be continued. , The public schools oBoston emptor oi twelve hundred and Wfiom 198 are mn seventy-ei- x teachers, and 1073 are womwi. 