WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 031 SCENES AND INCIItENTS IN NAUVOO. BY IIELEN fMAIi WHITNEY. The following correspondence between my father and mother may prove interesting to others, more particularly to the ones who were connected with the Church in an early day and know something of its history. The first, written by my mother, is in answer to father's, and it expresses the joy;and consolation which nothing but this Gospel brings; and this is enjoyed Saint. by every true Latter-da"In every condition, In siekncsF, in health, y In poverty's vale, or abounding in wealth, "At home or abroad, on the land or the sea, As thy iV.iys ma- - demand so euccor ehall thy be." "Commerce, Feb. 2, 1840. "My Dear Jfusband: I have received your letter of January 27, which gave mo great joy; not to hear of your sickness, for that pains my heart, but that you have been an instrument in the hands of God of converting some of my dear kindred to a knowledge of the truth. Yea, I feel that this is a recompense for all my privations in having you gone from mc; for how great in the sight of God is the worth of one soul, I3 it possible that my dear brother has become a praying man? Do you think he has got the root of the matter in him, so that he will hold out to the end? If so, what an unspeakable blessing! You have very kindly oflered me the privilege of visiting my friends the coming summer; at the first thought my heart leaped for joy, but upon more mature consideration, I think perhaps it would in.t be wisdom. I should have to sell every, Sang we have to bear our expenses, and then to be vUting so louir with the children, it would U- quite a task; and if I should get ever so t'.icd of it, I should have mo Lame, nor anything to keep house with. I feel as you do about settling in Kirtland; I cannot think of changing my good ere for the society of those who are atneighbors variance one with the other. There is a perfect union here, and we have meetings at our house twice a week. Hut I cannot make mind what up I shall do until Joseph gets homemyfrom Washington; I shall take counsel from him. It will then be time enough to let you know. You will be so Ion? tr vrmr I much end, very fear that you will not get home next fall. The time seems long, and I want to hear from you often. I feel more anxious about your poor health; I long to get one letter that will not give the painful intelligence that you have been sick again. "William is very anxious to go East, and no wonder, for he has not been able to do a work this winter, and thinks he never day's shall if he slays here. I have been sorely afflicted with a cancer wart in the palm of bund, but thank the Lord it is now as well my as ever I often think that the hand is not taken from you, or we should all be well lor your faith would be but stronger; I have great cause to be thankful, for kindness and generosity of our through the we are made comfortable for food andneighbors wood - ,:, w riling, and wished the me to give Bro. Charles C. Iiiclt t0 me' 1 bn1Ul L . and thik Hotel; he paid my fare and said if I would suiy one week he would pay my bills. He thought me very unwise to go any farther. "Next day I took coach for New York- - .the fare was nine dollars. Went upon, the east side of the river, crossed the Catskill Mountains; took three days to get to Jersey City. When I got there I had not one penny left and they would not let me pass without pay in -twenty-five cents. I told them I was out of money, and there, was a gentleman gave me a quarter, and I crossed the river into New York at nine o'clock in the evening. Went to the Western Hotel and pawned my trunk for my stopping over night. Next morning went and founded Mr. Fordham, who directed me to Brother Parley's where I found Orson and Brigham; were all glad to see me. This was bunday and in the afternoon I met and preached to one hundred and fifty 0f the bamts It was a great pleasure to meet w th them; they were very kind to me, and gave me nloney to redeem my truuk. "I ate but one meal a ey are Our children talk the wU of hungry nor athirst. Ceyi b Vilate Kimball." The next received from father was dated fk' ftb: 19' 184- - He ys: is much better and good. I feel to press forward in themy spirit Jesus Christ. I am sensible that the Urd lm Zr "We returned to Victor on the 7th, and I left there on the: 10th, arriving in Albany on the 12th. Found Whjeeler there (a brother-in- and law) stayed with him that night at the & b7lTfe his much about their poor father, and Jura. They jom with me in love. rom your affectionate wife, ; try His Saints to the uttermost, for it seems as though the devil was determined to destroy my life and the lives of my brethren, the Twelve; but they all seem to have good courage as yet. Brother Brigham fell and hurt himself quite bad. but is" rpettingo better, and his health is'im ' ti proving. Brother George A. Smith has the chills yet and is quite poorly. Brothers Orson and Parley enjoy good health. "While in Mendon I preached four times, and had many calls to go and preach in other towns and places. Brother Solomon did not go to hear me; I think I never saw him more set against this work; I did not stay with him but four or five nights. The sun of peace did not abide there, and I felt greatly distressed while with him. In Victor I had several calls to go to Bike to preach. After being much wrought upon I consented; William and Mary went with me. We got to Adolphus He wet's the first day of February; I never saw a person more pleased than his wife was to see me; said she had been calling on the Lord that He would send me there. .Sunday morning we went to the Christian Chapel. They gave out an appointment for me to preach Monday evening; said they were willing that I should preach, because they were in such a cold state I could have no effect upon them. The house was crowded. My text was the Second , Epistle of John, the 9th and 10th verses. When I was almst through speaking, two of the ministers came crawling into the pulpit. I gave them permission to speak. One (a Baptist priest) rose up and found fault with me for preaching from the Bible. When he had set down I rose and answered him. Then one of the. others rose up, till four of the ministers spoke. I answered all of them, and they were confounded and began rather to make ridicule. My speaking once, caused such an excitement that jt took four to put it down; and their rising made it worsefor it opened the eyes of the people. I baptized Hewet's wife, and many believed. the 1 children forever , X'ratt nnfl ,. "f.r m,.ir "V1" the Lord and 7hT 'V' , "Brothers AVoodruff, Taylor, Clark, Mulner White and Turley have sailed for England ' 'Tell my dear little children that I am glad to hear that they are faithful to pray for their father." The following is from his last letter before crossing the ocean: "New York, March 5, 1840. "My Bear Companion: This day I received your letter of Feb. 2, with feelings of joy. f went to the office every day, and had nearly given up the chase. I feel thankful that you and the children are alive. My health is im. proving; i3 much better than when I wrote last. My labor is quite hard; I'havetogoto meeting every night, and don't get to bed till twelve or one o'clock; this overcomes me once in a while. The Lord .is here in this city, and the honest in heart are the enquiring way to heaven; there are calls on all sides to come and preach. We are to sail next Saturday for Englandv on the Patrick Henry, if the will. Lord We were disappointed in not goin? aboard the Garrick; they would not take any passengers, could make more to carry freight Owing to being detailed, we have Parley to o With us. I have received great kindness since I came to this city, and also my brethren. "You wanted to know if your brother William had the root of the matter in him. I can say, yes; I never saw one more so. You know that he is a man and has a mind of h own. He has a great desire to see you and kme you teach him of the things of the . I Want you to come and visit " W v,ui meuus, um i aon t want to settle in thf East unless timps rim You did not say anything about that littlf Wck-eye- d girl that lives with you. Tell to be a good boy, for the Lord will heal him. I feel that He will bless you all with health. Give my love to our little ones, and to Brothers Joseph and Hyrum, and all others who love the Lord. Your affectionate husband, v go-ahe- ad kiDg-darn- Wil-lisa- e in Rename 9f. a Hebeii C. Kimball." Witness the sacrifice and continuous of the servants of God, resisting and turning away from every temptation, and the allurements of a worldly nature; struggling with poverty, disease and death, and all the other untoward circumstances; traveling without purse or scrip to the nations and islands of the sea, to preach the faith and doctrines of an unpopular sect. Where (except the Mormons) are the ministers who have professed Christianity that have ever manifested such indomitable courage, perseverance and endurance for the sole purpose of preaching salvation to the honest in heart? The Twelve Apostles understood their grand and glorious mission, which had been given them by revelation through the Prophet Joseph Smith; and though conscious of their weakness, thev fnnrnrl nnthinP. for their strength lay in the arm of Jehovah though they were often brought to death's door, not- He was their refuge, and they rejoiced self-deni- love afll withstanding. XV-- J their hath no man than this, that a man lay down btf life for his friends;" and as Jesus said, "There is ho man that hath left; houses, or brethren, or sisters,or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands for my sako and the Gospel.but he shall receive a hundred fold now, and in the world to come eternal life." "Blessed is he that endor-ettemptation; for when he is tried he shall receive the crown of life which the Lord hatk promised them that love Him.'' " h . "'""rer urson were caned upon to vi u " band; but in two days after she and husband were baptized, and fosrteen others. To be continued. Ladies remember the Municipal on Monday, Feb. 13. Election al f I 