WO MA N 1 S E X PON EN T . 0 - ff 1 ? : ldejby toasts given .several "of .tKetHadiea-presentati- . . ; 1 &. -b- -- . i. nieir laitnrai labors. e n - t 15. y. SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO BY nELETMAT. e " 23d. WHITNEY. timent in me to publish extracts from so many of my parents' letters, and I will hero just say that i have not done so for the mere pleasure of rehearsing them, for I felt a delicacy in so uoing, ana naa it not oeen ior tne urgent request of others, who expressed their pleasure in readiug them? I should have ceased long, since. The correspondence from May 21st till June . 30th-,- 1844, eontainsome interesting " items, which will no doubt be read with ' unusual in terest at'this peculiar period of our history. It was understood before my father left for the East, that; my mother should accompany George J. Adam3 to Philadelphia, where she was to meet him,' and that I should go, too, if sufficient means could be procured. We were to start by the 1st of July.- - My mother, William and myself accompanied father to the steamer, and remained on board till it started. When we parted he said to me, "Come with your ma if you can, but I beg you not to stand in the way of her coming butfdo all you can to help her off." I Jhad a great desire to go back and make a visit ; besides, I wanted to see something of the world, and my ' feelings were sorely tried, as well as my weak faith ; in fact, I was considerably disaffected, and like many of our youth in these valleys; I imagined that all was fair and beautiful without, and that there my days would be one round of pleasures; at all events, I wa3 bound to go ..whenever my-- mother went. She was feeble in -health and one or more of the little boys were sick, and withal there seemed ah unusual gloom, or foreboding of something, they knew not what; The following I extract from a letter commenced at Legrand, Missouri. Father writes: " Although I bade you farewell this morning, no tongue could express my feelings. What a pleasure it would have been if I could have left you and the children well, and my heaven on earth in less confusion for my home is my heaven here ; but it was not so. How my heart beats with sorrow and pain ; I feel as though it would melt within me. Every thread and fibre in .my body feel it so keenly. It seems, sometimes, as though I could not endure the things that lie before me ; but God is able to do all things for us, so hold on, my. dear Vilate, for my sake and those little children that He has given U3. 0 how I felt when I left them I Before began this letter I left the boat and went on top of a mountain, and offered up a prayer to the Lord, that peace ' might be with U3 forever. " 22d. We are at the mouth of the Missouri river. I feel very unwell this morning-- did not get much sleep. I was conversing with-lawyer from Pittsburg till near twelve o'clock, and kid down on the table and took cold the , . . " I -- . It writeme; Tellher I Hali"TOtet'ocr7wEeni I get time; I think much about her. It is was Helye 0.1 into led last night. William bmith came on board before I was up . We have taken a boat bound for Pittsburg the best on the river. If I could lust look in and, say crood morning:, and seo that pleasant smiloI so often get, and those little children I so dearly love, what a comfort it would be. T hopo you will come with Elder Adams; start by the 1st of July, lest' the water gets low. Remember me to Helen and Sarah Ann Whitney, and tell them to be good girls and cultivate union, and listen to counsel from ' the proper source " then they will get the vie- -' 'By some it maybe thought an excess of sen . en--busines3 - nternal-exaltatron'hcxeaflerdberxherewxarcl t- an -- xo-eie- " . to-get-- 'Jlders d- Judire and by i Mayor , J enhinss .V . .1 C i m a. very uiner, ineiaay: nerseii responding Mr. manner. and, appymTTapprmaTive x Irs. Horne -have been married over forty-siis every "prospect that they and there years, MviMer-abier- -t their " gulden wed- -' ding-.. May 'peace,- prosperity, and domestic continue be their lot in life, and to, felicity - 1 count ;"alFthere is,ni among the ignorant staterooms were all fa 11 when we-g- o t on. The cm said he conversed was whom with Elder Pratt left hero one week ago , Elder I lawyer confounded, and that I had knocked ou all of Hyde has been gono some time. , We frel well his props, and he was almost persuaded. in mind. We went to sec JikW Christian he Lshould;votc-;i- ' NeDouglas tbis "morning ; ho was not well so We Xwas how. said the one of lie returned. JLhe nly time interview strangest "any " . with-these men is in the evening. : men that he had ever met. ow, my dear son, bo tender wjth your yJVM e431iller.and JDr, Young deliyereo! speecneg times on on. politics. It -- has "mother, for she is a kind mother ; be patient - board this boat, but all. good natured. This and mild, and use soft words. Also.be. kind --morning, we have taken the election, the dineranu me nine Doya ; ue a latner to iu : Fo esid ent candidates r for ent Pr J oseph them, and keep them out of the. wet, and take sixty-threfour and ladies for' Smith, good care of your own health. Tell Mary to gents; do the same. I esteem her as my own dauggents; for day, six ladies and twenty-seveVan Burentwo ladies and thirteen, gents ; for hter. iDo..iLOt-g- o. hungry, nor in want,- for I in. "Cassncrfor-Birn- yt ohnson. none tend that ; wofJ my family shall have what they need for their comfort while T live. As we have Calhoun, none. There are one hundred and seventy passen only one life here, so let us do good and serve Mormonism cabin the seventeen Lord with pure hearts, and speak evil of no gers, passengers. will-bis the topic this morning. I man. I have no fears but you will take good obliged to ' care of things.. I want you and Helen to 'stop writing for confusion. Home's birthday, an d a fee,, of her friends She IppiljKFeveninladieskefieHdence. vritll a very hand-- : 7.ome photograpOlbam, with the promise of a picture from each' cue of them, to iuakejhe group complete. Congratulatory remarks were now twelve o'clock, and we are going up to the -- Capitol." tory." He wrote"frornPittsburg, saying they ar- rived May 30. T They had had much peace. and - - . good: feeling, had preached four times between there and St. Louis, and conversed most of the time when .awake. upon religion and polities. When he left . us he had but fifty cents in money, and he sent us things that cost nearly twelve dollars, by Mr. Halliday, a merchant of Nauvoo. He wrote in this letter : " While at Cincinnatti I had eleven dollars given me, with which I bought the groceries, etc., which I sent you, so you see how good the Lord is to U3 all the day long. We held a meeting last night ;. 'Elder. Smith and myself spoke. We leave ' here at two o'clock for Washington." He wrote Tyilliam a letter, - ton, June .d, savinc-- " .We"arrived-:ithi3 city last evening just as the sun was setting. We stopped one night in Cincinnatti. In the at o'clock held a morning Conference, eight and left at ten. Those who were on board at Nauvoo came through with us to Pittsburg. They were very hard on U3 when we went on board, but after conversing with them became .very friendly, and said if that was the religion we believed they would bid us for it was what they believed. "We stopped one night at Pittsburg. Elder .William Smith and myself preached that night. Next morning took steamer up the Monongo-- . hela seventy-tw- o miles, then took coach to this, were twelve place days and a half coming. We put up at the National Hotel the best house in the city. This is where the Prophet topped wnen liere. .blder Wite and myself went one mile east of the Capitol, to one Mr. Linsly's, one of the richest men in Washing- ton. .His wife is a member of ou r church,-and-alsone of his servants. The old gentleman took U3 through his vineyard and garden has "all kinds of grapes and fruit trees. : He has tween two and three millions of silk worms- - it was a great 'sight. He is a friend to us and likes our doctrine.; When we left they invited us to come and make our home with themivhile J in the city. Judge- Douglas came in last evening and had a long chat with, us ; eays-- he will do anything for us that we wish will give us an introduction 'to several of the Congressmen Says there is no' prejudice towards us. in this place of any ac . -- ' dated-Washin- g-j 7 n God-spee- . some-be-for- e d, . ; o -- - to-da- y. "t. 13 - :- ".. The following from another letter, dated June 4th. Father says : ' We went this morn- he is from Alton, , ing to see Judge Sample Illinois. He appeared friendly while with him. There was another Judge came in ; said he, " Joe Smith has sent out fifty of his smartest men to preach his doctrine, and to electioneer for him.M Said he had heard some of them preach, and they were smart men. Judge Sample asked him if he had ever seen Joseph Smith. He answered he never had. " J uogd, he--i a smart man," said Sample ; " I have one of his 'views which is very good.". : Said he, "These men aresome of his (Smith's) . society." " Ah, indeed, are they ? Will Smith get any votes in Illinois ?" Said Judge Sample, " They go strong in the West for him," ; It is all politics in the East, Congress has spent three days on it ; but it seems' all stuff to me. I cannot take any pleasure in these things any more than I can in the religion of the sects. " I feel humble and to cleave unto the Lord.. I can bear testimony that He is good to me all -the day long. I suffer less from fear than I have hitherto done- - I feel different, and as though I had authority given me from God to speak as though I had been sent of God, and not as the, scribes. After all, I suffer these great men; still they know nothing of God; all they know is about the politics of this world, and what is that ? Why, it is like the sectarian religion,7 part true and part untrue ; but a little more not true than true." To be Continued. - Some statistics 1 that .. appear in the Fijaro showthe extraordinary. cosLof a war don daily papcrr Outsiders consider that a business of this kind is profitable to the owners of Journals ; but it is in fact, for the most part, ruinously expensive ; nor can the increase which may be presumed to take "place in the circulation of any possibility make up for the cost of telegraphic despatches from the seat of -' Just -- now," war. says the iTyaro, "by the uesu avuiiauie route, me -- onaon uumea iin "lirpayTeven shillings and two pence for their telegrams. The lowest average of the daily paper is 1,000 per week ; and the Stan dard account is probably much higher." The Egyptian campaign, teo, has been mtre than usually costly to the papers; for the correspondents have been prevented from telegraphing their messages in " skeleton " or condensed form; whence it is not to be wondered at that "a column of leaded messages in a daily paper, aver "ages from 200 to 250," nor that "had the Egyptian war lasted' a year, the total sum spent altogether, extra from ordinary expenses, would lave amounted to upwards of 50,000., -- . j 