WOMAN'S EXPONENT, that book in some unaccountable as a way,contained my destiny ! I held it by spell, Idea, that, last wondering what I, should do with it. At went my mind arrived at' a focupIaietly went to my own room, shut, and Jocfced the door, the spot where I wasacciistomed to offer up my book upon daily and nightly orlsoria, laid the the bed knelt down , before it, and asked my Father in Heaven, it) that book contained Truth that I might embraceif error, that I might reject it wholly and entirely. Of course my prayer contained more than this but my& memory retains only these two sections. I arose, and again took the book into my hands, and sat down by my bedside, my whole system in a thrill of sacred awe. If I did not fully realize that it was the most sacred, the most Important moment of my life, and that! eel sure that angels were around,and sustaining me, I could smile at the slow, and mysterious Way in which I so gently opened that little book, and peer e J into its first words. At last I had it wide open. I ventured to read its first letter; I breathed freely once again. I felt assured that the writer was a eervant of the living God ! that he was a noble man a gentleman-o- ne whose teachings bore the Impress of him, under Jtkpm he served, , and worshiped, and wrote, and thought. Every letter I read, I was the more convinced, the more eatis fled. All he wdd was so conclusive; I thought all was told: and when through I turned to the fly leaf, and enthusiastically wrote upon it, t(My Own, My and to Own!" Those words stand there vf, day I endorse them. The annotations and reflections of Cameo, on these letters are truthful, just, and appreciative; and I joyfully endorse every one of them; for they contain the language of my own heart. And from the moment I read those letters I Saint. "Yesterday, y became a latter-da- y Hannah T. ICinq. and forever." Salt Lake City, May 9th 18S2. to-da- y; to-da- AT REST. Died on Sunday morning April 23, 1882 at bis home in the Museum- building in this city, Joseph L. Barfoot, aged GG year?. JJrother Bar foot wa birn March 29, 1810, in the Fortress of Warwick Castle, Warwick, Ijinglaud. He was baptized into the Church of Jesus Chriet of Latter-day Saints, in February 1S5G, and was an acti ve missionary during the remainder cf his residence in London; wht re he had labored previously in .what was known as the "London City Mission," according to the best light and knowledge he had before receiving the new and everlasting Gospel. He came to Utah in 1865, and has ever since resided in this City. For some yeais past lie has occupied the position of cuiator at the Museum, which he was most qualified to fill. His genial and unassuming manner combined with his extensive knowledge of natural curiosities, and minerals of all kinds, as also of antiquities, rendered him of imparting information in such a way as to pleaie and edify all who called upon him. He was a man or uncommon talents and acquirements. He had dived deep into there-cess- es of science and stored his mind wtll with the treasure he had found In his careful search through the winding ways so 'few ever attempt to travel. His happy adaptation of subjects gave him the faculty of harmonizing science with religion which is not usual with men of great ad-nirab- ly ously 189 endowedlth love for his fellow men, was a philanthropist in the true sense oJLthe word: It was the great desire of his life to do good to mankind. Prof. Barfoot was royally descended, on his father's side from Robert Bruce, King of Scotland, and was heir to the JSarldom of Crawford. But worldly titles were nothing to him, his am. bition was to secure an imperishable crown, which be sought diligently and faithfully to obtain. His mother was Sophia Louiea Ridley directly descended from Bishop Ridley, who suffered martyrdom at Smith field, England; and from his mother he inherited Vis strong religious tendencies and unswerving faith in God. This great good and learned man was as humbi as a child, gentle, modest and yet noble, high minded, liberal and charitable to all. One may safely eay be was indeed a Christian whose life and example are well worthy imitation. The funeral of Prof. Barfoot, was held In the 21st, Ward meeting house, where eoraa of those who loved and respectedthis good man, assembled to pay the last tribute of rerpeot, to him who bus gone to rest from his earthly labors. Wreaths and bouquets cf flowers were laid upon his coffin, by loving hands; and all present felt to endorse the many beautiful testimonies given of this worthy brother. Appropriate hymns were well rendered by the ward choir, prayer was offered by Br. Tuddenham, and brief addresses were delivered by Elders George Reynolds, Junius F. Wells, John Tuddenham, H. Natebett, John Nicholson, II. Foulger, Bishop Thomaa Taylor, and Elder George Benediction by Elder Joseph E. Taylor. Much might bo ea'd and written of this wise and venerable man, that would be a blessing to the youug people in thU day, as well as interesting to all. Bro. Barfoot has been for years a regular contributor, to the Juvenile Instructor, has writen considerably for the Des-erNews and other papers and Magazine and occasionally for the Woman's Exponent in which he was much interested as he entertained the most liberal views upon all questions relating to the elevation and advancement of woman. May Our Heavenly Father bless his family and sanctify this bereavement to their good; and in the morning of the first resurrection may they be united again that his happiness may be complete, is the wish of one who cherished for him not only a great admiration of his high attainments, but a sincere affection and many pleasant recollections of his intelligent conversation. E. B, W. W. By-wat- er. et IN MEMORY OF. Died In Provo City, on Monday Evening April 17, 1882, of Diphtheria, Roy Daniels, fcon of Aaron and Caroline Daniels, aged 9 years. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. cap-abl- e scientific attainments. He was undoubtedly the most learned man In Utah, and indeed there are but few in the world who possesaBuch ti vast mine of precious treasure?, and are capable of utilizing them for the public good. Brother Barfoot was also gener On the Death of Roy Daniels, EHzi Gledhill, Mar'ah Tanner and Lilly Phillips, who died of that dreadful disease, diphtheria. Adopted at a meeting of the Primary Association of the 4 th, Ward, Provo City April, 22nd 18S2. Whereas God in his allwlss ProvlJence has seen fit in the la-- t year to call from our midst, our much loved little friends and playmates, Whereas their iabors in our Aiociation have been faithfully performed. We feel that some proper recognition of their virtues be bad among ;us; and, that we as members q the Primary Assoc'ation deeply mourn the loss of our little friends, and Resolved that wo emulate and follow their Therefore be it resolved examples of purity and faithfulness in the performance of all duty; and Resolved that we condole with each other In our bereavement, and tender a token of respect and love to their relatives and friends in the u affliction; and, Rerolved that we present a copy of these resolutions to their relatives and publish the iame Jn tho Ptovo Enquirer, alsj the Woma M' V foment, and place a copy on our recoiU, Friends will mourn, but this bereyearocut They'll endure; their precious darling that Knowing Are secure. Uko rosebuds yet unopened . They shall bloom, Whore no blight shall mar their freshuesB, And perfume. For the angels bore them, robed la spotless white, To their peacful noma of light, Jennie Snydeb. Martha Gledhill. Annie Smart. Wallace Haliday. Maggie Watson, Commltte. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolutions of respect to the late Sisters Mary Ann Leaver, who departed this life April 4th, 1882, and Sarah Ann Needham, who died Feb. 22d, 1882. Adopted by the Eighth Ward Relief Society May 4th, 1882. Whereas, in the dispensation of divine Provi dence, our late President, Mary A. Leaver and Counselor Sarah A. Needbam have been called to a higher sphere of action, and, Whereas, our departed Sisters were worthy of our highest regard, esteem, and affection, in which they were held by the Society, their and intimate fi lends; and, Whereas, it is our duty and privilege toexpress our apreciatlon of their many virtues and good qualities, and efficient services. Therefore, be it resolved, that these Resolutions be recorded in the minutes of the Eighth Ward Relief Bociety, and a copy presented to d the families of our esteemed sisters, also co-labor- ers pub-lishe- In the Exponent. Esther B. Fletcher. ELIZABETH BIRCH. In behalf of the Primary Asociation, No. 4 Mill Creek Ward, the following was read at the first meeting, after the death of President E. Birch. We meet but what a change. Since our last mooting, our dearly beloved President, has been taken from our midst. How we mlsa her sweet smiling face. She was ever kind and patient with our failing'. How it rejoiced her to hear our testimonies or whatever exercises we at tempted. The attempt wm all that the required of any one, although she waa delighted with success. Let us ever bear In mind her wise counsel; if we will, we shall meet her again in that blest land, where the weary are at rest. She never seemed so happy as while laboring for the welfare of her Primary friends. SUter Elizabeth Birch, was the daughter of Richard and Batty Hard man. Was at the time of her death aged 71 years, 11 months and 16 days. She had been a member of the Church, for ovtr forty years. She left two sons and a n and jarge number of grand-childre- great-grandchildre- n. V. May her rest be sweet and her reward glorious. Alice A. Winder, Secretary. 