W OMAN'S rE X P 0 N E NT7 14 "mmZ: A. AND PRIMA&T'- Reports. "A COfY, ARIZONA. MOAN The Relief Society of this place ized May 11th, 1 882,, ,uuder the direction of President Wilford 7oodrufF,'. with sixteen members, of whom five only remained at the end of a few months. Consequently we have accomplished but little. We hope to do better rrfutareTollIeigeTtlers have now moved in; wo were reorganized Ajril Gth,of the present year, by Bishop A. L. Farnsworth anajDpun-eelors- ; with the following officers: Harriet M. Gardner, President; Elisabeth JX; Gardner, was-organ- - . . - . CarfllinaYalkpr, Counselors; - Jilarvi. Farnsworth, Secy.: Annie E. Farnsworth. We - have twenty-on- e Treasurer. members. twelve ofwhom live near cnoucrh. together to- attend meetings regularly. We intend meeting once a month at present; working meetings. as often as necessary. We arc few in number, without either the affluent or the absolutely needy in on r ; midst. Our situation is isolated in the extreme; the country, for many miles on' either side of us, is an i rrcclaimable .desert, with this small oasis in the midst, where the people live by the blessing of the Lord, and . their own untiring jndustry. iWe are striving to do all the good we can among the Lamanites our mission acceptably before the Lord. We raise plenty of good corn here, but no small grain as yet. Tho climate is rather too warm for vegetables to, do well. But the people, in general, enjoy excellent health, for which wb are thankful. We have no regular mail here, and the nearest post office is seventy-fiv- e miles distant, at Leo's Ferry on the Big Colorado Wo have waited sometime for a -- favorable change in our mail affairs, and are -- urea or living without our invaluable ExroN now subscribe for two copies eot. Wc for our Society. Hoping ere long to chronicle something- more creditablerto" ourselves as a Relief Society, we remain-yosisters in the nd-fill -a- - - ur Gospel of peace. r : Harriet M. 7 Gardner; Mary A, Farnsworth. ' RICHMOND. Minutes of tho third Anniversary of the Primary Association of Richmond, held June 1st, 1882. President Mary Allsop presiding. Singing, "Gather them into the Fold." Prayer by Bishop Wm. L. Skidmore. Singing, " We are the chiidrenf the Saints." The programme for the afternoon was as follows: Isabella Thompson, V recitation; entitled : 'How to make Sunshine," by Reuben Traveller. Mary Thompson sang, a ng, entitloU'Swcct-hou- r of Prayerr followed by a comic recitation MerriIL Abba Burnham recited K Dedication to .Brigham Young." Anna Stod-- . dard-san"Joseph Smith's first prayer." Joseph Webb recited, "How to succeed." Lizzie Allsop recited, "Ourselves and our enemies " Alicottrowcr ChiIdrendo you love each other!" Marinda; Monson sang "Our Baby." Kccifcition by Lorin Merrill, entitled g "Grandma. Ehvays did;? read an orifrmal laie Thomson SHav7on "Brigham Youn" is a Jbavcn of rest But how much of this' glorious principle of union is there upon the earth at the present day? Dp we find it existing in the' assemblies of the nations; ia - Sister Hannah: Brower sang a sohgT entitled "Lines to Brigham Young;" composed by her-sel- f. President Mary Allsop read an original tssav, entitled "A play with the children." Sister Jane : Er Molen, President of the Primary Associations of Cache Valley, gave some very good advice. Her Counselor, Sister Adelin e Barber, also gave some good in-- ; structions. Bishop Wra. L. Skidmore, C. Hycr and'A. C. Brower each made a few remarks. Sister Myra MerrillPresident of the Relief Society, arid her Counselors met with us. A X-- -. , good spirit prevailed. Singing, "In our lovely Deseret." Benedica tion. by the children in concert. ; :. . -- .... the iamilycrrde, orj the seeds of rdesolation are 'in their ; midst, and the pation3 are sick; arjl .old dynasties are tottering to their: foundation; dissension, disunion and strife .prevail to an awful extent', and confidence seems ' almost a thing of the past, and there is .a fearful looking for!.thel things that are coming upon the earth. : Signs in the heavens above, and in the earth below; surely no thinking mind can doubt that we are - -- living in the latter days. . . . -- JButj?hat 2oplejS3teri&ld Jesus; of Him who'had not where to ynnuarreporii beglinlnFJune litt: 188IZanot "ending June 1st, 1882: Number of names en- - "lowly lay his head, and who said, if .ye7 are my disciples, love one another. z Who weDt-ove- r JerngalMn; because have would its he L gathered inhabitants ' and they would not. Are these same. Christian ministers faithfully warning the people? Are they using their, influence io bring about a better state of things?-"Ar- e they seeking for which that was lost, and striving7 to bind up that which was broken? Alas! No; too many of them use their influence to fan the flames of dissent and strife,-an- d S3IITU.FIELDl even: condescend to fab- -' ricate falsehood order in to bring persecution The yearly meeting of the Primary Associ-- r upon an innocent people, whose greatest fault ation of Smithfield; Cacho Co. was held on is that they are too united. Whatever may be of the Relief April 25th, 1882. ' made the excuse for the crusade against the, So"ciety sisters were present. During the meet' Latter-da- y Saints, this is the, real secret. f .It ing a great many encouraging and instructive isnotintJtah that Rev. Mr. Newman should remarks were given." SisterAdel ine Barber,' look for children born without homes or pares-- , in behalf of the mothers, presented Pres. Martha .Williams with a handsome hat and cape;, ' tal care. -- No, rather let him seek them where they will be found, in and around the place also read a memorial of respect, composed by honored the mothers for the Association, as a token of by his most profound- - teachings; where he advocates the bayonet "and the knife 4 respect and love toward her for her labors, as to be used against an innocent people, and she had been faithful in teaching their children where he dares to pray to the God of mercy .theJways of truth and righteousness. Prest.M. that the glorious . vallcys that the people of Williams, with a. . few appropriate words, haYG-ma- de Utah thanked all for the kindness they li ad shown btTfulTlamrihe neldrT" which waving grain, they have planted, should be wrested , from them and . be given to their On April 15th Sister Molen, Bishop Farreli him search where they, will b Let and Sister Barber being present, the Associoppressors. found in the sewers and cisterns of our great ation was reorganized, with the following cities in the east; where civilization reigns triumofficers: Martha Williams, President; Lillian Jones and Emma Farreli, Counselors; Emma phant. Let himrpetition Congress for special legislation to abate the social evil; and its memNelson, Secretary; Ghena Folsom, Assistant bers will find abundant use for all the time, they . Sec; Hannah Uhristensen, Treasurer; Ida F. can spare, and the philanthropy they are capable w Harper, her assistant. v of Sisters Williams, Molen and Barber, also Bp. exercising. Let him that is without sin cast the first stone, and Utah will be left face Farreli spoke encouragingly to the children. to solve her own. problems,, the parents to.raise The Primary Association of Smitificld U their own children; and the foundling hos- doing well, and great improvements have been mad'e since its first organization. , The children pital and the workhouse will be unnecessary - arid u nknown in their-midhave held three concerts "during thi3 year; also Surely the men who profess to be ministers of the Gaspel of paid $12.00 to tho emigration fund and havo whca t and bean3 stored 'away for a famine. peace must have mistaken their vocation, when The Association proves to be a they sow the seeds of dissension and strife; )ind blessingjo this instead of trying to convince those who seeN ward. A book of Questions and Answers, by Sister Snow Smith, proves to be a differently, and whom thev m&vima.innfi to be s help great in error, by ine divine spirit of love, stir up ' j to the President. instead, a spirit of hate and war. Yes, they Emma Nelson. must have mistaken their vocation and war . . Secretary. should have been their profession. "Ichabod ai the glory i3 departed!" mightbejritten on the - UNION. y very walls of the places .where they preside; for after all the fuss that has been made about What a glorious and eternal principlo is the sad fato of the women-a- nd children of :union! IIow much can be accomplished wherj Utah, they are beginning to admit that that this exists, whether it is in a a church is family, not the true reason they seek to . bring or a nation! If existing, in a nation, that natrouble upon us. It is our union that must be tion must, of necessity,:become invincible; for destroyed, and the question settled forever; just what foe could stand against a people of one Xis tnoueh it were a sin for a rjeonle to b& united- ,x wuueneu acuonr surely tnat i7 , when the spirit of true religion is unity, peace Ui mat repuoiic, would attain to and love! And the great fa'thers and founnonor and glory above 'all other nations or ders of our. own country advocated it above countries. When this spirit of union pervades alLother prindplestheywell- - knew the famiiyowlovely-it-mak- es to be derived from, its practice, and tharfamily" o matter how pear! rudely thecold winds could foresee the evils that would be" the result, adrerslty niay.hl0 or. what the outside indlsnnion: Then let usas of fluences may be, that surround in them, that not suffer our own union to be broken up; and home there is peace; and in that circle family rf trouble and sorrow, invade our ranks, let it rolled, one hundred and fo Average - attendance seventy-five- . 7 Is umber or meetings Financial report: Amou nt re- -' held, thirty-six- . jnaining in treasury 'from previous year, $5.20. Received during the year, from the members, 4.45. r $6.48. Total; .$11.(58., Disbursed, - $7.23.: - Amount m treasury,Makv A. Wjiim, Secretary Eliz ABETiTMKr.rjLL, Asst. Secretary. rty-seve- . n. . A-num- ber . -- , -- st. -- , - i ' ---- -- Tiow. ham Younrr" t.f7' the nni .t Charl'psSV?liM Ji.j Emmarivihlo-t- r n -- T.ifi" B? 4'0, Boatman, row stream." . Nellie Bullen recited, Jeais blessing Nettie Iwis are but I'll forgive you." J0U Ella Shcpard recited, "I'll . do a& Mother xlid Julia Olsea vug, "Tii miw2 day." MUli httle-childre- n." fc, , ; J"" -- -- f ltte ad--vanta- 