WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 163 i , ... tf And If, perchance, within tSe heart 8ome tender bud may bloom, That does not form of life a part, The soul should give it room. LINES ON A FRIEND. There was a day In olden time, a day to mo of rest; There was a day I'll bring to mind, that day to me was pray, I saw her moving through tho earth, her spirit led tho way. I saw her by tho bed of death, she wept with those who wept, I saw her by the little hoath, where friends and kindred slept; I saw her in the house of God, I watched her when she ... prayed, IVe joined in prayer, while with her there, and to her I havo said: Why hat thou left thy blcet abode, to dwell with man lelow ? Jler quick reply to me was this, to feelor others woe. Conldst thou not feel for others woe wltbia that blc6t abode ? No; sorrow conld not enter there, in presence of our God, Dost thou feel sorrow then like me, thou angel from the ' skies? O yes ! for I am mortal too, aud this will make me wise. In heaven my spirit was at rest, but there I knew no joy, For sorrow could not enti r there, t'was peace without alloy. Exalted beings there were clothed with Immortality; And to be like them I must take on earth mortality. My eyea are open now to see tho evil and tho good, And if the covenant I keep, I'll soon return to God; There I shall reign with kings, and qucens,andbo forever blest, A thousand years with Christ on earth a thousand years of rest; Thus spako the angel, bat Bho has gone; I soc her faco no more, But round me still tlsc memory clings and will forever-morc- . p. ii. r. 'TIS BUT A FOOLISH DREAM OF MINE. M. J. TANNER. 'Tls but a foolish dream of mine, As llcctiug and as vain As many a thought that passes by, And never eoines again. But Ohi so long I've held it there, Arid pressed it to my heart; Though other dreams may bo as fair It never can depart. Throughout life's long and busy day Its echoes oft will ring, And fleeting shadows pass away, As showers of the spring. Tho tender cords of love may bind Two happy hearts in one; But envy's jealous darts will find Love's labors all undone. The gilded walls of marble halb, To mirth and joy resound; ..But oft within the cottage walla True happiness Is found. It is not born of high estate, Nor yet of low degree; There's sorrow for the wise and great A nd sorrow waits for" rac. " Then let me cherish while I can The tender dreams of youth; , Tho ties that bind our earthly span, The Cowers of love and truth. " Then let me dream of lovo or fame, Or spring time sweetly spent; The leaves that in the summer came With April showers were blent, blest. I eawan angel here below, an angel from the skies; I 6aw an angel lovely too, that camo from paradise. No tongne can tell the ecstasy, no pen can paint the joy That filled her soul with pure delight, delight without alloy; The form was sculptnred by the hand of tho Omnipotent The spirit was his likeness too. Yet to the Earth was sent. I saw this personage in lore, with every lovely thing, I saw this personage enjoy the early flowers of spring- I heard with rapture, when she sang, I saw her kneel and crs. V If all life's hours were dull and gray, - Duty our only call; The birds of spring would fly away, And leave its crumbling wall, lis but a foolish jm ff i " It is not because we are such bad men but because we are teaching the word of the Lord. I hope the Lord will bless you in the good work in, which you are engaged in obeying the counsel , niclis given and the Lord will bless you id!" all ou undertake to do in righteousness. Love to all that are engaged in tho building up of God's kingdom. I remain your brother in the Gospel. f Frank H. Ssow, PRIMARIES IN ST. GEORGE STAKE, dream I ween, fleeting aud 60 vain; Bat as each springtime grass it grocn, It ever comes again. Bo -- LETTER TO THE PRIMARY. Kent, England Feb. 3rd, 1882. To tiie- Primary Association of Box Elder Stake. - Dear Brothers and Sisters, I feel as though I would not be doing my duty if I should neglect writing to you, after the great good you have accomplished, in sending for fhe poor Saints that are not able to help themselves. The little boys and girls in England, don't have such nice homes as you have. I have been traveling among the people of England for over a year, and I've often felt as though I could sit down and weep, when I see little boys and girls that cannot get enough to eat, and sometimes their mothers will go without anything to eat, so they can have something to give their little children. I've sat down at a table to eat after walking twenty miles, and I would look at the little children I could see that they were hungry; then I would eat but a few bite3 and tell the children to eat the rest. It would do me more good to see them eat, than for me to eat a dozen suppers. You little boys and girls have plenty, and if I should call and see some of you, you could give me something to eat and not suffer for it. One day as I was walking through the village, and thinking of the poor saints, I wondered what I could do that I might get enough money, to send out a little girl from England, and something said to me write to the President of the Primary Association, and see if she cannot get all the little boys and girls, to donate a few cents a week till they get enough to send for a little girl. I then wrote to the President and in about six weeks received an answer, saying she thought they would be able to send for a little girl or two, by the last com- pany that left Liverpool. Dear boys and girls you don't know how jpleased I was to sec the little girl leave England, and go to the land that the Lord had provided for His people to flee to, in order that they might be protected from the judgments that are coming upon those that will not serve Him and keep His commandments. The mother of the little girl that you sent for wishes to be remembered to you all, and she feels that tho Lord has blessed her in opening the hearts of the Primary Associations in helping her child from this land. Dear brothers and sisters you are now engaged in something that will prove a blessing to you on the earth as well as hereafter, for by sending for the girl you have been the raean of bringing another into the Church,so you sec you are missionaries. Fvo walked over four thousand miles in the past friends some year. I have found many kindhonest-heartearc but that are not of us, they been I've when delivering the word of God to the people, I've had them shut the door in my face, and say they didn't want anything to do with. the Mormons. While lam writing a sister ctfmes in and tells mo her husband has been scolding her for attending meetings here on Sunday. He watches her like a cat watchinga mouse, lest eho should see some of the Eldd, March 7th 1882 a meeting was held in the Tabernacle to organize the Primary Associa tiona for the Stake. Sister Julia H. Ivins was sustained and set apart as President; with Sisters Mary G. Whitehead and Annie C. Woodbury as Counselors: Annie M. W. Romney as Secretary; and E. P. Bently as Treasurer; were also set apart by the brethren, bisters E. R. Snow Smith and Zina D. H. Young, were present and gave much eloquent as well useful instruction. During the spring and summer all schools and meetings were suspended on account of the revalence of diptheria. In the early fall Pres. fvins once more commenced the work which has since grown in interest, benefit, and mutual pleasure. In the winter Sisters Ellen S. Claw-so- n and Aurelia S. Rogers met with the Primaries of this and adjoining towns and seemed equally as well pleased to meet with the mem- bers as we were to see them. The tSecretary A. M. W. Romney having moved to Arizona and consequently resigned Pres. Ivins appointed Susa Young Gates as Stake Sec'y. Our President is a live, active General over her little army of youthful saints, and labors in tho dual capacity of Ward Pres., and Stake Pres., verily; cheerfulness and energy are , uur ITOOdly possession., ann " ooiactjucxxuo Associations seem to grow more interesting as time passes on. Joint monthly meetings have been called by the Prc3. at which oftentimes tho Officers and some members of tho Wards 5 miles off walk over to attend. A Stake Fair is in contemplation for the near future and if energetic efforts will make it a success the Pres. and her able Counselors are sure to succeed. Our Conferenco has just ? closed. On Saturday the 18th the Primary Conference was held. It was the best attended of any of tho Woman's Conferences. Numbers of representatives were present from other wards and a most enjoyable time was experienced. The Primary of this 'Stake, I will conclude by saying is in a most excellent condition throughout. Your sister &c. Susa Young Gates. the editor of the "National Veteran" a new paper published in Mrs. Emily Charles is Washington. Tiie House passed the law allowing woman to practise as attornys at law in the United States. TnE Legislature of tho State of Iowa hav paettThrough both branches a bill granting suffrage to women from the Constitutional Committee. The bill reads. "That the constitution of the State be amended by striking out the word "male" from Section 1 Article 2 of said constitution and that the same be referred to the Legislature to be chosQu at- the next general election of members of the General Assembly and that the Secretary of State cause the same to be published for three months previous to the day of said election, as proried - bylaw." 