s "woiAi ;eipoient. The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 10. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY 15, 1882. t OURSELVES. How kind of Father, when he sends us hero, To give each traits of character that find The greatest satisfaction in the sphere Tor which HU wisdom hath this life designed! Led singly, or by sixes, or by twelves, It matters not, we trudge or glide along ; And all the while, would rather be ourselves, Thun others in the mighty, rushing throng. Sometimes we take missteps in starting out, Or are misplaced by circumstances 6trange; And some for half a lifetime grope about, Before they reach their being's natural range. And others die, nor find the way at all, Until they pass beyond the shores of time; While others still, despairing, yield and fall, Or stubborn grow and turning cease to climb. And some encourage feelings which conflict, And seek'no settled aim, or real intent; And some are critics, who will contradict The plainest truths, for sake of argument. But still, I think that more than half our raco Would grant that what I said at first is true; That each would rather stand in his own place, Than any other that he ever knew. There was a lady very, very old, Much had she suffered, much hard labor done; She suffered still, and yet she often told, She would not change her lot with any one. She had not known the sweetest joys of life, So we would think, who dote on wedded love; But the meek cares of mother and of wife, Her great experience she classed above. - And so I say, by sixes, or by twelves, Or singly led, we envy not the rest; Bat feel that we would rather be ourselves That Father knows, and plans, and chooses beat. S. L. y City, Jan. 19, 1882. SOME MORE FACTS. Dear Editor: I have just been reading No. an article in 16, Vol. 10, of the Exponent, entitled "Some Facts," by Emily Scott, and it is so refreshing to hear from an honest heart such as the lady manifests, that I cannot forbear writing a few of my sentiments, although I do not propose to answer the lady n full. Now, to be as honest as she has been, I will say to begin with, I am not in "Polygamy," as the world term it, myself, but owe my existence to it, for I was born in the order of Celestial Marriage. Do I feel ashamed of it? No; let the whole world hear me say it, No ! I know that my mother is as pure a woman as lives, and my father was an honorable virtuous man, in fact, a true man of God, who would have recoiled with horror from a sinful, licentious act. Are they the only ones of this description who have entered that Order? No; thev can be counted by thousands. I do not claim, however, that there are no exceptions, but the great majority who have accepted that principle in their lives are pure in the sight of God. It is now as it was in the days of Jesus; in casting the Gospel Net into the sea of humanity we gather of all kinds. Now, we will lay aside the fact that my husband has no wife but myself, and I would not be considered a good judge, not having had the actual experience; yet some of my most intimate friends are living in that Sacred order. Have I ever witnessed any quarreling . or unpleasantness in these families I speak of? No, never; they live in perfect peace and love one another with a sisterly love. Perhaps their ideas conflipt sometimes, and would this be strange when we consider they may be, and many times are, of efferent nationalities, and have been reared with different ideas, traditions and prejudices? What families in monogamy do not sometimes disagree? even those who are counted perfect models; not only considered so, but really are. I have seen grown brothers and sisters disagree, and even quarrel, perhaps not speaking pleasantly for some time; but this was not thought much about. Had the same thing occurred among wives belonging to the same husband, what a talk it would have made; Polygamy being condemned a3 the cause of such unpleasantness. Those not of our faith would" have published it far and wide. If sisters can forgive and forget little weaknesses that they see in each othef, surely wive? in the same family ought to do so, lor in one sense of the word they are one. The same ceremony that unites the first wife to her husband also unites the second to him, or any number he may take, each one being made one with him. I believe I speak the feelings of thousands - in saying the Mormon women are happy; in faef, we are, I am sure, the happiest people on the face of the earth. We do not have to suffer the mortification of having babies laid on our doorsteps belonging to our husband and some woman he has dishonored, his partner in guilt; neither' do we have occasion to suffer any misgivings should our husbands remain out at night a little longer than usual, for we have perfect faith in their virtue. The record Saint women proves made by the Latter-daweak minded, but the very that they are not opposite "of this. The Priesthood of God teaches them to obey their husbands in the Lord, which means that men who are good and pure have the right to govern their families in righteousuess, for "man is the head of .the woman," as the Holy Bible also teaches. But if they should commit adultery, or debauch themselves in any manner, then it remains with the wife to say" whether she will still be one with him or not; for according to the law of God she is free. He has, by his own conduct severed the marriage tie. For myself I can say, T do not know of any young wives who worry about having children; on the contrary, I know of some who would give the world to have more, although they already have a nice little family, which many of our Gentile sisters would consider quite large enough. Not so with us; we are taught that our children are our glory, and that they are indeed an "heritage of the Lord." We know the world hate and despise us, but our Savior said, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and say all manner of evil against the you falsely for my sake," &c. in eading for forward remedying different bills brought of a am reminded I song we evils in Utah, which ran used to sing when I was a little girl, , as follows: 'There's great commotion in the East About the Mormon question; The proLlem is, to say the least, Too hard for their digestion." which sentiment, I think, would be quite appro- priate now. I . would like to add my testimony that this No. 18. problem of "Mormonism" will never be solved by man, unaided by the Spirit of God, neither will it be injured by any adverse legislation that may be adopted for the purpose of breaking it to pieces. It is God's work, and they who undertake its solution are measuring arms with the Almighty, and they will find, sooner or later, that there is a fearful odds against them. And this work will continue to roll, until it fills the whole earth, and there will be no" other way found to purify society and, elevate women to a higher plane, except through the much hated principle of Celestial Mar riage. Respectfully, Tiney. TALK. Isn't it invigorating? Don't you feel this strong wind of opposition blowing in your faces with refreshing zest? How the wind does howl, to be sure! And around every sectarian corner, what gusts and tempests sweep ! And isn't it good to sit under the donfe of Truth and know that the door h bolted by the arm of God, while this opposing element sweeps and surges without? This moral showerbath clears off the atmosphere, so that I wash my dishes with fresh spirit, and sweep up the floor with a dash. The old meeting house bell rings out with a vigorous call, "Come to church, come to church, the End i3 near, the End is near J Pray to God, God will hear!!" And the papers, filled with Congress bills" and caucus meetings to crush out the work of Christ, sends the blood to my heart with a, mighty force, the sparkle to my eye3 and the nerve to my arm, until I feel as President. Young did in '57, when the memorable Peace Commissioners' meeting was broken up with tho news of the advancing army Sisters, sing Zion ! i IIOilESE , Mme. Peeree has been admitted to practice as a Doctor by the medical faculty of Paris, after a successful examination She is married, the mother of a family, but having been successfully treated by an American woman M. D., during a severe illness, was led to the study herself. She is said to be the second French woman who has sustained a doctoral thesis before the medical Faculty. Ex. ,IN MEMORIAM. Little Junius, how wo miss yon, Since you left us hero alone. (b, the houso it eaems so lonely, Now our darling June is gone. Mother's pet and grandma's darling Always was our constant care; Bat now he has gono to heaven; Do they call him Junius there? Ills loving father kissed those Hps, As in Death's embrace ho lay, And he, too, has now departed-Toge- ther they arc laid away. Wife and mother are so lonely Since they both are In the tomb; They may call and they may beckon, But their lored ones' cannot come. J. Powet.iv 