r '? EXPLANATORY LETTER. Snlf T.l--o fW fionf 1 ftftO - . r, . 5 JSAFONE NT. aUgnU-TJje- t . Tiniy-iirTnei- Interim - inescrana men go on V, wish to correct vou on one nninf' vWom you sadly misjudge us as a people, we do not consider all wicked who are not members of rincluded, whenwmca -m- know how, ..according mind to forsake the world and walk therein. It will not endanger your health in any way, but will lead you on to life,: life everlasting. The angel whom John the Revelator saw, has indeed flown through the midst of heaven, with the Everlasting Gospel, and has delivered the same to Joseph Smith, the unbelief of the world to the contrary notwithstanding; and thousands upon thousands can and lo bear testimony to that fact, by the gift and power of the Holy Ghost, which was conferred upon them by the laying on of hands "after their baptism, by those holding authority to administer the same. Do you remember Jesus asked Peter who he, Jesus, was, when Peter answered, "Thou art - . beino-vexed- . Latter-day-Saint- s. e - " 1 - of-thrpo- wer 1 . ain well-wishe- -- r. r lor a enwould-visithisurrcouiitfy errand rallv of the Liberal farce, unci tn j before the people the platform adopted by their Party. Thursday morning, the 25th inst. as per announcement, Messrs. Van Zile, Hollister, and others were met at Weber Station, on their -- iney possess, such are not we speak of the wicked But 'we do expect that many will flock to Zion (this people) when God's judgments are stalking abroad in the earth, thi h. rag the only place of safetv. and this th nnlv rvjc..nuu..ttin uut va at war one with another. as you did, you could not unuerstanaing-m- e we are an unjust, illiberal people,when exactly the opposite is the case. I would shudder at theihought of any suffering, who did not justly, truly merit it, even then my sympathies would be aroused, although knowing it to be just. You desire that faith in, God that your ohildren have in you. That is exactly the faith possessed by the We fear no evil that threatens U3 as a people, for we know that God rule3, that He holds the destinies of nations in his hands, and He will take-carof his Sain ts lor He has declared that to be hi3 business. I- for one can assure you, without a doubt. that you will find that faith you seek, by yields ing obedience to this Gospelorjyaliydoes : make us" look up, and fills our hearts and lives , full of melody,.thanksgiving and love. Why, 2 there are no other people who know how to ' ' " " love as we do. and I will tell you, as a proof efficacy of this Gospel over the live3 of the people, that it is a rare thing to find a dishonest, wicked young person, among the children of the Saints, as our statistics will show. I would nof fear receiving an insult from a Latter-day Saint, should I meet him a thousand miles from every other human being. In fact' Tnever heard ot such a thing happening unless it was from an apostate in spirit. No other Church could say the same of all it3 members. Praying that God will inspire you with his Spirit, that you may comprehend the things of hi kingdom, and that I shall One; day; meet you in the "valleys of the mountains," your true friend and Mary A. Freeze. jmyjdeajlrsjjt Since the storms subsided, and fine weather set in, the potato crop and the threshing of grain has kept men women and children very busy, but not so much so but we Jcould attend to our Relief 'Societies and Y. L. M. I. Conferences and enjoy them. The sight of so many topersons leaving their daily labors, to meet gether to express their gratitude to their Maker, and unite their efforts to benefit each other and mankind at large, is one that ever fills my soul with emotions easier understood -- ' than expressed.- took some powerOf course you know that it ladies the to call ful argument and reasoning, - t- and of Morgan, from the work-stoveto the stage of political lore; our lords of creation having carried on things in a man- and conscientious," we ner so straight-forwar- d did not think it necessary for us to mix up with y that we have politics. However we find not awakened to our sense of need and duty one hour too soon; as the opposing element which has been smouldering for years in our which large cities, is now assuming a flare up, s, to-da- work-baske- ts, ' return from Coalville, by Registrars Peterson and meer--t wolieraTties7" but the assemblage did not appear large enough, and although -- invited to" partake of a breakfast prepared in their honor, the Liberal -- lfJ visitors decided to proceed to Ogden for breakfast, but the blame will not lie at their door. The. use of the school, house had been granted tjiem, in which to rally, and deliver their patriotic (?) speeches; but after waiting in vain for an audience, they adjourned to the R. R. Station, where a few railway employers swelled their numbers. Mr. Van Zile relieved himself of some of his spleen, by the delivery of his usualL bosh,viz., accusing religious, authority, . "orlhe priesthood for everything that'did not suit him, especially the absence of an audience to listen to his oratory (?): So much for the consistency and liberality of the Liberal Party, and the good hard common sense of the;; not choosing to hear themselves Morganites-fo- r .' , abused. , when as per announcement the Hon. John T. Came, S. R. Thurman, Judge Dusenberry and James Sharp, arrived thev were met by many of our prominent Jadies and gentlemen, and were escorted to South Morgan preceded" by D. Bull's Brass "Band. After partaking of dinner, those gentlemen repaired to the school house, which was crowded to suffocation. -- The people felt, amply repaid for leaving the potato fields and threshing machines, to hear the able, eloquent and patriotic speeches delivered by the above named gentlemen. Indeed it was a feast fit for intellectual kings and queens, that exposition of good sound arguments and noble principles, couched in terms that displayed patriotic enthusiasm and astounding oratorial ability. The Brass Band discoursed lively music and the audience demonstrated their appreciation by loud cheers , ' v - To-da- y, -- ' ' -l--; NOTES FROM MORGAN. q .and-Shurtlif- and-"appIaase.i--- -- ed U3 0i?i33weltaslhey .' assure you tttatJlMorjomii ismTrii &'sure stepping atone, there 13 no danger in that path, should you once make up your con-Yinc- has sent its crackling sparks to adjoining settlements. When I talk, of opposing element, I. mean those discontented parties .who are never endeavors to makft-nthpr- a would miserable, and who scarcely appreciate wealth, unless acquired at the detriment of .others. For a week pa3t posters have been put up in the neighborhood of our R. R. Station, where all our commerce also lies, to notify "the public, that Judge Van Zile, and other gentle- - our church. ' We know there are not of us, who are honest' uprightthousands, rmoTilp. . ' .iLu I interested in you, and believing you to be "honest in heart," my anxiety is great that you may know and comprehend our religion as it really is, in all ifch fulness and beautyJBeing, "bom and reared under the auspices thereof, I can assure you that 1 have never heard a word uttered, by way. of counsel or instruction, neither in public or private, by any of our Elders or ministers, but has been calculated to elevate and purify mankind, and can also . the Christ - the Son of the living God," then -Jesus said, "Blessed art thou Simon Barjona, flesh, and blood hath not revealed this unto thee, but ray Father who art in heaven and on "this rock, (the rock of revelation) will I build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." We claim to have that same Gospel which Jesus taught, founded on revela- tion, and should not dare teach any other, for fear of coming under the curse. One of the greatest proofs we have of its being the same, is that the signs do follow believers-a- s they did anciently. Paul says "One Lord, one faith and one baptism." The gospel he preached was faith, repentance and baptism, the laying on of hands for the conferring of the gift of the Holy Ghost, with these signs following believers. "In my name they shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues, lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover,, etc Now! we positively know, we have that same Gospel Paul preached, because the same effects are made manifest that .were realized by. believers anciently. I have seen the sick healed, through the administration of the Elders, when death had laid hold upon them, have heard speaking in tongue?, and the interpretation - thereof. Now, there are none of the various sects of the day who make such professions, therefore cannot consistently lay claim to preaching the Gospel taught by Jesus"and his Apostles. Jf you will read the 3d chapter of2nd Timothy, you will find a perfect descripton of the state of affairs, existing at the present day. Should you repent and be. baptized and have hands laid upon you for the reception of the Holy Ghost, by those haviny authority, that Spirit would reveal unto you, and make plain' every principle of our religion, Celestial marriage included. : : -v I am not surprised that the chapter you mention, in the Book of Mormon, should puzzle you. Yet it seems to me that the clause. "But if I will." saith the Lord, "raise up seed unto me, I will command mv people." settles the whole question, however, that is not the most prpntaule subject for you- - to study. The first principles of the) Gospel should engage your whole attention at present. If you can be that God has spoken from the hearens, .05 .vwjjui, From Urn ! you a private letter, thinking I ' cannot do justice to my feeling3 publicly. Being deeply if -- nnrfprcf anHmi. I have conceived an earnest desire to write Li k A all else will becom Alain 4ix -- D.eaicJIr? zBcpTfi fJ tr y A light was beaming on the countenance of all, the light of the fire which burned in the bosoms of the" heroic Fathers of 1776. May that fire spread until it fills the universe is the wish of your humble servant, E. C. E. Franci. Oct. 2fi, 1882. -- T Gov. St. John says: Men say it will degrade woman to yote, but they can see her wash all day to support a vagabond husband who sells his vote for a glass of whisky, and never think of her degradation. Ex. A J3iXTEENTHamendment is pending in the United States Congress, and will be acted upon the coming session- .- The following gentlemen, candidates for Congress, are favorable to it, and should receive the support of every suffragist, Hon. G. S. Orth, JIon. R. B. F. Pierce, Hon. Stanton J. Peelle and Col. Mark L. DeMotte. A correspondent says, "I am a Democrat, but Col. DeMotte will get my ballot, because he is a prohibitionist, a suffragist and a Christian gentleman." Voters! break away from party" rings andsend men to Congresswho represent the best principles. Ex, . 