TOTOTEX P 0  N E N T. The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 15, 1882 10. AFFECTIONATELY ADDRESSED SISTER S. M. KIMBALL. TO Viral Viyal health returning Fans thy cheek and lights tbin eye! . And right glad am I, discerning Cental vigor, too, i3 nigh. Treasua-- friend, my heart rejoices You're to health again restored; In my eoul are grateful voices, God our prayers has not ignored. d eighty-twOn this flret day of I would call a blessing down, Asking life may come to you, o Adding jewels to your crown. Cast aside each load and fetter, That would chill, or bring regret, But in wisdom grasp the' better Part that life has for you yet ! Well yon know that God is with you, Well you know Ile'll not forsake , Oh ! then nnto yourself be true, And every bond and shackle break ; -- And walk as in the light of heaven, leave the earth and earthly things, And the sublunary leaven, That depression surely brings ; Loosely sit to things of earth, Lay your heart upon a shrine Where no dross, no death, no dearth, lias power to crush that soul of thine There is work for you to do This you know as well as I Let the future tell of you Deeds that time will e'er Viva ! born in that Order, even such as has not been known among the children of men, for the reason, that there is a greater work to be done in the last days than ever ha been done before in the history of the world. The wicked who are plottingagainst us have no more conception of the purity of motives, of the men and women who enter Plural Marriage, than they who dwell in the infernal regions, know of the feelings and desires which actuate heavenly beings. They judge us by the thoughts and desires of their own corrupt hearts, whose imaginations are evil continually, and it is a noted fact, that the most corrupt and licentious are the ones who are the most bitter against us, and who propose the severest measures to do away with our peculiar marriage institution. That one fact should be a great proof of its purity and truth, becusejike cleaves to like, and if it were sinM in its nature the wicked would love it. They do not labor so hard to do away with the Social Evil, with all its train of crimes, because that accords with their desires and practices giving full license to their unhalloued appetites and they will license that which degrades woman and shortens her life, while they would even use the sword to. compel us to abandon those principles, wlwch are calculated to promote life, health and happiness and people the earth with a superior race of beings. God has implanted in the heart of every true woman a desire to become a ,wife and mother, and it is her inalienable right, but according to thesta-tictiethere are so many thousands more women than men, and because of the proscriptive laws enacted by men, it is impossible for that righteous desire to .be gratified, and there are thousands of women who go to the grave unmarried, and many thousands more who are ruined and forsaken to lead lives of shame and perhaps die in the street, who would love home, husband and children, as well as you or I, and would make as good wives, if that sacred right were only granted them. Let the young ponder upon these things, and the Spirit of God will bear testimony to their spirits, that they are true, for just as sure as God has spoken from the heavens in this our day, so sure is Plural Marriage one of the principles He has commanded his children to obey, and none can disobey it, and be exalted in His presence; He has spoken it, and His word cannot fail. Many profess to believe in evry principle of our religion. Plural Marriage excepted, what an inconsistency ! believe that a man can be a prophet of God and yet practice sin ? i could believe no such thing. It must either all be true, or all false, But we know our religion is true in its entirety, because the fruits thereof are peace, joy and happiness here in this life, and the Savior said, "a tree is known by its fruits, men do imt gather grapes of thorns nor We the daughters' of Zion fisrs of thristles." are going to step forward, and stand side by side with our brothers, in upholding every doctrine of our Church, Plural Marriage included, and we will say to our sisters 'come share with me, ray husband and home and we will love each other, and labor for each other's welfare as we do for our own." We will show to the world that we live in that order from choice, not from compulsion, and we will continue to bear testimony that God's special blessings, rest upon'those: who are striving to live that Holy Order in purity, before Him. s, ; dfy. Viva! God now sends yon to dwell ; Longer yet ith-uAngels from Ills Courts defend you. Viva! Viva! All is well. I s Hannaji T. Kiso. January 1, 1882. THE PATRIARCHAL ORDER OF MARRIAGE. As the Leaders, or authorities of our nation are seeking to bring us into bondage, except we repudiate that sacred and vital principle of our religion, viz., Plural Marriage, I feel like taking up my pen in its defense, knowing that God has revealed it to, his Saints lor their exaltation and also to purity the earth of the evils and abominations under wuioh it groans, at the present time. There is a disposition among some of our young people to deride and 'deny the divine origin of that principle; trying to make themselves bejieve that man was the originator; Satan is putting these thoughts in theirNninds', that he may gain power over them and thereby use them as his tools in warring against that Order, for he ha'ea it, because it came My rora heaven and is calculated to redeem mankind from their low and degraded state, and loosen his power and hold upon them; and because God has designed it as a means thereby He may raise up a righteous seed in the earth, that those noble spirits which He has held in reserve, may have pure tabernacles, that they may come with their heavenly and war power, against sin and wickedness, even until Satan and his emissaries are bound soThat they have no more power over the Saints. For there will be a miShty; power wielded, by those who" are Maby F No. 16. SOME FASHIONABLE DOINGS. An elegant residence on one of the fashionable streets of was the scene, within the few of a days, past party given in honor of the young Miss of the household, who is just entering upon the giddy walk of a fashionable and aimless life. This girl is not yet out of her teens, and were she a member of one of the old English households, she would still be in her pinafores, with her mind occupied in useful study, carefully chaperoned by an older and wiser head, until such time as her mind and b.ody were mature enough to be trusted in soThe father and mother of this girl are ciety. considered people of common sense, and would be surprised indeed if society should call them to account for indiscretion, to say nothing of wickedness; in their influence on the young, people invited to be their guests on the occasion of their rec?nt party. But if reports are true, and they are certainly very reliable, the conduct permitted at this party was such as to make every mother blush who allowed her son or daughter to participate in the festivities. Notwithstanding the fact that nearly every boy and girl present were under twenty years of age, a room up stairs was set apart by this model (?) mother, this aristocratic hostess, for the purpose of a general smoke. Cigarettes were furnished, and both boy3 and girls repaired thereto and smoked a la the lowest den in the lowest part of a city. Only two present, a young lady and her eaoort rvno3 fry jum the upstairs company, their disgust being so great that they declared, "If that is society, I is much that more There want none in mine." might be said upon this subject, and there is much more that some parents in might is too before see and it well open their eyes late, with reference to the conduct of these boys and girls who are "Germanizing"-thei-r winter evenings and their morals away. One thing is certain: when people pretending to social standing will set apart a "smoking room" in a private house on the occasion of a select party, when they allow boys and girls (and it is no worse for the one than the other) to' repair to such a place and disease themselves with poisoned cigarettes, something is wrorg, and respectable people ought to draw the lines on these families and relegate then to the lower strata of ociety, to which they properly.belong, notwithstanding the gilding of furniture and assumed respectability. Every mother should feel that her son or daughter were corrupted by such associations, and ever debar them, in the future, from the possibility of such under the guise of fashionable respectability. If this practice becomes common, the name of host and hostess, as well as smokers, shall be given to the readers of Our Herald without fear or favor. Mothers who are so lost to all that is decent as to permit and encourage such conduct from the young under their care, should be held up to public gaze along with the saloon keeper, who finishes the task of corrupting those who began their downward course in the homes of these women from whom society ha3 a right to expect something better. H. MI, G. in Our Herald. -- Miss M. E Harding has taken the Queen's gold medal, and Miss Constance Wood the Queen's scholars"hip, in the competition at the X London r emale aJbooi 01 Hi iLrt.-r-Jfe- 