: WOMAN' S EXPONENT. I Xq I 033? .them. lndtvidualWh'u.ITjq IT nntvA . - if - fVta. .o.Qtheir hearts . in doubtin . 1 ff Know it was practiced ' maiiy felt n&e P.dGERH, SMITII D. KOGEKS AND OTIInS. ancient saints; but, oh! do not require bythe this, sacrifice of us. But God strengthened We were living in Nauvoo when "I jQrat them, and made them understand His glorious heard that it was rightior men tot havetwo 4 purpose in establishing it; how He could by wives. I never thought" then of. their baving this holy order people the world with a right- more than two; it looked an awful thing1 to" eous seed and and the purify improve present mefand I said that I would not believe, dt was Tleu I saidand my heart was heavy, state of chanthis anoVhow, mankind; t:.. through me-: Recalling her life forlbni right, if an angel from heaven should-tel- l those in the land nel, be "Let-nonwaiting spirit, might so, r And again, I said that if I should hear ; lay a roseon my Losom. "Who have planted my life with thorn!" broughtrforthrand population, need not "dethe Almighty tell an angel to. come and tell crease as the world would bave it, but increase me it was right, I would "not believe it. I kne w They mourned her In softest whlsperfi, I on a grand scale through virtuous and God- -' very well what I thought. T thought it would; They moved with a reverent tread; for none, but- - the highly-mtel- fearing parents; only be to try :.my virtue, as Abraham's faith Who never had loved tho living, d and a success of make can ligent was tried, when he was told to offer his son as a: "So honored thoy the dead. ': It marriage. plural firmness, requires piety, ' sacrifice, and I thought the Lord would love me "What glamour Tailed your senses andciiarity-toa-very-grea-t JaitlyliQpfl degree ircheated "hetrtt :ertcflrCT bettenf I refusenrto iaetieve toch'Wlranotrs' and when they talk about degrading, I wonder " for the Lord loves virtuous women. "Come back and claim largess of love thing, smile and their and at totally fail to ignorance, From the mourners at your side!". I wa 3 very b usya pthatTti me, fo r "weTTwerer ' itV see one in feature 13 the" degrading Why, it Then I said, and my heart grew bitter, preparing to go to the wilderness (that was. . essence of very purity; Z. Ecmember her loveless life, What we called it then). I do not think I had t Now I will let you take a peep into my "Let none say peace to my ashes' at that time heard of the valleys of . the moun-Z- . that the ones. affairs, is, Who'Clled xnydays with strife!' neighbor's polygamic tains, but we termed it going to the wilderness. Here 13 Sirs. W. on my right; she 13 the second My daughters and. I were. very busy, parching; WhatI when dust returns to dnst, wife, has a lovely and comfortable home, and ' - corn, stewing squash for drying, and weaving When, the soul goes back to God, a large fine famiiy of ten. ranging from two- to cloth. In all my preparations I did not have --When pain, nordellght norpasEionl in one twenty-thre- e aka agc;; " Is felt belonging and get the news of the day, by this earthly clod wife which ha3 she reared as thr (deceased), but S iter Thompson and Sister Carmichael Is that a time for tears, " own. her are a and They family, truly happy used ;'t"jGme and tell me what the folks were For pity, for charity, a very good lot of boys and girls. The first Whcn jlfe has been bitter and lonely. and who pOhelbrethrenbadj ;:lking "wife comes to and. visit have I them, frequenily And love was a hollow lie? taken another wife. I tqjd them not to be-- " witnessed often their meeting, unobserved; 'tis Once It had been like mann v licve a word o f it, for I knew the authorities a heartv kiss. and-clas- p "AII that her spirl tc fa vc d y of the hand, and all' of the Ulmrch would put 1 1 down. Th ey "would Had sated her hungry longing- - the children flock around for the" affectionate say, "You may look out; for your husband is - Onco it had helped and saved. greetmg they are-su""sureTto get anolherSister Carmicbaelsaidr" But now, when no gentle ministries She has told me she always sent for her when "If it is so, I know William (her husband) will Her pulseless heart can move, : " sickness came among them, "for she is sueh a take another wife; for he will do anything the Come not with fond carcsEcs good nurse, you know, and so kind." I called ,l authorities tell him is 'right." "But" she adOb, mock not the dead with lore! and enterwa,s Sunday afternoon, delightfully ded, "I will go down and talk Svitb Sister Murtained with sweet music For I know wbn hr soul was ctarvlng , about it." Sister Murray wa3 Bro. Young's ray at- - ' two " All the older youngest except sister. In a lew.days 6ne camo agam, mvu girls. -Tbeee, in their righteous pride, loved in and are and tend school, in the meantime seen Sister Murray, and asked every way Like Ifco arrogSnt Priest and Levi to, cherished by a kind father, and almost the . it was true that tho brethren were taking Passed by on tbeXother side; if v 7 first wife has mothers. The two as same had replied good But when the toll of thdcath bell more wive.,, to which Sister-Murra' also a very nice family. "When Smote on their 6tartlcd ears' heard too true. was that it. I this, I Mrs. on my left; she is a plural : - was perplexed; I dfd not have much to say.-1-f- elt is S. . , Here Tho hypocrites walls of anguish " Outnumbered the true heart's tears. wife; has a family of twelve, four of them bevery serious over it, and made it a matter, Alas! if tho tender kindness is died. wife who She such a former to a of .:. long prayer. -- not does and Spent on the coffined dead, On the Sunday morning following, after my appear pleasant, good woman, 7 Were lavished upon them living, the on am I I sure; miserable, contrary, husband and I were ready to go to meeting, we very ITow sweetly their lives had sped! has She woman. a know of a happier don't walked out through our gate, and he said, "Let . Juxe L., In "Woman's Journal." most lovely home, her lawn and gardens would us call in at John's (his brother's); perhaps command the : admiration of any. one.' Her some of them will go to meeting." As wo and strict are industry-aeconomy taught family passed : through the gate,- all creation was "A FEW MORE FACTS." is the case with most of us, else how could opened in vision to my view, a3 it seemed to me; barren we subsist in this country, especially we were as thc grais of the field. I can see All intelligent people will agree with Scripr where there are so many ia family. These arc. r now how it looked as it ran off. in the ditancc. turo that it is but fair to judge a tree by its the kind of boys and girls --who. will bless any Then I saw plurality of wives, thelcelcstial or--. fruits. Now I claim that polygamy brings der of marriage, open to my view, and knew it community and adorn society anywhere. - . cliilof one a of forth fruit of tho very choicest kind. I was I Now, was right, and a virtuous principle, and perfamily thirty anj y and sisters peculi--arlbora and reared in this order, and am t. drenj wa3 reared with my brothers taining to the everlasting Gospel of Jesus. exaffectionate would of most not care a of kind the under and : Then I saw. tho authorities of my parentage; proud ."We mother?. Victoria. with of and the and father snffered this to had establish what Queen intelligent daughters change loving peculiar they Most writers on this subject claim that polywere taught it was wrong to utter one impure doctrine. It was a grand point in the Gospel, word. We were called around in a family and had to.be established in this generation; gamy must in time yield to higher civilization. and How very absurd to ba sure, Did not our pathere was no getting around it, it had to come , circle to sacred prayer every morning as own "We as each other civilisation love of heart rents come irom. the Jveryi dearly forth. When I saw the labors of the brethren, evening, in ten 7 brothers, but Or very few years ago? And arp they not " brothers and sisters. and their toils and sufferings, my heart was My noble an men, number," are large, among the noblest and most intelligent of the paiued for them, and I loved and pitied them; to their a and order did this of father their not to honor pride world?.; And. marriage. I was no longer an. opposer of the two-wi. shock and astonish them quite as much as the did not speak of these things, but i mothers, and strictly temperate, not onecxeep-tionsysteinI make also and shocked? The girls are Christian world no w profess to be average pondered them in ray heart. I realized. the advo-cat- e all one and and with contact and camc their ia excellent it mothers, Certainly, beauty "and "glory and exaltation connected with this hcavpnly prinoiple; it was grand and tradition, education, and every selfish feeling of plural marriage after all thiV'dreadful 't it? thuds Well, their natures. And more, they were compelled 7 experience." Strange,-isn"glorious, and I felt rapt injoy. I; repented to endure. the scorn of the world, and of their some of the fruits of polygamy, and I might of my former unbelief, andwent forth and wa3 but nearest and dearest friends. But did they insti- -cite to jnany morefacts baptized for the remission bf my sins in that belief tutc it? Did they seek it? Did they desire it? conclude will by stating my unflinching respect, though at - that time I did not confeis " triKo7of course not. Common sense will answer to any person what the sin was; for the rem is- "that this, tho kingdom of God, will soon . that question. God, pur Creator, positively sion ""of "which I wa3 baptized. umph' over every other, and "woe, woe to all receive and themselves" commanded it; .and what could they do? The humble not who will trial wa3 si great; that many would have d and obey, the simple but glorious plan of salva.' It is not calling your .neighbors' names that . ... tion and eternal life, ere it is too late. death, and would no doubt never have ' Jetties a qutlcnIHfrac. ." twsvredit had not Gbd in HisEKrcy chirm it Charity. - Over tho fair, lull rotes,They had placed upon her breast; . And the bead that ached no longer, Z And tho pitiful haggard face. The had pillowed with gleaming satis, Had shaded with costly lac., . . , " ": . ZZ - s 1 .l-i.- v.. . noble-minde- . : . - ' ; -- ; tui .. . - tin-to-go-ro- . ' a'it, . - ; re -- -- , and-sin2ing-by- -th"e . y . . . . - - ,. - " . .. . . v the-Chur- ch, . -- " - - fine-lookin- .. -- g, fe . to-d- ay -- -- -- -- pre-ferre- . . . . 