WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 184 RALPH WALDO EMERSON. oil-clo- Another poet passed away. Jtalph "Waldo Emerson, the poet and philosopher, died on the 27th of April This great man was born in Boston, May 25th, 1803, and was educated at Harvard College. He studied for the ministry, but conshortly abandoned the pulpit for the more genial pursuit of literature and philosophy. He lived in retirement at Concord, where he wrote unceasingly, and from time to time has laid his worls tJefore the public. He was a correpondent of the North American Review and other standard magazines. His writings consisted principally of lectures, orations, essays ana pocmsL There has seldom been a writer over whom there was such a diversity of opinion. His essays are beautifully written, hut are more a display of scholarship than His poems arc clothed in deep thought. beautiful and most striking language, but when contemplated, his ideas appear neither new nor true. He found more friends among the passive objects of nature than in man's society, and though his writings lacked wisdom and reasoning they speak of tho good and worth of everything in such a way as to make one feel there are - "Tongues In trees, books In the running brooks, Sermons In stones, and good In everything." THE DINING-ROO- M. The dining-rooshould be one of the most? pleasant and sunny rooms in the house, in fact, m if it could be arranged, I would have the house so constructed Ithat the sun could shine in every room from it? first rising hfam in f Via' nnrtinfr glow that shimmers in the golden west. Oftentimes It is only in the dining-room that the family meet during the week, except on Sunday. Father and tho older bops are off to business before the little folks' eyes ar open, or the young ladies have recovered from the effects of the tilt night's dance. Eeverthing in this room should suggest pleasant, thoughts. What a depressing effect one of those dark, sepulchral apartments has on every appetite except the most nealthy ! It is more suggestive ot coffins and the dampness of the charnel house, than of good cheer, and the mirth that is so great a foe to dyspepsia. A few bright, well chosen pictures should adorn the walls, but if you keep a boarding house, and nvish to save provisions, select those representing murders, executions, and other emiallv frsti If this room is also used a3 tho family sitting-rooand library, a book case should stand in one corner, and a cabinet of curiosities be placed in someT convenient spot, while a small table for mother's sewing and several low easy chairs a,nd ottomans should not be forgotten. A a few pot plants are desirable. An English' ivy trained round the room has a charming effect, and requires but little care, as it will endure a considerable degree of cold. In these days very few use the square table, but if you must use one, have the corners taken off, and then get a couple of rounded pieces made to fit on the ends. These can be fastened on by means of two strips of board nailed on the under side, and then run through the boxing of the table in holes eawed for the purpose. To get this done requires but little trouhle or expense, and you will be amply repaid by its greater convenience and the better style in which such a shaped table can be set. It is always economy to buy good table linen. A course, rough, brown table-clot-h gives everything a cheap, soiled appearance, while if a irood quality of white is chosen, everything will wear an inviting look. A fine, d table-cove- r, if brushed after each meal instead of being shaken, and with mats under hot dishes, m fer-ncy,- or old-fashion- well-irone- ed th Special Departments for Gent s Clothing and Carpet. Ladies' and Children's Shoes, Dry '! Goods, Khawla and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware and Stoves. FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES DRIED increased expense. will By keeping the table constantly set, you save muclf time andjtroubled hurry, when premeals paring for a meal. Clean the cloth after with a brush kept for the puporse. A "clean sure wing will answer. If you take it off, be was it which to fold in the same creases iu folded when ironed. Let the castor, spoon-holde- r, remain on from sugar-bo, and salts time to time. After everything is arranged, too cover between meals with an old table-clotthin for further U3e, freshly ironed, and stiffened with thin starch, or a piece of white net such as is used for fly screens. If you are obliged to use one room for both it will, perhaps, be kitchen and dining-roonecessary to hav1$he dining table cleared and set back during the afternoon, but when laid for dinner, let it remain till after breakfast next morning. Those who have never tried this plan will be surprised at the comfort it will give, and the time and labor it will save. can be Nice mats for hot dishes and tea-pocrocheted out of tidy cotton, in the ordinary close stitch. If you wish them very thick, crochet them over wicking, Very handsome ones can also be made by covering round or oblong pieces of pasteboard, with scarlet opera flannel, and then sewing on the common white crimped buttons which can be bought for a cent or two a dozen. Use any design you 3?. 25. HEAVY h, TH It is said that Senators Cockrell and Vest favor the appointment of Phebe Cousin3 as one of the Utah commissioners. SHELF HARDWARE, & 223 and vicinity will find the LARGEST itnd BEST SELECTED STOCK of BOOTS, fullSHOES Also, & SLIPPERS, and desirable lines, beet brands Shoos. Oliildrori's Fine arc Tour clri a the West. VST" GEO. ELLEN Office Orders ScUettea. ZDTTHSTIFOIRID. B. FERGUSON, AND SURGEON, 'PHYSICIAN on Main Street, ovtr Hardy Bros., Store. Special Study has been given to Surgery, Diseases of Women, and Diseases of the NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS, STOCK JOHN c. Xj J?- - JEL Gr 33 Of Home MJMle Trooks CUTLER, Agent for the for Sale by i'KOVO WOOLEN MILLS, HOME MADE Old Constitution Holldlnxt also Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Llnseys, Jeans, Drown Yarns, White Yarns, Colored Yarns, Casgimers, , Tweeds, Cotton Batting, Wool B&ttinx, Brooms, Washboards, Brashes, Etc., Etc PALACE OF FASHION, No. V EAST TEMPLE ST o. 3l Dims, nyEs. the and the those visiting' Ladles of Salt Lake Desires City, to call at ber Show Booms and see her New Stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of Cats and Bonnets, In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also, a nice selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call. Ladies' Hair Work in all its branches. Good Work Guaranteed t The Married Woman's Property Bill was introduced in the House of Lords by the Lord Chancellor. It has passed through the. stage of committee," and will in all probability pass the third reading in the House of Lords, andjeome down to the House of Commons soon after the Easter recess. The Billys it now stands as amended by the LoRDCnANCELLOR,though in some respects capable of improvement, is so great an advance of justice compared with the existing rule, that we should have cause for the deepest thankfulness if it becomes law. The fate of the measure in the House of Commons will depend greatly on the exigencies of the session, and on the degree of support which may be given it by the Government. If it can be brought on without obstruction and discussed upon its merits, there can be little doubt of the result. The principle of the Bill was accepted in the measure which was uassf d for Scotland last session, and the mind of the Legislature is now so fully committed to it that the enactment of a measure to secure to married women absolute posssssion and full control of their own property seems only a question of time and adequate efforts on behalf of those interested in the subject. jEk O- - TtfL X. Of Salt Lake City m, made at the top by which to remove it. Line with several . thicknesses of flannel, old is just as good. If the family are regular to their meals, the tea or coffee may be further kept hot by placing the pot on a thick piece of iron like a scale weight, or on a round piece of freestone, heated for the purpose. Have all food cut squarely and evenly, and served in the best possible shape. Crumbs, irregular sections of pie, sloppy dishes and dis order, have a cvry depressing effect on the appetite. Ex. TEA RID3SXi. GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. wl please. A cosey to keep the tea hot can be made from the flannel cut to fit the pot, the buttons put on in a tasty manner, and a loop handle WANTED.-S- WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALXliS 1$ ts A. W. C. JSl. m ID 22 Xj ' O TE SALT LAKE CUT Ji. T under the little one's plate, and an should last two weeks, and look better at the end of that time than a clean brown one. Washing and ironing wear linen more than the actual use, and by economizing in these processes, you will soon save enough to pay for the F; AUERBACH & BRO. IIAVE REMOVED - TO THEIR HEW STOBE, Hfls. 124 & 126 CALL AND EXAMINE Spring and Summer Goods. "X$t " DAVID JAMBS, & STEAM FITTER. CAS WATER TINNER, 52T Agent tor EUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCB PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders froffl the country promptly responded to. (37" AddrtUf Docii James, Box 303, Salt Lake- Ciith - H. DINWOODEY, WHOLEfiAiX JL30 BEZAXL DEALER IV FURNITURE, SFSIIS BEIS, WISE ISiTTBESSES FEITBEBS WILL PIPEi 75 77, & 79, First South Street, SALT LAZE XQ1TY. 