Died, in Provo. City, Jan. 27, 1882, Susan Adah Howe, daughter of James J. and Martha Price Howe. She- was born in Surrey Co., NortJi Carolina, Sept 6, 1866, Deceased was a resident of Timpanogus, but was attending echool In Provo, at the B. Y. Academy. She was a young lady highly respected and esteemed by all who knew her; a loving and faithful friend, a kind plater j&nd a dutiful child, Emma Brown, - Died, at Mt. Pleasant, Sanpete Co., Feb. 4, 1882, Sister Sarah K. Wells. Deceased was born in Denmark, Nov. 3, 1793, and emigrated to this country in 1863. Sister Sarah has been a good and faithful woman, and true to every principle of th Gospel. She was a member of our Relief Society, and took great pleasure in- doing good - wherever an opportunity presented itself. But she has gone to rest In her eighty-nint- h year, like a shock of corn fully ripe, to await a glorious resurrection. m, F. C. Morrison be forwarded to the general Secretary in time for her to compile under date whatever is worthy of record, in Its proper order in Book.1 In making up Quarterly pr Annual Report?, the Treasurer will furnish the Secretary with a list of all Disbursements from date of last report, which, after having been read and accented by the Branch, also read at the Conference for which it was prepared, the Secretary will copy it under date, and thus have in one Book the minutes of each meeting, all the receipts and had flnfshed his prayer, when she immediately looked up at him, then reached her hands to her mother, who took her up. She asked for a drink of water, after which she called for some thing to eat, and then got down to play, looking so cheerful and happy This was Bro. H. B. Clawson's 'youngest sister, Harriet, now living. Sister Ruth Kimball will remember this cir- cumstance as well jas myself. I must say that I was delighted with the thought that the Lord could hear and answer prayer as anciently. I well remember my imprepsion, which I gave utterance to; It was this: To be healed like that when I was sick would be the greatest testimony disbursements, comprising all business matters of the Branch. The foregoing is in accordance with the Book, which was fully approved by the Prophet Joseph Smith, through whom the revelation was given for the organization of the Relief Society. E. R. Snow Smith, 1882. S. L. City, January, origi-nalpamp- le I could ask; to know that I was accepted of the Lord, and had been so greatly blessed by Hira, It was two years from that time when I wa taken violently sick of a fever. My parents lived on a farm five miles from Nauvoo at this time, I had been sick four days and nights, and my mother was doing her best to break the fever. Finally pome one asked if I had been administered to. No, I had not thought of thit, but said I would. The next Impression was, you7 will not be healed; you are not as Innocent as that little child, and you have not lived faithful. No, I know It, thought I, but I will be blessed, for a blessing attends every effort we make in keeping the commands of our Father Accordingly, two Elders came from the harvest field; one was Emer Harris, a brother of Martin Bro. Dunlap. Harris, the other my But I found I could not sit up; mother sat and held me up In bed. They laid their hands upon my head. I wept, for I felt unworthy the bless ing I sought. But in the midst of the prayer my sorrow was turned to Joy. I was, healed. I felt strong, I could sit alone and fan myself, could eat with a good relish, and slept sweetly all night, without awaking once. I was so happy; I thought It the brightest day I had ever THE PRAYER OF FAITH. Died, in Monroe, Sevier Co. on the 9th day of Jan., 1882, Sister Geneva CoJlings, beloved wife t Wm. Collings, and daughter of Geo. W. and Mary Bean. Sister Geneva was in the bloom of womanhood, aged 22 years. Was married at the last April Conference. She died In childbed, leaving a little daughter Ave days eld. She died, as she had lived, a noble woman and a faithful Saint. Her kindness of manner, generosity of heart and integrity to her religion won all hearts. She had only to be known to beloved. She leaves a host of friends, who sincerely mourn her loss and condole with her bereaved husband and parents. Cblia E. 'Sean. JRichfleld, Jan. 29, 1882. INSTRUCTIONS TO THE SECRETARIES OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY! IN REPLY TO FREQUENT INQUIRIES. It is very desirable that a uniformity exist . should throughout all the branches of the Relief Society in regard to the Secretaries' Books. In some business departments of the Relief Society, we are under the necessity of varying, in order to meet the varied local circumstances of the different branches; but this does not, in any instance, apply to the Secretaries. In each department we want to learn to do business in the best possible manner, and to adopt the manner in which it can be done with the greatest facility and the least labor. The Secretaries of the various Branches of the Relief Society are, or should be, historians of their respective Branches. One Book (or when one Book ia full another succeeds it) should contain the whole history all records of the Branch; and those records should comprise everything worthy of preservation, and in as concise a manner as practicable. In this, skill and Judgment are requisite, and "practice makes perfect' In the first place at the meeting the Secretary should take minutes of all business transactions and Whatever is said or done that should be read at the next meeting; all that has been donated to the society since the date of the last meeting, with the name in full of each donor; the amount of each cash donation, and the price of each article donated. These figures properly placed In the margin, are readily footed in making up reports; and all proceedings are readily referred to under their respective dates. Should the Branch have an organized Board of Teachers (which is unnecessary in srall Branches), and that Board a Secretary, a copy of the minutes of each teachers' meeting must We regret to learn that Brother TIbbet's earthly career has ended; but while we sympathize with his sorrowing family ,a ray of Joy bursts forth, in remembrance that he died in full faith in the Gospel. And not only so, but having a knowledge that his partner, Sister Tibbets, has a strong testimony of its truth. This I learned from herself. She told me that while in England a tumor, or cancer, began to make its ap" pearance, and was so painful that she had no rest. She went to consult a physician, who told her he would undertake the cure, but it was a painful operation, and be could not promise the result. This alarmed her, and she resolved to call upon the Elders to administer to her. They came, and at the same time the doctor came also; she introdaced him to the Elders, and told him why they had come. "Well," said he, "if they cure you T can send them several others, for they are very difficult to cure." The physician left, and the Elders administered according to the pattern our Savior has given, using oil in the name of Jesus. The result was a perfect cure. She told me hejself that she never felt a pain or a twinge from that day to this. This reminds me of the first time I saw the oil administered in the name of the Lord, ft was at the house of Sister Catharine Clawson, In Utica, New York. She ia the mother of ,Bro. H. B. Clawson, who was living in the city of Utica at the time. We had been baptized one week previously under the hands of Elder James Blakesley, who brought the Gospel to Utica in the year 1842. Sister Clawson, with three of her sisters and two nieces besides myself, were baptized fc'ept. 15, 1842. The next Sabbath, Just after morning service, Sister Ruth Reese (afterwards wife of Heber C. Kimball) remarked that she was going to see Catharine, because her child was sick, which would prevent her from attending meeting that morning. I aked to go with her, another asked the same privilege, when Elder Blakesley inquired, "May I go?" "Certainly," was the reply. After arriving and being seated, Elder B. says: "If your clock was out of repair, who do you think would be the best repairer?" We looked at each other, and wondered why he asked this question. He noticed our embarrassment, and faid: "Would not the maker of the clock be the best repairer?" "Certainly," was the reply. "Then the Maker of this little frame is the best repairer." The mother then said, "WJILyou administer to the child?" He replied, "Let us pray." We all knelt, when he offered up a prayer; then arising he laid his hands upon the head of the child, and prayed God to restore it to health. She did not open her eye?, or notice anything, until he step-fathe- r, seen in my life. Such Ia the eTTect of the prayer of faith since the Gospel has been restored to the earth. And-sucare the results when we cone to our Heavenly Father in a humble, childlike manner, asking as a hungry child would do for a piece of bread to satisfy the demands of nature. Yet we are told there are r"any gifts given to each one severally, as He will. And win? Because we are all members of one body, and each one must fill his or her sphere of action, and be perfect, even as our Father in Heaven is perfect. How is that to be done? I understand it is to fill our sphere as perfectly as God our Father fills his, which Is the earnest prayer of M. E. Kimball. BIRTHDAY PARTY. In : City, Feb. 7, 1882, it being the sixty-eight- h anniversary of Mrs. Charlotte Etheringtori's birthday, her children and some friends met at her residence in the 2d Ward, taking plenty of the good things of the earth with them, and making her some presents, which were duly appreciated. After the bounteous repast was over, speeches were made appropriate to the occasion. When Mrs. Etherington arrived in this valley twenty-fiv- e years ago she had five children; since that time she has become grandmother to fortv-thre- e grandchildren and two twenty-tw- o boys and twenty-threthe total of children, grandchilnumber girls; dren, etc., is something near sixty souls.. The evening was a very enjoyable one, and long to be remembered. Among other entertainments a poem was read, which had been composed for the occasion by Mrs, JMary Ann Pingree, expressing the love And good feelings oT the P, sigters and friends. Op-de- great-grandchildre- n, e, 