WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE VIOLETS INTERCESSION. "readily believed and acted upon by our ful wise legislators It is so perfectly ridiculous, that it would be hardly Worth a passing notice, were it not for the momentous results that are brought about from these very sources. -- But it is only another drop in the cup of iniquity which seemingly was already filled to Thoa lovely flower! hold'at Mth That magic spell my longing eye?, "Plucked In the hour In which thine evanescent beauty dies; Go I tell the lovo that thrilla within my heart, To her for whom that heart doth wildly yearn. Thy beauty, eloquent beyond all art, Mnst move her tender soul to some return. St. Croix. SONG OF TEfE RIGHTEOUS IS A PRAYER UNTO ME". PAGE 137. AND COVENANTS, DOCTRINE N. E. The Truth has come forth in the last dispensation, The Truth which has ever been anarchy's rod; And its friends, In the midst of a wild, rampant nalloD, Sing praises and honor and glory to God. ! We will sing ! we must sing though Jhe scorner may .' scoff it, And hypocrites rage around God's people free; He hath said in his word, by the voice of his Prophet, "The song of the righteous is a prayer unto me." King Pharaoh strove, in the time of good Moses, To keep ancient Isra'l in bondage to him; And today in like manner, a nation proposes. To render our prospects, as hopeless and grim: But we'll stand ! as they stood ! and we'll see tha ealva- tion, Which bore them triumphantly through the Red Sea; And we'll 6ing I for 'tis written ia God's revelation, 'The song of the righteous is a prayer unto me." And blessings shall follow, yea, blessings unnumbered Shall answer this token, "tho song of tho heart:" Oh voices long silent! oh muse that hath slumbered! Awake ! and in union sweet praises impart. We will sing of Ills grace In this imminent hour, Whose love is our refuge, and ever shall be; Who hath said to His Saints, in this day of his power, ''The song of the righteous is a prayer unto m$ -- - LULA. S. L. City, March, 1882. THAT WONDERFUL BILL. - these occurance3 mentioned by this woman writer. On the contrary there is more happiness in a well regulated patriarchal family, where all have a proper regardor each other's rights. There is a source of joy and happiness and satisfaction, in the certainty that we are obeying direct commands from heaven; that nothing else can give. And when the Congress ot the Nation go so far in their head-stron- g zeal as to make plurality ot wives a target, it shows their folly and ignorance of the motives that prompt us: they perhaps judge us from their own standard of morals. They do iaot seem to understand that they are measuring arms with the Almighty God of heaven. The Lord has commanded and we have obeyed. And if we stand firmly and nobly to the principles we have espoused, what power can move us ? As long as the Lord is on our side although the whole world should be arrayed against us, there is no cause for fear, for his promises fail not. If we are true to our God and our religion, and do our part, He will certainly do his. Satan is getting despar ate for he knows his time is short, and the time is near when He will reign whoso right it is to reign. Wickedness and corruption are spreading with lightning rapidity, over the face of the civilized world. And man I? iiKe tue oasis in the desert it is the only spot to be found upon the earth where the people recognize the right of the God of heaven to reveal his holy will for the government of his people upon the earth. All honor to those few honorable men in Congress who had the loyalty aud patriotism to stand up in the face of powerful opposition and advocate constitutional rights even for the poor despised Mormons; their names will be held in honorable remembrance by our people throughout all time,for striving to oppose a bill that was striking at the very root ot liberty. Have we not suffered enough in being driven from our homes into tho desert, that they must still follow us and hunt us down as they do wild savage beasts, who are not fit to dwell upon this beautiful earth. Have we not a right to the air we breathe? Or do they envy us that I Let us stand firm and unflinching to the cause we have espoused, for wo do know that the Everlasting Gospel ha3 been again restored to earth, from the heavens, and although the wicked may rage and struggle to overthrow this work, their plans will-b- e thwarted, and the arm paralysed that fights against the people of rd most-atrociou- s God. Our course is onward and upward, and no power on earth can prevail against U3 if wo are faithful and trust in Him, who is mighty to save, and Who will ere long come out in his their mighty wrath, against all those who raise hid work. puny arms to stay the progress of cut They will be crushed by the little stone; is out of the mountain without hands, which destined to roll until it shall fill the whole earth, and all those who fight against God will be, as thedceam of a night vision, (hey will all disappear before the radiant light and Sarah M. glory of God. " The married woman's property bill has passed two readings in the House of Lords, England. 1 Z ' Ephraim, march 1882. Editor Woman's. Exponent: TlAdr Rlctor Aft er tli ft r1rSA nf flip. Tjecrialru tive session, on the return of our brethren, - President Canutp .Petersen, and Counselor Henry Beale, there was a social party in the Sister's Hall, in honor of the occasion, and as many of the oldest settlers as could be comwere invited to particfortably accomodated " learning something of the practical working of this system, I have had an actual experience in it for the last 28 years. And have been intiO mately acquainted with a great many families where the plural order of marriage was practiced, and I have never seen or heard of any of Con-stition- al So the deed is done, the Edmund's bill ha3 received the royal signature. And our doom is sealed, so say our enemies. A bill to disfranchise the most loyal people upon the face of the earth, whose only crime is, tnat they exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution, and worship God as they have been commanded to by revelation from heaven, and what have the champions of this bill accomplished by this move? In my humble opinion simply made themselves, a hiss and a throughout names The of those come. to all generations who voted for this infamous bill, will I believe yet be classed with such men as Benedict Arnold and those who have proved themselves traitors to their country, and to those institutions which have been bequeathed to us as a rich legacy by the founders of American Independence. I was reading in the New York Herald, a few days since, an extract from a manuscript purporting to bo written by a Mrs. Paddock, on Polygamy, from actual experience (it said among the Mormons) It contained the falsehoods I have ever seen in print. About men in plural marriage whipping their wives for trilling causes, and of one who chained his wife down to the garret floor, and kept her on bread and water diet for a number of days, and many more of a like character. And these are the wild-ca- t stories that are by-wo- CORRESPONDENCE. overflowing. Now I havej Had a very good opportunity of Lowly thy sphere, Thou modest emblem of a painless joy; Sweet as a tear. But brief thy life, as pleasant thoughts are coy. Yet with the gentle fragrance of thy breath, te Stealing her soul, thou may'st overcome her fears Then might her pure heart know that, come e'en death, ? Tho love I fcel will breathe through endless years. 'THE 171 .. ' V ipate. We were also favored with the presence of Sister M. A. Hvde. the County President, of the Relief Society. 6 Bishop L. S. Anderson, of the North Ward, Bishop C. C. N. Dorms, of the South Ward," and their' Counselors were present. The music was excellent, the spirit of and happiness seemed to fill every heart, feace you had bee- n- there to partake of the seemed pleasures and enjoyment that every-on- e to feel, surely we have reason to thank God that his Holy Spirit cap pervade the social dance as well as tife more serious meeting of worships the dance, wasopened and closed by prayer and all went home in peace and good order at twelve o'clock, I must say the sisters are united in all good works, and doing the very best they can. With my best wishes for your happiness, I subscribe myself respectfully your Sistef in the Gospel. 4 - . Agnes S. Armstrong. THE FIERY DRAGON. lowly child of heavenly birth smiled in its" innoceucer and purity. r -- Truth dwelt in its heart and many loved it: but as it grew and increased in strength and power, the majority hated it; and sent a fiery red dragon to destroy it. Angels guarded it, and God Himself had la ram should nnt.bo . foretold the swallow child, for the fiery dragon tried to every attempt was foiled, and the object of his wrath fled to tho borders of civilization, hoping to secure a safe retreat For awhile the serene maiden Peace waited upon it, but the dragon followed, drove Peace away and tried again to swallow her precious charge. God and his angels came to the rescue. Once more the bloody monster was baffled. The child fled to the margin of a wide and placid river, and found a resting place. Peace came again with her blessings, and prosperity attended ner footsteps. The growth of the child was fast Not many years passed away ere his bitter enemies sought to put him to death. With criesof treason they sent the Dragon to find him. Again the child of truth wa3 sought and rushed uDon fiercely his friends murdered and again he fled; fled to the fastnesses of the mountains, where none but Indians roamed the desolate hill3 the wolf sought his prey, and the the parched earth called for water. Under vilguidance of hU hand gardens and, farms, lages, and towns, cities and hamlets sprung up as if by magic The Indians became more cizilized, flowers lifted up their heads and breathed delicious perfume. Industries of every description were fostered and the mountains rang with the echoes of joy. Peace settled with him. The very atmosphere told ot her presence. Grown to manhood was the child, lo ?cly as ever, wise and strong. His enemies are maddened and with cries of furious rage send their messenger the dragon to swallow him up. The throat of the dragon is too small. He will choke himself before he can accomplish the deed, and persecution will be glad tonide himself in dismay. While the Church of Jesus Saints will continue to inChrist of Latter-da- y crease in strength and power. The heaven above is blessing it; invisible angels are around ' it, the Lord himself smiles upon it, and what is there to fear? Emily B.3pescet. A -- Jt -- J0J. 