WOMAN'S EXPONENT. to be set aside, while "Mor. questions of the day at the monism" and "Mormons" are thrown conceivable President and Congress in every amendments, circular?, xvay, in bill?, petitions, '&c. Has the defendant no letter, newspaper?, of claims in this matter? Are the whole body Faints not entitled to a fair hearing? Latter-dademanded-M-h- en When men'fflivcs are the eacriflce armies are talked of to settle matters, of are some means dispute, Jt is understood there of self defense; but in this case, the United States v. Mormons, there is a fearful odds; for theXJ. S. have large regiments of soldiers armed and equipped, while the ".Mormons" ai e defenceas arms or artificial support is r less But remember, to the innocent, for of Inevery man there is an innumerable host visible beings, clothed in invincible armor, to y con-cerne- d. so-fa- defend the Baints of God. EDITORIAL NOTES. win- Valentine Day approacheth , as theehoptender dows bear witness. Choice and elegant, and comic, in great abundance. Those desirous of communicating with the diGeneral President of Y. L. M. I. A. should rect to Mrs. Elmina S. Taylor, P. O. Box 629, Salt Lake City, Utah. We call attention to the request made in the article entitled "Some Facts," and signed (Genthe tile) published in our Jan. 15 No., and invite "Mormon" ladies to answer through the paper. Reports of R. S., Y. L. and P. A. Conferences held in Bear Lake and Juab Counties were received too late for publication in this issue, but will appear in our nest. Report of Ladies' Conference In Sanpete Stake ia also crowded cut. By letter from Mink Creek wo learn that on the 12th of January, 1S82, a Relief Society was Priorganized there, also a Y. L. M. I. A. and mary Association. Please forward names of offl cers, by whom organized and number of members. Saturday, Jan. 21, was the anniversary of the birth of Sister Eliza R. S. Smith, Zion's Poetess, whomivo designate as the "Elect Lady." On that day she .attained the advanced age, of seven year?. She is in her usual good health, except Just at present suffering from a severe cold. May her useful life be prolonged until her destiny upon the earth has been ful filled, and she can return homo into the mansion prepared for her reception, crowned with all the honors thai pertain to a celestial fulness and exaltation. A Young ladies' Mutual Improvement Association was organized in the 14th Ward Jan. 16, 1832, Bishop Thomas Taylor presiding. He gave good counsel to the young ladies, and said that himself and Counselors would do all they could to assist them. Said he liked the term Superintendent for the j residing officer better than President; thought it more appropriate. The following officers wero elected; Superintendent Nellie Colebrook; Counselors, Mattio Home and Ella Wilcox; Secretary, Lizzie Green; Treasurer, Beulah Woodruff. ty-eig- ht On Tuesday evening, Jan. 24, a special meeting of the 13th Ward convened at the Ward Assembly Rooms, Bishop M. M. Atwood presiding. Counselors N. Empey and F. Platte were ent, also H. G. Park, President Y. M.'M. I. A. of the Ward, President J. H. Felt and Coun. George C. Lambert of the Stake organization cf Y. M. M. I. A. were present by invitation, also M. A. B. Freeze and her Counselor, Iouio Felt, of the Btoko organization ? of Y. L, M. I. A, Pfftddenf Turk tendorVd ) reeiaUen to the meeting, which was ncccptod, and the Bishop proceeded to organize the young men and women separately. Remarks were made by Elders J. H. Felt and G. C.Larhtert, and by Prest. Joseph E. Taylor, of the Presidency of the Salt Lake Stake, concerning the order and benefit of these organizations; also by Sisters E. B. Wells, M. A. B. Freeze and L. Felt, The following officers were elected fer the Y. L. M. I. A. of the lath Ward: President, Miss Ruth Woolley; Counselors, Miss Kate Wells and Miss Alpha Eldredge; Secretary, Miss Louie Wells; Assistant Secretary, Mies Louie Naylor; Treasurer, Miss Bessie Spencer. We had the pleasure of attending the R. 8. Quarterly Conference of Davis Stake on Friday, Jan. 20, held at Centrevllle Meeting House, in company with Mrs. t. I. Horne. Meeting convened at 10 a. m., Mrs. Sarah T. Holmes presiding. Her Counselors, Mrs. Mary S. and Nancy A.. Clark, were present, also the Secretary, Miss Minerva Richards. The minutes and reports were interesting and creditable. Verbal reports were given by the respective officers from most of the several branches of the Stake. Bishop N. Cheney, Patriarch Tibbets and many other brethren wer'5 present. Addresses were delivered by several of the local sisters, and by Sisters Horne and Wells, on subjects calculated to encourage and strengthen the sisters in the Gospel work. After the adjournment of tho R. S. Conference a Conference of the Primary Associations of Centreville was held at the Fame place, Mrs. Aurelia 8. Rogers presiding. The children seemed greatly interested in their meetings, and their singing was excellent. They answered the questions asked them very promptly. The of Bishop manifested great"mtercst in tho labors Prithe sisters in both the Relief Society and mary Associations. Tho children of the two 1. A's at that place held two concerts last summer, an i from the proceeds gave fifty dollars to the new Meeting House. They are now engaged in helping to make lag carpeting for the building. A Conference of the Young People's Associations was held in the Assemblv Hall Sunday, Jan. 22, 1882, commencing at ten a. m., Supt. Joseph H. Felt presiding. After the devotional exercises, minutes of last Conference were read, and a statistical and financial rejort of each Ion. The speakers were Elders J . H. Felt and H. Moyle, Sisters E. S. Taylor, M. A. and E. B. Well3. The ladles in f peaking referred to the greater benefits resultisg from eenarate organizations, but also expressed them As-eoci- al selves as favorable to conjoint meetings once a month. Mrs. Wells made a suggestion that a committee be appointed to Becne lecturers fur tho Young Ladies' Associations, Counselor G. C. Lambert presented tho general authorities and Stake officers of the Y. M. M. I. A., who were unanimously sustained. John A. Evans Secretary In place of John Q. Cannou, who ia absent on a ml?sion to England. Afternoon session; After the opening ertr-clse- s, Coun. G. C.Xambert announced tiiat the to suggestion made in the morning with regard a ladies' lecture committee had been approved, and accordingly Sisters EL B. Wells, E. h. Taylor and L. H. Miner were sustained as such committee. Apostle Wilford Woodruff addref?ed time, and was fothe congregation for a llowed byPrctt. Joseph F. Smith; both t pikers wereiiispired by the Spirit of God. Prest John Taylor occupied a few minute?, to raise a race during which he said, "We want of men and women whom the ancient Arties, Prophets aud men of God will not l)Uhamed of. And wo call upon tho youth of in to purity, sml febrfrty, mulntshi their was-appoint- ed 133 and seek to honor God, that they may be worthy eons and daughters of Zion.' Elders J. F. Wells, R. B. Young and P. C. Badger each spoke a few minutes, expressing the firm conviction that the youth of Zion would unflinchingly maintain tho faith of their fathers and mothers. Conference adjourned subject to the call of the general or Stake officers. Choir sang an anthem. Benediction. OBITUARIES. Mrs. Martha J. Coray, the wife of Howard Coray, passed behind the vail on the 14th Dec, 1881, at 11 p. m., at Provo. She died aa she h&d lived, a strong and firm believer in the Gospel as revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith. She was born on the 3d day of June,I821, Boone County, Kentucky. Her father, when she wag a mere child, moved to Carthage, Ohio, Her straightforward and honest way of doing things, Joined with more than ordinary clearness of perception and understanding of matters and things in general for one of her tender age, attracted the attention of some of the most noted of the place, for instance, Rev. Walter 'Bcptt, Levi H. Jameson and others, and at thefage of about ten she was placed in charge of aclass, much older than herself, in a Sunday School, and she fillet! the position so abjy, that she won for herself no email degree of praise. At the age of twelve she applied for admission by baptism into the Campbellite Chuich; but on account of her age, they held the matter a short time under advisement before receiving her, notwithstanding she was altogether qualified, so far as information and a sound, "moral, Christian character was .concerned;- Very early in lile she evinced a character in a degree somewhat rare for one of her eexthat is, of decidedly doing her own thinking; hence, before adopting any principle of religion, law or politics, whether proposed by father, husband, priest, or for king, she must clearly sc? and understand herself the righteousness and consistency of the matter. Her father moved to Hancock Co., HI., and was living there when tho Mormons were driven out of Missouri in 1S3S; and being a very kind and hospitable man, gave employment to quite a number of the Saints, besides furnishing several families houses to live in. This brought her face to face with Mormontera. Mingling an 1 associating more or Jeas with those families and the men hi hor father's employ, she attended their meetings and heard Brother George A. Smith preach, who, aa she said, set forth ti;o unprinciples of the Gospel in such a plan and mistakable maimer as to completely u Retail her Campbellism and convert her to the principles of what is called Mormonism. So, in January, 1810, a hole was cut through the kv, and herself and a fe v others wcu- baptized, the weather beafter ing fco Cold at tho Vnw that immediately ono was baptized, t; e place would skim over with ice. I raentio". this circumstance aa It evinces in eome dt g; to the courageous determr nation of the woman to rmppe with and over, come difficulties that iN' fr-- ? i i etween her and a religious, conscientious duty, exact and truthful in all her business transactions in life. AfUr joining the Church, she soon became acquainted with the Prophet Joseph; the said that r efore he v:s pointed out to her as the man, sho com Id discern wraf thing in him of such a peculiar character that fho knew who"herwas, and unfunded confidence m hfra as the from man of God, she took in common hand every diccure Hint she heard him preach, and has careiully .pWervtd thtro. Bro. Geo A. Smith aid IhWt flie hud taken more pains to preserve the way in t; of the great Prophet, and hadaccom-plhlic- d rncrpjn that direction. hzn an v olhe? - -- 