WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ply of bread stuff sufficient .to warrant it, and some, other reasons migb t be.asjgntijj - . l.ibihethlnir toeVdiyous we send: a of sea biscuit ;amL. a: cheesewi th a you bag ' ' lit tier coffeerand'iug'ir. The nav T absence and it is 'greatest comfort' have had in Vour pany to the mountains thj.4 season, that it' will consist of riot less than from has been iu getting alone to pray you; that I- four-tJ5Te';Hundrd;xagorisvffpiiLthe presents you might be blessed, 'and have al Ways been blest in so doing. 1 can say that almost my calculations, and the moat, of - them will be, unthe of of for yon ever since greater part taking very breath has been prayer der the necessity ' : their grain ungrbund. Brq. Eldredge takts a you left uS,' that you might return home in pair of small mill stones with him, and Hlie safety, and nothing hinder or harm you. necessary irons, etc., to let a mill in operation May the Lord bless' and preserve you and reby horse power or otherwise, in a short time turn you safe to us, is my constant prayer for after his arrival at the place of destination. you be faithful and 'diligent in prayer4. h"a3 some written at Your mother you length, I will not write any news, for I shall want to she says, and it i3 therefore Unnecessary for me tell you that when' you cotne. I must' close, so " lio touch on any matter except business,: but good bye. ' : and our . have Your Mother. would say that you prayers night all in all asaho for things, your prosperity day On the morning of the 8th of October wo of your company, that you may prosper and bade our brethren good bye with a prayer to return safe to us jhis. fall, and amjattguine Him who had preserved ua as.within the holyou mil. 13ut remember to be prayenmanu low of His. baud, to. speed them on their way show yourselves approved before the Lord, and to the relief of - our fathers, husbands and heed the counsel 01 those whom the Liord haa brethren, and let their lives be precious in His ordained to, give counsel, and it shall : be well ... r I P il i l sight, and .; strengthen them, and also their mt with you. ini3 irom your iatner, who. oiessea teams, that they might .not perish on the .: , ' you". in the nam$ of the Lord. once more- , plains, bnt- be spared to inett-u- JWi -- Fannie lavage; Speech,C. R. Savage; Remarks, ' Mr. Puzey; gou' Peter Elliot;;, Recitation, Geo. Romney; Song, SamuerAllen; Recitation, or, W. btayner;Organ Tbolo; J J. ' Dayne3; Wm. Eddington.. , .. Speech, ' - "ex-Dect- " ed fr : . c. StiARP, Sec '". ' BLOOMIGTON. Epitor Exponent: A few lines from the Y. L. M. Aj of Bear Lake Stake willtbe. welcome, no .doubt, knowing your paper to be an able supporter and representative of womauV rights and privileges, as "e understand in the ful jest and most com plete sense of the word. ..!.'" :'y .There are at, th isolate eleven organizations', iu . " - " " I . . ! active operation,, presided over by Mrs. N. G. Pugmire, a daughter of the late Charles C Rich; who, by her untiring efforts and unflinching energy to advance the interests, of;. the young people of this Stake, has won the love and confidence of all with whom associated. . it l iiaa-evuwirrwjtHO w uiir and thus her influence haa been felt rallying to the front. There are enrolled 347 members, with a- fair average attendance. AVa. have nmetj-nin- e vjolames .ofigood reading matter, Our Stake receipts amount to. $121. costing $377.10; disbursements., 280.09, $230.59 of the amount was donated to the Logan Tern1 pie. We have a stake paper, entitlediThe Literary Garland," in which each association is represented in ou meetings of Literary Exercises, held annually. ... ?;t..J uiTS- v Spiritually, we are feeling well' although somewhat-isolated- , and deprived of the; association and inqt.riiptirt!ii thiit tnfv eniov down in the other valleys that;are more easy of access. We could but think, wh?n reading the farcical ; . n - . ":. II. C. K. if vou choose. ..... ' K. JN. . WHITNEY. P; S. Givc;my- - good wishes to Bro3. Brig- - ham and Heber and all the others; tell them thing3 are right in the main, and it is a hurrying time,, as.- usual, or L.would have written them; but I suppose their families have written them fully on alt matters. May the. Lord N.JCW. ,- blesa you all. :,! c; ' Early in , October Bro. William Clayton, with a lew others who had preceded the camp of pioneersj arrived at Winter Quarters, weary and worn down by travel, and having been for some time destitute of provisions, anddepend- ent solely upon the killing of wild game for - ' -- ' ancTwords would fail rt express our feelings when we saw them in such a ragged abd?for-- ; lorn condition, and .were told thaAhey 'must the main be eicht or 'nine days in adyarice-o- f company; dui. every,one ueiug micro w;u, iuey went to work with a will, the women cooking, ! browning coffee and preparing every good thing that our limited means would admit of. There was mA rest 'nor sleep - till every thing was ready to start, and- many a loving message commenced in the midst of it took till far into the night to; finish, It had been 'so long since there had been any communication between us, and some of U3 were in doubt as to our husbands being with them, .as some, we were told, had gone to California, and the feelings that thrilled our hearts under such various and trying circumstances can be better imagined than 'described; but we did not allow our fears to stand in the way. Everyone did all in their power, and it was something sur prising how quickly two wagons were loaded ona for father and another for President Young with grain andT vegetables, all of the latter that could "be taken, or whatever could be mustered in the way of provisions. I had two apples, which I packed up carefully with bread,-cake- s and various .little parcels one apple for Horace and , the other for Orson, though this particular - circumstance had passed from ray recollection till reading of it in ray husband's journal with other things received -- from his father," via!, Wm. Kimbali he driving father's team, and George D. Graut the President's." In a short letter, hastily written by Sister: E. B. Whitney, the present Editor of the Woman's' Exponent, who acted as scribe, Mother Whitney expresses herself --- , . -- as follows;- - r " "We are all well, and hope and pray you are, but we have neither ' flour nor meal, and have not had any for several days, or we should R. S., Y; L. M. 1. '1 ' - 1 A. & P. A.'ltEPORT3. ' 1 er er-waicawora- s - 1 1 ; - ( TWENTIETH WARD rniJlARY. ' The Tsventieth Ward Primary Association held their fifth annual-meetin- g April 21st, Toone 1886,.Prest. Emma presiding. After the usual the following proopening exercises, carried out: Recitation, wa3 Hugh gramme Sainsberry; Recitation, Isabell Romney; Song, Irene Dayues; Recitation, Elliot Airnet; Recitation, entitled, "Order Rule,'" by the Association; Duet, Mary Smellie and Olive Simmons; Essay, "Punctuality," Lizzie Pricha'rd; Recitation by four small boy?; Song, Ettie; Calden utrto wine ot ierminaiion 01 -Dialogue;'Levi"na ;nd Willi elvicbmI"Recifa-tiou- , preme Court ,of the United in Regard to Katie Sansome; Duet, Ida and Lennie the iufaruou$ rulings;of, th'9 Utah Court, that Savage; Reading, Edgar Neslen; Essay, on it was in , keeping with the general treatment "Baptism,", by Annie Airnet; Song Ro3e of the Saints by this boasted grind, republic. Romney; Dialogue, George Ottinger; Ralph But all is well, for God lives, and he. will bxing Cutler and Ellen Hilton; Recitation, Pauline them and. the . nation, who so; persistant! Held; Organ Solo, Bell May; Recitation, by a fiht against Him. to .the ' bunishment thev number of small boys and girls; Recitation, merit, add whether it be sooner or later .it mat- Alice Evan?; Questions were then asked by trs not tp.m, as, we do ouf .duty, and alpng M133 Alice Phillip3 and answered by the childkeen sacred the covenants we have, made. remarks Brief Association. the ' iast ren, Song, by August we were favored with a visit were then made by Sister Ellen Clawson, Bro. from Sisters il.'I Home, E." S. Taylor and S. Dunbar, Sister Presendia Kimball, Bro. M. Kimball, We. hope to see them again ere George 'Romney and Sister Howard.""' Duet, long,' for they brought with them . words of by Alice Clowes and Eva Ellis. clieer and comfort, which built us up, and we Bro.; C R. Savage said, "I want to offer some fpH. tn tluinW frnrl that, wft wfr annca.teA with best of the for one writing prizes next year; so noble a band of sisters, and from the depth for one in the or little meeting, boy girl any of our hearts we say, "God.bless them; may fie the best drawing' and one' for the best needle be merciful to them and lengthen out their work. .; I pray God to bless Sister Toone, all days, that they may lor many, yeara to come who assist her, and you little children." continue the noble' ' labors they are' now . enSister Wells, Prest. 13th Ward Primary, gaged in." ''";'."; V looks ;' ;,',' and Bros. Richards, Sansome, Keslen,' May, dark, and, as you Politically.the horizon exCharles and Wright George Romney, Jr., are aware," we are almost' helnlesSji owing to as themselves pleased highly being thatimfamous test oath, passed at the setting pressed with the good order. The last two named 01 me last luano .xegisiaiure, uepnvuig , uu gentlemen had formerly been members of the who have certain religious convictions of the Association, and testified, to "the good they had privilege of casting avote.J ' ';',). ,. derived from attending the meetings. " v still is M.' Rich Coun. Alice f. suffering from Ward 21st Prest. of Primary, acute rheumatism, and although afflicted now , Sister Davis, s related an instance showing how to be truly over a year, and unable to travel in the inter: est of the Stake, as in the past, sbe feeli patient happy. the After one for year. and resigned, arid willing to acknowledge the Meeting adjoirrned R. C. Bro. pronounced1 Savage hand of the Lord' in this affliction as in other closing hymn, the-- benediction, and refreshments were passed thing?. I see by the last JDeserd News that round. ; you have reached home again after an absence In the evening the patents and 'a few of the of several months, in the interests of the downfriends of the children assembled in the school-hous- e trodden women of Utah. and had a sociable time together. Af--' M. iiAliT, DiaKe cec prothe and following ter singing prayer.rendered: was Speech,. Bro. Dunbar; gramme rive rdale. R. D. Miss Reading, Romney; May Song, Editor .Exponent":. Lyon; Song,John James;RemarksfSiater Toone; at The Young Ladies' Conference was Vddress,Bro. Geo. Romney; Remarks,C. Sharp.; ; . ( -- ne-nwjvas-ef . , i , . . -- - ' , . : ' tld 