WOMAN'S feXJPON ENX.. 174 ever freely they might be expressed. I believe with Fanny Fern: "Too much indulgence has spoiled many a child; too much love not one." - LULA. R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. present time as compared with facts of ancient history; The speakers relerred to the uaaies Mass Meeting held in Salt Lake City recently, and were nroud to hear the mothers and h jn defense, of daughters of Zion stand-fortthe most sacrea principles ever reveuieu nn nre the exaltation of the human lamiiy. and prayerful beiore wprfi nrcrfid- to be humble . fhft Lore . attend-oumeetings, ana to oe ever ready to respond to the calls made by those in fliif hnntv over us. that we may attain to mat den-reof dorv that i3 in store for the faithful. ine time was very niuueu, mc mrauwn '"i devoted to the Primary, in giving reports anc receiving instructions. An excellent spirit prevailed, and alt ielt well paia ior ana greatly blessed in attending. Conference adjourned lor three .months. , r .EASTERN ARIZONA STAKE.. Editor Exponent: e The quarterlyconfereuce .of the Relief Society of- Eastern Arizona Stake was held' .at Snowilake, March J 2th, 188(5, Prest. Emma S Smith presiding. After singing and- prayer, the following ward societies were represented-btheir respective presidents: Taylor, Show-- ' low, Woodruff, Suowflake Camp, Erastus, St. Johns and Suowflake. All were in a flourishing condition. The sisters were united, and felt a desire to build up the kingdom. The statistical and financial reports were read, Bhowing the dUferei.it branches to be iu a better condition than heretofore. Coun. Emily Lewis then spoke to the sifters, on- - subjects giving ' - - y LUCINDA GUSTAFSON, Sec. . Uur quarterly conference convened here on the 12 th ult., rresideut Elizabeth Jiean press ing. The Spirit of God prevailed, much : Attersinging, conference was adjourned lor three months. Benediction pronounced by Bro. Oscar Mann. Della Fish, Secretary. STAKE. The ladies' quarterly conference of the St, Joseph Stake of "Zion convened at Pima, March 19th, 1886, President Willmarth East iiTOuwig. vu nio siunu oi me Diaicc autnori- ties were Prest. C. Lay ton and Counselors, also Bishop John Taylor of Pima. After the usual opening exercises, the minutes and reports were .read and approved. Verbal reports of the following "wards "were "given by their respective presidents: Pima, Curtis.Graham, Central, Thatcher and Laytbn, all of which were reported in good running order. Prest. East and Coun. Ransorae addresied the conference, the leading subjects spoken upon being the persecutions of the Saints at the excellent instruction was given and many strong .testimonies borne. Reports were re ceived from every branch in the btake, num bering nineteen, which were very encouraging, showing them to be in a prosperous condition, and ' faithfully performing the noble mission for the poor, attending given them, of caring .1 111 1. .1" ana to messing tne sick, aiaing in tne great work of building Temples, storing gram against a day of famine, and assisting in building tip ' the kingdom generally. . During the past year our Stake board of officers haver visited nearly every branch in the Stake, encouraging and assisting them as much as lay in their power, aud feel happy in being able to report that God has abundantly blessed them in their labors, as also the differ ent branches of the Stake. A determination exists among them to be faithful and true to the covenants they have made, that the persecution now so fiercely raging against us as a people shall only tend to make us more united and diligent in our efforts to serve God. We honor.and bless our worthy sisters who assem bled in mass meeting in Salt Lake City, Tor their noble efforts to defend and preserve to us n our and inestimable rights, and from the depth of our hearts feel to endorse and reiterate their sentiments. We are also thankful for the Exponent, which is truly a blessing to andean earnest defender of the women of Zion. Ever praying for its success, rwe sbscribe ourselves, in the cause of truth, Your 1 IIOLDEN, MILLARD CO. ST. JOSEPH d f A God-give- .. co-Jabor- ers Elizabeth Bean, Prest. Central Board, C. A. Hunt, Secretary. "'''.. SAN JUAN 8TAKE. The Relief Society quarterly conference of oau iuau oiaJve was neiu at liiuu Ulty, March 22nd, 1886. There were present on the stand Prest. F. A, - Hammond and Counselors, Bishop Jens Keilson and Counselors, Prest. Jane M. Walton and Counselors. Meeting Wa3 called to order by Prest. Jane M. Waltbn, who made a few opening remarks. She was thankful that there was a Relief Society, and knew .it was of great benefit to the sisters and also to the Bishops of the wards. She spoke of the persecutions the Saints went through when the Church was first organized, and also of the present crusade the Saints were undergoing, and that we would have to be humble and prayerful or we would not be able to stand. Coun. Kisten Neilson and Josephine Wood : Jane : some time since we sent you any report from this Stake of Lion, we respectfully submit the following: . l-.- Ham-mon- It having been Prest. Emma S. Smith spoke in regard to the teachings children should receive from their mothers. Was grateful for the good re- ports, and ielt the Spirit of the Lord had been Minutes of --the fifteenth anniversary of the Holden Relief Society, held in" the meeting house, March 15th, 1886, Prest. N. M. Ashley presiding. Minutes of last annual meeting were read, also statistical and financial reports. The programme, consisting of songs, recitations, dialogues, etc, was -- carried out as arranged. Stake Prest, Elizabeth Yates, felt to encourage the sisters to go on in the good work. She rejoiced in the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and spoke of the necessity qf relying upon the Lord; advised mothers to train their children to live in the fear of the Lord. Bishop D. R. Stevens gave much good counsel, and dwelt a short time on the storinc of grain. Prest. N. M. Ashley and others each occupied a few minutes, all encouraging the sisters to diligence in their labors. After singing by the choir, the benediction was pronounced by A. P. Harmon. N. M. Ashley, Prest., ' Kate Stevens, Ass't Sec. Some ringing resolutions, as to the course of Utah Federal officials in enforcing the law, tc., were adopted and forwarded; lack of space prevents their publication. Ed. SEVIER STAKE. Editor Exponent: of Interest. " organized without them. There wasa great field of labor for the mothers of Zion, aud there was no end to their usefulness. Harriet Barton,Mary N. Jones,Martha and Agnes Allen each bore a stron the work of God, as and faithful testimony did. also Elsie. Neilson, Eliza Reed, Mary Adams and Annie Decker. ' Bishop Jens Neilson was pleased to have the privilege of meeting with the sisters. - He knew that the mothers had more influence with their children than, the fathers, and encouraged ' ; the sisters in their great work. : Prest. Jaue-- M. Walton made a few closing remarks, afler which our conference adjourned for six months. V ; . good-counsel-andcly- ice with us. also Coun. Margaret Haskell expressed their joy in having a standing in the Church of God and as members of the Relief Society Prest. F. A. Hammond said he was pleased with the reports of the different wards and testified that the Relief Society was of great benefit to a ward, which was not thoroughly Julia ' v. M. N. Walton, Butt, BOX ELDER 8TA K E, :v 'J' Prest., Sec. - - 1 - The thirtieth quarterly, conference of the Relief Society of Box Elder Stake was held in the Tabernacle in Brigham City, March 9th, 188G, Sister Harriet Snow presiding. After the usual opening exercises, the minutes of the previous conference were read1 and accepts written reports were read ed,and twenty-on- e by the "secretary. Sister Perry, Prest of the Society at Three Mile Creek, had not attended the two' previous conferences, but considered it a great privilege to enjoy these meetings. Spoke of two good faithful sisters who had lately died in her ward. We ought to understand the principles of our religion, that mothers may be able to teach their little children to acknowledge the hand of the L)rd in all things. Let us not deceive ourselves in thinking we are something that we are not. Exhorted the mothers to guard their children well, remarking that we to'ok great pains in dressing the body, but should take more pains to clothe the spirit and lay up treasures in heaven. Miss Fannie Graehl, Treasurer, read her financial report, and made some interesting remarks. bister Albertsen, President of the J3ear River City.Society.said the good sisters in her ward felt united and well toward each other, and hoped all would prove faithful. She was followed by Sister Dewey Prest. at Dewey ville, who bore a strong testimony. sister Harper, Prest. at Calls Fort, saia when we are persecuted, we draw nearei to gether. If at present we are not so united as we ought to be, let us strive to do better, ana learn to guard each other's interest, v Sister Watkins, President of the 4th Ward, thought' this a time that we should strive to Jive faithful and be wide awake teaching our children to pray and being prayerful ourselves. . Sister Andersen, President of the 3rd Ward, who had been sick several months, remarked; It is said, those who leave father and mother for Jesus' name sake, shall receive a hundred fold again. This' she had seen manifested, tot the brethren and sisters could not have been more kind if they had been her own relations. After some concluding: remarks from rresu Harriet Snow, conference adjourned until I . o'clock. Afternoon session: Sister Susannah P. Booth,. President of the 1st Ward, was the first speaker: 'I think it is hieh time we have something w , draw us nearer together as a band of sisters-Iour meetings we are blest with the Spir1 of the Lord; our mission, as a Relief Society, is to assist those who are bowed down with Eickness and sorrow, or in destitute circum stances. - , n . 