WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 64 possible, so that the Young Ladies' Associa tions may be creditably reported at the Uc, Jew " the outgrowth of a paper on the subject. read by her perore a iicerarj sucie iu nu-,: ington, two years ago. A romantic young lady in London obtained met recently tho desiro'ot her heartshe . Sec. Central Board Y. L. M. Salt meat should be put in cold water to cook; fresh meat in boiling water, and if water is added, it should be boiling also.' To clean a bottle, put into it a tablespoonful of ashes; fill after a vigorous and thorough found as good as new. gift, from heaven to the JRev. 'p.. laboringman. - King. -- Scientific American says that if a bottle of the oil of pennyroyal is left uncorked in a room at night, not a ' misquito or any blood sucker will be there in the morning. Mix potash with powdered meal and rats will depart. If "stuff m its holes a a rat or mouse gets into your-pantrag saturated with a solution of cayenne pepper, and no rat or mouse will touch the rag for the purpose of opening a communication with the depot of,supphes, :,-- " e master-principl- .ToMake Vinegar. ?& apple parings into a stone jar, cover them with cold soft, water, and let them stand in a warm place until fermented, having covered the top with a clean cloth, and a newspaper, tied down to keep out in sects and dust. Stir the peelings or turn the jars as often as convenient for you to do so. Take out and drain the liquid through a colander, and' put it into a jug with pieces of white letter paper, or brown wrapping paper will do, to make mother. A little horse raddish, will improve it. Also half a cupful of molasses to four quarts will make nicer vinegar. , " The first terra of Dr, Ellis R Shipp's annual class in" :i, ' . ... Obstetrics Will begin Oct. ist,l886. .Every effort has been made to place this school upon the highest basis, and its educational facilities in this important Drancn q(i meuicuicr wunui uc Liberal reduction in prices win oe raaae 10 any branch of Reliei Society sending students. - Those who desire to attend should commnnicate at once with Dr. E. R JShlpp : either .verbally or by letter in order i to procure books and make necessary arrangements t for particulars send for circulars.- Office No. 1 8, Main St. . Salt Lake Qty, Telephone 383. - F. Auerbach & Bro. A Fall and Complete Stock ot - ;.' . MILLINERY. " , Spring and Slimmer Goods AND LAOIES. DRESS TRIMRIlPlGS. 2T ry, mau mat iruoruugivu all than a man a more thorough gentleman has Deen saiu the courts in Europe; and it is .true. You may la 1hnrinor men as thorough erentlemen as any duke, simply because they have learned to fear God; and fearing Him, to restrain themselves, which is the . root and essence of all good breeding. Kingshy: ; "Love is strong as death; many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown more it." - And never is this is exerted it when gloriously triumphant than to reclaim, restore, and purify the wandering be won, spirit; tor wherever there is a heart to ti it Will le won Dy Kiiiuuesa j nuu n uoi 6 will be it is a spark of virtuous sensibility, V The . JLt some kernels of corn, and it half full of water, and rinsing, the bottle will be Grape Jam. Take the common wild grapes and boil them until soft; pass the pulp through, a seive, and take" one . pound to a pound . of sugar. Boil the jam twenty" minutes, stirring it frequently. Dress has a moral effect upon the conduct of J. Barringlon. mankind. He who .hag. acquired his wealth unjustly . cannot enjoy it hug.Hesiod. The plainer the dress, with greater' luster does beauty appear. ITaia. j A. T. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. MISCELLANEOUS. a Louik M. Wells, - the sympathetic ho3te3 even arranged that she should be placed next to him. One reto mark, and one alone, did the poet address the gushing maiden at his sideband it was this: "I like my mutton in wedges." ' .The Sabbath is They must not be later than Sep conference. tember 2d. ! ANNOUNCEMENT. ...... ' . ' CALL AND EXAMINE. " . ' ' " ' " ; James jp :cp; A STEAM FITTERS iDJrxiD TINNERS, CAS.WATER Agent for RUJtSEYS celebrated LIFTand FORCE PUMP.i. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders froot the country promptly responded to. Allrisi. JIVZ2. B:i 336. CiLT L1XZ EATID ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, CITT. 1868. . gi-u- Wash and rub the hair well in buttermilk thoroughly rinse in clear water, and it will leave the hair soft and i Vnow by experience. J. D. W. consideration.S'.-w5- - In Tarry town, ,N. Y., last Tuesday, the Banks, made first appearance as an actress her Banks, on a New England stage,, at Portsmouth, N. H.; on Monday evening. I The mother of Gen. Phil Sheridan is still hale and hearty, though eighty-seveyears old, ' is and livlug st Somerset, Ohio, where her visit her every summer. "boys'' James Russell Lowell has purchased a lot in Ashfield,.near the houses of Prof. Charles Elliott Norton and George William Curtis, l : 4J a v..!U : n Patents have been issued to worsen during the week ending August 10, 1886, as follows: Hannah M. Bortree, Madison , Wis., Combined Corset and Garment Supporter. ' Marie D. Bullock, Philadelphia, Penri., ' ' Mary A. Henderson, Clinton, Mo., Coffee.;pot. Emma G. Nunn, Vassar, Mich., Adjustable Handle for Dusters. Clara K. Waring, Middletown, N. Y., Portable Folding Wardrobe. " - Editor Exponent: Dry G Gods, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, killed in Salt Lake City, by being thrown from her buggy, was a very energetic member of the Young Ladies Association of this Ward. She had left this ward la"tely to go to. Bountiful; her husband's occupation called him there. m The day before she left she bore a strong testimony, and desired to live th life of a true Latter-da- y Saint, and bade y for a season her Associates a kindly good-bher home is still in this ward. 1 RESOLUTIONS " SPECIAL NOTICE, t Alas I in a moment fell, I had not time to bid my friends farewell; Iu nothingjtrange, death happens unto all, y, and My lot thine may fall. . - Committee. ; Mary f - MENTS, - - . FoKBUSir, Ssjart. - - r; CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, : CARPETS r AND WALL PAPERS, ALL i . GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. VST We carry a larger and more comhtefe Stock than any house In the westi H. S. ELDREDCE. Supt Special to the; Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S WiU be found the latest styles and pioductlons DT?;T , A, TOOLS AND IMPLE- - ' " , Sarah A, , AGRICULTURAL And an elegant assortnienf of Sarah Burton, e ELEGANT COT GLASS, ; LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, "GLOVES, PAKAbumv COLLARS, TIES, : RIBBONS, to-da- i GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, OF RESPECT. Resolved, That we, the young ladies of Union Ward, do feel to tender ouf tribute of love and esteem to the memory of our departed sister, though .hurrieddly called to pass from timee to eternity. We feel that she is on the brieht side awaiting the resurrection of the just; and dear friends - ""; left behind. Whereas; we feel tosubmit to the will of an all wise God who doeth all things 'well, though called to an untimely ' end that all is will with her.and Whereas, we feel to condole and" sympathize with her bereaved husband, daughter and a large circle of relatives and friends, and feel to say mourn not as one without hope for she in bloom of life was called to pass the portals of ' death. '. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutfons be placed a upon record, copy sent to the bereaved husband and to the Woman's Exponent for publication. " : Notions,J Groceries .. . The late Sister Elizabeth James who was so recently -- The 'secretaries of Y. L. M. L A. of the different stakes will please prepare their semiannual reports and forward Ahem as quickly as IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF 0 , daugher of General Miss Maud Game. OBITUARIES. committee was woman's ' ticket for school elected by a vote of 96 to 8. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah;. ' - ' G-t)OD- S: xnv Special department for Ladies' Misses '.ana . .i: ant'e Shoes. Silt.-VI r ( 112, 111, 118, 113 EaUjetnfl . ( 