42 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. not have. Our leaders were wise enough to see and understand it, and bade us toil on, far the soil alone could yield us support. In unity Avas our strength, our hope, our safety, and by one of the greatunity-w- e est achievement of the nineteenths century, and made it possible for the nation to build a road across the continent. Wherever a colony planted its footsteps and erected a few huts to shelter, them" from the inclemency of the seasons,' there 'ttieir feeble efforts have been put forth to foster education, and some man or woman possessing a knowl edge of books or a faculty ior imparting instruction was employed to teach, the children, the rudiments of education in the winter, while the older boys labored in the field during the summer months, yet the younger ones were in school. One of the first requirements of-- every settlement, after j& few houses were, built for. family use, was to build a house, primitive it might be, but still it was a house, where the children were instructed through me weeK in sucn Drancues oi education as tneir . have-accomplish- ed uuuuiijf lb nils uptu ij jushuui, iue jumers aim the people in the principles of the Gospel, and trrp'np.miTO.ra ihp.m Tn tlifi liniw that. CinA Tin A not yet forsaken thenv Yes, trange. though it may seem, to speak of themercies of a risen Redeemer, and rejoice in th love that could lay down His - life to brinusback to the. fold of Go J. We were called the offseourihg of the world and the Vint oni!i a' innntlnmaroffl KfMim nf PTfHlf'nn could never have subsisted here. Intelligence and heroism guided by an overruling Providence alone could make it possible to colonize and cultivate these valleys. 'The bugle note of progress sounded by the snort of the engine," brought also c r, i ii uig tunujiuuu ui civmzauou, me rottenness that is striking at the nation's core. The damning argies of intemperance and debauch- cry are conuonea as tne common weakness ot humanity," and we are powerless to prevent it. Must we stand by and see our sons led to ruin, our daughters disgraced,cast aside and forsaken, whcii sonio fairer fond one claims the fancy of their seducers. - We are taunted as slaves, because we join heart and hand, to protect ourselves from the spoiler. Tho ballot in the hands of American citizens! Are we not American citizens, and whOshould hold the ballot if not those whose highest in terests are in the welfare of the country. She quotes the act conlernng sullrage on woman, the-feste- r- - which reads: "Every woman ofuie ago of twenty-onyears, who has resided in this Territory six! months next proceeding any general or special election, born or naturalized in the United States,: or who is the wife, widow or daughter of ! i.uuru or i. i; j citizen ,i u native OIj. 11 uaiurauzeu .... T .. i n i e tunitea states, snailii . D8 entitled tojvote-- at any election in this TerritorySho says the woman or girl that isjnot. the wife, widow or daughter of somebody is "anomolous." It doesjuot follow that every woman or girl is the -- wife, widow or daughter of a native born or ' naturalized citizen. Uiuhr the law, as will be seen, women who had liul hc?!i n'i x months in the Territory could not vote ur be registered. Every voter must be rtgU:red. lu order to register a woman. must lake oath that she is a native born or nafuTaiized citizen, over twenty-on- e yearsjof age nho that she has resided six months in the precinct iu which she wishes to vote, and no perssn can vote whose name is not on the register list. If the proper requirements were not complied with the election would be contested. In the face of this she makes the assertion that in two weeks preceding the first election after the Edmunds law, two thousand aliens, most of whom hacl habitually voted, tneir ' ' : when she presents them with such a conglomerate of ignorance and misrepresentation. My article is already so long I must pass over many. thing3 I would like to say. hnf p uq discussed by nope tncy wuiruo- - i,tt.ou-usome abler pen than mine. naturalized in the two district courts of Ogden and Salt Lake City. She says, "The trains freighted Wltn recruits ior luiou. wmcu urnveu a uay ur two preceding elections were met at the depot were iaK.cn py unurcn omciais. ine emigrants -believe that 13 a to tithing headquarters." I; wives and children, as well, were i -- -- , Mary J. Tanner. common custom, as they must be taken-some- li where until homes are found for them. then were Women and girls she further savsr" ' selected there and by aspirants for .sealing orders, taken to the endowment house and the marriage ceremony performed. On the morrow these wives of "native born or naturalized citizens," wholly ignorant of our language or laws, or the significance of the franchise,' with -- the odor of the emigrant ship still upon their clothing, were full fledged voters, arid deposited their ballots in full conformity with, the statu ', . " tory requireme nts. In face of the law which she has quoted this seems a strange statement, and, to put it mildly, there must be a mistake somewhere. I to such contradic cannot reconcile d law tory assertions, especially as the Edmunds man reads that a woman must not live with a who cohabits - with more than one woman,- - and the Commission adds, "in the marriage rela -tion." .; ; This would seem to complicate things still more. She says, "In case of a doubtful elec tion at a given point, re- enforcements were dis patched there from the new colony." Query: Were they kept six months in the weak pre cinct previous to the election and properly registered there. This would cause consider able inconvenience, and if their names. were not on the register the judges of election, who would be are many of them . .1 i! ll f It" 1 to reiuse tneir vote or ine election obliged would be contested. She quotes from Mrs. Stenhouse, whose statements, she says, "are as reliable as truth itself: "I have often seen, says Mrs. b ten- house, "one solitary man driving into the city a whole wagon load of women of air ages and sizes. They were going to the polls, and their vote would b3 one." "J?hat is all right if it is the right one, but that depends on who is to be pleased. I wonder if the solitary man was afraid of so many wonien She further says, "Many have voted two or three times." There must have been something wrong in the register, and as registrars were almost univer we cannot think that "men sally christened their mules, conferring upon them the name3 of men, and made them vote too." While I would not for. the world dispute the lady s word, I cannot but think that the mules must have had .most excellenjLtrainingr It reflects, too, 8mallcreditron7 the judges and clerksthat'they should not know mules from nen. Just imagine. his muleship .walking un to the table and handing no posting. Will the good lady be kind enough to tell us iust how a mule would deposit his ballot, and if any of those present were endangered by his PLEASANT Editor exponent: ----- - - -- non-Mormon- s, 1 non-Mormo- ns heels? x "Again and again has it been charged in the public prints of Utah, by eye witnesses, and unrefuted by theMormon Church, that the genealogies of the dead, the unborn and the deceased had been represented at the ballot : box." -.The Mormon Church can afford to let -- peo- ple use their own common sense sometimes in regard to what they believe. Why did she not say that the dead themselves came there to vote. The Mormon Church would not have disputed it. It is well known by all who vote that persons must hand in their ownjballots, and give their names. 1 t - If Mrs. Newman had ever voted she would not be so extravagant on the subject. She reflects no great honor on the heatjs of the nation, . ' A number of the officers and members of auu awo mo x oung .Ladies Association- met at the residence of Sister Mary A. bmart, to shownur respect to her in the shape ot a surprise party, on Inday, July ine rwenei oocieiy - " ' my-min- GATHERING AT UNION. r 9th:iWhile she- was viskinrr0 at hp.r erathered at J. Z. ' Smart,' the people A.O - fpn uv4 - h X . W M o, tJU in her absence, and had the tables spread with v a sumptuous uinuer. nenaiiwas in readifor When she entered the ness she was sent house she was completely overcome to see so many present, and she could not find words to express the - gratitude - and joy she felt on the persons, and after all had partaken of a bounteous repast, the afternoon was pleasantly spent. There wa3 a "programme gotten up for the occasion by the young ladiesrAn address d was read by the Assistant Secretary, S. A. Forbush, showing the esteem in which Sister Smart is held by her sisters for her diligence in her office as Secretary of the Relief Society of this ward; after which Prest. Richards and Coun. Ann Griffiths and others con gratulated her, made many suitable remarks, and presented her withT numerous presents, com--pose- and also $17 incash, inbehalfofthe.tw.o associations, Sister Smart being a live member of theY. L. A. Sister Smart expressed her gratitude to all present for the good will and esteem shown her by the sisters and some.o the brethren, " to-da- y uuu uuu u jiujt'ia auu VAtuuubUVO ui iuv Saints all through the sickness in her family, five of. her children being prostrated with the typhoid fever. I She felt to acknowledge that the hand of the Lord had been over them: for 1 V 1 l h i gooa, ior naa sue oeen caiiea upon to part with some of them in the absence of her who is in exile, she, felt the trial would have been severe. Felt grateful for the honor and respect shown her, and made mahv other excellent remarks, after which the time was taken up with songs, recitations and remarks from several of the teachers of the R. S. and others present. After spending several houri very pleasantly, all returned to their homes, feeling it would be a day leng to be remem bered. S. A. Forbush, Ass't Secretary. ouv i.i a nus-ban- d, ' Patents have been granted to women, during the week ending July 13 1886, as follows: Mary E. Cole, Letts, Iowa, Sophia M. Fein, Cincinnatti, 0., Doormat. Lizzie Honkinson. FrankfnrL Ind.. Com Sash-fastene- bined desk. embroidery-fram- easel, e, cooking and work-tabl- e . I. Jones, Lafayette, utensil. Lavenia r. - : " Ind., Steam- - : Maria R. McCIintock. Abbyville, Va.,Coin. holder. San Francisco, Cal, Key ICaty Rumetsch, ' hole guard. Ellen D. Starr, Chittenango. N. Y; Ap--' pliance for setting writing copies. , . . Isabella Yoxiftrt, Troy, 0., Pastry board. - 