EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ' --: ,1 r l .' narior rvirrftncv or coin in the mourn IOriCDl- , It . is liberalizing ideas fast, British politics. . rr it i and nno oi the advantages 10 women wm ue that people will more readily grant justice to women when the great principle that the right 'An rfpr.t the rrovernment should be shared by all the governed is accepted as the fundamental basis on which to give justice. It is not sur. a. country where they punish acid prising that suicide (unless people.. for. attempting imprison i 1. dcr flTTiOnnirVtriTrnTIflTP f iUIO muuu.uvu. iniatitYiQnr -m rrtrran . h. i should be tardy in acknowledging tne equal " right of womau with man to votejbut that they -- ... . iL- TK"?a it the "land of the free and the home of the brave" (save us heaven!) is one of the evidences that in America demagogues and politi- "iT" Ya ad rtirrrra , ri ir flnr? tnpflll flhnilt' 1 111 T. 1 u t, i w nypOCuOUUnaua uavc w&cu mc jnv,7 fifntpsmp.n. and that 'as a nation States is struggling back into the la3t century. i CJU i .1 1 . the-Unite- d 1 1 .1 " o United States would be a number of prominent funerals. As it is said the prayers of the -- - righteous availeth much, for heaven's sake let the righteous be pursuaded to plead with Providence to give us a chance to go into a pro- - - - " T " WANDERING 1- . 150 Y. DISEASED MONEY. A writer in the Manufacturer and Builder gives some very pertinent advice on this subject: vaIn the numerous speculations as e riety of ways a"nd channels through which the germs of contagious disease may be disseminated, there is one to which but little or no importance has thus far been attached, but which, nevertheless, probably plays an important i'ole. We refer to that universal circulating medium money. It passes impartially from the' hand of the millionaire into that of the beggar, constantly circulating through every viusa auu cuuuujuu ui society. j.ne person oi fastidious tastes, who will turn from hh path rather than risk coming into actual contact with others of unclanly dress or person dll receive, handle and carry in his pocket without the slightest symptoms of disgust, or perhaps without giving it a thought, money that has thousands of times passed through hands or reposed in pockets whose contact he would deem to be pollution. In respect to the dangers that may arise from this cause, paper money is undoubtedly more to be feared than coin, and the indescribably filthy appearance of much of that which is seen in circulation is familiar to all who read th'13. That tho handling of such nasty stuff is uuuu uaugunvim eeriuua uanger, no sensioie person can doubt. It would be, well if the system said to be in vogue in certain countries of Europe, of destroying every note that comes into the banks and issuing new ones in their stead were practiced with us, though even this would only to some extent lessen and not do art-awith the danger. But though paper currency is the most to mo otuic ui uuuiuiuuicaiing vt.u coin is by no means free from danger of the same kind. It ha3 been shown that the blackish coating, which may be seen in the re-cesses and in the milled edges of coins that nave been m circulation for a short time, consists of organic filth which when introduced into distilled water and examined under the microscope was foundto ba swarming with 7 bacteria and fungi. We are not sanguine enough to expect that our readers shall decline to touch or handle Uv vuo siuu, iui iucrcason3 nere pointed out, but we can not refrain from uttering our protest' the unutterable against, nastiness, of which many persons are guilty who would feel them-selve- s deeply insulted at any insinuation of a lack of refinement or good breeding, of placing ' to-th- . ais-eas- e, 1 .... nimo.st exclusively to finn t, womankind, and is an aAact of thoughtlessness flvAr nracticed. t, i i zp ' , wnicn, n auy wuu -v. we ieei sure tuey nm vv 0 '. , . ; : .. ENTER v oUsmi11 rnakinz change or most disgusting habit ls.singu whilft ranonP fu - ING-LIF- E. Albaugh's Grand contained a large and distinguished audience Mav'tith : the- - occasion beiner the twentieth an nual graduating exercises of the Spencrrian Ppera-HQUse,AVashingt- . The auditorium resembled a magnificent so laden with the perfume . of many flowers was the fragrant air. Wniie waiting for the exercises to begin, the Marine Band rendered a number of selections, in its inimitable manner. The cards of invitation -- which had brought tbi3 congregation together were probably the mo3t artistic specimens of lor tne purpose in tnat engraving ever-issu- ed ;city. One contained excellently executed portraits of the Cabinet, and the other, the names of the graduates. The following was the pro- , , gramme. T. Balti of A. Rev. Invocation, by King, more." Mexican Serenade, "Mandolina:" Gen tlemen's Salutatory, H. Norman Fleming; A College Song, "Nut Brown Maiden," Spen- cerian AJoiiege quartet:, jiessrs. Newman, Pnilllos. Steele and Soencer: Ladies' Saluta- tory, Bertha L. De Graffe; Cornet Solo, "La Belle Amazone," Mr. Walter J? Smith; Uen tlemen's Valedictorv. Paul - A. Steele: Xvlo phone Solo, "Schmeichelkatzchen,". Mr. F. W. Lu9byLadies Valedictory, Augusta C. Wil- Jige; bong, "Annie .Laurie, bt. Cecilia tuar-tett- ; Solo by Mrs. H. H. Mills; To Lady Graduates.Vice Principal Mrs.Sara A.Spencer. Caprice,"Yankee Patrol ;"To Gentlemen Graduates, Principal Henryt C. Spencer. A College Song, "Upidee," College Quartett; Valse, "OlieMama." Awarding Diplomas, by Hon. Daniel W. Voorhees, United States Senate. Galop, "Fun in a Skating Rink." hot-hous- w, FOOLSCAP. : ANNUAL GRADUATING EXERCISES OF 8PEN CERIAN BUSINESS COLLEGE. Rusinesa Colleere. ghastly possibility of his wife becoming like ,ner rises uaiure m m. xxcui;c.iaese savage tribes prescribe the rule that never after marmother-in-laand riage should a man see his social law became a or in time, custom. tjjis e, The origin of this term in its application In paper 13 UUtUlii buu luigicauug eiiuugn to be repeated here. After Charles I. of England had Deen executed the new government of which Cromwell was the head set to work.and one of its aims was to remove everything that 1 m . . rpi li smacneu orP royalty, me paper in official use up to that: time had as a water-marthe when Cromwell was asked king's crown; and what should be. put in the place of this crown; Vift Hirpp.tftd a fofil's can to be nut in tacr nf i the crown. This was done, and when Charles II. ascended the throne of England it was at first forgotton to. replace the cap by something else, and afterward the king was afraid to do anything to recall things dangerous to touch, and so it was neglected, and the fool's cap may - on nearly all official be seen as a water-mar- k papers in England. It was used in America, but of latelt has "disappeared," while the wbrd fool's cap remains as an indication of a certain size of paper. 0. B. ' 1 k A PROMINENT EYES. The eye is sometimes protruded in conditions of disease directly or indirectly related to the coorgan. People who are short-sightenstitutionally dropsical, or affected by hypertrophy of the membranes, have protruding eyeballs, but as a rule their appearance indicates the abnormal condition. The eye of health differs much from the eye 'of disease, and experience enables the observer to discriminate quickly between them. C. B. d, Patents have been granted to women during the week ending April 27, 1886, as follows: Marie Ginoris, New York, Artificial Fruit. Mary E. Walker, Oswego, N. Y., Indicating Orthography. Annie Walther, Fond du Lac, Wis., Garmen- t-fastening. MOTHERS-IN-LA- Amelia H. and Music-holde- IN HISTORY. WarJpringfield, Mass.; Book r. To support tne idea that mothers-in-lahave been never favorably regarded, ethnologists tell us that a singular custom, which enacts that a man shall never look upon the face of his mother-in-laafter he is once married, prevails amongst numerous savage peoples apparently widely sundered by geographical distribution and differences of race. The custom 6b tains among the Kaffirs of South Africa, w w among several of the Australian tribes, and among many Polynesians, a fact which some people assume to point to a common origin of these races, but which others look upon as testimony of the existence of a natural law;-aa piece of wisdom indigenous to each of these countries, and "the direct growth of in-- , dividual experience. The custom being found: in guch widely separated continents as Africa and Australia is considered as proving that it must have been suggested by some common necessity of human nature, and reasons are not wanting 16 show why savages discovered it was better for a man hot to look upon his mother-in-law- . the Primarily, say supporters of thi3 theory, because his mother-in-lawas a picture in anticipation of what his wife was likely to be. Before marriage, a man's mind may not be open to the cold process of comparison, but afterwards he begins to consider what sort of a bargain he has made, and if his mother-in-lahas not improved with age, the s w w Princess Louise's illustrations and sketches of Canadian life and scenery are used excluto sively in illustrating the new guide-booCanada, compiled and just issued by the Dominion government. k The free Monday scientific lectures have become so popular among the daughters of the artisans of Birmingham, England, that washing day has been changed to Tuesday. The London Globe considers this the greatest achievement of science thus far. There was picked up in London recently one of the fifty copies 'of Mrs. Brownings earliest poem, "Marathor." It -- was writtea when she was eleven years old, and was printed by her father. It is now in the hands of the keeper of printed books Museum. at the British There was lately held in Westminster Town Hall, England, an interesting meeting under the auspices of the Rational Dress Society. Upwards of one thousand ladies attended. The desire was for a dress that shall be healthful, useful, and becoming.. It was contended that a dress need not weigh more than seven pounds, instead of twenty pounds, as a fashion-abledre- does at present - sa 