II. tl I II . fit it tJ I 1 I "V III! .II I ;i M I 1 J , li lt I 11 I The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 15. THE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 1, 1880, FARM-HOM- E,- You're weary grown, my girls and boys, Of this caf'm, quiet country life; You long again for city scenes. The busy spirit and its sftrife; You miss the lights adown the streets. The bands of music, daily news; Could choice direct ust and not need, " I, too, (hat brighter life would choose. Yet here in grandeur, mountains rise, And every month new beauties bring; From autumn's wealth of richest dyes To graceful tints of lovely spring; And birds that charm and lure thee on, -- And luscious fruits, that few can buy, " " While gentle creatures of "our own Reward our care and please the eye. The girls, with weary patience, still ... . Keep on their, way, as women do, But boys will stop a hundred times d creature to pursue; Some And when recalled, their flying steps Halt all the way through blooming clover '0, I'm so tired, I'm almost dead, It tmly needs the pushing over." gay-winge- But yet the time will come to them, It may be many years from now, "When they'll remember with a laugh The ills that shadowed childhood's brow; They'll retollect the walnut trees, branches droop around, in the fall The nuts where leaves o'er spread the groundT Whose bower-lik- e -- AndJiowJhey..gathe.red They'll recollect the trees that bore The earliest fruit, the latest, too, Their garden patches, where each one Planted just what it pleased them to; And how they played at hide and seek - All through the orchard long and wide, And laughed at bare legs dangling down From boughs where some one sat astride. - They!! recollect how once there came - When snow was deep and night wind cold, A man of prayer and prophecy Of hymns he sang and truths he told; . That seemed like legends pure and sweet', Yet of the future, not the past; And how the present, humble poor "" ",. Would end in blessings at the last. ; Thanks be ta Him for this retreat, - : Where worldly teachers have no place, And may He guard our humble home By His own power and His grace; Here may God's lessons and His love Grow in their souls each year, each day, Deep rooted trees, that, reaching high. No storms can break or tear away. This spot of earth, so lowly now, Within their memory yet will be The sacred center where drew round The visions of futurity. 7 From missionary fields afar, . . My boys', at times, in thought will turn To this, the altar of their hearts, ."'" With deeper love its worth to learn, ' . ; v And Vn the silver string of time, Mem'ry will gather for my girls Souls here they loved and truths they found Worth more than gold more pure than pearls. And when o'er all these fields so fair f Ten thousand Saints their dwellings rear, Not lonely then, I'll see them smile, Contented that our home is here, Augusta Joyce South Bountiful, Junt othriSSS. ginning of new Edinburgh. It is the superb monument of Sir Walter Scott, which starnds at the north east corner of the Coch iron. ,,. is said days was converted into a large canal, or dock. The Edinburgh then existing was built on the side of the dock on which the Castle is situated, and is now known as "Old Edinburgh," as distinguished from the modern part of this remarkably beautiful city On the old side the . buildings were of irregularlheight,! yet- built comparatively together, and followed the shape of the ground, which rises as it runs toward the west, and terminates abruptly in a huge cliff or overhanging precipice, on the verge of which is built the walls surrounding the Castle. As the eye travels from the" east to the west, noting the. old fashioned architecture of th' fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, which is still preserved, with its delightful irregularity and bold projections intermingled with portions as deepened in shadow as the other is full with light, the Castle (towering above on a hill or cliff whose perpendicular sides are of impregnable rock) fulfills the purpose of a climax, and is one of sure magnificence and unques tioned grandeur. As the buildings have fol lowed run nearly east and west. But a small portion or mis oncewaier way is now used as a rail way depot, while the remainder has been converted into one of the sweetest and most attractive public gardens the eye could wish to rest on. These gardens are in breadth perhip3 150 rods or more, with the exception of tho portion used for the railway, and being of an undulating character, give opportunity for that pleasing variety which is the charm of landscape gardening. Running east and west along the north side; of these gardens is Princess Street, the right side skirting the gardens, and the north devoted to business places the principal hotels, club houses and fashionable business establishments being located on it. Here "New Edinburgh" begins. Going over to the north side of the gardens, one can either ancend their grassy slopes, or climb an eleva tion .in the "old city, and, till his heart fills with pleasure, gaze down on the and view the new or modern Edinburgh stretching away for miles beneath his feet, while from the north, or new side, the bold front of Castle Hill, and the broken and fantastic architecture of the old city lend a rharm to the intervening gardens, that is inex prteiibly captivating. The view is materially enhanced because of the absence of anything to break the pro'spect. The only buildings' between Princess Street, for the length of the gardens, and "old Edinburg," are the Academy of Designs and the Art Gallery. The rare beauty of Princess Street is due to this unbroken .view of the old city and to the breadth of view and unlimited variety jot scenery it presents (from frowning and massive cliffs and undulating and grassy slopes to the terraced walks, rural retreats and health distilling fountains embraced within the remarkably limited area, of the gardens) and not because, of the magnificent of tho buildings which, (though they are fairly massive and pleasing to the eye) adorn it on tjjeorthrside, and -- mark the bo- - " . Another featura PRINCESS STREET, EDINBURGH. that Princes Street, Edinburgh, is the finest in the world, and one can readily believe it. It is the first one sees, whichever of the two lines . of he may enter the olden In the times celebrated Castle city by. Hijl, a position almbst impregnable, was partially surrounded -- by 7 a moat, which iVlater " No. 3. fair-ground- s which Gontributes to the beauty of this street gardens, and looks like an unwearying sentinel, visible alike from the new and the old side. At the east end of the. street rises the Calton Hill. On. this, and over looking Princess Street, stands the monument to Nelson. Still further east, though not so high, but on tho same eminence, are the few fluted columns which mark the spot where Edinburgh began the erection of a monument to Scotland's greatest lyrist, Robert Burns. Because, however, of a failure of her citizens" to contribute, and their nigto the modest request gardly refusal to accede of .Glasgow(that: the " Glasgo'wlatbf arms might bo placed on the monument when com- - -pleted, conditioned upon her furnishing sufficient means to complete the magnificent work) it remains as though only commenced, and is now popularly known os "Scotland's Disgrace." Still further away is the highest point in the is also visible from this street, vicinjty,-whiccalled "Arthur's Seat." Walking the length of this rare street, and it is not very lonone can see that which will delight alike the admirer of old styles of architecture's shown in "Old Edinburgh;" the student of history whose ancient lore is revealed by the silent tongue of the old Castle and its scarred And precipitous foundation; the lover of modern civilization" as displayed in parka and architec- ture of a more recent date, and thoatvwho love nature in her varied forms. There is ho season! no hour, hen this street does "'not present a succession of scenes of' rare beauty and sublimity. The my and ro."y dawn, tht; deepen ing twilight, the cloudy hours, the full ''blaze of the mid-dasun, or its first rays or fading tints, the tender glory of the young moon, and the broader, fuller and purer light of the glowiug orb of night with its deeper shadows,Leach reveals beauties known only to itself, and in forms that vary with the changing hours. The old city with its ruggej front looks like another world in the darkened night, when from out the numberless windows (which rise higher and higher above the unfathonable blackness , beneath) the light gleams forth, just as we might Jmagine fires, in iufinite numbers, bursting through a solid and impregnable wall, so high that the blue sky and its. starry gems seem to rest upon its serried and broken battlements. And when the soft haze of lingering eve, mellowed by the tender and loving", glory of a rising moon, reveals but dimly the outlines, toning down and hiding the deep scars iu the" ragged cliff, it seems like some fair world lifted far up into the azure heavens, so ethereal and tender that even a breath might dissolve, yet Jnaccessiole because of the solemn darkness beneath. Is it a wonder that this street should be the unrivalled? . R. V. S. -- h y . THE BISHOP OF DURHAM ON i WOMEN'S EDUCATION. The Bishop of Durham yesterday presented the prizes to the pupils of the Stockton High School for Girls, and in the course of an address remarked that when he was informed that sound religious instruction was given in the school, he ;deeided to accept the invitationto be presentr (Applause.) -- A raan without re- - 