WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 112 chosen for this pleasant duty, and lie v. Marion Murdock made the ordination prayer, in worth go tender and trussing that every heart was .touched. The sight of three women eonse- - ending Nov. 16., 1886: Maria E. Beasley, Philadelphia, Pa.,. Mak"" ing Barrels. the Week he stopped with his John VVn'i. Keddingtonja August, 1886, and departed this life Dec. 1st, 1886, having labored faithfully for the cause of truth from the day of his baptism until his demise, believing in the principles "and or dinances ot the Gospel as revealed through Joseph Smitii the.: Trophet. He died like one going to sleep, without even a gasp, m the hope of a glorious resurrection, leaving a loving ne, ergnt cnuaren ana twenty-nin- e grandchildren He was a devted husband and a wise and tender parent. ' Syrina n..Bir,Gs. ; son-in-la- . crated to. the ministry made the : ceremony doubly impressive. The suffrage porkers take new courage and grow strong under such an 7 inspiration as this. S. Matua Okwig. ; 188Des Moines, Iova, Nqy.. 1.0, ; ; Hot Springs, Ark., Mary Lane, ' r Hose-nozzl- e ""'v'v :. Susanna Oldberg, Washington, D. C. , Rubberer. ;rr'rrT - Logan to continue his temple work, which he left unfinished Patents have been issued to women during . - ": -boot. ; - Floreii cerM. - Bey noltla, Los; AngelQ3-- ' Cal.a and Rack. Adjustable Skirt-holde- r Harriet W. R. Strong, Oakland, Cab, Win, dow-sasholder. A PLEASANT. GATHERING. fifty-sevent- TIN The most Never deceive ' your children. essential point in, our intercourse with our children is to ,be perfectly true ourselves. Every other interest ought to be sacrificed to that of truth. When we in any way deceive, a child, we not only show him a pernicious example, but lose our own influence over him forever. Parents cannot be too guarded in this h c selves. Haiuukt Luke. A PLEAS ANT PARTY. respect. A large number of the Pleasant Green Relief Society met "at the houseof their President, Alvira Spencer Hirst, on her twentyeighth recently, arid save her a thorough birthday, j The women of Wisconsin are hereafterto vote upon school affairs. This amendment was carried at tne recent election nyircnajoniy of 4543. Thus, quietly but surely, does the world move along, and woman will be more womanly when man recognizes her equal individuality and woman dares assume the high prerogatives which this recognition involves. Unity. The National Woman Suffrage Association has established a woman's lecture bureau at .ChicagorwithMrs. I. H. Roby as manager. She desires to get all first class lecturers to nlnpp tliPTTi!pl vp in flip Vin.nds of ibis 'bureau . and would like them to have at least two lectures on the suffrage question. For further .particulars, address Mrs. I. H. Roby, Wabash Avenue, ChicagoT No.-210- 6 Franpis Minor has an article in the December Foruni arguing that women have the right to vote at Federal elections under the U. S. Constitution, and that the Supreme Court of the United States ought to revise its decision to the contrary. be delightful if the Supreme Court would do so, but until the present judges die off ami a nesv set- - come in, there is not much hope of it. Wo marl's d . Mary-A- . Lambert, s, Thomas Biggs,' son of Johnathan Biggs and Elizabeth Edwards, born October 29th, 1815, in Bona, Inverness Married Syrina Billings Piercy in London Scotland. England, Dec. 25th, . Baptised into the Church of Latter-day of Saints Christ at Welling, Kent, Eng Jesus land.'March 24th, 1848. Ordained a Priest April 16th, 1848, at Woolwich, Kent, to which branch they belonged. Ordained an Elder August 29th,. 1849. Emigrated to the United States the same year. Came to Utah from Council Bluffs in 1852. Settled in Provo that year and built a house, then came to Salt Lak City and was ordained a Seventy, and received into the Twenty-fift- h Quorum of Seventies April 17th, 1853, and moved his family to Salt Lake City in May, 1853. Worked at blacksmithing on the Temple Received his endowments ' March 17th, 1854. Block. Moved to Sugar House Ward and worked with George By water and others in building and fitting up Sugar House, he came again to Salt Lake City and labored in the Tithing department until the fall of i858, his family in Provo, and worked in the Tithing Office, 1859 then moved to Salt Lake City an,d Pgain worked in the Tithing Office, then moved again to Provo, and from there went to the Promontory and worked on the railroad, then to Weber Canyon; and labored on the Union Pacific R. R.; then to the C. P. R. R., havirtgHvorked on the different railroads in all about four years.; In 1873 moved into the 1 6th Ward, Salt Lake City, and worked at his and had charge of that departtrade, being a boiler-makement for the Utah Central, which position he filled for about four years, then being called on a mission to Arizona, leaving Salt Lake City in 1877, and arriving in Arizona March, 1878. Having had poor health for the last four years, he left for il I r IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF D ' ..... rumored that a newspaper is to be started in London, owned and run entirely by comwomen. Editors, reporters, posers, stereotypers, and even the ''devil" are ; to be women or girls. .is. 1868. SALT LAKE CITYi Utah. ry Goo d s N o t i o n s G ro c; e ri es , , HEAVY AND SHELF. HARDWARE, er NOTES AND NEWS7 SALT LASS CI77.-- : - fifty-thre- Fanny Brown, Fanny Jenkins, Committee. r 7 - -- We had a very happy time, Spending most of the day and evening 111 singing, recitations, etc. We had some very good remarks from the bishop and his counselors; also some of the other brethren. It-woul- M. Brining. .Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Sister Ann Jenkins, First Counselor in the Relief Society of the Fourth Ward, Salt Lake- City, who died suddenly at her e TesidenceKov.-i3th, 18.86, aged years. has Whereas, It pleased our Heavenly Father to call from us by the" hand of death our beloved and respected in the Relief Society, therefore, sister and the members of the Relief Society of the Resolved, By Fourth Ward, that in the death of Sister Ann Jenkins, we haVfeJost a wise counselor, true friend and faithful laborer in the Relief Society; one who was ever patient, zealous in her religion and faithful to every duty; and her many good " qualities will ever remain as a monument to her memory. Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with the bereaved family in the loss of a tnle and 'loving wife,' a kind and ' affectionate mother. , MResolyed, That a. copy of these Resolutions be placed" on our minutes, printed in the Woman's ExrONEXT, and ' a copy given to the bereaved family. Jane S. Smith, . Susax M. Spekry, Committee. Box 336. E8TABLI8 II E D OCTOBER, " - proof-reader- "Addreis. DAVID JAME3. At a meeting of the Relief Society-o- f the Fourth Ward, ' held Dec. Lake Salt 8th, i886, the following resolu- City, tions were unanimously adopted: surprise. When we were all seated to partake of the bounties of the earth, the Bishop presented her with a handsome book, entitled, "History of Salt Lake City," in behalf of the Relief So-p- i e ply. Our President was . almost overcom with surprise and gratitude, but she arose and made a short speech, in which she thanked all tKo cicfora fnr ahnwinrr so lTMieh loYG and YC- spect to her, although she did not feel herself It J. GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS N ERS, ; IN MEMORIAM. - f Mrs. 6c CO., ?r Agent for tt'UMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FORcf PfJMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from ' the country promptly responded to. -- - JJi.lvE3 ZDj&SVXID h The friends and relatives of Sister Ann Murdock. of Heber Citv. in "honor and respect, birthon iier gave her a surprise ' them-picniand presents. day, bringing with There were speeches, songs and recitations, and themthey all seemed to feel well and enjoy r - GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, TOOLS AND IMPLE-- . AGRICULTURAL MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS ANPCHEMICAL8, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. ' ftsy We carry a larger and more Stock than any house In the west. 8. ELDREDCE H. . complete S u p t. 18-17- . then-joine- d . r, " Special-t- the Ladies. o AT TEASDEL'S ' Will bo found the latest styles and pioductions in - , RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, F4NS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, LACES, V And an elegant assortmenf of ?iDE,ir G-0- 0 id s : SpeciaPdepartment for Ladies'' Misses' and Shoes. In-ant- 's , 112,, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Stre Fqp Sale atjtMs Mfim. Boop byjuzTr. SKOV. - 25c. per copy PRIMARY SPEAKER, Nos. 1 and 3, " MU31C BOOK for Primary Hymn Book, 40c. " $1.00 POEMS, by E. R. Snow, Vol. 1, " vol. 2, containing stool engraving " of the author, bound In morocco, 1.25 CORRESPONDENCE OF PALESTINE TOURISTS, with steel engravings of George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, ' bound in cloth, $1.25, in morocco, - 1.50 . 