123 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WRITTEN WHENriTAD 3EEt CHURCH ONE VE AKt 4 J - luIgK wtheil on Kaaman'a wife. w Kcta is left a wide space for the imagination of me reader now much id contained m these few words; all prelude, is entirely omitted but the. sequel assures us that this lady was a uoble woman, ana nad takeif the iittlo maid under her care and had excited in her mind a dove for her employers, and that her young heart iiu Luougnt over ana commiseratea the annexion rof her master.T Though young and a captive, brought from her home and friends) the kindnessrof her mistress had excited: her no doubt she saw daily her, iiusband made Jhow.saq4iheanliction-o- f her. It'would appear that some allusion had been made to this great affliction, for the words seem to rush from her h.eart to her lips, and she breaks out, " Would God t my 1 ord were with the prophet that is in Samaria. for ffe would recover hi m of hia leprosy." What 'a simple assertion! and yet what decided' faith Is in every word of it; what reverence and de- .votion to her employers; how rare, but yet hoiy ' " : beautiful, narrative goes on to say, "These words were told .to. Naaman"- - most probably by his " m m .1 ; wne ana tne great oiheer ot state must have had a noble, unprejudiced mind, to listen to an asasrtion from the little captive maid! but alflietion is generally accompanied by humility! nd a promise of relief in such severe suffering, even irom so humble a source, waj attractive, for she had spoken osiUvely, add her words were thrilling; she had preached principles of the Gospel,- and we know the power of God goes with them Probably he had been impressed with the. serious, devout mind of the child which would naturally give weight to her words, and . he pondered upon them. It appears that the words of the child had,; been told. to. the King of yna, and di xectly he .determined to send a letter to. the King of Israel with a handsome present, a.nd said in the letter he had written, "I herewith send r,aam,an tay ervant unto thoo, thb tboci mayst recover him' of his leprosy!''. But when the King yha dread - the letter, he rent h is j and said "Am I God, that , this man "clotheg doth'send unto me "to recover, a man of liis leprosj? See How he aeeketh a quarrel against , FRIENDSHIP, LOVE AND TRUTH. Three stairs are shining, en 'me Itbm.ibe' WMSTii.::'-.:- 7c Thrc gjfU .of, $0$, tie iMest aWc best;--- Thre,trbng tiapul5ea that htve . ; turned, ipe round; T ; . out the .wayr 7 guardian ancl$( pointing Three voices urging me to "wttch'and pry;" Three 'sflrer tnunpeU,'' God's own heralds sound; Three "rouster rolls' that juramoq i.LL around; Three whispers echoed from the voice of God! 3: Three' scourges ready7 should I need the rod; Thrice pearls dissolved m life t ojt bitter tup Three tmeUti&X urge me on lo drink it up; ;. Three index hands,. that point me to the goal; Tbree magnets that attract and fir my soul; : J Three paths, that lead direct to Eton's ,hUI; ., -- ITiipe , -ar- " lx:alcAxmis(sdld, for roediitit.. '.,''- .... .'.. ;; , , Hannah T. King. " , ' Dcrnford Dale," England." ; ; - . - m-sympathy,-as a- - ' s . . WEAVERSJIVE. . .ps Til : In sunshine; in shade, in pleasure and gloom, Weave we Life's tissue on Time's busy loom. - 5 warp as weave we. may, Vain ouroiJ vaia alt pur s&ill; ; , Bewildered by Fate, the web shall be r f Not Ihc.fasbioo. o( pur will-- -. ; For a double thread e'er rurW through the wift, In the rMt stitchaomYalke loop is left. ; . . of mature age, It my young friends to read this-- ; history of will find Naaman and the "little maid"-r-thit both interesting and instructive. It will be found in ii Kinp-s- chanter vJTIn the same chapter they will read of Gehazi, the servant of Elisha, who,' hearing his master refus'e the rich present offered him ; by Naaman, deter mines to bespeak it for himself, and having ' procured it, returns and stands before his master, .who is severely angry with him, and says to : him, "The leprosy of Naaman' shall cleave unto thee forever, and he went out from his presence a leper as white a3 show' HamnaH' T. KinqI ' Salt Lake City. . dignity : ; : , " -- -- s : - : . re-que- st and-seriousnes- ey . ... - Wea ve-- we education had evidently been carefully at tended to, and her young character evinced one--of-th- e Threads of gold through, the bright new woof Gleam when the work is begun; ., flf in dull The gold grey hues And. fades ere'ibe. work is done: . - . . ; VVTiilt some strands are snarled, and the tangled stain Is "soiled in the weaving with salt tears' stain. pls " -- Weajners.jre at the loom of Time, ; $nttft arp.our shuttle, (lying; Waan4,wpof we're, weaving fast, feff " . n;i;n - , , Three messerlgers of peace, that calm my fears, ' And fondly urge nieihro this vale of tears. ' I Lord liveth. befons Mom i "starkl wfiViskei hothinc:," Then Naamatf declares that hen 'frc- forth ho will offer neitlier burnt offering nor UeacrifiQe to any Qod but unto the Lord; but he entreated Lhsha to pardon him when he olTtMilfl ln va tn fit fend Jthri TTiri(y wIph TiA tppnf: to "worship in the House of Rimmon,'andwuuiu uavo, iv- uvw iiimacii viuwu wmi tuo Kingr the Lord pardon thy servant in this And Elisha- said to him, "Go in thing." peace." So he returned healed and blessed to uio vnu nyucv it j x V'W.v uw a va v vi a wmiwhwj nor of the little maid, who was the instru ment in the hand, of God of bringing about that glorious result; her name is not even given; hey sex and occupation is all that she is designated by, but the meditative mind will draw her ..- -a on.i :f.v.A sweet and beautiiul m child or liod, and it-iits brief simplicity, and. is a subject for con- templation, especially for Jie youdg of every age, as an example to them to follow and imitate. : The Scripture says "she was of the land of Israel." Hence, of course, ehe was of Hebrew blood,, and this Will account for her . 7 " . : " -- , Alasl who gayest wpre at 4aw, h Asstow. the duilUngths unrrel, , " ', Most weary at the : , evening's close ,. ,) .Tqjljl pn at the restless wheels ;j r ...... t .. . Till he snaps 'his' thread, and his shuttle drops, WBeri the Idem with, its'unshaped fabric stops. Then one picks up thejrqken !idSi 1 . . wdx th$ weaver .vove. FormsJhe ' ' V 'i i. . - lie imooth.royghness out,.-;.- . . me'. . .: . . .., , - .. . - ' - - f Whatever the worker fashioned below. ' His robe of light or his garment of wot.StlecteJ. . ;. jSlisha heard Ihat; the Kingof jfeael wa3 much excited over the letter, and "he went to him and ' Said "Wherefore has thou rent thy . clothes? " Let; him come now' to me, and" he ' jihall Icnmihii there' is a' prophet in Israel." 80 Naaraan went with his horses and chariots and waited at the door of the houseVof Eliaha; aiptd Elisha sent a messenger to him; saying; "Go wash in Jordan seven times, and "thy jfleah ahali cleave unto thee, and thou shalt ' bei;lean!!x f,jBtit .laaman, turned away in anger; hia was , wounded; he thought, that; JEUsh.a pride T ...... . l come sur , to nim out; wouia iiayer njmsei the of , of the, mo3t; fayoredv onlcers King, oog that'he would have. drawn "his hand over the place, ano Bp .recovered'' him; hr alsQ jiwught stjsari thaijlthe said, he, hot woy, wash in olie'of'the 'npble rivers of Damascus?, S'd''liS turned away in 'rage' r''v Now again we aeea'ispray:.of theliirkipg humility" of Naaman'ss character, for the hudriahugdes onit o "say, "His servants came ',: tKet tfrlsii'biiin abet1 leautifufand lititHng the itrcsiffmifiife .;and charactiers - jithos, ;tai Mdne' frdiabkhftiilich Thit-io- f deriviedjt' - rNaamaii s&emar 'always thtmatid aj love tfiatmjpos 7ever Tfiiprcisediiie, instrUctroajma7r thai Mo n6 iban- rlad - -- e & 1 1 1 1 1 , 'IJjf'J i'hiclijrMta:; . . dreadful afflLctiotir iiia mirreioui j3les3ing?,aQd restoration to perfect - health I even 'as a litUe childand&all JrougK the iDtrroexitaHty of t a little captive tnaid; ,ffithout: lipgerihg over ity if the Prophet "had told thee to do some great again aim agaia witk a feeling- of deep .thfngVwdiilda't- thou' not; have'dohe'it? How nds of love and htauty, rjetTading the ranch rather, then, when he saith to thee,-- wash Jn the Sacred and he clean' Then he went and dipped nmi, oc.Naanaan,;: :Mp,-tolYOr wfo the Kingjof seven times in Jordan, according to the eajing . Sxriari. being, icaptainrf j the host, and was of the man t)f God,' and his flesh came again honorable,; jbecaus$ him;, jthe Xprd had given like the flesh of a little child's, and he was cleanJ'-c- L ; l.j, V vj?T. & Then he XWor and returned'to jyaa Elbha said, "Now M Ibz-i- ilpt I Now, the Snans had gone out in companie, I know that there Js no God in all the earth wd had brougdt a way captive. a little maids jut in .Israel,? and he desired to make him a 'I - ; re-fl-on - d &t?WtrJ ji? ijj tohe, ' Women jump' at conclusions and generally hit; mien reason things 'out logically and V ly jniss it. "T. A woman always carries her purse an her hand so that other women will see it; a mau carries hii in his inside pocket 60 that hia wife " : . ; y : . ' : ": ' ' j v 4,.' , . MISCELLANEOUS. wont see it ''-- ." ': , . : ; - . If instead of a 'gemj' or even a', flower,' we could cast the gift of a lovely thought into the heart 6f a friend, that 'would be giving as the angeis give. uco. macuonaw.. ' An old. proverb says: If a person dies without the services of .a dpctor, then "a coronor must be called in 4ind a i jury empanelled to inquire and determine upon the cause of; death; butjf. a; doctor, attended the casej then no coroner ?.! and jury are. needed, as everybody knows why -- the p&rs'Qi): '$iidttMedical: J$aUL:i , ;i; ,"s A Well Ktio'wn dealer in pictures, !i candidate in the r Radical interest ' for's One" ? of the di of . Lancashire, "was latdy making a the nsual sp'eeck'and.in'the' coarse of it drew J Rad ical' caricature sketch of the : relative achievements of the Liberal and the Tory party. After proving to his own satisfaction that everything was good, from the solar system and the precession of the equinoxes down to ' v.i-sio- - : ' " -- had been incheap calico and school-boardvented by the Liberals, and that all the eyils of the universe arose .from the incursions into power of the Tories, be wound up by.?aying, 'Look on this picture and onthat!" ; t jhu a man in ih.e"all3,whpad listened imrj atient-l- y to the catalogue of good and evdf cried out, "JiTone of your blooming shop! Talk politics." s, nr . 