ypMANS EXPONENT, 154 every kind. How often have the sweet lines of Watt's hymn: ' I Echoed the . . . A Hannah T. Kino. CLEVELAND AND DEMOCRACY. ip:mocuatic oroan on the situation-n- o HOPE OP BETTERING A BAD CONDITION. st The time has come for -- plain The hope of bettering a bid condi. speech.' tion of things by patient forebearance, by approbation for all that could be approved, and by the desire to avoid every cause of probable difficulty, ha3 induced Democrats to withhold longer be properly con.. truths that can no cealed from public view. Candid consideration of them may possibly provide a remedy for existing evils. A year has passed away since Mr. Cleveland was inaugurated, as President," under fhe cheerful and encouraging ' auspices, party was united and the outlook was satisfactory when he entered thfe' White House. The situation tOMiay compared with what it was on tne iu oi Auurcn, i ooo, i sauiy altered. ; It is U9t necessary to enquire into the causes "which have brought about this serious, ehjuige. The fact exists that there is no, cordial coufi-deni iili t!" C'Kn'jMmicatiou, nor jioiiticai . and-hone- c f cohliiTiret avoFi iTn (r P r esldeh Fand" theDe rn o -- They have been drifting . apart gradually, until it "may be said the line of separation between them has become broad and marked. The President's want id experience in national .affairs; and his slight acquaintance with public men, are doubtless into which responsible for some of he was unconsciously enticed in the beginning of his new career. The composition ot illustrates one important mistake enrts in - Congress. the-crro- rs tliejrxrj : n ay he is constantly seekfrg concerning persons, who have been abroad. proposed for appointment at home or Sometimes he. accepts opinions that might ',.: better be disregarded. ; have estranged leading These methods Democrats who do not admire the President's the peculiarities and do not fully appreciate circumstances in which he is placed. He has not invited his fellowship, and they have not felt themselves justified in seeking confidence that the President had the .power to" bestow, and which he alone could imitate. - The fault on the part of the President may be ascribed to their constitutional organization and to the habit3 of his life. The fault on the Dart of the Democrats is that they , failed to see the obstacle in the path of a good under- standing, and therefore could, not remove it not have compromised by an effort which would ' ' their dignity. ; As a consequence of this misapprehension, or unfortunate disagreement, there ha3 come-tba a cold and ceremonious relation between him aod the party in Congress, with which he should be on the'most cordial terras. It be described, if applied in the aggreas a positive : estrangement. Of gate, course, there are personal exceptions, as there always will be in such cases, while favors reward submission. , At the last reception given bv the Presi- dfiltivlil1 a display of elegant r andostlv decoration that astonished some of the accustomed visitors at the White House, there were not a dozen members of Congress present. The absence of many Senators especially had been. noticed on a previous occasion, but in was as marked this instance the as when the. Whig'" cut John Tyler and refused the Exeabsolutely to cross the threshold of " cutive Mansion under any form of invita-tion- . .indifferent "Thanks to my friends for their care in my breeding Who taught me betimes to love working and reading." - hVhts'inurnrisesand in juwrr-matio- . ,- -v . may-almos- t -- - non-attendan- the-cabinet which the omission of the names of Mr. Thur-ma- n and other distinguished Democrats made conspicuous, and provoked criticism without regard to party. v In the limited distribution of patronage the President has suffered; as all his predecessors of late years have sufh-ivd- , bv either wilful or 'accidental deception. Tne discovery of' this practice made him suspicious m other caes? aud.by slow. decrees a mutual distrust has grown up which now appears as a threatening . danger to the Democracy. 'A series of singular successes in a brief career has .undoubtedly pro iueed the belief in the President's in'iud that his whole cuir.se bee n acceptable to ilie people, an-- that hV.v-evhim. he is politicians iuhv disngrte-wiialways sure of that support. Tnis couvii.-iiostrengthens the self'us?ertim which seems to b uatunil to his character, arid is tinnlv and h ' untly mai u iai n ed again.-1-" argu n ants' ami miid protestation when differences are dis, h-i- s e h n cussed. . ; "".'. This state of things cannot continue withDemocratic out damage to the party, which should stand, in patriotie'eonsideration, above the President and above members of The great cause and the principles Congress which that party represents, and which are identified with the progress and perpetuity of free, institutions, must not be imperiled because of these differences, which ought to be -- qjickly adjusted. Henc" it is gratifying to know that a ference between accredited leaders and . the 'President' will soon take place, at which the points of disagreement will be frankly diseased, and with a. hope of a clearer under standing. .With proper explanations- - and- mutual' concessions, a periect agreement ought to be i t ached. Whoever stands in the wav of .harmony will certainly be the loser in the long run. The Democracy can forgive much, but treachery they jwill not forgive. New York Sun . ... - ' , ' The President has laid down for hisowu Jv. S,, Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A; REPORTS . guidance a chart of policy, so far as the public offices are concerned, from which he will not depart without a complete change of purKOOSHAREM. has He announced it with repeated pose. Editor Exponent: in the emphasis application of the law and rules, but in other respects he is ex- heyoungadieoflhif tremely reserved "annual meeting February 10th, '188G. ' The There are many vacancies now existing house was decorated with the pretty and useoffic.som of which are temporariful workof the young ladies, the time was ly filled uuder the law by judges of the Federal spent in listening to songs, and recitacourt, for which the President has thus far tions by the members of theessays association, and declined to m;jke nominations. He gives we also received some instructions from reason no i.r this abstention, and the leading brethren otgood our settlement; they aniwers no inauiries Mncninrf-fK- n,were well pleased to see the young ladies doplications, except in the most inconclusive ing so well; the spirit of the Lord was with us .v:t all seemed to feel well: On the 12th of Feb- rnd Mr. Cleveland's habit of extreme caution as ruary we had a very pleasant time; a few of I ft en misses as hits its intended mark. He de- i.agamereu at me nouse ot sister Barbara - civil-servic- e ' . con- - -- V ' l?aiiefech-- was out at her daughter's 3 U5iu- - iici' i via mc a Miiort niuc, uirinuay It gave her a surprise on her return home to fmd her table spread with the good thmgs of thecarth. There were soma small presents given to her, and the boys turned out and hauled her 3 loads of wood and cut it all im m the afteruoon. We spent .the afternoon with her and all went home rejoicing' and will, no doubt, always remember the pleasant time they had. A. HATCir, President, ' . n. xr'. r kj. KiuLii, justruA. oecretarj. " .. r . Iary r , UTAH STAKE, . ' ' ' - : . of Relief Society of Minutes of conference with, Counselor Marilla also favored with the com-ran- v Danielf. of Sister S. M. Kimball. from Salr. TiaVo City. jOonference opened by .singiug and prayer, reading of minutes of former Conference and rep6rts of the County, etc. Sister John felt well in meeting with the sisters in Conference once more, and thought Wo know- - this we were doing a good work. is the Kingdom of God, and feel that the Lord is blessing us here in Provo. Urged all to be faithful.an.d exercise their faith for our brethren that are in bondage and exile. At the request of S. M. Kimball, a few of the had a 'dream." oister Kimball sisters sang, r 11 a. ill n a i w eget this ' i o I;i p w ea r d n ea s tea1 I ro 111 oil that se cannot buy with money. We are the only women ou earth who hive a stewardship conferred on them, and it should be our study and prayerlthat we may be enabled to magnify our callings honorably. Let us honor those who are called to presideover us and nrav for them.. It .will be found a nower in their behalf. We rau3t seek, to build up and not pull down. Let 113 cultivate a spirit of peace, for our strength lies in the power we have with God." After singing, conference adjourned till 2 p. in. a v : n...r. t ..l Anetauoa sessiou; vvonierence openea wun the usual exercises, Sister Goodman spoke in the interests of the silk association of Utah Af: KimKnll fnllrtwprJ with CoUQtV. Sister a few remarks on the same subject, and counseled the sisters if they could not succeed in the undertaking to ask aid of the brethren. She related soma of'herexperiences in the Relief Society, and in regard to Society buildings; said she had the honor of laving the first, rnri1fr 'RalioP fcJViV - SfonAw Af tlici firaK " tiltJU JLWliJL flnmofr ' building that wa3 built in this dispensation and Brother Joseph' gave the first five dollars that wa3 given towards establishing a fund for the Relief Society. Brothers Taylor and Richards followed with the same amount each and Brother Josenh said that, hereafter Hverv- thing he gave to the poor should - go through that channel, etc. She thought the name of Brother Beck should be pfaced on record for his generous donation of twelve hundred dollars to the Relief Societv house of Lehi Ward. , Prest. John, the next sneaker, said woman's mission was never more important than at the time. "The Lord is purifying His present people and He will try us to the core. Let us be careful how we iude each other until we are tested ourselves. This is not a dark day for Israel.but a day to test us and the nations. Let us be faithful to our covenants, for we have more than fifty millions on our side." Prest. H. H. CI uff spoke rjrrunity and obedience and thought we wouliT do well to think on those subjects. He spoke of the necessity -vur nineana means n u wish to accomplish anything. He spoke aho in the .interest of the Stake tabernacle. After singing conference adjourned for three montli3. Benediction by D.Graves. 0. Daniels, Secretary. John presiding, -- We-we- re 1 r I 1 : - . V V. , : . 