WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 124 Hxi Woman Editor. The Produce -- Ex ing ferried over in boats. change is a splendid. new. building on. Bowling Green; jt covers a whole square, and is very grand and4vYi'osing mjis Uppearance. It is con- The second day in New. York we devoted to caliLrig. upon acquaintances," etc. The most . lisliTngVouse of the Phrenological inter- - Journal (Fxuyler & Wells.) There we found Mrs. Charlotte F. structed after . the manner of the Italian Renais Wells J3Usyas lpossible attending, to business; sand, considerably modified, however. The maPublished in Salt Lake City, UUh Terms: in one copy one yeir, ?2.00; one copy bIx months, Sl.OO. Ten is terial used the structure brick; and terra thbuzh now oft the shady side of seventy She t 7 copies for the prico.of nine, and with took great pains to show and explain many of the cotta, base; the average granite porches Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines ot nonpareil height of 'facade is - one .hundred .and txaxtpfiv.c- - skulls ranged thereL as phrenological studies, and "accroimtIme";?2,T)0T! per month, 83.00. A liberaf discount'.; ' feet. The main Exchange Hall on the second to regular advertisers. gave us much information irr detail concerning v';''nT'. No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second Exponent oflice, floor, where the Produce Exchange members .each one as she handled them.; It is quite appargate east of Deseret News Oflice. Business hours from make their rendezvous, is sixty feet in height. ent that she takes great delight in this labor, and to 5 p.m, every day, except Sunday. This is' be to said in the "the largest organization her life and energies are devoted largely' to Address all basinets communications to v. workL " is Its to limited which rooo. membership crtlmnn n rTirci7i f c "WhiPh chA hoc' fhA ohtlitu FUBLI3IIEK WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 8alt Lake City. UtatlL is now full.1' The upper stories are divided into treat upon witn intelligence in a very nappy manthree hundred offices. , The Produce Exchange ner, , In the evening we attended the Madison is considered one of the finest architectural feaSalt Lake City, Square theatre, and saw a yery good domestic January 15, 18S6- - turps V in NpwYnrlr' drama The Minister's Daughter-r-- a play with St. Patrick's Cathedral is. the church of churches and moral an well excellent very presented. ... The A GLIMPSE OF NEW YQRK CITY. in architectural beauty and magnificence "When theatre is quite unique in style and prettily decora- -' we entered the" music made a great impression, it ted, the striking novelty being an elevator stage, Arriving late on Sunday night, or early Mon seemed so and few a moments after, heavenly, which is raised and lowered between the"acts, and day morning was rather an awkward entre into a we children's it was understood and why; voices,, renders the business parr quite easy,1 and does great city, and most .provoking, too, when one they were practicing in the organ "gallery for the was desirous of seeing to the best advantage this away with the waiting between acts, which is ' Christmas exercises. The structure not yet . sometimes very tedious. There was a fair sized place of great renown. in Of use. the completed, although seventy audience, but the only face 'We knew was that of Morning dawned, however, and as soon as pos windows u -- .t. the thatlight building," tt.i. sible we were out upon Broadway, and gazing up uuc uit me itiii ouiiiiiuiuucii, who bccmcuj perj -memorial to saints and sacred subjects ;1 they '. and down at the crowds of people hurrying to and fectly at ease with his conscience, and' smiled as were made at and Chartres, France, hither and fro, presented by serenely as it he nad not heiped to kindle the thither, without cessation, as and individuals. All is this beautiful in parishes some of the nation against some of the best event to had though great just transpired and indicates refinement in art and culture, design, citizens of this free JRepublic. How many happy bring a crowd together. This was holiday week, Latter-da- y a but Saint coukL '.. homes scarcely help solilo up. or helpless 'women and andagoodtime to see New York in holiday attire; on the of forms and cere subject quizing empty children cast upon the charity of a cold, unfeeleverywhere brilliant and7gorgeous colors were monies such as in themselves a and of all present in place displayed, fancy goods of descriptions ing world, while the husbands and fathers' of lovCatholic .worship. While we were there admir the greatest abundance, and, in fact, everything ing families are immured in rile and unwholesome the and ing .workmanship useful, substantial, ornamental and .decorative. ingenuity that had prisons, such men care nowhile they can draw this handsome planned edifice, one after another we learned afterwards that it was . very confusing a fat salary from the public treasury. But it must the worshipers came in and knelt for a moment at even to those accustomed to shopping in this great needs be that offenses come,andG6d's plans go on some one of the many crosses that were in the The made at was city. display Tiffany's dazzling, notwithstanding the opposition from the doctrines body of the cathedral, or dipping their fingers in and one could not help being a little dazed with and precepts of men. The Latter-daSaints can the elegant basins of holy "water, crossed themthe elaborate showing, as also at the enormous with all safety acknowledge the hand of God in ' fi .. . t.M selves with the utmost sanctity, and counted over rvrSon J !j muuuu awnue ana all thinsrs 'and trust in His deliveranfce in theYu- I'lii.ca. nuci lainuiinj aione, their beads. n and out of two or three bookstores, and look r ture as in the past. The architecture of this vast cathedral is of the over a directory, we took a car and went in ai iuiy luift v,iuUij the direction of Governor's Island. Arriving at style that prevailed fn Europe in the thirteenth and though we have plenty of material We viij must the landing, we crossed over in 'the boat which century, of which it is said the Cathedralsrof be brief in 'description. Returning from the Rhiems, Cologne and Amiens" on the continent plied regularly for the accomodation of the service, with Mr. Clawson, we had a'n excellent theatre and the naves in the York, Minster, Exeter' and and on reaching the port, made Jnquiry of a opportunity to see New York City by gaslight, and . n ... t r t ii: ou uuiy, ior w . Westminster are exponents. The edifice is of white as he knows the guuu, ui a ouiuici ieui. nis.. n? city thoroughly, and the stores marble with base of granite. The columns 'ihaf Young's residence. We found the handsome and were on parade, so to speak,' and ,the. streets support the oof are of the most highly polished fascinating young Lieut, tending the new baby thronged, we wtnt 'On several of the most fashion: : u i ...:r white marble, and all the interior of 4he buildme ma rtuu u; yiic duu unnscuif uoui very giaaj able ones and saw the 'elaborate display made at. is as exquisitely elegant, seemingly, as .it could to see someone from home. We had a long chat this festive season of the year. ' over affairs in Salt Lake,Jnncbing meantime,-an- d possibly bejmade. "No expense has been' spared our. In next we will treatupon New England in then the Lieut, offered to escort Aunt Em. around evidently, in fitting up this .grand cathedral for its scenes: and --places, and how .things winter, New York the remainder of the day.' We went sacred worship. looked there and the great changes which ha d nrstlo battery Place, then fook a good look at Wandering out of the Roman Catholic-domaitaken place during 635' absence ? , , Castle Gardens,and from thence to the elevated pondering upon religious views and opinions of the various sects .and denominations of the railway, and rode along some of the principal day we mentally.contrasted the condition of the varU streets, the Lieut, pointing1 out, as . we passed THE GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE. them, many places of special interest. After this ous churches with that of the true Church, and we went to the Produce Exchange Building, as congratmatea ourselves that we were so highly ijtfi inst.the Territorial Legisla from its top the Lieut, thought we could see as u.uicuw.w iuvc a positive knowledge of the tureOn.Monday.the convened for the" purpose 'Martin 'Taws much of New York as could be taken in af one principles ot lite and salvation, that we mWit not for the whose people representative's they are. view. The ground floor is occupied mainly for De tossea apour witn every wind of doctrine and Some of;,the present members have for a nutober offices a branch bf the New York Post Office in the dogmas of man. who nrearh m nr ' of assembled .'years, here .this 'capacity, in one part.' Taking the elevator, we reached a went into Fifth tn i e Avenup -- vw ... ouiuc ui which inose fact shows the we could look down into the Exgreafesteem 'in which they gallery where palaces of the rich that stand there in silent held in their several, constituencies; ."whilst ;are change business hall, and see the crowd of men beauty, as ornaments to the gr8at On metropolis others are this street are the Vanderbilt below, who comparatively young and inexperienced apparently, very much excited a:nd also residences, men. over the transactions, in which they were, no the palatial home of John Jacob Asttfr. ' ' ' Yet, the fact that thev ara elected to such offices of honor a,nd doubt, from their manner, intensely interested The ieut. also took us to see the trust, pro ve3 their efficiency, fourteen ana mat It was all financially. they possess the highest regard and "confquite unintelligible to one story tenement as French Flats ' idence the peopIeiTS ofof methods whieln proceedings. Iheir siyirind magnificence' ... We were grain merchants transacting daily rent for enormous sums They .sincerely hope, that during 'this session the per month. DayhVht bc9t To etc. business, a, stranger it was. a sort of 9l:M:l-Mlprevail and success -- crown-all mo.aum 4Ulu iiurugnt as we wended our Babel. the thiT of efforts. noisy Leaving for, wise and aecesaryl legislation part thebuilding, way to the Crand Central Hotel on Broad. that the members may we ascended in the elevator to the very top of the way,. Part of the attempt. Howeve tbe evening: we SDent mnct oudook is campanile, a distance of'two hundred feet, and but with anything Mr. and Mrs. John ably promising.while' a' governor Neals, well krwr, walked out upon the roof, where we had a good in Utah, in wun xne absolute velo threatens that he will do company with Mr. Fred view in all directions of the city and its surroundthe people'-- until nothingof Bishop H. B Clawson, who is CJawson, son pass in college in laws against the people: In ings, and the shipping as well.- One of the New York, this that all is reality studying very hard, and preparing j the novelties of this scene was the trains of cars be called long the harangue, himself for professional work. Governor's Message, : deliveredTiiesday-afternoo- n, amounted to.---Ir semi-monthl- ; : - . -- ' : v iO-iu- , 1 ' . ! . thirty-sevenKa- re - - are-bro- ken ; . y A 1 . 1 : -- 1 ig : u.l ; , '", . " - ' : , e, w-er- . houses,-occupie- ooLiiHJ.-.- acco-unro- f . -- ; " the-legislatu- re 