,.,.,;-.- ... j ' ...... , ... ......... Th V I M RigUs of ' 15. - - :" SAEr LA CITY, JQTAJI TRUE FRIENDSHIP. t Shall we shriak, with such a General? Shall we step aside or pause? Shall we dare withhold our eforLs, In our glorious saving cause? No! forever! onward, upward; .No retreat no compromise! , - - O, 'tis not when riches "and splendor. surround us, That friendship and friends cani be put to th test; 'Tis but when afflictions cold pressure hath bound us, We find which the hearts are that love us the best. For friends will fawn, v '.At fortune's dawn, ., While the breeze, and the tide waft ussteadily on; ' " ' But if sorrow o'ertakes us, " "". Each false one forsakes us, .' Arid leaves us to sink, and to struggle alone . .. i may be our portion Lift eternal is the prize! Forward ever, in the highway, Which nhc saints before us trod; Cling together," oh ye people Of the GREAT ETERNAL GOD! Death, . . . And though on loveValtar, the flame which is glowing Be brighter, yet friendship's is steadier far, One wavers, and turns with each breeze that is blowing;, ' And is but a meteor, the other's a star.' Jn youth love's light : Burns warm and bright;But it dies ere the winter of age lis past, While friendship's flame , rBurns ever the same; Or grows but the brighter, the "nearer its last Se- April 2th, to-da- . 1 886. y, ; , ' "...- -' .. V "'''." 'S seen sisters recently from here, and know pretty well the condition of affairs. ' One thing I will say, as it is in the line of my calling at present. Thjero are' hosts of bright, happy children here as elsewhere in the scttlements-othe Saints, and when I look upon theni,T marvel not that Satan and his minions fear . !. . ' f and tremble that they strive to stay their coining, and plant so many snares for unwary feet to draw them into by and forbidden paths. May God protect and shield them from Ihj power until the hour of Christ's victory comes. Sincerely your friend, . LvL. S. CORRESPONDENCE. J. Russkll. GOOD NURSES. ' ; Zesos, Sep. - 8 188(3.. 1 r7 . lected. ... .. " ' : . A CALL. " Mrs. E.' B. Wells: - - Dear Friend: I have been Ihinlihi to- day how much I would enjoy aquiet half hour with you in the office, ami a good talk upon events that have" 'transpired since I bade farewell to home and friends for a pojourn amid the waste places of Zion. Many thoughts, and. imaginary scenes pass through my mind as I go to and fro among the ruin3 that cover this-land. I feel like I was walking on sacred ground, fancying, -- sometimes, that the former inhabitants were watching us with jealous ' ';-- ' 'eyes. ' I am pleased to statp that the excessi ve heat, which has lasted much louger thau usual this dow-a-''considerably: the seasoD, has cooled and its wilted, inhabievenings are delightful, tants begin to look up and srnile again. The Exponent comes .regularly, is a welcome friend, and would be' missed very much should it fail to appear. I learn with regret the list for eubscribers I represented so long is growing less. Ijyvoiuler If the reason is haruTi in es, or if they arerow7" ing careless in the cause of truth, and blind j to their own bestintercsts? surely the women of Zion should feel anxious for the success of the one woman's paper ia exi;tehcc,and spread it abroad, that the world may hear what we have to say for ourselves; may Jearn, if we are in bondage, we chose the bonds, and di not ask them to break the"hL for us. The sisters have thousands of relations and friends in the world where they might send our paperon. missions of love. It might among many reach some honest hearts, and, like bread cast upon the waters, return after many days, bringing ample reward for the labor and cost of sending. I find! it hard to express on paper th:; thoughts that come into my head. 1 think of Zion now passing througii the fire that is to cleanse andpuriiy her, making her ready for the coming of her King, and wonder who will stand, or who will fall.- - I think of those who are now bearing the heat of the battle where the blows strike home, sending our noblest and best to prison cells, or fugitives from their own dearly bought homes, leaving aching hearts and darkened hearthstones, where love and , , : Cling together! O ye people "Of the Great Eternal God! Ye are treading now the highway. That His Saints before you .trod. Shoulder fjrmly, brace to shoulder, Clasp unyielding hand to hand; Leave not one. without the circle, , .Who has faith and strength to stand. Yet when knees begin to tremble, " And when Jaces turn aghast,; Press not heavily upon them But uphold them to the last; And should all th$ir faith forsake them, That they cannot standlifall, :V- Then be careful that ye slip not "nlolaceshertTthey fall; ' , , -- : Quickly close the gaps they're making, ; . Forming still.a solid band; Shoulder firmly braced to shoulder, Hand unflinching clasped to, hancL Heads erect and hearts uplifted. . Firmly stationed be jour feet; Forward press, and onward, upward, ' No surrender, no relreat. Long may be the march and weary, V ": Strong may be th' oppressor's pow'r; ' -- But the God we serve is mightier, He who saveth every hour. He who built the walls gigantic, "' Round the lands we occupy, in . majestic beauty, Towering and high. Strong, imposing, grand He who led our sires to freedom, -- Neath the glorious stripes and stars; He who cheers our friends and brothers. E'en through prison gates and bars. He who soothes the hunted exiles, In their lonely weariness; : Promising the tried and faithful, He will all their wrongs redress. Can to docile meekness turn; And can change the fiercest fire flames, That His servants shall not burn. He who hears our earnest pleading, "Father, let thy will be done;" And whose'voicc, unto His people, Erer answers, "Be ye ove " -- :" I feel that Zion should be humble, low in the dust, praying for joy were wont to dwell. He whose pow'r, the raging lion, ' . -- -- ' . , her deliverance, but, alas, too- - many are blind in their mad thirst after the pleasures and follies of the world and 1 fear they will awake too late, that th. ir feasting will be turned to famine, and their mirth to sorrow. I do riot think thaM can tell jou anything neve about the country, a3 no doubt you havo -- This subject should at once attract the attention of every "woman." "How ohenwe hear The questionased,Whero can 1 find a good nurse?v Nature has especially endowed women for the occupation; and all, even mensopeculi- point, Jarlysensitive audinconsistentJon-thi- s will concede the fact that its labors arc within woman's sphere; at the same' time woman is most often Jn situationsto realize the necessity for and appreciation of a competent nurse. It is a matter of surprise that communities are so iudifferent regarding thl3 very important art and will possibly submit to such a display of ignorance as is.usually met with in the sick rr.omi As a rule people ar2 exceedingly particular about J.he physician they employ, are careful to assure themselves of his or her thorough education always showing preference for one of skillful repute but fail to take the same precaution regarding a nurse generally through ignorance or mistaken ideas of econc- my accepting those who will work for tho least wages, who, realizing that they are incompetent and having incurred no expenses in educating themselves for the business they wish to follow, cannot Hemand good wages. . for nurses domand constant . the Considering it would seem a wise policy for physicians,when establishing themselves in a community,. to at a corp3 of nurses whonr ouce benin trainincr - .v they .could ...feel justified in recommending to their patients thus removing much cause for suffering and relicyeing themselves of much blame which rightfully belongs to the nurse. Wo think the two provisions are inseparable when " success is desired. In the infancy and youth of our territory when people struggled hard for subsistence among the hardships endured by women, was bearing the trials and pains of maternity unaided by either competent doctor or nurse, and many, in consequence, have lost their lives or dragged through weary months or year3 martyrs to unnecessary physical suffering. Years ago. President Brigham Young with characteristic high regard for and liberality to woman appreciating her capabilities and needs strongly . urged the education of women as physicians and it was with his advice and encouragment that a number of ladies undertook the study of medicine and became graduates of medical colleges in the Eait, and have pursued the practice of medicine in this territory apsuccess as any of the parently opposite sex. With such efficient instructors, willing to labor and disseminate their knowlege attained throdgh the untold energy, exertion and sacrifice, for slight remuneration and with hundreds of young and middle aged ladies seeking employment, why vill they not em " - wiih-a3-gre- at - 