.134 -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. J surrender all that we hold dear; and sacred on earth and in heaven, and becom cyje.o,cpwardly backsliders, forfeiting all claim, in fconest woman hood and the hope of hwenly recognition in v' ' " r .1K vu. and tb rougbout. eternity ? guidance and protection,' but of - our honor and time Who can contemplate such a course without and our home, aye . good name, of our happiness I r II.. feeling a shudder of horror .thrill their soul! Or our lor deprived oi ms society, impartially bestowed, as designed- and demanded by the. shall we calmly trust in God and ' stand by our unprincipled crusaders, it would r cease to be convictions, our husbands, and our children, let come what may, and maintain our homes, made home; but blessed with his society as heretofore, .shared justly by each of his families, I would not doubly sacred by the eternal covenants of. the exchange my lot nor my happiness nor my home, Gospel, to the last?: We cannot afford to do however humble, with the doting mother of otherwise, we have too much attake and our - -- president Grover Cleveland, nor with his wife if J husbands having even more to lose than we have he had one and he was better to her than rubies personally, must stand true, whether in bondsy-o- r or gold, Nor would I stop to imagine what the prison, or life or death.: I "am, Yours for the truth, worjd might say about it either. I have never ; J. L. S. cnvicu any wumau a jiapjjmcsa, uuuc befor me.. I never coveted any woman's home, cause my home,shared with my husband and his THE LATEST FROM EDMUNDS. wives, was good enough for me. I . ask for no better.; I am satisfied with my lot. I have .never BILL A NTI MORMON injured any living creature, to my knowledge. I THE MOST OUTRAGEOUS CONGRESS. YET PRESENTED BEFORE have never sought what did not legitimately belong to me, nor deprived any man or woaian of a In the Senate of the United State3, Decemsingle right guaranteed by the constitution of my .native land or the law of God ; . and ;. in view, of ber 8th, 1885, Mr. ,Edmuiid3.Jntroduced . the these and many more facts and reasons which following bill (6. 10), which waa read twice and referred to the Committee on Judiciary: our present persecutors is to be robbed not only of him who is the man "of our choice "above al1 !: ; !'- a A - . . '. ! ' ww" ' : 'ask the'government and the people of the United , States "just be so kind to yourselves as to let ms and mine alone." Our circumstances, necessi-tie- s and desires, nor the good of society, so far as we are concerned, ever required the passage of wicked and cruel laws to destroy our religion, to break up pur families, and bring ruin, desolation and woe to our happy homes. There is no reasoi why the Congress of the United States should pass such laws as the acts of 1862 and, 1882 and the more shame for them that they should violate lheir bath of office, andthe constitution to do so, and thereby foist a fearful blot upon the fair fame of their country.' These unconstitutional laws, and the oppression resulting therefrom, and the treatment of Utah bv the Darent government ; ' throughout is "A blot that will remain a blot, in spite Of all that grave apologists may write; And thor bishop try to cleanse the stain, ' Me rubs and scours the crimson spot in vain." i How easy it would have been for our enemies and for the authorities of the United States to have adopted, the counsel of one of old, in their I c eft I lis v W v Ul vtty v wu Hm vw themselves from the fearful consequences of their present course consequences fraught with sor- -' and affliction to the Latter-da- y row, suffer in " Saints, but a thousand times more terrible totheir oppressors., Said Gamaliel, "Kefrain from these men and let them alone, for if this counsel or this work be of men it will come to nought, but if it " be of God ye cannot overthrow it!" to be work of this prove Should men, the Lwbrld ""the Christian world" would far better hnwn their Christian lurbearance. bv "let- "ting it alone" until it should come to nought, and thereby bare saved themselves from the fearful and' awful consequences which must follow if "haDlv thev be found to be fighting against God.'' .U .. I r cerned, it is not only a condition of choice, but of ; sacred duty. , Wn Kive entered into ihes sarred rlaf innc r.1 . .... ligtously, and not witnoui rtne most.. overwhelming .1 convicnon anu ccnaiovy oi me sacreanessmereoi, incurring rcsponsibnues which are of a binding and eternal nature. .',-- 1 - . 1 ... . 1 a 1 A provision shall not be construed to apply any ofiense already ; barred by any oxistine statute of limitations. . . r- -- or in the nature of a marriage ceremony, 0f any - kind, in any of the Territories of ha United States, whether either or both or mo of. the parties to such ceremony He lawfully competent to be the subjcf of such marriage or ceremony or not,'shalI bo certified iu writ-inby a certificate statincj the fact and of such ceremony, tho full names of each of iuc jinnies tuuwiucu, auu me JUil name Oi every bfBcerpriest or person, by whateverltyle or desigriation called or known, in any way taking part in the "performance of such cere mony, which certificate shall be drawn up and signed by the parties to such; ceremony, and g . BILL To amend an act entitled "An act to amend section of hundred and fifty-twthe Kevised btatutes of the United btates, in reference te bigamy, and for other pur eigh- poses," approved March twenty-secon- in the, performance of such ceremonv, aud solemnizing such marriage or ceremony, filed in the office of the- probate court, or, if there be none, in the office of the court having e in the in which powers county or district such ceremony shall take place, for record,and shall be immediately recorded. Such certificate shall be prima facie evidence ot the facta required by thi3 act to be stated therein, in any proceeding, civil or criminal, in which the matter shall be drawn in question. Any pir- son wno snail violate any or tne provisions of, - pro-bat- meanor, and shall, thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than one thou sand dollars, or by imprisonment not loDger than two years, or by both said punishments,ia heiscretionof-th-e court.-Sec. 5, That every, certificate, record, and . JBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Ite- preventatives of the United Stales of America in entry of any kind concerning any ceremony of marriage, or in the nature of a marriage cereCongress Assembled, lhat in any proceeding and mony of any kind, made or kept by an officer, examination before a grand jury, a judge, justice or a United states commissioner, or a clergyman, priest, or person performing civil court, in anv nrosecution for bitramv. nnlvpamv. or ecclesiastical functions, whether lawful or or unlawful cohabitation, under any statute of not in an7 Territory of the United States, and the United States, the lawful husband or wife any record thereof in any office or place, shall be subject to inspection at all reasonable times oi the person accused shall be a competent by any judge, magistrate, or officer of justice witness, and may be called and max be com appointed under the authority of the United pelled to testify in such proceeding, examina tion or prosecution without the consent of the States, and shall, on request, be produced and husband or wile, as the cas may be; but such shown to such judge, magistrate, or officer by witness shall not be permitted to testify as to any person in whose possession or control the same may be. Every person who shall violate any. confidential statement or communication the provisions of this section shall be deemed made by either husband or wife to each other guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on convicduring the existence of,r- the marriage rela tion thereof, be punished by a fine of not more tion. Sec 2. That in any: prosecution for bigamy, than one thousand dollars, or by imprisonment polygamy, or unlawful cohabitation, under any notJonger than two years, or by both said Ptauue or tne unitea states, whether before a punishments, in the discretion, of the court. United States commissioner, justice, judge, a And it shall . be lawful for any United States grand juryor any court, an attachment for commissioner, justice, judge, or court before whom ... any proceedings shall be any witness may be issued by the court, judge, pending in or xommissioner, without previong subpeena, whicbsuch certificate, record, or entry may be compelling the; immediate attendance of such material, by proper warrant, to cause such cerwitness when it shall appear fo the commistificate, record, or entry, and the book"docu- sioner, justice, judge, or, court, as the case may ,ment or paper containing the same.to be taken and brought before him or it for the Durndses be, that there is reasonable ground to believe that such witness will unlawfully fail to obey of such proceeding. . a subpeena Jssued and. served in the usual Sec. 6. That nothing in this act shall bo course in such cases; and in such case the usual held to'prevent the proof of marriages whether witness fees shall be paid to such witnesses so lawful or unlawful," by any""evidence now legalattached; Provided, That no person shall be ly admissible for that purpose. held in custody under any attachment issued 7. That it shall not be lawful for any Sec. as provided by this section for a longer time female tO VnfP flf nnv olaMinn liaroaAaii ViftlH in than ten days; and the person attachedmay at the Territory of Utah for any public purpose any time secure his or her discharge from cuswhatever, and no such vote shall be received or tody by executing a recognizance, with t counted or given effect in any manner whatsureties conditioned'for the appearance of ever; and any and everv act of the Governor such person at the proper time as a witness in and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of the cause or proceeding wherein the attachment Utah providing for or allowine the recistration may be issued. ' or 6 ec. 3. That any prosecution under voting by females is hereby annulled. Sec- 6V That all laws of the Legislative statute of the United States for of the Territory of Utah which progamy.or unlawful cohabiution may bi'Si-mence- d Assembly vide for numbering or identifvincr the votes of at , any time, within ext -- the electors at apy .election in. said Territory after the commission of the offcnseTbS are nereDy aisapproyed and annulled; but the o fifty-thre- e n d, .T;""-:;- ' -- . suffi-cien- - beforeGod innocently, and in thousands of cases as innocently before the country, and these obligations have occurred as innocently, and what are we to do about it? Should we shrink and Cower before the unjust, merciltss, vindictive foe, and - l . 