i : - f V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 128 l . 1 1 44 When sponge cake becomes dry it is nice to cut it in and toast. - while they pity andscorn the wretches who are seeking to destroy them, We have bid good bye to the dear old year what may tne new one ormgr zuas, we can-- . wa nrf nprtnin nil will hrt well nrtt till- with the just and the true, and to each dear L... J .1 '1 sister-an- a Drottier - tnat : we nave met tauu Lftttfir-flfLfiftillt. lonrnprl iuwr( lnvA'mwl vr v, uv. ttxov&rv J ju.uu the Kick and poor, the lonely and especially . i . i i uesojaicnwe wisn a nappy new year. IJpiTiestic SewangvTiiiQ thin slices To remove mildew, soak in the grass in the sun. and spread on butter-mil- k ; 5,000 To brighten the "inside of a coffee or tea, pot. fill with water, add a small piece of soap," and let it boil about forty ,. five.miputes. " . V 6 S-- Age! he r-'T- .in 23"ow -- 55 ! " XTso ':1a i,T7tali - i. T ' . Mary S. Burnham. - Bufnham,-1886.-- Old ne,wspapejs will put .the finishinp touch to newhr cleansed silver, knives and forks and tinware better than anything else. Jiub them well and make perfectly dry. They, ant cxccllenuto. polish. stOYCsltha,t,hayc aoiJjcen blackened for some length of time. " . - - l - it h , ; . t 1 . A Turnip Delicacy. Clean and pare soma tufnios. and cut them in two 'lengthwise; melt' a pood-slzeoiece of butter, and put It into a saucepan with the turnios and a spoonful pi Hour. Cook on a. brisk fire, without letting the turnips turn yellow; mofeten with milk; or cood stock. add a pinch of powdered .sugar, and let'the whole simmer ijuwe sauce is nearly absorbed; then dish upXX:;1:-'- : NOTES AND NEWS. 1 m rrf - d The, Thibetan women are' restricted' to the rnW rrfi,n in tholr r!nf.!iAsr hot. thev nurehase corals and pearls to ornament their head-drea' the niost costly part of a Tibetan whiqh lady'sattife, and is sometimes of the value'of s, ttHIUUSilUU JJUUUU9 otcmug- - Miss Florence iiale; of the Ladies' Art Asso OBITUARY. ciation, New York, atatni and glass, and fires her decorated gla and chinn in, her rrrW4 frrmv larVrfl firms to nton kiln, Aha-hacoDVJinciehfe stained f laaa. and is naid to. be the onlv woman in this country who does thb ttrnmlr ti ifjt U3 H lA ft in i All 1 1 afa nAo CtdgO. Main Street, S8 in the First Ward,' Salt" Lake City Nov; 28th 1885, Sister Elizabeth Lotett, borri Oct. 21st. 18 She was a loving ancLJndulgent- - mothrr and a most affection ate wife to an invalid husband, whom ; she huwed with ihi Died, it ... . - M.-F- . Annie " Genevieve AyJmer Farrell, ' of Arlington Heights, 111., though but eleven years old, has been for th red years an active and successful . Steel, 5. 66 lYest., RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Dry Goods, N otions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, .. GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, , " ; times, and one truth and righteous ness, , t. t Resolved, That we condole with the bereaved family and .canvcs m ineir great loss, and while we mingle our tears with theirs, w look forward with the hope of meeting her again in the morning of the first resurrection of the " - Just. x:i'r :y--Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the bereaved family, that a copy be placed upon the minutes of the associaUon, and that one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication AQRICULTrjRAL ; TOOLS A2W IMrLE- - : Patents have been issued : to women during' the fortnight ending "December 1st, 1885, as ' .v' Harriet N. Ewing, Philadelphia, Penn. ' Game Apparatus; Harriet A. Hulburd, Perrysburg, Ohio, follows: ::y:y V ''"-:'- - : Scrap-book- .- ! Elizabeth Hull, New York, Folding Soap-dis; ,.;. Ellen N. Price, Brighton, England, Convert-abl- e Garment. - :" "' h. . Jennie K. escape. AIary fastener. -- J. 'Liggett, MARY QUIST, 111., the fiyrtnightntling ."'""'V"JV" F. Auerbach Neck-tie- . Cas- " .. . Mary E. Sutherland, Secretary' to womf n during December. 8, 1885, as ! Mary E. ClarkFairville, N. Y., Fruit uner. Mary M. Jones, Meriornonee, Wis., Corset. ' A Ful1 wid Complete Stock of - Stain on "cups and saucers may be removed by nibbing ' with ashes. v ; vytu waicr tu it ' CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. We carry a largr and more complete Stock than any hoaee In the weet. H. S. JELDREDCE. Su pt. too hot when baking, place a small dish or Special to the Ladies. . " r MILLINERY, TEAS DEL Spring : HD LADIES- Will be found the latest styles and pi od actions DRESS TRIMMINGS, ' CALL . AND EXAMINE; HOUSEHOLD HINTS. is pure drugs and chemicals, Brd. - ' If the oven & TAMES relZ1 WAldrtu. BA7n..Jna8, LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, v COLLARS, TIES, - CO TINNERS, CAStWATER & STEAM FITTERS CClebrateJ j:v cloth and clothing, ' er S. Thompson, Hamilton Ohio, Racliel ' '.. Patetits have been issued President, Emily E. Stevenson, Counselors, . ter:" Ellen. Sutherland, ; . Woo3ter, Ohio, ';';':;'-:ments- s 'rr Bed-cov- 77 ; Fuller, Toledo, Ohio, Fire- - Clkrlotte E. Page, Chicago, follows: y I. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF O-- who was ever devoted to the cause of Old: Constitution Building, SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. silk-worm- s, . U 0 - :: - 99 Musse , Sec ' ,' . ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1M. silk culturist. As her parents are invalids, Editor Exponent: s much responsibility devolves upon her." She The. following Resolutions of Respect for bur beloved ha3 fitted up a cocoonery with everything sister, Esther II. Davis, who departed this life December needful; in the past three suinmera ehoxLas in her thirty eighth 'year. were rai?ed"six fine crops of unanimously and her 21st, 1885, adopted and sustained by the Primary Association of BiV cocoons and reeled silk are said to be marvels w ara of beauty. " During the past year she has voupnwooa Whereas, Our esteemed sister was formerly President ofT edited a silk culture department in several the Primary Association of' Big Cottonwood Ward, where papers, and has written a series of letters on she was greatly' loved and respected by every 'taeaber of the subject for various pipers and magazines. ."ic ; i''asiuciauon, ana, t Lost spring she published a book entitled Whereas, In the loss of this our much cstee med sister "Two Summers in a Cocoonery," which is highy we nave , parted with a willing worker, at all praised. - ' SALT LAKE CITY, tenderest caffe for five long years,' and survived him jtut ieii years, ui our aeparted sister it car. truthfully be said, she has come up through much tribulation and washed her robes white in the blood of. the Lamb. .JShewia a tsachcr in the; Relief Society a consistent Latter-da- v Saint died as she had lived, in full faith of the GosDel; and in ' " " the hope of a glorious resurrection". Mrs. Parr- r.of Mianeanoli?. this Jvear OfrkvQ a i... ' Christmas dfnnervto the newsboys of that city. Mrs. Jb arr is a business woman, doing a business of $00,000 annually, She takes a great interest ; in poor cnuuren, ana is . a special friend. to the newsboys and bootblacks of MinJ neapolis. W man's Journal. "FT and FORCE , - f UlS CT." X And an elegant assortnienf ot' IDE, IT :'"'SbpSsr:; hisses' and ;dePMtment for. Ladies. ficj 838. SAM 4 . ' In- - ' 5 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Stretf, ' 