115 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' For the' EXPONENT.' legitimate. They ar ia. every jra ZheawAkJ Sny thejr, liberty" at the price of honor and naa oi inosewnose pare:: not the.iaitii awtts-tootim'ourselves of the cherished dis- courage and quality ox elf sacrifice in their tinction-o- f wives? - Or "shall- - wc say to them, -nature to accept the new and everlasting coven stand firm for conscience sake, yield not to the TO OUR ABSENT .LOVED ONES. ant. unlawiul, unreasonable requirements oi bigoted r: Chief. Zano.mav Justice onenlv and mali seek 'to bind man's tyrannical To sayyouar missed can ut feebly express ciously insult the thousands of noble and pure heaven born right of conscience in all matters, weight aad the force of the heart's loneliness! Thq women and innocent children in this community between himself and his Creator! Accept ' In pur h?pies, in pur meetings, in every, plage, whose a: prison or exile, as some of, us women stations rather have thus but that defined, face; T We miss'sprae. loved voice, or some de,ar, cherished ' ' ' d oes not alter facts. ;AVe can1 rafTord to wait " have proven that we can do wilUrigly rather AtWdmjmd' patiently and bear the reproaches and scorn of .than betray you. Do this and carry with you 3InralI thinW we mhi ybii; except' in our prayers! - the wicked It was once a reproach to. ac- - our profoundest respect,our purest love,and the , Vith longing we watch for the turn of the tide, -k- bowlgeur-humbleLord-andSavior power of a sincere and devoted Woman's faith. as have shall the Saints .gold and, rest, purified' jWhen when He. was scourged and spit upon aud 3Ve will su pplicate for you at the throne of grace Shall riseiand shine forth iii the glorious light . called vile; names and even crucified; but; He for strength to endure . each trial, ho wever " Of. virtue triumphant.'of truth and of right ; said, 'Revile not when ye are reviled." We bitter, for the Gospel's sake. We will aho ' ' We strive' to be patient, we feel that we must; know that Qodr for whosr cause we are "cast". teach the little ones born of our holy union to ;' We Xi'atchand we wait, and Jin God put our trust, outrmS levil-hapromised; to. avenge pur revere your name and prize your example a? is Hard some .so that hard , aye! The struggle die, a priceless legacy; But' if you choose .to wrong?; j Patfent'aUing brings its own reAnd go to the mansions preparing on high; ward,; but in the meantime we will not sit degrade us and our children and humiliate us 7 A martyrs tot truth are'the jr b&ies'iaid low, ' idly down and allow might to trimuph, over before the triumphal rejoicing of the wicked, ' But "their spirits dread thralldom no longer shall know; rignt witnout an, earnest protest ana a brave who would glory in our sorrow, we will say, No more are they harrassed and hampered and worn ; - r' ;: struggle.-f.".'- let the; sin rest with you; you alone shall bear With the burdens and g'ricfe they so "bravely have, borne. aslde-iEidethe responsibility and God shall judge between Wj? will fearlessly assert our rights of .wlricn us, and if you renounce your faith in the that; glorious jdocument Hpw truly, how well one of,ld, did reeprd, -. guaran tees Jto all "the right gf conscience and lYe blessed principle that bound us to you and made cr.r they which shall dte ia the Lord! je the free exercise 'thereof with "life, liberty and lives acceptable in the sight of God, and And blessed ire ye who of sorrow jpartake,"" the, pursuit. 'of:.HapplDe.nVenwilI,miunr t 'Imprisonment and hatred for righteousness' sake; . agree to live within the law according to' the tain pur true positions by virtue of conscience Or by false accusers denounced and reviled!, interpretation of the court, we can be nothing " and birth'. to you if not a wife' according to the law of i """".'..'',.' Reviling riot, when yeare scorned and reviled." ... Your renunciation of that law severs' God. nation . This, !may cry ilriinclean, unclean," i .; Oh! ye trueocest beloved: of the. Lord and HSs Saints, but until its statistics show a better state of everv tie. Even if your choice would be to Sweet antieipation.a hpjkjay painr i :: V li ii. , . j ; morality under . monogamic svt&y we jdll graciously (?) exalt a woman to the apparvA scene of .rejoicing a bright day .of gra$e,, : 7 "J? ; cast answer : back, the beam out . of ent position of a wife without any molance irst When each manly. form and each fair, queenly face, thihe:6 wri eye. of legal recognition, you cannot claim her as Let those we niust miss, will be with- us again, Which " ertiilt cast the first stone. While the itizonlzed such according to the law of the land which ' ' No more to be wronged .by the base. among men. wail from thousandsf: and thousands ' of Gpd's forbids a second marriage while there is a fair- dabghter?, !,degraded and debauched by ,No more to b sought4 as In this dreadfal hour, - living and undivorced wife. The woman who ' and pow'r, accepts this position is not a wife before God j Bat free Drorn the wicked, ' from the soil of America, is not the nation'g or man, and she as well as the man" will fare j ;T1 Saints shall have .peace aind be ever more blest,; boasted gallantry, aye 'hu manity,- - to woman ; a poorly in heaven and on dearth also, unless r ;; i j. trVm Jfsys; the Savior m heavenly rest; .We'll see Him and hear Him and greet with, glad cheer, sarcasm, a stink in - the nostrils; of Judge Zane lives to favor them with some of 4. burning "it n i ft f .The day ofHis birth and thf happy New Year," his marvelous rulings such as created the status, ; uongress 'it enovan may.' pass- laws to - impri And also this day for our Prophet and Seer, , . ; son, the virtuous brotherhood- - or .the 'Xiatter- - which they will occupy. ' LVLAm ' .idayiSaints who look,; upon irroman las God's : City of Refuge, December;26th,1885. Dec, 23rd, 1885. jmost sacred trust, prizing nd rpreser ving .her irtueaboye all the. on earth;-j- Jt uay ixobi- us NOTESrANDTNEWSr of .the care, protection and companionship? px WOMEN CAN-D- OMUCH IN THE -ua us than . .1 PRESENT ; fiMEK&ENCr: r 17- : those.; dearer io;of fine and imprisonment to under,; penalty ; . Mis3 Jessie Patterson, who ran :asL an indeJ . give evidence that would make us worse than pendent" candidate for Register: of deeds in WIFE iJf EXILE. Davis, county, Kansas beat the'regular Repubwiaow3, ana our cnuaren woks tnan orpnans, and then, in our helpless sorrow, justify, men lican nominee .by ,286 yotes, and the Demo?.r:Bebre5realin Axint th'stiestibn, f'ls of. judical power, in insulting usxin the niost cratic candidate by 299 votes. xnere auymog women an-a- o m ine present cowardly f mAunerJIut, as1 did that of the -: thfc' -- Various ;foD6wibffr.linenned idea. :ieinergBncy papers express their suspicion that Jewish' nation who put "to deathT tneir Ltjrd .: wHchl wiU now giye aiananawefir only! toknd 'persecuted; even uhto death 7thos$ j who Miss Cleveland wrote that part of the Presi- ' 2 prgyejtAe upiiy ot. tuoagnt tnat exists among dent's message which deals with the' Aformon believed in Him, their siu wili find them but ; : ?u,o present SiiuatlOQ ' Qod will not always be mocked He has again question."' Perhapsshe1 did. Those glowing .jfjaiAjauy puta uir: ; ; x)air9l(aictingji3 as a people, particularly from "i.ho heaven and as He1 revealed to sentences, in praise of social purity would cer- spbkeh who haya jejatered; irito iiestial "donn a better grace' from Miss anciently, He has Bent" an .aTDgeI14yW- tainly come with Cleveland than from her distinguished brother. the midst of heaven having the ever through : Women , olt .; ;" WormvHs Journal.' ha3i5ome in ourj Israel, who cried, "Fear Qod and Uospel,: lasting . a Jmqwieage r Ji7eai for the hour lof His judgment; The lion.' iGratz Brown was the first man wi ceicstwti marriage., wnjeaJiup ,wwv has cb"me."'; Then shall we fear man who can to introduce a woman suflrage bill in the United at most only- destroy the frail body States1 Senate; in 1867, and he advocated the r. tionithat It wa? our duty to obey it 4)j lose an- - is 8 wn the seeds of death and which must meagre in J an excellent speech' It"! took a exaltation in ms presence, it Decame wita m a sooner or later moulder in the dust? Or shall brave man' to db it in thoio days, and the mat matter of conscience, a religiqus dtityl associa- : d wells all in fear whom rHim in power-tTheii the idea was sensation. ter made a CTeat s6j :tcd.witK"'alI:15uT''n6,jpeB'of eternal happiness kwhose Jiands are eternal life and joy whichHe l ridicule. loreceived With and witn tneassurance tnat: we would ,be ha? promised v unto those who will sacrifice ci the movement has advanced so" far that ay honored of God, even as holy women of old i consideration to obey His com even its opponents' acknowledge it to be certainjearthiy every GhrUtiaa oiations as the mands araeiredi-bya- ir ' a unto the end; r ;' faithtully "coming." ly orus r purfisfcanflxmost exemp.iary-ii-rnany. toof The time, has come when our husbands must : l upori;OUimlye9,the plural entirely, both in theory and practice, take L The Englishj; JtomCs Suffrage- Journal. u ubilant overthe result bf th(BfetiOD8V"sdT'lar'r SEwiyeSi with jthefuJTi underndighat1 we beads time it went to press. ' Out of the known at ltd , ;Coii!&. lienoefQcthibeW :thft prodd distinction j liood," put ,us away& u eavs, uio 'zrz memDers eiectea. .ceM tpTisbn Miowli iriends; of Woman iuffiragej 70 :are known l womep np ny; inferior poaition. in i 'enforced it would seem in the XJtah!Peniientiary qjpaen o and 70"'ai:V' doubtful, "As" these for the especial humiliation of tne Edmunds Opponents," i ihe marriage cp rejaa wife Ihat binds, the. firsts binds,also the DluraL law victims) and be "placed on equal footing figures relate to the first part of. the elections, Tories were largely successful, and wtertbe ;and eac'jurei.cxacix jietpie pbligatioria-r--j witn-meea or cniaea.. tne r as guuty deepest ay the Liberals are more generally in favor of 4.nexhudrea ot eaca.jLa.the 8ighfcfOir.ta and 'NoW the question with us :is; shall wo agree the Tories', the prospect V to these" measures shall we assist in 'any way Woman suffrage than ngeis wo Dear. .wHue oi tne, marriage tie Parnell, who holds the or even urge our. husbands in' Working out1 is yery bright. Mr.isanounc:friendroL balance of power, .wedlock,, ,n"ofJasrd 1 he movement. need hb special act of legislalion to make them covenants mutually made in sacred places HOLIDA-VFJJSRiNG- . ! . 2 -- 1 law-makersw- -- ho ; . J k : I , - : " I : s - : ; ; ; '.' . . ' . L . rs j , . - - " ": ' - . i j whetHout? i-j- -. ; to-da- y - - -- their-malic- -- , e . :' : ; - : - : ; - -- : 1 . '7'.; ; ' V'-- : -- - - life-rcompell- ; ing' - J . : ; -- : . - , - 1 taiassr - a-.cr- . , give-jglor- tnat-,ioatiia- a y td-Hi- m' - : in-whi- ch - almost-Universa- ; -- 1 ' - -- sacrJd-obligationso- -- f- iaopr of-ijln- iu. : 1 t -- ? . . n -- $rh&. LmifihiMl : XT. I . 