r. : - I ' The Rights of the Women of Zion, and;the Rights of the Women of'all Xations.' Vol. 10. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,! AUGUST 1, 1880. THE STEPPING STONE IS SACRIFICE. Dedicated to our brethren in prison and to all who for conscience . . ; sake, - Lo, verily ''He doth not sleep' Who keepeth Isr'al mghUand day; " ' A rich reward they yet shall reap Who serve him always, come what may. - Fools will deride and laugh to scorn The righteous, when the"wicked rule,' But never are the just forlorn, Though tutor'd in Affliction's school. the breeze, and especially interesting jvvas it to see suspended near our window the stars and suffer stripes emblems of liberty our national flag It was the only American, one to be seen, and its place so near our window made-idoubly attractive. All was preparatory to .a grand rprocession.of the Roman Catholics in honor of t ' ' the day. -- ' At an early hourcrowds thronged about. No. 5. A smile, howejyer, grossed the godliness. faces of many of the spectators when the band started up a German air Da but ixnuclct mein kind "Thou art crazy, my child." There was much pomp and a grand display. The street is now deserted, and when we had taken & last glimpse of the priests' shaved heads glistening in the sunlight as they disap- peared, we drew our heads back through our windows and beganbdfscuss the curious features of a Roman Catholic procession on St. John's Day. .The Jesuits, who were recently driven- out of France, qre strongly represented here- - A strange coTiment Christians driven out of a Christian land find an asylum among the Mohammedans, who are more tolerant to- ward Christians than Christians " are toward one another. The Turks have always offered protection to religious refugees from Christian T. Europe.- , 188G. Constantinople, June 27, People gathered from different parts of the city at the houses of their friends and acquaintances to view i'rom the balconies and windows the procession, which was to take. place at four Elijah's God,"' who speaks by fire, in the afternoon but. was an hour late. The From-- , seething depths or lurid skies.spectators came to be looked attoo, and the His own itli patience doth inspire elfrun1 costumes of fashionable societv in Con- In patience compensation lies. eta tit nople p aye an im poi taut part on th e And wherefore should the faithful shout occasion. The manner, though, in which the For God to show His strength and power; -- .Christian ladies had painted their faces showed " ' ' Toishift Eternal plans about, less skill than that of the furkish beauties And hasten heaven's appointed hour. .; but I think the Christian method3l)f ornament' No less than this the wise expect ing the arms and ears with jewelry more taste- ' ful than those of the Arab ladies, who wear j To wrestle for the promised crown TIIOUOHTS ON MEETING OLD To share the fate of God's Elect, ' rings in the nose. All day long the people FRIENDS. Even from "righteous Abel" down. have been crowding the windows and balconies to see and be seen. The gentlemen appeared While thinking upon our little gathering to Oh, not on "flowery beds of ease" in American with their hair mostly style, many to ask myself the question, Do Saints or heroes mount the skies night, in the middle down and with parted plastered To heaven's supreme felicities "By what power are we thus drawn together? be" be envious we were It said, rgrease. is might Sacrifice! The Stepping Stone What was the motive of our beloved hostess cause our hair would not part in the middle, or in bidding us welcome to her hospitality, and .. , "Throughtribulation," even so because we did'nt have, any to part. Be that what the motive of us, her chosen friends, in: The King of Glory cd the way; as it may, we assumed the role of spectators, yielding a hearty response? Surely selfishness "Perfect, indeed, through suffering," lo, and took the liberty to criticise what did not. was not the motive power that incited to ac Our "Intercessor" live? suit our tastes and prejudices in that curious tion in the first case methinka it ha3 all been He tear counteth life one sees for the first time when h enters ev'ry Surely wrought by the Jaw of kindness, by the sweet -In- whom the pure of heart rejoice, r ::.r the okient. I always thought it bad taste for spirit of friendship, which ever seeks to bless, And yet shall boastful scorners fear" a man to part his hair in the middle unless he and in turn isv capable of appreciating blesThe thunders of Jehovah's voice! : : was pretty and had small feet. There was a ...,..'. r when bestowed, v. sings We have met, not to enrich ourselves finanlight breeze, which made it favorable for pass Friends may accuse and men abuse in the them the bid day gossip. knee The just, and bow ing cially some are weary of this labor, and seek Our God His own good time will choose At the appointed hour the street was packed. rest but we all desire to enrich the spirit and Toset His captive children free. The music from the brass band first gave the satisfy the craving of our social natureswhich, ignal of the approach of the procession, then according to the design of our Creator, occoy "Elijah's God!'' to Thee" we cry! the ladies with their baskets full of rose leaves pies so large a space in the formafion of huBut not in dread and not in doubt, stood ready to shower them upon the heads of man character, and which, if undeveloped or '7 ' Though Zion's foes should multiply, the priests. Ihe first to make their appearance neglected, robs mankind of much happiness, Thy power will bring her safely out. were the little children, girls about six years and also deprives him of great power to create " Assured Thou hearest just complaints, old, who led the march in two single nlesi about happiness for others. Therefore, I esteem it a Father in faith, on Thee we call; ten feet apart. Between the files, and distant duty we owe each other :to meet often, not ; Soothe and support Thy suffering Saints, a hundred ieet rrom eacn omer, were ntue merely with the desire to be entertained the Who even now are held in thrall. llr very. thought is born of selfishness, but to enBehold thy people in the dust; chor, a cross, or a picture of some patron saint. tertain, to make others for a time forget the Consider all who kiss the rod; Banners, representing scenes in the life of cares and trials which daily and hourly oppress . in who Theejtrust Christ and His Apostles, were numerous. After them, to lift them into'a more elevated and Strengthen the souls Thou mighty one! "Elijah's God!" the little girls dressed in white came the cheerful atmosphere; where they may feel re orphans of the Jesuit schools. What excited freshed and renewed. Ihus we lift ourselves, Lord, grant us grace to run "the race" our curiosity next were a dozen young ladie3 and by concealing whatever may be our special Cowards. can never win the prize; under training for their calling as nuns; on thorn in the flesh, we forget that one exists, To joys m store for evermore, this occasion they were partly veiled. Then. and often, by the power or association, we The Stepping Stone is Sacrifice. V; came the nuns and after them the priests, many learn how to lay many of our burdens down, ' Emily H. Woodmansee." of whom struck a religious attitude, by throw- - and in their place we carry away more ex- Salt' Lake City. ing their heads back,Tooking up to, heaven tended views and new ideas .to assist us in our and holding their hands folded across the struggles through life. Samuel Smiles says, ST. JOHN'S DAY IN "A' life exclusively occupied in affairs of busibreast. On,e carried a carved figure representing the Savior with His bleeding wounds; but ness insensibly tends to narrow and harden the character. It- is mainly occupied with self, the multitude was awakened to its greatest in','Get up and see what has happened to our terest when the bishop, an aged man, beneath watching for advantages and guarding against street during the night," said my companion, a silk canonv. carried by four men. made hi3 jsharp practices on the part of others. Thus . 1 11 n i iL - L il 1 """I;"."" tt tlowinsr when he arose this morning. These dogs, appearance. hiik rooes were j,ne cnaracier His unconsciously,, lenas 10 grow sus thought I, that had disturbed my slumbers so carried by two small boys following a little bepicious and ungenerous. often during the night, have been committing While this may be true regarding a business hind and on each side. And npw ihe air was some depredations. I was mistaken. It is St? filled with rose leaves, gently' falling upon the life, which usually falls to the lot of man, the John's Day, and the street was decorated from canopy and heads of the priests who accomsphere usually occupied by women, that of the one end to the other by flag3 suspended from panied the bishop, a glimpse of whose face the home and family, tends in another direction; not to harden the character, for there is so ropes, which had been stretched across the multitude tried to catch behind a golden sphere street. It was a pretty sight to behold almost much in woman's lot constantly requiring ac he carried in his hands, and from which radiat. P .1 Ml tive sympathy and tenderness, but it tends to a every national flag gently unfolding itself to mg disKS represented, the illuminations oi -- " - : . - . : 1 1 1 ' - . - -- ; ' ' -- . -- to-da- y. -' - -- - . . . . ' . . - -- 1 1 1 1 I -- -- 1 