WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- 34 contraction of mind power, to weariness and discontent of spirit by its monotony and increasing physical toil, and the mental powers in time become dwarfed, and aside from that con troling home affairs, she becomes powerless r of. Riip.ssfnlIV:and"much i J j. endowed is and intelligence with which she lies, dormant, which, according to. God's economy is:all wrong. Intelligence, wisdom, talents and various other gifts and graces Woman were neyer intended to . upon waste their sweetness and power upon the desert air. And in social life what would society be without the exauisite social qualities of woman? Like dancing without music, like fA-flp- .t- tne-nowe- - v v be-stow- ed Nature devoid of bird, song and flowers. So woman's social nature should never be neglected; and we, above all women, should into mere gossiping associations, but each should polish up her "store of gifts and graces for the purpose of benefiting others, seeding always for the inspiration of God's Holy Spirit to descend like the gentle dews of heaven upon all our efforts that each and all may truly be refreshed, and also be reminded that our association here is but typical of that which we are destined to enjoy in the eternal worlds. to descend never allow our reunions . . . LlLLIE. . SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. BY HELEN MAP. WHITNEY. Stephen H. Goddard and Father had leit.them on Tuesday These Kellogg. last determined vet to overtake the ox teams. The brethren all looked considera and were glad bly fatigued with their, travels ' once more to meet with us. "We have but slight hopes of overtaking the ox teams." iwo ot the r renchinen came in this evening, bringing on their mules part of two cows that thoo had killed. "Father Chamberlain broke the iron axle tree of Jiis wagon whilejiescendingia steep bank wheri we forded "Buflalo Creek." . "Sunday the 17th. There being few if any buffalo to be seen below here, and a number of our horses having given out,1t was de termined to remain in the vicinity a day or twoi while we could procure some meat and also recruit the failing strength of our animals. Accordingly this morning two captains viz. Luke Johnson and John Brown were appointed to superintend the hunting expedition to' be y undertaken in. pursui ot buualoes. Each of them chose their own men and started out on foot about 9 o'clock a.m. -- About noon a number of wagons were sent out to bring in pulialoesm case the hunters should ' succeed in killing any." Monday the "18th; Fine cool weather. Thomas Woolsy was sent out this morning to .with, what' tell the hunters to come in had that we killed, might proceed game they on our way. We started on at 10 a.m., pro ceeding three miles we met a company of horsemen from Winter Quarters, whose names are as" follows: Hosea Stout, George Grant, G. I. Potter, William Kimball, Jacob Frazier, George W. Langley, W. I. Earl. W. Miles, W. Martin- dale, Wm. Huntington, Freeman H. Calkins, Jarns W. Cummiugs, S. S. Thornton, Levi Heikerson James H. Glines, Chancy of . " Saturday, the 9th. At Sunset they encamped on the banks - of "Junction Bluff Fork," and the grass there being better than any they had lately seen, it was deemed ex- n1lfnr tn rpmnin thoro i ha rrraa tctf ra rt 'ft the day, in order to give their horses a chance to recruit themselves Here he mentions to-nig- ht to-day- .' j - U-- iiau-iv-uejjc- -- AA to-da- in--sigh- t - . to-nig- ht y - uu . me-Killin- it seemed- - for-to"bacc- o7 some who had never previously cared for it were now eager to get it, The scarcity of the artinlp mnflp it. an vjilnahlA thnt tioKnvV,n,,lJ make one cud serve them a number of times and they would lay it away carefully aa' a most choice morsal, . After every other source had failed, and being in a .great strait, my husband'," for doctoring horses,; went and asked him for a little, which he gave him, and when asked what the charge, was, he was told that he could return the favor when theyot. home by com ing to his house and singing some son trs for" him. Thi3 was not written down but was related "" "" to me verbally. Wednesdayjhe 21st he wrote that the camp , - - 1 to-da- " " . ; They had been eleven days comiug had metthex teams near the ford of the Loop hork who intended to go on without stopping. "With the horsemen came. S. H. Goddard, Ezekiel. Kellogg and Jackson Ileddin, the latsuing morning. 1 hey pursued their journey "at 8 a. m. Proceeding a niile,'and forded; ter was with Wm. Clayton when he left the a small stream,; near which in a stick by the valley. Orson and myself received a letter side of the road was found a few lints from Irom mother, and myselt one stating that they Amasa Lyman stating that they had left here were all well,etc. ' After spend on Saturday morning, last, and that the night with the a little time conversation in ing before they had gone to "the bluffs to procure brethren we went on and encamped at halfa supply of meat that they, got along rather past three p.m., having come' 10 miles slow, not making over between 15 or 20 miles One of those who went out in pursuit of but all were well and in tolerably buffalo brought word that they had secured per day, Near here we noticed that the enough meat to load the wagons. . Furthergopd spirits. ox team3 had encamped, ,frem appearances, more that as "he was returning he saw a large some 4. or 5 days since. It is the opinion of bod of Indians across the river some five or most of the brethren that Amasa and his comsix miles distant. It was therefore deemed exSO rades are not now mors .than i0j nr miloa V V VJ pedient to send for the brethren to come in toahead of us, and if the ox teams do not night. Accordingly a little after dark Hosea stop, the brethren weak and faint from, living Stout, Wilber Earl, J. Redden, J. Mathews, entirely on meat, must necessarily give up the Wm. Huntington, and Wm. Martindale started chase." This day's journey brought them in out on horseback for that purpose." sight of a large cluster of trees. He saysf "Tuesday the 19th. We remained "It is quite cheering to us to come once encamped. This forenoon .Brother Heber, more of, and to travel along near the Wm. H. Kimball and, three or four others timber, after being so long debarred of that went over the river in pursuit of a large herd . of buffaloes that had lately made their appearprivilege. : Foil r buffaloes were killed that day and ance in the vicinity They . returned this brought into camp on- horses. And another afternoon with a cow." That evening the was killed the next day and brought to hunters whovent out on Sunday returned camp in Brother Woodruffs carriage. The day with thoe who were sent in pursuit of them. following, Wednesday the 13th, after travel- "They brought in three wagons which were ing 16 miles they discovered two or three loaded down with nine buflklo cows in very large herds of buflalo coining down to the good condition. Hosea Stout and his comwater a little in advance, ot them. ' Two rades did not find them until this morning I brethren went out and each' shot a cow and a 'stood on guard .the 1st and Orson the number were sent to assist in skinning them. last watch. The wolves againto-ijirrh- t enter"They were gone until ten o'clock, when they tained us at a" distance with one of their returned Orson bringing in quite a supply of agreeable (Y) concerts." the lattest meat we have seen in some time " This was their first buffalo-hunt- . Much of On Saturday the 16th they overtook "Amasa their meat was cut in strip and dried without Lyman and his comrades, with the exception any salt after the Indian custom, which they -- . - " .(Continued. called "jerked" meat. Nothing otthis is men- x ucaiu 11 uescriOeu llUUcu iu juuiuai and also ate some of it, which was very palatable, though, it. would be very hard to be tieT to that alone, as they were until they received the supplies from Winter Quarters. For a time7 afterthe ; provisions had ran so .1 i ,1 1. ,1 ..L il.- -i ll. uu il I'll-.""10W tuai mey o'l wild game, for subsistence, they indulged once a '.thin porridge made of a week Sunday--i- n flour and water. After living ho much on meat two viz. was able to move considerably faster than they had hitherto done in consequence of their rein- iorcement. ot horses irom Winter Quarters. He also speaks of the weather being ccld, cloudy and windy. Th'ey continued thetF' journey "at 9 a.m., proceeding fifteen mile3 without making any halt. .We encamped at3 p.m. in the. bed of the river, which was dry here, between Grand .Island and the main shore.' This was, one of the best .camp grounds we had had for some time, se- c.urcA as wft wprft nn pvprv Riflp. frnm the howl. ing blasts that swept 'fiercely across the open The Frenchmen reprairie. this ported evening jthat they had discovered . traces of an Indian camp,and moccasin tracks ui uu uiuci uai,c mau iasi; lligui; LUCICJUIC, LllC brethren were cautioned to watch.closely their horses." On Saturday they reached the "Loop Fork of Platte River" at three p.m., and encamped on its banks, 'Sunday the 24th, clear weather, though extremely cold and windy. Two. wagons made several attempts to cross the river this a.m., which all proved ineffectual on account of the high winds and quicksand giving way beneath the horses feet. One or two horsemen while urging their horses across the stream, were thrown from their backs, on account of their stumbling .1 and sinking in nthe sand; it was. .1 i i i to tne lut'reiuro ueciuea rivtr aeifr ioraing until to morrow - when the wind might cease and we have a better chante for crossing." In the morning there being, but little wind stir ring they crossed the river, but men had pre viously been sent ahead to stake out a track for them to follow,which, he says, after a few of the wagons had passed over" became, quite firm. YY e were obliged, however, to double teams, and in some cases a number of men were obliged to accompany, the wagons, wading in Ihe water to assist them' "through.. Brother Kimball and myself both did this and were quite chilled through, the water being ex- iremeiy coia, tnough not very high. That evening, by counsel, seyeral of the men "went ahead on horseback to Winter Quarters to apprise the folks that we were close by, to allay the anxiety that they might .1 x i , i i p r' numc. " xeei ai our proiongea aosence irom Amasa Lyman and four others of the. pioneers, were the messengers and , two of the Frenchmen also accompanied them. Mv husband speaks .of writing a letter for "Brother Heber to his wife Vilate encourag ing her to be of good cheer etc., for we should be with them in about a week. - 1 . f : " A. 1 