WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 70 greatly blessed, us, arid we all went home rejoicing. to S pring XU3?uiiiwi-- i TJJolii-- . A fori inrt fimJKi roaliroH tic tvlfh lnpir usual hospitality meeting in the" evening, and a ":',".. crowded house. ; : On the 13th Bishop Aired took us to Ephraim, where we were kindly welcomed by President Peterson and family, and a delicious dinner spread before us. At 2 o'clock we held meeting with the sisters, M. A. Hyde presiding; Sisters M. A. 1 - . We had a splendid meet- - addressing the sisters." ing, the gifts of prophecy, tongues and interpretation were made manifested we had a Joyful time long to be remembered After meeting President Peterson took us over to Manti, where we met so many of our good brethren and sisters to welcome us, we scarcely knew where to go first. The 14th, visited the beautiful Temple 7n the forenoon" Brother Folsom - kindly taking us around. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon we met with the Relief Society, M. A. 'Hyde,. Sister Pitchforth, myself and Brother Maiben speaking to the sisters. The 15th, went to Mayfield; held meeting at 10 a.m. Passed by ' Gunnison, as they had not got the appointment, and tiuhop Ma :sen ana wile, and the President of the Relief Society were all out of town. Went on to Fayette and held. meet-j- i g in the evening. Sister Hyde was quite sick mai evening auu uiu nui aueuu Hieeiing. oilier Pitchforth and myself had to do all the talking. Next day, the i6th, a brother took ms to Juab; Tookdinner with Brother and Sister Taylor. Took" the train at 2 o'clock, and atrived at Nephi in the evening. Stopped at Sister Pitchforth's: 17th, attended the sister's conference, Sister Pitchforth presiding; and a beautiful meeting we had; we found so many good sisters to welcome us on 8th, attended the Primary Confer every hand. ence in the forenoon ; in the afternoon attended the Young Ladies' Conference, Sister Teasdale presiding: 19th, Sister Hydeand myself took the train at 2 p.m. and anived in Provo at 4 o'clock, having had a very delightful trip, and meeting kindness on every hand from the brethren and sisters, and nope we nave done a little good. I shall stop here ashort time. and visit my children before my return. I would like to see you, my dear sister. God bless you, is my constant prayer. From your true sister, After singing and prayer, conference was rc5 ilJren. .then adjoumea unui iecemper next, to meet JCunsel(ltherD0ther3--talteacktlithe principles of the Gospel, to make their at Grantsvillc. homes pleasai-- and agreeable, and to eudeavor, On Sunday morning the sisters from Salt the by divine assistance, to faithfully discharge Lake attended Sabbath School, and addressed mother. : wifa duties of and and children"' on livinor Urraa e r rdrls J p rioJnfo tj "noa ji some T t made h remarks, Jno nrl rrmra miml fivnnl Jesse "NrSmi nti Prest; the sisters in their struction. Expressed good wishes various walks of life, and encouraged thera to In the afternoon the Relief Society, confercontinue faithful hi the work. Regarded the ence was c n tin ued, after the opening exercises training of children as a very pleasant task, and the administering of the sacrament. Mrs. Home was the first speaker. She read yet one which requires considerable patience, abundantto Lord tho aud care irom ine uocinne ana LtovenanU study. Prayed the revelation & on A anui i t labors. in bless our us ly ior some time up ioou, spoite juiy, given months. threo for Conference adjourned on the matter pertaining thereto. Brother a' Tjvifir fillrivnl frttrtnrr rrnnA Benediction by pronounced Singing Samuel II. Rodgers. and urging all to the performance of every in regard to the manner of conductingthem. ei t flip-vnii- nj I fr r wr .... r-- ... Sept. 20, 1886. R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A & P. A. HEPORTS. EASTERN ARIZONA STAKE. " The quarterly conference of the Relief Society ot the Eastern Arizona Stake was held at Snowflake, September 10th, 388C, Prest. Emma S. Smith pi raiding. After the usual exercises, Sister Smith made opening remarks, alter which verbal reports of the braLches of Snowflake, ShowLow, Erastusand Taylor wer 3 given by SUters Mary II. Lawson, Harriet Whipple, Clarissa Wilhelm and Elizabeth Hawkins. The reports showed some improve-- , ment, but sickness had been prevalent, and so many death' occuring, caused the people t) feel somewhat downcast. The presiding officers of the Stake, and also of the branches, . were preseniea, anui sustained dv unanimous vote. The statistical and financial reports 'of twelve branches were read. Sisters Jemima W. Smith. Elizabeth Pnlsi. T)her and MarvJ Savage addrespf-- thft mpptinr O O' inuch and gave good couuscd and encouragement to the hiUers. Felt that unless we are bumble and rayerful we will not be able to .pass through the trials which are coming upon the Saint. Prest. Emma S. Smith spoke upon the good results obtained from having Relief Society meetings, and gave iomi instruction! .i . ii A . . 1 - . - . . m 1 Dklla Fisii, Stake Secretary. TOOELE STAKE. dutv. - Prest. Gowans endorsed all "that had been said, and made a tew remarks calculated to en-coura- ge -- 1 ''":;y?r''r' . The quarterly conference of the Relief So ciety, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations of Tooele Stake wa3 held in the meeting house vt Tooele, Saturday and Sunday, Sept- 11th aud 12th. Present from Salt Like City, Sisters tioriie burton presided at the R. S. Conference on Saturday morning, the President, Mrs. M. A. Hunter being detained at home on account of sickness. "'After 'siuirinir. wa3 otlered 4 n .... c prayer by Bishop Atkin. Meeting continued by sing ing. Minutes of previous inference were read and accepted; alo reports from thesc-vcra- l ' br niches in the Stake. Couu. Warburton made a few opening re" ' V" ' ". marks.' f Sister Home referred to the presence of the brethren as an encouragement. Spoke of the critical limes, and that the Lord would have a tried people. Said we should be hojjet mjth each other, and the Lrd in His own due tiaie wouldbverrule all things for the best. Gave good counsel to mothers, exhorted them to set a good example and to cultivate the intellect of the children at home, and not to train them up in the fashions of the world. (Grave advice to the Presidents of the Relief Society present in regard to their duties. Sister Taylor spoke of the individual work that each one must do " for herself, and the duties to be performed. Said, ''This is a try- ing time; we must go to tne .Lord witn our troubles, and ask Him to give us His Spirit. Counsel our children to keep good company jind not associate with, those who are not of our faith, to keep tho Sabbath day holy, and not go on excursions on that day, but to attend Sunday School and meetings, and the Lord will bless us." Prest. II. S. Gowans endorsed the remarks of the sisters, and spoke fur a short- - time on very interesting subjects. Meeting adjouued until afternoon. . Benediction by S. W. Owens. . . - . the'sisters. Couii. Warburtou adjourned the conference for three mouths, to be held at Grantsville. : The choir sang nu 'anthem, and the meeting was" dismissed with prayer by Bishop Atkin. . Ann Tate, Cor. Sec. R. S. SALT LAKE STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Relief So-- . ciety of this Stake was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Thursday, September 16ih; conithenciug at 10 a.m , Mrs. M. Isabella, Home "presiding. Alter singing, prayer was offered by Mrs. M. W. Wilcox. Siuging again, and roll called by Secretary, to which twenty-si- x presidents, six counselors and one secretary responded. Minutes of previous conference were read and accepted. Forty reports were read from the various branches in the county. .Prest. Home expressed herself much pleased with' the representation present, and the good number of reports; was also pleased that the donations to the Hospital had been paid up by so many branches, and thought that those who had been dilatory should attend to this matter, r The Lord had stirred up the hearts of the people, aud they had donated liberally for the wants ot the poor. "Now that the harvest is on hand let us be diligent and see that we continue to gather wheat; we will want a good deal to feed the number of people that will flee to Ziott." Hoped tho teachers would have tho spirit of their missions when they visited from house to house. Counseled mothers to see that the children were properly taught to keep the Sabbath day and all God's commandments, and made other good remarks. Couil E. H. Tavlorlhoucrht there wa3 an im provement in the reportsand urged the secretaries to keeD their books properly; thought tyo should have great pleasure in our labor if it was well done. "We make wiser and better mothers andVives when we educate ourselves in everything that is for our benefit." Hoped eaelof us would be wise enough to purify our selves so as to be able to stand when the day . The P. A. convened at 2 p.m. The Prest.y Mrs. Sarah Hale, not being able to atteud on account of sickness, Coun.. Mary Ann Atkin of burning comes. Airs. R. W. Smith Baid "We will have an A the of presided. boys and girls great many rendered songs and recitations in a very-ablinteresting conference, I think, and we should be manner, showing ihatthePresidentofthe try to profit by what we hear; we seem to Tooele Primaryi Mrs. Jane Bowen, and her slow to learn, but I hope we will go on lncreaaWW Counselers had taken a great deal of interest incn in orond wnrka and in intelligence and . In training the little folks .After the children's dom; let us put away everything that u evili exercises were finished the sisters addressed from us. . . in an interesting manner. thera xMrs. L. G. Richards spoke concerning tne ine In the evening the Y, L. Associations 'held Y. LTM. I. A. Conferet'ce come their conference, Mrs. Ann Tate presidium Af young ladies had voted that they wonld - tha terthe usual exercises, the sisters from the citv to conferenco fasting that day, asking His Spirit up Lord for a lare:e outpouring-o- f addressed the young ladies in a very able man. ner, entreating them to live their religion and on them, that good might be the result. z till p.m. honor their stauding as Latter-daMeetiog adjourned oingm. Saints. Bensdiction by Mrs. S. S. Young. CoumAW H. Lee, who had just emered from piisou, where he had been sent for conA fprnrrn session rTnnl fTfrcisRS. Prayer science' sake, spoke to the young offered by Mrs. B. W. Smith. Mrs. Rachel people, givmuch ; good counsel. ing R, Grant was the first apeaker; thought theri e .'.,-- y ' .. 