L' - - f The RigMs of the JPomcv of Zion; foul the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 14. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 1, 188 G. EMILY BLACKBURN. ' I'ar in th dim old forest : The settler's cabin stood; of built hewn were walls The logs, great The rafters strong and good; 7 '. And boughs of pine o'erlaid with rush, The cold and rain withstood. . Before his open doorway The Humboldt Rivr rolled. Where sunrise laid its silver, And sunset threw'its gold; And on its rippling current, night Cast wealth of gems untold. She knew not of the cruel brands, But heard what chilled each vein Yet spoke no word, for love of him, 7 - - . -- And with the river s music The wild birds chimed their song, ,; 'They woke her with the morning light And charmed her all day long; Ah! who would dream could enter there A Word or deed of wrong. r All day, through other sounds, she heard Back through the the forest ring His busy axe, and, sweetest sound, The songs he loved to singly And by these tokens cheerful wrought, As hours their flight did wing. ' Yet through the grand old forest Crossed here and there a trail. jIe, -- There came at last the dreaded sound, His ear a footstep caught His watchful eye and anxious heart Stern vigilance had taught And through the loophole, by the stars, Discerned the foe he sought. His rifles good, he reached and placed Them by his side, and looked Where sh beside the cheerful hearth Half musing, smiled; he shook And paled with love and fear for her, As her white hand he took. " "Emily, nerve thy heart to-nig- :, . That night of terror and of woe Wrought surely day by day, Till reason yielded 'neath its stress . ' J ht My own brave help to be; Fast as you can, mould by the fire- This lad in balls for me, And make no cry of fear, my girl, For morn will see us free." . p And memory died away; Nor even her sweet face or voice Evoked an answering ray. d , " With eager haste and steady hand The molten lead she poured, And watched the bullets fill her bowl As misers Uount their hoard, j brow-beate- n And Emily, for her babes' sakes, Surmounted every woe, , True heroine, where life and death Commingled in their flow: I love her still, as when I met, And learned her story years ago; Augusta Joyce Crocheron. South Bountiful, March 8th, 1886. "LOOK HER E, UPON THIS PICTUR E, AND ON THIS." ' --"God Ucss you, Emily, be sure You load the rifles right;" "God bless you, Tom, don't think of me Be sure that you aim right," And never once again they spoke . Tbroygh all that crul night. ; unre-genera- te - The contrast implied by these words of the immortal bard never found fitter application than in the treatment the Latter-daSaints receive from their traducers and those who think it their mission to oppress them; and the opposite course pursued towards the latter by the victims of their diabolical hatred. This is especially manifest right here,in what is known as "the stronghold of Morraonisra," where many of the most unscrupulous enemies of this people live, move and have their being, unmolested by a single act of aggression or re; taliation. ... We may read in the daily prints of outrages upon "Mormon'' missionaries and their converts, of mobbings, whippings and drivings, and even the assassination of humble, virtuous, men, who leave their homes, wives and children, and every social comfort, to go forth a3 wanderers for Christ s sake, to prove their faith and integrity to His cause and scatter the jewels of His Word among those who are ignorant of its blessed import. Before our very eyes a licentious and ribald pres3 heaps daily abuse and calumny upon men everywhere known to be highminded and honorable" by none better than those, who hate - them worst and abuse them most We see Jielpless women and children lied about most viciously and branded with infamy undeserved; the sacred memory of the dead profaned, and all that the living cherish and revere, held up as targets for the blasphemy and ridicule of the ones go ungodly. And -- all- this because-th- e persecuted are "Mormons," and hold to a different belief regarding the life here and hereafter to those entertained by thqir good, kind, Chris-mild (?) nd pta8?:ble (?) tian would-b- e reformers. Moreover, efforts ar8 continually beinf made, follow; y high-hande- -- Till all were done, then rising, took His empty rifle, too; He heard the sound and turned to her "Dear wife, what would you do?1' "Don't leave your loophole .Tom, and I Will load the guns for you," in-cust- ody God-fearin- g She kctlt before the glowing flames," And as they leaped and roared, Ill many instances with success, to lead our children away, under pretense of giving them a free education, from the holy faith which their fathers and mothers, rather than relinquish, would die for. Some of our youth arc seduced from wisdom's ways and virtue'sjaths by the wily arts of the libertine, the ganibler, and those who earu a livlihood by inheriting the curse pronounced upon him who "putteth the cup to his neighbor's lips;" by those of smooth face and oily tongue, who clasp Hands with these agents of reform, and having "stolen the livery of heaven to serve the devil in," prostitute the .sacred calling they thus usurp to subserve their selfish ends and desires. Our brethren and sisters are hunted down as by "sleuth-hounds- ; the sanctity of the fireside and the sick chamber is invaded, fathers and husbands are dragged from the bosom of their families dependent upon them for support, harassed by vexatious suits, trumped-ucharges and the unwarranted asminions ef the law; sumptions of small-souleheld or forced to give exorbitant and abused in court, bail; Insulted, and then thrust into prison and punished before fairly or finally convicted of the offences charged .against them. Mothers, sisters and wives are summoned before secret tribunals, inquisitorial commissioners and grand juries, as witnesses against their natural and legal protectors; catechised indecently by individuals clothed with an evanescent authority calling themselves "good men and true, and wearing indeed the shajpe of men, but proving by their conduct in some instances that from their breasts the last spark of manhood, if it ever existed there, has departed. Such thing! this people have endured and are enduring still, and yet are patient and and the authors and perpetrators of kindred acts of oppression are as and these free as the air they breathe, so far as hindrance or retaliation is concerned, and entirely so except as they are the veriest slaves of their own the spirit of wrong-doinbad passions-an- d which has fastened its shackles upon them. Who is it, having eyes to fee, ears to hear, and a heart to understand, but knows that if a "Mormon" or any number of his were to intrude into any other community on unwarrantearth and attempt the able procedure that is witnessed here in Utah from day to day, and of which they are the patient victims, it would yTaise such a clamor and indignant uproar as the thunders of heaven could scarcely ailence? Simply change the location and the contrast between the ; pictures is sublime. Let a "Mormon" school teacher go into a "Christian" city and endeavor by gilded baits ... of free education or other inducements to woo the children of the Gentiles from j;he religion of their parents, adding to such efforts the common among the institu tors and practice-s-o promoters of sectarian pchools in Utah, of making periodical visits to his at a distance, and after slandering- the people in whose raiist he is laboring, returns laden with a rich harvest of dollars reaped from the field of falsehood he has sown, to "continue the good -- work" of reclaiming the -- Gentile youth by inveigling them into what their fathers and mothers consider by and forbidden )aths. Let nifti do this, hen witness- the so-calle- d " At sight her voice its song would hush, Her dainty chek turn And in her loving heart, at this, The spring of strength would fail. . : ; As sparing his heart's pain His father calling through the wood Calling for help, in vain. The morning came; the cabin stood Unharmed the foe had fled; Their fallen comrades strewed the ground, His father, too, lay dead,. " And Tom his curling nut brown locks " Were white upon his head. The varying sunlight wrought there Each passing hour in change, "Mid leaf and flower and shadow Fresh pictures, rare and strange; In endless beauty all around, Far as the eye could range. He watched beneath the starlight cold, And saw as each one came He threw toward the cabin wall - A pine knot all aflame, But by- its light the answ'ring ball Sped with unerring aim. No. 21. -- fore-bearin- g, g d, fellow-believer- s - issI U that oM 