! . - " . yr i t--' 1 4 , if. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 62 i'm ij t i f I minutes. -- Tat one secret of Plum-Puddin- g, If plum-puddin- Th9 Sowing Machine of the Age! S,000 ZTow ' .intelligent. .. plum-puddin- is half g ng " . OBITUARIES. M Died, at Fillmore City Jan. 28th, x886, of membranous .' u Died, -- . Sew a coarse flannel over the bowl of a broken goblet. Wet the flannel, and sprinkle it with as much flax seed, or glasijdish.j?Ijajer canary seed,-- a will Ja a warm room. As the water soaks into the flannel, add fnore. In two weeks you will have a most beautiful center ornament for the table. stick-Set-this-i- n-A " Varr. Small pears, which show no teadtney to ripen, may be converted into a delicious dessert dish for winter months by stewing them for an hour or two, according to their aiie, in, syrup flavored with cloves and cinnamon. The syrup is made of three pounds of sugar to a pint and a half of water. The pears must be peeled and left whole, and there should be hardly sufficient syrup to cover them, as the juico from the pears will add to the syrup. Let them boll quickly, and coverthe jars well from the air. It is alaaost.impossibla to prevent a little shrinkage of flannels in washing, unless the articles are dried on forms. Prepare hot suck before hand, and agitate the articles in it without rubbing; then squeeze, not wring Qut- - and 'dry4 are aft improvement quickly. The patent clothes-wringehand-laboas,, without irjury to the fabric, they upon so thoroughly that the article dries the water out iqueett in considerably less time than it would do after the mbs rs r, thorough hand-wringin- g. Cake.ix- three heaped "teaspoonfuls of in one pound of ' fine flour, rub in a quarter baking-powdof a pound of butter or lard; mix in a quarter of a pound - ofastor sugar, a little ground carraway seed, cinnamon,-grat- ed lemon-pe- l, or any flavor preferred, and, if liked, add some chopped currants. When ready to bake, stir in as quickly as possible two eggs mixed with a half a pint of milk; put into buttered tins and bake in a hot oven. This ought to make four cakes about the sire of Madeira - er well-beat- shilling - pound-cake- en for Alum in Bread. Thebest rough test for alum JnJbread is the logwood test. Tie process, as applied to bread is very simple. The tincture of logwood and soluTest tion of carbonate of ammonia are used. A teaspoonful of each is mixed with a wineglassful of water, and in this a piece of the crumb of ftread is soaked for about five ... , SALT LAKE CITY, 6- - 9f TT1 in Manti City, Sanpete County, Feb. 14th, 1886, of a complication of diseases, Matilda Sophie Schramm Alder, born beptember joth, 1834, at Ualio, Kingdom o Wurtemberg, Germany. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints by her brother Elder Charles C. Shramm, May 16th, 1863; immigratad to Utah m 1864, and was married to John Alder March. 4th, i860. d wife Sister Alder was an exemplary, kind and After her hasbandjLJCiurn from a mission to andwvotlier. she was called, in connection with him, to Switzerland, labor, in. the St. George Temple, remaining there some nine months. She was a faithful member of the'Relief Society, and lived and died faithful to her covenants, with the hope of a glorious resurrection. She leaves a husband and three children, relatives anctmany friends to mourn her departure. Anna Keller, Secretary. ESTABIJSHED OCTOBEK, 1868. J good-hearte- -- 0 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. r IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Dry Goods, Notions, Groceries Editor Exponent: We; The members of the Third Ward Relief Society of Ogden, Utah, are with regret compelled Jo inform you of the death of our beloved sister, Dinah Mary White, who departed this life Jan. 28th, 1886, of typhoid fever, after twenty-on- e days' illness, at her residence on Three Mile Creek, Box Elder Co. She died firm in the faith, without pain, conscious to the last, attended by her husband and many loving friends. She was the daughter of John and Mary Williams;' was born July 19th, 1841, at Dunlan, Flintshire, North Wales, and was married to Barnard White March 7th, 1869.. She. had no children of her own but tenderly raised and cared for two families of motherless children, who will honor and bless her memory. She was chosen President of the Third Ward Relief Society, Jan. 2nd, 1879, and held that office till change of residence made it necessary for her to resign, still remain- mg a member 'till her death. - Appropriate resolutions of respect were unanimously adopted by the Society. Lucretia B. Farr, President, " Mary A. Theresa West, Mriott, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GliASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE MENT8, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, - - CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, 1ST We carry a larger and ,more complete Stock" than any house In the west. H. S." ELDREDCE. F. Auerbach oVBro. " .A Spring and Summer Goods tST v.. in CALL AND EXAMINE. 6z CO.r LACES, RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, ' RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant. agsortmenfol TINNERS, CAS.WATERJt STEAM FITTERS PUptumS8 ?1 celebra LIFT and FORCE on short notice. Orders Irom the oounlrypromptlx responded to. Uimt, lAm JilfW. Bsx 308. CUT USE CJT7. -- TEA Will be found the latest styles and productions LADIES DRESS TRimmiKGS. DAVID TiLlES Supt Special to the Ladies. Full and Uomplete 8tock ot MILLINER Yr AND ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DE8IGNS. Counselors. - DBY C3-OOJ3- S. Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 113 I Jo Old Constitution Building, s. 76 Preserve Fruit and Flovters, Fruit and flowers may be preserved from decay and fading by Immersing them in a solution of gum arabic water two or taree times, waiting a sufficient time between each insertion to allow the gum to dry. By this process the surface of the fruit is covered with a thin coat of gum, which in entirely impervious to the air, and thus prevents the decay of the fruit rothe withering of the flowers. Roses thus preserved have all the beauty of freshly plucked ones, though they had been plucked several months. It is reliable and something all may try. n ri, - Main Strejet, 38 id HOUSEHOLD HINTS. 1 Com.; In Fillmore City, Feb. 14th, x886, of membran ous croup, John Franklin, son of John and Seraph Jack son, aged lour years," four months and seventeen days. w Jwy 00 ht ;.' fl fen croup, Wells R. son of Thomas C. and Alice M. Callister, days. aged two years, one month and twenty-eig' . A square sofa pillow of black satin is effectiye, powdered with white daisies wrought in fil floss. Finish the edge of the cushion with large yellow beads, and decorate one . corner with a large yellow satin bow. IxL is g ' -- use iaa. ; known to fw it is long boiling. after-boiliboiled and allowed to 'get. cold, bo amount of -. can repiir the damage; it will remain sodden and unwholesome to the end. When well boiled at first, it can be made hot through, and be as good as ever. For a smalj pudding, nine or ten hours', for a large one, twelve or. fourteen hours', fast boiling, without stopping, will ensure a good pudding, even with no very rich materials. Without, this precaution, one mad of the best materials will prove .' a failure. ..: .... All things are engaged in writing their history. - The planet goes attended by its shadow; the rolling rock leaves scratches on the mounani- -' tain; the river its channel in the soil; the mat its bones in the stratum; the fern and leaf their modest epitaph in the coal; the falling the . drop makes its impress in the sand or stone; not a footstej) in the snow or along the less ground but prints in characters more or lasting, the map of its march; every act of the man inscribes itself on the memory of his fellows and in his own manners'and face. The air is full of sounds, the sky of tokens; the ground is memoranda or signatures, and every object is covered with hints that speak to the - f stlG The bread is then removed and dried at a geatJo heat.- - If no alum be present, the bread "dries to a dirt y a1 brown color, if a little be' present, the bread "dries to lavendar color; if much alum be present, the bread dries to color. a dark-blu- e All acciuanlntion, whether- - of money, or tested. knowledge, or experience, may be thus for counted If it is simply aaved, hoarded, and itself, it is of little worth; but, if it develops continually into something higher and nobler, if it be willing to lose itself, if need be, in what it is able to bring forth, if it be the source of power, characterhappiness, and life, it is honorable and valuable. t . ' In-an- t's East Temple Street. I. 