n The Rights Vol. 15. of through jar and shock of wrong, else What were never understood; Through lightning's darts and thunder's voice The blessed rain fall's mission good; And when fierce winds, that swathe us 'round, Sweep earth beneath and fill the sky, Then wrapped in fear, to feel the arm The bond of trust twixt Thou and I. .. ; 1,.. ?lm!a ii rusponsi unities resuug upvu ineiu, uuu mariv da not sense it one tenth nart a3 much as they should; homo and family ties should not be neglected for anything else this world affords. If mothers knew the erlorv. iov and satisfaction they will receive if they train the y jjicnuuo auuJs tmrui Leu iu men wit; 111 a that will enable them to train eternal life aud a full salvation, they would indeed be encouraged. They would hot look around for an would briner briehter trlories: oceunation that CJ j for them theren3 no nobler work -- Let woman i . --. Paiafr4heir loss was longer lived As darkness, than the fairest day; Yet, thanks lor hours of bliss that shone Across our summer day and sky. They held to view in lesser like 'The perfect joy reserved on high. Though chaos and its voices rise In endless roll through echoing air, Thine eye votes every glance to Thee; ' O 1 7 . Thou hearest e'en the whispered prayer. triumph thrill this fettered frame! The rack and wheel bring nearer by The clasp of death, the only spell That rends the veil twixt Thou and I. - " Augusta Joyce' Crocheron. "South Bountiful, Aug. 13, 1886. understand ' her domestic duties and perform them well, and she calls down the blessings of heaven; but she too often fails tto comprehend he object of her creation. Girls, too many of them, marrv without eivinsrthe responsibilities Cj j "of their future Hves a siugle thought, supposing all women capable of filling the offices of married life. They are apt to think it requires but little knowledge and an inferior intellect to nerform such duties: but every mother should be highly educated and refined She shouldseek lor knowledge irom the best 01 books, and adont the best plans she can learn of for the welfare of the little realm" called home, over which she is queen. Her most anxious care and increasing watchfulness is called forth while her children are young, for impressions made then are lasting, and the little tender ones, before their minds are somewhat matured or developed, are incapable of taking care of themselves, and should not be trusted from the mother's side. unless she knows the company they are in, and know3 it to be nt ior ner cnuu wj miugic wiw, iui x will certainly influence them either for good or for evil. Now is the time for all those elevating and ennnhlinc nrincinles to be instilled into their pure minds. And when they arc older your careful training will begin to showits'elf in .the WAV of the- - devoted love of a sister to her brother, a brother's protecting care for a sister, sisters-clingito each other in love and affec-fin- n of home v v- j brothers nreferrin? o the charms j to those offered elsewhere. Tn mv irlpal home, the home I believe it 13 children to possible for all. true parents and T see no bad examples moVrt fnr f liemsel vpi. set by the father, such 'as rough, uncouth actions and language, a violation of the word of v ng - -- AN I believe there of the Latter-da- y IDEAL HOME. is to be found in the homes Sain ts more purity, virtue., love, affection and a greater exercise of all the divine, principles, than can be found in the homes of any other people on earth. And yet, my observation' has led. me to believe that some 01 owr Homes are not by any means what they should be. As lonj? as sin is allowed to exist at home. mere is no nope ot raising society to, that high standard of perfection that is talked and writ1 1 ten upon by so many, "home, home, sweet, sweet home." It should be the heart's dearest sanctuary. Every member of its holy circle euuuia lena nis or her mnuence to make it an Eden, a refuge from sin,and the contaminating muuences mac abound in the world. Without the combine! effort nf b fT.,;ir it cannot be jnae what it Bhould be. gut the but I. see a character who seems to understand that he "should be a light, a guiding star, whose luster must not be dimmed by evil deeds but h hreakincr. or-profa- crhtor hv noble ones, sheddincr forth nAa of those shining rays, and lighting .the path his protection. whom God has entrusted to vet yet not firm, kind, mntle. ti.. too indulgent, but ever loving and ing to those dear one3 wno iorm a yery existence. .Jlflrnn. whoso hearts know to the older aothiiig ; but happiness, look up their worthy ex- mvinf; and emulating their gooUocs3. All self-sacrin- c- puui,i... ; ampj03. f n ,i Jti.O No.. 7. have been taught to bo industrious, cleanly and orderly, to control their passions, lest they do or say - something that"wo.uld wound tho hearts of those it is their destiny to live and associate with daily. I kno w just such homes, and there is a spirit of peace and contentment felt there that truly reminds one of that home called heaven, which I believe the in raatea of my ideal homo will reach. .'M..A.T..' Smithfield, August 11, 1880. and unbounded love for her offspringand yet she often fails to do her duty by them, simply because she does not know what it is Most mothers realize to "some extent the weight of With famished Hps, or wrung with pain, Or, saddest,' wronged by trait'rous friends, When death hath lifted up our own, And helpless woe o'er all extends, O then we learn the lesson long Thy ;Son learned ere He bowed to, die; Stronger and. nearer draws the bond, My Fiher, betwixt Thou and I. The richest, joys that life hath" known, Have wearied us or paled away, - 1 ; Its mother's care forgetteth quite; I passed through scenes of pleasure, 'til Locg time had passed and shades were nigh, lAnd started, now, a child no more Changing life's smiling for its sigh. ; 1SSG. 1 Thou ga vest me Thy blessing and Thy guardian care (veiled from my sight,) And, as a child who plays alone, y w Greatest resnnnsihilitv rests unon the mother. To her is given the sacred charge. God has rW entrustco her to pcrlorm that sacred labor- the moldingO of -minds. We mav nraise her ; in truth, for her tenderness,r affection, ' devotion Like coming daylight's faintest light, When gazing on Thy footstool here. Like one slow wand'ring through the nfcht, O was earth's welcome shadowed with The memory 0(f heaven's good bye, .Was this first breath weighed with regret Of parting betwixt Thou and I? , ' r xv SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,' SEPTEMBER 1, Ere first my mortal being dawned -,- - of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. the: Women THOU AND I. . , - PREJUDICE BLIND TO FACTS. STILL WE WILL' rROTI'ST. SainU" will" The enemies of tho Latter-dain them continually in the at' keeping persist titude of defense. Wo arc not an aggressivo people; most gladly would we walk in the quiet - paths of - peace and im provement, but the attacks constantly made upon our people, practices and religious institutions compels us to defend theiri against the most bitter and unjust assaults from all quarters. Were we really tho vile and abominablo people that our enemies would have us appear whv.is not the truth, plain, indisputable truth, sufficient to arouse a nation's hatred without to the manufacture of the everlasting lie wholesale. The women the liv mnliMon.q of Utah had not recovered from the shock of di?gust and indignation occasioned by reading a living abomination called by Mrs. Angie' F. Newman of Nebraska, "A petition, 'to Congrefa to deprive the women of Utah oi the right of franchise," in which she displays the most intense hatred and ignorance of the subject which' efye essays to handle with such eloquence her charges are a burniug insult to thousands ; of her sex, as intelligent, virtuous and noble, women as ever graced this fair earth, and for the second time I felt it my duty to refute her malicious misrepresentations, but are I began the task, the visit of the G. A. K. to Salt Lako City, and some of the speeches made at tho Pavilion has furnished other demands for the women of Zion to defend themselves against another volley of cruel indignities and vilo insults, proving that the efforts of such works a3 Mrs. Newman's have not been in vaih,'and the most unjust prejudice has" found fruitful soil in the hearts of ignorant and thoughtless people who apparently have been made willing victims of falsehood and deception. That deceived by so pcople at a distance should be is not many false and unscrupulous teachers, ranks amazing, but that such people as fill the of the G. A. R., professiDg tho principles of Christianity, and representing the patriotism of this great nation should come here to the capi-toi our Territory and display their information and entire ignorance of the people and situation is truly marvelous. They talked about liberating the "slaves," the women "Mormon" women, of course. Until the "Mormon" women acknowledge this position and assume the attitude of slaves, pleading deliverance, such sentiments arede-a we gross insult to our womanhood, and cidedly resent it. We have not been trained to ignobly submit to insult ' from man, having always been treated with the greatest respect and deference by the brotherhood of this in- Church, and wo will not quietly submit to : y re-so- : ol ill-gott- en 