WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 178 WOMA-N'- Exponent S B. EMMEUSE Editor. . WELLS, in Salfe Lako City, Utah. Terns s: Published ono S2.D0; copy tlx months, f 1.00. Ten one copy oneyoir, "cbple-- i for tbo price of nine. tw-- o f n mpn relt fitch fi'in t-li Ad reTttsirf' A S3.00. liberal discount per month, f pace, oivj llmfl, semi-monthl- , entering into the broader field of usefulness, and comes to more mature thought and development. Trusting it may be so with our dear little Exponent, we would entreat our sisters to give this silent messenger of theirviews and ' expressions more" liberaV'patronage and careful attention in the near future. by-th- - WASHINGTON JOTTINGS. 32.-50- Ij regular advertisers.' ' ""....". ! KxposenT office, No. 2" E., South Temple Street, second 13 pate east of Pseret News fj.Tice. I5us:ne3s hours from -a.mT o 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ; Address ell business commilnic.itions to WOIIAN'S PUBLISHER EXPONENT, v" "' Salt Salt Lake Lake City. Utah. May i?, Citv, , 1SS6Y is .very difficult out of so much material to know which will be the most interesting to the readers of the Exponent, but we will try to touch briefly on' some of the most important events now in progress or just past. Easter festivals were It pretty generally celebrated. Easter lilies, and other flowers of the choicest varieties were, plentifully used' to decorate and Jhe :great abundance of Easter cards and gifts were as varied as OUR LITTLE PAPER. the tastes of the purchasers. The Roman Catho-- . One can realize most fully when absent from lies celebrations surpass all others in point of Zion or the valleys- of the mountains what a grandeur and imposing effects, and consequently draw great crowds of people to see the ornamentation. - Early morning masses were jhe first a newspaper is. We are well aware that manyof and afterwardsTervTces for the peopre anU our sisters tlHnk very little of the "Woman's Ex"with the most impressive music. Easter ponent,4'- and look upon it as too insignificant sermons Sunday is. the great festival of the Resurrection, for them to patronize, or even read, but they do not comprehend its importance, if they did, they and all the pomp, and ceremony possible, one would be anxious to sustain it by their influence, 'would imagine, is observed to represent the risjjn Christ. The candles burning among the most 'nnirl hv snhsrrihtinn as well. Ponle their - - f - onen "J beautiful lilies and foliage lend a sort of enchanteyes in wonder when one tells them the.Mormon ment to the scene and the rich music and cerewomen publish a paper, and 7 were we to mention monials of the robed priests and nuns are all calall the facts in our possession concerning this mat' ter collected since .we have been roaming culated to produce solemnity and awaken sentiment in the hearts of those who have not known abroad in theEastern States it would fill a book. The fifty copies we took from here were given a "better way," a more sublime method of. recognition of the Savior's ascension. The sanctuaries away during the first few weeks and we have many orders to fill of single copies promised when we of the churcheswere most elaborately decorated and brilliantly lighted. The carol singing was shall return, at which .time we intend to use our full of melody, and the children in white with more subscribers. How utmost exertions is it that our sisters are not alive to the fact that their.Iong veils and bouquets of flowers, marchthe little "Exponent'' proclaims the doctrines of ing through the aisles of the Church were a lovely the Church from a woman's point of view, the and imposing sight. ' Another very side of the question that is adtatins' Con very pretty practice; and one very interesting to the children is egg rolling. Monday gress, etc., at the present time. Is it not legitiafter Easter large numbers of children gather mate to, pay money towards circulating a paper to on the White House grounds and enjoys this annuexplain principles, and doctrines and defend al custom of 'rolling Easter eggs down the grassy woman's position on the question of plural marriage giving woman's own testimony? There knolls, They take a lunch out with them'and c have a regular on the grass and thoroughly are very few sisters who actually come in contact the with thi women of the world to give verbal tes This enjoy sport. year we were told President Cleveland' shook hands with hundreds of' timony, but they have,through this channel the these happy little people. expressing their views and opinions in favor of the practice of an unpopular principle,11 Now the gay season after Lent has begun and and that testimony, if it be genuine, has its effect a great variety of entertainments are already on notwithstanding the opposition that i seems so the tapis. One of the" most unique entertainments strong at present. Thoughtful women who see and now open is "The Village Fair at the W. L. I. deplore the condition of society are impressed Corps Armory. Like the Fairs in England it was with the eternal truths that have been received opened by the 'Squire, who;made a speech in and embraced by the Latter-da- y Saints and it is "bonbastic phrase." He was a Jolly looking,, possible tobear strong testimony to men and stout English fSquiFe in breeches and hose, s hort women in high places through the pages of the of breath followed by a troop of village maidens "Woman's Exponent." The sisters should One of the distinctive features of the evening was awake to this fact. Since we have been absent we the appearance of. the great physician to the might have given away thousands of copies of Emperor ofall die CJijnas, Avh??lfor.med magjc. the Exponent had we been provided with them, tricks and exploited the great cures effected by and it attracts particular attention because it is his nostrums. Strolling a Turkish players, by "Mormon' women. booth and the white Elephant of- - Burmah and a The. agents for the Daoers in all the warH? kncV shadow palitornine were attractive parts of the settlements, and all who are interested, in the show. Another famous social event is the Kirmes" spread of truth and the growth of Zion, should which was given at the National Theatre. The double their diligence at this critical time in the affair was managed by leading society ladies. history of the Church, and see what can be done There were a variety of dances given in costnme the Tyrolean by sixty dancers ail in the among the faithful ones to secure more subscribpeasant influence the of that Mormon women may ba ers, holiday dress of the Tyrols, then the flower extended, and the women of the world who are dance thirty two young ladies as flowers unenlightened in regard to the motives, methods twelve as bees. Of the' flowers there were anj eiht and practices of this people may have the privil-- . poppieseight daisies, eight roses,weight violets. ege of the experiences and testimonies given on Then followed the Swedish in costume, Indian this important pripciple of our religion. Remem dance composed of young people of the families of ber, this number ploses the fourteenth volume,an(k Senators and Representatives, Minuet, Japanese, the next number will commence the fifteenth and Gypsy dances. Orr the stage were the musicivolume, when the young and timid maiden-ians and four tforoths, the central Just portion freing oc ex-ercis- - --- -- , - pic-ni- . -- s .. .. ' - es -i- to-sec- ure -- . . 1 -- - rey-tet- " ladies ofahe committee--'On.thc- i e cupied left of the stage was the Oriental booth and adjoining was the gypsy encampment. There have been two deaths! recently of distinguished Roman Catholic', clergyman." Father Ryan well known as the "Poet Priest", died on. the 22nd of April in Louisville He distinguished himself recently as a lecture,r,but as an author he is r more widely ana tavoraDiy Known, Ml ine writer while traveling in the East during the past winter" heard some very interesting incidents concerning -the deceased, and become much' interested, in his poetry. The "poems most admired ' by the masses are "The Conquered Banner' Of Lee." After the: Sword 'and "The funeral exercises in Louisville, the remain's were.- -' taken to Mobile. The last tribute laid upon his. coffin.was an immense passion cross of lilies sur-- mounted by a" Niel rose, crown and resolutions, were read by Gen. Alpheus Baker, These reso- - ; lutions- are something very different frorn.those-ordinarilprepared for like occasions. The other priest alluded to as having passed away was Father Maguire, whose funeral services were solemnized in the Church of trAloysiusTiT this city. Arch bishop Gibbons and many priests, aboutfifty in number, weFe present." That which will interest our readers most is of quite a dfferent character to the events already alluded to. The arguments: before the Supreme Court of tlie United States in the case of Apostle Lorenzo Snow begun April 28th, and continued two days. The opening of the case was made by Hon. . S. Richards, and while listening to the presentation we could not help feeling a good degree of pride in our young friend and brother for the masterly manner in which he laid the matter before the Chief Justice and his associate judges. He covered the ground carefully not failing in-single particular. He was followed by" George Ticknor Curtis, Esquire, an emintnt lawyer and author of several standard books, a man-helin very high esteem in literary and social circles and a man thoroughly versed in the Law, He made a grandly eloquent and pathetic appeal, as well as presenting logical and unanswerable arguments on all the points in question. His manner was earnest, impressive and thoroughly genuine, he evidently spoke from the depths of his heart. His speech has since been published in pamphlet form, and a part of Mr. Richards' along with it. It was a brilliant effort, and plea, for justice and religions liberty and rights of conscience, and we trust copies of it will be widely circulated. The Assistant Attorney General represented the government, and his speech throughout was bitter, and some parts of it scathing in the extreme? He seemed to forget the dignity of the position he occupied, and of the temple of justice in which he stood and the august presence of the Judges before whom he was arguing for this free and glorious government, rone might have thought that he wasjotally oblivious to all save the simple fact law and that he stood there not tointerpret-th- e ask that it be observed or enforced, but to vent his own s.pleen upon an 'unpopular people, and pour forth a tirade of abuse such as we trust has never before been heard at the most exalted tribunal of this great and free Republic. " Mr. Rich-ard- s closed and submitted the case in such a calm, fervent and' unimpassioned manner, after all the taunts and aspersions of his opponent, that it would seem impossible for any-on- e who possessed an honest soul not to discover the difference.be-twee- n the spirit of the two arguments. Mr. Richards deserves the highest encomiums of praise from the people he represents, for the very able and impressive speeches made in this important case before 'the Supreme Court of the United States. of the The bearing before the Judiciary of the House' of Representatives ft ; y d " ', ; ; -- - Sub-Committ- ee 