63 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, of man in the spirit of a life's history can be crowded into a few card to the world and Borne were more noble than others pages the unwritten history loom3 up before and of those the Lord will make rulers. Man me, and I am glad that angels are more accuhas been appointed to come forth in the time rate historians than mortals. I wonder if any and manner in wnicn ne aoes, ana part oi nis one can read the, poems of Emily Hill Wood- "mission is to occupy "and till the land. All mansee, Lula, Augusta Joyce Crocheron aud manner of precious metal, shall be found in Lu Dalton without finding something to feed their soiila and towch the tender, hidden chords the land of Joseph on the Western Hernis phere, quoting references from the Bible to of the heart? substantiate his remarks. The ancient prophets By the way, why don't Lu Dalton favor us and apostles foresaw the downfall of the often tr with her sound logic, impressive senti ancient church and for seventeen centuries ments and entertaining sarcasms? I've missed there was bo true church until the Lord spoke her very much of late years. Would love to through the rrophet Joseph bmith who re "Horoscope,"but have searched in vain for the forgotton number of the paper in ceived all the keys that had been held by holy old. been our have reserved to which it appeared. Will she forward a copy men of spirits s and acrratifv an admirer? I've snent manvJ a come forth in the day when i j will see Zion redeemed. happy hour with "Queerie" and "Mary" of C. Esther Parkinson spoke of the Urantsville, and why are they silent? A score Prest. necessity of obeying the commandments 'of ofjiom de plumes and initials that have puzzled and vexed me would alno receive a hearty vote God and disapproved of the baints following ? too much after the fashions of this world. of thanks could I be furnished with an mtro There are great responsibilities resting, upon duction to those whose identity is so carefully guarded by them. I trust that we shall have every member in order to advance their asso advised faithful. all be to ciations, many spicy chats with "Homespun." I'm sure she will find much on that far off isle toenter- After, a few remarks by F. C. Parkinson - conference- - was adjourned - for three months. r tain and instruct usr in her ever cheery, origin Ever wishing for the prosperity of Zion, we al way. Well, memory fails to recall just now all whosepen pictures have given me pleasure. remain, I like the gems of thought interspersed here Your sisters in the Gospel, ' and there; in them one gets a sermon at a Esther C. Parkinson, Hints on. household management, glance. Ruth A. Hatch. home government, the proper training of bur human twigs, cookery, hygienic notes and pleasant paragraphs are all very acceptable in LETTER OF APPRECIATION. a woman s companion. May the latent talent of Zion's daughters be Dear Sister Wells: fostered and improved by cultivation and Since my promise some months ago to chain demonstrated in the pages of the Woman's Exponent. May it indeed be a true repremy thoughts and present them in readable sentative of the iaith, culture, intelligence and form to our dear little paper, for the consideraof heroism the noblest and purest and 'most tion of our listers, I have formed many a resowomen in the world; not the lution 'to keep it, but in the midst of the daily ignorant slaves as so falsely round of a mother's busy; life, where heart and crushed, degraded,whr maKoa lie. Ihe bv those brain and physical powers alike have been ironed tUo world are upon us, watching our taxed to the utmost, it seems tht I could do ,70. There are course with a curious interest no more than read the little messenger of inthousands of both sexes actively engaged in telligence, so filled with warm, bright and pure misrepresenting us. Let us come boldly to the womanly thoughts, like a sweet, comforting front and voice our own sentiments and defend friend in the hour of distress.. How7 many those for which we are willing to times my heart has respouded to the sentiments suffer principles the scorn and ridicule and abuse of the echo will feel' same and the I that expressed, willing to deliver up the comefrom hundreds of1 sister heart?, who, wholeworld, being and companionship of huswhile appreciating the efforts of the writers, care, protection bands, fatherst brothers andjsons, and all the able own withhold their through timidity, home comforts and worldly advantages by to interest the various on of thought! questions which we are so bounteously surrounded, rather us as a people; and there is not the freedom of than renounce our belief and practice in that the in concentiated if pages response, which, which God has commanded. of the Exponent, would so much better repreThis warfare for right and liberty of consent the fiith, experience and intelligence of science is not for ourselves alone; it is for our the women of Israel. Some may call it "small and generations yet unborn, who talk," but I doubt if such ever give expression posterity, will revere our names for the independent to greater wisdom, or purer and more lofty stand we take against tyranny and oppression; sentiments. Still, I do not think the Exponin whose mercy and power alone we and ent as well sustained as it should be to do trust,God; will see that right triumphs, and crown credit to our sisterhood. : with eternal life those who have laid all upon Who does not feel inspired with the grand the altar in its defense. truths so majestically and beautifully portrayed M ay the day. come when the Exponent by our general favorite, Hannah. T. King? or shall be as a ministering angel in the family of who can read the sweet eloquence, entwined Latter-da- y Saint, enlarged, improved with the sound arguments, deep wisdom and every and adorned in the habiliments of grace and faith, born of experience, displayed in "Aunt ' Em's" articles, without an increase of spiritual beauty. Your Friend, more life's trials and meet to strength power bravely? Then Helen Mar Whitney leads ene to think that they have never done anything H. H'S LONELY GRAVE. for the kingdom of God, and are unworthy to unlatch the shoes of those who have borne and "The bnrifll nlare was of her own choosing; suffered so very "much in helping to establish ftbnnt 9000 fpftt above her home at Colorado the work of God, the heroism which she porSprings, and 8,000 feet above the level of the trays in the lives of our sisters is a beacon Atlantic Ocean; near where she was oorn. one light to those who know that trial is the A'wA in California, whfre she selected as her promised portion of a true Saint. And the final resting place a plateau npon the top of "Biographies of noble women" one is led to one ot the Uheyenne mountains, ine ccoseu emulate their virtues and reverence the characnliire was one where she had spent for five ters thus glorified, and I often think hfftf Kith yVars ot mre m"utfi of heT leisure tlmfc ti) ex pre-existenc- e re-peru- . Latter-day3aint- , - self-sacrifici- ng " ploring the mountains, in planning, sketching and writing portions of her "Century of Dishonor," "Kamona," and many of her poems and stories of home history and Indian life. "Many pilgrims from all parts of this country,, and from abroad Iso, visit this mountain grave, of which none knew up to the hour of her death but her husbaud, a single friend, and herstlf. Why, almost every one asks, this strange place of burial? If the dead cannot speak, the living cannot answer. The moun-tai- n Mte everything is grand and .beautiful in nature where nothing can ever disturb her love of sweet repose and rest where the parsing clouds and the heavens are nearer than the boundless sweep of plains where, with a cleareY sky, if possible, than elsewhere, oae can look through nature .. ,up to nature's God." is-w- here bo--lo- - WHERE THE BLAME RESTS. " Young girls are not always to blame for n in social pleasures. Sometimes their, parents, who are ambitious to see them make brilliant figures in the gay whirl, push them on to excesses, or, at least, do not restrain them. THe consequence is that young girls frequently" exhaust their freshness in a single eeason. Often they lose the color, the vivacity and enthusiasm of youth, and become faded and dispirited before they are out of their over-exertio- nfiot nrmnnf in. health. their The exhaustion jury upon ot excitement and latigue often causes sleeplessness, and the ready dose of chloral or bromide is relied upon to quiet the nerves. Alternate sedatives and excitements wear out the nerves rapidly, and prepare the victim for neuralgia, headaches, dyspepsia, and many other maladies of that kihd.Very often7 when a young girl is smitten with illness of this sort, the family sneaJr nf it .- to when of it as pathey ought speak uence," teens. Wnrttft nt.il I. thp.v ----- rental mismanagement. r" NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. is spoken of as possessing a marvelous voice, is coming to this Jenny Lihd's daughter, who country some time next winter. A new prose work by Miss Jean Tngelotf will be brought out by Messrs. Roberts Bros, during the early autumn. It will be entitled "John Jerome: His Thoughts aud Ways." Miss M, E. Braddon, the novelists very habits. She works only methodicaLin-h- er three days a week, but on those days she puts in full' time, working "from 10 a.m. ti 7 p.m. without intermission. , . . The biography of Queen Victoria, which Barnett Smith has had in hand for some time, will be published this month in one volume of 400 pages. It will contain several portraits. The Fowler & Wells Co., of New York, announce the publication of "The Americin Kindergarten and Primary Teacher." As the name implies, it is especially devoted to kindergarten methods of teaching. The death is announced of 'Miss Anne Bowman, of Yorkshire, Eng., author of "The Boy Foresters," "The Kangaroo Hunters." "The Castaways," and other popular juvenile storiesT Miss Bowman was ninety-on- e years of age. Ames ("Eleanor Kirk") is preMrs. E.-paring a" volume called "Beecher as a Humorist." Mrs. Ames was formerlyua. reporter of Mr. Beecher's sermons, and has long been in- - r f tinjately acquainted with him. Miss Annie L. Dawes has written, and will &Km publish in 0ocm atfcofc cU "TftMotfffO M. 