19 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. INMEM0RIAM7 count of the storm we were two days late in night, and drove through the town in the early we reaching Liverpool, and owing tcrthat fact morning, then took a Coat on tho Rhine for Nellie Emmeline, beloved daughter of Manson J. and had the pleasureof seejug Queen Victoria,who Mayence. You know we read and are in B. life this KanT, Woodward, Atchison, was there to open the International Exposi Fanny departed told much of the beauties of the Rhine, but Sunday, 2 a.m., Jan. 31st, 1886, aged twenty-si- x year and he hal fwaa never- - told.'-for !it tion, andhejfirst time she haLbeen there Iu u umerou3 old " i Y ten months. thirty-fiv- e castles where built so she hotel the drove rs years; many, .many-yeapast ago, a few we were staying twice in an open carnage, so of which are now occupied, but most of them-iOurs is the loss and the sorrow, Y '.... tbat we had a good view or the "line old lady; Ours is the grief and the pain, ruins, built high .up .among the hills and she is rather good looking, but dresses very Thine the eternal mountains, that border this historical river; . clean, quiet little towns in the valleys, while jAnd thine the heavenly gain; plainly. r 1 11T r y e went irom Liverpool e Ransomed and freed from to Manchester, tne very a va i ab e fix) t o f ground ( n th eliiou n- r Ever at rest from Its strife, great manufacturing city of England, there we tains is covered with grape vines, all terraced Beyond temptation and trial, yisueu ine lioara or iraae, wnere the price 01 10 Keep it irotn sliding, inese piaccs are en Restored through death unto life. cotton is fixed for the whole world. We also to. us all in song or . romance, such as went to the Court of Assizes,and there were the the'Lonely Rock, on which the very spot was Though thy form from sight has vanished grey wigs, the gowns and knee breeches worn pointed out to us where the maiden sat and And the dark grave claimed its own, by the Judges, the Lawyers and Jury, which jfung and combed her hair with the golden Purer thy spirit's adorning, Wfinnlv SfiA rm thr fcfnrrA mill hrm nil neiniTr comb, and Ringen which we passed,aud thought Fairer its heavenly home. - Y o nf. UUu.U)u.. ucu,b "l""' j of "the soldier who lay dying at Algiers' Angelic voices are. calling, ' ' TIT rn .1 l 'ii i tt we visited tne lown nan ana many, Apollonaris,- - where all the water of that name "Look over the darkness and gloom, other places in Manchester, and then went on drank in America comes from, etc., etc. From Behold! the merciful angel to London, passing through many towns whoso Stands by the unsealed tomb." Magence we came to "Frankfort on the Main," is an interesting old town, dating back were which such names .. where as familiar, Rugby, Lv M. Hewlin'G.s. "Torn' Brown" studied and .'Arnold'' taught. to the days of Charlemagne, or abqut 790. We The country in England is beautiful; all in the are now at Hamburg, where wo "will remain Fr the Exponent. It reminds one some little time, then go" through Switzerland, of our parks in America, with an occasional then take a boat on the Danube for Vienna, TO BEREAVED FRIENDS. small ploughed field. We stayed in London etc. ten moment which of was E. S. S. days, every passed BY L. M. HEW LINGS. in viewing the jwpnderiul old city We rode Hotel Cellerna, HamburgJune 10,1886r "all London over on of t'busse's.,, All the. v: 'Ah, fain in this hour of sorrow top the street cars and. busses being made with Would I give thee comfort and cheer, seats on top, which.seem - to be the favorite For.I, too, have passed through deep waters, ETHICS OF WOMAN'S REST. places. Of course we went to 'Westminster So deep they have brought forth Still a sweet v6ice kept mc from sinking, Abey, admired its grandeur, and gazed with ' Let every woman who finds her vital forces wonder at the magnificent statues of marble And banished all doubting and fears. and bronze, and at the tombs jf dead and gone failing, who is growing nervous, .as well as But the dark rough waves of affliction, weary, whose chief longing is for rest of kings and queens, earls, dukes, etc , also statesSome bright pearTs Tiave cast on time's shore, men,, poets and historian, 7many of whose mind and body, who begins to feel that life is And gems of rich faith that not worth the living, stop now and here.T Cut names are familiar such as Grey, Dryden, A land where the storms come no more, off all expenditure of elfort that is not an abfame. We Campbell and others of world-wid- e And a city that hath its foundatidns, solute necessity, and curtail that necessity as went to the tower and were shown many curi Where sad tears are shed never more. much as possible. I do not mean that you ous things in the way of armor and implements with beloved Trusty then, your Jesus, of warfare; also the crown jewels which we should give up your worthy aims and purposes, Dwell not on the'dark cypress shade," but be sure that you can devote yourself to were told were worth fifteen millions of dolNor of only the earthly raiment lars. We were then shown the dungeons, and them safely. . That 'neath it in sorrow was iaid; the rooms where the unfortunates were imRemember this:-- ' It is a3 important that Look up to theRisen Redeemer, before .their execution in the stone you should keep a. reserve" of physical power prisoned Who triumphed o'er death and the grave. Y wall which were of carved many names, among on hand for future draughts as that you m which wa3 'Mane," carved by Lady Jane Grey, should provide in a financial way fur sickness, Though tenderest ties have been riven, and others equally familiar. AVe were sin wn accident, and declining years. Each link from life's golden chain , Bound firm.in this earthly home round them, the'very block and axe used at the execution. So long as youth lasts you do not greatly Will there be perfected again, with horrible instruments of torture, and so feel this exhaustion of the physical forces And pure as in Youth's early morning, Y many other horrible thing3, 1 wa3 glad to get that is, your powers of reeuparatiou are greater out of the old place. They wait in a land freed from' pain. yet every time you draw upon your strength Nato We went St. the Paul's Cathedral, Sweet pledges of love have been given, to excess, you are obliged to go deeper and tional Art Gallery, the British Museum,South 'i Y That will solace the lone hearts bereft, deeper into your vital resources in order to the Colonial And chepr, as glad sunshine.-thKensington, Exposition, Crystal make dwellings repairs. ,And you .never' do get quite-ba- ck Which loved ones in weakness FiawTreft Palace, Buckingham Palace, Hyde, St. James to the old plac?, even though you are not and other parks the theatre, where, by the conscious at the time ol the fact. You find In sweet infant smiles and caressings, for the balm There's way, we were requested to remove our hats, a after a while that a night's sleep does not sorrowing; breast. good plan, too, I think, for our country to make you as good as new &gaiu, after "overDear Omnipotent Father of love! adopt. We took a sail up the Thames and doing," bill it takes another (lay of rest and Giva us strength to say, "It is well," went to many other places too numerous to And to place our affections above, night of slumber to enable you to get back We mention here. with left London regret, your usual vigor. Where the Lord's own ransomed shall dvvell, & via. Dover Calais and to Pan'3, going And in peace the green pastures rove, You carmot help it? I know it is true of reaonea m never " Where never is heard funeral had there the i knell. evening, .some of you, that there are duties so absolute imagined a city could be made so lovely; everyin their demands that you are compelled to Theres no pain, nor sickness, nor dying, seems to gay, bright and happy looking. thing do them as long as you are able to bear the There the River of Life flows on, The streets are wide and clean, with rows of strain, but by care and thouglUfur precaution, And flowers never fade nor wither trees on either side, and every short distance a the effort iu performing these can be greatly In that clima of the "Great Beyond," little park and a beautiful fountain or a statue, lessened. Y Y Where the Blessed in shining raiment with lovely parks and drives. We staid eight Roam the Evergreen fields of morn. : Social ambition "In some ca3eY the fear of ' days, which, to me, were like so many days in Y Atchison, Kan. We went to Versailles, the not doing as your neighbor doe3 a false idea fairy land. Louvre, the Tomb of Napoleon, Cluuy Palace, of duty in others, a desire to accomplish much , that would bo pleasant to be able to do, the Notre Dame and many other noted place's, beFOREIGN LETTER. inability to say no. to. demands m ado upon sides spending about half of each day in drivtime and energies, all of these things, singly which time we were constantly We left Chicago , the 28th of April, and ing, during or together, caine women- to apply the lash something new and beautiful. At night when sailed from New York on the first of May on seeing they find their physical powers lagging, we went to theatres or walked about the streets, S. the S. Se rvia for Liverpool. We had a where, it seerae l to and on they go until they, fall down iu their, me, all Paris must" be sailors were from tracks. Emily Bouton. rough voyage. Five of the eight o'clock until one and two in the washed from the rigging on to the deck morning. The Grand Opera House is said to hy the glileon the eecqud day out; one wa3 inbe the finest in the world, and I can readily stantly killed; .another died some days after. believe it. The new Woman's Hospital Building, at uu u4 lUem were senousiy jiurt-.- uu ao- We left Paris for Cologne, stayed there over Chicago was opened a few days ago f . , - -- 1 . n ' ' ; . earth-travai- 1 l, 1 dt'-are-d ," i .liighcst-stats-of-cultivatio- . n.- . ' soul-tear- s; al-"vya- pre-visio- n - -- . . - e -- . " ' ', - . - . - ra-ii- w . y8 