WOMAN'S'- EXPONENT. 90 - sit, as. it were at the feet of nature, and the wonderful works of ' God our te con--templa- He has made all these beautiful Varieties of things for man V comfort, joy and happiness, and the rich and fioor alike are enr"" dowed with them. " There is a eubdued quiet, to, about the . Autumn dreamy, janguiel, lingering-uays,-th- at some call, monotonous and wearisome; but to one who lives much in his own thoughts and fancies, such seasons are a. positive luxury. r They may be monotonous to some,but to me they are placid and restful. In .New England this is theseason for nutting, and merry crowds of young people and children enjoy this recrea-- " tion day after day in the woods, Tiot only in gathering the nuts lor winter use ami amuse-- , ment.but the exhilarating frosty air has a stimulating effect upoa the health and spirits of for sport it U. those who engage in- the sport, "4 xsew n 1 veriiy. neneve the people in rural England as thoroughly enjoy this yearly pastime as the gentle folk in old England do the hunting season, when they ride after the hounds. When visiting in the old Bay. State, last winter, these gala days were often referred to by my former school mates and frieuds, and even Mr. Wh Father. -- 1 A - ' - -- ! j 1 - self-destructio- - 1 it-tie- r- thn vfrimriihlo. . inn mi tlm " ' nnr.f. ' rnutiaiwil I i h is s u and n en t term eloq subject, expressed taste for nutting in the woods, and regretted that we who live here had not that pleasure, which had always given "him - .w 7 - . fun-lovin- such real enjoyment; and although nearly eighty years old he still goes nutting, evidently with the same zest of the spirt, as was his wont iir former times, though, perhaps, the sentiment that,, characterize! his youthful rambles may have worn off- He is, however, young in spirit as all. true poets are. Out door exercise, such as rambling over the hills s and listening to the voices of nature,at alt of the year i3 as necessary for the poet. as his daily food. And at this time the hills, the viewjYora 11adjacent heights, the . crimson pur. . r t i .1'. -- i - tea-sen- - the murmuring, sighing, sobbing trees are all that the fondest fancies could wish to inspire ? ' -- - , - - Oct. 13th, 1885. au:t 4 i jk,m. "THOU SHALT NOT BKVU FALSE WITNESS." By request, I once more seat myself, with, pen and paper, to contribute something to the Exponent. In my present mood there is no Subject bearing with greater weight upon my mind than that of "scandal," and the uncharitable- -- which seemsT to be as prevalent among Saints as among sinners; and, judging -spirit from late occurrences, must bemnning rampant in Zion. Having been personally affected, it has doubtless impressed me more deeply than those who have been so fortunate as to escape its poisonous fangs. As it has lately fallen to my lot t) suffer the keenest anguish I think that it is possible for a human being to endure, it has enabled me to feel for others who have passed through similar scenes. The greatest lessons, arid the most lasting ones, are those learned by experience; and though a hard schoolmaster, thereis.no teacher so profitable to mould and fashion and IraTri the human mind in that channel that will lead one to think and feel fur another's woes. Tt sterns that my misery was, not quite complete in the visitation of deathwithout another thrust, which came in the shape of a vile falsehood, without even the shadow of truth on which to found it, but was substituted as a reason for my son's committing the frenzied act which closed his earth-liftso tragically, not an additional stain nnnn tH casting only name of the dead, but upon the living. Even ii mis ?tory naa oeen true, he would rather g only performing their part iu the drama; but we havtf been led to expect better things from those calling themselves Latter-daSaints especially those who have age and experience on their side, and are looked up to as examples for the rising generation, but some of whom are placing themselves as stumbling blocks; and not 7)nly thisTbut giving voice to ima!inarv pvila that never existed' only in the brain of those "who, "love and make a lie." TheLtsalniist said: "His mischief shall return upon his own his violent dealing shall come down head, Iand . It V ' i' .1,1 upon ins own.paiy, a iruin verified in our own, and in every age. If some of the time spent in idle gossip and w?ere used in studying the rfff-ln- ' MIJ tures, though they may not be so faseinating.they would certainly bring greater and more lasting happiness, for the fruits of the Spirit are holy, and bring, us into closer communion with our Father, and heavenly beings,' giving us confidence when we approach the throne evf grace, which we cannot feel w'lien taking the opposite coursu. In mingling with the more humble and obscure, we may find some of the choicest geni', upon whom the candle of God is shining brighter aridlhrighter, till their minds are as wells, from whirjllris springing that inspiration, wisdom aiid" intelligence which flows down from the true fountain of life, bringing peace and solace: to the weary heart, encouraging them to press onward and gain the reward which is laid up for those who are hungeriug and thirsting after the knowledge of God. Tf. hplinoves us all. to live our re.lifion. for the time is near when the wheat is to be garnered up and the chaff swept away by the of the inGreat Reaper, who a! One most thoughts and desires of one's heart, or whose lives have been the most just and pure, and worthy of His praise. ' Your sister in sorrow, . . r ' H. M. M'lIITNKY. y wnit--h,has-hee- tale-bearin- . t: - - f -- can-judg- e " la--- t . ther muscf committed a crime have faced it than to have ' which he had. always looked upon . with the greatest horror, as a sin for which there .was no forgiveness, as all who knew him can testify, and that his moral character stood above reproach. The. last aud most earnest wish that he was heard to express, was his long talked of "desire to "go in to the world and preach t h c Gos- pel, and his highest aspiration was to' be among those who would be counted worthy to stand aa saviors upon Mount Zion. he never Everything has gone to show-tha- t and premeditated the act of that he was bereft of his reason, through the intense buffering towhie!r"htrhad beta "subjected, more or less, for several years.- He w'ent to Arizona three years e ago, with the brightest hopes of regaining his health by the change, and also of growing up with the country, bnt met with disappointment and un looked lor IiaTdsli i ps, by tlie death of his uncle, 1): 1 Kimball, on whose influence he was depending to give him a start. The news of liis father's death, coming to him when .camped, in the dreary Huachuca mountains, had such an efhimself inn letfect upon him, as he expres ter, that he. "was no longer a boy, but a man of farnily ;" and when we, sa w hint the change was so visibl e that it pained us to see hi in no boy, who had been longer the gay. the joy ami lif e of the house. He "told me that lie neverwanted to mix again with the world and its follies, but desired to go into the vineyard and preach the Gospel. The changrfrom that climate, where his blood; had become thinned, to this region, at the coldest and most unfavorable time of the year, affected him im' mediately. 'But, anxious to obtain work he took whatever he could get to do, aud the hard work and exposure told on him, as also the intense heat of the summer, more especially this la4, all of which was calculated to help on the disease (catarrh), which at last turned his bniin. The day that he was employed at the Tithing" .Office,' in lifting a weight: that would require a much stronger man, he hurt his ' backjvhicii laid himjajp a number of days. Just at this timeHie as offereda situatTonTnT the Dinwoody establishment, where he worked -till the week previous to his death: He was confined to his bed three daysby cholera morbus, but went to work before he was able, a thing I should not have allowed had I been athome, for he was never in., possession of a strong consJiis ambition generally took him titution,-and beyond what, wisdom Would have dictated. Knowing so well the purity of his 'thoughts 'and desires, and his aims in this life and for that to come, L felt that I could not allow so unj ust a s tigm a to- - rest n pon his n am e wi thou t raising my voice in its condemnation; and I think it high, time that such cruel wrongs should be righted; or in the name of all that is just and God like, how long are they to be borne? Should not the truth triumph, and the virtues of the innocent plead their cause in Zion, though they may be judged guilty by men and lookedupon as outcasts from the fold of God? Saints have been noted for The Latter-datheir charity toward .the outside world, and that hate would do good even to charicomes it when individual them;" but, ty, how many re there who practice this virtue, and are seeking with one accord to reach that standard which should, govern our daily walk and conversation? How many are thoughtlessly breukiug one of the most important' com-- , raahds, and thereby violating, hot only a law laid down by the Savior for our guidance, but breaking covenants that have been made in sacredness before Him, aud His angeis, who have -- borne witness, to the" same; We k no w enough of the "injustice of man to man" to look for nothing better from the world; and y tolerate Tribune informers we may moro and iniionaries, as thev are y uuto-''thos- -- ? - ea-il- aoti-"Mormon- " e MISCELLANEOUS. agreeable to me; they are of all ages, and ol every country. Petrarch. thouirhts must be ex- Grand and dignified O pected from those alone whose minds are ever employed on glorious and noble objectsLonrjinus. Show' me a man who has no love for his native land, aud i will show you iu the same person, one who loves nothing but himself. 77.: CJ - Lady Poiuouby. How many of us hive been attracted to reason first learned to think, tadraw conclusions, to extract a moral from tho. follies of life by . some da"zzling aphorism. Bulwer. 7 Nothing is more impertinent than for people to be giving their opinion and advice in cases iu which, were these to be their own, they would be as much at a loss what to do. Croxall. Wero. it left to me to decidi whether we should have a government without newspapers, should or newspapers without not hesitate to chooso'the latter; Thomas Jefferson. . , I will tell you what to hate. Hate hypoc- risy, hate cant, hate intolerance, oppression, Christ injustice, hate pharisaism; hate them ashatred. hated them, with a deep; living, godlike F. W. Roberttoiu - Censure and criticism never hurt anybody. are If false, thoy cannot4 harm you, unless youshow wanting in character; and" if true, they him a man his weak points, and "forewarn against failure and trouble. Gladstone. - 