' dous monuments, and its many statues to great a Kt'Q WfU Exponent r 11 ill " I I v i EMMELISE ' J D. M Editor. WELLS, Published in Salt" Lake City, Utah. Terms: SJ2.00; one copy six months, $1.00. "Ten one copy one for the '.:. copies price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ton lines of nonpareil ppaco, one time, S2.50; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount ' to regular advertisers. Exponent office, No. 2i E South Temple Street, second gate ea-r- t of Deseret News Office'.' Business hours from 10jLm to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. r. Address all "Lasliiess communications semi-monthly- ye-ir- , .. " " . ' WOMAN'S PUBLISHER Salt Lake " -, February City, terest. '."".-- -' fair-mind- .' ' The Capitol Building itself is really the centre of attraction to the majority jthither in crowds day after day, the people congregate to see and hear the great men of the nation, who assemble daily to perform the duties of the Congress to which they have been elected by their constituents in the - several States and Territories of the Union. The. Capitol is' acknowledged to be the finest ' building in this country, and some people affirm in all the world, but as we have not been all over the world, we cannot answer 'for that assertion. but can say truthfully it is the finest we have seen, .' It stands on Capitol Hill, as though nature herself had prepared the very spot purposely for this imposing national edifice. lo give a lull Description of the building: would take up too much space, and there are other things more important to tell, but we will say it consists of a main building,with two extentions, one at either side, in one of which the Senate meets, in the other the House of Re presentatives. -- In the main building is the hall used by the Supreme Court of the United States, what was formerly the. Senate Chamber, also the National Gallery "of Statues. There are many objects of interest about the Capitol, and one might go there day after day and be agreeably entertained with pictures, statuary" and the like, but it is not always convenient or, for many rea sons, expedient. One sees a sjreat many fine looking people in and around the rooms of. the Capitol, and occasionally one hears fine oratory but that does not usually come every day. The weather has been very cold in Washington this winter, an there has been some good sleiehingand fine coasting, and the people have enjoyed it, judging from appearances. "No doubt our readers would like to hear about the new President and the Lady of the White House his sister. With the most of the people they do not seem to be very great fayorites,neivher with Democrats, his own party, much more than with Republicans. In New York and Boston, and indeed in country towns in New England, he is very freely discussed, and his administration most severely, and, one might almost say, savagely cntciized. At a concert given at All Soul's Church, by blind children who had been trained in England, President Cleveland was present, and as he sat on the next seat to where the writer was sit ting, on a chair in the aisle, there was a very good opportunity to see him. He looks exactly like his picture, except he seems to be more fleshy, and is bald at the back of his head. One would never judge he was the President from looking at him, though he looks quite as Presidential as many of his predecessors in office. It is quite usual to imagine that people must really look like the ideal one has in mind, but they very rarely do. However, he does look as if he could fill the President's chairf even if it is so very large Indeed. His sister U small compared to her brother, she is .rather thin, looks very intellectual, and is sweet mannered. She gets the credit of being the power behind the throne, and is spoken 'of as and having great influence - with her brother. A very funny story goes the rounds here, which will give the idea of what Is imagined concerning her, by. a large class who, no doubt, envy her the position she holds here, and are not half so amiable or approachable as she is,. A Frenchman said, in a satiricaUnd humorous way -"There was' Catharine of Russia, and Elizabeth of England, and now we have Elizabeth- of America." v Senator Edmunds is still hammering away at the Mormons, and sentiment public is at the - EXPONENT, Salt Lakk City. Utah. ; general observer, and specially so to the native born American,' who delights in the glory of his country and her many noted places ot m 15, 1886. . ' ITEMS FROM WASHINGTON; The National Capital is not so gay this winter, at least so far on, as It has generally been of late years; it. is said that the Senators and Representatives are not men of so much means and wealth as those of the last Congress. But still there' is plenty of display in dress, jewelry and all that the lady of fashion, and balls, eroes to make-uparties, clubs and calls are numerous as ever, and it would seem even more so.- The extravagance in dress is something from which one whose thoughts tend in a higher direction must turn -away with a sort of disgust. It almost absorbs the life of women of society, and there is no doubt but that many deaths have resulted from the ridiculous "fashions and customs of this public society. It is quite time women turned their attention loftier and better than this this constant drain upon the purse, and the foolish and exacting demands of Madame Grundy. -- There-is, one would suppose, and indeed there must ne, sometning very lascmating about tnis continuous whirl of excitcmerif, that makes one and carries too forget the duty of manv if tfc - vnturt fn in nrltr onr? tnfim1i- grave, making them victims to its cruel demands. One cannot hel'pexclaimin7 'To what will all this tend in the history of the race of men. and women, and what will the offspring of the next generation be, if indeed there be a generation born at all of these lovers of pleasure, these devotees at the shrine of fashion?" The habits of men are perhaps more deteriorating in their tendencies than those of women, though differing materially in the main ; tobacco smoking seems to be the great evil that is most apparent, though there are many vices that are said to be increasing to an alarming extent, and those who look at these matters seriously are greatly exercised over the fearful statistics of crime, and the secret evils that creep into modern society and sap the very foundations of life, as it were, unawares. But from sins such as inese may .ion long De tree, and her sons and daughters grow up simple in their habits and jnoderate in their tastes, and if unsophisticated, pure and chaste in their li ves, that the race may grow strong morally and physically, as well as . U t nA c mrt fin . i j i.. .,.:.... uia niai we uum vaiiuii ui me neart "muaiij, . , wA Ua UtU rtu-me uincr uunuuies oie one s nature may surpass the love of dress and amusements, and that they maynever despise the mission of motherhood, and prefer dogs and pets of various kinds to the children given them of God, possessing immortal p - dress-parad- e, self-preservati- on . 11 . a SOU1S. e- - .'. 4 - , We had no intention of moralizing, but it is a sickening sight to see women calling themselves ma and grandma to puppies, and saying", "Your papa" so and so, to dogs, and see the homes desolate of the voices of little children... Washington is a grand old city, and one never tires of admiring its grandeur and magnificence, Its elegant public buildings, its beautiful parks and avenues and squares, its handsome and StlinAn- - . - -- - strong-minde- d, . its opposition, present time pretty well educated in to Mormonism. People advise us to lake .raeaTf sures to educate public sentiment on the Mormon side of the question, but how is that to be done, when they "will only hear one side of .the story? people who would There are some listen, would read, if they had the time, but they are mostly the busy people, who have so much business that they have not time for religion. A few men here and there, and one or two women see through the schemes of the Federal officials in Utah, and declare that it is not polygamy they are fighting, it is a combined effort to rob the people of their rights; others think Edmunds means well, but is too zealous, but he does it for the best, and is an upright man, and would not encroach upon the rights of others, but he has got off wrong'' on this "Mormon question." There are those who fear very much the provision of the bill in regard to the confiscation of Church property and those are Church people. And again, the advocates of suffrage for women are indignant that Senator Edmundsshould want to take the suffrage away from, women and not from men, and they look upon it as another great injustice to women, which is, of course, plainrto be seen, these strong suffragists have the names of the Senators who voted for that Bill "down on their lists," and as sure as the world, Edmunds is down, the- ringleader of this gross injustice; "they've got him on the list," rest assured. But, others, then, its only Mormon women, and he thinks no doubt, and that is all right, Mormons have no rights any way that ought lo be respected; that's exactly what he must think, or he could never have framed such a bill as this last one, for his former bill, passed in 1 882, covers all the grouud that the United States at large, the sixty milllions of people, they talk so much about, are hankering forthe breaking up ol homes that have been made in plural marriage. This is what the press and pulpit have howled over, "we musf put down polygamy, and make these Mormons conform to our jfiews," and then they are just like other people, but when they've got a law passed that is so severe that every rnan against whom any proof can be obtained is convicted, no matter how flimsy the testimony, then they are not satisfied, but cry out for more, until they may be like the boy who wanted an apple, and when he got it he wanted another, and still another, until he could no longer hold them, and they all rolled away, and he lost even the first. Senator Ed munds is too greedy on the Mormon question, and has plainly shown to all people that polygamy was only a drop in the bucket, instead of the great big fish he intends to catch; but if the great big fish be is after don't swallow him, as the whale did Jonah, he may think himself pretty lucky. It is thought, generally, that he is working for the next Presidental election. "God save the mark!" The country is badly enough off now, without such a narrow-minde- d bigot as he is to occupy the chair of State. If the sixty millons of people think the "Mormon" question the one most necessary to have settled, and the Edmunds bills, one after - anotherTcIph't hwceln7ttin1f rid of the Mormons for them, why then, perhaps, they will think if he was President he could doit; but Mormons are not so easily bilked, and Congress and the President have some other, matters of a serious nature to engross their attention, and although Edmunds may be the ablest man in the Senate, there is a very poor prospect of his being elected, or even nominated, and some other great greedy fish, who is looking after big fish, instead of such small fry as "Mormons," will prob ably-ru- n away with the coveted prize, and leave him and his "Mormon" bills to go down stream. He has, however, probably with other influences at work, succeeded in arousing a great deal of animosity against the "Mormons," and prejudice is very much stronger now than seven years ago, ed - a-fe- fair-mind- ed ; k-- g . 