X- - 1 ... WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 23 SPEECH Of! THE, GODDESS OF , LIBERTY. :.srA c . -- llrS., Y. L. M. 1. A. BOX RFORT their.iwage-aMil Ladic8"aad Gtntlcinen: My first acknowledg--- , meat in ust be to tese kind young friends who have honored me with this important position, and I desire.to assure them that I appreciate T.hl Ell STA K r min u tes -- of 'mixeTbUe were read and - th- e- pre vious Conference homo n condition."; Setting rri from none e Relief: The 29th quarterly conf'erenceof Societies of liox Jlder btake convened June th Rih 1 MSfi. in "Briffham Git v. , After the v; V A. : YMIS3 I3IMA JANE NIELD. 73 fc inahufacturers and mechanics, the Commissioner has been Hhlfi to collect much trustworthy evidenroi he gives elaborate tables bearing directly upon the question of women's wages. It appears that for the making of clothing the following" prices are paid by a large representative firm: Overcoat, 6s 2d; pea jacket, 3s 9d; .cotton trousers, Is; wollen trousers, Is 6d; vests, Is 5d to Is 8d. At dressmaking wages are 4a 2d per from-i.m-- X till j6 D.m.: Many "day; work women, however, are employed in large atores, who receive as much as from 3 10s to,8 per courBi are superintendents week; but these,-o1 or special ly skil Ifu workwomen. Many sewing women told vthe Coiiimissioner that by piece-wor- k they can make from 20s to 23s per week. Ordinary wages for housework in private - families, are' 2 -- 1 Os per month;' chambermaids, 3; cooks; 3 10s to J. ? It need hardly be added, that there are' a great number of jjorking women - intfcese different occupations who earn less than the rfgures given above; they represent the average. ITju-Tepresenta- tive accepted. Prest. liarrietSnow expressed her pleasure highll thra' evidence of their friendship and in meeting so many in conference,exhorted the goodwill, and Irust that Ia1iavettep- sisters to be prayerful and press onward in the by laboring " portunity of proving my gratitude, reg retted the: absence of sister for their advancement;; v' " represent; tpdav cauleortriith; rTrriff eaf 'and most Zina D. Young. one "of the J iU n cJ afn eii earth. 7 Counselor O. Widerborg knew that all felt glorious 'Uu(iVs iye eitablishedl-onthankful for the privilege of meeting Liberty islhe chief '?bri together in peace. Reported lavorable ot tne every: nafioft 'rts and7 :;'Vio2cXiMaiJfei Scandinavian sisters, reit a determination dcstroyed ' to jive her religion. Prayed the Lord to bless tibertyl,. f;Zword'UDd:. .isJmeJiwjio.iM all with understanding and strength to per music iii jJbe ears jof aflL.pppfeed.jpeppJeJtjib r form their d u ties.- Sister Perry read a very ertyl e&0iycrifi ihe ;srati5hlayesiin interesting vision. Sister Keller reported Egypt; and a Mosea came iprn Mantua Ward, Sister Hubbard, AVillard, Liberty! cried the Jewish " Albertfion. Bear River City. Sister Sister and a Nelieaiiah arose to, lead :,them Mckj to Anderson, Third Ward, Brigham City, Sister their couhtryl4 Libertyj 'eiclaim E. Snow, 2nd Ward, Brigham Uity, bis- pressed Jew?, and ;the. tyrant. Heod was'de- - Mary ter Watkins 4th Ward Brigham City Sister d throned. Liberty! pleaded ; the Perry I'h ree Mile Greek. Catholics Afternoon session: -- After singing and prayer, ' defiedihe popish pawey an d broke the bonda NOTES AND" NEWS. the addressed Booth P. Counselor Sasannah ofer.-taof superstition,- JibertyJ. the ;and - down4rodoi assembly:" referred to the vision that had been Mrs. IL.M. T. Cutler has just published a well arose and the tyrant kirjg;was 'beheaded read and how strengthening such things were, book entitled "Phillipia.": 1 It is an interesting Liberty!, glorious ibertyj.forheo rivers of realized the great responsibilities resting upon the Relief Society, we should be. chantawe blood have flowed and millions of Jives have and assist the poor. Spoke of the duties or the An old woman of threescore and three- been sacrificed at thy (Bhrinet '' ' r teachers. ';..;''. quarters, living in Central ia, 111., has secured r; '; One hundred and ten years ago a na the contract for carrying the mails from the Prest. Elmina S. Tavlor thought the merri tion was born and the Goddess of Liberty was railroad station te the postofBce at five dollars Ders present, indicated that we were desirous enthroned. . The banner of Freedom was un;.; ;;'.;: ; to do right. Said we are all aiming at one a month. furled in response to the appeal of patriotic men whose hearts ached at the sufferings of thing, 'celestial glory; we have no hopes m Mrs. Gladstone attended a Liberal meeting the people under tho galling yoke of despotism. any one el?e but God our Heavenly h ather at Mile End, London, July 2nd. In response Patrick Henry echoed the sentiments of the There is yet much for us to endure before the to deafening applause she nlade a short speech end comes, and all will be tried as keenly as colonists when he exclaimed, "Give me liberty hus-- : they can endure. Spoke of the beauty - and ofthank8, and read: a message from her or give me death!'.' '',-'T-7 usefulness of these organizations, it draws us band, wishing success to;.the liberal candidate ' The memorable document was signed. '': :v together closer, we learn to know each other, for that district. The aged veteran in the. steeble bared his to Jove each other good qualities, it brings out A" correspoiident or.the Ar. Y.' Tribnnc says" arm and caused the ringing peals or the beJ i the 'talents given' us and,.it;;haj8. :thatrfourtee to speak to an excited TajTd enthusiastic multi-- : 111 irauv cases been a source of conifort and chew tobacco,1 and form tuue me or. oppression ' aim the consolation to eisters who have been down-cast- : ' SKiphfirs of grand-trutthat the people were free. and afflicted. We should crUard eir toncues, or another. 7. JQr'aOi1! to-- ; the Houser Vecomraemorae today that glorious ' guard ourselves in our daily livesvWe should bacco. The,pnllew;ffit ..senators wJio not use it are from the surging Ailautie to the placid pe honest, upright and pray ' continually for; hill of the strength to be faithful. We should strive to' Aid rich, BlairV.CcdQuiCDaw Pacific, from the do some good deed every day, prayed the; Jones of Nevada, McMillan, Mller, Mitchell Canadas, to the orange groves of the Florida?, of Oregon," Morgahlfike; Plum b,r V9.n'Wy ck, the eloqueHce of AmericaVorat()8 is recount-in- g choicest blessings of God on all present, that rr.M ' m-kilts uji .v r .1 the Republic's gjoruus achievement and all might prove faithful. take the HS?tf$ the amVoOb'e Utah her future destiny. v of the Y. Lf M. L A., Minnie J, Snow, "! -Supt, Vr ;"JJut here in Utah, the Goddess of Liberty spoke on the respoLsibilities of mothers with Delegate, "Johri;T. Cain bows her head with humility and - shame for to the education or their daughter?" Mrs. Gladone 'enM alas! her fair name, is ; sullied and tho flag of ngard Si.ter Harding, Sister Wixom, Sister Owens thrift amdnff." the cottaersl:Auna' her and freedom trails in the dust. Religious liberty ' Wthe! cultivahas been taken from her people and while the each.made, excellent remarks touching upon. gives thern rer6onal";to various sumects anu urging tne sisters to Keep tion of trees and - flowem; - Amonifi the.lcharit-- ' voices of America's freemen are; heard from able institutrons founded bv hD the Indus the penitentiaries we ,inourn, for our Nation's the commandments 01 uod. Prest. in Snow Harriet said:.we are a school, trial School for Boys at ClaphamTo one weal and our National honor. we want to have wisdom to do right underll whom she had helped-Bn- d wha Wishes to do Columbia! thy prestige is departing, thy sun circumst-j.Gave excellent instrucupns some service for her. in' return J Mrs; Gladstone issbwly settiug.. ;; , 7 to the Piecideuts Counselors and teachers of said: "Do Bomethifl'gH:ibr ;'sb'meboJy:;r;else. A Martyred Standing, Berry and Gibbs wit-- ; both the Relief Society and Young Ladies kind worda l)il bf practical advicea helping ness to thy. degradation., ; ,. Association. Said we want to cultivate a hand, even If ' there'-isnot" imbh in if, wilUliWrisoaed' :Suowi CUwson ami others wit-- , : spirit .of discernment. wavs be doinf somethin And, more ness to thy dishonor.. ;. ; : Conference adjourned for three months with than that, my. cruldfit .wiJiiejioiog gQmething . The di parti d gl j; y of Babylon, Greece and " . J , and benediction. for yQuraeli.and' "Bometfain,fpr.jQQd;"a Home are to tluV, beacon of warning singing lights E. D. M. and if disregarded, thou ; also "will be weighed iu the balances and found -- wanting." claim, "0 say, does the star-- . Again, wt WOMEN'S WAGES IN AMERICA. Pjitehfskave spaiiKJect bauiit r Hill wave o'er ihe land of the T.;5 Oft' l1 06f Elinor a tree jwH M'MnV.f the brave?" jl.I. The State of New York, following in the jh. Laura E. Oakland .City. Jnd Burg Crosby, ?ut, ;tt glonuni'-iiublTaahalres" wake of Massachusetts, has commenced to le- - A V yet cued from .uy.; .of'th demagogue and collect and publish annually a mass f Utah f tin. lwin.H,Ms shall raise aloftJffeedom.i Minnie - obson; New fYork'N respecting labor. The pracbaiiiitr mJ pi. o'aiu, ' u c liberty and freedom tice of the Bureau is to make an investigation frame. .:.'::i,-:tu ptOjlf. of one or mpre" special subjects within the scope -- Harriet Thon will the goJdm of ' IiUrty reijm u of iU legal inquiry, and last year it took Machine iorstitching Jfwui, .'M5ttRTett" yp !utieet for mvestigaticmirling wxm broidered nC9ftpaM?l i7wS . ; -- " - tl v f J ; , - v - : , foul-boun- - ( d -- to-da- y-1;- y 4 . r:-- - v-- t . :'V-l-:.- . " (icfltn-Ki.u'- ; . 'fij;f'tWin. it evV-ur- . To-da- J y fuovy-cappe- d r:;v-' ; -- j - . , ; . 1 . ; . 1 . ; -- for-me. . : : , I .'Z'il.-i- . l l p.r ' ; 1 valu-able.informaTi- Y;-Banjo- - ' - in-i- v ''' BH:!" ...... r J 