WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 38 from God, were as the' Polar star, arc no longer in our midst wives and children are left without t'herr natural protectors ;and all thi for conscience' Humble their lot; yet theirs the race VVheri. Liberty sent forth her cry, Who thronged in conflict's deadliest place'."" To fK;ht to bleed la. die! Who cumbered 'Bunker's heights of .red, " Iiy hope through' we;iry.,years were led, And witnessed Yorktown's sun Blazexm-- irtatioris' hnrnrcr's spread; ' A Nation's freedom won waged against the Protestants in her kingdom and during the five years of her reign 277 were tied to the staVe and burned to death. " of these of four them women ; were children. ftut 7sakJ. The blessings oflioraeV'sweel hone crush did out and the convic persecution the" foundation ot all natural greatness, gVand tions of religion in the hearts of those incentive to all that is desirable, elevating, and people? Na;-'- faggot-an: ... the riametheiF ennobling in human life, are now being wrested r :y faith rose triumphant over all. the persecutions from "us by" unscrupulous, government officials.. and they, established their religious system of The vers , people who opened up a path in the. JMy friends, they were pioneers 'as well, as paworship which led to the granting of religious desert who, by nnparaielled toil ami privation triots. liberty to all English subjects, and we eri ca...have, through the blessing of God made this, the U tah.in the past has not been found wanting in ll i n h e ri t e ( of... their achievement."" fruits the and jricsolate region, to 'blossoni as aye wheel jjaylnglrbnor to herpioneersv-As-tlre-gre- at With this lesson of history before them, can our and the it excited has until greed' of time has. brought to' us the anniversary of the the rose, envy enemies hope to crush the- conviction of our of our peace . and, prosperity, are of entrance of our Pioneers into this valley, we have hearts With a united voice we tell them no 'now beiifg robbed of those constitutional rights, welcomed it with praise ,and thanksgiving to the thev can not; it will not be done. and'Tilx'ilies guaranteed to6American citizens .by Giver of all good ; with the roar of cannon, with Plere will we hold We "love the institutions of our forefathers. of joy,and every demonstration of gladness songs this . great Republic, and" hold' them dear ; we beIn my lonewidovyhood I have had one dear The exercises pf however are of a different lieve it to be our destiny yet to rescue that instru- brother one of my. father's Yamily, with whom I c ha ra c t e fro m t h 0 s e : t h a t Ti a ye bsc n xu.slo mary. me..-t-, the Constitution, from the Hands at those : have jo f e n : t a k e n s we e r cou n s c"i mW h e re i $' h e .: in the is is drum music the The solemn, past. who .would, destroy it. We will remain true to now? Incarcerated in prison like a felon conmu fried", ancl in the decorations of this hall are those principles that .have been betjueathed to us fined within grated bars, and clad in a felon's suit.. the. emblems of is that? Bemourning. Why . in-.What has he done? lie has held sacked and by the fathers of the Republic. But we will not in this land whose prosperity was forsooth, cause, surrender the convictions of our hearts, or be un-- . violate all constitutional laws of our cor.ntry, and founded by the toil and labors of the Pioneers, to our parents, or untrue to our God we re- true h has fully obeyed. the Unconstitutional onc; we find the silver haired men that used to crown fuse io make that sacrifice; and, as. that motto Then, why in pnson?. Persecution has driven these platforms arenot with us.TJiey are driyerv reads (pointing to the motto) "'Under the Ever- him Thediighest judicial court in the o from the homes that they builded by their own God must and will be. glorified." carie'd United States lhe"court:fjf last resort, to. Covenant, lasting '" ""'""- " """" toil, they are absent from the families that' they whiclfhe appealed, acknowledged its imbecility S. S. in concert the foThe children fo.r?-com-repeated love. What The crimes they have ' :" it is powerless in meting out justice to the Latter- llowing prayer mitted? No; but you read why it is in the motto n S ati ai nd brot ve 'i nts, my Our Fathefwho art In heaven, hallowed be Thy day that is printed upon that arch (pointfng to an arch Under'the .circumstances .which name. 'We, tlie children of Thy people, calf upon over the stand): "Exiled for conscience' sake." .of "'sable the the insignia us, mourning drapery Thee in solemn prayer. we celebrate the It is written elsewhere too, (indicating another becomes the occasion." advent of the Pioneers into this valley. We ac. motto on. the stand): "Those not :here are ip ' The Singing, 5MeauUful,Day21JWVechildren. knowledge Thy hand in leading them thither. We jeopardy, in prison and in foreign lands, "because Saints Articles of Faith- of the' the Latter-dapraise Thee for the changes that have been they prefer to obey God rather than man' (In- were by forty-twboys and girls ; wrought since their coming. The wilderness has dicating another): "Those who are absent choose 7 by Elder V. II. Roberts, been turned into fruitful fields ; waters have sprung to be wanderers in their own land, in preference forth in the desert; and orchards and gardens and to being the victims of those who have selected HETWEKN LIBERTY AND pleasant homes through Thy blessing upon honest them for their ruin." These, mottoes all tell us now beautify the land which was then a bar- the reason why the "Pioneers are absent from us; Drcthtxn Sisters: and .My reiWvasteand under these circmstances, would it be fitting Plenty smiles on, every hand and Ve have met on peace flows like a gentle stream. Schools and v occasion to bear witness for us to celebrate Pioneers' Day as we usually do, to the world that we hold in sacred remembrance with thePioneers abent in exile?- - Nay, we assembly iialls, tabernacles and temples have eared for our benefit, and- the voice of inspiration, the entrancejof the" Pioneers into this region. would rather have around us the emblems of has' guided us in the nath of licht and life. We The story of that very remarkable journey of mourning, because of the injustice that has been r thank Thee for all thy mercies; for Prophets and the pioneers acrossplains between heaped upon their devoted hands. We prefer to the eastern base of. the Rocky Mountains and the Apostles, for revelations and counsels, for parents place ourselves in harmony with the divine injunc-Ltioand teachers, for thy Holy Spirit, for gifts and Mississippi river, 'together with. the arrival of the "Weep with those who have cause to weep, Pioneers in these mountains and theresults. growand rejoice .with those who have cause to reblessings without number. Yet, Oh Lord, we ing out of their labors have already been related joice;" and, when the clouds have been swept mourn the absence of our leaders. Because of jgnorance and iniquity Thy righteous laws are opby a son of oncof that noble few who took part away, as they will be, whenour silvery-haire- d in laying the foundation of this, commonwealth in posed, and those who proclaim them by. Thine' pioneers shall be able to take their place in cur this valley, a thousand miles and more from the midst for one I feel like saying then, and not till authority are shut up in prison or driven. into exile. We pray for their deliverance. Fond hearts are injuuLi ui me uimeu mates. 1 nat story was A then, shall the voice "of rejoicing be heard on but filled with sadness,,the placesof loving husbands briefly Pioneer Day. eloquently told. It has been my fortune to travel con- -' and fathers are vacant. Weeseech Thee to comLet us pause for a few moments just to enquire "forahe. fort and bless "them a number of .sidcrably the' what our enemies are trying to accomplish. These through United Stales, and invariably. truth's sake May the trials'?hrough which Thy I have pioneers In years past married our mothers; and, noticed that the old settlers, the Pioneers, were under God's law, in the holy bonds of matrimony, people are passing tend to purify Zion, divide the. in neld very high esteem by communities that righteous froijj the wicked, hold up the standard they begot the children that now throng this.. vast around the district of country where they of the Gospel to the work? and glorify Thy Name-i- n. hall. Our enemies, demand that the wives that grew up first settled. It is 'eminently proper that-ththe earth. Have mercy upon those who bring they then took shall be banished from the houseof land be should in' held trouble pioneers any honor, for holds of these men. They demand that Jhey upo Thy people, that they, may see their I know of no labor that is "more noble in its shall be degraded from the honored station of errors and repent.. But may their wicked schemes is .pei funned by those character than fall and their wrath be made wifehood; that a brand of infamy shall be placed topraf Thee. Help brave men who go "out into the wilderness, erect us to be good and true, to walk in the path of the upon their offspring, and theyjrrobly refuse to ac their rude cabins, break 'up '.the virgin soil, and cept such terms of accommodation as these. They. just, to follow the footsteps" of our faithful parents who say to the elements by which they are surand to grow'up in purity and imhonor before Thee. say; to those w ho desire them to yield, that this is " (1 Y d e round e 111c u p a liv elihood ; .u n d er Go d.I part of their religion. The answer, comes from Bless the Pioneers and- am king here !T' Their in leaving thre Soften the hearts of the rulers of this nation," that our enemies that it' is not religion it is a crime. luxuries of civilization for the toils and hsrdships We ask, who gives them authority tp step betweerr they may do justice to Thy people. Let Thy light of pioneer life should knit them to our hearts in this people and their God, and dictate to them shine! Come to the. help of Thy Zion! Glorify. bands of steel. If the doctrine that Socrates enunwhat shall be their religion. If it is not theirs, it Thy namejn the triumph "of Thy truth in all the ciated is true, that 'he who causes two', spears is ours; nevertheless, we propose to be trne world Prepare us for every trial! Give us power of grass to grow where only one grew before," is fathers and our mothers. over all evil! We worship and adore Thee as a benefactor .of mankind, how ranch more are Let our enemies look over the history of the our Father, our King, and our God. We consethese pioneers benefactors of mankind, who laid Surely-thehave read to little past. history crate our lives to Thy service forever, and ask all profit the foundation of States and empires, and made if, by force they, hope to crush Out the religious and dedicate all to Thee in the name of Jesus it possible for the crowded communities of the sentiments and convictions of the human heart. Christ, Thy Son, pur Redeemer. Amen. Last to find homes in God's sunshine, where Why, during the reign of Mary, Queen of Eng The Tabernacle choir rendered the part song, health and plenty and peace crown the labors of land, the daughter of Henry the h?s Eighth by "Now pray we Deseret." """'" their hands. wife Catherine, you remember a Sentiment Jno. C. Cutler, Presidents, Apos- persecution was -- .,,rr Fifty-fiv- e wx-r- ' this-awf- ul 1 - . of-tfe- iv-sp- ite . d e , ' - . ' - - - in-A- m " once-drear- 1 ; j s the-spoiler- : to-da- y r-- - ' 1 i " " ' -- th-ere- -- se-s- . -- . "" ' -- r .. ." ; heg-Jhoad-alt- -- now-sunoun- d , To-da- y - y then-recite- o Ad--dre- ss "' "DTf-i'F.RKNCi- : - . . - 1 - tho-we-drear- n, - . . . , e , , that,-whic- , i 1 . . self-deni- al . to-ou- . ; ! -- 