WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- never was a time since the organ ization of tho Church that the adversary was doing his best kingdom, with an ardent desire to prove faith-- " iul to the end and endure all Prest. Home made closingthings remarks upon practical matters, a well as entreating all to life lives of holiness laying aside pride, c hesoweverthrawr T.rd. 'Referred to bavincr read the difFerrnt. testimonies of several ho had left the Church; it caused her to feel we should be very careful .vet-ou-nes- and an everlasting exaliation. We all have our human nature to contend with, and we have a great work to do to save ourselves; we i n a isch oola nd the better we cond u c t & re a ourselves, it will be better for us hereafter. It we had kept the commandments of God, we should not be in the trouble we are at this timeTbut we must acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all things." Conference , ; adjourned for three etc. months. wc enjoy," Benediction by Mrs. Rachel Whipple. Associations of this Stake-wa- s held in the-SaLake Assembly Hall, Saturdav, September 18th, beginning at 10 a.m., Mrs, Ellen'' C. Clawson presidiug, assisted by; her Counselor, Mrs. L. A. Wells. Opened by singing, "Our Father in Heaven." Prayer by Elder Wm. -- lt Willis. When shall we meet Thee," Singing,--''- : etc. Minutes ut last conference were read and accepted, and a recitation by Sophia Sornen givvn. Reports Uhen read from the folwards: 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th, bth, lowing 10th; 12th and 13th. ' 'Recitation by a litih-gir- l from the 4th Ward, cntitlod, "The worhf Stake control; and there are about thirty Stakes. Let us loo fcnra br 1 h ernos tm tfli 1 way to7 is fur ot h e rsras" w el lisfury uu ;" VlIcT Hardy jpend what we have on hand, such as tobeauti-f- y sang, "God; bless my poor old mother." Reour hall, meeting houses and our homes. port were read from the 15th and 16th Wards. Recitation in: We are to become a glory the roidstof the by a boy from the Gth Ward; song, earth. The time has fully come when Zion "Hope of Lrael " by the children. Remarks by Mrs. Aurelia S. Rogers, Pre&t. of theJV A. must arise and put on her beautiful garments; Davis Stake,upon attending m etings, keepr of willhu-: but the Lord keep us in the vale of ing lheSabbath, day . holy, krudnesu to each mility until we. know how to use the blessings He is civinj? us. When affliction comes to us oiher, quarreling, and touch in mipon many other tojiics of interest. Class recitation by can we say, "Not my will, but Thine be done?" If we can, as individuals and collectively, it is eighJ little girls of the 20th Ward; recitation by Ruby Irvine of the 19th Ward; reatling by , well ior us. a little girl from the 10th Ward; recitation by Mrs. P. S. Kimball said, "I feel the Spirit a little girl of the I6th Ward. of the Lord is here;, I hope we will learn to The President made-fewremarks, and adpity others and learn to con trol ou rsel ves; t h is journed the meeting uutil 2 p.m. Singing, is our work, to control our desires and appetites; Did you; think to pray? benediction by let us jiot deform our bodies byfol lowing the Mrs. A. S. Rogers fashions of Babylon; let us try to do as near Afternoon session: Opened by singing, The light as we can while we are here in mortality. Are our mothers training up souls for exalta- Primary Song." Prayer by iMrs. II. A. ffardy. J n. Uil Mil lfl ; ,1 i j. l Singing, " We're -- Marching Home wa rd." Ret c 10f f. ix iui iitt iiu tiuij uuii ui i liet uc jn.ua ui marks by Mrs. E. Sutherland. Prest.Big rearing them to save souls of men and women, P. A. A song from the littTe girls of by being worthy to enter the Temples of the T r, r Ml .I Uuion Wrd. entitled, "Bessie Fair;" Kemarks Lorur It we humole ourselves, trie loru win cause Satan to, be bound, but we must become by Mrs. Terry of Draper; recitation by a littlo a humble people. We are feeling after God boy from the 20th Ward, "Xever give up the g w-r- tf . e a -- 1 - 4- S Cot-tonwoc- 1 1 V T" and seeking to prepare ourselves? lor the com ing of the Savior. God will bless the Relief Society; it is for blessing the poor and the sick. Let us gather "and save wheat, for we will re quire all. we can get. There is danger lor everybody while in the flesn, therefore let U3 step close to God and keep His command ments, and'do as we would wish to be done by to everyone. I bless you, my sisters, in the came of Jesus. Secretary E. Howard spoke of the annoyances all have to meet in some way or other, but Lhnncrht. wa wPrp. cettinnr waked UD. "Pride is creeping among us. The pride of education is growing in our midst. Many are becoming are losing the highly educated jhat-the- y Spirit of the Lord. "Let us humble ourselves, that the Lord will not humble us. We need t m more time ior our conference, ine enemy is laying traps for our children in the excursions and amusements. The .work is accumulating, but don't let us work too hard, but take care of our bodies. Let us a3k our Father to bless 1 oil mo J tl.nf oil WO have and are is from Him." Mrs: S. B Gibson, Mrs. E. B, Fletcher, Mrs. Diana Ried, Mrs. Catharine Smith, Mrs. Ann Griffiths, Mrs. M. Brady, Mrs. M. A. Saiartr Mrs. E. Hirst, each made a few remarks, and bore testimony to the good spirit f the meeting, and also to the truth of the Gospel, expressing their interest in the work of tU Relkf SvbUt, as wU as all work ia the so . 1 right way." Couri. Lydia Ann Wells ssked the children few a questions, and made some excellent remarks about prayer, improvement, and upon the first principles of the Gospel. Two little boy3 of .tho 5th Ward gave a dialogue. Remarks were also iLade by Mis. Mary Gerber of Granger Ward and Mrs. Minnie H. James of the 7th Ward. Recitations by two little girls each from a different ward. Mrs. C. smith of Draper spoke a few minutes to the children, counseling and encouraging them in doing right. "The day dawn is breaking," was then sung by the children. Miss Annie McGhee of Sugar House Ward made some in teresting remarks. Mrs. r ranees tiansou ot MUl Creek Ward asked the children a few questions and spoke a short lime. Minnie James, a very little girl of the 7th AVard, e a recitation. iuiss ouarp tpuh.Bi ... i ana aneniion to the children upon oraer, nuuctualitv: urjred them to learn something each day, and if once learned it would never .,' be forgotten. Prest. Clawson hoped the children would ' try and remember what they had heard at this conference, for they had really had some good instructions: was dad. to see some of the pa rents present;, hoped they would attend, and " " encourage the children. Conference was then adjourned for three iiene- months. Singing, "Hope ot IiraeJ. diotkn by Mrs. M;Ghe. .i." . xl s -- fr ' re-spect- ed " Dkar Sistxn Flltcher: 1 - . The Eighth Ward Primarv met at the ward e, Sept. 21t, 183G, Prest. E. B. Fletcher presiding Sisteri. Ellen C. Clawson and Lydia were preaent; also Cuun." 1 Joseph IcI urrin.. Bister E. B. Fleicher stated that the meeting .was for the purpose of reorganizing. : She, through poor health, realizing her inability to perform her duty in a creditable manner, offered her resignation, which was accepted, and a voteof ihanks tendered her and her Counselors, Miss Katie Spencer and Miss Xizzio Chamberlain. their efficient and much appreciated labors in the past. Sister Fletcher was elected as President at the organization, March. 19th, 1879,and has, since that time, been greatly h)vednd by .the children. She felt it quite a trial to "part with the children, but circum stances were of such a. nature, that it was heccs. sary f.r her to resign, as she had to many du ties and labors to perform. meetiug-hous- : Thequarterly conierence of the Primary -- ; R EO RG A N I Z ATI ON. Ann-Well- - . Singing, "0 Jesus, the giver of all - 1 1 Mrs. .SrM, Kinjball said, "It seems to me we for the things are all hungering and thin-tiriof the kingdom, and we all seem to be working mcrfibers of this kingdom. Our finances are a small part oLxiur labors. I have made a rough estimate of what the Jadies in this one self-will- v us. gaiQ, -- s. cultivating faith, and feeling a full assurance that God will be with v e wani, to nave and waicuiui ui um wuius. the and one not other, to charity repeat at all The hear. we times what principle of;.'celestial marriage is the only one in which we can . 71 "May happy days be ever thine, And heaven's glory on thee shine; And as the days glide swifily past, "May joy attend thee to the last," r is the sincere desire of the children. The officers of the Primary Association are as follows: Sister Jane Cowan, President; Sister Ann Cartwright and Miss Jennie G)un.?elors; Su;-iKeysor, Stcretarv; Assistant McMurrin, Agrie Secretary; Sarah IcMurrin, Recording Secretary and Treas-nreMor-teus- en, e -- r. . A short programme was rendered, consisting"' of recitations, readings, song-'- , organ solos and rregt. Jane vowan Biid Coiimelora each spoke a few words, expressing their desire to. do the best they could. Sisters Clawson and Wells, as well as Bro. McMurrin, also spoke, giving the children much good advice, exhortmg them to he obedient and prayerful. They ai-- o gave words of counsel and encouragement to all present. Those who, attended felt that thev had im deeil been well paid for so doing. The meeting wh3 then adjourned for one week, at four o'clock, and prayer was offered by Sister Claw- son. .' . ' Si RAH McMuRRIX, SOME PLAIN FACTS. I was reading in the Dacret News the re- marks of a "47er." I did not think it was right for him to dismiss his audience wiihout giving the women a chance to speak; and as I came to bait JLake the first year following the pioneers, and driving my team,I thought I would add a few wordt-Mmind went back to my leaving Nauvco, being driven out by a mob. My husband, during the winter of '45 '46, built us a wagon. The timber was boiled in brine to season it. The wheels were tied with rawhide and hickory withes. I was very proud ofjOurw0goD;jveliLiiotlow The mob was coming into.Nauvoo, and women and children were being; taken over the river and set down on the shelter. My, a little no had shorts; groceries of any family even mn, iunn,noi. Brethren would come with their teams and help us on a few miies, till we reached Bonaparte, in Iowa, where we procured flour by selling our oJothing. When we stonntd we were in a wagon and tolerably comfortable, while there were hundreds of sick without food or shelter on the bank of the river. I thought, when readir the speech of tho "woman risitor to gait Lake, cf&ring the MALw ' y bank-Avitho- ut " 