Woman s Exponent Published one copy pne year, semi-monthl- Editor. B. WELLS, EMMBLim y, 2.00; in Salt Lake City, Utah.' Terms: : one fcopy six months, fl.00. Ten copies for tho price of nine. AUycrnsing rates, ivituu pquaro, wh iiuw ui tuu,saii A liberal discount fpacc, one time, 82.50; per month, $3.00. - .. ad vArtisorS, in roanilr f) - - - L ' Exponent office, No. 2 E., South Temple Street, second gate cast of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m to 5 D.m. every day. except Sunday , Address all business communications to t. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . Salt Lake Salt . have-done- Lake City. Utah. i83G. May i, City, - Congressional, Record,and as there was no audible objection it wasTdone; therefore the wrojagsjmd grievances as set forth in that document have been properly recorded in the pages of the journal of the works of Congress, and stand there as stubborn fact, to the condemnation of those who perpetrated the outrages mentioned against wives and mothers in this land of freedom and liberty. The wrongs and grievances liave been fieardfeven in- - high pi acesrbutHh e redress- - asked for may b e very slow in coming. The prejudice is exceedingly strong, against the doctrines anoV institutions of the Saints, but the persecution's spreading the knowledge pf truth as nothing else ever could . Surely it is "a marvelous work and a wonder." On Thursday, the 8th of April, the Memorial went to the House of Representatives, through the courtesy of Gov. Long of, Mass., and he re quested that it be referred to the Committee on Judiciary, which was accordingly done. .This Committee have in their hands also the Senate B 11 Jtf n.as.tli cne wE dmunds JB ilL o.j o,k nojTucker is the Chairman a very John Randolph kindly and wise man a southern gentleman, large- -- hearled andfuil of that chivalry towards women which seems so thoroughly natural to theold NOTES FROM WASHINGTON. 7 Washington possesses so many points of inter- cf ih-i- t if ic rlififirnlt tn rlprirlp whirh Will he mOSt im-- . entertaining whenjmejle pression of it upon others, and present matters of importancc.Xhisis a delightful time of year,and the city looks beautiful, ami the fragrance of the blooming magnolias and lilacs, with that of the early flowers, is abroad in the air. It is the Lenten season, and. consequently there is less gaiety and display than at other times.T.here is considerable gossip in reference to the President's marriage with Miss Folsom of Buffalo, but apart from gossip, no one seems to have real informa -- i , ', Virginians." The Committee on Territories 7have in their . - rcupc the even tenor of his way, and is apparently as unconcerned as though such a rumor had never been circulated. Miss Cleveland is still absent in New York, "and the White House is therefore lacking in one of its great attractions, the presence of a graceful, intelligent and charming woman. Even mansion with wealth and all its appurtenances at command needs a woman's tact aridJskuT in i n c nnnnrs . .nn rn issninn nnn nrr.inirp n things tastefully and harmoniously, and as the President has no wife, it is an excellent thing for him and for his friends, as well as all parties in the welfare of his home andTuTround ings, that he has a sister who.makes his cause her own, and fills the place of mistress at the White House, so it is said, with all the dignity of. a .i'i.ilii: uiZ'CZTZTZ uuJ yei. i as grave uuuuu auuJ enqueue opinions on the gravest questions of the day. But as Latter-daSaints, our people are not so much absorbed in matters pertaining to the social etiquette and manners of Washington society as in those that seriously afiect the condition of the "Mormons" at the present time. What Congress has done in legislating for Utah, and what is likely to be done in the near future are the main questions of importance. And as one of the Delegates sent here to present the Memorial of the women ot the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, it becomes a duty to mention to our readers and the public some of the steps taken to get the matter properly preseftted to those'in power. After some little delay in regard to the best method to pursue, the Memorial was formally presented to the President, and a personal interview with him obtained, on Saturday, April 3rd,tVlA IlKr.-- . . . ! T HC ' rC V.n TT "Ultt'j Ul luc acuuv mansion, rie promised to give the' matter serious attention and fnnsiri prat inn v.v.. .u.tu.u iu v.Aiauaiiuiia upuU " - "nftpr'l the subject. learned that he had carefully read the Memorial through, which is certainly more than lie can do with all the memorial! lie receives. Hon. Henry W. Blair, Senator; from New Hampshire, presented the Memorial of the women of Utah, in the Senate of the United States, on Tuesday, the 6th of April, according to an. arrangement previously made with the ladies of the aud asked that it be printed in full in the con-cern- ed ; . 11 y v;. 1 T7" k - ; -- 1 y WTe-tifterwa- rds deTe-.gatio- n, - . -; keeping the Woodburn and McAdoo bills, both of them infamous in their provisions. Every woman should read. them for herself, and know just how the rights of American citizens are threatened on account of religious-beli- ef. It :seems to be the duty of the women of Utah especially to examine the laws made on purpose for them, their husbands" and children. The women of the United States, generally speaking, know very little of the government of their own contry7ntF5'et they are ready to call out and condemn to punishment under the most offensive laws, women and children, without . ven knowing what measures are taken, or what misery or hardship the enforcement of the laws will bring upon those who have never even been accused of any .offense. -- Talking recentlyrwith the wife oFaTvery popular Senator from an old and influential state, she acknowledged she had neve? read the Law of 1882, and did not know what its at whatever risk, poly. must One of the members of the Comgamy go. mittee expected to act upon that bill, stated, without hesitation, that he had not yet reajf it, and had not even' seen the Memorial, nor would he promise to glance through it; as his time was so. occupied; still, as he' i$xpected tcTconsider the 07 in Committee, he will be obliged to read it, but without any information concerning the circumstances and' conditions of the people in whose interest, or against whose interest and welfare the bill has been expressly framed. However he has had a few facts forcibly presented to him by the women from Utah, who called-- ' upon him and enlightened him a little on a few matters pertinent to the main question. It is a very common thing to be instructed by members. to get a new revelation abolishing or suspending the practice of plural marriage, as though revelations were made to order; some liave even offered to receive them; they do not recognize God in it, and yet one would think they might very readily comprehend that unless the practice was from a religious conviction men and women would not be willing to endure the persecutions and hardships and even imprisonments they are now called upon to suf-fe-r. -- -- -m- Edmunds ethods-Avere-at-allTbuT - The new Governor for Utah, Caleb W West has been .here in Washington several days - his nomination has been confirmed by the Senate and he will probably reach Utah soon. He is very highly spoken of by leading men here notably Speaker Carlisle, and is no doubta man of ability, and disposed to be just to all parties The lady delegates have had an opportunity 0f meetinghim, and -- found -- him -- very --affableInd pleasing in manner, and have formed! a "good opinion of his qualifications for the position he ni nas ucen appuimcu iu 1111. One of the most intelligent and interesting men we have had the pleasure of meeting here, is . 1 n.-rv- . I f iirtic h en Armr V( 11 . . and an able member of the bar practising before the Supreme Court here in Washington; He -- seems the "Mormon" question disposed with the utmost fairness, and does not, as many do, count all "Mormons" criminals until they pan prove their innocence. He is one of the mosfen. tertaining conversationalists, brilliant in ideas and logical in presenting facts. He is familiar with the history and records of the old New England familiesj and his re'membrances of names and dates, for a man of business, at his time of life " is something extraordinary. , Tn hp;ir :nm nnnlf talW; nn wnnlrl tWmV "tU. rights of the: "Mormon" people hung by a single thread, and that was Just ready .to break and pres' cipitate them into parts unknown; butTheir 'mav vetfind that there is a strong-corwhirh j " holds this peculiar people, whom they count so ignorant and obstinate, and that neither persecution nor oppression will break it asunder, try as they may. be done here in.oresentino' farfAll that can . : VW and seeking to remove prejudice, seems only "a drop in the ocean of public sentiment ar. rayed against a people "struggling with the effects of falsehood and misrepresentation, but one must not be weary in well doing even though the opportunities may be few, and the prejudice bitter. Truth is sharp and often forces its own way info the human heart, though it may be an unwelcome guest. It is amusing to hear men who hold their judgment in. high estimation. men who have held positions requiring thera tojudge and decide importantmatters, say it con- oKnnf fusps thpm tn hpar tri ttatmAntc mo the present condition of affairs in Utah, and one would suppose from their observations, they were disposed to decide without information, Just give a leap in the dark, and leave the result hap hazardf knowing too that it must involve much of happiness or misery for those depending upon the issues. On one occafidn the writer could scarcely refrain from telling a member the old story of the judge, who when he had heard the witnesses on one side of the case,declared he did not want to hear those who represented the other side as his mind was already made up. There is to be a hearing' before the of Judiciary on the new Edmunds Bill, y and the Delegate from Utah will etc., also other men of ability, and no doubt speak, will the they present strongest arguments possi- ble in favor of the people whose rights are at stake in the pending measures; but what effect it will have upon the legislation remains unknown, and will, in all probability, until the Bill is reported in the House of Representatives. The case of Apostle Lorenzo Snow is to be argued before the Supreme Court of the United States bv Hon. F S. RiVVirc nf t r;t on Lreorge l. Lurtis Esq.,of Washington, commencbut will probably be continued ing and may be occupy even more time. Notwithstanding the prejudice which prevails so generally against plural marriage we have had offers from different sources of help in making unanswerable arguments on the question of right to practice it, and men have sought out divers ways by which to .substantiate the doctrine and 1! TTarh "c make the f.prmmA .. o mj l i t i .it oe.mrtr-sv(.iia one thinks his method worth money, and for a consideration is willing to experiment believing he can make the case clear, either before the bar to-tre- at . " wisi-acre- : - - -- " . sub-Committ- , to-da- to-da- y, w, cr- - -- l k ee - 