179 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A TRIBUTE. just recalled should "they not comfort and cheerus when we Jose our dear ones, and in contemplation of our own sleep of death? Our ignorance is our great affliction; our judg ment'and our understanding of all these jjlori ous and mighty truths "have been taken from -- that h?ea to God has often U3, Uiough a glimmering of the Untold glories of its future nome. snarks from on the eternal altar, which it grasps with avidity, to feed the flame within itseir that 13 given to cultivate its lmmor -- THE MEMORY OF THE LATE SISTER MARINDA TO PBESIDEXT OF THE KELIEF SOCIETY Or THE I7TH WARD. HYPE, , Chide- - not the gratefuLloving tear, tive-so- ' Th holy water of the soul, That falls upon Marinda's bier, "VhJch love forbidsus to controlr 'Tis love's effusion that we shed, . "fis not the tear of rain regret That consecrates the lowly bed Of her we never can Jfbrget. ' -- . - ( . - same. -- . With all thit heaven itself commands. A higher hand than mine must hold The pen that traces out her life, Which should be dtp't in liquid gold To. picture all with which 'tis rife! - et-erna- . - 1 1 - 1 ou Where shall we look to fill her place .. So mild, 50 gentle," yet so firm? The Christian lady, rich in grace, - A model, from which li should learn. soul-thrillin- Our tears will fall but yet we know, vain, how needless are such tears,' We are so selfish here below, And nothing know, but what appears. -- - But faith uplifts the mystic veil, And in the scenes it points to view Sorrow no longer can prevail . And love sighs forth a fond adieu! Hannah T. King.. MISCELLANEOUS It is not enough - that --you keep your finger-of- f fr6m a man; you must not let your or wicked thoughts touch him. . Mr. Ruskin, alluding - to. children, says, "Make them try always who shall speak truest, both as regards the fact he has to relate and the precision of the words He expresses it in, thu3 making truth the test of perfect lan" : guage." . There is nothing that pushes a man downwards so fast as to Jose the respect of his.fel-- . lows. Let him perceive that he is regarded with contempt, and he will soon be worthy of Tt. let-hisefiorts" 13 eligh ted rand- - he may gradually cea3e to put them forth. Let him be taunted with his ignorance, and it may be- come even denser. No aid, h6wever generous, no instruction, however valuable, no compassion, however sincere, can do their true work for him, if they are unmingled with a certain deference which is born of respect. Time is often said to be money; but it is moreit is life. Yet how many there are who would cling desperately to life, and yet think nothing of wasting time. "For who knows most, him loss of time most grieves." Chesterfield's letters to his son, with- -a great deal that is worldly and cynical, contain certainly much good advice. "Every moment," for instance, he says,' "which .you now lose is m much character and advautage lost; as, on the other hand, every moment you now employ usefully is so much time wisely laid out in prodigious interest." "Do what you will," he observes elsewhere, "but only do something." ."Know the true value of time; sn itch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it." "" t prima uonna 01 every grove, alas! she, aoove all, is not here." Thesbng of birds is to vie the minstrelsy of heaven, and were it said to me shall choose whose songyou ..will hear, Patti or the nightingale, I would without hesitation sav (after the long dearth I have had of her divine eon?) "the nightin ; ' gale in the grove!" Take me there and leave me alone with that bird; and my own thoughts, which she would cultivate aud inspire! But that delicious treat is a thing of the past, nor to be heard again by me till the resurrection, when perhaps "the grove" and us locality may do a part 01 my inheritance, and then I shall hear again my treasured bird in all her glory of resurrected inspiration. I suppose it was probably the extreme beauty of her song that gave rise to the legend that she was a beautiful maiden, but her history was sorrowful, and she was changed into a bird named -- Philomela; hence her song retains melancholy pathos, and inspires feelings of love and sympathy in her listeners. There was a beautiful lyrical. song in ray NOTES AND NEWS. -- you ng days, sung at all the po pular con certs I think it was composed by Professor Hobbs, One of Helen Hunt Jackson's monuments O one of the Euglish composers, and sung by him. He had a very fine voice, and was one is to be the ."Ramona" Indian School for Girl?, Santa Fe. . pf the gentlemen of the Chapel Royal: The at words were something of the following. I quote are In Germany and Austria lamb-skin- s be from memory of fifty years ago, so I may 3 in France largely employed for word in or a if err I pardoned are used, principally, and always for the fo. best qualities. "As it fell upon a day In the merrie month of May, A municipal suffrage bill, aud a bill making Sitting in a pleasant shade women eligible as overseers of the poor, aro With a grove of myrtles made. the two thing3 which made the ladies happy There Philomela, all forlorn, last week. Boston TranScriit. ' , ' . - In this region of country-- the spring i3 decidedly not so thrillingly beautiful as in that where I was reared. Beautiful sjnging birds are not here to vocalize every tree and grove; the cuckoo, that harbinger of spring, :vnth its never varying note, is noOiereTThe" blackbird and the thrush, with their exquisite notes; - are not., here, and the .nightingale, the And tells us she has reached a home Not madeby any earthly hands, Eternal in the heavenly dome But in our love, and deep respect V And rich appreciation, we Will yield to none, when we reflect And know 'twas of a high degre. , - Metf links I see Marinda's smile, Methinks I hear her low, soft voice; That of our grief doth us beguile, And bids us all rejoice! rejoice! them I write, and they, are my inspiration. Those who remember the beautiful song I have quoted will, I know, read it with pleasure. , ul . tality. :; I have often exclaimed that in spring my soul seemed born anew: it seemed to partake of the renovating- influence thrown at that time over all nature, and I drank from the halcyon cup and was refreshed arid renewed by the ; that will respond iu unison with mine, aiid for IIaxnah T. King. g -- . SPRING. " : ' "How shairi woo thee, beautiful spring, ' What shall my offering be?" ,- - L 1 . Once more we are permitted to behold the most beautiful quarter of to,-yeayoung, vernal, when season all nature the glorious, spring! arises from her long, cold, deathly sleep throws off her .alabaster shroud of snow, enters, her dressing room and robe3 herself in glorious apparel of every hue and texture, and comes forth S3 a bride adorned for her bridegroom, sun! What the grand, gorgeous, see? to Tho do we resurrection expect greater resurrection of the Kumau body can scarcely be greater. Did we not know by yearly experience that- - such a transformation would take place, we should probably be as skeptical with regard to the grand final resurrection as many are, even in this age of enlightenment and revelation dEIow could we believe, looking on these apparently dead tree?, these flowers, dead to the surface, the earth itself a barren, unsightly object, unless enveloped in her shroud of snow, from which we recoil, and pass into our warm habitations and shut the door, and draw the curtains of the windows to exclude the cold, barren, howliog wilderness outside! Earth looks a3 a corpse, upon which death has set hh s al, which-ii- e actually. Jbas done for an allotted time; when that time and season has expired he has no power to retain his prey as of old that Almighty voice is ' again seen and felt 'Lazarus, come forth!' and, as of old, the sleeping form arises and obeys the Ridding of One who has the power r life-givin- kid-glove- , Should not such thoughts and such repeated experiences,' that never fail, as these we have kid-skin- 3; . g . to resurrect - , - Leaned her breast upon a thorn, Th it to hear her sore complain Scarce I could from tears refrain, For her griefs so lowly shown .Made me think upon my own.'' . - Then followed a refrain, and the accompaniment to the words was so thrillingly beautiful, and the voica that" enunciated, it so accomplished aud pathetic, that after all these long ; years I cau shut my eyes and the song and the scene and the singer are heard through a telephone of a long, long vista of time. Memory! memory! thou art a certain earnest of the ; immortality of thy possessors. Some of my readers may probably think that I telescope my ideas, and perhaps I do, but I only profess to write as my own heart and brain dictate, and as I do not "write for hire or divine for money" if I do not please all I know I shall strike some chords in some hearts 7 . bread for the market, begun by women in Dubuque, Des Moines, and Chicago, has become, so it is said, a steady and remunerative business iu each case. This is a good "home industry." Good home-mad- e College, adProf. Maria Mitchell, of women. She vocates outdoor employment astronomical-observatorie- s regrets to see women who are in work as recorders and computers advorather than observers. ProfrMitchell " cates land surveying for women. Why not? Va-isa- r fr Mrs. James Bennett, of Kentucky, says to the men who argue that women have not sense Go& who enough to vote: "If you thiuk the made U3 did nol know as much about the foolishness of the woman on the day He made her nnfl nnmmanded vou to do unto her as you would be done by, as you can teach Him the sooner you stop talking about the foolishThe nightengale Luilds her nest with a ,ness of women, and reflect upon your own ' oolishness, the better for you. thorn springing up in the center. , " to-da- y, 