!?TP a. 'Z: Vol. -- The Rights .' -- of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the .Women of all Xations., Z . ; SALT TA 14. MIDNIGHT MUSINGS, Those who j are; looking Zion ward, as the not content with fall "perturbed spirit"-who- , ing away themselves, would fain drag everyone winds and waves begin to rise and the storm-clouelse along, with them, or failing in that, whelm to lower" overhead; ' and are asking in rum and disaster ail who prefer to cling to .themselves the question,; "Will her light go out?" may take home - to their souls a negative the old ship Zion, despite the example oi desertion and treachery which they: haveset them. response. 7 The light : will not go but. It was Strange, ii it not, that such should be the .the band of God- that kindled it, and not all case?. These persons are, for the most part, the floods of earth or the infernal regions can been-hearmen and women who have te say, drown it, or prevent it from "growing brighter a this and brighter un tb the perfect day." There 13 knew thousand times, that they perhaps religit n to be the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and no such thing in the programme of history as have given evidence in many ways, most of the extinguishment of "Mormonism." That all by that infallible indication of faith and programme was prepared in the heavens besincerity, good works, that what they said they fore the foundations of the earth were laid, and meant, and were then in possession of a testithough? earth and heaven pass away, taking th could them to perdition all who forsake and with which they not deny mony of its tru and would not hear others gainsay. .With refight against Uod's truth, not one jot or tittle of what He has forenpoken and preordained gard to the causes which have produced a sub sequent "change of heart," we have nothing will fall to the ground unfulfilled. to say, nor of the peculiar predicament in 0. F. Whitney. which such people find themselves, in repudiat ing with scorn what they before solemnly THE SIGNS OP THE TIMES. ja vowed as a fact; attempting to trample in the mire the jewel they once wore v proudly The world blind teethe signa of the upon the breast, and "knowing" to be "all times, which toappear, Latter-day the Saints, however, wrong" what they are already on record for are a doubt that the great day proving beyond as knowing to be right and proper in every approaches when, as was long ago foretold, a ' respect. " government will be set up which will never Such are the ones, I repeat, who are the end. moat anxious to have it shown that the claims The little stone that Daniel saw cut out of of "Morrnohism" io a divine origin are false: the mountain is rolline swiftly, and will soon and the proof of it is that they are strainin fill the whole, earth. The wicked rule at Uie every nerve and effort in that direction. An present time, and thousands mourn because of why thw anxiety and unrest on their part? If these things, and the fearful judgments that they mow that "Mormonism is not true, and have commenced , to be poured put upon the that they simply lied when they solemnly nations. The desolation and pestilence that testified that they knew it was true, what need will follow the terrible deeds that have been pf all this nervous activity? Why this haggard arid are being committed against the weak and impatience, this feverish naste to have the so- - oppressed, they are illy prepared to meet. They called, "problem" solved by fire and sword, "cannot see the wonderful things which are beand the fact of its falsity demonstrated in its ing accomplished before their eyes, and which downfall, beyond the' shadow of a doubt? Is it cannot be staid. Though they may scourge a pure, unselfish, disinterested regard for the the Latter-daSaints for a little season, it is welfare of humanity that inspires such inhu only a purifying process, which, is actually man ' propositions for ' the cure of an alleged necessary to' separate the gold from the dross, pvil against which the battering ranis of mob and we hope wiir leave none but. the faithful violence, special legislation' and polemical de-- , and true, who will rendermore strict obedience bate have been thundering : in Vain for fifty to the requirementa of the Gospel of Christ. years? X)r," is there another reason, supposed to We have the consolation; of knowing.-tha- t the be carefully concealed but nevertheless "gross community called "Mormons" have ever been as a mountain,1 open, palpable," to all who see a g strictly people, yielding obediaright 'why the 'apostate from "Mormonism" ence to every law which promotes the interest should desire, more than anyone eIse,to see the of morality and religious liberty. They have system "extirpated and' all who cleave to it been instructed to befriend and support every -swallowed up in the fierce maelstrom of popuconstitutional law of the Jand from the time ' : 1 ' ' ' lar fury? that this Church was organ ized fifty six I take the ground, ' and am hot afraid of its years ago; also that those who will not abide in that, nolman whp fights the cpvenanti even unto death, are noteworthy being honey-combeafter testifying in all to be called. Saints, as the Lord has declared; ''Albrmonism",4 against sincerity that he knows it to . be the work of and we know that He. has decreed in His heart God, feels positively certain that it is not. 'And. that He will prove His Saints in all things, the bitterer his hatred, and the more, active that they may be found worthy. . his hostility to the pure: and sacred principles T To polygamy and the priesthood have been which he once practiced and advocated, the attributed all the evils that have befallen the more evident is it that in his heart of hearts 'Mormon" Church. How; fallacious this state-meri- t, is! he fears and dreads, .as only such, souls can, The; early: Sainte know that the final the possibility 'of its triumph' and his own principle of plural marriage was never intrc-utter condemnation. It is the light which ducedf much less practiced in the Church, till dazzles the eyes and reveals ouir personal after we had passed through the most cruel we that wish taken:, away, for the honpersecutions. We have repeatedly testified to est man daylight has "no terrors) but the r, this fact, and we knew when they said that pursued by the torments of a. guilty j. olygamy. was. the only thing objectionable in Mormonism? that were we J willing to lay cdnscience, would fain: nave.the'bright fcUn'ex- -' i6guished, th moon'and stars blotted but' and asiae.inis aocinne mere wouia swu ue.oiuer the universe brie --eternal nigit, that he mighf' similar; requirements made at our hands, Al- escape tn thdnrlfhess and teveTtn his wVbtiW ready1 are we' witnessing the fulfilment, and the war is now openly decjared to be against our doing undisturbed. ; WRITTEN FOB. P. S. , :. The fire burnt low upon the hearth, The household sleeps no cares intrude; Without hath darkness wrap'd the earth, . . . . Within I sit In solitude. ! d But ndt alone; dear voices com.e, : JBreathirig soft cadence" in my ear, 'Which' through the day, all wearisome, ' With ruih pf.wbrk, I could not hear. Their whisperings soothe my tired soul, And all its worldly longings lull; Then o'er my passive senses roll, , Visions most fair and beautiful. ' . ' -- On scrolls of purest, matchless white, Earth's best endeavors far above, Engra'rtd," as in' eternal light, . ' : 1 see dear names I know and love. :w v.'1 - : - - The poor, the meek, the faithful ones, t Those bowed by sorrow and by care, These are Cod's daughters and His spnssee their names recorded. there. , L - -I And names I have not known on earth. So humble re thek stations here, .see .enshrined with gems of worth, ..'4 'And in bright glory they appear. . . who Jabot day by day, ' . To Cing oppression boldly down; .Who nobly dare God's laws t obey, ,"Though all the world in anger frown. , . Brave women, too,' and chaste and pure, .Who vaunt not here their cherished claims, But, for the truth's sake, all endure- Their names. re there, bright, hallowed .names. - -- . - - First, though I saw H not before, Shines the blest name of Christ our King, ' AVboiU ourpangs and sorrows bore, . - r- And perfect grew through suffering. -- - And.mttst I ,cjose my . eyes, nd lose : This gleam pf beav'n, tbis blessed ray? ' . kthe' 'Midnight Muse,' . .. Fairer, and sweeter oft than day. ;V-, . LULA. t !. jVI LLTKEJJGHT J30 y : . Ohj-faere- d . ; ' ' - -- t - ' ds OUT ? law-abidin- Probably no class of persons are watching and waiting more nxibusly the finalresult of the present : crusade against "Mormonism," best known to wlioVTr; Reasons themselves' .have apostatized and left' the (Urchahdare nbw 'ghtin against it. ;:Ko other class haye the "same interest in ' seeing "Monnohisin" swept 'away, or Would feel more ' truly thankful if it could be proved, what they arid obliterated sincerely hope it to be, a fraud, " from the :face of the earth. ;The reason for thia"the wise will understand," but much of it might be explained, even to the casual thinker, b. that feeling of hatred, almost fiendish In its Jbitternessso1 cfi'aracieristicbf the "Mormdn" 1 ' ' . apostate. ' True, there1 are' Some seeedefs Hfhojdo not exhibit it, but Ido notrregard ihero except in a limited aeriselfcther term", as rapbstates, for ' they either belong io axlass who never had any "MornTonism : ta secede fromj or 'lojan' other more nbble' butr uhibfiunateV who have! not in ihe; hearts entirely forsaken the 'faitBr though'they are? counted outside' ihV Gospel - ' ' ' ' '" Ipld. I am speakiDg more particularly of those than tho - ; 5 I' " . ; ' .'.".'-V- ' . ' ' ;' ' -- : d, '"r ; -- -- de-jfec- ts, evil-ilde- : . , 