r WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 110 v 2 ters to try- and refrain from these things and "mind our own business.'' ; who, under the sanction of theagreatcst Govern Mrs. M. Wv Snow made a ftw remarks; said merit du earth," would., rob, malign, and assassin "Let us all try aud be more cautious), more' your paper very' briefly,- being, aware that; ate them literally as ihev have done to their " wise anil more, silent upon sacred things; keep u: ' . time i? .; ; C h a ra cters , , :; j I thank our Heavenly Fa titer th a t I a m as things that are holy vvine our own bosoms, and Torown all, a new propQsitiQii-Jias6113- nave i)eeeutwnbut the precious amL4 :pray lor wwioin. in Congress' with the approval and applause of the ;socrated with you, not only-ivw mini bonds' of the glorious Gospel of leading newspapers, to pass an amendment to the everlasting V.UCIl OOU 01 Uie iVlau Sha in . !m n!.a ift l Ui'aWing IllgU Prln nf . hl. ' , v ' saerfif ' w ,. v nPn jaw i rr to deal with " ignorant, fanatical andTdishoricst ;bjackgu'ar'ds I feel that I shall be you in personwith you in spirit, and lake ; the liberty to ad- dress you tnrougn tne raemum or pen.niK arm - ; - to-da- 2 - -- -- ; . . very-limite- . . n - - Constitution, making, If the laws already , the subject of polygamy. such" effective work against passed, and now doing polygamy, are constitutional, why this proposed amendment?. Uut.if the proposed amendment be legislation, necessary to justify what becomes of the enactments already passed, now in full operation, and which the United States Supreme Court has held laJLurxonstitu-- , tlon.il? if these acts are constitutional, the pass-.- i ng of the' pf opos gd' am endment is lik e sayin g, TWdid right in doing, what we have done, and now we will make it more right .by saying we did right in doing right;" which is sheer ancbunmhi- - gated idiocy. .Inconsistency is the inevitable and J nyar iable result of departure, from pri nciple. The inconsistency may .be' ong delayed, but; it is of - tmerringtertainty. -- Ncr truth rouldi3ernorerclear- Iy exemplified than in the dealing of American statesmen (save-th- e mark!) with the Mormon '. 7 problem. - i low a- - Government-last- , will when men Jong who profess to love it can sanction its prostitul. tion. flow much . jespect can a - Government claim where it shakes its angry locks over the iniprison-men- t of a" common brawler, and threatens a war. unless he is released, as in the case of the man Cutting held recently by Mexico, and yet pays noT heed to the wail and petition of 2oo;ooo of its "opcitkens at home, pressed andwhose only desire is that their charge of insufferable grievances may be investigated? In this unhallowed and unconstitutional persecution the. Mormons, in defending their own rights, are fighting the battle of human liberty and constitutional the onlyfiiends rightspindeemto-behas, left. When grave and thoughtful men, who live; in and love America, who are among its chief intellectual and literary lights, freed from the prejudices and the excitement incidental to active'political strife, hold it to be merely a'question'of time, when it shall be disrupted because of. internal and political weigh t of Joseph Smith's prophec: that the end hastens, receives a .weight of testimony "that should make those who are wise-itheir generation pause. " r1 D. H. Wells. ic ' 1 -- - j Not anippating the pleasure of being with : -- -- -- doxology, and benediction by n il. Mclvla- Mr-j- . " -- - ,' . ter. ..." Afternoon session: After singing and prayer, the 18th, 19th, 20th, Sugar 'House;. Fanners, Big Cottonwood, South Cottonwood, Draper and North Jordan Wards were represented; all in a very prosperous condition financially, and an increase .inTTnembers " and endeawre to do " V good. J,;:. ; Prest. Home addressed the siitera for a short time, referring to many important matShe ters, and giving much good counsel. stated that she was on. hand to "visit any of the branches - in the Stakj when the sisters could; make arrangements for her to go. Advised the sisters to consider the jveather at this ' season and try to have these meetings when the people could Come out. She gave some instrue- tions to the sisters upon washing aud anointing, the sick, as some had 'Understood that those1 who ministered in these ordinances mast be specially set apart, otherwise it was not in tha proper order; told them that this was an errone-oa- s Saint? impression; all good, L itter-da- y who had'. received..the:r-:Wesoingj- , in the house oiliciate when .called f:theLoM might upon. - Coiin. E.'S. the harnos of the Central Board, and the presiding' .'officers' of the Salt Lake Stake Relief Society, and all were sustained in position by unanimous vote. The presidents and officers of each branch in the Stake, as now enrolled, were'"also, sustained."' Coun. E; S. Taylor wa glad to har that tlie" members of the Society in its several liranches were improving "spiritually and tprnoorallv glad to find interest in the Society ,mcrea?;:ig ;"among the people- She made some very excellent remarks upon talking mid gossippin' about other people's affairs, and urged the sis- --- SALT. LAKE STAKE. :.. -- us-nut-d- I. A. & P. A' REPORTS. s -- , - Beloved Sisters: .,; , . presiding. ',. '.. . ion " is " -- f more.-good- , that--come- doyn-trodde- n and members of the Relief So- the Salt Lake Bake of Zion, in Con-- tidy feremc assembled President 31. I. Home to aceom)lisn lian - To the officers pLes usjrrposilion " '.r the-roll- ; . ; r . T , ' The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of this Slake of Zion wa3 held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Thursday, Dec. Uth, 1680, Mrs. M. I Home presiding. After the usual opening exercises, the Secrebixteen presidents,1 six tary called' counselors, one treasurer and three teachers rebranches: sponded, representing twenty-six Minutes of previous conference read and accepted, after which a very affectionate and interesting communication was read by the Secretary from the President, E. R. S., Smith. , y - SYNOPSIS OF MINUTES. - , e - K. S., Y. L. i . . and-overthrow- - v. i us be merciful, even as oun. Father in heaTen merciful; and aim to attain to that which we both temporally andVs)irituaIly, thalT" : were placed here for, even eternal Jife otherwise would be possible, perlormifig X Mrs. E. B; Wells expressed herself as, glad labors of Jove and duty, relieving the wants jf witir-thassociated: Relief of being Society;; the poor administering to the sick lifting up Latter-dato bore 'of the. her tliejtruth the..: testimony vdown who bowed aro those strengthening work. Said, "Lt t us observe the Savior's weak encouraging the despoa'ding ;arousing". the dormant, etc-- , etc , is productive of the teaching, to ''do '..unto others as ye would that others- should do unto yon.'" Said she had purest and noblest pleasure en j jyed in mortal Tcad nnd believed the truest politenesTwas that Jifo. whatsoever ye which the Savior .taught May you, my sisters, in this Conference, real-- " would that men should do unto, you, do ye ize a copious refreshing from the presence of even so lihto them." .Thought we should be kind God. May" the spirit of instruction, cunsola-tiou- , and tender to each other, and never wound the Jove and uniotr rest;?)!!;' those present feelings of anyone knowingly,. Spoke of the" every lieart be .cheered, aud : eacli soul resolve subscription for the flimiiy of one of the anew to (lraTv"closer to God, and lean firmly on brethren. "IITm, tliat you may sceljeyond tlie claJlTcrou and had died, leaving his family that rises before us, and rejoice in prospect of interpreter, in poor ci'rctimsktucesn.n vited - the sisjers; "who tlie blessing after the tribulation. could to contribute "even ovor such 'a small May the Holy Ghost, the" Comforter, be your sum. cons tan t compan ion , an d you b o. en ab led to ac- ''Mr.. M. W. Wilcox b?ro testomony to the knowledge the hand of God in all. things. 'What Ha will not overrule for the good, of thcr truth. of l!ie:Gipel, ami rejoiced 'to be. num." bered with .the Saints: I: VI Saints, He will avert. be Smith ' us watchful 'Let M'rs.'B.'AV, said, Your Sister, let all and the 45XOW time, 'V: E. R. any unnecessary Smttii. ,:: of that would-.not and '. Thursday morning, Dec. 0, 1881). speak things talking, hurt any one's feeling?; let us live so that we and wards of .the city, The first .seventeen can bles each other aiid do good t()lraclf otherV Pleuisant Green, nvere represented in their an.l seek to do our duty .at all times." ; - Dr. E. R" and the ..was order, showing particularly good Shippr T can say of a truth that i? conso far as activity in benevolent work I know this to be the work of, God; let us put be faithful. and cerned, and a desire to diligent into practice the .instructions- - wo havrlr-df----: Prest. Home made some timely nugge.stioui, it is not what we hear, but what we do by and encouraged the sisteis to perfbrn every which ',ve.,shall be judged; I often think we i'aat. anoVbe firm and stead duty could hardlyjive if it were jiot for the G)spel; which " anti-polygam- v I, - ( Taylor-presente- -- thsethatieavrt h avc no t h i n g t o i ve fo r. ' ' "Dr. Macr're- C Shi np:' .'Let us be careful th ev : 1 not to nurt eacti others teeimgs, bus overcome this propensity of speaking harshly and judging others, and let us be more kind and tender and merciful, that we, too, 'may. obtain mercy, l am one with you, my.Sisters, aud wish all the rtime'toiuV; PrftHonre entreated the' sisters to be awake to duties and not bo caught napping. "Cultivate the Spirit" of the Lord. It is a So- good thing to have a fund on hand in each It might bj called ciety, and not expend-."all.- ; ;- - ' ;. 1 t : i" F f ntirl ' T.-- . (h.-- i tt,.ir;crs h.o w'ui'ft .. t.hilt belonging to the families of those brethren who are in prison is neglected, or;, suffers Tor any comfort." , She was, glad the . brethren liad appointed meetings on the blocks;, "thev will do a great deal of good; our. young people will have an opportunity to hear tne teitmionie3 ot 'tiie: brethren.- - and sistera. ,. We have to be diligent for ourselves. We . cannot borrow the Spirit of the Lard; we must have it in our own hearlsfevery means ismade use of by our' enemies to annoy and distress us. , I want to say a few words about this "Indus-"- ; trial Home," that our enemies are getting up We women of Utah. fur the. "down-troddeof by don't want ani of our poor taken care ourthe Gentile.; tako care ot our poor selves. Let us nof be overtaken by the snares that are laid for our &et and the'leet of our child ren Le?; us guard them and guide them. The Lord looks favorably upon his daughters, and it is oar privilege' to know that we are indeed His daughters." Referred to the daughters of. -- Zdophuhad, mentioned lir Scripture, wno asked concerning their inheritance, and even Mose3 was not able to answer them, but mno one . n , 