L i WOMAN'S EXPONENT 4G ing sentence of perpetual young man has been sentenced for A five years in for the Penitentiary stealing a colt which he de was his own clares property. Now and then some scenes occur within these tion of the. people in whose interests we hav,? she took her children with her, and while there made many of these sacrifices, suffered these deher children were sent to a high school, and her privations, yet our .intentions are" still "to labor for" son Orson stu lied music, and is nowji teacher their good, and we feel that we cannot do it more 7and professor. While there Mr. Pratt made considerable means selling his publications. They successfully in any other way than we are now doto the are which, precincts therefore we accept this class of Gospel, returned in three years to Salt Lake. least, gloomy say ing, "; rather sad and painful to witness. They general labor, resignedly and cheerfully, knowing that the Mr." Pratt was not worth $150,000, as Mrs. , ly happen at. the first interview between the hus- eyes of the world, of angels, the eyes of:God.,and Newman stated before the Senate Committee, . the heavenly host are upon us; and the attention barid, wife and children. On first ,seeing; The fond when he .come to Utah, nor ..the twentieth part of husband and father issuing from his prison through of the wicked, Lucifer and his host of evil spirits that amount. He had purchased everything to the ponderous iron grated door, his head closely likewise are directed toward ns, and they fear and make Mrs7 Pratt and ."family comfortablepiano shaven, attired in convict garb, then and there tremble, in view of the results from the maintain-anc- e for Orson, x. to play on, Brussels carpet, china too often are heard the sighs of pain and anguish) of our integrity, devotion and fixed resoluware and. furniture to correspond, and hired help and bitter tears arc seen coursing down the tion to honor pur God, our holy religion, to wait on her hand and'Tootr wife and sorrowing cheeks of the notwithstanding the forbidding prosWhen Johnson's army came-hereand the children. life of pect long imprisonment. Church moved south, she said she loathed the An incident is told that, the father on retiring Says the Prophet Isiah, ''How beautiful uppn things she had around her, so plentiful had this into the prison, at" the close of an interview with the mountains are the feet of him that bringelh "fiend of - husband" provided Jor this "womanhis his 'family, while passing through-the-doo- r, good tidings; that publisheth'peace;that bringeth of rare exceptional type," and this, informer of child cried out in a pleading voiae, "Oh, papa! good tidings of good; that publisheth salvation; falsehoods about her husband, who was ever kind come back, come with us, do come home with ma, that saith unto Zion, thy God reigneth." And I and indulgent, only too much so, was her trouble. : will add: How beautiful to contemplate our now, wont you pa?" Mrs. Pratt always had his means to control, and Another instance:' A little boy and his mother Elders of Israel, in the Penitentiary of Utah; in I should think a blush of shame would mantle her the prison at Boise, Detroit and Michigan ; standing upon the walls of our prison yard, while cheeks, when she sees such romantic stuff in pulooking down into the enclosure; suddenly the though suffering alingering martyrdom, yetsmiU blic pririras"lhis"M little fellow espied his father, and spreading out ing in their sufferings, and rejoicing that they are at the head of the nation to Senators. I would.' his little arms, cried out in the most beseeching accounted worthy to. be thus persecuted, as were much rather "transfer a little yeast fur flour" than the ancient Saints for religious belief, for the lo,ve tones, "Oh, pa, come up here, 0 do come to me!" such abominable trash as Joseph Cook It is quite easy to imagine and appreciate inrsuch o f God and testimony of-- e s us. Z L.H on the Mormon question. 7 As for this There is one important sentiment entertained cases, the feelings of parents, by anybody jaot Industrial Home, true Latter-daSaints have no of sensibility. by our brethren here regarding which, I believe need of it; our time is all occupied; we do not It is not uncommon,to see women come upon there are no exceptions ; I often hear it expressed, receive our from our too much Christian-inteferersupport the walls, stand a few moments gazing down upon viz., "That our confinement, as it regards ourWe positively will not accept proffered selves personally, we care, not a fig; it is only our,. the imprisoned inmates, then quickly depart with aid at the hands of avowed, enemies to God's law eyes overflowing with tears. , One woman when families their anxieties, and the inconveniences and to His kingdom, that He has declared with they suffer, that we fare for, and which gives us . His own voice, He will set looking from the walls, and first seeing her hus up and usher in the uneasiness." band dressed like a convict, fainted away, and had fulness of times in this last dispensation. We I certainly feel, proud of my noble associates ; to be cared for by the Warden. Too many simi have a knowledge of these things, and no power lar scenes, which occur here, could bt told, but High Priests, Seventies, of their devotion and on earth can turn us aside. As for Mrs. Pratt the above is sufficient to illustrate this class of heroism; willing martyrs for the glory of God; wanting to tear out the bricks out of the walls, and 1 pray earnestly that I may be strengthened his other wives never lived in a prison experience. brick house, and in heart and mind to accomplish my share of this she would have had to wall: one mile to tear out While taking my accustomed exercise around my labor, Apostolic Gospel magnify peculiar adobies from the walls of some of his other, over the hard, beaten gravel path, lying along side of doing wives' and fail in Priesthood, particular miles into the houses, and also thirty-fiv- e nay prison walls, nine rounds of which are equal for promoting and sustaining is whatever required as to a mile, I am not unfrequenjly reminded of the of his some lived there on a country, family, -- of our the I Heavenly-ather,irrthen purposes farm, and not many years after we came here, Mr. 7 caged animals I have noticed in a menagerie, ever and Church His of terest people. and Mrs. Pratt moved south some 400 miles, tb tramping to and fro around the iron bars and I Lorenzo Snow. "St. George, with her family alone. Mr. Pratt was wooden cage. However, there are some interest 9 devoted to the Gospel which he had ing points in this enclosure, from which we secure embraced; a on went fine views of the mountain summits, some clothed he missions. ANHe crossed REMARKS AND STATEMENTS great many in their lively and beautiful vesture of charming the sea to sixteentimes the AND carry , SWERED message of life -REFUTED, and salvation to other nations, and was faithful in green, while others, are seen mantled and glistento Commit the Senate Mrs. Newman made As by in the sun's sparkling light of the pure, the good works to the end of hisdays, as his writings ing A to tee means for now show and testify of, and will give the lie to of fhe United States, procure white, the beautiful snow. As we gaze with n not who are but of women, us, his "fiendish actions;" he was also temperate in rapturous delight upon the lovely scene, so grand Church the of withdrawn have Jesus from all things, and a manof unselfish motives. and picturesque, we forget for the moment that " Latter-da- y Saints. Christ, of It seems to displease our opposers that we vole we are convicts,torn from our families; our sacred liberties and divine rights wrenched from us by unitedly. When our candidate is a good man we I am a plural wife of the late Honorable Orson the fierce, unrelenting hand of cruel oppression. Pratt, and know the situation and affairs of my cast our vote -for him. We are well acquainted with his daily- life, and if this man possess the But as we turn from this lovely and enchanting family better than women abroad, having been Spirit of the Lord, it makes him still the belter. scene, we are quickly reminded of our situation, connected with the family alluded to since the Our motto is, "In God we put our trust." "United as our eyes rest upon the dark and sombre walls, year 1845. I became acquainted with Mr. and " we stand; divided we fall." by which we are environed, and gaze upon the Mrs. Pratt in Nauvoo, and she gave me many iron bars of our prison, and away aloft we notice We will just suppose a case. Suppose we try pressing invitations to visit her, and talked to me our Guards upon the watch towers, or treading to freely on the principle of plural marriage, and it to get into Mrs. N's peck measure; we would and fro upon the walls, armed with loaded guns, seemed to be in full accord with her feelings that stand head an.d body above it; we can't crouch inwhile at the same time our ears are saluted with I should accept Mr.L Pratt as a husband. I be to so small a compass. And now if the world's the heavy and clanging sounds of the ball and lieved the principle to be of divine origin, and in people and the Christian women of the Methodist chain dragging; wearily along the gravelly ground; its saving folds ! enlisted for time and all eternity, Church have appropriation money to give to and then again when we notice ourselves 'dressed and if I am faithful to my husband and to my women like Mrs. Pratt, who has several thousand as convicts, we are brought to a full sense of our covenants I shall go into his presence, and that dollars out at interest for her support, and leave and we And condition. feel strange their own starving poor to suffer mothers in their of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and all the holy yet, peculiar that we are innocent of crime; that our motives throng; of this I have no doubt. own cities, towns and villiages under the influence have been pure, and consciences clear, and that From the time Mr. Pratt took other wives, Mrs. of liquor, starving children clinging to their torn during many long and weary years we have sacriPratt, the first, never knew want. The people skirts, young girls, once fair and innocent, ruined ficed the enjoyment of love and happy homes, o f were driven out of Nauvoo in 1846; his other by unprincipled men, that gloat over their down loving wives and children, often jeopardizing our wives lived with Mrs. Pratt and waited on her fall, while they can move in fashionable society lives in prder to engage in awakening people sitthrough the journey to Winter Quarters, 'and among these very charitable ladies in the east in ting darkness, from their sleep of death, and while there she was supplied with a barrel of why do so, but don't credit it to the relief of the them to the way of life, to our Father God, point sugar, fine flour, hams and other necessaries, and "dependent wives of the polygamists in Utah," for to the fountain of none such will respond. Your state of society .. had her own carriage to ride there in. In 1847 intelligence, to everlasting peace and exaltation. And notwithstanding we Mr. Pratt came with the pioneers to this valley, j we repudiate.- - We hold dear the virtue of our fcave been thrust into In 1848 Mr. nd Mrs. Pratt went to England, and sons' and daughters. The mothers of this com prison by the will znd sanc - -- -- - and-priesthoo- ; . grief-stricke- n , , - a-- - . J "da-voi- ' . y s, , . . . i. anti-Aformo- . -- r - 