WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Wayside God's acre. Alone here, I offered a sifent tribute of gratitude to One above, that our ioved onesrhad been left undisturbed; and as I e Went from one to another of graves, I wept for the many mothers who, perhaps, like me. had laid away their first born there, and not been permitted to visit the sod and consecrate them selves anew to the work of God. Words cannot r tell the anguish' of the., young mother 'when she consigns to the silent tomb the idol of her earthlv affections, and when she leaves behind theconse- -cratedgrouna lorever. After wandering-u- p and down and listening to the cold March winds, whistling among the dry branches of the trees, we wended our way on foot, for not even a carriage can pass through the winding pathway, repeating from Tennyson's "In ' , Memoriam," the-littl- their outgoings and incomings,- their existence in these mountains has proved that the blessings of by outsiders, who have expressed an opinion on the document as one of the. ablest papers ever put forth by the Church. the heavens and the earth have not been withheld They have abundant cause to be thankful, and we believe they are. -- ' In words like needs I'll wrap me o'er, Like coarsest clothes against the cold- ;-But that large grief which these enfold ' Is given in outline and no more." r : Phinehas Kimball, Esquire, lives on the place once quite famous 'for its beautiful grounds, near the Nauvoo "landing, formerly owned by Hiram and sons are Kimball, his brother, whose-widwell known in Utah. The house has been greatly enlarged, though the bid part, as it is called, is still standing and in good condition; Mr. Kimball seems to beabout the ablest, andwe were toldr also, the wealthiest man in Nauvoo. He made many inquiries, about his old friends and acquaint-- ; ances, and spoke with particular affection of . Brigham Young. We were pleasantly entertained at his house a part of the time, and both himself and daughter drove with us atdifferent times about the city. There is a newspaper published weekly called The Nauvoo Independtntj but the outside pages are not printed there ; think of one weekly paper aod half of it not local print. - In summing up the sketch of Nauvoo,.we must mention the drawings in crayon we saw of the Temple after it had been burnt, as it stood then in ruins, and of the column or corner that stood alone to mark the magnificent edifice after the wind had blown down the main part left from the fire. They were perfect gemstaken on the spot by a German artis t. He would not-- part with them, and we entreated him to have the drawings photographed, which v he promised to do. There is much more to tell, but the article is already too lengthy, and we will take up the subject at another time ow THE ANNUAL CONFERENCE. The Conference at Provo, on the 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th of April, will long be reme'iftbered by those who were privileged to attend it, as a very At no lime, enjoyable and instructive one. Saints have been in the mounprobably, since the tains were there fewer of the General Authorities on the stand. The quorum of the First Presiden cy was unrepresented, and only four of the Twelve Apostles were in attendance. Those, however, as well as all the other speakers, were inspired to deliver words of comfort and admonition to the people who assembled.- The beautiful new Utah Stake House waS crowded to its utmost capacity, and there was a depth of feeling on the part of the Saints, which could not be mistaken or misunderstood by even a careless observer. The Epistle of the First Presidency, the reading of which occupied some three hours, was a logical and eloquent statement of our position before the world. It abounded with sentiments calculated to cheer the hearts and strengthen the faith of the Latter-da- y Saints wherever they are found; it contained a vast amount of practical instruction for their guidance in the fulfilment of their duties, and its sound reasoning and great strength,as an argumentative defense, have caused it to be regarded - 173 THE AX FALLING. Within the last, few weeks there have been a number of nominations 'to offices in the Territory of Utah. The first to hand in his resignation, whichjvasno.t done, however, until it was asked for, was t Governor Murray, whose policy of obstruction-during the late session of the Legislature, and "open enmity to the best interests of the community became at last so outrageous that the national Executive was compelled to relegate him to private life. He found a successor within the borders of his own state Kentucky fn the person of Caleb W. West. Next in the order o" prominence and of general; interest came the humiliation of that brilliant legal light, Judge Orlando W. Powers.- President Cleveland was shrewd enough not to wait until the Senate rejected the nomination. He withdrew it before they : took any action on it. Marshal Ireland, of un-- . savory fame and conspicuous effeminacy, was not the feeling his course long Jeft :in.doubt,as-4o'- called forth. The very day his term expired, President Cleveland sent to the Senate the name of his successor, Mr. Frank H. Dyer, of Park City. In addirion to these, some other. changes have been made, which excite more 6r less inter- - , est. . Govern chairman ot the Utah. is it Commission, who, said, has insisted on resigning for some time, has finally been relieved of his duties as a member of that very useless but costly piece of machinery. General McClernand is named to fill his place. General McCook, who has been in command at Fort Douglas for some time past, has been "promoted." or at least changed to Fort Leavenworth. - So many changes in so short a time have been very rare in the his tory of Utah. - -- RETROSPECTIVE. ftistory is being made very rapidly nowadays in Utah. In after years it will almost seem incred ible that so many events of interest connected with the Church could have transpired in so short a time. The Saints are having daily manifesta tions to convince them that the Lord meant-whaHe said when He declared that He would have a tried people. During the last eighteen months great changes have taken place, and the end is not vet. As if it were not' sufficient that ruffianly deputy marshals were allowed to come and go and carry out the mandates of the. court in their own brutal and manner, influence was brought to bear to secure the presence of a larger body of military in our midst, and a portion of these were jised to bring to this city a captured and wounded prisoner. The arrest and punishment of a man to the full penalty of the law,for living with and acknowledging his wives, is not now considered sufficient, and the "segregating" process is resorted to, according to which any man who is considered guilty once may be indicted a dozen times or more for the same offense. The first wife, she who is considered by the world the- legal one, is now compelled, contrary to all principles of law, to testify against her husband as to his family relations, "Raids" continue without' any cessation, and it would seem that no "Mormon" domicile is safe from the intrusion of the minions of the court. The people are .indeed becoming a tried people, and they are being compelled to learn the lessons of patience and forbearance. On the other hand, God has been good to His people. He has brought them to this land of plenty,and made their feet fast in the valleys of the mountains. The fruitful soil and streams of living water have not been denied them, and in all t un-seem- - ly NOTICE. Members of the Deseret Hospital Association are respectfully notified that next month, May, is A a 4 rv a ( rr ran aw !nnr t It At r cnfcrrirti"vr o tention to this notice will much oblige, H. B. Clawso.v, Prest., T E. Howard, Ass't Sec. 1 , . OUR CHILDREN. One of the most forcible remarks, at the late General Conference, was made by Apostle John Henry Smith, which was, in substance, that the were probablyundergreater condemnation for neglecting to teach their children the things of God and lead them in His ways, than for any other thing. How this sentiment should strike home to the heart of every father and mother in this Church, as a reproof to some, a warning to others and a new impetus to all. Is there any other gift or blessing wjiich the Lord bestows upon us in this; life so precious as our children ? Emphatically no! And snail we, dare we, neglect this greater gift, while we pet and foster lesssr ones? Had such neglect never been known among the people of God in this dispensation, should we find infidelity among the young in Zion? I cannot lunk we would. And what must we teadour little ones, as a afeguard against the insidious wiles "of the destroyer of souls? Teach them this one principle pure, Jrue, heavenly love. Is love all, then,, that our children need to be taught? "Perfect love casteth out all fear." Where no fear is found, perfect confidence must be established. What more remains to be done, that salvation may be secured, where perfect love of God and perfect confidence in Him exist? Jesus said, "If ye love hie, ye will keep my commandments." This comprehends the whole matter. If we so live that our children may love us as they should, will they not follow our admonitions?; In almost every instance they will, and if our examples before them are blameless, though some of them should go astray, we can feel that we are free from censure. We are not capable of teaching our children the pure principle of love, if we fail to make it the rulinsr' attribute of our own lives. Can a husband and wife who are in the habit of disagreeing expect to see real harmony among their children? Love and harmony are not to be enforced. OfeV must live in hearts, nr thev rannnfsparkle from eyes or speak from lips. There are. some things that children may be compelled to do, but there is only one way of educating them to love one another and delight in doing each other good. This comes of constant training; and the one best method in teaching it is by parental ex ample. There is not a commandment which has been given us of God, but is replete with love in all its bearings. And all our instruction to our children should be given in the same spirit. Parents should never be afraid of letting their children know how dearly they are beloved ; this cannot in any wise diminish the respect a child should feel for a parent. Yet some fathers and mothers seem fearful of allowing the least familiarity with their children, lest by so doing they may lose some power of control. I cannot think it possible that such could be the result of loving thoughts, how Latter-day-Sain- ts - 