'si 'tire jratheriog .... cereraonions.Jea.ve yihile the strong and valiant nwihertjnade tte offering herhabo bean to improve, and only; a few day.bsifDXC, another it-flightf. from tliis sorpure spirit hatUaken rowing vale of. tears, and another'doting heart aliiio.;r broken as she followed it3 little 5 aai Miserere, I .V Jrxe-- i . THAT (THIS) riCTURE. The sun. is setting lVa mass 0f dark clouds that threaten to pour-- down, drenching us and iu the spoiling1 the '''sugar cane 'how. over-rip- e "' fields. ' ' V ? ;;V" ' - ' ' The fruit. trees' mav Ki never loaded, they bear nothing for me. i ne grass nun may iook picturesque now, but one cloes'n't hanker to go ins"idef for they look From the white cottage at my feet," a woman comes. out witn piowsy Jieaa ana her one article of -ciotning, ner aress, tucked clear to her waist. . "Un-;tfd- y.- - ' . - 4 - gutterals of theiGerman. They.CQmraen.ee their.. everbsting "practice over at the Mission House, and I am glad to in to " . i r JfO" uie and aarKness noise. wjr ... Insidei I t step wry careful! r. -fftrTonr nf i;ei..ri,: v uijiuiu j T If'AFaflclering scorpion. .or centipede. . r. .i . n i i ... t .tmc nave ai au.ioncjy, i plenty of company i, in TOice.rrats, scorpions. ccnUoedcsj 'mrlffAarhA.1 fleas. 'mosauitoes- limrrk: 'ahI1' miHUtic-jAl (hese are not visitor,-bu- t of my little 12 foot square room. The neighbors' children whinq leepilylhe dogs bark lustily, the lamp, burns dimly, and thus commences another evening ' ' " away frorn hbrneand Utah.'. - - - ' J .w-- -:' ts '' LUIS- , : i -- Pitfcin,-who-cam- ; ; ch d Mis-sou- rr - . . -- f " , , ; , y - - hu-maj- y : 'su'n' lowers, the, frisky, mosquito 'sails 1 round head. humrningly my go out for a breath. ot salt air, and admire the sea. jn, the- distance, ;wish1 ing the' dis'fa'qce was a deal "less, qr it is- too ' far for me'to walk down therei 'the natives go horae7 shouting to each other'in their harsh lorrd 'uSmusical voices, makinc th; smooth yowql? of 'tlieir sound like the language ' - - ' -- bvdirtv Chinamen. ' Astne .an' evening meeting Aejd atniy: motherV who1- had met ' With .one "of the sist us hut little; teeliilg the spirit resting upon her to speaK'in tongues, arose an,a Degan talkmaj ;;. iho-chur- Tittle valley is filled' with rice fields,. tended 'or b7' centipedes. ""; it all from'the devil.'r: ' A'C . . 1 -- Vniinf'pd ; i 1 .:. ; the .dear little innocents. hos'e snirlu nc.:iido-- up' to the "Father, bearing re- cord of the inhumanity and "wron which had ' first very quietly "In a'raoment her. vn? been met with m this world by tnose.wuo ren- ichangeilasjdid rWfTnivdiirir?f to the trutbsjrevcaiea-i)yan- e movements were such that th&re-m!o - ' WM Tin . "V blessfed redeemer for the salration of the was which taking the spirit 'operating upon famify, and had;b?en' driven from their were Two threewhb or her. 18 present had tie of bleak month homes in . the Febrdary und of. theysaid with one gift. interpretation, to suffer in tlie.wilderness in' so cruel and heartaccordHhat she uttered nothing4 but the most The sweet comforter wa3 .still less a mann-- r. wiuiteu uiaspnuiuy.- - jlui. iuu lasieu only an with U3, and from Ynat datethb destroyer was ' e .instant a3!luier Laura into : ;; staid iu ouriiouse. at. tact beginning, arose and took ' Among ' the - marvelous instances o f faith hold of:herJarnvand in a.iuie,t but commandwhich I 'witnessed, was. in the family; of lro. tone hade;l,ier fit. down.-.- , She drappc-- into ing Lyman Wuitney,. n brother of' the Bishop" her chair as suddenly ;ai though ;he, had reLyman was then at work in the state of ceived a blow, and covepug, her.fa.ee with her One of his babes-it- 3 mother; hein his hands groaned, aloudj aa lhoargh, realising what second wife was lying sick unto death. 'She she had done. No one spoke orx movednnd in told: us that it had not swallowed any thing a . moment alter she. arose and left . the, room. for two daya, and its eye3 were dried up so Ih'at rnm it had not been able to.cloe them' for rwiue in spirit, that she could not be. induced to again time. ':My. mother, Mother Whitney Srah rise to speak in a meeting. . , t t- und one ortwo v t''i'u'tr.. Ann, Sister. Pregendia,-myseln l.j.. more, were rjaliod to goand administer t'c( the ' from above ;ahd "beneath; which were similar to sick babe. Sister Preseudia,. first. moistened its jvhat the.; Propliei'T'h'ad.;;tneJiedr but .which eyes with milk and. water, then it was washed to that time,;'I had taken hu little and anointed, and as many as could, laidjiinds: previous notice ' of. ' Joseph said that the' devil could ' upon it, and all of us unitedly raised our .hiarta. tal k in 3. a'rid 'that ho could appear tongu 'any ; to, God in its hehalf, Presendia. being rmouta. dike a gentleman, or m ny form he pleased. AVe had no wjoner said amen, than ,it opdned Also that iio one would' ever :eriter: into the its eyes and began to wmk; and lool; around, "celestial kingdom without, having1 to meet and ana soon atter n .tooK. noumnrueiK., ;j.ne combat with that power, either in the flesh or mother and her sister '.who were living together, after they had paired out of it, and that luY were bo Lh charged to watch it "closely, and' not ' forces would be strengthened1 and increased lea.ve it alone for a moment, or the'destrWer in proportion to the. progress that was bewould grasp' it."; Thcy vatched "it. faithfully.' just This-- is easily . 'made through thO'rest of the day and dtirliior (hat ing enough- understood by Ivatter-day- - : Saints, or : nTght, but as it appeared ho much better in'the 1. i j i j t . tnas jonoeriaKen wno a uy Teiormauyn auy pu9 morning, mey, not realizing now' tne aesiroyer inM the. right direc- was lying in wait for it, left' it sleeping iii its, or to accomplish a victory. .dradle long enouglf to go' into art adjoining The slight experience that I gained at that room to breakfast. When the mother refurned ' she found it struggling in the arms of death. early period gave me a little inslghti-thougThen she fully realized - the meaning of the in, a very small degree, into the workings of Afterwards when I was out words of warning' which had been spoken by .the two. powers from under thatspiritual or heavenlydnflyence, the spirit and power cf the Holy. Ghost. I jreraember instances: Wherein the 'evil one I made this expression,' that T wanted no, more entered persons that' were not sufficiently posted Jicrht or sniritual manlfMtah'nris for, fear I not having had enough experience to be able should, have ,to meet the prince of darkness. to distinguish the difference between the..opera- - Bat I had to. meet.jhim, a, y?ar.or sprom that tions of the and evil.: THere date, and, , Ii: went trough,, a r schooling that brought .conviction,, and r impressed . indelibly , are those Jivingsister E, k; Wells, being one ofth9j number who , will, readily .testify ta .upon.my. lieart. the trutk of this wqrk, and thata ;these,statements;"iie following I heard from Satan with all hia."power ;and cunning, was Sisters .Presendia, . Laura .Christine, Sarah r deceiver; also.thatbur thonfffc to hi m only as we u ttered t nem an5 therefore The.. circum; Lawrence KimbalLand; wiers. we; h'a ' the advantage oyer" Hm, when wise stance transpired one evening thft hrtiiU nf Sister Mlerwhpse name istnow Finchwhere cuuuu lu Keep siieni, ana .wecou'd pray w wccim-;nt- t3 who wai' all power-- uwpg neiu. Anew sisters wnr, the Father in' bur heai; .3 a1 x AnaXrna fnl nml nKlt n n came liad not ,feen. presenrat "any of the previous ;m0etins;;' anJ tV.o; or three of thera it of His children. ' was said, had made light of'them, and the ift The: Jexrencehad atAViriter Quarters of t0ngue3;.etc.; which the sisters; testified tEey taught me thatlt 2s Only through obedience had frequently enjoyed with a great andgreat humiUatio'oro'epeeially "througk ofihe Holy Spirit.- - Satan, it seems, outpouring came5 &Uo,: vdould bbiaia any and they aver' that jbis face and shoulders were' fastirJg';ariil.raycr,?lhat manifestations from on high or the power great plainly visible' 'through the" window. They hot" to enable us to overcome' the advereary . only saw him, but heard" his awful footstep? as -- wor hi, uouid- we as;a people,; lay aside aroutfd the ou'tsicle of the house; after arid own evil natures into Bubfection there were individuals attacked, and the' to bring. 4ur which would .'make, us. of n0 thatlBpiritt" so terrible, that it was power W heart and.one mind, and. only by to dial that mighty fvtth and the power of the priesthood is required of the Saints yaliant .God. Iiknaw that that .the .destroyer was rebuked from we would.not .be long, as.; we are. aowendiog their midst. . At hi first: under. the, ypke of .oppression,: but; jr.ogld soxnoho had j arpeafanW, never before witness, a. conflict with the evil , beeorne peoplewh.om, we,Jiiv(e fceeu told seaion.'and wide cif a cll-- ia ness enwraps d: arnis, and; then go sofUy ta with the fito,: tones of the voices still reaching toy cars I And so-- , the tropical glory of the sunjetsj)jicemorc ' . Now : gaze on j; having.; mingl.ed,.: before With them, pro' ' ' hill-sid'.which body to that lonely spot on the had been d edicated as Alburying ace. for the dead. Thofc weary pilgrims could, rest for a L.mia- - ;tu?. . . e .xscc W fir. L ji .. I, listea iar:ih .. hcjd;the ground,;.till thc'yicwry, was gained and the tvil one cait out Froni this circum' stance went forth, a false jcuuior concerning the msetiugs pf the sisters, '.started, by 'tliose who : - - ' . ;i . ' : . h . : i i SCENES1 AND INCIDENTS AT - . . WINTEIQUARTEIIS. , BY DEEN. MAR WniTSiY. , -.j.-'..- - (.Continued.').. j mother's and Sarah's babiestliewhich so 'peculiarly operated Upon by were destroyer' "continued sick' from; that' time; and it ' seemed tts i death wits rJeternimlprl mUV'?iW7rZ'i ""V Ul, Kv,k-Will, mo yuisi, some oi tne litne,. and then. St would bb xny rnother'3, land the witnessing the young "mother's "grief, Who" plainly saw hier infant failing day by day, ad : touched raymotK'er'a 'tender heart' that 'she made up her mind to make 'an offering of her :m.iv.-uHuiuusiuucu as ine jiora required one of them, praying as she made the , saqri6eQl,that He in His tender mereynif, ft V4JU1U wo.acoepble: id His $ight might take hers and. i spare Sarah's. , Did this not mark of jhe elect of ..W God,. who fought lue nean, ttie world and thrt a.r""."1 "fca8,f f.'e . '. . . 1 4-- . -- - -- - tufd . a 3tfQ y,m-irfi- were supplied, with that to sustain the and subtle foewhose being :made manifest From the moment "that 'mf y? com,-VftAiera- Vr? in"ouf midst. fco " - j. -- tat OiginaingjUoddonQr, onl.Diithe go Wet but by the J?W of his highness, and they took a sudden ; un- - of the whole earth. not .Gre4,JUgiver 