WOMAN'S EXPONENT. G6 She brought life was one agony of fear. with suffer ,her, and children into the world to she saw the last cent of her property melt away. But she never for an instant thought presented to Queen Victoria than live w itlt a man who abused me, or whose very touch was pollution." . I know a southern womana member of one of the oldest and most aristocratic families of Alabama, who "says: ''There is no indignity I of leaving him, nor wcmld her family have consented had she wished to do so. They all be-- " 1 ie ved h i m to -- bo . a - mu rd erer j theykne w hi in would not bear, rather than do so" unladylike a to be a thief; that her hftuwas a prolonged ture no one denied. Yet all. this was as noththing as to leave my husband." This lady's life is exceptionally pleasant! ing compared with the "disgrace" of a divorce. Eler relatives supported and pitied her, but Her husband 13 devoted to her, has abundant . means, and her wish is law to hira. Possibly, had she. refused to endure her torment longer, wero she differently situated, she might see not one of them would have receivedor countenanced her. Finally he died, in a fit of dething3 in another light. At present she belongs to the large class of shielded, protected lirium tremens, and she was free to gather up the fragments of her shattered life and make women, wIiq bayonever felt tho rough blasts of life, and have neither mercy-nopity for the .most of them. Twenty years of life with ' a murderer, a thief, and a drunkard, to avoid their less favored sisters. :. These two women represent two extremes of the disgrace of a separation! 7 Northremains in the woman of "where From view, This my point "happened thought. manhood with ern woman 13 right, and the Southerner, the position where the defereuce of her her superior education, elegant manners, placed her;" in the country which "stands on her cultivation and accomplishments, and her a much higher plane than the north;" where rare opportunities for society and seeing the the "outrage, or murder of women so rarely world, is, as one of Charlc3 Egbert Craddock's stains the criminal records." characters would say, "fairly sodden in igno It .would seem to the impartial observer rance. that-- a . little agitation' of "woman's rights" The article in your Ashevillo correspondent; would be a good thing among people whose in Woman's J ouiinal for August- - 28, has judgment is so warped. In short, thatjt might moved mcto tell Eome things that I know of be better not to be presented to Queen Vic' the condition of the higher class of Southern toria. TRUTH- Swomen, "the idols to whom every knee bows." The women of whom ''Asheviile" speaks are of the lower classes. At least, tho men who CIVICS AND WOMEN. hold them in bondage have the excuse of ignorance. But the women whom I have to tell of Editor WoiTAN's Journal: are educated, refined, cultivated. Their pedigrees antedate the Revolution. The men of is from the Boston Woman's The their families have boasted of their chivalry Journal:following tor- . r " . . no careful and thorough preparation for the .; work.' "The denial of the right of suffrage to a large majority .'of our people is a direct:viola-tioof those principles upon which our government is foundad, and which are dear to ' n every American neart. "The social evils which are underraininj? thfl best interests of ourcountry pan never properly be settled or adjusted until justice shall be assured by placing the ballot in the hands of all our citizens under proper restrictions. "The proper settlement of the great question' which involves the material and moral interests of this land more than any other, viz the liquor traffic, can never be arrived at until that large class whose prosperity and happiness aro largely dependent upon this settlement, viz., women, have an equal voice in its adjudica- , tiOn. ' Here is an opinion that has weight, coming from a man in his position (Principal of the Potsdam, N. Y., Normal and Training School) ,who is not trying to advocate woman's rights, " but only stating an educational principle. " E. L, Benedict. - New York, Sept. 10, 1880. Y. L. M. J. A., UTAH COUNTY. Report of the meetings held by the presidency of the Y. L. M. I. Associations of the Utah Stake of. Zion in the southern part of the county. Minutes of the Y. L. M. I. Ar of Springville, held in the' meeting house, Sept-1- ' 1886 with President Hattie Daily presid- for generations. ing. After the opening exercises, President Jennie Tanner advised the young ladies .'to "I know a pretty little lady, a wife of two Principal E. H. Cook read a paper on "Sys ely now-barpast tem aticrHabi t in Ed ucation, 0 r Th e Study 0 f preserve their health,the greatest blessing aside is from from virtue; also to spend their time in reading who horrible a Civics in Our Public Schools' before the New disease, sutFering twenty, tho gift of a profligate husband. She is pure, York State Teachers': Associations at Niagara such literature as would refine and tend to their advancement. lovely, and ..religious. She has no idea of the last Jul v. The following is airTextract: Mrs. M. J. Tanner spoke of th beauties of her of Her nature complaint. physician' tells who the to "How the can are supply girls her she has been poisoned by ivy or poison oak. Zion, ard closed by advising all to guard well for the teachers the of coming their actions, treat strangers with civility, not Parents, husband, and physician all unite to large majority the teach of fe&r because citizenship deceive her subject to be given to forwardness and intimacy as if she knew of generation thy her husband's vileness, she would be so shocked without any knowledge thereof? they would be led astray. would well to as "I asjto and horrified that she might refuse to live with give Miss Evlyn Billings advised them to profit every girl a the so boy prepara-- ' thorough training ip hira, and "disgrace tho family." When he every by the instructions they had received and to lion for citizenship which: the coming generais absent from her, intent upon vicious pleaprize their virtue, a jewel that when once lost will from tions demand them. here let And could never be restored, and one false step sures, she writes him a loving letter every and me individual farther that his kisses go say every taken would lead them to destruction. picture, and prays for hira morning, before hira have an must student Her inducement, own look on Similar meetings were held throughout the apparents every night. in to earnest order become faithful in und the Southern part of the County. provingly, willing to see their child sacrificed work. life for rather-thaon tho altar of vice, n have their preparation Spanish Fork,-- Tuesday, Sept. 14, President "Take away from the boys of our land the Banks annals stained with the "disgrace" of a separatpresiding; Salem, 3 o.clock p.m., i n al ienabl e r i ion.-gh 1 0 f th e ballo t, a nd ho w many I Sarah Sabin presiding; Payson 8 "o'clock p.m. of them will study with interest, value or Ida Coorab-Some years ego a lady of an old and aristo President; San taquin Sept. 15 the of our and its a married history "chivalrous pleasure cratic family country Emma Wall presiding; Goshen, Sept. 16, M. gentleinstitutions? man, who immediately assumed control of her glorious A. Price presiding. 'In order, then, to interest our girls in property, which was large, and was also enThe visitors were" entertained by the variou should they not have the same trusted with the guardianship of her younger wards in a cordial and hospitable manner, and cut-tis o held the : sitter. Some two iw three years after the boys, viz the found the Associations in a favorable condiof the she died to have v a tion although some of their meetings were not right governed marriage ry suddenly, soon after voice selection the in of those who will shall which' hira a left' all bef signing govern as well attended in the summer as. the winter possessions. Six months uft r her death he married them, which can only come through the ballot. season circumstances being such as to require "Wendell Phillips said: 'Responsibility eduthe younger sister- It wat then discovered them to be elsewhere, vet thev were energetic: that he had not only spent nearly all the first cates, and politics' 13 but another name for in in furthering "the progress of . taking part; God's of the masses wife's money, but that he had betrayed his way teaching ethics, under the work. trust as guardian, and had squandered the the responsibility of great present interests.' One op Them "I do not stand here as an advocate for second wiiaYprnpeity before he married her. Then many suspicious circumstances came to woman's rights, sometimes sneeringly A ftnn finer rVmrpn fnv th island of ArrD light, and it wa. s on believed- - by nearly all but for human rights, the right of every indihe voice to vidual hud tho family that by their suffrage who shall rule Scotland, is tho latest novelty, the Dnke of poisoned his first wife so that he might niurryiUc second and thus them. I say, then, that the first step to secure Hamilton, who owns Arran, having refused his defalcations. cover up He became a proper instruction on thi3 subject and prepare to'allow any United Presbyterians a place ot ' drunkard, iui his "drunkenness was of the the majority of those who arc U "teach in our worsnip on tne lsiauu. v ine mvuciu violent kind. Fur twenty years hi3 wife bore public schools, is to place the ballot in the be moored in Lamlash Say,one of the snuggest abuse a man that hands the of every pe rson of prop-- r age and inmaddened with drink is on the Scottish coast, and the memanchorages capable of heaping upon a woman. She sat telligence, and put the responsibility of its bers of the congregation will be palled on for hours with a loaded pistol held close to her proper use upon every individual. board from the shore in small bloats when the drunkard the "Without to the head, fire if she threatening proper and sufficient induce-men- t ship's bell rings at the masthead. The Dukes being extended to the largo majority of is an Arran(t) bigot, but his canny Scots tn-ant?M lf?ed many pigbte in negro quarters. Her our teachers who are women; therJ wtf be have outfitted hlntsRt. 3, ; -y- ears-Btandingbut-cven -- ' v these-institution- God-give- s, n - . so-calle- ' SfcMJ&V f 