WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 road. Henceforth she had to suffer persecution fluence at workv which had its effect in developfor her opinions. At one time she was deing the gay .thoughtless girl into a serious, prived of her1 children" and shut up in her noble woman. When she was in the zenith of and herglorypayoung German, Griinthler, apartments, but she made her submission ' " was 'studying" attheuniversityof 'Ferrara, w as pardoned for a time"" We may be surethat a court presided over by captivated by her charms, and ventured to make known his feelings to her. He was coldLUIS IttUJl .WU1U UdVCt UCUUIUC J I LUVUUWVf Hi ii ui-- i ly rejected but this did not prevent the disinyoung protegee studied constantly and assid But all the same she was- in, much terested lover from renewing his suit when the; danger of being spoiled now in the full lady of his choice was sharing her poor family's bloom of her beautiful girlhood,' flattered admisery and disgrace- He had now his degree of doctor of medicine, and was acknowledged mired, adored by poets, scholars, soldiers, to be very clever and Olympiads princes, by f very man .who came within reach s mplish-inentshe and his returned of her fascination. Her marvelous acco .worth, yes were opened to is extravaas into dons with love old his a tlie stirred even proved passionate fervor, "Their -" We used to hear .herie? after to letters her admiration. him by inarriage , gant exwhen he was obliged to go to Germany to seek claiming in Latin, improvising in Greeks a home for his bride. When at last he found plaining the paradoxes of the greatest orators, a temporary resting place, he returned for her, 7 She and took; with him also his wife's little brother her." writes Lona enthusiastic admirer. '' '' ." on lectures '. delivered Emilio. she when was just sixteen these abstruse themes. But this was not such After some months uncertainty the'Griiuth-ler- s settled down in the native town of the an extraordinary spectacle in the Italy of the ""'. be now. itCth .century as it would doctor, where they enjoyed freedom to worship It must not be imagined that'Olympia sought God in (heir own way, and led a calm, happy, only theapprobation of men. She formed' peaceful life, the lady attending to her domes tender friendships with . the noblest and best tic affairs, as she had but one maidservant,and teaching her little brother and the child of her persons of her own sexfriendships young' "fVll TtflIrtK umva j f hia loafti"! I fln1 o fir irArol in friend,: Francesa, who had been sent to her for was life. Her fellow pupil, the Princess Anna, instruction. In the evenings, when the docone of these friends, also.! rrineess .Lavinia tor's professional duties were over, two or three Delia Rovere. Another close companion of friends would drop in for a little music.in which her youth was Francesca Bucyronia, whose lot " Grunthler was skilled, when they often sang resembled that of Olympia, as she, too, became hymns . translated or composed in Greek by 2 'r;::' converted to the reformed religion, married a Olympia. The civil religious war that then raged in German, and went with him to his own counv try, -Germany caused. Schweinfurth to undergo a the in she remained as as cruel siege of fourteen months; a famine fever"" long Olympia Dnnal. njilsinp. , p.nntinnftd to "be like a naeran broke out in the town, and - poor Gruuthl er, her due, who worked like a hero among the sick, at goddess, receiving men's homage as still un in one no for but caring last fell ill with the terrible malady. Olympia particular; touched by the deep, religious sentiment wiucn watched by him day and night, praying inwas making itself felt in' the innermost circle tensely for his recovery, and he was spared to', of the Duchess's court. ' She wrote thus to a her for a 'time, but only to suffer more terrible misfortunes. The town was sacked, and the inena aiterwarus: Grunthlers, treated barbarously by the soldiers, "Had I remained longer at court it would have been all escaped barely with thejr lives, and suffered over with me and mv salvation: for never while I remained such hardshi pa : before reaching a place . o f ui mere coma i auam ine Knowicuuc ut imyimuK safety that Olympia's health was seriously imdivine, or read the books of either; Testament." paired. The good Protestant, Count Erbach. , Olympia was called home to attend her took in the poor, starving fugitives, and his IttUltT 3 KICK. Ut'U, UUU ilCl laiuuji juou uku wife nursed Olympia through : a feverrrrAfter seem to have fallen under the suspicion of this Dr. Grunthler was invited to a post heresy, for they were left to struggle with sickwas the and offered Olympia ness and poverty without aid if om the soveGreek chair in the University, which she dereigns; and after the death of the professor his clined. Then the Elector wished her to take daughter was not received back into the some high office in the train of the Electress, , palace. but Olympia could not be tempted from the The Duke was under the guidance of his domestic Her healthy hearth ever again; declined; she pined away and died croachments on his possessions, and the gradually at last, expressing her joy at being called to a Duchess was simply afraid to show any favor happier world. - Her noble husband did not to a family suspected of a change of faith, belong survive her, he fell the victim ot another ing herself under constant surveillance. Olympestilence, and the little brother died a few pia, in this season of adversity, which must days after him. So this devoted family were have presented a sad contrast to the happy, not long separated. They parted in deep sorrow joyous life she had left, behaved like a brave but awoke. to a deeper joy. devoted daughter and sister, and returned to G. S. Godkin. the distaff and the needle, the brewing and - Author of the Life of Victor Emanuel ' baking which she thought she had abandoned Lung' Arno Guicuardini, Florence.' for ever. She became strongly impressed by ' English Woman's Bev&w. the doctrines of the 'reformers, and from ..this time henceforth she was a profoundly religious woman. While Olympia was still at the court, THE HOUSE AT MIDNIGHT. she and "other liberal minded young persons had felt their interest excited in the fate of a A LA.Y SERMON THAT IS WELL WORTII vounsr man called Fannio. then in prison by whispers that have. no 'faint, that we hear only their" very stillness. far-awa- I a m 'n o t t i r ed - - . - well-informe- " " d ' '. -- . '' . . . - - in-Heidel- burg, ,. . - . , V lam n Inrn!iitmn ;K wK Karl jW1op l him as a heretic. The entreaties of his young l wife had Induced him to"rQcaut to save himself fiom the stake, but he repented of his recantation, and now declared his faith openly. During his prolonged imprisonment, Olympia and some other friends visited him, and nq doubt the con versa of a man" about to die the death of a martyr was such as to. make a lasting impression on her mind. There was another in - READTNG AT ANY TIME. - How quiet at midnight! The people who talk and laugh and "sing in it every day are asleep, and the people who fell asleep in it long ago comeback intuit. Every house has these two classes of ten in ts. Do we love be3t those with whom we can hmgh and talk the-house- and sing, or the dear, silent ones who come so noiselessly to our side, and whisper td us in . ' ," Bound, so b u t m y peii is r wea . ry and I raise my ht :ul. J Jt falls from I u uuu leave iuc j,uuic, amri my eyt'8 lail Upon a little book lying on the floor.-- ' It is a little "First Reader." Xlejeft'it - there this afternoon. I, remember jut :;liow I was impatient because' he could n;otk read. the simple little lesson such an easy, lesson and I told him it was a waste -- of ray time to teach him, and pushed him away from.ine. I reinembL-- now I see the flush come ink), the little tired face, the brave, cheerful' look in his eyesTrhis mother's brave, patient, cheeriness, strugglino' with his disappointment and pain. I see him lie down on the floor, and the little face bent over the troublesome little lesson, such 'a simple, easy lesson, any baby might read it. Then, after a little struggle alone, it has to be given' up, and tho baffled littl&,.soldier with one more annealiric look toward me for reinforcement sighs and goes away from the lesson he cannot read to the play that comforts him. And there. lies the little book, just as he left it. Ah, me, I could kneel down and kiss it' now as my-fingers- . r A - though-itIwererJiIiy- e li JindJoving. Why, what was my time worth to me What was there in the book I wanted to read f so precious to me as one cooing word from the prattling lips that quivered when I turned away. I hate the book I read. I will Were it the last book never, look at it again. world in the I think I would burn it All its words are lies., I say to you, though gracious all men praise the book, and though an hour , ago I thought it excellent, I say to you that there is poison in its hateful pages. Why, what can I learn from books that baby lip? cannot Do you know I want to go to the teach me? door of his room and listen; the house is so still; maybe he is not breathing. Why, if between my book and my boy I choose my book, why should not God leave me with my books? My iL hateful books. But I was not harsh. I was only a little impatient. Because, you see, his lesson was so easy, so simple. ;LAh, me, there were. two of us trying to read this afternoon. They were two easy, simple lessons? Mine wa3 sucS a very simple, easy, pleasant, loving one to learn. Just a linejust a little throb of patience, of gentle-- , ness, of love that would have made my own heart glow and laugh and sing., The letters were so large and plain, the words so easy and the sentences so short. "T''"did' not, .read one " line, aright. See, here is my. copy now, all blurred and blistered with tears and the heart- - " ttuuc, au ujducu uuu. luiaspeueu auu uioneu. x am ashamed to show it to the Master, and yet I know he will be patient vwith me; I know how loving and gentle, he will be Why, how patiently and lovingly all these years lie fias been teaching" me this simple lesson I failed But when my little pupil stumupon bled on a single word is my time, then, so much more precious than the Master's that I cannot teach the little lesson more than once? Ah , friend , we do was te time' when we pi ait scourges for ourselves. These hurrying days, these busy, anxious, shrewd, ambitious times of ours are wasted when they take our hearts away from patient gentleness, and give us fame for love, and gold for kisses. Some day, then, when our hungry souls will seek for Dread, our selfish god will give us a stone. Life is a sioi- i i 'v:u . pie, vaxy lesson; sucu as anyuiinarinn.y. You cannot find its solution in the ponderous tomes of the' old fathers, the philosophers, the investigators, the theorists." It is not on your bookshelves. But in thewarmest' corner of the most unfettered heart it glows in letters that the blind jraay read; a sweet, plain, simple, easy, loving lesson. And when you have., learned it, brother of mine, the world will be better and happier. Robert J. Burdette. to-da- y? one-hal- - -- to-da- y. . l-- -is y. . ' 