..- -, WOMAN'S EXPONENT. td.Ve-ceiv- EDITORIAL NOTES. The quarterly conference of the ReliefSociety of the Salt Lake Stake will be held on triday, -- June 25th, in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. It is expected there will be a verbal report from each Society in the Stake; either from the President, her counselor, or some other officer! have received a large and handsome bouquet of choice flowers, which cam soon after our arrival in the city, and for which we were deeply grateful. There is nothing more expressive of sentiment and affection than these, silent messengers, that Z are so beautiful to the eye, and so grateful to the sense in the sweet fragrance they bring. What would the earth he if it were not for the flowers ? The cultivation of them gives one a touch of kindliness and delicacy, for they require the most perfect care and constant attention. Mrs. Sears has a charming variety, and her .success with " plants, vines and "shrubbery" is no doubt owing 16" the thought and tender care bestowed, and they have repaid her Well. at-hom- . - ; , . establishment, growth and progress,-whicwe intend to publish; we shall also publish the addresses of the Chancellor and speech of Governor West. ,. RESPONSE OF THE "MORMON"! PRISONERS. . WEST'S OFFER OF CONDITIONAL AMNESTY. THEY PREFER PERPETUAL lMPRTSONMENT OR DEATH TO ; DISHONOR. TO GOVERNOR ' - ; a box of beautiful flowers received during our absence in mid winter, and most fully appreciated by the girls, though mother was not Orange blossoms and roses at a time when the earth was mantled with snow came like blessed harbingers of the happy future, and brought sweet thoughts and tender memories to cheer the hearts of all, The sentiment which came as a sort of introduction or "tie between giver and receiver, was beautifully suggestive. "If but a- pure drink of. water Is given in love lidyraptyimayTOTe a trueli'iinhVclratff" of our union. The good Giver will take care of his own children. Yours In faith as pure as the contents of this can. M. 0. K. could all have avoided imprisonment by. making the" same promise to the courts; in fact, the pen allies we .are now enduring are for declining to so promise rather than for acts' committed in the past. Had you offered us unconditional amnesty; dearly as - we prize the great boon "of liberty, it would have been gladly accepted; but, we cannot afford to obtain it by proving untrue"-toour conscience, our religion and our God. As loyal cilizens of this great Republic,' whose Constitution we revere, we not only ask for, but claim, our rights as freemen and, .it from neither local or national authority we are to receive equity and mercy, we will make our appeal to the Great Arbitrer of aJl human interests, who in due time V will grantus the justice hitherto denied. That you may, as the Governor of our important but afflicted Territory, aid us in securing every right to which Joyal citizens are entitled, and find happiness in so doing we ill ever pray. University From Mrs. Sarah Sears, eleventh' Ward, we To Mrs. M. Q. Kelting, of San Bernardino, we wish to express grateful acknowledgements for The proposition you made, though prompted 5 doubtless by. a .kind, feelings was not new, for w the Scientific' Course ; they were' 1 the first; e the degree of.Bachelor of Science, ia. the history of the University. After this, excellent music by the" orchestra then an address by Chancellor O. F. Whitney. Governor West made a brief extempore speech. The entire programme was an excellent one, and there was a great deal of applause. - The University- - singing class rendered a fine serenade, and Regent Stewart pronounced the benediction. Dr. Park, in his" address, gave a concise history of the Deseret in the District of, Columbia it is not at all likely Congress will make such a liberal appropriation i x the Territory of Utah. Utah Penitentiary, To ' . His Excellencyy Caleb W. Utahi Sir: On the AS WITNESS OU Lorenzo Snow, Abram H. Cannon, Hugh S. Gowans, May 24, 1886. Vesty Governor' 13th instant you honoredjhe of Ruoger ".' mates of the Penitentiary with a visit, and offered to intercedfor the pardon of all those enduring imprisonmenfcQn conviction under the Edmunds law, if they would but promise obedience to it ija the futureas interpreted by the courts. Gratitude? for, the "interest manifested, in our behalf claims from "us" a reply. .Wetrusr, however, that this will not be .construed into defiance, as our silence already has been. We havexiodesire to occupy a defiant attitude towards the Government, or to be in conflict with the NaUon's laws. ;We have never-be: even accused of violating any other law than the one under which we were convicted, and that was enacted purposely to oppose -- tmettomengT6E M. Henry W. NAisbitt. Stuart, L. D. Watson, Culbert King, Ww. D. Newsom, ' . H yrum Goff, H. Dinwoodey, Joseph McMurrin, ; Stanley Taylor James H; Nelson; Frederick. A. Cooper James O. Poulsenj Robert McKendrick, John Price Ball, Amos Ma ycock, ' Rob ert Morr i s, Samuel F. Ball, S. H. B. Smith, Geo. B. Bailey, Oluf F. Due, John Y. Smith, John Wm. Snell, Henry Gale, Thomas C. Jones, oiinBowen,. Nephi J; Bates, John Penman , Thos. Burmingham, Wm.xJ. Sanders, Andrew Jensen, -' Moyle,-Wm- Herbert J.. Foulger, William Grant, . en Helon H. Tra es Clawson-Jam- David i Geo. C, Lambert, George H. Taylor. Wallace Willey in- II ANDS VMTjrjENKINS, - ; We conscientiously believe in the doctrine of John Bergej Thomas PoRpHER " C. HGreenwell, plural marriage, ' and have practiced it from a Joseph Hv Evans ' firm conviction of itsbeing a divine requirement. James: E. Twitchell, Wm. IV Lee ' Of the forty-ninElders of th6 Church of Another Home Book has been printed and Latter-da- y Saints now imprisoned issued here, that is suitable for the libraries of Jesus Christ of ANOTHER STRONG TESTIMONY. our young people's associations. The Author is in the penitentiary for alleged violation of the Elder John Nicholson, and he wrote the took Edmunds Law, all but four had plural wives from' Editor Exponent: its passage to 35 years prior to its passage. We during his imprisonment in the Utah Penitentiary. were united to our wives for time and all eternity "After a number of weeks silence it is with The story is "The Martyrdom of Joseph Standthe inmost sacred in and by covenants, many grateful heart that I can again take my pen tc ing," and is perfectly- - true. The details were renumerous stances children have been born as a give" expression to a few of my thoughts, thanks lated to the writer by Rudger Clawson, and are" a result our of who. are to endeared us union, by to Bim'who suffers us , to be stricken and afflicted extremely thrilling and pathetic, and should be the strongest paternal tips. occasionally that we may learn the needful lessons perused by all the youth of Zion. Beside the narraWhat thepromise asked, of us implied you demore full)',. and to practice the virtues of patience, tive, the book contains a graphic description of clined to as the courts have done and endurance, and to- say, "In Thee alone I explain, just the. Utah Penitentiary, enclosure and buildings, when have been made to them for an 'exappeals trust.'.' A lesson that all - must learn sooner or its management and prison fare; also a, brief plicit and' permanent definition of what must be later, and nought but experience will .ever teach sketch of each of the Tare threnwho have been indone to Comply with the law. it. That no ohe may infer from this that I am sad carcerated there for conscience sake, or because The of the courts this under law rulings and desponding, I will say. that," though I'have have they havepjactically accepted the principle of been too varied and conflicting heretofore, for us been seriously ailing, "and enfeebled in body, hope plural marriageand believe it to be a divine to; know what may be the future interpretations. has never deserted me, nor the interest which I theory. The "Conclusion'' by the author is very The ' simple status of plural t marriage is now have so long felt, in this glorious cause'. finely written and verylmpressive, and cannot fail unaer tne maae, No one need despair when there are so many ' to have an effect upon anyone who1 will read it law, material evidence, in securing conviction for unlawful cohabitation', thus,, inrich blessings 'laying within their reach, shedding ' The Deseret Universitv commencement exer dependent of our act," ruthlessly forth rays of hope ' and gladness to cheer the " trespassing upon ' ciscs were held at the new University Gilding, . the sacred domain of, our hearts of all who haya mind to grasp them. Even religious belief. So far as cnnSnKanpp with May 27th. The Chancellor and Regents occupied the lowliest hovel may become a paradise when theplatform with the Professors and His Excellen.the sacrifice of honor and manhood, the adorned by these treasures OB whicha gold mine quires cy, Governor , West; : P rof. We igh e led t h e reputation, of our wives and children the yiolaV couM not purchase, nor all thAnti-"AIormon- " which discoursed sweet and select orchestra, tibn of sacredcpyenants, heaven forbid, that we crusaders, or Judicial powers that the evil one music. First of the programme, Wm. Allison; of should be guilty" of such perfidy: perpetual im-- . may send,have the power to rob them of. To such Coalville, delivered the Valedictory; next, an adeven even the monster death" is shorn of Its stingy pnsonment,with whiclive are threatened, 6r ' dress by Dr. R. Park,' Principal of death itself, would be preferable.'. ; ,.; Though we as 3 people , are being scourged, and : the Normal graduates; then a song- by Our wives desire no separatioafrom us and can Took fpr no clemency from the earthly powers " Mrs. M. F. ,Bassett--'dn- ce Agaih'Vne of her were we to comply with your request;-thewould that be, no' community ever had greater cause for best efforts. The second part of the programme" regard our action as most cruel, inhumaaand gratitude for the; numerous mercies, that are being opened with an essay by B. F. Howells, "Influand monstrous, our children would blush with, bestowed by the hand of a kid indulgent Father, ence of Passion." T. D. Lewis' read aa essay on shame, and we should deserve the scorn and coa ia these days of death, and destruction, which is SxralS. PrcfcPark adfrted this graduate in GJWpi df all tiftt" ami fattotJraWe vMn. . bfeg dcit 3ttt wiUhii WajfaYtf 'tb; tke inhibi- ; ; e - ; 1 9 , o . - : " : it l 1 