WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 46 raunilv teach their sons that if they destroy' the character and fairnamtof the female sex'they are from its organization, nearly nineteen years ago. She was one of the Boarc of Appraisers and a Pack, Presidentof:Jhe - All these , duties-sh- e faithfully discharged to the day of .her death. ofand generous to She was the poor, and gave freely of . her means. Her counsel was,; "Let us look diligently after the poor, that their cries may not ascend against us." She has" borne many faithful testimonies of the truth of the Gospel, and was desirous to be humble and .' faithful to (he end of her life. Her deathwas unexpected to many, but we, Counselor juiuuui iu lilt. JUtitiJ ui nit. uai- Saints-- . Why? Because man should be t. . 'j wtmidu piwiccror, auu nui ncr .Ncuuccr. aic outand cow so surrounded by Gentile influence siders that we are nfraid to trust our daughterst outside of home, or our- children. on the streets, for cow ' they often get insulted by men that are titht to walk in virtues paths; now we have For many .to bar our doors against thieves. years after we settled, here we had no fear of the seducer or thief. We left our doors and windows and walked through the streets in perfect safety. No one was idle; all foun,d employment. To bring a barren waste into as high a state of cultivation as our defamers find it, cost years of jjUuu 11 a nit ter-da- y - nr . -- - -- o-pr- and women with dilated eyes are readyto take' pur hard earned blessings and appropriate it to themselves. If there are persons who' want to leave Utah let their friends east fix them up a home there among; .their own class. I should think these wise Senators would wonder why these righteous (?) people want so much to gather iu v icin auu lli uui uitiu caiiicu uicaua miu iin-- n fingers. If they told the truth about us they nwuiu uvv ii. ituAivui iu vumg uci c auu it v., 1 v ilia! Aurn nArc f tKau s r r m urliara. tA. They think by throwing dust into the eyes of those, who make the1aws,that they will give them,J the minority, the full control of all moneys, and they can persecute the majority to their soul's Mav nnt thp rhrisl lan mpn and hated rontent. women, may not the Federal officers be trusted with $100,000?" For what? To sink this Territory into debt, to live in their, luxury and ease, to get the power in their own hands, to tax the whole people to support Gentile, institutions, that the people would not patronize. Could these hungey, greedy creatures go into any other community than Utah's people and be so barefaced? No; they would not dare do as they do here. If we were as mean as they say we are, we then could not come up to their standard for meanness; we dp not try, to rob them of their rights. It they do not like us, will they please to stay the other side of the great mountains and let us alone. The government could well afiord to give us Utah, for we have earned it, and this people, they will find, will be as "loyal" as any of her subjects. They might afiord to treat us as well as they do the Indians,, as long as they think we are not fit to live 'among white folks. Let all these fault finders have a place away from Utah. There is plenty of barren waste country-betweeUtah and California. This is the view I take of the "Mormon" question, and this is a good way to solve it; let us alone to mind our own business. We got along all right before they came here; we made roads and bridges and improved the Territory without their help, and before railroads, min ing operations ancr moneyed men came here, and if this raiding business was- put an end to the Territory would progress and build up much faster and would be freer from crime. The law as it is construed gives license to bad men and lets the guilty go free. ' v t- 1 1 -i -- n M. A M P IN MEMORIAM. Died, at Georgetown, Idaho, August ist, 1886, while on a visit to her sister, Mrs; Fretwell, of congestive chills, Mrs. Rhoda M. Carrington of Salt Lake City, in, the d year of her sixty-secon- ae. 0 In my Father's house are many mansions, were it not so, t would have told you." "And He will wipe away the tears, for there is no sorrow ' ,. there." . Sister Carrington has been a faithful and active member of the Relief Society ofhe 17th Ward Visiting-Committe- toMrs.-Juli- a e. always-thoughtf- ul with whom she was associated, could see how fast she fal!ed,and. many limes she has wept and asked us to pray for. her, for her trouble seemed more than she could ear. As her friends, we assured her that the Lord still loved her, and would over rule all her sorrows and troubles for her good. And in her death- - we feel that Father has been merciful to her, in that He has taken her from this weary world to a higher and better one. She was the mother of fifteen children, nine of whom have preceded her to the spirit world, three sons and three 'daughters' remaining to mourn her loss. Often, in speaking of the treasures she bad laid away, she has said, "Thank lht Lord I have nine saved ; I am sure of those." In fancy n -tr- -T1, "":t: can see her with her nine darlings around her, some of them babies all so glad that mother has come to them at last, andean imagine in the labor to care for them, and her joy-noafter a while to see them attain the . full stature of manhood and womanhood, one of the glorious works ofJhelmillenium. What joy can be greater than hers What reward more glorious than that to which she is entitled? A faithful wife, a fond mother, a true friend, what more can be said of a daughter of Eve? Yet her loving heart will yearn after those loved ones she has left here, and her happiness will be with complete only when they shall be ' her. 0 then, eaqhone knowing the love she bore you, live so that the love of God will fill your hearts, and that each setting-su- n you can think of some kind word spoken, or some good deed done. May her children all live that not one jewel shall be lost from her crown of motherhood; so that she can thank God that all her treasures are ' saved. She was kind to her friends in affliction. She came to me when thatdreaded disease, nearly fatal, took my baby from me, the first one lost from the home nest. I always think of her kindness words, though to me' all was darkness and night. Her last acts were those of love, nursing her friends, and standing by them, while the destroyer,, blighted their, hopes and : robbed them of a darling. Her funeral was held at the family residence, August 5th, i8S6. Apostle J. H. Smith bore an excellent testimony to her faithfulness and worth as also did Bishops Kesler and Tingey, The choir rendered, "Rest on the hillside." A large number of friends followed her remains to their W rest. Bro. Rodney Badger dedicated the spot, and we lett all that was mortal of Sister Carrington to await the resurrection of the just. " 1 Lydia D. Alder. Salt Lake City, Aug. 1 r, 1886. I to-da- y? re-unit- ed -- al--wa- ys nd-cheerful . SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. BY HELES MAR WHITNEY. (Concluded.) Tuesday the 26th, rather cold and cloudy weather. We arose early this morning' and ot started at sunrise. Proceeding 9 mile? f we forded a large tributary of the"Loop Fork," about eight rods in width, ascending a hill we A the old Pawnee villa yp nnnn:i. . uy r'""j'fjuniig our old lording place, uomg a mile further we passed a missionary station, consisting of five or six nuiiamgs; tnat nad been built ". ' Vince we were here before. TfTwas now entirely deserted, the Sioux W- ing paid it a visit about the last of June when they tore down the fences enclosing the houses, demolished the doors, stove in the heads of A thai theground and destroyed other property in -j""'fa behind we; went on a mile further and enp.m. near the Old Missionary camped station where we encamped on our journey.out In an ad-- " having come thirteen miles wo where. we iacent cornneld put our,t horses .1corn-mat nad not been v. gleaned considerable cntliprpfl. Some of the brethren aln OrM O quite a quantity to eat; ner the field there was quite a large patch of oats, which our Araeri-oa- n thnnrrK tUa nuite otreedilv. dp.vnnred' vO ' hnrs.ps J' " " j Indian horses did not care so much about it. i at2 to-da- y. - . - m . Brother Kimball To-da- y let me have hif place of John Buchanan's." i "mi ill journey ilmey luunul no;niug ine rest oi me Knt ttMtnn wood for their horses. to .feed.nhnn and in some places a scarcity of that. Friday evening near tneir camp ground they found a "liberty pole" raised by P. P. and John Taylor on this journey out. Pratt, .'1 Ci i: OAiU 1(1 i J they came to the "Elk Horn River," which they forded, and "after proceeding a. mile down the stream they encamped at 2 p.m. on its banks in a large grove of cotton wood having come about 13 miles that day. "This stream was very high so that we were obliged to elevate our wagon beds before crosi-in- g it. Immediately after we were encamped brethren were called together in the centre the of the riDg, where President Young said that ne wisnea to Know wno wantea to go aneau and if there were to Winter Quarters any sucii iy aris; uuuf, uuwever, uiu. au cat pression was then taken whether we .should all remain in a body, horsemen and all, and go into town together or otherwise; which resulted in the affirmation. President Young and Brother Kimball, then spoke briefly, stat-- ; r ing that they were satisfied with the conduct of the Pioneers during the journey of the past season, and soon after we were dismissed with the injunction to provide plenty of cottonwool ' for our horses during the night. " They arrived home early the evening following, Sunday, October 31st. When within mile or so of Winter Quarters "a halt was cai leucine company was arawu up j and addressed by President Young who then dismissed the pioneer camp with his blessiDg. Many of the brethren and sisters went out t meet them. They drove into town iu order and the streets were lined with men, womeo and children to welcome them "home again. was . When we saw them safe back our joy realequal to our sorrows. We could doubly fast ize why the Lord haefso moved upop us to and pray, uniting our faith as one in their as well as for ourselves during their aole33 than Konn AtUatU.haA 4 O UUU UV.U nnthin(r miraculou3that so many were, preserved to meet again, saying nothing of the prosperity which had attended us. Many of our people had previously : turned their attention to the such as , manufacturing of various articles, willow baskets, washboards, half busheK etc. which they sold to help themselves to a living and preparing for their journey the eoiniuj, ' 7 spring. No picture of despair had been visible, nor acwere there any doubts entertained of the complishment of the journey layiDg before uf, . A -T- to-nigh- , a-s- t, be-hal- f, l.) 1 