WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A LOVE SONG. ly presented by Mr. Edmunds to the Honor able senate and House of Renresentatives. We are at the defiance of the world to prove that the genealogies of the dead, Jhejmborn and the deceased have ever been represented at the ballot box. It is simply too absurd for people with good sense to pay any attention to. We should much like to know,if any one can tell us, when these women voted two or three times, to which Mrs. Stenhouse refers and Mrs. New? man quotes, that the solitary man was driving in the wagon, and what their names were, raanr women, wagon and all. Creatures of the O love, he said, if I might win Thy hand to clasp in mine alway, i O weet the Joy and strong my hopes, Thoogh rough or hard shtould be life's way; Thine eye should never miss my smile, Thylheart should never grieve a wrong; Like light and warmth our lives should blend, Our language, one sweet, sacred song. T ., . : L - O wprds so sweet, how could they fail; They woke love's answer in her heart, . They made her present joyous, and Grew of her very life a part. For her they lit the taper pure, That never dies while life endures, And e'en became the star of hope That still her troubled heart assures. . .... ! , " Fulfil thy troth,, man may not break So sacred bond at idle will, Lest she a Saint in heaven stand Confronting thee and loving still! How shall thy changeful mind reply IJer steadfast truth thou didst implore, For thou must meet it there and then, Nor turn away, or falter more. oyce Croch eron. OPINIONS ABOUT VOTING. Editor Woman's Exponent: In" reading the petition, of Mrs. Angie F. Newman, lately presented to the Honorable Seriate and House of Representatives in Congress assembled, I was much struck with the inaccuracy and falsehoods of which it is composed; and it is a matter of astonishment to me that a lady with the opportunities and intelligence of Mrs. Newman should know so little of a subject upon which she professes herself to be posted. Being myself one of the" two thousand who assembled in mass meeting to protest against theinvasion of our dearest and most sacred rights I felt that it was eminently proper that we should meet and protest; and whenever an effort is being made to rob us of that which is dearer than life our liberty we will ever be found emphatically protesting against such injustice. Mrs. Newman ayp, "Having a definite personal knowledge" I am glad she added "of the Gentile sentiment touching this question" because had she made these assertions of herselt it would have been something worse than igno rance. Mrs. Newman claims to be a close observer of the effect of female suffrage in Utah, yet she admits that Gentile women rarely vote, and it is from them she obtains her information. Strange that they should affect to despise the right of franchise, when so many are laboring so hard to attain it. And because" they do not choose to make use Hhe ballot, when they have it to right their wrongs, if they have any, is that any reason why our rjghts should be taken away? Supposing a party of men should refuse or neglect to vote because some one else had the privilege, would it be of any use for them to ask for legislation to take away the rights of others who made a better use of it? I think not. They would ony4)e laughedstfor their pains, if not considered fit subjects for a lunatic asylum, especially if they were found guilty of such consumnate nonsenaei as is to be found in the petition of Mr. Angie F. Newman grave J " -- noble-wome- n Several of the sisters made suitable and instructive remarks, encouraging the girta to persevere, and urging them to be true to principle and pure in thought, word and deed. Bishop Watson spok"c: very feelingly, and in a snirit'of kindliness cave the irls snnh ndvi as a; tender father would give to his own . daughters. Prest. Irvine made a few closing remarks, cniritnnl mnnifpsrino' f.lin nt.mrvaf. infmvst in ... ia an1 'liaa cnnAnA.Ii.l 11. gaining the love and esteem of the members of the association, and can therefore exercise a greater influence for good. ; An excellent cri - I also am a close observer of the effect of woman suffrage in Utah, and f positively affirm kind to take place; we have no occasion to resort to trickery, we have, always been the people. Then those -- mules-sho speaks of, when were they christened, and who performed the ceremony? We do not believe in christening. It must have been a curious sighto see" them vote; I wonder how they managed it. I have read of Balaam's ass speaking with a man's voice, but to see an educated mule vote would be enough to consign thenass the oblivion he deserves. Surely the great law makers of our beloved country are too wise to attach an v im portance to suchjosn! Having exercised the right of franchise for the last fifteen years, I am in a situation to speak from personal knowl edge; I have voted for whom I pleased, and no one has ever interfered with my rights in this matter. It is a well known fact that the ballot in Utah is secret, and there is no way to prevent anyone voting as she chooses. Who ever asserts the contrary makes a statement that is not true. Dear to the heart of the women of Utah is the right of suffrage, a right they will ever use for the good of man and for the ele vation! of our sister woman.7 Let Mrs. New man get all the appropriations from Congress she can; let her spend her money where she will; nobody will dispute her right to do so, but let her learn to practice the grace of charity, and respect the rights of others, for she must know for "all these things she will be brought to judgment.'',., r ir iiebe U. Young. 1 1 r 1 1 a1 I A 4t i"M-iJr- v spirit prevailed throughout the, meeting. that I have, never known an instance of the :: For him, they died upon his lips As floweret's odors pass away, But e'en as spring returning, wakes The flowers that sleep through winter's day; " """ O answer, by thy smile of lov, O lover! her true heart again, And keep the vow that angels heard, For she is faithful now as then. J exercises. im-aginati- , Augusta 43 MISCELLANEOUS. The highest exercise of charity is, charity to the uncharitable. John S. Buclcminster. Faith is the root cf all good works; a root that produces nothing is dead. Bishop I know no such thing as genius; genius is nothing but labor and diligence. W. Jlogarth. Life and blessing will attend the man who observes the Sabbath. The. Sabbath of rest is a continued lesson to him to turn his eye from all created objects, and look to that heavenly lest into which God is entered, and which is promised to man. J. Milner. God love3 to sec His creatures happyrour lawful delight is His: they know not God that think to please Him with making themselves miserable. The idolators thought it a fit service for Baal to cut and lance themselves; never any holy man looked for thanks from the true God by wronging himself. 11. Hall. Children hunger perpetually for new ideas. They will J earn with pleasure from the lips of parents what they deem it drudgery to study to bedeprived of many educational advantages, they will grow up intelligent if they enjoy in childhood the privilege of listening daily to the conversation of intelligent people. A silent home is a dull place for young people ANNUAL REUNION. a place from which they will escape if they can. How much useful information, on the other The meeting of the Y. L. M.I. A. of the hand, is often given in pleasant conversation, 19th Ward was held at, the ward meeting and what unconscious, but excellent mental house on Tuesday, July 20th, 1886. At six training is lively, social argument! Ex. p.m. a bounteous repast was served to all the members and invited guests, in the wing of In the presence of a great sorrow, all petty troubles disappear; but we are too ready to the building. Three long tables were handsomely set and adorned with fragrant flowers. take some cherished misery to our bosom, and All the delicacies of the season were there in to pet it there. Very often it is the child of profusion, and the happy faces of the young our fancy; and forgetful of the many means of people added the greatest attraction to the ochappiness which lie within our reach, wein-dulg- e commenced about a quarter casion. Meeting this spoiled child of ours until it masto eight, and the large hall was well filled with ters us. We shut the door against cheerfulness and surround ourselves with gloom.. The young people. On the stand, the President, Mrs. Mary E. Irvine and her Counselors, habit gives a coloring to ourlife. We grow Fliesh-man- , and Elders Our Bywater querulous, moody and unsympathetic. Bishop Watson, arid Sisters E. S. Taylor, E. B. Wells, conversation becomes full of regrets. We are M. A. Freeze and Nellie Colebrook, Miss harsh in our judgment of others. We are unLouie Wells, Mrs. Mc Murrin and Mrs. Royal sociable, and think everybody else is so. We -- B. tvliJVi f. Young, also Mrs. Ann Player, Counselor in molro.7 j " i we inflict upon ourselves as well as others. the Relief Society of that ward. A very exThis disposition is encouraged by selfishness; cellent programme was rendered. The readenindeed, it is, for the most part selfishness ing of a manuscript paper was included, One article Journal." without any admixture of sympathy titled, "The Progressive or consideration for the feelings of those about in the paper was a correspondence between Miss Emma Brown and Miss Ella Nebaker, us. Smiles. conIt of the plural marriage. subject upon tained some strong points, and showed the The last Legislature of Washington Terri"serious thought of tne girls on the subject. A biographical sketch of Sister Bathsheba W. tory passed one act that has the approval of Smith was given verbally by Miss May Ridges, all humane and decent people, viz.: requiring that an insane woman en route to the asylum which was very well done, and made a pleasing variety. The singing by the girls was must be accompanied by a woman attendant, New. Northwest another interesting feature of the evening's - - : nnr-Hrena- , un-raingl- . . ed 