WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' ' - ' '- - ' ' ' i ' "i" 777. of the existence of the true coin, the counter-fcif- c qL whichthey deneunced,i ;l1 Let every Saint know by unimpeachable testimony, as well as by the spirit of inspiratiori to which each mint is entitled, tnat uoa . ' Almighty revealed this doctrine to Joseph the - martyr, and that under (iod As wa3 and is tne the founder, by precept and example, of the same m the Church. PravinerGod to bles3 this testimony to the comforting of the Saints and the conftBion of to their enemies, I have the heartfelt pleasure . . t jt remain eterna lr vours lor tne trutn, n it ' ". " wake the dead.". ; - . . . . : Joseph Fi SMtm " ' . ' " ' " : : "'" ' : v-- - : t "" I '.' and he jplural marriagi,: were ytry frequent, appeared to taKe. . pariicui a r pams iu iiuwrm 'aud instruct m in; respect to the prihcipIeTlle" also informed me" that he had other wives liv- v. 31-,- I -- i rin fit hfiri n.r1nnvflnrA Ka irlA I might destroy it and she had done so, but he hadconsented 'to her jwish in this matter to pacify her, realizing that he knew the Revela--tion- it at any perfectly, and could, tinle if necessary. ' The copyde JosephC.Kingsbury is a rrofc ; , ing be3ide3 the first wife Emma, and in particular, gave"nao to understand, that Eliza R. Snow," Louisa Beman, Desdamona C. Fullmer and others, were his, lawful wives in the sight true and correct copy. ofthe origbai in every respect The copy was carefully preserved ; ; .; of Heaven. ;' On the 27th' of April, 1843, the Prophet by Bishop Whitney,'and but 'few khew of its Joseoh" Smithlnarried 'toine Margaret Moon, existence until the temporaryjocation of the for time and eternity, at the residence of Elder Camp'ofHrae i 1 Heber C. Kimball;, and. ou ..".the .22J of. July,. Missouri River, n 846. After the Revelation on celestial marriage 1843, ho married tdr me, according to the was written Joseph, continued his instructions order of the Church, my first wife Ruth. On the 1st day of May, 1843, 1 officiated in privately, on the ; doctrine, to.'myself and the office of an Elder by marrying Lucy others, and during the last year of his life we Walker to the Prophet Joseph Smith, nt his were scarcely ever together, alone, but he was " stalking On the subject and explaining that own. residence. f r"'V--doetrine and principles connected with it. He During this period th e Prophet Joseph took I app2ared to enjoy great liberty'arid freedom several other wives. Amongst iu his teachings, and also to find great relief well remember Eliza Partridge, Emily Part. in a few to whom he could unbosom ridge, Sarah Ann Whitney, Helen Kimball his having feeling's on that great ;and glorious subject. and Flora Wood worth. These all, he acFrom him, I learned that the doctrine of lawful, wedded knowledged to me., were-hi- s plural and celestial marriage is the most holy : wives, according to the celestial order. His and important 7doctrino ever revealed to man wife Emma wa3 cognizant ot the tact ot some on the earth,; and without "ohediehe to that if not all of these ; being his wives, and gener -principle no man can ever attain to the fulness"" ally treated them Tery Jtindlyr-''"tt' " of exaltation in celestial gloryo:;-v- ; On the morning of 'the 12th of July, 1843, (Signed) William CLAYioy. Joseph and Hyrum Smith came into the office in the upper story of the "brick store," bh the Salt Lake City, February 16th, 1874. , bank of the Mississippi river. They were Territory of Utah, talking on the subject of plural marriage. HyCounty Salt Lake. ) ss. rum said to Joseph,' "If you will write the On the sixteenth day of February, A. D. revelation on Celestial Marriage, I will take and read it to Emma, and I believe I can con1874, before the undersigned, a notary public, will hereafter in aud for said county and Territory, persovince her of its truth, and you have peace." Joseph smiled and remarked, nally came Wm. Clayton, whd, being sworn ia "You do hot know Emma as well as I do." Hydue form of law, says, that the foregoing staterum repeated his opinion and further rement i3 true in every paticular where the facts are stated as coming under his own personal marked, "The doctrine-' is so plain, I can conits of woman vince any reasonable man or observation, and where the language of others -- and . heavenlyxrigin,lLjorward3-truthrpurity to their .effect. Joseph then said, "well,! possible the exact words aro given.in every will write the revelation and we will see." He instance. .' ; .. ; v. . sub-r then requested me to get paper and prepare In testimony, whereof I have, hereunto to write.. Hyrum very urgently requested scribed my name and affiixed Joseph to write the revelation by means of the seal.r my Notarial Seal at my office in . and but Urim Thuramim, in Salt Lake;City,Utah Terri-- , Joseph, reply said he did not need to, for he J knew the revetory, the' ""day and year aforers lation perfectly from beginning to end. said. ; T. Joseph and, Hyrum then sat down, and John Caine, (Signed) - Notary Public. . Joseph .commenced , to dictate the revelation on Celestial Marriage, and I wrote it, sentence by sentence, as he dictated. After the whole At the recent commencement of London. was written, Joseph asked me to read it through, slowly and carefully, which I did University thirty girls were made bachelors. Several of them took high honors, Mis Mary and he pronounced it correct. He then remarked that there was much more that he Madeline Adamson taking first honor 13 bachelcould write, on the same subject, but what was or of science over her male competitors. One written wa3 sufficientfor the , present. young woman who took a: prize in medicine is her Hyrum then took the Revelation to read. to described., looking "as if eurgery in Emma. Joseph remained with me in the hands would need no anass the tics." office until Hyrum returned. When he came Mrs. Joshee, the "Hindoo "lady who lately back Joseph asked now he had succeeded. frnm ffio AVrtmsin av Afpflirftl Colieffe " Hyrnra replied that he had never received a O raflllfttpd 7;' her of has Pennsylvania, more severe talking to in his life, that Emma carefully preserved she sinco caste this to was very bitter and full of resentment coming country, since if in lost it, she could not be of professional use and anger. ,. high-cast- e families in India - on (her return Joseph quietly remarked, "I told vou. vou home. Every particle of. her daily food she did not know Emma as well a3 I did." Joseph and has served' herself then put the Revelation in his pocket, and has cooked for; herself, ' ' ' " at table. ; ; they both left the office. The Revelation was 'read to several of the The following; letter, addressed to' Professor authorities during the day. Towards evening Maria Mitchell, tells its .own story: Newel K. Bishop Whitney asked Joseph if he had any objections to his taking a copy of the .?; .Danvers, Mass., 3rd Mq. 31, 1886. raisreplied that he had not, My Dear Friend: I hear thou-ar- t iveiaun;xdosepn and handed it to him. It was carefully Copied ; funds for the Vassar ing Observatory. ?i I.ejj the following day . by Joseph C. i close check-foKingsbury just to show my good acTwo or three days after the Revelation was as. I. am unable to make a subscription in ' written Joseph related to me and several others cordance with wishes. Hoping that thy my that Emma had so teased, and enefforts will- - be successful, I am thy Sincere treated him for the privilege of urgently ; destroying it, friend, ' that he became so weary of her teasing, : ' and to John G. Whittieb. re-wri- te -- ' . ? - . . ; : . , . STATEMENT OF WILLI All CLAYTON. Inasmuch as it may ba interesting to future generations of the members of the Church cf Jesus Christ ot Latter-da- y baints . to. learn something of the first teachings of the princi ple of plural marriage by. President. Joseph Smith, the Prophet, Seer, Revelator and translator, of said Church, .1 willf give a short re lation of facts which occurred within my per' "Bonal knowledge, "and "also matters' related to me by President Joseph Smith. ? I was (employed, as a clerk in President Joseph bmiths ofncoy under Elder Willard Richards, and commenced, to labor in. the office on the 10th day of February, ,1842. X continued to labor with Elder Richards until he went east to fetch his wife to jNauvoo.. After-Eld- er Richards . started East I was necessarily thrown constantly into the company of President Smith, having to attend to hi3 public and private business, receiving and recording tithiugs and donations,attending to land and other matters of business. During this period I necessarily became well ' acquainted with Emma Smith, the wife of the Prophet Joseph, and also with the children JuliaMrTan adoDteb! daughter). JosenhT Frederick and Alexander, verv much of the business being transacted at the residence of tne rropnet. On the 7th of October, 1842, in the presence of Bishop Newel K, Whitney and his wife Elizabeth Ann, President Joseph Smith appointed me Temple Recorder, and also, his pri vate clerk, placing all records, books, papers, etc,, in my care, and requiring me to take charge of and preserve them, his closing words! being, "when I have any Revelations to write, you are the one to write them." During . this period the Prophet Joseph frequently visited my house in my company, and became well acquainted with my wife Ruth, to whom I had been married five years. One day in the month of February, 1843, date not remembered, the Prophet invited me to walk" vwith him. During our walk, he said he had learned that there was a sister back in England, to whom I was very rauch attached. I replied, .there was, but nothing further than an attachment, such as a brother and sister in the Church might rightfully entertain for each other. He then said, "Why don't you send for her?" I replied, "In the first place, I have no authority to send for her, and if I had,T have not the means to pay expenses." To this he answered, "I give you authority to send for her, and I will furnish you the means," which he did. This was the first time the Prophet Joseph talked with me on the subject of plural marriage. He informed me that tne doctrine and principle wa3 right in the sight of our Heavenly Father.and that it wa3a doctrine which pertained to Celestial order and glory. After giving me lengthy instructions and information concerning the doctrine of .celestial or plural marriage, he concluded his remarks by the words, ,4It is your privilege to have all the wives you want." After this introduction, our conversations on the subject of - - : . . ."' . r the-numbe- 1 r ; :. " t' . . -- JsuoteJ-thexact-entimenU-and-ai-jQtarAi- --. . ' . . . - N , . : : , , , -- 1 . . - ; -- r - - 