20 Exponent WOMAN'S Now that same desert blossoms as the rose. Bishop O. F. Whitney, who had known Sister Wells from his childhood, delivered an eloquent m in wnicii tne: spoice atter. J: ana impressive uiscuurse, ' ny virtues; and integrity of character, and exhorted her children to emulate her example and "follow in her footsteps, and ap-- J1welljcnevv that many of those aged veterans who elicited my admiration, yes, those beautiful 'Old Folks," when reasoning from analogy in Editor. EMMEt,lhE BjWELLS, recalling recolleclions of our past history, and by the unerring spirit of prophecy, anticipate that Published in Salt Lake City, Dtah.Termsr f ftrt nnnv rvrvw W c the furnace which isnowktndled m Zion, will be: Ton rtna Ann vflir mAntSi 9 .aim ..ww v v tr and be faithfurahd trueTas shFhad been. At the copies for the price of nine. heated to its utmost capacity.. They see the spoil Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareif close of his remarks the choir sang, ers of our peace, and opposers of the rights of one 83.00.. A 32.50; liberal discount time, per month, jpace, " conscience and free exercise of religion, (which "Rest on the hillside, rest!" to regular advertisers. Latter-dais dearer "to every true Saint than Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street.jsecond The benediction was pronounced by Bishop AttrdtA n!t rtf nurpf Vnwa OflRfo Ttiiainoaa hmira frnrn 10 ilm" life for which and mortal they have heretofore ' ' T" wood. t. to 5 p.m. everyday, except Sunday. suffered so much) now in our midst, plying their Address all business communications to final leave taking of the beldyed one by The sacrilegious vocation ;and with all this vividly be;'' PUBLISHER WO.Vf AN'd EXPONENT, her relatives, and especially her sons and daughfore these "Old Folks,'' how happy they appeared, w Salt Lake City. Utah. ters, was most affecting. It was almosfrimpossible .and how beautiful ! to induce them to take the last long farewell. I truly think I have seldom, if ever, seen beauty C' All 1886. Salt Lake City, nll K - r. HI A f A AnUn... July i, in a more interesting form. Nearly every face VVells, and as they lpore her forth from the home beamed with joy and gladness, beins: lighted up THE "OLD FOLKS." bv that -Spirit- which is the- openuirie oromoter nf she had graced so long as wife and mother, every t one instinctively remembered the. husband and the highest and grandest type ; to Mrs. E. B. .Wells. E. R. Snow. Smith. soothe her dying moments, or administer consoEditor Woman's Exponent:Salt Lake City July 2nd, n lation to his the numerchildren. ; I know you love the beautiful; Having myself ous events transpiring, there are many incidents , enjoyed tbe pleasure of being identified with, IN MEMORIAM. that will reflect great discredit upon the men who, and as one of the "Old,. Folks" in the excursion in their mistaken zeal to enforre laws marl on the 29th ultimo, I wish to offer a few sugges"And th we call a loss! O selfish sorrow specially to punish "Mormons," have broken up tions on that subject, thro', the Exponent, if you Of selfish hearts! O we of little faith! iamilies, separated husbands and wives and have room to spare for cursory matter. Let us look round some argument to borrow ruined many homes, but we leave them in His I think it has long been ac settled opinion that Why we in patience should await the morrow, hands, Who doeth all things well. " youth is the season for beauty.in the face of which That surely must succeed this night of death." A very long procession followed the deceased it might seem preposterous to talk of beauty in look this desert upon "Ay, dreary, path, to the cemetary, where prayer was offered and . old age.- - Did you ever witness jt ? The thorns and thistles whercso'er we turn; the grave dedicated by Bishop John Q. Cannon. In the course of the day, before referred to, a What trials and what tears, what wrongs arid wrath, "Aunt Louisa," the name by which Sister Wells a very impressive scene of beauty was presented What struggles and what strife the journey hath! as best known throughout Utah, was a woman before us. Did you intently view the assemblage of She has escaped from these, and lo! we mourn.'' of intense sympathy, and the most generous im"'Old Folksseated in the Bowery in American On Friday evening, June f8,i886, Sister Louisa Her hospitality was proverbial and un- Fork to which the generous Bishop of that locali- F. Wells breathed her last at ten minutes to nine. pulses. bounded' and the many hundreds to whom she ty had most kindly Invited us? I did, and with- - o'clock. She died and a without peacefully ' nas strugminisierea comion ana neip, ana wno nave out the least fear of contradiction, I sav was in her own "" surrounded y home, gle, from time to time been welcomed and entertained by her children and members her fond and of loving family. She V 1 wish it well understood that 1 never seek an by her, will miss her ever cordial greetings and the beloved wife of President Daniel H. was; remember her with loving appreciation. As wife elevation above, neither do I wish to be placed who is necessarily absent from home Wells, and mother, Sister Wells shone brightest gentle, below, but always like to be on a level with my on account of re ligious persecution. The sorrow, the Jender, noble and ful intelligence of her death was sent across the and friendless, and voluntary nurse to the needy haps some might think it Intrusive in me, but it sea to Jiim and an hy cablegram, answer, her I expressnot was sick, sympathy and generosity were ever enmy fault, for actually was forced upon his with the ing and sympathy family, especially listed; she gave generously, and never spared her,the Platform" which the good people of American the children of the was received deceased, the self trouble or inconvenience when she thought Fork had erected for the convenience of our The illness with whichSister following day. indefatigable,capaious-hearteCommittee, where Wells was afflicted was a painful one, and she I could overlook that large assembly. charity that feels the woes and pains of others, had borne for several months with great patience even a After having been pressed into the honorable, though they be strangers. and fortitude, the severe and trying ordeals of Louisa Free Wells I was elevattd position, felt determined to make the the daughter of Abrapain and suffering which could only be temporarily ham and Betsy Wells, and was born in Fayette-villmost of it; and, foregoing what evidently would alleviated from time to time. be considered etiquette for an aged lady, (i e. to Illinois, August 9th, 1824. As a child she in the month of Early Wells February, manifested undaunted courage and strength of i88s,Sister avoid the appearance of boldness by maintaining went to to her England and join while husband, I a sitting posture,) actually stood and gazed, and character, which- forcibly displayed itself during her health there, gradually failing, she concluded the times of the Missouri persecutions, in which the more I gazed, the. more " I was induced to do: to in and November last return, she came home, &ne parucipatea wnne very youngr so; and what did 1 see? A beautiful assembly bne also no serious though were consequences of "Old Folks," but not in any possible signifishared in the exodus from Nauvoo, enduring anticipated; in fact it was thought careful nursing and tender much fatigue, hardship and exposure. Crossing ". cance, a representative of the "Sleeping Beauty" with care, together mountain theinvigorating those beautiful "Old Folks" were wide awake air, the plains from the Missouri river to the. valley would soon restore her to her usual health. and seemed to have plenty of oil in their lamps. she drove an ox team, often yoking, and unyoking funeral The services were held ff on - I t t a tl f As I looked upon them, I well knew that Sunday, June iuc auic otner lapon- Desiaes periorming nerseii, many at four o'clock 20th, at her late p.m., of them had several times passed through the ous duties and nursing the sick at night. During residence, and were conducted by Bishop Millen Atwood.' this journey she became acquainted with Daniel u wAs inenreoi perse ...v, ihuiwlu An immense concourse of assembled a to people cution, portion of the legacy which our Savior H. Wells, to whom she was united in marriage in their last respects to the honored pay and to those who would follow Him. dead, bequeathed February, 1849. She has been the mother of many ery beautiful floral offerings and tributes of Cizht Children, fnnr I know that many of those wh ;se faces ex5nn: iinrl fnur rlanorhters.' tove ana friendship were laid upon the pressed integrity and firmness, had in times gone seven elegant of whom are how living to. mourn her irrecasket, that contained the mortal remains of the by? drank freely of the cup of sorrow from the parable loss. departed. merciless hand of persecution had from time to For those who remain we feel tlie most sincere The services began with singing by a time been homeless and destitute had quartette journeyed syrapathyhnsband, children, grandchildren, consisting of Mesdames AjTOIslThrjnTals to this Mountain recess, sisters and friends, but we realize she has . brother, and Vilate C. Young, and Messrs H. G. then the veriest personification of barrenness and Whitney gone to rest, and there are many td meet and weland J. D. Spencer, Mr. C, Burton desolation which never-woul- d, .playing tbe acand never could come her in the spirit world, whom she will rejcompaniment. Opening hymn feelingly rendercd- -w have been redeemed from its oice-tosterility,and utilized, see, and those who prove faithful will "Unveil thy bosom, faithful tomb." by any other people than such as were before meet her again, where there will be no more pain me, whose indomitable courage, nerved H. Apostle J. a consoling. by unprayer ' or sorrow forever more. and the choir sang, swerving faith and trust in the living God, which "We will do likewise; death hath made no breach inspired them with more than mortal strength to all "Farewell, In love and sympathy, in hope an4, trust! earthly honors, circumstances and draw I bid you all ' No adieu;" outward sign or sound our ears can reach; 0rth.. elements. But there's an inward spiritual speech with the chorus, "Therms sweet rcst in heaven, j That greets us sull, though mortal tongues be dtst." 1 z.-?-- - -- A -- tfonately-of-her-ma- semi-monthl- 1 v v -- y C - ..- of-beau- ty. " - grief-stricke- -In - . t- . devd,njafriendJo d , . . e, . - . 1 , . N 1 : : , Grant-offere- J&!lic.. fe-Propitiou- s d .' 