4 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TTT that is often wearisome and a barrier in the way owning his own offspring, as is so often done in the world,. And when women are. so unselfish" . OM A -. " v uic many , n and: wish for other JKPo4p?y plurality of to have the same rights and privileges they ..j- n TiTvj i wuiu Editor. EMMELINE .J. WELLS, iui, jctised themselves enjoy, only such a state of things is of the to and laws purity according chastity; but it must be from exalted motives, and consequentPublished in Salt Lako City, Utah. ' Terms; scarcely to be credited by the women of the who no copy ona yo.ir, $2.00; one copy the $1.00. world, Ten, fancy they possess months, unqualified ly only those who are willing to sacrifice for the affection of the husband and cannot for a moment i x t v aLLr r i Advertising rates: PJ.wh square, ton lines of nonpareil the" idea of any other women hav- countenance life. it of as rule a there is little fear Therefore, ,$pacc,.one time, 52.50; per month, &3.00. A liberal discount ' or lot the either aftcction or in attention in the of wide its part United to regular advertisers. ing spread being States, and Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Tempi?. .Street, second of the man, who is in their estimation at least, the great law makers of the nation have samllneed "gate east of Deacret News Oflice. .1 Iiusinew hours from 13 sum ,' wholly and solely their very own. of puzzling' their brains tp obstruct its operation . to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday.' j Knowing as society women must do the many for when forty years have passed since theeRevela- Address all businesscommuulcations to ' t!nn was and "sn fw. mmnarat!v!f r i serious evils that exists and that mar the peace '.11 'jpUELISilER. WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Latter-da- y and happiness of many a household, and indeed Saints have been willing to enter into Salt Lakk Crrr. Utaic n fit-break up and often utterly destroy domestic u wua an us cunuuiuus aaui consequences, it Salt Lake City, June i, 1836." tranquilty therein, yet these yvery women who seems absurd in the extreme to suppose it will realize4he situation have no idea supplant monogamy. by the sacrifice of their own selfishness to aid in Mrs. Angie F. Newman, the agitator for an InHOME AGAIN. School in Utah, and who recently dustrial solving the great social problems that agitate the ap. hp fnre , thp .pnate Cnmmitti nn Frfi.-- : nearpd public mind, and that cannot, nor never will be At last, after an absence of some months, i u.uun remedied made and and without woman's a actual assistance.. Labor, sensatioo hither and and somethingof thither, by down, visiting traveling up effort for the higher advancement of the her eloquence, is the woman who sometime ago, scenes of interest and places specially dear on it will be remembered, lectured in Cincinnati on of childhood's associations, clasping the. human family can ever be permanent without the "Mormon" question, making the most absurd hands of those of our own kindred from whom woman as well as man taking part p the earnest endeavor. And for the sake of so great a good statements. - The Cincinnati Enquirer, containing we had been many long years separated, and the equality.of.alLwomen to the rights of home, notes from her lecture taken by the reporter for temp orarily among strangers, - it is that paper, was sent to the writer aFthr time, and 'particularly pleasant to be at home once more, and maternity, may not women of large hearts in an editorial in the Exponent, publishedimme-- L among the Saints, and to meet the kindly and and generous souls be willing to endure the scorn cordial welcome from familiar friends and acquaint-ances,i- n and ridicule, that is sure to follow the introducdiately after, we quoted her own words as published in the Cincinnati papers forwarded to us. addition to the Embraces of the loved tion of any new and strange theory, which con' flicts with the eatablishcd traditions and customs Some comments made upon the subject at the o.nes of our own household. The city, 1 too, is in time by a Gentile lady in that city, were, also used its most beautiful attire, and the air is fragrant of the country. There are a thousand objections in the same" paper, and Mrs. Newman was con with the perfume of roses and honeysuckle, and brought forward to prove the position taken by the "with these facts when .she made her first outside fronted world that monogamy is the natural everything seems to denote happiness and comcall at this o$ice in 1804 ; alsowith the articles fort, and nature rejoices upon her thousariS hills relation of men and women, and however strong tne testimony of an individual may be to written by young women, giving their views upon and in'her peaceful vales. Zion is indeeoTbeautr proTe the doctrine of a plurality" of wives, when argu-mer- jt .plural, marriage, e f'ul, as we have often' described it to those we mct practical experiences fails on the side of monogamy "the law of while away, and such a delightful feeling as one in their own homes, and indignantly protesthas in one's own mountain' home and among the the land'and the "sixty millions' of people who interference with "their ing against any have Saints so different to that which a "Mormon", domestic relations. made'up their minds," is brought forward quotation as the has to meet and from that is the Woman's Exponent in the Committee . with the world outside, climax, thought to be the end who are so filled with prejujicea nd bitterness to- - of all, controversy. There is this difficulty, which Room shows how she 'misrepresents. The cliD- wards those who have accepted the doctrine of i seems apparent ifirouffi alTasotr6rvaguFfear ragsenHnletterto-Ht- t celestial marriage. The present crusade against Nest there might be something rnit.nd therefore from the Commercial Gazette as well as the Qin s those who had its influence this people-haare puzzled about the matter.want to cinnati Enquirer, and accompanied by a letter as who were before convince themselves that there is no need for before stated, it was from this letter she quoted, many unprejudiced, and the anto the doctrines and in which indeed and tries to palm the whole! report off on to a we that there is nothing in it. believe and alarm, tagonism for which this people have made many sacrifices, Then why trouble about the matter at all, if it is Mormon" scribe. Does the "Commercial Ga- has greatly increased enuring the last seven years. so weak it has no strong props to uphold it, and zettf ' or Cincinnati Enquirer, keep a "MorThe temner of the natinn mv if there is nothing anywhere to substantiate such :mc mon" reporterto take notes at imnc. v ha' iW MiUOWU, wt".i in and yet there,. are many honest thinking people, strange doctrines, they will very soon be forgotton lectures? We presume cot. That is and sink into oblivion. But. this very fear, or who, because of the persecution waged against but there are Gentile ladies who have1 listened to' Mormonum, are anxious to know the truth, and dread, or horror, that it might be true, is what lecturersand felt disgusted are making inquiries,beIow the surface, that is of those who furious:1n are so many denouncing ap. knowingthe unfaithfulness- of many men in the parent to the world. In this way, 'unwittingly, the it are greatly afraid of. It is like the lady who,, "marriage relation," and the depths obitterness Gospel is being taught, and the opportunity. given having been among this people sometime, and m the hearts of the wives of such men. But Mrs., to those, who, perhap-?- might never have made having seen and heard a Newman and other women who quote from great deal of doctrines 10 and Know me was doctrines for own lectures and the Woman's Exponent ") iinjuii.y practices, concerning greatly afraid there was themselves and to decide in their own minds for something which demanded obedience to should be careful to do it correctly; and not blame princi' or against. ple in the "Mormon" faith, and aid I have put "Mormon" reporters or "Mormon" Editors for Ve met people, often that had never seen a my "Mormon" books in bottom of sentiments yttered by . those who sat and heard the.very "Mormon" w.oman, and who had no idea that trunk, and I dare not read them lest I should my them and have no Interest whatever in making be any plural wife' could be either cultivated or re- - converted!" And lestthey should actually acfined. However, altogether, journeying about cept ' a fiith so Yatensely obnoxious to the We are very sorry for Mrs. Newman that she as we did, there was seldom anything unpleasant prejudices and traditions of the world, th-- y de should use her talents to injure and oppress those except occasionally the bitterness manifested by nounce it violently and circulate every sensational who have sought all th day long to keep the individuals. One thing we can say, which ctight report that has ever been sent abroad and thus command meets of God be aslo&ishing, and; that is the obeytht Goldtn rule, people who try and pacify their own consciences aid justify because she will have to account for the talents treated us best and seemed to interest themselves ing semsa course they pursue. given her, and to whom much is given, from him mosun learmng.of pur faith and There are many progressive thinking women' much will .be practicejwere those of the finest culture and highest attainments required. Therp are plenty of who advocate reform in the connubial relation, -- women in the world who need, help and assistance educational and social. - who sec plainly that there is imperative need of but "Mormon" women are. very independent, and Newspaper r&porters make capital out of Mora radical change, and advocate that woman will take care of their own without-assistan- ce be mons: the Situation at present is a fertile subject," more the mistress of her individual self with from the Home Missionary Society, aijd.the memand the more extravagant the articles the better time- nl i ..i bers of Congress know pretty - well that the iiiipiuvcniem ana aqvance- they take with the masses, who swallow down ment in the 'rv'j of the great women of Utah who helped to settle and beautify age and the anyscnbble if it is sensational, no 'matter how hour, but do not andquestions will not see that with the desert have taught their children to be the op- -' highly colored or far from. the reality it may be. in portunities given plural she and they-do marriage There is something new io this not - need Mrs. Newman to may not generation, at only fulfill the first great commandment, fill the least, when a man ramies women and makes spelk in their behalf If Mrs.JSara Andrews measure of her creation and them honorable, wives, and satisfy the natural Spencer could hot, . with all her impresive eloprovides for his childesire for motherhood, but withal have dren Instead ofkesplo them that Urger quence and string arguments, induce Congresi to secretly, and dis freedom fora th diily tad ctfathiw hnn ipprcfrixta ersay to establish such a bomfe n'gkt . Exponent N'S W sister-wome- to semi-monthl- , . ; ' ' - - m ' , . of-helpi- ng -- L No-gre- ac-coti- at nt . . and-som- Mrs.-Newma- , n's ling . -- -- Anti-"Mormo- n" far-fetche- Anti-"Mormo- d, n" - , - ; mis-statemen- ts. ; , . ad , . , -- . - , : - ; , ; self-relia- -- -- . ," , tit if . ; L41, nt, 