WOMAN'S EXPONENT. indeed, hardly possible to con worse. It ceive of worse being done by any kind of creatures. But there are obviously some things now done by men .which women could be trusted riot to do. For example, we may be i, quite sure that they would not squander five lmndrea million aoiiars a year in strong urmitj and then coolly ignore this extravagance, and threaten to revolutionize the country on the ground that they were not receiving their fair. share ol the wealth ' they produced. : iney would not, we may be. confident, strike for hus-- " eight hours a day while permitting their bands to work sixteen. They would not, at s of their the week's end, spend wages in the saloon,and then beat their hungry and naked children instead of feeding and clothing them. But when one thinks of the suffering and misery which the saloon inflicts ifc exhibits to upon women, the opposition .woman suffrage is perfectly intelligible. There is nothing so cruel, nothing so brutal, nothing as so uncivilized, in American politics the dominance of the spirit which refuses a voice in the government to that sex upon whose virtues, piety, and long suffering every worthy hope of the nation depends. - But the difficulties of refusing thi3 measure of justice this logical and inevitable extension of the democratic principle, become greater with every tentative effort in the direction of. a broader suffrage. The proposition can no longer Je rejected on the ground that it i3 untried. It ha3 been tried, and wherever it has had a fair trial it has" produced satisfactory results. Naturally,'woman suffrage i3 hostile to the saloon, whether in or out of politics. It is The anj to woman the serpent of Scripture. -inevitable. 13 fundamental, radical, tagonism Woman stands for all the elevating influences in this stage of existence. The home, the family, the church, the school, all derive from her their best qualities, their highest capabilities. The saloon stands for all that is retrogressive, destructive, debasing, vile and evil. It ruins the home, breaks up the family, Jifies educational agencies, checks intellectual and moral growth, fosters brutality, coarseness, immorality, Yet man, enlightened and civilized he thinks himself, cannot be persuaded to as trust his helpmate with even a share of the - government whose present abuses weigh so heavily upon her; cannot believe that the seven-eighth- to-da- y, nesty. and-disho- judgemenLandjclearsightednessLffhich. ifjie: i i j;j anuj pruuem, ne is giaaj 10 availiihimis canum self of in private life would produce as - . ? bene-ficie- nt results when applied to the general ;"; - ,; "In this perversity the average con-cern- s. ;vL'' man - takes a course eminently calculated to 'maintain the supremacy of the saloon, in politics. Jle shuts himself out from the only zealous help he is certain of. He deprives himself of the one ally who is pledged, by nature as by condition, to eternal war upon the rum power. Iti3 scarcely necessary to point out that, if women ' could vote, the: saloon as an active force in . politics would speedily disappear. Therefore, we may be certain that so long'as the saloon holds Ihe reins of power it will oppose all its energies to the extension of the. suffrage. This 13 not, however,an additional argument against the saloon. It is simply one of the conditions of its existence." If, as is asserted, the saloons really 'stand for all that is retrogressive, destructive," debasing, vile and evil," the question arises, I3 it The weakness of the right to license th-movement consists in the fact that these establishments are .licensed by the State. Being authorized by law to manufacture and sell, the dealers have a right to demand recognition and respect. Mr. Parsons ANNOUNCEMENT. its 'present strength, having 'been recognized as a perfectly legitimate institution, it has a The first term of Dr. Ellis R Shipp's annual class in right to fight for its life, and Jt. would certainOct. ist,i886. ly do so, whether or not such a right could be Obstetrics will begin made to place this school upon the been has effort Every demonstrated." The point to be emphasized is facilities in this important that the American people are themselves highest basis, and its- educational : of medicine cannot be excelled. mainly accountable,' and that, while the)' may branch Liberal reduction in prices will be made to any branch has become a take action to remove--wh- at . x of Relief Society sending students. ; gigantic abuse, they are not justified in deshould to attend desire at once commnnicatc who Those nouncing those who have profited by it as with Dr. E. R. Shipp either verbally or by letter in order though they acted throughout with popular to procure books and make necessary arrangements . Fop sanction and scarcely tacit popular approval," particulars send for circulars. Office No. 18 Main St. If this article has any practical significance, USalt Lake City. Telephone 383. it advocates prohibition of the saloons, with woman suffrage as a necessary means of making the prohibition effective. We ourselves advocate women suffrage on the higher ground of political justice and personal right. But A Fall and Complete Stock ot none the less wo welcome this new and" ". : MILLINERY. progressive attitude of the Atlantic Monthly. bo far as we know, it is the first plea for .Goods woman suffrage that has ever appeared in its AND LADIES DRESS TRIMMINGS. columns. We welcome the "new departure." F. Auerbach "anti-saloon- " well says: "The saloon having been permitted to attain -- V" 1 - Woman's , Spring and Summer -- Journal " - " ' 83T CALL AND EXAMINE.- H.B.B. DA.VIP TAMES SPECIAL NOTICE. TINNERS, CAS.WATER Secretaries of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake are particularly, requested to send in their reports to the Stake Secretary, Elizabeth Howard, by the first of September. sent in after - that date will be useless. Be definite in. the financial statements. Address, Elizabeth Howard, 60 East 4th South St., Salt Lake City, Utah. By order, Mr& M. Isabella Horne, lie-por- ts STEAM FITTERS ESTABLISnED OCTOBER, : 1868. 0. TvPT7 M-I.-- A.of serai-annu- CO., Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pump Repaired on short notice. Orders fron ." , tho country promptly responded to. -Ailr3t. SATIS JAKS3. B 308, SALT LAIZ CITY. President. the The secretaries of Y. L. different stakes will please prepare their reports and forward thera as quickly as possible, so that the Ycung Ladies' Associations may be creditably reported at the Oct. conference. They must not be later than September 20. ; ; Louie M. Wells, Sec. Central Board Y. L. M. T. A. v fc Ss -- al SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF ' Dry GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, - Died, at Orangeville, August 17th, 1886, Zina Laveni infant daughter of Parker' Adelbert and Josie E. Childs, -- aged eleven -- months,-of inflaOTmationof the bowels and" congestion of tlte brain., Our sweet little rose bud has gone " Where there is no sickness or pain; Sweet is the rest she'll enjoy Until we can see her again. " , , - Short was hef stay on this earth, Dear to our hearts she had grown, Sad, oh, so sad, how to. parti Lonely, indeed, is our home. ELEGANT COT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL ' .. V.,,- - AND WALL PAPERS, - ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. . tST We carry a larger and more cornpk Stock than any house la the weat. S. A; H. S. ELDREDCE, Fullmer. Mill Creek, Alice Maud Gunderson daughter of Thomas arid Harriet Gunderson born March 31st 1879. 1886 of Diptheria. She was a member of the Primary Association, ever willing to perform her Died, July 27th part, and a steady attendant when circumstances would permit. When her sorrowful mother askod what could be done for her,, she calmly answered pray for me. Everything was done for her thatrould he done but she had to go. It is hard topart with those we love, but we know if we remain faithful we shall meef them again. We feel to ac knowledge the hand of the Lord in all things. We sincerely sympathize with tlie bereaved parents and friends. Your sister hi tho gospel, A.J, North. Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will bo found the latest styles and pioductions in - - . CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, DlD, at . TOOLS AND IMPLE- - MENTS, CARPETS But in God's goodness we trust, And now, in taking her home, Help us, dear Father, to say, "Thy will, not ours be done." - Goods, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, OBITUARIES. . m? & Bro. . . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIEb, And an elegant assortmenf of IDIRIT GOODS: LSdios' Misses' and In. "Speciaf departmont for RDt: Sh0S: 112, 114, 116, . 118 