WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 98 make the people leave the city, so that they cau come in and plunder. Still, my children, I must tell von I am nots.rry,,)ior never have been, that I came here. This beautiful place has all' been built up ry pom, perecutg.i day1 Saints. The Temple is admired by" every behold err yet we ;ieave-thi- s great work of art with pleasure, bec'ause Got! has so ordered iETWo will go and buihFup another, 'auTanothcr shall ot inherit- it, saith ' covenant, then ye shall he a peculiar treasure unto me above all people, for all the earth is mine." Oth verse: "And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and a holy nation." Now, all the surrounding nations .worshipedj.d.bI gods, and this displeased the Lordand on Mount TSihluTHepakeH ' Moses: "Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I" speak witH thee. lliat they might know iiim, the true and living God, whom to know is lite. eternal, and; Jesus Christ, whom He has sent. The y' lineage of our Savior is from plural wives, St. Luke, chapter 1st: "And hath raised'up a horii of salvation for us in the house of ii is servant David' 55th verse: "As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham and to his seed forever. The Savior said .He came not to destroy, but to fulfil the law. "Blessed are they, that do : His commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter-through written" the gates into the city." Thereon-ar.the names of the twelve tribes of Israel. ; I have quoted sufficient Scripture to prove that salvation comes by a God, who gives what ever commandment Ko sees lit; and obedience tai;hatwilf --justify reign triumphant over all. m e . Mary Ann Merrill Pratt. Salt Lake City," Nov. 7, 180. .uur-mons-r-Latt- and gone with us a mother's b Win r Woqj , have, been inore to him than all the treaur of this.wojhl. Give our love to him, and member us to all friends left behind. ye: have had letters from all the children .left but Maiison and James; I think it very trai-rand wonder that they do not write- .- J sliaile niorG" than glad to hear f ro m y ouv all soon amin - er -- -- " Dovrite, IaiciJ; . - '. ' - 'Good news' has come in from- the caiuo of are Wrlj and happy: they are going to Tsraelj-althe Lord." I presume you have heard that five hundred winter on the Bluffs, only three hundred miles the camp have cnlisredin, from here; the journey will be shorter than we of our young'incn of expected, aud the. Jiorses - wilh bo.bdek-.- ' thr the U. S. service- .- to;" go out ::to;- Mexico Some are go'aner. if the weather is favorable. under..pay f or Jhei r services. August tfthr - Ifrisrverr hot and Afv YTrr zoinir to take up their line of march next Maria is not at horae7to-d:iy- ; she has 'Spring and cross the Rocky mountains. .If it. prosent. Gorlie's to to tench Louisa to Brother, tone be the Lord s will, lie, will prepare ways to I 6 hats. braid must now ttll'voa my Lucy! one family. Though bring us all together-ar iho un) that hs Unseen to you now, my deaf children, God ir something to me; your industrious, busy mother ha over all, and sees the end from the beginning. of bem cut work; had nothing particular tu do the times, Read His word, watch the sigria-oI bought a skein ofcottun vani.and am ask wisdom of God,' who giveth and upbraid-et- h "Pi read all the. news, and not. Take care-t-o strive to getat the truth; put away prejudices,- -' Granger; tell her, I think he has done. well, to his old t'ge. May bear a sun to heivhwsband-iyou will see the hand of the Almighty Creator -U Lb ecd me a staff iiL.d:tay: ta.-t- em Ix tli ti; nd l'nhiTl,iiomoTrrTgrsa1t cstinyHs-btni Keincra.ber us to Calvin ' Wilson; tell jiim to; for the future; Lars no need We it. have upon and come wfst'nextdail. He keep though trials must, needs come, we know that He who control- - ail events without notice not can have rli the pintipg be- can do of any kind. There arusome exceilent pa.ir:ter. acd even a sparrow failed to the' 'ground,' "whose first ciassnii('chanrcs- fiom all rart-- of the path is in the great waters,V directs tliis movement, with a design (though, as vet, 10 the ' 'world. Ho can hunt and fish, play the violin we believe in innocent amusement ?nd recrea- world incomprehensible) that .will unfold, step Uoii , atme aits season ior. r.ii .things, accord by s tepr to t h tf oi ider-- H mUdm . r a 1 e may aavt-j-t sumptu ing to tiie fcenpture. yet unborn. ous feast and merry time. yet togetlnvldll the! August 5 th. Oh, my' darling little Oaf ha!. 'fatted' calf at any rats?; When my- children My precious, sweet pet! you cannot think liuw come I will make merry for them. Give mv much your "'grandmother longs to see love to Mr. Hinckley, poor old man! Try to , your dear face once more, and your auntie:-be patient, and I. .".m ur'.: yju will Luv, ami Maria .and LIIenTwF.nt to ?ee vouywe u'i tmnir all will come out right in time. I would like and talk of you. often. The girls have been to write more,' but mv pen is nearly worn out, out blackberrymg; they 'went in a LMiimrnia what I and I want you to be able wagon; quite a number of the boys and girls; so I will draw to a close. you would have liked to.be with them I know; Do tiot forget to watch and pray: You ; birds, but I am disapall as are they merry have a very ..'precious, charge, und many care?, on 4erry- - haye-th-ey not rfor Jirougkt but pointed will put your tru-- in G'1 , ahl strength back;but I will tell you what they have brought be given you according- - to youoJay. and your baeli,l)bh need. May the love' of our Father and the hazel nuts and wild flowers; we have nice grape blessing of His peace abide with you ever, my and hhekberry wine here also. Dear, darling dearly beloved children; Croyden! granamothei wants to see you, too. This from your affectionate and saw a steamboat I just went to Mother and Grand.mothfp.. coming up the river; it soon stopped, lor it; could not get. over the rapids, the .'water is so low, but I could not; see my dearjittle Carry THE SCOTCH GIRLS. and Loui; if I had, your Uncle Hiram would have taken his paddifs and, little canoe and The Scotch people are very fine Jookiog, and and-agone to. fetch you to me; but he says to tell you their faces have great strength of features to grow fast, and come tte'ST'ajid' help him hunt the same time much refinement. The Scofca the buffalo and deer; they are plentiful where are exceptionally fine Jookmg, and even girls rewe are comer. nmong the lower classes you see very many I hope in my. heart that I shall see you all fined faces.' In the stores there-arlady cleri' who would 'pass" muster as well 'bred .girls any good children.- Mind your fiither and mother, and this Scripture always, too; jloTiol JorgH it: where, and many of the barmaids in the wuisky "Remember thy Creator in the da;s of thy shops are beauties. The women of Scotland do a great deal of 'work. A you'th;" then the blessings-o.peace will follow -Lord middle-aged- , you all the days of your lives, May-'thc lady usual Iv prble-iyou all, my beloved children,, and have esides over each of the largest ht.telsand i'r" -by you in His holy keeping, is my daily prayer ly all" the railway restaurants are managedas a ' for you, and m His envri good time bring us all women. Both sexes in Scofjand have, are : acrain. together rule, good, healthy physiques. There Oh, I do long to hear where m-- boy is now! more tall men and women than in America. here-hamore actn Manson gone?.-You wrote the They have better complexions, a ana family that they, were to go with Mr. K walk, and are, as a rule, stronger and Rice this fall; I do hope that they are all healthier. together now; I am very anxious to hear how they are and where.'- Tell me all you know lore about them; if Manson is with them, as The fact is that a certain class of men 'he is, and as soon as I. know wlure they are, I to be quiet, and' are ready to' sell their country will write to him before we leave li ere. Oh, to the evil one himself, that they may live aj ease and make no enemies. They have my son, I do feel vcrv anxious for thee! Give lor the manliness to plead- for therigM, ana my jove and kiss those dear little boys f;;r their grandmother, if'thtv are' there yet. Tell vour might co?t them a customfror brother James I will write to 'him before we they plead a superior holiness as an excuse leave here. Oh, my son James! if he had come ! sulking. Spurgeon. - ' - l ' -- - . s r.'ew-une- d ffapr-pene- , knit-i,.;.1v,,;- e-c- -d- hi h ; lds-wi"i- so - - AN OLD LETTER. Some apology may be . necessary in publishing such an old letter from a person unknown, but my mother wrote it when in Nauvoo wait- ing with, the others until they could "follow those wTho had gone on ahead to open up the.' She afterwards died way into the desert." upon the journey, and ' sleeps Jnaii unknown' the wild prane; she died of the frave uponand suffering that followed." the driving of the Saints across the river, where they suffered for lack of shelter Jand suitable food at the time of the terrible.mobbings and difficulties. - Many others suffered the same fatetirdo.' n6tpropose tOfiler'mtapaH'icuv thosa-who lars, but that mob? and instigated them will have many deaths and much suffering to account for in a day lo come.; Ed. Nauvoo, III., August 4th, 1846.- - To my . I 1 oii-of-- m e-- 1 ns -- - far-awa- y ' - .- r . -- to-re- do-'-wr- ite, ad a-- t " Dear Children Henry and Lucy: We received your letter with most grateful- thanks to Almighty God for His goodness. Yes, my children, we do mourn the death of little Francis. 1 feel the earthly loss greatly. He was indeed a remarkably beautiful child, but now glorified and more beautiful in the heavenly courts above. I am glad that you have his portrait; it will be a comfort; but" we shall see our dear ones with immortal bodies, nevermore to part. I anrfirnrin :tlie belief of the coming of Christ, and the final restoration of all things. Time is bringing forth teachers and preachers new and old. It is a day of wonders, a day of gospel grac? and of saiya tion to those who believe ai$ obey. Tdo most earnestly beseech of you, in the name of Israel's God, not' to murmur at our absence; ive shall soon leave this blood stained place and journey about four hundred miles from here to remain for the winter. Those who have not teams are Bending for" them. Hirain. was going out to, stay with Emmeline and help take careof herds, but he was sick and could not go' then, and I am counseled by a sifter not to let him go, but keep him with me, as there are none but" men alone there now. The mobocrat spirit is influenced anew.' The settlers that bought property of the Mormons are taking in new comers, and all their-talis of whipping, hauling and driving them from place to place until wxirn out burning houses, fields, fences, wheat, corn, and everything, to k ' i -- -- J ir : the-'doo- - e - white-cappe- rosy-cheeke- d s - s . . - d, 