i7i WOMAN'S EXPONENT. J. Uw For the Exponent 'SnUT IN." BY L, M. HEWUNGS, of sentiment contained in that little speech. All she "weighed or measured it by was the mispronounced . word, "edication," which he sneeringly repeated to one sitting by her, in a tone loud enough to bo heard, I presume, by In the eyes of at least the every one present-majority of that company, the smart girl appeared of far less value, and even good sense, vthan the one wh6 had so meekly confessed Ler 1 i ner mammy to mase nerseiiin'interesting to " friends. : . Ariother good point may be made- just here, by the recital- of. something else which took place. the same afternoon, if 1 remember rightly, in the.same company of girls. A gentle man sent in a request for a favor to be done by some of the young ladies. As is ever the case with people, the. smart girl was quick to reply. When the request had been announced, "Let him do it hisself!" she responded abruptly. Anyone the leant acquainted with grammatical accuracy would notice at once that the" well educated" young lady had made a mistake in speaking,, quite as glaring as the one sh was bo ready to pick, up and make much .of but a short time before. ; What I would call attention to in this case is the fact that all are so liable to make mistakes it is never safe or wise to offer uncalh d for or useless criticisms upon the language or actions of others. Had it not been for the unkindly manner in which the first mistake alluded to was repeated by the smart young lady, her own blunder in saying hisself, instead of himself, if noticed at all, would never have been remembered. The wise and true critio searches for the good and noble traits . to be found in almost every character not utterly depraved, and at tributes to every action the best: and worthiest motives. Thus, something worth treasuring is often found where the unthinking see only cause for contempt or censure. feet the little streamlet sang the same old song of unceasing happiness, as it rippled o'er the rocks to join the river's course.-Thgentle zephyrs that passed silently byr wafted pleasant odors from the oasis of tlieTdesert. With her: white arms on his painted gate, ho saw hisu dearest treasure,with his angel babe in her embrace, eagerly watching for his joyous ret'u rn. soul o'erflowing with rapture, he kissed the dimpled face, and was going to continue his greeting when awakened to the unwelcome e. . shut in from the ceaseless din Shut Of the restless world, its want and sin; Shut in from its turmoil, care and strife, In: ; . And all the wearisome round of life; Shut in with tears that are spent in vain, With the dull companionship of pain; ' Shut in wjjji the changeless days' and Jiours And bitte'f knowledge of failing powers. . r And leave but a longing after rest; Shut in with a trio of angels sweet Fair Patience and Grace, trials to meet, Faith that can suffer and stand and wait, Lean on the promises, strong and great, Shut in. with Christ, oh, wonderful thoughtl With the calm peace His sufferings brought; Shut in with thejove that wields the rod- Oh, company blest! shut in with God, A VOICE FROM UTAH. J. TANNER. These's a voice that goes forth to the head of the nation, The voice of a nation whose freedom .has fled; We are crying aloud for the right of salvation. The rights for which heroes have battled and bled. There's a cry that resounds from the hills to the ocean, A cry form the widows and orphans who mourn; Ohl hard is the heart where no tender emotion ; v Can stir not a love for the lone and forlorn. The daughters of Zion are bowing in sorrow, -- Whose husbands are banished in exile to roam; And our foes from the wolves of the mountain might - ,. Some pity for those who are mourning at home. Errors, like straws, upon the surface flow, Who seeks for pearls must dive below." They would ask us to banish all tender" emotion That marks us as children of Christ in His love, , And wrest from our heartstrings a life of devotion Eternity's mandates are given above. Then let us stand forth as the children of freemen, Ii. Gt R. , Our husbands and fathers have languished in prison, Our substance is squandered, our children despoiled; , Our cries and our sorrows no pity awaken, Their anger appeased nor their pity beguiled. CRITICS 'AND CRITICISM. There are wise and unwise critics. And, according to: their natures their criticisms are wise or foolish, kind or unkind, true or false. ; - Wise criticism is likely to be beneficial to both; critic and criticised; while unwise criticism is detrimental to both, often more bo to the critio than the criticised. to adThe true critic discovers many-itemire and profit by in matters which contain only, flaws to call forth ridicule or reproof from the false or unwise critic. An instance illustrative of the above fact Some years ago, in a recurs to my mind. company of young ladies, a very humble and unassuming girl remarked that she had but little to say in company, because she. felt the want of an "edication." Another young lady, who considered herself smart and also well educated, proved to be too shallow-minde- d or too thoughtless and unobserving to discover the true merits, the modest beauty and purity ms - in a place ho had never ' really returned, but now the bitter tears of disappointment rolled down the rosy cheeks; she said to herself in smothered accents, "The man must have done it in fond remembrance of nis tender own "dwelling in some distant land. I wonder if mine ha3 ever done tho same in the strange country where he now so- . journs?" 7 ' ' C. . II. Bliss. MISCELLANEOUS. Silence does not always mark wisdom. Religious contentions are the devil's - 7 The secret of success is constancy to purpose. The heart ought to give charitv when the hand cannot. I r Truth is as impossible to be soiled by outward touch as the sunbeam. To love is to admire with the heart; to mire is to love with the mind. T. Oautier. any ad- us. 'Twas springtime. The glorious sun was rising over a woodland country in majestic splendoivkissing away the dews and filling the earth with gladness. The cheerful birds caroled sweetly in the dense, widening forest, whose mingling, mossy boughs embraced ' the wind The sunny, clime-lispingolden sky. swept soitiy across tne lea, spreading tne per- fume of choicest flowers like ah unseen censor swung by seraphim through peaceful, resting vales. Rollins: on forever: the babbling brook murmured more musically the everlasting song of nature's never tiring loveliness. Leaning over the picket gate, basking in the sunlight of Jiopefui youth, stood a beautiful, one with a darling babe, who was as happy as the singing birds that wrapped her soul and all surrounding things in ecstacy divine. As a passing man planted a kiss upon the cherub's cheek and silently vanished from sight, ten thousand panoramic thoughts flashed through her dreamy mind, and she saw. her long looked for, cherished one re turn in safety from a 'distant clime to fill her heart with increased joy, and bounteous thanksgivher lonely home with ' ing. The passer by was a stranger in a strange land, a wanderer among men, teaching the truth and setting forth righteousness. Ashe travtled along, his head slightly forward, he dreamed of a vale in the midst of the mountains There was his welcome home, surrounded with craggy, peaks that have battled the storm3 of ages. The blooming orchard was full of merry birds, which filled the balmy air with varied harmony. Near his g Then raise up your voices, fair daughters of Zion, Stand forth in the pride of your honor and worth; There's a power above us, whose hand we rely on, More potent than princes and kings of the earth. ' ya3 We make too little of what Ve say of others, and a great deal too much of what they say of DAY DREAMS. Whose fathers have never dishonored the laws; Nor cravens nor cowards to bend 'neath the foeman As children of Zion well honor our cause. that- - he ' self-confide-nt - reality een before. With silent emotion he pursued-h- is onward course, and dreamed, that another had made the same mistake in the valleys of the west. l.. ' The was and child kissed the had stranger lost to view before she hardly realized her true position. She thought her bosom friend had - -- borrow. 1 - Shut in and alone, with dreams gone by, With buried joys that were born to die; Shut in with hopes that have lost their zest, BY M. . His The Persians say of noisy, unreasonable talk, "I hear the sound of a millstone, but I see no . meal." A little girl seeing her father,"who was a lawyer, honing his razor, said: "Pa,'' is that the knife you sharpen your cheek with?" The hardest useful labor is less exhausting, in the long run, than exciting pleasures, as most of their devotees in middle life sadly " confess. To be idle and be popr have ever been re- proaches; and therefore every man endeavors with his utmost care to hide his poverty from others, and his idleness from himself. Dr. Johnson. - ? " snow-cappe- d After a tongue has once got the knack of ly- ing, it is not to be imagined how impossible it is almost to reclaim it. Whence it comes to nasa that we see "some men. whn btp ntJiT.t;a i. iixgv j ;very honest, subject to this v'igq. Montague. Personalities are .the bane" of familiar discourse. If conversation must turn upon idle report.and talk degenerate into idle tattle. rather than submit to thi3 drying up process of the brain, let us set a seal upon our lips. We are apt to mistake our vocation in looking put the way for occasions to exercise great and rare virtues, and by stepping over the ordinary ones which lie directly in the road before us. When we read, we fancy we could be martyrs: but when we come to act. we can- not bear a provoking word. Hannah ' Moqtg. wm-m.- - 