WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. ' . .standard poet, only regretting that time will fere is nut permit my quoting from them .all. conceit little of a pretty Shelley's, galled "Low's iMiilosopy Across the gray.' Far off the shadoVy hills L. -- aw the great sun, before the world was 'ware And donned their crowns of crimson; flower by flower H;lUhe,warm breath of Morn and 'gan to unfold Iheir tender lids. Over the spangled grass ' " ' SweptJhe swift footsteps of the lovely Light, ' ?' ' the Turning .tcarTof .NiglU to ' - . "The fountains mingle with the river, " "r ' And the rivers with the ocean;The w inds of heaven mix forever With a sweet emotion; '"'"'"'" "J Nothing in the world ii singic; .'AH thing by a law divine In one another's being mingle-W- hy " not I witii thine! ' ' . ; joyous germ, Decking the. earth yith radiance, 'broideTingllM; ' The BinEing s 'with a gojden fringe, Gilding the feathers .of the palms, which waved (Had salutation; darting beams of V gold . Into the gladesr'touching, with magic wand 'Hie stream" to rippled in ruby;, the brake Finding the mild eyes of the antelopes . And saying, 'it is day;' in nested slerp Touching thesjnaH 'heads under many a ving, And whispering, Children, praise the light of day.' " ' , storm-cloud- " . . " -- Campbell: . "At - Love, you know, is called poetry of life, .eniiyson says of it and the life of poetry." sadly . . "I hold it true, whatever befall; I fe it when I sorrow most; "Tis' belter toTtave loved and lost, Thaa never to irave lived at. all. - 1 Longfellow: The bridegroom may forget the bride ' his wedd'ed wife." yestreen; The monarch may forget "the'erown That on his head an hour has been; The mother may- forget the child " .That smiles sae sweetly on her knee, But I'll remember thee, Giencairn, me." , And a, that thou hast done-fo- .. Was made M ou re: ". ' all-th- e - the-dt---vi- " there-arrelics of dreams of the past, which she cannot destroy; Which come in the night time of sorrow and care, And bring back the features that joy used to wear. Long, long be my heart with such memories filled! Like the vase in which roses have once been distilled You may break, you may shatter the vase if you will, But the scent of the roses will hang round it still. ? "How dear to me the hour when daylight dies, And sunbeams melt upon tlie silent sea, For then sweet dreams of other days arise, And memory breathes her vesper sigh to thee, And as I watch the line of lightjhat .plays -Along the smooth wave toward the burning west I long to ttead its golden .path of rays, And think 'twill lead to some bright isle ,of rest." Gray: joy,-Brig- ht - . "Full many a gem of purest ray serene L:zr The dark unfathomed caves of ocean bear; Full many a flower is born to blush unseen And waste its sweetness on the desert air." r Longfelrow: 7 'Night," by Shelley: - - c . ; "Never stoops the soaring vulture How beautiful' this, night! The- balm'est sigh Which vernal zephyrs" breathe in evening's ear, Were clisrord to the speaking quietude - That wraps this moveless scene. Heaven's ebon vault, Studded with stars unutterably bright, .Through which the moon's unclouded grandeur rolls) Seems like a canopy which Love has spread To curtain her sleeping world, Yon gentle hills .. ' Robed in a garment of untrodden snow; ... Von darksome rocks whence icicles depend; So stainless that their white and . glittering spires ; Tinge not the moon's yon castled steep "Whose banner n tower hangeth o'er the So idly that '. it rapt fancy deemeth A metaphor eft peace: all fprm a scene ' v,'here musing solitude might love to lift Her soul above this sphere of earthliness, Where' silence, undisturbed, might watch alone So cold, so bright, so still." - " pure-beam- time-wor- ... . -- May Ityley Smith: 1 - Through lieetingfolds of NighTsblack drapery; High in the widening blue the herald star faded to paler silver as there shotbrighter and brightest bars of rosy gleam - our-wea- 1 - - : Sometime, when all Life's lessons have been learned, . And suns and stars forevermore hae set, have here k spurned, judgments The things which lashes with wet, we winch o'er The things grieved Will flash before us, out &f Life's dark night, As stars sliine mosl iu deeper tints of blue; t And we shall see how all God's plans were right, And how, what seemed reproof, was love most true". -- -- ii r- " Lo! the Dawn Sprang with Kuddh's victory! lo! in the east Hamcd the first fires of beauteous day, poured forth - e " by Edwin Arnold: On his quarry in the desert, ' On the sick or wounded bison, But another vulture, watching From his high, aerial look-ouSees the downward plunge, and follows; , . And a third pursues the second invisible from the ether, Coming First a speck, and then a vulture, ' : Till the air-i-s dark with pinions. So disasters come not singly; But as if they watched and waited, Scanning one another's motions, When the first descends, the others flock-wisFollow, follow, gathering Round their victim, sick and wounded ".. First a shadow, then a sorrow, Till the air is dark with anguish." t, -- " ne ; ; past h.uh been."! ' "Let fate do her worst; r ' - -- Or, like the borealis race, That flit ere you can point their place; Or, like the rainbow's lovely form, Evanishing amidthe storm." - "Mor nmir. .Hummer eve, .when "But pleasures are like poppies spread, You siezo the flower its bloom is shed; Or, like the snow, fall in the river, A moment white then jnelts forever; Burns illustrates gratitude and friendship, in. these touching---lineto a dead t addressed Moored pi el u re' fcf :"S unlet'." .. heaven's ethereal bow with Spans brightTirch the glitteiing hills below, .V liyto yon mountain turns the musing eye Whose sunbright summit mingles with the sky? .Why do "those cliffs of shadowy tint appear More sweet than all the landscape smiling near? 'lis distance lends enchantment to the view And robes the mountain in its azure hue. Thus, with delight, We linger to survey Trie promised joys of fife's unmeasured way.- -I litis, from afar, each dim discovered spenc : r ',.-...- Thoughts and words like these are the products of- genius, and genius, in order to produce, must feel them. "Genius," says Ctiitelar, "is a divine infirmity genius is a martyrdom. The poet seizes upon the light, the' stars, the mouutaius, the seas, to convert them into ideas, into canticles." The poet 'dissolves the 'universe to mingle the colors for his pictures. ut he cannot undertake this Titanic work without insuring his own destruction. He cannot go into the lire without being burned; he cannot mount to the extreme heights of the atmosphere without being frozen; he cannot enter im thunder-clouwithout receiving in that Conductor, his body, the. shock of electricity. TIioho privileged souls which, Hinging oil" the clay of this world, force tiieir way upward till they become like bright stars in the firmament, almost approach-- . ing the angels; those beings who .from the rock of their own shipwreck hold forth the light to future generationshave fed splendor burning in the lamp of their own brain with tears from their eyes tiud'with"-- " blood from their hearts." "Thus there is always an abyss in the depths: of all genius. A Cown of stars cannot be placed, upon the brow unless there is at the same time, a crown of thorns' around the heart. One cannot enter the temple to inscribe an immortal name, but at the cost of writing it in the blood of one's veins.". These, my hearers, are the words of a poet"a poet who is famed a3 an orator, and who uttcr3 his' thoughts, his poetry, in prose. Take one more draught from thejsame pellucid foun- tain: ; "Life 13 full of complications, and for the same reason of insuperable difficulties. And as there. are great contrasts in nature, thcro are also in society opposed forces. By the Bide or the prophet, who announces the future, arises :the magistrate whote the conservation - of the present system, and -- 7 who as a result of this conviction,, persecutes the prophet; in the vicinity of every new thinker there exists an association which believes itself infallible; beside each reformer is placed the eternal cup of hemlock. It appears that seeds cannot fall upon the earth unless 'the vase which contains them js broken. Every old prejudice feels itself wounded by a new idea, and hates it accordingly. Society i3 movement but those who move it fall under the weight of its crushing wheel. Society, is renovation, but those who renew lt are slain by its old errors. We cannot aspire to be blessed by posterity without being cursed by our contemporaries. Savage beasts do not disappear from a country without having been ' long and patiently chased. How many bright in- how many die telligences fall, howi many fail, i i ; 1. i ii wnen ana depart iikc snaaows in tue struggle The is necessary to rid the earth of monsters. greater number of people believ.e you are tearing their soub from God if you" endeavor to uproot one of the prejudices or errors-undewhose shadows their fatherj lived for ages. "And you, poetic souls, you who. come from purer regions crowned with flower?, beating your white wings," clothed with ether; with an immortal song upon your lips and a lyre in your hands, like the first angels who gazed upon chaos at the birth of the universe; you wno near imagination liKe a star upon your, and ecstatic in brows, and who live the contemplation of a world of idea3, which to us weak mortals whose vision cannot pene trate it appears a world of shadows you can- noc enter this sphere of realities without fall ing into an abys?, without tearing your wings -- Burns So unto the man is woman; Though' she bends him, she obeys him lltough she draws him, yet she follows Useless each without the other." . . More ple;ising seems. than "As unto the bow the cord is, ' to-da- y. d V' 7 ' ' " ' ' . "See! the mountain:; kiss high' heaven, And the waves clasp'one another; No .sister flower would be forgiven ' ' Jf it disdained its brother; And the sunligh t ..clasps the earth,1 And the moonbeams kiss the sea; '' What ire all tiiesc kissings worth, If thou kiss nut me?" , But not Then be content, poor heart, God's plans, like lilies, pure and white unfold; We must not tear the close-shu- t leaves apart; Time will reveal the calyxes of gold!" -' '. .. 83 awe-struc- k Continued 011 parr.hb' , 