WOMAN'S . EXPONENT. 88 he grave was made by Pro. A. Puchanan, Sen. ve mourn the departure of our dear sister, but we are comforted, knowing that she fought "the good fight; shejus kept the faith;. hencefph there is a crown laid up for her which the Lord 'Will give- - her.and not her only but all who have His approval. A moved to Nauvoo in iS.ii with h r husband, Alphous Harmon, lie went on' a- mission, arid, on his way home was frozen, to death, leaving her ,with nin'e small children. She was an eye 'witness to the martyrdom of Joseph and flyrum, her. home being then jirCartlsage. She. afterwards -married I;orm Passdtt, by vhonihe Ira four children.' She arrived in Utah" in iE637x'Wie .;as the "mother of A PLEASANT AFFAIR. , ' - On Wednesday evening Oct. 20th, a surprise ister Mary Whittle, Fresident -- wasL'iveu to , am, of the Kelief .Society of the Evansioii the 40 of About it being her 59th birthday. breth reu and -- sisters went to the : houe very j quietly, and Burpri3.e(Fthe inmates completely. in Zinging and dancing The evening for. a time; lunch was then served, alter wmui all retuniud home,. ; Sister- - Whittle was made the recipient of some very 1 . . Resolved, That we, the skters of the Glenwood Reiki Society,. do tender our love and esteem to themcmory of our dcpaditcr";. we will- - miss .ihcr; in her accustomed West fprterviHe, Morgan Co., Oct." 3rd, 1886 -DlE;-iand "also her many good counsels; we 'feel she has -- ot in 0. a n mat ion of Jhe bo wei .Sarah C, Dearden "daiigh ter -- place; indeed - shown fus, both - old - and yQung, an excellent "eFeb7 born wa William-aAnn. Deceased of Dearden.; , xample of faithfulness, worthy of emulating, and we feel to ;th,i868. A. pare spirit". Has vlef" us, one well prepared to say, "Peace to her soul.'' .God help us all to hold" out so - dwell- in .holispJiere,.. vhvXLshe, nowbincinoiigjhe. 7 .""""." "r;" faithfully to the end. , jewels of that glorious court on hih. "..We her condolewith friends in their bereave -Whereas, ' ' back'. wish not her meht, OF KKSl'EC'T. Oh, how sweet is RESOLUTIONS and tiresome'a journey of life. her rest after so long We; the' sisters of the Y. L. M. I. A. of we That Resolved, spread these Resolutions on the 'Ward, unanimously adopt the. following immutes of the Relief Societyand also send them to the Whereas, it haS p!easedaH Jrallwisel 'rqyjdcnceJ;JxjjCal:b rmlj7gjid Woman's lixroxKXT for publication:""" from our midst by the. hand of. 'death our beloved "sister and. . Sarah Jacobs, V'v friend, now,1-Patience. Palmeu,, . Committee.' A, t wish Therefore, w6, the members of the Y, L. M, Louisanna Heppler, to express the honor "and respect entertained by us for hur ras a v.'ise counselor and ;a;. true' friend, vvho.faitiifully. held the office of Second Counselor of the Y, L. M. I. A ; in of 32 was-Fpe- m.c$-ire3ents.-7- Evanston, Oct. 20 - 1SSG. Whittle ..: . hQ was full of zqii for the Latter-da- work. y 1 , n , -- r Jak. 7 wl . '. ; v AIR. CHESTER FIUMARY ' RESOLUTIONS' OF KESPKCT. .'ichfldrei! nt : - ..." , - XVest'-Iorter-viil- Editor Exponent r tnnw ihat-vou-wi- bedelilrhled to ll thft" the 'young of Chester met under the ausCounselor pices of dear Aurit Emma, and her in Jhe capacity of a Sister Amelia, Primary Fair. On tlie23rcl again tramc troopioh ing this regiment of the little folks of obedient to the call, and with mig recitation "speeches andooll words, the day paSexliu lira midst ot joy to young ana old present.,. To particularize would be tedious and pecially where all was excellent. Specimens of the Jack knife, the - culinary departmen t, the garden, and the needle truly graced the tables and the occasion. These ;are red lettered days - for the young and fraught with good. : Ih - " " School of Peoria, Versity,"-a- 3 Emily erroneously reported. entitled "Nervousness of American?," at Va.s-sa- r College, some time danng the .present Semester. : - v-.- ; Dr. Eliza M Moshef, physician to 'Yassar, of the N. Y. AssociaCollege, is tion of Michigan University Alumni. Vice-preside- nt r Patents have. hem issued to women during the week ending Oct. 0, 1880: r. 'rSarah J. Byers, Lafayette, Ind., Ash-pan- . Estella Case, New York, N. Y., Rubber and Packing Band. Clara Frank, Ella "Maratta, Pittsburg, ' Pa., Coal-vaul- t . , Grating, v , Rebecca McKee, New York, '3JST.. V, Insecti -- Sound-deaden- er Cuff-holde- r. cide. - Mary- Sutherland, Diamond, Mo., Corosi- - tion for Tannine:. mid-autum- " n. "" - -- GMhizCiim UJE JAaS5, Sox'30G. DiLT EOTABLKIIEI) OCTOBEU, . CIT7. 1808. If SALT LAKE CITY, Utah IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Ifi. fiilliotfelifoMies ..nitouoiJ, Sec. The many friends of Sister Martha Sampson wiT be learn of, her demise, which occurred". on the iipaincd of the i6;h of September last, at lier residence in morning Glenwood, surrounded .family; aiicl' frieadsT' She had arrived at the advanced age of eighty years and three months. Sister Satnj)Son ; .head the Xlospel, as ere-- , vealed' to. "the. 'Prophet Joseph- Smith,"' in Ivirtland which she embraced with a joyful heart, and was " baptized in June. iojo, a few" mOnOis after the organization of the Church; she also preached the Gospel to Orson Hyde, who soon after 'was convinced of the trvutli. She Iias lo the day" of hef "death ""borhea 'strong testimony" to the truth of the latter i;,.y work. With, hcr .family she followed tlie Church to Jackson Received her inheritance with her husband.' Ihey were expelled with the Saints ft 6m ihcre; we'tft to Clay Co and were expelled ' again, suffering us told misery. Followed the Church to Nauvoo. Immigrated to the valley in 1851 and located in Trovo. Was an active member in the Relief Society there; moved to Glenwood in 1865, jvhere she resided until the time of her deah. Here, lso, :.he was Counselor to the President of the Relief Society. : Sister Sampson was the mother of nine children, four cf whom survive her. She had forty-nin- e 'grand" thihlrcrij one and great-grea- t grandchildreri, gfandchild:";"SIie renrcTfa number of her 'gramLhildreri, who were left was very orphans, to be men and .wors en. Sister Samr-soin her but she had a and habits',, kind heart retiring genial When she was attacked with the illness, that ended In 'r earthly career, she told her- granddaughter 'that she would ltlceTogo to", the" 'T":eybn'd";"if 'her"" I It aveniy "Fath r .wasvilf--"' ing. She. died, wid a smile oh .her face, felling of the I b r rem a ns were heavenly joy that filled her soul. taken to the bowery. The. speakers were Pishop Pell, Counselor Hcppler and Brother i Ransford Colbey; they poke words of comfort and instruction to the sorrowing friends; also bearing a strong testimony to the f uthfuh)- ss and integrity of the deceased. ''She was f.Ilo'wal to the grave by 'a large cortegeof relatives and neighbors:. the dedication o1 I by--h- shelf hardwahEj Heavy and -- glass and qtjeensware, . er r fir.-t,- : -- .'."""ELEQANT CUT GLABB, ' '' '' : :; AGRICULTURAL " - . 'POOLS AND IMPLE MENT8.':. CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS iVND CHEMICALS, ; Co.,'-&Io.- . C ARPETS ' AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES' AND NE WEST DESIGNS. We carry a larger and more complete Stock ttian auy house in the west. r;"' r' ELOREOGE.; Supt- ili-.H.'.- S fifty-seve- n An article prepared expressly for this number, entitled, "Autumnal Tints' and already in type, is crowded out for want of space. We make liis apology, a the middle of November of : " :vM-- - wil 1 lleli ver lier lect lire for RU.MSR Y'H celebrated LIFT ana.FO.llCK Pumps Repaired ou short notice. Orders .'rum tua country' promptly "YSsponiod to. "'..'"' PU.MP.-5.- ; is teachiug in the High ;Dr7 Grace PelclianT Ti?ir4iIR3, GA3,WATi?J &SrEAM FITTERS The thorns and thistles vvhereso'er we turn; . What trials and what tears, wrath,---'vmid What wrongs What stfuggies and what strife The journey hath! She has escaped from these, And lot we mourn." exclusively of ill.r"iJiLJjjMgAI1 good of hsr asso - "Ay, look upon this dreary, desert path, ,,. " J. Rose "Col by - her-bes- Thereare said" tobe J nu merous :rasoi)ic Miss thai for-"- cy - NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. : - loveand-intelligcnc- " Whereas, We acknowledge her loss, and her readiness t abilities at all times to give a helping "hand and use for the furtherance of the latter: day work,- and; manifesting her devotion to": ts principles, Therefore, lie it ResolvedThat we, sympathise with .her bereavrd " --f , fain ily ami friends; and. JUrther?.be it.r ' Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread upon the record of the .Association, and that a copy be sent to the : Woman's Exponent, unci to the bereaved family,"; ClIESTER lodges in France composed women. which" poHtioi'CSliBtatJbTCflXvith qualities tlut' he""cfvcr"exercised ciates. - - -- " -- . OBITUARIES. At CTarkston, Cache County, October 12, 18S6, of paralysis, II uldah Bassett; born February 11 th, 1808, "tit Quelle, Canada; baptized at 'Kirtland, Ohio, in 1832; Special to:tlxe Ladies, AWillT bo - T S D EL ' S E A found the latest and ' "T ,;; r- -;. styles in ' productions ' LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, PANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of : Special department ' for Ladies' Misses' and ant's Shoes. , 112, 114, 116, 118 In-- East Temple Sire . ' 