: - . .. 7T - , t.w. ljwy&aiu.. sd down-trodde- n of-th- II I III II 1 . e I JI nI, 11 I I l,IL V I 'II 111 m II mm .I Jm ' "V "fnrmon'aauiatanna iin the r r t raar Wkrwii vwu W t tr .Ma VA "Rn "T .niter Ja.v Kftinf.q arfi hlessed 'f!linrMi- - A -- - & w- with a knowledge for themselves that God of reigns Long ago we were warned supreme. . . ' tne ; events wnicn are now transpiring m America, our beloved land of liberty; aland which the Lord declared to be choice above all others, where the fulness of the Gospel- of Jesus Cbrist has come forth, His Church been established, and; the gathering of His people commenced. This, no power will be able to stay; and those who are striving, to rouse this people to violence, hoping to uproot and crush out "Mormonism" will be a3 sadly disappointed as. have been all their predecessors. Numerous avu ueeu iiiuue lur our reuiuyai as a juuujuis to some island ,of the sea to Mexico or body South America. But having received no such teachings, nor revelation to that effect, but to the very opposite, and ..believing that when wo emigrate from these mountain regions, it will be to the spot from whence we weredriven.and knowing that the set- - time is near for the of that prediction, we look to the Lord to accomplish it in His own way, the same a3 He did the great move of Israel across the barren deserts to these rocky fastnesses, which He had reserved for them and the great multitude who desired to come out of Babylon. 1 1 . ? A , - v w vAjitw comes for our IU I tUlttlU return UUL11 LUC SCI UlUB take possession of those homes of which we were robbed and then driven out to perish in the wilderness. The over-rulinhand is apparent in this, too that Fremont and his men had explored one or two portions of this' great basin, but finding the soil dry and parched, they considered it altogether unfit for the" habitations of men. We. have cause to rejoice when-wreflect upon "the work has that been mighty accomplished in this valley. "A little one shall become a thousand and a small one u strong nation," said the Prophet Isaiah. Have riot this and many more -- of hi3 predictions been .fulfilled siuee tho early days of our pilgrimage when we could look forward only with the eye of "to g faith? Can I viiuiuwV - OSt VO I to tho priesthood, as has been charged, "when every faithful Saint in Zion may himself enjoy a portion of the priesthood? .They are bound together by no heirarchy, but by a love which 8urpasseth the understanding Of mau. Neither are they low and degraded, for such art al ways the quickest to rebel, while the truly wise will j.w.u v..un,uw n piuci ttutuunoj , lo mose whom they have willingly accepted as their leaders. Those who have embraced this Gospel are the freest people living. We are not muowug wiMrouj uu iu uieir pray era use the sectarians who suppose they Have nothing more to do than hold on to what theyjiave, nor to that false authority which has' been receive through the mother of harlots. Such things may do fcuMlujws who know not God, arid have not oueyea ins Gospel, but this ignorance can not exist among the Saints. Each one must receive a testimony from on hirh. indenemW of man'?. No matter how well educated he may ma uc, v can know mgu auiauruy;ne only for himself and.jnbt for another.- - Without this knowledge none will be able to stand for the time is here when all that can be shaken will he shakoa.? :rIt is n6tfor only a few to the exclusion of tho many, but all rqay know it O V -- . forUemacJvfs, Rnd'hy (his.meanr all irill bo i i . field? ng - . '- . , EVOLUTION OF tTHE PEACH. mcestorof the peach was Z purely a tropical plant that toucb orfrost tom lh Sh he by man s amg nature, the :peach h8a been produped, is so fragile that it be made to grow even in the aCd, . , porS aZ of the United State,; yet after man? of coaling and gradual acclimatization, ft was , o,Arabia.Mthe ung ipd the warm But instead of the rich kerne! b being the tempting food which the tree offered to the cultivator, as was the case with the parent almond in Arabia,, it was the husk which man ate in Persia; but' not the bard, green, indigestible, woody rind of the almond but the rich luscious peach. NOTES AND NEWS. M rs. TiOnisA Bethune a Dracticincr architect of Chicago, was lately elected a member of the American Institute of Architects. - ; Sadie Bay, although only 16 years of age, is the proprietor and editor of the Bucna Yvda (Col.) Wap does the editorial work upon ner paper, sets all the type, conducts all of the business of the office, and runs the press herand she has the self. It is a hand-presmuscle to perform the labor. Besides doing all the work enumerated, Miss Bay attend school every day. s, re-"qui3-ite ' -- "Mor-monism- ?" fm-(- ; of Persia. -- beings-r-offeri- i transplanted frorn the hot .-- y e , ri nil-- ' fTiincar UoAmo aha t-f j anu uy may uuui lnteiligeni one. are JUs even as God and His Son Jesus fulfilthis dwell "aT glorious theme to upon words that were spoken ment of the prophetic to be accomwas concerning the work that which is a marvel plished in the latter days.and and a wonder even in the eyes of those who have taken part in bringing it to pass. ' While looking over the Evening and 31orn-in- g Star, published in Independence, Mo., my 1833. eyes fell upon the following,written J une, and Tt is headed. "Israel will be Gathered," "There is something beyond expression that cheers the heart of the Saint while con-- . when templating such a happy day to come, use: everything will be turned to its proper the Spirit of God upon all flesh; will cause all "to fill the place of its creation, as in the day when all was named by Adam in the Garden, of Eden. The people of the Lord may. rejoice, for the time will soon come when they shall build houses and inhabit them, and they shall plant vineyards and eat: for as. the daya of a tree are trie days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands. They shall not labor in vain, nor bring forth "ioTf roubTc7foTthey are the8eedlrihe blessed of the Lord, and their offspring with them." Should not such a people rejoice in the midst of their tribulations, witnessing the fulfilment of the words of the prophets? and should not we and our descendants hail the days which were foretold, and the many privileges enjoyed through being connected with a people whom the Gospel has made free? Should we doubt the final triumph of No; I think not. Having been these troublous times, we ought of forewarned in this day to be able to meet the issue. While the emissaries of evil are working for. our destruction we can live our religion in spite of them or any other power this side of heaven. And Ziou's watchmen should awake and put on the whole armor of faith and stand in defense of the precious truths which the Almighty has committed unto us, and also proclaim them to the honest of everv nation, kindred, tongue and people. This is the mission of Latter-daSaints, and the Lordvill sustain those who stand in the defense of its principles. .'.We have proven that we desire only the welfare of our fellow eternal life and salvation to those who are still walking in the paths of darkness, desiring with all our hearts to- show, them the better way. Wc know how the evil one is blinding the eyes of the majority of the world to their own interests. We honor .those who are actuated bv principle, and are possessed, of the amount of moral courage necessary to defend the rights of their fellow creatures against their oppressors, who are moved by the same spirit that possessed Cain when he rose up and slew his brother Abel, whose offering the Lord had accepted, and gloried in the thing he had done, thinking surely that every obstacle was bow removed, and that the flocks of his brother would fall' into, his hands. But the doom of disappointment" which awaits those who are seeking the downfall of "Mormon ism" will be equal to the murderer's, when, in the bitterness of his. soul,he cried,"My punishment is greater . than I can bear!" H. M. Whitney. - . .jniToaucea religion, now Senator Edmunds, pending J in by Congress, is not only to take away the Church property, but to rob the women of thcprivilege of voting the poor, sorrowing, slaves priesthood (?) of a vested right, conferred upon them lor the purpose or placing them in a position to free themselves from the with ' the full ex"Mormon" hierarchy, that " they pectation of .our emimies - - .... -- Miss Kate Kane was one of the two attorneys who defended the three Italians sen- tenced in Chicago a' few days ago to be hung for strangling one of their countrymen. Judge Hawes in passing sentence referred to their counsel as .having done everything in be properly and legal. their behalf that could ly done, and as serving their case as faithfully as any attorney could. . Miss Mamie Dickens, the eldest daughter ; of Charles Dickens, has written a short biography of her father, which will soon bet published by Cassell & Co. Miss Dickens has condensed the story of her father's public life, and has also shown him as he was at home, with his family and at his work. She has given what will be regarded as the pleasantest pen picture of the great English novelist. The following sums are said to have been received by the respective authors for the works named: "Romola," George Eliot, $50,-00"Waverley," Scott, $3,500; "Woodstock," Scott, $700; "Life of Napoleon," 8cottr $90,-000- ; "Armadale," Wilkie Collins, $25,000; Lallao Rookh," Thomas Moore, $14,000;"His-tor- y of Rome," Goldsmith, $1,500; "History of Greece," Goldsmith,$l,250; "History of England," Goldsmith, $3,000; wVicar of Wakefield," Goldsmith, $300; "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire," Gibbon, $50,000; "Lives of the Poets," Johnson,$l,500;"Rasselas," John '" " " son, $500. : -- . 0; 7t' To some the experiences thev pass through are like beada upoq a stringt and when the thread of life is cuV they simply-ro- ll away out of sight and outof ; mind.' Ar new business here, a new friendship (here; here . a lucky accident, there a disastrous failure; here a birth and rejoicing, there a death and mourning; and, as the mind recalls them, it finds no special meaning attached to them and no between, them, except that, of, liihc ofl place. Another person comes out of each one fuller, stronger, wiser than .before,, A serious illness has led him to study the laws of his ; physical nature, and taught him how to. seci?re health for himself, Jixa family, and those wboEi he may influence. A disaster in business is,, siAed to the bottom, and new light is thrown on future plans,- - Or a. great happmess corflesi"to '. him, and he hastens to share it with others, or learns through it how he may bless others. Ho . is accumulating experience, not. simply , to, count it oyer and recall its pleasure or its pain' but to develop out of it all power and wisdom , by which his own life and the lirei of all rho" approacn mm may pe improved. 14 t Experiences. ; con-necti- on , 