woman:s; exponent. who instructed him to rrive of the Lord, .M quired '. n: l V i i i .il t h e ra i n n er i la n ces wild ui eir uretii ren , s how i n .Htf acknowledged their right.1, and privileges. Prest. Horne closed with an earnest desire that we might have grace sufficient for our day. Conference a djen mod for three .months. I . LIvAVKS FROM MY JOURNAL. . i - ' -- v iar Sii)gingi."The;tim. by the Secrcta ry,-M -- Hwvard. : .1. TANNKH. I hi a Y. L. M. I. A. the- (Aasra.-wait- etl ve-intt-nd- cdr fnr--?- me o r-- i rdn The fire went u cordr Kvery little while some one would speak then a- - general conversation - would- - follow-Som- e complained of cold some asked the time, while "others turned over and tried to look out i n to tlifi J a r k n ess. A ft er t h r ee o 'el o ck I wen t to sleep, aud waked at, daylight to' find that we .were on the tops of the .mountains, the ground - -- ti iTioendvotf somejeaves from my tmjmal hojnng a few " lw Infcresttner to vour Vpdm ; ; ,r- freshed. We made ourselves as comfortable as possible in out r recliuiiig chairs, but I; think njiue' of., us .slept .'.'very' soundly. ' "It stormed hard and was very dark"and many a yawning DEAR Exi'ONJiXT: I tn.-K-- Ill ill : ilrentaiHfhaGlmrcl came to Nauvoo" when I was fbiir vears-dlJ1IC been identilied with '.u.uu- ,iR"Il-n,I came this to peoj.Ie. valley in 1817, the hrt year of its settlement, consequently my knowledge of .the greatAvorhU outside of the of-'o-u leas-..imsHt- ep horse. Synopsis of minutes oTY L. M. I. A. of." this Stafce'of feren-cion,rh.cld .in the 1 1th Ward AssomblyRooms, Dec It), IHHil, Coun. 7 presiding. A llep the usual covered with snow. : i f; "assoof "exercises, thr& vera! open ;repnrts. ug ;Ciraeron wo ca me to the Royal ciations were given.. Nearly eycrv association ;m.HintaiusJiasbeeiv.coiaewhatlimit It had .lung heen vniy darling ambition to Gorge, where the rocks tower to a great height in the city" was represented, but'.' very 'few of on eacli side of us. A rock has fallen on the visit onee more the land of my nativity and track , a n d the t rain is ' r u n back behind curve ' those in the country, prohaJilyon account of --tire 'a relatives of my parents. InuTlield the disagreeable weather. ' J he report plainly while it is blasted and cleared away. It is ones of the.families, Fiiowed - that ; pnoplo V( re taking' but' those of my thejjlder marveloushow"theingenui own age I knew very little more interest in 'their meetings than, ever be' about. Tney were passing away one by one niake a road over these awful mountains; and in the for fore; programmes exercise, asgiven, until all were gone but one on each side of our to think that we should travel so quietly along, there is a decided preference ...shown for testi hoii:-c- . up. and 'down,'". where ' the', rocks almost meet Vi y father's sister and sis mother's my. over' our heads, and look as if they might drop mony meetings, and to aid those who. are difik ter w- re all that remained of that generation. on us any moment and crush us from existence. dentin speaking subjects. are often given, and On thy lltlr.of. April, 188-5- , 1 started out It'-is the '.members are allowed to. write tie ir called the Black Canon of the Gunnison; Y 'th a eoiii f to visit --jny; -pan ylo h tsr i hong tin drrearbti icin. Tivelvir m aliiif i j and blaelrand dismal' it 'looks except the tops'"'" friends in the east.- It seemed a great ulider ' Averei(da re covered with snow, papers t reported.'j start alone on such a journey. - I felf of the mountains, taking road The Stake Board wan repre-- c iiti'(i;by "Coum safe The in the side of the rocks, seems cut aV New York and after that I would asj.tr while the river foams and dashes belo us. Nellie Colebrook, who expressed 4icr )1o;j.sui e tru.--t to prov idence. J With my husbands blesn-inat the condition of the Officer' metliugthV7q and the kind wishes of my friends, I. left The telegraph wires are fastened to the rocks, was no w a larger attendance tiiao had Tvl-the depot at Pruvo at one p.m. Spring was it being impossible to set tdes for many miles. ' It is not 3torming but the wind blows been before. , , "early, and the fields were already green .with. so cold we that cannot use the observation car, Dr. K.. B. Pratt gave the financial report of --- ;"' gra;maiidJu ' - where we the Stake." coulTgei a better view of the scenery. and'thc valh'V'. looked like a vast garden, and Some of the inen button their overcoats ajul Prest. I'I S. Taylor explained .the use of "the air wavladen with nerfume; Passingc? into i ... out a little, but I do not venture.. fund, and urged the: presidents to have Spanish Fu k JJanon, ihc change is soon felt.. go Stop a few minutes at Curicanto. We hear their .accounts kept accurately. Meeting adThe air is quite cool and snow is on the another blast, and suppose th re must be journed till .2 p.m. with singing audprayer. ground.another rock in the way. An engine runs Afternoon session: After singing and prayer, Soldier's Summit, J p'm. AVe have passed ahead of the train, presumably Jo look out for.--(AninrDougal tlirotiglriifelnow".'.sheds and left an engine it danger. " " re min d two engines to bring us .up the hill. spoke Lof neyer having, had: any marvelous 8:10. Cloudy, but not storming. manifestations to convince her that this is the Wo leave-- ' Spanish Fork River, after which the WeSapinero, are out of the gorge or canon', which is fttwork of God, but many little tilings tended to water sheds trre t)ther ;way and we are over the teen iniles long. The mountains are low, but prove the truth of this Gospel, and that she rim oj the basin. Rain is falling, and the look high ahead of us. There is a distinqtte now feels it in her inmost" soul. mountains are white with snow. guished company in our end of the car. It mm. a .. u i i. . . ii - it i istleater4-l)-pmi- . Raining hard. the is suu i eci oi testimonies s& was jiio TTnw en jy naiCurtistr: aipoeOo "bishops and a": as had look ro3k3 is if the other speakers, Mrs: Mat tie and graltdffhe they scenery Tin.gey: Gunnison, 9:fo. - Croylah, snow professor. to for us on broken Mrs. Maggie Y. Taylor, who felt that hey pass covers the ground and is still falling. Crocks, ben purpose open above the elms Immense . rise throu'di. them track, daily received manifestations to 10:15. Ground covered with snow. It grows and look as though they might fall and crush monotonous. Sargent, 10:25, a, mining town. , of the' divinity of this work, but thought we The rocks and hills as we pass us in atom.--. were apt to be careless andiverlook them. Ye are winding around the Shawano,' 11:15. them One can look when Smith Mrs.'B. W. referred to the time; imagine very picturesque. tops of the mountains, so high. Away above she received her endow ments, a nd said feudal cast les. Terraces ai. d battlements rise the clouds are some of. them. for there are still "the'sons of the -- Prophet deny that ordinone above, another, solid and, impregnable---- " plenty above us. Such a fearful height can contrasted Gmfs of monuments ances were performed in the days of their, hue power, only be realized by looking at the awful chasms and ..Ihe feebleness man's with scenery decay. She, below us. Here are snow sheds; twenty-threfather, she was a witness to the contrary. had also heard the Prophet speak of plural is wild and grand, and baflles my powers of in succession,- - with scarcely aninutesuride The tons of them. Tt is ca marriage, and knew that ft was revealed to can '"'" the as far as back " tend ex eye ... '" and. him. flat, seems' on the very tops of the mountains, but w Mrs. Mary'p. .Young made a few remarks, reach, only broken herettnd there by additional there are higher mountains in the distance to and was followed by Mrs. M. I. Home. She castles and turrets or, towers. We pass a setthe left. We look down on the tops .of tall houses. seven of tlement advised the young women to read the Bible fir trees. It is fearful to look down so many . Another small town called Price There is thousands of feet. I shall never forget thenm and converse upon religious subjects, and be--- come better felt God honored his a nice station house. We are in Gastle Valley. posted. pression. lo be Lonluiuea. "handmaidens, for He 'gave a revelation' for It seems mostly hills and hollows, interspersed which from castellated rocks, the with to teach. gigau'tic Emma Smith, in which she was told ' the valley Is named, and which impresses the and expound the Scriptures. ; THREE WOMEN MINISTERS. Dr. R. B. Pratt thought our religion - the idea :that it has at some penoa oi time, oeeu or giants; and best, and that it compared-witthe Bible letter-tha- Inhabited by a race of Titans Editor Woman's Journal:' in consist-- , "that these- have been their fastnesses or strong the to .Referred other. .any Our city has been quite excited over the holds. o:o, Sunny Side; so called because the encies of the Methodists; spoke of conversations ordination of Mis3 Ida .C. Hulten. A large she had had with Gentiles upon these subject. :suushiues there somctimese The valley grows and fashionable audience' gathared in the An interesting letter from Prest. Mary- A. 'narrower, and we enter a canon. Church-10th the on Unitarian inst, to witness 0:40r A lew .spears oi giu rail, Freeze was then read,, Graisy r. her installation as pastor of that congregaare said to grow here. Water runs down the tion. Mrs. Clara James spoke in the .gift of tongues, '; on the mountains, and and was listened to by au almost breathless roeks f rom'snow melting beautiful and a is "a It w?as deeply impressive Price River is very muddy. Lower Price " because audience, and Mrs; Rida C. "Taylor, wl?o had a woman minisBeautiful, terraced rocks rising on" ceremony never before addressed an assembly "ofV,the very pleasant, station, the'-ter stood in had ' pulpit ready, to extend the one side to ikgieatjicight. Looks as if it Saints; gave the interpretationof hand fellowship. In the Joy and gladright all day. stormfcl-herCoum-Nelifew remarks were made, by ness of her heart; sha extended both hands, thtv 15th, o:35 a.m. Cimeron. , WtdneMlay", Colebrook. eXDressinrr "'her gratitude lor tne in hers the hands of another woman minulHS for breakfast- Brp. kelson clasping Twenty testimeeting, and that she obtained a strong minister, and showing by this loving clasp how in our tin cups on theJieating irake-unUa had. women arCto help one another. Rev. mony, and thought that everyone there for Sister Harrison and I. We eat willing Gonferenco adjourned for three month with stoves Mary A. Spafford, of Sioux City, wa3 fitly from ourMunch baskets and feel re bikfast singing and jirayer d to e M.-jDou- y - gaJf -- v-- : '.' - . -- pfe-young . - , -- E ; . g : r - to-da- . y, cenie - the-Stak- , 7 :. "', -, cs : ..... - . -- If I as-mr- e "alfh-'Ugl- f ' -- e be-twe- de.M-rintio-n. 1 " .' en lelPInairPassand " .. . . i . h - " , - ' ' - - : - e e, : i e. '" 