WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 16 assembled at the theatre in Mas Meeting to st-pass resolutions against such un- lawfulness. Jeers auu uncouth remarks should not deter us from our duty, when wo know, by our God, given agency we are right; shall we stand by as mere blocks, as though. wo had no sense or reason in our natures? No, it does hot meet the end sought, for this is a perverse generation; you will be happy in the fhotight and consciousness of having done your part to- Williams visited Franklin and all attended 44 and-prote- Eliza BETnLr CROwraEK. Woman's voice should be heard in defense of her rights, those of her family, amTof all -- she holds dear. A true patriotic spirit and feeling should acta ate her to do good in any and every sphere, though she may be derided -- under the appellation of "female rooster." There are some of the opposite gender who would intimidate us "and" try. to make us be- jieve we ao not kbow auyiumg .ounu hosu, scrub, make or mend for the whole, household. Do not be datfnled, ray sisters, in raising, your voices in the cause of truth and justice; we have immortal souls, and have a right to think; and act according to our honest convictions w ' " V. ' M '' 9J ' forms the mind3 of both nien and women, and that first teaches thera to lijp their infant whr hv Ker watchful eve. attentive ear and wordsof advice and cautioneads and gutc'es for cood the rising generation, when father is away, or too busy to attend, as many pve evidence, to such little affairs, as they would term it, that are woman's duty. A mother has this 'weighty, important duty, besides tending to outside affairs, when the father is absent," he, through sickness, be incapable of attending , to bis business. Mother of sheer, riecessity must take hold, not only in her own affairs, as some are pleased to term it, butane must also give her mind and strength in the direction of where bread and butter comes from, and if a widow, left with several small children, and no provision made by her husband, in case of such au event, is left to her own resources to battle with the stern realities of life. Woman, what would be your lot then , g-- ! ' The Sewing Machine of tho Age! ' Ixx TJso laa. "CTtah.. G5,000 UTo-v1 r' . . WOMAN'S VOICE. Dome s ti -- - o-r kiCi-Jr- rC 4 ward ameliorating the wrongs against this people. Can any. one possessing the Spirit of God stand meekly, by and their hearts not be stirred by such indignities? I say no, no! we may be learning to govern ourselves, and if our enemies smite us upon ona cheek, ttirn to them the other also; but may our hearts ever beat in unison with the Spirit of God to dictate-u- s in the affairs of life, is my prayer. : M. A. Till. , ' Provo. . LA NOTES AND NEWS.3 3S Mary Anderson is to - have her portrait painted in character, as "Salammbo.1byAlma fadema. Miss Mary F. Eastraau -- or-shoul- d your though ts, and the reason 'with which God has endowed you, had not many times reverted in other directions. Then exercise your intelligence, and rank side by tide with your partner, and help him to Fee aud realize that women have rights and pnvileges,exert your energies aud influence in and outside the homo circle;maintain your sense of justice and exprcise it; go to the polls and vote for municipal and other officers, who are to conduct affairs to which you and your children arc to be subject; have a voice in whatever concerns your relative weliare and the welfare of the community in which you live. Can a settlement or nation be built up with- out luo hiu iui wumaur : v erny, uu; me man is not without the woman in the Lord, and God-give- Away with such . , narrow-mindednes- s . that says woman's voice must not be heard except at home or trying to lead her children. One of our leading men of y taught in my hearing, if any one needs language to talk 'tis woman, to teach, guide and counsel her offspring, that by her tongue, good actions and wise example a noble race of men and women may spring up, that will learn to govern kingdoms. Then, woman, strive to gain an intelligent, patriotic spirit, that you may diffuse the same through your household, that those going out "therefrom may not' be misinformed, or ignorant, and know nothing but to eat, drink and sleep. If there are men who do not know your worth and position before your. Maker, show them that you sense it, aud that it is not out of a woman's line to comprehend the stateof affairs by which sue is governed. Sisters, let us not lie dormant and see our brethren and sisters trampled upon, as it were, and insulted by self asserted powers and unjust laws.; I rejoice in the ppirit ancJ influence cf .euh cmen as - to-da- Dom Indian Qustion at the coming meeting of the Progressive Friend?, at Long wood, Penn. 0 d One of the directors of the People's Bank in Stockholm is a women.. The publishers of Mi3s Cleveland's book say that it has had a larger sale than was se cured for Queen Victoria V book in England. newly-appointe- SALT LAKE; CITY, Utah. : MrarHleMrGoTigftOalleTSaTuraWJW to study the Irkh question among the people. She expects to return about September 2. The sixteenth adversary of Dicken's decease was celebrated at Boffin's Bower (1031 Washington Street,) .Boston, June 9. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Dry Gaadsi Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL ' and Brush Bucket. Alpine, Utah, Elvira Healy, beloved wife of Hyrum Healy.andj daughter of John and Elvira Carson, born February 28th, 1852; died May 24th, 1886. Deceased was an exemplary wife and mother, devoted to her religion and family. She will be missed by many living friends. Deceased leaves a. husband and four beautiful Uttle ehlldren to mourn her loss. - F. Auerbac h d GRADES AND NEWEST DE8IGN8. t2T W carry a larger and more H. S. ELDREDCE. Bro. . : EiT IJTZID TAME3 Sc CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER A STE A M FITTE R S PTnf n for RU0NISE YS celebrated LIFTand FO R . E the country promptly responded to. klmu tlTB Bm 3:3, UT UIl'cCT. -- Jij, Supt. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and ' Will be found the latest styles , CALL AND EXAMINE. coinpfct Stock than any house In tbe west. Myra. ' ' MILLINERY. Spring and Summer Goods ; "- V- MENTS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL A Fail and 'Jompleta Stock ot ' TOOLS AND IMPLE- - CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUG3 AND CHEMICALS, OBITUARY. Died, in , ELEGANT CUT GLASS, Patents have been granted to women during the week ending May" 25, 1886, as follows: Anna Dormitzer, New York, N. Y., Paint . if ESTABLLSIIED OCTOBER, 1888. The Queen Regent of Spain will maintain and educate at her private expense the children of those who perished in the recent tornado at Madrid. ;.- n 'vice versa, .." 66 will speak on the 2q, for Ireland Old Constitution Building, SALT LAKE CITY, ; J Main Street, pioductiona V in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, t FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant aortmenf of DBYQOOD S . Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Rhooe. U2, 114, 115, 118jfo Tey In-ant- 's 