The Rights Vol. of the 14. Women of Z ton, and the Rights of the Women of all 'Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAROHJ5, 188C. ft No. 20. i X "GIVE THE MORMONS THEIR RIGHTS." BY EMILY Whatsoever is Just, whatsoever is due. But to those who would crush us or fleece us by law, We can't for. the life of us kneel dowrrinawe- ;- H. WOODMAXSEE. To statesmen we turn, yea, we ask your protection, In the land that with blood was from tyranny freed; Must the "Mormons" y be the only exception To the hosts, who can honor their conscience indeed? Oh ye, whose brave fathers scaled freedom's proud heights n Concede to the "Mormons" their rights. The following poem was read at the Ladies' Mass Meeting on the 6th inst., and is published here instead of in its proper place in the proceedings. to-da- .Must the ''Mormons" be mute, when compassion is weep- ' ' ;T- ing? - - ; , . God-give- ; And sorrows unnumbered are right at .our door? Should "The daughter of Zion'' be quietly sleeping As if the dark day of her bondage were o'er? . Our wrongs and our cares must we welcome as sweet? Or walk bio snares that ar laid for our feet? "WOMAN AN INSTITUTION. It is a gratifying thought that everywhere zart, Handel, Beethoven and others of like renown. in their most abstruse music, were paint era and French scholars, yet whose same sweet hands could turn into all the mysteries of tho cooking department, the dairy, and heap the table with the work and adornment of their own hands, and do the honors, too, with admirable grace and skill, and then the half of their attainments are not told. Such women never dream of stepping out of their sphere; they know themselves aud their position, and simply hold their own as a regnant queen in their own domestic territory. Joan of Arc is to tbem not an "institution," but a revelation; they know that God has ever had His eraissarie?LahdinilarkBeasonstha- weakest instrument in His hands can wield tho power He bestows, and like Joan of Arc, carry out the mission to which He has ordained them, and proud man has t stoop his crest anriV marvel, as in the case of the woman named; her episode is one of the mo t remarkable an uneducated girl, yet she rose up like "one and having authoritdeclaT-edyhererfanwhat the finale should be, and it was so, and kings had to bow and succumb to her heaven-decree- d . there is a "discerning public " or we might see Like a whirlwind approaching, vile laws now are pending,. oftener than we do, "the blind leading the blind" consequence3,both.i'iallinginto-lthIf passed, all the pillars of Freedom will shake; ditch." I thought this when I read, some "Our cause is most just," yet it claims such defending; ' time ago, a piece headed as above, copied from "The Women of Mbrmondom". needs must awake, the Atlantic New Era. I pity the writer, be"Thus we humbly petition Columbia's nation, cause I know ho is only half alive, and it apTo frown on oppression and harsh legislation. pears to me that the sun of his moral system Our foes trouble little or nothing to mention, shines only on one hemisphere of hU. brain, n For "poor Mormon women" or wives." hence his obliquity of vision and obtuseness in Were polygamy only the bone of contention, understandingharacter and position; heeems The "Mormons" might vote all the rest of their to desire to assert something original, but hardOur foes may not count us smart, sensible fo'ksw ly knows what, eo he calls woman an institu-tioBut we see through their purpose, contempt V provokes mission. He seems never to have met or known r4Ve prize not their pity, whose aim isToTundePoets have ever been the prophets, to warn, a woman who can blend the useful with " A people who strictly to peace are inclined; the ornamental, therefore we will take to cheer,to elevate and. to chronicle the hisIf the "Mormons'' lose patience need any one wonder, it for granted that he knows nothing of a tory of men and nations, writing it in poems, -- Who considers or wTongs, by the crafty well educated woman, one who knows her epics and lyrics; they possess an inspiration-ye- s, designed, Yet they'll harvest disgrace where they hope for renown, if tliey live for it a revelation of the Spirit place and tries to hold and embellish it, who Who for power or place thrust the innocent down. can. train a child without "spanking" the sense' of God where they have perverted this out of it, but simply because ghe has a right to glorious gift ife would believe "their virtues We appeal to the people in freedom's dominions be obeyed, andt0i7Zbe; he only knows woman were all their own, their faults those of their million, who love what is right; ' puTo lhe in extremes, and his extreme is one that has education and country." Shuout the poets Must the "Mormons" be robbed for their faith and opinnever learned the art of governing nor ruling from the world and one might say, "Let us : ;." - ions and cannot train her children without loud have winter all the time!" Crush'd and ground, 'twixt the millstones of greed and of spite? But, oh! may women study and learn their ' talking and a copious supply of birch twigs. Is it needful or lawful to wrest freedom from us We believe in blending the prose and the mission, that which God gave them, when He , For what we believe, or for what wo can't promise? said, "She shall be a helpmeet for man.". He poetry of. life; this is the true philosopher's stone model Our all "that into converts alone can teach them by the whisperings of Our honor is priceless, our rights are all precious. gold!" is woman is indeed model his the not His Spirit; letthera turntheir spirit eye withwoman; Our affections are sacred, our householdsare dear; in themselves and study all the material that Our husbands are heroes, in spite of the specious . perfect by any means, only iu "sewing on buttons!" We And wonderful (?) rulings of Judges so queer, kindly commit him into her care,, lies there.often unknown to themselves; let them and request her to attend to him, for with all gather it up and utilize it for the happiness of Who shift their decisions around and around; her wonderful capability, she certainly has left themselves and for the benefit of their families Till for "Mormons" a verdict, of "Guilty'' is found. " him short in that appendage! and associates; this wilj render them fit to be , "The world loves its own" but it "hates us," and fights us, He may despise a Ilistori, a Sigourney. a come the teachers of their children, and lay a Our rights are withheld, and our friends are in prison; Hernans, and probably he despise beauty and foundation of future excellence, that when Yet we never are comfortless, always the righteous ' e .sublimity everywhere, simply because he does the' become men and women they may. be "Through much tribulation" to glory have risen. not comprehend anything glorious or heavenly; quaiiiiea ior important positions, mayiioi)ly Let the spirit of fairjiess quench bigotry's fire; Jaiit-hemuTfighrthVbattleoTTffe, and reflect honor upon Mormonswilt reap a IHhe praise tney desire. has ever established the fact that such, a re their parents and all whom they are associated with; there is also a rich reward for f ho.e who lights burning and shining to warm, cheer, eleJretold was our fate, of a truth "men revile us," and vate of reh'ne and aud the foes meanest set take pains to cultivate the faculties with which thus disguise; And motives, our console, that edify the spirit free from the clay, that unlock the God has endowed His creatures. Such an one Their black hearted falsehoods wftT fail to defile us, But the masses are misled by plausible lies. heart and braiu, that have been sealed up.aud can with truth echo the words of one of our Alas! that such libels, so stript of the truth; let "the captives go free." Who would not pity poets "My miid to inea kingdom is!" A Are read more than Bibles, by thousands, forsooth. the man or woman who was incapable of ap broad field of beauty and happiness is ever souls? open to the mind that seeks knowledge from Ifthevex'd "Mormon problem'' must have a solution. 'predating the charms of such mighty The domestic sphere is, of course, the theatre the many fountains of instruction ever open to 'Tis time something nobler than hate should be tried; -of woman's peculiar role, but did God intend alLwhoIdesire to drink atiheir streams ?ndre- Sure, the "Mormons'' have suffered enough persecution. her to be a dom,etic drudge? I fancy not. cruit their minds, when the body is worn down Yet sustained by their faith they have lived, they'have with labor and the sterile care3 of this In the severe reproof given to her in tlw Garthrived. . den be world. It is good to be from when to about it, ofTEden, The more they are slander'd and hanted and driven ejected labor is not named; that was especially man's and then we are inThe more they are prosper'd and favor'd of heaven. punishment; but every true woman desires to dependent and . trouble no one. We have a ; exiles Praise surely is due to the be a helpmate to her brother man, and she ever right to feed eur mind with every aliment 7 Who rescued from barrenness Utah's broad vales; is so. Can she not be so trained that she can that it craves and that is within our reach, law-Who built all the bridges, and levelad the ridges embellish the drawing room, the parlor, and -- i? ourjmperative.duty---todoso- . And braved all the hardships such settling entailed. - kitchen?an d also t us Let the r ,Tn deverT take the honey, bee for our, God blessed our endeavor; Tie rescues us ever. the scullery! Verily she can. We have seen prototype, that gathers from every source, often Though ev'ry thing fails, shall we doubt Him? No never. and known women, whose education had been the opposite of beauty and sweetness, yet by Our homage we yield. to the ilord our defender, of the first order, whose minds had been formed her alchemiffart, she turns all into "nectarious For manifold mercies, what less can we do? in the highest mold, and whose fingers would gold." "Knowledge is rower' and if rightly "To Caesar the ' Mormons," submissively render Mofly pver tho keys of the piano, developing applied, produces, happiness and wealth of e down-trodde- d -- n. fair-mind- -- a ed ; - st hen-the--" -T- : -- work-a-"da- self-discipline- d; -- stout-hearte- d . und lie-la- - lyJ?jla-r- H y 