WfUf . A 1 EXPONENl J' s emmeJje K Editor. Wells, Terms: hi Salt Uke.Cily, Published one cojiy on'.; year, S2.00; one copy six inMiith:-- , Si. 00. ' copies for the price of liiiif. : 'AdvertMng rutcs; Kach wj'i.w, ten '.lines of nonpareil '$3.00. A liberal dbcount pace, one time, ' to regular ad veitison--Exponent office, No. 2' K., South Temple. gate east of Petrel News OflVcr. P.iHmes.s hours froa 10 si.m to b p.m. every day, except S'iind.ty7" AJ'lrcsw all bu.fi nc.s eora;n!jiiieatims to' ;... VUMAMIEH WOMAN'S KXI'ONIT, T-ci- ' . 'i- Salt - '.Salt Laki; Citv. Utah. Lake Qtv, Ngvemukk i, )GSo. and guests were assembled on Bedloe's Island was followed by a signal gun, that announced the beginning of the ceremonies." Rev. Dr. Richard ' S. Starrs offered prayer, and Count Ferdinand de elements of freedom and religious liberty; There .'is something .specially' sacred associated in the Lesseps delivered an address in behalf of the nion. Senator Evarts made human' mind with mountains. Jenof God in - r ran address the .to "and the ceremony olden times went up into the mountains pray statue the of of show divine that records and offer sacrifices; the unveiling' Liberty then. took nlacei and was followed by a salvo from all the"guns in Jesus often w;ent up into the mountains; and perthe Jiarber, After music, President Cleveland secuted peoples, in various countries, who have tied in times of crusades against them, have gone formally accepted the statue:" An address was then' made bv the Representative of Ftinto the mountains for .safety, and to escape the' t: fit. Latter-dad'Iirnt ministry . terrible fate of religious lyrannyrr The nurmnaire ha rftusic More 'came ..A. Lflfaivre. Saints here that they might' vereligious by Gilmores' Twenty- Kecond Regiment-I5andand Chancry M, Depew treedom, and they established a goverhment in ac ' delivered a commemorative address. Ofd Huncordance with" the "Constitut ion of the United dred vvas played by the band, and the vast assemStates, and the local political arrangements wete in the best that could be, for a people settling bly joined in singing dpxology. The ceremonies time when came the the were cioseci w'ltn Deneuiction, pronounced by'the prosetmntry. But of had that and crowned the.'cfiorts Uight Reverend Henry C. Potter, D. D., assistant peace perity the Saints was interrupted,, and a series of trials .bishop of diocese of New York. A national then. fired simultaneously by all batteries and difficulties have arisen, and dark clouds have in thp Harbor, afloat and ashore. There was arf gathered JLhicker and heavier as time moved on- ward, until it seems a time of peril ; yet there evening illumination, of the statue, with fireworks on Bedloe's and Governor's Islands and the Bat-s.h.Quld .be Mo fear ; however- - strong the enemies of the Saints may be, God is able to overpower them teFy. Adihherinh niu.st was given at Delmonico's in the evening by. the with onlv" a handful of the faithful. Zion Chamber of Commerce. and will be redeemed, but ere that day cornes The banquet at the Chamber of Commerce was there may be aivcl must be- great and mighty faith e an elaborate affair. Mr.James M. Brown exercised by the pure in heart7 TheSaints have On his right were Messrs Albert Lafaivre, been instructed'' through the Scriptures; and and writings of the prophets of tin's age, Eugene S puller, August Bartholdi, Governor David B. Hill and others. President Cleveland that the severest ordeals will be required to test went direct from the festivities on Bedloe's Island the Latterday Saints, that they may be as gblcl in company with Secretaries' trLd in the faruace. This superior strength of on board the Lamar, .Bayard and Whitney to the Adams "Exciiaiacter, that comes through the discipline" of sulTering, is, what will purify and cleanse those press pier and walked to the depot, where The who are earnestly seeking to li.ve near to God and special train was in waiting to convey them to t-- do and Washington. trusting; It must be an. imposing sight to, witness such courage; though, tire way be ever so dark. The national ceremonies' and listen to such eloquent promise's of God cannot fail, and the courage born will of pain addresses; but arc the hearts of the people deeply triumph at last. impressed with the spirit of liberty? In the mem"Heavier the cross,, the sfrongcr orial speech of Hon. C. M. Depew, he says: .'J he loaded palm strikes deeper root; "The spirit of liberty embraces all races in a conK '""" r The yi mon brotherhood, and-i- t voices in all languages SVhcii "men "the clustered fruit. the same needs and aspirations." If The liberty of And cour.rge grows when dangers come, the A merican Like pearls beneat ti the salt sea foam. broader than , that-oany other nation as. the ''Heavier the .cross, the heartier prayer; colossal statue just planted on American soil is The bruised reeds most fragrant are; ' V than other structures commemorative of victories, If slcy and yind were always fair" science and industrial progress, then, indeed, will 'i he sailor would ncvatch the star; the people of the United States enjoy all the rights And Davi'd's psalms had ne'er been sung of free men and women, which may heaven grant If grief liis heart had never wrung.'',' to those persecuted and oppressed 4 & ' sake ancLbelief in an unpopular religious faith. BARTIIOLDI'S STATUE OF LIBERTY. That this event may be significant of a truer bond of brotherhood among mankind, and a The grand ceremony of unveiling the Bartholdj broader charity, that shall extend its mantle to en- ircle all who are striving after the light of truth Statue was celebrated with great pomp and parade on Thursday, October 28th, at Bedloe's Island. thaHt may herald in such a foretaste of the mil- leniurfr.-- ''is a consummation devoutly to be It is spoken of as "The Great Event," by .the wished." papers generally, and must have indeecf' been a red letter day in the history of the country. 1 he great city of New York was in.holiday attire, and EDITORIAL NOTES. crowds of people, fine bands .of music,, distinguished guests from the nation's capital and'other Women voters will notNfail, we trust, to cast and the French from cities, American"flags flying their vote on Tuesday, November 2nd, election the different points of. the city, the naval parade, 2ay; for the candidate of the People's. Party to the the labor parade,'the firing of guns, in which three Fiftietir Congress, .the Hon. John T. Caine, who all and Batteries took, part, these, many other has served" the people faithfully in the7past, and too to in numerous mention detail here, things, deserves an overwhelming vote. must have made. this national inauguration of this To encourage the patrons of the W6man's Ex S t atueof LJ !mjone of the gre a t es t events, of ponent, we have decided tp give to each modernjtimes. The telegraphic dispatches give scriber of the paper, at Christmas time, very full particulars, and are exceedingly interestwhich will be a suitable size "for framing, of one ing. In Broadway there were rnagnif cent arches of the most notable women of the Church Lucy of evergreens, flags and mottoes erected in front is Smith, the mother of the Prophet Joseph. It of the World building. The Tribune, Times, Sun said by those who were personally scquainted "Jfail, Express- and other newspaper buildings with the lady, to be an excellent likeness. tastefully decorated, as also many other elegant. structures, in honor of the event. R. S. Reports of Utah and Box Elder Confercrowded- "The music that was played while the officials ences, poems'and other articles have been for with 'itSi.migh.ty bulwarks of strong mountains and.towering hills, it seems a place of safety, and refuge for the oppressed, and to possess the very . - Plpni-f)nfr7tiiiir- y t -- , , - ' TRIALS TEND TO STRENGTHEN- AND J'URIFY. - ' The condition of affairs in Ziori at the present time is calculated to siir.the hearts of the Latter-day Saints to their innermost depths. One rnn rrndilv snv there is no parallel tmiienifcMjit state of things in the history of the Church.-- It is as inuugu iijc jjcujuc siuuu ujwii nil- - uiiiiiso ui i precipice, so near are they to an impending crisis. And vet many are at casein Zion. notwithstanding the warning voice of of the heralds of salvation, ind ih rnndant (firhincs :mfl instructions th.'it are offered By those who arc placed as guards and protectors to the people. The rapid fulfilment of ancient and modern prophecies is startling, and i . V . 1 - . . ' - pre-side- d. sermons, Vis-patc- ing in of the threat judgments that precede the coming of the Son of Man. Yet with facts and terrors, as it were, staring them in the face, many refuse to hearken and are. as indifferent to that which is transpiring around them as the heathen, vh,o..kiow not God. 3 1 is indeed "a time for watchfulness, diligence a time to labor earnestly and with and pra-erzeal in every good cause for the building up of alb-these -- ; .... - -- the ' , mUCIi ICill WUI K. O. here: is kingaom-tH-Godn- ip IU UU III U1C UUIIUIU Ul A tUIjJILS d and the labor to be performed in them for the the dead, no one "can estimate. With $uch; responsibilities resting upon them, how can the people give way to folly and extiavagancc,forget- ting the weightier matters.' What crowds of children and young people are growing up in Zion ; and what magnificent prospect are before them, if they will only seek to' attain tp the fulfilment of their destiny, and carry out in their lives the precepts and teachings so freely given to them, blessings lie about them, if they will only live so as to claim them. But the Lord has said He will have a tried people, and those who have set out for "the prize of the high calling," will have to accept the bitter and the sweet; and humble themselves sufficiently to pass under the chastening rod of the Almighty, and murmur not at His dispensations, but accept all in the spirit of meekness and forbearance, knowing that it will "workuout a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory," than to slide along without the rich experience and development that and discipline give to the character of a "v Saint. . There have been more than seven years of prosperity and plenty for the people in these valleys of the mountains; Zion has indeed become liv-an- self-sacrifi- ce " suuiiih iiidti; lcspctis, -- OI Lue dnu-uic-itiUW- llS earth have looked upon her with envy and jealousy according to that which has been written. The Lord has made the earth fruitful for His people, and water has sprung up in many waste places, and the "husbandman has been amply rewarded for his honest toll in. uhdujmjr the earth, and re deeming it.. Good and wholesome laws and regulations have been laid down herc; in this land, where freedom seemed indigenous to the country -- . 1 lis-wi- inHim-.forsi:ppQ- ll, . rt fa-itfi; . Of eelTy-Issuc- have-prc53e-d . -- eoeC'sla' much-greater-a- nd f j ; -- " - e 