44 WOlAN'S EXPONENT. domestic happiness with the father of their childONE OF A SERIES OF LETTERS. the made for laws "Mor. ren, arc, by special mons," debarred of every privilege, of association Utah Penitentiary July ut, 1886. with the husband, except a bare support. Editor. EMUELlE B. WELLS, To Mv Family: . . --These women love, their husbands as truly and as loyally as any other women,and we say It fearlessly, n'Salt Lako City, Utah. Terms: Sometime has passed since I wrote you, and I 7Z. VaWfah! are and onehonorable, upright oaa oopy they judge year, I2.0CT; one"; copy lx month, $1.00. Ten am something at a loss where to begin or what ' them ye who. dare. copie for too price of nine. would prove most interesting. AdvcrtLilnjf rat: Each square,. ten line of nonpareil But this Is not all, there are young women (who There are some scenes in prison experience, jp'ice, ono time, 82.50; par month. 88.00. A liberal discount have our mothers of small tenderest the sympathy) o regular advertisers. now and then, which may be anything but children, who have not passed through all the South Temple Street, ccond Hxpovknt oflke, No. agreeable, yet even here, we" find no cloud so per- . of fl.m : 1. ... ?. older . some ones . ..i:. that have gat'j east of Deseret News Office. Business hours frow 10 stages persecution i 114 - uui 11 may Dear a uirttR.ut33, " to 5 p.m. every day,excopt Sunday." icciiy cuvewjcu done, whose lives are only just begun, as it were, all hyiaew communications w bright and silver lining; no picture so, dark and who have entered into solemn' and eternal covenI'L'CHSHIMt WOMAN'S EXPONK.NT, sombre, but has some redeeming feature, some and huswhose bound hearts are ants, inthe Utah. SaltLakk City. up bright and beautiful point which may be seemhere band's affection and devotion, even though others and there when very closely" observed. This ob- 'have with ties these themselves are i8S6. equal rights Lake Salt August 15, servation is truly applicable to us in our expeCity, being severed with impunity by. the cruel law made of prison life. I. will relate some incidents to punish "Mormons;" these young and beautiful rience SOME SALIENT POINTS. embracing the epposites light and shade sten women these honored wives and devoted mothers, in the picture of life in the Utah PenitentiaryTT j'jp are no no no social in in status issue at the given some are moral, There legal, very grave points the first place .1 will mention an interesting occurthe discussions upon these questions. What will "Mormon question," that it would pe well for rence which happened.onjtbe 20th of last month, be the condition these of the 'fact and all in suffering, public generally,.and Congress at an ovation given in honor of Brother Henry defenceless women ? The husband is either in those who arc uninformed upon this popular Gale, on his liberation from the Penitentiary, havprison, or he has left the country to avoid imprisontheme to carefully consider ere they pronounce ing served his term of imprisonment. The followt 11 J ment, or he is under indictment, or in anticipation ing minutes describe the circumstance: of it, and is totally unable to give such attention ' tress the innocent, and thereby bring condemnao In room No. 3 in the presence of some to his family as is positively necessary and morally tion upon themselves, for they must be aware of conclusion of a short speech by persons, at the the Savior's words, "What measure ye mete it binding upon him, because of "the law." The Brother HenryaIe, BrotherLorenzo Snow premother must care for and train the children exshall be measured unto you again." . sented him a beautiful cane in the following First, consider the peculiarly trying circumstanclusively, while her own heart' is being tortured , language: ces under which this people left the borders of and her most tender feelings outraged, what will Mr. Chairman: be the consequences of such conditions upon civilization and migrated to the Rocky Mountain these young mothers and their offspring? And region, a journey unpareiieieu m tnis age ot the 'With your'permission aad tbatjof this respectwho is to be accountable? world: The perils, hardships, sickness and death able and intelligent assembly, I beg the privilege which marked the way, of which the most thrillOne of the great writers hi our time has said, a few words to our esteemed friend of addressing so"' ' ever that touched narratives thebuman "All but felons heart have their these ing and' fellow prisoner, Brother Henry Gale, and might be written. people are not felons, and moreover, in the face-- of presenting him .a small present in behalf of his all the world we affirm that a plural wjfe:lsnot second, ;ne mats ana aimcuuies enatirea by many numerous friends whom I now have the the people, including women and children in the a polygamist ; and yet upon thewtledoes the honor of representing. early days of the settlementof these valleys.when of Edmunds the penalty lpufaifheaviest. "This pretfy cane, Brother Gale, which I here scarcity of food and clothingcombined with the Can the Congrejsfthe United States afford hold in my hand, and which I have been author dangers to be encountered among Indians and to push and harsh measures, until ized by your friends to give you at this time, is a wild beasts made every day eventful in the history had every phase of this question exsubstantial hickory stick, braided over with hair "of the people and the country. amined thoroughly by honest, competent and unin a very artistical and beautiful style, also The inciden&peflaining to the journey ingTnd . prejudiced persons? the initials of your name. the sojourriings of this people from the time they We appeal to the mothers in this fair land of freeam "I requested to say that this beautiful left their homes in Nauvoo,mntil Salt Lake City dom and religious liberty, who want good laws souvenir is given you in consideration vasou'nded and the desert lands subdued and and for their own sons and daugh. highly approved course of conduct, your quiet, maae iruitiui, can never oe written as tney trans ters whom they love so tenderIy,to remember that peaceable, uncomplaining, unaccusing spirit, your, pired, and the bearing they have had upon the ".Mormon" mothers have hearts as tender and true " amiable disposition manifested not only during hearts of the people it is impossible to tell. as their own,and we ask them to pause ere they proyour severe and protracted illness, but during the Third, the generation born and reared amidst nounce judgment upon men and women. who, for whole period of your incarceration; and we now these peculiar conditions, which have stamped a religious principle they hold to be divine, have enpresent this memento expressive of our kind feel themselves indelibly upon the character of the' tered into sacred and holy covenants.that are bindings and high esteem, together with the fond hope children now grown to manhood and womanhood them for time and all eternity. ing upon that your halth will so continue to improve, that is another potent factor in the"Mormon" question, Is there : not sin enough in the world already, only a little time will elapse before you can disand it may truthfully be. said of them as of the without ruthlessly entering into the sacred sanctu pense with this cane as a support, and carry early New Englanders, "A new order of manof happy homes and breaking human hearts, ary as an ornament, out of respect to its donors, hood appeared shaped by the dangers and diffasunder that which God has joined torending a like iculties of the time." Certain it is that children young man in his prime and full bloom of the indissoluble ties of marital companiongether, life." vereorn, and it is very awkward, at least at this ship? late date, to declare they had no right to be born, Herbert J. Foulger, These are a few plain statements, not embeland having been born, and with characteristics as" lished, and they come from one who knows whereof our fellow prisoners and associates, strong and marked as the mointains that over-- ' of she speaks, one who loves the Jand of her outside of the marriage relation, are suffering for shadow the valleys they love so well, with the rewould and not have its record sdiled with birth, crimes of different shades, from the stealing of a ligious elements of their natures so fully developed such outrages upon women and children as are calf to that of the terrible crime of murdering uuu,1 iimciiung iime sciiica convictions 01y the parents, now being perpetrated upon those who are powertheir fellow man. Some of these, and iventhe whose is now an acknowledged fact, less in the hands of wicked and unjust men, who last mentioned, who,-habeen convicted of the are they not entitled to life, liberty and the Wess- - think, all measures justifiable because their vic- highest crimes known to man, bare shown that are "Mormons usurpers and4-tithey still possess some good nd redeeming quali- adventurers to take away their place and rights Fathers and mothers,husbandand wives, statesties; one and all have exhibited kindness and reof inheritance, socially and politically? Are they men and philanthropists, as you expect justice at spect towards myself and the brethren. In some to be disfranchisedjbecause of the religious s that tribunal where we must all one day stand cases, at lea.t, their punishment seemsrsevere and . of their parents, which has descended to upon our own merits, to be judged of the deeds cruel in the extreme. I listen now and then to a them as a right of dower and has become endone in the body, mark well how you deal with few of their unhappy tales, which awaken feeling .. grafted into their very lives? this oppressed' and persecuted people, and of interest, sorrow and sympathy. One, a man of espeFourth, what of the wives and mothers, who with the and young cially inexperienced, and some thirty years of age, while wandering in the having obeyed the most sacred impulses of their is for the practice .of their mountains, and in distress for food, killed a calfr religious nature, the yearning for maternity, have entered convictions that they are now for which he was arrested, convicted and senarraigned and into conjugal relations, implicitly believing that before the brought as firm as tenced to seven yelrs imprisonment. An Indian Congress could not legislate against a marriage those which caused our forefathers to leave home solemnized by a religious ceremony; and after boy poisoned a man for having murdered his and native land, and 'seek shelter and refuse in an father, and although he declares himself justifieo! aving spent all the best years of their lives ia unknown and unexplored wilderness. In committing the act, the poor fellow is now serf Woman s Exponent semi-monthly- . ,? God-fearin- g, oc-curi- ng -- -- i-- 1 1 -.l- d-lre.J , heart-broke- n; . .. -- 1 1 fifty-tw- . ; legal-rights;- " ' theses-extrem- e thjsfe of-yo- ur self-protectio- n Sec-Ma- ! ..ij 1 1 self-sacrifi- ce ve ings-ofahi- s ms senti-raent- conrts-convic- tions ny 