165 WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. toll mejaw they themselves were driven across . ' return until the struggle 'was past. Now they . iL. ! . r ii i be- - not belfeye in Brigham Young, and "will not ex- - j -- ever received a revelation upon and taught the marr!arO ". T"n nno ivAman i fnrinriml, of nlural ..w. f- who related the circumstarices of the skirmish there when the Esquire took part in it, and became convinced of the truth of the GospsI, who told me how she had suffered, and it was Indeed pitiful, T- -l buuuiiu. an Stiu, aim uiitlj die yuu I1UI still Saint?" She said, " Yes, indeed. f. a r i. ti i 1 am, out uoi a urignamiie. oeiong to the I know Church, Emma was a good "original o n and tru nnrl n"rc!ctr1 ?n u;nm niMn 1 Latter-da- y t j. ' . that Joseph ever- - had more wives or taught any such doctrine. On her deathbed she declared it to be false, that he ever had entered into or sustained any such practise." I interrupted her with this question, "Madame, you say you knew Eliza R. Snow. If she were sitting here where I am "sitting, and declared solemly to you that Joseph Smith did teach this doctrine to her, and that she was actually his wife, would you believe her?" "No," she replied, "I" would not." "Then," I replied, "there is no use to try to conyince you of the truth in the matter. Several women have testified before a Justice of the Peace that they . . . i. : u: :.. anu-yuuc wcic ins wives, auiiuy iucAiviiiSi, nounce them all as impostors ?" "I do !" she said. Then she went on to tell me about Maria Lawrence's marriage to Babbitt, and that she had two children to him, and that she had waited upon her when these children were born, and she had talked with her a very greaTdeal, and she was sure if Maria Lawrence had been Joseph's wife as afterwards represented, she would have told to her, Brigham married Maria Lawrence to Almond Babbitt, shesaid,but Joseph did not practise these things.. She told me several other similar things, evidently she had been trusted with some things, and allowed to qut her own construction upon others. I think there are a set of cranks in and around Nauvoo, if there ever were anywhere in the world. They have had two or three money schemes, but they all failed, and seem to leave them poor. Some of the folks wish the Mormons had stayed, and think that Nauvoo would have been a great city by this time; others think the place was cursed because the Mormons were shamefully abused, and so on'. The Icarians have left there, and the larger proportion now are Germans. A great number of Roman Catholics, who have a nice Church, rather unpretentious, though the steple is very high, Catholic Convent for girls, and a department for boys. There is a small Methodist Church and a : U..4uiu is- nuii upcu uuw. ti lucre is a .uniciu, uui iL.t sort of mixture there, such as I have never seen before; old Mormons who have lost their faith, but stand up or the people, another class who have become 'Josephites, and then a dozen other kinds; then Germans, French and Jews, a few of the last, but society such as you usually find in a town of 1,500 people appears unknown. One incident I want to relate to you now, lest I should forget it when I reach home. I learned, while in Nouvoo, that Major Bideman's son had recently married, supposing it to be a son of a former, wife, I was utterly astonished when, on my call at the mansion, I was introduced to the young bridegroom, to see he was so boyish looking; however, I did not betray my surprise, but after leaving inquired what it meant, as 1 had been told this young man's mother had been married to Major Bideman about a year after Emma's death, and, of course, this boy must have been born during Emma's lifetime, so I said, "He is the Major's stepson or adopted son," quite, innocently. "No' said the young man, "he is his own son, and he married the woman after Emma's death to rifht -- u i. T -- ,tU' the wrong he had done her in Emma's life' "O," satf. "Yes," sid he, "Emma sent for her to come and wait upon her when she was lying sick, and told the old Major to marry the woman after she was dead. "It was the best he could do," said the young man. O, thought I if Emma has begun righting wrongs, she has plenty of work on hand. Who can tell? Her life was no doubt unpleasant enough, with that curious specimen of humanity Major Bideman. He was very cordial with me, and he seemed to take a great deal of pride in boasting of fighting for the Mormons, and ver and over repeated, "Yes, I did it then, and I'd do it again.". I saw Dr. Weld he - told the same sort of thing in substance, though in a quiet and dignified way ; also Morrell, the lawyer, who married Lavinia Hibbard; all these men, you know, were Gentiles, but Mormon sympathizers sneeringly called bymobderats, "Jack Mormons." If one wanted to hear how the mobs treated the. Mormons,-thelet them go to Nauvoo and hear these old settlers talk; it's enough to make one's blood ruVcold. I have not told you muchafter all, but the letter is surely long enough, and I have to go out on an errand now, but I do assure you I shall be very glad to get home and see you once more. Your father's house in Kirtland has been des troyed, so Mary Bond told me. Such lots of places are gonethat were good when we left Nauvoo,, Teven. Ruin and desolation have been the effects after the drivings and persecutions,antf yet men will not be warned. While riding down the river on the train from Montrose, I heard a gentleman ask another what place that was across the river. "That's Nauvoo," said the man, as if witha sort of pride. "What, where those abominable Mormons lived?" said the questioner. "Well," said the man, "everybody will not agree with you that they are an abomination," and then went on telling him what a charming place it was said to be when the Mormons lived there, but the man" was furrious, and I guessed then with what horror he would have looked upon me had he known I was a "Mormon." So goes' the world. Loye to all the family Lillie, Gennie Charlie and Flod, and Mary and her children. Lovingly, I . . Emmeline. For the Exponent. DEARH OF MRS. MARINDA A. HYDE. "Would it be worth the having or giving, The boon of endless breath? Ah! for the weariness that conies There is no cure? but death. of living Ours were indeed a fate deserving pity, Were that sweet rest denied; And few, methinks, would care to find the city4 Where never any die." Sister Hyde was elected President of the Relief Society of the Seventeenth Ward Feb. 6th, 1869, eighteen years ago, which position she has honorably and creditably filled until her death, March 24th, 1886. She is the third of.the first five officers chosen at that time who have closed their record life, and gone to receive their reward in a nobler and higher world. Hers has been a very eventful life. Suffering and coming in the early days of the Church, and . being placed in many trying positions, gave her a knowledge and experience above many. She was a noble example of the Christian graces. When her family or friends were in trouble, she utteredahe words of comfort, of patience and cheer. She stood by my side while the dear life slipped away whose loss brought me the deepest sorrow and acutest pain I have ever known; While she held me in her arms, she soothed the wild surging waters of grief, telling me that God the Father had permitted this, that He never made a mistake did all things well, and, above all; loved for-th- is : those on whom He laid His chastening nand. Her child-lik- e faith, coupled Twi t h a suWfmHojv of Godmade her a friend always to be loyed,and never to be forgotten. Among our labors with the poor, when we have been tried, she would, say, "Well, God made ; them," and we must make the best of them." Thus breathing into the Society, not only a charity in works, but a charity for the feelings of all God's creatures. With us who have Jabored with her so long, I trust that her example will never be forgotten, and that the" love, charity and mercy she taught us wilf remain with us through life. According to our best ability, we have aided and succored the poorr Quoting the words of Jesust ?she would say, "Remember the poor, for them we have always' and "Even as ye do it unto the vleastof these, ye do it unto me." To say that we shall miss her, will express but very weakly the deep feelings of regret her death has caused- - Yet for her sake we should be glad, To think that now she is not feeble, nor in pain, but her gentle, cheerful spirit free to enjoy the beauties of eternal worlds, is with her loved ones gone before, mingling with the Church of the First Born, where she will, watch and wait for her loved ones left behind, and welcome them one by one as they shall reach her. May the blessings of God rest upon her sons and her daughters, her relatives and friends, and may His peace, which passeth all understanding, be and abide with her youngest daughter, Zina, who has been her companion for so many years. May that sweet submission to the providences of God fill their hearts as it did hers, and may their prayers, reach unto Him who has jsaid He would heed the orphan's cry. She was the mother of ten children, six of whom, two sons and four daughters, are left to mourn her loss. She leaves twenty-si- x grandchildren and nine gre children. Sister Hyde expressed her gratitude that she had lived to see the Society Hall built, paid for and dedicated. About one hundred members of the organization followed her remains, after the mourners, from her home tothe- meeting-hous- e, where many sorrowing friends were assembled. Addresses were made by Apostle F. D. Richards and J. H. Smith, who Jjore affecting testimonies to her worth, integrity and faithfulness; also ' by Bishop O. F. Whitney, who said she had taken her recommend with her to the Church of jhe First Born, and to her. would be said, "Enter,thou hast stood firm, where many have trembled; thou hast been faithful, where many have fallen; enter intoand enjoy the presence of thy Lord!" Bishop Tingey bore testimony to her labors among the poor and distressed of the ward,'of her kind and generous heart, and prayed that her " family, and the Society who had labored with her, would folloyr her noble example. After the benediction had been pronounced, we affectionate adieu of Sister Hyde, all took-awishing her joy, rest and peace, and congratulating her that her trials were oyer. While the friends were viewing the remains, the choir and Society sang, "Weep, weep not, for me Zion," which has been a funeral hymn to us, as each one of our number have passed away. A large cortege followed her remains to the cemetery, where, after the dedicatory prayer by Bishop Whitney, they were consigned, to await the coming of the) Son of Righteousness. Lydia D. Alder, Salt Lake City, March 27th, 1886. . . at-gra- . - n ! , THE LADIES' APPEAL. MEMORIAL FROM THE WOMEN OF UTAIIL TO THE PRESIDENT AND CONGBE8S. The committee appointed at the LadieV Mass Meeting on March 6th to memorialize the President and Congress of the United 