WOMAN'S EXPONENT: 100 -- emotions that flood theoul to overflowing, one might well jnistake it for a strain oi music qui of 'the unknown' realms, played by a seraph's J "had pass away to w betterworl7l, having had two die in Utah with the diphtheria. It does.. mu. kmyjj.v utu u, HUO 01 CJ14CS, 1U lUU-Mi l, and the cities of) ,087; now the cities seem hard to part 'Vith .tjie dear ones we love FO well, but we must be tried as gold seven show 8:f,9.:r. and the towns 814,070; balance us fbr our Maker's presence. I times, in favor of the cities was 257,Go7. To sumhave eight children, and. they were all sick marize, the gain m the whole state since, I860 -all- - recovered tin the cities has b?en f wj th - the fever-buexcept my li ttle babe. I send "a few hes t h a tT e 0 m p"osed cent "Census, of 1S7". in (he towm 18 .state has the balance, in iS'io, fo the rimuvd , I 1 hand. Whilo I retrace the way to my corner by the fire, to resume my .soliloquy, my thoughts to-purif- y -- hWepown3far,farzavvay "to'anoth'cnJAhdtQ jr 1i one, an exile, "who sits alone, perchance, and p-- " to his memory. exThe sickness and deaths in the community HTnoi-- "diver gcntra?-vshalldinwby from 1 8G5 to. 1d75 nearly, have caused quite a melancholy time. There amp! -- two -- rvVMrileatlH- i a--srou blttHls j pt'HffrttftfrHt -h mQnth'S,"aiTI" few in town-easthis so and there fewer still a place, inicTCsts. being "Florida, farming turing attend to their in who care meetings, we are like .of theuturefvvhen those now craelly?eparatcd of Adams, on the mountains, hud 18(io, we the of are mixed and of 001 in the of fish, parable onIyten, may clasp hands again, and the desolate honus -- i:i 187H, 572; a deereas1 ' vearf! In the rbove decide Worcester gained many kinds.' be filled with glad songs of praise and thanksThere has been but; one Relief Society 4J 71 ;Spene-- r, 2 427; 10if)2; giving. Sfnce 4 87oWoro-sterha- s . i ., Aunt Lm. meeting' held Jh is' summer, and that was held In the same lime Charlton, 'on the 7th of this month, therelTeing only gem eo was very discouraging to Prtsi-- d Ii:h lost 5)0. tv.'cive mile- - 1Vo:m Worc-.-te- r. in is".Wh nt oik- of a line of fine farming ipple.T She is ngood woman, and. so .Charlton 'town, beginning" 'with- North Orange, going .are her Counselors. .We have held several silence of the night fancies out lie hears the music of the past over again ; and Ahe dry leaves rustling anil "the -- voices in the -tmn t 07 nifpn wttrcr' m miy minders of the past but prophetic harbingors ay-DC-- - a-- -ro are growing tendencies The7"cuntrastinge e es:--Ada- a-fe- - t-' - w ms -- - t- -- t-- t South--bridgetl;G0- ; 0. ,. . hich "four-present,-w- decline of population rural massachusetts. " - t 1 - --- -- in-tcr- est do-righ- s " 'e?tb xs,-orhovlsrora- - ' were made, with not a large shop, --110 r a "great factory places in and around which there used to bcceutered so mucli that was genial,, social, so much of the very nectar of human happiness have largely become silent, going to decay. We will be thankful they "are not city, or a large, 11 ; y , utterly extinct. rr ambitious village, has drawn the business" to . . lie i is put down as 2,1 53,597. Now notice what follows;- The centre of population of the state - tUwTdne mile of the S t ate liouse, w hThT the geographical or territorial center is near Lake Quinsigamond, within the city of Worcester." What a preponderance Boston has! Its voters, 80,851. Again: population is "The cities of Boston, Cambridge, Chelsea, and Someryille, and the towns of Arlington, Brookline, Everett, Maiden, Medtord, Melrose, Revere, Watertowu, Winchester, and Winthrop, comprising territory within a radius of eight miles from the State House, contains. 480,410 people, or 20 jier'cent of the whole population of the state. The same cities and towns, in 18G5, had a population of SJ52,r77," showing a gain of 127,842, or 3bVper cent. If tho 'radius be extended to - twel ve miles from the State House, and to the cities and towns enumerated there be added the cities of Lynu and. Newton,. and the towns of Brain tree. Ded-haHyde Park, Hull, Lexington, Lynnfield, Milton, Nahant, Needhani, Quiicy, Heading, Saugus, Stoneham, .Swatuscott, Wakeli-ddWaliam and Woburn,it is found that Boston and territoiy within twelve miles have a population of G0.4J00, or :X per cent of ihv whole population of the state." . Still again: 'Tho relative population in cities and towns in Uic 300,-40(1- ; - JBol-mon- -- - , t, lle-lie- - S(-ciet- -- itself and concentralexHriirt"7Trurrt, towering aFairs, all under one capital and head. The census of Massachusetts lor 1875 pays: "The number of .toAvns in which the population has decreased is 1142. , The losses have taken place in small farming .towns, as. a rule, remote from markets," and not well accomo' dated by railroads. - "Massachusetts, of the Ignited Stains, stands seventh in rank as to total population.;. For density of population this state stand.-- , first in rank, having, in 1875, 211,78, persons to the square mile. "The population of Massachusetts for-3 885 "Is-- th' rough d - wl Barre, Athol, .Vr-ha'm- , meetings consisting of President, Counselors and Secretary, biit we enjoyed the Spirit of the Brookfield, and Dudley," and across- ConnectielseLord whenever wc met. Some of the sisters cut to the' Sound.- Omhts stretchy as live, quite a way .off, perhaps that is one cause where, wherever the indentation of the num-d p n thenl 14 a nts ha.but, hoping that -vr-f)- f-i we may all live more closely to the Lord, and in agriculture there has been a, decrease, no matter what the continuity t'. markets, or. sec the error of our ways for the time has t ourselves whether come when we must the excellence of the Soil. "Of the towns and. cities in Worcester county, 40 show a gain our neighbors .do or not, and, hoping toahvays and 50 a loss." And this is the central county enjoy the gotwl spirit, we remain, Your, sisters in (he Gospel, of the state, reaching from Xew Hampshire to .. Hakhikt Wtiirj'LK, Connecticut. The counties' ot Barnstable, IdTry "AIcN Eil. conrii. ;Dukesarjd Xantucb. t have lost-nThe soil is sandy, but they have the glorious advantages of tlio sea- - Were the country new, HONOR TO WHOM HONOR IS DUB. and to be sc ttf d bvueh as the ancient (jTrejeks-oPhoenicans, into ihese counties wtaild they At Pima, Arizona, a 'pleassint and enjoyable crowd the most. The town "pf Parnstable def was given to Stake; President of clined U20 in population within ten years; surprise on Wednesday, Wilmirth Sandwich, 741. Sixteen towns in Franklin i it being her s x t y s e c o n d birthday, .ivJJth,. in inliablfantsT 17 are Jerks)aie losing county, .by the Relief Society and Young Ladies' AssoIn the former, Shutcsbury, not unknown to poStake. About 2o0 ciations of the St litical agitations of earlier days, sitting upon of the breth re 11 ai d Joseph si? ters were present, a ni ong its high hills, in ten years fell away by' 23(.k whom was hi Ilamp-hir.In county, Cumminglon, persons. high terms cd' praise of the way in which Siswliere Unnni. was. born, Peittam, which lieard formed her labors as President"' ter East had the notoiious Burrows preach, and thirteen., of the Relief p;o Society of 'Sr. Joseph Stake; said Middlesex on a decline. 'In .other towns are she was truly a mother in Israel; always on 1 ) racu ml-S ch su .as wns and to ' county r.otoji and needy,1. and hand, to adnuniitt r to .ihe-isic-k "F-sIn we have to &n losing: bury jeunty to those who were give words of encoura-gemeni)itv the towiisiiins, as Amesburv and old called to mourn, tr to those who were menneu jiot to extend the list. In Norfolk to strayfrom'lhe path of duty. Said he hoped county we must compassionate yD.'dham itself, all .would enjoy themselves and 'be benefited sweet Milton, .peaceful. Sharon, llandolpl,;, by coming together on euch a pleasant occasion, W rentham. In aod xloughtoii The remainder of the afternoon was spent in committed almost has suicide,' feingmg and giving recitations, and in pleasant county Abingtou and i mni-ere Ik id ge w Kl er r Dux--burconversation. T East Bridgewator, Halifax, Kingston, Sister' East wa$ the recipient of some Lakeville, Clarion,. Mattaiioisett, Pembroke, Relief presents from the. branches of the West Rochester and Bridgewater. Plympton, Society of Pima, Central, Thatcher and LiytoD, In Suiiblk county even Winthrop is on a deand from the Y. L. M. I. Associations of the cline. Ex. L. II. above named settlements. Sister East spoke surtime; said it had been a complete had '.LETTER FROM S HOW LO W, prise; thanked all for the honor they shown her, and for the gifts bestowed, and ARIZONA, hoped with the help of God to be always which Editor" Exponent: worthy of 'their love and esteem, after was the plentiful repast that all partook-o- f to few items fr'om our Thinking that perhaps a spread, before them1, and then returned tolittle place in the piii would. not be amiss, I their homes, feeling benefitedby meeting will try to" pen thoughts arid ideas upon gether. ;. 1 paper. Lauka Nuttall, bee Ocir little, idace begins to look "somewhat lonesome since so inaily have moved away, seaThe second "Mother's Meeting" of this only eleven 'families remaining, and "we do nut son, at the Woman's Educational and Industrial 4exoect to keep our dear President Ions:, as she Boston, will be 74 Bovlston Street, Union, is expecting to go to her who, like 5lrs. Jujia Ward Howe. is exile from an home. lib more, In the conducted by many One of the leading charities of New Orleans beginning! June the tcarkt fever broke out. vanto-.oi here, causing Jots of sickness a mtm-be- r is called-th- e "Society of the Lad piie oi deaths among the childr..':n. .Si.ttr the'Poor." It was' established in lb 01, tne Laura W.d from !wuntiiul, Davis (;)., buried tirdt year of the rebediion, to assist destitute all her children -t- hree beautiful little gird and families of respectability &ad provide tor tnt one sweet baby boy this making have wants of old and infirm "gentlewomen. - south-eas- t We return again to this sombre subject. We are to deal mostly, in this article, with dry statistics, but they will sIioay whether people are crowding into cities and .villages, or' spreatl-inout over the JandTo tiinKeio1t7oT,tleaf7 to have quiet residences. jI suppose the reader to kntw that's. mall 'manufacturing places are becoming obsolete "Business has been going to the ettk-- and into the hands of large corporations. Those do lightful dells and groups of houses, where once -- 1 Presi(!7irt-:Laytonr:who-spo- , ke e ' -- . t,-- X" An-dovei- L - . at r-iuust-eo y, haud-som- e . . , ; '-few; ; 1 hu-lwn- . - . d, f f -- six.--tl'ie- y - 