The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 15. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, TRUST IN GOD. hi ml If Mrs. Newman ha3 no family, domestic, marital obligations is a widow, then I believe I know her, at least, I onco heard Paul telling Timothy of her. What she said in Cincinnati was truthfully reported. I do not know who the reporters were, but heard the lecture, read the reports, Dear in mind, when grief o'ertakes you, Darkest nighfit bring morning light. If in shadow lies your journey, Fcjot it bravely to the end, .Trusting God to send you sunshine He will always prove a frifnd. and can vouch for the correctness of the ter. " - I send you ir Cincinnati , lat- ; . papers containor rather a of new a ing accounts religion, of religion, which has sprung up in that city among the high est, bestand wealthiest class of citizens. There appears to be a great religious fomentation going on everywhere. A in by little leaven of some sortas been-psome invisible power, either for good or bad, and the whole religious lump will be leavened. .some new-phas- Marled. ' An ocean jewel, cast upon the strand, Unseen, yet glittering 'neath the trampled sand, Neglected and alone, in darkness lay,.' Till time, in many a wave, had rolled' away. e In vain the loud surge dashed upon the shore, In vain the lightning's wrath, the thunder's roar, Securely slumbered in its lowly bed, A rarer gem than e'er decked kingly head. At length, a shining edge peered forth to view, A sun-li- t drop, as 'twere., ol morning dew, And yet no glance e'er rested on the prize, None guessed what lay concealed from human eyes. Men came and went, but all were proud and vain. They gazed upon the sky and distant main. Eager for wealth, yet none would looSt so low, Or stoop for gems, howe'er so bright, below. And thus the treasure, which had lain concealed, In Fate's full ripened hour to b; reveaUd, Long kept from pride, or mammon's sordid sight, By humble means at last was brought to light. " By Merit worn, though oft in meanest guise, - Men scorn the source and trample on the prize. ; . O. F. Whitney. July, 1885. MRS. NEWMAN CORRECTLY Dear Mormon Sisters: of interest upon which I wish to write to you, I hardly know what or which to leave unwritten. Mrs. Angie F, Newman! Well, what shall we ayof her? Firstly, I should liko to know where Mr. There are so many matters Angie Newman is, and what he is, doing all the while she is traveling about ffom pillar to in behalt'-o- f the ''down trodden women of Utah?" Did not domestic duties tie me at homp.T wfiiil1 hp. tpnifiLed to find Mr. N , if there is such a being, put him among the Mormon men, and then start out to stir up a flame of pity aiid sympathy for them; for really, it seems to me, "if tniugs are so bid as the papers represeut them to be jn.Utah, the Mormon men are more to be pitied than the women. I knoi? eocre men have a pretty s?riou3 tints of Pt all, individually, be up to duty, "kind and affectionate one toward another, tender hearted, forgiving one another, even a3 God, for Christ's sake, hath forgiven us." With May we best wishes, Your sister, . U vorl "flrnMnl IT r,9 Vi said, ."Yes, right up yonder among them old houses therearejBome.".. Off I went, and soon met with a woman, who, upon a similar inquiry, directed me to a log shanty down on the river bank, where she said a Mormon lived named Baxendell. J soon found the place, and for the first time in twenty years I had the privilege of shaking hands with a true Latter-daSaint. JMy heart was lull. I cannot tell you what my ftelings were on that occasion. The Elders were then but preaching. They had t il r'. . " i a oromer nearu oi somewnere in rmsDurg.out had not been able to get his address, but had written to theDeseret News Office in Salt Lata City for it. 1 told them I lived m Pittsburg, and had written several times to the Deserel Newt, and also the sisters' paper, the yoMAN'8 Exponent. Bro. B. asked what name I used in the HiXroNENTf 1 told lura no name, just ii. M. W. Then he knew it was the same person they had tried to find, and we shook hands 1 1 1 1 copies of the Epistle of the JI13 wife wished me to leave First Presidency. her the copies of the Exponent" i bad brought with me, and I told her I had brought them on purpose. Tha, next day I mailed a copy of the Epistle to each of the following papers: The Dispatch. ? m i t . Emily Scott. rr" CORRESPONDENCE. J. Pittsburg, Pa., Sept. 10, 1880. Mrs. E. B. Wells: Dear Sister: With feelings of joy I write a few lines, hoping you and your are well, and still in the sunlight of the Gospel of Christ. The last time 1. wrote, yim were away from home visiting Kirtlaud, Nauvoo, and thither Along the lonely beach, one summer day, It chanced, at length, a little child did stray, : Beheld the jewel, sparkling in the sand, And drew it forthwith tiny, eager hand. E'en so with Truth, the richest, rarest gem, Save one, in Christ's eternal diadem; If Mormonism isof God it wiil stanl audgroA',.. for.'God giveth the inc r ease;" b u t i f JIor monism belongs to other than God, it wiil fail. wprA nnv Mnrmmia y ut TRUTH. No. 9. for enjoyment. I did not know who to inquire for not even a name. A boy was seated on a log by the railroad depot; I asked him if there it with one wife; with more ihan one, God pity t Trust in God, he'll ne'er forsake you. If you, slrive to do what's right; After rain the sun seems brighter Then, despair not, who'can tell? For wise purpose Me may smite Thee, For "lie doeth all things well." Mary L. Soda Springs, April 27, 1 835. OCTOBER 1, 1880. IfICC, V'WU(l-(- i ( A i W(J LtUit " Gazette, Penny Press, Post, Leader, snd to the last a copy of the ladies' appeal to Congress. Ho is a bold and fearless editor, and I thought his paper would be the best to send thai ap- I had only one copy. The cup of unuuu la ia9i uiuug up. may juiquu ui litis the Sunts be wise and be upon the watcn peal to, as 4 AJJ VlUiv I J IUVAV feel happy in Mormonism, and love this work. I hold a certificate of the last branch I waj to different places, on missionary work. I in before I came to this country, and since I read at different times in the papers ot the alhave been in America I have not been near most Herculeau task you had undertaken, in branch of. the Church. I have been try sisters,, any to do company with those other right, and I feel proud of my religion, ing and I prayed to my Heavenly Father to bear aTnd mean to .gather to the bosom of the Church, you up and give you strength, that you might and bring with me the Holy Spirit, and be able be able to tpeak words suitable to the occasion. to a good account of myself. My prayer rw l I t t i I have meditated much upon the condition of w .Atgive ner nave ou; trouoies porno neaviirior Latter-dathis nation, and I feel - that the when I read of good and my mind, and Saints will leave the people without excuse at upon men to 6ent beiog prison, ! feel in my holy the great day which is hear at hand. rj When heart there than that they I would rather I hearof the attitude taken by the faithful should; I would rather gosuffer than have them. of this Church, it bespeaks a power that is The cause of Zion is in my thoughts and medimore than human, and one must be very blind tations all the day and all the night long. My not to see the hand of Omnipotence made bare, for her niffering one3. May tho are prayers those engaged in this noble and the labors, smiles of heaven rest upon them. mission will not be lost. A bright tlay wiil Your brother in the covenant. soon dawn for Zion and those who have sought H. M. W. work will be the destruction of the Latter-da- y P. S. Siace this" was written 4he Elders Bent to their own place to reap what they have have been to my house; I was indeed pleased to sown. A short time ago, as I sat reading the news, see and entertain once more men holding the W. I noticed some correspondence from Penn., holy priesthood. dated at Coal Valley, and 1 learned .from it that there were Elders laboring in that section; CONDITION OF SOUTHETN LADIES, the writer called himself a missionary; I read it over and over; I scarcely could believe what Alabama, Sept. 2, 1836. T had rpad. that Elders were so near me, but I made up my mind to find them, asking my Editor Woman's Journal: Heavenlv Father's aid: so oii July 5th, a holi A bright, progreasive Northern woman said day I set out to find Coal Valley, contemplatin my hearing, upon being told that ing a treat, if I could only meet with genuine recently would permit no woman who .Victoria Queen Mormons. I found Coal Valley sparsely settled, and wa3 divorced from her husband to' be presented I would much rather xwVerte nearly all the people were away on that day to noble-hearte- Tf IfV d ."it y if ; . : ' hen-"Well- , 