24 old early, The Arab and the Cossack are examples of the truth of the proverb. They generally five long; enjoy ro bnr,t health, and have n? use for liver pads and blue pills. That vigorous' octogenarian,. David Dudley' Field, tells us that "he "attributes his remarkable vitality to the habit of horseback ridin?, and, if the truth were known.it would . doubtless appear that our sturdiest old men are those who have .been fojpcf of the, saddle. Tlie taste for equestrian -sports and exercise- - which -- has- lately- - made such progress sin this country is, therefore, a hopeful and healthful sign. It is not a mere freak offashion, but a development in the direction of rational "enjoyment and an assurance that the rising generation will be leis of an indoor and more of an outdoor people. It Fneans less headache hereafter,-better-- : appetites, stronger lungs, rosier cheeks, brighter eyes, sounder sleep, happier spirits, and a total oblivion of that organ which, according to Sidney Smith, keeps men a great deal lower than the angels the liver. medical faculty for women? h saie, headquarters, money, aud hospitals being provided. NOTES AND NEWS. - -- Tho poet' Whittier. recently wrote to his lifev long frientK Edwiu lhomp3on::'lhe long, hard winter has left me very poorly m health. am clad to see that thv Oen is still busy. As lor myseu l areau io ioucu pun uuu paper. , The new English dictionary, of which Pro- will f fessor Whitney, of Yale, is be the most comprehensive book, in existence. Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars will have been spent on it before the types are in " order. editor-in-chie- JTjrJThaJes record of the Society, and that copies b sent to The . the to Woman's to and the Exponent, bereaved quirer, family. , Caroline ; : - So'rniA Mkaciiam, F. Auerbach ' A Fall and Complete Stock ot . 1 J ' 1 i It ine-Presiden- - V MILLINERY, and ' Summer Goods Spring AND LADIES ORESS TRMINGS Fruit, to jelly easily, must be barely ripe, not jelly if they are quite ripe. a well beaten; stir well together and bake an Mrs. Rosa Tlartvick "Thorpe, author of the is "Curfew Must Not, King poem, . 1 11 . .i!.. . . - collecting a numoer oi ner laier verses anu ballads for publication in book form. The most important poem will be entitled "Remem ber the Alamo," as yet unpublished. 1 Apple yam. Ten pounds brown sugar, bdiled and clarified; add ten pounds good sour apples,. chopped fine,-thgrated peel of two orthree lemons, and a few pieces of wh;te ginger. Hoil 'til the apples Jook clear and tender, Judge David Davis died at his home in Bloomington, III., on Saturday morning, J une Agent for RU.MSE YS celebrated LIFT and FOR-.PUMP J. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. Alimi. CA7D IkUZZ. Esx 30S. SALT LAZZ CIT7. -- , - Catsup, Eight pounds gooseberries full grown, but green, four pounds brown sugar, one pint cider vinegar, three lemons; sliced, two dozen cloves, ground.- Boil four hours, and strain through colander and bottle. A delicious relish with roast duck or chicken. Gooseberry e ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, WA. 1 - OBSTETRICS. Mrs. Lizzie H. Shipp has been practically teaching obstetrics in Fillmore for the past year. She recently brought her" class to Salt Lake for examination. Those who passed successfully were Mrs. Mary Bishop of Deseret, TTnnfstnnn nf Trilfrrmrp Aflsa T,il. lTr .Ts-ji. lian Black of Kanosh. : The examining board were Doctors Kichard3 and Bower. Mrs. ShiDD class to another teach exnecU 1 1 i more this coming winter. I An excellent and easy method of sealing jellies and preserves and one I can vouch for, is to take thin brown paper, such as'fine dry goods are wrapped in at the stores, cut somewhat larger than the size of the jar, dip in new milk and paste over the top. It will dry as tight'as a drum head and is perfectly air tight. I have had no mould on my jellies and preserves since I used this method, and it " ' is so simplea child can execute it ', ; Sivett Pickled Peaches, Eight pounds peaches, four pounds sugar, one pint cider vinegar, one dozen cloves, whole, one dozen allspice, whole, one dozen cinnamon sticks. Method: Make syrup with sugar, vinegar and spices, except cloves; peel peaches (cling stones preferred) and stick a clove in each end. When the syrup is clear boil the peaches till you can run a straw easily through them; take them out and let the syrup boil twenty minutes longer, and pour' over fruit; boil the syrup for a few for three mornings and pour over the fruit, then . seal up for winter use.. mo-men- ts IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF D . ry Gd 0 ds , ' Mysotis. RESpLUTIONS OF RESPECT. To the memory of our beloved Sister Ann Stewart' HOUSEHOLD HINTS. ' Salt increases the heaVof water in boiling potatoes. I Ialf a cupful of vinegar in the water will make an old fowl cook quickly. J '. who departed this life, May 26th, 1886, at her residence in Provo City, after long" suffering, with cancer.fwhich she , bore with Christian fortitude and patience, expressing her resignation to the will of the Lord. Our beloved sister was born in" Dalkeith, in the year 1825; was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ in I845 andemigratedToTJtah.vwith her husband and two children, with the hand cart company in 1856, enduring many hardships for the sake of her religion. Xw, therefore, We the members of the Relief Society wish to express the honor and respect entertained by us for her as a wise counselor and a true friend, who faithfully held the office of Secretary of the Relief Society for many years; as one of the first Teachers, and as Counselor to the President of the Primary Association, in all of which positions she labored with love and intelligence, qualities that she ever exercised for' the good of her associates, and of her family who always dutifully regarded her wishes; " . and s . Whereas, We acknowledge her loss, and her readiness at all times to givpa helping hand and use her best abilities for the iurtherance of the Latter day Work.and in expound "ing and mahifestihg her devotion to its principles; There-- " - ... fore, bn it Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with tMren and friends; and, be'it V further, -- her bereaved No t i on s , G ro c e ri es HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT QLA3S, AGRICULTURAL ;' ; " in-Fi- l- Greascmay be removed from marble by a paste made of whitintra anH hpnzinf i nnrl whitinft and rhlnriH nf tim spread upon marble and left to dry in the sun, will remove stains if not too deep. Orange Jam. Weigh the oranges before peeling, and use a pound of sugar to a pound of fruit. ' Take the pel from' half of the oranges, grate it, and add the sugar. Open tlje oranges, and be very particular to. get out the seeds and white strings. Add the sugar and peel, with a little water, ' and boil the whole about twenty minutes. Tin canned goods, when opened, should be immediate, Recent ly transferred to glass or earthenware receptacles. show that cases, of poisoning from eating investigations canned goods lvave arisen from the acid of the canned food attacking the solder of the tins,.and sometimes from decomposition accelerated by an electrical action between the solder an I the iron -- of the tin. Never leave canned fruits, meats; or fish in opened tin cans. The Hcrsttact.Cure.TYitTt is a saying among the Russians that a man who is fond of his hwse will not gtow SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. ' ; 1 JJJL j . is the nation's loss. da. CO., TINNERS, GAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS be hour,--T- o eaten with fresh butter or cream. To-night- ," 2Gthr He had' been in failing health for several months past, and it was known that the end of his life was near.. Judge Davis had for many years occupied an important position in national politics tie was ex ofheio vice presi- dent of theUnited States during General Arthur's occupancy of the presidential chair, made vacant by the untimely death, at the hands of an assassin, of President Garfield. Ke was an able statesman, a profound jurist, and n. man. nf sfprlinrr nnrla,ht.np'?5infif,.haraflpr- - DAVID J.AMS3 Grapes will Grun Com Pudding. One dozen ears sweet com,' grated; add two tablespoons sugar, a little salt and on egg -- 1. CALL AND EXAMINE. ORIGINAL RECIPES. t of the United States, has concluded arraugemcnts by which she will take up her residence in Chicago, to become the editor of; Literary Life,-- magazine devoted, as its name ... indicates, to belle letters. His death . , C urt lioso .biizaoetn Mm vieveianu,si3ter or 1 & Bro. , " . M. Johnson, Prcst. P. Ja.ne Jones, M. A. TILL, ...Committee.. : . TOOLS AND IMPLB ; MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DIIUG3 AND CHEMICALS, . ALL CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. and more Stock than any honwj In the west. XGT We carry a Urg-- r H. S. ELDREDCE. complete Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest styles and productions in -- JLACES, HUGHES, EMBKODKRIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOX, Tl- iRIBBONS, COLLARS, And an elegant assortmenf of DBT G-OOD- S Misses' and In Ladies' for Special department ant's fchoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 East Tem,Tl4 Strid- - 