WOMAN'S;: .5 MY-JEWE- LS. - -- j : " MUTUAL I M PRO VEM ENT. Ever since the organization of the Mutual Oft, though so young, she proves Wise in her little moves; Character shows of muchorce, 3enerous and just and kind, Not wanting strength of mind, Jut like her papa, of .course., . low-necke- . Love which all pleasure brings, Were I not happy now, Where must I live and how, That I might happiness see? : " fehood and mot herhood, These are my jewels good; Treasures of heavenly worth; Pity, whoe'er hath sold, . Such for mere shining gold, ' And the vain baubles of earth! YVi was the first person who raised mignonette in this city. A friend in England sent me some seeds in a Jetter, and I planted it in a pot and raised it to a tree. My verses will tell the rest. I believe I My green-leavebeauty! how I hailed with advent delicious joy! " Thy My careful watches never failed To keep thy life without alloy. d " gave thee heat, and light, and air, And water from a living stream; I watched thy life with zealous care, To keep thy beauties fresh and green. I y My green-leave- d beauty was the name I lovingly bestowed on thee, 5 , Apostrophizing by the same The being I rejoiced to see! Ah, sad it is to see decay The thing we love, perhaps idolize! Yet death has often led that way 1 My mourning heart, and weeping eyes. I could not see thee day by day 'llie fell destroyer's victim made, The hand of love alone could lay r Thee in the grave that love had made. -- -- e " No, No, I will not wait to set lliy treasured flower droop and die, My hand cuts short the dying tree MX hand in love shall lay it. by. ,. . Dear plant! and wilt thou rise again When all things are to life restored? Yes, thou, my beauty, shall regain Thy place among my treasured hoard. No thought but such as lives m heaven E'er breathed upon thy perfum'd frame, Love was the incense ever given; - Which shall immortalize thy name. green-leaye- d beauty fare thee well, Till past the winter of the grave-Imm- ortal flower thou ihen shalt dwell And resurrected glories have. 1 d MIGNONETTE. My . e Lui.a. , d s, , Yet "works as well as sings," For our deaT baby and me; " NOTES AND NEWS. Improvement societies, much has been' said concerning the development of the- faculties Madame Patti has been offered six thousand God has given us. One may say, "All tha.tis necessary to be said has been said." , This may dollars a night to sing in concerts in South America. be true, but "it is a wise man who doeth what is he told fof the first time of telling." Al-- Miss Cleveland denies that she wrote the lowing the supposition that we are not all "wise much statement of her views on the men' I will endeavor to point out a few ways matter quoted dresses. But she says of whereby we might improve. that it expresses her sentiments. In the first place it is necessary' to under stand why we are" here upon the earth, what is Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett has nearly our relation to. our fellow-beingand finished what our a new novel, which will appear in the . . . . .1 destination alter tins mortal career is ended.-AfteCentury. Its completion has been delayed by these facts have been fully established, her illness. it is time to begin the improvement of our Miss Abigail Bates, one of the two women, temporal and spiritual attributes. with fife and drum, were instrumental in Improvement may be effected in many ways. who, One good way U by observation.: If we have driving the British from Scituate Harbor dur good men and women placed over us for our ing the war of 1812, died last week at the age of eighty-ninyears. She was the last of a guidance, we canuothelp admiring tlieir goodlong-livefamily. ness and intellectual perfections. If we could fully understand the depth of the impressions Letters attributed to Miss Cleveland on the left upon the minds of the young, I think subject of dress have cause I much comment we would be more exemplary in our habits and manners than we sometimes are. pro and con. Perhaps it would be useful to consider how bare shoulders and arms would .Not wishing to be termed acritic, but be regarded if men appeared with them in speaking only from past experience, I can truthfully say that impressions were public. The force of custom has much to do with modes of dress. But in our climate made upon my mind that have been effaced reasons of health, if not of modesty, require when the true character of the individual, con for the body. sisting only of superficial perfections, was ample protection brought to light. .. Dr. Mary Alice Avery wins the reward of Now we all know that the weakness of the public official recognition at the hands of Dr. flesh and the vanities of the human mind, when Richardson, for a deed of heroism which he to bear sub and upon spiritual things brought well designates as "the bravest act of the fire jects of high moral culture, will inevitably tend of February 12." Dr. Avery, at great pertowards the grosser qualities of our nature, sonal peril and with wonderful courage and unless propitiated by truly practical as well as coolness, rescued an insane patient, who was theoretical influences. Considering the ad van shut up in her room at the extreme end of the tage of exemplary lives, would it not be well fourth-stordeed that hall."; It wa? a for all who are, or ever expect to be placed in should not have waited a wholeplucky for its acyear positions of usefulness, to "practice first what knowledgment.- Bulletin. they preach," that they might be more success ful in the fulfilment of their callings? Miss Augusta Holmes has nearly finished all the if however, this, Notwithstanding composing an opera. She has chosen as her members have no desire to improve, and have subject an antique legend of Erin, and has but little, if any, faith in their holy religion,-- composed her own libretto. Miss Holmes . 1 .. 1 .1 T .1 the precepts ot the most zealous, most exemspent last auiuran in juonaon, studying tne plary and wisest of teachers will amount to .ancient Irish mss. in the British Museum. Her but littler I fully believe that the" desires of compositions are played in the concerts of the .the majority are good, and resolves are made conservatoire in Paris and her symphony on every time meeting is attended to improve at her favorite theme, "Ireland," has been received with acclamation by the French public once, but when the labor and diligence neces is this work for into ? brought requisition, and critics. sary would-breformer falls courage fails, and the The public hearinggiven by the U. S House back into the same old condition, until a new revival of feeling is experienced. 'Now it is. Committee on Territories, at the Capitol, in all very well to have this feeling, but, if we Washington, on Friday,' March 19, on the wish to improve, we will have to come right petition of the American Woman Suffrage down to hard study in real earnestness, and, Association, for a law guaranteeing women though the improvement may not be seen at equal suffrage in the Territories, was a notable first, there is a gradual development of the event. Delegate Carey, of Wyoming, gave faculties that will, in time, shine forth in brilemphatic testimony to the benefit which has liancy and power, bringing credit and renown resulted from woman suffrage during sixteen wherever our lot in life may be cast. In years' trial in that territory. Representative order to ga in this desired end let us live so John D. Long spoke with effective earnest- thaTlheT Holy Spirit may always bewith us, ness in behalf of the proposed legislation. . for P. P. Pratt savs, ''The Holy Spirit quickens The addresses of Rev. Annie H. Shaw and Mrs. Mary Hunt were excellent, and Mr. all the -i- ntellectual : faculties, increases, enlarges, expands and purifies all the natural Blackwell made a strong presentation of the passions and affections, and adapts them, by facts justifying and demanding prompt affirma. tive action on the part of Congress. the gift of wisdom, to their lawful use. It in - -- ... spires, develops, cultivates and mat urea all tha lipe toned sympathies, joys, tastes) kindred feelings and affections of our nature. .It inspires virtue, goodness, tenderness, gentleness? and charity. It develops beauty of person, form and features.- It strengthens, invigorates and gives tone to the nerves. In short, it is, as it were, marrow to the bone, joy to the heart, light to the eves music, to- the ear, and life to the whole being." The foregoing essay-wawritten and read Mrs. late Y. L. M. I. A the Hattie Jensen at by Conference in Brigham City. En. s Speak of that father then, Noblest and best of men, Gives, with true wisdom and sense, Love that is strong and pure, Faith that will still endure, - Through the eternities hence. . . Hannah T. King. Salt Lake City. Sportive and active, you see; Hright as a summer's noon, Not two years old till June, Yet people take her for three. ' do believe I do believe United thou wilt be to me! All that is good, I shall receive, ; And good I fell in loving thee! - I -- Ah! she is strong and well ;.,Vhftt ablest thing to tell! .V7r, v t AwrwVtr thou. i&V twito-- a I hat to my ear will breathe of love? Lenin beatitude rejoice My soul in mansions up above? Step to the door with me, Notice, and there you see Mary, our only sweet child;, ot rarely beautiful,' I3ut, oh! so dutiful, Gentle and loving and mild! : : 163 . .. : 1 ' ''Sit 