WOMAN'S EXPONENT. I AM WEARY. AN EMPHATIC PliOTESIV am weary of the sin Of the pain, the care, the woe, That increasing come to greet me,. A? the years that ebb and flow,. f -- Lurking 'mid the wild world's throng, Where the, only queen is fashion, And the only law is wrong. " : Weary of the false ambition - With the low1, deceitful shoals, . Overhung with crowns of greatness, " That have wrecked so many souis. J3ut through life's fleeting journey May we never, never know. . She respectfully represents that Salt Lake City, : . " Healing hearts of pain and woe. a haven, Golden sunset! peaceful, blest; Where the soul long tired and weary, , Seeks at last eternal rest. is ,, ' AKOXVMOi'S. - J uiuy can oetter no imagined, by the' majority oi my sisters who have read the article, than described by me, for I am sure it can not be - read by any. lover of tru tir o rfai r dealirrg7or one at all acquainted with the situalionrwith auy imng ies3 tnan reelings oi amazemenfand indignation. Of the wondrous "Balm of Gilead,". Far beyond there - on the Gth of March, 1SSG, two thousand Mormon women assembled in mass meeting in " to' protest against the invasion of their rights by Federal interference, : etc. Quoting a preamble and resolutions; she adds, "These resolutions are the expression of Mor-mo- n sentiment." In this I am sure she telli the truth, for I am firmly convinced' that to the two thousand women '..that attended "the mass meeting might be added the" names of mauy thousands more who were not there, but thenr whoseLJiearts-and-sympatliies-were-w- ith JDLESS HIFE. on that dty, and responded to' the sentiments Glad earfK, I love thee; Like Gems I cherish every sparkling hourr The fields around rne and the skies above me, The whispering zephyr and the answering flower, Restore my waning power. . . I count each season, While from life's mountain-to- p around I gaze, As one more gift of God, a precious reason For orisons of prayer and chants of praise Through all my blessed days. But on the morrow When light shall fade and cease to flow, - I shall of with shade thee no sorrow, resign And smile but one farewell before I go From realms that mortals know. life-blo- od Then onward flying From tangled paths that I shall tread no more, Wy soul, heaven's clearer sunrise soon descrying, Renewed and freed, shall reach another shore, With endless life before. ' By Julia Noyes Stickney. Groveland, Mass. 7 there expressed. In speaking of President Brigham Young,; in connection with this matter, she says; "The wily ideceiver then evo luted from his narrow soul, the magnanimous scheme of en-- f ra nchisiug the worn e n . " Now, i f my memo ry does not fail me, it Was from the "narrow souls" of our Gentile friends that this magnanimous scheme was evolved; They clamored for the right of franchise to be con-- 1 No coward soul is mine, d No trembler in the world's sphere; I see heaven's glorie5hine7 yy And faith shines equal, arming me from fear. storm-trouble- ever-prese- . s Worthless as withered weeds, Or idlest froth amid the boundless main. y ' To waken doubt in one Holding sq fast by thine infinity, So surely anchored on That steadfast rock of immortality. 'do SO.' .' I have .;. not noticed all the falsehoods which embodied are in her "petition,", for I expect this article js already .Tengthy- - enough to tres- pass on space that might be occupied by (hoso who are better posted on this matter than my self; but I do feel like adding my protest to that of my sisters, (as I was not in Salt Lake City at the time of holding the mass meetint;,) - - - -- " . .... ng n . . -- ! 4 . Though earth and man were gone, And suns and universes ceased to be, And thou wert left alone, Every existence would exist in thee. There is no room for Death. No atom that his might could render void: Thou thou art Being, Breath; And what thou art may never be destroyed. ' ' ' love With eternal animates years, Thy spirit Pervades and broods above, dissolves, creates and rears. Changes, sustaias, ' wide-embraci- As to the "Mormon" Church" refut- ing such slanders, it is here on other business, and 1 think, with the help of God, is abundant- t,w tan y it uu tr ny.-- leci roiiicwum dowered myself in undertakiiifi: to notice them; and if I did not think there were some honor able heonle left' in the world. J would not '. Vain are the thousand creeds That move men's hearts: unutterably vain; - morsel. against being deprived of the right of fran chise, which we have exercised for many year. aud which we have never abused; I also pro- test against the. outrageous, infamous false hoods which arc sent out broadcast to tho world from this city, concerning the condition Terred upon. tireTMormoiuwomen, that by their of Mormon women, bv those who know better;I would say to such falsifiers, for yoiir owii, if votes they might free themselves from priestly not for humanity's sake, pause! If you canbondage; but ior some unaccountable reason the Mormon women don't want to get out of not do good, cease to do evil and persecute an innocent people, before the wrath and indignabondage "worth a cent, to use a slang phrase. tion of an offended God, whotake3 care of His lhey, like the balance ot mankind generally people, overtakes you to your utter destruction, rather like their friends better than their ene except you repent. When the cries .of the mies, and for that reason they vote for their wives and the little ones of those tfhom yoii friends; moreover they believe they have the have caused to bo hunted, persecuted, exiled right and the sense to know who their friends and imprisoned for "conscience' sake, shall asare better than their enemiescan tell them. cend to the ears of Him "who heareth even She says, "The civil polity of Utah Territory the ravens when they cry," and who ha3 said, is unrepubhean; it was framed by a people "Not a hair of your head shall fall to the in sentiment and hostile in pur ground unnoticed," and do not the wrongs of pose; a people unfamiliar with the genius of the many fair daughters of our common father, republican institutions, fresh from the despot God, dry aloud: :frora every city in the Union isms of the old world." for vengeance on their seducers from the path Now, I had thought that our leaders, (who, of virtue? Aye, and the tears ofr broken according to Mrs. rewman, are the real lawhearted wives, who cannot trust-- their husbands, makers,) were, with very few exceptions,uative and God will. hear the cries of His daughters born Americans, and loved and revered her institutions, and were taught that "that sacred opinion it would better becomo those ladies instrument, the Constitution, was a who are to get legislation against tho instrument and whose fathers had fought, bled, people ofseeking God, to go home and do all that lies and some of them died in defense of the in their power to ameliorate the condition of same. humanity around their own doorsteps. I have been educated (and my father has suffering We were happy until they cama among U3,and for many years been one of those who helped we will be happy when they leave, or learn to make and administer the local Jaws) in the the Mormon creed, "Mind your own business." belief that this American Government is the ' IlUTiT. most liberal, grand and glorious government 188G. Salt Lalt City, Aug. 10, under the whole heavens. Why, does it not open its doors to the oppressed of all nations? And we claim the right to differ in our opinions MISCELLANEOUS. from some other people, if we cannot see that a small parcel of ignorant, ungodly, bigoted fanatic3,called Federal officials and their Echo's If a mxn is faithful to truth, truth will be ' constitute the TJ. S. Government. Irue, they faithful to him. He need have no fears. His are its representatives, but if I had more faith success is a question of time. Prof, Phetps. in them I should have less in the government. When you have learned to submit, to do She further says, quoting Mrs, Steuhouse, "I have often seen one solitary man driving faithfully, patiently, duty that is most distasteinto the citv a whole wagon load of women, of ful to" you, Go 1 may permit you to do tho work all ages aud sizes. They were going to the you like. Prof. Jliddlc. polls, and their votes would beone." AVell, sjic . The best of a book is not the thought which might, if she watched for it, see the game sight the? in every vard in the city. The brethren get it contains, but thought it suggests, just as dwells not in the tonei, charm of music out theirj,eams and carry the aged and infirm tae to the polls, and let the men and the .robust but in the echoes of our hearts. Holmes. God-give- O God, within my breast, Deity! Almighty, in that me has rest,-ALife, I undying life have power in thee. . ( anti-America- n EMILY BRONTE'S LAST LINES. ' women walk, as they are perfectly willing to iu tue liuo yi meir uuty, una there is no law that I know of against a man carrying women of all sixes and ages, from twenty one years Up as. hjghla373yorcaa"count, She "did" not say there" were any children. "Again and again has it been charged in tho public 'prints of Utah, by eye witnesses, and unrefuted by the Mormon Church, that tho; genealogies of the dead, the unborn and de ceased had been represented at the ballot box.". Some of the "public prints" in Utah will with anything, no- charge the Mormon-peop- lo matter how ridiculous and otherwisesane people will roll it under their tongues as a sweet n.-nit-- iuu ISxroNKNT Dar Sister: I will trv to rrive von afew of my thoughts, and ideas upon Mrs. A, F. Newman's petition. I shall notattempt to de- cumuu m.y iwuugs wuue reaaing it; perhaps Weary of the boasted pleasures, -- Editor 61 - . . . 