WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 148 Exponent the movement. Editor.. E MM E LINE B. WELLS, -- ; ; ' tiUsCX;WitavetoKtiti.!t' law of God or man, but we know By exporience what the" Our cause is Prest. M. I. Home expressed the regrets of Mrs. Eliza R. Snow Smith at not being able to be present, but stated that she was heart and soul in present crusade means. We will be true to God , . and live lives p? purity. Mrs. Cornelia H. Clayton read the following address by mrs. ii. c.brown. : Prest. Home said it was with feelings of sorrow that she contemplated the occasion which called la Salt Lato City, Utah. Terms: Published forth the necessity for a protestaga:nst the wrongs one copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, $1.00. Ten copies for the prlco of nine. heaped upon "Mormon" men and women, be lines of ten rates: nonpareil Eich square, Advertising Dear Friends.: causeof their obedience to the. law of God. The. A discount liberal $3.00. one month, time, $2.50; per space, to unite our voices in pronation could with more consistency legislate We have met ' : to regular advertisers. in belief celibacy against the Catholics for their Exponent ofllce, No. Z E., South Temple Street, second testing against, the cruel enforcement of special from hours first the Business Office. J? for. News east p.m. r than against the "Mormons" of Deaeret obeying gate legislative enactments broughtto bear upon us as a to 5 p,m. every day, except Sunday. fruitful and multiply." great commandment, "Be people, and we appeal to every honest mind and Address all business communications to ; to to the Saints of a was It rulers,and heart to use their influence to stay the shameful appeal duty PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Presithem. would God .avenge if disregarded proceedings by which pretended courts of justice Salt Lakk City. Utah. dent Van Buren had told' the Prophet Joseph his zr6 converted into courts of inquisition. That for honest, virtuous, Christian women may no longer' March i,'i8S6. cause was just, but the nation could do nothing Salt Lake City, ever vexed had been nation his people, and the be subjected to insult and abuse, nor have every Men. to because now sent were since. they jail feeling of parental and conjugal love, and every THE LADIES' MASS MEETING. would not promise to renounce their wives and sense of religious duty, outraged and trampled Latter-day Saints ' the women the of and children, upon. "mormon" women meet, SPEAK AND RESOLVE,- could not longer submit in peace to this, and to We are here, not as Latter-da- y Saints, but as in courts. the offered their sisters insults the of They that great comAmerican- citizens members For some time past a movement has been on without on not could against protesting noble go our longer monwealth which foot to give the women of Utah an opportunity of grandsires fought and" could continued adverse legislation. They not -- bled to establish legal-hei- rs -- to those -- expressing in sojne public and emphaticjnannerji rights and who "come those level the of to down degraded "their feelings regarding the indignities and the privileges bequeathed by that heaven-inspjre- d of the service in continue would but God, women, document the Constitution of these United' sufferings they are made to endure in the present in Him. and trust erusade against the Mormon people. In the' States. Yes, legal heirs, yet illegally, unconstituwas whole history of America there cannot be found apThe following committee on resolutions tionally deprived of that dearest, most cherished B. B. Dr. of. Pratt: a parallel to the infamous methods by which the Dr. R. R, of all rights freedom to worship God according, pointed on motion of Mrs. Mrs. enforcement of. special and oppressive legislation Edna Smith, Pratt, .to the dictates of our own consciences. Fanny Thatcher, ' of eSaints-has--a ndt th t Mrs. ns accombe to o J. Tanner,-And this within "the" limits of a government agai Provo,and ugh Mrs. H. C. Brown, of ;Ogden. founded upod religious liberty. This in a nation plished. Not only have the men, who for obeying a principle of their religion are declared whose legislators point proudly to the brave PilMRS. PRESENDIA L. KIMBALL to be violators of law, been made to suffer the exgrim Fathers and mothers, as their ancestors " as called and follows: was -'and spoke. unhallowed proceedings inaugutraordinary and then, turn to crush their fellow creatures rated against them under its form and in its name ; of the same noble. parentage. Mrs. President and Ladies: but their wives, their children and their relatives O consistency, where art thou fled? O Justice,, I stand before you a native born citizen of the have been hauled before inquisitorial grand juries,, surely thy face must hide itself in shame, when United States My grandfather fought in the plied with shamefully indecent questions, loyal men and women are denied the rightof revolutionary war. to establish a free government threatened with punishment for contempt if tliy citizenship, because, forsooth, they would serve on this continent, and my father fought in the refused to answer, and in some cases actually imGod and fear Him rather than man. 1812 of war and to secure a free for govsuch refusal. perpetuate Defenseless women prisoned Once again, we protest against the unjust deernment and to protect the rights and liberties of have at the risk of their lives been dragged before signs and unlawful enactments of unscrupulous LTtheir descendant, courts or juries, frequently escorted thither by "the citizenonthexepic men, blinded by selfish ambition to all the best innow stand up before this assembly to protest wretches whose touch they would regard as pollu- terests of our government as well as to their own tion. Even the sacred relation of husband and against the oppression of those who would take eternal welfare: rom us the rights and liberties which our fathers wife and the exemption from testifying one against And we would say to them and to the world risked their lives to obtain. What would our the other has been trampled upon, and each day that, rather than forego one principle of our holy sees new insults and greater indignities heaped fathers say, the founders of this republic, if they religion rather than" yieldthe right to act upon could rise from their graves and see the glorious upon us. own convictions of duty, we would, if need our Constitution which they framed and bequeathed Under these circumstances it was natural that be, endure exile or imprisonment or whatever to all future generations, as the palladium of libera spontaneous, feeling should manifest itself to our Heavenly Father may see fitin His wisdom to ty, overridden and downtrodden by demagogues give expression to our sentiments. The culminarequire of us ; and, like the S(aints of former days, tion of this desire d by the schemes of corrupt rin the growded and and torn, suffer rather than accept deliverance, that we may enthusiastic gathering of representative women "men, whose object is to oppress and injure the inherit a more exceeding and eternal weight of which filled the Salt Lake Theatre, Saturday after, helpless.; .... , v, : gipry. We came out from the -- United States to this noon, March the 6thu. Everywhere was manifested DR. ELLEN B. FERGUSON a deep, subdued emotion, and heartfelt sincerity desert'.and mountainous country, that we might characterized every utterance. A tolerably comworship God according to the dictates of our consaid the wronas azainst which those assembled ' sciences.. now protested were such as would have put to plete report of the proceedings, which we are able to furnish, shows nothing which can be conWe had broken no laws of God or njan. We blush the civilization of two centuries ago. While but strued asdefiance, everything which savors of "had committed no crimes, but we were driven: the statue of liberty was being' erected women and true womanhood. from our homes by angry mobs because we decourage, patriotism were here sent to jail for no crime, and the purest The 1 6th Ward brass band played choice selec to sired worship God in the way that bad been reand best women in the country now raised their tions while the people were being seated,and at the pealedWe' made -- our homes in voice against the outrage. : Sixteen years ago the:: and have lived here loyal and appointed hour, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, in a few women of Utah were granted the right of suffrage, appropriate remarks, called the meeting to order. citizens. and ittwas whispered that they would break the Dr. Romania, B. Pratt nominated Mrs. M. L Now, nearly at the close af the nineteenth cenbands which were supposed to bind them. The Home to preside, and the lady received the unanifind we the horrors of the inquisition revived women ot Utah had proven true and had never tury mous endorsement of the vast assemblage. for our destruction cast an unrighteous ballot. They..yoted for men and Mrs. SarahlM. Kimball, Mrs-.- E.--S.- rTaylorr "women" are " brought befoieT cruel and who were pure, honorable and upright. The gov- -' Mrs. Jane Richards, Mrs. Priscilla Staines and corrupt court, by lewd and debauched deputies ; ernment d to think it premature that Mrs. Pitchforth were unanimously elected vice- n insulted and base and women the were allowed malicious by to vote, and were enpresidents. and if in officials, obedience to. their pure and deavoring to deprive them of that right, not beMrs. Elizabeth Howard was nominated for noble womanhood, they refuse to answer the incause they had committed crime, but because they secretary, and Miss Nellie Colebrook and Mrs. decent questions, they-a- re threatened-witbelieved ia the revelations of God. It was urged Cornelia Clayton as assistant secretaries. These the Utah. Penitentiary, where murthat the women in Utah were coerced. No memladies were unanimously elected. derers and horse thieves are incarcerated, there to ber of Congresswould dare jvitness what was Jiere Mrs. Zina D. Young was elected chaplain. the of pay penalty and. reiterate such a falsehood. "Priestly contempt of court. After singing by the Tabernacle choir, prayer Oh, liberty and justice, where is their dictation" was prated about, but nothing was said dwelling was offered by Mrs. Zina D. Young. Singing by ! place , of the Catholics, who voted as their priest directed. the choir, I feel it is time for the ladies' of Zion This was the battle-fiel- d between truth and error. toarise. -- semi-monthl- - ; ; . to-da- y . . . , ; - is-s- Salt-Lake-Ci- ty, nts - ' -- was-foun- : :':;: . to-us. -th- law-abidi- ese-mountains ng , k free-bor- n, pure-minde- d, now-seeme- brow-beate- -- h " to-d- ay - , 