WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. 180 hear from us if you always hear something abou we have a surprise. I hope - you - will not think nothing to do but study up something of the kind younger surpassed the' elder. It often occurred to I trust our hearts are at least partially alive to the me that too muclThotice was taken of these differ, duties in the irreat work in which we are engaged, ences, By those who loved the children best.- I and as our motto has always been to look on the never looked into the face of the elder sister without seeing there a pale, soft melancholy, which bright side, though the clouds may hang heavy above us, if we will watch and wait we are sure to always won my sympathy, and I never listened to see the silver lining, our lives are composed of recitals of the younger one's" superiority without agreeable-surpr- ise heart that somethingmight alser be- - sunshine vrishing-iirrny is like a ray of light across our paths. told concerning the worth of theothen' considera- well worth rareful TV.OC. nhiprts " April 6th the members of Y. L. M. I. A. with Www ir sj w united guests from the Relief Society., .and' our tion. Little hearts are often so sensitive that they honored Stake president C. Layton and lady, grieve over, very little things. The never, ending also a number of brethren from the W,ard met to variety which exists in all the "creations of our present Sister Nancy M. Rollins (their late PresiFather, is no where more noticeable than among our little ones. Their faces, their voices and dent) with a token of respect. The company or were there seated around the hall, and the tables another, their dispositions all differ in one way were spread with the good thmgsof,the lano! ere giving to each certain marks of individuality. she made her appearance. She was met at the door What a study is here offered for parents! How to train their children that each one. may De roost by President Janie Wright and Counselors who 1111 Ud JUV IU J l Ub' 1ICPII1I uw.'w.o. gave her a hearty welcome and led her to a seat, she was then presented .with a nice dress pattern, how to measure for each a just amountof time for and appropriate resolutions of respect. .were read and for play; a reasonable share work, for's'tudy . . . ...........,'" ".!.!lJ by Counselor Almeda Welker, to which she re" ensponded with a short address. Said she would be wisely reared; anaenougn ana no more " not attempt to describe her feelings but could couragement and praise. , Very much is contained in the Bible, Book of truly say she was surprised and pleased to meet with us on this occasion. MormonandDoctrin The company were there seated around the greatly aid parents in the all , important duties of should mother and their every children, table and all partook until, they were satisfied, training seek diligently to learn the revealed word of the after which the programme was engaged in Lord on this weighty subject. select follows: as recitations, songs, LULA. readings and the Young Ladies' manuscript paper was read by Counselor Louisa Peel. President CHAFF. Layton and Brother Weech of Pima made some very interesting remarks. Women are either fat or scraggy in New York, President Janie Wright thanked the . company and in full dress resemble either the fat lady of the for their kind attention and hoped they had been circus or an anatomical study in Dones. well repaid for coming. Singing. Benediction The New York women have pretty faces. by Bro. Peel. English women are well formed; Scotch are On the evening of May 8th the Primary Assolarger boned, and Irish (in the north) raw boned. and small hands have American women feet; ciation gave a surprise- - to their late President; British women have large hands and feet. The Sister Annie Packer. The evening was spent in JUUIICI vdUUUl wtiJV, nunc iuc ioui aiv, singing recitations picnic etc., both old and young " ' " destrians. seemed to enjoy themselves very much. . The Edinburgh women are among the neatest The Relief Society is in good running order, and most tasty dressers in the world. They are and take us all around I believe we are as In New York and well as we can under the circumstances. doing also decidedly original. Washington women run into styles, and you may Almedia Welker, Secretary pro tern. see hundreds with the same things. This is not true of Edinburgh. The costumes are remark-ablel- y neat, differ greatly, and what is still more R. S., Y. L M i. A. & P. A. .REPORTS. remarkable, they are all very quiet. The Edinburgh men are homely, generally loud SMITTJFIELD. dressers, and few of them have good figures, in who with the contrast which they women, greatly Editor Exponent: well formed. and are pretty exceptionally Scotchmen, with rare exception?, do not know Thinking a brief report from the Relief Sohow to treat women. They are rude and boorish ciety of thi j ward might be of interest to you as well as your numerous readers, we very recompared with wonen, while the women make themselves so cheap that the tendency is to still spectfully submit the following: At a meeting held on the 21st of December greater rudeness among the poorer classes in Eng- last, 1885, a reorganization of our Relief Society was effected, this reorganization having very badly treated, especially when compared with braen made necessary by the removal from our view the manner in which ward of the late esteemed President, Sister A; I , women, or appear to view them. Barber. The following officers were unaniIn America the prettier women are among the wealthier classes. In Great Britain they seem to mously sustained: Sister E. T. Juchaw,Presi-dent- ; Sisters M. Williams and M. A. Hylliard, be among the poorer, and for this reason so many Counselors; Mary Woodruff, Secretary; Sister are ruined at an early age, and in the streets Margaret Story, Treasurer. which they frequent one is astonished to find so The association is in a prosperous condition great a number of lovely women hopelessly lost. being well unitedand determined to press forNo wonder we can point with such pride to ward in good works and fulfill the object for what civilised monogany has done for women. . We which the Society was organized. . should be proud of itindeed!! Mary Woodruff, Sec. me. Both were very sweet in their dispositions and smart to learn, hut m some respects the" stand. were President Emma Brown and Counselors, the presidents of a number of the different branches, President Hatch and a number of the brethren. Meeting was opened in the usual manner, prayer being offered, by Bishop R. S. Duke. The minutes of the former conference were read and adopted. - The reports, both written and verbal, were well rendered,' showing an increase of members since last re- parts. Prest. Emma Brown and Counselors rrave their usual motherly advice, dwelling strongly 6nthe subjectof rearing-an- d training our" in the proper path. young Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Mary Bronson, who so efficiently occupied the position of Stake Secretary, and who departed thi3 lite February 9th, 188G, wero " read and adopted. The congregation was Taddressed by Prest. Hatch, Coun. T. H. ;Giles and Bishop R. S. Duke, who "encouragingly exhorted the sisters to continue faithful to the cause they had espoused. PrestrBrown, after a few closing remarks, anuounced that conference would be adjourned for; six months. Singing. Benediction bv Prest. Hatch. - - -- -- and-shadow-a- ndan . - - W A 11 . , -- - ; .. . "" - - - , ders - LETTER FTOM ARIZONA. Editor Exponent: HEBER ' 1 I believe you have, through the columns of your paper, extended an" invitation to the different settlements to write to you occasionally. When you C. Josephine Jones, Sec. pro tern., HYRUM. Editor Exponent: . - New-Englan- " city. Editor Exponent: A conference of the Relief Society of the Wasatch btake of Zion was held in the Heber City Hallway 7th, 1886. Pxeent on the Thinking that perhaps a line from Hyrum might be acceptable I send a synopsis of the 18th anniversary of the Relief Society, which was held at 10 a. m. in the public nall,Hyrum, May 8th, 1886. The hall was neatly decorated for the occasion .by the young ladies. There were present, Prest. Adaline Barber, Sisters Zlna D. Young, Crowther, Pike, Woolf and Turner. Bishop S. M. Molen and Counselors several other brethren, and a large attendance of members of the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. After opening exercises the report was laid before the meeting and accepted and officers sustained as they stood before. Sister Zina D. Young addressed the meeting on training c ur children aright, said a child's education should begin as soon as it is born It isthe duty of every mother to instil into her children the principles of the Gospel; spoke of the persecutions that are heaped upon us as a people. If we have faith we will come out all right. Also spoke in behalf of the Hospital. Prest. A Barber said, if we are faithful we have nothing to fear, the Lord has promised to be our battle axe. Teach your sons and daughters to keep the commandments of God. Your report is excellent, always keep a copy of your report. Gave very good counsel on different subjects. Sisters Woolf, Pike aud Crowther each spoke a short timejwere pleased to meet with the sisters in Hyrum, and to hear the excellent instructions." MissS. Thorn of Brigham city next suug a song entitled "Some day I'll wander back - again," , Patriarch O. N. Liljenqui3t gave very good and fatherly counsel, exhorted all to faithful-ness- . : - ,:: .. Singing. Benediction by Bishop Molen. At the close of the meeting the tables were spread on the stand,and a very nice dinner was partaken of by a large majority of the brethren and' sisters. The feast was for the benefit of the widows, and missionaries wives and the aged sisters. H. A. Shaw, E. Peterson M. Neilson and S. McBride were the committee for the occasion and they spared no pains io make all happy, all went off well and every one felt that it was good to be there. Very respectfully, N IU Neiion, Secretary. , r 