WOMAN'S EXPONENT. first came here vc felt very humble arid prayed a great deal; I don't. believe the Lord will fend 'us harder trials than He is willing to give us strength to bear. You and I belong to the Lord's people, and we know He wants a tried people. As long as we are here let us strive to Hive right. Wo have been told ever since we Were .children that this time would come; we ought to build up Zion. If we lavish kind-ne?- s on any one we expect them ti be kind to us again; the Lord expects the same of us. We cannot be charitable enough; we must forgive-- ' Kinduess comes from God, hatrt-from the 1 cannot adversary. say what the tempter - will tempt me with but I feel that I love the Gospel more than 1 did and felt forty years ago; and I loved it then ' V in it." : happy Bro. E. A. Box addressed the assembly on to-da- y interesting subjects, and particularly so on the" great ; responsibility-o- f We parents.-4 should strive to govern our children; bring .them upfin a posing way before the Lord; we claim we are regenerating the world. " We. do expect to b3 niorf.. virtuous, more sober, teachWe ing our' children morality and honesty. ilo not talk, enough ab;u t the fir?t principle-?- , or converse enough with our 'children, upon them. We should be very carefuLwith what we say or do at home." Emilia D. Madsen was the next speaker. Prest. Harriet Snow made a few closing remarks, endorsing .all that had been said; the Spirit of the Lord liad abundantly been poured out upon all present, and every heart had received new warmth and strength. After singing and benediction by Brother Graham, conference adjourned for three man months. . Emilia D. Mads en, Cor. Sec SEMI MONTHLYMEETINGS. SYNOPSIS OF MINUTES. The regular Semi-monthl- Meeting held in y the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, July 10th voan fintt f linmnal lrittrttf fiistpt Eliza R. Snow Smith being present, after a very loner absence from these eatherin 23. There another special feature of this meeting; also that the place of Coun. Phebe Woodruff, recently deceased, was to be filled. Prest. M. I. Horne presided. There was a full meeting, and a good spirit pervaded the assembly. After singing, prayer was offered by Sister Minerva W fint iniivl Vitr- - kinfrinrr. MiniltfiS of previous meeting read and approved. aru xuinuies oi I. Li. iu. 1. A. oi tne zuin were read, and P. A. of the 5th, 21st and 4th was wards. , Prest. M. I. Horne made a few remarks, and referred to the business which was to ha transacted, viz., to nominate some one to fill to greater faith and" 05 earnestness in the Gospel-warnethem 0fevil spirits that are hovering around trying to destroy and draw our little ones away; prayed .wo and might have-gracfaith to accomplish all we desired to do. etc Prest. E. R. Sr Smith said' We are living in a very important time, since God "has drought to light the Everlasting Gospel, and since we have had tv leave-ouhomes and oUr for the country pearl of great price, let us cling tn it, come life or ome death; do not waver." Was thankful she had lived to sue thn day "In this persecution that is going on, isGodV handin it? : I think itjs." Sp.oke Prest. Horne" made some very stirring re marks; believed, in regard to the sermon by Bro. Thatcher, that it would be fulfilled, unless the people turned round very quickly and d e d. Said: "Ha thU ru? . We have people? No; I dojiot-think'sgot in luifaiiu our sins ana repent ;uetore our Father and God." Made .mention of election ilav. and niaiiv other items of t.hp rrfnfpsf im. VMVV till j -portance, earnestlyexhoriiug; the sisters to lior,l tU mvu V) US, or If HOC, tin; iJiaiij jmilUg1 we must abide the consequences, which she dc- scnoeii as very dread tuJ. r - for two weeks.. Adjourned Singing. DisquiteVloquehtly of the Savior, and Ills death missed with prayer by Dr. K. S. Barney. J!'f.u;'said weZsIiouTd : try' and stanrHirm, what He passed, through for us. RESULTS OF THE CRUSADE. "0 my sisters, what glorious Prospects are before us, but we will need the Holy Ghost, and "God moves in a mysterious way to draw nearer unto God, if we desire to obIU j'tUUlIU, i.j tain them. These Enemies who are working against us have taken their parts in the proSince the present crusade has begun, and and we have taken and let us especially since the excursion of the G. A. R., ours, gramme, abide firm and true in the path we have wliieu passed through this city recently, when chosen." Spoke of a division that would take our enemies did so much to 4'sliow us up" in piac, wheu hypocrites would be taken from an im)roj)er light, a great many people have -- our m idst, and-o- u rTe pies -- won Id nut- - be pol-- visi ted ou r ci ty , and -- ara morctnan"ever in ter- luted. ''If we do right we have ested in the present condition of affairs among J fear.' to "Felt to bless nil, and a;k the Latter-danothing Saints, and appear to manifest God to preserve this peonle from all the evil, a more earnest desire than ever before to inmachinations of those who arecombiued quire after the principles of the Gospel, the beSatan's them. emissaries. lief and practice of the Saints, etc. agaihst 'They are say It has been said-tha- t if we are not pure enough that people in the east are thoroughlyThey aroused the MelehUeJec. Priesthood will betaken away, fix Kt iunt f rt wo a n rftttXt o vex mnnctlir and we will only have the Aaronie." Made persecuted. They say that until this persecuother interesting remarks. tion commenced they had heard nothing of Sifter Sinah Bishop bore testimony to the lormonisntT-excep- t the false reports, that are Dr. truth of the principle ofplurai inarriage. generally circulated aoouc us, nut since tne of counfew a words. E. S. Barney gave commencement of the inhuman persecutions, good sel. Sister Dyer bore her testimony, and spoke that have been heaped upon the people their in' the gift of tongues. Interpretation given sympathies navo been aroused, anutaeir curi11. D. has caused them to inquire Young. A sister m the osity excited;-audby Sister Zina of words to the bore for such a state of things, and, reasons the into testimony congregation Sister Elizabeth Paul, SLter Zlua. Sister they hear many things that they would not McLean and Sister Sister Kimball, and what they hear otherwise' take notice-o- f, Mortenseu, anothsr sister in the audience oore faithful and see, makes stronger impressions than it for would under ordinary circumstances. Thus testimonies, and meet ed this at of be of wrath see man may we that "the made the feast good things enjoj '. t I jry Ml t """""" " re-mo auu no to remainuer win ingr praise uou, o- r w -. r WW -- 7 - rvliv-yi- a -- " 1 : " it expressed-their-gratitud- e -- - ' 'Wetp, weep not for by Sister L. b. me Zion. Benediction lay lor. Meeting; August- 7th, Prest, - Semi-monthl- y Alter smgiug, prayer After wnfin" afaiu,and the reading of .minutes of uum uiu previous meeting, minuteswere reau and from the -- Y. L. 31. I. A. of the 8th Ward, . n i . ITT P. A. of the Oth and bth Yanlex Prif. Hnrrif? inade it few remarks, and the sisters in the pressed a desire to hear from Home presiding. M. I. A hv f!niin. B. W. Smith. 1 . congregation- - Brown, Sinah Bidiop, S. Bird, M. v. Wnfmnnfrh. Sister Dver, Dr. E. S. the vacancy caused by the death c4 Sister 'iil-no-iA ' orfl nilipr sisters in the congregation Woodruff, . bore faithful testimonies and made interesting her Sister S. R. E. Smith pleasure r expressed ana remarks; also Sisters xMortenson, rentier in meeting with the sisters after so long a time, goou counsel. Mary Davis gave a few words oi. and added that the sisters who had come out nearer to lived Sifter Roundy said if we reon so their and Lord the loved a sultry day would not. feel to shrink from the nominated iSister Minerva God we ligion. She-the- n trials that are upon us. "We are to be tried W. Snow as Counselor to President Ml I some as gold seven times, and we may expect ' Horne, in place of Coun. Phebe W. Woodruff, " , , very bitter experiences deceased' The nomination wa3 unanimously the in Two sisters congregation then bore ' approved. Sister Brown quoted from a recent Coun. Mv W. Snow made a few remarks, exdiscourse of Elder Moses Thatcher's. Sister Ij3 the granted she that pressing might hope H C Young desired the meeting in unite with health and strength to perform any duty she to by all her in prayer, which was responded "night be called upon; to do, and prayed she ' present !night prove faithful, and fill the p)siti jn:with meet-it- j B W. Smith then addressed the Sit-honor.. counseled the sisters to be true and firm, Coun. Zina D. II. Young, after preliminary, -t ) fear, for we will yetovercome ourremarks in reference to her recent illness, and and not a rmmnl, n the end." Was thaukher life, of for the gratitude preservation witnout pass- fal that Congress had adjourned said she had, for comeVime past, been laboring iu'-- tne new uuiuui.!Q the Temple at Logan, and urged the sister Sisters M. V . 1 i - 1 "' ' strain." .:L I think this affords an excellent opportunity for missionary labor for all who have friends or relatives in the world If we would take time from our own affairs to write to friends, to send them papers and Church publications, that they may hear both sides of the (juestion, and get a proper understanding of the ntuation, they would at least better understand us? and we can be missionaries at hime. When we have read our papers wo should not destroy them, but mail them to a distant friend; if we have none of our own, give them to some one who has friends, and urge them to send them to them. When you give reading matter to your friends enjoin it upon them to loan it to others, that the truth may be learned about us, that the truth may be scattered as far as falsehood. has been. I fear that some of the re- res pons i hi I ity will rest upon us, if we da not do our doty in thisjnatter. -- Ruth. NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. , ' . tr-tim-on'y. r lr 7 Mr3. Edith Longfellow Dana and Mrs. Annie Longfellow Thorpe are to build a double house near the old' Craigie mansion for their resi dences. Anderson ' has been the Marv spending autumn, with Mr. and Mrs. William Black, amid the picturesque sceuery of Oban; which her host has so graphically and charmingly described. A university for women , founded on private 