WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 176 that variety known as nervous dyspepsia.- It will relieve the languor leu Dy consumpuvea. It will cure hypochondria. It will - cure the. cupfuls of sugar. Boil the eggs, sugar and water together for fifteen "minutes; then mix in the r v orange, and it is ready to spread. one and - " headacoet it win euro mowillucuiojgia. cure sorrow. will cure a broken spirit. It Now no man should do more work ot muscle . or .ywj v." vrniu, ju n j recover irum uic iauuc ui ji t rest. Up to that pint, exercise is gooa; oe-vond, are waste ot lite, exhaustion ana aecay. When hunger calls for iopd, and Jatigue demands rest, we areun. the natural order.flnd keen the balance of life. When we take sUmu- Ol . appetite, we are wasting. There are wrong and mischief in all waste of life. A man should live so as to keep himself at his best, To eat more food and with a than is needful, is worse policy than tossing money into the sea. It is a waste of labor and a waste of life. true-econom- y. . A practical housekeeper, writing to the Congregationalist, says she has tested -- the fol lowing recipe lor ngntenmg tne laoor oi and recommends others to try the experiment, being careful to follow the directions exactly: lull ot water, and Fill the boiler Bhavo a bar of good soap in it. When the wasn-ing-da- y, . two-third- s tablespoonfuls and a half of kerosene oil. It will immediately unite with the soap; and, if you have been exact with the amount of each, there will be no oil on the top of the water. Now put the cleanest pieces, like table cloths and napkins, without previous soaking or wetting, loosely into the boiler. Do not put too 'many pieces in at a time. Boil hard for ten minutes, then rinse through two waters and hang out to dry Put more pieces in the same boiler. Examine the articles of body clothing after they are taken out, and, if not thoroughly cleansed, put them bact in the boiler tor another ten minutes, or else rub lightly. If the washing is very large, there should be a renewal of the soap and oil, but for an or- i i t j uiuuiy nusuiug uutc is cuuugu. xu uil Uulir and a half the work is all done for a family of six persons. The clothes are white as snow, and there is not the wear and tear of the clothing by rubbing, above all there is not the wear and tear.of nerves caused by disagreeable labor, or by the more disagreeable and incompe' tent washerwoman. . f " A very soft and pretty fringe for - home-mad- ' " ID ome stic ! " The Sewing Machine of the Age! e rugs may. be obtained by raveling out the" good parts, of old stockings and mittens. The crinkled appearance is a pretty feature, and it lasts for years under ordinary wear. Excellent effects are obtained by mining the colors. OBITUARIES. Died, in Ovid, Bear Lake Co., Idaho, March 19th, J886, after an illness of twelve days, Mary Jane Skinner Petersen. - She was the eldest daughter of John and Jane Skinner, and wife of John Petersen. Sister Petersen was born in Genesee Co., State of New York, Feb. 22nd, 1861. She leaves a husband and three children, the youngest only twelve days old, and many relatives and friends to mourn her loss. She was a member of the Y. L. M. I. A., and respected by all who knew her. She died in full faith f tne Gospel, and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. Nettie S. Johnson, A. Soreksen, Sec. 5i hyi3w CO i0 . Prest.,-Elizabet- hints. washing-da- y one-hal- . Died, in Salt Lake City, March 10th, 1886, of Brights Disease, Sister Mary Ann Newman, in the 76th year Of her age. Deceased was born In Langtorf, Lincolnshire, England, 18 10. Embraced the Gospel in 1848; emigrated to the United States in December, 1850." She buried her husband in St. Louis the following February. In the fall of 1853 she arrived in the valley with her children, and has resided in this city until her demise. The Elders who visited her home in Witham, England, remember her unbounded hospitality, for hers was a home indeed to them "A faithful wife, a devoted mother, a true Saint and a firm Cistern water may be purified by charcoal put in a bag and hung in the water. Glaze the bottom crust of fruit pies with the white of an " ; egg and they will not be soggy. Jlfrlisses Cookies. Three eggs, twocupfuls of molasses, one cupful of sugar, one cupful of butter, and a heaping teaspoonful of saleratus. . If you have occasion to use cloths wet in hot water about an invalid, do not try to wring them out of the water. The best way to prepare them is to steam them; they can then be handled with comparative ease.. Antidote for Poison. la any case of poisoning, swallow instantly a glassful of cold water with a teaspoonful each of ground mustard and salt stirred in. This is a speedy emetic. When it has acted, swallow the whites of two raw eggs. Old Constitution Building, Main Street, vl .5AUTJ.AKE Matilda paralytic stroke, onr;the723rdiof-Marchri88- 6, of eldest Robert Price. Matilda She and daughter Mary, was born at Williamsburg, N. Y., Jan. 3rd, 1857, and was a faithfnl member of the Church of Jesus Christ. She acted as Assistant Secretary of the Relief Society, First Counselor in the Young Ladies' Association, President in the Primary Association of the. Paris Second Ward, and teacher in the Sunday School." She was energetic, and per formed all of her duties promptly. Her greatest ambition was to gain knowledge and do good to others. She leaves an invalid husband, to whom she has been a loving and faithful wife, also many relatives and friends, who sadly mourn their loss. ciTy, mM ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 18CS. 0 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF , friend, she has gone to her grave "esteemed and beloved by all She leaves two sons and one daughter, twenty grandchildren and one Millennial Star please copy. great-grandchil- flrv Knnris.Nnffnns.KrnnRrifiR - HIPP C. Will commence a Class in Obstetrics on May 3d, 1886, at 2 p.m., at her ELEGANT CUT ULABS, AGRICULTURAL . - - - $10.00. Dr. Shipp's office hours are from io a. m., to 5 p. m. Her residence is 34 Seventh East Street, The doctor has given sprci study to Obstetrics and Women's Diseases. . . F. Auerbach & Bro. A Full and Complete Stock ot MILLINERY, Spring and Summer Goods tiT To prepare an egg for a sick person, beat the egg until IKD LADIES DRESS TRIMIRGS. CALL AND EXAMINE. TI&EIb' TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Orange J$r Layer Cale. Grate four oranges, and add he whites of two eggs, two Ublespoonfub --of ancj PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. WAiirni E17D JAlf?3. Bex 33$. Zilt UXE CIT7. . Sc IMPL- E- MENTS, - CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. - We carry a largtr and more complete Stock than any house In the west. t- H. 8. ELDREDGE. Supt. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest styles and pioductions - very light; add seasoning to taste, and then steam until thoroughly warmed through. This will not take more than two minutes. The most delicate stomach will be sable to digest it. . ZDATV-XI- D TOOLS AND CLOTH AND , CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, Office, No. 16 Main Street. ; TUITION, per term, - GLASS AND . QUEENS WARE, d. JR.. MAGGIE T-r- HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, Class in Obstetrics. - HOUSEHOLD HINTS. 58 Died, at Paris, Bear Lake Co., Idaho Territory, of a CO., LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortruenf of DRY G-OOD- S: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. In-ant- 's 