WOMAN'S EXPON KNT. 1 rough and bmt&Fdeputy rages perpetrated around our ddo'ryardsy peer into our bedroom windows, ply little children with questions about their parents, and when hunting their human prey, burst into people's domiciles and terrorize the innocent. ' marshals,---wHoatch- On Jan. 11, 1886, early in the morning, five, deputy marshals appeared at the residence of Wm. Grant, American Fork, forced the front door open, and while the inmates were still in bed, made their way up stairs to their sleeping apartments. There they were met by .one of fko lnnorlitira.nfWm. Ornrtt wKa vena amnsait at the intrusion, and despite hejr protestations, without giving time for the object of their search to get up and dress himself, made their way into his bedroom, finding him still in bed and his wife en dishabille in the act of dressing herself. n the morning of Jan. 13, 1886, a Early-oof deputies invaded the peaceful vilcompany lage of West Jordan, and under pretense of searching; for polygamists, committed a number of depredations. Among other acts of violence they intruded into the house of F. A. Cooper, arrested him and subpoenead his legal wife as a witness against himThis soshocked-hethat a premature birth occurred next day, and her system was so deranged by the disturbance that in a few days she was in her grave. eb. 26, 1886, at about 11 o'clock at night, two deputy marshals visited the house of Solomon Edwards, about seven miles from Eagle Roekf Idaho, and arrested Mrs. Edwards, his legal wife, after she had retired to bed, and required her to' accompany them immediately to Eagle Rock. Knowing something of the character of one of the deputies, from his having visited the house before,rwhen he indulged in a great deal ef drinking.profanitv and abuse, she feared to accompany them without some protection, and requested a neighbor to go along on horseback while she rode in the buggy with the two deputies. Oa the way thejbuggy broke down and she with an infant; in her was compelled to walk the rest of the arms, . ! uisiance oeiween two ana11 inree mne.3. They could have no reasojr for subpoenaing her in the night, and compelling her to accompany them at such an untimely hour except a litimiau maiice ana a aeierminauon u neap all the indignities possible upon her because she wa3 a "Mormon" woman, for she never attempted toyevade the serving of the warrant, and was, perfectly willing to report herself at Eagle Rock the next day. She was taken to SaltLake City to testify against her husband. XOn Feb. 23, 1886, Deputy Marshal Gleason went to Greenville, near Beaver, Utah. The story of their conduct is thus related by the ladies who were the subjects of their violence: -- r ;oue in bed with me. He went tolhe and pulled a from there and iooked "un the chimney.. One of them next pulled up a piece 'of carpet, when Glea- ouu asitea inorapson n ne thought there was any one under tnere. Thompson said, "No," and Gleason exclaimed, "G d it, wc will look any way!" They also looked in cupboards, boxes, trunks, etc., and a small tea chest, but threw nothing out. About 7 a.m. deputies came to our house and demanded admittance. I asked them to wait until we got dressed, and we would let them in. Deputy Gleason said he would not wait, and raised the window and got partly through by the time we opened the door, when he drew himself back and came in through the door. He then went into the bed room; one of the young ladies had got under the bed, from which Gleason pulled the bedding, and ordered the ran into the other room, where she was met by Thompson. 1 asked Gleason why he pulled the bedding from the bed, and he answered, "By G d, I found Watson in the same kind of a place." He then said he thought Easton was concealed in a small compass, and that he to in find him a similar place, and expected -AIfog a!. X i-- - 1 li - MIS3 MORRIS' STATEMENT. Peputy Gleason came to bed and pulled my the clothing off me, asking if there was any helu . saHtraw fire-plac- e -- . WILLIAM TIIOMAS' STATEMENT. . The deputies called at our place about daybreak, and oame to my window and rapped, asked who was there, but received no answer. when I They then tried to raise called again, and they said they were officers. I asked them to wait until I was dressed, but they said no, or they would break in the door. 1 told, them they had better let that out, and they went around, to mother's door, which was opened, and father was summoned. The lied to "of Mrs. Elliotts the deputies next went and subpoenaed her. Gleason said, with a frightful oath, that he knew there was another woman in the house, and searched in boxes, ' ' "' " f trunks etc. rl the-windo- w, " lot-when-- ur self-restrai- ?uAnd now we are threatened with entire uc liivn-iut)i every ngm ana privilege oi to citizenship, gratify a prejudice that is fed on ignorance and vitalized by bigotry. We respectfully ask for a' full .investigation' of Utah affairs. ;; For many years our husbands, brothers and sons have appealed for this in vain. We have been condemned, alu most unheard. Everything reported to our detriment is received; our cries to be" heard have been rejected. We plead for suspension of all measures calculated lojlcnriv&ii3Tf onr. political rights and privileges, and to harass, annoy and bring our peoplejnto bondage and distress, until a commission duly and specially authorized to make full inquiry into the affairs of this Territory, have investigated and reported. And while the blessing of Him who will one day deal oufreyen-handejustice to all, shall rest upon your honorable bodies, your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray, ' d etc. ... 4 " " These are a few instances of the course pursued towards defenseless women, who are not even charged with any offense against the law. We solemnly protest against these desecrations of our homes and the invasions of our rights. We are contented-witluonn molested, and would enjoy the peace of quiet homes, the society of our husbands and children, and the blessings that only belong to God fearing families trained to habits of thrift, and mutual help, if temperance, it were not for these outrages which are committed in the name of law, under the false pretense of protecting home and preserving the family. We learn that measures are in contempla tion before your honorable bodies. to still fur ther harass and distress us. We protest against Sarah M. Kimball, Mrs. M. Isabella Horne, Mas. Elmina S. Taylor, .Mrs.. . - Dr. Romania B. Pratt, " M Rsr II.' CrI J row n ; Mrs. Mary PiTcn forth, Miss Ida I. Cook, Mrs. Ida CooMBa, Mrs. Mary John, Committee. left CORRESPONDENCE. brioham city, Mar, 18, 1886. Editor Exponent: It is some length of time since the young ladies nt of Boi Elder County have been represented through your columns so I take this opportunity of briefly reporting our present condition. On the evening of the 8th inst. our tabernacle was filled with a large, orderly and ap- : u i i. - i i: usof theelectiver 1 MRS. EASTON's STATEMENT. 167 franchise, which we have exercised for over fifteen yeare. What, have we done that we should thus be treated as felons? Our pnly crime is that we have not voted a3 our persecu tors dictate. We sustain our friends, not our i i i 'ii nr we declare that in enemies, at the polls, Utah the ballot is free. It i3 entirely secret. No one can know how we vote unless we choose to 'reveal, it. We are not compelled by any men, or society, or influence to vote contrary to our own free convictions. No woman living with a bigamist, polygamist, or person cohabit ing with more than one woman, can now vote at any election in Utah. Why deprive those against Whom nothing can be charged, even by implication, of a sacred right which has be ' come their property? We ask for justice. . We appeal to you not to tighten the bonds which are now so tense that we can scarcely endure them. We ask that the laws may be fairly and impartially executed. We see good and noble men dragged to jail to linger among felons, while debauched and polluted men, some of them Federal officers who have been detected in the vilest kind of depravity, protected by the same court and officers thaUurn all their energies and engines of power toward -- the ruin of our homes and the destruction of1 our dearest associations. We see pure women forced to disclose their conjugal relations or go to prison, while the wretched creatures who pander to men's basest passions are left free to ply their horrible trade, and may vote at the pollswhile legal wives of men with plural families arc We see the law made specially against our people, so shamefully administered construction thatvery new case brings a new from insafe is of its meaning, and no home stant intrusion by ruffians in the name of the witness an entertainment given under the auspices of the- - officers of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. Miss ter," - dis-franchis- I. Associations of Brigham City when the following programme was presented: Oiee, "The wolf is on the hill," by the choir. Prayer by N. Madson. Singing, "The coming day," by the choir.- - Lecture, "The departure of the children ""of Jsrael from Egypt," by . A. Box; Music by Theatre Orchestra; Essay on "Mutual Improvement," Mrs. Hattie Jensen;" Rec. "Creeds of the Bells," J. D. Peters; Quartette, "Moonlight will come again," Pres. Minnie J. Snow and others; Rec "The Wich's Daugh- . . li. . Freddie Solo and chorus, "Once a friend, a friend forever," Miss Ettie Madsen and others; Address, Pres. N. P. Andersen; Rec. 0. N. Stohl. Jr.; Duet, "See the pale moon' Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Peirce: Rec. "Jehovah's triumph over Baal," Eph Jensen. Violin Solo and organ accompanyment"Swcet Spirit hear my prayer," C. Christenscn and Mrs. Pierce. Apostle Lorenzo Snow followed in a short address; his remarks were replete with wise counsel and advice to the young, and encouraged them in the onward march of im- provement. In is proved his'ia3t appearance in public bef )re going to the Peniteutiaryr lhe Y. L. (Quarterly uoaference of Box Elder Stake, convened in the Brigham City tabernacle Mar. 10th 188G, at 10 a. m. Preit. Minnie-J- . Snow presiding. Although the was weather unfavorable, extremely crood attendance. it did not prevent a After the usual opening exercises, Prest-;M- . J. Show offered a few words of greeting. Felt grateful that we were still permitted to peacefully assemble for purposes of worship, in these troublesome tirae.; Secretary L. S. Peirce read the semiannual reports exhibiting . -- 1 SViderborg. 1 