WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 178 .that a ''Mormon war" at the present time would bo tho most popular, thing the United thatall the great ques Stat3rcoukLcugage-in- ; tions affecting a thousand times more the safety and welfare .of the liepublic could be lost sight of and forgotten, aud the gigantean mind1 of the whole country absorbed and swallowed up in the of subjugating a handful of "religious fanatics," so called, - of a peaceably occupied instilling-tho-so- il desert by them redeemed and made fruitful, .and. singing praises in their .own way to the God whom they list to servo in this land of religious liberty. If this would not be taking a thunderbolt to kill a flea, what would it be? We repeat that the "Mormons," in spite of persecution, can derive satisfaction from the - thought that their opponents cannot afford, for reasons 'best known to themselves, to treat them airly and honorably. They ought to feel flattered that they arethe objects of so much unnecessary attention, and that a war for their subjugation or extermination would be the most paltry-enterpri- se e popularjnovement-that-couldb- . Vive la " Jj3aNEYlIITNEY. tz i CORRESPONDENCE. Editor Exponent: " We are almost out of the world here, and not receive the news very readily, but as soon as we obtained a paper with t'ne account of the Ladies' Mass "Meeting in Salt Lake City, we cauea our society, or wnat is leic or it, to gether. The Preamble and Resolutions, with the Addresses, were read, and' listened to with iuterest, and notwithstanding we are far away and lew in numbers, we fully endorse tho senti ments of our leading sisters as our own, and are with them heart and soul in the present do. movement. Our Relief Society was reorganized on Jan. 1st, looo, with Mary A. Farnsworth, Presi dent; Amanda Foutz and "Bella Farnsworth, Counselors; Annie D. Farnsworth, Secretary. We held one meeting under our new organiza tion, and then we were again broken up. Some nave oecome discouraged aud moved away lor good, others are absent on account of the perse- cution3 tnat are oeing neaped upon our peo- ple. Our general; health is good as it always is; death, excepting from accident and old ase. has never ivisited us during the seven years of our settlement here. .Our postomce address is Tuba City,though tbe place is better known by tho name of Moan Ooppy. We have a weekly mail now, still there seems to be some irregularities-which we hope will be overcome in time. At half past six p.m., the time prise. ap- pointed for gathering, a long table was spread in the meeting house, at which about one hundred and fifty partook of tbegood things of the earth." "WhenHa; tables were "cleared away, the time until twelve o'clock was spent All-- in sneech makin?rsine:ine:, dancin'grtc went home feeling that they had had a good time one long to bo reinembered by our departed missionary. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, we - ', ' remain, Your sisters in the Gospel, S. J. Morrell, Prest., ; M. R. Morrell, Sec 3 " ." Spencer, Sevier Co. two' inches .When. .'theJ)ed.ig, passedover in .this way, go over it again, thinning this time to four or more inches apart. By od, following- removingeaclTtimQ jipart this-meth- -- every alternate plant, the remaining ones rapidly develop, and, the later ones will grow to an immense size, often a foot or more in diameter. Our Country Home -- : : - WATCH THE CHILDREN'S FEET. ' MARRIAGE AMONG THE MANS. TURCO-- V. The following advice from the New York Evening Post is thoroughly', practical, and deserves the attention of every mother: "Lifelong discomfort' and sudden 'death1 often come to children through the inattention or careless ; Tiedf "paefltsTA The Turcoman women do a vast amount of work. They fabricate - carpej, screens for doors, work bags, horse clothing, blankets, and when a young woman i3 engaged it is thought to be the right thing for her to'work all the and other kibitka or tentdomestic-carpe- ts household requisites, before she: is married. When, however, she does marry without having completed this task, it is expected from her that as soon as practicable by her own labor she will refund in cash or kind to her husband the dowry paid to her parents on marriage. Such dowry generally consists of 100 sbeep and a certain amount of money which the bridegroom either pays down in a lump sum to the parents of the bride, or by : stipulated installments." Before a wedding it is customary for the bridegroom, after having arranged for the dowry to be paid to the parents of the bride, to collecthis friends for a succession of horse races and other sports, as also to secure and decorate a camel with the handsomest trappings, which is sent to the bride's kibitka, and on which she mounts and goes forth to receive the congratulations of her own relatives. On. the appointed day of the - lowed to go to sleep with cold feet; thelhing to be last attended to is to' see- that the feet are dry and warm. Neglect of this has often re- sulted in a .dangerous attack ,of croup, diphtheria, or a fatal sore throat Always on coming from school, on entering the house from a visit. or errand in rainy or muddy or thawy weather, the child should remove its shoes, and the mother should Herself ascertain whether the stockings are the least damp. If, they are, they should be. taken off, the feet held before the fire and rubbed with the hands till perfectly. dry, and another pair of stock ings and another pair or shoes put on, The reserve shoes and stockings should be kept where they are good and dry; so as to be ready for use on a minute's notice' . . : The Daily News, of London, with referenco to the great distress prevailing among the working classes, calls "attention to the excel- lent system practiced by the Jews of .the English metropolis in relieving the wants of their poor. Of the 60,000 Jews living ;in London, 11,000 stand in need of assistance, which, work carrier is which expenclsnabout 17,000 annually; branch of it makes loans outside her tent, surrounded by her people, 1 to without interest charges from 70, and the female relatives of the bridegroom go ' is which back in installments of paid weekly down to receive and take her away. This is immediately opposed by the: young lady's six pence. Unly four per cent of ithas been lost. Part of the fund is applied for the purparty, who offer resistance by the discharge of raw eggs, etc., at the .new comers, on which a pose of, teaching. trades to indigent children. is entered into by the young general egg-figj Mi3s Isola Van Diest, M. D., the first woman women present, wnust , tne older, dames carrr tq take a medical degree in Belgium, has been oh the engagement with almonds and raisins. for Js(everal the In the meantime the bridegroom rushes into endeavoringauthorization toyears to obtain " practice. Writing the melee, walks off his beloved, and puts her necessary to a recently correspondent, she says: "I am when the. matter is conupon the camel-saddl.be to able to inform you that I have cluded. Another sort of marriage, called delighted the examihatibn passed. .imjposei upon Tmef and "gulcha," where the girl of her own accord have surmounted all the obstacles thrown in runs off with the young man without reference the way of women who would exercise the proto her parents, is accepted as correct, pro fession oLa physician. I am at last established, vided he is of a like social position and duly and ' enjoy all the privileges of a Belgian doc' pays the prescribed dowry. tor. Many young women are now ih and one of them has just succeeded in becoming a pharmacist" HOW TO CULTIVATE LETTUCE. -wed- din2-the-bride-seat3herselfonan attended-toJby-a-boa- rd si -- ht e, Mary A. Farnsworth. Tuba City, Arizona. Editor "'Exponent: I thought a few words from" this out of the way place might bo of interest to the many, readers of your valuable, paper, which is read with great interest at our firesides, or in our meetings. Wo love to know, what our sisters are doing. in the Afferent stakes of Zion. We have a little band of sisters in this branch of me Fremont sur- raaderbythe foremost nation of modern times. bagalelld diameter, it is obvious that the rows shouljl be rather-mor- e than a foot apart; eighteen to is a good distance. Sow the inches twenty seed rather thinly in the drills, and as soon a3 the plants are sufficiently large for use, commence thinning out the rows; at first to about month. One of our brei1 fn, Peter I. Ecklenv :was called to go on a iinsskm, and the Relief Want that ata Rir nf n An their duty in taking care of the sick and in throwing in their mites to build Temples poor, and assist in every good work. We have a good Sunday School, which is well attended by old and young. Our Primary is also in good condition. ' Great credit is due to the officers of Doth associations, lor the great interest they tase in .the weltare ot the young and rising 1 generation. JVe had a good time here on tho 4th of this , our-universitie- The secrets of successful lettuce culture a d "soil, and eiv- early sowing, rich, tue room. oi The seed piant3 plenty ing. should be sown early, because being small it must ne planted shallow, and hence cannot endure much drought, and also because lettuce is a plant, and so thrives better in the moist and mild weather of spring, than the dry and hot weather of summer? The soil should be rich to promote rapid growth and well prepared to facilitate the Terminal inn .of the seed. - As - the. ..plants ofost varieties, luny ueveiopeo, are a loot or more in well-prepare- cooi-weath- er -- Patents hav" oeen issued to women during the week ending March 23rd, 1886, as follows: Louisa B." Linthiciim.1 TTplpna' ATr A ' tachment for Brake-oven, :; : ,v Henrietta J. Lyon, Newark, N. J., Attach' ment for Fronts. Amanda R. Smith, Prophetstown; Illinois, f- ' s. , a bplasher-holder- . ' . Elizabeth Talcott, Boston, Mount - for Pictures and Photographs. Ida A. Seller, Unadilla, N. Y.f Kitchen Utensil. ; ; ? 