WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 36 She certainly cannot know Why would ports of meetings we had attended in the 1.9th Ward of this city .and in Sandy ;also conferences she want sin and crime to abound where purity 'S inat Kaysville and .Provo, some interesting items and 'true superior and ' connected with the G. A, R. visitors, and other fluences? She says the miners are men without Editor. EMMELltE D. WELLS, riamiliesTor those! wh&have. 4eft thjir families (n. things that help to make variety, are crowded out We have also articles fromJVlrs. M. A. Ml Pratt the east. Does she: realize all that'this : implies? in Salt Lake City, ,U tab. Terms: Published and Mrs. P. C. Young in answer to 'Mrs. Angie Men without families, men who have only self to S2 00! onft conv six months. S1.00. Ten F. Newman's statements about "Mormon''wornen, ' think of, who are absorbed, in human pleasures? o.onlM for the rrice of nine. their condition, their votes and so.forth, that will Men who do not care tp' build up the country Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil snace." one time. 52.50:" per month, S3.00. A liberal discount be given next issue. while here in Utah, or to make homes such as to remilar advertisers. u n inmates. the " exe rci se --a r efining infiue ri c e po Exponent "ofllcerNoT 25 E., South TempleStreet, second Men who pass their days and months in camps, Office.. Business hours from 10 a.m rcrAtA post of neserct News PIONEER DAY. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday.without the society of gentle, tender, pure woman ; Address all business communications to one need not repeat-thstory of mining camp-life- , IN THE LARGE TABERNACLE. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, nortell how votes are bought, and sold;. suffice it Salt La e City, Utah. do not control their votes. to say, The large tabernacle in this city was well filled, It would be a fearful thing for the Territory of r86. r, August Salt! Lake City, Utah if the ballot were taken from women to giver galleries included, with people on Saturday July 1 hose Who 124th, the occasion .being the anniversary of the-such men - thebalanee of -- power " entrance of the pioneers thirty-ninMRS. NEWMAN'S PETITION-AGAIyears ago. know the facts are well aware what the consein for The were stands the absent draped mourning quences 'would be. There are Gentile women in "Mrs. Newman reflects somewhat upon the U.tah ones who are' in exile and in prison for conscience Utah, who do. protest against .woman's, disfranchise-- , Commission, it seems to us, because they have saKe. .uver tne stand or tne rirst Presidency ment, women of brains and of means ; they.may not been severe enougft'in their dealings with the . were conspicuously placealTpPbpriate mottoes. r they are not rabid to meet her aDDrobation. She I be the exception, and . . "fnrmnn" npnnle , r l Woman ! Lppwer? hXPONE ; irtueu-e-nowllbi-real -- . semi-monthl- ' - -- ' - e sound-principle- s e N; . - anli-Mo- -- 1 L j; says, ATteTlhessage was held by the judges of ihe courts that registra tion rould be - denied women on the basis of the invalidity of the Territorial statute. The Utah - fYimmissinn were asked to so declare. - But while--- . listening to the argument the commission declined to act." There is no doubt but that if it had been possible at any time for the ballot to be taken from "Mormon" women with any show of legality whatever, it would have been done. The cases before the courts in 1879 and 1882 prove plain- enough the fact that the law giving the women of Utah the ballot was valid, and for that very reason ,it could not be taken from them without due pro cess of law. " Mrs. Newman says, "Shall the United States . unuer compromise with tms the specious plea' of vested rights." First she I wants to blame the Utah Commission for not push ing this matter to the extreme, and then the TTnitoi-(nr larlr nf spvpriti' Snrplv n fpv"Mormon" womens votes' are a dreadful annoy-anc- e to Mrs. Newman. She says Gentile women do not care to vote. She says, "The men were enfranchised by national authority, and in consonance with constitutional provision, the women by an alien church, organization, whieh renders no allegiance to the government." The women of Utah had the ballot given to them in the same way as the women of Wyoming by the legislature of the Territory and signed .by the Governor. Would Mrs. Newman say the women of Wyoming and Washington Territories were not entitled to the ballot? If "Mormon" men are legal voters it was their vote that elected- the Legislature, and being thus elected, why had they not the right to pass laws? and if other laws, then why not a law to confer the elective franchise on women? Mrs. Newman tells Congress to withdraw thi.s.mighty 12,000 female votes and power in elections--overy soon county and municipal Gentile officers could be elected, and Gentile representatives chosen for the legislature.- Mrs. Newman wants men to' vote, all classes of men in Utah except that class now already disfranchised. The drunkarathe gambler, the saloon keeper, those who would use their utmost influence to destroy the youth of thejand by the sale and use of ardent spirits and other vile practices of various kinds ; she, a refined and educated woman, would take the votes from "Mormon" women to throw the balance of power in favor of those who would support such practices. She mourns, as it were, that the Gentile element is not more strongly represented, and "thinks by "substracting 12,000 votes mat very soon tne oemae vuic win iuvc an equal proportion, or balance of power. Ddes she know what class of Gentiles predominate in the mining districts, and what fearful consequences migtit result from ..giving them the balance of v- - 7 --- 1 . " quasi-severeignt- . J Qt-it- c - - y ll 1 ''The. Fir-.- t Presidency: In exile for Conscience Sake.' and they know and appreciate the advantages of "Of the Twelve Apostles and Counselors: Those not political equality and are not willing to have the here are in jeopardy, in prison, and in foreign lands, beright wrested from them after having enjoyed it so cause they prefer to obey God rather than man." or anv Ion": But what nVht has "The Residency of the Stake: Having tas'.ed of the other person or class of persohFtinterfere wUii vengeance of their enemies, and felt their cruel disregard the ballot in the hands of the legal voters of the of law, their labors and" visits are like the Angels', seen women of Utah, who have never even been aconly by those who have faith." human or divine, cused any-lawhether they are "Mormons';. or Gentiles? The "Of the Presiding Bishopric: Those who are absent enforcement of the Edmunds Law upon those choose to be wanderers in their own lancfein preference to considers to those who have selected them for ruin." whom the law offenders, has already is this caused. sorrow and hardship enough. It On the top of the front of the organ in large families the and cruel disrupting of severing 'gilt letters were the words, ties, that is causing -- W'omen's hearts to; "In God we put our Trust," break and filling the -- land with' desolation and U .1 XT TIT f ' mourning, we say 10 .urs..iiewmau, auu 10 an and below, such persons, consider your work, for. by these L nderthe everlasting Covenant God will and must be things you will be judged: by a higher court than . glorified." the Supreme Court of the United States ;thes.e J:liat..are Jk e pt by.t h e : acts are written in th Beesley's martial band and the Sunday School will to have meet them; Union band furnished appropriate music. Superrecording angels, and you the' the cruel the the tears, intendents of Sunday Schools, High Councilors, sorrow, separations, sickness and death of many in consequence of Bishops and others,including three of the original these persecutions, will be charged to those who pioneers, occupied the platform, Bishops Lorenzo have wrought this cruel work. Are you prepared D. Young, Milleh Atwood andElder S. Turnbow for the consequences? Tender women deprived Elder John C. Cutler, Assistant Superintendent, of the love, companionship and support of the presided. Elder Mclntire hadcharge of the a children singing. Meeting opened at 10 husband; little ones left without father's care; in women the not are there world children singing "Marching Homeward." Prayer enough suffering and fatherless children? by Bishop MrAtvood. Song by the children, . O let not these.things be laid at your door, but "Beautiful Zion'." Music by the S. S. Union cease to. persecute the Saints, and turn your at " band, ''Passing under the Rod." tention to some noble work in the cause of huPioneer address by Bishop O. F. Whitney,who is a son of H. K. Whitney, one of the Pioneers manity. Help those who are weak and erring; ' ' do need not "Mormon" women (now deceased). you, they are strong in the Lord, who is all powerful, and their faith My Brethren and Sisters: In addressing a few will not fail, for they know their cause is just and words to thisvast congregation, I. shall not atwill yet triumph. We wish no evil to any, but tempt to dazzle your minds by a display of oratory. we now are to the all defend principles say Even were it in my power I should not deem it for they are eternal. There ing will be maintained, proper on this occasion. I prefer, rather, to have in true heart of the a but no fear Samt, strength js my words remembered and made use of, to have the right, and the and courage and firmness-fothem'undexstood by all, and sink, like good'seed who for this are and those are more truth, people npon fertile soil, into the hearts of my hearers, to than those who are against them, for the'innumer- under .bring forth the fruits of4ifeand-salvati- on' able hosts of heaven are arrayed on the side of the blessing of God's Holy Spirit, to His name's those who are seeking to establish correct princihonor and glory. ples and social purity, and no great work has ever Among our noblest heroes and heroines whom been accomplished without suffering and sacrifice. history has made immortal, are those brave men Our Savior suffered most of all, and if we would and women' who have, in different ages of the bjikeHjm we also must endure trials and perse- - world, refused to surrender their sacred convictions cutions until our Father says it is enough, and and be untrue to the dictates of their con- "God will protect us in doing what's riht." sciences--tbe voice of God in the human heart and "have left home and country, often despoiled EDITORIAL NOTE. of their possessions, and have taken their lives in their hands, bid adieu to their native land, with On account of publishing so much of the pro all the associations and ties of kindred and affecI ceedings at the Tabernacle on Pioneer dav, there tion, and have gone forth to seek out anew land is not.room tor other matter on hand. Brief re- where they might enjoy the rights of conscience Mrs.-Newm- an 1 -- wr being-victim- s ten-dir- est . 1 A . ; ' efks a-- . r . -- . . 