w nax xi'js ihat mean, mother i Mother. "It means that his forefathers were ' rich and great." Willie (in surprise).. . "Did he have four ..;;;.. fathers?" V - orraonam Isometimes have theplesur the sisters in their IleTiefbociety meetiDgs, there being three organizations in mis comtv ence. The members are actively and" energetically engaged in doing good. The society at New Brimsley "is'' the oldest, with Shter .Merab Wharmby as President, organized by Nov. 23rd, 1884. The Elder James-Eardly, Mansfield Society, organized by Elder. James Eardly, May 17th, 1885, with Sister Caroline SoCooper, President, and the Nottingham ciety, organized by Elder M. L. Pratt, with bister-Jjy-d ia h u rro ws, r res menu We have six Sunday Schools, four Mutifal Improvement Associations, .and all are in good working order. T have been telling the wafers about your valuable paper, the ExpyN-- . ent what excellent reading iVfound ininter-est-it3 s columns, and how ably it represents the of the women of Utah. I am sure if times were not so hard, and so many out of be several subwork here, that there-wou- ld scribers for your paper. The people who are Saints here are' very, very poor, and are praying for the time to come when they may be delivered from old Babylqnvrealizingmore evetyni'ay-tbat--thisTisbaints to live. not the place tor Latter-dato the. Wishing a happy and prosperous-yeawelfare Exponent, and ever praying for the of the daughters of Zion, I am, Your brother in the Gosnel, rr ; ; Mother (laughing),. JNot four in number, Willie..: When we speak of a man's forefathers, we mean his grandfathers and his great grandfathers and their fathers, and so on, back through generations that have lived before him." Willie. "Oh! yes; what you mean now!" Mother. "Think you can remember it?" place, a good Mormon does not drink) smoke cheV,' nor even 'use. coffee and tea, nor frequent saloons or other vile resorts." As to the' Mor- mon women, Mrs. Lockvood sturdily main- tained that they are fully up to the standard of intelligence and progressiveness; that each is the head of her own house, governs her own children, a n d is far more in d e pen d en t. of men than the Gentile women. Her opinion of the 'Edmunds hill was aske'd. "I "think it unjust and revolutionary in the extreme," was the an- rr iiitc. i ii iiy iu. Do not misunderstand me. lama swer. Lee. "Please read on now, mother." ' thorough monogamist by education and belief, - Afother. "I will finish this story, and then and I think it must require a strong conviction and in the I must must cradle to work." go baby of religious duty on. the part of any woman to go 7:T Lula. submit to the polygamous relation. T)ut I do not .recognize the' right of,our government, after allowing the system thirty-fivyears' exCHEERFULNESS. Cannon and to istence, permitting, George Q. in Congress for years, to now threaten to sit Who 'would 'not be beloved and beautiful? I disfranchise both men, and women, and confisbelieve I can truthfully say there are none who cate theiiLproperty, if they will not renounce have not this desire' Some say the desire to the relations of a lifctirr;e which they conscienplease is selfish; so it is, and we are all selfish. tious! v believe to.be an essential part of their . Some who have not good judgment go. too far, and - religious sy stem inthe suppression to all. is This a indeed be fault. To try please of polygamy by daw, but not through mean's ouu AiU uui IJCttaiUIll) n.uiv, which are retroactive and subversive of Amerijjimoaui itt "have to yield to others and should never do so, can liberty." when we feel that we are in the right; but in little Mrs. Lockwood struck at another of the in saying that tnings it is oiten a positive pleasure to yield.. But theories of the ' how often have bad habits been formed by giving the Mormons' children were the most beauti-fu- l M. 1L Pp.att. e ue way uei.uic she had ever seen, and bright as a dollar, wjmj iu agreeaDie; nowouen 'do we hear it said, "Yes, I took a drink because I "Every Mormon child. is made velcome when AVORD3 OF CHEER FROM A it enters the world; and as the Mormon FRIEND. mother is taught that her rank in heaven will light of you if you refuse," and it is so with most v iiu Luuiu ftumire onewno vouia go l;au iiauua. "depend "on "the number and quality of the to such extremes to. e agreeable?" No one; Dear Little Exponent: children she rears in this life, a perfect motherthe person is certainly weak, and although is developed. "L believe in criticising Let us have a moment'. chat together. One hood ood natured and nlimnnf a , vmi vMunub u- ry i of your friend fay3 that she' fears I do rot and fighting polygamy on a true indictment," j mire him as one who knows right from wrong, and said the lady, "but the false tales that are cirscan your pages with careful interest." Now, uses his own good judgment instead culated around the countr3r under the head of led dear little friend, we know that she is mistaken, 'The Mormon Horror,' etc.,- - are detestably , by others. '..;. do we not? We know that every word is read, We all know right from wrong. God-hablessed even the death notices, although the person be unfair." us with this knowledge, and even those who deny' a "stranger, I read the tributes of love, and Mrs. Lockwood, like many other folks, is Amu naic mat ivuuicut wiiiiui uieir oreast, ana sometimes imagine myself at the funerals somewhat mistaken about the "Mormon" there it remains in spite -- of their every effort to mingling my tears of the.be-reavewith sympathy; mothers being taught that "their rank in headestroy if This is a beautiful world that God has . ven will depend upon the number and quality given us, and we all have our own little part to Yes, every word of the little paper is read, of the children" they rear-ithis life," hut she we be Shall when and come across I an article of special is perform. cheerful, bright and pleasright in the statement that children are "welinterest in an old paper, I enjoy the pleasure come" ant, and scatter joy and Icive about us, forget our to the "Mormons," and are not deslittle sorrows and perplexities to wipe away tears of again reading it. 'The Christian Standard troyed, either before or alter birth, by the murfrom some beautiful eyes and cheer some sad comes to mee regularly I get the Chautauquan derous methods that are common among very once a month, 'JB fights. Journal, Commercial hearts that have been burdened with cares? Oh, pious women who figure in the an ti-- f Mormon"., Gazette, Evening Pod, etc.. all of which are if we would all tryj what a beautiful worldit would movement, and who have no idea of the marbe! God would smile upon us, and angels' watch something put aside" for a season, but the Exriage relation above Just without the responsover us! Then we would be indeed beloved and ponent never it i3 read and then carefully ibilities that belong to true wifehood and filed away. All matters concerning the. Mor-- '. beautiful. Mrs. Lock wood vis a woman oi m at erni mons nave a great interest lor me, and 1 am moral ty. How blessed is a home with a sweet, cheerful courage as well as great legal ability, laughingly called a "Mormon" among my and is not afraid to say what she thinks to any mother. 'Tis hard sometimes for anxious, nervous friends. Perhaps I fail to appreciate the full mothers to be cheerful, but tW ic t one. u r an xie ties - and feel i ngs,-b- u exten ye t I Children well trained in the fear of God gained by beihgeross andgIoomy7EtcF cannot but feel a sympathy for you, and word makes us feel more nervous and tired and and the practice of virtue, are jm honor to wish iive that could in undisturbed you after spoken what harsh, hard feelings they leave their mothers in this world, and will shine as Let us will that peace. come hope out good in the breast. All thrive in a cheerful jewels in their crown and add much to their atmosphere. these of evil days. we' How tired all feel after a long, cold glory, happiness and exaltation in the eternal winter,and :. : Sincerely yours, how blissful are the first bright days of sunshine. world, where all will be valued for what they ' Emily Scott. the as buds Just are, and shine with their own excellence or he expand and grow under the Feb. 10th, 18SG. Ohio, dimmed with their Own shame. bright sunlight, do our souls grow and become -- f-se- : : .' .. - -- -- -- e lleve 4 y r anti-Mormon- s, " per-ha- DS -- of-bein- '' g ' ... s d. n -- - f- sin-cere- -- ly - " beautiful by the sunshin of cheerfulness. BELVA A. LOCK WOOD, AND CORRESPONDENCE. 1 , ' Editor 49 Jn Saeina St. Nottingham, ' MOR- - AMEND THE UTAH BILL. MO.N" MOTHER? Feb. 4th, ,1880. ' Woman's Exponent: , In visiting the various branches the Nottingham Conterenee, I find composing an excellent spirit prevailing amongst the Saints generally, and often do we hear kind words of sympathy for cur brethren and sisters who are undergoing persecution in the land of Zion interview Mrs. Belva A. Lock-woois who described as the Queen of the American Bar," is reported as- sayin some good words fbr , the much-ahuse"Mormons." Alter relating how she came to be nominated by the woman s rights people.for the Presides cy she was asked concerning certain utterances attributed to her by the bait Lake Tribune, which the lady denied, but went on to make remarks which are reported as follows: "I have no ohjectiona to saying now that I Editors Woman's Journal: ' d, All suffragists in States which have members of the llouse of Representatives on the Committee on Territories are earnestly requested to write at once and urge them to use their utmost influence against the disfranchisemeBt of Utah women. That Committee consists - : d - " of: , William H. Hill, Ohio; William M. Springer, Illinois;' J. Thomas Spriggs, New York; Charles E. Boyle, Pennsylvania; George T. ' I Barnes, Georgia; Thomas YV. Sadler, Alabama; 