62 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. DRAPER. received; thought the Primaries were doing a creat work: realized it was & resnnnsikU .r Harriet R. Burnham, we have been disorgan- ized, but were reorganized September 11th, with Mrs. Catherine Smith, President; "Mrs. Marv Smith and Mrs. Hannah Rawlins, Coun that are placed in position Sfifc.J dq not fill their calling. The Lord will hold tuem responsible for the same: counsel,? children to" use good language and be strictly of this method of dealing with it. Justice to the living justice to the. rising generation, demands that it shall receive the condemnation which it de serves. it murdert and men and "women can not be justified in staining their hands even with iheir own blood or in taking their own lives. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints should set its seal-and condemna reprobation tion upon this dreadful act. instead of honoring them, who commit it by making their funerals dis tinguished, and treating them af though they were dead heroes or heroines, and making no distinction between them and those who have worn themselves out in the ' service of their God, let them be buried in secret and without display, and in ground far removed from the burial .places of those who have lived lives of honor and purity. y u- Mrs. honest. Kate Sanders, Ass't Secretary; Mrs. .Annie Brother Troup said he never felt better in a x Howard, Treasurer. meeting; thought the Spirit of theLord had Gosthe in well feel The sisters all seem to beenwifch the children; felt to bless them in' in with ahead and to renewedenergy their labors, encouraged the children-tgo pel keep keeniner the commandments of the Lord, and the "word of wisdom," and gave some good inYsaistiner the poor and needy,' in trying to advice. comfort those who feel bowed clown and need Brother Hinckley made some good and time-I- v ' m can the all and good remarks: counseled the children in they doing comfort, now house that small xneat and clean in their persons and make tKeir every way. We have a we can call our own, where we can", meet to homes so aUo, and to obey those placed over without hold our and sewing meetings gether thera, apd remember the good instructions they house. ward having to wait until we can get the had received asked the Xord to bless all the pelorp; Mrs. Annie Burnhara, Secretary; of : . o . tft-k- Juvenile Instructor Our school is held in that building, so that it has been rather inconvenient for us to have our meetings there. We always feel blessed in meeting together, and in talking one to another in regard to our duties as Latter-daSaints, and we feel to ask the L)rd to bless. His peo-- ; pie with such a sufficiency of itisJholy Spirit that they may be able to stand firm and stead fast to the truth of this Gospel, no matter wjjat we may be called to pass through, and that we may always ba found in the hue ot our 7 duty, is the prayer of, Your sister in the Gospel, Annie Burniiaii, Secretary. 'SEPTEMBER SEVENTH." For the last twelve years the above date has been one of interestto the loving friends'of Sister PreseqdiaL. Kimball.- It was celebrated at her quiet littleresidence in the: i6ih Ward .of this citythis month7by fifty or more of the sisters in Zion, as the seventy-sixt- h anniversary of Sister Presendia's birthday. An excellent picnic repast was partaken of, and greatly enjoyed, but the more special feature of the gathering was a formal meeting, presided oyer by the, lady herself, in" y - . ; whose honor the guests were assembled. Singing, prayer and remarks by each sister present (there were but two children and no gentlemen), interspersed by the reading and reciting of three original poems, two of which were composed for the occasion, constituted the exercises, which closed with a beautiful benediction by the honored and beloved hostess of the occasion; After the close of the meeting, Miss Cecelia Sharp recitjd, "Whistling in Heaven," which was highly appreciated. It is safe to say that thousands in Zion, who are not permitted, to extend greetings personally, will gladly join us in wishing Sister Presendia "many, many happy returns of x ' : .: the day." ; BANNOCK STAKE. The quarterly ennferenco of thePrimary Association of the Bannock Stake convened in the Rexburg hall, Aug. 20th, 188G at 1 p.m., Prest! Eila Hinckley presiding. On the stand were PreL Ella Hinckley,rCounselors Sarah A. Barnes, and Sarah E. Ricks and Secretary Lizzie Rigby also a majority of the Presidents and ofheers of the different places, and a num' ber of the brethren. After the opening exercises Prest. Ella Hinckley addressed the children aud officers upon the duties in the associations, and the care and training of the children, said they should be taught to.be polite, gentle, kind aud truthful, and they will grow up to be noble RELIEF SOCIETY NOTES. men and women, ornaments in the Kingdom of God aud in society; should be taught while and donations Indun are included Missionary young to attend to their prayers, and pav in charitable disbursments. their tithing; encouraged the children to go to Wheat is computed by bushels. iast meetings for there they could get testi monies; gave many instructions that sank deep Nothing is to be reported except under one or ether of the printed heads. iuu ine neuris oi um cnuureu ano an present. The Primary Star, a manuscript paper, was If Real Estate increases in value this increase read by Sarah E. Ricks; Recitation by faust bt shown in the receipts for the six months. Janie Holmau, entitled, Primary address; Presidents and secretaries are requested to atTrio by Mamie Conrad, Rhoda Donaldson and tach full name and address to reports. : Alice Graham; followed by a Recitation by Reports are hereafter to be sent to Dr. Romania Rhoda Donaldson, entitled, the ten virgins. B. Pratt. Office over Godbe and Pitts drug store, Salt Lake City, and they must be sent in promptly Song by Lilly and Sarah Bell; Question from the Bible, answered by Francis Rigby; Song by the 15th of September and if latter than the by Robert Archibald; Recitation by Wallace 20th of September they, cannot be used. Jacob; Song by Ida Stoddard; Bible question Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Sec. answered by " Silas Hinckley; Recitation by Romania li. Patt, Asst. Sec Rhoda Stoddard, after which the' minutes of "the different associations were read. Sister Sarah A. Barnes gave the children KS., Y. L. M. I. A. & i a. nEPOR'TS. great credit for their good order andpunctual-ity- ; I.' spoke on the necessity of prayer, and E. S. TEMPE, ARIZONA. uWdicnoo to tlos placed over them; advised the children tothiuk "what earnestly they are Our ward and society are alive to the interand for, hare in living anaim view, and that est of the Latter-dawork, and we are trying-l- o aim should be to be saved and exalted in the live up to the requirements thereof. There of KiDgdom God, of the blessings of the is much sickness among the little children this Lord to us as a spoke people, encouraged the season. Sister Delcena Babbitt lost her to press forward; asked the Lord tob.'ess lovely little daughter, one year-olon the 20th of all with wisdom' and knowledge that they August. to noble might grow men and women up E vex. praying for the welfare of Zion, I reE. Ricks sai.I she could feel the main, Lord was present; hoied bpiritof they J. D. Wilson. would retain the ool mstructions they had :. ftn(j those . . . , y -- chil-dre- d; clr,Sarah n children. .... Prest. Ella Hinckley spoke of the fair that is soon to come off. "Conference adjourned for three months, bingmg, "In our lot Deseret." Benediction by Brother Troup. " " EprTOR Woman's Ella Hinckley, Prest. Lizzie Rigby, Sec. Exponent: r Thinking the many readers of your valuable paper would like to hear what we are doing in the North Oneida Stake, we will send tht minutes of a quarterly conference of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. 1. A. held in Franklin, Aug. 15th. There were present of the. Stake Presidency, Prest. M. F. Cowley, Coun. F. C. Par kinsou,' Prest. Esther C. Parkinsonr Ruth A. Hatch. Coun. After the usual opening eiercises.the, following parts were rendered: Select Reading by Bro. Andrew S h u m w ay t from Elder f. M. Grant's missionary experience"; followed by Clara Goaslind who gave a synopsis of the life of. Queen Esther. Bro. S. B. Cutler reported the Franklin Association as doing well. Luella Parkinson recited, Whistling in Heaven. An Essay on obedience was read by Bro. David Williams of Franklin. The Y. L. Ansociatioo of Frankliu and the Y. M. Assocatioa. of Fair view were each reported as being in a flourishing condition. Coun. Ruth A. Hatch felt to encourage Mutual Improvement. A Recitation entitled, What I live for, was rendered by Bro. John Rankin. Brother. Bingham of Cliftont Stake Secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A. spoke on the first principles of the Gospel in a very able manner. Broi Datu aavi3ea tne young men to ODiain an loneru arcein Zion. Siuginjr. Benediction by F. 0. Parkinson. Afternoon session: After opening exercise! remarks were made by members of different associations who expressed a determination to remain faithful to the glorious work in which we'are engaged, a.n& aeiiHd to 'do all they could to aid Mutuat ItnprdveEoent. Acting Bishop S: R: Parkinson, lately arrested at Ogden bii the usual charge felt well in our midst expressed an earnest desire to remain faithful to all the principles of the Gospel; advised the people to be united and remember there are some among us not able to helpy themselvts, and no one should suffer for the necessaries of life. Parents should be interested in their children; educate them that they may become shining instruments in the Kingdom of God; asked an interest in the faith and praver3of the brethren and sisters in his be- - . half, that he might be true, to his God and to the covenants he had made, as he did not feel to make a shipwreck of what he had done. Prest. M. F. Cowley, wished to impress upon the raind3 of the joung people the importance ef the great work in which we are engaged. We live in a day that the apostles looked forward to, and desired to see. Spoke in re--- , 