WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ci are so beautifully arranged that no one need suffer. .Although fathers and brothers are imprisoned their, families are provided for and their children educated.. True we do not have many fine buildings with grand names written upon 'them, but our pt)or are kindly cared for at their homes. It takes a close observer to Latter-day- . , investigate the Jnsl.itutions of the Saints. A few Hying visits do not see them as they are, but they must Jive here to seenow our sisters work for them, to sustain them with' their means. Tit is those who have passed, through trying circumstances that can economize. I feel for the poor. Our people are t happy, if they could alone; but there bo needs must an opposite to all things; we do not fear, for we know God is on our side. We are thankful that we have so many faithful sisters, who can so .ably defend our rights and: the principles of ouritoly religion, : we naa a visit irom our otaKe rresuiency,; Bister Jane S. Richards, Sister Hattie Brown and Sister Emily ShurtlifF,' which made glad. 'The. comforting counsel they " gave the si.ster3 will long bar remembered. 'We feel to say "God bless them!' for we know they have passed tn ro u gum an y sorro ws. Our Society is in a good condition financial- ly, and we try to keep plenty of wheat on. hand, according, to counsel, in case of .want. . . x . l . r sisters r i nome vur rate " sustain manuiaeture urst pretty well with the work of their own bands. We desire to live according to the spirit of the times, so we can- be prepared for every emergency. We do not wisirto impose upon your time i. .. l .1. n l i . i.i.. out asis. vjrou 10 uiess unui givayou. ; audi wisdom, and those who labor with you, that luvnMt mnv rpiinh m,inv our' little nantr -i i j j hearts, is the constant prayer of, Your sisters in the Gospel of Christ, ElizaTA-.- ' Tiiacy, Pre st. ' Emma Bur hows, Sec. . - be-le- zi::i-.-- our-heart- . ; ' . . Their-persons- : ' i . -- . . '. 15 ; ANNO CK STAKFY. . The quarterly conference of the Y. L. M. I. Ar was held in Kexbug "Hall, the evening of August 21st, 1880. Oh thY stand were Prest. Bybee,Coun. May A. Ricks, Serref ta Pool, Andon. bv and the Secretary., Marv Alice j j . j also a number of the brethren. Conference opened by singing. Prayer was offered by Prest R-By bee. Singing. The j v S. reports irom thedifferent branches able, r favor: ; I Allll I il XT I I I r .l nnn fn ' mahc . ' - in their appearance and actions, also to use cood lanjruajre. Spoke in very strong terms against banged hair, said we want' our young girls to be elevating ana intelligent. When I see a girl wear bangs I think there is something lacking; she is too lightminded aud earnestly advised the young girls to attend to their meetings, if you do you will - make better girls, better wives, should be better mothers. Improvement reour aim. We should obey and spect those that are placed oyer. us. We; should prepare ourselves to meet the Savior for we canthen make no excuse, it will be too late, and don't talk about your brothers an.d sisters even if you think they do deserve iL . Brother Troup spoke a short time encourag ing the young to study good books and live so. they could discern right from wrong and good from evil, and live every day so you ffill not have to grieve over your past life. Exhorted the'. young to keep the "word oi'wisdom, ' come life or death. Coun. J. Morris spoke very encouragingly to the young men, and young women and gave them a key: Honor aiul obey thoe that are that were put i n ofiice pi aced-- o ver you r i al would magnify their calling, we would have better reports. juizzy ivooerts ana iizzy lliiroy oore a fetrong testimony to the i truth of t his work en couraged the girls to attend to their meetings. Pres. K. L. By bee in his remarks said you have heard some excellent advice aud counsel try.and remember it and put it in practicejypu should store your minds with useful knowledge, said there is too much ignorance among the . You should study and fit young-peopleyourselves for future usefulness, for you cannot be saved in ignorance. Conference ad journed fo r t h ree m o n ths. Ringing, "Ureal is the Lord." Benediction by H. Pool. Susie P. Lawson Prest. Mary A. Ricks Act. Prest. . Mary Alice Anderson, Act. Sec and lady-lik- e t " f-- . ,- - -- : ; " , eannock: stake. The quarterly conference of the Re lief Society was held in Rexbur2 Hall. Aug. 11th On the 'stand 18SG, Mrs. were Temperance Hinckley, Mrs. S. A. Mrs. E. Paul, Mrs.' A Rigby, and the Gunnel; S. A. Barnes. Alter Singing Secretary-Mrs- . and prayer and roll called minutes of the lant conference were read. and accepted. Rexburg Ward reported by President Ann : -- .. r should practice all, realized we were a ble:t people; exhorted the sisters to attend to their family and secret prayers, for prayer is the :. key to the Kingdom of heaven. Mrs. S. A. Barnes exhorted the mothers to spend more of their time in the .educating of theTFchiTd fen that God had blessed them with ."for the Lord wilt hold U3 responsible if WJ neglect the teaching of our children, for none can be saved or exalted in ignorance. We should all have an aim in view,rand work to " the same." . Paul Enima Mrs. encouraged all to pay their tithing and be ' blessed. Exhorted alUo be prayerful and humble, for if one principle is true all are true. We should all be true to our covenants, true to each other, and true to our God; thought we had heard some excellent advice and counsel, hoped we would put the same in practice in our daily life. Miss Ann Rigby bore a strong testimony b the truth of the work we are engaged in, atao gave spme excellent advice and counsel. Mrs. Martha Ward spoke very forcibly on different subjects; exhorted the mothers ti) look after, and take care of their daughters; asked the. Lord to bless all with a portion of his holy spirit. . ' Brother Troup thought we had had a first rate time, felt well; encouraged, the sisters to pre3 forward in the good work we are engaged -in. Closing remarks by May A. Ricks; Conference adjourned for three months. Singing, "Let Zion in her beauty riso." Benediction by Mrs. Lizzie Roberts. Mrs. Temperance Hinckley, Prest. Mrs. Sarah A. Barnes, Sec. , ; . Y. L. M. L A. FAIRr The Y. L. M. I. A. of Fillmore celebrated pioneer, day by holding a fair of useful and ornamental articles, the proceeds to be given to the Temple at Manti. Everything exhibited either for sale or decoration, was the work of .their own hands, many of the articles she vying great skill in tne use of the needle and. pencil as well as ability to manipulate the plastic wax into beautiful bouquets of. flowers and luscious looking fruits. Among the useful articles were several very pretty quilt's, one, an album quilt",' being very handsome, each young lady having worked a square or block, according to her own taste, and'also her own name, then forming an autograph album aud quilt combined, which brought into the exchequer twenty-twdollars and a half. A wreath of hair flowers, from the heads of the fair young workers, was brought in by the young people and presented to their President, Mrs. Delilah Olsen, as a mark of their appreciation of her 'uniform kindness and energy in assisting them to pro gress in all things pertaining;7 to their welfare, both spiritual and temnoral. The Primary children' contributed quite & lanre' number of articles, many of them showing great taste, and proving how well and carefully they are being instructed. One end of the large room v aa set apart for the display of their work, and the wall3 and table were very tastefully arranged by their President, Mre. Alice Collister. ' The fair will add about ninety dollars to the build ing fund in money and goods. All articles not sold were sent to Manti: amonsr- other tningi Rigby, Salem Ward by President M. Ward, Yard by President Butler, Teton Lyman Ward M. - Donaldson, Parker Ward by President P. Mason, Wilford Ward President Brower, Lawisville Ward, President lardine, Rigby Ward, President A. Robbins, Cleaveland Ward, President A. Browning, EagleRock, President M. J. Hawkley. President Hinckley, made some closing remarks. Singing "The Spirit of God like a fire i3 burning." Benediction by Coun. S. A. " God. r. Gunnel. Sarah A. Barnes was pleased to see so many Afternoon', session: After the, opening exof the young girls present; earnestly advised ercises Prest. Hinckley-addr4- cd the sisters" them to study the Church works, and "get a upon their duties in the Society, and the testimony for. themselves. .'We all have our training of children. Exhorted the mothers own salvation to work out; no one can work it to keep their children in at night and not let out for us. We cannot expect a salvation, or their daughters go to railroad iowus to work, to be exalted in the presence of our Heaventhought that, a cilico dress and a pure heart, ly Father without we live for.it. We should free from guile, was far preferable to the finest not be content to live in idleness, 'but we apparel obtained at the sacrifice of virtue and was twenty-fiv- e yards.of excellent carpet should have an aim in view and that should honor, and spoke in a 'forcible There was also a meeting in the school house, be to be exalted in our Fathers' presence; aud cleanliness of in the homes of the where speeches were made, and singing, recita what is there more lovely thau to see a young necessity Latter-da- y encouraged the sisters to tions, etc., were indulged' in, but the fair was lady that is noblevpure and good and trying lay up grain for a day of famine. .the great attractioa.; The weather tfas very to serve God. We should study and reflect', Coun. S. A. Gua'helsaid they had been hot, and a plentiful supply of ice cream waafor we can never be saved in )ur ignorance,' around and visited every place in the phItp prepared for the thirty visitors. The evening asked tne Lord to help lis do right."" there was room for improvement, bore closed with a ball in the Stake House, and alSerretta Pool gave the girls some excellent athought strong testimony to the truth of this work: together a most enjoyable day wa3 the result. advice, counseled the young girls to be neat Every M. A, Gkeeniialgil principle ofjhis Gospel is true; we ingly to the young ladies, and gave some .... li Ul v. Ltl bUV ui j ix i vv ii J their meetings .and secret prayers, and each get a testimony for herself; also to avoid jealousy and backbiting, or they could not retain the Spirit of God, be kind and' gentle toward each other, aud . avoid hurting each other's feelings unnecessarily. Asked the: Lord to bless all the young ladies' in Bannock Stake ivlv-- i tuv? wmmauuiut'Uls Ul uvj uijvua v1 - L ! o "by-Presid- ent - . : 