1. 131 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. , OH, THOU WHO DRY'ST TH E MOURN ER'S TEARS. J , Ok Tboo! who dry'it the mourner's tear. How dark this world would be, t ; If, when deceived arid wounded here, We could hot fly. to Thee! The friends who in the sunshine live, When winter comes are flown; And he who has but tears to give, ' Must weep those tears alone. : But thou wilt heal the broken heart, Which, like the plants Jhatjhow Their fragrance from the wounded part, Breathes sweetness out of woe. When joy no longer soothes or cheers, And even the hope that threw .. r A moment's sparkle o'er our tears, Ay, dimm'd and vanish'd too, Oh,. wha would bear fife's stormy doom, Did not thy Wing of Love Come brightly wafting through the gloom Our Peace-branfrom above? Then sorrow touch'd by Thee grws bright j With wore than rapture's ray; As darkness shows us worlds of light We never saw by day! - : rMdokE A DEAD ROSE. O Rose! who dares to name thee? No Unger roseate now.nor soft, nor sweet; -But pale, and hard, and drf, as stubble-whea- t, seven in a drawer Kept years thy titles shame thee. ' The breeze that used to blow thee Between the hedge-rothorns, and take a way An odor up the lane to last all day, If breathing now, unsweetened would forego thee. ? w , The sun that used to smite thee, And mix her glory in thy gorgeous urn, Ull beam appeared to bloom, and flower to burn, If shining now, with not a hue would light thee. ' ", The dew that used to wet thee. And, white first, grow incarmadined because It lay upon thee where the crimson was, If dropping aw," would darken where it met thee. The fly that lit upon thee, - , To stretch the tendrils of its tiny feet Along the leafs pure hedges after heat, If lighting bow, would coldly over-ru- n thee. , , , ' - i . . ' to-da- -- y, - to-da- " . . ; ... , The bee that once did sack thee And build thy perfumed ambers up his hive. And swoon in thee for joy, till scarce alive, If passing now, would Mndly over look thee. , . , The heart doth recognize thee. Alone, alone! The heart doth smell thee sweet, Doth view thee fair, doth judge thee most complete Perceiving all these changes that disguise thee.; Yes, and the heart doth owe thee More love, dead rose, than tojuch roses jiold As Julia wears at dances, smiling cold! i .Jllll Liestitf upon this heart which breaks below thee. Elizabeth - . .. ch .. to .do vour dutv. bravelv. keen Vourci,venant3'' and liveJ a pure lifeand our Father will Reward you by giving you a noble, husband, who will hot be afraid toC8erveHim, and will be worthy of the affection of pure, faithful women. The man who 'puts away his plural wives is more to be pitied than the wives (if they remain faithful), for by his cowardly act he will bring upon himself the condemnation of a just God, who hates and has forbidden the putting ; away of wives. If a man breaks his covenants and forfeits his plural wives, what about his first wife? Has ne not also forfeited her, and is she justified in the sight of God in living with him? He made the same covenants with his other wives, as he did with her, and is under the same obligations to them as he ia to, her. I feel proud of my sisters who went to prison rather! than betray, their trust,7 and think there are many more who. would do the same, if they were tried the same Many of the brethren have shown their integrity by going to prison, and have gained the admiration and love of all true Saints, who remember them daily in their prayers. 1 should think the wives of those noble men - would love and honor them more than ever, and would.strive to be faithful and true to them, that they might be worthy to be their dent was shedonnhat dreadful bccasron7 but companions for time and eternity. But if some of their wives are unfaithful, the Lord he has been preserved to bles3 this people and will give them others who are worthy, and will fill the place he now occupies. He is a living . them for all they have suffered. reward monument of God's power and mercy, and Let us, my sisters, be patient; the redemption : may God grant that he may continue to be forof Zion draweth nigh. Let us not murmur or many years. Who thinks it reasonable to ask, "Why was complain at the providences of God, but be Jesus Christ allowed to be crucified,if He was thankful that He has counted us. worthy to the Son of God?" Yet some people ask why the live upon the earth at this time, and given us the privilege of assisting to build up His kingJLord does not prevent His servants from going to prison,if He commanded them to practice dom and establish righteousness upon the earth, showing our faith by our works. Let plural marriage? It is just as necessaryrfor Jhereby U3 try to be humble, and say, "Father, not my God's chosen people y to be tried, persecuted and imprisoned for the Gospel's sake, as will, but Thine be done," and then strive to do it with all our might, and all, will be well with it was for Christ to be crucified, and all us. When Jehovah has accomplished His purChristains acknowledge that that was essential for.our salvation. Why? To test us, to see if poses in this crusade it will cease; the prison doors will be opened; the exiles will return; we are willing to sufferr for the Gospel's sake. will- - be reunited; righteous men will families It we are not willing, we are not worthy to be sit in the judgment seat, and Zion will arise called Saints. Jesus said, "He that is not and put on her beautiful garment, and the willing to lay down his life for my sake is not glory of the Lord will rest upon her. That worthy of me.? And again He said, 'Blessed this day may speedily come, is the daily prayer are ye when men shall . revile and persecute of A Plural Wife. .' you, and say all , manner of evil of you falsely for my name sake; rejoice and be exceeding" glad, for so persecuted they the MISCELLANEOUS. prophets who were before you." The persecution ; that we receive is an evidence and testimony to us that we are the peo- A Happy Home. "Six things," says Hamilchosen God has whom He of of. the ton, "are requisite to create a happy home.-Integrout ple must be the architect, and.tenderness world, therefore we are , hated and persecuted for our religion as no. other, people are persethe; upholsterer. It mu3t be warmed by affec"be but like we of would if the rest us" tion, and lighted with cheerfulness, and induscuted; would love and us U3 We alone. let they try must be the ventilator, renewing the dp xibt want their love nor anything they offer us. atmosphere, and bringing in fresh salubrity: no, not even the liberty they offer us: The day by day; while Over all, .as a. protecting liberty that the courts offer has to be bought glory and canopy, nothing will suffice except ' with too grea a price for Latter-da- y Saints to the blessing of G od. " ,:. . ' think of purchasing. They cannot afford to barter away their exaltation and endless lives Si?iPLicixv Expenditure. Simplicity! and become slaves by accepting the liberty of expenditure U important to peace and. that the caurts offer and a man who does so to happiness. Bythis is not meant mere retrench-- . escape a few months' imprisonment forfeits his mehtr but that wise and independent manner wives and his children and his exaltation." Betof spending that chooses comfort, health, eduter accept imprisonment for life with honor, cation, and real refinement, and refuses vanity, and gain endless lives, that accept liberty and self indulgence, and display. The spending of dishonor. When I read about the brethren money always involved choice and usually some who have made promises to the court, I wonder sacrifice. One thing must be given up for the how their wives feel to be cast off and deserted sake of another, and the-a- rt of selection is one those much life's which loved and how on of and their by trusted, they happiness depends. children feel. I brought it home to myself, Emerson well says, "Spend for your expense, and asked myself how I would feel under the and retrench the expense that is not yoursv circumstances. It made me fael sick at heart; We are sympathetic, and, like children, we it was terrible to think of, and, I was glad. to want everything we see,; But it is a large think of something, more - pleasant. .1 say; stride to independence when , a man, in the dis"God bless and comfort my sisters who have to covery of his proper talent, has sunk the necesendure this trial," and let me encourage you sity for false expenses." .' . , sade that is being waged against the Latterrday oainis, put ia confident that- - all. .will .be overruled for;the good of those who trust in Him and remain faithful. ;.'r .. ".'S.Those who enjoy the spirit. of the Gospel do not ask such questions as these:.. "Why do not ue uuinoriues orpine unurcn,come iortn ana give themselves up and stand the consequences like men? If plural marriage is of God why does He not protect His people from their ene- mies,una not Buner mem to De cast mtoprisonr inese questions are sometimes asked by those who profess to be Saints, bur I say they are only Saints in name, or they would understand tne reason, and would ' feel as all true Saints feel, anxious that our leading'- men should remain concealed, and their prayers would ascend daily to God that He would keep them v.-from their enemie- sv In the days of the Prophet Joseph Smith.he made arrangements to escape from his enemies, but some of the Saints of little faith accused him of cowardice, and he returned, knowing what the end would be that his life would be taken. Do we wish to see a similar tragedy? There are those who are thirsting for the blood who would repeat the' of our prophets crime committed at Carthage Jail, if tney had the chance. The blood of our beloved Presi- Barrett Browning. ity : , ? . THOUGHTS ON THE TIMES. We are living in very eventful days. Incidents are continually occurring that test people and show that-- : the "Gospel net" has , indeed gathered of every kind. We find that there are good, bad and indifferent individuals in our midst. AIL that is required is something to bring them out to show their true character. You can judge pretty correctly how much faith people have by their expressions, for. "out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." A person who has faith and confidence in God that He will fulfill;His p romises t0 flii t people, does v not 'speak in a doubtful, fearful "manner abou t the "outcome of this cru . . ;- 