WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 14 ..!.Jinnr walks of life. God ble33' all efforts for edura. . tion and for improvement and for the risino-n- o- peculiarly the teacher's mission and' oppo- was any law'of Congress making plural marriage rnn cf ?rn r trtn oil tr rtunity. . . t. J L. I hope there is no one here nortlo I believe Congress naa no, ugiu 10 micricrc, anaj cccausc there is, who imagines himself or herself per"Congress1 had not violently and without just cause or provocation abolished plural marriage which fectly educated,and that nothing remains to be acquired after leaving school. I remember she regards without reason as a great "monster" which should be killed." O consistency! thou hearing a child asked by its teacher the first one it ha J ever had where it had learned its art a jewel!" I am, affectionately, your sister in the Gospel. letters, as it happened to have mastered the :. alphabet at home. "I never did learn 'em," ". ! J. L. S. the little one replied, "I always knowed 'em," t . irtrl art t ft tirKJr-V- i " '- -: . f ' i- 'i.. i. i ..i L f ... , ,1 1 thenrto citizenship in that other and better, world. - A. GENTILE LETTER. . r ' ' .. : cnim s supposition inai ltneingthe be out of school! I have found learned could that some older children are imbued with the same idea. " The mind of man can never cease to learn. At school we only sharpen and make keen the weapons we are to use in the great warfare awaiting us; BuVif it were possible, any .time, for U3 to comprehend within the scope of our narrow intellectuality allhumau learning, we need not suppose that even then we shouI(L"know it We live in a progressive age- - ine all. but-ipresent eclipses in many things the past, is destined itself to be over s hid owed by the future. As we proceed, ''Alps on Alp3" will arise to greet us, and the summit of one attainment will only prove the point look out to heights still unsurmounted. Much of the science of y may be the recognized and precious truths now folly of unknown, despised, or covered with the dust of neglect, will yet be eagerly sought for and prized as becomes their worth. "Eye hath not seen, ear hath not heard, nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive"of the sublime possibilities locked up within the treasure house of times to come. The sun of education has scarcely more than dawned, even upon the wisest minds. The highest hill tops, are hut tipped with the golden splendors of its rising. What do we dwellers in ihe valley know? The Dear Avxt Mercy: -- uoj-mu- DESERET UNIVERSITY. CHANCELORt). F. WHITNEY. . Tne lion. Board of Regents, tlte Faculty ajid Students pi' the University. Ladies and Gentlemen ;I confess that I appear before you iu the role of a speech-make- r on this occasion with a great deal of reluctance. The task of addressing an audience like this is one so new and strange to me that I naturally shrink from the undertaking. I feel something likfc a boat loosed from its the winds moorings and left to and waves list to carry it. But while the experience of this occasion is entirely new to me, the subject upon which I suppose it isexpectedl should say something that of education is one that is near and dear to my heart. Not because I am a practical educator, or school teacher, for I am not; nor because of the office which your legislative representatives have done ine the honor to place upon me. But because I have; a deep and abiding interest in the great cause of human advancement, and desire to befriend any and all agencies having that as their object. . drift-where- ma on1 oiiiril ma o vn conin fc reft .: : .: constitutes greatness, opinions I shall ontent myself with citdefinition the given by the greatest Teacher ing the world has ever seen Hun who "spake as never man spake," before or since. Said lie: "Whosoever willbe great among you, let him be your minister, and whosoever will be chief amng you, let him be your servant." This, then, is the pathway to glory and success; to labor for the welfare of others. Greater is he, vUq serves, than he who is served and this ia Asto-wh- at may differ. -- t , 1 1 . 1 - nlu-ov- o " ' to-da- " . 'ill . . . . " i visit to your City, and so I suppose I must give it up as a bad job. As a matter of fact, however, my yisit among you has impressed previous notions about your people and be- beeveropen any the sunlight of knowledge. Never let I arn glad that I have had the opportunity of conceit or bigotry close the shutters and draw remaining for a while in bait Lake City, a3 the blinds.. I have, been enabled to use my own eyes and There is a brighter day 'dawning, also for ears to assist me in forming a judgment a3 to been has For our University. many days it what Morraouism really is, and what times and the the at narrows, parsing through kind of people the Mormons are. The clouds have frowned darkly overhead. But it Christian world liave made up their minds that will yet emerge out upon the broad ocean of are all abad lot, and sp that's the end of ' you prosperity, where a clear sky and smooth sailit. Having prejudged your case so emphaticsentifeel voice await it. but the I I that ing ally, it is no wonder that the press studiously ments of all who are here, and thousands more, conceal anything that may happen to be rewhen I wish the officers, teachers and students ported in your favor, and no wonder that they all, continued success, and long life to the vie with each other in bringing into promiUniversity of Dcseret. nence anything and everything that can possWEST'S ADDRESS. ibly be construed as derogatory to your religion, GOVERNOR and thereby pander to the popular prejudice. 21rv President, Gentlemen of the Board of The fact is that there is a great deal about the Regents and Ladies and Gentlemen: Mormon faith that is peculiar, and oppqsed to I came here this morning to witness these our modern notions of civilization, and which interesting exercises, not expecting to take any "without sufficient explanation is very apt to part whatever in them. 1 am satisfied, with mislead people generally into very wrong conor instance, the theocratic element you, that I have found much pleasure here and clusions, I tbiuk also much profit. Of course in this in your religion lays you open to the charge institution which is beginning its career of of disloyalty, and I suppose you ' will admit glory, I feel some pride to know that I am that you would all gladly hail' the of the theocracy of the olden time present on the occasion when it sends forth its first accredited graduates. I think it is a when God was wont to rule his people both in privilege which I will remember in long years temporal as well as in spiritual matters, and to come along with these young gentlemen who for the matter of that I venture to say that or have interested us with their beautiful well every sincere Christian, whether-Mormconsidered addressesthat I with thera will Gentile would rejoice at the advent of Hiffl, look back to this day as one of honor and one of whom it is said that thrones and principalithat I esteem highly. Now I would not have' ties and dominious are to be made subject to said a word here except for the very Him I would be very sorry -- to say or think flattering call that thi3 audience has made, and I hope that there was necessarily any disloyalty in inyou will excuse the stammering manner in' dulging in these glorious anticipations, but the' which I. speak. I hope that this insitution world, blind to spiritual things, is very apt to . will remain long and prosperon3 to educate the associate the expression of such feeutimenis this of Bend laudand them forth good with disloyalty, so it was oyer 1800 years ago. youth same citizens, and noble men and women; and point and human nature is pretty much ,th3 out lives fbr them that will hrino- hl0fl,;, now as it was then. Then again the doctrine ana honor, blessing also to thns With ulinm of Plural Marriage is one at which people hold Jhey associate, in all the private and publio up their hands in holy horror. My instincts -- ing age, who are growing gray in the ser vice to which they have devoted the best part of their lives; others, younger in years and ex perience, put activo and emcient workers in the tutelary harness; to these it would become me to say but little. I was a schoolboy under Dr. Park, as were also several members of the present Board of Regents. I prefer to address the burden of my remarks to another clas3 those who are pupils 8till,or teachers who have only just passed their novitiate, and are standing on the threshold of their professional careers. , ; is a future that If I say opening: up great before you, I say it not with the tongue of flattery, but with the solemn voice of friendship. Whether you become great to correspond with that future is auuther thing entirely, and depends largely upon the u?es to which you put the time allotted you, and the talents with which you are endowed. These may be many or few, but they are a sacred trust," a stewardship, for which an account must some day be rendered to the Almighty Giver. It is our duty to ourselves and" society to prepare for the respohsiblities which life imposes, and then discharge them faithfully and fearleihly as fast as they come before us. You who have attended to the first part of this requirement that of reparation have done well, thus far. It remains to be seen how you will perform the 880. not say that I am always pleased to get a letter from you and Mary Jane. At first I was thinking ot keeping all Mary Jane's " letter? in one batch and vours in another. lnf on looking it over I find your letters so mixed that it would be like parting the Siamese Twin3 to attempt to separate them, so I keep them together. I have been lust . " X .1 f . coumiusr tut? pai:ea, nuu x uuu mere are 02 solid nafrea of readinp-o matter, and aa T i o keep them about me I suppose they create a -sphere which instinctively makes me kick at anything which I may happen to read or hear against your people. You must not think be- cause I am silent about it that I fail to read all the special passages to which you and cousin direct my attention, whether in the Book of Mormon or in the Doctrine and Covenant?, but the, fact is that my mind is in just that particular mental state that ! cannot pronounce any definite opinion on them. I regret to say that so far failure has attended efforts in . the direction of putting my my i i r inougius in some reauaDie iorm, selling iona so-call- ed rf tlm educators of the nresent and the future. Some HkfAPA ' - 1 i I need ' t ver Chic ao o, January 25th windows to-adm- it -l- other-cottsideratr- iefTTrrrd-apartfrnm' air " - l , on - 