it A GOLDEN WEDDING DAY. Bro?attd Sister M. I. Home, on tht Fiftieth Anniver- -' saryof their weddinf day, 'Miy ipth, rSSd, with the sincere tongratultttions of the author, Mrs'i &eiity To Woodmarisee. , '' . - ;. ". "i1 the iarnuy ' -- - jl. 1 , . T -- - for a crust and shelter, knowing that these, if accorded at all, would be accorded most grudgingly. She would have known that if'tho parents were willing to kill, the fatted calf feast. The opinion of centuries would have borne oh her with such crushing weight as to cause her to hide .upon the approach of. her friends had they desired to approach. ,. truly we can is say it anoccasionTare. These, their chosen friends, have endured, and are numbered with the people-o- f God, and having thus the varied experience of years, none but Saints can feel for and talk1 to the inmost soul better than Fifty years of married glory , Tell their Interesting story; Hail ! ye wedded vet'rans hoary,. "U'ith such olive branches crowned; Loves delightful off" rings bringing", Children's tongues your praise are singing, Yea, like bursting buds upspringingfi Generations gather round, . . . - old-tim- e r i . reiuseu to meetitner. And of the men? , They ; would probably have been willing to meet horj but how few of them would have met with manly intentions of uplifting and upholding her? Not one out of fifty. The "great bulk of thefn'would have met her with tha intention of draccrinf? her . What a wond'rous retrospective, Food indeed for minds reflective; V What a host of souls tollettjve ' ' Lend their lustre to your name . '' ' Endless i glory from a kernel; Endless lives and power eternal; God's own precious gift, supernal, :The supremest wealth and fame. . these tried and proven ones. While wc mingle our spirits together on this enjoyable occasion, may we be reminded that it is a fac simile oi a, union, and a friendship which we hope to continue while eternity lasts.. r I will here say to the members of the famiJyf works be a4ie- may-the- ir to hold to - this earth s . embrace their parents xlear,as long as life shall be desirabld, and may their offspring each ' aspire to bo the noblest - a truthful statement of woman's position as compared with man's, JMan is an important tactor in the household, still lower. . -- -- the best. and, laud in language glowing This grand boon of heaven bestowing," Ever wid'ning, erer growing, Inexhaustible the theme; : : Could my simple strain befit it Time and space will not permit it, Time, and space prescribe a limit To the poet's loftiest dream. Bard3 might I will here present, to Sister M. I. Horne a gold thimble, with her name engraven, on this memorable occasion, as a momenta of friendship. : ;; , ' ' . - Dr. E: S. Back my wand'ring fancy glances, Tracing all the great advances Dimly seen by seers in trances, That our natural eyes behold. : ' FAULT-FINDIN- V. - You have witnessed such progression. That in spite of man's transgression, G. One of the greatest' faults connected with " ",' 3We are this people is that of, all too liberal in showing to the world the faults' and weaknesses of; our. fellow beings. Y;. Why do we .not stop and scan our own selves ana see , n an n wen u we nave not the misfortune to possess some little trifling faults, perhap3 unperceived by us, .still plainly visible, to others? laults that, however small they appear, will balance equally with the larger, and seemingly, more important fault 'in X our neighbor? We are but weak mortals, prone to do evil, to be guided by the splendor and hollow mockery of the outside world, to .etray from the path of rectitude, to forget Him from whom ail blessings flow; the hearer of our prayers, the one born of meekness and love, who died for the redemption of a world, that frail; erring man might live; live ;to multiply- in iuicuity,,to era33, a3 much? as possible, irom the niind the ? deeds of love "and kindness, of sown by the haud of that goone3 and .truth, Supreme. Being 4 who' Bacriflcsd: so much for" mortal man. "To err is" human;" bat can wo not repair- Him i n a d iffe'rent . way ? Can we not cease to 'complain of lhe faults' oftytheM,' to criticise our own liveianTadtioflshh'mbrff-scrutinyto wield an influence over our asso ciates worthy of imitation, an influence that only the good and "pure are capable ' of wield;: ing? Yes, I think so. J' Let U3 caase all such immoral habits, and form in our: minds resolves of reform; let ua place, in the distant future, a mark to guido us a3: we journey on through life, and with that mark in view, let U3 strew along our pathways deeds of love, of kindness and of truth, that we may thereby lay ..up- - treasures in heaven, wheid'moth cannot, corrupt, and. thieves, breaks Leads us all to this confession, VVonderful our age. and fate! Giant strides the world has taken, : "Narrow grooves are now forsaken, Sleepy souls must needs awaken, Or be counted put of date. . ; . : : , - . , .. and plans, by skeptics scouted, i.'Are established facts undoubted; f; Science every, foe has routed,. ... In this time. - Swiftly as with eagles.', pinions, To earth's uttermost dominions, Fly the messengers of mercy 'To the meek of every clirry:. ' " - ; Truth with error has;connicted, S"iinls have boen afHicled, fterce and firrious is the strife; ' n. : Haftttd o'Ii, and ;ri?hful ' '. ; : persecu'ted, 7 -- fronrhard'-earnec- r honreybprooted; have borne the brunt of battle v Nearly all your Wedded life. oii ; To the scornftil,' proud oppressor, Zion bows, yet heaven dojth bless hef; ' All the foes who now distress her";' " One by one will pass away. ' Banished be the sound of sadness,' 1 Dedicated unto gladness, : ; ' For the sakerof Ipve"an4 friendship r Is this "Golden Wedding . - - Day.' AN ADDRES3 TO. MR. AND MRS! HORNE. To writeat.a illness. , . or As the prophet bards predicted, N, Y.i of erysipelas, after a short inYpnkers, ' " '' timVedVotent'ithvenifnd' produce something that may charm, edify and amuse,! fancy would tax tha ability of the : - , through and". steal, f ?i Alpine April 30, 1885. .: Hyacinth. 1 ;': ","'' " ill, but:at the last accounts is getting better. Mrs. H. L.'T.r Wolcbtt gave a reception recently at ther Vendome to Mr. - and Mrs. ; , 4 Oft iUUVU "fault-finding.- You have seen what seers foretold. looked-fbr.Jonged-f- lO ii4 k V , Jomised to this lispensation, s Schemes IUO i Of. the. plan of full salvation . aUU.'W . she attempts to reform what has she to reform to? It is felt by herself and her friemh that she never had any independence to lose, and, therefore, she ha3 none' to regain.: Oar Coun- HELEN Y ILMANS. . try, New York. ' ' WiCWJ - i- Barney, In behalf of, several sisters. Salt Laks City, May 10th, 1886. ' i3 reioicincr when man is born: he b worth sacrific ing for; he is woith forgiving when he slips from the path -- of rectitude. But his sister is of less importance; she makes a misstep, and is losj; she is of no value to the State; she is not a ; money producing factor in the household; she 13 a dependent and adds to the family cares, and 'iU' re k :i - ii li. . In conclusion XU . " : This -- and-faUh-so-bls- . - : : . . .'' ; . . daughter there would have been no fatted Our . would be here. r. To mingle with such a throng " '7" bister-.-Horne- If the nrodieal son had " been a nrodisal -' ' - of Bro. and - DAUGHTERS. numbers are many, yet seores there afe.of their friends that are not able, from different circumstances, to be present, and we are reminded that some of those are their dearest friends, deprived of this Tight', through oppression's hand; were it not bo we doubt not that our beloved President, John- - Taylor, and - others Think of fifty years departed ' ince a? plighted mates ye started Coupled friends so happy hearted jland in hand life's wedded way ! All the" bird's their sShgTcomimngTed' X!Ali the bells of nature jingled, ; Earth with ieeming g'adness tingled; 1ll that joyous m'ontfi of May.: f'- NO CHANCE FOR PRODIGAL mo3t adept jcribo, but an effort sometimes has resulted in a great success.. We, have by invitation assembled upon this occasionto partici pate in one of the great events in the Jives of ; Joshee. j - " ; Frank H. Dyer was confirmed as United States IMarshal for the Territory of Utah in . no ' 1. iir.ii y asuiugtoii, xuay to. Two lady physicians of the M. E. Woman's Foreign Missionary Society, in Northern India, and one assistant, treated last year Z6tzoo patients. rMiss Jane Andrews gets praise in high Quarters for her latest book,. "Ten -- Boys who iived on the Road: from Long Ago to Now." Wfaittier says, "It is the best child's book I. -- . -- j drews.as the best teacher in the world. . Edhahc"D. "f Cheney, at the Annua! i Meeting- of the New Erigland Woman Suffrage - jAsociattou'said sh'o hanever Ke so deep- ly felt the deep injustice toward "woman of hot giving her a vcice as to' the legal and moral The ' latent con- safety of her own children.1 . . ...iT Al TiiJ viCLious 01 me uiuu auu woiueu vi iixvs mon wealth need to be aroused as to the importance of the suffrage question in relation to ithe weliaro or children, as well as on the Al.'-.- -- f'- Patents have bafn granted to women during the, week ending May 18th, 1886,. as follows: .Gracie S. Robert3, Rockville Centre, N. Y.,, - - -- Amanda E Stout, Lakewood N. J,, 6hoal der-brac- e. 1 ' 