WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 143 -- the upper regions of education, rising into the days one is certainly impressed with & of aiCca the prominence litef 'i$zz&i& Ust. or such missionaries of the highest train from the old norae. Alice and Phcebe left Woman of Influence, When we think of the ing as Mary Lyon in the past, or Alice Free 1 the childhood home and went to New York in .... .. c rn thousands of high schools and academies man in with these,how 1xoov anu iDegan tneir uterery lite in earnest, Compared . throughout the land in which, next graduationpetty seem the little struggles for position and papers all over the country "had already con maiden in some white will read an -day, etiquette!- - In what lingering childishness does tained fragments of poetry from their pens, 'on Genius "The of we the most exalted womanhood of Europe seem but the first novel- - written George Eliot," essay by Alice, entitled, well .with Jlufus Choate.'After a still to be involved when we read in the telesay all, may a Story of "Hager, appeared in the book is the only immortality." And surely "Great Cincinnati of Commercial in 1851-2- . graphic headings, After indignation Queen the reader is impressed with the way in -- Victoria," and find that thi3 excitement rethat the Cary sisters soon became which a woman's genius, even if not of lates, not to the tremendous Irish problem and writers,- and their home was the favorite rethe very' highest order, may retain its hold the threatenod dismemberment of her.empire, J sort of the literati. after her death, on seeing the late statements - jdoui sisters died in uui, io me nesitauon oi certain courts oi ioi,and are buried side of Mr. Routledge, the great publisher of Europe to accord to Prince Henry Something-or-othe- r, by side in Green wood Cemetery, N. Y. her latest the title of "His cheap books in England, as to the. continued A Mr. Alexander Swift, who had in early demand for MrsTrHeman's poetry. In the last Royal Highness!" T-- W. If., in Harper's life married a sister, Susan Cary, and after melodious the aud muse of Bazar. pure her death wedded! yet another sister, Almina generation this lady had great reputation; her American h Cary, started, a scheme a few years ago to editor was Professor Andrews Norton, father the old home on College Hill with all the of the present Professor Charles Eliot Norton, THE CARY FAMILY. rich and tasteful furniture which adorned the and one of the most cultivated critics of his New York home, and keep it eyer as a memo- THE POETSISTEES. day; and it appears from the late memoirs of rial place, lie bought the "Cary place" for Garrison that her verses were long thefaverite that purpose, but the furniture belonged to bi3 food of that strong and heroic mind. Yet .it No names are better known to the school daughter Alice, "Little Alice," who had marhas been the custom to speak of her popularity children of Cincinnati perhaps than the names ried a Mr Clymer. Mr. Clymer and ' his 4"rtU 1. J J.. as a thing of the past. Now comes Mr. Rout- -' J iin rKiiisKii Alice and Phoebe. Gary; .yet it may be that ' luiuvi-iiria- n i..:J uau a. in.iiiiiir ?nii,. sale3 his as the and of of ,,to do the children not realize the fact to give up the furniture, and has it with him figures ledge many gives the different poets in the yea ending June 12, that the two Sisters who wrote so much of the in Pensylvania, saving it for his children, ho : 1885. First comes Longfellow, with, the ex.. poetry read: and recited in the schools were says. , sale born of we then and 6,000 copies; drop grew up to girlhood right near Citraordinary Many persons from all over the , country, -to Scott, with 3,170; Shakespeare, 2,700; Byron, ncinnatiwithin three mile3, perhaps, of the especially from T New York,' visit the "Cary To these 2,380; Moore, 2,276; Burns, 2,250. city's present limits. The "brown house low place," and the verses of the' two gifted, succeeds Mrs. Hemans, with a sale of 1,900 and small" in which they were born is gone to daughters of Ohio are sung in the churches, copies; Milton falling short of her by 50, and . decay, and only a sunken.place.in the ground recited in the schools by old and young. no one else showing much more than RIf that marks the spot where it stood. The "fruitful In the College Hill Cary graveyard, not demand. Hood had 980 purchasers, Cowper apple and cherry trees which grew .so far away and also close to the pike, lies buried " -d close 500,-anothers all and 800, they nearly pushed ""their thrifty boughs Christopher Cary, the Grandfather, who was Keats but 40. Of course this is hardly an ap:, through the attic window and shook their born in Windsor. Ct., 1763; died in Cincinnati, fruit upon the mossy roof; the luxriant sweet proximate estimate of the comparative popuFebruary 6, 1837. There are buried there, these since much of would brier which grew beneath the window, too, severaL revolutionary soldiers; one,a-Hen- ry poets, larity depend, for instance, on the multiplicity or value of the small garden with its two straight rows of Deats, was a" soldier of 1776; died rival editions; but it proves in a general way currant bushes and bed of vegetables on either August 20, 1843, in the nineteenth year that Mrs. Hemans holds her own, in point of side, the rose bushes and thriving peach tree, age. Another, James Keniston, who served five years' active service in the war for freedom readers, fifty years after her death. What shading a row oi beehives, and its withered other form of influence for man or woman mate suu porting a fragrant hop vine" described the tombstone says. Many of the Carys sleep by Phoebe, are all gone; as is also the "path here, but the immediate relatives, except the equals this? which led to a. well of cool, Yet there may be other modes of action. of blue grandfather, have been removed to Spring: That of Florence Nightingale for instance, unfailing water."' The well is sXill there, but modestly vindicating a woman's foresight unused, and covered with rails and boards; E. &D. dulness and cedar bushe3 trees the and red of whole have a against tape grown up all War Department; and returning from the most around the well, as if to protect it. The old "ample, weather-beate- n PICKING OUT GOOD ORANGES. superb career of public service that ever barn, the woman had, with ruined health, but with such busy haunt of the restless, swallows and quiet, universal love and reverence from the Crimean comfortable doves, and in all seasons the To ven many an orancre is an orange, the g never-failinwould have been erected to resort for children," has left no only variation distinguishable beitfg in size army that a statue her by a penny subscription had she not retrace of itself. But the oak tree which, Phcebe and corresponding price, while those who fused it. That of Clara Barton or Dorothea said, "had been kindly spared from the forest know the difference betw'een "Florida," "SeDix, or Mary Livermore, or Jean Lander, or when the clearing was made for the house," in ville," and "Messina" oranges are considered Mother Brickerdyke, in our own civil war. 1814 or '15, still "throws its thick, cool shadexperts. The "Florida catechism" Jells m That of. many a worker in the Associated. ows over the road." better than that. We learn from it that there Alice Gary was born on the 26th day of are "over Charities of our large cities; or of those special thirty" varieties of sweet oranges, organizations which were almost always carried April, 1820. Her .sister, Phcebe, was born not to mention the "natural stock," which is on, thirty years ago,, under the official leaderSeptember 4, 1824. In early life their parents a larger and handsomer fruit than the sweet ship and treasurership of men, but which have were very poor and the sisters had to do their orange, and is excellent for orangeade and been steadily falling, more and more, during reading, studying and writing at night, after marmalade, but, being very sour is seldom that period, intoTthe hands of women. That the day s work was done. I he country was shipped North.-Th- e medium sizes are apt to of many a woman of society, so called, who, new, no railroads, telegraphs, telephones. be the choicest, and "probably the very sweet. n r. .1 VI i est orange that is marketed is the rusty coated recognizes in "society" itself a sphere for coniiDrarie3, to aid tnem. uut lew hooks and scientious duty -- 3oi that the tone of a whole - papers found 4 their way to them, and the and rather orange, which might be town or city may sometimes be said to be kept schools were poor, and generally only kept considered inferior by an amateur." Furtherwnen the the road mile up or let down according as tho leading "soto and more, "the way detect oranges is to 'heft winter, (a during them in your hands; pick out the thin skined ciety woman" is a person of character or a a quarter long) to the school house was rough doll. That of many a woman in some log land muddy. . This school-hous- e a little on heavy truit, and you are all rights The light ' lL .L li it rrk: i i u brick stood ntil w uu wuuae fe . a we wium building weight fruit is apt"to7 be juiceless7aonditionT ironuer, society cousists in a dozen children of her own ana perhaps yeara ago, and the sycamore tree which Alice caused either by a slight freezing while on the two or three more taken in from tree, or, more probably, by the poverty of the charity; the planted, near by, still grows. The Carys built a new dwelling house in soil in which it grew. and noteless, maintains , woman that average quality among our American peoAll this applies to the sweet oranges. The 1832, in which, as Alice said, "the faimily exple that can always be relied upon to send "kid glove" oranges are grown t in Florida pected to see the beginning of better times, from obsecurity a Lincoln or a Grant in time but saw nothing but trouble and sorrow," This from.two stocks brought, respectively, from of imminent need. Beyond all these, perhaps, house still standsand is occupied by Warren China and Tanglers. Hence they are called in total influence, ranks the great army of Cary, a brother a hale, kind man of fifty-nin- e Mandarin and Tangerine oranges. Both are women teachers, spreading their unseen and years, who ever seem3 willing and glad small; the skin is loose and easily removed, and daily labors through every school district from to show to visitors the places of interest made the sections fall apart so readily that a lady Cape Cod to the Golden Gate; smoothing the sacred by the verses of his two gifted sisters. can eat without soiling her gloves; hence the waste places, Another brother, Asa, the constant comname. equalizing all our civilization, doing the most for the poorest; and again, in panion and playmate of Phoebe in childhood Some other interesting bits of information Tn these - the-presen-t. To-day- ," well-know- n - : son-in-la- w, -- , fnr-nis- !,. -- 1 . . -- lessj-Shelley-h- ad of-hi- flag-ston- es . ill-looki- ... ,1 : who,-nameles- s ng s 