WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 74 dictment. The number of these counts Js not regulated by law, but is left to the arbitrary .disposition' of a grand Jury selected from the class in hostility to the defendants, and usually ject and pliant to the Will of an eX bi'ter and unscruputremely lous 'Prosecuting Attorney. The for the petit juries em pan-le- d ' trial of persons thus indicted, are also picked out for.their known antagon-- ism to the society to which the accused belong. And in" almost every instance they tind verdicts as requested by. the Prosecuting Attorney, oblivious of the exculpatory portions of the evidence. t TiirU' thtiu (.ilirlH nrt mlv for the trial of cases under .the Edmunds ! law, which permits "of challenges venire Mormons," but by trie open -- process strong am -- "Mormou'' are chosen to try "Mormons" accused of offenses not inrdnded In the fldmnnds act, and thus again is the Jaw perverted and prostituted to' work oppression and injustice. The Courts, as a rule, decideonijuestions of law and procedure as desired by the f )istrict Attorney and ignore the request of ...defendant's counsel for 4egai instructions to the trial Jury. Thus the victims marked for the sacrifice on the altar of hate, are, humanly speaking, entirely at the ui Luejr persecutors. meicy -- Another new step in the progress of this iniquity is the rule, recently enforced, of compelling persons charged with violations of the Edmunds act to rdr!ld (riiiltv fir Ikivu lln.ir f u m ir.c forced upon the witness stand-- , to be plied with shameful questions concerning the most private acts' and relations of their husbands and fathers. Children of tender 3 ears.are compelled taive evidei.ee on subjects unsuited to their immature minus, ami to the instruments of their parents' incarceration; Formerly, defendants were permitted to plead not guilty and then go upon tht-- ; stand and testify against themselves, declaring the facts and leavinirthe result with .he juiy and thecourt. By this means ;t condid' not scientious man who consider himself enilt.v- - of rrinu could explain ins position, - ana meet the issue without doing vio- I? t li ' lpriOP tfi rnnr'icliiin: VVUMVHVIIO. l.i, UIIC t.nri I'Wtr " i I De-co- me I if law the vyuld they but promise to obey the law, in future, as construed by the courts.. It would, have been easy to make the promise "and avoid imprisonment. 'But their regard for their word was such that thev would not make - a - promise which they did not intend to keep; so they accepted a loathsome prison and pecuniary loss in preference to the' appearance of falsehood. It may seem to those who do" not understand the situation thai the requirement of futurw obedience to the law is but reasonable and that every good citizen should make tb'.s agreement. But an explanation of the facts will speedily dissipate this conclusion. Ooedience to the law a- - construed by the courts, wourd be diflicult of comprehension if the numerous and diversedehnitions of the But according Jaw were" considered; to the latest rulings, a promise to obey the law s ignfties an agreement to violate the most solemn covenants of . marital Tidelitv that; mortals can make with each other and 'their God, : It means the utter repudiation of loving wives and the separation either of the father and some of his children or of the mother and her children. It is a promise not to visit, go to the saint-placof Worship or amusement, or recognize, associate with, or even call xmwhen sick or.dying, or when her child is sick or dying, the plural vrife who has been faituful in all things. It means dishonor, treaehery, cruelty and eowaidice.. It places, ot the law but a iiroti and wicked perversion" of the law, above the revealed will of God and the noblest promptings of the human heart. It is a promise that no Saint can make and true Latter-da- y that no humane being would demand. Thus the legal dillicu.lties thatsur-rouu- d the Saints are not so much the effects of a special aud partial at a feature of their religion as of the wicked and absurd constructions of that law and its improper and of . - j det-dxonl- s v the si'inrr. of scandal. Not. only has. Satan sent, forth his lies outside of our society, but heuses, nis luiiueno in tun .uuixniju among usThetendeucyin ouKsettleuuuts and cities to listen to and believe in" every wild and slanderous rumor which" may" be. put iu.circ.uiatjoiL.is.tobe 'deep'lv deplored. so matter how un founded and destitute of even the i.nidl.jtv. nf truth nrh fi'tinif j be, there are those amongus so silly " and credulous as to readily believe them. The injury that is thus wrought measured. .Many of the is not w n ich is fO n t in u ai ly be i ng. evils -f- easily fa we nave sui- rom which sent forth, the ru!ers of our nation art fcied have been greatly aggravated urged to adopt the most extreme bv this .disposition on the part measures against us. It ai'pears who call themselves Latter-da- y Saiats. vain to pomt to our works, to Tim man wiio frames a - lie ts-- a. show what we have done in reclaiming a sinner; but the one who loves this land from its original sterility, and great a lie after it is circulates who and lie, building up a grand commonwealth in told, is also under condemnation, thesf: mountains a commonAveilth Many stories go from mouth to mouth rich in ail the elements of greatness, i concerning the truth oi .'w.hicli.those ot ; wj i t - rwdlVjTFpeattTieTiT iiowTi othrnrrr-iJ- ttt ed f ree f ! om righttf-lr- a peace and union prevailing to an unit. seems as the constant repeail these tition ol "a though many paralleled extent througaout falsehood Saints people although it wereimpresses mountains where Latter-da- y a fact. Where reside. It is in vain that we point to Latter-daare found our frutfuiity, oar temperance, our telling thatSaints, which is untrue,, they comparative freedom from ciiiac, and should be called to an account. It is the peace and good order which exist writ'eu that whosoever loveta and wherever ive are in the majority. AH maketha lie shall not .be permitted to these evidences of thrift and virtue go enter into the.lloly City, nor to have a for nothing, aud the "National Legislaof life, but they are to to ture feels that it is under the .necessity right be without, with dogs, sorcerers, of devising schemes tcrtake awarf :oin murderers and idolaus the rights we', have inherited, and whoremongers, The Lord ters. .aid, "He that which belong to uTas a free people, and teileth lies shall not tarry in my sight.' to bring us into oonduge to those who Latter-da- y be warned shouid Saints malign us, aud who would take delight upoiv ttiese points, that they may not, in destroy ing us. grieve the Spirit of the Lord, nor do EFFORTS TO PROCURE I'RUSCKlFTI VE injury to their friends and neighbors, bv indulging iu this pernicious habit of LEGJSLAlTOX. , to repeating and attaching credence Every effort possible was made dur- even- slaudergind false rumor that may . ing this Jast session of Coogiess to be put in c'Hculatiou. Iiut every aue secure legislation of the most proscrip should be caref ul, when they hear .a tivc and .sweeping character .against tne story about their brethren and sisters, Latter-da- y Saints. .N'ct only was it t fmin re n!l t tlL' it Uhtjl tfiej the desigu ;o reach persons who beto be true, and then not to f.o it know lieved in aud practiced piurai marriage, so in a way to injure the person about our but our enemies went so far as to prowhom it is told. The reputation of our of of the annihilation every neighbors and the numbers pose complete political right belonging to those who Courch should be as dear to us as our were free from the cuargti of polyg own, and we should" carefully avoid amy, and whose only crime was tnat doing anyihing to another or sajnii, they werermembers "of the Church of anything about auother. that we woutu-noJesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. wish done or said about ourseives. Congress adjourned acting We testify that those whd give vvay to upon this Already we bear this- influence,' who tak,e....delight the notes of preparation lor a renewal reading lies which are PuWl-of thtt campaign against-- us. Filled about us in circuiaiui papers with aner at ineir non success at the in our midst or ouisiue o. vL-2"-.,last session, our opponents are pre" ....i,.,m in lit(njn' to Uie for the onslaught at the coming .false and... maUcJousreprescum paring s e S si oil o f f To h g res s , a nd w e a re threat;-ene- d which are made concerning the serv with vengeance of the mqst ants and people of God or His woriv.or am dreadful description. who themselves gossip about and io But in this. a in all other circumin the dissemination of these things stances and conditions, our trust is in the wilL.uaie-th- ey ;njury of their fellows, tne sp n t o i God. This i? His work. He has thus speedily wpent, loe far taken care of it and preserved it, .....LnriiL'('rn between and has delivered us from the many and bet ween those truth and falsehood, . antr-tho-- who. stn aaiut-jis. mtrl whoserve (iu It has progressed, thus far only by Ilim not. Their own minds vv M ut ilss powr, and not by the power of come so. oaiKeneu oy .. w man. Wuatever glory God of there is confalsehood that the Spirit nected with the establishment and cease to have power with them and progre-- s of this great work is due flee from them. Him. Man's wisdom, educaAND RECREATION tion, shrewdness, wealth aud ability m r i vti have THTt been the factors that have whicirsome who sins into the produced success; but it has been the Among idcssihg, the power, and the overrulare called Saints have been hetrayea and over indjinco. ing providence of our God. We have Sabbath-breakin- g had to trust Him in fche past In the in useless pleasure. "The midst, of unnumbered foes; we 'must was made for man, and not manioi trust Ilim in the future against the ter the Sabbath." But it is the Lord s aaj . -- m-iv- mt 1st-hoo- . j j so-calle- d, . i t wi-hou- , -- ,.-t.- ,. Wo7iupper of God or Dagon, Come je to tairireedom'e fe;ift. e nons f flouht and wonder 31o.-lev. reek and Jew, your shaekles nur.-- t asunder ; Freedom's banner, waves you." fr THK REFUGE. OF ''LIES. Probably at no period in the world's history has Satan had such power over the hearts of the children of men as he appear to wield at the present. 'fie has Hooded the earth with lies, endeavoring by means of these deceptions to retard the work of God, to destroy its influence, and to make victims of its believers, especially those who have the authority to administer the ordinances of the Gospel. A more striking illustration of his power in this respect has not been furnished us thau was witnessed at the meetings which were attended by some of the members of the Grand Army of the ace-om-- i . - - . : " y Indian, ATI j ." .. Come : ha-f- i : - j the-tre- se-ven- ty do n 6 1 kno w " t questions concerning matters of which they were not cognizant, have been insulted aud abused and branded w ith perjury. All evidence they disclose which suits him he uses as undeniable truth before u commissioner- or a jury, but everything elicited from the same witnesses tiuir, dn rt unit hIl2 ttr pose he euounces as perjury. And he has the hardihood to ciaim that this crime is taught aud encouraged by the "Mormon" Church. The refutation of this atrocious calumny a found in the standards of Church doctriue, and in the fact that the brethren who are now lingering in prison ior (hciimngto repudiate their wives, have been sent there, in nearly every 'instance, through thejr own testimony or the testimony of their families. And it is well known that every One of them could have escaped the penalties i. - ; 1 j y. " 1 Will 11 ... - w h e ha us weii n'g other-direction- . . ever fought against it. Who is there "that has prospered iu .his warfare against Ziou? Who can point to the laurels 'which have been won. in fighting the work of God What man. or what ua- tiou has gained credit and' glory in the earth for successes achieved over the Saints? We have eeen feeble Latter-da- y generation after generation of our ob-- j posers pass, one after another, iota. cold oblivion. , - They "have strutted their brief hour upon the stage, ap- pearing to think that they "were pushing wonders. But they have passed av'ay, and the memory of their lives in our historicalarch- j ives. io it will r be with those - who now occupy so large a portion of pxrb-- r lie attention as crusaders against the Saints, aud Who imagine themselves to be such". doughty heroes.' ed - It,.!-!,,,....-..- i o one-sid- -) liiusu ti uw iiui uainsu ijui the j share fate of .all who have r-- le -- . go-t- . ;ross-examin:uio- I .. rible adds that are pitted Lgainst His work ami His Gospel. We kijow, and can boldly testify to the Latter-da- y Saints, and to the whole world, that the Lord hath founded-Z ion, and that tin imiver betieMth the (!diut!oi ki.. it. dom can prevail against I 4 rl .Kn I 1 to-da- ! y e y 1 -- - by malice, inspired by Satan and intended to crush out a s stem Of religion which caimot Tr uth , rea.son and the "agencies of e lightened humanity. RETALIATION "DEPRECATED. ' consolation is now denied by the maleBefore leaving this uninviting subvolent .liistrict Attorney. The unfortunate defendant must do violence to ject we desire to say to the Latter-dasome extent to his conscience by Saints, that though we are suffering so acutely from the inhumanity of our felpleadingguilty, or suffer the anguish low men, we must not descend in the of witnessing the tortures of his wives to acts thai; would ..a n d c fi i J dre aw h ct to the legal feljght&t degree i r fetal of save ition rack of a brutal iu ,of la th e k ast e e k which no" regard is shown for a wife's to curtail any man in his individual-rightWe wish it 'fully understood affection or a daughter's love, the sen aud by all the world Saints sitive shrinking of a virtuous woman by;the that we have a profound respect from exposure of her marital associations, or a child's teailui aversion to for all .wholesome' and constithe firm and disclosing the secrets of home for the tutional laws. We are of law "and conviction of a lather. Such proceedunequivocal advocates ings prove that the object is not the order, and of every principle associatvindication of the- Jaw but the. ed with human freedom, and though we of - human suffering, regard the Edmunds Act, in its provipromotion sions and its administration, as es, pout providing the victims are mem bers - of the Mormon" Church. facto, cruel, oppressive and unconstithis malevo- - tutional, yet we are not contending Many of the objects-o- f w leucje are; aged men ho have passed against it in our ow n interest alone, the allotted three score years and ten, but we are also fighting the oattle ol who have contracted no new marital civil anel reigious liberty, and of freeobligations, but are engaged in 'cariug dom of conscience in inbehalf of our the interest conimoniiiimanitv and for tueir families as honor and right of every people. We feel assured that, eousuess dictate. The Hearties with which' such defendants are as the founding ot these Uuited States of hupursued is also evidence that the formed an epoch in the history ours will of man so action this sut the" liberty, objitis not the public bent fitmembers tenthe in due have restraining weight wrtaking ofvengtance upon . of a Church. dency to intolerance and oppression Another indignity which has been that uprears its head to stay . the Latter-daythe progress of human freedom. We heads of heaped upon Saints is the chargv of perjury which say, as" Eloer Farley 1J. Pratt very the reckless District Attoruev. has' forcibly expresses it in one of his. poetical effusions: publicly but not hgallymade. Wit ,nesses vvahd have been cofnpelled to "Come ye Christian ports, and Pagan, i.! .....4..rt t i.wt f 1' h ri Tnt tn..i. Pope and Protest ant and Priest, 11 : bi-e- -- law-aime- d j u -- -- Republic who were passing through here. It would be incredible to believe that people could be so deceived by the '".false statements which were made to them, by our enemies who witnessed. reside here, had knot abominable falsehoods, The mo-- t which could l,e disproved- with the greatest ease, were told with an that was.Satanic; and though many of the visitors had opportunities ol seeing for themselves, and of mingling with the pedple, some went' away f ully imbued with, the idea" Saints ought to be that the Latter-daexterminated from the face of the earth. But to the credit of humanity be it sakl, others became thoroughly disgusted with the proceedings,.and denounced unsparingjy IheUoily and wrong of condemning a people affording so many evidences of the qualities make excellentcitizens.from that statements' of their the . avowed enemies. class is an of the former The course ill ustration of the malignant power of falsehood- wielded by Satan in and places. If lies could, overwhelm the work of God, we should be ''completely crushed under itheir weight. It is "this great influence upon widen Sitau depends to .thwart the purposes of God ami check the spread of truth; and, unfortunately for the in world, it appears wiliing to drink his spirit and to believe his fabrications. It is this that arouses mobs and causes theni to iud ulge in acts of vio. fence and hostility against unoffendining servants of God, and that has i:mo-cof blood shed tne to them' cited men. in the most cruel and barbarous manner. By means of t'.is incessant stream of ioi-MckJiave-l3t'!i.4 se en-Urely- -to SABBATH-BREAKIN- 1- - i . G ... . - 