The Rights of the V0L. 14. Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE, CITY, UTAH, APRIL 15, 1SS0. PASSING THOUGHTS. ROTUNDA" jHow broad and high and deep the mighty theme, Where past and present and the future gleam Jn one rait glorious, panoramic view.- .- . - ... yShow ing the artist's skill sublime and true. but the task to point to each grand scene, Of what has been,' is being, and will be, I ween, Unless Jehovah's word is null and vpid, And prophets, Saints and Christ In vain havt died. Venus, is aout droppinginto Til waters an electric cable, which has been hand- eu ner oy a cnerut). iris and Sciences, the sixth and last,, is, re-- ; Following are some extracts from a, letter written by Mrs. E.'B. Wells, April 0, 1886, on presented by Minerva, the Goddess of Wisdom, V surrounded by figures. Franklin, the philosoreceiving the news of the birth of a granddaughter. The entertaining description ofthe pher, Fulton, the inventor of the steamboat, Morse, of the magnetic telegraph, and the places named will no doubt prove acceptable to our readers: figures of children, indicating teaching. Now tell me, is not this a propitious place in which Allow me to offer my most sincere congratulato receive the raessag; of a now birth! tions upon this auspicious occasion the birth Besides, on the very day that she was born through, the royal lineage of the new and everat nine o'clock in the morning, I walked intQj lasting covenant of one of the daughters of the White Houseor more properly called the Eve, and let us hope that she hasj come like a v liAt i;u li ti jti juisiun. nun hl sweet flower of the spring to bring-joy'a! . t i .Li.!. it. l?linrnrr yvnora in iiiiTRiiiinrr lnrn inn pnirnnpn ' fragrance to the household. we sat about an hour and a quarter waiting The news of her advent came to me in the our turn to to the President of the Rotunda of the Capitol, as I was on my way United States.speak Shortly after twelve o'clock to. the ..Marble .Room of the Senate. The meswe presented to him our credentials and the sage conveying "the glad tidings of great joy" Memorial of the women of Utah Territory, was handed ma by a member of and had an onDortunitv of statin? 10 him noma Congress, the Delegate from Utah, and must, of - course, iacLS ana incidents to the abuses ana have; been an official announcement.. You outrages perpetratedrelating in the name of law. know what a magnificent nlace the Rotunda is. combined arc not incidents all these if Now, and the news coming to the grandmother there ominous of some special goodness or greatougnt to augur good for the newly born daughness in the mission on earth of the little ter of the house.. To describe this erand place woman just ushered into life and being, I shall would take too much time, butsuflfrce it to say. give prognosticating and speculating upon it is 180 feet hierh to the canoDV. and 96 feet such up matters. in diameter. The sides are divided into eieht "March first was the anniversary t f my bap- with fnrkv-fnii- r Roman massive t.5am panels, vpars hpfnrft. and T , went tn - . pilasters support v j an -- historical -ornamented with entablature wreaths over walkcl the. and Kirtland ing of olive.--Th- e pain tines on the walls are also ground and .through the Kirtland Temple, eigntm number, all historical. The first re which, though desecrated now by the teaching the second and preaching of false doctrines. Is sttlf dear presents theJanding-of-Columbu- s, the discovery of the Mississippi, the third the to the Latter day Saints on account, of what Kr2n cirrrl ri1Ia rlolil lioa f ninorM w&t wifViir Baptism of Pocahontas, the fourth the Embarkation of the Pilgrims, the fifth the Declara cntt'd as they were to the Most High God. tion of Independence,. the sixth the Surrender All those places where 7 1 lie Saints have lived of Burgoyne at Saratoga, the seventh the Sur- - and worshiped, and toiled and sufFered, are renUer of Coruwalhs at Yorktown. the eitrhth dear to those who have shared or are sharing General Washington at Annapolis. The apex similar, trials and difficulties. There is, of of the canopy represents an apotheosis of course, this difference tuimo about Kirtlaml Washington with Freedom on his rich t hand And Nauvoo, though both are interesting mid aua Victory on his left. Here also are thirteen both historical, that Nauvoo, with its scenes of jemaU figures, representing the original States sufferings, trials and sorrows u engraven into ana tneir products, and supporting a scroll on my very life, while Kirtlaud cannot become so which is inscribed E Pluribus Unum. On the much a part of my very existence. I drank e ri k. outer margin are six groups allegorical of the in us inueni as KMH5iuiu li. iiuiu. peciumr QiiuntiuiMJi Revolution, viz., The Fall of 'Tyranny. Agri Joseph in the Whitney house in Kirtland, culture Mechanics, Commerce, Marine, Arts where he received so many testimonies direct and Sciences. where he was almost and froiVa divine source, The Fall of Tyranny is represented by an daily in communication wjkh the Lord. InEagle battling with Tyranny and Priestcraft, deed, I have often heard Uishop Whitney say a mailed soldier vainly struggling to uphold that when he would ask. the Prophet questions the er.min.ed robe of royalty. Discord stands he did not feel competent to answer, he would often reply, 'Bro. Whitney, I will go ftnd ask by, also Anger and Revenge, with incendiary torch. . the Lord ".and soon after, in a day or two, or Agriculture is represented by, Ceres with sometimes the Bame day, he would say, "I have cornucopia. America wearing a red cap of inquired of the Lord concerning that matter, Liberty is turning over to Ceres the mastery of and have received the answer." As you are J1 Paltpt0l8ttechedii.TeaperFiora i3 well aware, I am much attached torplacespand gatherTngfflowers and Pomona bears a basket certainly a house where a prophet of God had of fruit. li'veoT .'and received communications from on Mechanics represents Vulcan resting his high, possesses an interest to an ardent believer, right foot upon a cannon, and the various in- far above the palaces which have only archi- struments of his art are around him. tecture and adornments to recommend them. ; Commerce is represented by Mercury holdSo that the little chamber in Kirtland, deserted nrl riporlApr.pri had a charm for me that con ing a bag of gold and directing attention to it. The figure thus called is, Robert Morris, the verted it, for the time being, into a fit place financier ed the Revolution; there is Merchanfor "the wise men of the west," who sat there dise with men at work, and two sailors pointin council and who knelt there in prayer. O ing to a gunboat. indeed, "it wa? good to be there,"- knowing Marine i portrayed by Neptune in his car what I knew of what had formerly transpired ... bearing hi trident, accompanied by U attend-- 1 rfithifl those walk. f .. was, but the vion o ants, emerging from tht deep, Auiphrodite,. J saw not that . . The work completed and a'day of rest Appointed still unto jnan of all most blest; hd ' When he will keep its TholyTawsliompIete, He will have light to guide his wandering feet. Now let us gaze upon that Eden fair, That Eden pure with fruits most choice and rare, Adam and Eve untouched with deadly sin. re the vile tempter there had entered in. Ohl what a picture for the weary now, Who 'neath the tyrant's rod in anguish bow; Whose longing eyes now, look for peace in vain, For one bright spot free from sin's darkening stain. . . But lo, the picture changed, the serpent's trail Has' marred each lovely scene, and sorrow's wail Comes close upon the broken law; si a enters in, Aye, to remain, unless a greater win. The years roll on? another scene behold. Where man has widely wandered from the fold; God has repented J lis creation now, . And breathed a just and an unchanging vow. To sweep him from the earth, all save a few Noah and his, who still were pure and true. in vain naa ixoan. wainea tne aying worm They heeded not 'til heaven's darts were hurled ; In anger down, and floods rose high and wide, The swelling rivers meeting ocean tide;-One funeral dirge the wild winds sadly played, When the fleeting breath of a whole world was stayed While sadly rested on the silent wave The ark of him who tried in vain to save; And he in time goes forth to build again, Dwellings for man upon the mount and plain. . -- Nations arise and fall at God's command Egypt has felt the power of His right hand, Stretched forth to set His bleeding captives free. And mourns great Pharaoh's hosts beneath the sea. dear, . . j; ne auau.v come again anat setr' ins captives tree. Z . - Then chains and dungeons shall your portion be. List to the words of that deep ''still small voice," That makes the devils tremble and the Saints rejoice; Study the glorious plan; then, if ye dare, Go on, He will His mighty arm make bare. . We trust the Shepherd's voice we know so well, And scorn the offer Him again to sell; " Though life and liberty the tempter be, We'll wear the chains until He set us free. -- HorE. . ; Time's onward course displays each changing scenet And Bethlehem's Star lights all with its bright gleam; The Babe whose birthplace was a manger low, Yet Lord of lords and King of all below. city, March 2" -- iHVHit-MinrTri- nri -- Ma THE . First on the view a new born world appears, To take its place amid revolving spheres-Re- sult of council of the gods above, A plan of wisdom, majesty and love. . 7 . "Mine But yet ye slw Him and His prophets Ye hosts of Satan! but the time is near No. 22. . ; - 