WOMAN'S EXPONENT. miph . tiiatihealJermcn are i)laced on the eerier al Jit. Thus ii ) Gentile ward eau elect a member of the city council. Gentile " Withdraw this "mighty pjwernin elections an very wou couu iy QM z,OUluemale .:.vo t. . 1. . - fit i i . when the city and county officials are! American citizens, not alien theorists. It is urged that the ballot of the Gentile women is as potent as that of t.hArAf(rmon womenr The ren ters of Gen t i e re p resen tat ion 1 a re t he mining 1 (.! uey, tuau womau bu urage in U tah only rnjjans womanV sufTering' which has led any true woman to advocate its sustentation. bv Tti .franMii.jA-vrinferrf'- J a thpncmnu- , . I cised under its dominance, made to conserve its power, to perpetuate polygamous life, and to clothe lawlessness with authority, is not the franchiso of a Christian republic- - Lei the act be repealed in the grant of a legislative cimmission, otherwise in the passage of 7 of the Ed mundbil I , fo r righteousness" sake, for humanity's sake, and in defense of 1 periy ua-diioeny protecieu uy iaw, mo vmy F. Axoie Mrs. the flag. NewjuV. l 15 isnop Tl-- . Ct 1. VV TV - d districts. Most ot, the miners are unmarried men, or, men who have left their famijfosjjU the East. The vote of the Mormon women nullifies Gentile political power in these districts. 'Gentile worsen rarely vote in any part of the Territory First, because their" ballot signifies is labor lost. Second,' the ocreneral nothim?: o it exercise of the ballot in tho Territory is such a travesty upon all that is sacred to woman 2. S. Mis. 122- that Christian motherhood refuses to be cm- promised br recognition of the nefarious schemeWhere, then,, is the arrniment . 0 0 the passage of section .7 ofth pending Edmunds bill? In the adverse sentiment of the A Full &nd 'Jomplotd Stock ot advocates of universal suffrage in the States? MILLINERY. ; The sentiment ff pvpti fhijt rfnjix nf women is not altogether adverse. "The. WoGoods man's Home 'Missionary Societv" of tho Me-- " AND LADIES DRESS TRIMMINGS. thodist Episcopal Church, of which Mrs. Rutherford B. Hayes is the president, with : I 3r CALL AND EXAMINE. such ladies a? Mrs. Governor Foraker, of Ohio, Mrs. Bishops Walden, Warren, Wiley, 6c CO., TDrVITD and Andrews, and many other3 of recosnized ability and social power, members of its execu- - TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS uvc guujxinuee, atjia iiaiiouai session m vcw, Agrentiror RUMSEVS celebrated LIFTand FORCE 1883, passed, without a dissenting voice, the PUAIP. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders iron relolution: the country promptly responded to. following riiiitn. DITID jiUl. Bjx 3Ct SiLT LAI I ClTt. Resolved, That a committee be appointed to confer with . and Geutild repre5eucative. cliOc5ea...ior .uie imiuv"- legislature, xui-- wouiu.ui;ofuio such representa- suit in Ogden. Is the need lion commensurate with the cdsL' Juuge ye. TTnrW thrt Utah statutes uo sexual crime is punishable save "rape," which law, was Chastity has no ly framed for the Gentilesprotection. The Mormon legislature, sitting eince the organization .01,1113 lerruory, no never iranieii a ataiuie ioucuiuK luct, ovwm save once. tion, adultery, bigamy, or polygamy, That was inadvertently aoue lurougu a nasty ana it wa3 re adoption'.'of th(Jaliforma code, ... pealed at tne pexi fctsiuu. The legislature of the past winter convener! during the excitement of the Hampton conspirThis conspiracy vas a carefully acy Mormon plot "to blacken the character of Gentile residents; to arrest and puuiah victims u nder 'assumed municipal (Mormon) au of thu dastardly thority. For the execution were imported, at Moroutrage, lewd women mon expense;, tijeir rooms fuihished by the AWmnna nnd flrranired so that wituesses could be secreted: Scores of letters were addressed to Gentiles, inviting them to call on. important business. The iiameof two hundred Gentiles the civil and religious authorities at Salt Lake Citv. and were put upon the "black list." The scheme Zane that make careful investigation of the relation of the ballot in ruling Avas thwarted by. Judge ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1868.: no had the hands of the women of Utah to Territorial legislation, jurisdiction. municipal courts demanded-Territoriato thus intensified, Congressional Public sentiment, representation al the national capital, and, ' inmember Genlile. above to its power to perpetuate th? religious bondage laws. The one all, r and domestic should any.viola-towhich and if punish slavery of the women troduced a bill they shall find the facts to warrant, they "shall tfraft peti Mormon or Gentile. rTlie. legislature. scarceof odium repudiation. tions to be circulated for signatures, which" shall be pre ly wished to incur the insented to the Congressional committee at Washington, ask o They attempted to defeat the measure by for the disfranchisement of the women of Utah, or for ing substitute whjch puna troducing disgraceful wno should debauch un- - a radical change of the whole form of government. ished "unmarried CITY, Utah, tn Aman In. pursuance of the resolution, the followino IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF A bill passed both houses, which amended committee was appointed: Rev. T. C. IlifF. suthe Ogden charter by delegating power to perintendent of Methodist missions in TTtflh- the municipality to punish sexual crimes tin- -' J udge Boreman of the Lalt "Lake bar; Mrs. Groceries Dry Goods, Paddock of Salt Lake, author of many books; toiichtd by general statute. This was the ini tial step towards granting to all incorporated and Mra. Angie F. Newman of Nebraska. inrs. iewman went immediately to Utah. The cities! the .power to deal with such offenses. HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, committee such enacted then with statutes, the everv faithfully complied legislature Why?- - If GLASS AND QUEENBWARE, of the resolution as to conference Mormons aa well as Gentiles would be subject V.specification . : A t. .' .t i .i ine to arrest. The city officials are Mormon. If auu luvcaLigaiiuu. tiu uarmony wnn judgELEGANT COT GLASS, cities had exclusive Jurisdiction, Gentiles alone ment of Federal officers and ecclesiastical au thoritiesthe petition was drafted by the comwould be made to teel the penalty, ot violation. AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE" under-th- e Church .Mormon regime mittee and circulated by the W. H. M. S. Moreover, .....MENTS '.. ;Just as the petition emerged from the press .... .. Mormons are amenable only to church rule; in and Salt Lake City, a dinner was given to Kev. sentenced are tried in ecclesiastical courts, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, not suffer civil, penalchurch, Joseph Cook, of Boston," at the house of Mrs." by. the bishops to Governor. Murray, always loyal and Paddock, of the committee, at which-werPURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, ties. heroic in action in vetoing the Ogden charter present Federal and ecclesiastical authorities CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL who had endorsed the movement. It3 Wll: used this 'language:.' scope While lusi can. bligbt. the whole Territory without finding. and purpose were the theme of discussion. GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Mrs. Newman.oflered the distinguished any rebuke at the hands of the legislature, the attempt to guest a confer power on a municipal corporation to punish local copy of the. petition. Upon examination he ' tSTWe carry a largr and more compkt in exclaimed, "Excellent, excellent! I will sign it transgressions against morality tbe indefinite, inadequate, and inclose it in a letter to Senator Edmunds.". nd inoperative way done in this bill cannot have my Stock than anjr house In the weat. Such is the estimate of those who have studied tion. ELDREbCE. Supt. H. Again, polygamy, even under United States the Mormon problem within the Territory. convictions Individual are as and official only law, is rarely punished, signatures of organized bodies of Christian women were obtained, reobtained under'-.- ' the, "unlawful cohabitation' presenting 250,000 women in the States. clause, with Judge Zane's ruling that "holding ofwives" constitutes the world as the 0a the . 16th of June, out to these , petitions were read in the United Slates Seua'ebv SenaT he U tah statutes are si leu t on fense. Wh v the subject of marriage. No marriage licenses, tor Hoar. Congress adjourned before the bill Will be found the latest styles and production no certificates of.-- marriage, no civil records of passed the House. Many or these 250,000 in .. women have been champions of marriage, are required. Marriage ceremonies equal suffrage from the rostrum and in the LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, are .performed- iiV the endowment house, witfor manV presi 3 liminessed oaly 'by Mormons. The statute of FANS,- - GLOVES, PARASOLS, years. Such is; enlightened Christian sentiment tation cuts ojf prosecution in three y ears, i. c, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES. ' it is a crimes to, live .in' polygamy ths first feeiuimeni wnicn holds the sanctity of ChrHian ' And an elegant Essortmenfof is--a : thereafter. Laws virtue for and the three years; it marriage, protection rof virtue as at east the supression of sexual crimeacan only 'be with QivU liberty. It isrwe In enacted wheu Gentile representation predominonly a misapprehension of the faxit terseSpecial department for LadiesV Misse': nd , nt'i Shbef . ates is thelegiskture,and can only W ex&mted , ly expressed in convention m. ;w i sec-tio- n ." 1 - er : F. Au erbach & Bro. ao-ain- - - cori-struct- Spring and Summer ed V TAMS3 ; -- ; l JLe . SALT LAKE Notions, . . e , '; . 8. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S . . . I ' , co-equ- ' be-tev- e, in . . '. 