y .1 .The. Eights, of. the Women Vol. ' F LO VVER. - ' -- When from Eden's garden banished By a just, offended God, two exiles, angels followed, Sprinkling with their tears the sod. Where those jewels fell, bright flowers .' Sprang to life in dale and wood. One, amidst the thorns and briers, .Grew in mystic similitude. , With no comrade but the night wind, Pressed its loneliness like pahv;;.;... Till it bowed its head in anguish, V Of the centuries sweeping past it, In their ever changing mood, Tiy,unlike all other flowers, Am I doomed to solitude? : ''Sympathies unmeasured for them Poets sin? in sweetest lays. Must Yoknown thus forever; ;.:'. Dwell where, none may love or prais?" . "Ah!" the breezes Softly answered, ,As they kissed its tearsxwa'y, "Bliss unknown to others waits; thee. ; Patience but another day," ' to call this wrong. With the morning light came soldiers, . j On their cruel errand sent, To the crown for Him they plaited Its sweet charm the flower lenL r - : ' ' ' ' - wnen upon me cross mey crownea mm, iOae in whom was found no guile; ' Crushed amid the thorns this flower '..a-- . 1 " '.,,.. ; ; Sweetest fragrance gave the while. Through he darkness and the horror n Of that morn, this Brightly gleamed mystic symbol, ; t Where of anguish "Love was born. terror-stricke- .Fulfilled its destiny. Emblem of the Crucifixion, Passion-flowebloom . -v " (.'.:;.:;.. .r: .:';-- .' 1866, Brunswick, Me., . ".. rs to-da- y. v. : Ex. FAITH. The column of this flower represents the pillar to which Christ was bound; its fringes, the crown of thorns; the tendrils, the cords that bound Him; the styles,. the nails; the stamens, the hammer that drove them through His tender flesh.' ; ' . 5th, 1886. ' Salt Lake City, May 26th, 1886. SaintsandTOIdrraon -- vi-den- -- com-mande- CELESTIAL MARRIAGE.. Agreeable to your reque3t,I send you a copy of my article, which was prepared for the late Mass Meeting, but through some oversight did not appear in the published pamphlet: lofihis: Jifetfd;:astheJate PresGeo A. -Smith repeatedly said to me and others; 'Tho Prophet seemed irresistibly moved by the power of God tof establish that principle, not only ih' theory, in the hearts and - minds of his brethren, but in practice also!" he himself having led the way.' :SVhile this doctrine was thus being taught by the Prophet to those whom he "could trust those who had faith, -- righteousness and integrity," to believe and'ac-cep- t it, with all its consequences, (which fee no trilling 'things) it remained ah"unwritten law" and commandment of the Almighty to the faithful only of His Saints, designed to bo enlarged as intelligence and fidelity to the laws of God increased; until the 12th day of July, 1843, when & portion of the revelation wa3 writ ten in the manner, and (at that time) tor the purpose set 'forth in tho statement of Elder Clayton's now submitted to the world, and as ; indicated in the revelation itself, as' follow, v. 06: "And now,as pertaining to this Jaw, verily, verily I say unto' you; will reveal more unto let this suffice for the you hertafter, therefore v ' ;:' ' ' present. ..;.' ' Let all th Litterrdaj Saints hnoio that reJoseph Smith, the martyred Prophet, : sponsible to God and .the world for' thi3 doctrine, and let every soul know that lie and his brother Hyrum did practice the doctrine, in their lifetime, anil until their death,' notwithstanding their seeming denials as publbhcd in the Times and Seasons and which are so ferevidence against the fact vently relied upon-- I ' . Dear Sir SOME HARD QUEJTIOXS. Has Senator Edmunds a wife or a daughter? If he has either, what must be her feelings towards himL How.must she regard hb injustice to woman? How can she tolerate the inhu: manity of his .nature, which is so apparent jn ; the laws he has .framed for Utah? laws which to take awaythe political rights, not only of those women whom he chooses to call offend-ersbu- t, those also jwho have committed no of. ar& fence. ' f - And the government officials, who7 here in . 1 Editoe Deseret , NeW3: Something over twelve years ago, by my solicitation, Brother William Clayton, at that time and for many years Territorial Auditor, wrote a brief history of facts which came uudnr. nis oD3ervauon reiaiive 10 me writing of the Revelation on Celestial Marri- ase,-- as now louna in section ijz, locinne and Covenants, page 433, and first published to the world in 1852,at a general conterence of tho ; Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, held in. Salt Lake City. I now for ward this document to you for publication, believins: that the perusal, of it will prove in teresting to'your numerous readers just at thb present juncture, when the subject seems to be d, ; : i " -- ' DeAR.AuNT.Em: ce -- "If "Lull Greene EXPLANATORY. respect to the -- . you would only renounce polygamy!" some of them have said; but how ii it now, if nonpolygamists are to be disfranchised the same as though they were JgftlljJiniong the, offenders? Can they not see that they are showing us before hand that we need not anticipate any, good from them, how ever we might turn, so long as we cnoose to serve the Lord instead of the evil one, so Jong as we will live ; pure lives instead of corrupt ones? If they don't see it we do, and we are all the more determined to love the Lord and serve Him with all our might. May He have mercy on us and save us, and may He have mercy,' and if possible turn them from the error of their wavs. We do not ask them to have pity on us; we have learned better; but from the very bottom of our hearts, 'great, warm,' loving hearts, such a3 they know noth thera. ing about we pity them and pray We are shocked and wounded now by their cruelty towards us, by all that we see and hear of them; but oh! it will be far more terrible to see and hear them in tho near future, when they aro calling for rocks and mountains to fall unon them, and hide them from the presence of an offended and all powerful God! topic- - with era!. It may prove a stumbling, block to some,but it will tarow light upon many points . heretofore obscure, and but little understood by many, which I trust will prove not only interesting bat instructive and profitable. It will at least prove a guide to all, in connection wi t a the a bu nd an t and r incbn t ro verti blee already had on this point to the identity of its author, under God; for which, all who love the truth, cannot but fe6l thankful. It must be borne in mind that this great and glorious principle wa3 ' first revealed to Joseph ' bmith in 1831 or 1832 (I have not thi exact date with me) but- - being forbidden to make it public, or to. teach it as a doctrine of the Gospel, at that time he -- confided the facts to only"" a very few of his most intimate associate?. Among them ' were Oliver Cowdery and Ly- - . man E. Johnson,' the latter confiding the fact to his' traveling companion ' Elder Orson Pratt, in the year 1832. (See O. Pratts' testimony.) And this great principle remained concealed in tho bosoms of the Prophet Joseph and the few ty whom he revealed it, Utltil he was about 1842, to " instruct tho leading members - of the Priesthood, and those who were mo3t faithful and intelligent, and best prepared to - receive, it in relation thereto, at which time, and subsonuentlr until ' his martyrdom, the subject; in eonnecUoa with tho rgreaTprincipIes of baptism, redemption and sealings for the dead became the great themes and inoperrcourt? " 1 It is to be feared that these gentlemen, in all th eir st u d ies and researches after kn o wledger have failed to 'come accross, or else have entirely overlooked the - Golden Rdle.-- - It would be a charitable work to gel that beautiful law printed on Sunday School cards and send it to them by an army of the little "Mormon" children whose papas are now in prison. In prison for no crime, except that they own and support them and their mammas, and some of the leading ones of the nation choose --wives,' air absorbing Latter-da- y : Asking o'er and o'er again . - No. 1, the Utah, are carrying out someof Edmunds' unjust suggestions even before they have become laws. Is it possible that they; at least some of tne most cruel ot tliem, can nave wives, daughters, or sisters? It i3 to bo hoped not! After heaping the insults andindignities upon "Mormon" women that they do, how' could they ever have the assurance to speak to or look at any woman again? They" mu3t have had mothers are they dead? It is a great pity if some of them aro not. - Supposing it to, be the case, that either of tho gentlemen operating in the federal court here has a wife, how would he like to have such questions asked of her, as have been asked of other men's -- Those . Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 1, 1880. THE LEGEND OF THE' PASSION , (lie T. v 15. of Zibn, and a a certain class of Thoso denials can be explained, and have baen, and while they are trua sease, tind for the which wero dasigned.tJiey are they purpoie for by auti-polygamist- in-th- s, o not denials of plural or celestial marriage as Smith and practiced1! at tho taughti by. Joseph - t n i .1 time Dy Dottt 01 tnem, ana many omers a prominent standing in the Church. 'Tiiese . 1 ' ' . seeming denials themselves are specific proofs 