WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 100 - ill .v:i.' 'I... Mrs Newman and the other ladies interested in. it as a neeuiear appwpiiducHi (jy UOngtcss for a purpose that has no real existence. this institution will find, and Congress will also History records notable incidents of women who comprehend in due time, that; the offer made them have made the most heroic efforts to save one and terms specified will be. rejected in the same ora lover. ; There Jsjrobably sort of way as the proposals of His Excellency, rid instance upon record of the devotion and heroiGov. ..West, to,4he- -. bretiiren in the Utah Peniten ism of any women that might not have a parallel tiary, imprisoned there for conscience sake. Mor In Mbrmonism. Certainly their record has already mon women are as .true, as loyal and as constant proven that they are .capable of making sacrifices to the principles they have embraced and in such as are unequalled by any other women in the .which they steadfastly believe as their brothers, and are als7Tasvv!lling to suffer for the truths's - present day at least. Oueen Elinor, wife ol EdFirst of. England, sucked the poison "sake and have' proven it again and again in days - ward the . . .1 : r irom me wounu ncr nuuanuJ iiauJ received in the thai are uast. and at thre present "are dvin;r abund- Holy vvar from a poisoned arrow. She considered apt testimony of integrity and selfsacrifice. life in the matter but only to save one With the Mormon woman her religion is more, not her own dearer than life itself. There- are things ond than heriife, more than food or raiment and cer mio-hn fpf tn rln tinrlpi r)rp.stirp.nr I ft " " of vw,..j.iWauuu. tain ly- she' will not prove false about the persecu circumstancesof by brought these.' The familyfies"nnd associations are somefor the sake of a princition, against oneVreligion thin" so sacred-thathey cannot be broken with ple, and for the .one beloved that vould impunity. Even were they as unjiappy .as they are be still more of a than ,to sacrifice represented, they would still cling to the faith and life. There is no such lay down one's the principles which they know are ofxH vine origin. thing as sefting any , bounds in reference highest object to be attained Happiness is not-thto woman's devotion to the man she loves here ,qr, at any rate, happiness in the common It is oie 01, the Tnmgs mat it wouia pe entirely acceptance of the term. To do the greatest good impossible to tell. to the greatest.number, to be instrumental in en lightening the human family in regard to the way of salvation and an. exaltation hereafter is ah ob EDITORIAL NOTES. No and even suffering. ject worthy cr.vL.will tell us thyt those who possess the great-- " The conference of the Relief Society of this not at are the of amount est Stake will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Asknowledge happiest; all. It is s.a;d "knowledge is power" but wehave sembly rooms on Thursday December 9U1, comnever heard anyone say knowledge is happiness. mencing at 10 a.m., and at 2 p.m. A verbal re- Yet there have been many striking: instances of ; port from each branch in the , Stake will be ex Saints under the the true happiness of Latter-dapected and it is most desiraible that' the President most trying circumstances. Every day,almost,we or one of her counselors should be present to t!i r h t e b worn en tw b o ar J ejs ongIcome injCO n ta cLwi the con- -of the est testimonies possible of dition' of the respective branch: over which .she happy cqndition so But it not families. : were, Targe patriarchal presides, it is.. earnestly hoped that this aavice for woman do her will not what religion,her family will De acted upon that the i'resident may know home these when And these home. and her ties, as much as possible of the spiritual as well as extend into out the temporal condition of each of these organizaeternity reaching holy obligations into the future ages beyond the finite conception, tions in the Stake. is any sacrifice too great o make in order to seON Friday December 10th the i oung Ladies the family relationship, and cure the'blessing-S-.c- f Associations of this Stake will hold their quarterof progression for the ages to come? ly conferenceat the same place.the meetings comMrs. Newman and the other would-b- e benevomencing at 10 a.m., and at 2 p.rtf) The presidents lent ladies know so little of the hopes that aniare expected to make verbal reports personally mate Mormon wpmeri,that it is impossible for them or throus-- one of the counselors. to give any verdict in the case. Time will prove On Saturday the Primary Associations of the .how much endurance, fortitude and courage these Stake will hold their" regular quarterly conference, women,mahy of them young,possess ; and whether will be a good attendance. they have' not as much" real, true, genuine love for and it is expected there The exercises will be Jnterspersed with singing the husband they have, chosen, as those who have and reciting. All who are interested in these or- arnan-altothemselves, whieh-i- s brought srp rnrrlillv 'invited- to attend the ward as the strong point in favor of the opposition. conferences. Women in all the ages of the world have proved their love and constancy in the marriage relation The regular meeting of the officers of the Y. L. to be of superior quality so far as enduring trials, M. )A. in this Stake, which occurs on the first be. held hereafter privations, sufferings and even cruelty for love Saturday in every month-w- ill alone, but love joined with religions principle .(for the present). in the Relief Society Hall in the" even a stronger character. must Fourteenth Ward instead of the residence of Mrs. The Woman's Indusrial Home in this city will E. S. Taylor; the attendance at these meetings is so large that Mrs. Taylor's parlor proves too remain empty, unless Women of other denominations find employment and " means of a livelihoud small a place'.' The Relief Society Hail is m within its walls. - It may be that some who have the upper part of the brick .building just west of the Fourteenth Ward. Assembly Rooms on first once been members of the Church of Jesus Christ Saints may be willing to accept the of Latter-da- y south street;' All those interested in mutual im conditoris of "The Home," but it will be those. provement are cordially invited. Meetings com- who are in darkness who have not the Holy Spirit mence at n a.m. The next one will be December 4th. The entrance to the hall is in the rear of the abiding in them. We understand the place in the Twelfth Wajd building. formerly occupied as the Deseret Hospital has been leased and that a very competent woman HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH. from Kansas, Mrs. Dr. Wood, is to have charge of it as matron. In the city of Washington or We have reason to believe that many things, almost any large city in the Stales, and at any rate were introduced among the Saints,before God had in several towns in Kansas such an institusignified the times ;and, notwithstanding the princition would be largely patronized no doubt, ples and plans may have been good, yet aspiring but in Utah there is not the least need of men,.or.in other words, men who had pot the subit. There is more household and other work stance, .of Godliness about them, perhaps under- , J"ere are. women took to handle, edge tools. Children, jou kno, . Wo MAN'S IiXPO N E N T. KMMELlMi a. WFJ.LS, i' -- Editor. - JSalt, :Lakc City, Ota ri. ,rms: jl'ublislieii one copy one ye if, 5s2.h);. ony copy six jR4ithr L.ft.- - Tom copies lor the nrieo of nine,"-- ' Advertising rut'es':- - 'Jvtcli square,, ten- hues of n.npjirtil u iiu jnoujUf.'SftM.' A Jibor.il' space, ono tlnw, $20;-pu- r "to regular adveriiHerjr. .Kxi'oXKNT oHice, No. .' E., Soutji Teriip'e. Street, .second DcsvM'ot Xews O.Ike. sftte ea-tjhnwss hours from 10L r..rn to & p.m. every day, t?xc?;4- Kiuiday. to "Addre.-- s ail busings c'lnnuuu-iciitioin . - - tli.-c- " ' uf ": Lis H lift WOMAN'S EXrOX(T,Ai r Lake (Vr?. Utah. J'l-- 1 - ' ' : 1 1 I 1 1 - Salt Lake XTtv, '"DltCRMHER I, lSS6. - J f : -e - - -- CURTIS' LETTER. .MR. Esq. an' ableyind Tickner Cutis : ..George t learned as well as brilliant lawyer of Washington I nterier has written a letter to the Secretary giving' his- opinions and views of the Mormon -- mi net? nrrrrnt4 rrrrj...-Kv S. s'tft i fut VjUVLIVI and Mr". has Curtis carduhy .studied con his and arrived at the. has examined grounds clusions without prejudice. He 'has manifested a liberal spirit and feelings of humanity in setting forth his arguments upon this matter. It is to of the United States genthat erally will have "the 'opportunity of reading and considering Ins letter. It will be eaitying to any,; one and cannot fail to do a large amount of. good wherever it", is circulated. His reasoning is humanitarian, to say the least. - Htrhas no 'idea of advocating the methods of modern warfare. It will be remembered that this gcatiemarjFof of-th- - mr-ndatio- - w . ' be-hope- the-peop- le -- :.i "... llltlUC .1 Cl UilliLLlU u,....:, . ;rrr,-- ,.t.- ,Lilt! "i1HAV ii.ua 7,CilUUSUVLUCCLIl on the Snow case before the Supreme;, Court in Washington last spring and is expected to appear in the segregation of cases that is to come up - v V there Tnrtiloi'if n the before T - V ... 1 Court' sometime Supreme o O PA 11 L if aT 1 t I Tin. 3 with rnnntrv . w v ...... .'al t. .4 sPfiTm .flnnflpfl VV terness and prejudice against our people, to as find a man so and and honest as Mr. Curtis, and well as one, too, who is disposed to speak for the perse cuted and oppressed,even though his beliel is not- in harmony with theirs. Mr. Curtis is a thorough gentleman of the old school and has a most wonderful memory of both dates and events; his knowledge of facts and figures so many years back was a perfect surprise to lis ; he is a most agreeable, animated and entertaining coversationalist, and never seemed to tire of Mormon subjects. Mr. Curtis' letter speaks volumes to those who are trvin? to rob an unoffending and unpopular people of the freedom to which they are entitled as citizens of the United Statesand the rights they have so dearly earned in settling the desert". Everybody should read it and cannot fail to be thr . .J t wlipn V.W I V. ';.'.' - I A clear-heade- - .- -- 1 w. w lafg-soule- d . - ' d fair-minde- d edified. self-deni- al y . : . -- l .'"'.... be-o- f -- . TIE INDUSTRIAL HOME. the'discussion of the'introduction into Congress of the bill of Mrs. Angic F. Newman, asking that Honorable-Bodto appropriate $ioo,ooc to the, Industrial Christian Home Association' for ' the construction and equipment of an institution such as the bill specified. Congress made an appropriation of $40.0:0 for the purpose designated, viz. to provide means ''for of the dependent classes in' Utah and to aid in the suppression of polygamy therein.". Such an institution might perhaps be made and even a money making affair if the Mormon women could be induced to become recreant to the principles of their religion, and deny the faith. But -- y 'self-suppo- rt - self-supporti- . ioiJnJQ Jo-xloJt- and- 