58 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. brace the excellent -- advantages afforded in the various classes organized for the special education of women in obstetrics and nursing?iand become efficient reliable workers in. ah honorable and humane calling. Jn conversation with. 'Dr. Maggie C. Shipp who will shortly begin another class in obstetrics she assured me that she had a list of names of women who being out of employment have sought her recommendation as nurses but somehave badnoeduca-tio- n or training in this responsible office to herself and those requiring assistance she is obliged to withhold her signature and aid. The occupation of a professional nurse is a remunerative one-anher services are always '. in demand," but the reasons are clearly defined to the reasonable mind why the knewledge of obstetrics and nursing, especially the latter, is essential to every wife and mother who is continually required to. discharge these duties in her -family, and with what satisfaction and suc--r1 " . t i cess tnese laoors oi love might oe penormea with the advantages and assurance that knowledge gives. We would certainly encourage every young lady to take a course as some are doing in this branch of learning before she considers herself qualified to -- assume the rewhose ilv sponsibilities oLa-ho- me and health,happine?8 prosperity depends chiefly upon the intelligence and qualifications of the Wife and' Mother. in-jus- tice L " K and-fam- -- Olive Branch. I HENRIETTA'S BAPTISM. EMILY E, BPENCERr ; Henrietta said - auui uaicuj iuci v ii good-b- j uuuicnaiu. i i oLcps mm w to her kind friends, w w . I v aa wma v fete M aa w rejoiced in all that had been told her. She expected her mother, brother.and sisters wpuloV be glad to hear her wonderful tidings, that m these last days God had again spukenrand His authorized agents were again upon the earth, but, alas! at the home she was met with pity . and contempt from -- those- that zwere so2 dear. They saw no beautr or truth in the doctrine that had so delighted her. All of their ridicule and arguments were unavailing to eradicate" the good impressions that she had received. She attended the meetings -- of the Latter-da- y Saints and the Spirit of God enlightened her soul, so that when a day was appointed for - T ' baDtism. she was at thfi river'ft inv aU'minrr -- ta fiiHn ij-j in her lace. It was a gray, cold December morning when she stepped into the water, under the arch of a bridge, and was baptised by an Elder of the' . .... . .i J ni t vaurcn oi jesus unrist oi .batter-daSaints, one who had authority to baptise in the name of the Father the Son. uud the Holy Ghost uu i ue Buiu amea, ne ner beneath the water, and she rose topiungeu a new life, a new faith, a new hope, one with a despised sect,had entered the "wicket gate" and could journey on to the heavenly City to receive a crown for a life time of deyotion. The baptism was oyer and the little crowd dispersed to their different homes. Evening came and Henrietta went to the confirmation meeting. The sweet singing and heartfelt nraver were over. and the Elders laying their hands her had conferred unon her the (rift inf upon tVA Hnlw Ghost. That eveninc was an evenimr vr tn bo remembered. After she had returned homo her heart was so full of joy and thanksgiving that she felt as if she must pour out her thoughts in writing a letter to the Elders. y ery seldom had she.desired to write, but now with her mind lit up by the Spirit of the Lord she sat at her little table, and wrote a letter of praise and gladness, that she had been privi: leged to hear and obey the Gospel. . After her letter was written, she knelt and prayed.a'nd soon laid down vas fast asleep. . y , w - - fur-row- s, 1 was abundantly traveled." He will find places where there is energy and thrift, an attempt to farm according to the latest ideas; he will also find others, aad too many, where they plow only portions of the field, skim over a little here and there, are let-va.nfl fiVP.fYthinf - . -- tinor hnilrllncrfl. D ' O B v.yv j one of these peasants the reveal a response .may nationality not .the .Mew stock. Lngland primitive You 6. are distinctly told of a false fear of years ago in regard to a supply ot wood. It wa3 thought that the time would come, and not far distant, when not enough wood would grow for fuel. At that time forests were felled to make new fields. Now", although the primi- uve woous aro guui -- mo wu new icveiea, a kind of scrubby growth is spreading wider and wider, and with - the increased use of coal the price of wood is kept down. ' At the present time, when woodland is cut over, it is left to grow up again, mere is image iana enough If he accosts down. 1 UU . DECLINE OF POPULATION IN d 1 gainly stretches, unsightly distances between houses, young forest trees growing on old closed roads and others yet barely open a must grunu uic, Tiiiiwi ojr - w mmt x OnCQ About midnight, she was awakened by a loud rattling at her door accompanied by a feeling of terror as if some invisible shape of evil was approaching. Louder and louder was the noise until it seemed as if it had reached the bedside, and the horrid presence was by her, Intuitively she knew it was the evil one, maddened that she had been baptised, and benumbing her with terror. Then came to her mind to pray, and as she muttered the name of Jesus the clanking ceased the Jearfulness lefHier and she felt that she was free from the dire mysterious influence and that it had vanished. RAL MASSACHUSETTS RUNO. 1. New This decline is going England, in portions of New York State and Ohio, and still other States of the Union. But there are some advantages in confining our research to a single one, and it is no w most convenient for me to take as an example that in which ! am residing. Further, Massachusetts is regarded as a kind of index State, and so is looked at to determine somewhat how the ocean tides of civilization are flowing. ...... which am be feet stated a to I have that I prepared to undertake to prove. The'fact itself is a Btartling tne, as I shall try to show in its proper place. 1. There is a general impression that the: country is being depopulated,while the villages . and the cities are growing larger. - 2.- - The drift of remark and conversation is to this effect, whether vou listen to the body of thepeopleor to the observations of travelers, politicians, philosophers, or otherwise. Anon you hear the lines; -- ; tion.' 7. A town, ' middle-age- d .. , ... : ' ' . manemembers when,in his. at the centre, perchance, there, was, for those days, a large and respectaoie hotel, l he landlord could afford to provide amply for man and beast for.election days, for weddings for sojourners, for parties, and the coming of the thundering stage. Teachers were examined there, caucuses held, and sometimes the ordaining council metat that place. There and of help in and about all so respectful auTready. The public howir ills a fares the land, to hast'ning "III "has departed, or dwindled, in many cases, into' prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay; little miJAiiK1a ii m. noil incr fttunrl Tnr th Princes and lords may flourish or may fade; four and six horses suffices to carry the mail . A breath can make them, as a breath has made: nags ana passenger, should mere De one. But a bold peasantry, their country's pride, 8. A more strangely dreary object can When once destroyed can nerer be supplied." scarcely lie against the horizon. or confront 3. Men accustomed to hold offices in coun your immediate presence,than an unfrequented try towns, in particular, will state how much church. Yonder is one, and beyond the next atlarger the vote used to be, and they, or the hill is another. They used to have a noble tendance. Preachers, famous in their regions school board, will inform one how many disat least, officiated ia- the high pulpits and at tricts have been dropped and school-house- s closed. Such information is imparted in a way the thronged tables. One or another has given out and left the field to a rival, not from any tq indicate that it is painful to the possessor. and that it will have a melancholy effect upon chaDee in conviction, but because me means became so limited and the attendance so the listener. It is understood tobedenressin. instead of animating; a matter of deep regretrhwretchedly meagre. My best buggy is shining unaer a varnisn pui on in a uuuuiug wuivu ratner man oi congratulation. was once a church. In those very walls, 4. You may visit one of the older inhabi- tants, one, perhaps, born in town, and whose twenty-fir- e years agone, I used to speak otcaancestors for several generations lie buried sionally to a full congregation. . . If I had time to rjonder. I could find other there, get into conversation with him about the past and the present of that township, and general considerations all pointing their bony he will grow serious, relate how many more fingers in one direction that of the caption of families were used to be in his own and other my article. The decline has taken place and neighborhoods circumjacent, how larger the is still going on, as I will bring statistics to atmuch stronger, test in my next number. average household, how and united The reader will remember that our special Wealthier people thereabouts once Bar State. Yoa were, he might add, handsomer. He speaks in the sombre style of an Indian sage standing would hardly expect to find a better governtoon an eminence and describing to his companment, more gracious institutions, and taken ions the hills, the vales, the plains which once gether, a higher civilization. Our hills break, the cyclones in their formation. We never belonged to his tribe. 5. Whether the pastor, the sportsman, the havea drouth, such as some countries expert else is or or ence." Markets are near at hand. The soil is physician, anyone walking driving about in ohkj of these towns, he is, constantly broken, often rocky; yet back from ocean meeting, or at little distances, clumps, rows or sands, never barren. It will produce every recirclets of trees that once manifestly surcrop the latitude will allow of; is quickly rounded a house, walls and pieces of fence that vived, and can not be entirely run out. It quietly bear the same tender testimony, entire immediately responds to every sort of good excavations of partly-filleportions of a. wall dressing,holds it well, bears the best of grasses, still standing; in respect to all of which the and has the sweetest of pastures. A farm can exclamation is made, "Another oW cellar be bought Jn a good situation for some two hole!" thousand dollars, which will keep ten cows and observer, if at all clairvoyant in the the usual proportion of other stock. Why midst of such scenes;, has impressions of vanshould such lands be forsaken? We will try ished life, of a departed to answer that in the third and closing nunj activity, of space now enly haunfeJ, and h6 en. see dn R L, Hoxmi. beV, wa-ple- the-building- ' .- - - , . d Ie de-serte- d, nty 