WOMASS .EXPONENT. GO It is not, therefore, expected that the Latter-daSaints, or that Zion will escape, but that the Saints need to be on the watchtower constantly, that they fail offulfillment. And said, for his words can-no-t 0, how much there is to do, to build up Zion that she may be established and become glorious ;sure-l- y "the harvest is ready but the laborers are few," and many seek their own pleasure and aggrandizement. Evil Influences are abroad," and they are far morej dangerous than diseaseand not so ap. parent, they strive to get .possession of vthe body y WOMAN'S hXPO NEXT. n Salt Lake City, Ut th. Term?: . Published one one one co;y copy six monthySl.00..' Ten year, 8&00; copies for the price of nine. Each square, ten lines of nonpareil Advertising rate Vpa one lim J to regular advertisers. 25 No. E., South Temple Street, second Exponent office, of Deseret Nc;vji Office; Business hours from 14 a.m pate to. p.m. every day, except Sunday.,, Address all business communications to semi-monthl- . .. . -- et . WOMAN'S? EXPONENT, PUBLISHER . - Halt Lake Citv. Utah. Salt may not be overcome, or overtaken unawares, for the hour," -- St. Luke "no one knoweth the day nor J in his Gospel says :, "And thereshair be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and Editor. EMMEUSR B. WELLS, Lake City, September 15, 1886. perplexity, upon the earth distress of nations,-wit- h waves the sea and the roaring; ' Men's, hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth, for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.''. 1Those who make a life study of the sciences would fain make men believe that there is no oc casion for alarm, that all will go on without serious interruption, that there is no programme marked, out by an Almighty hand; but the Saints know better, and the Elders and messengers have been sent forth from time to time to warn the people and to entreat them to repent of their sins and hearken unto the Lord. A few here and there even re have obeyed, this warning voice,-havjoiced that they were permitted to hear the glad tidings of salvation brought to them, and have - gathered to Zion to be further instructed in the ways of the Lord, that they might make prepara tion for the day of His coming. Not only do the prophecies of the Scripture point to the events now transpiring, but also the Book of Mormon and the prophecies of Joseph Smith recorded in the book of Doctrine and Covenants, as contained in the revelations of God to him. In a revelation given December 27th, 1832, at Kirtland,Ohio, we "find corroborative testi mony to that of Isaiah, and other prophets of the olden times: "And alter your testimony cometh wrath and indignation upon the people." "For after your testimony cometh the testimony of earthquakes, that shall cause groanings in the midst of her, and men shall fall upon the ground and shall not be able to stand." "And also cometh the testimony of the voice of thunderings, and the voice of lightnings, and the voice of tempests, and the waves of the sea heaving themselves beyond their bounds." C a n a n y on eo f sane mi n d say th e se th i n gs are' not being fulfilled? Surely not! Men's hearts are failing them for fear, and the running to and fro in, the earth is another signifi cant fact in connection with many others. There is abundance of proof that these thingsare true, and those who hearken and obey the voice of the Lord to His people, and sanctify and purify their own hearts and lives, sincerely repenting of evil. and of folly, and humbling themselves, may, by constant devotion and the help of the Holy Spirit, endure these terrible things that are daily oc curring. But not in their own strength can any stand, only by relying upon God and obeying His commandments given through His servantswho are set as Shepherds and as Watchmen to take care of His Hock. Those who'study in humility and prayer the Bible and other books containing the word of the Lord to His people will find consolation, strength and encouragement for the performance of duties and obligations, and help to .fulfill those cf a temporal as well as a spiritual na .ture, for we have practical work to do, and the kingdom of God cannot be established upon the eartrTwilhout it. Yet there is no work of any kind-thais not better done when one is in the possession of the Spirit of, God, and in order to keep that good Spirit, one's life and works must correspond. Seek diligently to keep in the strait and narrow way, and listen for the still small voice within, while bowing in obedience to the authority God has set in His Church to'preside. We are told that, "Obedience-i- s better than sacrifice," and the Saints have proved it again and aain The Lord will take care of his people who are striving to walk in his paths and will "yet make the wrath of man to praise Him," even as he has and thus destroy 7 the 7 soul; temptathe of allurements the and tions Saints adversary shonld watch continually as well, as pray and avoid the insinuations and promptings of the wicked one, who is'ever on the alert to decoy the , unwary, the careless and the indifferent. The hand of the Lord is stretched 0'it in t, He remember' his own in mercy. yet-wil- l He has said "if the righteous barely ..escape," which shows plainly that they must live near to and-agai- nst - judg-meri- , THE TIMES ARE SIGNIFICANT. The great earthquake felt in the east, recently, . and which made, such terrible destruction of life and property in Charleston, has given a warning alarm to many,' and caused much reflection in the. minds of sober thinking, people. That the most should ave-been felt, and the severe-sho- ck greatest desolation made in the very place where the late War of. the Rebelion first broke out, seems a singular cofneidence indeed. The terror people inspired by this catastrophe among-tha made have to seems a taken as whole, deeper impression upon them than any event of modern L;. times, at least in this countryand will, no doubt, result in awakening many to inquiring and searching after truth and righteousness ; and though the majority will attribute this awful calamity to some freak of nature, and ignore nature's God in the Saints arc not ignorant of matter, the Latter-dathe meaning of all these signs and wonders and manifestations of God's displeasure and His power.-Greaevents are transpiring, and great changes are at the very doors of the nations, whether the people heed these serious and timely warnings or not ; nevertheless thefact remains, that the prophecies uttered by the servants of God in ancient and modern times, and as recorded in the Bible, the Book of Mormon and the Doctrine and Covenants ? are being fulfilled. The people may shut their eyes and close their cars to the warnings, butin the day of His power "the Lord shall have them in derision." The Propnet Jeremiah says, speaking of the Latter ' days: "Behold, a whirlwind of the Lord has gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind; it shall fall grievously upon of the wicked." "The anger of the Lord shall not. return until He have executed, and till He have performed the thoughts of His heart; in the latter days ye shall consider it perfectly." Is it not easy to comprehend that the whirlwinds have come? and in several of the States the people have already prepared places of refuge, such as cellars and dugouts, so that when these terrific winds arise they may take shelter in them, and perchmcc escape the fury of the elements. Isaiah the prophet said:. "And they shall go into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of the earth, .for.., fear of the. lie Lord, and Tor the glory of His majesty,vhen ' ariseth to. shake terribly the earth." Already these words are being fulfilled, and strong men fear and tremble and quail before the storrnand know not what to door where to go for Safety and protection. Theories of all kinds are being published and circulated to account for these, wars among the elements of nature, and to allay' the superstitions of the ignorant, as the world terms those who acknowledge that the day of God's judgments; has come. n Peter, the apostle, said: "Judgment must at the house of God, and if it first begins at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the Gospelof God?" -h- e . y t . . the-hea- " - V Jr.:r:r be-Ki- Blessed indeed are they who do his bidding and whom,, when He cometh,shaIl have their lamps trimmed and burning. Him. e EDITORIAL NOTES. The death notice of Sister Eliza Lyman, lished in our issue of September 1st, was more to put her death on record in the Fxponent,' where -- 1 - t it should have been published at the proper time. Improved Blanks for the Young Ladies' Associations are now ready and for sale at the Deseret News Office in this City. It is to be hoped the Associations will obtain these .new blanks for current reports and thus make, all reports uniform. . In looking over some old copy, we came across of the Relief Society in Draper the last year. It is late to publish it, but it should certainly be on record in the Woman's Exponent.--; " The Stake Secretaries of the Primary -- Associa- tions in the severat Stakes in Zion will please forward reports to this office, Woman's Exponent, at the earliest date possible, in order that a complete report may be prepared '"for the October Con"" '''. fer.eoce. and Lydia Ann Wells visited Granger Ward, and attended two meetings of the Primary Association at that place, on Tuesday,' Sep. T, and enjoyed the day very much.. Further- - particulars of the meetings will be furnished hereafter. xstersEllen-C-Ceawso- n : ;The closing exercises of Dr. Maggie C. Shipp's class in obstetrics took place last Monday. The Mary graduates were all of this cityr-Mis-s.J Schwartz, Mrs. Sarah White and Mrs. Mary Edwards. These ladies passed most creditable and thorough examinations, which were conducted by Drs. Anderson, H. J. Richards, Bowerand Harris son. Through the thoughtful kindness of Miss Schwartz Dr. Shipp and her class were invited to the Gardo House, where a most interesting and enioyable time was spent, in feasting the mind and body.' At the close of the day the ladies separated, each with thankful hearts for their success ju their studies, and an earnest prayer for their future usefulness. Dr; Shipp and her classwish to ex-- 1 have who gratituder.to so kindly assisted, by delivering such useful and well selected lectures. The next class- will com mence on Monday, Oct. isr, 1886. Our readers will very likely' have noticed that for some time past there have been no contributions from the pen of our gifted sister, Hannah T. press-the- ir the-physicia- ns, - she King, and possibly they have wondered why has not written; For years she has been a regular contributor, scarcely a number of the paper havingbeen issued without one or raore of her articles no appearing but her health has failed, and she is do longer able to write, much as she would like to so. She has'sufTered very great pain, andjs now upon a bed of affliction. She delighted w writing 