1ST. y" REMEMBRANCER ,Will jay boy remember hit mothr, When, fresh in the dawning light, rlle. springs from hi? .bed "of slumber, -Prepared for the brief day's flight? tHink of the morning greeting, , ViU he ' ' ;Tne smile',' trie tlessing, the kfss,' and the children . The; happy home-tal" of JAin he think them onlyioiriiss? Will fny boy 'remember his mother, When gone to his school or his "play, VWhenover his bright head Is flitting ; Th hour of youth's happy day?' ' Will he think of the rides we have taken"" Through meadow and field all alone, Oar quiet talk,' drifting from flowers Up even to.God's holy throne? . - -- , "I shall undertake to reply first to that por-- , tion of your letter whrch stiuck. me most forcibly; namely, reeardiug. your becoming a r Sister of. Mercy. ; Will you explain .why it is necessary for you to join this order to do good. You. say you .believe, any belief pleasing to God, if it be but" sincere. Had you tu died the Bible,, which is the accepted word of God among civilized people, .you never would have intimated that 'sincerity 'of. worship' is all t hat uoa desires, ana no sane riDie Denever aare advance" such, a "theory. The Bible declares that uGo4 is; a spirit, and theyj that worship Him must worship Him" in spirit, that is,'in sincerity and iniruth ' "Your good sense will tell' you that, is all professed Christian denominations differ in their views regarding the worship of Godj they must all be wrong in some particular'(all save one at any rate), arid in neing wrong they do not mjet the Bible de niarid for worsbipto worship God in truth; and if the Bible u true.ut is fully as essential to worship-i- n irrith as in sincerity. Admitting, however, for argument sake;lhftt:you are right, and that earnestness of purpose is all that is necessary, why then is it . essential for you to' join a . .Catholic institution in order to serve God in the way, you mention? Canuot you be siucerc without becoming a Catholic? Tyou;!? mercifuir without takirg the vows of a Sister, of Mercy. Cannot you have a fixed purpose without thus binding yourself for life? No Catholic will ever tell you that to be sincere is ' all that is essential to ia the sight of God. 'They 'understand clearly, b6tfeiei.rfa?:. we may think them astray in other respects; that sincerity,;' to be effective, must 'foe 'assoVrate'd :'withLt'rutlr. : "Should "you put your idea into execution, admitting that all cise were congenial and satisfactory, to my 5? . ! well-doin- g . a m mam wnich- - prevents them from fulnllmg, the first; and Not every woman greatest commandment can be a Florence Nightingale, npr a' Grace Darling; but the world is full of golden oppor- tunities for the exercise of genuine Christian and true womanly virtues; and as a rule women do not need to leave their homes to find abun dant opportunities for the exercise of all the virtues with which they are blessed. I have no word to speak against the women who nobly sacrifice their lives in the desire to assuage the miseries of their fellow creaturiCt.hnt I cannot avoid the belief that they have made a mistake as to the best manner of accomplishing this result, when they join such orders; and the is rare where they could not have done better had they left themselves free: It is said of J ohn Howard, that he probably assuaged more human misery than any mere man that ever lived; and yet he belonged to no organization that I have heard of. A broad humanity and a boundless sympathy for the suffering and misery of his fellows, led him to devote a life -- and a noble life it was to the mitigation, of horrors aud to alleviating suffering prison caused by thedreadful ravages of pestilential diseases.'. "Hewas sustained by an unfaltering trust in God, and it is not known that it took any special vows or oaths on his part to make him the most successful worker among his fel-- : lows in recent times. I have yet to learn that the good accomplished by Nightingale.Darling, arid the host of women whose names are bright arid glowing spots in the histories of all'times, was due to any vows they made, save to God alone, or Jo their association with others for a given purpose. Not by any means that organization is not valuable and effective but that the good you or any other individual may do, is the result of a personal determination aided by a divine power, which flows from the and infinitely, powerful Creator, and not from any special organization. The f phere of woman is boundless, and it is always where sh herself may be. The soul of a true woman is like the sweet perfume of a flower. We do not see the odor; it is voiceless, and yet if we but come within the circle of its unseen "power, its pervading and persuasive perfume gladdens the heart, and as we drink it in, there is insensibly awakened a rising pulse of thanksgiving; and a broader, a truer and a deeper love for the human race is its offspring. It, is exactly so with the invisible influence of a good and a pure woman, and she leaves an elevating and ennobling impression upon all who come within the radius of her subtle power. This is the perfume of her soul. jBuf this takes- time. , It, b not the flower "of a moment ifot the product of a good, but fleeting resolve it is a plant of slow growth. This power is the result of patient ( " . :haa. some good, wholesome employment. The - ex-..cepti- LtEritMi . .1' place themselves in a position ana tney later) "may .deprive voir of your 4 SOME SUGGESTIVE THOUGHTS. -- land you will not care to go into such, a sub greater andTmore important "commandments' than that of perpetual maidenhood, of being: in a given line. Th6se who join this your IlOMESFTJN1.' . i ject, I need not refer to them. There is, however, a very serious -- subject in your letter to which I do wish to refer Vour complaint of comtant unrest. Da you not understand that there can bo for none of us rest this side the grave, whatever may be lin store forus on the other side? Yours is a very common distress .among young people of j both sexes, and the advice is equally applicable to alK It is not rest that you need, it is occu- paUon. , xou would not feel that eternal ing. that craving for an indefinite something, freedom of action, or give you ' cause for regret in after years. I can tell you1, there are far! Or passing some bright gambling den. And companions persuade him to enter, Will my darling remember me then? Oh, let him forget me at evening, Or during the day's busy hours, ... While reading, or romping, or singing, Or riding 'neath sweet country bowers, j Fdrget b in joy or in sorrow, Bu$ always .remember me when Assailed by the pleadings of Satan, My darttng, remember me thenl KKl'A.X TU A might be a life full of grace and of noble ex- ample, when you are unable to deny yourself the trifling follies which are so: common to 7 those of your years. ' The idea is preposterous. There are still deeper reasons : why you should abandon, the idea, if you really . entertain it, one-wh- o i al-wi- ; and untiring cultivation and this cultivation always begins at home. It is idle for you, to talk of sacrificing a young, lovely, and what '. . Will my boy remember his mother, ' When down the orb fit the day, Soft twilight is drawing her eyelids And folding her labors away, Will he think of the romps in the garden, The swing 'neath the old apple tree, Will he think of the prayers he has offered ' Sb;oft a't tiii fond "mother's knee?"""' S i ; ; A YOUNG MIS3IOHAKY : - r- k' will my boy remember his mother, When into Mryouthful ears Is poured the soft voice of the tempter -- WiH heiheVretnember her tears' Whenirtvitedto smoke or drink liquor, mind would only be limiting-- your power to do good, for your work, as a Sister of Mercy iri the Catholic Church, would be almost, if not entirely, confined- to those of the Catholic faith, and you declare you have no choice in regard to: forms of worship. You raayertter- iam ine mea mat ine vow couiu oe Kept tne easier by associating yourself with this order. It. may be true, but I see' no good reason, why it should be sc. The: vow is made to God, u made at all. It is between Him and the maker, and not between the Catholic Church and the offers it; and it is God who sustains those that seek to 'serve Him, not those of a given faith or of our own way of thinking.' My earnest, my most earnest advice is that you will take no step which (if you should change' se - ' . ' I i I long-mercif- ul - . true woman learns early that life is not civen . uur iDf reL, ,iur iyo ranucanoii qi personal desires. Jts" purpose is' infThitely nobler and grander it is to do something for the good of Others, that we may thereby bd blest ourselves. A wise woman also understands that happiness conies from within'and not from without. And there can be; no happiness where there is no consciousness that we have been the means of nV others. - Her own heart is a' woman's g of joy,1 and when that heart teaches her shehas done her duty well, then, and only then,-- is she truly happy. The conscious-nees;-duty, well performed, is a spring of perennial freshness; andits store of the waters of joy increases with the growing hours. you do just as ;you should do at home; if you make those about you happier than they were, nave you- - nor. . uone someinwg worm accom- A n Tl lali i if fnnL i ; ; . ; Well-pprin- of If m,ja m ia m.M n?i iuk we look a.uii u at it fairly. ij tinf iiii u mj oa cti w LiJ a m a. mrmjm wl. m iik ii Would you not be hapHow can wp expect to. have the pier for it? .. great patience with strajigerS .which rrlercy demands when, we have neither the heart nor the patience to strive to' make qur acquaintances, and. those who. should be still dearer, happy? How can we expect rest, or peace, or satisfaction for the longings of the neart, when there is an ever present Consciousnessvague though it may be that golden opportunities are flying past untouched, that the duty of the hour is not even attempted? Charity and mercy truly should begjn at home. 'Were all women merciful and charitable at home and among their friends working in quiet, undemonstrative v ays, yet with unshaken purpose I am inclined to belie7e there would be little need for such organizations as Sisters of Mercy or of Charity. Cannot you find plenty to do among those you know? We crave too much for the applause of mankind, and not enough for the approbation tf . a pure and earnest heart. We are not satisfied with the quiet, the tender, the modest wreath which adonis the brow of the patient and cheerful worker at home; but if we could taste, the rapture such feel in being decked with this simple emblem, if we only knew the joy of a woman in the pureand confiding smile she herself has made to light up the face of another, we would envy her, I am sure. It is to her what sunlight is to the bird, water to the parched ground, what the smile of this fair world is to one who has been" bereft of sight. If we labor for such a reward, the rest we need is assured. This is " Heartsease" a flower that bloom8 nowhere but in the congenial soil of duty, warmed by affection, and its perfume is the only happiness w can know. It is the joy within 'the joy of an approving heart, tb :which riches and power can add Nothing, and which neither poverty nor the frowns of the R. W. S. haughty can diminish." - 1 