WO MA N 'S EXPONEN TV LINKS TO A SPIRIT DEPARTED. LOVING IV SAHAII ' OF REMEMBRANCE, H. PKATT, WHO WIDOW OF DIED THE IIAWIIAN AS A WOMAN, I.ATE SISTEH THE, MAY years were full of beauty, delicacy, health aud enjoyment. She stands on about, the same plane, so far It was soon after the famous "Indignation !ls l, afn aide:, to ju her husband or lcyas Saint women Meeting." held by the latter-dabrother. .' 7 in the Old labernabh, against-th- o infamous -om Bill,'' that d made the personal sh()ii!dering her hoe, with lier calabash of poi of Haiinah T. Ivmg. Often her and bit of salt fish, she imp !n. .;. eyes had drawn uen waKuig,,iay ..wij; to the u:ar cane field hue person and, eloquent to hoe out nrr row .as her husband doesTShe jny admiring gaze, and one Sunday she-caand sat beside me, and, during the service, is not; often employed- at or . l"886 22NI), 91 AroSTI.K p. p. l'RATT. ' ' '.: - y ' . -- - Thou art gone far away to that sweet land of rest, Where (he soul ne'er grows weary or faints; May thy soul rest in peace .till the c.ill for-tblest, When thy body will rise with the Saints. ce' " -- . he Oh, the sweet gentle rest thou art called to enjoy, With the loved ones who've passed on before -The.sad trials of earth never thee can anoy, For Jhouj-- gone to ilut'beautifuL shore,", 1 t We mourn for thine abMice, our fond mother dear, As we journey through this vale 'of woe; Ne'er again onjhis earth wilt thou be with us to cheer The dark hours Sve're called" to pass through-.- Oft in sickness and grief thou hast been in our home-- . As an angel serit down from abov;- . , To lighten our burdens, and cheer us in gloom, With thy tender, affectionate love. " But now thou art gone, rest in peace; gentle soul! Rest in peace till the Savior doth come; . " Annie Gakdnki:. . PERSEVERANCE On it hinges ma ay blessings, Death with Life goes hancLin hand; Hut it robs not the possessing Jpf this priceless attribute, This desire to gain Perfection , That forever contributes To our strength in every action. 0nr Glmift)L.usefulness4oJe.GgUiei.;, love seems bora of (lod, this Yes, rro excel in every measure-- It ' cju-idin- g "..-.- ' voicevheneversheso chooses- - 1 Tabernacle, instead of going home to dinner,. -t- herdiyrctiiiijing-nifbrtablo"- seats-for-the-nftern- o.m don't think that either nitieting. of us stayed so niuclr for this convenience, as from of spiritual enjoyment in spending ii quiet hour in the place, permeated as it was with an dmost mystical atmosphere of reverie, worship a:.d in tuition of diviner reali-- " ties. When we parted that afternoon dt was Willi the understanding tnat we should each bring' something in our pockets for a taste, and sit- together, and become further acquainted, "next. Suadayv- A m st without interruption wthus ?pont"our Sundays for several iiionths." 2 V. a.fc-ensi- - 1 - I was aione, as it were, away from my own 1 family, visiting for an indefinite period in the citv, boarding in somewhat uncongenial. quarters, and .the kind attention of this lady was very lovingly appreciated diy me. Not that I had no other 'friends; I had many, and they were kind,dnit tln-rwas something peculiarly and satisfying fascinating to jne in her literary conversation, and in drawing. me to her and by her confiding manner, finding out my own tastes and inclinations, combining in one perlooked with longing son guide and friend. heart toward others whose talents and natures I adored, yet shrank from approaching nearer: than they invited; but he discerned and encouraged me. Sometimes, by her invitational walked Inme with her, and every room I entered in her home became an indelible picture in my memory, in their literalness, their spirit, and all those beautiful phantoms that rise and He pounds their poi and c. itches the fish; she weaves the makrand hats, and has a baby once in a great while', after which latter event neither give much further thought as to its future. She is inordinately Jazy,and the counterpart ' of her lord ami master in this, a3 in his easy morals, m- rather, lack of anything like virtue. She beats' her husband, at' times, and he returns the happy compliment. In fact, things as to sex, are about as evenly divided as I ever .saw them in my lile. But she has virtues. beautiin a as She' has, rule, youth, ful form, wiili black liquid eyes and lovely hands. She doves yellow and scarlet, and is not particular as to how many shades of either or bjth appear on her at the same time. hen foi th f u r . ""S1i rri rrrfieTotnf-fmiidramiT-w a most fond, affectionate wife 4. them, making the hours beautiful. She will work very hard to help build the Often we took long walks together, and T of the family home, and is often the. treasurer ' to smile to myself when she seemed so . ,' j used concern. to love to tread upon the carpet of autumn She is very capable of taking on the refinea child might have smiled to leaves, just-a- s ments of civilized life, and is full of imitation walk adown some dimpled lope thick with and ingenuity. ; flowers. Then, how she gave loose rein to S'he is : an excellent irbuer and fair seamfancy and happiness, and how we enjoyed the 7. stress. t time, lingering once so long that we walked She has proven, as have her white sisters, the home by the full moon. most obedient to t heGospel call, and is ever After my marriage 1 saw less of iny- friend, : kind, hosnitable and and once, when I spoke of it regretfully, she There area very few types here of flue. answered: "Never mind, we understand each bear to as all, women, dignity, liiey stately other too well for time or absence to. make any d themselves with the air and grace of a difference in our feelings." ".' queen. Hannah T. King was known to thousands, She is suave and deceptive, kind and polite, who never had the pleasure of meeting her, by earnest and unstable, quick and unscrupulous, her pen. They knew her ability, integrity and intensely demonstrative and truckling. JJut with all, she is trying to raise her head powers; but only the near friends could know the greatness and the gentleness, the dignity from out of the gross darkness about her, and she calls upon you to aid and pray for her, for and the sweetness, yes, and the almost girlish' happiness .of her spirit. Upon the street, one she is our sister. .7 Homespun. meeting her would never have dreamed that the fresh, beautiful complexion, the undimme'd eye and the elegant figure, had known so many years of earthly life." Still young and HANNAH T. KING. beautiful in spirit, she has departed from us before we were prepared to. meet the thought the mounIt is earlv morningin October, of her loss. How happy must have been the tains are capped with the first sno.v; while meeting with those dear friends so lately gone their base and sides are gorgeous with autumn before her, and the reward for which she left The sky is coloring on the lingering green. ountry, home and friends. As though we beautiful and serene, the air delightful, tempt-iiiostood again Sunday afternoon in the outgoing one to a ramble. Year after year, this throng at the "gate of the Temple Bloek," let person, in particular, more than spring or summe repeat, asLshe used to with a smile, "We mer's beautv, ever reminds me of one herself, meet again in the ripe and glorious autumn of life. From she had Augusta Joyce Crocueeon. an ivory painting of herself, that South Bountiful, Oct. 20, 1886. shown me Iknow that the springtime of her . . -- ' -- If our lives have been replete With kind words nd wholesome actions, , Truly deatb'we will defeat In a glorious resurrection. v This is the way our Savior led,Suffered anguish, death and sorrow; It is said He blest the bed, And from this we comfort borrow. Perseverance! precious gift! Thereon hinges endless blessing, ' For some day it wiil uplift The possessor in the presence Of our Savior Jesus Christ, V And our allwise Heavenly Parent, With a great and glorious host Of just beings, holy, perfect. - wild-woo- - . . - -- Let us labor while it's day; Persevere while life's in session; Onward, upward is the way To accomplish well our mission. When we lay our bodies down , Broader views will spread before us, We will gain the victor's crown, With the just' we'll join in chorus. Oct. 6, 1887. ; ; - ' MAREN - ine som.v"question, which led to others, ' bollL as we. happened to spend our noon in the aslwvd -- Perseverance helps us gain " Victory from defeats unnumbered; It inspires and it sustains, While with mortal life we're cumbered; And, methinks, when life is done, When our span on earth is ended, And it 's said that we have.gone, O'er the mystic river wended, ; n-ij- 1 pertains not to the sod, It abounds with lofty pleasure. - responsible very heavy "labor, astie is, If .possible, more lazv .and less to be I on. and is not quite as ' . ' stout as hcr husba-nl-- - lder nuncios are oluiileTlllihHYrTn-Tidressis exceeding simphj, of a holoku and chemise. a (Mother Hubbard) (Gracious!1 ibr a good thing this is a woman's exclusive paper.) She swirm with quite as niuch ea , and .grace as her brother. flinging her bay on her back, she .swims' out to deej) holes,' where they are limbing for (ievil fish, and paddles round jbr halt', a day, turning 'over un her back to suckl4 Jier offspring. :! In the festive hula she is quite as agile and -vulgar as her male .companion. - She sings wit as much melodyT'at times, possessing an exquisite voiceami reserves .to herself the liberty toeing in a deep, double base sephulehral - - Perseverance cloth sustain; Trials only tend to strengthen, And each time some power we gain, - ' e rerseveranae precious! grand! .... me 1 Though dark the fierce flood that between us doth roll, We will meet in Q.ur heavenly home. . r -- , MITCIIEI.I. -- 