WOMAN'S EXPONENT. creeds of 'people, that has its only parallel in the . ifa ciuzen believes-iright for a man to have more than one living and undivorced wife at the same time, or to live in the practice of cohabit Avith more than one woman," this "shall be Joseph Smith, the founder of Mormonism, who, with his people, had been hunted out of Missouri by a mob of fanatics who murdered women and cause-o- ff ..JitUe.chjldren. Youn.gVelIs, with, that severely just American spirit whichn- dlstinguished'him, was furious at the inhuma- treatment which the wretched people had received. He was not a man of any sentiment, but the sight of the harmless Mormons liunted with bloodshed out of the townships which they had built up with honest industry by bands of vagabond bigots, made him so indignant that he extended to them all the protection his position enabled him to do. Again the Mormons established themselves, and again they were broken up by combinations and. fanatics. It was then that Daniel Wells threw in" his lot with the persecuted people. He took a leading part in the battle of Nauvoo, ahd his white charger is as familiar in Mormon chronicles as any other historical and, upon the of was he the surrender who.covered the city, it s war-hors- e; etreat mts, thnracrossi and manoeuvred thenver. iwer since men ne nas Deea a pillar of the Church; and the Americans will never forgive him for the part he look, under Brigham Young's of orders, as commander-in-chie- f troops when the Federals sent down an. army to coerce the Saints in .1857. Court and Society Re-the-Morm- , yiew.-- :; , October 14, 1886. -- . - London, England, on Saints' .Joseph Smith, Jun., the Latter-daFrophet,predicts, among many other occurrences, y the coming of a time when the Constitution of the United States- would be practically worthless because of a violation of its principles'that contending political parties might gain a temporary advantage, to make way. for .subversive expediencies, and to satisfy the clamor and unrighteous appetite ot a headstrong nation, ite predicted turtner, driven, persecuted, despoiled and y murdered under its protection, they would rescue and rehabilitate it, and offer an asyof all nalum to the oppressed and tions. The painful fulfillment of the greater por tion of this prophecy; stamps if. there were no other proof Joseph Smith gifted with almost divine foresight. And this I shall prove section . by section, article by article. and .though even-tuah- God-fearin- g THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment, of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.''". Every Act passed by Congress which- directly or indirectly affects the religious principle of Mormon' plural marriage is a clear and incontrovertible violation of this article of the Constitution. Polygamy is an integral part of the Mormon faith. It is a. sacrament. The United States', officers have themselves so declared it. Not only has the Constitution been infringed, butin order to justify the enactments against the Mormon faith, Congress has been compelled to declare that "Mormon" polygamy is not religion, and in Jhat very declaration have legislatively stated what is religion; for to say what is not is No emphatically 'to declare what is religion. power exists under the Constitution which gives the right to force Mormons to accept a system of marriage foreign and repugnant to their faith because it happens to be the'pet method of modern and existing Christianity. ... In clause 3, Sec. 9, Art. 1, we read,; says: - ' u NO BILL OF ATTAINDER OR EX POST FACTO LAW SHALL BE PASSED." But the Edmunds Law nf March. 1882, says that challenge-t- o -- any person drawn or summoned as a juror ortalesman." Thus, without even the farce of a truFa man is deprived of a right that belongs to him as a citizen. is the Constitution distinctly forbids. Moreover,-thEdmunds' Law forbids any polyg-ami- st voting at any election, . and declares him "ineligible for. election or appointment to any r li'-Fiacc oi puDiic trust, honor, or emolument ;"arid to carry this out Commissioners were appointed' who "reversing the presumption of law and declaring the whole population to be guilty, proceeded to' convict individuals by a test oath of their own fabrication,', and thus, without trial, they-af- e right, which Judge Black says is the .inalienable part of citizenship. It is both attain-- " der and ex paste facto, operating against those who entered polygamy long before opposing measures were ever dreW of. Section 8 of the Edmunds Law regarding the holding of offices is a most 7painfulnnd palpabte T mfracTTon oFthe sixth articleT by-coars- -This father,-andjiubje- e -, NO PERSON of-life the United States."- Article VI. of Amendments provides that . ''IX ALL CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and and public trial by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been JUDGE BLACK, THE GREATEST DEMOCRATIC STITUTIONAL LAWYER OF HIS AGE, CON- - referring to this act in a speech before the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, effect February 1, 1883, predicted: "To carry into the laws already passed, it is necessary and proper that" you should have a police force composed of themselves spies and delators, who will thrust of allfamilies; into the kitchens and will watch them at employ eavesdroppers, who kevholes and windows; or .in default of that", a committee of change the rules of evidence (as the Senate has actually proposed), and compel.the lawful husband and wife to testify against one another in contemptuous defiance of the great the sanctities of. the principles which protect f imilv. and lie at the basis of civil society." This not j warning has been realized to the very letter, wife to the lawful only as to spies, but to forcing , scarcely & utV ttifVJ fltra a nst the IiusDana. tUAnoc nnf witness tne OeLTaUini: luinimicm. ui the Mr.- Black's ptediclion; against' this, also, bed-chambe- - ' FOR THE SAME Ol'FKXCK SHALL put "in "jeopardy 9r limb," But Lorenzo Snow was three times convicted forthe one offense, unlawful cohabitation. TITe only proof against him was furnished by himself, wherein lie adrmTtedT" having more than one woman to be entitled to the name of wife. He had never violated the Ed- munds Law. That was distinctly proven. Yet, he is now suffering'impLison'ment under three convictions, for the same By a system of if a man with live two women as his segregation, iwives for one: month, according to the rulings of the lesser and sanclion of the higher Courts, he may be convicted, in the discretion of the court for an offence for every hour. Thus, allowing thirty days in "the month, a man could be sent to jail for a period of 360 years, and be fined ,34,200 whereas the lawputs the extreme penalty at six months' imprisonment '"'and' (k fine. Besides, this action necessarily involves the infraction of still another constitutional principle (Article 8 of the amendments) that "excessive iies" ''shall, not be imposed, "nor cruel and unusual punishments of the Constitutional. Amend- ments. "No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under al cted hKjTWICE ana.tmrcl clause committed." This provision the fifth section of the Edmunds Bill contravenes by excluding from a jury any man who may even believe it right for another to have two wives living and undivorced at the same time; and as there are, notoriously, only two classes in Utah Mormons, and those who hate them heartily an impartial jury is an absolute impossibility. As a result, the arrest of a Mormon is equivalent to conviction. Proof of the act which consummates marriage is not necessary If a man has lived apart from his to conviction. wives for an indefinite period, but fails Jto disown them, he is convicted. Marshal Fred Dubois, of Idaho Territory, admitted under oath, before the Court of which he was an important officer, that he had made use of the language here given: "I have now got a jury that will convict every Mormon brought before it on a charge of unlawful habitation, innocent or guilty. It would convict Jesus Christ himself if he were brought into Court on that charge." The crusade is a religious oney in every respect. It is not only unconstitutional, k but the United States' Su but preme Court has sustained and continues to sustain these fatal violations of the Constitution. e . ofa . HAVE THE MORMONS ANY RIGHTS? fourth article of the Constitution stands: It provides that "The right of the people lo be secure in their personshouses, papers, and effects Against, "unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be i e k worn e n a n cl t e nder viol ated." : : chihlren,"at all hours aof, the, day .and night, are dragged and vulgar officers from their beds, forced to give evidence against to such vile and indecent questionas would cause the blush of, shame to mount-t- o ings the check of a 'libertine; and this, too, in open Court, before 'vukarmobs,' by the demand of the . . .v.. i puuuc prosecutor, anu wnn me countenance anu sanction of the judge. It is impossible that Englishmen could comprehend' the infamous depth to .which the prostitution of justice has gone in America where the Mormons are concerned. Article '2 of the 'Amendment says - t Cazi of Eastern cities. When thus rapidly rising to place and power, he came into contact with - 109 firsrpartof this article reads Ex- cessive, bail shall not be required." Yet Geo. 0. Cannon, one of the first Presidency of f heXhurch, wasarrestcdunder three iadictments for unlawful" cohabitation. If, on trial, he wer.e convicted, and thecxtreme penalty which the laW provides were indicted, he could have been imprisoned for eighteen months and fined 180. He demanded to be admitted to bail, but before being released the judge required him to furnish the unimpeachable security 'tothe sum of 9,000. The customary bail in cases of manslaughter, assaults, and -- forgery 3QO4utrlecausc-of-his-prominenc- e, Mr. Cannon had to give 9,000. The Constitution says: "Excessive bail shall not be required." And this is a cbuntry where liberal and freedom are the basis upon which the Constitution and Government are founded : ' and where all men are equal! THE MORMONS, , . . though citizens of the United States, ARE ALLOWED NO MILITIA. The legislation against them is special and class; the rules of evidence have been outrageously perverted destroyed; the fundamental islargcly' denied right of local them; attempts are being made to rob and despoil .them as a religious community, and this with the weight of sanction which the United States Congress gives, arul to deprive them of the last vestige of citizenship; the organic law which the parent Government gave them has by that authoris are imposed, ty been viciously violated; no constitutional provision behind which they could take the slightest refuge.has been respected. They are harassed, and worried, and hounded, and t i ji r incapable, character, by a set self-governme- nt test-oath- ...v, 1 