, , ' . f , - - T- """" W 1:1! w V - W Vol.- 15. SALT LAKE CITY, - AN ANGEL VISIT. AFFECTIONATELY DKHICATEI) TO NKLLlE's" MOTHER, ,;. her with a smile as. sweet- - As angel ever wore; And in. her arms, with tenderost love, A beauteous child "she bore. her voice was music soft. thought to takeher hand in mine, Her lips with mine to touch; But something told me to withhold, And not presume too much. iniAlvxoVIini'i lJrl perhaps, - cesT)' . . ls ve 1- - brought, Thank God! that o'er this dark, cold world ' Some beams of light are thrown, Fairer than those which form the day, And to all eyes are shown. Thank God! that we, through faithfulness, A portion may receive; . ' Like our 'dear Nellie, never more To suffer or to grieve. .- mi-ta- " ; '. - rose-bud- Lit, a. POET8 AND POETRY. BISHOP ORSON F. WHITNEY. A lecture delivered before the Teacher's Institute of Salt Lake County, in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Wednesday evening, June 23, 1886. President, Professors, and Ladies and Gentlemen: In an age and - world given up to the rush and roar of the miracles railway's, steam-shipof machinery and other mighty when practicalities, things regarded as theoretical or purely ideal are looked upon with comparative indifference and are at a discount a the popular mind, the mission of the poet is ""t.u nave its utility gravely quesuoueu. What i3 the poet good for? and' what is the good of poetry? are queries that have doubtless pitted through many a mind, imbued with the ldea that is useful which does not in nothing some way increase man's material wealth or minister to his temporal heeds. J-- answer, ki part, these queries, and refute o J f ' verse-maKing- , "- -- And still resounded through my soul, Her voice so low and clear. s, . - 19 -- drop'd my gaze to hide the thought, - '." p-i- is-m- My angel guest was gone. g No. 11. (1 .d.-fincs- Or have it quite withdrawn; And whe$ I raised my eyes again labor-savin- i ims sordid and all too, praciic.il argument, will eommeneement. exerci-r- s of the University. bo the of purpose :lv present effuVt. And with Jt was an eay on ,tlie "Iniluenee of Passion' an audience like this, willing to be" and by one of the young graduates. Not two lines alriuidy-convincthe. t a 'Ol'ii rhytned. together, nor"was itwritten with ins minion in the world, and tint thV world would any apparent .regard to the rules of metrical do well to give hiiu, afcTeast,a hearrespectful composition, but it was nevertheless, no very dillieuU ta:L, .t, ing, and the pen that wrote it was wielded by a I am satisfied that' much of ihe 'prejudice vet, or.on;: gittcd with poetic ability. ve nmt not uiHtase lh! truit- of against poets, and the distaste for poetry "which exhts--m this pro?aieage,are. due; Fii'rirvly" to cilher, for the tree itself. What is commonly misapprehension.' Only those who arc ignorant called poetry that which,. we read or hear" of what poetry meatis, will' k thy question; spoken -- is the blossom and fruit of poetry, or what is it good lor? This is trup of two cL'sh s, more properly, speaking, of. poesy. Poesy is thoso who have nj poetry, orrery littlad it, the gift, poetry the expression of the gift; in their natures; and .those stream that issues are brimful. of poesy is the fount, poetry the ' it. from poetry tttntTTTrnt .know it; ,v)io are ra'Hy of appreciating It,. and only iwefl.enfiluen'-- . Says too oet Coleridge: "Poe,try is the ru,wAttr ing itrorcltr to enjoy to the iulkst extent' yc: IjlossiJlii and ti,aTiiJierl of nl! hnm-thondit--hnnia?i human fragraifce and beauty ?f this flower, phicktd ' - mission.) j VlllVlVilit' from the gardens of Paradise and. tlirown to iangnage: earth ' to delight the senses and n IVtsh t Another writer it at greater length in these. words: of all lovers of the beautiAil and refined. , "The gentle stillness, eloquent a of belief It spring4i;ne evening, when, with heart ut- thatjuapy persons who think they didHkepoetry are I'i'aliy poetical in their luneo to ino glories oi tne twilight scene, we iudubtcdto it more than they lir ten en raptu red to the closing song of busy natures, and are ' nature, hushing to repose this is poetry! imagine, for the may-ha"The coming "storm, preceded by the rushing achieved, even in practicaHrarsuits, and for wind ; ;j;l,..daLlahg.rylxLpp.r)achijigr-;lou(l8p rihenjoymentwhich their lives have-- afforded- . canned with the flashing, dartin 2 li'ditnintr. them. JSotably is this the case with many witn ihe lov,' muttering, and anon the' deep public S)eakers, who owe to the poetic vein-o- f toned thunuer commg nearer and nearer in its their., natures which theyTierclianee 'lightly , i? il. . ......"..1 l mu l'jver oi uwiui gummjuo iu 4l... esteem or entirely ignore the purity of dic in grauu "' is and this sublime, "of cm poetry! .utter tion, magnetism, otiori, and power of the moonlight night, "Ihe the minds whicii with quiet and silvery ance tiit;y sway when we wander amid the jessamines and roses, Where there is hearts of the multitude. with ouF darling, whisperimr words of love, no poetry there can be little or no cloqiieiice. Js aiHHireaininrt-tiicrTirturetiiiJ poetry! ' The commonest error made by many in 're" lne miunignr nour in me attic, wiien, lation to poetry, is that it consols, stm ply in tne casket or through the crevices of the roof and windows, iiiey meter and rhyme for the jewel of thought we catch glimpses of the flashing lightning, and listen, slumber Jind. dream to f ho mii.eiVnf which it encloses, and perhaps in many inme i)aiternig lam urops on xne rooi tins is stances, after close investigation, they 'have ' found the casket empty, and turned away poetry! "The roaring cataract, the silvery rivulet, with feelings of disappointment and disgust.; the towering mountain, the dark ravine, the Thenceforth, all rhymes- were, to them poetry, , the cherub child, the waving and all poetry trash and sentimental nonsense. opening grain, the modest .violet all breathe the music Perhaps upon the worst specimens of (doggerel of poetry! tliat could be selected, they have based their " h e . gen tl e, r thn 1 ht- i- m: n ti f u - f ng cstimatiorTofttf soiig.r News-- ' the kettle the of for hand, tea,: pressure siugiug paper warblings on "Spring," "Snow," ".Fallen the of wife the husband and on joyous meeting Leaves," "Did you Lver Call Mo Darling," the return from labor at th the twilight hour, and other hackneyed or effeminate themes, is kiss this all the smile, poetry!' they have classed with the divine, epics of V "It flashes in the it blossoms on the sky, Milton and Homer-- the croak ot a frog in music in the air, delighting breathes it earth, the marsh has sounded as sweet to them as th e-eyey filling thesoul" charming thear,-an- d "nf tho. ni'ditincraie m the forest:' and the nncr O O cJ is poetry! ineffable this all with happiness half . brother to the brav of the lonc-care"To appreciate,, to comprehend, and to in"horse ha3 been to them no. less lofty and soul- terpret this golden sunny halo of beauty, is the v inspiring than the roar of aiion. gift of the poet.-- ' : Furthermore, poetry, as expressed in verse, If these are correct definitions and who like all other arts and sciences, has its 'techniwill doubt it? what must be the state of that U The-prooften se reader calities. puzzled by mind which really hates poetry, and has no its transpositions, its contractions, ellipses, and wi thin it? . . poetry ne other poetic licenses and rhetorical figures, 'Says DK Holland: "All that i? grand and ana comparativecessary to rhythm and style, good, all that is heroic and unselfish, all that is And as. in composition. unknown ordinary ly pure and true, all that is firm and strong, these require -- samestudy - to- - overcome-,- the all that is beautiful and harmonious, is essen' " mind naturally : tires unless the mauccraeuo poetical."tially to to proceed is greater than: the temptation says Coleridge; "has been to me desist and turns in impatient preference to its own exceeding great re ward,Mt has given the easier forms of prose. This may be one me the habit of wishing to discover the good reason why poetry, even of-- superior order 4& and T.'eautifurm'ndr. ""that meets and surrounds ' not pleasing to some. me. Azzm I ask- - what must be the condition But all Doetrv,. it must be remembered, is of that mind which hates poetry, and has na not written in verse or rhyme. I heard a very admiration for, or sympathy with, the good, the noem read a few weeks ince,at the hpsmtiful ' r i lie-sou- She smiled a brighter smile; And moved her liea'd as if to say, Not yet, but wait awhile! ' ' . 'J Xm. - Ah! was it hidden then so well? 'Mr.'- of ail 1 Then I. remembered some great things, Our Father hath revealed; ' And though I longed to clasp her form The wish I kept concealed. r f ;i-- I But the sweet influence which she Still gently lingered near; 1 5 - Upon one arm she held her babe, The other hand she raised; .And said, "Tor all that I have known, God's TCtmcrand power LtTpraSedT15 BY & em No'sigrTof pain was giveii; She told me what a blessed thing It is to live in hea ven. I 1 ' 'oJhcWomcn ed -- .? vv t She spoke, f'ti ) ";,V V? -t- I saw V"; 1- 1 1 ac-er-- 1 r -th- -- d " j - - : " 1 