difinn nf fi Afiflnniationa throughout the stake. Presidents" Anna Hansen, -A- my-JIadsen, Eliza Davis and others offered interesting and spirited remarks filled with advice and exhortations to the young girls to tread the path of Tirtue and be loyal to the principles of truth. The following subjects, "The Art of Conversation," by Lydia S. Pierce; "Fashion and Dress," Coun. Freddie Widcrborg; "Association of -- Jhe Sexes' Coun. Hattie Jensen; "Deportment -t iu uiavto k iiumuii) Ettie Madsen; the to Priesthood," "Obedience Phena Madsen.were treat-- . and "Politeness," - by and t n f ol I fYOTl f hl. l m nnaalrrn cuJ uj)uu -iu.au awic, ilujjii-oo- i yj uu iuhvuvu. manner; quotations from reliable authors were cited and the virtues and evils of the different fPAfnrM'nf thcuQ fiiibiects dwelt unon bv the 1 7 - rjtaacio, Bro. N. P. Anderson, Stake Prest. of the Af Af T. A thon nr1rfjipr Sisters?J tftS-- V . a vwv. thr M . v.'u tified that lhe Spirit of the Lord had been present. He spoke of the principle of virtue, and considered it one of the greatest guts given to us in the world since it is eternal, we should remember that our actions are also .eternal. He asked Ubd s help to assist us in -- practising the instructions given. Singing. Conference Benediction. adjourned for threo v v months. A commendable interest in he work of Improvement is noticable, particularly among the officers of our association here, who are indeed, . . l 7ir l "laoonng witn tneir mignt in its cause Ttt 1 1 . ; " . Respectfully, . Annie N. liowRiNG, Cor. Sec. The most novel innovation of pr ison disci pline ever recognized in the Michigan State when the "Mikado"was Prison occurred given in the prison chapel, r'with. 500 convicts for an, audience. 1 he scheme was originated and carried out by Gen. A. H. Whitington of the Whitington-CooleManufacturing Com- to-da- y y their convict laborers. The prisoners were al lowed to, talk and give vent to their joy and a more enthusiastic audience never greeted a theatre company. No little unfavorable com- Mrs. Juiia Romana Anagnos, wife of Michael Anagnos and eldest child of the late Dr. Samuel G. and Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, died at her home last evening. She was born.' in Rome, Italy, in 1844; Mrs. Anagnos was a woman of a broad intellectual mind and a clever writer, A volume of her poems "Stray Chords," was published in 1883. Three years ago she founded in Boston the Metaphysical Club. The best modern thinkers were attracted to it by its expositors of thought. In her early womanhood she was married to Michael Anagnos, a Greek philanthropist who is the Superintendent of the Perkins Institution. for the Blind while at the same: time the -cellar where the potatoes are Treatment of Burns by Boracic Acid Oi.Mr. C. J Bond. F. R. C. S.. sunrton to the Leicester Infirmary ' of powdered says, ' I have found that eighteen grains boracic acid, dissolved in a drachm of hot glycerine and forms a kind of imperfact added to an ounce of olive-oi-l. emulsion, the glycerine retaining the acid m solution when cold. This can be easily shaken up with the oil. This -- with, for instance, carron-oil.- getic member of the Relief Society, and acted as Secretary of the ward for a number of years, also as Stake Secretary. She died in full faith of the Gospel, and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. in Goshen, Utah Co., February, 1886, "jenkmsralso" at Goshen, M arch, 1 886 Eugene Died, Annie "Yurocnionc aciu auuiea witn four parts of water; then wash with clean water. If the stone is marble, use oxalic acid in solution of water. "vuiu ntvci uc Kepi in me same cellar, or, unavoidable, the potatoes should be kept in the warmest part of the cellar, and the barrels of apples, well heaped up; near the windows, where, on days . when the air outside i only a few degrees above freezing, they oan be treated to a cold bresr- - from the open, windowi, .i.vj.iiuuiuiuw if this is to 38 k s Old Constitution Building, Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, Taylor, both members of the Goshen Primary Association. Touching resolution? of respect were read before the Association, and it was ordered that a copy be presented to the parents of each of .the deceased; and also preserved on the pages of the records of the Association. WVhave Just laid to rest a dear sijter Ellen Vaiv Buren Snowa faithful and devoted wife, a patient and loving mother, one whose name was on every donation list. She never failed to respond to the call for contribution, was a member of the Relief Society, and a true Latter-da- y Saint, She leaves many friends, a sorrowing mother, a doting husband and eight little darlings to mourn for and miss her. She was born in Missouri, in 1846, amid the persecutions and exodus of the Saints, where she early lost her father, The mother brought her family to the valleys, and reared them to the best of her ability. Wishing long life and prosperity to the EXPONENT and all its friends, I remain, A Member of the R. S. ESTAjBUSHED OCTOBER, 1888. - Died, at her home in the 4th Ward, Salt Lake City, Feb. lath, i886,.Mary Bundy, aged eighty-thre- e years and three months, relict nf the late George Bundy. Having no children of her own, she adopted two children of her brother's Job and Ann Smith theirmother dying when the latter was an infant. She was baptized in the year 1840, by Brother Woodruff, at the time the whole society called the "United Brethren" received the Gospel. She left her native land March 8th, 1843, and arrived in Nati-vo- o May 31st, and was there through all the pers ecutions of the Saints and the martyrdom of the Prophets, with whom she was well acquainted; traveled and camped with the Saints on-- the banks of the Missouri River, where, through privation, her husband contracted the disease called the black scurvy, and was thereby deprived of the use of his limbs for two years. They started for the valley in the spring of 1848, at which time he was using crutches, which obliged her to drive and attend her own cows and oxen. They traveled the entire distance from Nauvoo to Salt Lake in a wagon made entirely of wood, the felloes being wrapped with raw hide. She died firm in the faith of the - Gospel with the hope of a glorious resurrection. MILLINERY. umiums 0- Died, at Midway, Wasatch CoM Feb. 9th, x886, Sister Mary Bronson, after a lingering illness. She was art ener- Julitnnt Potatoes. Peel, wash and cut like matches Jhree medium-sire- d potatoesi dryjlhem in a towel and fry 'j T7tauli. OBITUARIES. F. Auerbach & Bro. on stone may be partially removed in ". Powdered rice is said to have a great effect in stopping bleeding from fresh wounds. st Id. TJee w "and non-irritat- HOUSEHOLD HINTS! The stains of iron-ru- ILTo-- 25,000 ' doubly antiseptic dressing, and -- with a layer. of b4irasreatedthus,-aikl--xovered antiseptic wool, require to be disturbed but seldom, and, it not perfectly aseptic, are far 'sweeter than when dressed makes a extensive " in very hot lard; drain, sprinkle salt over them while shaking in the pan, and serve. ThD Sewing Machine of the Age! - ' degrees. atmospiitu "in tke part of the kept does not fall below forty A Fall and Complete Stock ot Spring and Summer Goods IND UDIES DRESS TRIMMINGS. Er CALL AND EXAMINE. J' r : '" ' iii DA.VID TAME3 M CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER A STEAM FITTERS "Xpf f0r RlLM8EY,S celebrated LIFTand FORCE Pumps Repaired on short noticed Orders from the country promptly responded to. VAUmi, tlftt JAtftt, In 5:5, zm UIIUjI. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERSOF Dry Goods, (lotions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT COT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE-- . MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, TORE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. tT W carry a larger and more compJeta Stock than any house la the wear. H. 8. ELDREDCE. Supt Special to the Ladies. TEASDEL Will be found the lateit styles and pioduotlons in ruches, embroderies, laces, " fans; gloves, parasols, ribbons, collars, ties, And an elegant assortmenf of IDKIT C3-003D- S: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 113 East TempU Etrttt. In-ant- 's - 