WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 184 -your teeth in good order.be carefutof your diet" and brush your teeth with a little borax and water night, and morning. Also have the decayed teeth filled or extracted, as' they are a source of injury to the others. To make tea to perfection, boiling water must be poured on the leaves directly it boils. Water which has been boiling more than five minutes, or which has previously foiled, should on no account be used. If the water docs oue. We should expect trials, for they are necessary to keep ua in. theiright track. man-mer Bfo. James Allen showed in a forcible the necessity of each one living up to hi duties and privileges, that we may havfi a good record to show on earth and in heaven. Bro. C. Hakes said he bad been reflecting upoiUJielcirciimstane a people, and thought the principle of religious liberty was being pretty well tested. Our brethrdnwere beirrg imprisoned or driven into exile for their religious belief, contrary to the Constitution, and the government is violating its principles in regard to our people. The Lord has spoken and revealed His will to U3, and we are called upon to obey it We should watch ourselves and pray for strength to resist ' every evil influence. xro. xieiiry ivogers ua.u lei i, jjj iuc iu nsicu', ing to the remarks and testimonies of the brethren and sisters. He had been reflecting women of Utah." o(mrrrrm(r tWdown-trodtleHead the account of the. Ladies' Mass Meeting in Salt Lake; hear their 'appeals, defense bold of their their noble patriotism,; n'ht. does this look like oppression? lie felt Saint. The ita blessed thing io be a Latter-dawheat and tares should crow together untiLtlio harvest." We were right where the Lord wanted us to be where we could have an op- portunity of doing good to the natives. The speaker asked God's blessing upon those who were laboring so faithfully amongst them. Prest. E. G. McDonald felt that we had received some excellent teaching, and hoped we would profit by it. Let us not judge each own other harshly, but let us examine-ou- r hearts and see if they are right, and strive to overcome pur weaknesses: Let those who are -called to be teachers, go forth in the spirit of their calling, that they may be p blessing and benefit to those they are called to visit. Sisters, lei us never speaK against me principle or celestial marriage. Let us eustain every true principle that js 'consonant with our holy . -nTbolTronrtrt)eTtlawed torovcrboilrihe leave7f-tli-te- a N"br in m z.v r Snow Pudding. Pour one pint of cold water on a half box of "Coe's" gehtinc, set this into boiling water until . dissolved. Add to this two cups of sugar, and the juice of twQlemoms. When nearly cold add the whites of two eggsbeaten to a stiff froth, beat .altogether until very light, or thick. Put into a glas3dish, make a soft custard of the yokes of the eggs, one pint of milk and two tablespoons of sugar. Set to cool, and just before serving pour . the custard over the snow or around it. . CURE-FOR-DIPIITHER- as.; diph-thcri- .y, J3 rr m- - ? S - - Old Constitution Building, CITYr KE ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, iti Ofl -- 9 1868.- - 8 - Jl fl SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMI'URTERS AND JOBBERS OF Class in Obstetrics. Iff GoodSjHotions, Groceries Will commence a Class in Obstetrics on May 3d, 188 G, at 2 p.m., at her Oflice, No. 1G Main Street. TUITION, psr term, - - - $10.00, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, - . Dr. Shipp's office hours are from IO a. m., to 5 p. m. Her residence is 34 Seventh East Street. The doctor has given special study to Obstetrics and Women's Diseases. ; - GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT COT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL - - F.'Auerbach Hakes. M. Pomeroy, Sec GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Spring and Summer Goods Caie.'The whites of three eggs, one cup of white sugar, a half a cup of butter, a half cup of sweet milk, two teaspoons of baking powder. ' IV kite HKD 23T CALL Pearl Cake Three cups of flour, two. cups of sugar, one cup of butter, one cup of milk, whites of five eggs, baking powder, flavor with bitter almonds. LADIES DRESS TRMINGS. tSjr- AND EXAMINE. . BOOKS BY ELIZA R, SNOW. and shake it from the window. To Clean Boitles.'PvA into the bottle some kernels of orn, a tablespoonful of ashes, pour it halt full of water, and after a vigorous shaking you will find the as as new. bttl good PRIMARY SPEAKER, Nos. 1 apd 2, - 25c. per copy MUSIC BOOK for Primary Hymn Book, 40c. ... POEMS, by E.R. Snow, Vol. 1, " Vol. 2, containing steel engrarlng$1.00 of the author, bound in morocco, 1.25 " CORRESPONDENCE OF PALESTINE TOURISTS, with steel engravings of George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, bound in cloth, $1.25, in morocco, - 1.50 " g k, l, c, " ZDJSJVTID 6c CO., AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest styles and productions in . tJTL'Aztu, JLHZ2, Box 306, SALT LA12 CUT. ' " LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of DBY -- Asent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMP3. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders front the country promptly responded to. S. ELDREDCE, Supt. Special to the Ladies. TINNERS, CAS.WATES & STEAfcl FITTERS 1 - We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any Lous In the west. far Sai.'at mmilm. Don't flirt ; dirt from one price of furniture to another and call it dusting, but take it up carefully in a dusting-clot- h ' ; CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL MILLINERY, HOUSEHOLD HINTS. ; CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, & Brb. A Fall and'Jompleta Stock of TOOLS AND IMPLE- - MENTs, . gum-arabi- - m omtic SALT-LA- say-tw- sel and encouragement to those who listened, to her. Our hearts were filled with thankfulness, that we once more had our beloved President with us, who had so recently recovered from a severe illness, from which, atone time, there was but little prospect of her recovery, find rmrwl mirs. and xTiraver faith but .through " e o J she was ing, again'with us, and we appreciated ; the blessing. Conference adjourned for three months by singing, "Lord dismiss us," etc. Prayer by C. For a harness blacking, use bone-blacfour ounces; linseed-oitwo ounces; sulphuric acid, half an ounce; one ounce; vinegar, one' treacle, two ounces; ' pint. To Clean Cashmere.-rl&V- t three large spoonfuls of beef gall to a pailful of water, put in the cloth and wash," then put it in warm water to rinse. Take out without wringing. Let it drain, and fold it down to iron before it dries. Decay of the teeth has three chief causes: weakness of constitution, indigestion, and lack of cleanliness; so keep ' - Main Street, .33 a. . "lite- ; IAr Dr. Delthil, a French physician, has discovered that the vapors of liquid tar and turpentine dissolve the fibrinous exudations which choke up the throat in croup and He pours equal parts of turpentine and liquid tar, o tablespoonfulsof each, into a tin pan or cup ani sets fire to the mixture. A dens resinous smoke arises which obscures the" air of the room. "The patient,' says Dr. Delthil, ''immediately seems to experience relief, the choking and rattling stop, the patient falls into. a slumber' and seems to inhale iha: smoke with pleasure. The fibrinous" membrane soon becomes detached, microbes are coughed up; these when' caught in a glass, may be seen to dissolve in the smoke. - In. the course of three days afterward the patient entirely recovers." It is claimed that the experiment has been successfully tried in this country, and. certainly it is so simple and harmless as to recommend itself for trial. Even if .it failed to do good, it could assuredly be productive "of no harm. cj was replete with good coun- and-rincin- ' ',X1a-- XTtali. " . y Sarah r? In T7se The water should be allowed Jo remain' o;i the n Her discourse 5,DOO . leaves from ten to fifteen minutes." -- goul-KtirrTn- The Sewing Machine of the Age! will be only half opened,' and the tea itself will be quite spoiled. J ..: . Or OO X) S : Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. I 112, 114, 116, 118 East Tempi In-an- t's Street, 