WOMAN'S 149 exponent; sVr r . Do vThe Saints were loyal citizens, industrious apf; .tnminai case invoiviner me nDcitv ot tier nus- band in and is face of a her own tell earnest were but said me,", she protest, please being oppressed because they honest, imploringly. violation of laws which those officials have sworn I -' be an to Presi"To class. The frank, then," answered, "let me first unpopular they belonged to uphold, is contrary to precedent and usage for tell you how I think you mismanage yours. You fairness for dent of the United States asked-fo- r many centuries, and is an invasion of family go to work on his face and ears as though you husband and , the Chinese, but had neverasked justice for the rights and of that Wife which both law and religion have held sacred were scrubbing a floor or polishing "a brass bucket. Under the nation's law, the seducer r! "Mormons." from time immemorial. Do you not suppose it hurts him very much? It and destroyer had no fear of a deputy, as "birds ' we express our profound apThat Resolved, would me." of a feather flocked together." But honorable exhibited moral the of courage by preciation "Mormons" were dogged and watched by "spotSenators Call, Morgan, Teller,. Brown and others, 1 "Well, but. I "must get the dirt off from: him. and also by Mrs. Belva H;v Lockwood, who in iwhile I'm about it," she said with a faint smile. ters," and these acts were approved by Americans. face of almost overwhelming prejudice, have the 'It does not require SHch rubbing and digging She had felt that America was an asylum for all the people defended the constitutional rights ' as that, though," I responded. "If mine were so in the ' but theMormons." They-wer- e of Utah. "same position as the American patriots 1 26 years e, Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt thanks "very dirty I would put water on. and let them to the Association ladies till of the Woman Suffrage the dirt would come off easily." ago. England oppressed the patriots, and refused in assembled and unite that in Boston, praying I "But can't spend time for that," she said. redress'tkey took their liberty by force of arms. God may speed the when both men and day " Their descendents are now the oppressors, and women shall shake from their shoulders the "It 'would take but little if any more of your yoke the "Mormons" the oppressed. And now these of tyranny. time, and not nearly so much of your strength as , the struggle you have just been having; besides, Resolved, That we call upon the wives and chains of tyranny were to be welded closer by mothers to our of to the United States come help it would be teaching your child to be more gentley taking from thejvomen of Utah, the ballot, which in resisting these encroachments upon our liberand "more willing to yield to your wishes," I exthey had never used t but in the promotion of ties and these outrages upon our peaceful homes and family relations, and that a committee be honor, virtue, and good to all. May the day never plained. And then I told her how, when bathing the this memoralize at come when they will be deprived of the ballot. appointed meeting to my little ones, I tried to give my mind to it, and President in Slates the and United of Congress make the task as agreeable as possible,' both to The nation should call a halt and remember vox relation to our wrongs, and to take all necessary them and myself, never missing an opportunity for Populi, vox Dei. There will come a day when measures to present our "views and feelings to the those engaged in this crusade will bitterly repent jnstruclingthem.x)n-anyprinciple-tb- at might be contrary, ..... To be'eoutinued. their treatment of the "Mormons," which is unbrought up in our conversation, and wound up by justifiable. The "Mormons," would adherer to. relating a pleasing Saturday morning's experience! their religion, which was from; God. Test oaths which occurred with myself and my little boys a NOTES. EDITORIAL . few weeks since. . would not move them. The enemies of ;.; . desired to sweep it from the face of the The young mother wasdelighted with my story, A selection from Mrs. Augusta Joyce I gave somewhat in the form of a' dialogue,, but the work which was earth; God's, and they could Deseret-warecited f s in " - not do it. : and being a great admirer of the Woman's Exone of the high schools of Hamilton Co., 0. The committee on resolutions reported the folponent, she insisted that I ought to write it for The present issue of the Exponent is for that paper, that it might be a benefit to many lowing, which were unanimously adopted. unavoidable reasons several days late. We are others like herself; and so, acting upon her sug- PREAMBLE AND RESOLUTIONSFIE-VOM-l gestion, here it is: cohfidenfThoweverylhat our readers "wTir excuse OF UTAH IN MASS MEETING ASSEMBLED: obthe delaywhenthey recognize our desire to ' ' SATURDAY MORNING. tain as as Mass much the of Meeting, proceedings Whereas, The rights and liberties of women are Willie, (in the bath) "I don't want my head possible. placed in jeopardy Dy the present cruel and inhuman proceedings in the Utah courts, and in the The Legislative Assembly of Utah, which has washed, mother."! in measure to the Mother. "Oh yes ; your head needs to be contemplated Congress deprive nearly finished the allotted term of its biennial women voters in Utah of the elective franchise; clean, as well as the rest otyour body. You can't and,' session, has so far received for its labor nothing so well if it is not. Don't you know that think Whereas, Womanhood is outraged by the comexecutive disapproval of every bill on except when your eyes are not washed clean" you can't pulsion used in the courts of Utah to force -- which the Governor-h- as deigned to make a reply mothers on pain of imprisonment to disclose their see so well as you can when they are?" at all; and in nearly every case he has coupled personal condition ana that of their friends in reWillie. "Yes, ma'am." his veto with railing accusation against and delation to anticipated maternity, and to give informaMother. ."Well, when your head is not washed tion as to the fathers of their children; and, liberate insult to the people and their representaand Whereas These violations of decency have now tives. What a clean, you cannot think so well, either." on American institutions burlesque reached the length of compelling legal wives to Willie, (wonderingly). "Do we think with our that one stupid official, because enveloped in the testify against tneir husbands without their con hair?" , sent, in violation both of written statutes and the mantle of executive authority, can defeat the will Mother, (laughingly). ,"No ! In thinking we of a whole community! provisions of the common law, therefore, be it use our brains, and the brain lies just under the Resolved, By the women of Utah in mass meetthat coning assembled, the; suffrage, .originallyx scalp, which is the covering to the head. The ferred upon us as a political privilege, has become The Stake Secretaries of Y. L. M. I. A. will hair does not sense anything. You know when a vested right by possession and usage for fifteen please forward reports as quickly as possibleto : :r your hair is cut you do not feel it." years, and that we protest against being deprived Lake M. Louie Salt Office, Exponent feel Wells, don't it when Willie. "I hair is cut,but of that right without process of law, and for no my r:-r7TUtah. 4 other reason than that we do not vote to suit our it City, hurts." is it when 7 pulled ' Elmina S. Taylor, Prest. political opponents. "It hurts you, but it is your head that Mother, " Resolved, That we emphatically deny the charge LotJiE M. Wells, Sec. feels the hurt, not your hair. I have rubbed your that we vote otherwise than according to our own will The Relief Society cbnfere.nce of this Stake head well, now you must keep your eyes shut free choice, and point to the ,fact that the ballot is in as we that Utah in are secret be the held March while I wash off the soap." proproof 18th, 1886, absolutely . onxThursday, tected in voting for whom and what we choose Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, commencing at Willie. "I'll keep my eyes shut and mv mouth. with perfect liberty. 10 o'clocka. in." A full attendance's particularly too." Resolved, That as no wife of a polygamist, legal Mother. "That's right. Now I'll dip the cloth or plural, is permitted to vote under the laws of requested. M. I. Horne, Prest., the United States to deprive in cold water, and rince your head and neck, so women of the suffrage, is high-han- d Sec. E. oppression Howard, you will not take cold." for which no valid excuse can De offered. Willie. "All right; I'll be brave and not hoResolved, That the questions concerning their ' llow." OUR CHILDREN. personal condition, the relationship they bear to men marked down as victims to special law, and Mother. "That's a good boy. I'll wipe your the paternity of their born and unborn children head and hair as dry as I can with a warm towel, I felt sorry for a young mother, and her chubby which have been put to women before grand juries e passing .especially about your ears, and you must not go and in open courts i n .Utah, are an insult to pure ;urchin,too,:;whomI. happened womanhood, an outrage upon the sensitive feelthrough the trying ordeal of getting the child's out into the wintry air until they are quite dry. ings df our sex and a disgrace to officers and There, now my little boys are all bathed, and are face washed. The little one was in open rebellion, judges who have propounded and enforced them. kicking and screaming, while his mother scrubbed t clean and sweet." Resolved, That we honor those noble women who, Lee. "Now won't you please read to us from away at his face and ears with great diligence, at standing upon their rights and refusing to reply to improper and insulting questions such as no the same time scolding and threatening him in an the. Instructor mother?" " ' Mother. "Yes, I can read to you while Iurse true man nor any court wjth any regard for proexcited and exciting manner. have to them would answer, gone the baby." compel priety "It is such a trouble to wash children," she reto without suffered and crime, punishment Lee (handing the paper). "Please read about prison rather than betray the most sacred confidence and marked to me. Caesar and the lion." yield to the brutal mandates of a little brief "Yes," I replied, "but I see no necessity for so Mother reads, as requested, without interruption, authority. much trouble as you seem to have. Mine do not , Resolved, That ttie action of the District Attor-ne- y until she finishes the sentence, "He was descendme half so much, though I presume they and the Chief Jnstice of Utah in compelling give ed from a noble line of ancestry"- . would if I managed them as you do yours." a lawful wife to testify for the prosecution in a - ; : b-- union-betwee- . -- to-d- ay jf "327iZrtL.7Tir ; -' . soak-awhil- . - "Mor-monis- m" Croch-eron'siiWild-Flow- ers . . , . . --- ----- " ; - " non-polygamo- us ' . to-se- . 