it WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... but it is always the darkest just before day , and to Saint 'fh ere is courage that the f'ivXtter-day duu iiiuugii muiiu Liuuus may and even break over their heads, they threaten, at any moment say" to the winds can who know and waves, "Be still!'' and they will, obey, and that there is One above who controls the destinies of nations and holds them in His hand, and in the " darkest time of deepest trial, the Saints havelseen light spring suddenly forth from the midst of darkness,' and help has come when most needed, even ill wic uiuiutui) as ik nxiCj diiu n line mc Saints are true and faithful and keep the covenants they have made with God and with each - nfhpr there is nn need nf fpar anrl frpmhHnr . a. There are so many things to write about, one scarcely knows where to begin, and, indeed, it is difficult to decide which matter would be most interesting, but some day we must tell of our visit to Plvmoiith and Pilfrrim Hall 'to Haverhill, where we met a dear old schoolmate, and felt as though . we had seen a vision about our Boston cousins, and so on, the visit to Oak Knoll, one of the homes of Whittier, the poet, to the grand old theological town, Andover, where we met Eliza- - LU 111LL.1 L.lLllj;' II LV.. Atiti .f lilt. s or au tnese visit in vnittier stuay, at his otner in home, Amesbury, where so many of his beautiful poems were written, of the dinner there, and thehucleberrylpie not 1'cold huckleberry pudding;" then yon must hear, too, of the very queer, not to say weird old houses we wandered through, where, when a child, our feet have strayed, and " lastly, the White House and Capitol, where, by y the by, we ascended to the top of the Dome; soon we expect to leave Washington for other interesting points, among which may be mentioned Kirtland and Nauvoo. date, as I ,. firf ?A',u ;"" fc.;-" :' ' eiieymte faces before them. : . young learner: Kindness and 'consideration to brothers and sisters and companions, and to their inferiors in position, of course, not omitting ready" obedience to parents, teachers and those above them truthfulness, care in making a promise, and great care in keeping the same, assuming,' of course, that the promise is a right one,, and the avoidance of the procrastination to which I have, been just alluding; these, and kindred .virtues, are what I should lay every stress on, as laying a worthy and attractive. foundation fordevelopment-i- n later years, nor should I fear for the result. That all children, as a ruleare self willed, goes without sayingj also, that there is a wide difference in their dispositions, some seeming to be born with much better dispositions than others (Lock's theory notwithstanding), but when we see a child given to selfishness, and delighting in tyranny, or teasing, as the case may be, if unchecked, what can be expected but that these faults will become vices in mature age ? And it is a poor f against it in such children, that they are, perhaps, very .talented, and. inafter life may become great ornaments in society, and that - they can be Very agreeable when they anoL of be. much use if they only chose. might Talent can be turned to evil as well as good account, as probably most persons could find sad examples of, where, it is to be feared, this leading aim in education, the developing of what is good, with the repressing of evil tendencies, has been overlooked or left in abeyance. .Happily, we are none of us wholly dependent upon oral tuition or human instructors. We have all the teaching and training of experience, a safe teacher in all cases." : -- How pleasant the situation when all the Latter-day Saints exhibit in their lives the.same epirit that did that ancient patriarch when the idolatrous king bent humbly before him offering presents, and, although the king was much indebted to him for favors received, yet he answered that he would not receive from his hands even the value of a shoe lace. If we are the children of Abraham we will do the works of Abraham and pattern after his ways, auu we will not regret any position we are placed in that will bring us to his standard of righteousness and nearer the Kingdom JNo Latter-daSiint who has the fire of the Gospel burning in: his veins can fail to see that the power of God is in all these things, and that His arm is stretched out towards us and they cannot help rejoicing under all the trials we endure. Thatspirit of'sociabili-t- y and freedom that sprung up a few years ago between our ' people and the outsiders was not savoring of good for the Latter-daand anxiety care Saints, and much faithful-parentwas imposed upon the and the authorities of the" Church m consequence of the tendency of many of our young people to intermingle and marry with those not of our to faith, and it is well that there be a line drawn and that a separation be made between the righteous and the ungodly. At every period of time whenrGod has had a people of His choice on the earth the command has. been io not mix with those of an alien creed. This subject has been frequently and very plainly spoken upon by the editor of the Juvenile in editorials and "Topics of the Times" in that magazine and which no mother, or daughter in Israel should fail to read. He makes mention of several instances in which, Will' not the points tonched upon in the foresorrow and, distress has been the result when OUR CHILDREN. going be worthy of consideration by many parents this law Israel has been given to Latter-dato whose notice they may be brought through their broken, and to those given by him another This theme, so, exhaustless and so important, insertion in the Exponent? And will not some might also be 'added, that of a young girl bf although, so well worn, is always interesting to ef our gifted and truely wise mothers in Israel, the Latter-da- y Saints; therefore, no apology is exert themselves to assist in filling a column, such Salt Lake City, sixteen years old, and a member of a highly respectable family in the deemed necessary for its introduction here; in as has been mentioned, to aid in the training and Church who married an outsider, who-ha- d. fact, every issue of the Woman's Exponent teaching of our chil.dren ? lived for many years in the Territory a good should contain at leastfcone page devoted to this LUla. enough man she thought. About a year ago one subject. he came south on his way to Arizona, carrying Many mothers, who have had long experience him warrants for the arrest of some of with THOUGHTS ON THE TIMES. ' in the rearing of children, are capable of giving the leaders of the church whom he expected valuable hints to others who have not been in the find there, he having been deputized These times of persecution and trouble for to work so long, and to whom such hints would be of by Marshal Ireland to hunt these men Latter-da- y the in Saints, though ! aggravating careful great worth. But, alas the the young down;; he. took with him his wife, ... their form and hard to bear are neverthe, . . i i i j i mother is rarely the one to find time for sitting ana a letter menuonea, written private; gin less fraught with blessing for them that uown ana writing Dits ot ner experience tor tne her to a friend a few months ago states that in many ways. There is at the by are manifest ' benefit of others. The result is, we have too she. was then living in Arizona a few miles a spirit of unity and independence present from Phoenix aloneand deserted. The little of such matter in our papers, and too much them to a degree not witnessed existing among that is of far less value. (?) of woman's rights and persecutor before for many years. haired abusers of the law" (as he ot the From a private letter, written by a lady whose The injustice and abuse heaped upon the termed "grey our venerated exiled leadew) had left residence is at Ryde, on the Isle of Wight, the people are having a good effect upon the minds her and gone, she knew not where; her watch,, following extracts are taken by permission : of the youths of our Church; many who have jewelry and all her surplus clothing she had hitherto apparently taken very little interest sold,8he. said, to buy food for herself and child,T "I think. those persons are much to be conin the teachings of the gospel are beginning to andshe who are- nromnt in their hahitsrand to gratulated adds,"I know no one in this whole coun- ' arouse and "buckle on the armor," a spirit whom it is neither effort nor denial to do their try and there is nothing Jeftfor me to do but of to them action within burn which begins - In reference to the death of one of and starve." work, carry out their good purposes with. without the stimulus that persecution gives her friends, "The news of her death alacrity. I have heard it said," 'If you want a would Iain dormant. this And have of feeling was a shock to me, but she is better off than thing done, give it to the man who has most to do,' is which and increassteadily despotism cruelty I am; I would willingly change places and I firmly believe it admits of sufficiently simis be toward not to when we U3 regretted ing greatest sorrow is that I cannot die." ple explanation, from the force of this most de- realize the purifying effect it has upon us and This is a deplorable picture, but the fruits of" Ul9 naDlt Ana partly, pernaps, irom natural our children who have been the bitter lessons we learn are sweet. And the ' especially upon vvmciduicnt, it is actually less trouDie to sucnr conceived, born and reared under a spirit of sooner the women- - of Zion learn to follow even though pressed for time, than "to the individuperfect love and confidence. Then, inheriting strictly the voice who has called them, , al with ample leisure who must needs wait for the as they do this sweet spirit of confiding Jove will sooner bereaved from the dreadthe they breeze to fill the sails, or, in' other words, to be in and trust, how essential to their welfare it is ful and damning sins which the men of the the right humor, before making these intentions that the emissaries of Satan who have sought world would h eap are"" upon" themTThey imtake form and become accomplished, facts. No us out and established themselves us among learning from the cruelty and injustice aoubt many a good purpose is hopelessly lost in should be made to throw off the mask and posed upon them by the leaders of the nation the horribe quicksand of procrastination, which show themselves irx: their true character. and by those who have been foremost in the outwould never have been sacrificed deliberately. It is pleasing "to note how prompt the Y. M. cry for some law to be enacted to free the Mdr-- v If I had the management of the young, such M. I. A.. members, true sons of Abraham, were, mon women from their serfdom, that outside of x to fold the cloak of independence and pride the fold into which God has called them they ' points as these are what I should consider of importance, leaving, mere book learning to abater about them as soon as our enemies, the wor- - have no friends. They have learned that they? aaj3',1Jv.i, , . v . 171- k ' k. 1 11 .1 1 of-heave- y y . set-of- L and-ver- s . y -- hard-workin- g, noble-defend- er r 7 : she-say- s: with-herm- y . -- of-Hi- m -- - . . 