WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 68 ness, to grope about for blessings that were once poured out upon them in rich abundance. There is and must be a purpose in all this, and by and bye it "will be evident ; in the meantime" the Saints must trust in God, and wait His good pleasure to deliver them fiom the thraldom which has gradually come upon them, and which seems to fasten itself more, securely as time goes on, threatening them with complete bondage. Justice seems to have fled from the courts; there is no longer anyjhopes entertained, by those who are accused, of obtaining a fair trial, The jury is in structed to convict, and a4 trial is almost a farce. There is such a feeling of hostility and hatred to ward any Mormon who is arraigned in the courts, who has fidelity to principle and honors his coven ' ants, that it seems impossible for those who hold the scales of justice to show even a semblance of ' the elements of that grand attribute. Things of this kind have been going on from bad to worse, until one would really suppose they had reached the climax, but the people have looked in vairi for this denouement and the conclusion forces itself upon the mind that human effort is utterly unavail ing. The most eloquent and earnest pleadings of Woman's Exponent ; Editor. EMMELIS E p:WELLS, Published a Salt Lake- City, Utah. Terms: one copy-on- e yew,- $2.00 one copy six months, $1,00. c Ten copiqs for the price of nine, rate Each square, ten lines of nonpareil one time, lMr, per month, S3:JtJTA liberal discount 'space, to remilar advertisers. Exponent office, No. 25 E;, South Temple Street, second irate east of Deseret News Omce. Business hours from w a.m semi-monthl- -- - y -- - to ' Salt Lake Salt 1886. CONFERENCE. SEMI-ANNUA- L Conference of the The Fifty-sixtSaints will Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-dabe held . in the new Stake House, at Coalville, Summit County, U. T., on Wednesday, October 6th. 18S6. at 10 a.m. All the officers and members who can attend are cordially invited. h Scmi-Annu- al y with" their clear cut- words the logic of the law itself, as established by precedentiand usage, are all of no avail in this relentless crusade upon the lormon people, whoare on trial for a religious principle. The heartrending pictures of desola tion and misery presented in the ruined homes, where the mother and little ones are left without protection, touches not the hearts of these merci less enforcers of "the law." What care they for the destruction they are spreading far and wide, while it is only Mormons who suffer? What have the Mormons done to them that they should thus pitilessly pursue them? They have made the desertJhAbilableu lated the affairs4 of the Territory of Utah, tha1 it has become a desirable place for the office seeker and money maker; and this class having become possessed of the idea that Utah has vast resources that might be appropriated to the base purposes, of "aggrandizement and luxuriance, for those who might, by chicanery and political intrigue, wrest it from the tillers of the soil, the honest husband men, and those who redeemed and subdued it, and have since prospered in the land, making asaflock," with homes and inherit ances, and they are determined to leave no means untried to accomplish their designss. But they are assuredly "reckoning without their host." They cannot have taken into consideration that they are fighting against God. The Lord had a purpose in bringing His people into these valleys. He knew the strength of these hills and mountains, that form, as it were, a fortress as formidable as the walls of Jericho; He has not done this in vain; He knew the treasures that were hidden away in the secret places of the mountains, the gold and silver and precious metals, and it was reserved for the building up and beautifying of Zion. The Gentiles may hunt for these hidden treasures, but their search will be compara. tively fruitless, and disapointment will be their lot: and in jthe due time of the Lord will He make manifest His power in the deliverance of His Saints, and it will no more be said, "The Lord liveth who brought His people out of the land of Egypt," etc. In the meantime humility and meek ness are necessary, and an implicit trust in the divine guidance, faithfulness and devotion, with the most earnest efforts and endeavors tn iiu. nearer to God and keep His commandments. How strange it seems that Conference should be held in Coalville, or anywhere, infact, away from Salt Lake City; and this change is only one of the many recent; changes and developments brought about through the persecution of the enemies of the Latter-daSaints, On every hand we can see the ruin wrought by the enforcement of the Ed munds law. Not only are the people deprived of the society and counsel of the leaders of the Churchleaving them, as it were, at sea' or "as r shecp withoit-- a shepherd15 Liut many have" been- -J sent to loathsome prisons, and their families " broken up and scrttered, and even ifjiot left in poverty, deprived of their rightful protectors, and suffering mentally through the cruel separations, that the rendering of the law renders absolutely necessary in its construction by the Judiciary. The changes in family affairs, and the exiling of men of means and executive ability is working great financial changes and hardship to the whole I people, that are being felt more and more as time goes on. One can scarcely refrain from saying, "What will the end be?" And who can answer? Or "to what will this persecution tend?" To these questions one can only reply, "The Lord will take careof His people ;He will make bare His arm in their defense,:' and so on. His promises are sure :and cannot faiL . In times past the; people looked forward to the Confcence with the most pleasing anticipation. The city was always in holiday attire; business was prosperous; money plenty; and then the teaching from the stand in the Tabernacle was always looked forward to as a spiritual feast, and also adapted to the practical needs of the people. How changed the scene and the feeling now Every one is anxious and inquiring one of another, and wondering how the tide will turn, and asking of each other what course to pursue. Many are growing diligent, who were before negligent of duties, and the faith of many waxing stronger; and among the youth of Zion, while a portion are indifferent and carried away with vanity and the pride of the world, others are seeking to learn of; the truth; and to know the ways of the Lord, and to walk in His commandments. There has been, in days gone by, such prosperity and so much teaching and instruction here at the fountain head, that the people have been, as it were, flooded with EDITORIAL NOTES. light, and perhaps have forgotten or neglected to We expect some notes from the funeral ser- appreciate the great and choice blessings that lay all about them, until they were almost spurned. yices of Mrs. King-f- or the next number of the Now thy are willing to gather up the fragments . paper. and feed upon them, and are almost left in dark-- . The minutes of the Y. L. M. I. A. ... ; y T " them-selvesfamili- - ; 5 , - Coaerence es J .wij auu jj webelieve it may do much good. It plainly sets fnrth imnnrtnnt truths.of which eorrnhnrnfivA tAcfi: mony is given in tne three oonks mentioned. Our young people should take pains to gather such information for their own benefit and the good of" others, that they may be able, when called upon, to bring forth strong reasoning. This little work of 36 pages is excellent reading, and cannot fail to be interesting to all who delight in spiritual things and in obtaining a knowledge of the dealings of our Father in Heaven with His children. It opens with a poem by the author in five verses, which gives an idea of the contents of the book, and is very well and smoothly vrittenr There is a neat, wellwritten . preface, in which he, states that he does not set himself tip as a'"teacher of some newly discovered truths, but to place in a simple and honest manner, those glorious principles emanating from the Fountain of , Light,; which he trusts will have a. tendency to illuminate the path of those who may peruse it, opening up to their minds the prospect of a happy future, and the rich reward in store for those who serve God and Keep liis commandments wnue passing mrougn this state of probation." w " - bear! - A FEW THOUGHTS. Christ of Latter-da- y Saints," by Elder John in form is Sears, pamphlet neatly gotten ud. and published by Joseph Hyrum Parry and Co. The contents have been carefully examined by co.mpe- - 0 :" City. Utah. October i, Lake City, - ' f'TiiE Final State of Mankind, as Demonstrated by the Prophecies of the Old and New testa. . ' every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to EXPONENT, WOMAN'S FUBLISHER 5p-.nl. of this Stak'e have not yet reached us, but will ' likely be published iri'dur rie.xi issue.' We have received, with the compliments of C. R. Savage of the Art Gallery in this city, a very ihafldsojaeLlitlk Helen Hunt Jackson (H. H.) It is printed on exquisitely fine paper and tied with white ribbon. It looks outside like an emblem of purity, and it contains in its leaves a picture of the lady herself, though it is not half so good looking as Mrs. Jackson she was a magnificent woman in person al appearance and a picture of her grave at rine Hill Forest in the Cheyenne Mountains, another of the Cheyenne Mountain near Colorado Springs and the late residence of this celebrated author. The description of the place was written by Mr. Crawford, and is in the most beautiful language, but as we have already published two or three descriptions of her resting place from different writers, we will only select the closing lines from her own gifted pen: ; "Dear hearts whose love has been so sweet to knovir; That I am looking backward as I go, Am lingering while JL haste, and in this rain Of tears of Joy am mingling tears of pain; . Do not adorn with costly shrub or tree, -- Or flower, the little grave which shelters m. Let the wild, wind-sow- n seeds grow up unharmed, : -And back and forth all summer unalarmed, all the tiny, busy creatures creep; Let the sweet grass its last year's tangles keep; And when remembering me you come some day, And stand there, speak no praise, but only say, 'How she loved us! It was for that she was so dear; These are the only words that I shall smile to hear. " 21st, the Y. L. M. L A. of Union Ward held their annual meeting, Mrs Tuesday, September Sarah Buxton presiding, assisted by her Counsel ors, Mrs. Delia Brady and Miss Mary L. Charles After singing, prayer and sinffine-- the Secretary, Miss A. M. E. B. Sharp read the minutes of the organization , and the statistical and financial for the two years past, it being a complete report since the date of its organization. Toe imshowing was very good botlwnjhe interest of provement and practical benevolent work. The the Secretary also read written resignations from Assistant Secretary and Treasurer, who were no , re-po- rt 