'S EXPONENT. 122 its wealth of foliage, its shade is 'fascinating; viand as the branches of the varied trees sway vo me winu. uejiznuui cumpsea oi era iieius o er which the sah pours its generous radiance, fill the. expectant inexpressible, pleasure. The stream winds quietly about after.it leaves the falls, A little over half way down, a ' - superb railroad viaduct, which spans the Glen; seems, with its tine arches through which one passes, to add to its romantic charm, if any evidence of civilization can do so; and from this point the Glen widens out, aiid there are - line prospects of wooded hills on one side, and of crass plot softer than anv carpet on the . other. The hills to the left, the lop of which could not be seen benre because ot thedeiisity of the" foliage, are low and rolling' and de crease as one loJIows the stream. . A broad gravel road begins at the confluence of the Glen burn with another stream a short dis tance below the viaduct; Still followiDc: the stream a quarter of a mile down the paths which by this time had converged into one, and the' graveled road also meet, and winding around a low knoll, the ocean bursts into full view. Ahd it is a magnificent sight e from the secluded, sensation which the Glen gives to the broad and prodigal sweep. or the ocean, upon, whose bosom the eye be- holds trading vessels of all burdens, and m summer, the tiny whito sails of innumerable yachts. To the right, on a clrar day, the low hills of Scotland are visible, and rising an adjacent knoll, the summit of many a noble hill, crowned with a profusion of trees meets the - gladdened eye. Across the Lough, or e bay, left, one gazes upon well fillet fields, (divided by counties hedges) and white coLs and nioke from flying trains, while of historical notoriety as having been the scone of coronation of a Scotchman us . King of Irelaud in the 18th century, is also' easily; distinguishable. To dwell upon the , endless variety of magnificent scenes which this wide prospect affords, in the hope of picturing them, were vain; or even to tell of 'the neycr ending colors of the wave (variable and uncertain as iU bosom) a? it changes hue with every breath of wLid that ruffles its surface.. .But it produces an exultant t;en?e that only one can know who has felt the conscious grandeur which boundless vision inspi res such as a prospect spread out before him who has stood upon the summit of some lofty peak in the Itocky: Mountains, or upon a rival chain, and viewed the boundless range of valley 'and mountain, that rolled away from liis feet !in never ending succession, till the eye was wearied with its lim'tless flight I do not recollect that it ever presented the' same appearance twice. The clear or beclouded heaven, the varying tide, the presence of numerous or the total ab3ence of boats or vessels, the peculiarities of light and shadow upon distant hills, shoeing on one, in the broad sunlight, everjr houe and hedg across the Lougb, wiiu the rest were practically indistinguishable; the striking changes in color which presented themselves to view, nay even the indefinite number of huts of green which lay in fields upon the broad bosom of the ocean, seemed capable of interminable variation, though, of course, the spot and its surroundings were ever the same 1 , ires. half-brin- - to-th- row through entertainment which was giyen by our Associa-JHre- day and -- which proved.to tbe Stillness- - wise, and - " wealth of mosses on the decaying branches and roots of living trees. The aspiring ivy hiding in its density, the trunks nf trees as far uo as the eye can follow, the f fp,rn3. the interminerlincr of innumerable wild flowers, beginning in the fh fhft modest primrose and the un- yielding daisy followed through the season by the dandelion, Mayflowers, Duttercup, pen winkle. London pride, and so on, force themOne of the choicest Rp.lves n non attention. hits is ft ruined houss in the Glen. It U darK ana iiterany uurieu wuu muss auu ivy It is called the "foz" house because of the depth of raos3 which hides it, and "fog" is a name civen here to a particular kind of moss. One is sarprised by the great number of seclud ed nooks which . everywhere seem . to invite the lover and lovers are as often surprised by the sudden and unfortunate appearance of others' who,' like themselves, are' in search of some sequestered spot "for whispering lovers made." Many are the dark pools" fringed with long grass and longer ferns and ivy where the anglerJooks in vain for. trout. . " - The fallen tree that spans the "burn," the half hidden way that leads beneath the overhanging holly and through tangled laurel and sally and thorne, to spots of exquisite loveliness, the miniature precipices, the subdued song of the ocean mingled with the sobbing ot the wina through umbrag3ou? tree, and the stillness that one can almost feel, are known to all who love nature and who have sought her where she broods in' solitary loveliness. - Here mid these little folks are for which our i i t - . kaan fin'ton' . on the Association. Our - meeting closed at five o'clock, and all seemed to feel well paid T THE MARRIAGE OF GREAT MEN. Byron married Miss Millbank to get money It turned out a bad shift. Robert Burns, married, a farm : girl, with whom he fell in love while they worked to- gether in a plowed field. He was irregular in his lire, and committed the most seriouj mistakes in conducing his domestic affairs." . Milton married the daughter of a country lived and with her but a 'short time. squire, He was an austere literary recluse, while she was a rosy, romping country la3s;Hhat 'could not endure the restraint imposed Qponlher'rso they separated. -- Subsequently, however, she returned, and they li ved tolerably happy. Queen Vietoria and : Prince Al bert were cousins, and about the .only example in the long line of English monarchs wherein the marital vows were sacredly observed and sincere affection existed. . Shakspcare" loved and wedded a farmer's daughter.' She was , faithful to her .vows, l)ut we could hardly say the same of the bard him-selfLike most of .the poets, he showed too little discrimination great m bestowing his affec-tion on the other sex . Washington jm'arried a' woman, with two children. It is enough to say ahe wa$ worthy of him, and theylived together as married people should, live in perfect harmony with each other. to pay his debts thorne that scents the evening -- ; gale, at such an hour this Glen, and its hallowed charms, will; fill the mind with such bright . scenes as time cannot dim; and bring a sense of joy and of rest where darkest clouds o'er-calife's sky. At such an hour too, will well ' up from the heart that old, homely, tender ' V 1. verse: ... st .v T "Could I but feel as with thea I felt, Long, long ago; long, long ago; Where at thy side in the rnooalight I knelt. Long, long ago; sweet long ago; "Couldl meet thee at eve by the s'tream in the Glen, And drink of thine eyes loving sunshine again, I might tell thee such talcs as I told to thee then, Ixng, long ago; long long ago." - . Wandering Boy. L. M. Wilson, superintendent of schools at Des Moines, Iowa) has under public her charge eight buildings; eighty ' tea cKers, and about 4,000 pupils. : Her salary is $1,500 Mrs. CORRESPONDENCE. Virgin City, Jan. 9th, 186. Editor Exponent: . 'i'i.:T - ?i . li Ladies are beginning to use scented wax for sealing their letters. There la now imrjorted from 'aria a costly kind of wax for this pur pose; the perfume of which when burning will fill a room and linger for hours about the eni . more man our duty to Ipf ine l rimaes know that we arestdlaliye,and up to our duties as far w Possible, we send you a brief account of an i, Pfest. Elkanor .0wen3 First' Coun. -- 1 Pratt, MrNERVA overhanging tree; whenever moonlight, flooding the night air, throws its weird and romantic shadows across the deserted walk; or glints through the dense foliage; wheri .the joyous songs of happy hearts fill the eventide with Ioveaud rapture, or the silent whisperings of fond lips breathes tales of love. ; rfl Q f Ol tViAm - all-prevaili- . ala to candy. The Bishop's Counselors, Elders Beebe and Burke, were present, and5 spoke a short time; expressed themselves aa well pleased with the entertainment; spoke encouragingly wood-crowne- milk-whi- te Vta for coming to it Our Association has donated two dollars in cash in the last few months for ' ' "' the Sanpete Temple. Ever praying for the welfare of the Primaries, and for all who are working for the upbuilding of God's kingdom, we remain, '; Sincerely your sisters, which ray infant, steps and maturer feet have trod, could I dwell forever. Whenever sun d light shall flood upon wave, or hill; whenever tho songs of birds shall echo stillness; when there is through and shade, green grass, and mos3 covered rocks; when the fragrance of flowers shall float upon the breeze; when the sound of falling water begets that sense of ease that sinks deep into the heart; when the unmurmuring stream runs darkling awry, beneath grass and fern and "Beneath the deserv- - i !.- . mi xuo uunuren, 01 creuiu great parents; lug and all who .felt like attending, met at the meeting house at two o'clock,- and after the 1 usual opening exercises of singing and prayer, we listened to quite a variety of exercises from the Association, consisting of songs, dialogues, recitations,, select readings, etc; all of which were rendered in a manner which did credit to our little folks, and showed that they had been very energetioJn- - preparing themselves with the parts assigned them. A very pretty son g, entitled, "Santa Claus is coming this way," was very nicely sung by our Association choir, at the close of 4vhich the good old gentleman favored us with a call, and foiled tip the cur- tain from our unnstmas tree, wnicn; was well loaded, with: presents -- for the. little folks; not one that was a member of the Association had . "Green winding walks and shady pathways sweet," - All through the. Glen are great numbers of flowering shruln. lied, white and pink rhododendrons arc among tho first, following which are the king yellow flower of the box with a perfume so Jike that of its tender leaves. The haw or thmie. and the laurel, and ths sloe, their seaou make the air redolent with delightful "odors; while the "meadow sweet" freights the air with a p.'rfumo as" subtle as it U delicate. Amid tho green houghs, twittering birds keep up a ceaseless chatter, interrupted occasionally by the deep cawing of the echoes the Car-rick-ferg- : which -- velope. 7 I";:- ; .. iv 