.... 1 t." "5. -- Hi ft- .J: -. The lUalitR of -r- Vol. -'; . . - 15. AFTER OPPRESS I he w ,.c uj "vwu SALT 'LAKE QN-FREK- DOM. "' r,- r " ' - . .t , Am, ami tic KhIiIs C1TT,:UTAIIKCEIBE M '"" " s MAY L. MARLER. In these valleys of the mountains D'welfa people much oppressed; -In these valleys of the west, With their crystal flowing fountains, , Here they thought they- would find rest, But, alas! they're sore oppressed. 5V '" Driven out from eastern homes, jorobeying God's command-- To this far western land Their weary feet did roam, And with strong and willing hand They tilled the sage brush land. Or go into the lion's den. '! '. " , " " . - - : J" . - - i God can bring us safely through; " . t the Wi'rt and to the eat, arid to tm j;orth an-- Uy lhos:Ut.li;:m'u J ha!l all tlie iliilie in thee v in :ih v the t'tirtU bG'hie-t"- . .1 ; , Lou sprea-- i .abr.-.i'- l o: : 'nanf;ful tint I Have hud the privilege I to ciinib Jaco'oV j.'t;M..T, tin;, whra I reacli the top 1 ma. v: ..see th' lace or my: Hoavcnly i. for therein r ath er. ana receive my-- ' wky-t- o!tfiiih4?ient-i;til- o )' :!?5 oHspring the court's interpreiation, that the'"firt wil'os the only legal wile, luifhel, tha, wai not a legal wile? Jucol), being a Rttriarc'h, hlel-lieolipring with eternal. blessing-:- , and, "From thence Spanish. Fork, Nov. 9, iS36. VIEWS ON PLUKAL MAPJIIAGE. I.OX( THE "NARROWS" IN SAFETY. May we safely pass the "narrows," Is the prayer of many a heart, Which cruel persecutioa harrows dart. Very narrow now the path is W'bich the true Saint has to tread, "' - Winding through courts and prisons, 'tis Enough to fill the soul with dread. :. Unless the "faith" can be denied. But firm in truth's great cause then stood Those worthies of a former day, Who "all things" suffered and endured Rather than throw the pearl away. The prize they sought was life eternal, A life beyond the power of death; Fraught with joy "and bliss supernal, That would not vanish with their breath. strangers wi.h to know the" views of women who have entered into the order of plural marriage, as revealed by God our He venly Father in this age and ages past, I, for one, take great pleasure in. setting iorth mine, which are founded on Bible testimony and di rect revelation froni a higher source than man I wa3 first taught this divine principle in the renowned city of .Nauvoo. The stand point was the holv scriptures. Was it right in the sight of God for holy men of old to marry more than one wife? Yes, they echo back, as did Jacob when Esau, his brother, said to him, numerous, "Whence came all these,"; he saw God the children are "These Jacob answered, hath so graciously given thy servant' And "these were through four' plural wives. "And God appeared unto Jacob again; and God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and of nations multiply; a nation and shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of "And the land which I gave thy loins.' Abraham and Isaac to thee will I give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the laud." Genesis. "And now I expect- to go up on Jacob's ladder, for it was set up on the.earth, to heaven, and tho andthstop of it reached said to Jacob, And Lord stood above it, and 'dust of the earth; and thy seed shall, be as the f-- - - X 1 His Fnctnood, ami set up ii;s kingdom on , "to His cmiiisr, can give the earth," any woman to a mail, that he cin hol-- not only for time, but aud ai the Savior answered the addticees, thai in the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage. These ordinations liaVe to be erf irim d here i in holy temples. "TJiat on earth is sealcil in heaven;"- and," What God has joined together let no man put asunder." You lawyers read your Bibles, and. you1 will see a. " woe pronounced against voii bv the 8avior, "who fay Iiea vy burden up n the shoulders of other?," etc. You are jighting against God's work and not against.- - man's, and that to v weapon your sorrow ind downfall. formed is Zion that shil perish, against and Zion shall prosper and tle joy of the whole earth.' For Zion is "the 'pure in ; heart, the covenant people of the Lord. They who make covenant by sacrifice aud keep the commandments' of the"Lord, even as Abraham said, 'That' .he will command did; for the his children and his household afitf-- him, and they shall, keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment." Paul says, Romans, verses: "Now to him that is Jast chapter, of power to establish you according to my Gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which wa3 kept secret since the World began," "but . now' is maIe manifest and- - by of. the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith. Th-Latter-daSaint are obedient to that established faith by prophets of old. He chose a generation; from pmral wives to place His name on them to serve Him to the end of time. Lxodus, chapter 19, verse 5: "Now, therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my H-ah- -- If v;-- Now we are tbld.bv tho interprrters' of the .Saints are criminals, and law, that Litter-datheir marriages are after tha heathen nations. ii the oLIirael, God'i t'huseu people, -were the only ones that married by God's divine, law, and lie sanctioned their marriaues, aii( Gck1s pro)IietH gnve.pltiraivi ves to right- villi i 'j'iv.' IWWJI wj tmii jm jisii'.i hoid their wives "in eternity, h't them imirry ' one or more. And so it is now; civilized na-- . tions marr y one wil - only, and heathtn nations marry more than "one;" but God views them all in one condition; they all marry "till death doth us part," and iiuLbylGod'a law for eternity. Ami LMKie can marry by this law only tuosa. who' liolu thu'hoK Fxksthood aiji tbo order of the Sen of God, a r the ancients held it. Then why (" they about us? No other peor)lo on the face of the earth - 12, 1886. - i Hannah" Cojjxahv. HAD EXPEIUEXCE. the LnnF beot prep-tfaJ.)r- n BY ONE WHO HAS o. fret-themselv- . And although the fiery arrows Thick and fast around us !y, All will safely pass the "narrows' Israel's God rely. - Who-o- Bye and by, "when God has tried us, Till no dross with us remains Then, these men that have belied us, Who at present hold the reins, . Will see our land restored to freedom, And our people greatly blest; Utah then will prove a haven To all those who arc oppressed. Yet nothing strange to us has come; The former Saints were also tried; To suffer is the common doom, L , , Careth fur His children too. . .1 bu-Ui-j- "narrows" e'er so narrow. He who caretli for the sparrow, No. y But clinging to the Iron Rod, Through all tlie turmoil and the strife, Be the 183 th the'Sh&phfirdriiUH4- - Ural.'- -Z Pressing along the narrow road, Many did reach theTrce of Life,'' . When opprqss'd, we cling' together, And their laws can never sever Our hearts from wives and children,' f Nor break divine command; Though we suffer by laws they make, We'll bear it for the Gospel's sake, Andabravely hope for freedom In this our promised land. , W'jth its "bitter, picreing -Z- Though hungry as the lions were, ,And fqj this reason made to ft.t, 1 hey could not hurt his God was near. But, lo! our rest is broken, " Eastern Senators Tnvefspoken, And their laws they think in preference To God's laws must be obeyed; They believe not' God's commandments, So they're making "new amendments," And they think upon this people They will .make an awful raid. ati .alwii 1 -- the pathway Straight and narrov.'-'waI . By the 'ropliet Xepbi scm; And miits of darkr.ess on it hy, 'Nor ray of light scarce intervene. . las .spoken lhn,L i men who by plural 'wives., no wit The "nanows" he in safety passed, - o blw-inir- : s MAY. WE PASS ? - """; '5 nopthr 1 Of this aware, he did not fdtcr, Althtmh-h- c knqw tlie king's decree, Made by lawsth;it none c(?vld altcr - On him must executed ,e. - June -- I low "very narrow was the roqfd For Daniel, made by wicked men, When he piust eclse to pray'to God, ' Soda Springs, Idaho, " s - l 4 What" were boT-.- and bars to Pelcr7T' When he v.as into prison ;e;Ht, Safely bound with chain and fitter, With soldiers charged lo kelp him fast?- - They made a land of beauty Of a dreary desert place; They're a righteous, honest race," And have ever done their duty, Thanking God fbr.fcvery grace," And for this safe resting place. . if IT 4 the U'omci o They in safety passed' the "nriVrcws," For in hrat-l'1' ( iod tin ir trusjt; By faith in. Him they. burst 'the harriers The wicked placed. around the just.' c .. . Ki bfK-om- e Ld r 25-L'- G the-Script- y ures 