ligion appeared to him to be a very sorry i "tn t.e nd ppA fin out-religionwasaIibelvu-humanttyr " (Applause.) " ub alf5ilr an 1 j The hu f.n crea- wnm a n edualioaof. them so The same day he mentions meeting a party that they could not get a fair shot; -- -- owing his men not appearing to assist them in the hunt they did not secu re any game themselves." s Mr. Rashaw afterwards informed them that he had instructed the Indians to kill more than they themselves wanted and give the surplus quantity to our brethren. Tie speaks pf going to the Indian lodges with George Bib lin?s and John Buchanan, where they "ex changed a small quantity of salt, powder, and ; women was There more becoming every day important. were many reasons for this. First of all, the reason as old as the hillsthat -- there was women were the great educators of the human race. There was another reasori,and that was that Itesides their homo influence, women were every day taking a more conspicuous part" iin literature (hear, hear- - and there was one bxanch of literature which they had made esmeat. A number of others made" exchanges pecially their own. He referred, of course, to of a like nature with" the squaws, who visited fiction. Now, there .was no greater influence the camp during the day." in morals or religion than the novel or ro" That evening they learned that the Indiana mance, no greater influence for. good or for who went out in the morning had killed about evil. And this department of literature, as 'twenty cows, but whether. they would be bene-lltte- d he had said, women had made especially their by it or not, they had no knowledge. the third reason ior education higher The same day Commodore Stockton and com-- , pwn.A women of scholastic and. pany, who were from the. Bay of San Francisco, of wasthat life were professional opening to them in every came m sight and encamped three or tour Girls-fchools of divers grades direction. miles from there. The morning of the 2nd a were increasing, daily, and there, could be no messenger. ( Col Ll ttle) was d ispatched to th e more hob orable profession for a lady than that camp of Commodore Stockton to ascertain his fit apowder-honr-for-considerablo-tallow-- -- and . ' of" training young girls. (Applause.) In other ways, too, the work of women was dailv i i moreTapprcciatea. vvenaa our deaconesses and missionaries, and certainly no persons could do more useiui work lor the Church or Christ than those deaconesses and missionaries.. (Applause ) .. Jvegardingaccompl ish men t s, - he - Ji ad not a word to say against them in themselves. It might be a very good thing he dan; say it was to train young ladies in music, whether they had an ear for it or not. (Laughter.) It was a valuable discipline, no doubt, and perhaps to a certain extent it might supply the natural defect. He wouM not go into the subject, but what he wished to protest against was regarding accomplishments as education, llis lordship then presented tho prizes. SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. BY HELEN MAP. WHITNEY. 1 (Continued.) As our f thoughts and interests were now centered upon the Pioneers, it may prove interesting to learn of their whereabouts, and how they were faring about the time of Bro. Clayton's arrival, with othars, at Winter Quarters. The following extracts are from my husband V journalcommencing September the 30th, which day they passed Chimney EocJc and "encamped at five p.m. on the banks of the river, opposite" a French and Indian camp, consisting of ten lodges:" "The man who has charge of this camp is. a Frenchman by the name of Rarfiaw, who is hired to kill game for the inhabitants of Fort Two Indians visited our John. camp this evening. Col. Markham went by appointment over to the Indian camp to make some trades-wi- th them for the brethren. I sent by him a horn of powder to sell for the money. He returned about eight this evening with the intelligence that the Frenchmen had proposed if we would stay here and assist them in hunting buffaloes would they give us half the game t bat should be killed. Accordingly, it was decided toraccept of the offer, and orders were issued this evening that no man should leave the camp in the morning without - permission of h !3 r5intoin w ne niorning oi me 1st ot Uctober he wrote, "Some ten or twelve Indians passed our camp and went out hunting. Brighara, Heber and several others also went out on horseback they returned about 4 p.m.; had seen quite a large herd of buffalo cows, but when Jhey came to them found George R. Grant cHasing ; w 11 LflliJrVi v AU O T ence, Mol, to Fort John. Ihey had seen the from the other side of the river, and "pioneers L 1 UUIUC UVtl iUi LUC juijwo u uuiuiug au luici" 4 "Their leader gave his, name andtitle view. -- , IIH Ml , Their numbers wp.r v . nqnfn?n Wnlkpr. i" eight" men "Captain Walker imparted some news to us of a general nature, which we were not before in possession of, concerning the war no - V between the United States and Mexico; we some little cessation -- it was- learned that-aftnow being prosecuted jvith renewed vigor, He also stated that packet steamers were now plying regularly between St. Louis and' Council Bluffs; that we would find plenty of buffalo for a hundred or more miles, as we passed along .down .the Platte River. He himself intends to proceed as far as Fort Bridger, and for aught he knoAvs, to Weber's Fork, near the Salt Lake. A number of letters werewritten er " h-r- Aiffuront- nnpa in fipnrl lw.)iirri frl fKn vnllpw After spending about an hour with Captain Walker and his comrades we bade them farewell and pursued our journey." ' They encamped at 5 p.m., having made intentions about accompanying them. The twelve miles that day. He says the grass Jbere messenger brought the news t hat he intended; to cross the river and take the way to St. "was comparatively green and h igh fuel.bu ffalo usual. Soon after-bu- r arrival this Joseph, Mo., as he thought that to be a much chips, as nearer road to the states than the one the evening "our Frenchmen came, bringing with which they found in a stick by pioneers were pursuing. President Young, them a tletter thcside-otnerToaa, near a creeK"aDOUi a nine "fatherland others" of the Commodore, and the same day some of below here. Thb, on being opened, proved to It stated that they ''bought a number of horses, and be from. Wm. Clayton. had passed here the 1st of Oct, being six days Dr. Richards one cow, of the Frenchmen." ahead of us, and were intending to continue "We renewed our journey at 8 a.m., on till they should arrive at some place where and encamped op the banks of the river op. posite the ancient Bluff Ruins, near which N. there is plenty of wood, and there makead-a Fairbanks was bitten by a rattlesnake on our short delay while they should procure an ditional quantity of buffalo meat, several of ' journey out." ' them being short of provisions. They traveled very slowly, owing to the de- - We also fif-from learned travelled that they lays occasioned by the killing of buffaloes, as the-pioneer- s - it was considered good policy to lay up a sup "l)e"aluindfed'ormore miles m ply of meat wTiile they had the opportunity, "casenneyTiiust us. Appended to the letter were most of the camp depending solely upon that advance-o- f for subsistence; being entirely destitute of a few lines from Amasa Lyman, stating his flour and other provisions. The evening of determination to overtake them, if ho had to follow them to Winter Quarters." the 4th it was thoughtjadvisableto raise volunThe morning of the 8th, after proceeding a teers to go ahead on foot to arrest the progress milft wa khw flip stnWp in wViipfi t.hft lpffpr writ of the ox team?. Amasa Lyman with twelve others volunteered to go on this expedition. ten by Willi Clayton was found. "On one side. of this was inscribed the following: '12, "A letter was written and signed by the PresiB. Y. and Council A L.' The last twojletters dent and Dr. Richards to the captains of the company ahead, containing instructions for arc the initials of Airiasa Lyman, and were them to stop and kill buffaloes and dry the probably written by him as he and his commeat till they should come up, that they might rades passed along. Here the ox teams had . ,1 it.t ;j l Bigus xuaw uuu luextj vt;rtJ eviueui. relieve them of some of their wagons, or of cuuuiupcu, had remained a in two." the loads them. They were well armed and they day or started before daylight the. nextjnorning The ''A IfircrP Katirl nf pllr mn-1- f hoir orrPflrflnrP camp over took t wo of them the d ay follow i n g John Buchanan and John Crow the former three brethren went out to get a shot at them, had been taken sick, and was obliged to stay but soon returned without success: Two of behind. They stated that the rest left there our Frenchmen, being mounted on mules, sue-- , the n'ght bpfore at ek v?n o'clock, and were in ceeded in killing one of. them." The same to all travel tending night." evening he mentions himself and his brother On, the 7th he notes down the following Orson being quite unwell, owing. to their using amusing incident, which occurred soon after so much meat, as they had. not tasted of any they left their noon halting place. "Brother other kind of food for three weeks. He also Woodruff with his carriage, Dr. Richards, wroteVMy pony, continuing to fail rapidly, Bro. Benson and a number of others, includI turned him loose, considering that it was had well for him to live and borstolen by the a3 ing myself, preceded wagons about fV.O , ' Trigone. J! l. half a mile, when all at once we noticed, stand ing by the side of the road, within a few yards US. of us, a buffalo bull of rare size. Bro. BenThis was the day that our brethren started son rode up close to him, but 'he would not refrom Winter Quarters to meefthem, and there treat an inch; on the contrary, shaking his was good cause for the anxious fears head fiercely and elevating his back, hemani whichcertainly filled our bosoms and stimulated us to Tested evident symptoms of hostility towards pray without ceasing, not only for the pioneers, us, and would, no doubt, have made an attack out that the Lord would speed the brethren on upon us had we not been so numerous; as it the way to their rescue. was he remained firm and immovable as'if he were lord of the soil, and possessed both the power and inclination to dispute successfully Miss Alice Fisher, of. Terre Haute, will the passage of the road. We finally caused read the Declaration of Independence at the him to flee, after the teams came send up, by LKnights of Labor and Trades Unions' Fourth ing our doga after him." i?oly celebration in that city. 1 . to-nig- ht - - . 1. 1 