177 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. For A MOTHER'S WISH. of the future, Of a time that will soon be 'our own;-Whethe trials of life will be ended, : And we'll dwell in God's kinsdom alone. I am thinking to-nig- ht . . ,J( life's pathway hand in hand a3 loving, trustslowness to eomprenenu we wings m turu iur ' ing companions, and be one in very deed, the faithful, and the necessity of our watching our every thought and word and deed.7 sharing joy and sorrow alike; and if pure kindness is a characteristic of life 0 how much we I nrav that heaven may aid us to overcome may lighten care and soften the many trials every weakness of our nature, that we may that fall to our lot. . Why I really believe live so pure with each other that we may one there are men who do not realize that the poor day be worthy to enjoy this "perfect love. ''""' ' Violet Owens. tired woman they call wife ever needs a tender word or a caress after the first months of May 4th, 1886. "wedded life. They forgenhaFlier harfre .mams the same. .Though the pink may fade A TRIBUTE. from her cheek and lip, andher eye seem" less bright, her natural desire to be loved, and esDear Friends: pecially by him, is unchanged, and ever will be if she be a desirable wife. I also have met I am in doubt as to whether you ever wives who possessed the most devoted husbands out here to this central portion cast a and yet they would repulse their every act of of the thought absorbed in your variU. S. endearmenand were as cold and indifferent ous cares at A.,beingso home, that you do not find time towards the fathers of their children as a to perhaps, even in thought so far away. Northern iceberg. If is true that some natures It roam, seems an age waiting to hear direct from are quiet and undemonstrative, but surely there is a way that those so near and dear can you. Glorious spring! arrayed in all her magnifibe assured of love and trust of each is around me, yet the cent robes of other. It is cruel, and contrary to the will of world is so fullbeauty, of chaos, caused by the very God for His children out a miserable essence of sin poured out unsparingly by the existence on this earth, heart-hungr- y and . arch fiend, thatl cannot .reioice as I otherwise when desire the He in would in nature's brilliant adorning at this weary, 'placed - the bosom of every person to be loved most delightful and unusually advanced, graceand impart love to some congenial spirit. fully budding and blooming season. The Exwe husband's share and our If truly joy for May 1st has been tardy in appearsorrow we will love not only our own dear ponent ing, but pays for delay in its variety and children, but we will have a tender watchcare charmingly interesting make u "The over all those who belong to his family. We of the Flowers" will regard thejrights of those who stand as Marriage Such a pretty thing in rhyme, our equalsjn every respect in the eyes of God. It sat my thoughts a roving Their little ones we will love; tbeir interest we To gardens sweet with thyme; will seek, and while they are unhappy we canr to blooming fields of clover, not rejoice. My sisters, let no idle gossip fill I crossed on time s bridge over, your hearts with unkindness toward any memAnd soon became a rover ber of the family to which you belong. ReIn youth's enchanted clime; member, it is Satan's mission to make you unWhere sweetest notes wt re sounded happy and destroy you body and soul, if you In strains that were divine, give him power to do so. Tell him with power And I would continue further , to stand back. Do not take him to your But excuse me, just this time. bosom and regard him as a friend, even if he Each article in its place was duly read and presents himself in the form of some one you have felt to trust. That one is a false friend traced all through, each, little column, from if he tries to destroy your confidence in any it: Household Hints to advertisements, and alis your' duty to respect. though sOuie things related made me a shade Let all understand that a mischief maker, is more sad, others compensated and made me detestable to you, and the book of God has rather glad; as for instance, "Why Is It?" condemned all such. Does it not say, "Blessed "Watch the Children's .Feet," "Armenian is the peacemaker, for he shall inherit the Sketches," excellent! " WashingtonNotes, right to dwell in His kingdom?" Also, unique! The poem to Mariuda, fresh from a "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall loving heart, was justly due to memory, as she see God." Do you think the tale bearer, the holds a sacred part with all the goo$ and true evil speaker, who creeps into our hearts and and I fain would add my tribute of sincere homes with his wily hypocrisy, can be classed praises too. "Spring!" Beautiful, vernal queen, with either of these? crowned with bays supernal, by Koyalty well Now a wtfrd to those who are inclined to sung, subject most prolific for ready pen or talk: Be sure jou always speak the truth, and tongue. It sent my pulses bounding to read remember, it is; not only a sin to say that its praises o'er, and hum that old song over, oft which is false, but it is also very wicked and trilled in days of yore, when but a very child-lin- g on the threshold of life's door. Thanks contemptible to tell every little thing you may have heard for facts, when you are aware the for the inspiration, 'tis worthy of a King, to telling may wound hearls, and injure good stir the chords of memory, folded beneath narfles and destroy friends. None can imagine time's wing, till there comes a grand rehearthe extent of the harm you may do just, to sal of life's early days in spring, and grateful" gratify the curiosity of your hearers and your thanks we render to our Sister Poet King. L. M. Hevvlings. own insatiable desire to mind that which does not concern you. Let me implore of you to Atchison, May 19th, 188G. kind try to overcome this fault. Pray for our Father to help you, and He will hear you and The women suffragists seem" to bo quite enanswer your petitions, if you are determined. All good men and women will learn in time to couraged upon the whole by the recent fortrust you,and how much more satisfied you tunes of theircause. The slowest "and hardMassachusetts. Salem will yourself than when' you were a est place is perhaps Observer. mere tool to carry on the practices of Satan and his train. My sisters, this i3 plain talk, The Indians of Alaska are skillful silverand it is not given to wound one tender heart, and their silver bracelets are in debut to remind us of the great and importaut smiths, A lame workman is in duties we owe to husbands, wives, and in fact mand. dozens of bracelets at special repute; good prices on he sells " to all the human family. arrival of eacirsteainer. This Indian is a We are living in an eventful time, when the verv ranid workmau; from a piece of coin he we and to are about transpire, great things Lwill make a beautifully chased ring in an hour must begin to inako hasty preparation if we I so with his rude tools. desire to regain the time we have lost in our or '.' ..JVh?n ,aroun,d.us will be all the glory We've thought of and dreamLoLso-long,- .. And within us will live all the gladness That falls upon God's holy throng . . - And I think how we'll look upon earth-lifIs siekness, its troubles, its cares, Thanking God if its end were successful, That we fell not within its deep snares. e, How with sorrow we'll look upon weakness,' How regretfully think upon wrong, j How with gladness we'll view acts of meekness. And know how by pain we grew strong. We will weep that in sorrow we bore them Our darlings, our innocent lambs, With a world full of darkness before them, To be grasped by their dear trusting hands. the-perfec- t tO-dr- Oh, how with devoutest emotion We will thank the great Father of Love; If united with us in devotion We may clasp our dear children above! Father, grant that Thy glory and goodness May 'dwell in their hearts to the end; Let Thy grace and Thy care be sufficient, Let Thy Spirit be ever their Friend. ag rP-fr- om And as life with its struggles advances, Oh, strengthen their hearts for the fray, ' May Thy Spirit, which all good enhaces, Give them strength and desire for their day. . Oh, how lovely win then be the future. That day of bright sunlight alone, Then, united in God's happy kingdom, We may call the Eternal our own! ' - Ruby Lamont. Glenwcod, Utah. A FEW THOUGHTS. Editor Exponent: c I find myself, in spite of all my hard work, tired hands and weary brain just wishing to talk a little to you by means of the pen. Oh, how grand it would be to just be able to express one's thoughts in a satisfactory manner, but for me, that is impossible with my present stock of information. I must thsn try to be content with bumble efforts to do good, trusting in God for aid in every attempt. Every article I read in "our paper" gives me some encouragement and helps to strengthen my determination to go on in the good labor in which we as Saints are engaged. My eyes are often dimmed with falling tear3 as I read in its columns of the departure to the "better land" ef some loved brother or sister leaving friends almost frantic with grief. If it is a wife, tenderly beloved as every true woman should be; who can fathom the depth of a husband's sorrow; and if a protector and guidej who can read the anguish of that' widowed breast? None, none save those who have drank, from the same bitter cup, and that to its very dregs. As I sit and ponder over the3e things, I ask mvself this question: Do we as husbands and wives love and appreciate each other as we should while we are privileged to live together, or must we wait till the grave has snatched one to begin to.reaiize the duty we owe to each other? In holy places we have made sacred covenants to be true and faithful while life shall last, and when our is ended we expect to be and enjoy society throughout the countless ages of eternity. I am led to believe that when our Heavenly Father and the holy angel3 witnessed the sacred ceremony that united U3, it was intended we should tread re-unit- ed each-other'- s -- be-wit- h 