a. West. Those from the east and from the west, and from far countries, let them fall in somewhere' between those two boundaries, in the most safe and quiet places they can find; and let this be the present understanding, until God shall open a more effectual door for us for further "consideraw tions. ,. And again, we further suggest for the consideration of the council, that there be no organization of large bodies upon common stock principles, in property, or of large companies of firms until the Lord shall signify it in a proper manner as it opens such a dreadful field for the avaricious, and theindolent and corrupt-hearte- d to prey upon the innocent, and virtuous,yand honest. ; .... 'C ' " To be Continued H. &, Y. L. M: 1.- - A. UTAH 8TAKE- Minutes branches S. D. Curtis then raadencouraging , exhorted the sisters to faithfulness.-- l In the afternoon the JP. A, was presided over by i Coun. dohusou. Keports eucoiira A" REPORTS. &-P- - quarterly conference of the .of-th- e Relief vf ve some: good instructinrr the in liouse, meeting Sept;' 3d, 1886, Spoke upon the duties of officers; exhorted the Provo City, Pret. Mary John presiding. Conparents to send their children to the Associaand ference opened with singing prayer. tion, anil go Chemselves occasionally. Said, as read usual; conference of .former Minutes tWe have a good country hereand if the also reports. Saints will live their religion they will have Sister, Emily G. CiufF craved an interest in health and peace, and "plenty will prevail accomwe have ; lIf our prayers, and said, throughout the land." Said he knew one man how financial in our much so Tep'orts that raised Tix hWdred jdoll plished much have we uconiplished in a spiritual-view?'-Th- e "toes off .ou'entcfepgfi ra n d , and a n o t h e r raised be humble to sisters the four hundred dollars worth of sweet potatoes speaker exhorted and prayerful. ."There is great power in off ht.s city lot. "X ..." ; , the overthrow to -- is Satan trying Conference adjourned till December 17tb. prayer. JSVi llm irth .East, Prest.,"'- '; Saints, andjho Lord is suffering us to be persecuted for a purpose," etc.""' .... t Sarah 13uiins7 Secrpro" fem.; ' differSister Tanner spoke quite lengthy on ent subjects of interest to the Saints. ;The rest BOX ELDER STAKE. of the forenoon was occupied by the presidents of the-- various" wards throughout the county, The Thirty-nintQuarterly "Conference of Sothe Relief Society of " Box Ehler Stake was''representing the branches of the Relief to .preside.-- - ,iield, the Tabernjacie at Brigham .City on" ciety over which they were-callethe 14th of September,, 188G, Presti Harriet A. Afteruoonscssion opened by the usual exerSnowZ presiding. Afteri singing and prayer, cises. Sister Mal-illDaniek, the first speaker, Coun. Olivia Widerberg addressed the sisters. J said, "It is .with feelings -- of gratitude-tha- t thankful to be able to stand here stand before you anTask an interest '"' Said: "IT feel todayy "can not "express h o W "gratefuM "feel in your pray ers, that what I may say rnay that you and I can meet here together in the benefit you as "well as myself. We are living same spirit." Reported the Scandinavian Soiu'.s. moiiieinous time. The Lord is chastening ciety in a good condition. Spoke of the sign. Ihe Tiations; buT tney .do" not ' realize it. He of the times. to them in thunhas said that He wi if called hy the Secretary.- Minutes read Roll ders and earthquakes, etc. It behooves us to and approved. Twenty-twreports were reaif live nearer to our God, for he will have a tried branches. different by the Secretary; from tile now God same the .that We have people. "Prest. Harriet Snow spoke to the secretaries, Daniel and the Hebrew children had, and with about understanding how to make the same power, too; and if we Jiave the same particularly ld I the1 reorts I correct; aii;so me times firmness that they had, we shall triumph over ; riot balance at all. our enemies, and all will be well with us, and" Miss Fanuie De Sister wey reported verbally; w ireed not fear," Qtc.' Stake-fund- . Graehl read the accounts ofihe Prest. David John spoke a short time. " Sister Harper, Sister Albertson and Sister cast of need no was there down; being Thought Keller. eachbore.a .iaUhfiiLtestimQny,.an(Irej-porte- d I h is"w arnot: a jd ark d ay for Israel, et c. the respective society " over verbally a God like oL "The After singing, Spirit which each presides. fir e "1 OitTfn and 1j e net i c ti on by "Father" snoke elooueutly on many sub- Perrv Sister th' ree G raves, con fe reii"ce- -: adjourned-, for "j'ectsT- Haid' What are we without the Spirit months of Lord?- We are nothing. This persecution Caroline Daniels, Sec. has come upon us. .to. purge us." Spoke oi the necessity of partaking of the sacrament. - ST."; JOaEril STAKE. ; ..:.'." Singing. Benediction by Sister Anderson' V The ladies quarterly conference convened at Adjourned till 2.o'clock. Afternoon session: After the open ing exqr Pima, Sept. 17th, .1886. "' After the usual the cke$, the condensed report was read by opening exercises, minutes of the previous -- of-th- e ociety-of-Utahtake,-held Prest-TL- a iflr-'e- a . ., . . . - -- v THE UNJUST JUDGE. In the City of Prescott, Arizona, there dwelt an unjust judge, that feared not God, nor regarded man, or hev sentenced three innocent men to the Detroit Prison, to labor in the house of correction fortJWee "years; After servirulwo' years and. six months, the chief executive, of the nation, President Grover Cleveland, having a heart that God could touch, in answer to the pleading prayers of His faithful Saints,-- exercised the - pardoning power vested in him. The prison doors were is great opened and the captives are free! rejoicing and thanksgiving over their uncondition-a- i pardou,;forwhich we render thanks ;io God and " ' . a rltnil1rl.'Vi!tr'4linii damages if our laws were constitutional -day, -- . Ihd PfCCIIIAIlf h r " T - but, alas when a government so enlightened and far advanced as trre. United "States suffer such uncon stitutional bills as the Edmunds to become a law, what can we expect Mercy? No! Justice ? Nay far from it ;those two attributes are bowed in .shame and bathed in tears.whenangels bear record of the rrr vara onr? monni',- - wjvcs oir such men rniani nor1 r";vw ccjjiu as these, sentenced by an unjust judge. We find, in a letter from Brn. Tp in the Deseret Myus, October i c th,. the.: most ex alting and inspirational sentiments couched in his o ! ; 1 they-wou- . - ; :-.- -- 1 - -- wuue uoerty is sweeter-thalife, my hope is sweeter than liberty, and up to date, prison walls and cells have only tended to intensify the. testimony that mingles with my life's blood.'' Do such sentiments as these emanate from a , rrMil i iU UUli UiCy WUIC on signing the Declaration of Independence. He closed his memorable speech by exclaiming: "Give me liberty, orgiye me death !" Mark the werareadiind, lien p Hlf "v V z ,.C 4 1 1 " ii-- . 1UI U1C . - : . 3iiss.Emma Stake Prest., Willmirlh dispensation' spoken of by all the holy prophets 'since the world began? History tails to gi ve any account of the organization of women and children, according to the pattern of the holy Priesthood until revealed by a prophet of of spirits the latter days. The has been the joyful theme of my soul; that the children of the Latter day 'Saints were heldkl" reserve, to come forth wlhen . the everlasting coy en ant of marriage was restored, to be - schooled in these associations. Are we not accountable? Who has a right to neglect or .or discourage the youth of Israel? - 8avibr3 are to come up on Mount Zion. Do we ac the part of saviors. Jesus said if one sheep went astray, to bring it back to the fold. Then let us act upon this pnncTpleTteach the youth by precept; give them a kind and encouraging word, which will do more to reclaim them than a kick. pre-existen- fellow-servant- s, -- : to-da- y, 1 testimony of Jesus under the altar of God," and they cried with a loud voice, "How long, O Lord! holy and true and righteous, dost thou not wge and avengejfpur Mood upori'them that dwell on the earth ?" and the voice, of God was heard saying, "Wait a little longeruntil some more of thy the prophets, are slain ' as thou hast.been, and I will avenge thee." The unjust imprisonment of .such men as Apostle Snow and others, will shake the nation and speak louder than a thousand thunders, until the inhabitants thereof ,will cry aloud, "Oh, that 'we had not slain the prophets and stoned them that were sent unto us." W. East. accepted.-- hast, said, :"My sisters, I am most, thankful, for the privileges Can we realize that .this we enjoy work, we are engaged in is th3 great latter day . ite lii Wlill YYCIC Mdlll - Allred was unanimously sustained as Assistant Secretary of the St.J. Joseph Stake. Reports were riot so favorable as formerly; the cause is attributable to sickness and the beat1 of . in-wh- - " .Au Bro. Tenny: "The testimony that expression mingles with my life's blood." What testimony does he have reference to? John the Revelator wilt inform us. He saw in vision an innumerable company of Elders clothed robes, with of palms victory in their .hands, near the throne of God, and he asked, "Whore these arrayed in white ?'the angel answered, "These are they that were valiant for the testimony of Jesus, and they loved not.their lives unto death." The. Revelator - : vuill rv. rvuj; not surpassed by the great patriot, Patrick lienry, . ,UMXr : . ! I I .Se'cretaryZZ: 1 . LiV'Jl' Sister Hubbard said, "If we strive with all the energies of our souls to overcome our weaknesses we have nothing to fear. I ofieii think how blest we are in 3ion, but we must as learn to love each other, and our neighbors ourselves." Sister Harriet Hansaker spoke of, the great work we are engaged in; if we shall inherit celestial gJorv we must earn it.. Sister Richards, frmn Ogden; "J diope tbe we Lord will bless me; I feel small, because instruction. naturally look torthe PrieTth'ood for We are called upon evei hour, eyery to live so we can enjoy the Spirit oHp-rLord. I think it a great responsiDiiuy aise one child." Related an incident about nio-men- t, lii have polygamy; one sister said, "If T a touuer polygamy about right I have preached sermon than if I had spoken a mile long. ana is a terrible thing to make covenants ou break them; we need, to be prayerful; it is duty to assist one anotber; we should f&ie. a duty a pleasurej'when we accomplish not so we are building up Zion. We have used to have, many brethren around a3 we a3 go any of you have a husband not quite may as he ought to be, you must forgive him; ' be he does some good that yo J don t k" Showed tbe folly of loving riches., 'When 