WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10K but we have ordered them by expre ss, which wil have professed great interest in and Saer than coming by reforming the .morals of the Mormon people, ' bring them quicker as soon they arrive we will forward freight, and as whereas, at home, in their own towns and cities, thpj--- to the oersons for whom intended. ft will their moral influence" is doubtless greatlyjieeded; Editor. JiMMELlXE It. WELLS, mail so to time -- anl the money they arc so anxious to obtain could, arid some in take many carefully, "where" an is will it be -there TnT more Lake Salt in ,'fenps olaces con i'ubiished City, agent actually relieving, be used to '"good? advantage i.W. Ten to one copy 'one ye ir, 2.00; qjie 0iy7iiriuuUi;?, :her for Columsend to in venient the Districtof distribution. could altogether ....... want; if certainly , ,x . cru.iiv; for the rrice of nine; Knf wrVtAr ciHorlP mHlPQ Hfi tnL'Pn Plnh Vina urtll wh s es adi e n o. of.tho . combi i;;.,.z:.'rhe XdvcrtisiniT rales:. Each Square, ten lme,T07TTmnr ' have associated themselves together,, and. incor have to be put up ana mailed separately. Care Adiscount libyr-aspace, onctiracvS2.50ri'er moiitbrS3.00. will be taken that the picture may not be creased or to regular advertisers. .' V porated articles to establish an "Industrial second ' Exponent office," No. defaced in any way. We are very sorry that they Home,"will fail ;o have any effect upon the religion 10 a.w hours 'Diisuiess NevvsOflice: Woserct of east fpi gate nf "Mormon1' women : Congress and the President are not ready to issue, with this number of the " to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday." : mnv rrst assured of that, and plural wives will . paper, but on our part it is wholly Unavoidable. Address all 'business communications to j - ' never place themselves under their direction, and V ."Publish ek woman's Christmas preparations are being made by the LAKE Cm-- I'TAIi. their Home will stand empty unless filled by mechants and shopkeepers, and the great display others than women who can be induced to re of holiday goods gives the" city a decidedly cheertheir of nounce DECF.MI'-EIlSS6. religion 1.5 any principle j ful and business like appearance. Christmas trees Salt Lake City, The same disappointment awaits all those who ""and hdlIyareTor sale in various pjirtsof the town, are advocating their various methods to overthrow have and the greengrocers and butchers seem-tCOMMENTS. a principle and order' of marriage, that. is as eter taken special pains to decorate, and they have not far above as and their nal as the compre heavens, failed in the attempt, either. The large window It is a sort of query in the mir.ds of the people, ' hension. has not United States in the Z. C- M- I. makes a fine show in the grocery why the President of the' in a the has been There great disappointment specially singled out c'and mentioned Utah in his department, and Savage's Art Bazar makes an .ranks of the enemy lately, in their failurcto con linwinrr of books, nictures and v irrl irfictlr i y, is M. and that President. vict Cannon, Angus the welfare and prosperity of Utah and its people, fancy goods in his line. Dwyer has a veryelabor- to have will crosses of a the they w y nnfl u fa nccnrtmntit " - - - - ttlf - artirlps , nf evprvj accept it as a specimen of the good sense and 'only beginning iiiiwui v.. tnv! aoji to come in their wisdom endure naught. "feeing sound policy of the Chief Executive of the nation, sort for Christmas gifts, as well a an excellent a fine catch web the to woven have in outsilly the general They that he refrained from joining variety of books, well chosen, and appropriate is it but and so "Mormofis." think, flimsy they much abused and maligned for holiday presents, and a full and complete stock cry against this already in no has nor will rt break ; solidity.-Ipieces strength there are his annual message. Surely Territory,- itr of goods', which cannot fail to give satisfaction to is a web of lies and deceit, which they haveset laws enough already against those deemed the purchasers. Pembroke has a fine variety also a one here there as and scare; butthough' may get jects for his specif measures, and oincers author6nhTsstyTeof Xds7nrrd how e v ex fastidious the in" will the Lord its stretch meshes, entangled ized to enforce them, and a court that interprets purchaser may be, he will be able to choose from the evil as forth has and He His hand, promised, the Taws to "fit the cases.'' What more, in all the large assortment ot goods and notions in bait will will fall to be do desire and averted, they they conscience, can anybody want? 'The representaLake. Teasdel's, the Eagle House, always makes for of Saints have snare set into the God. the they tives of the "Liberal'- party; were on hand a,tihej a fine displayof goods at veryjeasonable prices, would Mormon the observe such creed If was people completed, and the' serve their customers with the utmost great capitol before the message "Mind and own business" happi your peace would no doubt, and have been moreuTan willing politeness. Their Christmas decorating and ornaness might be restored in the homes of the Saints, to' give Mr. Cleveland advice in regard to what he menting is neat and in good taste, and one is sure and the government of the United" States might of a good article if purchased at this' very popular ought to say about Utah. in 1a tire ITtnli rlnn'i In' men now ollnirc nn save hvinr . ;ppm V money employing expended Villi U11UII , house. Whatever is wished, the one thing need ...kill V&JVhJKj to Mormon down hunt and men is wives. It plural either, and unless something ful is the means, and it is better to be economical developed .soon, isa marvel that the tax paying public of these even in the matter of giving, as it is not so much what will become of the two dignitaries who went l United States are willing that public money the gift itself one esteems, as the spirit and feeling of impressing Congress and away so should be appropriated-- for such unnecessary purthe President with the immediate necessity qf havthat accompanies it. In the primitive days in the ing something done to give them and their clique poses as establishing a home for women'Swho are valley, when everything was" home made, and the an opportunity Xo display their patriotism and already better off than the great majority of the with rnoro "dolls almost exclusively, rhildrpri "nlavprl "J iri women of the nation; but they wiij see, by and defense of the rights of the "liberal" loyalty xney were quite as nappy ana tomemcu as the veritable citizens of the Terribye, how foolish this scheme is, and wish the" little folks are now with the variety, of toys of all against party tory, who came" here when there was no vestige of money had been kept for some laudable purpose. kinds, .and so much candy and sweetmeats. and the American on the civilization, planted Hag in this Mountains Rocky vicinity. EDITORIAL NOTES. While the and Industrious "MorGENERAL DANIEL II. WELLS. mons" are defending their rights, human and Some minutes of conferences, and other matter divine, to the best of their "ability, and trying, in Next in rank, in the hierarchy of the. Latter-da- y of that kind; has been laid by until another issue, the midst of. an accumulation of difficulties, to to the Presidency of the Mormons is Daniel as we cannot well devote more than one page of Saints, facilitate the growth. and progress of education, In H. Wells, whose portrait we publish each paper to reports of organizations. manufacture and agriculture, and using their best Gentile circles the veteran of the Church is still endeavors to maintain a footing in the land to A theatrical entertainment is to be given at sicken of as a "Danite,". and a "Destroying which they came a band of poor, humble exiles the theatre by the Old Folks' Committee, on y for the fiction of that avenging Vehm- .Angel," men who have lived in their midst, and who have afternoon, a matinee, and also iri the evening. rericht dies hard. Among the Mormons, how of the partaken liberally advantages accruing from "Confusion" is the title "of the piece to be preever, he is known as General of the Utah Militia the economic manipulations of the' early pioneers, sented, and it will be sure to please the old folks, no longerextant, at- any rate, on paperand are ready and willing, yes, even anxious to go as it is in It is in the very showy stage appointments, and not Second Counselor to the Apostles. down to Congress arid rob-thMormons of the wanting in character acting. latter capacity that he has" addressed to us the .few rights not yet taken away. Why these few letter which will be found on another page. The Old Folks' Committee are energetic workmen in office here should so vigorously pursue A very remarkable man is General Wells. Rugers, and deserve" to be popular, as they certainly the"Mormons to the death,"would seem incredible ged of countenance, "laconic in speech, of comare, for the interest they manifest, and the pains if one had not strong and unmistakable evidence. in manding stature, he is always a strikingfigure If there were not so many meddlers in Utah they take to please and happify those who have the of not the opportunity, for various reasons, of assomeetings of his people, while his qualities affairs, it is barely possible the people of Utah mind have made him one of the most "conspicumight have-- a short respite, a breathing space in ciating socially andpartaking of the enjoyments and amusements of life, like those who are younger ously distinguished characters in their history. the attack the oppositLonjs wagiug, but every now Well born, and descended from men who have Success to the. Old and then one of the political clique popsup with and stronger physically. held the highest offices in the Eastern States, he Folks Committee and "blessings on them," for the some new remedy for the terribie' evils that they have done, and the happiness thev W-, began his own official career under good auspices represent exist here in Utah, when the fact is that good they and at a very early age. His father, however, given to the aged fathers and mothers in Israel the people are notatall in heed of a remedy where died when he was a mere lad, and the widow, sellwidows and orphans. Let the good work conall is peace and tranquility, or would be, were it At tinue, for it is a praiseworthy one. ing her landed estate, migrated to Illinois. not for such men and women, as have come here confhe had so won the the age of twenty-on- e on purpose to despoil the people oAheir the To subscribers of the Exponent we wish to rights idence of his fellow citizens that he was made a and possesions. state that the pictures of Mother Smith, promised justice .of the peace, and to a very singular extent And not content with seeking to wrest political during the holidays, have not vet been xecovA filled a position as general umpire and arbitrator .-- from Nevr-Yor- k and - Woman's Exponent. ton, women, " : " semi-in'o'nthl- " ed-cflb- ... K.South-Tyinple-Stre- et, : : . - J rts exj-onkn- -- t, " - . - I ' o " 4 - : . - - -- ele-Vri- nf , . . w w " . 15 - t - fit-su- b. - -- V.. ' - V 1 : .' . jolly-hopefu- - -- -- I t ; home-lovin- g to-day- ." Fri-da- - . e j -- e . ower-aud-iniluence, "lobbying-at-W-crshin- "InTspliUsrai - 