WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 6 RELIEF SOCIETY. ' : . ' Miss Calhoun; 'granddaughter Clifton, Nov. 3d, ISS6. her. residence in Clifton, Sunday 'morning, at 1 Mrs. Sarah. twenty minutes to one o'clock, Oct. loth, 880, " Howell. "Howell, wife of S. ' of John 0' Calhoun, went to London two. or t!;n-- year - - HOWELL. SAHAH .. ' Like the, last floral tint of autumnal leaves, After the frost king's blighting breath. Fresh radiance crowned this aged friend' of "ours Ere she was folded m the anm of death. A T K I IJ UTE FROM TI IE CL1 FTO N capital, is cotenipiateriii Moscow, if., th government will Function 'the Hchome, vhic proposes to have three faculties mathematics., natural history (with medical ttudicri), and ' , philosophy. . Died,. at CD. ago, and appeared !n tlie stage, where achieved some'suemf. A; play" ha.s lx tiumt ten ior'Tnr which is foimdvd upon the life of " . Charlotte Corday. bhc propo.s to bring it out in A merica this wint .r. , ,.xMme. Jiuiaiisdiek iiya she invariably ijikr con raws' tirls' who ask her advice aLuut ging on thestageJ, Jury.; n iiiOM iiUJJLUlliejJic . of the stage its temptations "and it hard work. They see us only at night, niceiy dressed, and wilh'everythiug perfect. They know no more: Mrs. IIowcll was of akind and cheerful disposition, be- I have heen thirty-threyearn on the stage, ;ind rsay"ihere"isno liie like ir. It has no; ncvo lcnt to the poor, and faithful' in all her duties. She iiappiner3, it lejives jou no time for domestic was l'r esident of. the Teachers in our Relief Sociy. She or social pleasures, no lime for any thing but received the Gospel in December, 1843. She was left with three small children to provide for herself whilt ker hus" work, work, work. I was oi:c.j a goad pianist, band went wifh the Mormon 13talion to, Mexico, and but for "years I have hardly touched apiano. is J love to draw, but there no time, ever. All "j.vTSsed through many trials and persecutions with the 1 is work and travel, travel and work. gins faints in Nauvoo also, as'wt-'l- ns the early days of Utah, I let illness w as, lingering, stilt she was resignud to go or who think" of going onthe agc again 1 ?ay, ' realizing lie knew best. . stay as God ho, no." " ..7. OB ITU ARJ, .;. a Deceased, whose maiden name was Stewart, was born Galfantin, Summer Co., Tenn., Januarys, 1815, and was married to S. C. D. Howell on the 5th of July, 1835. She passed away peacefully, after much suffering . She., was lovingly cared for by her children, grandchildren and 'riends. She. was very patient and sensitive to the last, in structing her family concerning her wishes to be carried out by them, even to the last moments of her life. She she Jiad the privileg 0! doing a gru wuvcry-lhankfu- l portion of her work in the I cmple tor the dead, ana lm full instructions for. her children to finish the work after sh rwas gone. Elizabeth N.'Hknokuwn Ward, QcLLi3Ai.886t Mariah Nelson, daughter of Yense Sister dropsy, Christon Anderson, born September 21st, 1821, in mark; joined the Church Feb; 22 1 8 52; emigrated to Utah 1872; joined the Relief Society 1873." She was the mother of six children; two have died and four are living. Sibt-y Nelson was a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, always on h.mA attend to her dutWB as long "as-hliealtk permitted, and mourn feel her to with husband and friends, and to fol- We low her worthy xmple. Pied, ia, Alpine jn. r er .. Rest, dear sister, from thy labor, Enjoy-th- e blessings thou hast earned; In llic mansions of thy-- Father . Thou hast won a e noble-crown- H. V. D ZDJ-VXJ- Tj-hAlT- : 6z CO., l " . Her funeral was held in the ward meeting house on ' Miss Constance Fe'nimore Woolson has Tented for J heau t u nm and e;iriy w in t er a j uvf of an old stone villa on the hill c:dlcd' Btllos-guardoutside tke Kontun gate of Fioience, Mi.-- Greeu-ough- , Italy. In the sanieYiUa: resides Woo.lsoii's- sister of the sculptor. Mi-.quarters have a garden in front of them, and are verv roniantieallv situated. Next door b Villa Montanto whert Hawthorne wrote the as the "Marblc'Faun," and which, lie home of Douatello. The shadow" 'of its old stone tower moves across Miss AVoolson's .Not garden every day like that of a far distant is the small villa where Iter great-uncls James Fenimore Cooper, spnt two with his family ..six ty year- - ago. lie was vt ry fond of J taly Monday nth, and was attended by many relatives and friends. The very elements seemed to mingle their tears; with the mourners as the wind throbbed and the rain fell in showers o, s be Jane l. "1T.:VV'. S. Howell, Iresidcnt, Howell, Counselors. E. Dudley, Cor. Sec. Delilah r km EMoKVtJF-sAnA- rr j Lord Randolph Churchill does not want his wife to vote, but is gjad to have her make speeches in his behalf. ; . Mrs. Harriet I3eccher Stove, since.the death of Professor Stowe, has received daily letters of condolence in :ueh numbers that it. has been answer them. She there-to- re iuip)ssible desiies it to be known that she. is grateful for the sympathy expressed, and she hopes that her correspondents will accept this public acknowledgment of her; deep appreciation"' of their kind words in place of letters of reply. Patents have been issued to women during the week ending OcL'19, lS.il: Mary H. Barnes, Jiiughauiton, N.' Y., Sadiron Cleaner. V Klizabeth Gefort,, Erookiyn, N. Y., Tracing--- , t 4 "wheel. Eliza .. Yj. Scott, Hamilton, Ontario, Drugist's Sieve. -- There you struggled and toiled to create a new home, Where the wild beast and savage in freedom did roam; Rejoicing the while' that the Saints were made free, And would worship the Lord in sweet liberty; A blessing you've been to the daughters of light, For your influence ever bias been for the" right; W ith words of encouragement cheered many hearts The remembrance of which will never depart. '. Your children you trained in the ways of the Lord - .. By example and precept you taught them His word, Now they're workers in Zion, and honored we see Beloved by the good for their integrity; And multiplied thousands w ill yet speak your praise For your trust and obedience to God and His Jesus, your "motto has been, andls still, "Not my will be donej but O Father! thy will." laws-Lik- In every human being (hero are many grains When bm: is down, even by indiscre-tio- n r.of gold. his of own, do nr-- ttoop to throw additional mud upon him. Strive rat her to re;ich hitn a helping.haud, to extiicate him ft. in the mire in which he is wallowing. Tiii- - is tiue mant hood. - j ' 1W,S. If 71 K ii 6 ft SALT LAKE CITY, Utah IMPORTERS AND, JOBBERS Ot : And when you were driven from the home you posicsed, You w illingly shared with the sorely oppressed, Rejoicing that you was deemed worthy to go, You said they're my people and my faith I will show.' You followed them even 'mid' deserts to roam Y her'er their abiding place, there was your home, And bravely you traveled o'er mountain and plain, Determined through all things the right to maintain for--her-t- f towellt"2 ' Dear Sister Sarah, wc meet here 1 full of hearts love a small tribute to pay Our To your worth" and nobility, knowing full well That the whole of your worth only angels can tell. " You have honored God's laws, 'mid "oppression and' strife When harship and famine were threatening your lite, ' VVhen husband and loved ones were sent from your side, You bore all in meekness for God was your guide. . RLlSll ED. OCTO151t, c. JjMarlek, to-da- y, E WS E.STA there is no awakening until the resurrection morning. She had five sons, two of whom are living, forty-tw- o grand children and eight great grand children. sum-nier- IS 1 1 w hich e, NOTES AN I) forTtUAISEY'.S celebrated LTFr a i I'UMPo. Pump.s.Ilcp.iirel )u si) noli"?. Ord-tho country promptly respou led to. f'at Life flitted quietly away as the Sabbath morning dawned and she lay free Irom pain on the Sabbath day of rst. The struggle' was over; her busy life was endd, and she lay sweetly sleeping the last, long, dreamless sleep,' from o sun-dia- STE A M FIT TE K & - , de.-eji- TINNER Bf G AS, W ATE R Nash, " e ' -- And now we all pray that the blessings of heaven May rest on your aged companion from morning till even: May his life be prolonged till his work is all through Then be crowned with his queen mong" the righteo'as and true. HEAVY AND SHELF HAKDWARE, GLASS AND QUEEN8WAKE, EL EH AN T CUT GLA-'S- , AG i II CULT UK AL TOOLS AND IMFliI MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, FUIIE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPE1B AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AC'D NEVVEBT DESIQNS. fT- - We carry a lrgsr Sock thaa Buy house . and more cnjp?ett In. the wos. H. S. ELDREDGE, Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TE A S D EL'S Will be lound the latest stylps and pioductions " in . KUCHES. EMBKODEIUEB, FANS, GLOVES, PAKASOLS, IUBRONS, COLLARS, TIKS, LACES,- - - Aud an elegant assortmenf of JD'R-Y- ' GOODS; Special department for Ladies'- - Misses' and loan t's Shoes. . . ; mi HI, llG, US East Temple Sire , 