WOMAN'S EXPONENT, " lowed - close upon the - case ia the : Supreme Court. The first argument on our side of the question was made by Mr. Chandler, attorney at He was very positive and made strong law f points,? bunging forward abundant testimony from standard legal- - books to substantiate his assertions. Baskin had already been granted a hearing, and had made many erroneous state ' ments, that required contradiction. The next day F. S. Richards and A. M. Gibson occupied the time, covering, it would seem, the entire ground in the most able and dignified man- ner. Their werfl rlcpn. arguments a ft far rearhinrr and sound, and ought to have impressed all who listened to them with- their and mat. . ter of fact style of logic. They stuck to the sub not off into unknown regions for rambling ject, the sake of effect,, or skimming rround e o 'over the without plunging into its depths, but faithfully summine ud the whole matter in brief, so that all who were not blind might see the situation clearly. fienrce F. ' Brntu.'ell. fnrmcrlv a mcmhcr nf Congress, from Mass., and also Governor of that grand old state, made one ot lhe most eloquent speeches that it was possible for anyone to make on the unconstitutionality of the Edmunds bill. His ager his tone-ovoice, his prestige, and above- all his impressive eloquence of style, all told He powerfully in favor of those he represented. was followed by Mr. Chandler on some particular points in question, who referred to authorities on the subject, and, the next in order was Mr.' Baskin, the representative of the "Liberals" in Utah, who gave his startling and bombastic tirade on Monday, May 3rd; it lasted four whole hours. Tie nirfiirn tH ' ' f nrmnn c" is mncf flcni. able of all human beings. To hear him talk, they are too wicked to be suffered to live on the earth, yet Mr. Baskin stood there and told them that he had lived right among this people for twenty years. O consistency, where hast thou fled? The man literally wore himself out abusing the 'Mor mons;" he completely exhausted all his energies, physical and mental, "and on his face was the look of abject despair as he closed his speech, and one would suDDose from his manner he was also ready to give up the ghpsL The next morning Hon; Joseph A. West, of Ogden, occupied a part of the time, and refuted many of the unjust and cruel aspersions cast upon the "Mormon" people by Mr. Baskin, who is not at all above associating with our people at home, burin Washington one him that he could not lobk would suppose upon a Mormon with any degree of Complacency. Our Utah Delegate to Congress, Mr. Caine, made a long and exhaustive argument, meeting and ex plaining away all" the objective points made by Mr. Baskin. It positively seemed as if the opponent nad not a pin s head to stand upon. the entire Droceedinps the ' Chair- Throughout o man, the Hon. John Randolph Tucker, main tained the most perfect equanimity and good nature. He seemed not only willing, but anxious to arrive at an understanding of all the matter in dispute on either side, and to accord the best op portunity possible for free and full discussion of the subject. He deserves gratitude for the unprejudiced and unbiased spirit he manifesteoVthrough-ou- t the entire proceedings. One imnr.rtant-fart-- , that 5mnrfeer? itself mr;t powerfully upon the writer, was that the principles of the Gospel of Jesus Christ were being taught in the Capitol of the nation,' and in the judicial department; the Temple of. Justice, the. Supreme t-I nilrt I . 4 V.. 1. : t. Lf.L v, me miicsi uiuuumiu vviiiuu appeal can uc made in this free and enlightened country; also. in the Committee room of the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and everything brought up against us by the opponents of "Mormdnism" only gave greater opportunity to defend the people an J and explain the principles and institutions that exist in. the Chdrch, surely "God raovrs iX Mysterious way tih wonders to per- - form." There are miny interesting iteras connected with these hearings that may be summed up at another timefcbut lest our readers tire of these topics, we forbear for the present, hoping when at home again to devote more time to the articles which have always been sent off in haste while journeying from place to place, or sojoura-in- g at the Capitol. , a a j - - f so-call- ed fl-- to-hea- r f - . - i . I ' ' 179 but it was given . up when it was known that the family had already made their were remarks preparations. Interesting Brother Geo. Price. To these Bro. Home responded in an appropriate speech. Some of the ladies also made short speeches Sisters S. M. There were raanyfloralofferings,giftsof friends, choice flowers were tastefully used to decorate the GOLDEN WEDDING. rooms, ana me portraits ot urotner and bister around with smilax and Horne The fiftieth anniversary of the marriage of myrtle artistically arranged. The bride of fifty years Elder Joseph Horne and his wife, Mary Isabella, driessed-in a handsome brown silk , aress was was celebrated at the old homestead in the Fourwith real lace. collar and cuffs and she looked so teenth Ward of this city, on the 9th of May, with fresh and well preserved one could scarcely ber family and friends, and was a most unique and. enlieve that she had lived half a century as wife and ... jit in rare is occurrence It the, a; joyable gathering. anaj nau passeat inrougnt so many oi me moincr, lives of married people to live half a century withchanging scenes of life and the drivings and mob-binout one or the other passing away; and perhaps which the Saints have suffered from rarer still to have so numerous and noble a posto time. terity as Bro. and Sister Home have around them. We join with the many genuine , friends ' and of on married the were 9th May,. 1836, They of Brother Sister. and in Home two months afterwards they were baptized into -- Wishin'" them rnntJnner? rrrcnr;to ""rl".:- f the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daness ' and long life with their numerous Saints by Elder Orson Hyde, so that the and noble family. We expect to publish in our-ne- xt date of their marriage and baptism is within the jsstie the poenwrijtte forthis happy occasame yeTf. A mptuoWdineF was preparedly sion by our estaemed poet sister Emily H. the children at the paternal mansion, and many ' sons and daughters and grandchildren sat down to the abundant repast. The evening was spent OUR CHILDREN. in social, family enjoyment, and the grandchildren entertained the older ones with music, recitations A pitiful and alst very instructive story was reand songs. lated to me the other evening by a lady friend. It On Monday evening the family and many of was of a little girl, who, from birth, was the idol-- : their relatives,nearly a. hundred in all,assembledat' ized pet of her father, mother, relativciFand their residence, though many friends were not friends. When she was four years old, she was able to attend,andsentnowers,gifts and good wishes presented with a fine baby brother. Being of a instead. Of those who had desired to be present, gentle, retiring nature, the little girl listened with and were not well enough, was our beloved and marked attention to the praises and compliments venerable sister and mother in Israel, Eliza R. showered upon the new baby, without giving utterSnow Smith--ThEldest son bein : absent in ance to her own opinion of him, or the feeliners Arizona, Joseph, the eldest one present, read to his presence created with her. the assembly letters of congratulations from Not long after the birth of the baby boy, the particular friends who were absent addressed to : the venerable pair on their having reached a parents were alarmed at the discovery that their cherished firstborn, who up to that time had been half century of united married happiness, remarkably well, was gradually failing in health, and these letters also contained expressions and to' render the matter still more serious, no of'gaod wishes and blessings. A telegram of clue could be obtained to the cause of the child's sincere congratulation was also received from decline, though the parents employed their best Mrs. E. B. Wells, sent from Washington, D. C. efforts, assisted by competent medical advisers. Following these a presentation, was made by The child could give no reason herself why she ElderJoseph Home to his father, with a few per tinent remarks, of an elegant gold watch and no longer had any desire to eat, why her playthings were all uninteresting to her, or why she chain from his children, and a handsome charm locket from his grandchildren. To the mother he seemed nervous and restless in her sleep; yet certain it was that she had changed from a happy, made a presentation of a" watch chain and slide rosy little girl to a pensive, pale one, and still a pair of gold rimmed with cameo, and grew paler and weaker every day. spectacles from Jier children, and a heavy She was one day quietly sitting by herselfj as rinro with three pearls, from . her ofold children often do, when her father drew very near the of One daughters, grandchildren. to her without attracting her attention. He Mrs. M. H. Tingey, read a very appropriate poem watched her carefully, and listened earnestly to written for the occasion by Mrs. E. H. Woodmansee. ur. xl. z. uarney reaa an aaaress in ocuau catch the words she was uttering, hoping to find and sisters. of the presented, from some trace of the cause of her late apathy, and he was rewarded.. lie heard her say, 'Tommy .is of them a handsome gold thim several Mrs. Home friends From ble. other everything now, everybody loves Tommy, but other valuable presents received several they don't care anything about me any more!" The truth burst suddenly up n the -- father's a gold collar button, with diamond, pretty charm for watch chain, gold and moss agate, silver and mind his little girl was pining for the love she gold tankard, silver and gold spoonholder, gold thought she had lost in the advent of her baby brother. She had given no sign of vengeful feel scarf pin, and other pretty and useful articles. The only person present at the golden wedding ings, as some little ones do who consider their who had witnessed the marriage ceremony of the rights infringed upon, but her sensitive nature the sister could not well endure the sudden change of hear-hostand hostess, fifty years before,-wa-s of Mrs. Horne, Mrs, Harriet Ellis of Bountiful. ing and seeing another take the first place in every one's affection, which had formerly been her own. Bro. and Sister Horne have had a very large It was a well timed and most fortunate discovery. family fifteen children in all, ten ofjwhom are The parents took good care that their little living, all honored and useful members of society, n daughter did not again feel the want of love and grandchildren and three The opening speech ,was made by acting attention, and she was soon.nursed and petted back to her wonted health and happiness. Bishop Brown, who mentioned in his remarks When I heard this story itforcibly reminded me that it had been talkeu of that an entertain. of twofovery Frttfe girls who r'e'tfratJy lived rrcar ttfrtrt sh&rfd be atraitgd by tfrc tv'ard at tbj rra!, were-wreath- ed l.i 1 - i . gs -- ; y r li-ir- rJ Wood--manse- e.. e . . sixty-seve- - great-grandchildre- n. 