rs . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . g'jrae 01 me more, noxaoie ones, a bnauow 01 . tangibility, which at hrst si wit, outfit hut eight onlyjrseems almost as plausible as a skeleton's visible, or a vagrant s imaginary means of support? Simply this and nothing more: the "Mormons," like all true Bibfe believers, hold that the Godot-heaveand Maker of the earth intends ere long to pay a. personal visit to this. " L' i. i. l ' K puiuei, iu lase ior a season tne reins oi goveruincut into Hi3 own hands, establishing a,reign of universal 'peace and righteousness and requiring all nations to acknowledge Hi3 sceptre. Therf nrthp.r holiprp. that aa -- usnal. Ha-hsent word on ahead, in order not to take the world entirely uifaware, and has commissioned men to preach certain humble, , fellow creatures and the glad tidings to they-His the for coming. way prepare This is the. very head and 'front of "Mormon treason, rebellion," and all the rest of the claptrap which continually Tsalutes the "tired eyes and ears of a". Iong-s- tiering public. It is the government of God thnf. t.hPAP. Christian nriests andpoliticians. regard as a foreign powerj.it is Jesus Chrisl whom they stigmatize as an inva der, and whose approach they are preparing to repel with all the force and fury at their com7T tin manu. vno wouiu nave tnougnt tnat tne parable of .the Vineyard would find its applica- Ti nntoan fV tinn in lantiiri' oiirl ! ita land of the free and the home of the brave?" Who would have- s!Ji'opd that, in this nrnft-ssedlv C'tinsM Ui m iti ,i, a Bible prophecy in relation tu flu: coming of the King of kings would be used as a rvrejext'to justify tho suppression of a people and religion whose only crime is clinging to the hope of its literal fulI . I A ' X" I . . as God-fearin- - g u 1 1 1 : . 1 . , 1 - - - J 1 1 1 ill. 11 1 . II lliH Ul At. Vt 111 IJU bllC Still C tl U H IAJ keep away honest investigation into the merits of 4,Mormonism?" What next will afford. a temporary rampart for the eoneplnitors who are too cowardly to aail thU much maligned religion except from behind a barricade of subterfuge, Hophislry, miseoJstructions and . inake-beiievej3- ?- : Orson F. Wjiitniiv. SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTEK QUARTERS. BY IIELEX MAli WHITNEY. . : warned of it in urtaras, am inter coming to tbe valley she had the following one, which she told to members of the. family, at which time she professed to be strong in the faith: .. She dreamed that she wa3 walking with father's wives, my mother leading the way, up a steep mountain', till they came to a narrow, a tunnel, which looked impossible place-likfor any one to go through; but she said they she refused r all went Ui rough but herself,-an- d is saying, "I had rather go round, if it farther, than to go, through that place," although mother plead with her, reaching out her hands, as she besought, her to come, a3 that was the only way, and she was distressed at the thought of leaving her there alone. She also assured her of their safety, and Low glad they were that they had passed through; "though, said she, "it crushed me till I could hear' my bones snap; but you are smaller, Frances, and it could not hurt you as it did me." But it was she lacked the faith and huall to mility necessary to endure what the Saints of God are regu i red to to. make them fi t for the kingdom .of heaven. A -- few years from that date saw her in California, the wife of a man younger than herself, one whom she had, known in Nauvoo previous to becoming my father's " wife:It was quite a surprise to her ac- quaiutances at Salt Lake, that she should have taken up" with the man she had once considered so inf.'H r to the one whom she had chosen to be her b ader thrbugh time and all eternity. I know that during her sojourn with and his family he sought her welfare happiness, in connection with' all the rest, as When she faithfully as a nmi could do. wduld be laboring under temptation, he would talk and reason with her like a kind, considerate father, as he was, and. this is the course he took with his numerous family, and which he ..was. .no ted for among those who knew himrbest,-unt-il his manifold cares and 'responsibilities, W 1 r ex-tendei- 'to ' n, - ' . Mrs EvelynT TrUnderhill, of New York summons Uity, lately receivea : LO , w Biiur cause rcpui.ii iiCi3kLLLj.ua,juA be Mrs. should she Underhill exempt: why knew no she of reason "that why she replied should.be exempt, and was entirely willing to serve. Whereupon the Portland Argus says" "How unlike a man!" '. -- aa-impera- Mme. Patti had a curious experience recent- ly of the enthusiasm of Roumanian women. She had just finished one of her most effective arias in the opera house of Bucharest, when a number of women suddenly rose to their feet and threw white pigeons with ribbons on their necks upon the "Stage, until the singer was sur- rounded by the fluttering birds. ; no-avail- 2 . Governor Seymour's aversion to display the erection; of howy monuments. Acting in accord with" his views, he selected and paid for his monument some ten years ago. It lie3 where he found it, in the town of Rem-seOneida County, and consists of a boulder of native granite, 51 feet long, 2 feet wide, and' " 1 feet thick. v ; e . In accordance with a resolution the American Woman Suffrage Association, ed at its last, annual meetin?-.tnuu tne nanKLiai- uuuiiu uuuiagc vsauuia- tion in the effort to secure a sixteenth amend- of-- , o - mpnf. 5i. mpmnriiil tn i,nnorrpta hrtK'a irnprl officers of the American Association, asking for a Constitutional amendment forbidding on account of sex, was forwarded this week to Senator George F. Hoar. . . Senator. Edmunds has introduced a newMormon bill. With all the terrible sufferings of his people close at hand, he can see no service for humanity nearer than Utah! This bill repeals woman suffrage Thus, in a state of society claimed" to be specially hostile to woman, he robs her of her best weapon of de" t heH ncr eamn i n c rea s i n g- - w i t h--h The bill declares that g fense, the ballot. toil and auxiety for tfie welfare of this people, . -- children born of other than the lawful wife in cjnnection with his brethren, left him little shall, not inherit their father's property. This time to listen, or to make a balm to heal every is devilishand when wesay it we want to ask old Nick's pardon. It outrages humanity andwound, real or fancied, or to untie every knotdone have been better could that ty question justice. What can be more mean and cruel concerned. who those most were than to cast a stigma upon an innocent child by NOTES AND NEWS. I had Nauvoo. Our intimate acriHintannt pioneers had left. ?he was theu living with Sisters Presendia and Laura Kimball, and was in the enjoyment of her religion, and the love of God reigned in our midst tothat extent that it brought love and charity for one another, and drove away every ill feeding that had previously had place in our hearts, proving beyond doubt; that --we had found the true patli, and the only one that will take us into the celestial kingdom. i iauuert nao oeen educated m Scotland, and was a women of no ordinary talent. She was capable of doing a. great amount of good, but when out from under the influence of the good spirit, she was subject to the greatest temptation, and at times the powers of darkness eeim:d to have perfect control over her, which made lu-but desirable. We ciely anything understand that the greater light one receives the. greater arc the temptations afterwards,' Miss Kellogg,. SHe was (Continued.) known very little of Frances Swan previous to our coining to Winter Quarters. I had met her at the house of Sister Sil vie Lyons, when she made her hoim' in Nauvoo, and understood her to be my father's wife.". Through' report, somy of" our fatnilyiiad' formed rather an unfavorable opinion ot her, but knew nothing against her: Sw had borne father one child, which died, i believe, before leaving to the birthplace of Again." in compliment '' ' fair away, and and tjie more Jiable one is to Anthouy estimates that twenty-simembers. of the. U. S. Senate are in favor .of x . ' ' Miss Louisa Alcott has had her features perin bronze petuated in a fine profile bas-relief by M. W. Rickertson, of Bosfon. Miss Ada Sweet made a witty ppeech. in behalf of old mai(ls beforetheorosis Club tlie"otlieFday. The Chicago Inler-Oceasays, :4,If all 'old maids' were like Miss Sweet they would need no defense." r,C. A statue of Queen Victoria, by the Princess Louise,. has been placed in the front of Lich-- . field .Cathedral. Her son, the Duke of Edinburgh , recently gave - a violin performance at a public concert in London. -- The fate of successful patent medicine men is not always happy. Ayer and Helmbold became insane, and now we hear that Perry Davis, of "Pain Killer" fame, is a lunatic in a ' Philadelphia almshouse j Medical Record. Miss Clara Louise Kellogg recently visited her birthplace, the town of Sumter, S. C.,and gave a concert there. On the arrival of the cars the members of her company arose in their seats and disembarked, giuging "Home . - and debar it the rights of inheritance. For shame, Senator Edmunds, to turn your back thus upon the progress of your age. ' You seek to right one wrong by the commission of another iar more atrocious and than the plural marriage of Utah the degradation of woman and the stamping of the brand of disgrace and poverty upon innocent childhood! Our Country, Dec. 28, 1885. The passage of the Edmunds bill, to destroy the Mormon church, by a vote of 38 to 7 is one of the most disgraceful acts of American legislation. That bill abolishes woman suffrage, denies the rights ff illhpritonn fr l'nnnonf nhilAren and appoints trustees to seize the estates of the churches- - It is the offspring of avarice, bigotry and lust aiming to remove all the safeguards of law, that they may prey upon the lands, : n --- . far-reachi- ng ; : - . . . Miss woman suffrage. - - rtrOnPrf'.V Anil WA'mon i 'PL J f o A at nno aa ranrla t iuc.uuiuer innuence, wnicn gets upinaian' wars that it may thrive on plunder is behind this bill. A few senile and bloodless bigots who love persecution, really believe in it. Most, however, who voted for it were driven 1 . i ' i . A i by the terrorism skillfully managed by Edmunds. They were afraid- to be called Mormons if they did not vote down liberty under the pretext of extirpating polygamy. class would seize, the property of Catholics and tunTthe Sisters of Charity to the mob, if thev" dared! Our Country, over - The-sam- Jan. 16, 18(. . e , 