WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' ery (lay " court?, but the the past. Joseph the Seer with the Urim and Thumraim, and around him were his few staunch followers. Mother 'Whitney has told me of his struggles with himself and his brethren in that room, when he would pace the floor backwards and forwards, and 'in her room just underneath she could hear him, and O so many precious things she has told rae of those wonderful days that are known to none as she knew them. How 1 WISll li'vinrnnw a tbaAsha-cou- luvovrte H " pending. - '.' made manifest against us, and boldly contest for our constitutional rights. We fear there to save the it" will gotfown. We nation, and like Sodom, are earnestlv watchiner the progress that both powers are making, with perfect confidence as to the result,; and praying iwKreDgiaw iauu fnr thA rausfi nf Hod when our time oi tnai We humbly pray that God will comfort and support the Prisoner, tjne lugmve ana tne ne reaved for tfis cause. -- Sisters of the Mancos Ward In our great anxietv and desire to benefit the poor Indian from his wretched,' and uplift . t I t degraded and uncivilized conaition, 15 it' not alwavsrwell to bo careful how we undertake to pull down his poor old wigwam until we 1 1 -- -- can provide him a better one? Lest by so do ing. we might pot only cause him a vast amount of unnecessary trouble" and suffering, bat our selves also. So likewise in respect to the very perplexing "Utah problem. Is it wise to attempt to regardto their honest and conscientious religious belief, especially concerning the marriage question? Do the people at large, and the members of the other Christian expect this "peculiar people" to renounce their belief in polygamy until they can be shown a better system of marriage than any now in existence in the knownorld? For have not all these systems simply proved a grand and complete failure to introduce that beautiful heaven of peace and righteousness which Christ came to establish on earth, and which He taught His Saints to especially pray for? i And would it not also be proper for all to just bear in mind that "the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong?" , "We, the women of Manco3 Ward .Relief Society, wisJi to express, through the columns of your paper, our heartfelt sympathy for our brethren and sisters' who are undergoing such bitter persecutions for the love of our holy religion. nt ' . IWpect Hill, Salt Lake City. d. -- non-polygamo- us that-wom- Woman's Journal. - Gideon. There is almost no limit to the physical development and health that may be gained and maintained by walking that is done for the purpose of exercise. Any one can find time and space in which to walk, and one can find congenial company for such trip3. A prospective husband 13 not the best company at such times, for with him the walk will almost inevitably degenerate iuto a saunter; further, no woman can walk freely when custom or affection compels her to lean upon a masculine armr To be beneficial, walking must' be done in shoes broad enough to let the feet be placed firmly upon the ground at every step, and in clothing which will allow free play to the lungs and arms. The step should be as quick as can be maintained without causing The pedestrian should breathe through ' the nose, carry the head erect, and not be afraid 1. of becoming high shouldered. NOTES AND NEWS. Astronomers promise that a bright comet will be visible just before sunrise during the latter part of May. It is the comet "1886," discovered lately by Professor Barnard. It is said that the use of smelling salts produces irritation wrhich in many cases destroys the sense of smell. Sore throat, violent headaches, and red "noses, also- result from this fashionable habit. Sore throat and headache a society belle tcanbear but a red noser - THE FEMALE VOTE.. 1 It if women vote, they will be to have candidates for office, (thoughno is often said man has to be a candidate for office unless he chooses) and that they. will then be abused in the newspapers actually, in the newspapers! There U always in these arguments a tacit assumption that as long as women cannot vote they will be secure from abuse in the newspapers. But the papera that are opposed to woman suffrage are ready to assail a woman roughly as if she were a man, general- vengthese-wrnTrgsrdid thejrnot know that jiMas rashneis on thrir part would only add to the 1, mueeu, wun an aaaea mng on the score of her sex. Witness the Boston Herald, which per,eeutio:.sY!' the people. We read also with in a conspicuous editorial: pain and sorrow "of our.beloved leaders beine says deprived t th.ir 'liberty and the kindly ass "In a shrieky letter to Senator Edmunds' ciation of .family and friends, at an advanced Mrs. De Lozier, of New York, protests with a' period of lit'-,- , after raveling thousands -- of blindness to facts characteristic of some mem-ber- s miles to cirty !le words of life andsalvation of her sex, against depriving the Mormon to their fellow ;ueu, but we have great n leaders in Utah of that bulwark of polygamy t jw knowledge that God is at the woman 'suffrage. 'The right of suffrage be ht lm and will avenge our wrongs."longs to those women as a right of When these wrongs can be inflicted by such their nature,' says the writer. On the conquestionable characters 'as the present court trary, the was them given right by an act of minions, with not only the sanction of the Congress, and, having operated to strengthen . -a- up- root and destroy the very foundation, and evea the Iwpe of therofessed Latter-da- y Saints, in WOMAN'S VOICE. -- e PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT. all-importa- - Blindness to facts seems not to be a purely feminine characteristic; for the foregoing paragraph con tains almost as many errors as it does assertions. In the first place, the lady's namois" Mrs. Dr. Lozier, not Mrs. De Lozier. not In theecond place, the Utah women-werof act but "an enfranchised by Congress," by the In Utah the third act of an Legislature. nkpp. woman suffraGre has in no preceptiblo (way strengthened the Mormon power; four- men ot the rem-tor- y fifths of the being Mormons, it makes- not the slightest practical difference to the Mormon power whether the women, vote or not. But in view of the language habitually, used by a certain class of newspaper writers towards women with whonTthey do not agree, is it not time to en are treated drop the argument with respect, not because of their sex, or their goodness, or their wwdom, but because of their inability to vote? Exponents Editor-Woma- n's . Although somewhat removed from the immediate scene of affliction,-weare none the "less interested iirourdearbret!iren and sisters We fully that are enduring these trials. realize that it isonly a matter of time, when we, too, will have to give as strong a proof of our faith in the work of God established in these last xla'3 for the exaltation of inan-kiu' 2 J- We read with a feeling of horror and -chagri n o f- ou r sisters bei ng d ragged before courts aud compelled to answer questions that no man with one spark of manhood could be induced to ask of tlWprivacy of their bedrooms being invaded, withoutcyen allowing them time to dress, of their being, thrust into .prison in "a condition. that has demanded the rTEvspect of i?ien worthy the name in aU ages. We read'of these things, and; many more of like character, with feelings of deepest sympathy for our brethren and sister3. We know that they aro bravo and noble enough to II. S. the Mormon power, it is about to be revoked." SOME QUERIES. . Ewtoi. Exponent: . baint jn in Congress of than king God for the presence those few noble men that dare face the flood of bitterness and hate, that is almost everywhere W inin with fiverv true Latter-da- y .comes. in-1'tim- - fled and honor departed trom tne nation, xi seems that the end is not yet,from the bills now I the beautiful things as she could describe them episodes in history that ought to have been left on record. JBut she has. gone, Sister Woodru If has gone, and SistervMarinda Hyde lias gone now, and soon there will not be one of those who first received endowments in the old brick store in Nauvoo. There were only, a few at the time, and so many of them are dead, especially the women. Bathsheba Smith is the only one I can recall at the present time,' unless it is Augusta Winters' grandmother, and I am not sure about her. One thing I do think ought to have been officially stated by Mother Whitney in her own handwriting, and that-i- v her Knowledge-Emm- a To be sure there i Smith's giving Joseph wives but is testimony from thewives, coming from one outside the family, and a first wife" and friend would be very much stronger with those not convinced. Still, X suppose it would be like those of old, who the Savior said would not believe though one rose from the dead. Yesterday the Memorial of the Women of Utah was presented in the Senate and published in full in the Record, and now only the House remains to be heard from. We intend to get it referred to a committee there, and then see what can be done with the committee. justice has governmeurel 1 conso-Jalionj- - God-give- n never! The tree known as the "traveler's tree" is abundant in Madagascar, and rises from the ground with a thick, succulent stem. Long, broad leaves grow from opposite sides of the stalk, so that the tree looks like a huge green,, open fan. During the most arid season the tree contains a large quantity of pure, fresh water, supplying to the traveler the absence of wells in the desert. ' So abundant and pure is the wate- r- that- - the natives -- will-nottake to go to a spring or well, but draw off and drink the fluid of this tree. A thrust of the spear into the thick, firm end of the leaf stalk, where it joins the trunk, will be followed by a copious flow of ice cold, clear, and perfectly sweet water. . the-troub- The criterion of true beauty is that it increases on examination; if false, that it lessens. There is something, therefore, in true beauty that corresponds with right reason, and is not merely the. creation of fancy. Lord Greenville. '. " le 