WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 102 : good tbiug' ; testified to the truth of all that had bee u ?Md. .. Sister 1st. W. Wilcox said we should not shrink beniath the chastening rod, and bore a faithful tJfitiiuoiiv. Hister-LG- -i Kicbrtrdrf-had been vidfing in r the country., and had enjoyed it very much, ..and made a few; remarks on Sabbath breaking. Prest Horrie reminded j the Presidents ami Secretaries oi the Relief Society 'Conference, .and adjournud the meeting fur two week:. m. brown. ;. bmgmg. Beiivdictiem by j JV;;j;.wv j aTFTT i lii'iii:. V'-l- " ' j " todabmer in tue-caus- e 6. ' . ofruth,'' M BoyacK i A . For the Kxi'aNi:NT. ", HENRIETTA'S "klRTING. Ti:.:e on;' The meetings were me oe- .light of Henrietta's heart, and the brethren of the. faints and the sitters in the, Church' were as dear to her as her own relatives. Her ht&rt was .tilled with dove-anpeace, and Uie.soirit of ulhcriti g rested uooi.r' and shu iohgejj JoOff Zion, to the valleys of juuru.y to' the':, far REPORTS WASATCn STAKE. Semi-an- Vial ; number of the otheW brethren. The choir saur, 'wtet is tiu' work," prayer being offei til by Sisttr .Marv E. Cluif, ITiaut-ewritten report ".vcrer rca-- i and a xmrvt vrtlr Prest. Kniuia Brown ''aiKl her' Counselors, Sis- ters Daybell and Alexander, dwelt strongly m the subjects (r the wureJ .of wisdom, and tram-.- . .'in the minds oT the youn tadit them for future use in the?;kiud;in of Gd. All the branches, eigtt in. number, were most ably represented by ihtir president-- ; also ' a large numberi;futeiu bera from t'.ieh plar--- . no Ihe veroal ..reports 'were a?, usual, saow-ndecrease in either memocrs,,or energy on ' of the sisters. "7 Coun. T. II. Giles "encouraged the sifters; ener- Bishop R. S. Duke also spoke, well -- Sahl "Wc getic enterprise among to fullill every duty required of a must strive s ; and-.nrenar- the-par- - of-th- the-rister- Latter-day'Saint- e s. ." , The meetings were well attended, the singing by the choir excellent, and a; good spirit Each went home prevailed through rjt. editied and streiigt!ienedj encouraged. onirrence-atijotirne- icg. ri 1TE3IS FROM ST. GEOJ1GE.. u-er- the' mountains. Tier 'lover, to whom she had plighted her ahead uf his troth, bade. her gvod byei-taninpart iit.--j and relative?, so as to 'make them a iiorae in the Tar West. The nardug was not lmv-i.. a- ior id en rietta ,ex(K:cieii 'io-months. I - Thuy.pa;sedaway quiekiy. - The. time ha come wneii ta a rouiz'.ii Jitweeri mother and daugnter, brotlr. rs, and sii ter' took place. Tke carriage was at the door. Her mother was weeoing,. wringing oer Ji.ui.Js her huir in grief at parting wilh nd i ana oiotii, r ner Henri et La'.s heart iilleTl with were crvinr. sorrow, lor sue Liiaw parting irum Wi.e;a-unttiter met in the great hereafter. Giving parting kisses and words, she ran ir.Qni.the house and .juaiped into the waitings .carriage, that bore her swiftly away from her childlioud's home, her dear aud loved mother, , her brother and si.--. ter.-.- . ' ' could dove of the Gospel Xoihing bat the have induced her to part with them, and it was this love that gave comfort to he I sorrowing ... heart. hd tew-stior- a t . i i i ur ; t -- rr-aiu- i ibrotherkiiiidisiej,siltoZin il a . . j .. j i j e s, -- It She was a good, true woman; and mucksympathy is feitT for her friends in their afilic- ; tion. A few days later Sister Mariette Calkin passed away after afew days illness. The cause of her death urns a cold, vvhich. settled on her lungs,: though she has been very feeble for a long time, being kept up only by her strong r i gf - mralfy ; known,-"Unch- . Billy' was-gathere- to his fathers. Old age and general debility was the cause of his death. fie ha- - been in a very low state for a long -- tiine, "an,d there is a general feeling of relief that so good a man is relieved of his sufferings; also of sympathy for his ageel companion in her lonely condition. On' the- lcUh inst. a very enjoyable time was spent by the members of the Fourth Ward Re-- , .lief Society and "their friends, the event being the 70:h birthday of Sister Anna L. Tvius, Stake President of Relief Society. The Sisters planned a surprise for Sister fvins. Tables were spread iii the Lyceum, at which a hunelred people sat dowm. After supperSister Eyring, in behalf of the R. S., presented "Aunt Anna" with a nice. shawl. Speeches were made bv a number of the brethren, .which wTere listened to with'great Interest.- At dark the party broke up, all feeling amply repaid for their efforts to do her honor. We are having a snow storm an unusual thing in Dixie.: you success, as'ever, Wishing .. . - . to-da- y,' Cactus. A SIMILAR INCIDENT. 1 j T ! . i : Her face will be missed from among. us, still we feel that she is happy, having joined her "iKvadaiKrchl!dfenttdr of." w.HonijIied.tnany.-- : year; a(ro. hollowing closely npun Sister Calkin, Tiro. IV m. G. Perkins, Patriarch, or, as heWas more Will. J I "" - ' ... de'-"- mise. ; it-w- . -- . The ship lav", at anchor. It was to i;e the ho,ae of many a .'.ami lor iae long weeks they s. a. ia iioated upon the broa'd ocean to the western i. A5I) juab a land. Edito Exponent: It was late, in the afternoon when Henrietta As I have never reen anything in the"! came on board, .and!oa the crowded. deck' order columns of our valuable paper about the Relief 4 had nut reigned She 'a at on her trunk watchSociety of Juab, 1 thought I would send you ing the fading shore", the blue waters, the, many a few items. - ; ? "j ships, the tirtd groups around her, until the The oOth of October waTXhe third: anniver;" twilight faded, and rovai uiadiL beieweled with sary4of the organization of our Relief Society stars, was her companion. and Primary Association. 'We had a very en- Through the long hours of th night watch le time; the programme occupied two thought of her mother, brothers and sisters, with .and her lovely Scotch home, aud many friends hours, songs and recitations, dialogues siie nad saia to a 11 a long. Ion i'artiw reports of the Associations, by. members of both. long farewell, and "Weil might her vouthiui After the exercises were' over, we had some heart feel sad, as che realized that it might be very good instructions given us by Sifter .Pi ten- - J a last farewell. J forth and "Bishop. Taylor, and at one' o'clock a j Then came the comforting assurance that' meeting was called of the si ters, aud addresses she vas only obeying tlie command of God, were made, m which encouragement and much whose spirit' impelled the Saints: to leave their native iajidUad .flee to Zion, afar off-ithe good and very valuable instructions wej-- given from Prest. Pitehfortn.ahd Brother and .Sister .topi uf the mountains. The cheering influence of His Spirit fell upon her heart", and as she Bigler of Xephi. In the afternoon we had a dance for the mused upon His goodness and merciful kind-nes'Z. children, and fur the older ihlks at in restoring the Gopel to the. earth, ami night. The Relief Society here was in bringing her to a. knowledge uf the same, on the lGth of last April, wjth Sarah Boyack, her mart with happiness bverllowed. President; Christina Jensen and Mary E.'Tav- ineu came the thoughts gi the.tuturr, and Frances lor, Counselors; Jackamn, Secretary; glad antieiaiioif swelled her bosom, as" she Beil Taylor "Assistant Secretary; Christina Jen- - dwelt upon the meeting with her lover in a city son Treasurer. The Primary of this place of the west. ' was oa the 13th oT last September, Stais rose and set. The great dipper wheeled with Ruth E. Chase, Preddmt; M. Bovack and around the polar tar, and at Ll ik, briljuut T t l an to ner auuiu dtiuiiiigj, counselors; tar vo.ertoa, mornmg j approach o; oeeretary; Retta Ulerion, Assistant Secretary; j day Faiut bars of light app,ared in the May Wilson, Treasurer. The Relief Society "wideuing and brightening, until the fieecv nave nineteen members , enrolled, and' the " clouds blushed rosy red, then turned to purple " far removed from' "head--"' not wish to be considered by our northern friends as out of the world, and so 1 take my pen to give you a few items con' cerning the sunny suutm j The- health of the pe ople is generally good, the. faU quite a number of ;aIthoo ;jhr-lurihchildren were aliiicteei with a kind of intermit tent fever, ail of whom recovered. ..During the ast few daya three of the members of-oward have been laid "away" to their final rest,' viz.: Sister, Annie Burgess Syphus, She fro. a. the eilect :of puerperal convulsions.-.leaves n husband, a neNVljcnrn babe, parents, so ; All hough quarters"" we do g - . .; ' i'-- S. Dukelienedietipndjy Iishop ' J(WE1II'IN'E ClUFP J()NE;i, Su 11 i u iT7 ror?ixrTrionrri?r : , .'. conference of, the Wafateh Stake was held dt lieber, Nov, ."Lh.On" tlie gtamjt were Vs'ai. Tniaa Brown and Coun-ei- '' and the presidents i the dilf. rent .brnrjehes, Coun.fhoiaas II. Gjlt several bishops "and. The : -- s.a-c:- . ' .. - e 1 i. Nwv. j -- --- To;s- - iv ' - . ml gold, as the. king of day asserted his sway, i i i . a a ?mlleu once more unou mt: worm. But as ins lit, up the shore and beach, calm ocean, the beautiful and the busy city panorama of the skies faded," and distinctly : every 71 bjeet 7 was ,p rosea ted"' to" UieTbservaiit ' " ': '; eye. Soon 'the deck was cleared of boxesTrunks,-bundle.and people, and everybody knew where their vii iittie home was portioned off, and Hurler, was restored. Tke ship moved slowly out to sea. the land .was lost in the recediuc distance, and the; first day of the voyage, be- - .'. Both omi uizatibus tweui condition at present. I re- pms i Siste:: Wells: - In )erusing the Exponent of October 15th, noticed aa article signed "Aunt Em," the caption "When we were Girls." It brought to mind an incident similar, only ''When we were ' Boys." "." , 