WOMAN'S EXPONENT. f; Squth Ai'ICSrr, Isaac Missouri; Damson, Carolina; William Sr Struble, Iowa;. Charles' S. Baker, New York; William C. Binger Herman, Oregon: George 1). JSymes, uoioraoo; An tnony Joseph, iNew rinnnc'r. Ohio: .'HfovIVV.' ' - ii These gentlemen s postoince address is, ' of "House Representatives, Washington, ' D. C." Suffragists in other States will please write Mr. Hill the "chairman of the Committee, at the above address, and thus' enable the Com- mittee ta see now wide and. strongs the opposi- tion to the proposed wrong.' As the Boston 'Record objects to my suggesonnose Senator Edmunds's tion that we should T. next year, let me say no one objects, to him because of his opinions. We do so because of his acts.' It is one thing to hold an opinion; quite another to force others to act . -- .T . V ir . X L that opinion. Mr. Edmunds's opinion in favor of" eontinuinp the existing disfranchise- - on As-eac- h each recipe under its proper heading in the general index, and there will be no trouble iu finding it. Under "sundries" write any practical suggestions with regard to household mat-terSuch a book is of the greatest assistance to a .housekeeper, for it 'presents in succinct form her actual experience, and enables her to prepare her weekly bill of fare with the great- est ease. Lou'millc Courier-Journa. Hamilton Willcox. s. RECEPTION. SOME OF ITS PECULIARITIES NOTED BY A WIDEAWAKE CORRESPONDENT. "She has always magnified little troul "was said of one suffering the torments of acute melancholia. What a warning' in those few words, emphasized by looking into the wretched, worn and weary face, of her who had once been called ''theprettiest girl in town." She magnified little troubles! What serious troubles they have at last become, threatening reason if not life itself! Her sickness, like Women's Club,lately on the Indian question. M lss-- J? the" Indians to .. i i i i . ner. prosecuie arcnoeoiogicai studies, ana returns to the States fired with the same apostolic ardor which made Helen Jackson write "Ra-raona" and "A Century of Dishonor." Miss, Fletcher's lecture converted a good many peo- pie . to a fuller belief in the wrongs of the Indians, and the bad faith of governmBnt--; officials in their dealing with them. , - ii letcher-TventTim- ong . -- -- , ( ia im w Miss Cleveland held her first from 3 to 4 o'clock afternoon receptions on Tuesday. These are perfectly informal so, far as, aught at the White House can lack stateliness. One of the doors from the vestibule into the red corridor stands open, with a man in. attendance. - Cards are left in the vestibule lor record, and the visitor is announced at the door of the Red Parlor. This room with its j'urnishings lends itself delightfully to cosy I he sumptuous gold and crhnson juphols teries, the UUI IUU VJVAi VUCll uic, tuu CUit liiil. comingjbrough ' partially drawn curtains, and bw chandeliers, with the fragrance of flowers; make the ensemble deliciously sensuous. Miss Cleveland, greets each comer with an easy grace, and with that remarkable smile extends her hand. Her dress is of black silk. demi-train- , with berthe and panels of; heavy jet passementerie, narrow frills of lace in neck and at her hands, and at her throat a single crisp, lace-makin- g. e; fellow-workwom- d-- -- - ' . . 1 . 1 . ' 1 1 ... " esi - - ar-fiv- al ?t en-Jo- of-th- T , 1 - ; e be-cau- se en . tete-a-tet- e. r r luo UUJ 6rr frau u in oi iae xjaivnia, even in uuiuau, recognition great trifles, thing, allowing disappointments, service rendered to the workmc wompn nf to'.sadden and depress her, giving way to "the blues" and fretting over the veriest nothings, Saxony more than three hundred years ago, when great distress was prevailing on account until in the course of the years they of lack of work. Barbara Uttman made a'" have piled themselves into a huge mountain . journey to Brussels and learned of difficulties which rest an immovable load then return? mating a specialty oi point-lacupon her own heart. to she ing Annaberg instructed, her Socrates said how truly, that we each carry in this art, and so relieved. a. gyeat .. about a dcemon, and the Scriptural record of deal of suflering. The monument is a drink- 'demoniacal possession is no fable. How do we live with our daemon, that is the question. Is ing fountain surmounted by a statue of Mrs, 1 it our ''divinity" or our "evil spirit?" Do we Uttman in the German dress of the middle of the sixteenth century. This is about the first" assert, our -- intelligence and hold him to his worth that has recognition of woman's place of service, controlling ourselves even public ' been made in Germany. r en d u rance or when harassed -- al mos do we yield to each petty trial and annoyance, A very interesting discovery has been made -e, in and fret over every insignificant-triflworry England, in the crypt of Winchester Cathe until, the habit becomes a second nature? dral, in which excavations are being carried on by the direction of Dr. Kitchen, the dean, to "This way madness lies." ..restore the crypts to their ancient proportions Think of it, at every fretful, discontented by removing modern accumulations of earth. word. Think of it when you' fed worried.' and In a mass of masonry just under the groined sM'ink from formino; the -habit as from contact arch of the' fifteen-centur- y Lady Chanel a PC 11 .1..:' ii 1.. witn a deadly serpent, cultivate me grace oi laaen comn, enclosing a wooden one, was takinir life" easy. "To bear is to conquer our found, and in thelatterwas the skeleton-n- f live a t a t im e. Bishop Peter Courtenay, this fact being estah- late. . we nave but a "day Who cannot easily be gracious and- forbear- - lished by the coat of Arms at the foot of the ing and gentle fora single day. At least we cross cast on the coffin lirT. I h is Bishop, in The Mexican wo uwuuica vi Atiyuaiu iuv can live uncomplainingly. xnirusreign, was mother, whispers over the' cradle of hernew a Lancastrian and an exile with hi3 brother in the cause of Henry Tudor; after the battle of born' babe, "Child, thou art born to suffer, enBosworth they returned, and the .Bishop was dure and hold th peace." If we takelife in'tragic seriousness, magnify subsequently translated from Oxford to Wining the .little troubles, iiow hard and iinbeauti-ful- , chester. He died in 1492. He gave the great r bell "Peter" to Exeter Cathedral (since recast); and oftentimes bitter we make it for ourselves and others; but if on the contrary we and he wa3 an ancester of the present Earl of bring to each day's experience a determination Devon. The' restoration of'the great. No rinan'" to 1)3 serene, to be cheerful andcourageous, Jo "crypts of the Cathedral is exciting great iner-- ' and helpful to others, life be- - est among the antiquarians. be fast-flyin- g "" ' Miss Alice- C. Fletcher addressed the Melrose taking deeply to heart every little vexatious Cleveland sits down with the latest and, like ordinary, mortals, talks about the weather. "Lmake it a religious duty," ihe said, ''to spend" some time out of "doors ecry day. Yes, I ride; but after the gates re closed, between' the daylight and the dark-nesI take a walk about the grounds. I y deeply .the beauty sky and the glory" ot the sunsets we have here and the views "om the windows. I enjoyed the New Year -reception very much. I like my life here, lfc gives me the opportunity to meet so . DON'T WORRY. and-larcely-gel- Mis3 . l. qualities claimed for him. nestled. . , , no crime. Let me add that, during along residence in Washington, in which T saw considerable of Mr. Edmunds, I did not discover the; high its-rleav- -- . publication, "but I think the author gets at the 1L hearts of the people." T In speaking of her brother Miss Cleveland says "The President." She introduces each one who comes in to everybody else, and, this hour at the White House being her own institution, is likely to prove the most charming of Miss Cleveland's social life to all concerned. v MISS CLEVELAND'S , , : non-polygamo- New York. . , take the suffrage away from women who have had thejegal right for half a generation, and in whom that right has be come vested, is unpardonable. . Mr. Edmunds, as a lawyer, knows that this vested right can not be rightfully taken away, and that if this is done, it Trill be a sheer act of despotism, as well as the infliction of an odious penalty, di3 n T i L, r i irancmsement,'on cipzens who nave committed r 1 was a little tired comes a beautiful blessing to lis and all men, as we. stood until a very few Sor "a merry heart doeth good like a'medicine, Friday, minutes before the close of the reception The Jihut grief drieth the bones." ladies would not be excused while I remained; so, as I knew they had yet to' stand several TO PRESERVE RECIPES; Jioars at their own houses in the afternoon, I "withdrew with them at 2 o'clock. Our,, duties "What i3 the best way of keeping recipes bo here are those of nosinecure. The housekeepthat one doesmot have to hunt through masses ing duties are exacting, and sl.uow no inclinaof newspaper clippings?"', asks a correspon-tion toward a state of perfection in machinery ' ' -- :V: . dent. ;in .which the household might run itself."' A blank book bound in stiff boards or mus- Thus Miss 'Cleveland, pleasantly changing auditors constantly and saying just the inter- 71in, and divided into sections, is. the .best and most convenient form. An index i3 written esting thing to each person. "I hope to meet thus: "Soup," "sauces," "fish," "meat," "vege-- , you again," to Lieutenantand Mrs. Winthrop, who were saying good-b- y before leaving for tables,", "game," "dessert," "cakes," "bread," San Francisco. "The President received a "beverages," "sundries." These main divis-ion- s may be subdivided as desired. Allot a quantity of sheet music, which I have not had certain number of pages to each main division, time to examine. I will $eml it to you if you the proper heading in the body of the think it would be of interest," she said to Pro book. recipe is tried, copy it neatly Sousa, of the Marine Band, who called to pay into the bock under its proper heading. The his respects. not read the book sufficiently to printed recipe could be pasted in the book, but "I talk about its point," she said of a recent it does not look so neat as fair. writing. Index many interesting people. on last . ment of women might be overlooked; his disgraceful suggestion that women , cannot be voters without degrading themselves might be pardoned; his dogged efforts to prevent women - from earning an honest'living atr the bar (on which issue we beat him two to one in the U. S. Senate) might be forgiven; but liis effort to i 151 . self-forgettin- g - - i. . " 