181 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Some influential jnen .here, iprofess :to of the practice of plural marriage spreading through the United States.but when among people whobelieve it to be a divine command, few of them will accept it practically, though opportunities are to think that open to them, it does will be influenced in people outside the Church ! the world are indeed favor of iiiesystenx'Ka not good enoughTifrequires too mucn sacrifice of the day of self. It is the fashion and custom i. women ana cast mem . to betray asiae, o aoanaon one's own offspring if illegitimately born, and this does not bring any burden of support or responsi- Kilitv uDon the man. conseauentlv there' is no need of marriage. "Instances of this kiria are about as thick as dandelions in Spring time, and the facts are undeniable for "figures do not lie.'' In talking, with an intelligent bright jwoinan a few days since upon the matter, she expressed herself as believing that disreputable houses were a necessity and when we indignantly protested she modified it by saymg perljaps not for married menTthere was no excuse for them, but for young men and bachelors. What a terrible reflection " upon the nature of men. One would suppose' virtue to be unknown by. those bearing the honored title of the "lords of creation." Is it not time that woman as a rational being aroused herduties of the' age and by" self to every exertion possible maintain the rights of Is it not a women as a class to irirls imoortance be taurht-that matter of- suDreme l O o who walk the men the earth that the majority of in are the weaker of as the "protectors sex," reality the betrayers of virtue and seducers of innocence? Is there not work enough for women to do among their sisters in the world witho ut reaching away over to Utah to hunt psut a few plural wives, who have homes and children around them . honorably born in the new and everlasting covenant the world no more understand .1 ri vv c .man inougii- it wcic au uukuuwu luuguc: lir.have been told that there are women here in Washington petitioning for money to found a arduous duties in the" establishment-He- r. health had long been failing, but through her firm conviction that duty was imperative, and by the aid of her brave spirit, Sister Hyde was ever found duly at her post, ready, as far as in her lay, to fulfil the important duties of her position. Her kind heart was ever-isympathy with the sick and her,, afflicted, and tlieoo& andhe-needy-werunwith In us, meeting especial care. pretentious, kind and considerate of the feelings of her and laying out all her ability to secure love, peace and unity through all the assoHer ciations with which she was connected. life has been one of much trial, but she, came from the furnace as gold purified and refined, and always retained the cheerful happy spirit of youth,., even to her closing days. We shed the natural tears of love over her sweet memory, but we know she Has attained a fulness of glory, the rich re-- " ward of a Latter-daSaint, and we realize. that if with her in faithful we shall again be tunity to visit their own and their neighbor's children in their schools and meetings once jn a while, and such chances should never beJgnored "Mu tual improvement" is the result of the Primary meetings quite as much as of those held by our young gentlemen and ladies, and 110 true man or woman will visit our children's meetings without -.. , feeling One more hint. Never scold a child for feeling , disinclined to go to school or meeting. If gentle persuasion will not render the duty an agreeable ' one, harsh words or means will only . make it doubly disagreeable. This afternoon a little six year old boy was called in from play to get ready for Primary. He said he did not want to go, he was tired; did not want his face washed nor his hair brushed. These smaller difficulties, however, were soon overcome, and he wwsajade ready, but still did not want to go. His motheVproposed to go with him, which rendered matters s&mewhat sau better, but still, he preferred not to h& felt sick. The mother took him and his brother bliss-- -the.mansions-oLjinfadin- g a into room by .themselves and knelt down wiui in a sentence, when Longfellow puts a volume ' them to pray, lelling them to repeat the. words , .' he says, . after her. A short, appropriate prayer was offered "There is no death! what seems so i transition, ub. and then the little fellow was told to iro and : This life of mortal breath is but a suburb of the life lie down oiLhis bed while his mother should get ' Elysian, ready for meeting, and that if he then wished to Whose portal we call death." t stay at home he might. do so. Before the mother Sister Hyde will retain a share in the memories had quite, finished her preparations, the boy got ' of all, with whom she has in any way ever been up and put on his cap, ready and willing to ac7 associated. company her and his brother to meeting. The E. Howard, Ass't Sec. first hymn had been sung, and prayer was being the schoolhouse; this offered when fact caused the mother to reflect that in the future OUR CHILDREN. preparations for Primary must be commenced a little earlier, to make time for.unlooked for hinHow many mothers in Zion ever visit the meetdrances, which are always liable to occur.She ings held by the Primary Association ? Quiteaiarge had gained a point with her son, however, for number of the mothers in our ward visit our which she felt thankful. Primary once a year ; that is when the anniversary LULA. of the organization of the association is'celeb'rated, April 29th, 1886. and the children and officers get up an entertainment. One of those entertainments was given last week, and was in every sense of the word a PUBLICQUESTIONS: WHICH CANNOT BE SUPPRESSED. complete success. Certainly every parent who children who will be left desolate through the enattended the children's entertainment, held in the forcement of the Edmunds Law.,They may as well afternoon, or the "sociable" in the evening, which Rev. James Freeman Clarke, in a sermon pub Latter-day "Saint understand at once that no paper, lished inaheJastzissue jvas a continuation of the, former, given, by-tof woman woman will accept the "situation."" Congress may, the Saturday Eve?iing Gazette, speaks young ladies to the older members .of the ward, few legislate to inake the honored wife an outcast, but realize must have felt gratified. But perhaps suffrage as follows: as humiliation such all she will be spared entering how much work must be done by those engaged Another question which cannot be suppressed one of those homes; her sorrow will make her is woman suffrage. On the principles of aristoin such' matters, to bring about such grand success, cratic or oligarchal government of a few, then sacred, and the Church. of which she is a member or how much good might be done by the parents will see that no advantage is taken of the unthere may be reasons for confining suffrage to visiting therchildren's meetings occasionally, and men. Jf we believe in the goveOnent of the happy situation to add insult to injury or pierce giving such suggestions and encouragement as are the cruel wounds more deeply. "Mormons" . people,by the people, and for the people, no such , .they may have to offer. are not asking for' charity, they petitioning only reason can be found. Women are a part of the father and every , mother ought to have Every for the rights that every free born man and woman people no less than men. The interests of all some good and suitable thoughts, the presenting entitled to under ths free government. women, including wives anB mothers, possessing of which would be a help to any teacher, either in Good Friday with its ceremonials and observproperty, and needing more protection than men our Primaries, Sabbath Schools or day schools. ances has come and gone and Easter Sunday need, ought to be represented by themselves in All these institutions are, or should be, great helps with its church decorations and elaborate display the legislation and administration of the country. to parents in training their little ones; and should of also.It was my intention to give a description Think of Boston, with not a woman on the school not each parent feel a profound interest in the these as they were solemnized in the churches here, committee, while a majority of the teachers are in which they are conducted, and an anxiety way but it would make this article too long to add women, and more than half the children are girls. to aid in their support and constant improvement? Think of the hospitals and asylums and the more, and so that, with many other interesting Yes, indeed! and the best way to find out exactly homes for the destitute where no woman has a items, must be deferred for the present. what and how. the children are taught, as well as .; place or a voice. And yet you tell us that the to learn what is needed, and whether one can be Washington D. C, April 26th. office of the woman is to make a happy home, to of any assistance to those who labor for the salva' bring up children, to take care of the sick and tion of the youth in Zion, is to make frequent , suffering! What mockery to say this, and then to visits to the meetings and schools which are " shut her out of the places where she is most needThe President, Bishop H. B. Clawson, and the tarried on for the benefit of the young. ed! In most of the hospitals of Boston the Some parents may have difficulty at times in ladies comprising the Board of Directors and Exetrustees and directors are exclusively men. The cutive Committee of the Deseret Hospital, at a persuading their children that Sunday School and Board of Directors for the Public Institutions Primary meetings are good places to go to. They meeting held in the Hospital parlor, April 12th, consists of nine men, without one. woman.. They will find that accompanying the little ones themJ 886, unanimously agreed to publish in the have charge of the houses of industry and reforWoman's Exponent the following expressions of selves occasionally will do more to make them like for men and women, the their meetings and schools than Jll the arguments" mation, the their feelings on the demise of their beloved sister homes for neglected boys and girls. They may and Mrs. Marinda N. Hyde. they can offer. "If ic is good to go there, why , but men do don't papa and mamma go sometimes," must be a do perfectly well all that men can do, AVe deeply regret her absence from her usual not understand Much about the details which chair in committee assembled. Her ever calm," natural question in the mind of a child, whether it make the home comfortable, the nursing of the cheerful and dignified presence always gave us is so expressed or not. sick, the treatment of children. The overseers Almost every parent can find time and oppor- assurance of counsel and assistance in our often be-afr- ject. ' aid , , - seem-ridiculo- us n jrefreshed-and-lene.te- . d.. e ... . she-wa- s . y go,-ari- re-unit- ed r. ' . : ; ... ( . - - ' . the-imperat- ive . sell-protectio- n? - I . they-reach- ed cove-nant,whi- ch 1- i 1 I . I . he . .. alms-hous- es co-work- er, ' . 