29 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. coal glossy black the other a white following each other alternate pure snowy ; before "as described. ly When the eye of a visitor catches this grotesque point in the scene, and we notice the effects, having long cultivated the feeling of forgiveness, we I pardon his ill Jbreeding, VandjwretchecTJack of ettiquette, when discovering him in convulsions of laughter. Another distinguished feature (this I have a a pride in mentioning) is, the peculiar air of dig- and majestic mien of : ni ty , state ly, n qbl e Jbearin - the greater portion of this body of men, apparent, ly born to lead and control. Well, having said so much, k are now prepared to march our serpentine columns, not to the gory field of conflict to cut the enemy to pieces, but into a Dining Hall to attack and consume the ' refreshments gratiutously furnished. The tables are primitive in make, and seem-- r jngly very antique, and benches for seats may be described in the same words. Tin: plates, tin cups, and spoons constitute theJurniture of the tables, apparently of. ancient manufacture as though they might have been employed, perhaps, in the service of the Antideluvians. Knives and forks do not appear in this quarter, except in a few solitary instances where they are found combined in the reduced form of pockefnives. Coffee, meat, potatoes and bread, all In gener-xu- k quantities, trace the tables at our morning refreshments. At noonday, meat and bread, and a light soup occasionally. Supper is 'made up of tea and bread. facts show Strange though it may appear, that many of our Gentlemen postively fatten, and some even achieve corpulency on this simple and primitive diet. Of course, to be successful in such attainments of our physical condition and generous proportions, as a rule, one must possess a healthy constitution with a naturally aggressive appetite, combined with a clear conscience. Speaking of myself as I aspire but to the main tenance of the latter quality, therefore when I emerge hence, ray present figure, I fancy, will not have assumed those physical distinctions v T tvery Sabbath religious services are held in the dining hall, by Clergymen of various sects in the city, each in their turn. We have a magnifi cent Choirmade up of Convicts who assist at these services, except at the "Mormon" meetings which are served by invited singers. The Chorister is a "Mormon" convicted of cohabitation, the or for some crime or misde ganist meanor : others for various crimes. Notwithstand- ing this seemingly drawback of respectability, its a splendid spirited and charm ing music, all too, in an .artistical style almost above criticism. ; Jt is curious 'though, and highly amusing, to see this prison Choir; their heads and faces 'clean shaven, their grotesque costumes, attired as per formers at a Circus, or actors in a comic scene. earnestly engaged as important factors in these solemn and Divine ceremonies. At first thought, on taking in this scene, one is liable to be led to the ridiculous belief that the Stage and Pulpit, at last having harmonized their differences, have met and, embraced, each ih its own way and style, the one, in its habiliments of mournfulness and deepest feelings of piety and solemnity, the other in its fanciful, burlesque costume, and frolicsome and frisky mood. The. mistake however is a bad one, and easily corrected by observing the appearance, and character of the audience, one third of which are noticed as "Mormons" convicted of living with their, wives,. the balance serving sentence for various crirries and misdemeanors all wearing, the garb of convicts; these services being designed to reform,and make them consistent and better Christians. Lorenzo Stcow. The one ring, t tTT" . . yt . ' non-"Mormo- n" choir,-discoursin- g, OUT IN THE COUNTRY. a1 ' - D EA R-- A U N T- - - EM i have just ga glorious sunrise. Some rather heavy, dark 'clouds looming up in the north west and east, seemed to tip a little to the right,as if on to show us their ''silver purple linings" which "were indeed beautiful. The scene reminded me of the clouds still hovering over pur people ; and I felt comforted I spirit of the times,- and the advancement of woman, and are deeply interested in the instruction it contains, Pnlhe,4th.of June jve were fatored with a visit from President" Crosby and wife, Sister Myers and Sister Clarke of Pangu-itcin the interest ' of the Relief Sociy, which we .' very much appreciated.' We held a meeting and received valuable in- -. struction and felt encouraged to fulfill our duties belter in the future. We have been rather dilatory in the past. We labor under disadvantages mainly arising from, the distance we live apart.; The majority of Us have large families and the con- time, hav:fquent duties engross the most of ing our clothing, neat but plain, our food simple but wholesome, and appetizing, we would be enabled to. spare a little time in which to devote to intellectual pleasures it is necessary that we read r good books and periodicals in order that we keep pace with the times in which we live, and by so doing it will implant in our hearts a higher stand -arc! of life, and furnish food for pleasant thoughts and we will go to our labors feeling rested and refreshed; and it will create a desire for that which is beautifying" and ennobling- .- I think we were created for a nobler purpose than spending our entire time in common drudgery. 1 do not pro- - , pose to neglect" home comforts, but on the contrary consider home should be made the most at- tractive place for children and parents, but, at the same time, think our whole duty is not fulfilled it we do not cultivate our intelligence and become fa- - -miliar with the current ;events of the' day, and learn what is going on in the great world around us. It will give children higher estimate of parents, consequently they will have more influence over them. Wishing you every success in the work in which you are engaged, I remain, Yours respectfully. been-watchm- h . in thinking that according with the morning prospect in our political horizon, "behind the clouds is the sun still shiningJLvhether its ways are apparent to mortal eyes or not. The clouds parted while I watched, and grew thinner and paler as they driftid away, which I took as a good omen. This little settlement i;s established in one of the cosy nooks in the tops of 'the mountains. We have been here for more than two weeks,and, in many respcts have greatly enjoyed our visit. I have attended fast meeting, Relief Society meeting and the Sunday services ; have been to .an quilting and out visiting three that, the most, afternoons; and withal friendly feelings exist, so far as I am able to judge, between all the farnilieY. of" the neighborhood. Nota sentence jof backbiting, or even gossipf rumor have I heard uttered. Every one seems to understand his or her own business, and to have nothing to do but attend to h. In this, as also in some other respects, many of our older and larger settlements might pattern after this one with profit. .'Another excellent item is, the Word of Wisdom seems to be very generally observed here, which renders a more agreeable atmosphere than is usually found in this wonderful age of civilization and reform. Only think of passing a whole fortnight without once being nauseated by disgusting tobacco fumes.'Such has Susie Trees, been my happy lot ; and in this regard, it would . Secretary of Relief Society, be my choice to dwell in such a locality as this Tebbsdale, Utah, July ist, iS86.forever. y Bishop George "Coleman and his wife, Sister Jane, seem to be especially adapted to- lead in THE POET. this little community; and in all things, both of a BY IDA A. aHLBOKN. spiritual and temporal nature,mutual improvement is the order of the day. The Bishop and his family being old and valued He was haunted night and day friends of ours, we naturally feel quite at home By a spirit clad in white, That no exorcist could lay. in the ward. This small neat valley is almost entirely surSo he wrote a magic rhyme, rounded by high hills or low mountains; the Cave the subtle spirit form, a of loveliness is Sent it forth to, war with Time. . blending picturesque, scenery and grandeur. He is freed, but this is done. of The people talk of having a "Twenty-fourtNow the spirit in the song July celebration." If they do, it will likely be Haunts a thousand for the one. the union as which an interesting occasion, Traveller. quite exists here, is sure to make almost any movement successful. Next Saturday and Sunday a conHOUSEHOLD HINTS. ference is to be held at Fish Lake. Some of the folks are going from this place, but we are not. Every one has a cure lor sore throat, but simple remedies We begin to talk of starting home, but are un appear to be most effectual. A gargle of salt and water decided how soon we shall do so. You may hear is used by many, but a little alum and honey dissolved in from me again before I see you.but for the present sage tea is better. Cloths wrung out of hojt water and accepHove and adieus. or old-fashion- ed have-found . - - r , - - -- h '. , Lula. applied to the neck, changing as often as they begin to cool, have potency for removing inflamation more than anything we have ever tried. This should be kept up for a number of hours; during tha evening is usually the most convenient time for applying the remedy. ' . SENSIBLE Editor Exponent: IDEAS. Having a little leisure time I thought I would address a few lines to the Exponent. We have a Relief Society organized here, presided over by Sister Hannah LeFevre, and though few in num bers, we consider it a pleasure as well as a duty to meet together in the interest of Woman's rights and privileges, to exchange ideas and sentiments, and thus cultivate our minds and enlarge our abilities. We are somewhat isolated consequent ly are deprived of many associations, and instruc tions enjoyed by those more favorably situated. We take the Exponent and learn from it, the .Ice Cream. Dissolve five teaspoonfuls of corn starch or arrowroot in a teacupful of milk. Add to it the whiles of three eggs well frothed, and the yelk of one well beaten. Sweeten with loaf sugar, and boil halt a gallon of new milk. As soon as it begins to boil, pour it in small quantises over the mixture of eggs and stajph until about half the milk is taken from the kettle. Then, pour all back into the kettle, and stir it a few minutes. After it cools, add one quart of rich cream; flavor to your taste, and freeze the cream,, Mrs. Garfield U sa;d to be worth between $300,000 and S4C0.000. Her income is esti' .. mated at $20,000 a year. t 