WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 182 ; y , ten-clock- and them from fading. whitens soft white hands. Grain will it must be Charities should be diffused. not grow if piled in a heap; scattered. . A bill of fare book -- A Every day when the morning's work is done, eit down and write therein what you will have for the next diuner, supper and breakfast. In this way a pleasaut variety and a better class of cooking will bj secured and all needed can ba made methodically, in- preparations . .? t steau oi u narum-scuruiiiiurneu maimer ui the last moment, This is good for all; but es pecially useful where a servant doe3 the cook- ; V , 1 1 1 A i. ing i- , - :i ed ' '.; ., - - Many a tired housewife thinks that when nil a id n ti Iroon Kial n cha r5 lion Uari In tlin morning till breakfast is ready and take it wueu sub gcuj ueip, nuu good easy. she will find that the work of the help, too, household will not go to suit her, unless she goes before it and through it and all around it herself. If the mistresss Stakes a long rncrning uap, the. maid is pretty likely to conclude that a morning's nap is nice for her, too; and the result is a delayed breakfast, spoiled in the hurry of cook- mg, ana a general disarrangement ot the morning's work to follow. It may- - not be a restful thought, but it is true, that if a mistress would have a servant prompt, tidy, honest, and thorough, she must herself set a worthy example of alt these qualities. She must be up betimes in the morning' to ltarl nnd tlftn nnrl di rect the starting of the h6usehold machinery. A company of soldiers won't accomplish much unless the captain rides at their head. The 1 1 towe!s-are-- the water in which scarlet-napkin- s '"t be washed will prevent lo " & , - ' of Wellesley College will be the essayist at the May meet- ing of the Round Table Club. 7 Mis3 Catherine Craft, of New Jersey, in celebrating recently her ninety ighth birthvlay, recalled the fact that she had voted for Jefferson for President. Astronomers predict that a bright comet will be visible just before suurise during the latter part of May. It is the comet of 1886" recently discovered by Professor Barnard. Three women students of Indiana Medical College attended the lecture during the en- - 18 -n 111 .1 Sn far Cookies. Two cupfute of sugar, one cupful o butter, one cupful of m ilk,' two eggs, one teaspobnf ul o baking powder, one nutmeg, flour enough to make a soft batter, and a little salt. An excellent and simple disinfecttnt for sinks' and waste pipes is made by mixing one large tablespoonful of copperas with one quart of boiling water. This solution is odorless, , and it deodorizes instantly. -" 3.3 - . Old Constitution Building, Main Street, ; SALT LAKE CITY, -- o saaostic. "X3 Turn lamp wicks downl)elow the top of th tubes when not lightej( and you wujl not .be troubled with oil running over on t'lt outside of the lamps. , If this caution is ob-serv- ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, they may be kepf clean and dry. French have a a lough Fowl Tender. of fowl a the tenderln way making tough roasting which is worth following. It should he seasoned, and tied up securely in two thicknesses of soft white pale brown paper, and put into the oven half an hour earlier than the time on? would choose to assure its being done. It will steam slowly in this way, and if delicately dredged With flour when the paper is taken off at the end of the half hour in a hot oven it will come. out brown and easily carved. 1868. To Make jr . SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. .lht Boiled ceirf whites of two eggs beaten to a stiff froth and two good sized cups of sugar, granulated preferred; pour enough water on the sugar to dissolve it, and allow it to boil till quite thick" whites, stirring briskly till cool. Spread on cake with a knife previouslyjdipped in cold water. J"his Jceing will not crackle when cut, and hardens in a few moments. IMPliRTERS AND JOBBERS OF , Dry Goods, syrupT-then-pour-o- Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, v Excellent Sponge Cake. Four eggs, two cups of sugar, two cups of flour, one cup of boiling water, two teaspoon-ful- s GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, of yeast powder, and flavor to taste. Method: Beat eggs and sugar to a"froth,adda littleat a time of the boiling water, stirring briskly.x Sift and add the first cup of flour, put the yeast powder in the last cup of flour, sift twice to thoroughly mix the powder; this makes a thin batter; bake in a moderate oven. This is a good cake for dyspeptics. I have used the above recipes ' many times, and am sure they are first class. n M. C. ELEGANT CUT GLASS, ; AGRICULTURAL r ' ! TOOLS AND IMPLE OBITUARY. ' MENT8, . . ' CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, :: , : ;) CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL X GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS DIED, at Wanship, Summit Co., Utah, March 24th, 1885, Maria Morton, wife of Edward Horton.aged seventy-tw- o years. She was born at Batsall, Warwickshire, England; joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in 1351; emigrated to the U.iitei States in 1855; came to'Utah in' 18S0. SI19 died in full faith of the XST We carry a largar and more complete Stock than any house In theYwest. F. Auerbach & Bro Special to the Ladies. H- - Housekeeper. Miss Alice Freeman, president rn rflr U 2 ' r - NOTES AND NEWS. r v . ' '. "The Punishment of Children" was the subject of Prof. Felix AdlerV recent lecture before the Society of Ethical Culture, in Philadelphia, Professor Adler said: "Never punish a child in anger. Let the anger burning within you subside. An angry person is always liable to overshoot the mark-- can never be perfectly just. Whethei corporal punishment is ever, admissible is an open question. There are reasons outside of sentiment against it. Cornoral TmnisViment tp.nda to brutalize a child; it tend3 to make children -j wardimUtluatsonso-oghamer- 1 !W&nm as?-- - When making a new carpet, always save theravelings for us 2 in darning the carpet on some future day, aj the color will match better, than any yarn you are likely to find. a g)od thing. i in w HOUSEHOLD HINTS. red-border- nly Ths Sewing Machine of the Age! : la. TTao TTtals.. S.OOO 2sTc-- s A little borax put into soil,-but-o- - ' MISCELLANEOUS. Large charity dot- h- neve- r- ome stio 4 tire term, and it is anticipated that they will b3 formally ami regularly admitted ..next year. Mis3 Mary E. Bird, astronomer of Carlton College, Northfield, Minn., is at the Minnesota educational exhibit at the Exposition, ' in illustrating the time syscharge of ' tem l Mrs. West is the daughter of an apostle of fir? avfiH that it she had a scire Ua r.hnmU Of children would bring them all .up to be Latter-daSaints. She is enthuiastic sbnut the superior principles of her religion, and for the present bays Mormons are not; living only, but for the glory of eternity, and are willing to make sacrifices here for the future exaltation. Washington National Republican. A Full and 'Jompleta Stock ot , " 7r 7 MILLINERY.. Spring and Summer Goods " 'ASD UD1ES DRESS TR1M5I!NGS. t& CALL AND EXAMINE. ' 3D-A.yXI- ' D JA1S3 2c CO., , TINMERS,GAS,WATR& STEAM FITTERS Pr1pfQriforUISGY,Scelebratei1 LIPTa FORCE Repaired on short notice. Orders the coantry promptly responded to. -- Aa?n ciro ;mj, s s, bait uxx W an. S. ELDREDGE. Supt. ; AT TEASDEL'S " Will be found the ktesit styles and piodaction LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, ; GLOVES, PARASOLS, V RIBBONS, "COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of XttlT IDS: Q-O- O . Special department for liadles' M3ses, and Inant'a Shoes. 112, 114, 116, US Fast Templt Street. , 