WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 76 same principles and for the same reaand pelts which are now shipped 'hides sons the hark manufactured into articles tnhp'hrnnnrht. aw!5v made in.this Territory, ought to be rethat can be tained and worked up for home use. Factories refill u rnnrhirlrH. would SOOn fif thie'nnrnnsp return fair profits, while the whole community would share in the resultant benefits; e On-th- 1 r-- . . ..- - .. conclusion. - . , T . auer-aa- y J i .. I" . oaim. in conclusion, we say to tne Put your trust in Goa, as you ever have done. lie wilknot fail you. .Continue to live in strict t t spiration of the Almighty by His servants, who hold the keys' "to administer unto the people of It will be a J lis Church here, .upon the earth. great comfort and.blessing, not only to those who are here in Zion, but to thousands'afar off, to read " the words of divine inspiration; though they have not t privilege of hearing the voices of those to whom they were w'dnUto listen in times that are of peace and prosperity. past The Conference was numerously attended, and discourses touching upon all general topics, and exhorting to lives of purity and holiness, were delivered by. members of the Quorum of the Apostles and other leading men; of the Apostles, who addressed the people, there were F." DfRichards, John Henry Smith, Heber J. Grant and John W. Taylor; Several Presidents of Stakes represented their; fields' of labor, and altogether the meetings were interesting, and no doubt the good teaching will have a beneficial elfect in its results upon the ' the Saints. ; ... It is certainly a time of solemnity and supplication, and there is the greatest need of the Holy-Spirin the hearts and homes, of this people. Great events are close afhand; of this fact there can be no doubt' in the minds of any who are r watching the signs of the times. " the-day- conformity to His Gospel. Humble yourselves before Him in' mighty- faith and prayer. Confess and your sins one to another; and go to your Godthereconfess to Him, and obtain His forgiveness fore. Live in close communion with the Holy, Ghost: that it mav be vour constant companion-and through its heavenly influence you may be event. nmi.uiuis prepared for every coming Holding a controversy with the nations, and lie has said, "After your testimony cometn tne testr monv.of earthauakes. And also cometh the testimony of the thunder ings, and the voice of lightnings, and the voice of tempests, and the. voice of tne waves of tne sea. heavincr themselves beyond their bounds. And all thiners shall be in commotion; and surely men's hearts shall fail them ; for. fear shall come iinnn ill nrtn1f ' A rpn rlv 1 I i s Wfifi'1; linnn this subject are being fulfilled.""" lhe elements are with the voices of His Eiders their voices joining . . e .t, . V I near approacui .f .1. . in testimonoy oi me And woe! to thepeople or the nation that fight against Zion, for, as we have often had occasion SISTER KING'S FUNERAL. to say, God will nrht aeainst them, if is wrath will be poured out upon them. Babylon-wilfall, The funeral obsequies oyer the remains of Sis and the refuge of lies will be swept away ; and ter Hannah T.King took place on Tuesday, the -- truth and righteousness will cover the earth as 2SU1 uit.,in the Thirteenth Ward with a floocVin fulfilment of the words of the Assembly Rooms, will in hea the appear Prophets. Greater signs Bishop Millen Atwood presiding. Besides the vens above and on the earth beneath, bearing Bishop and his Counselor, Nelson Empey,. there awful testimony of the near approach of that were present on the stand, President Horace S. rrronf riorr ivin nnr P(ifVinpr will lif' rpTPff from heaven in power and in great glory. Eldredge, Bishops John Tingey and Orson F. With continued prayers for your safety, and for Whitney, Elders Charles,. W. Stayner, George vmir nrnsnentv in the work o (lOri. and with most Samuel Neslen, George B. Wallace, earnest desires that every " man, woman and child Goddard, Joseph W. Jobnson and Robert F. Neslen will be faithful to the trust which God has reposed The large gathering of the friends of the dein us," weTemain, Your brethren and fellow servants, . ceased who were present, showed the great esteem John Taylor, in which she was held in the community. George Q. Cannon. The services commenced by the choir 'singing: Of the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Saints. ''Unveil Uhy bosom, faithful tomb. " Christ of Latter-da:HcsMenVsrrice7Pct:Ci886, ; The singers were Mrs. Agnes" Olsen Thomas, Miss Louie Wells, Mathoni Pratt and J. D. Spencer, accompanied on the organ by C. S. 'S Burton. Elder Charles W. Stayner then offered prayer. Editor. The choir sang: EMAfELAE B. WELLS, . " -- 1 l - , y Woman Exponent in halt uike Piiblhlied one copy one y;,r, c.1". uuu tuv ma of nine. copies for the price ten Advertising rates: Each square,3.00. month, one per time, ipacc scmi-monllil- . . ' city, .,,. Ltsinci nnuerms: rr muuius, v i.w. iculines of nonpareil A liberal discount imut Salt Lake City. Utah. Salt October i, Lake City, 1886. OCTOBER CONFERNECE. The Fifty-sixt- h Churclrof'Jesus Semi-AnnuChrist-of-Lattef-- al day ELDER GEORGE B. "WALLACE . office, No.25 E.. South- Temple Street, second ivum iiuik xv sum Uewrei ISCWS Wiucc. pftte east Sunday. except 5 to p.m. every day, Address all business communications to PUBLISHER "WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Exponent Ot "Rest for the weary soul." Conference of the Saints con;-ven- ed Wednesday, October 6th, in the new Stake House at Coalville, Apostle Franklin D. Richards presiding. Of the authorities of the Church there were present, Patriarch JohnSmithnd four of the Quorum of the Apostles. The services were of an exalted character throughout, and the Holy i Spirit seemed to be poured out n rich abundance upon those who took part in the services. An Epistle from the First Presidency was read during the Conference by Elder HTM.. Wells. The Epistle is published in full in this number of the paper. It is encouraging to this people, who are so cruelly deprived of the counsel and instruction of the President of the Church and his Counsel ors, to have from time to time official Epistles' containing definite advice, and to 'know that they are still watched over and guided under the in- - - . y 1 1 -- 1 . 1 1 1 - - - k, -- the-'ma- - Holy-Spir- it I 1 it -- " - . - - Addressed the congregation. He eulogized Sister King as a faithful and noble minded member of the Church; related some of his early experiences as "a missionary in the part of England where she resided; and descri bed lhe pleasant home and surroundings which she forsook to gather with the Saints in this land. He said that he had known many noble women, but he never met but one Hannah T. King. His remarks were very consolatory to the bereaved, and brought many kind reminiscences of Sister King's early days to the mindsof the numerous'friends present. The following remarks were then made by BISII 0 P O . F. wh itney: ''It has fallen to my lot, by selection and ap- pointmeht, to be one of the speakers at the funeral of Sister King. There may be many here w.ho have known her longer, and known her better than I have, but there are none; I am certain, who respected her more, or valued her friendship more highly. Brother Wallace has dwelt more particularly upon the incidents of her life, the temporal phase of her career and portrayed the sacrifices she made for the Gospel's sake. I desire, also to add my, tribute to her' memory,, as the -shall give me utterance. V It is good to hearthe lffe storyof such a woman as Sister King. Possessed of a refined soul, a cultivated mind, and surrounded by the comforfs ' and luxuries ofiife; with friends and associates who loved to minister to her wants; an intimate friend of one of England's poetesses, the celebrated Eliza Cook, and numbering among her acquaintances many inthe aipper walks oi society - in her native England; yet, when the Gospel iouna ner sne aia not nesitate xo relinquish all ' and follow her Lord and Master through the vvorld. She had a noble spirit, and this, without doubt, was the noblest act of Tier life. I am told that, to this day, it is a matter of astonishment to her friends ia England that she should ever have done as. she did, forsaken all, and united herself with so despised a people as the Latter-daSaints. With my knowledge of her character, and the t r. r loitiness oi ner soui, it wouia nave Deen to me a matter'of astonishmetit had she'done "otherwise.. She was naturally a proud woman, butherprid,e, which was doubtless the result of conscious rectitude, respectability, and the traditionary aristocratic sentiment of her native land, was not of that pernicious kind which prompts so many to . i i me vjuspei uacauae m :ua unpupumruy ana., lejeci il. its- humble origin, and - trample, on the prec-- . ious oearl whose- value thev do not comnrA r i hend. She was not ashamed to stoop, for she stooped to 'conquer; she saw the jewel glittering in the.dust at her feet, and was not ashamed to I he worldly-minde- d pick it up, and wear it. qo not unuersia.nu uie- sctiet iiiuuve oi sucn an action. And here is the real reason for asthe prize; their tonishment. They over-loogaze is riveted upon the sky, or on the distant horizon, and they ignore and trample on the treasure shining below ; like the proud and haughty Pharisees, who were looking for the Messiah, but expected Htm as a mighty conqueror who would throw off the Raman voke and restore at that not time the temporal power' to Israel 7 they-wer- e prepared to receive the humble Nazarene, of sorrows, .acquainted with grief,' and so rejected their Redeemer and spiritual deliverer, to their condemnation. Thus is the pride of the world ever tested by the Truth. Our tests are many; and varied; the trials" being suited to our different natures and calculated to bear upon our weakest parts. To. the young man y1io came to the Savior and asked what good thing he should do to obtain eternal life, the answer was 'keep the commandments,' which he claimed to have done from" his youth up; and then, to sell all he had and give to the poor, and follow the Lord of life and- glory; a Kingin heaven, a peasant on earth, who was poorer than the: fowls of the air or the beasts of the field, hav- similar test ing- not 'where to lay his heacL'--A came to our beloved Sister, Hannah T. King, but unlike the young man- who 'went away sorrowful' because 'he had great possessions,' she made the sacrifice and laid hold upon eternal life, the greatest gift of God, in preference to the good things of this earth. It is not the possession of wealth, but the love of it, that is sinful. The worship of any idol we are called to sacrifice, makes it hard to enter the kingdom of heaven. I am told that her father, who was a gentleman, and a fmq "specimen of physical manhood, when he found that he could not dissuade her from her;. purpose, sat down and gradually died of a broken heart. 'How cruel,' some might say, 'surely it cannot be a message from God that would have such results.' Indeed! Why, then, did the Son of f God say: 'Think not I come to bring peace, but a sword ?' Why did the Prophet say, in reference to , the gathering of Israel in the last days: 'I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, The word of the and I will bring you to Zion?' Lord had gone forth, and she could not restrain Tierself. She was' a child of Israel, a daughter of Abraham; her veins tingled with magic blood; her heart responded to the call and she listened to the voice of the good Shepherd. The blood of Isragl was in her veins that blood which God ' 