WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 40 In Garfield ' County, Nebraska,- there are ve told-hiour posi- quite interested when firm Our enemies are .accomplishing the pur poses of God; lerus ttand to what we profess; uva a side.- iiopeawe we want to ujs on, the mm r m ot homf s. uoci have the tu bpirit might far th ree months. T Conference adjourned Singing, "Glory to Uod on nigh,' etc. uene diction by Mrs. Elizabeth Howard: ; 377 sincle-me- n women. 0 - -- S-- Miss Gladstone writes1 in a letter to- - a friend: Patents nave been granted to women, during the week ending July 6, 1886, as follows: '" Elizabeth J. Cole, Milwaukee, Wis.. Frame . . . bur worthy Bishop, as also to. the other members of the family circle, where" sorrow's dart hath rudely pierced, our ;:' sympathies. And we pray that theirstricken hearts may-b- e solaced jn" their hour of affliction by the Holy Comforter. , Sirs AX BAKBKR President, t ' Elizabeth Griffin, : for making rugs, Susan- 0. G rover, Granville," Ohio, Coffin.;at- - Secretary. . , taehment..,-- , . - r ; ' , Lizzie McKebgh, Pittsburg, Pa., " .for. machine treadles. eges. Ida H. WeStgate; Worcester, We celebrate nobler obsequies to those we love by drying the tears of others than by shedding tiur own; and the fuireVt funeral wreath we cm hang on tlu'ir tomb is not so fair a'3 a fruit offering of good deeds.-.-: - and stiffener.. F, A u erbach . Foot-pa- d & B ro. A Full and Complete Stock ot Mass., Dress-protecto- ' r "TTTTTT MILLINERY, Spring and Summer AND SPECIAL NOTICE. ;-- Goods UDiES DRESS TRIMMINGS CALL AND EXAMINE. T ofSalt- Secretaries of theRelief-Socie- ty Lake Stake are particularly requested to send in their reports to the Stake Secretary, Eliza TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS beth Howard, by the hrst ot September, IlUMAEY'.Scel.-bnrt.m- t sent in after that date will be useless. LIFT and FOll sbo-t on PUMPS. notice. 60 4th South Orders ;iir Elizabeth East Pumps Repaired Howard, Address, No girl, whetlierlrorn the lowe.-- t or tmThlgh- est position, is (it to become a wife, a mistr.es of. the home, who haV not been carefully edu cated in all the accomplishments and details of-the kitchen. lie-por- The eilVct on the heahh of women produced by sixteen hours per day of cooking, dish,' and washing, sewing, sweeping, the numerous other labors that constitute the ts the country promptly responded to. St., Salt. Lake City,:Utah. Byorder, Ik3. M. Isabella Hokxe, " 1)aby-teii(liiig- DAVID. JAMS:,: Bex 305. Silt LiSS ESTABLISHED OCTO B ER, Jiasnever RESOLUTIONS n 18G8. OF. RESPECT. To the memory of Mary Bronson, Secretary of the Re lief Society of Wasatch Stake:who departed this life on the 9th of February, 1886. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father in His divine providence has called away our beloved sister, Mary Bronson, after a long life of usefulness spent in His kingdom here upon the "". earth- .Resolved, That while we feel to bo w toJlisunost holy will, we miss our sister in our association, and her wise, motherly counsel in our circle of loved ones. Resolved, That we, as members of the Relief Society of Wasatch Stake, will hold her memory sacred, and strive in our lives to follow her example, who was always ready to perform her duty as Secretary in this stake. Resolved, also, That we tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband and family in the loss of a kind and affectionate wife and mother. Resolved, Yh&i a copy of these Resolutions be placed upon" record, a copy sent to the bereaved family and to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Emma Brown, President. ' C1T7. President. ".""" disturbed the digestion or cocience of men. They are concerne1 about the health of those women only who enter remunerative occupa-tioJbr "higher educatiou.' i(iaia;o J : . Courtesy is due to.. others. It is helpful to othrrs. Treat even a base man with respect, and he will make at least one desperate effort to htFrespectable ivourtesy is the nobler and better nature of others to which that nature responds. It is due to ourselves. It is the crowninggraCe of culture, to1 aii-ayeal- the stamp of perfection uon character, the: badire of the perfect gentleman, the fragrance. of. the flower of womanhood when full blown. Most girls, almost from babvhood, if per mitted to be with their mothers in the kitchen, love to see the work done, particularly the cooking; and nothing delights them more than 'to' be allowed to attempt to make some simple article themselves. Thbearly play will not be forgotten. Girls that grow up under such training orindulgence will have .no fear of the real care when it comes to them as a duty, ' Avoid the scolding 4'one. A tired mother may find it hard to do this; but it is she who will get most good by observing the rule. The tone of scolding tells upon the throat, just is apt to where a womanwho is not feel the ache of extreme fatigue. The children, too, who are great imitators, will be sure to catch the scolding tone, and will talk to their dolls, to one another, and to their own children, very much as their, own mothers are now talking to them. over-stron- '" ',--'' Never let your honest conviction be laughed down. You can no mora exercise your reason if you live in constant dread of ridicule than you can enjoy life if you live in constant fear of death. If you think it right ta differ from the times, and make a point bf 'morals, do it not for insolence, but and gravely, as if a man carried a big soul 4of his own in his ,bosom, and did not wait til! it was breathed into him by the breath of fashion.' Be true to your conviction, and in the end you will not only be respected by the world, but have the approval of your conscience! Sarah Alexander, Mary Daydell, . SALT LAKE CITY, Utah: IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Counselors. HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, elp:gant cut glass, V AGKICULTURAL TOOL3 AND IMPLE, ' J.IENT8, ,. ; CLOTH AKD CLOTHING, PURE DKUG3 AND CHEMICALS, CAIiPETB AND ' Christena Swenson Funk was born July ioth, 1834, in Sweden; joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints in Copenhagen, Denmark, 1853; emigrated to Utah T Gonds,N otioos, Groceries Dry :." OBITUARY. WALL PAPERS, ALL ' ' GRADEH AND NEWEST DESIGNS. ; y RESOLUTIONS Resolved, . OF RESPECT. That we, the members of the Relief Society o Newton, Cache Valley Stake, of Zion, do hereby pay our humble tribute of love and esteem to the memory pf Sister Christena Swenson Funk, who was caHed from our association by death on the 12th of May, 1886. Though our acquaintance was numbered by month's rather tlun years, a love and respect has been engendered that is. seldom acquired through ' an intercourse of many ' years. 5" We carry a.Jarger and more complete Stock than any house in the west. n 1863. y , . .. g by-and-b- -- - a . ' ' T--:- lil our dear sister was confined to her bed, and for some her sufferings were very agonizing, . Herjgreat- U est regret seemed to be that she was curtailed in her labors in the performance of her . of love among her sisters, and household duties. In the midst of all she humbly acknowledged the dealings of an ahvise Providence. ' Resolved, also, That we extend to her loving husband six-mon- ths heart-fel- Helen Hunt Jackson always declared she did not compose them flr'pAinpd lir 'imeink ' ' hWelf. ; Every duty well done, adds to the moral and spiritual stature. Each opportunity eagerly grasped and used is the key to larger privil Sentinel. " unmarried 6b only -- - miscellaneous; sumniTTubstancc and of "Papa regrets the results of the elections, lie course, but Tie is not at all disconcerted. is quite happy, and is at this moment reading Dante under a tree. j - - Her malady rapidly, but surely increased in severity, - - - Sister Funk was a quiet and unassuming neighbor and a true Saint. She labored energetically and perseveringly as a teacher, in the Relief Society, where her name was enrolled, in connection with ours, for about eighteen months The terrible canc,-- had already, seized its victim when she first came into our midst, which she did to. accompany her husband in an act of duty to God; he, Bro. Funk having been called to the Bishopric of Newton. H. S. ELDREDGE. Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be iound the latest styles and pxoductroas ... . in ' - . LACES, RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, . And an eleKant assortmenf of DBY GOODS: and In Special department for Ladies' Misses' ant's Shoes. Street. 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple 