WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ):2 RXP0N1 WOMAN'S UM;.t rated, and that great trials were in .store, ami that they should be on their guard, and watch every "Joophofc through which an advantage Tonight- - be take, by the enemy, who is ever on the alert, and .as the generation., scriptures sayT 'Ts more- ,wi-notwithstandand the children than yet, ofdight;" "to diligence , exhortations tire and' warnings" ing that the enemy, and faithfulness, it vonld" sex-had come upon the? Saints unawares, but even though many are taken at a disadvantage, there is j cl!H iimt in mfArrnotTl ftiat .cn ' "tei r at, in nahvivs. by divine be able to pas's 'through of j help, in submission and obedience to the-la- J. rail, visited .the .Utah Penitentiary and had aiV exceedingly pleasant interview with' whoiii, as well as' his Sis. fer, E. Smith, she appeared to have been greatly,- impressed, ..jtf fs. T-- ajso. met and conversed upon: Morrno'nism' with Mrs. Ziru D II 1. Whi.iny7aDi.othef.s. ' Voungri-!;o- 11 EMM EUSE fl. WELLS, EdUor. Salt Lake. City7Ulah Published one copy one ir, ?2.00; one copy .six month, Sl.OO. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil A literal liteount vpACc one time, S2.50; per month, S3.(rt). W regular advertisers. ; J-- . : ., i No. E., South Temple Street, second froiP V) v.m Uti.saies.i Office. J)esercTlsTew.s of Exponent dfltee, Salt , Lake Citv, fif-r-i hi sate eat to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' "Address nil business communication to LU i'UBMSinCR AVOMAXEXI'ONriXT, ' November ic, i SS6 'APPROACHING THE NARROWS. - - '"" : There never was a time in .the history of the Church when greater fajth and humility were needed than at the present. The Saints are to what may, with alJ proactually coming priety, be termed "the narrows' It is' ja time of testing and proving, and the Lord is dealing with His people through some very powerful agencies, and the inlluences brought to bear to purify and cleanse them, are not and cannot be. understood, except through thelhdy Spirit." The burden of the cry. of the prophets ,of the Lord to this people has been for years, "Get the Holy Spirit it is a it." The jiuetionam serious one, too, ''How shall we be sure of being in possession of that spirit?'' By keeping all the commandments God has given to His people, and being obedient in all things to the counsel through His servants placed to preside over them, and through Jiumility. and meekness. It might, .perhaps, be said that all fall'short in some particular, either through weakness or a lacdc of Vnowledge, but if the people are striving to obey and to fulfill the law, the Lord is merciful "and full of loving kindness, and will help the weak, and lift up the feeble hands of those who supplicate Him for grace and-kee- arm JstriMicrth, p n ? 'From every kind of dross, 1 see a nery iurnace, I feel its piercing flame; The fruits of it are holy, The 'gold wilfsti'll remain." The Saints have been warned and forewarned . icau-o- i I -s- d children jxe, i that'the irtnJt-.l'.) p'U 'r (;.(' )... .n..ii. v... Iw- i )l - . ',.:., - -- ! sl-ril- . ' s -- . . e.stnl (jospcl it; conueciioi) w iih "ftther studies, and that the sprrif of the insliiution shall le-i- accordance There is no doubt 'but the school will .rt .(! vc a large p: t r()nagc.ni)fi .t hat very soonlhere 'i'.i! be rfiiiidrher li..! needed than the one at ... Tit OCC'U ik 1 iirt n.;itu ": iiave n.au eh to s:i about the La'.tr-r-daSaint children but. their i;ec:i'!iar reli'd on, taught nothing w lie!! the'Tacts are thev have-ha- d' much too IRth of insiruction. (Create: tiugence o'n of!! the-iewiih- ; 1: thi-ri'- j! . uko icaiemyrs u; lidied with ihe'5nwe -- I x i ............... 1 . - i y j : v-- i h.as-sueceed- j 1 ; ? j . ! ! f lu- - ( ;7,inclthcrarmanyprophe r.srt 'of mrfnt.s 'ind.-.- 1 I .1 , 1 in this- 'wcnoM' . , seem to thip.'k this people have r;o. scarcely f KC. nnv rnu; ,f fir reached any part of the narrows, or the severe :t .Vwidc-snrerd to ".awaken tnvr hop-trial as yet. If that be so; .how humbk- and meek j h)U:Uj in th,.,,ciU:r zn higher svstem of 'cduca- and lowiv must one be to endure i;; t.ne enu : ant t! lion yet they who do are the ones'" who 'obtain the 'I n.1; orga.'dai ioi: of Z ion's C h. f j r a S 0 d e t v. w i ward which is in store for the. faithful. eveiv-loveof the line d the 4n;-IThe "spirit of lias crept La!ter-darts am !)!.'; 'lie Saints. Saints, of that there can be no doubt, and the posis of gieat degree of cultivation in session of that spirit and its inii'uerice is at variaiu-.nnti still more in si. ;ing. in boh these it with'the spirit of (he:. Gospel', iments or stinlv and ctilture. tlie youth oj. a positive necessity" to ;get tlie Srj'rit of the Vocal music has Zi'j'i idi(Ld.l seek to exeel. -Lord and keep it," and to cru.,h out iv fer ii::. . .- - -' - 111. 1. . ..1 1 U! I 1 11 r 4he'-worl- "ir:".-:invii-g -- and'-therefore- : v. The-human--"-'c- e ss - vliih.,i!v,.riCftn.rM(la- - of expression; Knowing the power 'of musk over the human soul. ;Tid its iniiuence in refining, and elevating,- it is certainly .desirable children of the Saints siiouid receive all the ad-- . vantages of musical training possible, and that the development and cultivation should be here at home, under the. supervision cf parents aird'teach-- . EDITORIAL NOTKS. ers, thftt the in!lucnce maybe 'in harmony with the. To accomplish -- this, spirit 'of. their religion: in wiii be that puii'dsh.ed Manuscript received, nothing could afford better facilities than the form our next numbers- An excellent-articlHon of jxm siren an associatiori"as' Zion's Choral ori plu ral marriage, by M. A. JVI. Pratt; also one upon Society. The large Tabernacles and Temple of the Saints, which have-beeand will be built, will marriage, by M. J. Morrison; poems' by: Hannah-Conraby and May J. Marler, M. J. Tanner, aijd require a great number of singers, the most per- other suitable matter. feet harmony of many voices, and to fill, these The Editor and Proprietor of the "Graphic buildings' with melody from many thousand voices, necessarily there must be preparation beforehand. News Illustrated,""' two gentlemen seeking infor mation "on Mormon subjects,, paid quite a visit to, Sacred music is the highest order of the divine art and it is for the cultivation of this specially, as we our sanctum They have been, in unfterstand it, that the organization has men for ''their columns, toyn a week, looking at- and expect to visits Logan, J3gden and Provo re- - eActed, and with the favorable 'circumstances : i thf .... nnn fhf pfnrfent OttlCerSl ; fpnoino i( .firj: v, a. a iew cravs ami .pcnuing ivtuiiug ijcic ' chosen "to presided the geople ma; naturally Ipok 'more. in visiting places of interest, etc. " ' .. foxjthe.best'resu!(.s"'io" follow. . heartv Jiie Exponent oiiers foT' congratulations ' ' - L the last issue of the paper, brief mention was Hon. John T. Came, Delegate from. Utah to the . . fir: macie a"P,cture of Sisler Luc3' Smil!'' Fiftieth Congress, on his recent election.' minolliCr of lbe ProPhet seph which ,S.,the ' ing so ablv represented this .Territorv in the len-Pt0 each one of the Mibscr.bers of the Peoples Party, who" elected him bv an over- t is earnest- the holidays the whelming majority, have the utmost congee in-- l sired that afi those who are behind in pa- n his future success, feeling assured of his (!0;n rU0Pa' up oaCK that is possible to promote the best interests and raentS V,',U rpake an ns an tiftnc rtatp. inrlnrpmpnt to new SUu- the of and make a fair Territory, prosperity represcribers, one of the pictures will be given to ea'ch sentation for all its inhabitants. one subscribing for the next half volume, which We have had some very interesting convene- - brmns with the 1st of December, if payment is. tions of late, with strangers visiting the city, made in advance, for the half year, vu;,?i. The whom mention among may be made of Mrs. likeness of the engraving to the original, is said Threlkeld of Los Angelos, a women of very bv those who knew;her intimately, to be excellent-- Pultivate There are many things transpiring now, lat.erl tn awal-cthe tlmnorlitUcc nnrt inrliflarnt it and is easy to perceivethat ,(the mills of the gods" are grinding; The processes may be tedious and slowt and there are many tests, but all the smut has to be removed firsthand afterwards comes the bolting, and even when the fine flour has been made, there is still another test, that of sifting. How much of the wheafthat has gathered will be susceptible of the making fine procesjf ana even tnat to be silted, it would be diffinour, cult for any one to determine. President Heber C. Kimball was vprv fnnA nf illustrating by the process of the potter, and our Savior makes similar illustrations of the kind in His divine writings. The Dotter throws his Hav " , j into the mill and grindsHt, and then moulds and fashions it to his will, if it be pliable and passive in his hands, but if not sufficiently so, he throws it back again to be' ground oyer. The Latter-da- y Saints, who have embraced the truth for the love of it, and in all sincerity "of soul, desire to be fashioned into vessels of honor, thatjthey may be acceptable in the great "day of the Lord and not be thrown 'back into the pit to be ground over again. But are they passive while complying with the necessary preliminafvbrocess-esIs it nnr often the case that even the first trial seems too ' And severe yet they sing, perhaps uncon- sciotts of its true significance, "I'm willing to be cleansed 151!;;, the Salt. .Lake,i urn iiasement rooms of. the openea in .caemy t f.,n jn ,!,;. c;.,,.: Vi,fl ....i '".Ji :..".,.' Mmemsi6rTbf Klde :. Karb' r;: AIaKer,' Av!in-t- ;, . ' . , , .. trom us nisi inauguration, had charge ot t he'IinV,ham Young Academy at Pr'ovo, and r.dinrraldy in keeping .up ihe .original intention 0! its founder, thafit should .be a tatter-daSaint-- "1 Passing through the narrows reminds the writer of a dream she 'heard agister relate, in Winter Quarters. She dreamed, .that she was traveling along a 'very "d'inicult; road,- orutbwayr: where every now and then it seemed next to 'impossible to proceed any further, yet this was the direct way to the. place she had set out for. There ..were others in company with her. and just ahead ot her was SisteTVilate Kimball. Fir.ailv they enne to. a passage way;-:- or aperture' in' a soiui w ., a r -- 1 irouf w iien it vottia tje necessary .0 i a i very tight squeeze, if even' it were, possible to Mh rough at ail; and the .sister said foSisterVi!.itf:, t ' "I can't go-- h rough 'the re , tv'o uu rath e go ro t r n i ' aw'-S isic r X'ilal rg t hmughr .but she stood-anbut remarked, .that it made her bones t".vick.'" doubt it will be a struggle to ass ;i; Oli . Mondav n:"inngKNo.vV , 1" ' w ' Godr J . I '.I J) ' 1 ' Salt Lake City. Utah. -- in-hi- e Terras: scrai-monthly,1- n wide-awak- e newspaper eorres- Mr.';. 1 hrelkeld, in company with D pondent. j a f'-.r- grace. every Christian . . . , ana loliow tne example ot the oavior, .".nl ohey the injunction He laid upon those who would follow. Him--"- If ye love me, keep my commandments." , rtud'"qii;-dific;ttio::- . . . - 'tliMl.-th-- - . . a- e I ; . ; to-da- ! al up-materi- . j" ' i - r. i ' ' . ' - i - -- ' -- :'.". '. j - ! ,t xX " T ! I n -- -- - I j ' j j : 