WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 52 teachers and guides, and remember, that "obediSaints should be ence is better than sacrifice." It is easy to wanrW "lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God ;" but it is the spirit of the world, and it has obtained a foot, Jnto by andiforbidden paths, but hard to retrace one's footsteps, and one seldom gets help to rehold here in Zion that this people would once have turn, though allurements lay thick around when thought impossible. It is high time some restrain, ; Woman 'S Exponent Editor. EMMELME D. WELLS, viitoistifid n Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one one $2.00; copy six months, SI. 00. Ten, one copy year, ' ' copies for the price of- nine. lines of nonpareil ten rates: Each square, Advp.rtiMn? A liberal discount 83.00. upace, one time, 82.50; (per month, semi-monthly- - to regular advertisers., office, No. 25 E., South Temple Stroct, 'second Deseret News Office. - Business Iiohh from w a-- Exponent - pate east of to 5 p.m. every aay, except aunaay. Address all business communications to ITiriLISIIER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. '" ; Salt La kr City. Utah." m Salt September i, Lake City, 1 iSS6. HERE AND THERE. UkJW W W inter time 1 ...w (rxncrht with the deepest Every day furnishes of record in the annals some fresh incident-worthof their history. Surely the Lord is hastening his work in his time, for .one event, crowds so quickly upon another that it is scarcely possible "to give each separate, .occurrence its proper place in the hurry and bustle of chronicling things as they transpire. The newspaper reporter mnst be more than ordinarily active to keep up with the chapter of accidents and matters of a similar character that transpire daily in the midst of this moderate-sizeinland city. When we look around States and elsewhere abroad, and nv'pr"thft - w United consider the condition of. the worldand the won derful events transpiring from time to time, of which we only learn a few; what then? Every person who believes in the prophecies of the Holy Scripture must be more or less gravely impressed by the "signs of the times,'' and feel that there is a power at work among the nations, above the est to the Saints. Latter-da- y y d v : t r e .u.. ,i o lcnow, or ought to know something about what these marvelous and wonderful events portend, and knowing and understanding as they do, should seek continually for the Spirit of the Lord to be be able to stand in the with them, that they-maday of trial, the test of integrity that will be re quired of each one, who has entered into holy covenants to keep the commandments of God. It is not a time for vanity, folly or nonsense, and yet how careless and indifferent many are in their daily walk and conversation. It is not expected mdi yuuug jjcuic win uc icwn,ieu iiom iicaiiniui amusements, or reasonable enjoyment; this people have always sought to fnrnish places of recreation where the young folks could meet together in theatres, parties, concerts, etc., and partake of all innocent pastimes such as are good for the body and the mind. Parents have met with children nnd children with parents, and good order has been preserved and prayers offered, and the good spirit that Saints cultivate when they are following in the paths oi dutyand oLiighteousnessj always sheds its benign influence upon such social gatherwill inevitably ings. Excess in pleasure-seekinlead to dangerous results sooner or later;. and where there is a tendency to the wisest course would be to stop and let one's reason and judgment have time to act ; the mind may become so accustomed to excitement that when it refuses to be passive,' and the spirit of unrest takes possession of the person and great unhappiness is often the consequence. Young: people frequently erow reckless with too much pleasure and do and say things that arc not consistent, and without thought, not having had y , g over-indulgenc- over-wroug- e, ht under another influence they would not be persuaded to do upon any account. They tire, so "to speak7of everything that is tame, and complain of ennui, when wholesome exercise in the way of actual work is what they most need, and would be the best antidote for restlessness. It seems strange that Latter-da- y , following the delusive and gilded bait of pleasure ing influence should be brought to bear, to awaken whose votaries are ever ready to tempt the inex the young people to their true condition and their own best interests. After all, what is there in this perienced and unsophisticated. Never get an idea cthat you must go here and there ra search of excess of pleasure that can give solid enjoyment is and vain It is more often found at home than empty, or permanent satisfaction. It abroad. The best friends you can possibly have it can never satisfy the cravings of the immortal anxPthe truest, .are. those' who have watched soul, nor even a laudable ambition. It is a power-- , fulevil influence to lead away and destroy those "over you from earliest childhood. . Father and are the ones whose counsel should be In many in-- who are capable.of better-thingThe disregard of parental government heeded. stances upon record, one finds those on whomlhe and control, has been a prolific sojurce of evil, and Creator had bestowed great gifts have allowed there is themselves to become entangled in the vortex of among the young in the present day to assert their rights and maintain the fashion, and have yielded to temptation," and in an dicrnitv evil hour have fallen a prey to the destroyer. a j of "Youne'o America." It is n trnitv V Latterday Saints should indulge in such ideas; Sometimes through taking "a conviyial glass," as but " 'tis true and more's the pity trite it is," and' it is called, men have finally succumbed to a mormoreover such sentiments are not in harmony with bid appetite, until they were lost to the proprieties of life and even decency, and their existence has the spirit of the Gospel. . Melancholy, which is often the .cause of this became a burden. .. It does seem inconsistent that at a time when mad pursuit of pleasure, is.quite frequently caused by idleness and luxury. Occupation is the rem-.- . persecution is being waged against the Latter-da- y edy, work and love of work is protection against Saints, and the whole world arrayed against them, "many evils. "It is said by Samuel Smiles of one as it were, that such a spirit of pleasure-seekin- g of, the greatest men, "work might almost be said should have gainedground among the young, and to form a part of his religion." In this Church it even many whose years and experience-shou- ld might be truly said our work should be a part of have given them greater wisdom. After all it does bur religion. Work, "is the best discipline of not happify; ask any one of those who have gone character, for it involves the exercise of diligence, of dazzling pleas- through the whole giddy round i .i i i i attention, judgment, tact, knowledge of ures, ana nave piungea aeepesi into uitmrazy and sympathy with othersTSuch a discipline is labyrinths of the world's most fascinating enjoy , ments, and they will tell you that after years of productive of happiness." in to are times be These other appreciated ways vain searcnes auer uappmess, wuu Miaucicupleasure-seekinthan the the old days prophets nerves and broken health they have sought to and forward to "looked and patriarchs sought, but drown trouble in the unknown, mystic river, Lethe, but all their plans and devices have failed. important work to be done, and missions to fill Happiness in this life is not the highest good to that will require almost superhuman faith and be attained, and if one seeks for that even, they heroism. And how, can this labor be accommust seek it in doing good to others ; there is no plished unless by men and women of indomitable such thing as isolated happiness. The consecra energy, and sublime characters. Not those who tion of life to some positive work, with the assurance of its being in the line of duty, affords more pander to popularity, and spend their Jjjne in the yam search lor happiness, and are moral cowards; true, genuine happiness than the pursuit of dreamy but arejnen and women cf action, who have the pleasure" ever could Life is full of opportunities for noble work, work for humanity, and the frivcourage of their convictions, and who fortify themselves with the cultivation of those attributes olous pastimes with which many fritter away the that give strength and vigor to all their energies, best years allotted to them on .earth, is in many life. f" physical, moral, and spiritual. cases a source of4 unceasing regret To moralize, however, was not our object, but to enter an earnest, emphatic protest against so mueh EDITORIAL NOTES. as and excessive prevails gaiety extravagant folly Some delicious large ripe fruits have graced the '' at the present time, here and there among this table of the editorial sanctum of the Exponent, people. The simplicity of the primitive days in these valleys, when carding, spinning, and colorrecently; for which we tender grateful thanks to Sisters Sutherland and Richards. ing were daily vocations, and when homespun was good enough for Sunday wear or social parties, Improved Blanks for . the Young Ladies' would be far preferable and better for the health Associations are now ready and for sale at the and permanent happiness of the young, than the Deseret News Office in this City. 1 1 is to be hoped habits many are now pursuing. It is not a time the Associations will obtain these new blanks for for extravagance, or great demonstrations of joy; current reports and thus make all reports uniform. there is, on the contrary, particular need, to econoThe Quarterly Conference of the Relief mize and carefully husband the slender means at Society of this Stake of Zion, will be held in the hand and waste not in riotous living, that which Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on Thursday, has been given to the Saints to enjoy. Prosperity Septembea i6th, at io a. ra., and 2 p. m. The in worldly matters ought not to make this people President, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, would like .to forgetful- of God, or irreverent inkeeping His laws. see a good representation from each Ward in this The Sabbath day should be kept holy if His bless county. All those interested in the labors of these ing is expected. Moderation in all things should benevolent organizations are cordially invited to be the motto of the Latter-da- y Saints., attend the meetings. There are plenty of innocent recreations for the body and the mind, and they On Friday, the Y. L. M. I. A. of this Stake are always within the reach of the young will hold their Conference, in the Fourteenth of Zion, and they have no need to minpeople Ward Assembly Rooms, occupying the whole of gle wjth an element that is opposite in its nature, the day; and on Saturday, the Conference of the ancT would lead them downward; they should Primary Associations of this Stake will be held in beware'of all suchrTheyshould the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. Presidents of. the keep good comand avoid evil influences as they would a pany, respective Associations should notify the children loathsome disease, for it is far more to be dreaded. and parents, that there may be a good Hearken to the counsel of those who are their - hap-pine- " s. . . - 7 1 self-denia- -- l, . g; in-aft- er - ss. 