:, WAS I DREAMING? -7- :,.'. .,.,, '".."..'.''. "Don't go," seemed whispered authoritatively in Henrietta's ear, "Don't go!" "I Will," she met, answered Should , I try to describe it? No. -- ' Glimpses of that glory, In which I once dwelt with you. ; ,, spoke to them. They awoke, Strange, as from another world. I beheld I lived, as it werelifetirpe. of ..joy, In which' I seemedto ripen into manhood. Vestals from, heavenly mansions Stood before me, of unsurpassed beauty; We were permitted to enter the Temple of God. I There again I heard th6 music, as of yore, And memories sweet my soul enjoyed; I was entranced in that heavenly mood, Recalled from celestial childhood. A veil was between us, It being removed, I saw them again my wives. " , H. M. . THE THOUGHTS OF' GOD BY FRANCES RIDLEY IIAVERQAL, They say there is a hollow safe and still, A point of coolness and repose Within the centre of a flame, where life might dwell Unharmed and unconsumed, as in a luminous shell, Which the bright walls of fire enclose In breachless splendor, barrier that no foes Could pass at will . -- . There is "a point of rest At the great centre of the cyclone's force, A silence at itssecret source; , A little child might slumber undistressed, Without a ruffle of one fairy curl, In that strange central calm amid the mighty whirl. . So, in the centre of these thoughts of God, Cyclones of power, consuming glory fire, As we fall overawed , Upon our faces, and are lifted higher . By His great gentleness, and carried nigher Than unredeemed angels, till we stand Even in the hollow iof His hand Nay, more! we lean upon His breast-Th- ere, there we find a! point of perfect rest And glorious safety; there we see thoughts to usward, thoughts of peace That stoop in tenderest love; that still increase With increase of our need; that never change, That never fail, or falter, or forget. ' ; . XLgerillexHmax-of-the-depth4indiieigh- . Of" God's most preciousthoughts, most wonderful, most strange! "For I am poor and needy, yet The Lord Himself, Jehovah, thinketh upon me!" HENRIETTA'S VISIT. BY EMILY B. SPENCER. dark-eye- d girl communed to-da- y; i of-affai- y ! - . . , Tube Continued.' NOTES AND NEWS. Santa Fe. N. M., is to have a monument to Helen Hunt Jackson of tho most fiti.ino- kind. viz , a Ramona school-fo- rIndian girls. She for those who unable are to plead for pleaded themselves. - - Tenn., girls and women are Tn Memphis, employed to make a certain. grade of jeans pan t8 for SI. 25 a dozen, and some as low as JS1 a dozen. Shirts that retail for $2.50 are made by women lor eight cents eacu. Uarpet-- . teewcrs, who work about four months cents to SJ year, get from seventy-fiv- e of twelve and often fifteen hours. jn the a day ' A lady correspondent, writing from Paris, announces that at a recent wedding in that city the bride's veil fell to below the waist, and the orange blossoms, instead of being placed inside, were on the", outside of the veil. The effect is described as much of 'an improvement. The veil can be gathered around the face closely, and gives an air of modesty and reverie suitable to a woman on the most important day of her life. The difference does not seem very great, but before the mandates of Paris fashions all ladies bow. d AT AMERICAN There died a few days ago, at Geneva, a lady named Elise Darier,-wh- o, though her life had A special meeting of the Relief Society was been neither noteworthy nor eventful, was reheld in the meeting house of Araerican Fork, markable as being the last surviving Gene-vois- e born under the old republic, and who ThursdayJuly loth, President Mary S. Hind- - could remember its conquest by the French diley presiding; Sisters E. R. Snow Smith and E. B. Wells of this city were present by invi rectory. When the French troops took posof the city in 1798, Elise Darier wa3 session tation. Bishop. Bromley, his Counselors and nx years old, and the event made such, an imother brethren, also officers of the Relief So pression on her mind that she never forgot it'. ciety, occupied seats upon the platform. Sister Eliza, whose name i3 familiar to this In 1800 she saw.GenerahBonaparteat Coppet, as he rode through the village in a post chaise people as a leader among the sisters, addressed the meeting both in the morning and afternoon on his way to join the army of Italy, sur-- . rounded by a brilliant staff and a guard of sessions. Her great age and venerable appearMamelukes, When a little older she' danced ance, her stately and dignified manner, her ' choice language and clear and concise method at a ball given by Mme. de Stael, and in 1814 of expression,together with her long and varied at another, given by the city qf Geneva to the Austrian General- - Bubna, after the defeat and combine to give experience in the Church-a- ll weight and emphasis to her wise counsel and withdrawal of the French army of occupation. As Mile. Darner had an excellent memory, earnest exhortation, and on this occasion, particularly, her" words could not fail to make a and retained her faculties unimpared to the last day of her long life, she was' regarded in deep and lasting impression upon all who were Geneva almost historic character, and privileged to see and hear her, for her discourse was even more than ordinarily eloquent enjoyed general respect as the sole surviving link with an eventful past. ,Ex. and prophetic. is a They had grown up together, eating their . . - it Bishop Bromley spoke a short time at the clo3Qof the morning meeting. -- He made an. viuuumv uuu iun,iutc aupctti iv me sisters UHU motner3 in regard to the position they occupied and their duties to the young and rising generation, and complimented the members of the Relief Society on the efficiency of their labors, which he seemed fully to appreciate and com-- ; prehend. He alluded feelingly to his recent indictrnent and probable imprisonment for liyj jingjns religion and obeying a divine com- - , 'raaudmeht, and spoke with great firmness and 'courage of his convictions; and in reference to 'the situation in Utah at the present jtirae. , Many interesting remarks were made-bother sisters calculated to strengthen, bless .and encourage the Saints, The speakers were jSislers Mary Johq, of Provo; Elizabeth Brown, of Pleasant Grove; Rebecca Standring, Lehi; Margaret McCuljoUgh, Alpine; and E. B. Wells, Salt Lake City. :' President Hiudley and Counselor Crompton made closing remarks,-expressintheir enjoyment in the testimonies that had. been borne by those who had spoken, and the" ex ercisea throughout wera that Li - i thought . . . ...? calculated to inspire to renewed duligence and faithfulness. Anexcellent spirit characterized the entire proceedings. The meeting closed with singing, "The spirit of God like a fire is burning." Benediction by Bishop Bromley." j FORK. t- A tall, slender, -.is WOMAN'S MEETING . with herself one fair, bright morning:"I will go and see Margaret long time since I have visited her." ' ) well-dresse- --- His O pity infinite! O royal mercy free! ' - " . elf, - That vision! Ye eternal gods! accept my thanks! It was you who in my soul, 'Celestial memoriesfrorn heaenly abode's, Reviving in me eternal love, to-hers- e ''"' Angels! , "Margaret is going to be "Don't, go," again came the Silent voice, u hey are ho rrible Mormons." W ithin hermind a struggle commenced. - One still small-voicpaid, "Go,- and ;joii will always rejoice," The opposite spirit whispered, "Stay at home or vou will be scofieHrcfor visiting , there." Again and again came the pleading voice of "Courage!" and as often" came, the - warning -- voice of "Don't cro!" Which was best? Un known to her, her future destiny for time and M Le tern itylaylin th at d ecision . She seemed bound by an invisible power, but with an effort she roused herself, and giv-in- g a final decision, "I will go," arose and began to get ready for the pleasant morning walk -- with a light-an.- l happy heart. "Briskly she set out, and with joy swelling in her heart arrived T at her beloved Margaret's home. The two girls talked of the past, the present and the, future,: andwhemHennrietta asked what the Mormons believed in, Margaret's father arose,- placed his chair before him and commenced expounding the first principles of Alormonim,-iaith,-repentan- ce and -- baptism; that everything was done by faith; if we had no faith we would cease to work or exert our selves to obtain anything; that faith healed tho sick faith performed wonders. Repentance of all misdeeds and forsaking the same. Bap. tism for the remission of sins, to be baptized and buried under the water, symbolical of the ..burial and resurrection of Jesu3 Christ, which is essential, which is the only door, the only. entrance to the Church of, Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y the- - only true- Saints. which church, the only one that He acknowledges. And for all - cf his argument he quoted Scripture, showing that this present Church was identically in doctrine the same as that established in former day3 by Christ. A new light dawned upon her mind, a new joy pervaded her heart. "It is true! it is true!" she exclaimed. It was because of the truth that the conflict had been so hard in the morn ing, and there was a power to try and stay her from going. It was the. truth that she heard, the truth that she loved, and the truth that she believed. departing resonance, leaving me in a longing, Ajvat, tut in which I dreamed, Oh, so happy! unlil I awoke. The blindfolding removed? ; beheld! -.:; .married." v It's I 35 h, ' " EXPONENT. supper of.miik and porridge on each other's doorsteps, as they fancied, for their houses joined. But. in later years Margaret's father had moved away to a small village near Edin-burg- In the groves by the meadows, The music Ijhere listened to -When Faries danced i the moonlight haze. , .The night breeze sighed, .' " The Zephyrs' whispered, , ind stillness grew while I listened. Thanks, ye gods! that I can recall it. It beckoned me deeper and deeper Into its sacred realm; where it ceased, WOMAN'S as-a- - . 