WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 117 hands are about to strew upon the fertile bosom of the future 'All the5crnsw,rp.cession pass before us, and happinesa will reign daysr where peace, joy whoinstead of using their all but omnipoten moment brief but in every heart; turning forgone powers to.' protect the weak, succor the needy, abase; the proud and' exalt the, lowly, prostitute to the year just past, the view is not all so bright, rising like stars uj"ifi giving both power and authority to rob the poor and as we should love to recall, for we see our homes trample on the defenceless. overhung with fears. We know that among the light unto the darkness, .guiding' the traveler, of Time toward the goal of his earthly And, Latter-daSaints, what of ourselves; we homes of our people are many hearths where lowerforth from the driven who profess niore, possess more and hope for more some dear one is missing," pilgrimageor spreading like mists along a than any other people on earth ? Are "we not of ail society of loved ones by the unjust decrees of ing sky to remind him of perils that are past men and wpmen most accountable, and will we be wicked men Imprisonment and exile deprive us bringing again to memory the phantoms of bygone errors and their consequences. beld guiltless if we neglect, pervert or unwisely of theu society: of pur loved and revered fathers and husbands, and falteringly as a little child first The beginning of a new year. The turning over . use the priceless privileges and blessings entrusted of another leaf in the great book of human des- - to our care? Is the Priesthood a bauble, the Gos-- ; attempts to walk,or a young bird to try its pinions, pel a dream, or are they what we solemnly declare we draw aside the, curtain to glance for one brief tiny. .Is itoLtrulyailimeJbxlhQught a seaso n e only-key- s moment into the dim and mystic future. Gazing for solemn meditation? The past is as a page that the power of God" unto salvation,-thinto the picture, which but. a moment since was is written, blotted and blurred it may be in places that will unlock the eternal gates of glory? Realair so bright and gay, we discern clouds and for no. imperfect human hand ever held the pen izing this, what manner of men and women ought we to be? . shadows yet what do they signify? They but of fate with steady poise but written, neverthe; At the another of year, let these beginning mellow and enhance its beauty a thousand fold. less, written and irrevocable. The present it is that has endured all sunshine and1 nothing; it is only the hinge of another leaf, the things be remembered. Let there be no backing . The life down, no relinquishment of right, no surrender shadow combined tells ever the most beautifuj pivot upon which the future becomes the past,-thand touching story. Though we cannot foretel altar on which- the fires of hope are converted into of sacred principle. God will justify those who suffer for His sake the pains and penalties of the coming events, we know by our past history the ashes of memory. The future, alone is availHe will rejudge. the ''Justice " of the that when pur enemies sought to destroy us, God able. Pure "and spotless as a field of untrodderi tyrant, and hypocrites and traitors shall tremblex . snow, it is the blank leaf of life prospered us the more. updn which may be before Him. They who confess Him before men Our greatest joys have ever - been attained w written whatsoever we will. shall never be ashamed or confounded, and them through trials most bitter and severe; It was not Is New Year's not a time then for sober reflecwill He own before the angels in' heaven. Blessed "Will t? the brightest'prospect "for our people when they tion? TMaynot the futurerepeat were forced to leave their homes and dear ones in not similar causes at all times have similar effects? are they that endure unto the end7 BIe1edare they who are faithful over a few things, for they Nauvoo and wander over the trackless desert in Will not every:seed sown produce after its kind? shall be rulers over many things hereafter. Happy search of a resting place no green and beautiful Will not each word'and deed which we consign, ofttimes so carelessly, to the fruitful valley surrounded with the grandest mountains, jire they who keep their second estate, for they shall be added uponeterhalIy? H appy are they, watered by the purest streams, dotted with the womb of futurity, come forth to meet us at the thrice happy, who seek first the Kingdom and its loveliest lakes and filled with the happiest homes, I Judgment seat of eternal reward and retribution? and they such as they now have beamed before them: Will not the same hand which scatters the seed, righteousness, for all things are' theirs,are Christ's and Christ is God's, forever and ever. they only saw a long, weary journey, leading they hereafter hold the sickle, and the upright form now O.F.Whitney. knew not whither, and bringing them-the- y knew stridingTOver the furrows of its fate, ere long be not what; but the journey was not all pain, it had bending beneath the burden df the harvest home? its pleasures, too, and who doubts but that the Such are questions we all may ask, 'subjects A TROPICAL PICTURE. hearts that endured the hardships were far happier loftiFrom the well we which may ponder. upon , than the ones that caused thenyand we know that, est to the lowest estate, men and women are but AS SEEN BY HOMESPUN. answer 10 the homes built in Zion were far more peaceful must the Great stewards for time; they than the ones left .in Nauvoo. What is that city Judge for the "dteeds done in the body," and renOne of the commonest and tritest'of sayings is, now? Not prosperous as it bid fair to become, der to their Lord at His coming an account of the that there are two sides to a picture. Nothing but only a deserted village, saddened .with strange talents with which they are entrusted. All are could be truer; and as one of my friends remarked memories and. stained with martyrs' blood. We accountable beings, from the king upon bis throne the other day that I saw but one side, and that have nothing to regret in looking back, for our to the pauper in the from the ermined judge generallyja an exaggerated form, I shall prove to and guided us to the prisonerat - the o.i free but , responsible Heavenly Father has her by this letter that I am quite capable of seeing through the bitterest trials, and as the past has agents of the same Mighty Master, who endows both sides, if I only choose. So I ravitie you to been so may the future be; in looking forward we men according to their merits orHisown will; r gaze first .. have nothing to dread. The past has ever taught them Into the world to cope with evil and ON THIS PICTURE. us now much better it is to suffer wrong than to overcome it with good. .Here is one placed in . I sit in my own doorway, facing the ow golden do wrong; that joys are ever mingled with our position and invested with authority, an elected or west, the sun whispering to the dimly outlined pains, and that the brightest rewards await the hereditary ruler.of the masses ; there, one who has accumulated millions, standing like a golden god moon behind a bank of dusky purple clouds, their , greatest sufferers. As we look further intp the picture, we discover edges glistening, with rosy pleasure at the approach upon the summit of a shrine erected to the honor that-jthshadows but faintly conceal brighter and glory of Mammon. Independent, each may of their king; the mountain sides are clothed with so as to wealth and volition, but . thick groves of trees, whose green crowns are suDDose.andtrulv scenes, even as the clouds sometimes cover from r i tj ' never cast to earth by winter's cold hand. The hi5 evervJ art. of fnr 3rrnnntahl view the brightest stars ; we .must not long to re- ntrrfhelAcc v V. ili ' little vale lying between my home and the hills is move them, but await the course of time. tyranny and injustice, folly or crime, and for every To all our readers.we extend wishes of joy and dollar of his wealth,stolen or honestly earned, wasted checkered with rice fields, dotted with broad leaved bananas, stately cocoanuts, and many other trop.happiness for the coming year. May it be the pr carefully spent, centralized upon sel consumed ical trees; here and there a grass hut, showing brightest of your lives. If any of you have fears upon his lusts, or utilized-- ' to benefit and bless olive and brown against the bright foliage, with or sorrows, may they be removed and healed, and humanity. Another has power of intellect, the one or two whitewashed cottages, rest jquietlyJIn may; health, peace and prosperity atte rid you all. fiery eloquence of the poet or the orator, the penethe bosom of the pretty valley. At my feet (my Once more "a happy new year." trating research of the scientist and the philosohouse is on a hill side) is one of these white cot- - " pher, the legislative or military mind of the states-man and the soldier. Each,in all his greatness, is but tages, and it boasts a pretty garden of geraniums and chrysanthemums. a factor in God's universal plan, amenable for the NEW YEAR THOUGHTS. The cows in the adjacent green fields Jowl mus way in which his geniuslFdisplayed and the effect ically for their young. The dusky natives clad in As we pass from out the portals of the old year of his influence and works upon the lives and libbright colors, and graceful as panthers, go laugh- erties of those around him. and pause upon the threshold of the. new, hesitatalso of ing past my door, from their work in the sugar And what is true of individuals, ing with hand upon the door bell, reflecting on the fields.. .... . probable results of ringing for admittance into the societies and nations. The parable- of the talents I hear, away off, the voice of a child chanting a has not only a personal, but also a social and politundiscovered future, what a throng of busy thoughts weird mele (song) In the soft sounds of his native the mpst highly sweep down upon the memory and imagination ! ical application. Our own nation, tongue. I step softly out into the balmy' twilight, The faded pictures of the past, the unfinished favored on. earth, incomparable in" almost all that and my feet press down the velvety grass that constitutes earthly greatness, is likewise unrivalled paintings qf the present, the dim and dreamy outcovers every inch of this my island home, and in responsibility before Him who holds in His lines of the unattempted yet ever glorious limnings eastward to the sea. How dimly musical look h of the future. All that has been done, all that is right hand the destinies of nations, and who sound the - waves as - they dash, now on to soft now doing, all that remains "to do or dare.'-- Harup one or putteth the Judgment of His will. An awful weight rests sand, and anon up to the rocky promontory tha vests already reapedgrain that is still growing, latent germs that lie sleeping under the surface of upon the shoulders of men in high places. And rises abrupt and grey away but in the deep sea. The restless waters look dark and purplish in our lives, seeds of coming events which our busy J what will be the answer of some, aye of many, ; . way-wor- n y , " : . - ce. the-pas- and-unfaili- ng - : ever-guarde- d -- and-send- s - . -- - , -- e MJ. W 1 V. iV.- - -' 7 . , ". is-tru- e . set-tet- dbwri-anotheraccordin- . .'. ' 