WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' it was with her an inspiration and a pleasure. Many' are' the enconiums of praise given her by those who enjoyed and appreciated her articles. Perhaps when'the cooler weather comes she may recruit and become known again through her writings. She has had great faith exercised for her through the administration of the Elders, and many precious promises have been given, that have buoyed her up and helped her, and Sister King is perfectly passive, and reconciled to the will of "the Lord to go or to stay, as seemeth His will. ' It was ouV duty, no doubt, to have men- tioned Sister King's illness in the Exfonent be- fore but'we hoped she would soon recover and J take her accustomed place in the. columns of our little paper. We ar,e greafly indebted to her for many , beautiful thoughts eloquently expressed, and her memory will live in the hearts of thousands who never kneV her personally, because of her, valuable contributions to home literature, her desire for knowledge and early qualified dreadful crime, 'it doubtless was designed to be barbarous in order to impress the minds of the people with the awful consequences of such an ' act, and to show the execration with which the memories of .suicides would be held by surviving generations 10 mis oay- - puces 01 tins kiuu, whfr thf h(l,15.- nf iilrid..i wr,- Knrlf-- arc known an.l pointed out by. the common people. The rememberance of the minner in which they destroyed themselves, and their burial places, are perpetuated "from generation to generation, and such spots are dreaded and shunned, especially in the night. . , This custom of refusing Christian burial to prevails upon the. continent of Europe. The Catholic church in Europe riridlv excludes murderers from burial in what is knowu as ground. This is the rule also where the Greek church the Lutheran church, and the church of England have control. The mortal remains of no suicide is permitted" to be buried in ground which has been consecrated as the last resting ' place of those who lead proper lives. In this way these churches show their condemnation of this .'crime.. I think the Latter-daSaints should do her- self for a teacher, receiving a certificate to teach at sixteen. Afterwards she attended the Iowa State Agricultural College for one year. She acin all the positions she quitted filled j whether "practical or literary 7 and as a wife and mother," she was devoted and In Farmer's Ward, where she has lived since her marmge, January 10th, 1876, she has filled, at different times, the offices of Primary Counselor and President of both Primary and Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations. Sister Pratt's life was replete with good deeds, and she died in the full hope of a glorious resur- rection beyond the grave. herself-honorabl- - self-sacrifici- ng. -- self-murdere- . BY THE EDITOR. is becoming an event of Suicide, or startling frequency in our country. At no time since the people came to these valleys has there been so many suicides in proportion to the population as of late. In fact, in early days, it was a crime almost unknown to the people ; and if a l ;e to place a high value upon life. We are occurred, it shocked the community comment. But' tiught- to look upon murder as a most frightful and excited deep and crime. 1 he sacreuness ana importance ot human now there is scarcely a daily paper without anac life are impressed upon us by every , revela. count of some person having attempted ' tion God which concernhas A. mania for self killing appears to be given his future destiny. The ing man and going through the country. No doubt the com Spirit of God impresses mah to look with" mission of this act by one suggests the crime to abhorence upon the shedding of blood; and no d others. people, or those who have a love for notoriety, brood over the killing of man, who ispossessed of it, will take the life of which they have heard, until their minds become an anim al, a fowl, a fish, or even an insect, unnecessarily. morbid andvpartly Jnsane', upon, the subject, and In order. to palliate the crime of in a moment of temptation thev destroy them there is a disposition ofen shown to attribute the selves. act to insanity or aberration ot mind, this is The frequency with which this crime is com especially so where the individual who destroys mitted calls loudly upon those in authority in the himself, or herself has been respected, or where community to take some measures to check the they have respectable connections. In this way mania. Tt should receive immediate attention. The seal of public condemnation should be put it is thought the feeling of surviving relatives will be saved. Doubtless there are many cases' ojf upon suicide. Those who have an inclination of this. kind should be made to understand that in this mania can be greatly controlled and checked, kiUing themselves, they gain an infamous notoriexperience has abundantly proven. At one time, ety and bring upon themselves public dishonor and the same condemnation that is attached to in the city of Paris, the mania for became almost an epidemic. The authorities, bemurder of every kind. L This crime is increasing rapidly" in the United ing alarmed at the increase of the crime, took the States and other nations. It seems to be one of subject into consideration, and, finally, decided to of. every suicide, stripped of the results of Satan's increased influence over the expose the body of clothing, to the gaze of all the children of men. Having no tabernacle himself, every vestige e. public, who chose to visit the morgue, or he would like to prompt every child of God to It seemed a brutal thing .to do, butthe destroy "his body. When a human being becomes epidemic needed a strong remedy. It had the de possessed of the devil, the tabernacle is soon sired effect. Suicides almost ceased. Even wrecked; for neither he nor his companion spirits abandoned women shrank from committing self- know to what use to put a fleshly tabernacle exmurder in view of such a penalty the exposure of cept to destroy it." their persons after death to the vulgar gaze. This Man did not create himself. He did not furnish his spirit with a human dwelling place. It is experiment plainly proves that there can be checks used to prevent this crime. God who created man, both body and Spirit. Man i f rn r r r l a Alfa ffiif rr o n r imrsn A a has no right, therefere, to destroy that which he us if it were known beforehand that such had no agency in creating.. They who do so are among indignities as I have referred to would be heaped it is true; but they guilty of murder, upon their lifeless remains. But if officers and are no more justified in killing themselves than of our Church meet members and some they are in killing others. What difference of IIY1 t r l f j' ciuijui.uui iiucia.wnn I do not two the for is crimes, there punishment exoelTerrt .and traits workh of the, to the moral .C ka. rr rK n know; but It is clear that no' one can destroy so i c r r A rv r tilon I a life' without of that as incurring a precious gift or her own life, and then a cortege is formed .. severe penalty. . the body, with solemn pagantry, to the times the remains mdiaeval of the people By cemetery, to consign it to a resting place amidst of those who were" guilty of this offense were the honored dead w.hose li ves have been just and treated as the remains of other murderers. In pure, what is there to make the living think that to dig the grave England, it was the practice r is a dreadful sin against Godand of the suicide in a place where four roads met. against humanity ? The body was consigned to the hole, and a stake Many perhaps will think this language harsh.. was driven througb.it into the ground, and it was Sympathy for the families of those who commit then covered up. This was a barbarous meuioa this deed would prompt words of comfort, because-oof treating the lifeless remains of a human being; the dreadful trial to which they are subjected; en- - j but it clearly expresses the horror that was but this crime is becoming too common to admit tertained by the people of those days of this self-murd- ' Died, at her residence, in Farmer's Ward, vvcuacsud luuiimi, ocpicraucr isi. oou, oihicr Reba B. Pratt, beloved wife of Elder Alma Pratt-SistePratt's illness was of a very trying and painful nature,' and her sufferings, a greater part of the time during the last two years, had been most 1 r intense and agonizing. To those around her, and her friends who visited her from time totime, she was a marvel of. patience and sweet resignation; No complaints or murmurs were ever heard from her lips, and when momentarily, free from pain she was bright, and cheerful. She had an angelic spirit, and her. faith in the principles' of divine truth was ever strong and fervent. jHer sick room might well be called "a chamber of peace," for su.ch it seemed to me whenever I visited her. Sister Pratt was in herself a beautiful character, and possessed of a gifted and refined nature. friends she as persuaded, during the period of her illness, to consent to the publication of her fragmentary writings. The book was issued about xen ciays previous 10 ner aemise - Dome 01 me niiar-wac snfforincr arutf werp written whilf pain, and as she has always been a very busy and 'industrious person, has not had leisure to write and revise and cultivate as much as some others, but wrote as she felt impressed from time to time. Th titl th rhr!p fnr hfr honk is rertainlv a most. appropriate one: "The Sheaf of a Gleaner." A'sketch of the author's life wak written by Sister Sarah Jane Cannon, and published with the poems. no- farK- - and d.ifp"?. TKic YYnrrriThr m'upc i n f etc., a valuable addition to the work. We must Congratulate Sister Cannon on her success in introduction to the verses, as it gives the reader a greater interest in the poems. Such lives as that of Sister Pratt are worthy of record, and ;we; sHztl be glad to republish the sketch from the little book at some future time, A poem entitled, VWhen Will The Messenger Come," expresses her real feelings in regard to death in a. most pathetic and touching style. , The last verse, is : y" irl! . - pre-parinjrt- his , . - er y - - . . self-murd- er - wide-sprea- d self-destructio- n. " Weak-minde- self-murd- ; - V - Oh, blessed dream! could the awakening come With my lather and mother, safe at home." By that dream she means a dream of childhood, in, her sleep, to which she alludes in the preceding verse. ; er ( self-destructi- dead-hous- T 1 ! ! Self-murd- er to-geth- -- 1 "VVhen through the'dark waters he bears ras away, A boon to my soul it would be If that dream unbroken like some magic spell Could keep death's shadow from me; m. I - Vi i A 1 1 -- V 1 c . self-murde- ' 1S56, in Polk Pratt was born April ist, City, Iowa.; Her parents were Latter-da- Saints, andshewas early taught lheprinciples of the Gospel, to, which she ever remained firm and steadfast. She was baptized Dec. 4tb, 1S69, by Elder Moroni L.Pratt. She was ambitious in y rs con-sccrat- ed TOPICS OF THE TIMES. , REBA BEEBE PRATT. - . f 