I -- r 7T WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - reviewing the messageit is" not our purpose. to dwell at any length on its several parfs points it ha few In. fact it does' not merit it, for the whole is merely a mixture of egotism, Insinuation and abuse, such as might usually be expected in an lecture,' gotten up for outside, effect.. it as a perfect insult to the people of We regard this Territory, arid cart readily imagine the feel- - . ings t)f disgust which must in the Ubreasts of our legislators while they were com- pelled to sit quietly and listen to it. Look at such - ; , sentence as wiese. the aid "Remember given by the government to . who settled Utah. Remember the hardy pioneers those who settled Utah was one not lifeof that put in jeopardy in the battles with Mexico." To what aid does His Excellency refer ? We remem- Ler only maun mose uays our government retused to protect us, and allowed us to be driven from our comfortable homes inJO the wildejness. Sup in our. and the early. long journey, port during : we save had from the One none, days in Utah, who protects all who have faith in Him our Heavenly Father. We remember, in.the hour of our greatest need, government called upon us for, and was willing to take from us.our strongest and bravest men to aid in. the war with Mexico. .Was7 no life in jeopardy then? Is there ever a battle fought in which only the actual participants are in danger? Was there not danger in this instance to those poor wives, mothers, sisters and children who were left on the lonely, dreary plains to pur sue their journey without their kind protectors? We do not ask Governor Murray to think of the sufferings, the hardships the trials that our people endured in the early days of Utah, when they lived in the rudest huts, ate roots and.the coarsest food, fought and labored day and night to protect themselves from the wolves and Indians. He is perhaps incapable of considering the thought, but he ought to remember that the men ;to whom he delivered this shameful address were either the early settlers themselves, or sons of the noble pioneers, or at least their representatives, and they knew and felt the fallacy of his assertions. We will not pursue the subject of the message throughout, only to mention the advice the Governor gives after recommending the passage of the marriage law, whichis embodied in the new Edmunds Bill. He says: "I recommend the enactment of. laws against polygamy, bigamy and unlawful cohabitation commensurate with the law of Congress, as interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States." J To some extent Congress might be pardoned for enacting such laws, for they do not understand the true condition of ; the people here,, and 'are actuated by popular prejudice, and lured on by a man recognized as an astute and influential politician. :They act blindly, and do not care to enquire far into a question which concerns themselves little while they have other measures nearer their own interests to adopt ; but the idea that our own the enactment of representatives would-attemsuch laws is absurpU and, scarcely deserves a thought. - What measures the present legislature r may assured adopt is, of course will be such as will best' aid and benefit the they a long time the parties framing and For people. enacting these laws against Utah have declared that they did :so in defense of the ''poor, n women of Mormondom," that they wished to loose ' our fetters and restore to us the rights that we hold; to be' every" woman's due. As the voice of the womenof Utah, the Exponent declares, we are neither poor, nor wronged, but on the contrary, rich in the happiness ' and" peace of Our homes, Upheld and honored in every Way, as wives and mothers should be, we have ' no fetters, save the golden chains of affection, and are wronged only by our enemies'. 'Tis not the women of Utah" who desire -- have-arisen j such legislation. .Our cry hasrer been, ' We are content; leave Congress and all who have had; a hand in framing'and passing these laws against us. to pause and go no; further, but retract the steps already taken, restore to us the liberty the Edmunds law has taken a Way, and give us back from' prison and exile our husbands and our fathers. T - -- pt unknoWnf-Jbut.wt.fee- down-tro'dde- : T . ed 'Theirof-fens- e - -- LETTER TO PRESIDENT CLEVELAND. been given to the same by the ordering of troops . , , ' a trivial one. It is a very , grave and serious matter to bear false witnessagainst an individual, and still more reprehensible-- . to villify, traduce and lie' about a whole people." : The offending of the unworthy officials has been aggravated by their inspiring the wildly sensational : dispatches to the press of the. 'country, which would have been, treated as they deserved by all .... reflecting people if the stamp of truth had not -- . represent the Federal government. has- - not been . . down-trodden,'fetter- to usJilocpTo "anti-polyga- r 12 DELEGATE, . JOHN f.: CAIN E AGAIN WRITES TO TH E PRESIDENT TO REFU E LI BELS AND AND APPEAL FOR JUSTICE. f . - - jS' Bx courtesy of Hon. John T. Caine. we are favored with a copyof the following letter,' which he presented to President Cleveland on the" date mentioned: ."; v, ' from' Omaha to Utah, and the 'quartering thereof in Salt Lake Ci ty Far removed as you are from the scene of: these occurrences, and naturally" reposing confidence in the men who represent- - the Federal Government in Utah, you1, doubtless felt that it was but pru-- . dence on your part to respond' to their application for additionaltroops. Controlling, as these officials - do, an intemperate - ancTviolently partsan.-ne.wspaper, and through it the associated press disWashington, D. C.,. Dec. 10, 1885. sent from Salt Lake City, they have been Sir I have the honor to transmit herewith the patches able to giye:wide circulation tq. their .deliberately '. result of the inquiry made by the Council of Salt manufactured falsehoods. --.The. action of the Lake City touching the unfounded representations ;Federal Government, thus induced, in its turn made to you by the Governor of the Territory of a belief on the part of millions of Utah and .0 ffirials ; srio usl y ieff ect- - " superinduced thal'the ,cMormOns" were on" the point of character people ing upon the peaceable and actual rebellion. While,, therefore,' it is true that ; of the "Mormon" citizens of that Territory. the presence of additional troops in Utah and the I am sure that you will be convinced after readquartering of a company in Salt Lake City has not ing the official report of the City Council, that the an injury to any individual the resultFederal officials grossly misrepresented the ant have Been most seriously consequences character of the "Mormon" people, and that there injurious to the ''Mormon" people Vand indeed "to was not a scintilla of truth in the statements they the whole country. made to you of danger to life and property at the The men who are responsible for these things,. hands of, lawless men inspired by. "Mormon" I repeat, ought not to retain your confidence. I ' leaders. s, submit, moreover, that in view o the.demonstra-fe- d You will notice that the scope of the inquiry unreliability of these officials, of their (tasay was broad enough to cover the whole ground; the least) suspiciou conduct, the people I have that the Federal officers and the military authori the honor to represent ought to have the opporties were invited to.be present and give their testitunity to be heard by fair and impartial, men who to was its wild rumor traced that every t mony; would report the truth to you. I am surejhat Mi was oDserve win it you inai conclusively origin, there are many .such men who; would gladly re- proved that no body of armed men came into Salt spond to an invitation from you to visit Utah and Lake1 City, and that the rumor nf the threatened make inquiry and report the facts for the guidance lynching of Deputy Marshal- Collin was wholly of your administration. ; . untrue; that the gathering at the City Hall on the Very respectfully, night of the shooting of McMurrin by-- Collin was John T, Caine. a qui et"and orderly assembling of not more than, To the President. two hundred people; that the stories about the secretion of arms and ammunition in the city, and the organizing and arming of "Mormons" in the R.rS., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. various settlements throughout the Territory were without any foundation!! fact. ... ; .j;L;I:- ;'car'UTAiri GuNLpcKriyA8niNOT03rI cannot doubt, sir, that you must be satisfied that the monstrously false stories which have been Editor Exponent: telegraphed to the eastern press had their source I thought that a few lines from this isolated inthe same quarter whence .emanated the repre place might perhaps be of interest. - We are but are to sentations made exaggerabut. few iu .number, but feel to do our part in your They rumors' which baseless of the tions irresponsible Sa iota, the great work that we, the Latter-da- y '' doubtless Governor of ..the originated, are engaged in. partisans for the sole purpose of affording him a pretext for The Relief Society is in a good condition. in Since the death of our beloved president, Sister requesting the quartering of Federal soldiers ' . 1 " ther-Feder- al law-abidi- ng 7-- beenrjr - .. I 1 . . r.-- " , Salt Lake City'. .. I As have, heretofore, assured your verbally and in writing, it is not the presence of troops quartered in the city of Salt Lake, which we protest againit, but .the false, malicious, and inexcusable misrepresentations which induced ;'you to order them Uhither. I beg you, sir; to. reflect for a . . . -- moment upon the serious injury these false accusations have- - caused a whole community, whith, whatever maybe the difference of opinion,respect- ing some of its religious teachings and practice's, is recognized by the whole civilized world as an eminently-peaceabland conservative oner Not only have the vast material interests of the "Mormon" people been irreparably damaged by these wickedly false stories, but a feeling of insecurity has been created thereby in the minds of capital ists who 'have invested millions in Utah. I respectfully' submit, Mr. President, that the men who have so grossly deceived you in this matter are unworthy of your confidence and unfit e . Salenda E. Huntsman which occurred June 10th, 1884 Sister .;E.. Truman has presided. Sister M. M. Holt presides ovfr tLjaPrimary, and all our little ones are greatly. inteTested. . . Lucy Ti.uiaiJ; ; WASATCH STAKE, i- - The Quartarly Conference of the Relief of Wasatch! Stake of Zioa, was Held in Ileber City, Oct. 29th, J880. .' There were present, Prest. Emma Brown rand her Counselors; alo several of the branch Presidents Sister Brown expressed hergelf pleased io. meet in,-- a conference- - capacity again. The presi-- ' dents gave in their reports, which were ..very favorable showing a good feeling prevailing throughout the Stake. V Sister Alexander said she wished to still continue faithful and ba'an example to her sister3 and ner children. '. Sister Daybeli said her desire Vas.to do her ociety - ; 