The Rigliis of the Women of Z ion, and the 'Rights of 'tU:Womcti.ofall Nations. ' Vol. 14. S A LT ONLY A VOICE. -- ; Strange jwargit; ia its mystic sound, - '' Cut reason cannot tell me why! Silence is breathing all around, And heaves my lieurt th" unwonted sifr; : . ' this human life, And strange the mystic threads that weave Around our heart with beauty rife, ' And all its sombreness relieve. is -- ; Oh! are not these some little part Of that bright atmosphere above? Concocted by a God-lik- e art,, "And purified by" God-IIie'Iove- ? And did we not a portion - bring Of this bright essence from on high, When we agreed aside to fling Our glorions home and lay it by?, ' " And mated to a mortal frame to sulfcf To.beaf That and to die, we might greater glory gain, Eternal as the heavens are high! 7 ween, our Father's love bestowed These whisperings of a brighter Home, To lighten something of the load Which pilgrims bear as here they roam. 1 Oh! whisperings sweet as breath of spring, Ohl mystic spells that wrap me round! THOU GEEAT Unknown! my heart I bring, That doth with gratitude abound. ; And offer it in faith: to- Thee, ' And bless Thee for the music there Whose chords respond in unity With Nature's Voices that I hear. .... Sweet Voice, I thank thee for the train ' Of thought which here I've tfid to trace; Thou'st floated brightly through my brain, : To joy and beauty giving place. Speak on! and let me hear thy tones Ring out! and let me hear theound; It breathes the sweets of Hearts and Homes, And Memory's Spells jtilings around. Hannah T. King. Salt Xake City, A pillfl886.: i. theMormonathan their predeeessors,-fro- servants of the living God are ascending from the prison walls to the thrope of God. The was the Constitution: that given by in3pira Ftion of His Almighty power, guarantees to all of her subjects the right to worship Him according to the dictates of their owri consciences. This is not all;, there are thousands of women y petitioning to the Chief Executive of the nation, to redres3 them of the wrongs in flicted upon them by that infamous bill known as the Jtidmunds juaw; but tnanic uoa there are such men as Brown, Teller and others, who have had the moral courage to speak in defence of the oppressed; may they be promoted and their names live in honorable remembrance in the hearts of every true lover of liberty. to-da- ,s STIRRING SENTIMENTS. ' r ,. Editor Woman's Exponent: We congratulate you on the success you met in having an interview with President Cleveland, and hope the result will be favorable. We were pleased to read the Memorial of the Women of Utah; and heartily endorse the Resolutions contained therein! This Memorial is not without effect, which is plainly seen by . the removal of Governor Murray, 3Iarshai Ireland, Judge Powers and others, the last named of these notable officials being-th- e judge that passed sentence upon Snow without one iota of leLorenzo Apostle gal evidence by which he could be convicted of a fine, much less eighteen months imprisonment.; Governor. Murray and Marshal Ireland ordered a posse of soldiers to guard President Cannon when he wa3 under arrest. TiuV illegal act is before the eyes of all na-- . tions. - Where are those notables They are removed and we are glad of it, even if they replace them by those who are more : to-da- y? m the fact that unjust and illegal their proceedings the sooner their career will be ended. y We have just read the death knell of Senator Edmunds. He has killed himself trying to disfranchise the women and pass a bill to confiscate the Church property of the Mor man. The ladies charge Senator Edmunds with aspiring to the Prcsidental chair; if this is true, he certainly has no conception of the influence of women even without the ballot: they are a power in the land, and the name of benator Edmunds will become a hiss and a by word among all nations. It is already being said that he descended from" the Nimrods of Massachusetts that framed laws to burn poor old helpless women that had nofriendsr Quakers were burned for their religion. We would like to see the speech of Patrick Henry published in the Exponent to awaken; an interest in the youth, that they may more fully realize the cost of liberty, and impression them the spirit of patriotism. In solving all great problems pertaining to the progress and elevation of nations it requires a mighty struggle, and calls for valiant hearted men who are not afraid to die. Would such cruel ties and crnevous wrongs be perpetrated in England, "as deputy marshals breaking into people's houses, pulling the bed clothes off respectable women in the night? No, the Elders ' have been protected from such outrages. Does the blood of the martyred Saints cry from that land, "How long, O Lord, holy and true and righteous God, dost; thou not judge and avenge our blood upon them that dwell upon the earth?" How is it, in this boasted land of liberty? the dear old flag is stained with the blood of martyrs? The escutcheon of )nr once free and happy country is desecrated. "Hear, O ye heavens, give ear'O earth, let angels bear record of the pleading, prayers A spell seems weaved around mine ear; -That bids my heart and soul rejoice As if some happiness were near? Strange Being hoslile-to the ' more Why is it, when I hear that voice, " LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 115,, 1880. - ' " W. EAST. WOMAN'S RIGHT TO THE BALLOT. It is only a question of time when the right of woman to vote will be admitted in all civil ized communities, where the franchise is exer cised at all. ArgumenU as to the wisdom of giving to woman such a right may be multiplied without end,-bu- t such objections those ot au be. policy-rcurged with equal force against many elates of men who now hava the' privil ege of voting but that it is just that woman ha3 a right to .be allowed to vote cannot bo . controverted, and I look upon it a3 only a men who question of time when pig-head- ed No. 24. pass haver" the fact that woman is a responsible being, capable cising equal judgment with men in these -o- f-exer mat-- " ters, beaten into their thick noddles. Not that it is certain to produce the good results claimed for it by those, who mosj. ardently advocate it as a panacea for all existing political ends, but as a matter of justice, pure and simple. independent of expedience or probable results. Politics is a species of lottery. . One never knows how measures or plans turn out, and in voting for parties and for measures which are debatable (and what measure is not) it is simply a guess, and there is no percentage-i-n favor of intelligence or purity vvhen the result is purely suppositional. Politic is become so hopelessly dirty a stream one is bound to believe womankind cannotpurify itrrAH things, however, are'r but furtherancesoGod's great-pla- ns, and whether women vote whether are 13 or it certain politics that great pure not, problems are' ever being worked out, and I have no reason to assume that intelligence or even purity are greater factors than ignorance and vice iu their solutiohy especially as the existence of all conditions arc essential to the bringing about of the ever mastering and divine purposes. There i3 no reason why woman should not vote, and there is no assurance that either her privilege to vote or that of man will effect any material alteration in the course of events, guiding and directing which there is an omniscient and alwise intelligence. V Even if there will be happy results from the universal extention of the franchise, which I expect to live Jong enough to see an accomplished fact,' women lose nothing irf the effort required to obtain 'that to which they are so justly entitled.1 ; Nothing worth having is ever "lightly won," and the franchise will be valued, like a good dress, at what it cost. Besides th struggle develops and educates the woman,and it fits her for the trust, admitting it to be such, when the right to vote is accorded. Themost lamentable thing in this connection is to see the petty subterfuges to which men resort,.and the degrading ideas advanced, in the hope of stav ing a movement which grows only the stronger irom ids opposition wim wnicn u lsiorced to contend. Some of the speeches made in Great Britain and recorded in the papers are so eg- gregiously asinine that the more intelligent opponents of woman's suffrage should have hid themselves in shame to think that their co- laborers could be so superlatively silly.. No. sort of argument could speak such volumes in favor of the right of women to vote, a3 do some of the idiotic effusions which are intended to oppose it. "The British public moves slowly, but it i3 reasonably sure. It will be a little. difficult to educate it up to the point of womam's suffrage, but it can be educated and will grant the right freely when the enlightening process has done its work. A number of energetic women keep plodding away with a . dogged persistency which gives the lie to the oft quoted passage, " Woman, thy name h frailty," as effectually as. it does to a sister utterance v which declares that "caprice" and "woman" are interchangeable terms, and their persevereance is being rewarded by the c.nver-sio- a of able men to their views who are also laboring in the same direction. It 13 strange, but true, that the'lrish are doing a great deal ;for woman's suffrage in Great Britain, but doing it unwittingly. The Home Rule meal is leavening the whole lump of . : or-not- y " . y .. 