155 EHXi N WOMAN'S-EXFO- " GRANDMOTHER'S GARDEN. I've been back to grandmother's garden,' Where the d earmold flowers grow, That she planted there and tended, In the summers long ago flowers The sweet, That used to delight her so. - There are lilacs by gate and doorway, ' And lilies, all-i- n a row, blossoms we fancied trumpets. For fair)' bands to blow; , And southern-woospicily fragrant," By the doorstone, worn and low. " . 1 d, 7 " Pinks that are rich with odors Of. .clove and myrrh are there; And I seem, when I smell their fragrance. To be in tht house of prayer In grandmother's pew, on Sunday,, . . Close by the pulpit stair. with-whic- can see her there with her hymn-booOpen at "Wells" or "Mear." With a bunch of her garden "posies" Between the leaves, and hear The voice, that has sung in heaven . For many and many a year. k Grandmother gave her flowers To crown the maiden's head When she stood at the marriage altar, , And a wife's "I will" was said. And they came to her for blossoms To shut in tJie hands of the dead. .... ', . had-arnes- 't remembe r thelslTmrner morr.in g When grandmother heard the call, : Of the angel of death, whose summons Will some day come to us all; The June's first roses were blowing Down garden wall. e "How sweet they are," she whispered, "What dear things God has made: ..... 7 I am going to dwell in His country, Where the roses never fade." Then she folded her hands on her bosom, And it seemed as if she prayed. She looked so peaceful and happy, With her hands clasped on her breast, Holding the flowers we brought her, That we fancied her taking a rest; JTw&s the rest that's forever and ever. Of all the sweetest and best. . - " Over her. grave in the churchyard Her dear old flowers blow; But I think of her out in the garden Of God, where His lilies grow;. And I fancy she tends His flowers As she' used to here below, r EBEK E. REXFO..RD. x OUR CHILDREN. It is' a great boon . to the rising generatitn, that the old custom of "telling ghost.stories" aud "witch stories," is pretty much abandoned. And it is to be greatly hoped that it. may never be revived. Pleasant and true 6tories .are the best for the little ones to becomo interested in. Those things which awaken and lay claim to their earliest thoughts and imagina? tions are sure to continue with them though all their lives; and, without doubt, have some effect even upon the after life, inasmuch as words and actions are . influenced by impressions' made on the human mind. In co'nrieetion with this subject, it may be observed how very important it is that little ones should be early taught to pray. Children who, as Boon as they can talk, are' taught to call upon their Heavenly Father for favors hich they can understand no one else is able "to grant, to thank Hira for their lives,t for health and strength; to look to Him as 'one interested in all their little affair3 and whatever concerns them, as much or even more than the "papa" whom they believe in as the an among men; children thus taught rare- - " tly -- . v by-th- - -- old-fishion- I ever forget ot turn aside from''Vn'eircafly-instructionsThey have a, sure hope, to cling to through; all their lives, which, will buoy them up under thejnojL a hope, a faith that is worth more than every- thing else withou t it. . .. If correct ideas of tlio Eternal Father and His attributes are- plauted: and fostered in the infant mind, all after instructions of a worthy nature will be more readily received. The child who has been brought to a realization of ; the great mercies to all that i ves, mani Tested by tho Creator of the earth aud its creatures will be quick-t- o comprehend why heshouldv be kind, gentle and forebearing in his treat ment of all things he. is associated. Here it may be appropriate to refer to the subject of kindness to dumb creatures as a principle which should be early aud deeply impressed "upon the minds of the young; From a lengthy and highly interesting letter upon this subject by the same lady resident of the Isle of Wight lately2 qiipted in these columns, the following storv is taken; which, though not a pleasant one,.is true, striking and ' instructive. The ladv writes: "1 will mention another instance which happened, here. Two men, (so called,) deprived a frog of its two frout legs, and then amused themselves watching the strugggles of their helpless victim in the dust, on its hind leirs onlv. Mean- wbne, a poor lady besought anrL remonstrated with them .on the unhappy "creature's behalf, but all to no purpose, subjecting herself to insult in vain. A fortnight after, one of these wretches was drawn into some machinery, escaping in-- , deed with his life, let us hope to repent, but, With the loss or both his arms! This story proclaims its own moral; and it would be well if those who show themselves deaf to all appeal to feeling, who seem, indued, to have no feeling to appeal to, would accept the possible consequences to themselves, -- xememberinsr that there is such a word as Jrif retribution." The thought occurs that if those, men, .. .; that r '... ' .. was only because she had . lent her punch- bowl to a neighbor, who Was having a card reception on each, of her first reception '.(lays." is .Bythia it. will . bo seen . ir not in tlie truly rural notmng - neigiiooriy sense. The punch at the teas given from 3 to C. that-Washiu- . gtou - ; ' Thursdays, in February by Representative. Scott's daughter, Mrs. To wnsend, was made of Apollinaris water, champagne, and arrack. Mrs. Townsend also had tea, coffee, and bou- - crirl of iliflJA rflnflntmiiC? t li rk 1 o f r Kaitw pitcher, and this bevpiping hot in a cut-glas- s 11 An favor of all on chilly erage seemed to, find ' ; ; afternoons. Secretary Whitney is the first member of the Cabinet for a number of years who has had champagne at a reception. He furnished it in liberal quantities at his New Year reception, and did the same at the evening receptions he and his wjfe gave Thursdays in February. No Other member of the present Administration has had wine at his large receptions, though claret punch is usually provided at tfje Wednesday afternoon receptions, at Cabinet. houses. Secretary and Mrs.' Endicott common IV have no other drink than tea when they receive by day or evening. -- - MISCELLANEOUS. Many a smalb man never ceases talking about small, sacrifices he makes; but ,he is a can sacrifice everything and great-man-w- ho say nothing. 7 , Let any man in middle life look over the list of those he has known and ask himself whether those have always succeeded best, whose minds were most intent upon success. It is better that joy should be spread over the whole of the day in the form of strength than that it should be concentrated into ecstasies full, of danger and followed by reaction. The Vermont people have built a. forty. five degree toboggan chute and named it after Senator "Edmunds. Now let the Illinois people i (so called,) "who are now depriving many of horizontaLoneranH-iiam- e our innocent little- - ones - of their fathers, at JjuikLa - it after ' leas', for the time being,, and many blame less wives of their husbands, would take such One of the chief benefits of conversation is lessons as the above to heart they might re:. that each can learn that which his companion pent of their evil deeds in time to escape some knows and he does not; but this benefit can come only to the modest and receptive mind. oi tho terrible calamities awaiting them. Most of the argument held by persons of opposite views is quite futile for the want of tliis mental condition. The object is not to find ' DRINKS AT THE CAPITAL. out the truth. about the mooted subject, but to shine and to conquer. Neither party becomes THE POPULAR BEVERAGES, INTOXICATING AND wiser, neither is convinced. The triumph of OTHERWISE, AT WASHINGTON IlECE I TIONS. one and the humiliation of the other are alike " fruitless, and moxe or less unpleasant feelizsg i3 Some ladies in Washington who hiivR large left behind. A thorough defeat taken in the each of one and afternoon week, receptions right spirit is more really valuable to the truth-seekwho have been in the habit of having punch than twenty victories, that only feed always for their guests, have lately substituted vanity. t lemonade, and have found that their visitors seem" to enjoy the change. One of "these "Lazy people it is said, die young.; Those who are active in body and braiu, as a rule hostesses says she is beginning td'think it un- live to old age. , Brain exercise and a: good wise, to offer punch to young ladies' and genme arm tlemen. "One lady says she puts three bottles oeai. or it, invigorates trie uotiy. . , t. i u of one uv of tue oiacKsraitn deveioDS rauscie of claret, one its stai-i whisky, champagne, and half a bottle of ruru into the punch she wart strokes, the brain .increases in size and makes for her 7rcception each wek. That vigor by judicioiis use. Tt is the reservoir of energy to the rest of the body, and a3 it gains surely would seem' an injudicious concoction in power, greater vitality and a stronger hold to offer to young people. UI hear," lately t, mi jug are me result, a lady in conversation on the above lormuitv. inertness ana or Mrs.has inactivity "that irregular, fitful exercise of the given up altogetlier having puncbr at her receptions. iNow, ners brain; are on the tther hand forerunners of Avoid used to be the strongest punch and furnished T mental and physical degeneration; ' then.: Give both and mind of in the largest quantities on reception days stagnation lody i3 do. wake to of in Rust the so it in plenty gathers now," Washington." "Yes,and any and idleness. answered a young gentleman. "I suppose the Keep all the faculties bright it polished by constant use, that life may be report that she had ceased to have originated from the fact that she had no punch at her rehappy and healthy, and old age a crown of glory. ceptions the first two weeks of the season, but Col.-Morriso- - . er 1 . 1 1 1 1 1 1 is ? oK-serv- ed Mib-l'ec- - ' T n. 