.r. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - 127 again the dearjones moving about loving words aid ; tearful v prayer df m cniianood s home, ministermcr to our every vuu net ucai t en uc. vwti-mother, r '. .. .. And in a smaller sphere than "this in the want. But; the sacred object that - memory Even the most hardened sinner has onopure qujet home, where is no overwhelming tragedy dwells on is the sainted mother, that did so spot left in his heart that wherein his mother's of crime, no much to make her children happy and caused aberrations to condesmemory is enshrined; and , the cyme,-whhow their little hearts to beat a3 contentedly as if done, priceless the service rendered by pises all Xromen alike, excepts her from the ..the mother to Her people! If some calaraitv their simple presents came through the : wealth " .':general Censure. No influence so. strong and of loss or death trouble? the family, she is the of a million. v w lasting as that which the mother has over one to console the rest; and, whife leaving the O, how' vividly do I remember my own ihef Children; no shame so great as that which heaviest "for finds to means herself, darling motherland the last Christmas she wa portion fo brin,up6n.them when, jhe " fails r in her lighten the burden, of --eaiih.ini turn.Jficki with us in the dear old home! I eazo aam own lifHnd covers her name and theirawilh ness is about who but she is head nurse, even into hef.great dark eyes, beaming with loving restless To these feminrne'sdi!swho disgraced she herself-iif more care tenderness; in fancy 1 watch her slenderfpale weak, and needing cry out for more power, more authoritymorc than rightly capable of giving it? and to her is Hands crimp the dainty ruffles so spotless and expansion jn society, we would say, f'Yourlkve white, even as her own; pure soul, that was so owing more than halt the honor oi the reall, you who are' metiers I the largest share soon smila is on her to take its .nieht. . ..Little did 1 dream covery. If happiness hand, with children to guide, to educate, and to seems to lend a ray to thc.sunsbine,to, that when the early blossoms came in the spring mol(." For strange as it may seem, there are add some notesbrighter . of 'sweeter harmony to the that she, who was the life and light. of the certain even of these mothers who have to be melodies afloat. feel that without the home, would be quietly resting in the cold and They all reminded, of their privileges and their duties. mother nothing would be so beautiful, nothing silent" grave. Yet, we feel her gentle spirit Among 'the new race of women that has so happy or. d did watch over her loved ones, and still smiles as it is now. It is .sprung erj of Jate years are some to whom this she who seems to she from above, when we are treading the humble give the point, the salt; and gracious word brings no sense of who is the "IhVVircle. fraud rather centrOf Motherless, path she trod; but such is llfet and mothers so who look on its duties as rethe young girl's love; loses something of its well beloved are ever passing away, thus leav' straints, and its' privileges as not .wojrth the blessedness; hearts-neaand Fame sounds but a tremulous with despair.' Yet, crushed ing in' volved trouble their mainten- -personal"'rr ' ' ' Mn. blast;thrpugh'her8iver;;trmpet:.'ereIi9.-iio through the helpof a kind7lovingFather7we . ". . jance. v motHer.to. take prifle in the success Qher struggle on, still li oping to climb' the dizzy like women these,. there BOn. But, if there: are heights in safety, no matter how rbugh the way The Horn which her presence once rendered are others" the elemental quality of whose , may be. ; characteris motherhood that is sympathy, blessed, her losshas now left, desolate. forever; Since we have become mothers, we will own and families, to. which sbe has, the central tie the pleasure it gives us to be. able to help good unselfishness, the power, of protection, the that, kept theni together, fall asunder when . Santa to fill the; little stockings hung up for . spirit of wholesome counsel. Just as some women are bound to- be mere dolls, toy3 and she has; gone. Those who have never known a his particular use, and how proud we are when and" mother feel for all their, lives that they have we must borrow grandma's Stocking because society; pretty puppets playthings of men m gala dresses, hung about with jewels and lost a; good which nothing can make up to there" is none other that will hold enough for seated on velvet cushions; creatures for show them. However desolate the motherless childthe la3t new baby. Even as we rejoice ovei nd ornament, not for use nor yet for work; hood may be, the after maturity also suffers; this, we mourn over the empty space where into be is have there and and creatures that one hung on the former Christmas', but is now always the sense of having had pimpered less as as aud lost are the infants that than of more than like its dear little owner, laid away to rest. others, helpless dulged having to which they give birth, but of which" they others. The thousand petty sorrows and perseBut blessed assurance, we know that the spirits in ail mothers the cutions the animal world, of cbildhb6d,which a mother's presence of our babes are in God's own care, there to alone, of can take ho care so are there women who are would have prevented, tinge the color of the wait till He calls forth the holy dust from the born mothers; women consecrated by nature to after thoughts; and the feeling of desolation lone hillside to unite with the immortal, part forholiest that that wfts born then continues, with more or on the. resurrection morn. As the tears fall place and function, even if tune and history rule theiij lives otherwise. It less intensity, "to the end. A' stepmother, if yhile we think, of the treasures we have laid as a mistake to suppose that the maternal in- she Is perfect of her' kind, does not answer the up in heaven, we make hevv resolutions to strive still harder to make all the dear ones happv ".My own mother nas a nn Bimci is universal on 'ine uue uatiu, or uiut it same purpose. who depend in a great measure on us for their isjleyeIpedonl even me otner. Jitven women wno are momersmav ana the heartiest "she is lite mvown earthly joys. On this day, that is celebrated talce not does be found wholly destitute of it, with not a ray the as ef the the one that gave our IiedeemQr birth, mother," yearnplace of natural feeling for their offspring; and some ing which all the early orphaned have, to have should we not make every exertion to render known the true mother, and to have a distinct who are neither wives' nor mothers in fact are all hearts light, as far as our influence will all the latter in feeling. These ara women remembrance of her personality. ' It is the"6ne! reach, and that is mnch farther than many of who are the chosen friends or both sexes and insatiable desire of children to' knoVjr all about us realize. oi l . all ages. ' To them flock all wHo ha W troubles the dead' mother; and no saint receives more We know that all, old - or young, feel a new and who has not? sure of a patient hearing fervent worship, or comes to be more,of a per- - thrill of delight when they are remembered, if and that sweet sympathy which of itself heals icubcu meal, i.uau sue vvuu uicu iu ucr tuiiua .only by one loving friend and some simple the wounds laid bare to its touch.. If anyone infancy," leaving beKindi, her "a memory of peK token' of remembrance. A few sweet wcrds of is in difficulty, it is the; motherly woman who petual youth an J divine beauty, of . pathetic encouragement are often more to be prized is asked to give her help and seldom asked in interest crystallizej forever by the fact of her than costly presents wrung from selfish hearts ; I is the cruse of oil premature Ios, The dead mother is, in fact, that only give for praise. vain; for , motherliness wherein time and faculty never never run dry, me saint to tne. imagination oi per cnuaren, We must all remember our faithful brethren and no treason would be considered so gross and the more that is given the more that renow lying in prison, because theyi will not igmains behind to give. Passion-tossemen go as that which should endeavor, to show, her as nore the sacred covenants they have made and to her for wise .advice and calming cpunsel; she was faulty, like the rest .of us, and perturn traitors to: the cause of God. We will blessed for women more for in to her the she the than death erring early, go past haps pity plead, and not in vain, that our Heavenly and strength for the fdture; little children would have ben in the longer living. Those Jather will oqmfort and bless them, also their brief. to rememher visits: of hers to the nursery, if their childish grieft their inuocent carry helpless wives and innocent children, from! bered at all, are remembered as the dominant . whose arms they My e been torn. Our hearts sins, "their wants'" and fear8,rfiind perplexities; she gives to. all. what they seek, richly, abuncircumstances 9f the childish life. It would-bwill go out in sympathy to the exile wandering is useless how to and as cruel as useless, say ; on a dantly, and of those who respect her there no foreign shore, and oar soul will swell " one who fears. "and unbrief how with theyw were,1 unsatisfactory ; mighty gratitude to ah All wise Parent '" that our noble Presidency are still preserved. Pure herself, she can pity the backslidings of substantial. While wo remember all these honored ones.our the irail, aad aiq m the upward path the hearts - with an u nsatisfied ing feet of tho weak Living 'apart fromjthe: ongin for jearn the society of our near ancflm mediate friends REFLECTIONS. world of dark temptation, she has the sublime the members of our; owaifamily. -- Families mercy which comes frbm puritv and love com- broken up and the inmates scattered afar, time are this one's mind bined for those who lie on her breast stained I At merry holiday because of circumstances, over which we have and despairiilg: ?Firm in her own life, she can naturally glides back over the past years cf life, no control, but chiefly through the merciless and every holiday seemed to be iived again. accept th6e who are neither; knbwing n'o torraid forced upon an innocent people for serv- as Even such feel the tures df remorse, she canfeei for'tho3e who days are joyous, we same Hghtheartness as of yore, and if we have iDg God the way they beiievywill win them suffer; and she is a mother to the guilty as well salvation and a crown in His kingdom. BuJl known sorrow or bitter experience, how vividas to the sorrowful. Beautiful a3 nature, prois recalled it at tective as bur country both of whichliwa, also ly thistime, and we live it all though Satan howl he cannot frighten the can mother sh is the refuge of ail who want over again, though'" perhaps the years have faithful; it will rather make more strong their U arid made,1 our burdens lighter. determination to. keep , the command of God, and are weary; and only the flippant, thf sjajf softened - : u .v-'- ' ..:.:.:-..,.'- . . wide-strayin- g o . ' I 3 - . -- ' ' ' - i s 1 ...... . ' well-ordere- . " . r " ' ". . ", ,: " -- " : I . , ; ' -- . i : ; d ; -- e T . ..- . . - , 1 a 