6: WOMAN'S EXPONENT. tants of. this oncec blest, and peaceful land, as well as to all the nations ,of the earth, bringing devastation 'and ruin bh' every "side, and." the .most apalling 'distress,.' to all - classes, and we know, that this isjust the beginning We jcahnot take.up.'a paper that does riot tell ustf disasters by land and by sea, and destruction In the, most terrible. forms. The tragedies that are being daily enacted by mobs; "anarchists" and "strikers," etc; 'And the latest horror is the tornado that passed over some of the Western States, from whence we were so cruelly banishad after being treated in the most" brutal manner by fiends in human shape. Even tbafpa'rt which passed over'.' Ohio on the night of the 15th, published in the Dese'ret News of the 17th inst, is enough to curdle the blood in bur. owii veins.' The destruction ofJives and property and the suffering which it has wrought cannot be estimated. "Trees were uprooted by the acre, and hundreds of orchards are completely gone," and even whole, towns re swept .away. Two or three story brick houses, were taken up like feathers and dashed to pieces. "Feathers were torn from chickens. Trees were stripped of theirbark.c, the ground was ploweiup," and thelUerrifk.time. on an expresVtrain threw; every,passengefihto a paroxysm of fear. .Tbesleepers were transformed into dens of .wijdlyexcited men and women." In Seneca County one man declaredlhat the air was filled with balls of fire,' He saw,a strange light. Others corroborate this story and sayjthat the light under the dark cloud looked like that from a. large gas well," I have .barely touched "upon the scenes described in that one telegram.' All these things we understand to be among the judgments that were to come upon the earth in the last days, and which every Latter-da- y Saint, ought to read and profit by, that they may escape the wrath of - the Almighty, and; not be - found among those who know riot God, and do not acknowledge His hand in(all things.,. ' this position, without the same lightnd intellt is: possesgence which He. the Saviorjias . s tretchd in our behalf o nly to disobyHi must we sion. Accordingly,apply our minds to For He said, He that seeketh.me early to obtain action of the same result. the same rule shalf find rae, and1 shall not be forsaken. And " It would be childish to suppose anything else ; yes ; after your testimony come'th ' wrath and Indignaworse than children, for they in their purity. are tion upon the people." . .. In the Revelation and. Prophecy given througlr fitrfor.the kingdom xf;God. "Vr.; ;How could" we, after becoming acquainted with hlra in 1832' concerning the war between the these laws, and knowing the result of the same, Northern and Southern States, which has been "And it. shall fulfilled rn part,we find the following lay them aside and do as Judge Zane told Brother '. ' .".!.. It before the Infi-- . serve come to pass alter many aays slaves snau rise up : Smith he must nite,". We serve the Infinite when we do good to against their, masters,' who shall be marshalled ' ' ' the. finite, for.it'is written, "He who says he loves' and disciplined for war: God and hates his brother, is a liar and the truth' And it shall cometo pass" also, that the rem' ' ''' " " V V . isnbtinhim." nants who are left of the land wiU marhall themr We feel that we 'are serving God in' every good selves, and shall becone, exceeding angry and act we perform, and that His smile is resting upon shall vex the Gentiles with sore vexation. us in, approval; we also feel, when we have an eye And thus, with; the sword, and by bloodshed the inhabitants -- of the earth shall mourn ; and single to His glory, that we have the light arid "v with famine, and plague, audi earthquakes and intelligence of His Holy Spirit to guide all bur efforts. With this faith and assurance how could thunder of heaven, and the; fierce and vivid light-ninwe' give up our religion and ' again accept the earth be made to also the inhabitants feel the wrath and indignation and, chastening vague systems of Christendom, who ignore and d TejecPso mnch lighf'and intelligence? No; never! hand of an-- Almighty God, until the consumption-decreehath mide a full encUofJalLnations thaC death itself would be preferable to such a gloomy -; ; the cry of the Saints,ahd of "the blood of the picture as this. In my opinion Governor West would d"o a work Saints shall cease to come up into the ears of the to'his saticfaction, and also to all others concerned, ' Lord, of Sabiqth,om the earth, to bejavetiged of ' ' '! if hTcould rrecbnciIe'Uiepeopleto .observe and''' their enemies. ' t;; i sermon, on the Mount, given by moved antil the day of the Lord come; for beJesus, the Savior of the world, which,. when kept ; in all sincerity of h'eart,-wilhold it co raeth quicklyr saith the Lord. Amen." produce a : reign of peace on the earth. Let us look at this subject in 0 the light of reason and common sense, and we will not fail to see this is a correct idea. ..' I REFLECTIONS UPON GOV.. WEST'S .. M. E. K. , r VISIT TO THE PENITENTIARY. , Logan,.May 21st; 1886.. Lwh at then have T" and of the Prophet's words after we had been so mercilessly treated ,in ,'th'e State of Missouri not because of polygamy, but , because' wel'difie.re'd I from other sects in' religious principles, and bur " ' petitions to Congress were unheeded. That if this nation did not repress :'thdse wrongs "the time would soon come -- when they would &ave mobbing to their hearts content." .' The Lord commanded that His servants should importune at the feet of the Judges, .the .Governors and the Presidents, which; they .'have done faithfully from that time to the present. "And if the President heed them not," He said, "then will the Lord come out of his hiding place and in his fury vex the nation. And in his hot displeasure, and in his fierce anger, in his time, will cut off those wicked, unfaithful, and unjust stewards, and appoint them their portion among hypocrites, and unbelievers, eyen m, outer darkness, where there is weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. Though, we are now witnessing His fierce judgments no true Saint notwithstanding "they' are suffering under the bitter injustice, that is her ing done tothem by' this nation, could gloat over anothers woes, or wish .for them .to suffer in retaliation; But they pray! for those who despite-full- y use them, and are fighting against their Redeemer, that their eyes may be opened to their true condition, and the frightful debt that is accumulating against them in persecuting an innocent people. For the meek and. have a, sure promise that notwithstanding: the persecutions, which were needfuL to purge out iaiquitles from amon thera, as 00 plan would be untried to overthrow His Kingdom H e would strengthen Zion in the valleys of these mountains and bring' deliverance to His people- - Their wicked.,' snares wil; take only those whom the Lord, has deslzne4jhat tfieyshburdand "everv-thin- g we see and hear 13 calculated to increase our faith, and serves as an assurance that these whom the world hats are the favored of God. '. , . . - . 1 . . the.-finit-e " - . ; - . e of-th- e . ' obey-Christ'- s l ' HvL-W-HITNE- . Y. . - ; . Blessed are the p:ace-raakerthe children" of God.'' t s, for they shall be called ' ' ; . . ... SCENES AND INCI DENTS AT How forcibly these words came to my mind as I : IVLNTERUARTEBS. ' Ves tVvtsi btotheeni teirttaryT read He was so sincere and energetic in his attempt to BY HELENMAR WHITNEY. make peace between the two parties known as Latter-da- y Saints and Gentiles, or in other wo rds " our people and the Federal officials. (Continued.) Goveraor West has given his attention to the I here produce a few extracts from a. letter laws'rof his country, and .perhaps to that, alone . to his sons Horace Is he blind to the weakness of human nature and written by Father Whitney and Orson, then with; the pioneers, which he the frailty of mia when left to himself, without wrote June 14th,. 1 8 i7, and directed ai ibl- - V the aid and inspiratio rof an all wise' Providence, lows: ... who sent His Son with laws to educate ahd pre" to come Camp of Israel ia the West. pare aU who will accepHis message " ' V , . again into His presence ? My S6n3 Houace and 6r30n: r I looked the at j For twenty-fousubject as years have just started a team for the mountains." Since that Governor , West .does. I intended to have sent two: or time I have resolved to accept the message sent three team3 and wagons, but the mill dam go- us" to prep ire a reign of peace, taking the laws of Jesus Christ' for my guidance, which do ing down stream a few ays since, I could not cot in any way conflict with the Constitution and procure bread stuff for more than one wagon, and that h in charge of. J3roj. Archibald Hill Declaration of Independence we all love so dear and Stillman Pond, t They Have for you near years 'since 1 began to ly. "It is now forty-fou- r wo hundred pounds of flaur, and one stnali , apply my mind to this rule of action. The first J. cheese, say: eight or ten pounds, if you. need it,-was like learning" .the alphabet, and placing hou Id you not wan t all .the flour, take as m u ch the letters together to make words: the next, our ' of it;a3 will ,d,Q you, jand let them, .kejep the Savior's law," was like the; study of, mathematics. If you enjoy this study and obtain the spirit of its balance, as they are rather scant of bread stuff. If my team should meet "you tm yourlretnrn author, your mind will become enlarged by it, you, yoti will give Bro3. P.rad and Hill a list of all will develop the germ of the Diety, which all posmy property which yoii may" have left the sess to a greater or less extent; then you find you order: that can solve and understand the designs of our other side of the mountains, nd in care of Father as readily is you can solve the problems' of they may get possession of it, and take the same until I come, and give them all the arithmetic. Each one who knows the rule can instructions you can about; matters appertainsolve and understand the same alike, if in possesing to my ; business, etc., in that country, asj sion of the same spirit of truth Wd intelligence.' they have. gone, expressly to attend to my busi' j The-joand satisfaction this gives every lover ness, aa .also, their own. It is a general time of true principle is 'incalculable, because of its- - 'of health in this place, but there are qnite a.. divinity.- - We feel that our course is upward and number of. Door on our hands, .which makes it bnward, and that this theory, practically developed, .ratherhard, times; but e have;.a .large Jwill bring us agaidaVo the'' presence oOurfiderr wo of grain gro wings bope ,w8j shall quantity 'BroihefVtlieSavfr drfhwbrj J be abje to"4o . writ, I f you keep1 my Father's law's, you shall be haVe been 'hinderVd" in"1startiiigv a company heirs and joint heirs with me." early, as anticipated wlien you left, in conse? 'Ho awwird thoald ve ifeeLtoJg placed in queaca of not being able to procure a sa p . -- ; " ., : -- " - . fr -- . - ' . '1 ; . 1 S , ; -- : " long-sufferin- ' " - : -- JnH - " " " remind-tts-trre-paat' Is out-- ; - " to; w h e nH is arm com-rmand- s? . lUhese4hings-serv- e J olfea r we g : " J a3-w- . ' tte'itembJ;aD( byX?. 