" I- '"! - W V V p '. . fl - I W -- - 4 .... W! 1TJL .. W' A - - "j '' ' " """"" U' U r- - J2j " Y A.l - ... J 1 - r;--;'.-' " V1 14. ADDRESSED - Once more, dearest friend, I sit down to address you, , And, it being your birthday, desire td'bless you; Such, for years I've attempted in writing to you Alas! I'm so distant, 'tis all I can do; Ves, years, many years have rolled steadily on ; Since first I sang to you a natal-da- y song; In them my whole heart. has been bared before thee, And they tell yes. in each I've presented the key! If you have not unlocked and explored them, why then, You've missed it, my friend, for on earth ne'er again Shall I ever unfold in so great a degree The soul which my Father God gave unto me! - And why I made you the receptacle you, dear I should need a bright angel to make it all clear; ' Yes, e'en to myself I myself need a key To clear he grand mystery even to me! But in grand or minute it is ever my way To acknowledge the hand of the Lord, and His sway, For if even the fall of a sparrow's recorded, ;: Those who bear His own image are lovingly hoarded, And what wrnote as trifles. His judgment so wise May behold as a germ, that He cannot despise; He has made each an agent to map out the Jife From out the material so rich and so rife, . By which we're surrounded and giy en A heart and a brain,' that by these we may find Out the good that is for us 'tis something to know What will make for us happiness, make for us woe, And make for us jey and will make for us love; Such knowledge will lift us"all trifles above, And if we as infants repose in His hands, Obeying His laws and His loving commands, He will turn, yes, and overturn all in our favor, And even to bitters will give a sweet savor, And give us a power, an angelic art, That we, as diplomatists," act well the part That makes life a rich and a heavenly boon , That nne will desire to end very soon! i" '. -- - , It's net in me to boast, or desire to seem A something I am not, or ever have been; just want to assure you my Father has given Me knowledge and tact, just to make my own heaven, And should you ask why He has favored me so, Bestowing the happiness, soft'ning the woe? 'Tis by prayer yes, the voice of my soul has been prayer, Entreating His guidance, imploring His care. As "clay in the hands of the potter" so I In the hands of my God have desired to lie! Such is but a synopsis, "a brief sketch indeed Of how I've obtained, where I wished to succeedf- Did love of some beings, I felt, if possessed, Would add to my happiness, make me more blest, I at once set to work, as the spirit dictated, To draw to myself all that seemed to me mated; Yes, mated, which is, that their souls seemed to be United to mine by a sweet unity, Magnetic, and charming, encircling my soul, By casting around me a healthful control; In such way my spirit did magnetise thine. Or was it your spirit that magnetized mine? See! hre is a problem, and who shall resolve it, And a question still greater is, who can dissolve it? 'l is strong as the mountains and firm as the hills, "Tis sparkling and pure as our own mountain rills, Nought of earth intermingles 'tis spirit indeed, And blended with distance, from trammels is freed; -We think, speak and write with the freedom of heaven, Which smiles and sees nothing that need be forgiven; ;"' Tis a compact that's not often found upon earth, It had from the brightest of feelings its birth; It has had a sweet life do you ask when 'twill die? V"hen we in the tomb shall all peacefully lie! And the spirit released shall then joyfully soar To the manions of bliss, that it dwelt in of yor, With our Father and God, and with Jesus, His Son, ' Our own elder brother, ere earth-lif- e begun; I " , On earth, our Redeemer, our Savior arid Friend, There united in brotherhood, never to end! . The redeemed of all nations, there gathered in One, Our.' warfare all ended, our heaven begun! Amid all this bliss this ecstatic bliss-- Will ''.'- - J I o 1SSG. all Nations. r- - T No. 18. moving in : opposite .directions. But, if he attempted it, the result would be no more disastrous in a. physical way, than mdrally for a Latter-daSaint to try to plant himself squarely upon both sides of a question involving honor aud obedience to a law of God and a law of. man directly-oppos- ed to.it; enacteeffpr the sole purpose of its destruction. It is idle to argue the wisdom or righteous policy of sueh a course. When oil and water can. mix, without one or both of thenTlosing their original properties, it will be time enough to talk about a "Mormon" being a even in part; but not before. Good :and evil, heaven and hell, are not synonymous ..terms, neither is it pos'sible to be altogether right and' only alhtle in "the" wrong at the same time. In one sense the chasm between the two is so broad that no bridge can span it; in another, the division lme is ahair sofine that to step over it from the right but one inch, is to oe just one inch in the wrong. What of Daniel the Prophet, when forbidden by a law almost as cruel as the Edmunds law, to pray to the God of his salvation? Could he have "come within the law" and etill have continued to supplicate Jehovah? Could tho Hebrew children have obeyed the tyrannical edict of Nebuchadnezzar and bowed themselves r down before the golden image which he had set up, and still preserved themselves free in tin sight of heaven from ' idolatry? Could our blessed Redeemer, tho Godlike hero of Gethsemane aid Calvary, because of tho ignominious fate before Him and the exceeding sorrow of His refined and sensitive soul in contemplating it could He have receded with honor from His position, recanted what He had spoken by the power of the Holy Ghost, and, to save His life,made an agreement with Pilate and the Jews that He would no longer proclaim Himself the Son of God, or teach the .pure principles, despised though they wereby the world, .which He came to preach, practice and lay down His life for? Could the prophets, the reformer, the patriots those who spilt their blood like water rather than relinquish one jot or tittle of their sacred convictions, have given way at the dicta of tyrants and bigots, and still kept their. honor and integrity inviolate? And if they had given way, would we now enjoy the blessings which their valor bequeathed, and would their names have come down to us haloed with a glory which time cannot dim or ' the breath of , calumny extinguish? I have in mind the example of one these heroes, brought face to face with the prospect, not of fine and imprisonment, but. death, for the sake of his religious convictions. Martin Luther at the Diet of Worms! When this brave and resolute soul was aked . to recant what he believed was Bible truth, and sue for pardon at the feet of the pope and the powers ecclesiastical and militant of the Catholic world; standing alone in the midst of his enemies; surrounded by frowning faces and hearts, not knowing that he would bo permitted to issue thence alive,did he yield one inch of the" ground he had taken? Did, he cower or crawl before emperor, priest or noble, and to save his lifo make a bargain with the powers of evil and emissaries of atan! No! Erect before the imperial tribunal, pale of face but undismayed at hearty sustained by the power of God and the rectitude non-"Mor-mo- -- I need not go on perhaps enough has been said, ' And you'll draw the inference when you have read;. The best feelings .thatd well in the heart of a friend Are thde which I now in all faithfulness send, By the aid of my paper, and also my pen, And this day many years may you witness again, Preserve, above all things, the blessing of health To those who possess of wealth; I for May you attain all desire thee, Then happy, contented and blest you will be; Your old and true friend writes the song I now sing, Accept it in love, from yours Hajtnah T. KING. L- n" t NO MIDDLE COURSE The evente of the past several months, taken with many others in the history of the human race, should teach the Latter-da- y Saints, such as have not learned the lesson already, that there is no safe middle course between right and wrong. ' Tho disastrous failures of those who have sought, in the present crisis, to make a bridge of their souk over a chasm too broad to be covered, except by a rupture and dismemberment of principle,should give pause to all who may . contemplate emulating their unsuccessful examples. These failures, much as the causes leading- to them are to be deplored, should occasion no surprise. They serve only to emphasize a truth and newly illustrate a principle as old as time and as immutable as the Rock of Ages. What is there in the Gospel, the great criterion of truth, which teaches a man that he can serve simultaneously two masters; that he can be for God and against Him at the same time; that he can make peace with the evil one and accede to terms.however speciously worded, that will satisfy and call forth the plaudits of his minions, and still remain the friend of God aud an uncompromising foe of unrighteousness?. Strange, indeed, that some calling themselves Latter-da- y Saints God grant that their numbers are few! with the teachings of the past before their eyes, and the Holy Spirit presumably in their hearts, cannot see proposition so plain as the one declaring that all who. are not for the Lord are against Him; tr seeing it,can not convince themselves that God, in saying this, meant exactly what He said.and that anything more orltss comethof evil. The trained equestrian knows that he cannot suc" cessfully ride at the same time two horses -- . - . J.VJ-N- ' y the spirits, all ransomd, not look back to this For a moment look back to the bved ones still here, Remembering the all that on earth it held dear? The love and the friendship that brighten'd its way; And feel it must gather up all that it may, Even all that here nurtured the heart and the brain From that spirit can never be parted again, All such is immortal, all that was so on earth Is transplanted again to a heavenly birth; All, all we enjoy here of heavenly, life We shall surely .transmit where all beauty is rife, And soul linked to soul by congenial ties ".. On this earth, shall meet and unite in the skies; There's a spirit that whispers and tells unto me .j In the realms of the blessed yes, so it will be, The beings" that helped to make earth unto me A palpable paradise, surely shall be . In the same planet-worl- d where my spirit will rest; Unitedly there will ourspirits be blest! ' U - . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, -- FEBRUARY 15, TO A FRIEND OF MY YOUTH. """" ".jJ-- i The Eights of (he. Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of Vol. I . ! . ? ; : blood--thirs- ty , 