tian priests, for daring to have opinions of their Soln "fnmmpmnratinn March." Rkdit:" Orfatr unmolested, and worship the God of their fathers o ' ri chilthe were Such own Own Prof. and worship in their own way the Gpd of appointed way. in His J. J. Daynes; Duet,"Sunset" Mrs. Julia in led the Israel ancient their of fathers who, in by a land of religioua liberty; thrust SilverwpodaMALiss- A. Vincent. V.()e.r R. R. times, dren . Irvine read in a very clear voice and in an Prophet Moses, shook off the 'shackles of Egyp-- ' forth from th c ho mes their industry had. wo n , c 0 m manner a sentiment from the' pen of tian bondage and went forth into the willderness pelled to'cross the frozen Mississippi on the ice. His Such. to command. God wnrshio according in -- in iftel month. -- oLlFebr uary , lea vi ng thei r bloo dy Zion's poetess-laureatEliza R. Snow Smith. of the in were pilgrims footprints on the ice of the river and uparHts frozen ' e$.r- England who, also, I'AST AND I'RKSMNT the 17th centuary of the Christian era; iled from, shores. Starving and naked, stripped of all their When the wicked rule the people mourns the tyranny of the old world and planted thempossessions they, refused either to die, to become' selves on the 'western shores of the Atlantic; discouraged, relinquish their sacred rights, or to . . ......... ' , ,1 1' wnere, wiunncn iHcywcie msuu- :Tj)seT;foM i ri of hands Providence the and glorious, destiny. Leaving their burning mental priate. to our present condition, the emblems of the great government under which we are now city and ravaged fields in the hands of their mersorrow and mourning, in the celebration of this of ciless oppressors with their wives and little one's living: in founding'a nation whose broad winrs ...... auspicious", day the opening day. when ...this clustered'around .them, dying l)y scores as the reprotection overshadow the oppressed, the tramAmerican- Desert, which had slept for many ages sult of the inhuman treatment to which they had pled on and distressed of all nations, and which and generations,; was awakened from its deadly furnishes an asylum, a place of refuge for the been subjected, they drew thein.shattered be role(l in all the beauty, and JovelU out upon the bleak and trackless prairie. A .slumber to 'weary exiles of every land. Such also were the ness of cult ivated nature, produced by the hand pioneers of Utah who, nine and thirty years ago, journe y o f 1,500 miles, over fro ze n : rjvers a nd :. barren plains, a journey marked mile after mjleby emerged from yonder mountain gorge, into this But God was. with'; us? and '.His Blessing's gave the graves, of their "aged parents, their delicate then silent and desert valley,and lifted the ensign efficacy to the labor of our hands.. wives and tender little ones, brought them to the of liberty, the llag of our country, and unfurled The country which banished us is the land of of its glorious folds from the summit of yon lofty Rocky Mountains, and on the Twenty-fourt- h my birth,, and the time has been when I was ; July, i847,Uhirty-nin- e years ago, this day, their peak. proud to call it, my own. Then it was a beacon rolled down yonder slope and encamped OTe results of their labors. wagons we as do.amid' Living of light to nations afar an asylum for the. home " p!ain. tree the from of their the fruit planting, plucking less and the oppressed of all peoples.'' Then its I would have these chi dren remember the the chasms with they safety andjn,ease crossing statesmen were men with souls not greedy forworks-otheir noble fathers and heroic mothers.-- I .ylin 'i l,,i.n4,:L ln bridged, and rejoicing even in the midst of sorrow uui ucvuicu iu me !..!. iniei e.si.s 01 iiumanuy,ana would have them remember the lineage through ,aiu, in the blessings bequeathed by "heaven as the re holding national honor dearer than life. Then ward of their courage and industry, "we can only -- which they have come, and strive before God and its courts its seats of justice and Congress halls conceive to a very limited extent the'greatness of the world to be worthy of that lineage. Descended we're receptacles of trust, honor and confidence. from Israel , who shook off the bondage of their toils and sacrifices sacrifices made willingCivil and religious libertyjvere guaranteed to all, Egyptpreferring the wilderness, with itsJreedony. and bequeathed to coming generations by the ly and labors that were performed patiently from to civilization with its chains; the children,' too year to year, that we,'their children, and posterity sacred and glorious Constitution inspired by the ' in general, might, enjoy the rich blessings which many of them, of the Pilgrims who came across Almighty. l and industry have the mighty deep from the tyranny of the old world their valor, their Such was my country, and then my heart handed down to ue. Utah to day is the garden of and laid the foundation upon this chosen land of 'swelled with pride that I wiis an American citizen. the interior west. Thirty-ninyears ago it was a the great government under which we lie; I But now, alasf I am forced to exclaim, "How are wilderness, a desolation, scorched by the sun, and would have them remember, also, that they are the mighty fallen?' Where are the Washingtons, the sons and daughters' of patriots, whose hearts trodden by the roving red man, whose food conthe Adamses, and the Jeffersons e other day ? with whose and blood the and burn from the roots wild of in sisted tingles spirit ground, dug part Beneath our sheltering Hag, Joseph Smith my befathers their of and that and and hissed rattled crawled that mothers, liberty; genius among loved husband, the choice of my heart and the reptiles even when driven, outcast and exiled for the sake the hot rocks of the plain, and the crickets and n Pmnhri v Hvinir ClnA crown . of mv.lif v..w " v..w nf ihr J 71 ' V U J free is the which mounof of their the noisily-chirpeexercise, that religion, upon bv and aoDointed Insf Him to oven thv grasshoppers rlinpnca. n n tnnnr-pntain sides. Their music was the scream of eagles, guaranteed under the constitution of our country, j inn rtrw 'mm (ruilhr nl" fleeing from the civilization which had refused to the melancholy hdwl of the wolf and the coyote, cruelly assassinated in Cartfjage, '.Illinois,' while still and true that with remained the torrent them, of the voice they distant protect mingling jhe .under the pJighteq. protection of the.governor of twitter of the mountain bird. Then it was the loyal to the principles of liberty.Thirty nine that State. And now his. blood and that of his they ascended heat of the Great American desert; now it blooms years ago, day after brother Hyrum, who was murdered at tho same with orchards, farms and vineyards, is dotted with yonder peak and lifted the ensign of freedom' time, cries for vengeance from the ground. ThV not Mexican a of homes the soil, and only thereby signifying peaceable, upon hamlets, cities, mantle of protection was thrown around the to thrust the which had the hand that cruel their not ( it were and nrosnerous. loyalty 'country ; J assassins, the foul perpetrators of that horrid, I of persecution has fastened upon their throats) a them from its borders, but their determination to deed, and not one move has been made to bring stand by the principles' of truth and liberty', to them to justice, and that crime now rests on a happy people. We, can riot realize, I say, the maintain the palladium of equal rights, the aegis our national escutcheon. greatness of the labors and sacrifices that were of all nations. . But God did not look with indifference on that necessary to cause "this wilderness to bloom, as it of protection to the fore and brethren the can of sisters, Lordj'we now young atrocious deed, and He doesnot forget its perpegarden shadowed your destiny, the destiny of the chil- not conceive of the "ns. and trials through which trators as" far as known, not one of them lias dren of the pioneers; for the same great prophet our fathers and mothers passed in order to esdied a natural death. The horrid wail has been Saints would who predicted that the Latter-da- y tablish in this "chosen land their children's feet, wafted on the breeze of maggots holding carnia which become and driven be westward, and perpetuate those glorious priatiples mighty people vals in their flesh, until, although in horrible fear world. the the midst also of de in and the redeem to are destined Rocky Mountains, happify of what awaited them beyond, they earnestly would come the when time their sons desolate that this clared valley WJhenthe pioneers approached prayed for death. God, the avenger of unrecom- the Colonel and would rescue constitution and mountaineer. old an were met daughters by they pensca.guut, win surely mete out justice in mis and the tto the stars intention their of the ; on flag glorious flag time. Justice Will claim its own. own stripes, learning Bridger, who, the exclaimed its which stars of freedom, symbolizes by settle in the valley .of Great Salt Lake, In these once peaceful, happy vales, where will and the its "I derision.: and and in tones of mingled pity by success, stripes sufferings from every saintly dwelling the songs "&( .'.praise" glory of first that the chilancestors bushel brave for the our of trials and dollars and thannksgiving ascended on the morning and. give a thousand, dren of this people would rescue them from the wheat you raise in that valley." This will serve evening breeze, when the ritrht to worshiD God hands of traitors and tyra nts w h 0 would tramp! e according to the dictates of conscience was un to sTiow, in Ispite" of the envious detractions of bigots who fain would lessen the; them in the mire. Remember, therefore, your jcestrained, when domestic peace and happiness were unmolested, this ever memorable day was destiny, and the great things expected of you. glory of the pioneers, and the honor due to that and this of land of enemies God who so signally preserved Youarenotthe miraculously crowned with, gaiety, innocent mirth, rejoicing liberty; delivered them, the amount of' labor," courage and you are not the foes of freedom; you are not and thanksgiving Fathers and mothers, parents desert this redeem to are sons the and to traitors and children were happy in each others' society. perserverance necessary your country; you land and make it blossom in its present fragrance-- ' daughters of free men and free women, of patriots Now, where are the fathers? Some of them to deand prophets, 'pilgrims and pioneers, and it and beauty. evade the merciless hand of persecution are vol-- u to be volves upon you worthy" of your noble And who were those pioneers, those founders ntary exiles in foreign countries. Many of them I lift standard of and the truth and have are wasting their time and energies in the liberty of Utah, whose children and associates lineage, to world. all the bless and God to for we're of loathsome prisons in our own land a exiles you the honor of addressing? They help you land of boasted freedom and equal rights; conscience' sake, banished from the confines of realize this destiny is my earnest prayer, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Our leaders, whose genial presence was wont civilization, driven forth from a land of Christian the with Tabernacle choir then sung "Might to cheer us, and whose wise counsels, emanation churches by mobs led on and inspired bv Chris 1 . im-pressi- ve -- e T - - 1 1 . 1 1 1 '. . . - , - . - - i ..r,,- .- .. - rem--nan- . ts : . "offdnonsoilrof-a-pcopiei"peeied"iUur""dr1veri-- Aipon-thissile- 7 : nt - . - . 1 -- " of-old- self-denia- e of-th- V ". d ... f ; w, x out-ca- does,-like-t- he st -- " , , small-soule- d dreary-confine- s . ; 