WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' mon" women a home iu New York, to g a,r 4mm nnlvrramv: "A home indeed!" It aL n,v hlood boil: I thought: '"before you In iNew wnK to 115 I'bftncrft vrnir practice. s York Cjtv there are thirty thousand with th ei r multitiuli nous, pimpaaud paramours "All nil honorable men." I embraced the Gospel in the city of New York in 1838, and came, to lxauyoo in in' 1620 and My iorefathers came to "America wprA in tlift war of the Revolution, quite a I, the number a3 commissioned officer-ye- t nf valiant men. could not vote be- was keening the laws of God. I visited my native state and city, New ANNOUNCEMENT. Carrie A; Muuro, Olive Branch, Ohio, Va- por bath. ' v J. Lawrence, Philadelphia, ' " Rug. Pa-- , The first term of' Dr. Ellis R Shipp's annual class in Obstetrics will begin Oct. ist,i836.' Every effort has been made to place this school upon the highest basis,' and its educational facilities in this important De-sigii- or .... K pro-titute- HYGIENIC NOTE3. Hot water applied -- nd iorii,in ion, Hiiii toBuw dv mum and evil that I felt pray to my Heavenly nvttw.-iuwv- . Father to keep me till I got safely back to ray Mountain home. The people of the United - m.inyjvvTomenthe States "Mormons" have if they will do as the former do, not marry, but make mistresses of them. Were we driven from New York to Ohio for polygamy? orvfrom Jackson, Clay, and Caldwell Counties and out of tbeState of Missouri for that alleged offense? No, we were not. It this people are united in IryingTlo: was keep the principles laid down by all the holy Prophfts and Apostles that they were divine. If we are to be" tried till we, are perfect through suffer ingiet it come, I would stay in prison till I was carried out before I would 7w." answer some quotums. -- Deseret News Foiity-Skvener . A Woman . ' bruises will move the pain and "to ' swelling. ' The secret of muscular recuperation is in stopping; when fatigue'begins. Heorshevho is not the fresher in body and mind for the exercise taken has had an overdose of what in proper measure would have been a benefit. The gain in strength is shown and felt in the increasing abil.ty The measure to do more and more without exhaustion of success is not in the greatness of the feat accompl shed, but irTthe ease with which the exercise is indulged in, and in the absence of exhaustion after it. There are occasions' frequent enough in which people in the struggle of life are forced beyond their powers of endurance, and there is no need to carry intor the pursuit of recreation the fatigue which exacting work imposes1. Dr. George R. Shepherd adds his testimony to that of many others by saying, in the Medical Record: "I have used hot water as a gargle for .the past six or eight years, hasarTg been us.d at the. In acute pharyngitis and tonsillitis, if prop-.-rlf the attack, it constitutes one of tiv commencement most effective remedies, being frequently promptly curative. If used later in the disease or in chronic cases, it is always beneficial, thou ;h perhaps not so immediately curative. T be of service it should bj used in considera te quantity (half a pint or pint) at a time, and just as hot as the throat I have seen many cases of acute disease thus will tolerate. aborj'd, arid can commend the method with great confidence. I believe it may be taken as an established fact that in the treatment of inflammations generally, and those of the mucous membranes in particular, moist heat is of service, and in most cases hot water is preferable to de-crpnda- nt. MiisA-mv-husba- ' b-ca- 't ORGANIZATION- - AT SCOFIELD, EMERY CO. Editor Exponent: branch of medicine cannoT be excelled. Liberal reduction in prices will be made to any branch - ' of lie ie f Society sending students. , . Tho-who rle.ire to attend should comm.nnicate at once with Dr E. R Ship? cither verbally or by letter in order to procure books and mike necessary arrangements . For particulars send for circulars. Office No. i3 Main St. Salt Lake City. Telephone 383. e F. Auerbach & Bro. A Fall and 'Jomplete Stock ot " ' MILLINER Y. Spring and Slimmer Goods CALL AND EXAMINE. T " TINNERS, GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS - celebrated LIFT and KOtt, K on sh.ft notice. Orders .f a Itepalrel lh country protapfly responded to. ; 7 As;ent for UU.MSRVS PUMPS. Pu-o- Ad!r'i. B- - HSTAnU-SHE- UXZCITT. 325. SALT OCTOBER, 1868. steam." Oor Rel ie f Society was organized in Dpcprn- ber 1885, Sister Elizabeth Richards President with 6ister Alice Whimpey and Harriet Walton Counselors. Sifter Harriet Eaden, Secretary and Treasurer, Sister Ella Ingles Assistant Secretary. We hold meetings every .wo week?, they are Tprctty well attendetl consideiv irig the ward is in a very 8catterings?uaiion,l Some of the sisters take the Exponent which. . laha great blessing to us. The people here, as a ruleare blessed with health, which is one of the greatest blessings the Lord can bestow on his children It is indeed a trying time, not for one alone but all who are striving to keep the commandments of God; but we need not fear tlje final outcome, if we will only live as becometh saints of God. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, I am ' Your fcister in the Gospel. .. The increased, and apparently increasing, frequency of neuralgic headache among women must needs have a cause. There is one of singular simplicity and quite obvious wfiich has been overlooked, and to which jt is worth while to draw attention. The pain experienced U generally located in one or.more of Jhe branches of the second cervical nerve, very commonly those terminating in the scalp of the occiput. As matter of fact, the nerves of the scalp are irri-- ; tated by the hair being, drawn tightly ba:k and put on the strain, not as a whole, in which case the strain would be spread over a large area of the surface, hut by small bundles of hair which are pulled back and held in place by . Relief is often consciously experienced as a result of removing the hau-pinbut this has only a temporeffect. and The partial injury done is lasting, if not ary The present style of permanent, in its consequences. be the discontinued, as it probably, In hair,should dressing p irt at least, accounts for the extreme prevalence of aTorm of suffering which is both intractable and distressing. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. - . AND JOBBERS OF IMPuRTEPy n f Notions, brocenes bc-nas-, ry HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLAS3 AND QTJEENSWARE, hair-pins- s, , HarrieXWalton. The Lancet., , . ELEGANT CUT GLA?S, TOOLS "AND IMPLE AGRICULTURAL ' MENTS, , CLOTH AND CLOTHING . ; , PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, OBITUARY. Patents were issued to women duringxrtie week ending Aug. 24th, 1886, a3 follows: Carrie J. Everson, Chicagn, III., Concentrat- XEditor Exponent: Iewith I send you an account of the death of Sister y ing Ores. Annie VVoods, at Woodruff, in this county, on. the 15th of Therese R. Fischer, Baltimore, Md., Dress - : -- d Gasoline Stove. Aug. 3 1st, 1886 a follows: Sarah E.TBallr'lirooklyn,-NrAr,,-Conibined Wrk-labtand U.isket Mary J. Cole, Grand Rapid?. Mich., Trunk. Julia 13. French, Boston, Mass., Tank for Toilet;, Laundry, and Refrigerating purpose;. e -- Patents have been gratiUd to women during the week eudii.g Sept. 7, 1885, as follow: Clara M. Kimball, Milwaukee. Wis., for tfe'dufrf. Com.-pillio- n mohth.he was born in England, July ioth, 1837. Her maiden naniewas Chandler. When sixteen years of age she embraced theGospel. She immigrated in 1853, with her 'raotheriwo brothers and r. Aivew Orleans her mother arid youngest brother died of cholera. With her remaining brother ancK$ister she came to Utah. In 1854 she married James T. Wds. Of their eight children, only three reached maturity. She was Secretary and Teacher in the ReTief Society of the 14th Ward, Salt Lake City." In 1875 her husband was called jto Arizona, and she accompanied him thkherV At Brigham City, in sai l Territory, she was President of thV A'oung Ladies Association. At Show Low she wi dent of the Reliif Society, and was a Teacher in the Relief Society at' Woodruff. She sang regul irly in the choirs wh.re she lived, possessing a voice of great richness and purity of tone. Her husband was absent on a mission to finglaad at tbt time of her demise. last Form. Carolines. Pusey, Philadelphia, Pa., Pattern for Garments. Em ma J. Whitman , Oakland , Cal ., Com. and Sleeve Pressing Frame bined Press-boarCatherine A Williamson, St. Louis, Mo. CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. 33r;: W carry "a ihm S ock Vrjr mpcctfuUy, and more complete irgr &ny house in the west. . ELDREDGE. Supt. H. one-si4e- jwl l Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and the latest Will be found LACES, styles m RUCHES. RIBBONS, Aud pioducuons EMBRODERIES, COLLAliS, an'elecaut assortmenf of In-- , Special department for Ladies' Misses' and XXZrJd TertpUjSlrt 112, ".. - . X . 