COURAGE. in practice tho teaching w ,v b'een given on that immediatelv." express a to thera, and there is no Wot the Lord will .1. .... .subject" they on .t i uesiro lor lniormation ivna tuat topic, i..r. be more willing to bless liryni in i hearkening to now, aear filters, can you not supply some this wise counsel instead of eurichiii bv their good material of. this kind for the edification purchases thoso .who are seeking to deprive of tho.e who may "read as they run?" or ana even meni ot liberty. ineir riguts Aunt Em. t There might bo" more" little articles of interest made here that would be pretty souvenirs for strangers to Carry away and in NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. this way leave, a little money and it is the triflea that seem significant in themselves Miss Cleveland has contributed to the Octhat help raako up the total and great sums. tober Chaufauqud.no, paper on fi Woman in tho Among those whohave intereeted us particu larly as men and women of marked intelligence, Home." we really ought to mention a few whom ve have At the opening of Parliament on August 5th, had the pleasure of meeting this kit summer. in the IIojso of Lords, gome thirty or forty One of the most liberal .minded gentlemen was ladies occupied seats in the body of the Honse, Frederick Jt- bie, Governor of the State of while several were also seated in the stranger's Maine, nvv Siiing his second term of office, trallerv usuallv reserved for onlv. aniHrib ho was one of the G. A. R he did-w- .j ;,i aii approve of the rabid speechps made "Ouida '.expresses the belief, in the current by some of the company,and expressed his disapnumber of the North American Review, that proval of the matter to us in plain terms. His women have not sufficient intellectual capacity speech was short, but the spirit of it was.kind-ly- , for tho suffrage. One evidence may be that and there wa3 nothing in it that could have sometimes read novels. Pro "OuidaV they been objectionable to any. " Gov. R)bie spent Journal. an evening at our . home, and jwefuund Jn thei course of conversation, that we had some rnu- The Committee of the Cobden Club have tu'al acquain tances, whom we had ; known : in -- elected Miss Florence Nightingalej: Mrs; Cob "school days, who had sinco made themselves den Sickert (daughter of Richard Cobden, as statesmen. Mr3. G. M. Crawford, of Paris, and Mdle. M. quite distinguished We had very pleasant calls from Mrs. Annie Raffalsvich, members of the club. They are the first ladies whose names have been en Wittenmeyer, a distinguished speaker, and also author of books and elaborate works on ', --. rolled.:.: J. the temperance question, and for many years President of the W. G T. U.,Mrs. "Maggie The "literary gentleman" who wrote to the Monroe, Secretary of the "Woman's Relief Boston Herald that Mrs. Julia Ward Howe Corp" of tho G. A. R., Jennie June, who had been invited to reply to Ouida in the came one day when we were out of town, and North American Rtview and had .declined beleft her regrets, saying, we had many mutual cause Ouida wa3 so . corrupt, was misinformed. friends, and Mrs. Clara Foltz, a distinguished The Editor of the North American pays. 7attorney: .: at law7TlecfuTer and speakerTTfrora "Mrs. Julia Ward Howe never was invited by California also an active worker in the cause the North American Review to write a reply to Ouida." of woman's suffrage, and of woman's advancement in all tho pursuits of life. -; ; Women should be more trusted and, confided -- Prince -- Wittgenstein of Russia, and the Duchesse do Luynes, who came with a letter of in a3 wives, mothers, and sisters. They havo a quick perception of right and wrong, and introduction from a lady in Boston, not menread the present tioning other professional people, as well as without always knowing why, and and future, read character acts, designs those who.do not carry a title. These are a few sees no letter or where man and probabilities, of the many who have called, and with whom sign. What else do we mean by the ad ago r we have conversed upon the principles of "the has a quicker GospeJ, the settling of the country, the estab- - "mother wit," save that woman and readier invention than man? lishing of local government, the persecutions perception of the past and present, the homes of the people, etc., etc, answering numerous irrelative MISCELLANEOUS. questions in the mean time. ; While absen t last winter and spring we had - the opportunity of meeting some very noted Many wonderful things appear ia nature,, to and write to we and pubpromised but nothing more wonderful than man. people, and visits lish items in regard "to. interviews, Sophocles. time had the we have not that t) do. We yet have in mind, and intend yet to write up our A quarrel i$ quickly settled when deserted Green-leaf visit to the great American Poet, John by one party; there is no battle unless there ba Whittier; also to Elizabeth Stuart Phelps two. Seneca. Lucy Stone, Julia Ward Howe, and the people In the education of children love i first to we met and places we saw, tor instance, in lagara U to bo Falls, Mount Vernon, a veritable Mrs. Jellaby be instilled, and out of love obedience educated. S. T. Coleridge. we found in Boston, and so on the New England woods and villageswhich, for failing to When we find that we are not liked, we aselaborate, we, have been somewhat censured; sert that we are not umlentn 1; vhen probably the meeting with old schoolfellows, the places have... excited proceeds irnm our where we learned a. b. abs, a3 well as geography, the dislike we being too fully comprehended. Lady Blesnng-ion- . grammer and arithmetic, the old homestead, "... : the village factory, the hemlock, pine and God preserves us from the destructive-powegolden rod, these and a hundred more a" for material furnish many of words! There are words which can separate things may sketch. hearts sooner than sharp .'.swords; there are In conclusion let me ask of the sisters some words whose sting can remain through a whole 1. Ilow'dl. life! testimonies upon the subject of plural marriage, r individual experience. chapters from their own moral worth, Oar physical Almost every stranger who step3 in to purchase a copy of the paper, asks the question, "Doe3 our social happiness, our political tranquility, all depend on that control of all our appetites it give the views of women on plural marsatisand passions, which the ancients designated by riage?" And if we say "yes," they seem the cardinal virtue of temperance. Burke. fied, buUif "no, there is not anything positive . Fainting heart, look up, take courage, Clouds are melting fast away. And beyond night's glowing portals Breaks the dawn f cloudless day, Let the rays of hope's bright sunshine Penetrate tky weary heart; And with courage strong and mighty, ' In life's contest take thy part, ' ". - . ' Ne.ergive way to idle dreaming, Act with all thy will and might, Tush thy way through inky darkness Toward the blessed realm of light. around is dark a9 midnight, Low hang clouds of dim despair, Dut look upward, fainting traveller, And behold the light is there! All . '' , V .... - Sei.ec ed. DREAMS OF THE NIGHT. -- come, Dreams, sad dreams, why off that far land, my childhood's home, '.' voices and formsof the past, the Bringing I thoughitt'd forgotten, at last, at last? do-yo- I can drive you away with the duties of day, That throng the present of my life's way, But at nightyou reign in ihe realm of. drcams And oh, so real your presence seems! Why do you mock me with hopes that are dead, Alaking more lonely the path I tread? For ever will come that beautiful pain, When I live, e'ea in dreams, the past again; When I feelagain, in that shadowy land, The well known clasp of a dear, dear hand, And walk again 'neath the moon-li- t sky, And whisper sweet hopes of "bye and bye," " - .'""-'v.- : - : - -- . -A- ' . Knowing nought of the blight to fall, Throwing its shadow over all Oh, to destroy life's love and trust Is a deadlier deaththan "dust to dust! Oh, may wc hope that the future holds Something to gather the scattered folds, : To mend the links of the broken chain, And bring back heart to heart ugain. ' , Or e'en to forget but no, ah, no! I would not forget, though the myrtles grow "Where once bloomed roses fresh and fair, With daisies, pansies and lilies rare; . . But I'll take thera all, and a wreath will twine For those who havedrank of the sorroviAvine, To lay at the feet of Him who will knaw " The worth of each heart-dro- p shed below. y And then in the realms where Christ is King, He will form a crown, while the angels sing, And every drop shall a jewel shine. In that crown, when touched by that Hand Divine. Hope. SOME PEOPLE WE HAVE MET. - -- ' , ' M. There has never been a year prooaoiy wnen so many distinguished people have visited Salt Lake City as the present one. The words of the prophets are certainly being fulfilled in this particular as well as in many others. That many should come lip to Zion to see and to learn, and also to purchase articles manufactured in Zion. As yet the people here cannot prjde themselves very much5 upon home manufacture, in this respect the saints are far behind what they ought to be, and what they might have been had more money been expended at home in establishing industries and in vine to the people employment than in send ing away to purchaso articles made elsewhere. In thia matter of home industries the Saints to put have much yet to learn, or at anyj-at1 1 e 1 : ' well-beingAO- ur 