WO M A resemble, they Have in all ages ""budded better than they knew.'' Shall we the prophetic :p(5et is an aeei-,Eay then, that aud the poetical prophet a lesion? '.. No rather let U3 ascribe themJboth to their great that Uod, may Author, Designer auu ,inspircr, , : r be all in all. - As to the question m poetry- - versus practicality, with which this lecture began, a few It is only a seeming words in conclusion. chasm which .divide?, them the difference between cause and effect. The wprld is indebted to poetry for its practical triumphs more than it is generally r aware. Poetry has iinveiled science, applauded enterprise, stimulated research and led to discovery in all age-"- . Tullidge, t: a local poet and historian says: "It was the poets, they who die in garrets, When the wk,o first gave birth to civilization, "race was emerging from the barbaric splendor of .empiredooinding and war,' our poets were the only historians, and they made peoples familiar with each other through the plastic medium of their gorgeous verse.; Homer wrote' the history of Greece and Troy ages before N'b.-EXPO- E N T. N "ilUJl., f.'i presiding.-iSinrrnti- 'so much 87 ters of vital importance to the young girls y light reading, prayerful u ess, acquiring knowlraver. K1 c:)l d oiitrmi,r,.i edge and intelligence, gaining antimony for r e pyii j n g. M i mi tes of. i h pre"themselves; . urged them all to appreciate viuus.:.uonrerence- - we I rcao and .aimmvod the blessings enjoyeL, and at the close of The rL. ;Jier remarks they read, the she - cAutiohed the girls "against 'Pfts-.(;jbackbiting and speaking evil words. HougalL expres-cregret jor th complete,Mr?;. M ess o i tut- reoorts: SMr;lvimbal:.mado;sorapinterstiug inmti h.i i ku ,.,,.;; ,,t,. r in which she paid we might ask ourremarks, would, in the future, :te- that theie renortarf. selves the question, "Who are we, and what own in uu unie,imu genera I 'report nnVht is our destination?" jhe Spoke of our former state be complete. She reported' the work o'f d!e existence, and that wo had kept our first ritake Presidency iVahe.Jast '.quarter, otherwise we. should not have had our. tnev Lnereuia.r jueettiiL - lor -- tin (state, bodies: but we were iiot in a Drocressivo statR. o w, and that theva had 'bSeh- fair) (I :SpokeroL"the-fall,"aiiadde(l tharwhat Eve and iial visited "two associations since the la-hitd been bad done looked upon as a generally conference. After this report, Sister Ilorae addre?:'cd inisfortune, a weakness of hers, but she it the greatest thing she could have le present.,Bhe I'expresved: pleal-iu-d d'one for her "'descendants;, thought "one- of the7 in beinahattcn(La-yun- g iadi' coniqr-enclessons for you ng women"to' learn wasf and in listening to" siich favorable' ni "first grand S)oke of the mission ports., .Said that" the Lord lovesthe diligent her to the Y. L. in cotmectiou with Sister giverr. Tay-worker, aud not those '.who are only lukewarm; of the lor; and that spoko necessity of purity, She thought the young should strive to be dili it was . expected the daughters of Zion would gent an.d gain favor of the Lord. She iv'ad be polished after the similitude of a palace. some of the pro7hecies (f Laiah. firtelliiKr .been in his. li ves . Coun. iuttie:Irringey,. wha:had eii Ami Jwhatzwilirbcrall-th5daiiitt- a . Plutarch Lwroter. ofmiijn delicate health, and not able to attend meetfour hundred" years before Herodotus, the the young to consider these" things and urged conferences or for some time, was the next father of history was born 0. F. W. themselves to bBuaeful'woniehniotljera7 ings qualify speaker. She testified to "tho power of God We' know more of what men were four thou in Ismel, instead of (levoiifig much time in in her, and returned, thanks to Him sand years ago, and gather more of the manners b'lk-s.o.riiamenting-4Jit- ir Sha - claimed that: andhealing to t lie sister s for t heir faith" and prayers ih7 "d'customl oTthe early nations, from llom&'.r the daughters are as precious in the sight of her behalf. Exhorted the girls not to ? Iliad than from any other work extant; nor thoXord as are the sons, and that-'ware re- - give way to. evil influences young and gave some should we forget-thglorious Hebrew Bible ..wa'rded for our . gooddewd aiui- - hoped -- ail and- urged them to illustrations of the same, the very book of poets which has been the would do good and avoid even the appearance the good instructions they were receiving basis of civilization these thousands of years. of evil,.. ; from time to time. Ami if we come down to our poets of more ML?5 Clara Suedaker, President of the 'Mill Dr. E. It. Shipp related a circumstance, modern time3 to learn the value of: their guts -- Creek. Association, testified "of the value of the" eflipacy Of a mother's prayer and . to the race, we have but to take the English these associations: desired to do her utmost to showing also spoke of purity for only the pure in language to discQver that they have more than become acquainted with our religion; Baid ' '' heart would be able to stand. r v half created it. What havejiot Shakespeare, -every thing shkead led her to believe tliat tlus: Mrs. Harper bore testimony to the truth of , Milton, Pope, Byron, SoutheyAVordsvvortlir I is" the true Chiirch, for the I'rayed what 'had beeiu said and hoped we would be Shelly, Moore, Scott and 0ther3 done lor us in blessings of G.dd to be with u;r continually to able'to carry it out in our. daily lives. this respect! The age of poets is the age ot guide U3 in ail our effbrts. : culture. The world is blessed when poets are Dr. Maggie C. Shipp gave some excellent iii' ' said: "I realize ay?i,IliciLards ' born. Let senEmlml into solack of performing a duty makes nTIostTIlul birds do the cietv. as must and noets sinr . y spirit.: we-.- . desire, and lor this reason she had is greater than the young girls can imagine i is there When when summer comes round. and prayed tha they j might bo strengthened responded ta the call to address the meeting. no poetry in the air, human nature is rude and She referred, to her recent visit to Washington, to withstand temptidion. barbaric. aud felt that she and the other sillers were Prest. E. S. Taylor thought there had been Thus, my hearers, is poetry shown to be the blessed in their labor?-- "She met 'so me;, who' excellent said "some had been apt -teaching, cider sister of history, the mother oi language, were anxious to" learn of our" people," but the scholars and they were the ones to whom we ' and the ancestress .or civilization. majority cared nothing about us, and accept; could look as patterns; some had fallen by the and benefactor :' The poet was a boon-dve- r oniy the false reports- ol us, etc way; was it ueeause tney ma not receive the from the bepirininfr. His .seat is amonsr the Miss Sarah Eddington iek to respond to the Holy Ghost when hi'ud.s were laid upon them? call made upon her from; a desire to do her liighest up that mount whose summit peers into jio; it was because that spirit was not cherished," the sources of thniifrht. and liko the moun duty. ."She felt 'a desire to keep every com- - and let thiy be a lesson to us. "Spoke of tain neaks at sunrise: his mind ever caught mandman t of God and . ad var.ee in His king the ,' prayer ;iis; a safeguard and if theyTwerein the first lrlm : dom .for she knew that - there v,m no of thousands your angel will waft couFpany unon the world. His brain has been as the still in His kingdom, etc. . your prayer to your Heavenly Father. illumine torch 'of the is time and it "kindle realize to 'T said: M. A. Mrs. Co.ularn Beware of those who riducule sacred things Almighty the nations; His mind has been the lountain The pleasure of the and watch the whisperinga 6T the spirfc,-ometo be up and doing. whencH hnvft snnino- thmiD'hts that , have world waneth, but the pleasures of heaven are timea it leaves us that we may be tempted. induced millions to think. The ideas he first Let us be brave and not give way to wrong something to live for, and do every duty for.'' advanced have awakened ideas in others, until Mrs. Fannie Thatcher said that there was no impressions.' We must learn to be self reliant; the a running brook, the pface she loved to be better than in an astern- - It has been said tho time will come when we spring running brook a river, and the river an ocean bly of the baints, aud she hoped she would shall have none of the Melchisedec Priestof ideas, inventions and achievements that hood with us only the Aaronic, but may God stand ever true to. her. religion. have flooded and filled the earth with glory Mrs. Ellen CI awson expressed hermit pleased help us to keep faithful. and civilization. were wished it and to be at this meeting, only Counselor Maria! Y. Dougall said I feel to ladies to coin But the end is not yet. There are heights crowded-- : She:urged urge upon the young jto put on the whole to climb which have never been surmoanted; tinue to do right, and remember the Lord con armor, of righteousness, and I want my ex- depths to fathom which still remain unsounded tinually. ample and conduct to be such before my sisters The wheels of work the to not not idle; the are Mrs. urged young progress - .. Aurelia:Bogers . ) . that they may know that I arn in earnest. Sin r oi ummpotence-istspeedinonwaxd; ana xne indulge, in slander and gossip, for we do not and iniquity are rampant and there seems to world, the human race, though far from frain by it, antl someone's reputation h often baftn under current that we know but httfe of. the goal the to lifted .be .oLperfection, wilLyet atiecteu Obedience is a key word- ;- i f -- we had obeyed the ppetic standard and raised to the poet's ideal. After a few remarks by Coun. Hmgall, who.- revelation to President Taylor: our' enemies would have no dominion .with us. Mothers-- talk hore a strong testimony to. the penent oi .jsimtill to your children that the principles of the adjourned 2jun. p-in, tho meeting bywasCoun. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A REPORTS. Colebrook Nellie Gospel may not be strange to them; made other Singing; Prayer ' good and instructive remarks. with Onened smgin'r, STAKE. X L e,JM, ii A., SALT LAKE i jri.4VV.AUW"" . f TA .t E. S. Conference adjourned for three months. x wy II... raver flf, nome. (iT,ro Minutes of the Y. L. M. 1 A. of Salt Lake Re- Singing, "Give us room that we may dwell." Tavlor. Singing, "Our Mountain Home." Renedietion .by Mrs. Hadley. . take, held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly mat- marks by Coun. Nellie uoieorooK upuu M. Y. Wins, Friday, Sept. 171880, Coun. they L1 ai. ) (r l. Horn in. ' . w s ekrythn - schd-amm- al d; - ; - . t ''Tv,;,.' con-sidere- d1 hcrf -- e, self-preservalio- n. , so-calle- ?( ' , d - o . e '.- L of-Go- " d. JIraniil - " ...,-.- . - : , . . - - " " . -- -v." - - . has-becom- the-youn- . 1 . i g Dy-it- . ' : . , - xi--:u- 