11 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. DO YOU EVER THINK OF ME?, When the shades of eve are falling O'er the blue and lonely sea, is calling, When the me? of j)0 you ever think 2 whip-poor-w- ill When the great church bell is swelling : Its music o'er the lea,When of absent friends you're telling, Do you ever think of me? - And, oh! when the white clouds linger In the blue and azure sky, When fond fancy's trembling finger Like a needle, points on high, ' -- There's many a grace and many a gift To Saints on earth are given; . Lord, lead out tongues in purest drift To praise 'the God of heaven; O may we have, from day to day, A greater inclination . To keep in wisdom's narrow way 7 Oh, Thou! who know'st our weaknesses, ' Help us in each endeavor To lead a life of righteousness, And worship Thee forever So may we triumph in thy might, Thy Spirit guide our speeches, Be valiant cause of right, And gain eternal riches. - small block of wood a fragment from the parent tree, broke off by fome relentless power, and cast, like these poor natives' far away progenitors, from off the. parent Ncphite stem, and cast adrift to bear the ocean's moods, and. land at last on these fair, sunny isles, and they, like it, are soaked and sodden sodden with vice and soaked in all the waters of inconstancy and lust; and they, like- - unto it, have now at last been gathered up by an Almighty hand, and He is sending here His workmen, that on them may shed the light of His pure, Holy Spirit, so drying up the dull waters of pollution, and with His tools He will mould apd fashion them at last into one of thosa clean and chosen vessels, which shall be lifted up at that last day, saith the Lord God of . Homespun. in-th- " Maren Mitchell. . MISCELLANEOUS. Riverdale, June 8, 1886. A COMPARISON Does the moon light softly glowing On shrub and flower and tree, Does the sound of waters flowing, Bring to you svveet thoughts of rrie, ... may not be led astray By those who are deceivers, But follow in the narrow way Of firm and true believers. we In walk and conversation. When the silveT stars are gleaming-Througthe blue immensity, .When of other days you're dreaming Do you ever think of me? Do you then with sighs remembr, Hoping in the yet to be How we parted in December, And breathe a prayer for we? That The way to do good is to be good. There must be light, then it ""will shitie. Cannon "v fleming. Only a 'piece of water-soakewoodyes, There is nothing so sweet as a duty, and all that is all, but shall I tell you what" it shows best pleasures of life come in the wake of the to mer A morning, dull, cloudy nerce.winds and fiercer sea; a road, and...smooth; duties done. Jean Ingelow a carnage, drawn slowly on, now near the God weigheth more with how much Jove a to sight of sea man worketh than how much he doeth. He spray-dashe- d shore, no and spray, but always with the rude, hoarse doeth much that lot eth much Th omas a Kern roar of the ocean's voice resounding in our pis. V .L...T ears, lne place,-tn- e bandwicn Isles, which While reason ia puzzling herself about the little mission or easy, happy Saints, has held more missionaries from dear old Utah man any mystery, faith is turning it into her daily other on this big, whole globe, according to its bread, and feeding on it thankfully in her; heart of hearts. . D F. Huntington ' size. That sea no words could ever tell its match If we practise goodness, not for the sake of less glory, no brush could ever paint its glistenits own intrinsic excellence, but for ilie sake, ing, rapid, restless grace. 'How could-th- ey of. gaining some advantage by it. we may be do so, when God it is who speaks to u, weak cunning but we are not good. Cicero. whose finger paints the ever changing bue3 The best name by which we can think of and shades on ocean's broad old face. God is Father. It is a loving, deep, sweet, The storm had been a furious one, and high thenanieof-fath-er is, and lieavy flashed the su rib and as we rode in its nature; full of inborn- sweetness and com fort. Luih err along we all were hushed to that slowsilence that talis alike on all who feel themselves so In eternity it will amount to more to have near to nature's heart beats. How small, how given a cup of cold water, with right motives, infinitely small one weak aud puny arm would be to put between a soul and all eternity in t an humble servant of God than to have been flattered by a whole generation. Dr.. such a sea! Vast are Thy wonders, 0 God! At last, as mortals do, we broke the spell of Camming. silence and began to talk of all we saw afound The warm sunshine and the gon tie zephyr us. The shore was strewn with relics of the melt the glacier which has bid defiance last night's storm. Broken shells and bits of ma'ythe howling tempest; so the voice of kindtj sponge, with chalky looking corals, and all ness will touch the heart whicii no severity J along a very network of green and pale pink could subdue. Herder. sea weeds, and as we" wandered on, now pick-in- p All that is good , generous, wise.right, whatup some pretty toy, or turning over rubbish in search of something rare, my friend ever I deliberately and forever love in others held up to me this rotten piece of wood. He and myself, who or what could by any possibrought it, saying it had traveled many a bility have given it to me but one who first had weary mile on , just such waves as now it to ?ye? This is not logic: this is axiom. beat down upon the shore. ''Tis redwood," Cavlijle said my friend, "and all the way this tiny chip Trust-Hiwhen you cannot trac3 Him. Po has come, from those huge forest trees, that not to try panetrate the cloud which He brings grow on California's hills." And so 1 took it; and as I looked at it, so many curious thoughts over you and to look through it. Rather keep arose unbidden in my mind how long it had your eye fixed 8 teadily on the bow that is on been cut from off the parent trunk, whose theclpud. The mystery is God's; the promise hand had. felled the giant tree, how many is yours. Macduff years its glorious crown of green had shaded some sweet spot of earth. The defeat of the Home Rule bill in EnglaOur talk soon flew to other things, and, nd-is to Irishmen what the defeat of the after that, we turned our horses homeward. woman suffrage bill ia this country is to But in and out of all our chatter, that bit of women. Iu cash caffe the final triumph' is wood and its attendant history was dwelling deferred.1 on my mind. We passed along the road, now The Woman Suffrage Society of Englewood, dotted on each side with the natives white111. will celebrate July 4 as 'Foremothers' washed cottages, while here and there a brown Day.' The Rev. Olympia Brown and M ary grass hut, that stands among its hacuri (civilized) neighbors, with auite an air of low Allen West have been engaged as speakers. apology, as if 'twere well ashamed to look The ladies will send refreshments, and an inthem ia the face. And then I thought of that teresting programme ha3 been prepared. d -- Belle Daltox. January 31st, i836. grass-grow- 1 n 1 w-l- ost A' FEW REFLECTIONS, ' . If grant the Spirit's aid, To wnte Jll make an effort; There is somuch that might be said To edify and comfort To my dear sisters I address The thoughts that may be given; I'm sure the Lord delights to bless His datightcrs here in Zion. God will -- '. sure the Saints of Litter days Are blest beyond all measure. Above the rest of Adam's race, With Gospel's richest treasure. V hat God revealed to Joseph Smith Should claim devout attention, For it embraces all the truth That I can think or mention. I 'm , heart-touchingJiamefJ- " , ' To carefully avoid all strife, . ! life A gentle, kind behavior; br - First, we repent and are baptized, ' So are our sins forgiven, And then the Holy Ghost receive Most precious boon from heaven; God's spirit granted from above Doth strengthen good endeavor; It teaches charity and love,-And peace and virtue ever. ,: It teaches us in mortal , - -And imitate the Savior, . Who's full of wisdom, grace and love, And is our Mediator; He pleads before the throne above Our cause with the Creator. . We've various gifts the very same, That Jesus said should follow Those who believed upon His name, "And in His footsteps follow; A mighty gift to mortal ones, The gift of healing, surely; We cannot set a price upon, It is God's mercy purely. . r . that we should claim The gifts, which He is granting, To humbly call upon His name, And faith should not be wanting, That we might reap the rich reward, The healing of distresses, And not forget to praise the Lord Whom He so richly blesses. It . is His will , A gift there is, to Saints most dear, The gift that is discerning Of spirits, that we may beware, And know of them concerning, . . -- 