WOMAN'S HOW LONG, O LORD? EXPONE N T. 99 writing. It makes me think there are pleasure seekers auumg the mother,, if rVi v.ditV eadiug leature with soma, it rValiV seems there are m my who endeavor to make a I. ; pleasure. leei .tint those who s,ek .?uty much after the pleasures r of this wwrld t EROM ONE WHO not-in;tu- UY M. j. TAXNE3J. is with thee, my.'heag iso;;presscd of Zion, my home in the'w-st- ; -- Jnd flie'voice- of thy mourning is with me jror't!ie tears of His children the Lord will repay, My spirit With the sorrows to-da- y, - j win turn o the mountains, my footsteps once more Shall tread in thy green grassy vales as of yore; And my song shall arise as an anthem of wOe, For thy sons that are chased as the wild mountain roe. . -- murderer,'. ot.'Bror.kjn, u'lu; K-.- Let 1116 tell you how :.i ... . . .. y 1 . T 1 1 r tiu- - 1 msioir-anes.t- tin i:. 'urn iuai or y- aera:iy,(jr a in uii: j;o, h;-riiiurd.-owiMvfipria'gf ' - , o lkorof n &ih jiiuld-- r' junv- occur ene i I ;vais mo . clevmaa' "Why send a.-ermo- to- o I Jjuj : . niakeeiinii. Cii tistuu - - v: and replenish" 7 low mockery, that winch our should. wo r ather carry out neaven intended we endc-avor- ' 111 to- The great excitement which, prevails at the present about the ioniums,- as they generally Lady! Sister, I present you call them, puts me in mind, or the expression, To your Sisters; aud would say. "Little troubles are noisy, but big ones are Here is one to represent you made by dumb.". According If you'll follow in her way. Isaiah, the big ones have not come yet. Isaiah, Now the unpleasant word farewell 49th chanter, lioth verse says: "And I will leed I must speak it for'a time them that oppress .theeLwitii their.. own. Hesh; May love and pea-cforever dwell and they shall nc urunlcen with tneir own And God be with you Sister Mine! blood as with sweet wine; ami all flesh shall -- : Hannah T. King. know that I, the Lord, am thy Savior ar.d thy " bernford House, October 1874. 1, the mighty one of Jacob." Of courseithe Saints believe this applies to them, and they sometimes say, a3 is often remarked, ExroXENT. "It is necessary that offenses come, but woe! MARRIAGE. unto those by whom they come." We learn from the .Bible Who knows but the presen crusade is inthat the first com-- , tended to take away those things from, the jaatidmeet given to our first parents was; "Be dau ghters of Zion, which Isaiah the Prophet fitf ul, and multiply and replenish the .earth." saidshouId be taken away. Of course it is has also been much instruction given natural for us to love the things.of this this dispensation in imvery to this very regard world, but we should not' let ribbons and laces portant subject. ' ' Doctrine and Covenants, 'become stronger fetters than iron chains, caus- Page 197, verse forbiddeth "Whoso 15, says: 1 id 2 us to neg Iect our more important duties marry is not ordained of God." in the marriage relation. f hrmlv T will conclude arth, who are my Venerable trying 'to carrv out this divine "rundmother has toldbymesaying, little incidents many Saints. I it is the Latter-da- y cmaQdmeiU, am which occurred when she first came to the very well acquainted with the people, and she was raising her large family, valleys,-wheaave becn a close observer, and being an assist-b- e happens more than I expect, I !? Primary Association, and a mem-ro- t and if nothing about the marriage question at Young Ladies' Association, I have may say more lime. . opportunity to see the pains taken with some future I Zion's for remain, triumph, chlldrea Ever praviug ,ae of the Latter-daSaints, by both .... v; j. u.u-- i t''.A e ncuu, wonder-nas ever, fulthtS-aDteachers, and indeed it is . M. J. Morrison. , intelligence that is manifested by these F "ous children, in Nov. 0th,180. " reciting, singing anuV -- " Ilf-deeme- 111 t' y d e - AVe-expec- y . for-wa- nl his-wive- s, -- - . For-th- pa-.se- d let the 'truth-bsooken. in Lc--t term;; too plain for- hiisapprehi'iishm. those who are known to be guilty of this mos:, revolting crim,;, be iookel upon as mnrdereri, as they are, and. let their real moral status be distinctly: shown." - Could not the Latter-daSaints consistently enough say, ''Why send oiiiciais to Utah; if this is the condition of nf- mlte?' Are they not planning thsir own de struction in the?e- - murders of unborn infants? Can they. expect that thev will always be pros pered when they are "lovers of pleasure more tnan lovers of God, and neglect to "multiply you Faithful wife and loving mother; As a neighbor good and kind; . ' Nought to vend about another; Of their doings faults to find. ;. - Chrktiaa ; a(r-tl- -- n I've found you e f perate one, and is in creasing- - Let every Cinis-t:araise the note of warning.' Erum every Ever kind arid ever good'; Meek and kind to all around you, An lionor in' the place you stood. you left alone; : ... Business calld your love awav; Yet none heard, or sigh, or groan, Cut filling duties of the day. in aid ,a dUmgail-- J . DEI'ARTL'KE you've staid, Often were -In oi brutal seiuuaiits; t, , emancipate vomua from the enticing, alluring shivery of fashion, to upi'uot fiilsc ideas of life and its, duties, in short to r.'Vuiutionize soelet" The "crim;; is a 'despeqetrated' in ..secrlt.. l5uttliirvjr .FROM OL'li IioLSE7 And my heart would ever choose Of friendship as a timely aid. - leymvouh addressed' - -- l r July, 1835. Sister deari f hate "to lose youFrom my home, where long marriage. the spring of 1851 my husbandiiKirried a second wile in ohedknee to the counsel of those that had a, right to counsel hinLand because he sincerely believed the principle to be; true.r T was willing and even anxious that he should do so for i know he did it to be obedient to the law of God and not from any spirit-oselHshficss, and We lived together, the second wife and myself, for two years; then it pleased God to call her from this world and I 't'Al her los deeplyrI wasglad when mj jius-- : land mirned ;.nuther wile- and although we have parsed through some trials during the twenty'-tWyears we have lived in this order together yet we kii()V it is the will of our be tried in we" Heavenly Father-tha- t ail things' and I am dully convincetl-tha- t it is 4'i Y; tiiu i friii4'-i : de. is ivd vine mi In any of the trying scenes that I 'nave through I never' have said I was sorry we had entered into that order of marriage or jjbeyed that principle for I.' have had testi- monies in my "own experience that have convinced me of its truth. I 'cannot give the event or the evidence, iu writing that have convinced me but .the spirit" of the Lord has enlightened my mind and borne witness to its truiii. My husband has been lead now live both of us, look years aud we, to the time when we will- meet him in the t resurrection." to be reunited with our husband in the celestiel kingdom of God having kept the celestialrlav. - Your 'sister in the Gospel, morrow will .' Whether 'this gigauLic evi! can ever l.; er is exeiingiy doubtful-- Tw eliect .'its CP - aiurt i hand that f ",J .tu'r--.!.,, y 7 tiiou'suffer their'blindness and lust To trample the hearts of Thy Saints in the dust; How. long will the light of Thy smile be withdrawn, Ere the darknesof uight.be dissolved in the daWn. '10 S1STEI: rANNY- - akOWN,- ON II El I fadiwhen How long wilt East Saginaw, . - ' r ..- .n-."-,- . Great Spirit prayers of the martyrs ascend to the skies. .',;, - , And the -- 1 fle haThorderred the hearts of .'the Pharoahs, t day, . nd their hands are., upheld y.TI.iyLcloved ones to stay, And the cries of thy orphans are borne on the gale : And the tears of thy'widows no pity avail. Almighty! how long wilt thou prove The hearts of Thy children, the sonsof-.Thlove; How long shall the tears of Thy daughters arise, r!nV Having read in the Woman's Eyponent a request nf the sisters to furnish .some sub-- ' tan t i al testi niton ies upon the g ubj ec fof I1 ij nil : marriage: I will Jiere say I have had a long and happy- experience Tin that celestial order "of tUink if the mothers of the linked Sfi-co- uld I only ,ee the beautiful ol- -I see, not saying Sehind aboutl';Sunday 'anything ' v ...A. till are we; i att Ld. 'Vl cc:;u':rr would u.vr hear or inch- .aeri'mus n I A ill copy irom J; xi. iveiio m oo.- Vroni; a ;very large4' verbal an.! written correspondence in ihirand :;. tu'us, I am satisfied that v;G have boomer a natro-r-- ' or', . i . reanh tneir -.' Ki0 WS. r- C. II. M.UITINT. . NOTiCS AND NEWS. The New York Bureau of Labor Statistics reports, tlittt 200,000.; women in New York City trades. represent ninety-tw:V The nineteenth annual Washington convention of tee National Woman's Suffrage Association will be held Jan. 25, 2G and 27. at the Kiggs house. -- - o . Head-quarte- rs The House of representatives of Vermont passed the bill granting municipal suffrage to women by a vote of 135 to 82. .. Rhode Island has also'passed a. bill of the same character.. Dr. Newman has permitted the introduction of a novelty in his Washington church, in the shape of a reply from the members of the con- gregatioti to the statements of the preacher. Much good might come, from such a plan in many churches. The Liberal ladies of England recently held a great demonstration at Cheshire, at which time it was decided to form a Womdn's Liberal Association to combat the work of lhe Prim. rose League and to contribute to the return of Mr. Gladstone to power at the next election. The National Woman's Suffrage Association celebrate at Washington, D. C., in" 1888, ine iortiem anniversary 01 me nrsi yvoraan suffrage convention ever held. At this time a World's Woman Suffrage Association will be formed, and advocates of this reform in all countries are invited to participate." A Vermont correspondent informs U3 that women in that State must own taxable property in order to vote for school committee, but need not own two hundred dollars' worth. The payment of a tax, on proporty, however small, qualifies women to vote. Men, on the other . band, can vote upon payment of a poll-tar- . : " 