WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 8 the' residence of MrsJByhee,' May 1 3th, 1886, ble and prayerful, and prayed for wisdom to members present. After guide her. This was one. of the greatest blessthere beimt forty-on- e ' the; usual opening exercises, "thd minutes of ings God could give His children. We should not get careless in our dutie. nor.be negligent, me previuus cuuiereoc8 V"ere rea(1 uu approved. We, next heard the statistical and for if we are the Lord will punish U3 by allowfinancial reports, which showed that the sis ing us to suffer persecution. We must try to ters were doing a "good work financially as prove ourselves worthy of the blessings of God well a3 spiritually and to look over each other's weaknesses. We We listened to an excel lent programme, which gave, the sisters great should try to assist the priesthood in all things credit who took part therein. Ihe first was and look after the poor; we have been blessed "The Young ' Ladies' Instructor' read by the of God for our good works, and we must give Editor, Martha Stimp3on, ; which contained Him thanks for his guidance. It is wisdom to a great many good instructions. One essay study the welfare of each other; we should worthy of mention was- the one written by bear with each other and have charity for all. Mary btinipson upon "Usefulness; next an Desired to be able to keep the commandments Essay by Nellie Child, following which was a of God, and be subject to those placed over us. Prest Russell said, "We have had.the Spirit of-th-e we were next favored with a 6on, entitled, Lord in t)ur.. midst jhad often felt Jessie McDonald; the the Spirit of Grid in our meeting. If we are 'Nearer Home,'-frolast on the programme was a lecture from the faithful and prayerful we will be blessed in sickne33f we all have weaknesses to overcome, Bible, by Eliza W, . Child. The speaker lectured from the second chapter of the Epistle but we should put our trust in the Lord. We of .Tamftfl. stfttino' that w should not think too need great faith and wisdom in raising our fami-lies.- " much about riches and re3Deet rich nersons Exhorted all to try to attend Sunday. and despise the poor, but rather be kind and "School.----.:-- -. ."": 1 merciful to all, and ever strive for a living The officers of the Association .were then r faith, such as Abraham had. presented for approval. Singing. Banedic-tio- n Prest. Russell: ' The Lord is pleased with, us by Coun. Bingham, trhpn wd trv thrift tilth t. anH in fitfpnri nnrmppt.- E liz a VW. Ciiild, Cor. S ec. ings while we are bleat with health and strength thought if we would all try to fill our part in the meetings we would be more able to keep the Spirit of the Lord with us. Was pleased HOUSEHOLD HINTS. to see some of the elder sisters in our midst; asked the Lord to bless all with His Spirit. The wings of turkeys, guess, aind chickeas are good for Coun. Bybed felt thankful to see so many of washing and cleaning windows, a$ they leare no dust or the sisters present, that1 we might rejoice to 4" dirt on the surface of the glass. ' call and down the of the gether blessings - It may not generally be known that if the sauce pan in me iu Bisters in meir uiess vjtou ien nay, jjoru; ; - ux.o : xj cjxix ' The Sewing Machine of thsAgs!.. I21 TJso lix' "CTtali. 5,000 .; iT6r - to -- -- ; " - - : 33 8 Old Constitution Buildlny, SALT LAKE CITY, Main Street, 66 11 ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1868. -- UUUW VAAIULQ IT" 1 "I JVUU11 i . ttUU ners were Diesseaana wouia oe , lit ff which milk is to. be boiled . be MVUlU" fi rst . wUlpreveRthe-mUkffom-burainffT- The moistened with water, it 4 before the soup boils Way To Clarify the scum that has risen to the top during the process of heating should be carefully removed. A little cold water poured in will assist the particles that compose the scum to rise. After the soup his boiled it should be strained; this may berepeted; then if the soup is not as cleaf as you would like to have it, mix one egg and its broken shell with a teacupful of cold water, then to this add about a teacupful of the hot soup, then stir it all into the boiling soup; let it boil up well, then set the kettle upon the back part of the stove, and when it is somewhat cool strain it. the lonely and try to comfort them in the absence of parents and friends; asked God to hlpSfl oil."r that. ther mirrht tnn1r lw ' kuv finlrif " " :v j of the 'Lord. Coun. Bingham was pleased to ba among the sisters again; felt to,acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all thingVasked ' the Lord to bless us'with His Spirit, that we might continue ;u J ijwu nuik no uau(ucguUi the Association, after which Sister olu6"g McDonald bore her testimony' to the ork of God; felt to uphold all- the officers in the Church; and to continue to do good so a3 to obtain an exalta tion m tne Kingdom pi Uod, '; Sister M. , Mi tchel said she had not premeditated anything' to say... The Lord has been kind1 and raercifal to me in giving me a testimony of this work, which I am happy to bear. The Spirit of God will be withdrawn from us if we do not live our religion as we ought and as we have been taught. Thought it very difficult to speak to an audience of Latter-da- y Saints, and we needed the Spirit of the Lord.' Sister Hannah Child bore a true testimony to the work 'of God; felt always to try to do His will, and asked ; to be dictated by His Spirit what to say, both to the old and to the yqung. We should heed the prompting of the Spirit of the Lord: prayed continu ally that she might be able to set a worthy example to those who were, around her. Sister Annie By bee said she had a testimony to bear. Asked the Lord to' grant us the desires of Our hearts, and to hear and answer our prayers. , We should not go ahead of our leaders nor their teachings, but heed their counsels. and strive to obey them. -- - Tta TioI j ..v Vvart. i !: i iim picuatu wiin had been PRIMARY SPEAKER, Nos. 1 and 2, . 25c. per copy MUitU BOOK for Prlmary.IIymn Book, 40c. POEM3, by E. R. Snow, Vol. 1, , . " Vol. 2, containing steel engraving$1.00 . of the author, bound In morocco. 1.25 " CORRESPONDENCE OF PALESTINE TOUR13T3, with Bteel engravings of George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, bound in cloth, $1.25,' in morocco, - 1.50 F. Auerbach & Bro. A Full and 'Jomplete Stock of - MILLINEHY. Spring and- - Summer Goods AND LftOIES tsT. DRESS TRIfiflMlSGS. CALL AND EXAMINE. - - ; .1 luB programme, and felt it rendered by; the Spirit of the LorcU Mav God enable u3 to perform the duties placed upon us. ' Sister. Bingham sail she felt to put her trust in the .Lord, and asked Him to dictate her what to say. Had always desired to live hum. ., TAES NERS, CAS.WATER ODTXID TIM 6c CO, & STEAM FITTERS i ; ; tfitis Q)Mo. BOOKS BY ELIZA R. SHOW. . Cijtflf IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Dry Goods, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, , AGRICULTURAL $w Sal at Prpf p f" RUJlBE YS 'rttfd LlFTandFO RCE ' msirw, WTI3 J1K23, B mi uxj JL8 SALXJAKEJITJXJah.. Sju.Jmt - ' Jl8 TOOLS AND IMPLE- - ments . - v.;": CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. tT We carry a largr and more compM Slock than any bouse In the west. H. S. ELDREDCE, Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found ihe latest stylesand piodoctlons ' - ' J ; in ' 1 LACES, RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, T KIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, . And an elegant assortmenf of DB GOODS:; Special department tor Ladles1 Misses' and In ant's Shoes. 112, 114, 110, 118 Xasi Tempi Strui. 