WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 182 - or through the publication of books on the subject nf the Poor consist of twelve men and no women. Among the poor are women and children, and it would seem only reasonable that women should be on this board also. The City Hospital is the charge of seven trustees, all men, Such is the case now with our public city charities; un-d- Ac mpn : - ' ' Editor Woman's Exponent: er . Thf State' Christians concerning of western the ignorance . ? . . 4 T ft me and the poS. the old country oi .uusignans ferity of llaik" whons :said to have gone witTf his family from the tower of Babel and peopled High Armenia. It was the Armenian King, Abgar, who sent a letter unto Jesus, in. viting Him to come to his land: "I heard sav that the Jews are persecuting and; seeking to Armenian. SKETCHES. The Exponent continues to appear regular ly, and, if I am not mistaken, is read Ironi and translated unto some women and daughters of the Armenian people. Tiro, ianner aud my- - . 1 e-inii are put on some charities are; ;managed,-wom- e of the boards. But even private charities are for example, the governed largely by men. Perkins Institution for the Blind, which includes as inmates men and women; it is governed by twelve trustees, all men. The Boston Provident Association is directed by fifteen managers, all men. The Children's Hospital, where one would' think that the experience of women would be es- pccially valuable, has twelve managers, without one woman among'them. And the Boston Lying- in Hospital has ten trustees, six physicians, and four other officers, all men. Such a state of things lsoniy possiDie wnere, in consequeiiuetu wuxuAii a being excluded from the ballot,it is unconsciousry assumed that she is not fit to be on any board of J government This absurd state of things has come unconsciously, not intentionally; it is a habit not a conviction. Give 'woman the habit her soon placed wherever sne and you will find ' ' i.- - ..r.'.i can uc usciui. one-ha- lf By the exclusion of women from the ballot, of the citizens of the country are excused from taking their part in public duties; they are taught not to think about public affairs, educated tn talf no interest in their country's fortunes. to exercise no open womanly influence in refining public morals and softening public'manners. We practically say to them, "We do not want your And thev oM. w ran Hrk hptter without vou. take us at our word. Then their indifference to public affairs, and to the interests of the nation, make those who associate with them less interested. Whatever powers God has given them are excluded from their noble field of duty. Their; rnncrienres are tauirht to remain torpid; their hearts cold in retrard to creat national questions and public responsibilities." And then, when we have taught them to. be' indifferent, we use this indifference as an argument, and say, "Oh, women do not wish to vote.' When they wish for the Who does wish to ballot, they shall receive it" vote? Not you, not I we vote because it is our their reduty. Shalt men and women escape to meet sponsibilities by saying, "We do not wish them?"Orou say, "if .the ballot could be given should willingly only to intelligent women, we is not knowledge accept woman, suffrage." But power? Vhen you open the same opportunity to knowledge and, t ignorance, will not knowledge get the best of it! "Yes," you reply, "if measured by weight; but not . by number. In voting, the ignorant woman will be equal to the wisest." - So the vote of an ignorant man will balance that of "the greatest statesman. But for by argument, all that, we carry questions force of the facts, by by. persuasion, by the,powerof truth. An ignorant majority is the raw material out of which a wise majority is sooner or later to be manufactured. By adding women voters toumen,,you double, the number of voters, the chances of and thus yoii diminish by one-habribery, and of those political tricks which take time and money to accomplish. You introduce into politics and public work the womanly power which Christian civilization has brought into for ourselves, and as we are arraiu it might ho falrpn ns an insult if we should, send the money Tor our copy, we thought of showing our thankfulness in some other way.- - When he and Bro. Lyman left for Greece, Egypt and Palestine, three weeks ago, he said that the Exponent thould be remembered by Film. He ha3 forwarded to one Qf the sisters a book,, which treats in an able way about this ent ke, " . . lf families, neighborhoods, jsociety, education, literature, art and religion.- - Wherever this womanly element works with the manly element, good comes. Wherever man works by himself apart from woman, he loses a good influence. This question .cannot be suppressed; it is sure to rise above all opposition. the inhabitants thereof. In a loiisr chapter the author says a good many things about Turkish women, so that nothing remains for me to add. Most of what he says is correct; where he exaggerates, to. please fancy, the sisters will easily detect the' mistakes, especially, also, in those places where the wrjter jcomments on principles whiciv he doe3 not thoroughly understand. Known jhi3Bookr now within easy reach of the Exponent, it would be uselesss to write any more about Xhe .women of the Mohammedan faith. The au thor says, speaking of the Armenians, that he had no chance of entering the house of an Armenian. I was more , favored, and have been in several Armenian homes. Their cleanliness and neatness give a very favorable impression to the visitor. When a stranger enters the house, the ladies therein do not have to retire, a3 the Turkish are requested to do. They do not talk much, but watch with open eye3 and ears. The religion and people, of the Latter-da- y Saints are misrepresented also to them, and for this reason an Elder may at times hear some straight questions. When one of these aged mothers sits down on the e divan, takes her old upon her lap, and with the readiness of a scribe, finds points to' argue on or to ask about, and then fixes her eyes full upon the man who professes to bring some great good news,, the. thus interviewed the irony with-whiArmeniau newspapers make fun of western people because they don't know whether Armenians are Christians or not. Ye3, they are Christians, and I can say that great faith in the Lord i3 found among them, faith that has been answered by remarkable healings. The Armenians dissented .from the Catholic Church at the timf of the "Nestorian" and "Monophys" 'quarrels, and since then, have remained a Christian community of their own. As far as I can judge, these old Armenians were a good deal-nearthe truth than their opponents. It was (according to the French writer, Eugene Bore,) in the year 596, that the Patriarch Abraham gathered the ten archbishops of Armenia at Tauris then the capital of the kingdomand there they pronounced an anathema against the fourthSynod of Chaladon and Pope Leon. No wonder that the Catholics never liked the Armenians much, and that in the seventeenth century the printing office of the learned Ar.neriiau Matthew Vanatetzi in Marseille was destroyed, at the instigation of the Jesuits, and that Louis XIV denied protection to the Armenians in France, notwithstanding the famous letter in which the A rchbishop Daniel at Tulfa, near Teheran, pleaded for his countrymen. They were compelled to remove their office and labors to Amsterdam, in Holland. Stupendous were the works of the great and learned Armenian Mek-hit(died 1749) aud his disciples and 'follower toe Mekhitarites; and the study of history, geography, lauguage and litera-- , ture is a continual source of surprise and astonishment. citv-an- t ' - w v l)()th 0f us. where wnUi. " vuiu The Anostle' Thrtmnq can ., live in rpcifv" afterwards Thaddeus, one of the Seventiesjto" convert Armenia, and soon the Apostle Bartholomew followed; but the population remained indifferent to a "Semitic civilization;" only the inhabitants of Edessa, were baptized to "plea-f- the king and gain his favors." The general conversion of the Armenians, took place in the time of the Roman empire Diocle- tian ana ine ii.rmeuiau King junuaie, inrpugli the labors of Gregory Luzavoritch (the Illuminator) the patieiTrsufFerer of thirteen year's 1 . . -- ! " . d - Urnn,1rh " n fr not until after the fearful terrors which the two "Armeniau Saintesses," Rhipsimae and Gayanae, had. to .endure for ..their fidelity to . principle. The following is a short summary taken from a French orientalist: "Diocletian, who lived at the time of King Tiridate, fell, desperately in . love with a Christian girl -Rhipsimae, who lived in Rome with other virgins under the direction of their; superior, named Gayanae. In order to escape the passion of the Emperor, Rhipsimae left- for Armenia with her companions.- - ' There' they lived in the province Ararat at Nagbarshabad, sustain d by the work of one of the girls who understood the manufacture of glass. Diocletian sent all over hi3 empire and tributary lands to find the escaped Rhipsimae. : When the men of Tiridate had found her, the latter wanted her for himself. She refused the heathen king. Gayanae was brought, a rope around her neck, to speak in favor of Tiridate. In the Latin language she exhorted Rhipsimae to persist in her resolution, notwithstanding that the guards maltreated both of them,; The Christian girl had first her strong-minde- d then her eyes plucked out, then tongue cut out, wa3 tied to four post3,. burnt with torches and finally beaten to death with stone3. Gayanae and the others were also put to death under similar sufferings. Soon after this the king took sick, lo3t his reason, and the whole royal family was sunk into deep affliction.' However, bv the manifestations of dreams and great was again visions, Gregory Luzavoritch brought to remembrance. They took him from the dungeon; he healed the king (by means of a plant) and, so it is reported by the Armenian historianAgathange, 19.0,000 were christianized the "same day with the king's family. Tiridate died 314' The Armenian people and their priests, in later trials, proved their faith at sundry times. During the government of the east Roman emperor Arcadius the land' of Armenia was divided, between him and Persia. Khosrow was the last of the Arsacedes. the old royal family of the Armenians, and after his death Armenia was governed by Marzbans, Persian officers.. In 439 lesdedyerd II ascended. the. Persian throne. He endeavored to stop the progress of the Christian faith in Armenia,and to substitute the religion of the Mages. Some of the Armenian satrapies thought it wise to obey the Persian king; but the bulk of, the people and the priests resisted. lesdedyerd, instigated by the Mages, sent a great arniy to enforce the denial cf the Christian faith. The archbishops, under the presidency of Patriarch Joseph, returned a reply full 'of submission to the tyrant, but at the same time declaring that they would sooner perish than abandon their religion. They were at once summoned before unfrequently smile at the king land imprisoned. ' The Armenians -- - - folio-Bibl- begins-to-underst- and ch . er . , ar Ar-meni- - , Armenians nt an ' -- --- 