' The Eights Vol. 15. of the Women option, and the Mights of the Women of (dilations SALT LAKE ::.CITY, UTAH, 'JUNE 15, 188G. BRIGHAM YOUNG. sage, of the new Edmunds bill, through the Senate, I take the liberty of entering my proW ritten by Hannah Cornaby for tht celebration of Brig-hatest Claiming that the right of suffrage is a Young's birthday, held in Syanith Fork, Jnne .. part of a voter's property, its value U iue ist, 8S6. you can as well make a law to'deprive us Successor he, to Joseph Smith, of our homes if the right of franchise can be First in this dispensation, taken away or impaired. Tt is a right we highWhose blood was shed in Carthage jail ly prize, because it is the. right preservative of A stain upon this nation, all other rights. Why is it that we are tobe His mantle fell on Brigham Young, deprived of this right? Because wo have " The chosen one to lead dared to vote for an honest goverunrcnt, and God's people in these latter days, against rapacity and fraud; because we have . His gathered flock to feed. . dared to vote' for our friends for men that The sheep were fed and safely kept, have borne the burden, and hel ped to develop Within the Gospel fold, J aud makethe Territory; men who sought to esFor wolves were ready to devour' tablish a perfect Union,who strove to insure doas well as old. The young mestic tranquility, to promote general wel fa E'en as the Prophet Moses led secure the blessing of justice. And we The ancirnt chosen band, to say those who would deny us this right, the So Brigham, in these latter days, right to vote for men of our choice, to pause Led Israel to this land. and consider before they are plunged into the. For more than thirty years was he gulf of political disgrace, ignominy and ruin. Who ever heard of such disgraceful doings of mouth the Lord; piece Tlje And thus by revelation taught in courts of justice as we hear of in the courts The precepts of His word; .. of Utah. Our judicial courts are a disgrace .... to any nation. Why our judges, and even And, Moses like, when full of years, He left his labors here; deputy marshals, presume to take, or assume "Twas but to labor in God's cause, as much authority as the most despotic king Though in another sphere. that ever wore the ermine, and we are denied the right of trial by .a jury of our peers, buj The memory of the just is blest, have test oaths and packed juries. None are It will not pass away, allowedto sit on a jury that even believe in Though kingdoms crumble into dust the principles of our religion. We ought to And nations should dcay: T Kegf eaTand goo2,THepure and true be. able to look to the judicial tribunal for Forever will endure, ; protection against illegal or- - unconstitutional As firm as the eternal hills, acts; we ought to have independent judges and As lasting and as sure. enlightened juries as citadels of popular Liberty, as well as far private justice. "What we Since earthy founda tions first were laid , s possess is hardly fit to be called our own, ' ' . And men began to be, f we feel secure in its possession, and this Their deeds 6F worth are handed down .' To live in security, this feeling of perfecfcafety canuot history. exist under a wicked or even a weak and ignoEach age we know has added some rant administration of the law. There is no As worthy of a name, .t. happiness, there is no liberty, there is no enAmong their fellow men renowned With never dying fame. joyment of life tinless a man can say, when he rises in the morning, I shall be subject to the But few among the favored throng decision of no unjust judge Webster. Have won a name so great Can we as a community, say that we shall be As he, the Prophet of the Lord, subject to the decision of no unjust judge Whose birth w celebrate. , No, we do not know, when A Seer and Revelator wise, we lay down at night, whether we iwill not be His mission made him so. For Go was withjiiin to instruct dragged from our beds before morning to testify p before an unjust judge against our husbands And guide His people too. (which is unconstitutional) and after being His mantle on John Taylor fell, piyed .with question J hat are iude-cenWho next in order stood; and which ought to cause the blush of He, through each trial had been found shameto mantle the brow'of any gentleman, Most loyal, true arid good. held under bonds for contemp:; Can God bless our aged President, be d6ne with iaipunity? Oh, no! The ' And make hSs heart rejoice, d Lord will deal out justice to those May we receive histeachings long, unwarrantand used who have such despotic Although denied his voice. V able power, and have manifested such unhalAll hail! we say, to Brigham Young, ' lowed and wanton disregard of their oath of The day that gave him birt h office. Let tbem beware! for the wrath of-aShould e'er' be kept and handed down offended Goq will overtake them and cut short 'Mong choicest days "of earth. their days of wickedness, for so far can they Children were his especial care, go and no further; and although it may look Tis good for them to raise dark for an oppressed and outraged people, Their hearts and voices on this day those who; live according to the will of God, In words of love and praise. and are humble before Him, there is a bright fature, and they can see the bright sunshine A FORCIBLE PROTEST. .behind the cloud, and the day of their deliverance-is " nigh. Although our brethren, and My Dear Editor: some of our "sisters, free citizens, have been, Considering it my duty to help maintain the and are imprisoned, immured in prisons, countright of franchise, awarded U3 by our Legis- ing the slow revolving hours of their captivity, lature, aod eing it enda ly the p as jind spending their n'ghts in , prayers .And - m tim-abl- ef ; re-a- nd " ' . un-es- , "- - to-day- ."- to-dayo- r. t, . such-thing- even-hande- . ' 1 .. s No. 2. fj dreams of their wives and children, counting the time when they will again enjoy their society, and the blessings of home, they are happy and contented, for they. know that they haye the love and confidence of their families, the blessing of Almighty God, and the esteem and respect of all .lovers of equal rights and constitutional Liberty. True heroes! who can hold up their heads with the emblems of true nobility, honor, trust and integrity stamped upon their brows, suffering for the'truth, like unto their Master, and woe be unto those that fight against God, for they will havo their portion in the daiy of judgment. Jesus says, 'Iu . ' Ji?nmj;li as thou, for so did they unto roe, and the servant 13 not greater- than h is M a5ter." It is said "Why does not the Lord take care of Hi people, if you are the Lord V people? , Why .. does He not confound your enemies and prevent His servants from going to prison." Just so they said in the days of the Savior: "If Thouart the Son of "God come down from the cross, and we will believe;" and. they spat upon Him and mocked - to-da- y, , , Him, and gave Him vinegar to drink, until He was fain to cry, "Father, if it is possible, let this cup paas." Then why ehould we fear the frowns of men, or why should we murmur? No, we will not complain, but seek for strength to enable us to stand, firm and true to our integrity to God and our religion, and a3 there is no middle course, let us be 'fo.un.dJMi.llLi. right side. As we will bo held accountable to God for the uso we make of the talents the Lord has given u, if we hide them under, a bushel, it is our duty to defend our right and our religion, and not be ashamed to acknowledge mr Father before the world, and . to d every principle of truth revealed to us . for our salvation, and let our walk and con duct be such that we can have tho approbation of our Father in heaven; let us nobly take our part in the great work of the' last (lays. vWe have" the right; to worship God according to our own conviction, and no one has the right to say what we shall incorporate in our creed as" our religion. Although Congress 'may take the responsibility, they do it in opposition to thi spirit and indent of the Constitution- - We ask the members of the House to stop and consider, and we ask all lovers of constitutional liberty, equal rights and free governments to use their influence with the members to vote against the bill now before the House, as it U a bill against nil the law. of a Republican government, and striken at the verv foundation of this Republic, and will be a disgrace to tho American people; it is the essence of despot- - ' ism, and will have a tendency to create discord and 'unsettle- the uuiou, will, eflecTthe nation at large, and it will cause trouble nearer homo , than Utah. .: S. A. FULLMEF.. . Uranevu Lmery Co., March, 18&G. -- de-feu- - .. JOSEPH SMITH AND CELESTIAL tt MARRIAGE. The communication from President Joseph Smith, with the accompanying affidavit of Willhim Clayton, which we publish in thi issue, will be interesting to a large number o our readers. It will tend to clear up in tho minds of those who arc notfamiluir with the jijjai rf tu ianlftit'-n- ? f Mi ) Fr q h;t 