WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12 Hector M.i Scott, James M. Darling, George E. (perzAngielFzNevv "Ellis, H 'S man, Vice President at Lafge, Trustees Salt Lake City.) Testimonials from clergymen and others, Editor. EMMELtSE B. WELLS, are next given, after well known as which follows the argumentr --We lt Lak City, Utah. Terasi Published semiontblyn take it up in lull- - and correct tne raise statements, one copy one yeir, S2.00; on? copy six months, 11.00. Ten but it would perhaps be a waste of time; there-- " copies for tho price of nine. In Advertising rftk: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil fore we will only notice a few glaring errors. A discount liberal 53.00. one 82.30; month, time, per space, the first paragraph of her argument she says: to regular advertisers. "lam herein behalf of women whose lips are Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second from 10 a.m hours Business Office. News Reseret east of sealed by the Priesthood, whose hands are pate ' to f p.m. every day, except Sunday. shackled by their own ballots, of which I can to . Address all business communications ' give proof if necessary ; women who are denied PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the right of petition by the very men who enfranSalt Lake City. Utah. chised them. A notable Instance of the right of June 15, 1886. petition is when 473 women of Utah petitioned Salt Lake CrrY," to the national Congress against the admission of "Utah as a State,. and when the names were re-- J MRS. NEWMAN'S EXTRAVAGANZAS. ported in Utah many of these womeni under the most severe pressure, were obliged to make public We have had the privilege of perusing the retraction, and to declare that their signatures be- pamphlet containing the. "Notes of a Hearing : were fraudulently obtained." -- fore the Committee on Education and Labor, We would very much like to know when this all United States Senate, May 7th, 1886. The hear- happened, if Mrs. Newman, orjiny of jthese trustees, whose names are attached, can give Woman's Exponent. It says, first of all, these particulars definitely; we. should be glad to learn how and when all this occurred, and who direction of the Industrial Christian Home Assoany of these women are who were "obliged to ciation of Utah, to provide means for the self-- , make public retraction ?"" In fact, we would like" Terri-tor.in that classes the ot dependent .support name furnished us. Thisis allnonsense: tnd to aid in the suppression of polygamy itonesingle is impossible to imagine where Mrs. Newman therein." Then follows the Memorial, which sets could have fished up this story. forth the arrangements entered into, in detail, and In the next paragraph Mrs. Newman says she ' doses by saying, "The demand for such an instihas a right to speak Xji behalf of '.'motherhood outtution is found. " raged and compromised children crying for bread;" First.- In the anomalous condition of Utah There are no children in iftah crying for bread, 'IYrritorv under Mormon regime. nor any lack either of food or clothing; there are Second. In the fact that there is not a single no poor houses or orphan asylums deeded for - ocnevoiem lubiuuuuii m 111c uc- iui icmiuiy Mormon" children, but the same cannot be said ; .' pendent classes. ot other Mates and territories. She also says: 'I to expect a Mormon- MOTeovefritts-h0pele- ss am here because in my veins flows the blood. pf legislature to appropriate funds to meet a condithe Pilgrim, Fathers," and so on. How many tion of things which the Mormon leaders declare "Mormons" th ere. are who might say the same uucs uvi CAisi, ui i.u C3i.iun.iii 411 iinutunuii HUlUi thing if that would entitle them to special privileges. shall contribute towards the disintegration of the It is utterly impossible in a newspaper article to '" Mormon Church. , take up the argument entire; one can only touch "Hence national obligation is apparent. some particular points, and show, perhaps, a trifle "The principle is fundamental in a republican or two concerning the manner in which she deals form of government to protect its helpless minori- with the subject, and the unfairness with which psnortnMv"- - sr when ths mfnnritt: ar lif she treats women who have expressed decided ' women and children. sc t views upon plural marriage; women who have 1 I If i is .oaseu "rl 1 01 tne in nequesuon lived in it, and consequently must know more solution ot me proDiem or me disruption or poly-- , about it than she possibly can ; women as pure and ' ;, gamous households. as noble as any the blessed sun ever shone upon fact' that there are many who "It is a women of education, cultivated taste and refine would voluntarily abandon polygamous relations ment. 0 if facilities for self support were provided. The lady goes on to say, "The foundation, the "Furthermore, it is futile to legislate against exis based upon the perpetuity of this government . . isting relations and make no provision for the supjugation ot women. Polygamy, whatever one terrible exigencies which-ari- se inthe execution says to the contrary, is the initiative and the ultiof law. matum. The primal effect of polygamous Jffe is ''Fathers and mothers whose moral n;0ire has to build prison walls about its victims, whose ponsurvived the wreck of polygamous life will at derous never swing outward except to crush least hesitate to impose upon their childrenimme- - the handgates thattampers with the locks This may (liate disaster Dy either voluntary or enforced obebe very pretty and sensational, andnay move the dience to national law. hearts of the Committee andyof "Therefore, it is with confidence in that justice lacks the vital element of truth, andCongress, but it will not stand wly'ch is the apotheosis of mercy.that we your pethe test of reason, common sense, or the facts titioners, in behalf of those who cannot speak for which are and must be evidence as against sensa themselves, except by Jheir: silent appeal to the tional reports pr pathetic She appeals. invalidates nation's Cod, ask of your honorable body the apher own statement, when she says, in another part propriation of $too,ooo to the Industrial Christian of her argument, how easily divorces are obtained Home Association for the construction and equipbut she grossly misrepresents when savs' she ment of such an institution as is herein specified. "There are scores who have been divorced :? from Respectfully submitfed,' one to ten and fourteen times, of which there i, J eanette H. Terry, Prest., , abundant record. Here is another statement : Park City, Utah Territory, r made wh.ch Mrs. Newman should " be prepared to Zane, Vice Prest., 7Maugaret prove. But it is as false as it is cruel. '' Salt Lake City, Utah When th. Territory, lady makes such assertions-a- s these she should Cornelia A. Paddock, Secretary, bring forward the proof, by Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. at least on. C in which there has beenlnu Also signed, George A. Lowe, Ira E. Lyons, Exi Woman enry-WLawr- encei anti-Mormo- " .. n, J ; - . ' : y, - ic . -- ::..:.; .1 ' .. . "'' " sen-suppo- rt 1 . I well-know- n - - , Mrs. Newman says that in tht Mass' Meeting in t h e theatre "the American flag was draped in iro ny above the speakers." H aye not the Latter day Saints as much right to the flag as other citizens? and they certainly honor it quite, as much,- and the iliberty, of jvhkh Js Jhesymbol, is as dear to "them as to MrsrNewman, orany one elseShe" further adds, "I listened, for four hours to a repu. Idiatjron of national sovereignty, a vilification of. the Federal officers, and a vindication of illicit alli ances, wnicn maae me sniver. a ne. report ot that meeting has been greatly toned down, as my own notes and the notes of Dr. Jackson, of Fort Douglas, and others, will amply attest." Then she adds that she will use their own stenegraphic notes, that she may .not be charged with injustice, and goes on to make quotations from Dr. Pratt, Laura Minor and Dr. E. R.ShippV ' However, she nmvac ' nAfhJnfr Kilt tf fPfiMt thf KlnnHr nnrl falsehoods that have been going the rounds of the' country for years- .- Speaking of the number of wives she declares that "in Utah a patriarch has ten, fifteen or twenty." Here is another chance for her to tell who these men are who have this extra number of wives, as we who live here do not know of such families. She also asserts; that one half of this people are in the practice of plural mar riageyahothe formation, according to her argument, is of the most complete and varied character; she knows more than any old settler in the country, but what she affirms exists only in her inflated imagination. Does Mrs. Newman fancy that "Mormons" don't know the deceit, treachery "and infamy that prevails to an alarming extent in the world? Congressmen need not go outside the District of Columbia to find unhappy and unhalr. lowed marriage relations in monogamy, and this woman, no doubt, knows it well. If Congress wants to make an appropriation for women to be educated to earn their own living, the best place . - Jt -- " lbbegTnTsntHeTT such, charitable institutions are not needed, nor will they be patronized by "Mormons." Not at all. After expatiating largely upon a national flag she brought here from Cincinnati, and, By the way, the "Mormons"Trought the first national flag that ever was brought here, andlanted it on the tops of the mountains, and had as much pride in seeing it wave aye, more than Mrs. Newman, with all her boasted patriotism, for to them it did mean liberty and freedom, and she would destroy the freedom,, happiness and peace of the homes created under, its shelter and protection, she brings intbe following sensational paragraph,which . she no doubt thinks will stir the feelings of those sageongressmen to th very centre of their souls. It reads thus: "Gentlemen, I do not make to you needless plea, for night after night L have stood on some table land in that fair valley. 1 have looked upon that silvery lake, asleep in the quiet moonlight, the silent stars keeping their watch in the sky, the shadow of the. granite mountains falling over the city, and stilling the pulses of my own throbbing heart, I have heard a wail, long, deep and terrible coming up from thousands of hushed voices, from lips dumb in their cold agony come sweeping up to the car of the Omnipotent, and in its choral tone. I have heard the refrain of the Kathayan I slave, in the pen at Oung-pen-l'My Father, Send some cannot die so; I cannot die so. blessed evangel to open the gates of thy mercy. Gentlemen, shall we find in0 the 'blessed evan gel' of their long vigils?" There is much more in a similar strain. Now, we will tell you what she nttght. have heard if she did not, instead of the mournful refrain she pictures, tne prayers and hymns from a thousand homes arising in gratitude to God;for His favors and blessings, and. interceding with Him to pro tect them and Jheir tittle ones from those, whoc underAhej guise of jaw, are bringing 5orrow,misery -- . - a: i , 