If I if OUi i H hmm W n i i ) : 1 i 11 1 ftY i i ll H ii F i i i f i 4T The Eights of the Women off Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. .Vol. f(y U V SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1, 188 G. 14. ".", " THE MARRIAGE OF THE FLOWERS. :': r7r :. No. 23. ' - drawing the contrast between the Christian civilization and 7 superiority late in the degrading practices of the "Mormons." If It is six, the swallows twittered, and you're very rising , the conversion :of this alleged misguided peo- If you really think of rising on this lovely morn at all ple, and not, as many believe, their extermina'VVe're the tarllest," said the tuberose to the iris standing hill is and and wood sun red the peeping oyer tion is the eridTdesired, it would seem to be a For great .nearest,: ' ' ' . . meadow, queer way of impressing them with the Jdea "And suppose that now, for instance, I should offer you the in are cows unmilked dimTy the lowing And lighted that that vaunted superiority does not exist . ' jny heart?" stall. V77 entirely iri" the imagination of its professors. "Oh, how sudden,'.' cried the sly thing; "I am really quite . . To misstate: an oppon ent's position and then t it i. t i i i embarrassed fiercely assail him in that position, may show Unexpected, but pray do it, just to give the rest a start." the lattice, .' energy and in some instances earnestness, but Ye are noisy, joyous felloes, and you waken when you Then a daisy kissed a pansy, with its Jacket brown and is certainly anything but fair and chivalrous, it will; vpllnw with all due respect for those mythical "Ameriand Then I saw a dainty letter, bound in ribbon-gras- s to seat crocus a led thistle beside a And a the rose; ' so often asserts, can gentlemen," whose-egotis; clover, the close And the beside maybel.ls t grouped, fails often as to but otherwise. prove, That the swallows had left swinging by the' narrow. And commented on her beauty and the splendor of her o a cull . irom " speaker s remarks only such clothes I ; 7 portions as by isolation and prejudiced comment can be made to appear "treasonable" and 7 Ob, the dainty, dainty letter, on an orange leaf, or lemony """Oh, a market this for beauty siid a jasmine gently ' uuchristianlike, and purposely ignore other ivui i nciiu, iuc yuu ui mil in clinging OlguCU, " characters of dew: To tfie strong arm of an orange, and a glafice. on him mparts that would by association explain, and make clear and innocent the speaker's meaning, there at time "You're invited to the garden, there's a good . shethrew; " 8 anything but upright and honorable, and seven, "Why, you scarcely would believe it, but I've had this very e has been reserved for smacks more of the demagogue' than of the And a place beside the apple-tremorning 7 :7 to declined and them, just promenade Twenty offers, patriot, of lying than loyalty. And yetrthis " with you." is the course almost lnvariably7 pursued by editors and reporters rabid " So.'in groupings or in couples, led each knight some gentle and blossom: to who have so much , say about "Mormon lady, Cross the brook behind the arbor, and come early if you "Mormon and treason", trickery." Led some fair companion blushing, past the .can. fresh and green, Why this reluctance to tell "the truth, the - went bounding, and my heart Oh, my thoughts they-al- l whole truth and nothing but the truth" in And the sweet rose gave her blessing, and a ltiss'at times, " . leaped in my bosom, it may be, professing to report what a "Mormon" Eider hMO mmnrtsM ''Anil hnuf" urtlv ' " " " ' , I "rflrtM a? I Tan. T6 the faLcsi brides, and sweetest, mortal eye hath ever' says to his congregation? Is it because the " There she sat, the queen of roses, with her rirgins all about " seen. ' simplo truth would not serve the purpose which the garbled and distorted "report" is her, Then again the grass it parted, and the sunshine it grew While the lilies and the annle blooms seemed waiting1 intended to subserve? And if so, is it not a brighter, her 'command. confession of cowardice, weakness and dishonur the-ctains ofhtgh heave irwere iriemFd Till "aslf eacn on smile did she how how Oh, lovely, oh, gracious, esty on the part of those responsible for its use? withdrawn, . It looks very much as if the "Mormona" and some blossom and and flower each bud And pressed them took lilies she as she kissed how sweet the Oh, by their religion were feared quite as much as they fair one id its bosom, 7. the hand! are hated; and that there is something about As the bannered tralndaneed gaj'f) -t- wixt them whicITtheir enemies wish to keep hidden, Never had I seen her fairer than she was this happy morn- ' 7 on the lawn. the exposure of which would tend to defeat mgr their. plans and let daylight through their dark 7 Never knew her breath delicious half so boundless, half was so stately and so stately was the Oh, the musk-ros- e and treacherous doing3. 7, so rare; . , queen rose, her the dew with misBut the epidemic of Oh, she seemed a thing of heaven, upon And how sweetly smiled she on me as she whispered in confined is to this not bosom, locality,, representation my ear, 7. ; And I wished I were some daffodil that I might kiss it come to the nor know "Come again, you again, dear, newspaper profession. 7lt rages, you're welcome; there. for it may be everywhere, frothing and foaming from the , be will christened blossoms buds and That our baby pulpit and thundering from the platform. It All at once the grass rows parted, and the sweetest notes " here next year. breaks out in Congress as the prelude to the were sounded, Selected. special passage of every act of There was music, there was odor, there was loving in And these7speciallawg? legislation. why the air, Why are not the restrictions that govern soAnd a hundred joyous gallants, robed in holiday apparel, . WHY IS IT? ciety elsewhere stringent enough for the "MorDanced beneath the lilac bushes with a hundred maid" ens" fair. The people of Utah, in the midst of all their mons?" Why must the Constitution he igderive satisfaction from the nored in enacting laws against us, and then carr troubles, There were tulips proud and yellow, with their great green as things "appear, the position the law itself ignored in the extraordinary that, thought methods adopted by those charged with enforcspears beside them, is" one from Vhich to dislodge taken have they There were lilies grandly bowing to the rose queen as to a confession them their enemiesare forced to employ unfair ing it? Isg it not tantamount the 'Mormons" they came; , power that by the and extraordinary means. There were daffodils so stately, scenting all the air of hea- -. are obeying all laws .that ought to govern sowould naturally suppose, if the "MorOne ven, admission by the courts that this mon" community were made up. of the vile ciety; and an g Joyous buds, and sleepy poppies', with Jheir banners al people cannot be caught and characterless wretches they are reputed peaceable, aflame. measure passed purposely Q entrap them, to be, it would only be necessary to tell, the by a itself be trampled under foot the law exceDt would suffice for " l There were pansies robed in purple, marching o'er the truth about them, and-tha- t that Dy those who have b worn to uphold and exe- apple blossoms, every purpose of even their bitterest foes; -7 And the foxgloves with their pages tripped coquettishly it would not be needful in working for their .cute it? This way of forcing the Mormon quesoverthrow to falsify their religious and politialong; tion into such "undue prominence" i3, to say And the violets and the cal viewsdistort their sayings and put strained daisies, in their bonnets blue and their the least, bad policy on the part of a governand unwarrantable constructions upon yellow, . Joined the marching and acts in order to make them odious in the eyes ment a3 great as this professes to be the parading of th innumerable ' ' spectacle of fifty;five millions of people stirred ; throng, of mankind. to the very depths over a problem involving And yet these things are being done conAll at once the dandelion his notes blew three upon at the most a little handful of, 150,000 souk, is those who boast of fairness, liberaliby stantly t rum net: , and all little less than ludicrous; especially when we chivalry, charity, piety,and-whpatriotism, ty, and Choose ye partners for the hear it asserted by those who assume to kaow o dancing, gallant' knights -- Gospel calendar, - the- - graces-of-t- he " " 1 And the honeysuckle courtesicd to 1he young ' clematis, , " And remarked "upon the sweetness of the blossoms in her hair. sweet-breath- never tire ed o x. " ' of-th-eir - : " . , : ' i- . - m .. lady-slippe- r, ; ; : " -- - . . . anti-"Mormo- n" wind-row- " - s, : ,- , i " W r- : ' . '7 .. new-come- r! - , . anti-"Mormo- n" - anti-"Mormo- n" " . law-makin- law-abidin- i: A : " - - . - . t x . ladies fair; T 