WOMAN'S EXPONENT. f26 - was doDi;f ".part in helping - - taking-:respoQibiliti- ; " V ; ; e - .! . 3I0THERS ? .. ' v? J' J sTiA fin " Triiir'h . . , ! with pleasure more 'attempt to write, to your valuable fSper, that you may know that the Saints in this land are yet alive and striving, to serve God. Our, quarterly conference is just over, and we havejiad a truly enjoyable time together, arid received words of counsel and encouragement of priceless worth to every Latter-daSaint- - We were pleased to see our brethren from Salt Lake, and also some of the young luisfcioharies-w- hb were on their rettira home from the Southern States, but came this way to see the country and attend conference. When I look upon the bright, intelligent, honest faces of those young Utah boysas we see them from time to time returning from their missions, L often think that such boys can nowhere else be found. They are full of life, youth and vigor, and yet they are devoted to. their religion arid true to their. God, brave i enough to face a wicked world andWarn them of .the great judgments that await them. While I was among the Latter-da.Saints, and until saw fit to take up ray abode in thi3 land.-could, notfully realize what a priceless bless-- ' ing it is to; be reared among the people of God, ' wuninose sacreu principles Dorn and bred m us until they are. a parti of our very natures. It is Jike planting good seeds upon a mire, rich, iiQWJoU, where, no noxious weeds nave ever groira. But .it as not so with those who embrace the Gospel in the world; most of them have a mind full of. false ideas and superstitions to overcome, which have to be rooted out, and it takes a lifetime in most instances to get rid of them. Here we are at liberty to plant good seeds in the young and tender minds of our children, which will grow and yield an abundance of 'good fruit. "Our Primary Association of Mahassa is in a flourishing condition. Both officers and memberi seem to be alive to their duties. Our Sabbath School and day schools are In a neglect the sterner and more important duties of life to attend to more trifling matters.'" ' With what sorrow we look upon 'what was once a bright, lovely being, marred, debased And ruined, from folloing after vain and y ; y I .1 hollow fashion. Mothers, do you, think that by teaching yorlittle ones while they are young, Jessons of Talse pride you. wijl thereby earn an exalted kingdom in the heavens above? ; Areyoicuncon the place by setting example and allowing, your children to become slaves to the above mentioned vice? Walking the streets in the city. oneoftenj becomegrievedat3vitne3sing the Haughty,' actions of some, of tha sweet little children of Zion babies in year but quite old in actions. 7 They .have already assumed a walk and a.'toss of thellea'd to show their great ; importancenot' much. less. "becoming " bler to pedple, iq little ones.' With some it would seem to' ''matter little ''how reduced m s their jjarents', they still must be dressed in the height of fashion, regard less of hovy abhorrent ' it There are some circum-8tahge- ob-iioxiou- ' fathers who are erettinsr mcajrre salanM hrn children dress far more fashionatly than the children of others who are worth their thou- ; sands. '" Now, are these things what our i teaches us? Does this bring iis nearer religion to God? Does this teach our children to be meet and humble?; Does taking time for such .wprldly fnvohty. edify us, or, cause our minds 0 I think not.,' Then, let .ua' teach our childreu, and to do. so, let us set the example purselyes-- to spend every precious spare ln. improvement, in gaining all possible instruction, in rfgard to our and to live in such a way that we may.religion; all gain an exalted place m the kingdom of God. e should seek to. make our. homes as as l.es in our power, by furniahimj them with plenty of thriving condition, and many of the older plants and all: the little useful" books, articles people are taking great interest with the childof a1 of. us, and which! Under reach, ren.1 Our voting people's associations and Reproper influences, give a chance lief Society are also doing well, and we antici-pat- e ..thought &nd vcvTO?R a pleasant time this winter,-- The health not have 6btaiaedr of the people is good much better than it w?gbt :fiere.0 have inculcate A in i,ar.' . .M imuua a aisuKe lor : :. . . -- " ' , TIK AYEDDIliG. A , in trtft'hnfpnrrrwfd r o ward adornment of the body; that she does not take.need 01 her darlings taltenng iootstepsr Alas I am afraid that' a great many of us ' that I once ; - few ' ' : of the Jespecial friends .of Mrs. Beba . B.J Pratt secured .sometin valuables and a pamper each of the good 'things 'which' maketh the heart glad 'and tookto. their buggies and rode out ""oh" Sunday tbthe' farm'qf the , , " , 1 . t.r-?n- It Is MOTHERS! MQTUERS I , Avis M. Bronson, Ass't Secretary. Editoi? Exponent! .' : the sad spectacle involved in the downward course of a young person. . When we see a beautifully, .constructed tabernacle,, iphabi ted by ahright, promising spirit, take the firsj; fatal step that leads to: ruin, then .all unconsciously arises in our mnd.!: these, qutwns: Where i the fond, loving mptKerrffihe .yho has already.': traversed a great distance on, the highwav of life," having' a knowledge., of .the whereabouts of the pitfalls, 7 temptations and snares that awaitthe unwary footsteps of the young? Is she neglecting' one of the grandest duties which she, as. a mother in'Israel; has to perform to attend to more trifling matters? Is her niind too much absorbed in the fashions of Mary Beonsox, Secretary, MANAjs8A, COLORADO. . ' With what grief and sorrow does pnewjtness " . "; -- ; : co-work- . j corrupts tue mmu. .jl minis, 11 ;every mother will watch over the in fan t years of her darlings there will not be many. who'; will not attain to&a of.nobility,; ami usefulness., . Few, will be iif; found .walking; ;th04 streets at night, prTwith a deiire to.' ',J?ei .will .be 'ashamed to be, called too rcligipiis, but ' thev'u will , grow up sons and ."1 'dau ghters of Zion to b? roudfof, wish 'Mother's, if you T your iweet ones to graduate in the, school of scandal and vice love frivolity and fashion, an toach' the'm'-t- o let them please themselves iu every idle vanity ' while yoiihg; but if you .wish' them to graduate in the s'chpol of virtue' and tru th, teacK them obedience while young, to snurilj evil, 'and to obeyjthrough love, not thrpugh" fear, and they-i- ll :' Ida pass with' full honor. . ed ; all things impure,; am2flg , them, a dislike for building up , . Clegg-address- is; very fast, and we Ja yc: been blessed; with, good Saints are crops and gardens. The Latter-da- y well satisfied with the prospects' here, and are striving, to. make comfortable homes , hi the -beautiful .valley where; we are located .We believe that thediamLo.Crod;i3 in, our. settling here, and He has thus far blelsed us, and we to bless us if we know that He will continue ' u - - 1 strive tp do His will.Ever wishing success to you and all those who are engaged in this good work, I remain, Your " SlMATffTni T. Boice. be Wu to'fiee if we will stand faithful through all. the triab for the Gospel's sake." frster'.Murdock Eaid, "We, will have to de- . sacrifice every thing for the Gospel, if our .' sire is to do. right." . the conference for a Bro. short time; said, "The Relief' Society is a great ?' help t0 the Bishops w froni their shoulders and waking their burdens lighter." He felt like asking the blessing of the Lord on the President and her Counselors. ' ' Singingi Conference adjourned until 2 p.m. 'Afternoon meeting V. opened" by. singing. Prayer, by T- - II. Giles. Sister Duke gave a report of the Wallsburg Ward. The following ladies addressed the meeting and gave good and valuable in9tructiou: Sister Foreman, Sister 'Todd, Sister McMullin, Sister See and Sister Brown. T. H. Gilei spoke a few words. Prest. Hatch then addressed (he conference on the financial ;afiairs. Advised, the sisters not to loan their wheat without interest. Urged the mothers to look after their children and their example give them goodi counsel. that i" i i ue wortny 01 imitation, rt rcaial ne demignr sired to do right, and asked the blessing of the Lord on the Relief Society. .. . Prcst. Brown make a few closing remarks. Conference adjourned tine die. Singing. Bene' , diction by Prest; Hatch. : last year. The country -- well-know- n Pratt., stockman, Mr. Alma , Mrs.' Pratt has been ' an invalid for years', and Unable to' visit and enjoy the society she is so well capable, mentally, of adorning." She was President of the Y. L. M. I. A of Farm' -- er's Ward until her health enforced her resignation. After the arrival of the guests, and wishing her "plenty of tin: forever,' she repaid us T)y reading a touching poem she had lately written, portraying her appreciation of her life on earth, and also most beautifully her resignation to await the Father's callf and the joy of ,the,kissof the loved onea'on thepther bright shore--;, ..A .tear of sympathy glistened in the eye .of . every - listener, and ii.each; heart, feh strengthened and ecjified in JLhe contemplation of the. beauty, and grandeur, of her "blessed nope of the future,";; . ... Dinner, was .aunouixced, and all, did ample justice, after' the ride through the.. harp, irpsty a'irt'to"tfee many. inyitingjand palatable dishea. A fter dinner we' again s'uf rbunde'dj'ine center . . ., . , : . :) ; , of social interest and jijm'pat when Bhe was the. fafyorp(l recipjehf of blessings and promises .but! :ot ,tfre u bess of some great hearts' who. 'have1 Mrne (he beat of 'the day and ithe brunt .of .the battle faithfully, and whom the Lord delights to own and bless and answer their prayers. The sinking 'sun admonished us to hasten to our warm home firesides befere "jack frost" became absolii tesovereign of our frozen valley. When we kissed our pale friend Mgoodbfe" she said, "I am so glad you all cime for' it has made me feel better;" and our hearts answered; 'tis .sweet to comfort the sick.?' r! i . ; ; i - - many-precio- t us" , . A Tin Guest, . ' ; MOTHERS." -- ex-pan.- d? mo-me- nt . at-racti- ve : 'nf,rflv S . 'No', word arouses such tender feelings'6 as - ihat of "mother Strong- meu are not ashamed to be softened by it, and aged womeri mention it. with .loving . - . reverence-t-grandni6ther- Ihey are in thtir a9 a! back to.the time when they were children, half wondering,. half:adoring .at her knee, and young girls to ;wliom the mother, was the. guiding star, of life, and her precepts, those perfect utterances by own. liyes going , . which thev , WiM hnvs. whom neither parental authority nor fear of. the master's .cane can, reduce, to order, ,are led wp.rfi nilfiH. without trouble by. the mother's, silken rein of Ihlluence; youths whg have flung off Ihe, res- of , religion, the., fetters' .of morality, trjaints' and ' have jive , v&ti be'Jbrou'it .ba'ck in ' ftfiffi: outf tfieif perilous'steep'mjd:.ca.ri lnrArmida'sgaren, and restored to their better selves by the " 