WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 47 I' and the building up of Zion in the valleys of the Rocky Mountains. The hand of God had been visible in- every trial and to those who rtiirrhf H im Hft was otrpr n par I will now say to my kind friends and all who have taken an interest in sketches which' I have gathered up that the changes which have come to me since I began this pleasant duty, the increase of care and responsibilities thrown .upon me through the death of my husband, with varipusduties which require my attention, 1 must resign this one at least at the.present, as I find it difficult to devote the amount of time and thought which it requires and attend to the tasks incumbent upon me. But I do so with the hope of our thaf it will be taken up by some-onwho has sisters more time at her command,, as well as ability to do it justice. There are many unwritten incidents wnicn .coum oe, related with profit, and prove interesting reading to those who pioneered across the barren, trackless wastes of the Great American Desert to these once lone and dreary vales of the Rocky Mountains, as well as scores who are not of that number and even many strangers would enjoy reading of those early scenes among Had I not received this assurance from different quarters in these valleys as well as from outsiders, accompanied with urc- ent requests to continue these sketches.I should have long since yielded to private feelings and discontinued them. I mention this as a stimulus to prompt others to write and give.to ihe world the benefit of their travels .and experience with this people, who are so d and misjudged by generFor mission have one us a of ally. every upon this earth, and it is only the willing hands and hearts, and those who will sacrifice self to the good of others - that 'will gain an everlasting triumph; and be crowned to reign throughout the glorious eternities to come. As a clesing testimony that a supreme power preserved this people though they seemed for saken and driven out into the wilderness, I extractpone or two paragraphs from a letter addressed by the Presidency at Winter Quar-ters to "Hiiaers nyde, rratt and Taylor '.then on a mission to .Lngland. Ihe following little incident occurred in Lee County, Iowa, while the Saints were encamped, and many laying sick and destitute on the shore of the Mississippi m tno montii ot beptember ls4b, and seemingly starvation staring them in the lace. Flocks of quails "lit upon their wagons and on their beds, and upon their empty tables, and the ground within their reach, which the Saints caught with their hands until they were satisfied and their breakfast and dinner was full.". "Not only the Saints sawthi3 but the world. A steam boat wa3 passing during part of the time, within six rods and the Dassenerera mar veled at the sight,others in the camp.not of us, " - -- the-historic- al - e . ons." the-"Morm- grossly-mis-understo- od the-worl- through the da and followed tha wmn whon . they started from the river." Tell this to the nations of the earth! tell it to the kings and nobles and the great ones!!, tell ye this to those who believe that God who fed the children of Israel in the wilderness in the days of Mose, that they may know that there is a God in these last days and that His people are as dear to him now as they were in those days, and that he will feed them, when the power of the oppressor is unbearable, and he is acknowledged God of the whole earth, and every tongue confesses that Jesus is the Christ." -- " S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. DAVIS STAKE. . The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Davi3 Stake was held at Kaysville, July 30th, Sister Susan Grant presiding. said she was pleased to behold so .many cheer- mi ijmwb, uiey were --so near ana aear to ner. "It U quite a task for those sisters whr ar ad at 10 o'clock. Singing, Prayer by Sister Sarah BrLaytonr Singing, "May we who know the joyful sound." There were present from Salt Lake City, Sisters E, Howard and E. B. Wells. The minutes of the previous conference were Meeting commenced "0 God be praised." vanced in years to take upon themselves the public duties and - responsibilities that have fallen to their lot, but God can strengthen us for. all our duties and aid us by His mighty "read and accepted. The reports from' the' power. The presidents of R. S. are requested different branches of the Relief Society were by Prest. Budge to use their influence in getalso read. Prest. Susan Grant said thkt she ting what means they can to assist in build- ! iL. Oi.l TAttueruuuie. it. ; with her counselors had visited all the differen- tlug iuu olu branches in the Stake; gave a very satisfactory . Sister Nancy E. Pugmire said, "It is our each of branch. be duty to attend our meetings, that we report Sister E. B. Wells then gaveuo a brief acinstructed in our various duties. Purity aud count of some of the things she saw while in virtue will' bring happiness." Spoke of Solothe East, and at New York and Washington mon and his testimony, after having enjoyed in particular; also exhorted the sisters to be arid vexation of spirit.". diligent in teaching their children the princi: -of the Mrs. Dr. Gray who came recommended by ples Gospel. Sister Mary S. Clark expressed her thanks Prest. Budge, was introduced to the audience. for the privilege of meeting once more in the Coun. L. M. Hart spoke of our responsibiliof ties a as Latter-dato Saints. "We should be conference; urged capacity seek for the Spirit of God and live in a way to kind ' and charitable to each other; Try to ' claim His blessing. V cViAnlrl Meeting adjourned until livfi tn pninv th. Rnirit nf ClnA 2 p.m. Benediction by Prest. Susan Grant. not procrastinate ourduties, but rather per- Meeting convened again at 2 p.m. After luim kuvia vv ua the opening exercises, Sister E. Howard, Couni with . the Bishop J. A. Hunt was gratified i r i tif Lucinda Brown and E. B. Wells addressedcoherence, "kjuq ODject oi tne Jtt. H. is to be the sisters. Spoke at some length upon mothers a help to the bishops. The sisters should pay with the governing their children, and also to try and their tithing and use their influence t i ji .i induce our daughters to dress in a manner iurciuruu to pay ii tueirs, men mey can ciaun tne " that would be conducive to health. blessings promised to Conference adjourned for three months. Prest. Lindsay thanked the Bishop and all God is who like of fire had assisted in making the house so coma Singing, "The, Spirit fortable; also the choir for their s fleet music. burning." Benediction by Phebe Atkinson. RlIODA HlNMAN, Recommended Dr. Gray. Davis Conference adjourned for six months. Choir Stake R. S. Secretary sang, "Rejoice, rejoice in the Lord." Benedic. tion by Bishop J. A. Hunt. BEAR LAKE STAKE. -- mj ' . the-siste- rs y z . 1 1 1 . ' . j tithe-payers.- . ConMinutes of the Sixteenth Semi-annuference ofthe Relief Society of the' Bear Lake Stake, held in St. Charles, July 17th and 18th, 1886, Prest. Julia P. Lindsay presiding. Saturday, 10 a.m. Singing, "Improve the shining moments." ; Prayer by Elder Wm. M. Allred. Singjng, "Marching Homeward." iou caiieu lurouuttj uwuera uuu presiuema vi m f lienei oociety. Prest. Lindsay was very happy, to meet with the sisters in conference, and to see so many present; also felt thankful for the good health of the people, and or our favorable surrounds ings. The Presidents of the different branches of the Relief Society, who were present, each reported her respective society. Coun. Llizabeth Collings said, "This is the place to give and receive instructions." Was sorry to find so many presidents absent. "If they cannot attend they should send some one, or a written report." Advised all to refrain from speaking evil of their- - neighbors, aqd avoid everything of an unbecoming nature that would lower us in the sight of God.s Prest. Annie Laker said, "We enjoy great privileges, and can do much good if we are willing. Each one should attfnd to the work asigned her. We must labor diligently if we desire the blessings in store for the faithful. Mothers need the assistance of the Almighty in rearing their children in His fear." The statistipal and financial report was read by the Secretary, after which Prest Lindsay spoke at some lengthen the duties of presidents of R. S. Was pleased to learn that the sisters had stored so much grain. "We should work unitedly (or the advancement of God's work. Let us learn our duties and then de vote our . energies to the performance of. "them." Choir sang, "Beautiful Day." Benediction by Elder B. H. Allred. Sunday, July 1 8th, 1886, 2 p.m., Prest. J. P. Lindsay presiding. Choir sang, "To Thee, O God, do we approach," etc Prayerby Elder Wm. M. AJlred. Singing, "If human kindness meets return," etc. The sacrament was administered, after which Prest. Lindsay al 1-1- 1' . 4 ' JNANCY - Hunt, Ass t Sec. UTAH STAKE. Minutes of the quarterly conference of the I i I jn&cfcjyvClir Ui IUU UUtKe. meeting house, Provo City, ivou. IICUI 111 LIlO June 25th, 1886 vimy ouuu presiuiug, assiitca DV lier U. Uluff and Manila M. Counselors, Daniels. Conference opened with the usual exercises. Minutes of former conference read" ly and approved. y Prest. Mary John felt pleased to meet again in a conference capacity under so favorable circumstances. Exhorted the sisters to a faithfulness of their duties, and to cultivate tho spirit of the Lord continually to enable them to discharge every duty placed upon them. The presidents of the different branches of tne ueiiet. Society ot Utah County gave verbal reports of the several branches over , v which they presided. Sister Hyde gave an encouraging report of the Sanpete Stake Relief Society. Sister Rachel 3rant said, " We are passing through many trials; let us cultivate the Spirit of the Lord to enable us to pass through these trials. Make it a study to put from us all that is displeasing in the sight of ojr Heavenly Father." She had been blessed in striving to perform her duties. "Let us respond to the calls made upon us, however weak we may feel. Seek to have charity towards one Bore a strong testimony to the another." truth of celestial marriage, etc- Sister E. B. Wells, the next speaker, had seen considerable of the .ways of the world. Spoke of the sad condition existing therein, and of the degeneration in its midit. Had an -interview with Miss Cleveland; explained the principles of our faith to her; spoke at length of the principle of plural marriage. "We are a blest people, an independent people in many ways." Referred to 'the manufacturing of our own silk, and thereby carrying out the counsels that have been given, etc. Conference adjourned till 2 p.rn, 