The Eights of the Women of Zion, and tie Rights of the Women of all Rations. ' Vol. 14. SALT- - LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH two. So write to me very often, If you send me but a line, For the ocean foils between us And your life seems linked to mine; And e'en one line will tell me, ' With mor6 than magic, skill, That, though I'm absent from thy side, I am remembered still. ' . : Alas! how meagr&js-ihe-chanc- color-changin- Unchecked by Providence! Mortality's light veil He lifts, Recalls those first, rare, precious gifts, And softly bears them hence. ... Though parted, still together grieve , Two mother hearts, and both receive : That consolation sure, - k In realms of peace and love and light, Two angel cherubs, fair and bright, Pure as immortal flowers, Together walk and laugh and sing, And wait their mothers' entering; r . Sister, those babes "are ours. LULA. WRITE TO ME VERY OFTEN. Write to me very often, My lone heart lingers so For the balm your letters bring me, When my sad eyes overflow. As I scan the kind epistle ' That meets ray greatest need, I sccyour loved face looking up In every line I read. ry Write to often, Consoler that thou art! Thy kind words fall like cooling dews , Upon my burning heart. They strengthen, they refresh me, Like pure, ambrosial wine. And while I drink them in my soul " Content and peace are mine. me-ve- Write to me very often, Thou art so far away, Thy voice may not' break on my ear For many a weary day. , , . g gamic principle of our religion, that if that one obnoxious feature were only done away and its practice should henceforth cease, all hostility to "Mornionism" would vanish into thin air, the oil of peace would be poured upon the troubled waters of political and religious strife in Utah, and the Millennial sun would bo almost ready to dawn upon this portion of y and benighted planet. our That many persons are sincere in this belief, I doubt not, any more than I do that many others are not so. Those who really believe it are, for the inost part, well meaning but superficial thinkers, who have studied carelessly or not at all the crimson-hue- d history of religious persecution, particularly those chapters destined, thank heaven ! to be among the closing ones reiauug 10 me nurcn or desus unnst Saints. of Latter-da- y I need hardly refer in this connection, to the unfounded charges, ridiculous as they were numerous, preferred against the early. Chris- tains and cited by . their rnerciless oppressors in J justification of their cruelty to that universally despised and unpopular sect: nor give more than a passing glimpse at the lurid scenes of rapine and murder with which history repeated itself in the days of the expulsion of : the SaintfiL-fro-- Missouri, when - the pretense put forth to palliate" such horrors was not, as some might suppose, the now terrible offense of "patriarchal marriage No; "polygamy - was not then the popular note to sound, the revelation regarding it not having been given to the Church. Hence, some other excuse had to be invented, some other catch-wor- d adopted, some other cloak made to order to cover up the real object of the murderous crusade against an innocent people, "everywhere spoken evil of," whose appealed cause was admitted to be just by the Executive of the nation, who in the same breath acknowledged himself powerless to interfere for their protection,, or afford for their past cruel wrongs the slightest re-- , war-wear- . . n" rZr . Write to me very often. If you send me but a Iine, For the ocean rolls between us, Yet your life seems linked to mine. I am tarrying with strangers, But when your letters come, My heart is big with rapture, ""For they speak of love andhome. anti-"Mormo- away, hides himself behind another, rivals the agility of the nocturnal flea, or the fickleness of the chameleon. Illustralike FalstafPs tions are, reasons, "as plenty as we but need not pickrom the blackberries," prolific bush more than one or two at the pre- ' "". sent time. How often it has been asserted, by those ' Which trust in the Eternal One, Faith in the Father and the Son, Are potent to secure. WHAT NEXT? k e For mortal wishes to advance, - demagogue changes his base, and as fast asone is torn pretext serving him as a breast-wor- In time each woman's heart received The first great good her life achieved, Its first rare gift from heaven; Plan'd they, as others may have done, Two future pathways 'merged in'one; One boy; one girl were given. government that prevailed in the ancient Christian Church".- Theseawful primes excited the jealous wrath of the priests of perverted and apostate Christianity, and it was not a difficult thiagTibr; these' "holy men" who "spake as they were "moved upon! by the spirit of Satan, to poison the minds of their piou3 flocks,and aided by scheming knaves and political tricksters of whom little else could beex-pecteto create a sentiment so bitterly hostile that nothing buf the blood of innocence which it shed could satiate it. These facts have' passed into history,, not yet written in its fulness, but some day to be thundered by impartial justice from the house tops. But what do we next hear? Has the same old pretext been used to extenuate all later exhibitions of Christian hatred toward this d, The facility with which the ; No. 19. kjaiu us, iiivc tuc u.tuuia ui luiuicr uuys, CJUUIiCU. to receive revelations from on High, and wero organized with Apostles and Bishops, etc, in rrnnfnrmitv with flip. prlpsiflcf svstcm Thy warm breath on my cheek. Together culled the sweet wild flowers, And walked and talked '.mid summer hours, Together sang and prayed; Thus gTew they up to womanhood,.' And stilHogether firmly stood. Both lived, nor either strayed. if , 1886, But I'll see thee in my letters, And I'll think I hear thee speak, And I'll feel, in fancy, while I read, . Two little girls together played, Together earth's fair scenes surveyed Together ale and slept; Together studied nature's looks, Qr read the same instructive books. Together laughed or wept. But, oh! there came a time to part! Two worthy men gained each a heart; Henceforth two pathways lie: ' understand my rhymes, Sister You recollect scenes, places, times; Those girls were you and J. 1 civilization to build up and beautify an Eden in the Heart or the American desert: JNot en tirely. The real cause remains, as ever, un- chanired: but the ostensible one has shifted, tber-coc- k in a wind storm. Polygamy, being published, became immensely popular as a war cry, and its imaginary horrors were sufficiently blood-- " curdling, without "Apostles and Bishops' to suit every purpose of the conspiring hypocrites who create, in order to pander to and be paid by, a mistaken public sentiment as as it is unwarrantable. This polygamic wire has been twanged till it is almost ready to snap assunder. from age and prolonged use, and those Whose business it is to string the harp of slander and tune it to g the popular pitch, have found it necessary to look about once more for material to meet the imminent popular demand for a change. "Blood atonement" will hardly do, for that has seen much service also, and like "polygamy" is getting sadly out of tune.--The- re is something, however, that suits the times "to a T," and, far from wonderful to tell, it has already been stretched and played upon. And what is thisnewer bugaboo? this Olym pus of popular dread this towering mountain of a nation's alarm that "singes its pate against the burning zone," making the polygamic "Ossa like a wart?" Ia sooth, "Church rule in , wide-sprea- d - ever-varyin- m dress. And what, in those early days, was alleged4 offense, or more properly the main accusation, since they have speaking, ever been, like Abraham's pterity, innumerIn brief this: that tfee Latter-da- y able? "Mor-monism- V imperio, a "Mormon" empire in an American an "ecclesiastical right divine as opposed - to the-- ballots of a f ree people" and yards on 'yards of similar stuff, all of which,-summeup and simmered t'own, might be put thus: a handful of religious worshippers, armed with implements of Jabor, with theirj'eet firmly planted on the granite backbone of the American continent, leering down uj)on and threatening with r an avalanche of hymn-book- s the jeace, welfare and existence of a shivering little group millions of people. of fifty-five-: ' This then is the leading pretext of now sweeping and swishthe comet of ing through the political heavens, with 'polyand all the other gamy," fittle horrors following and serving as its tail.. But tell "us, what has this new terror to stand on? Is it utterly without foundation, like the vast majority of its predecessors, or has it, like republic, d to-da- y; ill-ome- "blood-atonemen- t" n 