WMAN'S "EXPONENT. -- " . " . WOMAN'S EXPONENT; by rightful dower his father's wealth, without considering the'toils, the struggles and privations which were encountered in its accumulation. Is it right to be unmindful of the blessings so dearly Editor. ..KMMEL1SE D. WELLS, earned, and be guilty of the sin of ingratitude for the want of earnest ; thought and a just apprecia in Salt Lake City, Utah. -- Terms; Published tion of those whb spent their lives and substance one copy one year, fiOO; one copy six months, 81.00. Ten in the establishment of the kingdom of God upon copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Eich square, ten line of nonpareil the earth? Let us trust not; let us hope for better - A liberal discount S3.00. one tlJM; time, month, per space, things, and strive to show by works faithfully "per to regular advertisers. second-cn.l- K.troNENT formed that the . good example of those early oaice, No.7 2' E.. South Temple Street, e&t of Dascret Nfevrs Office .iiusme hours from. 1Q sum pioneers in Zion's cause has "Stimulated us who to 5 p.m. every day, excopt Sunday. to more earnest endeavors inthe pur live y Address all business communication to suance and support of a sublime faith and active PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, devotion for the great cause so heroically main" Salt Lark City. Utah. tained at the risk of all that was near and dear,and life itself. March 15 1886. even r Salt Lake City, Leaving Cleveland by "the Lake Shore and Michigan Railway we soon arrived at Willoughby, K I RTLAN D X ND NAUVOO. where,- - by . private conveyance, we proceeded to Kihland. As the road was entirely new to the Prolific topics these! When one has a lofty s were particuwriter, none of the old subject one feels most keenly the inability to give would have been to those as larly interesting they adequate expression in the delineation of the ' who had gone over and over the road in times past, theme. And 'when one sees Kirtlandand Nauvoo but Little Mountain was pointed out (and little it both within a week's time, going over each place aspindeed, with a tenderness almost amounting to reverence, the stupendous mountains of the Wasatch range), as if treading upon holy ground, silence is the best as rather a striking feature among , the tame offering one can make at such a time. That is scenery of the open country, and, alas! mentioned very well for the individual person, but of what as a summer resort for picnics and so forth. At benefit is it to others, and what about those who a turn of the road, the Temple became visible,and expect something more expressive than silence knowing the building w ell from t.h e pi ctures we theager publicrwhoare anxious to'heaobserva- - had seen, it was at once recognized. How strange tions one will make upon these noted cities of the in bold relief apart it looked, standing as Saints, each of which flourished for a time as the from all else, as though it had no connection with "Latter-da- y Zion;" in both of which a Temple has the surrounding objects, grant, though plain in been erected to the Most High God, and'where old in its appearance, even a sacred ordinances have been performed by those ' architecture, and stranger could not but imagine it had a history. having authority through the holy priesthood. To one who knew the circumstances, it possessed And when reflecting upon this subject one cannot almost a fascination As the carriage drew nearer, all the help mentally asking, ''Where now-ar- e houses, barns and trees became more distinct ;one great assemblies of the Saints of former dayswho could get an excellent view of the town on that met and worshipped in these consecrated places?" side, or, as it is commonly designated, the Kirtand the'windsecho, "Where, indeed?" And alas! land Flatsr Driving into the town direct we sort who can tell? Some have lain down to sleep in of instinctively recognized the residence and store 1'the valley of the shadow of death," and their of Newel K. Whitney, formerly Presiding Bishop spirits have gone "beyond the gates," topreach of the Church1 of Jesus Christ bf Latter-da- y . to the spirits in prison, or to associate with the in also as hotels tne Johnson tavern, the Saints; great company of the departed. Some, perhaps, were We to the drove usually called; country up after having received the good word and tasted platform in front of the store and there alighted, tlTe "bread of life," have fallen away and mingled just where Joseph Smith the Prophet did when he again with the world they had one; renounced. came to Kirtland in 1831, when he addressed Nr Others have kept the faith and still live, have enK. Whitney as he stood behind the.counter in dured much tribulation, counting not the cost, for those memorable words, "I'm Joseph the Prophet; the glorious hope within, and have added to their you've prayed me here, now what do you want of wisdom, treasures of knowledge from time to me?" All this and a hundred other memories of time, as the Lord has revealed Himself through the dead rushed to mind, as we stood like one enHis, prophets. Some have been slain for the tranced gazing upon that historic city. Crossing word of God and the testimony of Jesus, and the street from the store, we knocked at the door others have died from the hardships and privations of the house on the corner opposite, assured it endured in the pilgrimages consequent upon the must be the one we had heard spoken of so often persecutions through which the Saints have been by Bishop Whitney and his venerable - wife, l called to pass. Horace, Sarah and the young boys, Of that great company, that vast and solemn home in Kirtland." A sweet-faceyoung woman assembly that gathered in the Kirtland Temple in vvith first her was. baby living there, and after sothose early days, ' but few remain" to tell the liciting the privilege of going through the house, story. Historic names indeed are Kirtland and she very kindly allowed us to reconnoitre every Nauvoo. They thrill the pulses of the Latter-danook and corner. Here indeed one might well reSaints, and call up a thousand tender recollections call those touching lines of Tom Moore's, wheneverthe names are uttered among the people who know thefacts and incidents connected there"I feel like one who treads alone with. ; : Some banquet hall deserted, " Do those who live to day realize what the early Whose lights are fled, whose garlands dead, ' And all but me departed." this founders pf "Mormon" empire did for them? They opened the way, theyNishered in the new We lingered as long as we dare in each room dispensation, they laid th foundation, they heeded (for the young woman possibly thought it passing not the consequences, they bore the scorn, the strange), recalling the incidents we had heard recontumely, the hate, and withstood thethreats, lated of "the old homestead," and especially in the lury of mobs, the treachery of false friends "mother's room," as ft was invariably referred.to and brethren. How little the present generation by all the family. Over this particular think and appreciate what has been borne and . room was Whitney the chamber where Joseph had'been suffered by the early disciples of the Church in lodged as an honored guest on his first arrival in Jhese last days. It has been freely given, and Kirtland, and where he had oft retired t6 meditate sts a natural inheritance, as a child receives and to write, and to receive communications semi-monthl- y, j . to-da- land-mark- " it-do- es -- " s" - as-'ou- . r d . y . " -- " , ac-ept- ed from tne JLOru. .niciiug uui iwm, pua:iij uver, me threshold was "UkV-dinupon holy ground." One's emotions must indeed be under perfect control not to be strongly wrought upon. To one very susceptible to spiritual impressions, it is no wonderlf the feeling was akin to reverence-How- ; could it be otherwise? Here had sat the great Prophet and. leader of the last dispensation of the fulness of times. In that very room be had received some of 'the msst important messages from the Almighty concerning the Latter-da- y -worjfr Inihis humble place had Been gathered in: council some of. the men who were the strongest pillars of the Church in its early organization.. Here they had called upon Godwin fervent prayer, here they had sought Him for wisdom and divine help. 0, "it: was good to be there,"to meditajte upon things that had transpired in that little room that, had been dedicated to God again and again by His servants and" handmaidens. Now it and deserted, fitting: place, it looked, for bats and owls to congregate cobwebs and dust had accumulated until one could scarcely see from its windows, and no use was made of it whatever: Nothing, remained of all its former "greatness or its uses," and none there could tell the story of what had transpired.within its walls, or proudly testify of its distinguished occupants, All was gone, and the men. who once sat there in council are now engaged in another field of labor ' . behind the vail. We went into the Whitney store' afterwards, which seemed to have been kept in good repair, and after taking a look around and asking a few questions of the bystanders, we walked out upon the platform that faced trie Temple Hill 'and took a survey of the town as it could be seen from there, then walked on in preference to riding up the hill, where so many hundreds, perchance thousands, had gone to the Temple to worship God. Once there, we succeeded, after some time, in finding a guide to show us through the Temple. Those who have visited such sacred places will realize with what peculiar feelings we trod those deserted halls, and wended our way up and down the large and commodious rooms, taking specia f pains to note the stands at each end of "the assembly rooms for the several quorums of the priesthood to sit in their regular order. VVejrJimbed to the very top and looked out upon the scene, and while jthus engaged, the mind grasped as much as had tranpossible of the wonderful events-that- " in spired that vicinity of which we had read and heard from those who participated in the development of "the marvelous work and wonder," which grew up in that region of the.country. Leaving the Temple, after registering and being told of young Josephs great expectations concerning the future of tfie people of Utah, and so on, we wandered through the graveyard near there, jeadingnheinscriptions upon the tombstones, many of them broken and much defaced, and from there to Father Bond's, as we had been told the Bond's could tell everything about Kirtland as it was formerly. Father Bond was a , member of in New York State in a 7 very early day, and has kept the faith. He is now eighty-eight years old, and very feeble.' He made inquiries about several people whom he knew long agoand related some facts and incidents,referring frequently to such men as Brigham, Joseph and ; Lorenzo Young, Judge Snow Bates, Nobles and others of note. Miss Mary Bond, his daughter, a maiden lady, and - once an intimate friend and playmate of Helen Kimball's (now Whitney), did most of the talking. She is very delicate, but is bright and intelligent. She said, among other re- marks made by her during the interview, "If I accept Moses as a prophet of the Lord, I must also accept Joseph." This Sister Mary made a very forcible impression upon the writer; she is in some respects singular in manner and original in her expression of views, and fragile in appear- was-empt- y the-Churc- -- . . 