WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Emilia D.tMadsen thought some might be tempted to say concerning our case, "If this is the true kingdom of God, why does not the. Lord take pare of His own?" Bat we should remember Jesus Christ, "in whom the Father was .well pleased; who", when crucified between two thieves, was tantalized by them with the remark, "If Thou art the Son of God, save thyself." It was for Him: to submit to all things, and it is for us to acknowledge His hand in every trial. fi President of 2nd the Ward, Mary E. Snow, love the and of we good feeling beget by spoke for each other's interest. together working j Bro. E. A. Box said, "The Lord has. brought pressure upon us to purify us, and if we do all jn our power to purify ourselves perhaps the Lord will shorten the time. We out here in the mountains are very apt to suppose the world very learned, very wise, and ourselves ignorant, but the world of mankind is not learned; some few are, but the great masses are not educated. One might study and attain great wisdom, and still know nothing of God. The wise men of the earth take all the honor to themselves, but we give all the honor, to God. We have lived here in peace for many years, and it has been stated that hereafter, when we associate with those who have suffered persecution, even laid down their lives, we would feel injustice was done to us, in that we were overpaid." Coun. Olivia Widerborg said, "If we have the Spirit of the Lord in our hearts, we must feel that every word is true we have heard here." She felt that the sisters of Brigham City, as a whole, were trying to live their religion. In reporting the Scandinavian sisters' association, she bore a strong testimony to the work of the Lord. Pr est Harriet Snow made a few concluding remarks after which the conference adjourned : ; for three months. 2 " Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec. - . ? ; . 175 have voted for sixteen years, and who are ...not even accused of violating any law, and other measures included in bill, which recently passed the Senate of the United States. "Mormon" women have, surely, some rights left that ought to be respected, and one of these is the right to petition the President and the Congress of the. United states for redress, and of presenting to them and to the people, facts and incidents in relation to the existing - condition of affairs - in the Territory where they reside, which are of vital importance to the welfare of the community, and specially oppressive in application . to those most the-Edmun- ds -.. deep-lyJntereste- before further cruelties and greater prejudice, t. i i i uarusaips are imposed .upon a people already suffering persecution for conscience sake. As Onf nf - ill ft flplfrrnts iaonF liorn TfTwvrooonf the memorial of the women,, of Utah to the "V . I n .i '1 .1 t. ' jl resiutJuL anu ito me congress oi ine tt unitedi. States, I felt called upon to reply to the unfavorable notice of it in your paper; and as I have been delegated on other occasions to represent the "Mormon" women at the national capital and elsewhere, and am the editor of the "Mormon" woman's papery I feel authorized to speak in their behalf, and to defend their interests in whatever way possible, and - TO-.- - a 1 - -- d. ' judice and misrepresentation is brought to bear against them so heavily; and as the friend ui nn vuu iuve jusuco auu "uesiru to. protect human rights, I remain, very respectfully, &c., Emmeline J3. Wells. The Edmunds law. of 1882 is sufficiently rigid when enforced, to satisfy those who are really anxious to abolish "polygamy," and to adopt harsher measures and add severity and " Editor "Woman's Exponent," cruelty to the administration is not only an inSalt Lake City, Utah. justice to those already suffering punishment tt I tIJi.t IT Villi til III ll'l. II. ' but amounts to positive persecution. Do the American- people forget that these women, against whom such a pressure of cirA MINUTE'S AGER. cumstances is jbroughtoibear. at the present-timare their sisters ; in the one great family Not long ago, in a city not far from "ew of the Union; and that they have human hearts and affections as tenderand true as York, two boys, neighbors, who were good their own?' Do they realize that it is simply friends, were playing. . In the course of the game a dispute arose between the two boy3, because of their religious .faith, and for a prinand both became angry; one struck the other, ciple of it, which they hold to be sacred and di- - and flnallv one kicked the nthp.r. whii fpll ntw are sufferings-the- se hardships? conscious in the street, was taken home, and jane, .that thev not in the interest of humanity If they do,is it to see that no cruelty is inflicted Upon these now for four weeks has suffered most cruelly." The doctors say that if he lives he will never women-anchildren, but that the law be hube well; and will suffer and need the manely and wisely administered by men who constant care of a always physician. If the boys had ,have common sympathy and true respect for been the greatest enemies they would not, motherhood and the purity of little children? That"Mormon" women are harrassed and could not, have desired a worse fate for each other than this. But, instead of enemies, they annoyed and insulted unnecessarily by un were friends and loving companions. Now principled men employed r as deputy marshals is will One never be changed. and spies, , who have no genuine respect for everything able to walk, or to take part in active games; womanhood, and think any . measure will 06 the other will never forget the sufferings he justified in dealing withhe wives and daugh ' has caused. ters )f "Mormons," is very apparent, and cer A minute's anger caused this. Christ'iwi tainly calls loudly and should not call in vain, Union. for au investigation in regard to these offens?s, and a radical ehange in dealing, with such a delicate matter as the severing of family ties VOTING BY PBOXY. and the breaking up of homes that were so dear to those who toiled together to establish Long before the advent of Susan B. Anthem, and whose hearts are entwined around or- Mr3. Stanton as the champions of each other so closely that to separate them is thony woman suffrage, a law was enacted in Berne, to inflict a wound that only divine love can Switzerland, allowing women to vote by proxy, ever heal. but history has not yet recorded au instance " The incidents cited in the memorial referred in which a woman has taken advantage of the to arc only a few of the many cases in which privilege, until at the last municipal election, insults and outrages upon propriety and even which occurred in November last. The libecommon decency have been committed by rals being largely in the majority, the reaction men who usurp authority in out of the way to a. piece ot strategy to ary party resorted districts and places, intimidating with threats gain the victory, not dreamed of by their opand in various . ways defenseless women and ponents. They quietly hunted up the old law children. When at home in Salt Lake City I giving the right ot sutirage, in matters affectam almost daily in, receipt- - of letters from; ing .the municipal affairs of Berne, to such different parts of Utah, Arizona and Idaho women as possessed realty, and succeeded in giving information in detail of facts pertain carrying the election by ninety-seve- n majority and warrants of servine: to writs, arrests, ing in a total vote or 4,2b(J. Ine law provides : the misconduct of these .qeputies and spie3. that the voting of the women must be done Houses are broken into in the night time, the by' male proxies. About six hundred such - of women are causelejssly proxies were written the day before the elecsleeping . V apartments. i 1.1 1TTI wnoie tion. In commenting upon this surprise, a invaded and the occupants msuitea. before families are arrested and dragged grand liberal Swiss paper says that the victory gained are terrorized women andchildren in such an "unmanly" manner will be proven juries, and and interrogated in an indecent manner by a barren one, as the election of a number, of hectoring district attorneys and their assistants new members to tne council will take place in office. Do you think such thing3 reasonable next Decemberrivhen the liberals expect to because the women are Mormons make use of the same persuasive arguments. In the interest of motherhood, of young women and children of tender years, and in .-SLEEP AND WASTE the interest of universal humanity, I appeal to the mothers of America, and entreat them to Sleep , will do much to cure irritability of consider the situation in Utah, brought feeltemper, peevishness and uneasiness. It will ingly and forcibly to their notice in the mebuild up, and make strong a weary body. It would and morial just presented to Congress, ask them to investigate the subject without will do much to cure dyspepsia, particularly "t MJ: A. M 1 a T .1 . ti m f A ' - - e, d . THE WOMEN OF UTAH. . A MORMON PETITION. Mr. Blair presented to the Senate yesterday a long petition, sent to him from Utah and alleged to have been signed by women of that territory. It is understood- - that the petition Mormon attorwas written by a ney, and is a device to gain sympathy for the well-know- n "Saints." This petition relates varioin alleged circumstances in which ' United "States officers are said to have entered the bedrooms of Mormon women to ascertain whether or not the law was being iofated. Evening Star, April -- 7th. THEIR PROTEST AGAINST WRONGS AND GRIEVANCES. Washington, April "8, 1886. To the Editor of The Evening Star: ... In the Evening Star of April 7th I find, . . under the; heading "A Mormon Petition," errors stated that I am prepared to correct, in reference, to the memorial of the women" of Utah recently presented in the Senate of the xUnited States by the Hon. Blair. The mem W. Henry orial was drafted bv a "committee of some "Mormon" women, whose - signatures, were attached to each engrossed copy, this committee, naving been nominated at a mass meeting of "over twpthous and women from all parts of the territory, while assembled to protest against the wrongs and which they under grievances are suffering from the maladministration of the Edmunds lair of 1882; and also against the disfranchisement of the women of Utah, who - 1 OF-LIFE- I I 