WOMAN'S EXPONENT. are all in favor of single marriage, but my filinrt visit to bait Lake hai taught o me at least lesson Mormon that this one . polygamy Is a 15 ina . - " , totally different thing from that which is prac- tised in eastern countries, with which it u often confounded, subject as it is to such' re strictions as must prevent a really immoral man from entering into it with the sanction of vour Church. There' can be no question with he wnrrl nf (irui (Imco ffhn Kinrpr.lv hpiift7A that it was once j ractised with the Divine ap proval, but then it is contended that slavery was UKewise a permitted institution, ana that it is in the order of God's providence that both these should be done away with in the onward progress of society, .that in their place ana inije uiey uum serveu a usejui purpose, but that neither, of them was intended to be permanent; and that now society has outgrown oil onnVi nrrtAji inns am n n fonrnoiV onnmr T to enter into any argument upon this subject, but 1 am free, to admit that while I was in . your,city 1 certainly railed to see any 01 the terrible effects which the practice of polygamy to produce. I .is popularly supposed must sav that the families which I visited arv peared to be very comfortable and happy, and as far as I could see the greatest harmony prevailed among them contrary, of course, to what ! was lea to expect, as I had been told that just as inevitably as that 2 and 2 make 4 may advantageously locate himself and family, and is in no danger as men similarly, circumstanced in tho East often are of being defrauded by unprincipled agents. It is further creditable to you that "you have no pau pers. among you, owing, as I understand, to your system of house tojiouse visitation, whereby the temporal a3'well as the spiritual needs of your people are carefully enquired into and promptly attended to. The fact that industry and economy are regarded by you as a part of your religion may also to some extent account for the of this pauper element; of cburse under any circumstances it is not to be looked for to any great extent in a small community like yours, as compared with more largely populated ..cities, but the" methods which you adopt appear to me to be singularly well adapted for nipping anything of the kind in the bud, and assuming that you are destined to grow into a great people, you, have only'to persist in your present course, and I do not see how you' can ever be cursed with this evil. It is true that if you continue to set up what you conceive to be.G there will be many individual cases of suffering, but in this matter it appears you are to contribute help where help is really needed. So that after'all vou are not entirely without your good qualities "despite the whole--sal- e denunciation which is meted out to you by your enemies.but the fact still remains that you are Mormons, and ilhat settles thematter in theeyes of the civilized world. I am sorry for your but I suppose it cannot be helped. It was confidently hoped that Judge Zane would bring you to your senses, but so far I do not think he can congratulate himself upon his success; he was doubtless under the impression that his pitiless measures would be met with some sort of compromise on your part, and did ab-ser- ce -- rrsi i nnmnsnn ro. wuiicu me xnmary oi iarKSon w ue uoiusj wellr badie bhumway spoke a piece "Not fit to J)e kifsed;" Recitation, Sarah Jensen and Jeanie Barker, of Newton. Sister Maud Bur- ion spoKe a snore time on the W ord ot W lsdom. Recitation, Sarah Ann Jensen, of Clarkston, "Ouy Baby."p few minntes. Sister Barber spoke on Temple duties. Peter Jensen of Newton spoke a piece, "The Crow;" Agnes Shumway of Clarkston recited "Ben Fisher;" Sister Iiopukina sang a song;Sister Barker of Newton and Prest. Mary , . n Molen then addressed us; talked on a great many interesting topics, and all felt to rejoice. Bishop- John Jardine moved that we give the sisters a vote of thanks for their visit to us. " - iPrest. CarolineiG. Thompson also thanked the sisters for tneir visit, and thus passed one of the best days.ever spent on the west side of Cache" Valley. - Singing, "Lord dismiss us." Benediction by Coun. K, A. Jensen. 1 our sister in the uospel, ' all-pledge- d Susan J. Jensen, Sec. WOMEN HOME MISSIONARIES. President of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Salt Lake! Stake, and Mrs. E. L. so polygamy introduces in the family relation Crowther, of Logan, left the latter place to ship, the element or, discord, but judging from visit the Oneida Stake, with Mrs. Fox, Presiwhat I saw and heard there was no indication dent of the Relief Society of that Stake, and that this was the case with your people. . her two Counselors, in nehalf of the Relief Society. District Conferences were appointed j I have had the pleasure of an introduction to a few of the "victims" of this terrible evil, but at Malad, Oxford, Gentile Valley ,Mink Creek and Franklin, at all of which places the instead of the ladies observing the prudent silence which I naturally looked for with re Young Ladies' and Primaries were also met with. Ten or twelve meetings were held durgard .to. this matter, II was surprised to hnd that they, one and all expressed themselves ing the ten days trip, all of which were sustained by the priesthood and brethren t auite unreservedly about it. and in terms of Tiotrtake4ntott3-calcTilatiothatirhat:he"i I iiniMalifiofi annrrttrol old and drove about one hun -" ho ovornnrp .irPtlfllp. ' "' wished yu to concede was a vital part of dred andyoung. They and gome of the roads in vou know, believes that "multiplication is fifty miles, I reliigion. your that new are not the best in the vexation", but evidently the Mormon is doing am sure you will be world. Thecountry And dear I now, Aunt, his best to multiply and replenish the waste courtesy of the brethren, who winded letter, but as I did this of tired long drove, the generous hospitality of the sisters, places of the earth, and he believes m having not to your letter sooner reply thought! and the jgracious welcome and kindly greethis 'quiver full of them, and that, too, with would make for remissness my up by sending the full concurrence of the .Leans and the ings of all will never be forgottou. The a r ; epwtle. long Rachels. It was certainly very novel to me to you memory of the exercises of the young will Your affectionate nephew. ever be a pleasing one to all who listened; the hear them style each other brothers and Wji. Thompson. clear bird like voices of the boys, girls and close "sisters"; this implies a very relationship, and the natural inference is that vou feel young ladies seemed inspirational, and the gentle grace .with which the calls were resomething of the same filial affection towards R. S , Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. -- . Mrs. . Mary . Freeze. ns " - " 1 ... are supposed to have, and whatever objections may be urged against your religion this feature of it is certainly worthy of all praise. Again I notice that you have the greatest confidence in the rulers of yonr Church, believing as you do that they are guided in the administration of your affairs by Him who cannot err. Now I am sure if Christians generally could believe as you do m thi3 matter they would not only cease their opposition but gladly enlist them selves in your ranks, but that isf just ffhere they decidedly differ from you, and m fact do not hesitate to brand you as priest ridden and all that sort of thing. Whatever may be the truth in regard to this, however, it is clear to me from the manner in which your rulers: have looked after your temporal interests, that 41 it. i i i i r it.. iuvy are men oi reiunrjs.a.uit; sagacity, xu. me first place they could hardly have. selected a more beautiful spot than Salt Lake and its environs, although in the .light of recent event3 they might have chosen a safer one, but I refer more particularly to the arrangements which are made to meet the requirements of the emigrant, be he. poor or otherwise, "who perhaps from a distantjand" and speaking a different language comes for the first time to your little Zion,as apart from the substantial assistance he may derive from your admirable tithing regulations.he receives whairto him is of inesti-able value the from men - m very-best-ad- vice sponded to, especially considering they had not been notified, gives the result of training WEST SIDE CACHE VALLEY. of Sabbath schools, Primaries arid other organizations, and places them above praise. Editor Exponent: The teaching of the visiting sisters was reconferThere a was district ceived with attention and gratitude; but there Dear Sister: ence oi the rrimanes oi uiarKston, mewton is a dark side to the picture, viz., the warfare and Trenton held at this place May 22nd, 1886. made upon us by our enemies. Three of our We were favored with the presence and good brethren left Mink Creek on the same morn- counsel of Sisters Molen and- Burton of the ing we did, to go to Blackfoot to receive sentence for keeping the laws of God; other Presidency of the Primaries, also Sister Adeline Barber, President of tie Relief Society went from Franklin, and though their hearts of this Stake, and Sister Hopukina, from the must have been torn and bleeding, they Sandwich Islands! Meeting opened with eing- - parted with wive3 and little ones with a fortirrayer oy John tude born of minds in which God reigns. , ids, "ljeautiiul Lion. Jardine. Singing, "We want to see the TemSome of the traveling sisters were also . ' ple." "Coun. Sarahu Shumway asked the quespassing through the fire, and were therefore tions from the Bible question book, which well prepared to give sympathy and kind were answered in a very creditable manner. words of counsel and consolation. Still anRecitation, Sarah Stewart, of the Clarkston other sad case was witnessed by them of a girl-wifwhose condition calls forth the sorrowing Primary; Bong, Ann Funk, of the Newton to back Mother." me Home and "Take Primary, sympathy of all who look upon her sweet sad Sister Hopukina spoke a short time in her na- face. Through the gross usage she received at tive language! Adam Godfrey of Clarkston Blackfoot, and the imprisonmi nt of her husreci ted verses from the Testament; Mary Bar band her reason has been entirely dethroned. ker of Newton recited verses from the TestaHe, after six months absence, returneS to find and Minnie ment; Song, Martha Rigby Funk, her in this pitiable condition. When the of Newton; Dialogue, Olive Beck and Minnie L$rd comes out of his hiding place to take I'uuk, of .Newton, Prest. Elizabeth Gnmn vengeance on the wicked,whowould wish to be a reported the Primary of Newton to be in good U. S. Judge? On Sunday, the 23rd, Mrs. Presendia KimSong, Eliza Barson, working condition. Sylvia Thompson and Agness Shu m way, of ballMrs. Zina Young and Mrg. Zma Y - e, , - 