WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164 h'iK'iffi'liiriF'u .,.5' " eountrv thr" be obeyed or the seems to us, w " r u I --S" N higherenlightenment, and unbounded protection penalty submitted to, because it has been voted .. to the weaker sex.;. . -:upon by hemajority of those who are empowered The propositionipf. Senator Edmunds to tfis for the people, and the masses of the people EMMELlSE' "13. WELLS, Editor, who know comparatively nothing of the "Mor franchise, the women of Utah Territory, who have ' been invested with the right of suffrage so many mons" have decided the matter for them, without trf'iJitlt Lake City, Utah. Terms: Published one copy one ye.tr, S2.00; oho copy six months, Si.OO. Ten years is simply an act of despotism unworthy a investigation, on the representation of others, and copies for the price, of nine. . man, and can only be aimed at the mere trifle of popular sentiment. Ad vertLinr rates; Eiieh square,. of nonpareil We arc constantly being told that "the political power he would, selfishly wrest from pace, one time, 82.50; "per month, 83.00. A liberal discount I millions of people in the United States are deterthose who have been accused of no offense even to regular advertisers.- mined to blot out polygamy." Would that the J against the Edmunds law; but he hopes perchance Exponent office. No. 2 .E., South Temple Street, second gate east of Deseret News Office."" Business hours from 1) n.ra millions of people who are so unrelenting- by thus robbing a few defenseless women to throw to 5 p.m, every day, except Sunday. .. e to a abolish "plul-thbalance of the vote in favor of his own party. ly arrayed against a mere handful Address all business communications, to "" It is not sufficient punishment for this wronged rality of wives, would enforce some measure to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, : secure life, liberty a"nd property and protect virtue, to disfranchise all plural and -persecuted -people, : Salt Lake City. Utah.' innocence and the honor of this great people from wives, imprison and banish from theirjiomes and the insidious ravages that are eating away the firesides, the husbands of innocent women, and Salt Lake Citv, April i, 1886, life of the nation, destroyingthe purity of the the fathers of helples little ones, leaving many very "and and desolated hearths, andfillingthe land with mournyoung sapping undermining the founda LETTER TO THE SISTERS AT HOM E7 ' tions of all that is noblest, and best in the struc ing, but Senator Edmunds proposesto add insult ture of modern society. The proof is apparent to injury and to disfranchise those who are ac TO . THE WOMEN OF UTAH, IN MASS MEETING cused of no crime whatever. He would rob them everywhere, that there is- a mighty work to do in ASSEMBLED, MARCH 6TH, 1 886. the world outside of Utah, and it is not confined of a vested right, either forparty purposes, or beto New England, or New York,. Philadelphia or cause of religious belief, making the blow general, Mrs. President and Ladies: to Mormon andWashington. alike, in order to from absent momenon midst this The women fair this of land Though are menaced with your hide his real motive. ... e tous occasion, Lam with you in heart and feeling. r ti t it far dreadful more and nearer home something Would I were with you, though it is in trying to than a pJurality of wives,, atfd there is not a day, if you in indignantly protesting against all the benefit our common cause, and not from choice, one observes outside her own immediate home,no, cruelties and wrongs perpetrated upon the people that 1 am still away. Ye are my people, and I can not an hour, that the sensitive heart is not pained of Utah in the name of, and under the sanction of with the wrongs and the sorrows of women and say as Rutflto Naomi, "Whither thougoest I will aw; and join heart and hand with you in appeal children. go, and where thou lodgest I will lodge; thy peoing to our countrywomen, who value the sanctity ple shall be my people, and thy God my God.'' That greater liberty has been given to women in of home, and the sacredness of family ties, to as1 our Chnrch than elsewhere is indeed true; that rejoice in the demonstration you are making sist us in maintaining our rights under the Con- in protesting against indignities, cruelties more equality of sex prevails is undeniable; that jtitution,andalso memorializing the President and and grievous wrongs. It is the duty of every men and women have always voted equally upon Congress of the United States, entreating them citizen of the United States to stand boldly forth all ecclesiastical matters is a well known fact, and to grant an impartial administration of the laws, in defense of freedom, justice and the rights of the utmost treedom of speech has been the right and to examine into the proceedings of courts and the owe this loyalty to their and privilege of women in the Church from the conscience; people juries, and take into careful consideration our first. That all this has been elevating in its tencountry, and to this free government established present circumstances, and prospects in the near uby the people and for the people." dency, and educational to women every careful future, and perchance they may ascertain that If the women of Utah did not publicly protest observer must readily perceive. The aim and ineven "Mormon" women have some rights that the against the indignities and insults that are almost fluence of our institutions has been to lift woman country is bound to respect, and that as rational daily being ottered to their sister women, under up to a higher standard of thought and intelligence, beings they are entitled to the protection of the pretense of carrying out the provisions of the Edto protect and guard virtue, to self-relpromote government under which they live, which guran-tee- s munds law, they would be unworthy the name they ance,' and individual development; and it is a to all the rights of conscience. bear, "the women ofZion," and the religion they principle of our religion to teach our eirls as well Faithfully yours, have espoused, the Gospel. of. Jesus Christ, which as our boys and to instruct our Emmeline B. Wells. gives freedom to all mankind, both Jew and Gen111. boys, as well as our girk, that virtue and chastity Chicago, tile, bond and free. are just as essential in man as in woman. Our honored forefathers fought for the freedom in common with you I protest most solemnly .of this goodly land, and our noble.ancestors, the and CORRESPONDENCE. emphatically against the harsh and cruel Pilgrim band,left home, kindred and the graves of measures now being enforced upon our people. their dead, and their native country, to find a Hotel Brunswickansas, Mo., and our women and young mothers,who place especially ' of refuge in which to worshipGod March, 15th, 1886. according to the ume 10 time insulted, and every fine feel ncirum dictates of their own consciences, enduring the Mrs. M. H. Whitney: ing of their nature abused, their delicacy and sen perils of the mighty deep then unexplored, and of n sihilirv urn mA ,.wuuu,u oim uy men w no are uuwugcu u" the wilderness, where savage Indians and beasts My Dear Sister Helen have been to Nauvoo, coarse and cruel; who show no true for respect have seen your old home, in fact have gone over of prey had roamed unmolested from time imme- .. L J no -lor the uinanuoou, sacredness of regard even to the observatory on the top. The Gerit, inorial. And when oppressed and tyrranized over motherhood. And with you I appeal to the Presi man people who .live in it, have kept it in good by unjust men and taxed without representation by dent and Congress of the United States for pro the nation that had refused to them the right to tection from these repair, and are rather proud of the fame of its insults and wrongs to woman. 1 former possessor,! think. The eldestson, mother worship God in the way that seemed to them the auu wouiu.11.ueseecn and. entreat them for that com and daughter have died within a short time, and best they resisted it even to the imperiling of mon respect and justice to young women and their lives in that great contest of which we are the eldest one left at home to take charge is very mothers which the Judges and Courts of the Terri. all so justly proud the war of the Revolution. sorrowful. They have remodled the east wing tory refuse in every instance togrant,though know- You know its history, and. the blood of those imvery much, and in fact consider it entirely new., nig, asmey must know, how they violate the most mortalized heroes flows in the veins of hundreds barns and The are all well kept. sacrecr rights and privileges reserved to woman in Latter-daof the Saints. is about as well preserved," Brigham's house, too, all civilized countries, whatever her condition or You know, too, the sentiments embodied in and it also has had one ' that wing, the west one, altered. station in life may be. I instrument had very peculiar feelings in going over these glorious the "Declaration of IndependAnd with you I protest enthe few ence," given by inspiration of God. And shall against and other remaining places of the former weot maintain our rights under the Constitution forcement of any section . of a bill, , before greatness and prosperity of Nauvoo. As I walked it has been made a taw we are proud to honor, and in according to the those streets, my heart cried out within me, as it accordance with its form and regular order of which the government provisions, give to every individual freedom were, for the poor, oppressed and and C J also t r ivArtL against unjust Judges and their w u.a.H uuu as nis neart dictates? And driven from their homes and compelled to leave have who pervert and we not the right when it the law misinterpret and at all hazards rightful inheritances, and indeed expressly declares and usurp power and authority that Congress and' the all the definitely states that, "Congress shall make no comforts of life, plunging into the wilder Courts have not ytu conferred law respecting an 'establishment of them. upon Com. ness . unknown, and unexplored, without the very! . religion noli n rr --i lrrt .prohibiting the7free -- exercise thereof?" -- Yefthe aV",,c w.ie"- - against her husband -necessities mob ? jorr support. is contrary to law, and to the Congress of the United States has passed such established and what effort was ever made to right these custom a that in. all ages, and in all law and theSupreme Court of the land has decivilized wrongs? None whatever. countries, and to threaten with pains and clared itconstitutional. Thst 1,,.,- u. There are people living ic Nauvoo nuru ana penalties plen for refusing to comply with such a requisition i a ty of them, that can testify to these things, havc Womb wit Ex pone thine-unhear- m to-a- ct ' semi-monthl- - ten-line- -- fifty-five e fifty-fiv- -- "" " . , - non-Morm- on . '. to-da- 1 1 y " i self-protectio- n, T , - 11 :I 1 " -- . 1 . 1 . - y out-hous- es , , down-trodde- C 1 n, f rs, .- r ! -- a. - . What-cared-t- he has-obtain- ed to-da- y, 