181 OPINIONS OF A GENTILE -igious fu nd the nousenicn cnarge gathered in strict, voluntary obedience to the has been referred to the judiciary '" comON THE EDMtrKDS BILL." divine law of. tithing, as given by Moses: mittee. In the senate the memorial was allowed Consecrated by 'the sweat and .tears and prayto lie on the table, and appeared in full in ers of the fanatics who, earned and gave it for The Record of April 7." To the Editor of the Evening Post: the purpose of "gathering the faithful to " "Having presented your memorial, what do Sir: Your editorial of Saturdar-eveninZion." n Bill that has just passed on the The Constitution says: 'Congress shall make "you propose to dp furthur in the matter?" "We shall do all in our power to correct the Senate, evinces the fact, that you are not no law respecting an establishment of religion. -are aany tneevitanu Eensationar-reportstn- ai the or prohibiting the" free exercise thereof.1'; . mam disseminated mm m being among the people of the confiscation of a religious community s proper, In is bill proposes to violate both ends ot this east from the pulpit and by the press. We ty because some of its members are alleged Constitutional prohibition. It not only proe books an d pa ni ph Ietsw.h ich wejy i 1 criminals. of Mor- - Jbaye join poses to "prohibit-th- e to and we invite in The proposition to put fourteen United monism, but to "establish," and ad- - gladly give andinquirers, regulate are quesvestigation, ready to answer States officials into a religious corporation, ' minister the ism." s tions." against thirteenjbonest fanaticsr avowedly to The Supreme Court will' hardly say that ' ... outvote the representatives of - the rightful money which is always and is the condition of affairs in Utah "What orthodeverywhere owners of the property, and thereby to steal, in oxvoluntarily-gathered according to' the that compel you to make this protect?" the name of the United btates Government, Mosaical law of tithing for religious uses, is , "The Edmunds law, which was passed in subtsance that belongs to the Mormon com the constitutional sense. said Drr Ferguson," "witha "vie wbf 1882," ' munity as justly as Trinity Church belongs to 1 i If this goes through, and the Supreme the Protestant Episcopal Church, seems a cum Court sustains its constitutionality! what is to ias been the . means of inflictincr much suffer- brous and expensive mode of robbery. hinder the Romanists of New York from gotVio nfnnla tchv Art nnf fnma arStliirt rr It differs, however, not in spirit only in its ing to Albany, in solid phalanx, where they inU linnn - .1 ll UlL. modus operandi from the proposition of one could hire cheap legislators enough to assist ministration of officials. will be seen of the leading lights in Massachusetts theology theminx passing a law, giving the State, thus from our memorial we comnlain that vminoand ethics, who - proposed - to set - a wateh for RomanisedKthe funds" to administer the power children are brought into court and plied with William Penn and his that they of Trinity Church corporation which is no indecent questions; tender women in delicate might be captured, before landing, their sub more genuinelyreligious, nor. honest, in its health are asked impertinent aud insulting stance taken, and their persons enslaved. The holy purposes, than is the Mormon emigration, questions in court,- and many; of our leading e early New England saint thought it sufficient fund in the interest State, by Roman men and priests of Mormonism are driven into ly stimulating to the enterprise of his Priests, appointed by a Romanised Governor? hiding by the exactions of the officials. The to point out the fact that the pestilent Quakers What Rome could do - in New. York and juries are composed of men known to be an-- " were rich, especially their leader," and that Louisiana, Methodit-isand Baptist-iscould tagonistic to Mormonism, and no Mormon is their substance" should be laid hold of for the do in many of the other States. x permitted to sit upon juries. The men and use and benefit of the orthodox. He did not S. Ballard Dunn. women living in polygamous marriage have propose to limit the expedition to a bare ma Hotel St. George, Brooklyn, N. Y. been disenfranchised, but monogamous Morjority, in order to accomplish the robbery; nor mons, men and womn, still vote. It is not did he propose to make the thieves salaried true that the women vote at the dictation of officers of the Commonwealth; but he did pro- MORMON WOMEN. Mormon officials. The ballot is secret and no : 1 : pose that the Commonwealth should stand by i. uuo iuna itu y meaus 'e ftuuHiuir ui uuh nuumer Z and protect them by their great moral worth It is known to comparatively GenVile in votes. continued The Utah," ring ! ,1 i ,l and godly influence. is a commission ot mormon pernaps, tnartnere m wwwu v 41V Political and ethical evolution have wrought .women from UtaEln the city. They seek re iSiit ftfrflinnf nnTvrrnmv linofifntlnfr mnttera'antl' -- - -t- oi J fo J b '"""fc their refinements since the days of which 1 dress tor wrongs in the names of over 2,000 111 auversu icgusmiiuu urucr iur uauvijjg have spoken, and Mr. Edmunds, a New Eng 1 ladies who assembled at Salt Lake City in il. i .fl?.:X' f iL.iiv gci j land saint, adiusted to the environment of mass meeting iviarcn o, j.000, representing the their control. The electory under modern hypocrisy, proposes to rob a whole wives, mothers, sisters and daughters of the tive and territorial , offices are now all held 1 .1 1 TV I i .& community because some of its members are wnoie representative territory. ttepuoiican alleged to be guilty of "lascivious cohabita-tion;"- a met the commission by appointment at the enfranchising monogamous Mormons, although thing that he knows is common through headquarters on Grant place yesterday after greatly in the minority, they would manipuout the United btates, yea, in his own town, noon and confronted four agreea late territorial affairs, to suit themselves. All his own State, and in an aggravated form, in ble and intelligent women. Mrs. Emeline B. we can do to foil the political conspirators is , the great capital, where a strict enforcement Wells, the editor of the Woman's Exponent, to enlighten'public sentiment on all that perof the law would place , some of those who published at Salt Lake City, tains to Mormons and Mormonism." seemed by common consent to be the chairman. helped to make it, behind the bars. In reply to n question as to what made .the Should the House pass this bill, and it beMrs. Wells is the plural wife of Gen. D. H. Church of the Latter-daSaints so fascinating come a law, its reactive influence will be so Wells, who was counsel to Brigham Young. to women, Mrs. Wells resumed. "We feel that great and rapid that in the near future the Mrs. Wells was born a Puritan in Massathe doctrines are the truth, and feel like clingMormons will have to be enumerated by milchusetts, but was converted with her mother lions, instead of by hundreds of thousands, as and went to Nauvoo, 111., in 1884, and was ing to them at any sacrifice. I know there is at present. married in Salt Lake City in 1852. Dr. more liberty for women in the Mormon Church Ellen B. Ferguson was born at Cambridge, than in any other in the world. The women Legislation so palpably unjust, unconstitutional and tyrannous, is sure to defeat the subquestions, but Eng.; was married in London, and came to vote not only upon all political upon religious tenets as well. We believe in ject aimed at, and raise up friends and support- - this country in 1875, in consequence of em and future' state of progression ors of the persecuted. bracing the Mormon faith in Illinois. Her aand the discipline of plural marriage is a cor To pass a law that would compel the public husband died in 1880, and both were Mormons, registration of all marriages in Utah, and but were never in polygamy. Mrs. Emily S. rective to supreme selfishness. The great wrong other Territories, so that the Mormon Richards and Mrs. Josephine West were born congress is doing m enforcing the Edmunds celestial marriages could not be kept secret. in the Mormon church of parents who lived law is the breaking up of families: the ruin of and thus facilitate the trial and convictionof in polygamy. They were young women, have hearts and homes, and disgracing the women those guilty of an indictable offence, wouldbe each been married several years, and have had and making their children outcasts. the work of statesmen, But to enact thisjin-famou- s numerous children, and Mis. West has an in"Mormons believe that a man can love more loose would which turn her." measure, than one woman just as a mother's love is not upon fant with an honest, industrious, religious community a In answer to a question concerning their confined to one child," said Mrs. Richards. band of legalized, salaried robbers, would be mission to the capital, Mrs. Wells said: 'My husband and I talked the matter all over modern the cause something that ought to "(Jur mission to Washington at this present before marriage. We both came from parents Turk t6, hang his head in guilty shame. time is to present memorials which we brought who lived in polygamy, but we were the chilFurthermore: If this Dill should become a ourselves, being properly accredited, for the dren of the first wives, and no 'Mormon law, it will give the Supreme Court a finer job President, the senate, and the house. The youth would marry a girl who was not a good of g and "outside work to establish first was delivered to the .Chief Magistrate on Mormon in all that the word implies. We its constitutionality, than did the Reynolds' April 3, when we had an interview with him; were born and brought up in the church, and decase, under the Cullom-Polan- d which that to the senate was presented by Mr. Blair when we arrived at vears of responsibility we law; cision was confessedly 'outside of the Constituon the 6th. He was selected because he adopted the faith a3 our own. We have seen tion.'" . voted against the Edmunds bill, and is besides the power' given the saints; that the Lord The "perpetual emigration fund," the oba woman's suffragist, and Long, of prospered them in temporal things as Well as jective point of this legislation, is, in the Massachusetts, who is a suffragist also, had in spiritual things." nclestxcclesiastical-sensera-'re- l , -.zr, g: . , Anti-Mormo- ready-tcoimtenance-A-- that-looks-- Iaw to I a I a 1 ... -fr- ee-exercise" . v ; . not-religion'- -in j-:- 1 l...t. 1 1 s - of-th- co-sain- ts, m m . 1 few-peopl- e, 1 m-- ' 1 .il ' 1 well-favore- semi-monthl- ' d y . y pre-existen- so-cal- le , hair-splittin- ex-Go- v. ce . 