WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ANNIVERSARY OF PIONEER DAY . 'or day. Many a man and his family have gone in poverty through a long worrying life on account of thib bad habit. r Your Aunt Jerusalem ha3 done ..as much labor since I knew.her in hunting for things as all her other labor, and .the worry has been worse than the work. I trust your mother has "educated you in regard to this... It is a $5,000 fortune toeach of you to start life with. I want you boys, to appreciate your chances in life and ho proud of them. If you reach twenty-on- e years with thoroughly good habits, with such morals as please God, you are rich ' even if you don't own a dollar. Ranch men are often wicked the last men who ought to be so God could send them a thousand dollar colt as easy as a twenty-fivdollar one. My great desire is that my boys may please God, and have iiis help in the earth. Never do thing-yo- u think to be don't If wrong. you exactly know, don't do it. So will you give your conscience, or the: Spirit of God encouragement, and cherish it to continue its help to you. Recollect that you are children of God, literally, possessing in IN THE COUNTRY. . was nleai The twentyr fourth of Julv.1886 l V' the celebrated of the Teasdale by people antly was Deautiruliy Y arune;-ineptmg-iious- e AannratpA - with Jmr.inrps nnH mnffXp nnd witK V1VVA wttuvkjj UUU II 11 H ' 0yer the stand was the prpqpraph of the late President Brigbam Young, and on either side were and St. arranged the pictures of the Salt Lake " George Temples. An arch of vegetables, fruits and flowers was placed . beneath the pictures with these words inscribed: "We to, celebrate the anniverary have met. the the of pioneers, with President IfouDg day at the head, first entered Salt Lake Valley.. For thirty-nin- e years God. has blest and pros- pered ni3 people m these valleys. Let none forget to praise His high and holy name." Salutes were fired at day break by Captain Lewis Adams and 'company. The flags-thglorious stars and stripes, were raised at sunrise and floated gracefully on the air. ,;.;Ai iu a.m.tne people. assembled at the meeting house to celebrate a day that will ever live in the hearts of the people of .Utah. The choir sang, "Hark ! listen, to the trumpeters," etc. Prayer was offered by the Chaplain. Choir sang, "Q my Father, Thou that dwellest," etc. -- The programme was then read by the Marshal, David C. Adams, and was rendered as follows: Interesting remarks by the orator of the day, F. F. Noyes. Mfca Mary E. Stewart. ' Bishop George Coleman and others. Recitations, songs, toasts, etc., were then rendered, giving credit to all those who took part in them. ..The choir then sang, "Hark! ye mortals. Hist! be still. Benediction by the Chaplain. - 1 . - to-da- y -- ; e : e bounteous repast partaken of, and all enjoyed the feast. At 3 p.m. dancing commenced for the children, and at 7 p.m. dancing for the adults. All retired with joyful hearts for the ' peace enjoyed.' Everything looks prosperous here, and the people are Tejoicingver the bounteous harvest uw.ai, iisuu. rayiugioriae success oi your valuable paper, I remain, ; . Your sister in the cause of truth," Zelmia. LETTER '. . , "FROM A FATITER TO 'UI8 TWO SONS, TIIIK-- . TEEN AND FIFTEEN YEARS OLD, ' BORN IN POLYGAMY. My Dear Boys: - - ' '.' - I am truly thankful for the kind letters you have sent me, and should have answered them before' but father has seemed to have had every minute jof bis time occupied. I get no Vlf1r frnm onr nna Knt ttaiif vnimrfl KrnjKnw ' J J """feJ y ana he. has not been strong for. two weeks past. I much wish he was with you a while. I am pleased-to- ' hear so good an account of you from your mother; it is more to father to hear that you are good boys', th an to hear you owned 'all the horses and cattle in Idaho or Utah. trust you are sample boys the truth, not using bad language, and for, - I "'""'1 for-tellin- g kind, respectful pbedience - to, your mother. You know a person ever builds a good house to stand firm unless he puts a good, foundation in to start on. ' You boys are laying your foundations now; every day, and are forming habit3 that will bring prosperity or misfortune a3 long a3you live a person, for instance, if a story teller, it hurts him for his- whole life, or he gets the habit of dropping his tyols just where he 1se3 them, instead of having a place where he puts them when he has done using them, and know-lD- g just where to put his hand upon them night . ; was onerea oy tne Ulshop. miniature every attribute that is in Him,every thing to enable you to'becdme like Him. Let your first highest ambition be to please Him and develop-thesattributes by works of honor and righteousness. Recollect, this world' and all in it are His, that of yourselves you cannot even create' a thought, and let humility, and not pride, characterise your intercourse with all people. The cheek, so glaringly the capital of many men and women of this age, can never push one's fortune to such "solid and sure fruition as God's blessing on the humble and contrite spirit. ; From the reading of this letter resolve to cherish, comfort and;be obedient to your mother, cheerfully, as a pleasure, as reflecting more honor and blessing on vou than her; do this and I promise you prosperity in the earth. Be "honor bright" to all your playmates; let them feel that when "HaUie7 and Hebe"" give their word it is as good as so much gold in hand. Be saving, pains taking, and seek in your young years for the gift of salvation to dwell in you as a gift, not only for. yourselves, but lor your associates, tnatenngnteneu oy it, your eyes may see, and your ears hear evil before it strikes you. lie slow to destroy anything; - teach your souls to save and build. up; in every prayer .you. make ask God for wi?dom; never fail to offer thanks and show gratitude for the good you 'have; bear 'niuch before you com- plain even a iiitie; never cnensn a, complaining spirit; always, everywhere in 4ife, if you open your hearts to look at the world as it is, you will see that you have very much to be thankful for. My dear boys, I did not think to write you so long a letter, but I trust it will find place in your souls; ana tnat wnen we are permitted to meet again I shall have great joy. Your affectionate father. ' July 4th, 188G. e REORGANIZATION, " On Wednesday. Au crust 18th, a special meet ing of the Relief Society of Big Cottonwood Ward wa3 held in the Ward meeting house, commencing at 10 a. m., Airs. iMizabeth Howsession was de- ard presiding.t The morning i i .i... voted to speaKing ana giving geuunu insirc-tioPrayer was offered by Sister E. Boyes; brief addresses were made by Sisters E. B. Wells, E. S- - Taylor, H. M, Whitney, M. Isabella Home and Elizabeth Howard. Benediction was pronounced, by Si?ter Annette Chrii-tensoAt the afternoon session, Bishop D. B. Brinton and Counselor Milo H. Andrus and several others were presenf. Mrs. M. I. Home, President of the Relief Society of Salt . f- - . ? n. . -- n. The first business was the resignation of the President, Mrs. E. Howard, who stated" that her reasons for resigning the position were, that other cares and ' w wreaths and bouquets of flowers. Lake Stake, presided over the meeting. Prayer . A -- 55 ; duties required her attention, and kept her absent a considerable portion of her time, and she felt it was not consistent for her to occupy a place, which had necessarily; to bo filled almost wholly" by one of her counselors, and contherefjre she wished to resign; she-hasulted with the Bishop, who in consideration of the circumstances had consented to accept her resignation. Her resignation was then formally accepted by the society, evidently with regret. The Bishop nominated Mrs. Emily Stevenson to fill the vacancy. Mrs. Elizabeth Boyes and Mrs. Mary Anderson were chosen as her coun- : ; TIC CU IT seiurs; lnra. jiauuan ocevenson was appointed secretary and Mrs. Elizabeth Andrus treasurer. This completed the organization, a'nd all the officers were sustained by unanimous vote; after which the former members of the Society were voted iu, and several new members camo forward and had their nam enrolled and d 1 - . . his Counselor and Elder, Quist, set the : Presi dent and other olhcers apart for the respective office each had been called to fill. Very timely and encouraging remarks, were made by the : r j it? l i seemea1- to tue appreciate jinop,.wuo iuuy lahoTH of thft Risfprs in thft Wr Siu'foKla instruction and motherly advico was also given bv President Hnrnft wlm haA ' fiauitn ihaBishop in organizing, also by her Counselor, . 1 - - -- f-- ir -- . E.S.Taylor., V ; Brief remarks were made by the new - . Presi- dent and an appointment given out for the regular meeting, after which Counselor Milo H. Andrus spoke Tor a short time, touching ers. Singing, Lord dismiss U3- with Thy blessing," etc. Prayer by Mrs. E. B. Wells. - Th "out and. a good reeling prevailed. ATLANTIC v . v MONTHLY FOR WOMAN SUFFRAGE. ; The SeptemberUtftf'c contains a sweeping indictment of "The Saloon in Politics," by George Frederic Parsons. Ho asserts that "the saloon has abolished party politics in our , auu umi in every such iaigcoi, viiiu-local the city government is vested iu neither is in but the hand of the saloon itself. party, Nominally, the govermment may be Demo-uiivuu ur uepuunciiu, out actually it is in com mission by a band of venal politicians who have no convictions or principles, who trade and swap opportunities for plunder with each other who act as agents for the party leaders, but who acknowledge "' " ' allegiance " only to the saloon." Our political situation is defined to be a io-aa- y -- so-calle- d which absorbs , 8,000 wholesale liquor-dealerto nine hundred million annually from seven dollars. These ' saloons, it is said, "have fastened on us a shameful corruption, have J, s, brutalized every institution, and have perverted and spoiled" theTllemocratic system." The sole remedy is declared to be the extension of suffrage to women. Mr. Parsons adds: "Many' men of sound canacitv have 'won.' (IotpA whv t.htt irln nf wnniiin ciHfroA .uuiut u(w UUU " j made more progress in , this country; The usual explanation has been that the measure is incomi)atible with 'practical nolitics ' atuI a variety of minor obiectioua Jiave bppn raiipd as that women 'know nothing of public ques-tion- s that they are 'wanting in uwnen .' and 0 forth. When the fearful mess that mpn nave raaae or pontics is impartially considered it can scarcely be maintained soberly that women, however inexperienced, could do much ' 