WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. "I, 101 not .yet able to- - ch are fond of tools, while- they-ar- e cifully do ait "thirds that dieth in rmr nnw.-.- r V ,. use them. and then mav we si ami still w;w ti,. r. r ...... Time and experience, however, is theonly safe .surance, the salvation of God, and for his arm to be revealed. Remedy against suehr evils! There, "arenany ,., , - -- -- hand of oppression; - (k:th. to-se- .teachers, buLpcrbapsnQtmaii are times coming : when God will signify many: ' of things which" areexpedlent fjgr the' times the but have riot the Saints.; yet come, but will come, as fast as there can be found place ' and receptions for inem;-- -,;, ' we41-)ein- g : , And again we would suggest 'for your consideration the propriety of all the Saints gathering up a knowledge : of all - the, facts - and suffering .put upon them by the people of this State ; and also of all the property, and amount of damages which they Tiave sustained, both of character and personal injuries, as well as real -property.; and also the names of all pwsons- thaf- have had a hand "in their oppressions as far as they can get hold of them and hud them out; and perhaps a committee can be appointed to find out these things, and to take statements. and also to gather., up ..the libelous publications ' thatare afloat, and all that jire inHhp magazines, and in the encyclopedias, and all the libehcrus his- -" ' tories that are published, afl'd are writing, and by whom, and present the .whole concatenation of diabolical rascality, and nefarious and murderous e, impositions that have been praiHrsYd upou thiVpeo-pithat we may not only publish to all the world, but present them to the heads of government in all their dark "and. hellish- which is enjoined on us .by our Heavenly Father, before we can fully and completely claim that promise wlych shall call him forth "from his hiding place, and also the whole nation may be left with out excuse before he can send forth the power of ami-abuse- s' - .' and-affidavit- ' but we will hold c n until j We say that'God is true; that the Constitution nf th TIniftvl fttVitpn- - ii ilit th. k'dhlfl is -- - .... " - . .' I I ' "."...."7 ,1 ; nf uauus Book of .Covenants vJSaiJu.luiuu ui true Christ istr)le; orjconipanies jare bv covenant or .oam'v by penalties or secrecies ; that the ministering angels sent-fort.frrim God but let the time past of our sutler-and and" that we know that we have an house experience ' are true, ings bythe wickedness of Doctor-Avarnot made with hands eternal in theheave,ns,whos'e sutnce, and let our. covenant be that of the builcler and maker is; God : a consola'tilon which Everlasting '. Covenant, as is contained in the .our oppressorscannot feel, when fortune," or fate holy writ, and thb things that "God hath revealed Vunto us. Pure its iron hand; on them as it :'Ws on us. : fr i en dshi p al ways'be ccun e s weakened," theTve r f. shall'lay Now, we ask, what is man ? RememlWfbrethren, moment you undertake , 'to make it that time and chance happenetff to all men. ;.. stronger by pen al oaths and secresy; We shall continueour reflections in our next. ' Your humble servant or servants, intend from We subscribe, ourselves, your sin.Ure friends henceforth to dJsapprobate eveTj thing truU isnpF and brethren injhe bonds of the eye f lasting gos- -; in accordance uith the fullness of ahejgosjelf-Jesu- ': pel; pi ispmrydf Jesu.- : C hiist fo r tb ake of .jhe ' 'and Chrisf 'V iinof of a hold, and fr.inkr"and.' ...gospel and the Saints. ' their-peac.will upright na'tu'reThey. not hold as. We pronounce Jlie bte's'sing' of l.jeavejj upon the in times past "when they see iniquity beginning to ISaints who seek; to serve 'God' Jvith undivided rear its head, Jor fear.v of traitors-- , or the conseIseurts, in the name. of Jesus Christ. Amen. ,t quences that shall follow by reproving jthose who jr., JosrnrMiTii, " tTFeep i n "unawares,"' tliiit they may 'sbme'thing' Hy-rOSmith, de stray tire- - Hue k7 Ve; - be ieve ThaTThe Tx pefT-"-en; ; of the Saints in times past has been suffici; Galeh Baldwin, ' ent that they will from henceforth be always ready" : McRae."' ' to obey the truth without having men's pers'ons in Dcserct Axs, Feb. 2d, iSf 4" admiration because of advantage. It is expedient-tha- t Oriet'V nf 1ir .y v 1 -a nrmnn-iilnr- . -- I - ' ..- d ' . - ' . . -- ,,:Hight?.-- ce ; Alkxi'JV ' we should be aware of such things; and we M BETING. SEMI-MONTHL- ought always to be aware of those prejudices which sometimes so strangely presented and are so congenial to.,, human nature, against our friends, neighbors and brethren of the meetijJfV held AuguH' 2Lst, AlUr singing, world, who choose to differ with us in opinion and Prest. M. I. Home in matters of faith. Our religion is between us prayer wai offered by Oouu.'Jlizabeth Howard, and our God. Their religion is .between them Cwitinued by singing, after which The minutes of previous meeting were read and and their God. his mighty-arm,also mimite-b- ' f Y . ET" Mr Ii.7ofi: There is a tie fronr God that should be exer - -It is an imperious duty that, we owe to God, to cised towards those of our faith, who walk up- - approved; ' i angels, with whom "we shall be brought to stand, ICth Ward which is peculiar, to itself but it is with h rightly, and also to ourselves, to our wives and children Prest. Horn e, in her opening rcniarks, obout prejudice, but gives scope to the mind which who have been made to bow down with grief, sor served that tills wa a time M'heirwo ought enables us to conduct ourselves with greater lib row and care, under the most damning hand of specially-unite- d. Compared the P.P. towards all others that are - not of our faith erality n nd n"oth e r7 aya oppress Ithanlw hat t h eyye xerefs own fd wtjl ve so inetimt-: Lo rd h ad f o ran ke n t fatui, a s "of the influence and that on, urged spirit upheld by These principles approximate nearer to the mind think lie has forsaken u?. jGod lias designed- which hath so strongly riveted the" creeds of the because it is like God, of godlike. lineio be drawn Itwetii this; people" fathers, who have inherited lies uporuthe .hearts Here is a principle also which we are bound to dividing to separate the clean "Irom thc unchan; had l of the children, and filled the world with confusion be exercisedvAvith, that is inxommon with all men,J heard Prest. Young kjv that if he did not reand has been growing stronger and stronger, and such as governmentsand Jaws and regulations in is. now the very main spring of all. corruption, and" prove the people and check them he vould be the civil concerns of life. This 'principle guaranheld responsible. Surely the..Prop-h- t'a words the whole earth groans under the weight of its and and sects all denominations, tees to parties, were being fuifille(l; that the very, air was iniquity. ;, indefeasiand 0f. w classes religion., equal,coherent, filled with evil spirits. - It is an iron yoke, it is a strong Ixmdr tfieV are ble rights ; they are things that pertain to this life ; - Couu. Sarah. M. Kimball had been reading the very hand-cuffand chain's and shackles and the history of ancient days, ainl thought we therefore, all are alike interested; they make our -. fetters of hell. Te;spolibilitesne7toardsnother-irrinatlei-swereimateit T slmilari to wiiat they- - were; ; Therefore it is ari imperious duty That :we owe of corruptible things, while the former principles easily led astnry; the distreihg news of Various not onlyo our own wives and children, but to the do not destroy the latter, but bind us stronger and nations," which she had heard on her return "out" in the mountains, where he. widovand fatherless, whose husbands and make our responsibilicies not only one to another from-he- r Con-had been for several weeks, had shocked .her ; fathers have been murdered under-itiro n hand;1 but unto God also. Hence we say, that the sfitutiou of the United States is a glorious stand greatly. which dark add" bfc'ckening dees are enougfi Prest. Horne made a few remarks .upon faith a to make hell itself shudder, and to stand .aghast ard; it is founded in the wisdom ot God. it is and the-- praence of ths principles which we and pale, and the hands of the very devil tremheavenly banner it is to all those who are privihave embraced- - "We are to be judged by our ble and palsy. And also it is an imperious duty leged witlvthesweets of its liberty, like the cooiand not alone by our faith." works, .that we owe to all the rising generation, and to all ' ng shades and refreshing waters of a great rock Caun. Howard was glad she had the privilege .the pure in heart, which .there are many yet on in.a thirsty'and a earyland. It is like a great of spending a few days in the Logan" the earth among all. sects, parties and denomina-tjons- , tree under whose branches men from every clime Temple. T'lusught if we would .remember the who are Jblinded by the subtle craftiness of. can be shielded from the burning ray's of an in- and put counsel that we receive in ' men whereby they lie in wait to deceiye, and ,onh clement sun. a we be into better people. it mmpi practice,, We, brethren, are deprived of the protection Of kept from the truth because they know not where r. f.sto cimj (in Sfiliwih hrtintinrr- to find it therefore that vve should waste and wear this glorious principle, by the cruelty of the cruel, counseleil the ft liters t(f keep the Sahbalh day j for time the for look who being, those out our lives in- bringing to light all the hidden only' by to reason with their children. Re holy,-anfill to the of beasts the like field, only and pasturage ferred to the' united orderj Utought itwas go-- ' things of darkness, wherein" we Iniow them; well as Mormons the that and forget themselves; are they ing to be "a great trial to thejreTp!e. truly manifest froth. heaven other of those and every as the Presbyterians; Coun. M. W. Snow spoke of her rec;nt visit These should "then "be. attended to with great to have parand class to Idaho, where the had attended the meetings equal rights description, earnestness. Let no man count them as small nationour of tree the of fruits the of the sisters, and found them improving. Had of great things; for there is much which lieth in futurity, Jake we what al.-we see o al Liberty. But notwithstanding vkited the Temple at Logan; said many Pertaining to the "Saints, which 'depends upon what we know and we feel, good things. seeand we feel what these things. You know, brethren, that a very Coun. J3. Y. Smith wished weould . lay we 'know, yet that fruit is no less precious and deJarge ship is benefited very much by a very small asideall our follies and meet together more licious to our taste; we cannot be weaned from the helmm the time of a storm, by being kept workaoften. milk, neither caa we be driven from the breast; ways with the wind and the waves. The Sister Young thought we. had had a feast of of because neither will we deny our religion Therefore, dearly beloved, brethren, let us them-selve- s" ort -- Setui-mouthi- y pr-sidiri- : : - ,' ; - to-b- . el i of-G- s3 s -- bd, - .:. ; , v ; s, - r : s . -- . m-m- - flie-Terhp- le, ... . ; -- rf.m-irlr- a , - d , , . : 