WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Mormon church, whosestatements are as re liable asl'truth, itselfj enunciates the spirit of IQ13 iraucuiae nut iu lucso worue; have often seen one solitary man driving into the city n.-. .1 i .'. WiUIV" wau j uit nuuicu ui- u agcvanui sizes, a WnOie nicy r roine. to the polls and.' their vote would be one Many have voted two. or three times. Men christened their mules, conferring upon them the names of men, and made them' vot also.' I . -- ;. Again and again has it been charged in the public prints of Utah, by. eye witnesses, and unrefuted by the Mormon church, that the genealogies ot. the dead, the unborn, and the deceased naa Deea represented at tne Danot ; box. : : . . , ; . is easy to ste' says Mrs, Stenhouse, (by these meth j' ItMhow has been exerted the. Influence of the priesthood ods) A1iv4 - - for rive ting still more firrn their own fetters." judge imeraon, oi "uian, id iooz, in a test case, said: , regulations upon the subject (elective franchise) must be unlforn. and impartial. Any provisions which should conditions- and-imDOse . r - uDon a particular class of citizens of is not others void. all required requirements AH - Judge Twiss, of the same court, says: . Any construction of the statutes, that would give one class of persons the right of voting upon easier and differ- -' ent terms than those given to. another class would make an inequality m the laws odious' to every tense of justice and Z ' t. i. lf; would be monstrous and an , offense to a government of 'if- - " V ... equal and just laws. a ' - If ing, minor females using the ballot. daughter of anaturalized-(?- the citizenmay vote, ) why not the son? If a minor, girl may vote, why not the boy? Thus it is en that the daughter votes, on the basis of non-tax-payin- g the eligibility ; of the father! Such is .the nature of the statute, under any just construction, void at the beginning. yf$ have seen that the "free and independent State of peseret" had been organized in 1850G During the lifetime-o- f Brigham Young, "r tViA Aarr ennuiaAmrr iYta nmnrnmonf the Territorial legislature, he, in the character of gqvgrnor of Deseret; convened... the same . ; . body 5 iBtte . lettore, and tie business bfilie'toiaie was then and ihere transacted'-1- -' Madame La Tour. p 344. This State legislature sat'in 'judgment on- the acts of the Ter- - ritorial, legislature,; confirming or repealing, as the interests of the Mormon church dictated. This action was, ;final.; Nearly every member of this Territorial or"State" legislature was a Monnon- - High priest, and 'was' the possessor of from two to seven, wives. Brigham Young had nineteen wives and an indefinite list of daughters if TTT , , Such was the power! is that the sustained, easily Thepostulate elective, franchise was never legally conferred upon the women of Utah. They were never enfranchised C.by Federal; Government, or by any branch of it, or by., its representatives. They, werejenfranchised.by a church organization in which the authority , of the Federal Government was' not recognized even aa a factor.. Theywtre eafrajjehised for church ends aloneto make "the church i m'piregn able to outward attack, independent and hostile in law-maki- ng . J' TU civil attituideC Ot ICK'SGC, To recognize' the act is to recognize the te su- church in civil administrationT premacy of As proof we QaitQ the' following from Bishop Lunt; of the. Mormon Church; as published in tKf Ron li'vannisnn Pknninln Our vcltejs sclKl am'd will always remain so. - It will be thrown wbere Jtheiriost good "wUI Jeccbmplisbed for the cb.ujcrj; 'ThjvpJ9?olJUta.nte and they never desert the colors of-- tfu Church:, they, vote for the. tried friends of the church. . can imajfjae the results which wisdom brief abokt,' with the ieaistanoe o( a church orgailtth- b7 tion like. ourst: .some great polUTeiicrjsj$rtie rwo pres-epolitical partle's will bid for our support. Utah will be admitted as a polygamous State, and the - other Territories wr have peacefully subjugated will be admitted also. IVe - wjll then hold the balance of pow errand will dictate to the VVe possess the ability to turn the . political scale ; country! " in any particular community we desire. . .. f the power to retain said franchise. If the "".".vu ut miss iu bucii iUuawtuvui aHempt forceful withdrawal.revolution folio wsr auu au eiruMvu pi representatives, wno win sustain the constituency may be had. Eog A nt lnnrl nnrl s uffrage to new cl asses. '. , This is the real animus of the movement. This theory is madev t in the fact that the eame body of men who passed the act of 1870 legislated away the right of dower an infamous scheme to give the husband the leverage, of power over the first wife. If she refuses to give the husband a second, he in retaliation may will the property to the seeond, or the tenth, And the first wife be left penniless. ' Oh! boasted magnanimity of the Mormon hierarchy touching the civil status of woman! "Oh! Liberty, what deeds are done in thy ' L11.:. uuuuL . is h nr j J self-eviden- AgaiD, the Territories, are : the nation's we may term the btatesthe pendencies, de- - Jou -- . r " .en : . Constitution of the "United States has never hands of women. Herein truth is stranger than fiction! .; ,.The next argument-- of the opponents of : : - rc- If you flisfranchise the women why not disfranchise the ' men? ... , .' . An interrogation i3 not a reason. It is not logic. It is subterfuge in absence of argument. The disfranchisement of the men is hot equally 'Just' The men were enfranchised by National ' in consonance with constitution-- i authority and fii t i i. ai provision, xne women oy an anen cnurcn organization, which renders no allegiance to the Government. Is it political wisdom to dis - :: ' franchise the men? '. The administration of a Kepuplican government isin the hands of the people. The authority must rest somewhere. The responsibility mustr be met by somebody. The question is simply that of the practicability of the dissolution of the . f corrected the abuses of the ballot by requiring registration, oy aenning tne age and date or residence. : f were dlsfranchsed; then the rePolygamist3 estabn8hed-then lations could be the Mormon, conscience repudiated perjury---theh- , evasion could not be ' sustained. The:'. orraous! sent circulars to their - people " declaring Jhat daughters of eligible fathers and .' the first wives and widows of polygamists were entitled to vote. The Commission were compelled .to make definite ruling oh eAch point.'. After the test of years it is found thit the' cohesion of the Mormou Church has no, invaded by the execution of this, Jaw, nor its spirit of .re sistance to national authority restrained Vhat then? Shall the United States compromise with this quasi so vrereignty under the.'specious .' V. pleabf "vested rights." is The frahchi8e first a privilege conferred. It hecoihea a "right" by possession. "It cannot be taken away, except by revolution." This is a truism in political science' under.gen-era- l conditions. J The parties ' enfranchised, noiumg tnwiiH ipetoieve,Dy war otrja oaiiot, J has Dower to reoeal its own action within the limits of the: National Constitution The .The legislative power of said Territory- shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislatie-- consistent with the Con stitution of the United States and the provisions of this act, All the laws passed by the legislative assembly and governor shall be submitted to the Congress of the Uaited States, shall be null and of no effect. and , .1 UW acta rrn- - e - Under these conditions, to construe the re peal of said statute as a violation of ''vested the national Governrights,".is to'subodinate ' Church ment to a corporation. But it is claimed that justice is met in the provision of the jbdmunds bill of looz, which disfranchises : polygamistsl The Edmunds bill, in effect. ! - 1 , UVVUUDV ' W Tit. ir. i a rtrivt . ! tion's children, the Territories are its minors still under subjection. The Territories have no acquired sovereignty. The organic act by which a Territorial gov ernment lor Utah is established is the national character of organization. The powers of the are strictly denned and legisiaitve assemoiy . . 3 n t M ..i i: n jimitea Dy eaiu &ci oection o reads: . w W H This is true in all the States of this Union by virtue of State ' ' ".T ' f sovereignty. A Mtv rmrprnmonf hftwr(r minrhfiL' rrinf CP -next municipal 8unrage- if women ana-in-j legislature could pass a law prohibiting the exercise of the franchise in municipalities. The city's power; hi self government is delegated power. Exactly such is the status of the. Territory. Moreover, if Congress had endorsed the na- Section 5 limits the righfr-ocitizenship to male free white "the inhabitant," and confers the legislative assembly the right of deupon fining the qualifications of voters, "provided, the right Or sunrage shall be exercised only J . by citizens of the United States." ; oif the women Therefore, the enfrarichisemeht in is of the of Utah contravention organic act, and is a repudiation pf national . supremacy. it n as been so interpreted oy Uie highest legal au th ority Of . th e Territory." After the passa ce of theEdmundi bill it was held by the.iuderes or. ine. courts mat registration could be depied women 6n the basis of the invalidity of the Territorial statute. " The Utah v. Commission' were asked to so declare. But while listening 10 ine argument ine vommission declined to w Li ma riffnr.. .. .Q They can ad d to th e to perpetuate itself. ' - . 31 : ". , utan javors buco uibuion oeuino voters are willing to be disfranchised, that civil order may be eivolved out of civi J chaos. The Gentile policy to effect ftich result if that of a legislative commission.-- There is but ane serious argument against it the probable transfer of Mormon- - political representation ; to" adjacent 'TerriUrieSjFerey in such event, the battle must be fought again. The disfranchisement of the women makeV possible the admission ."of a Gentile civil ele ment on an equality with the Mofmon element, gives me ioyai.uenuie.ine civirstatus oi ine' disloyal Mormon. .It' is claimed that this has been accomplished already in the disfranchisement of the. polygamists. I deny it.- Mormonism and polygamy are in collu$ion. Polygamists control the elections. The priesthood select the candidates, and no man is put upon the ticket, either for legislative or municipal dfiici who- is ' fiot ' pledged r to support Athe divifle order." A "scratched" ticket is Unknown. At least Uod polygamous wives are members of 1 - ; r - ryi the Territorial central comrriittee:" ' Said Dr. ' Ellen Ferguson, one 'of the" Mor- mon memorialists, at the theatre meeting ftt; -- which the Congressional memorial was drafted: The ballot in the hands of the Mormon women is a' mighty power, and our enemies know it. .When we raise - our voices to protest, listen. KwiYL be well for the Government to ' " - Wkh this "micrhtv Dower" in local politics. county and municipal officers are entirely Mormon. , . : ;, The Territorial legislature had its first Gen rex r . iu?. jmcuiucr tuis year, aeui iruui x utk vityuuj a bill passed both houses to redistrict the Territory in ..order to avert such calamities ' in '.. . future." r ' , . Laws con trolling municip1 f letiom are ' . ri ' . . , . 