WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12G W rr.. - i vi.T "Woman sifi. t)iA . the fchool board, on which she has already "CKTaKntK W. fitan i r,oo i r . He was a sweet and interesting child, and while we feel to mourn his loss, we acknowledge the, hand of our Father and .hope to live faithful, tRiT ure may again meet- tif MARY. 'darling. At the late election ia New Bedford. Betsy Dr. ton, theTPresidentofthe League, and Helen W. Webster, .'another are also elected. . So Kew Bedford, has now three women on the school committee. nt, yice-Prcside- - . The Buffalo Courier has Been Mrs. Louise Bethune referred to in tho Woman's Journal as 'a practicing architect of Chicago" "and have gays: - Hi U hard that Chicago should the credit of the woman architect of whom Buffalo has such reason to feel proud." The item about Mrs. Bethune was clipped, from an Indianapolis paper. We are glad to give Buffalo all the credit that belongs to her, and gfad also" that the time has come when a woman architect is considered an honor, instead 'of an .. w n.- I lt.- . 1 . -- - , - - .v. Belle White. . - In memory of our dear friend and .sister, Emmeline, daughter of William and Rebecca' Faulkner, who died at She was born Central, Arizona, August 22nd, 1885.had as died she she and March 2nd, 1872, lived, atrue Latter-da- y Saint. Her nature was such as made her highly respected by all 'who knew her, and we may say in the best sense of the word, that Sister Emmeline was a superior young lady, possessing 4hat innate refinement which gives sublimity to women of character. Added to this were the traits of gentleness and . genuine kindnes.5, which won for her a great circle of friends. The V, L. M. I. A., to which she belonged, passed appropriate resolutions of reCom. spect and condolence. 11 dSW J-E-ft 0!l g&i liK 3o ' 5 - HOUSEHOLD HINTS. T- - m I Tne sewing aacnine oi tne Age! , . In memory of Bathsheba, youngest daughter of J. F. arid Elizabeth Snedaker, who passed away on the morning of the 29th .of November, 1885, aged ejght years ,and one month. She was. a lovable girl, always interested when talking of the things of her Heavenly Father, and lived long enough to receive the blessings of baptism, and all other blessings it was her right to receive. She was a - eveF willi ng to -- faithful memberfrespond when called to do anything. For the fair she worked a beautiful pincushion. Her little associates miss and grieve her loss.. This is the fifth child which has been taken from their family since June with the same dreadful ": disease, dipiheria. - m mm ' ' anomaly and a disgrace. - .U01XU3St.LC ' T.tr.nlmrl - nrfriTTTT if and one of carrxmate, one of pumice-stonchalk; mix into a fine paste with water.-- Rub; this on the marble, and 'the stains jwill be removed; (ben ; wash with oap and water, . , finely-powder- ; e, . ed - A pair of boots or shoes tho rough Jy"soaked fare not easy to dryrithout being left in an uncomfortably stiff, if not shrunken condition. v A fery simple, device will make the The wet shoes should . drying process comparatively safe. be thoroughly'stuffed with paper, which serves not'onlyto keep them in shap, but hastens their drying by 'absorbing "the moisture. , To Make , 'Yeast Cakes. Boil together half a dozen potatoes and a handful of hops tied in a cloth.When the potatoes are done remove from the fire, mash them fine, the fire, and thicken put them in the hot liquor, them with three or four tablespoonfuls of flour. Let them cool till lukewarm, then add aj cupful ?ofgood yeast and set in a warm plac. When light stir in corn meal till a thick dough is formed. Flaee this in a lump on the paste board and slice off cakes with a knife, dry in the shade, turning ofjten while drying. Pack away in a'close vessel where the air will riot reach them. set"-ov- er the tea leaves for a few. Woodwork, in a them tin then or days, pail steep pan for half an hour, "strain through a sieve and use the tea to wash all varnished paint. It requires very little 'elbow polish," as the tea acts as "a strong detergent, cleansing the paint from all impurities, and making the varnish equal to new. It cleans window sashes and indeed, any varnished sur-faIt washes window is improved by its, application panes and mirrors much better than water, and is excellent for cleaning black walnut picture and looking-glas- s frames. It will not do to wash unvarnished paint with it. Whiting is unequalled for cleaning white" paint. Take a small quantity on a damp flannel, tub lightly over the surface, and you will be surprised at its effects. To Cleanse ce Boiling Potatoes. To boil a potato well requires more attention than is usually given. They should be well washed and left standing in cold water an hour or two, to remove the black.liquor with which they are impregnated, and a brackish taste they f would otherwise have. They should not be pared before boiling; they lose much of the starch by so doing, and are made insipid. Put them into a kettle of clear cold water, with" a little salt, tover closely, and boil rapidly, using no more water than will just cover them, as, the) produce a considerable quantity of fluid themselves while boil ng, and too much water will make them Heavy. As soon as just done instantly pour off the water, set them back on the range, and leave the cover off the saucepan till the steam has evarvrat Thv then, if a good kind, be dry and mealy. This is. an Irish receipt, and a good one. - OBITUARY., In memory of Ilyrum, Frederick. adopted son of Geo. M. and Margaret A. White, who died December 15th, 1885' at Mill Creek, aged nineteen months and twenty days!: In memory of Ann Granger, wife of Jabez. Woodward, who died at Kanosh, Wjllard County, at a quarter to six She was the daughter oi .a.m., December 3rd, 1885. and Ann and Was born at Sydenham, Kent, James Granger, from 1818. suffered She a lingering illness of England, of the lungs for four months. dropsy and inflammation She has been a member of the Church thirty-fiv- e years. .After a long ' and tedious journey, suffering many privations and losing a little daughter with the cholera at Kansas camping ground, they reached Salt Lake City in October, from which place they went to Ogden. During their stay there,' herself and husband walked back to the city to receive their blessings in the house of the Lord. In the year of the grasshopperfamine they settled at West Jordan, while there her husband filled a four years mission to Switzerland, pulling a handcart, on his return, across tbe Plains. Shortly after his return the family were called to go to Dixie to assist in opening up a new country. The While there, Bro. family resided there many years. Woodward went north to work on the railroad. He was about to return home when he was taken suddenly ill, and died at Morgan City. She then went to the Muddy, and remained until the mission was broken up, then with her two sons she moved to' Kanosh, in which place she has resided since until her death. In the year .1878 she was chosen First Counselor in the Relief Society. She was a true Latter-da- y Saint, esteemed and beloved by all. She often spoke of a dream or vision she had over twenty years ago, in which she saw the brethren and sisters tried, andjbrought face ta face with death for obeying and practicing plural marriage. We feel to sympathize with .the family in their present bereavement, but trust they will walk in the footsteps of their mother, and be prepared to meet her when death calls them hence. v Adenia A. Kimball, Prest. A. Rappleye, Sec. . 38 Old Constitution Building, Main Street, SAUT LAKE CITY, 6i , 99 ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1868. , con-yict- cd JL SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. J " Dry Goodss Notfons, ' 5 AND LADIES DRESS TR1MM1S6S. GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL JDrZJD TAMES Sc CO., TIHWERS,CASfWATER& STEAM FITTERS miirni tATXD JlttBct TOOLS AND IMPLE MENTS, ; - CLOTH AND CLOTHING, rURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. ' ' We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the weet. " ' " j, H. 8. ELDREDCE. Su pt. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDELS Will be found the latest styles and pioductiona in .. - : CALL AND EXAJIINE. Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, A Fall and 'Jompleto Stock of Spring and Summer Goods IMPORTE RS AN D JOBBERS OF 7 77 F. Auerbach & Bro. MILLINERY. 0 ' , . . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERLES, J'ANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortment of DBT . O-OOD- S: Special department for IJfldies MUses and In ant's Shoes. A ',., ,t, ..v: 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. : 3M. 51LT UtZ CUT. 