WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 144 drachm, oil o o''. lemon two araenms, on oi rosemary two drachms, fifty drops of tincture of musk, eight drops of oil of cinnamon, eight .drops of oil of cloves, I not geiiwwy. auu'wuiui inwuro,.vuai orange that is entirely dead ripe in December will hang on tne tree until juawnrTrau is rpiiflr at anv time to be nicked and Bhipped:" while so far from deteriorating, "the longer they hang on the trees the sweeter tbey grow, and Florida oranges, ; purchased in February and March, are therefore apt to be better than those procured early, in the season. Agam the notion that to know, what an orrfnge is really like, one must go where the oranges crow appears to be a' popular fallacy, as we lire told that ''the orange picked from the tree is no riper or better than the orange on the fruit stall in the North "Philadelphia Ln v quirer. 13 -- . X and one pint of alcohol. - Pulling. Soak Tapioca ' two-thir- ds tho Age! Sewhg-Ainsc- f in. TJao 5,000 tapioca over night, in one quart beaten eggs, five tab1spoonfuls of an egg, one whole lemon, grated; quarters of an hour, serve the cream. ; - . In ".TJtali. 3fcrr'D2S" i of a cupful of of milk; then add three sugar, butter the size of after baking for three noodles with milk or ; -- . : - IN MEMORIAM. r AmapdaM. Matticc, brn December 4th, 1869, in Porterville, Morgan Co., Utahr Died at Pima, Graharn Co., Arizona, November 5th, 1885, of typhoid malaria. She was a young lady of refined habits, ever willing to do her duty in the Y. L. M. I . A., of which she was a worthy member, also an affectionate and dutiful daughter. rt ,- - Tho ; o lf Hanging Baskets. Take an old basin; paint it inside so that it tin will not rust: cover the outside with putty. Split peach stones and stick the parts into the putty; after the putty hardens, varnish tho with earth, add plant - outside. Fiil the basket.1 . lu IE 8UCV vines or nowers as lauuy may uiu-- . tate. ; ; .. : Fans. Palm leaf fans are covered with silk or cretonne, and have a loose piece of the same material attached so as to form a bag. J here are pompons around the edge at regular distances. - They are hun against the wall, handle upward, and serve as receptacles for odds and ends. The outsides are painted, gilded, or covered with silk, or satin, r - rfitting 7 tightly. Flowers at Table. Their beauty and fragrance add not a little to tho pleasure of the table hour. A large, fragrant bouquet takes the And nothing is so place of an extra dish. flowers. During a considerable part cheap as of the year they cost absolutely nothing. It is the sweetest pleasure to grow them. And it is. surprising to find how cheaply a small conservatory may be managed. ; Mrs. Bancroft, the wife of the historian, is said to be preparing a volume of her reminiscences and experiences. As she waa a belle at Washington sixty years" ago, and has seen many of the best people and places at home and abroad, she has the materials for an uncommonly interesting ty)ok.. Mile. Benoit, a yoiing vendean lady who lately took her medical degree, is now appointed medical examiner of girls throughout the municipal schools of Paris. It is the business of Mile. Benoit to- see that girls are not overworked, and tha't they get through their studies under sanitary conditions. The woman suffragists of Iowa have- great reawn to hope that the bill for municipal suffrage wi be - C3 rriVd by the LgUlatu re this winter. The governor has recommended it. The attorney-genera- l supports it 1 ho has adopted: it. Leading prohibitory party advocate State in it. The suffrathat papers gists petition and work for it. - - 1 HOUSEHOLD HINTS,. For rough hands use lemon juice. Tepid milk and water with mi soap will clean oil cloths. Mince Me.it Without Liquors. Use three bowls of meat, six of apple, one of suet, one of raisins, one of citron, three of molasses, one of apple jelly or any other sour fruit juice, and spices. Rite Pudding Without Eggr. Take two quarts of milk, from one and a half to two teacupfuls of rice, one cupful of sugar, a cupful of raisins, a piece of butter the sue of an egg, and a little nutmeg. Bake the pudding two hours. ' ' -- 1 J Two cupfuls of butter, three of sugar, and three and one-hacupfuls flour, eight eggs, one pound of .raisins, one pound of citron, one teaspoonful of cloves, a teaspoonful of cinnamon, one nutmeg or a little" mace, , and v one gill of brandy or milk. -- 1 1J-- ;' 95 ! Fruit Cake, HOME DECORATIONS. Some-Mad- e two-qua- R.3S5E ( Domestic Use oil of lavender one 'Cologne Water. Riioda E. Foster, ' Louisa Johoson, Permeua A. Ransome. 38 Main Street, . Old Constitution Building, SALT LAKE CITY, m Now her earthly toils are over, She 15 free from care and pain, ' , Though we miss her, sadly miss her, Our loss is her eternal gain. Pima, Jan. 31st, 1886. ESTACLISHED OCTOBER, . OBITUARIES. " 186?. l?.. lLl Betsy Crane, of Provo, Utah, departed this life on the 29th of December, 1885. Deceased was born Search 29th, 1830, at Andover, Hampshire, England, and emigrated to Utah in 188a. She was a faithful member and a teacher in the Fourth Ward Relief Society, which, on her demise, passed oppropriate resolutions. a Sister ' 0 O e SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Died, in Centerville Ward, Davis Co., Utah, January 4th, 1886, of consumption, Thirza Jane, the eldest and dearly beloved daughter of Alwood and Ann Elizabeth Dry Goods, Not i on Groceries - Brown, born at Walton, Derbyshire, England, September 13th, 1870. With Nher parents, came to Utah in 1872. JSlodest and unassuming in her manners, she was truly be loved by all who knew her. Though greatly afflicted from her infancy, she bore all without a murmur. She died in full faith of the Gospel, and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. The Primary Association passed resolutions ' of respect. Olive Cleaveland, Secretary. HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL ' MENTS, Co.. on the 5th nf- rWvmKr - Died, at Richfield. Severe vwiji a eldest Augusta J. Westman, daughter of Peter E. and Johanna M. Westman, aged fourteen years, eight montfis and twenty four days. She was on extraordinary girl, of her age. Her greatest ambition was to gain knowledge CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, - -- and do good to others She acted as a leading member in the Primary Association since its organization, and was Assistant Secretary. In the Y. L. M. I. A. and Sunday School she was a most energetic member, as well as Secre-ar- y of the Silk Association. Resolutions were ndnnt-- H i . r -in r the terms, the worth in which de- expressing, highest ' ccascuf was L.1J iiciu gj ner associates. M fa ' . CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, - Will be found the latest styles and piodnotlons in . LACES, RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, . RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, &3T CALL AND EXAMINE. C, CO., WATER & STEAM FITTERS RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FOECE vfTrtTn'TT PB St TUimu Rpalred n 8hort otic promptly responded to. UTD JAI3, Bsx 306, SAM. LAX Orders from " j cin. Supt AT TEASDEL'S LADIES DRESS Sc H. S. ELDREDGE, Special to the Ladies- - Spring and Summer Goods m TRIMHIftGS. Tl N H E R 3t "- Stock than any Iionee in the west. Fall and Complete Stock ot .bAVIDv:TA.MES " tST We carry a larger and more complete MILLINERY.' i ;. ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. F . A u e f bac h & Bro . A TOOLS AND IMPLE- . ' And an elegant assortmenf of IDIRIT GOODS:and 'In Special department for Ladies' Mioses' ant's Shoes. . 1, 114, 116, 118 East TempU Street. ... . 