WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -,- - and the picture, when suitably framed, will be an . ..II ... ly feelings of that gentlemau,-ffvasmuc- h ... .1 i 1; as he shall am nieu, us urc iuuuic ami orr aimosi i n uisposiuon of which it may be just ornament any home, Prove himse f to--a man of- ho no r and a friend soon y get a littleTiirthorit)7as they suppose In the days of Kirtland and Nauvoov ; to. humanity. y proud. We really think that his letter will they .''immediately begin' to exercise un this venerable woman, Lucy SmUh jv'as very 2 breathes thatkind of a spirit, if we can judgercor- - righteous dominion- .-i I cnccm,vnyare called, but greatly loved and revered by the Saints, not only recuy. And Isaac Van Allen, Estp, the Attorney few are chosen., ' was the mother of she the who because Geneial of Iowa Territory, that Prophet, No power or influence can or ought to be mainperailventure this but because such of her dispensation,, men may be wrought upon up opened the by providence tained by virtue of the, Priesthood, only by perof God, to do good unto His many estimable qualities of heart and mind, people.- 'Governor suasion,, by- long suffering, by gentleness, and Lucas also. We integrity to the Gospel, and her great suggest the idea of praying fermeekness, and by' love unfqigned; by kindness, strength of character. - The memory of this noble vently for. all men who manifest any degbe of and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge mother should be cherished by the Saints of to- sympathy for the suffering children of God. the soul without. hypocrisy, and without guile, re- nnrl 'rUJ nnd lhf rhiWron'c Childrpn We think that peradvefiture" the United States ' moved unon with shmnnoss when vii . - , nmvinr lulimps T " r should be-- f eminded of her many virtues,7andher Surveyor of. the. Iowa Territory may be of great by tite Holy Ghost-ahthen showing forth aftera mother as. ..benefit araoa to the mothers Church example if it be the will of God, to "bright in, wards an increase of love toward him whom thou this end, if righteousqess should be manifested as Israel. Pictures always make an impression, and hast reproved, lest he eskiim thee to be his ' the girdle of our loins.. ever forget especially upon children; they-seldoenemv; that he mav' know that thv- faithfulness u . in the that walls their childhood's It seems to be deeply impressedupon aurjuindSj .stronger than the- cords of death: 'thy bowels those hung upon also being full of charity3 toward all men, Tin ci to homes, and having one of these likenesses of "that the Saints ought 7 to! lay hold of every door that shall seem to be opened unto them, to obtain, the household of faith, and virtue garnish thy Mother .Smith in. the home, will help to keep her "in honored remembrance, and the story of the foothold on the earth, and "be making all, the pre thoughts nnceasingly, then shall, thy confidence life of the is that wax when a within his the at paration early Prophet, boy strong in the' presence of. God and the docpower of possibles for the terrible storms that are now mother's knee, and ..her salutary teachings .will trine of the Pricsteood shall distil upon thy soul gathering in the "i lift fiVMii "thus be rendered more impressive, when told to cUilf. llr1t fli-ti heavens, with darkness and gloomin.ess, and thick th(- - little people. darkness, as spoken of by the Prophets, which' cannot be now a long time lingering, for there unchanging f ceptre of righteousness .a8d trutli seems to be a whispering- - that the; angels of and thy dominion shall be an everlasting dominion" HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH. heaven who have been entrus'ted with the council and without compulsory means it shall llow unlo n of these matters for the -- last thee forever aad ever. Monday, March 25th, 1839. About this time, The ends ,of the earth shall enquire after thy couhseltogether : and among the rest of the general Elders Kimball and Turley started on their mis- ' h 1 ia f ww id (bii u'lAn inl o It 1 r 1 v r .1 i"wl Ir. affairs that have to be transacted in their honorsion to see the Governor, They called on the able council, they, have taken cognizance. of the hell shall rage against thee., while the pure in ..Sheriff of Ray Co unty a nd j ailor for a copy of the. lestimonyof those who were murdered at Haun's heart, and the- - wise- - and the noble, and the virtu.' which the in held cuswere mittimus, by. prisoners mills, and also those who were martyred with D. ous, "shall seek counsel, and authority,.and blessbut he he confessed had none. went tody, W. Patten, and elsewhere, and have passed some They ings constantly from under thy hand, and- thy to Judge King, and he made out a kind of '"mittidecisions pei adventure in favor of the Saints, and people shall 'never be turned against thee by the mus. At this time we had been in prison several those who were called to suffer without cause. testimony of traitors;and althougjii their influence.. I, A . , ... 4U,xn Int.. u...V..1 r, lm1t. months without even a mittimus; .and that, too,, These decisions will be made known in their uuu ui.ii uivi t.lllf ttaiio hill Jtuu uuuiiauvi niiut y.ii.rv for etimes said to have been committed in another mo- small sha.lt had. but be and a and will in honor, all take into consideration lime'; they menSand thy voice shall be more terrible in the ; those things that offend-- . ;. county. Kimball and Turley took all the papers by midst of thine enemies; 'than the fierce lion, be, We have desire that in your general ' winch we were held, or which were then made out cause of thy righteousness ; and thy God shall., conferences, everything should be discussed with for them, with our petitionsto the Supreme Judges stand by tliec forever and ever. a great deal of care and propriety lest you grieve If .thou art called to pass through tribulatfoi) ; if and went to Jefferson City. the Holy Spirit, which should be poured out at all llinn nrt in nril :imniur fnlvr Iiri'f Iiiiln !f A luin nil.". times heads exercised are when The Governor was absent'. The Secretary of upon your you it hlioTeTpffn ctpTes-ofin perils among robbers; if thou art in perns HTIafejtTaTe gfileousne s s t J lal - a re "11 i :c . . i... ..i i, the papers, could hardly believe those Were all the wiui dii agreeable to JLhe, mind, of God, and are properly uyt iciiiu in uy sea; n uiuu au. manner of false accusations; if tliine enemies fall documents by which the prisoners were held in" affected one toward another, and are careful by all means to remember those who are in bondage, and upon thee; if they tear" thee from the society of custody, for they were illegal. and in for your sakes. deep affliction thy father' and mother. au'd brethren and sisters; jo heaviness, Lawyer Doniphan had also deceived them .";!.' ... .1.. '.i. a eni. ;tw 11 s w 01 u."i.iiiint: And if there are any among you who aspire after auui 11?r ..Willi, in his (jiicnin.5 ictii mcc papers, and sent them off with such docutheir own aggrandizement, and seek their own from the bosom of thy wife,ai;d of thine oifspring, ments, that a change of venue could'not be effected and thine Elder Son,, although but six- - years of in time. The Secretary was astonished at Judge opulence, while their brethren are groaning in age., shall cling to thy. garments, and shall say, poverty, and are under sore trials, and temptations, King acting as he did, but said he could do noththe" intercession of "My father, my father, why can't you stay with they cannot be benefitted by ing in the premises, and if the Governor were are the men rifroinfrrf to do the Holy Spirit; which.maketh. intercession for us us?..... O . - mv father! what j present, he could do nothing. But the Secretary ' with you?" And jf. then, he shall be thrust from ; .day and night with groanings! that cannot be wrote a letter to Judge King. : ; thee by the sword, and thou be dragged to prison, , The brethren then started to find the Supreme We ought at all times to be very careful, that and thine enemies prowl around thee like wolves Judges, and get.writs of habeas corpus; and after never have place in our for blood of the lamb; and if thou should, be cast such riding hundreds'of miles to effect this object, rehearts; but condescend to men of low estate, and into the pit, or into the hands of rnurdeiers, and turned to Liberty on the 30th of March, having sentence: of death passed upon thee; if thoii.be with all long suffering bear the infirmities of the seen Matthias McGirk, George Thompkins, and cast into the deeo: if the biilowiny surtre consnire weak. John C. Edwards, the Supreme Judges, but did against thee; if fierce winds become thine enemy; there are many called, but few are . Behold not obtain the writ of habeas corpus in conseelechosen. And why are they not chosen? Because if the heavens gather blackness, and all the quence of a lack of the order of commitment, al combine to hedge .up the way; and above their hearts are set so much upon the" things of ments . though the J edges seemed to be friendly. i i ii i all, it me very jaws or neu snan gape open ner this world, and aspire to the honors of men, that We were informed that Tudre King; Said, that mouth wide after thee, know thou, my son, that the rights there was nothing against my brother Hyrum, only they do notdearn this one lesson-th- at, all these things shall give thee experience, and that he was a friend to the Prophet." He also - of the Priesthood are. inseparably connected with for thy good. The Son of Man hath deof heaven, and that the powers of hea- - shall be the said there was Baldwin,-anCaleb powers nothing against scended below them all art thougreater than He? ven canno.t be controled, nor handled only-upo- n McRae. Brother Horace Cowan was put into Therefore hold on thy way, and the Priesthood y Liberty Jail for debt, in consequence of the principles of righteousness. That they mayshall remain with thee, for- their bounds are set, is true; but when we un it conferred be us, upon of the mob. persecution cannot pass. Thy days are known, and thy dertake to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, j they their During absence, I continued my Epistle to shall not be numbered less; there fore, .fear or vain ambition, or to exercise control or domin- - years .Unchurch. of Latter-da- y Saints as follows: not what man can do, for uod will be with you "We continue 'to offer' further ' reflections to Jon, or compulsion, upon the souls of the children forever and ever. of men, in anytlegree of unrighteousness, behold bishop partridge, and to the Church of Jesus Now, brethren, I would suggest for the conthe heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit of Chnst of Latter-da- y Saints, whom we love with a sideration of the Conference, of its being carefulthe Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, fervent lov6,vand do always bear them in mincHn ly and wisely, understood, by the council or con- - . a!1 our amen to the Priesthood, or the authority of that prayers to the throne of God. left unto j - ferences, that our brethren scattered abroad, who that- - man. Behold! ere he is aware, he is JLsiill seems heavily on our minds 'the spirit of the gathering, that they himself, to idciVagaTnsl the pricks ; to persecute- - understand tie Church would do well to secure to themselves fall into the places of refuge and safety that God and fight against God.. the the contractof the land which is Saints, them to proposed We'fiave learned by sad experience, that it is - shall open unto them, between Kirtland and Far . me incuu- "J to 1 be as-the- g - - - - , - - - . -- - - ... if im-nv- c days,-have-take- 1 1 k . -- I -- , 1 ', . , -- . jlluii - - - ut-tete- bigh-mindedne- d. ss . - . n ' -- j to-da- - ! . . to-be- ar - isaac Ualland, and cultivate 