V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 48 Afternoon session opened with the. usual exercises. A written report of the treasurer of the silk association was read. This organiza tion has been a very active" one; tho late Presi dent, Mrs. H. A. Beebe (now deceased) wa3 an. untiring laborer in this interest. At present the association has no president, but the sisters are anxious to continue their efforts in silk culture.' Sister Agnes Douglas, of Pay son, made some apnropriaie remarks on the subject. Sister- - IJcy-- B. Young, the Sandwich Islands from returned gave an interesting account of her trip, and of the manner in which meetings were, conducted among the natives, and other matters connected with their life on the Islands. Remarks were made by Sister B. J. Sim-- ; rnons of Payson, which were good and instruc Father tive, and bv Sister E. B. rells. Graves also made remarks in the silk interests. Prest. Mary John felt jwe had bad a good time. "The Spirit of the Lord has been with us." Desired that an interest be taken in regard to silk raising. "I pray that the blessing of the Lord may rest upon ,u. There are Saints." bright days' ahead for tho Latter-dawho-had-recen- women who are unceasingly working for the privilege of the ballot are pure, highminded reformers, almost all of whom are prominently -id- ... entifiedwith-other-movementi-.havingibr their object the social and moral welfarof hu- inanity. The men who from time to time declare themselves in sympathy with the cause in public affairs. aro among the There w no honest reason why women.should not be accorded the franchise. The petty tyranny which deprives them of it is a relic of barbarism." finest-graine- d tly, " . m . H . '- - Mrs. M. ; A.-- ' ' Isabella Horne, v President. A Foil and Complete Stock ot mouths. annual reports and forward them as quicklyaa possible, so that "the Ycung Ladies'- - Associa tions may be creditably reported at the Oct. conference. They must not be later than bep- - TWO MEETINGS AT SANDY, tember20. Oa Tuesday morning, July 26th, Sisters M. I. Home, B. W. Smith and E. B. Wells visited Sandy, to attend the sisters' meetings. The annual meeting of the Relief Society was held at 10 a.m., Mrs. Wilhelmiua Olsen presiding. Minutes and report for the year were read and accepted. The meeting was addressed by Sisters .Smith, Wells and Homo on, the various duties of the sisters, and the condition of affairs at the present time. Prest. Ohrn made some appropriate -- remarks, and Bishop Holman addressed the meeting for a few minutes expressing his interest in the proceedings Benediction by the Bishop. In the afternoon tho children assembled in tho Primary Association, and after some very evreet singing, end prayer, the following programme was given: Bro. James Brown and daughters, a song; Recitation, William Lewis; Recitation, Rachel Brown; Recitation, Dora Castle; Recitation, Loltio Castle; Select Reading, Mary Alsop; Song, Emoia Bowen; Recitation, Annie Oster-mann- ; Recitation, Betsey Geltea; Dialogue, Dora Castle and Nettie Lab rum; Recitation, Elizabeth Brown; Recitation, Robert Scott; Song, Bro. Brown and daughters, After this the eisters from. the city addressed the child- ren. - - MILLINERY, . Spring and Summer DRESS AND LADIES 1 Goods TRIM AGS. S3T CALL AND EXAMINE. : Tho secretaries of Y. L. M. I. A. of the different stakes will please prepare their semi adjourned for three Benediction by Anna K. Smoot. Jane P. Jones, Sec. pro tem. R. s,- - F. Auerbach & Bro. :AftersiD conference . Eliza. A. Hall, Sec. r Secretaries of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake are particularly requested to send in their reports to the Stake Secretary, Elizabeth. Howard, by the first of September. Re ports sent in after that date will be useless. Be definite in the. . financial statements. Address, Elizabeth Ho ward,. 60 East 4th South St., Salt Lake City, Utah. By order, y blessing," """ So, rest ia peace, dear sister, With our Father dwell awhile;- When our work on earth is finished ,. Greet us with thy holy smile. , SPECIAL NOTICE. -- . in the holy priesthood.. She was true to her FatUrin heaven, true to her husband and children, and true to' her religion. She was a Iklthful member of the Relief Society, respected and .beloved b all her friends and associates. Her" conduct was always of an exemplary character, which deour happy portion, notes the true Oiristian.M when called to pss behind the vail, kite her, to look forward with the hope of a glorious resurrection in thekiji-koof our God. . IDJTXID TAMES 5c CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS for RUMSEVS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notloo. Orders from the country promptly responded to. ' CITT. markUrut. C1TID J1HX3. Jos 338. EilTJ-AI- --Ae- nt I . Louie M. Wells, Sec. Central Board Y; L. M. . ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, T.-- A. 1863. ; . NOTES AND NEWS. The juice of a leroon in a glass of sweetened hot wafer an excellent remedy for colds. : . - At the carver's place spread a white napkin, tha point toward the middle of the table, to protect the cloth from '. .. : splashes of gravy. -. When putting glycerine on chapped hands, first wash them thoroughy in soap and water, nd when not quite dry, rub them in the glycerine. This process, will h round much better than the old one. . Cottage Pudding. One egg, one ,half cupful of sugar, one cup of sweet milk, one teaspoonful of soda, two of cream of tartar, one pint of flour, and a little salt. Flavor the sauce with lemon. n 11 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AKD JOBBERS OF ..; Drj Goods, llotionsvGfocefe HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, tea-spoonf- Ajpie Tapioca Pudding. One large cupful f tapioca, three pints of cold water, one cupful of sugar, one of extract of lemon, three pints of pared and quartered apples, Wash the tapioca and put it to soak, in cold water. Three hour will do, but it is better to soak it over night. Cook the tapioca from twenty to thirty, .minutes; then add the seasaning and apples. Turn it into a butterd dish, and bake it one hour and a quarter. Let the pudding stand in a cool room half an hour before serving, tea-spoon- ful GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND . IMPLE- - MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Green Upon her ascension to the throne, Queen Victoria appointed a Hebrew, Sir Moses Monte-rioras sheriff of London, and, now at the e iiftieth year of her reign, beginning another, Alderman Isaacs, has been appointed to the same office. e, of-th- is T HIT HOUSEHOLD HINTS. I Gooseberry Jam.rYsT three pounds f gooseberries use three and one half pounds of sugar. Pick off the stalks and buds from lhcterries; bruise them lightly; t put them into the preserving pan and boil them quickly or ten minutes, stirring all the time; add the sugar to. the fruit, and boil it briskly for three quarters of an hour, hen done, put carefully removing the scum as it rises. it into pots, cover it with brandy paper, and secure it closely down with paper moistened with the white of an egg. for-eigh- . The Youngstown (Ohio) Telegram makes th following comment on the minority report of the Judiciary Committee of the United OBITUARY. States House of Representatives, recently " Judge made ge Taylor, of Ohio It becomes our painful duty to . record the death. of Taylor has formerly indicated to Congress and another of our beloved sisters here at West Portage, the" country that lie ii in favor of woman suffHannah John, wife of James John, of Portage, and rage. The position he takes is creditable to daughter of Jacob and Abbot. She Mary departed this his intelligence, and entirely consistent with life on Saturday, 1886. July 3tst, . The. illness which the breadth and equity that characterize his fatal was child-be- d 'proved fever. She was the mother of views upon all public questions. fourteen children. Eight and her husband are still living It is a clean, strong, public issue, deserving of She embraced the Gospel ia 1S57 in her childhood. She consideration by evTy frteml cf died m t hvi lives, k ttu Utt;r-djrogreca. Tb S.bt, fall ef faith by-Jud- . a tST.Wf carry a largr and mor compete Stock thaa any boose In the west. 0. ELDREDGE. Gupt Special to the Ladies. H. AT TEASDEL'S WUl be found the latest styles and pioductlons ' ; in . . JiACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of TDIRir. QOODS; for Ladles' Misses' and Special department 6209. , 112, 114, U6, llSZort TtmpU r In-ant- 's . 