f fi WOMAH'S-JEPNE- N 136 as (b) The widow of any alien who at the time o his death ahall be .entitled : by law to hold any real estate if the be an inhabitant of the Territory at the time! ot m ch death, fihall be entitled to" dower of iacn estate in theame Stake. i manner as if Buch alien had been a. native fljm, . . : - Sbter Preaendia Kimball and Doctor Ellen " : vfr, I'H ; l I r e ' ' J im Jet J I fit I f ' rr 1 fa. III ' . trJT"! I. t a - 7 ST. GEORGE. Editor Exponent; . ; i Dear Sister:- At the auarterly conference of the Relief Society of the St. George Stake, held in the Lyceum on the 12th ult, some change was made in the presiding officers. Our much esteemed ' president, Sister Minerva W.Snovry having found it necessary o relinquish that position, sent in her resignation, which was, . with reluctance, accepted, and a heartfelt and unanimous vote of thanks was - ' - 33 V ' ' lf-j- C erg' Old Constitution Biilldlxuc. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY 66 . -- y, . and if any surplus shall remainafter payment of the moneys due on such mortgage and the - cost and chargesof the sale, such widow shall nevertheless be entitled to the interest or ia--i come of the one third-par- t of such surplus, for her life, as her dower. (g) A widow shall not be endowed of lands conveyed to her husband by way of mortgage unless he acquire an" absolute estate therein during the marriage period. (h) In case of divorce dissolving the marriage contract for the misconduct of the wife, she shall not be endowed. - R. 8., Y. L. M. L A. & P. Ar REPORTS. SLATERYILLE. Respectfully, A. G, - . HOUSEHOLD HINTS. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Graham Bread. Tiro cupfuli of.Orahm, flour, two eupfials of Indian mexl,. two cupfuls of swtet milk, oae cupful of sour milk, one cupful of moUsss, one teapoon-"Hifo- f $ocU, and a little salt; $tum tke bread for two hours, and thstTdry it for a fewSinuUs In a hot oren. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF t -- , One pint of buttermilk, One egg, half a salt, eiglit teaspooafuls Tof shortening, teaipoonful of soda dissolved in a small Quantity of water; teaspoonfal use nutmeg and cinnamon for seasoning. Add sufficient flour to roll the batter, and fry it in hot lard. This makes one large panful of the cakes. Sponge : Allred, Sec DAYIS STAKE. GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEQANT CUT GLA89, AGRICULTURAL egp for one Frit A Chickt. Wash your chickens, cut them int pieces, and season them with pepper and salt. Have (a a pan some hot butter and lard, mixed; dust some flour over each of the pieces, and fry them slowly until they become a bright brown on both sides; take them up, put a little water in the pan,, add some butter rolled in flour to thicken the gravy, and more pepper and salt, if required. Young u Spring chickens are suitable only for frying. A Full jind CompIet :'" , - T -- ; : ! " . GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. .tST cany a lirgtr tadmor coniplat StocVthn any hoas Inthe wet, V : , H. G. ELDRGDGE. Gupt. 4 ' - s Special to the Ladies. : ; EXAHINlL "' "::) . . Tfill wo ladies dr tT CALL AND - CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL - Spring and Summer Goods . R. Smith and Anson Call, met with us for the or rather appointing pttrposa of a resident,! as bur former president had been called' to : labor in another capacity. Sister Susan Grant was chosen, a vote was taken, and beiny inanimouslv tnstained. sh.wai set apart 'millinery. :"- CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, . Stock ot " TOOLS AND IMPLE- MENTS, F. Auerbac h & Bro. FThd Relief Society quarterly conference of Davis Stake was heldatFarmtngton, Jan.8th, 1836, Sister Mary Clark presiding. Prests. Wra. f Beat three Caiti . V:: HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, minute; add one beapiag cupful of white Sugar, beat it with the eggs for fir e ininutcs; a cupful of flour, and beat It one minute; half a ' ' cupful r cold water, stirring it well. Then add another cupful of flour cantaining t wo ; teaspoonfuls of baking ' powder, and heat the mixture for one minute. Use salt and flavoring to taste. Bake the cake in a slow oven. - : ... Groceries Fri Ciks.of f.-.-- L J. Secretary. ed Nov. 27th, 1885. There were present, the Bishop and his Counselors, A poitle F. D. Richards, Sister Richards, Sister Brown, President and Counselors of Weber Stake; also. the Relief Society of- the ward. . ;Tne farmer president, Sister Mary JTield, haying resigned on account of her. great agej thevfollowing olHcerr were appointed; Sister, Mary Karney, President; Mary Jane Allred and Helen, Perry, Counselors; Isabella. J. Allre4, .Secretary; Charlotte Bartholomew, AssistantiSecretaryr Hannah D&sney, Treasurer. i? Respectfullv jor. sisters, - it.A..KAEEYPrest., . Bakjr, Cor, - The Slaterville Relief Society was. . ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 188?. etc,etc, those claiming nnder him,'4 shall, after the death of the husband of such widow, cause the .land mortgaged to be sold, either under a power of salo contained in the mortgage or ty virtue of the decree of a court of equity," "be found the latest' style and pioductions BUCHES, EMBRODERIEQ, FANa r GLOVES, i EARASOL8, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, IACES, - - 7 rAeattor RCMSEY celebnUed UETTAndFORcp FUMP3. Pumpa Repaired on short noUo Ordera from the oountry promptly responded to. ; ; "., TIKHEnS, CA3tVVATEa & STEAM FITTERS .' A.n4 a elegant aasortmenf of ! ,v W4irtn, HVS JUCX3. in m CUT Ml CTIT. 5 ' S "el "returned," forherTHndmd "unremitting e) Where a husband shall purchase lands labors. . during coverture,; and shall at the same time Sister Anna Lv Ivins was then invited to mortgage his estate in such lands to Becure the fill the office, which she accepted, and was sushis widow r payment of the purchase-monetained by unanimous vote with Sister Mary B shall not be entitled to dower out of such lands, Eyring as first, and Sister Ann C. Woodbury , as against the mortgagee or those claiming unhas been, der him, although she shall , not have united hi as second Counselor. The Society such mortgage; but she shall be entitled to her actively engaged of late in furnisning carpet for the St. George Temple, .donating quilts dower s against all other persons. : 55 ! The Sewing HacMne cf the Age! 133. XJso l33. T7ta.la.. jS.OOO 2ZTo-v- - -- bt : v.-".-- - in implant the principles of truth and virtue - 7 ."'' their young minds. . We had a splendid meeting, a good spirit manifest a lively prevailed, and all seemed- to -; r-- r interest in the cause. Rhoda Hinmak, Secretary. i "citizen. - Iomestic Relief Society of Davis. B. Ferguson were present. They gave us some the mothers very good instructions, and urged to look well to their children; be careful to 1 Cc) If a husband seized of an estate of inherit ance in lands exchanges them for other lands, his widow shall not; bare . dower of both, shall make her election to be endowed of the lands given or of those ftaken in exchsnge; and if such election bo not' evinced by the commencement of proceedings to recover her dower ot tne lands given in excnangewumu one year after the death of her husband, ehe shall be deemed to hare elected to take her dower of the lands received in exchange. (d) when a person seized of art estate of inheritance in lands shall have executed a mortgage on such estate before marriage, his widow shall nevertheless be entitled to dower out of the lands mortgaged as against every person7 except the mortgagee and those claiming under presni 'of the Special, department for U4, La4rMiKe, m, m Eatt Ttf and la Street. 