WOMAN'S EXPON EN T. to catch his words "Even here" a fellow is no wanted unless he has money."" -At the door of this, and many other places of worship, we saw boxes to ritbp money into for foreign missions, public charities; but these same people are not willing' to lay aside their prejudices long enough to listen to one argument from a 13S the brothers, sisters and friends who held Eer ever in fondest endearment, c : '::H can speak : from personal - knowledge in relation to the much misunderstood,inaliged and insulted . ; ofa bright intelUcai The possessor mindy ; fine, sensitive nature and: a mosf 'amiable lind tihft'F9' hrinag " Latteay' Saints. ' practiced bjrjhe As one who ha had arpetson-- r pleasing disposition, Dessie ever held the highest ,al experience" of twenty years in pIuTal married place in the affection of her chosen friends, a place life, besides having been intimately connected all her lifewith those who have beeri in the practice now.to be filled only with sacred memories. bitter-hatre" with "Mormons" Her a life, from childhood to the grave, was of that principle, I may justly claim some right "Mormon They hate and so ..intense is this feeling with many simple, pure and beautiful; she sought no public jo speak upon-thi- s subject. My connection with . re-from is ''Morand always has been beyond in the a of but life's shrink a fulfilled praise, plural rmarriage that they very thought retired, quiet way all questioa a matter of honest and earnest mon" woman as though she were a monster. Yet quirements, and ever charmed with delightful with me. I entered that relation volunconversation and delicate acts of kindness those they applaud the deeds of Scripture women, such is whom she loved. Now that she has left us t we as Ruth happy for her that she dead, for were tarily, and "of my own free will and choice," in mv youth; heaven having kindly Javored me with she living now, her name would be a byword and, . tenderly recall the days her presence here has the man above all others in the world,of my choice. brightened, and as we turn the golden pages in reproach. And they call this Christian charity, Not only did I voluntarily enter into plural marand their ministers preach from such texts as, memory's book, our eyes are dimmed with tears and our hearts filled with sad yearnings, for we riage with my husband, but I have voluntarily,and is h Trove all' things, and. hold fast gbod." Fortunately there are some who are not know those days are gone never to return. So in with ever increasing satisfaction, given to him silence and with resignation we" close the little other wives, with whom for over seventeen years men and women who. will so narrow-mindevolume we have lived, much 6 the time under the same even as she closed the book of life, and, speak of the "Mormon" question,',candidly and roof, with such harmony, love and union, that I feelingly; but they are the exception. "AU the in- -, like her, look hopefully forward to a brighter, A. look back now over all those years with unsullied formation the generality of the people zrp in pospurer life injheaven. session of- about the "Mormons," has-be-en Joy and satisfaction. In eo instance have I wished Daniel of the Deseret Wells Read, daughter to change my lot or desired greater happiness gathered from writings,. such as H. and Martha H. Charles wife of and Wells, Mrs. Stenhouse's book, or Ann Eliza's, or lectures than I enjoyed. Not until our increasing family was born on the 1 8th of April, 1853, and Read, made it necessary, did we have a thought of sepfrom these women and others of the same stamp, died on the 15th ''of Jan., 1886. andwhenone has the courage to defend the arating from that dear old happy home, and even nowy tho dwelling apart, one of the" greatest of principles of the "Mormons," and especially the our domestic pleasures-i- s to spend our evenings doctrine of a plurality of wives, they are horrified, EDITORIAL NOTES. and will not listen. Still there are those who think and leisure moments together in quiet social enthe new Edmunds law severe and unconstitutional : The Territorial Legislature is meeting, as exjoyment in the manner of the sweet and blessed r in some of its measures, and the advocates of pected, with determined hostility on the part of and happy day gone by. woman suffrage proclaim against the clause that the Governor. He has vetoed two very impor.Not long before the commencement of the takes awaythat right from women, "and especialtant measures which passed both' houses, and in present infamous persecutions and prosecutions 6nc q his messages took occasion to add insult to of our husbands, fathers and brothers for loving, ly," say they in- - public print, "the .1 ml women." lo tell the people that this persecution honoring and sustaining their trusting wives and injury, ine legislators, nawever, arc cairo anu is not going to destroy "Mormonism" and break it and so far treat his s landers with digni-fie- d children, one of my husband's wives said to me, "I am afraid our happiness is too great, I hope up, is preposterous in their eyes; "the people are silence. will happen to deprive us of the blessings determined," say they, "public opinion rules, and new Edmnnds Bill which will be found on nothing yIhe the civilization of the age demands it;" But God we enjoy." I replied, "Why, what could happen? another page, was introduced Dec. 8, 1885 and We make our own happiness,whocan take it away rules," and turns and overturns kingdoms and peoon the 8th of. January, 18S6 by Senate the passed from us?" Little did we dream at that time that ples, and. truth will prevail, and Zion be established a vote of 38 to The latter were Senators Blair 7. such a state of things as now exists would ever never more to be thrown down, despite public of New Hampshire, Call of Florida, Gibson of come to pass in our once peaceful, free and happy opinion and the civilization that cannot tolerate a of South Carolina, Morgan Louisiana, Hampton .' land. plurality of wives, and that calls it barbarism. Vance of North Carolina and Hoar of Alabama, We have heard it asserted by some that the reWhy should I and my husband's wives, willing of Massachusetts. Mr. Hoar opposed the infacent bill introduced into -- Congress by Edmunds and united companions in' domestic happiness, mous measure because of the section depriving the would so h the mark as to result in good best suited to our choice, and-ochildren, be the suffrage; outside of that of Utah women of to our cause; though they would not for a moment in our disturbed peaceful possession of the do portion he was in favor of the bill. The other mestic be understood as countenancing such a thing as which felicity springs from our own "hearts six whom we have named opposed it unquali"polygamy." "Mormonism" is indeed a problem and from the associations and relations which fiedly and would under no consideration give that the; world are not able to solve, and the more we'regard as most sacred and eternal? Who sanction to so palpable a scheme of robbery and beit more the shall dare to say that the partner .of ourchoice.is ' wjll they workaWt, complicated ; v '.. oppression. come, and the harder to handle therefore it would not as dear to Jus and as much beloved as the "The following letter to theN Editor of the Exbe wise for them to let the matter alone, for there choicest husband of any woman in the land? I do LUlie Devereux written is a vital element in it ttiaKwill outlive Jan. 2, by Blake, not assume to. speak for my sisters without knowponent, York Woman State New beYand of the like the stalky Prest. bitter itjnay Suffrage; ing whereof I speak, (they can speak for them of mustard, the more' it is shaken thefurther it Association, we publish, for the present, without selves,) but this much I make .bold to say, there will spread; so it will be, and man cannot hinder it, comment: "At a meeting of citizens, held under' is no other man in all this world that can fill the for God hath decreed to dd a marvelous work andthe auspices of the New York State Woman Suf--i station in our affections nor in our homes that Union No. on at a wonder, andHe will accomplish His purpose, Association J'lace, 54, frage our husband occupies. ; was resolution the and prepare a people for the reign of peace upon Jan. following 2, And who can match him in his children's eyes, Saturday, . the earth; and it must heeds be a people who will or represent him in their hearts? We entered Resolved; That while approving of the main into plural marriage in good faith, both as touch keep a higher law, the law of God, and who will make covenant by sacrifice; who dare to be true object of the bill to suppress polygamy, introduced ing the laws of God and the laws of man,' Wt to their convictions, even though public opinion in the Senate of the United States by. Senator were not conscious of having violated st the we Vt. of demands them to give up those sacred principles , prote earnestly against Edmunds, . any constitutional law. The act of Congtts of which God has commanded them to obey. clause which proposes to disfranchise all the 1862, ia relation to polygamy, the oaly.law then women of the Territory, whether innocent or- in existence relating to the matter, was universally believed to be a "dead letter," because unconstguilty of the crime of pluraV marriage, as an iuh-IN MEMORIAM. most the class just discrimination- agrnst itutional, and for many years was so treated Jsy the and call cruel this institution; upon by courts as well as by the people of Utah, "Mor- DESSIE. . and Palmer of N. of Blair c:ii ..wucH;JU : COHlCS Ind., Senators H., uiuus auu vjcumtj. tjim "the men to oppose passage and other to a question of conscience, - I j have never With sadness we mention her name, for she is of this clause of the bill." felt that I have been guilty of :any crime, d from earth away our sweet fair sisthe ter. Death has taken one we dearly loved, and standing- the actions tff' tht andsihce-Henactein existence then laws CORRESPONDENCE. against though in sorrow long to see her -not a It is; with oriaw. polygamy. question :nce again, jtill.mustsreLfeel.that she is happier usf 1886. Jani 9th, Oahu, of a matter convicLaie, buf of conscience, for far, religious her suffering now is ended, and we pray tion and of earnest and undymg faith in the. laws that He who wipeth the tear from every eye will Edito Exponent: and purposes of God, a ' matter of happiness pr look in tenderest Dear Sister: This may be considered mercy upon those whose hearts are grievedthe time for theJ expression of the 'honest coa- - misery, of life or death.' To be deprived of our doting husband, the little child, ' the iKrtaved mother, the exiled father, and victionj of those who have had experrenceiand1 husband and father, in the manner prescribed by , d, con-victi- " on - - that-whic- d; -- - anti-Morm- on ; - - anti-Morm- -- ' on 1 1 -- ed ' s.-.- over-reac- r ur persecu-tion,-howev- er -- - - - H - op--press- ed 1 fair-mind- t-- -.:i- 1 ed S?-passe- - - -- courts-validatin- g; -- we-mourn-- . ; -- -- -- -- 1 