'V WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. 162 should i Louis, rtab!?rif5elf jfe very heart of .St. 1a"w1 flnl swlirta. rft y),!rtnii' .Vif tv flinr ....i..' . r , and wilfully falsify, blackguard persistently and abuse the most reputable and respected "ainT wJbaiiA?: a "M&rmftress All President of ,4he Primary , carried the..,presidecy of the Hale, Stake 's. " J AU,t. the..day proramme, consistb of Eons '.. '. y E. A. t rELDSTED, secretary well rendered by the children. The visitTuV" sisters gave good instructions to the children kooskakkm. dwelling on honoring their parents and attend- - werceUjrt Stake; - HiUiUUl BIJUUOW lUU-iIglU- Ul-.C- -- Suppose that t h rough these con ti n tied , heaped up, and pressed down, assaults on priv- ate character, the name or a resident or ot. Louis or Chicago should become so feared and hated that right here in our own city of Salt or "Ghris Lake,.. ts down by be should shot tiau missionaries "Mormon" mobs, fired to the comniisson of the bloody deeds by the outrageous calumnies set afloat and carried to Utah by said "Mormon" newspaper,- whose existence we arefor tho sake of argument supposing. Siii nnAcii of i moflhinortrJ rr HIV lUUVttlllVt j UIUV JJ'' j ' courts. aud the administration of the law were exclusively in the "Mormon" bauds, and they, though bigotry and hatred of everything Gentile, ''should stretch and strain the author- J J - -- con-tinue- of-th- e uit-ssiug- being done in the Vexatious prosecutions of which they themselves' arc, made the victim-for the purpose of convicting, fining and imprisoning Gentiles, breaking up their families and bringing them into a bondage more to be dreaded than death, which to freemen would Would any peoplBcemswett by c e-less p:tiient and longu(l ring than the Latter-day Saints be contented- - with anything short of a revolution? And would they not have cause? Surely as jiiit and sufficient as Hill that which kindled the iires of Bunker . i i i .in. to anai if. orKiown, reverorr- and caused carl ate with the echoes of the sublime declaration that all men arc created equal and endowed by their Creator with the itialifnubbi rights of life, liberty, and the intuit of happiness. .. But the Latter-daSaints are more pitient than their patrioi ic sires of a ivn u r y ago. They knpw, like the immortal Patriot Henry, that "there is a just God in heaven, who watches over the destinies of men and nations," I Mm .who' and they have confided their cause-thas sworn to fight .th'iir battles for them. This is why they cm boar and forb:ar to the uttermost, patiently hii fl- i thfi sights and insults of thme who- ride ram pant ovtr law, order and every h'gal r- slricliou to oppress them; who would rid.t that thry might ruin and resolve order back into chaos that they might revel in the anarchy, c and degradation that would follow. Look , ... i ... at some ol those who walk our t reels, slaves J of vice and paid touLs of tyranny, boasting of what they have already done and intend further to do against tii ' pe .ce and good order 'an'lin'da-.trio'u.-of an innoceat, people who permit them unmounted aod unquestioned, to fulminate their vile threaH and execute their vitn arts, within their very b uuu ujii yourselves n nvtc. il the pictures here endeavored to be painted do not furnish as complete and striking a contrast as allV thut nr nropnf timoj nan OliSON F. Wihtaicy. , . i - y i i - r n-- - - - - nfu-sib- n . i t 1 (lod-lV-ari- 1. i .... ij ? r- mi, n;l-;t- lof . l- ir; S., . M.I. AT. A. HE PORTS MOi.Ij.V.. ; A R diet'S . . . - iof y w:h organized in Moleu AVard, Emery Stake uf Zi m, Feb. 7th. Fob" it lowing are. the names of the nffifor nn Kasmuscn Presi.; Mary L. Hansen and Dieinllia Stringln.u, Counselors; Esther Secretary, JCtuily Cook, Treasurer." A.-Firh- s ensc-of-du-ty SL-le- po3ses-sion'an- self-sufficienc- y self-assertio- . - : d. n oir - their-Oonferenc- e." ld y W 111- In the evening, at 7 o'clock, the young We thought a few. lines from this put of the The Secretary lad valuaway place might be 'of interest to your also the reports, all of ble paper. Our' Relief Society is in a pretty read the minutes, and fair condition and the sisters are all striving which were accepted. Verbal reports were Tooele nnr? toerve the Lord and are alive"trrtheirrduties f iven bv the presidents of the Gran.tsyille:association3vhich showed them iv(. nfft pniovinV iroQ(Lh?althl and feel wellJn running order. Sister Whitney addressed the Gosoel of Christ. We know that our ene the audience, which was very large, including mies are ncrseciitihjr us on the right and on . both young ladies and young men, giving the left 'but this ; will only make Latter-da7 Saints more liumble and live nearer- to the .good counsel to the. young of. both sexes on Other speakers Lord. It is necessary that trials come in order many interesting subjects. Jun. Bro. and Bro. 0. Q. George Atkin, that we mar be proved, ior the Lord says fie 'were wants a tried people. We know the Lord is Houly. After singing, benediction was uttered . , by Bro. Gillespie. fin oiir side, so we have nothing to fear: if we will do His, and He will help do our part-HOn Sunday morning the sisters attended and addressed the Sunday School. In the after: us.' Prest. noon the Relief Society Conference was MaugpvETTe ANpErisoy, Sec. O. pro-terAfter the Sacrament wa3 administered, JoSKPjr.v Wnioirr, the brethren and sisters" from Salt. Lake City X'EDAiUCITY. all spoke perilous times that wc live in, and encouraged the Saints to dive in such a Our Quarterly Conference was held at Cedar i.i r.. i ii.. t..i .1tney. cau canii uowu or mat ine way and a Citv, ou the ah of heb , good spirit Bro. C. Hunderson also God ujKn theriK feelintr prevailinir. The branches of the Stake made a fev remarks, encouraging the brethren were reported as being Ju a favorable condi and sisters to faithfulness, and invoked the tion, the members alive to their duties, and blessing of God upon all. anxious to assist in the support and building Sisters Ki mball and Whitney stopped all up of the kingdom of God; .Much good in week and visited and cheered the sisters, the truciiun was imparted by our President, Sister for they were full of blessings, and on Saturday L. Lunt, wh was moved upon to a marked returned home to the city. degree to speak words of encouragement and Ann Tate, 1 exhortation to the skters. Cor. for Tooele Stake. Sec. Presiin the occurred A vacancy having dency, occasioned by the death of Sister H. A; Mitchell, Sister Sage T. Jones was appointed Second Counselor.. Appropriate resolutions of MISCELLANEOUS. of the ) t Mitchell were Sister respect memory the Society, and ordered spread adopted by Only the true man can really be brave, only upon our minutes. She was universally rethe righteous man walk through the darkness spected, for she cultivated that true charity and face with serene soul t he mystery of life. which flows from a f and hope in God. She was a woman possessed with rare Bodily exercise, though absolutely necessary abilhies of practical usefulness and perseverto secure health and vigor, if persistedln be' ance in well doing. yond certainlimits,jwill end in breaking down Ever praying for the interests of Zion, and the very power it has been building up. that fih'cs may atteud you in your labors in behalf of the women of Utah, I remain,. It i3 a mistaken idea that, if a little of anyYour sister in the Gospel, thing is good a great deal must be correspondingly better. It may be so, but not unless its SaKAH ClIATTEP.LY, Sec. due relations to other things are equally preserved. Few things are stronger than steam TOOELE. when used and confined within workiugdimits, The quarterly conference of the Kelief Soand but few weaker than the same steam Ladies' and Associaciety, Young Primary floating in thin" vaporous clouds and filling tions was held in the Tooele meeting house, large areas of space. So it i3 not simply the March 13th and 14th, 1886, Mrs. M. A. Hunter possession of large wealth, or great knowledge presiding. After the usual opening exercises, or high station, or much authority, that will Prest. Hunter made a few opening remarks, make any man powerful and valuable, but the during which Sisters Presendia Kimball and way in which hejises what he has. Helen Mar Whitney arrived from Salt Lake r Citv Kimball was the first speaker; d True independence consists in the She ive a great deal of good counsel and ad- improvement of resources within one's to suitable all the both old own self. There is a sense in which Saints, vic, " - and . is a laudible trait of character. young. It w ; Sister Whitney spoke very interestingly, far different from which may be with remarks to suit all, and all to Ishmaelitish, turning the hand against every encouraged live up to their privileges, for 'we live in very man. Aud it is iust as far removed from that crUicuaL tiniesShe-Wlieva- d that-th- is crusadc-woul- d weak dependence others which leads one hasten the time when the Lord would to look for aid at upon all times, aud for constant cut His work short in righteousness, and it is society and companionship in occupation and for us to live humble before tho Lord. She in amusement. Social intercourse and con some Tn a at. spoke length very encouraging versation jare a part, and a very large part, of manner to the sisters on celestial marriagefand all our lives. Both improvement and pleasure of the great blessings that are in storefor all depend upon our friendships. who live for them. Still he is a poor companion for other who can Bishop Atkins waa well pleased with the do nothing for himself. He who has nothing nr sisters had" given and good lnstructions-th- e him has nothing to impart to his friends. He ured all to adhere to them. has no capital to go upon in the social ex- - . The afternoon session, commencing at 2 m change which promotes the intelligent life of waa for the Primary Conference. Sister p Sarah" man. ia-good pcaccablc-gcntilo-merchan- OV . re-he- tion. 14 ' ' Editor Exponent: cuse, except the ouo wo so often hear in these parts, that its object was to Mormonize "(Americanize") and turn them from the ways their consciences tell them to walk in, to the 2 b well-selecte- -- d 