w WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ; kas scattered over the earth and with it 'sprinkled lifts the gates and many nations' and when He bids it return, it as naturally seeks its Source and Reservoir, as the. raindrops that fall uponjhe hills trickle back to the ocean whence they came. This was why Sister" King became a "Mormon,'.' 77 virtues, to follow in her footsteps as she followed Christ's, and, becoming like Him, be worthy' to" meet Himand mingle eternally with the righteous, who- have gone before. Amen." - ; the education of youth, hitherto in the hands of ecclesiastics, now passed from their control to lay teachers. In, a hurst of Liberalism .p....men.... . wuj vmumijmyu HUI.II control, began to extend the benefits of Bishop Atwood gave some final instructions in tlieir learning dnnrrhtnra a a vlhU aa ii regard to the casket and the remains , and their the sons, ..arid, girls studied under the The choir sanir: same ..tutors as their....brothers. -- There was "Nearer, my God, to Tllce." nothing remarkable then, in the learned ProfessElder Joseph W. Johnson, who baptized Sister or-Moruta's imparliug to. his daughter all into the King the knowledge of which ho was' master, but Church, pronounced the benediction. , there was something very remarkable in the ..avidity1 with which the child drankit all in. A PRAYER. Ulympia was lovely as "well as gifted, and the cnifi iy gt'iinumeu, .mosuy iainous scnoiars, who frequented, her father's house, were, en-- " God of earth and ocean, Mighty Hear us from Thy blest abode; xhanted with the precocious little beauty. "The . While we in faith, in deep devotion language of the Muses was her earliestt mother I 1 Praise our great and gracious God; wmgue, said one or inera in uescnoinc: ner. When Qiynipia was seven years old, her Help us humbly, we implore Thee, ' to--thei- " as it is called. She had the nobility, thegreat-nes- s of soul, to sacrifice the earthly for the heavenly the temporal for the spiritual. But, did not her father object, and did not Christ say, with Moses, 'Honor thy father and arid she did honor her Father thy mother?' Yes; in heaven. What are the claims andijer Mother of earthly parents upon us, compared to those of our heavenly Parents? Bejudes, it is an individual, responsibility this question of the soul's salvation, and our noble sister, no Less than her father, had a soul to save and an individual work of How could she have 'done salvation to perform. otherwise, and been true to her conscience the Countless are Thy mercies here; 1 IUU .vu 1V11V? UUVl HC-O IftLH iU voice of God in the human heart? Furthermore, children to VeniceTtrherever he could Mighty Prince of peace and glory! it will yet be seen that she truly honored, even her Bless our Prophet and our Seer. for he was not permitted to dwell his in the behests, By disobeying in Ferrara having fallen under the displeasure earthly father, Wc our shepherd are be w aili ng, course she took she became a savior to her father's of the Duke. In those glorious days when art In his exile from the flock, ' of salt the earth.' of 'the How one could and learning were nursed and fostered in the house Let thy power, .oh, God! prevailing, -she ever have ministered for their saivatioT in the uuwnii tji royalty, tne cuiuvaiors ana aispensers Plant him still on safety's rock; ' she not had the taken " she of them had much to bear, and the position of of God, step Temple Who for freedom now would barter atthe proudest genius amongst them was but a did. We must first save ourselves before we Purest gold, will still remain: we must our own feet gilded slavery. The -- Dukes of Ferrara were plant Oh! to see our living martyr, tempt to save others; nerhans. ... these nrinr.p.lv , the most And to hear his voice again. J r. HhfraL rif. A upon the rock, ere we reach out to rescue others l j patrons, who loved to shine with the borrowed from the floods and quicksands. Every gift and every blessing light of genius attracted to their courts. The test is everbetween the temporal and the O from Thee' above; Lord, Comes, After six years of exile, the banished pro-- . spiritual. In one scale is placed father, mother, Life and liberty possessing, fessor was permitted to return' to his native wife, children, home, courrtry-an- d possessions; in We the righteous giver own; in royal favor. He city, and was the other the. unspeakable riches of eternal life. "And with earnest supplications, was appointed tutor to the Duke's young He or she who refuses to make the sacrifice, even Now we bow in humble prayer, jbrothcra, and also gave lessons to the sovereign's if, like Abraham, they are- - required .to. .offer an of nationsT Great "and mighty-Go- d Shield our Prophet and our Seer. . onlyson, is unworthy of. the kingdom of God. years old. Morata was a poor scholar without follow and the all Master are who forsake They nthor natrimnti v than -- his UrninK nnrl.it. rnst. - - Let Thine angels hover near htm,hundred-folin life in this the and an promised him not a little eilort to educate.. hia;. peerless; Fill him with prdphetic fire; world to come life everlasting. daughter as he wished, for he had to work for Send Thy minstrels forth to cheer him of sacrifices. What sacrifice. can -- But enough With the touch of seraph's lyre; money, and she had to attend to household,-- a with the we make that is at all commensurate fa irs. With her passionate Jove of books - Bless his bed and soothe his pillow, t?ira 'ami wn nnit innimno with wJinf. U'flQ n fri-it.tle..trials y ourjj Great S acrMce jnad for - Charge his sentinels sincere; . --- r f Toss'd on persecution's billow, pale into in$ignificance beside those of our blessed joy the parents and the girl received an invita tion from the Duchess to reside in the palace Guard our Prophet and our Seer. Redeemer, and what mention are they worthy of and share the instruction of the little Princess in the light of theIories and rewards to come? While Thy humble intercedes Anna. Olympia was now past thirteen, and The re sacrifice required of us is that of a Praise. Thy name for mercies past, so advanced. in her education that she excited God cares broken heart .and a contrite spirit. Grant to Our beloved leaders the wonder of everybody. The Duchess not for and silver, nor is the smell of the last. t64h Thy protection thought her companionship would be very blood of goats and bulls pleasing unto Him. It Let Thy Zipn, now before Thee, beneficial to the child, and she was received is a spiritual sacrifice that He demands, and when In her destined freedom stand; with the. greatest kindness and consideration. Lord of liberty and glory, thatjs made the temporal will follow easily. The Instead of the luxury, learning: wag now the battle is won when the spirit ha,s humbledltself Sweep the tyrants from our land." business of her life. In a Greek poemr transand been purified; the flesh must succumb as a lated by Mr. Trollope, she says: Break. their chain from Zion's noble, matter of course. , It is the acceptable offering of Save Thy servant from their scorn, "And I, though woman, womanly gear have left, a broken heart and a contrite spirit, faith and huBare Thine arm in days of trouble, and thread, and workbasket and weftl Distaff mility, that will redeem Zion arid work out for her Bid Thy children cease to mourn; The Muses haunts, Parnassus' flowery hill, children a full and complete salvation in the presThen to Thee, with warm devotion, These have been all my joys, these shall be still.1' ence of our Father and God. Shall our hearts and voices sing; ' The Duke Hercules II., had married Renee, I might enlarge, if tirne would permit, upon the Honor be to Zion's chieftain, a daughter of France. She was a woman of Glory.be to Zion's King. glories of the future. I might dilate upon the unattractive appearance, but of great mtel- JPatox. celestial, the terrestrial, and the telestial kingdoms, lectual power and a taste for theology, which and depict reward which our beloved got her into trouble. Her mental qualities sister has attained, through her humility and in" were inherited by two of her daughters, who 0LY3IPIA MORATA". faithin and tegrity embracing the Gospel enduring "were counted among the greatest scholars of ful unto the end, I same the in show also, might their time, Lucrtia, Duchess of Urbino, and A LEARNED ITtiLIAN LADY OF THE -' connection, the grandeur of this ..religion, stigma' SIXTEENTH CENTUPvY.Jonora, the object of .Tasso's most unhappy tized by the world as "Mormonism," which prolove, i Her children were still in their infancy vides for the salvation of 'all men according to when slie became imbued with. the doctrines oi A noteworthy instance of a woman who their merits,even of those who curse it and trample with anew faith just then pieached by Calvin in combined the nrest intellectual gifts ' on its advocates ; and Geneva. domestic virtue, was the subject of this possibly let more light upon every the mystery although it is no mystery to Latter-da- y .Among the learned men admitted to her brief notice, Olympia Morata, whose short and be-with the Saints why a noble spirit, a large soul, period pri vate i n tercou rse was - a foreign- - travel ler, brilliant career extended over Fer-rara in .called .3L.Charl.es d'Kn)eville.. The Duke had dofty aims and broad sympathies, should be attween 1526 and 1555. She secret information from the papal spies, who tracted naturilly to a saving plan so glorious, in the halcyon days of .the Renaissance, tormented-hiall the greatBut it continually on the subject of arid sublime as "Mormonism;" when that city was the resort of would not be necessary. est scholars and writers of the age; for the his wife V orthodoxy, that this gentleman was Like cleaves to like; afJohn Calvin, finities will coalesce.1 The Este family were! after the Medici, the most no other than the principled an eternal and of ami art heentered the himself; apartment of the - one. enlightened and munificent patrons Duchess with the police, who seized, the . learning in Italy. May the God of mercy bless all who mourn, Greek traveller and another, to carry them off to The enthusiasm for the revival of the and comfort the hearts of the relatives and friends culture was inimical to clerical instruction, and prison; but Rene planned their escape on the f Sister her emulate to move upon.them King,and - . . . . ..! v . 1 Al & J ment, get-employ- . " -- -- - -- . . . i -- . ed . - d : , usllo f ' " - -- ... . ' . 7 . the-grea- -- - t - , -- -- was-bor- , far-reachi- ng m - arch-hereti- . c, 