WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 80 The choir sang, "Praise God, from whom all blessings flow," etc. Benediction by Bro. Geo. ' Kendall. Afternoon session; Amy L. Bigler, Maranda Byran and Jane Picton cich exhorted the sisters totfaithfully perform their duties in the .Belief Society, and " watch over their children and keep thernTrora the spares of the wicked. A Bong, ""Where are the friends of my youth," by Mrs. Elizabeth Grace, followed by remarks from Sisters M. A. Hyde and M. W. Snow, on revelation and the principle of celestial marriage. A song, "Who's on the Lord's side, it was made, by which wa3 discovered that a high, hill in the vicinity had- been completely divided into two parts by- some powerful force. - " " Captain Uriel Crocker, of Boston, celebrated-hi90th birthday at his country place in on the 13th of September last. He wan prominently connected with the raising of the Bunker Hill Monument, and has been a director of tnTOId Colony Railroad ever since its organization in 1835. His business partner, who sat by his side during the day, Osmyn Brewster, is eleven months and eleven days who' by M'rs.jSnrah A' Andrews".. Theirs was the old firm of Crocker Prest. iMary Pi tchforth ; felt to praise God .younger and Brewster, Publishers and Booksellers on for the manifestations of His Holy Spirit durWashington Street. n inters to ing our conference, and desired-th- e treasure up the good counsel which had been I It is said that Queen Victoria can wash and givenj and carry it out in their lives.- Recitadress a baby with any woman, and can generalBro. L. mountain "The by boy's prayer," tion,. ly diauuose the trouble when a child cries. A. Bailey. The Queen's skill in baby nursing was acquired Sarah Counselors Rebecca Preet. Udall, from the famous Mrs. Lilley, who attended her A. Andrews md Ann Midgley each bore a majestyat the birth of the nine royal children. the of the truth to Gospel,' strong testimony This excellent person was a great favorite with reto faithful to and desired confievery duty prove the Quten, who honored her with-he-r to A "Stick them. of your dence upon the most delicate matters. When song, quired Krntt Tnnfhor Trim " hv Mrs, Prest. Charles Sperrv desired to encourage was unaffectedly grieved, feeling her Saints to live their religion, that majesty all Latter-dashe had. lost a true friend. The old nurse, keep the commandments of God and prepare to the last proved worthy of the confidence of themselvss for every event of His" providence. her mistress, A reading, "What's the matter?'' by Mrs. S. s Co-hasse- -- husband, - - " "My dear," said an anxious wife "to her whojs running for ollice, "we mustecono-miz- e iiijevery possible way." "I do economize," he replied. "Yes she said "you spend ten or fifteen dollars a day in treating a lot of loafers to beer and whisky, just to get them to v yote for you. Do you call that economy?". J "Certainly; that's political . economy.". tt, bar-roo- - . - uerbacxh & Bro; Ei: - A Full and 'Jomplete Stock ot MILLINERY, Spring and Summer Goods ftND LADIES " ,,- - y m , DRESS TRimiVTlNGS ,1 ; " Z3T CALL AND EXAMINE: . TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS for KTJMSEY'S celebrated LIFT anil FOR.. E Pumps Repaired on .sho- -t notice. Orders imna the country promptly rospomle i to. ent PUMPS. -- 353." C ALT AiirnsrBAVID'-JAYEI.-.Sax ' LAZE CIT7. -- Andrews. Sisters Snow and Hyde,. during the confer ence, each bore a strong testimony in regard to A- - MISCELLANEOUS. are accompanied xThey are never alone that ' the principle of plural marriage; they desired to impress upon the minds of tbe Vising generation, that Joseph Smith did practice plural marriage, and that- - he -- sealed them -- to performing the ceremony in the presence of their husband's first , wives.. Said although the sous of the Prophet deny that their father taught or practiced celestial or plural marriage, they were living witnesses .. that he did. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing, "Awake, ye Saints of God, awake," Benediction by G. Kendall. It is really of little consequence Bijciiiiolt, Sec. Determine a person's worth by his actions, not by what people say about him. A good wife mast be grave abroad, wise at home, patient to suffer, constant to love, friendly to all, and provident for .her household. . Theophrastm. In every relation of life we must bear and forbear; we must, not expect perfection, and each person should carry the cloak of charity for the other Rev. M. Muggins. . . It if " GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, : X AGRICULTURAL The Vatican library contaius 24,000 manuscripts,' of which, 2,164 are oriental, 3,052 Greek, and 17,069 Latin. A complete cata logue isnow being prepared. The President and Mrs. Cleveland have returned to Washington from their summer in the Adirondack wilderness. Social life at the national capital is beginning to resume its wonted autumnal activity. The Princess Maria Josepha, niece oLKing Albert Frederick of Saxony, was married October 3rd, to Arch Duke Otto, nephew of Francis Joseph of Austria. The Princess renounced for herself and her dependents all "right of succession to the throne of Saxony. A telegram from, the City of Mexico, Oct. 4th, states that a curious phenomenon ha3 occurred atChimapla in that state. Within four days tremendous subterraeann renorts were heard, though at tin time the meteorological-conditionwere perfect. The people in the town were filled with alarm, and an investigation so-iou- ".'."' TOOLS AND IMPLE- - MENTS, - ;. Indian belles of Alaska wear a thick coating of oil and soot on their faces, when not in 'full toilet.. This is said to preserve the com- CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, ' CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL looks as fair and smooth as a good article of GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. plexion, which, after a thorough scrubbing, soft soap. Celebrations of one hundredth birthdays are' common occurrences nowadays. That of Mrs. Mary fl. Gilbert is the latest. She was born in Gloucester, Mass., Sept. ,8, 1786, and has lived there since.' At her birthday celebration, she repeated a poem learned when five years rn old. It " 3T We carry ;a larger and more Stock than any houRe in the wet, HvS. L R E D C E; : that Mis3 Rose Elizabeth Cleveland does not intend to make her home in Chicago, and that she will go to housekeeping in "The Weeds" her home at Holland Patent, N. Y. In this Connection the Utica (N. Y.) papers publish the following: "To my friends and neighbors who have this day, by their unmeasured kindness and marvelous energy, saved to me my old. home, I wish to make, some expression of my sense of pbliga- tibn. I beg them to believe that no words can ever express the gratitude I shall forever feel, -- Rose Elizabeth Cleveland. complete ' ' S u p t- - Special to the Ladies; -- is now reported b ' AT TEASDEL7S latest Will be found the styles and pioductions in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, COLLARS, TIES, RIBBQiSrS, - s ' . " . - ELEGANT CUT GLASS, - NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. Dame-universit- . HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, ' - - Gonds, Notio ns, GrQceries - will cost $4,000 and take 0,000 books of gold leaf to gild the great dome at Notre Indiana. The work is now in progress. T- ""importers and jobbers 6k ry N-x- - Two of the thrones of the last Napoleon are for sale in France at one hundred dollars . ' ' . 18(38, SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Ideas are the seedsrof thought, but. they do not produce flowers unless the soiF where they are sown i3 fertile. Zfacft Btemngton. NOTES AND NEWS. v who we are it matters more what we are. x Mary Pitch forth Prest. M. E. n n by noble thoughts. -th- eir-husbands, ; EST ABLI8 1 1 E I) OCTOIIE R, And an elegant assortmenf of j i : G-OOD- S j Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Iu-ant's- - I 112, 114110, 118 East Temple Sire -. 