WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. TEARS. Selected. . Jtin in my tears,. Like a child -A weary child Bereft of parents and friends and home No one to succor; helpless, alone; No ear to listen and catch ray cry " Alone la my tears like a child I lie. AH night have I ; I : . hare lain in ray tears, like a child, All night A dismal night: No star shinrs forth to lighten the gloom; All nature lies hushed as the silent tomb; Darkness hangs j ver the earth like a pall; Fast and bitter my hot tears fall. All night, like . a child, hare I lain ' - In my tears. O, ye tears! like the rain on the fall That earth, Saving the fruits from the withering dearth, Soothing the wounds of a breaking heart; Lifting and breaking the clouds apart; And in their glistening drops doth shine The rainbow promise, "God's love divine." sun-parche- d -- Cecil. Plaiuwell, Mich. A NEW FASHIONED GIRL. She'd great and varied knowledge, picked up at a female college, of quadraticshydrostatics, v- - and pneumatics very vast; She was stuffed with erudition, as you stuff a. leather cushion, all the elogies of the col- -, leges, and the knowledge of the past. , She knew all the mighty giants, and the master minds of science, all the learning that was turning in the burning mind of man; But she couldn't prepare a dinner for a gaunt and hungry sinner, or get up a decent supper for her poor, voracious papa, for she never was constructed on the old domestic plan.' Htarth and Halt, ESSAY ON UTAH. WRITTEN FOR THE Y. L. If. I. A. BY ONE OF THE MEMBERS. Undoubtedly, to day there is no other place, be it state, territory or country, under the broad canopy of heavenrwhich is bo universally observed, u. the subject of this sketch. Utah is talked about, written of and lectured upon, until, really, there remains but few, if any, new ideas concerning her, to be formed or expressed! So rigorously is this subject handled, both by friends and enemies, especially the latter, in all classes of society, that we scarcely find timo to measure one point, or sound the force of one argument in relation to it, before something else is thrust upon us for 'considera' tion. .. And yet, as young men and women belonging rightfully to Utah, we should give thought to her and her affairs; deep studious thought; . These are things of the past; but they must he thought of and considered in order to prowith the perly contrast the Utah of Utah of twenty and thirty years ago. Under the blessings of an all wise and all merciful Father, and the ceaseless toil and labors of an industrious and ambitious people Utah has taken gigantic strides in the paths of enterprise and development. Jtler boys and girls, from six to fifteen years, attend school now, instead of herding sheep and cows. AncL Tiere, let it be notedthat to educate the chil dren m the right way,. in all thai is useful and ennobling tothe human character, haa ever been one of the fundamental principles upon which the founders of Utah have operated. Everywhere in the Territories, where enough inhabitants have settled to form a ward or branch almost the first thing thought of and looked after has been the establishment of a school for " the children. And wherefarai-lie- s have resided too far from settlements to admit the children attending school, books and slates have been their companions at home, and the parents themselves have been the tutors. Doubtless, hundreds of our young men and women can recall with pleasure the times when they took their spelling-book- s and readers with them and learned their lessons while they followed the sheep. I know some who can. we find that Returning to Utah of her day and Sabbath schools and also her literature compare favorably with any State or Territory of equal age, and with some that are much older. In many other respects she also ranks high. Having, means provided by which the boor are relieved without the neces sity of begging. The erection of handsome and substantial buildings for public benefit, to-da- y She'd describe the ancient Tuscans, and the "Basques and the Etruscans, the griddles and their kettles, and their victuals that they gnawed; She'd discuss the learned charmer, the theology of Brahma, and the scandals of the Vandals, and the sandals that they trod. n " for. She had studied the old lexicons of Peruvians and Mexicans, their theology, anthropology, aad geology, o'er and o'er; She knew all the forms and features of the prehistoric creatures ichthyosaurus, plesiosau- -, ras, megalosaurus, and many more. . not allowing ourselves to become wearied even by misrepresentations tand odiums cast upon a theme at once so popular yet so little understood by a vast majority of the whole world, v Many of us, who now help to form the growing strength and increasing glory of Utah, may proudly claim her as ourbirth place. Others who still belong to our young peoples' association, have vivid recollections of the long tedious journey across the plains with ox teams. Oh! that toilsome journey! How many 01 ouriatners, weary ana loot-s.:rperformed the entire expedition on foot! How many of our mothers walked until they fainted in their tracks, before they would add their scanty weignt to the loads drawn by the already overworked teams. But thev cot through at lasf. those who, survived, and "found the place pre lor tar the west1 How them, pared laway.ni. it seemed to find a resting place! How good the fathers and mothers praised Gfod for His goodness; how their little ones sported and laughed. How thankful thousands wpro for the first new clothes they obtained after settling in Utah. In many instances even the littlejchildrenhelpedin the -- production of those clothes, by pulling the wool off the dead sheep, or gathering it off the sagebrush where it had been left by sheep passing along to nib- Die tne grass. How happy" many a Utah girl and boy felt inlhoso times if provided with a pair of buckskin moccasins to cover the little chapped and bruised feet with on Sundays. And oh! how good the cakes sweetened with beet "or watermelon molasses tasted. No dainties appear on our tables now that we have half the relish e, "... to-da- y, ; etc., etc. Judging from the past and the present, we may safely conclude, that if the youth among ' 59 us are as faithful to the trusts reposed in them, as energetic and determined as their parents have been, and they should be much more so, Utah, in the near Juture, will shine forth, "beautiful and glorious." . SLANDEROUS REPORTS. The Latter-day- . Saints have ever been tho victims of slander. From tho time of their existence, as a neonle. until the have been made to. feel this weapon of cowards. Very 'frequently you find whole neighborhoods who believe that our elders who aro vmti I ill I I i fi npuunn rnaiaunvi rr -- . . as spies; any one believing such reports to be true concerning the Latter-daSaints, manifests a SDirit of intense bitterness armi'mfc them And many-woconsider it doing dod's justice, to adopt any measure, however unfair it might be, to suppress "Mormonism." When the Saints were citizens of Ohio, Misouri and hand of bloody persecuIllinois, the tion did all it could to b'ot them out of exist' y uld red-rig- ht ence. They were persecuted and driven from their comfortable homes, out into the wilderness. only to meet , with the continuance of thesa vile reports. As a consequence of these false impressions existing, respecting tho tho Latter-day Saints,, many people are unwjlling to listen to the instructions -- of our elders,rwhom we send to preach the Gospel in their midst. So bitter are the feelings of men in some that they band together neigh to drive out traveling elder from their vicinitv and in some instances, seek their lives. Slander, has, undoubtedly, caused this state of affairs. Thev who ha ve come in to our mtd3t and a lovo of popular through PnnlftiiQA linva mJarorn-neool na on1 ahp in. stitutions to the World, vilified our characters, and then have stirred up this bitter feeling towards us, and fanned the flame of hatred, until they are provoked to deeds of violence, because of the slanderous reports in circulation. We don't know how long this people, who have been, the victims of slander will suffer from such cruel prejudice; nor do we know how many will reject the Qospel, because of these false reports,but of one fact we may be assured that as the sun rises above the mountains and dispels the mists that have gathered during the night, so truth will rise and dispel the sodden clouds of "slander." bor-hood- s, self-interes- t, n Hyacinth. Alpine City, Utah Co., Sept. 2nd. NOTES AND NEWS. The circulation of the Boston Sunday Globe for August averaged 105,000, and that of the : Daily Globe 99,000. - Mrs. Helen M. Gougar has returned from" her European trip. She continues her interthe"' last one esting letters in the Inter-Oceaa vivid description of "Picturesquo being . n, Ireland." Oliver Wendell Holmes," who has received no end of courtesy and good-wil- l abroad, has come home safe and sound, having kept his seventy-sevent- h birthday on shipboard. Thomas Hughes and Clara Louise Kellogg were on tho same steamer. Dr. Sarah Frissell, a .graduate of Mount Holyoke Female Seminary,took the four years -course at Ann Arbor Medical School,receiving the regular degree of M. D., after three years study, and a diploma for a special course in anatomy and diagonsia of disease. J3 he had, for six months, charge of a hospital for women and children. She practised as a physcian for seven years in Pittsfield, where she had good succe33 and many patients, who were very sorry to haye her leave. She went to Springfield two years since, where she is winning her way by her - medical skill and work. She was, ad interim, the for her alma mater, after the death physcian of the regular resident physician, before an" other could be found. thorough-conscientio- us 