WOMAN'S EXPONENT. have continued 'strong and permanent longer aDie, on accouior circumstances, to nil im up to the B. E. was Sharp appointed present time. , positions, and, Assistant Secretary, and Miss Ellen C. Anderson In England, before Mrs King became a Latter-- " made-t- he which organization again day;Saint, she was known as a writer, and had Treasurer, "The NVeH formed the complete. A manuscript paper-calleacquaintance of the celebrated poetess, Wisher," Vol. 2, No. 10, was read by. Mrs. Sarah -- Eliza, Cook, with whom she had for years an - Mrs. Kin,- - was the f orousn. 11 contained some gooa articles, ana correspondence. was vell read, followed by a recitation, "The Gam author of two books, that were sold by subset bler's Wife," by Laura Thayne; essay, "Qbedi- England, entitled, "The Toilet," and ''The ence to Parents," by Ellen C. Anderson; singing Three Era's." They were quite favorably noticed by the English press, and for this literary by the choir, "Utah, the Queen of the West;" recitation, Martha Brady, a poem by Mrs. M. J. work she received much well merited "praise from Tanner, Dedicated toMrs. Martha Nichols, and ladies and gentlemen of position and influence. published in the Woman's Exponent of August Within the last few years Mrs. King has issued -- 15m, i5io; questions ana Answers by LUlie Moul- three books,entitltd,4'' Women of the Scriptures," ton and Ellen Lundberg; select reading by Mrs. "Songs of the Heart," and an "Epic Poem," .Harriet Phillips, "Sketch of Amanda Smith;" which is dedicated to President John Taylor. song, by Mary A. Ball and Mary Rtchards, "He" It is a synopsis of lherise of the Church, etc., is Coming Home ;" essay, by Mrs. Mary beginning with the birth of the Prophet Joseph A. Sraart, "The Life "of Christ;" song by the Smith. Mrs.: King's articles, whether of prose or choir, "Beautiful Day." Prayer by Elder Charies .poetry, always seemed a part of .herself. She often said to the writer, "I write as a bird sings, Sharp. Afternoon session: After the usual exer s free-ato the was devoted cises, meeting the air and untrammelled; I care not who speaking, and made were B. E. Mrs. Miss addresses blames or praises, I sing my song for love of , " Wells, by ' Nellie Colebrook and Dr. Maggie C, Shipp of this , .. Mrs. King was a great admirer of genius and the and Marian Counselor, Bishop's Brady, Brady talent in, others, and was familiar with the poetical, Elder Charles Sharp; also President Sarah Bux historical and biographical works of the most ton. Meeting dismissed byToun. M. Brady. famous and,eminent men. and women of the age, more especially in her native country." She was greatly gifted in intellectual conversation, which IN MEMORIAM. caused her to be sought after by young and oldr who loved intelligence. She was an ardent ad- HANNAH TAPFIELD KING. mirerof nature, and highly appreciated the beauties of pur own mountain scenery She combined "Remember me in days to come, in her character the poetic and realistic, and alWhen I'm not here And think of me as just gone home though her mind soared to the heights of sublimi ' To that bright sphere." ty, she walked the solid earth with real practical views of life, its cares and vicissitudes. The verse I have quoted above is from a poem She was very fond of letter writing, and when entitled, "Testementary," written many years ago ' in perfect health she entered into it with a zest . by the subject of this sketch. and vigor that imparted to her correspondence in Saturthe at this House Died, city, Spencer such individuality that one seemed to be near her day afternoon, September 25th, 1886, Mrs. Hanand feel her presence while perusing her letters. nah T. King,' widow of the late Thomas King. Mrs. King received the Gospel in her home in maiden whose was was name Deceased, Tapfield, England, and entertained the Elders theret giving born in Lambndge,England, March 16th, i8o7,and liberally of her means, as well as dispensing was married to Thomas King April 6, 1824. Mrs. bountifully her hospitality. She loved the piinci- King was the mother of ten children, three of . pies of the Gospel, and gave up home, friends, the whom are still living. She passed away peacefulsociety of people of culture and refinement, freely ly after much pain and suffering, at the residence and willingly to gather to Zion, and she never" for of her danghter, Mrs. C. V. Spencer, having been one moment regretted the step she Had taken, but removed there from her own home, Dernford rejoiced that she had been one of the chosen ones House, a few veeksag07thatshe rmight haye the in this dispensation to receive the fulness of the comfort of the constant presence andgentle care' everlasting Gospel. The principle cf pluraf mar and attention of her loving daughter. It was riage never seemed to have been the severe trial then that would she recover and thought rally to her faith that it has been to so many women. when the cooler weather came, and return to her She received it as she did every other principle, own home, to which she was fondly attached, and never rebelled ; indeed, her faith in the divinihaving resided there ever since her arriv.d in the ty of this work, and of the mission of Joseph valley in 1853. Smith was of the most exalted type. When on The name of Hannah T. King is familiar to all her way to. the valley she visited Nauvoo, and had the readers of the Exponent, for she was a regu an interview with the Prophet Joseph Smith's lar contributor to its columns, and the other papers mether, in' whom she was much interested, and and magazines of this city had many contributions often spoke of her interview with this distin in both prose and poetry, from her ready pen and guished woman as one of the events of her life. Crolific brain. Mrs. Kin?1 was also verv well Mrs. King was of a grand type of womanhood known as a public speaker; her voice was oTten possessing many exalted attributes of character, heard in the of the sisters and among others, strict integiily to principle, and in this city, and her presence there will be greatly a lauciaDie amDiuon 10 excei in uueueciuai aium-mentmissed. On great public occasions, when the nobility of soul, and yet a spirit to yield women of Zion have assembled in mass meeting, obedience to the laws of God, childlike and withor" in any special gathering for the purpose of out questioning. Her illness was lingering and, sne sunerea intense ana agonizing pain, uniu ner or protesting against memorializing Congress, wrongs or injustice, Mrs. King has always taken vigorous and fine organization gave way, and for an active part. weeks she lay prostrated, yet passive and resigned In the early days in Utah Mrs. King was a memto go or to stay as God willed, realizing His time ber of the Polysophical Society, a literary orwas the best time. . Ward in Thirteenth held the was funeral Her residence at the ganization, that held its meetings of AposUe Lorenzo Snow, who, at that time, reAssembly Rooms, on Tuesday, September 28th, sided in this city. There she became acquainted and was numerously attended bjrkind and loving, with paen and women of talent and intellectual friends, and by the relatives who reside here; also her only son, Thomas O. King, of Elmo, Cassia ability, and formed bonds of friendship which M-rs- . d County, Idaho, who came in to be with her In her sickness, arriving only a week previous to. hef death. It seems a fining close to a life such as Mrs King's that it should have finished its course on the Saturday night, the last day of the weekf and ng in To-nig- ht sing-inS.- Quiet and peaceful and tree from pain she lay on that lovely Sabbath morning'theiastln September; the struggle was over.the battle of life finished.and she lay sweetly sleeping the last long dreamless sleep, from which there, is no waking again in this life, nor until the morning, of the first resurrection. two son and leaves a daughters, fifMrsKing teen grandchildren and four great grandchildren, who will have her example of integrity and uprightness, as well as her numerous writings to stimulate them in the path of duty. Mrs. rung wrote wnat sne called "A Codicil," which was published in full in the Exponent, April 15th, 1882, fr6m which we make an extract 'or two, as appropriate in concluding this simple tribute to her memory. "To only those it may concern, . brief words have to say: Entwine n o flow e rs around my Urn, Let no cold eyes beholl my clay, A few , I ." - b When death has sealed my pulses lip, ' And bid my heart to cense its thrill, 7 - nen 1 nave drained we s " mingled cup, And eyes and heart and brain are still,'-Themay some dear and treasured hand i -- And 'tis my wish nay, more commandl That none death's secrets seek topiobel "I , want no one to gaze on me curLus, apathetic eyes But those who loved me,' they, may be Admittedwilh their fond good byesl VVilh Cenotaph to be W ithin the Jiearts of those I love; I ask that they will shed for me A few sweet tears, their love to prove. I wish my ' " I here will say, me! remember ones! My dearest "There's nothing more And heed these words nay, more obey. And sec that they fulfilled shall bet INTERESTING VISIT. " -- gs s, , Dear-Siste- r: ..:-'---. left Salt Lake City orr the loth of September. this place, and Sister M. A. Hyde joined me at ' .. . . i i-i .i .' r?i iuwvh wucrc uisnup we went to l nisue oiauon, met us with a team, and conveyed us to Fairview, and we were received with a hearty welcome by I t his. kind family. -! attended the Relief Society of that Pitch-fort- h placeM. A. Hyde presiding. Here Sister joined us, coming by way of Moroni. After the minutes and reports of the last conference were read and accepted, M. A. Hyde,myself and Sister Pitchfonh addressed the sisters.' In the afternoon attended the Young" Ladies' conference, Sister Helen Armstrong presiding. Sister M. A. riyue, UCmOIllI, dUU UIJ acil uu uiohwj tm.u addressed the sisters. After meeting we went to Mount Pleasant, while Sister Hyde went on to Spring City, on account of sickness in the family. In Mount Pleasant Sister Pitchforth and myself stopped at Bishop Madsen's. The 12th, Sunday, Sister Pitchforth and myself attended-Sunda- y School, and spoke to the children, who were very attentive. We expected to go to. the general meeting ia the afternoon, but Bishop Seeley insisted on an appointment being given out that we would speak to the young men and women in the afternoon, all who wished to come, then fill up the house, with older people. Of course we could not say, no j we felt our weakness, but tht Led On the- X i th 