Editor 'EMM RUSE II. WELLS, I'uWMx;'! otic copy one copies for had the satisfaction of peering out into this dark and lonely place and observing.the effect when the fcl4asfts of the light )f among Ahe black, shrqbs and trees and over the mountain sides like a veritable "wih.;a' the wisp," making n picture gloomy, enough to sug the gest - ghosts, hobgobli ns - and nymphs ol wood. ; The following morning the"Conductor informed the passengers we should soon reach Marshal Pass and Soldiers Summit, and in order to.see all that was possible, we went out on the, rear platform. The train was passing. through snow sheds every EXPONENT. MAN'S . in Salt Lnkc City, Utah. Terras; one copy six month, $1.00." Ten emi-raonthl- yeir, S2.00; - jr Rt-on- s " Address all basiuej.-mnmu- i , ' PUBLISHER. WOMAN'ri .KXl'OS'KNT, Salt Lakk C'itv. Ui:aii. - Lake City, January i, . j 886 FROM SALT LAKE TO NEW YORK.' - Leaving home abruptly mayseeiha little strange to some of our readers, but: even editors need a change, if not a rest,,and so, without further apology for goinjWe will tell those who care to know that on the morning of the i6th of December, we said "good bye" for a short season to Salt Lake City, and took the D;& R; G7 "Railway train for the eastT It has become proverbial th'at this route has the most charming scenery of any road ; adjaceni to Salt Lake.. The first place with which we were not already familiar was Spanish Fork calon, though we had heard it gloriously described' by others: The scene was wintry, but very fine, and although not so beautiful as it would be in summer, yet suffAt iciently: picturesque to make it interesting. Price we' saw, for a moment or two, young Bro. B. F. Williams, who, with his brother-in-law- , is Cummings, putting up quite a pretentious store at that settlement, which is, by the way, the last "Mormon" town on the route. Tlje next place of y special attraction and importance in the way of was Castle scenery Gate, which fascinated one with its impregnable rocky walls that seem to frown down upon the traveler like formidable giant structures. At this writing it is impossible to decide- whether mountains covered with verdure, or wnu, wiera rocky Heights arc the most attractive. It is not surprising that the. Indian loveu these giant rocks and their surroundings, for it must be something sublimely grand to hear the roar of the cataract, or the dashing, foaming river in these mountain regions, and the eagle's shrill call and echo reverberating among these rocky passes; and when the wind sighs and moans along the new fissures or cuts, and bursts forth into a tremendous shriek as it gushes out into the broader opening, it has a tone of the. strength of an agony that breaks down all the barriers of conventionality, vents itself in wild sounds that pierce, as 'twere, the very heavens. The imagination has ample opportunity for play in gazing on such stupendous wonders, in nature as Castle Gate, and the similar rocky castles, towers, turrets and pillars. Ope canreadly JelieVeJhcieBrerc-sccure- hiding places here for the Gadianton robbers in such mountain fastnesses. In one's mind many a strange tale of gypsies, giants, robbers and brigands might be formulated in thought while passing through Castle Valley, though one had not the time or conscience to weave them into romances to Je,given to the public.Soon after passing Castle Valley going eastward, daylight begins to fade away, arid': the outlines of these wondrous pictures grow more dim and indistinct but a trifle more weird still, and fainter and fainter until the moon and stars announce the approach of night. Learning that the train would pass through 'Black Canon during the night, we' asked the porter to call out, that we might awaken and see something of this shadowy and dismal region; he did so, and as it was a clear and starlit night,' we v?rrajges and large town's, On and the view was quite pleasing, and as the evenings were moonlight, on would not tire of looking until a late hour. - There was a sick man on board for whom we felt great sympathy and for his wife, who' by the way was very agreeable and sociable we learned that they had been in Arizona, for some months past, in the interest of the Smithsonian Institute at Washing, ton. They know a number of the.Mormon people down there. The lady spoke freely of her work ;in and Jtastes,and:of-theigreat-contra. that in the Summer and Autumn she was generally frw minutes, and turning round and round the out in' the mountains with her husband," exploring mountains, the road seeminglyJorminJiorse- science hyerachToT Ihese turnings. Around these foTTelics and curiosities in the interest of. in the and a great part of the time on horseback, high and steep mountains, which look nearly perWinter, mingling in the life and society of the pendicular, the railroad is cut into the side of the Capital of the Great Republic They Were very mountain, and the train looks as if it might be pleasant people and not'at all lacking in courtesy . precipitated at any moment into the yawning when they found they were 'conversing; with a chajm below. Many people, it is said, become Mormon. ; very nervous while passing over this part of the in to the at ran train The in won was the all Chicago, at 2.30 to us but depot fear forgotton way, der and grandeur of the marvelous, scene with p. m., and at 3.30 we were again steaming out of which we were surrounded, and in admiration of that great city. One cannot see much in an hour therefore we only had a ride jn a coach.br transfer the adventurous and ambitious men who had from one depot to another, to catch the Chicago & this mounTalhgToirand prepared the way ' for the iron horse to enter, snorting aud shrieking, Atlantic'Express. While at the station,' we heard a conversation about Utah, between, some, ladies to waken up again to life and activity these lonely who had been out there! and one who had not been and deserted regions, where the wild beasts and so far west. It was rather interesting; and more in birds of prey had held unlimited and undisputed favor of the people than agains them. There possession for generations past. Marshal Pass were several men-or- i the cars who occupied all has often beengraphically described by tourists, and-onneed not stretch the imagination at all to their time: playing cards, while others discussed" science and religion There1 were two ministers give it importance, as it speaks for itself in terms and two Bible missionaries, at least so" the con- -' not to be mistaken, and all one has to do is to ductor said. A Japanese grandee occupied- the gaze and admire. The Ouray, Peak is:pointed state room with his gentlemanly and white comout, and one has a fine view., of it now and again as the train whirls round and round. The Royal panion,' and they played cards and drank lots of champagne. His" two sons had a section next to Gorge and Grand Canon of the Arkansas follow in quick succession as the 'train travels rapidly the state room and were readinc:- books in the one and an these Japanese language at first, but after a while they .magnificent scenes, through commenced playing cards too. They were very only remain perfectly silent and absorbed in contemplation of this grand and glorious natural nicely dressed and very fine-- looking, yet their faces were scarcely so pleasant and intelligent as scenery" which the country affords to the eager i fails their father's. to express the traveler, Language utterly The train had to wait oyer at Homersville in impression this sublimity of grandeur makes upon an ardent lover of nature ; the most potent demon-stra- ti New York State, and the men in the Pullman car on one can give to one's feelings, is to were very much annoyed; from that time they the quote the words of inspired prophet, ''Great grew more restless and excited, and some became and wondrous are thy works, Lord .God Alquite angry, and the languagethey used was not mighty.' very choice. However, all. things must have aft This route is worth all the risk one makes in end and so had this trip and the train came into traveling over it, and for beauty and attractiveness, Jersey City at ten minutes past one in the morning. " we have yet .seen in the way surpasses anything O, the noise, the. hurry, ..worry, bustle and con- of natural mountain scenery. All who travel for fusion; immediately we were irt a "bus" and d view or or excitement to the wonders of pleasure over to New York, where the noise was still the world, should take at least one trip over this greater; and after driving over, the stony paverailroad route. The train reached and it seethed going overj miles and miles ments, Pueblo at 4.20 p.m., and then we alighted at a or streets we ' alighted at the Grand Central Hotel large and comfortable station, where we were to on Broadway, safe and well, having had no acciwait until the arrival of the A. T. & St. F. train, dent or even unpleasantness on the way. In our about one. hour and forty minutes. Most of the next we will tell our readers something about New passengers who were there to change carsjtook a York City, what we saw and whom we met, where stroll around the'eityy for t is qmteatown we went, and perhaps get as New Eng' with handsome streets, stores, restaurants, " land. v' etc. We were under the impression that this was the place where 'some of th"e Mormon Battalion A HAPPY NEW YEAR. wintered, but on inquiry we were informed that it was a little distance away, at . old Pueblo, and we "A happy new year!" Would that each day of had not time to go there. At six o'clock we were life might be as joyous to our iriends as is the again on the train, and going forward with all of this old familiar phrase. Four little sound possible speed. There was a little girl on the car who attracted words that never can grow old, but only sound better and cheerier each succeeding year, echoing the attention, of the passengers, a sort o Jtvas from every side as friend meets friend. In their rarity and we enjoyed it'very much ; indeed it was a utterance the voice assumes a gayer tone, the face treat :to have a gladsome little creature like her a brighter aspect, the hand a heartier clasp and among so many selfish and matter' of fact men for the heart a lighter throb; sorrow' seems to vanish there were but three women in all. It made the time from the mind, the past isrecalledas a gentle time pa more pleasantly, for there was no scenery dream, and the future gleams before us only as to admire m that part of the journey, at this season some brightly colored picture.! Fain would, we ot the year. pause upon the threshold and think of the comings We reached Kansas city the next evening, jnst year as only a succession of bright and happy - her-life- st " . perle-trate- -- cl e - -- " - -- Altontrain. . , sur-roundi- in i:me to catch the Chicago and this road we passed ic&t-.yzty- '..'.": of nine, AdvertUngyaics: . .Each square, ten 'lines of nonpareil nfouth, S3.0Q, A libeul discount upat'e, one Ums,'$20; to regular advertisers. Exponent office? No. 2' E.; South Temple Street, hours from 10 a.m. Kate east of Dcsaret News Oflke. ' to a p.m. every day, except riundny. the-pric- Salt EXPONENT. WOMAN'S '1107 - , f " - being-ferrie- " far-fam- ng . ed in-dee- d, "- - iaas . . 