2 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. On Friday rooming, May 18th, the Stake to the times in I feeld. to ., sense the them -more PresidentrAnna Lrlvinsrwith her Counselors," wEIcEwe live -- and the important event3 I dearly- Our time of rejoicing is in the near ..Mary B..Eynng and A. C. Woodbury, left St. transpiring,-whic- h all bespeak to me the lattery Humble and iaitbful, that we George to visit llio' western settlements of4his I be us let am I days. futUre; proud of ray religion and it chosen ones. the in Stake the interest of the Relief Society and principles; all aro pure.ennobling and exalting may be amoDg mis-been B. had on a Associations. ! Ferguson Dr. Ellen ;to those who live righteously before the Lord. Primary On the 19th we held meeting with the good to Washington, and while there, in ob My chief desire is to live faithful and true, and was around had her, transpiring gerviDg what people of Pine Valley, and ; had a very good may God gVant mestrength to stand un waver time Wo then went on to Pinto, and held ing; and unflinching every trial and test He I Tealized keenly that the ancient prophecies f meeting in the' evening. On the 20th, after may see fit I shall pass through, is the prayer of ffere beiDg fulfilled; said, "No power of 'man is God's for 13 hand th in wort, it, meeting with the Primary, we traveled to Your sister in tlie covenant, can alter 4 anJ the unseen hosts of etern i ty are work ing f JEIebron and 31. A. Tim,. g, but, ' Ha( a ln conversation with Gov. scatter out in the summer to look after their his to' I "West previous coming here. One of cowsrit leaves very few to attend meeting. We traveled to: Bishop Terry's ranch, where we HAND PAINTED STRAWS AND the questions he asked me was, 'why could we were very kindly entertained. On the 21st not have a new revelation, and settle all this BONNETS. him told I were not so we went to Clover Valley, twenty-fivditsurbance?" they miles, and put up with Bro. Lyman Woods and his plentiful that you can get them to buy; "Amongst the many novelties of this seawe.re-ceivethe welcome another person said he was going to come and and pleasant family, hearty son," says a writer in The Queen, "are the : mftde us feel that they appreciated the bring us a new revelation, which would have straw hats and bonnets. These sisters' visit. It is near three years since we are totally dissimilar from the colored straw the desired effect." In reply the Dr. said she did not think he. was near enough to God to visited them, as there are so few living there, attained by dyeing the plait, and also from had but the same' .but we had a' very good, me ting, and on ihe if it have a revelation, produced by introducing colored had we ours as it a l stamp 22nowe proceeded on to Panacea, where we straw. into the plait. The supply of the colors might give hearing. Told us of what she had said concerning the were royally entertained by Bishop M. L. Lee. by hand which is made after the bonnets I we "and celestial law, if On the 23rd we met with the Sabbath School, go back to history we creates an effect unattainable by any t will find thatweare - not the only ones who as the. Primary had been discontinued on ' other "process." 1 he "dyer can impart to straw of the sickness of the President and herT almost any strongly defined color, but he is have been persecuted for believing what they j EdMade mention of the Counselors. . We urged the necessity of keepthought right." of endowing it with neutral tints. It munds Bill; thought it worse in its present ing up the meetidgs. Panacea is proverbial is to the successful blending of these indefinform than what it was before it was amended," for its many beautiful children. In the after- - able shades that the d bonnet owe "We will be allowed to live and work, but not noon we met with the Relief Society'; we had. their success and beauty, The producer? do to hold any office. We are in the same posi- - but a small meeting owing to the notice. not not design to replace the ordirtary garniture of Hon as the Israelites were because they were in On received been time. 24th the foundation of having the headdress, but to make-th- e not r keeping God's commandments and walking we returned to Bishop Terry's ranch and the latter harmonize in tints and general effect in his ways, they were put in bondage; but we The 25th we reached' with the fancy" material'1 worn for" costumes, stayed- - all night. know that the end is near, and there is not Harablin in time for meeting at 2 p.m.; we also and to let the painted design be subordinate one but will be tried to the very uttermost." met with the Primary. Great credit is due to the trimming. While dye removes brillancy Said Brother F. D. Richards bure Sister Mary Westover for the interest 6he has from straw, the improcess of; h a faithful testimony' in the Supreme Court in taken in the children. It is hard to keep parts it. In many instances the shades .of regard to plural marriage, and made many meetings up in these small settlements. Wo color supplied are in a kind of marbling or other remarks upon the work she had been enwere advised not to trv to cross the Clara River, mosaic, without any special design. In others as it was high, so, on the 26th, we returned gaged in. bright flecks of color alternate with the shade? Mrs. S. M. Kimball remembered the time home, having traveled 220 miles, and hope we of the straw. All these tiutc-bonnet and when she was in Washington, in some to with done the have Saints in good talking hats are made waterproof, so that the beauty urging Mrs. Babbitt, whom many of us knewwas "of the shadingmalnr no rule either from theirjduty. ' there some " time with her husband, she told Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, I ret lengthy-on- e; her "the nearerylTu T come tothose great men the decoration is applied to hats and bonmain, the smaller they appeared;"they think they are Your Sister in the Gospel, nets of all shapes, and. they can be quickly A. C. Woodbury. wise; but tjiey do' not have the Spirit of God. painted to order. A special hat of the Gains''It has been remarked, 'wo are in the position borough typo bids fair to become popular, and of the Israelites, if so, we have to come models will doubtless harmonize r gotto many-othethe very botiomof the ladder, and it behooves A TRIFLE. ' successfully with the varied costumes of this us to nourish and the of strengthen germ season." faith. that is in us. Weare aiming to rise to a Editor Exponent: higher sphere, and if we lose our light we are I bavejaeen reading the number of the Exin a deplorable situation. God will help us if RUSSIAN LADY DOCTORS. ponent for May loth; it is replete with we try to help ourselves. He has a battle axe sentiments. Upon perusing "Washprepared for His people. However slowly Civilization may travel in ington Jottings' and "Our Little Paper," I Mrs. B. W. Smith said we have bo need to felt to exclaim, "God bless the editor for her the land of the Czar, there is at any rate one feel discouraged unless we do wrong ourselves; untiring and persevering energy while abroad; thing in which Russia is further advanced than ahvays have our lamps burning brightly, that I know she is doing much good in disseminatmost European countries, and thiJ is the openwe may be prepared for the future. being the principles of our most holy religion, ing of the learned professions to women. ParMrs. E. S, Taylor said she had met with sides giving o much time to our ticularly anxious i3 the Government to make,, quite a number of associations in different valuabla little Exponent." It failed vjny the study of medicine as easy a3 possible to place? since she had met with us here; thought with thankfulness to read the spirited women, and there appears io be a real demand the sisters were and' especially the heart waking up, from her pen, so brightly, yet so ably for female medicos all over the country. The items Y. L. A.; they are improving greatly; thought to admit the portrayed. I am truly gratified with her Government has now r tvery one of our young girls should be me:n efforts and our other goodsisters' in trying to schools of medicine for women among the bers of, these association and if be heard, that prejudice n3ay be removed, and number of high constitutional' schools with a them correct principles they will abide by. the falsehoods circulated about us as a people fixed organization and the right to give dithem", we ought to be very" careful what be refuted, and justice, in part, at least, be plomas. - A project-- for the organization U now -company they keep,they should be; taught theThe women of Utah should be before the Minister of Education, fhe munigranted. y'll of mixing with those who are not of us. heard to be kno.vn, and our testimonies borne cipal council of Hr. Petersburg, considering ' grayed that we might discharge every duty. the Government, "'and to the world, that none may be left without an that it .femging. Benediction by Mrs. E. B. Wells. for we this to are the take women institution under not not on ihe town, excuse, supposed; we are liberty loving, and willing to its protection, has proposfd a joint arrangeassert our rights. The free use of the ballot ment, by 'which the town undertakes to piy SISTERS' VISIT IN ST. GEORGE will ever represent our honest convictions; we annually the rum of 15,000 roubles toward STAKE. are brave and honest, and will vote which way the- mdintenance of the institution, the pro-eti- g : Sister E. B. Wells: of a house for tho installation of lecspeak loyal, C T our consciences it be are who, not women, seen, daunted, ture rooms, museum?, etc., :; and by extending ; may Diur Sistkr: Knowing4he interest vou when our cause is just and clears the rfght to Temale students to pursue their ali Latter-dathat endured Pertains to the who have and stood practical studies in all the St.- Petersburg hosmuch I t1? or, .thought a few line iiom St. George persecutions under adverse hardship and aggravated cirpitals on the condition that the professors are ,. wouId not be out of chosen from among the physicians of theee place. cumstances, and the same righteous spirit is in I is beiDg .more thoroughly taught u n de rst and-- it entile?, so t h a t--t h ey-m- ay 'e 4 to-da- y. i - 1 - 1 - . s-- 1 -- held-meetin- f0r-u- s. ; e d hand-painte- d : ac--cou- -- the-mixture- s are-blocke- d nt I in-capa- ; ble hand-painte- : ind-paintin- g d Thv-jtrtjcezs-ir-- nota damp-or-rain- .-1 r ' soul-inspiri- ' ng . ". anc-though-t -- we-tea- ch -- down-trodde- n - noble-minde- d we-kno- w y - 