r rr-- J imsornm The Rights of the Women of 7Aon, and the Rights of the Women'of'a "Vol. 15. SALT LAKE: CITY, UTAH, JULY 1C, 1880. OUR OWN NATAL DAY. All hail! to the Flag of our Country, ; Afloat on the soft summer air; A chord in the heart of each Patriot Is touched by this Emblem so fair; Cut a joy thai U mingled with sorrow Beats high iri our bosoms ;: - And we fear that the National honor Is rapidly ebbing away. ' It has to-da- y, t ' -- : . ' , . Trord homes that once were so happy, A murmur of anguish we hear; . Where children and wives with their teardrops Are bedewing fair Liberty's bier, Mourning for husbands and fathers, and brave The noble, a to dark, gloomy prison, Dragged away And'soraecf them laid ia the grave, true-heart- I . ay stout-hearte- -- Where peace reigned supreme for a season, Satan ceased for a time Jo oppose The air rang with'sounds of industry, . "And thedesert it bloomed like the rose. .When our enemies opened their eyes To the coffers so up, They were eager to grasp the rich prixet And drink from the full, flowing cup. ': - fast-fillin- .;- Dark deeds of the past are repeated, Brave martyrs still fall'by their hands, While many of earth's greatest heroes Are exiles in far distant lands. , "Of the'marfjr who languish in prison, " 'Thereare three noble men far away ' -At Detroit, in the House 'of Correction, For daring God's law to obey. ,L. ,- . ? "''.; Now suffering with jiiibs maimed and bleeding, Through a penalty vilely imposed ' How pur hearts overflowed with regret When tidings so sad were disclosed 'and endearments, Bereft of home-joy- s . To cheer their long hours of pain, , tears' of their, loved wives and children While the .. y . summer rain. Descend like the warm ' . " .- - Bat , ' 2 1 . '. . j . sparrow falls not without ntice, rOr vOr in Heaven hath said,- A And those who are heirs to His promise jShall. never be found begging bread. . j ' We know He is steadfastly waiting ' ' The day of His infinite wrath, To reap down the field of thewicked - Who tuni not aside from their path. Oh, cruel and base persecution, Now heaped on an innocent few, Who bv soubt long in vaia for protection 'Neath the TUg of the Red, White and Blue; ' J i But ''rengecelTralne.saith the Lord, And the tares shall be burned with the chaff, Ferrent heat shall the elements melt. Consuming the scomers who laugh. i ' - ' ' ". . ' i r 77 . The wheat safely garnered with care, In reserve for the Great Master's use, Are those who, through faith, hope and prayer, The fruits, of the Gospelproduce, Then let us be firm and unshaken, , nt - from the chastisement sore; Shrinking Still Vrusting the God of our Fathers; " Press forward in fakh evermore. ' Mary. A. Tts City, Anient, July atb, itiS. . " . g . -- , ;.' - - . i blessings are seldom appreciated at their lull value until they are lost. For instance, we have all seen healthy, robust young persons who rather envied the delicate looks; the freedom from labor, and the dainty fare of those who were frail and unhealthy, and who seemed to consider their own health and strength as .burdensome and as bringing upon them the .. roughness of life. But there is one blessing which no one past the age of childhood has ever underrated, and that - is youth. , To bo sure children long to be older, but at least hal f the wish is to be larger. A child instinctively feels that itjs hampered by incompleteness, and it has a strong and proper desire to unfold. It likes to boast a larger foot, hand, or . head than its companion because that seems to indicate a nearer approachjto Jhe estate of manhood or womanhood. , But once let years enough roll by to. admit the youth into the coveted society, of grojvn up persons, and permit him or her to share the pleasure and pursuits of "what is called young society,and note what a change comes over the spirit of the dreamYoung gentlemen and ladies are fond of gentle excitements, such as theaters, balls, picnics, flirtations etc, and their friends like to indulge thebi. in these things because they know so well that, youth does not last long; and that these pleasures soon cea3S "to please. Just a you, if you had a little sister who could drink milk and enjoy it only one day in a year, would like to uee her have plenty during that one day. Thevoung folks themselves are usually so charmed with their favorite pleasures that they cannot understand any other kind; and are slow to believe that other folks do enjov them selves. They see nothing to- compens'abe mother f( r her days of toil and anxiety, and her nights of watchfulness and care; nothing toresOQcile exertions to "make father to his never-endinends meet." They cannot understand nor ad mire the sober sociabilities and serious conver sation of their- - elders. Sometimes, in their unfkdcred ignorance, they conclude that the world has outgrown father and mother while theywere too busy with farm and babies,.tith-inr- r and temples, to notice it. They pity their rmrenf f for being old fashior.iid. and glow; andare glad ana proud tnat tney came into ine world just when it was cutting its aharpest teeth. They realize, after a fashion, that they, jtoo, must grow old, but they resolve that never,, no never will they "settle down" to all work and no play like father and mother. They mean to show how business and pleasure can be combined; but in the extreme case of heiog actually debarred from all recreation, as mother is, they will die protesting against fate, but never Drove so recreant to every principle cf good taste as pretend to be satisfied with ' 1 such a lot. This, my friends, is the glass through which youth looks at advancing yeaw; but the qalf, whose owner induced him to" feed on shavings by furnishing him a pair of green goggles through which to view them, was not more ; ed to-d- been said by: the wise and good that . , I By the pitiless hand of oppression, Now seeking for unbounded sway O'er a land that once was a desert, Though smiling with plenty d Produced by the pilgrims, ..Driven forth from their hardly earned store, Who found, o'er Jhe broad, trackless prairie, A home and a refuge once more, . ceded ' Jacllna GROWING OLD. - '; ;"" . FaphiIuh. oflatter-dcfint- s I ' A few days ago, I "heard a 'gentleman- anrl a lady, each not far from thirty years old, rather wjodoliiLg with each other over the con - O tThlrtjlife IslnTeal i ty oyer, and there remains little to do hut wait for the end. ; Despite the ill manners, I could not help laughing in thejr aces. "Lifo over at thirty! There never was a greater mistkke. The gaiety, and lightness of early youth may be over; the clouds pf expectation, dreams of romantic and the fancy may he dissipated; but these things are no real loss; and Life is just begun. I am and I would not give the last nine thirty-ninyears, with all their care and actual sorrow, forall the other thirty." "Is that true?" they inquired almost with incredulity, and I as sure all my young friends that it is. I would not say that if the first thirty could be blotted outLthe nine would be more valuable than any other nine; but as a sequel, as summer follows spring, as harvest folloMs seedtime, they are more excellent. If we make our youth a seedtime, a season of preparation for things which are to come, we need not dread to grow old. Every year added to our age will open fresh fields of enjoyment, each broader and richer than the last. ' Each new burden which laysupon our shoulders will being, if we bear it bravely, its cwri peculiar and sufficient reward. Each difficulty met and overcome makes us stronger and more willing o overcome another. Even grief, if we always acknowledge the hand of God, will purify our souls, as fire refines gold, and develop those finer sensibilities and purer sym pathies which will . enable us to become ministering and comforting angelsto our "fellow creatures in their afflictions.? Think how soothingly upon the ear of a stricken otie falls the Tsoftly spoken ' 'yes; my brother1 or "jesfmy sister, I can feel for you' because I have passed -through the same ordeal." When we thus begin to reap the ripe ears from our Rowing, we learn to welcome each day as itjcomes with its duties and rewards, and bless each one as it takes its flight.. Such is the cise with those who place duty before inclination, and busi- - n ess before pleasure. But sad is the fate of those who (like the improvident husbandman who piped and gathered: flowers but sowed rfo seed,) make the pursuit of selfish and idle pleasurr. their one aim. They shirk responsibility and care.therefore they do not learn the lessons these things are designed to teacb. They fail to grow; their minds remain undeveloped, unripened, unprofitable; like the unploughed, nn planted field. , They dread to see youth with its thoughtless pastimes slipping away from them, because they are gaining nothing more valuable to replace them. No fruit follows their spring blossoms; no golden grain replaces the fair green blade in their neglected fields; and age comes to them with empty hands. nOhou who are young, rejoico in your springtime of life, not alone for its butterflies and breezes, but for its golden opportunities to prepare for a bountiful harvest when Autumn shall come. Twine your rosy garlands, and forbid not your light feet to dance and your dewy lips to sing in - thankfulness for your happy lot. But take heed that you do not J: blindly follow pleasa re regard les of duty, lest she twiner serpents with your flowers and betray your feet into pitfalls. Write it down in the sealed book that there is no more J conclusive testimony to life than repihings. over vanished youth; nor any truer record of a wise and wellspent life . than cheerfully, gtacerully grwing oH. rosy-tinte- will-o-the-wi- d sp . e, -- -- : . . 5 -- - va-wast- ed 