, ' - The Rights Vol.. 10. -- ' ' of (he Women York Relief corps, who exprfssed herself in (Of the Ufms of deep sorrow at the prospect of there being within the sound of her voice" seme woman patiently awaiting deliverance fro ktr londage." victori jorder among the troops. Hrrrr--- .'...J de- partments of the G. A R. were very beautiful and artistic, and each brought to mind some There cometh a cry from rfee daughters of Utah, thrilling event of the war. The march of the Front women whose sorrows now stand at your door; veterans was quite touching, and they, were So kindly you've offered your leying protection, greeted with cheers, hats raised and handkerOh, give them their rights and they'll ask nothing more. chiefs ; waved as they passed along. Gen. The right to b "honored as wives and as mothers, Loo;an was cheered more than any one else, The right to protection in honor and truth; which surely must have been a great mistake, The right they would crave as a boon above others, that is if Col. Jones was among them; but you The right "to the husbands and homes'of their youth. see, as the "Salt Lake Herald" stated, he did Then lesryou should breairddwa the bulwarks of freedom, not wear a badge with his name on; and I alAnd soatter the ashes on liberty's shrine, most fear the Californians were as ignorant as God has what decreed the them, the Utah people, but for fear he might take it Oh, givlo people 'The Tight of obedience to law that's divine. hard if he were not greeted joyously, Belle and I waved our 'kerchiefs and smiled inces- Win you give them a right to a representation, santly; I hope he saw us, for we can smile if we The rigkt to a voice whire their cause may be heard. do "Morraonp," and belong to the much-hate- d The Tight of redress from the head of th nation we smile whenever we think of poor Col. Jorfes, Award thera the justice of one loving word? who was treated so meanlv by our citizens. They have spoken in love, they have spoken in patience, There were verv fow colored men in the nro- They have spoken in words tharwere tender and tro r cession, but those few received loud and hearty 'They. have ipoken in actions of silent endurance, cheering, but the most interesting part of the 'In love and esteem they are speaking to you. procession were the lines of aged men tenderly Us ycxr spirit oppressed with the chains of their bondage? and carefully carrying the old, faded and Then into your heatrthey would earnestly plead; tattered flags, that had done their service in TThdr husbands are wronged and their substance is squan- the war, and are now held among the greatest dered, treasures of the Union. The music was fine, Oh, say, will your voice for their woes intercede? and all in all I believe it was a grand success, "There are mothers we know, who are loving and tender, though the city decorations are not so fine aa And wives whose devotion is loyal and true; : many expected they would be. ILwomato should ik for a voice to defend hert Monday evening we all went to the Palace We ask if that voice would be centered ia you? to hear the band play and catch a glimpse of the Great I)gan, in neither were we success- There are women whose hearts would resist the oppressor, .ful, for the Gen. drove out of the court as Wuld sacrifice much for the objects they cnty we walked in, and the band followed, but we Jo your sympathy seekiag from wrongs to redress her, made a pleasant call on Mrs. Eldredge, and Vith kindest itetions your loyalty prove. had quite a nice time watching the great And give to the women, the "'downtrod'f Ion, throng of "fashionable women and brave men," The right to stand forth in their honor and worth. to quote Gov. West, the fashiocable must here sons and the husbands The they rely on, tbey love, be substituted for beautifulpromenade the These gifts they would prize as the highest on earth. splendidly lighted corridors. We saw Modjeska at the Baldwin in . Mary J. Tanner. "Mary Stuart;" She is, as ever, the most graceful and perfect actress of her day. Her voice is soft and full, her accent slightly broken, her THE G. A. R. IN SAN FRANCISCO. costumes most exquisite, and above all, her subject and fine elocution renders her the most SOME THEATRICAL NOTES. fascinating and charming "Mary Stuart" I We left the house about 9.00 the time have ever seen, even though her face may not advertised for forming the procession, and be as beautiful as the most fair queen of Scot land. walked dowa to Van Ness Ayenue the finest Last night we were all at the Bu3h Street avenue, I think, in the city; it is so very wide Theatre to see Margaret Mather's Juliet. and has most beautiful residences. The procession was very long, and much thej Most of the parts were very poorly sustained, but Mis3 Mather wa3, really very fine, though same from beginning to end, but withal quite Neilsonr - interesting. It was headed-b- y- the soldierH nothing to compare ANNIE. trom Jresidio; I could not help nottciog how : poorly drilled they seemed to oe; their lines were dreadfully uneven, and their behavior REASONING ON MRS. NEWNAN'S . TheyIaughed and anything but soldier-like- . STATEMENTS. talked and turned around to look; at the spectators, and carried their guns in different ways, and in all were much behind the company, at Editor Exponent: Fort Douglas when undergoing simple dress In "reading Mrs. Newman's petition, my , parade, and then compared with the German heart is filled with indignation at the falsehood forces, as I have ieen. thein drill in Munich and injustice of her accusations. Many of her and other cities, ihey seemed to lack every statements are so ludicrous that wondered know whether to t Jhbg belonging lo the military. I get angry. Taken if the veterans were not displeased with them, as a wholet it is laugh orworth our notice, but hardly ' with ranch feJ the soldiers, 1 when we reflect that the world is evr readv to J?4 disorderly, would have s''pdor slioVfar gaining believe, SutSout reHsctftu, tb many wild and ' -- -- a-m- i : AUGUST IS, 1886. Ihe different banners carried by the -- ., . with-Adelai-de I ; I . I V also, thou gh t, more tlmn ever, that EurojVcaris were justihed American army as they do. This is really not exaggeration: ! was astonished to see so little an d , i i r of Zwn, and the Rights of (he Women of all Nations..- - SALT LAKE CITYV UTAH RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED TO MRS. ,. MARTHA NICHOLS- - ' No. C. unreasonable things aid of us, or ridiculous they may appear, I feel that we ought not lo pass it by in silence. Her position in regard to Brighara Young is. somewhat anomalous as is that taken throughout, and when I undertake to defino her statements I find myself at a loss to gather. " her meaning. r I had always supposed that suffrage was conferred on woman at the instigation of They said the women of Utah were slaves; give them the suffrage and they would soon throw off their shackles. But men had confidence in. the true and loyal hearts that had stood by them in weal a'nd woe. They knew that woman ; wouldinoLbeifalse. to the instincts of her nature, and sell the rights and liberties of her friends and protectors. And for what?. For less than a mess of pottage. These men whom we sustain aro our fathers, our husbands and our sons. Wo stood sjde by side with them in the struggle for subsistence, when this Territory was a barren, desert wilderness, when the howling wolves and ihe half starved Indian tribes, who scarce bore the semblance of humanity, were the only creatures that could subsist in this barren and forbidding, region. We stood by them in a boasted land of freedom, while fiends in human shape murdered and plundered and sent us forth beneath tho chilling frosts of winter and the burning suns of summer, homeless, friendless, hungry and weary, battling with the necessities ot humanity, and bearing the scorn of the world. And then because our natural intelligence prompts us to follow the first law of nature, which is she taunts us with ' being slaves. If we are ilavef, let us serve thn masters we love and who love bondage on such terras is tolerable. What does she offer us in exchange for our chain?? She. would brand us as harlots and our children bastards, and then offer us the poor, pitiful pity of the world. We know it, and have felt it; God help us, we want it no more! Brigham Young was "not governor of Utah when the suffrage was conferred on woman, neither was he when the railroad came here. She says truly that railroads ore great civilizers. The snort of the engine w the bugle note of progress. "We looked upon it as such, and rejoiced that the highway of commerce was open at our doors. We rejoiced, too, that people of intelligence could come among us and see for themselves that we were misrepresented and traduced. The spirit of progress and the cultivation of the arts and sciences would gi?e the rising generation the opportunities their intelligence demanded. ' Vhen they built Jbe high way across-'- the continent they found U3 a simple, a virtuous and a' progressive people, laboring to convert this mountain region into honieevjiud making asd tb? it attractive by tne hum spirit of contentment. Driven from the confines of civilization, we made nix oast.3 iu ths desert, encouraged agriculture and manufactures, made it possible for pecj-J- to pass nvc'r the highway to the land oi goM. What was there to encourage the setliemerit of these valleys? What was there to sustain us in the battle with hunger, privation and despair? Taith in the God of Israel alone could do it, A mining population would have (starved; a would have ruined the cossty. fold excitement di wValtVto open mines, and tltit non-Mormon- s self-preservatio- n, u-- ; e ' . s. -- 