now cave us the right of fr&nchx-.th&t,ouv e would-breformers would- acpiif;- n women of Utah. nailed the but we know that the liberty and privileges we ." eajoy will compare iavorably with toose 01 any other people on the lace ot the earth. ,1 am sorry for the rulers bf thU nation, that they should allow themselves, to be blinded by prejudice and misrepresentations of a few adventurers, wno are nungenug mm mauug the pleasant homes and property ot tne Godfearing people of this community. -- But they are fulfilling prophecies.- -! am sorry for this nation because they are fighting against high heaven, and I pray that their eyes may be opened to this fact before it is too late. On motion it was declared the sense of the meeting that Congress be memorialized,and the following committee were appointed: Mr. S Mr Kimball. Mr?. E. S. Taylor. Dr. R. B. Pratt, Mrs. M. I. 'Home, Salt Lake City; Mrs. Johns, Provo; Mrs. Pitchforth, Nephi; Mrs. ii. U. Jirown, Ugdep; Miss Ida i. iook, Logan; Miss Jda Coombs, rayson. After singing by the choir. Mrs. Zina D. Young spoke a few words of exhortation to the ladies, and offered the. benediction. r e W down-trodde- A . l . 1 Jaw-abidin- g, . t m v lilts rs a w ati-- i - r i T MVliMU2i$ AVjrAlIN. Senator Edmunds'- - bill, confiscating the church property of the Mormons, has not had a. tendency to briny out the best and most AJhrist'liKo principles otrthat peoj)ie. it was an act unworthy of the great nation; there is no question that some of the Mormons are as honest and conscientious in their, belief in polygamy as Senator Edmunds is in his religious belief. , It is well known by all . that there is a large class of Mormons who are earnest. "With that single exception of the' doctrine of polygamy; yet this latter class must suffer with their more extreme brothers. Putting this all aside, Edmunds' bill cannot be considered the proper way 10 aeai wun mis question. 11 it is a crime, it jV at the same time a religion, and the extremists who condemn it the most would condemn Sbakerism, and that is a religion Ve have scanned very closely the also. columns of the Woman's Expqnent, a paper published in Salt Lake City, and" we find it teeming with apure,ennoblingervent,nd forgiving spirit that is not excelled, if equaled, by any religious paper among our exchanges, and that is what called forth this article, for we expected to see a less Christian spirit exhibit itself under this new attitude of our government. Peabody lleporter. x NOTES AND NEWS. Miss Alice Longfellow. held a large card reception on SaturdaV. the first fintfirrRinmPrifr that has been given in the classic old Craigie house since the death of the poet. John B. Gough is said to have had what is called a strong presentiment that he would not survive the present year. He frequently told his friends that he would never see seventy which he would have been in August, 1888. ' At the regular meetin? of tho Sharpen Society in Columbia College last night the copy of the second folio of Shakespeare, discovered in Utah "some months ago, bears the fly leaf autograph signatures, which upon are said to be those of Shakespeare and John Ward. the artnr. ' line, the toothed pinion which works in- to it being driven by nlachinery. 4 Suffolk of The first settlers county brought . with them the Bible, and in some of these were bound selections from Psalms set to grand chorals. . J. Lyon Gardiner, the present owner of Gardiner' Island has the ; Bible which belonged to his ancestor, Lyon Gardiner, who built the first fort at Saybrook, Conn. Thi hook was printed in London in 1599. It contains the book of Psalms, withinusical note. A like volume 13 in the family,ot the Tllrr? . 2- e, ; "TH0 Sowing MacMno of tho Ago! 5,000 Tin. TJss in. TJtali. ItTo-v?- - - late HonrSilas Horton, Southold. It belonged -to the first Barnabas Booth, .who was in Southold in 1640. The Huguenots brought the French Testaments with them. The Testament ntalned one hundred and fifty Palm3 d nntp f.ft PVPTV Sfll lllleT A. oif tn .hnrolff-witVcopy of this work is owned by J. II. Isornean, of bouthold. The Queen of Portugal is reputed the best dressed Jady in Europe. Her original style of beauty, associated with her exquisite taste ana her eniovment4 of abundant means to gratify choice of colors, fit, and; ma her terial, give her supremacy, in the realm. of dres and adornment., But the lineage of the. distinguished lady who shares the honors of royalty with King Lui3 I. is of the highest, and ives her family relations with some of the proudest reigning houses of Europe. Queen Pia is the youngest daughter of the late King Vittorio Emanuele. of Italy, and sister, of cou rse,- - of Kinrr" Urn berto I. S he wa3 born Oct. 16. 1857. and was married Oct. 6. 18G2, before she was 15 years old, to King Luis, who had succeeded his brother, Pedro V., lessihan a year before that-timHer husbaml i3 nine years t)lder than she. The royal couple have two children, both boys. Uoe ot them.rnnce Larlos, Duke ot JJraganza, wa3 born bept. 28, 1863, and the other, Prince JUfonso, Duke of Oporto, on J uly 31, 1865. i ta 3 - well-skille- e. V CO 38 at Rivcrsdale, Oneida Co., Idaho, Feb, 20 1 SALT LAKE CITY, ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, v n 4 m m. tt wi u ifi, .1, n, SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF 8 36, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, ELEGANT COT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL . Tt)QLS AND IMPLE- - MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, F. Auerbach & Bro. A Full and Complete Stock ol - "jjomesiic,77- of dropsy, Emma C, Vail, daughter of Peter and Mary Ann Precce, aged 22 years and 14 days. She was born in Franklin, Oneida Co., Idaho, 6 of Feb. 1864, and leaves one little girl, one month and 24 days old. She was a member of the Relief Society and was assistant secretary in the same. She died in full faith of the gospel and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. . k. M Old Constitution Building, Main Street, Dry Goods, OBITUARY. DIED, o "2 d ; MILLINERY. CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL Spring andrSwmmer Goods GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. AND : .x UD1ES DRESS TRIUllHiNGS. SST We carry a largor and more complete Stock than any boose In the west. CALL AND EXAMtNE. H. S. ELDREDCEi Siipt. TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS -- Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FOIiJE PTJMPd. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. -Aidrtis. CA7I3 3ia23. Boj 3C5. SILT LAI2 CI77. ' Far Saleat t&is omcee BOOKS BOIR, SNO W. PRIMARY SPEAKER, Nos. 1 and'C 25c MU3IU UOOK for Primary Hymn Book, 4oc POE.M3, by E. R. Snow, Vol. 1, . , m 0q 6iceimc:raTine wuimninj; nf tljQ author, bound In morocco'O I 25 CORREiPONDENCE OF - TOURISTS, with Med 0f Georpj A. Smith and Lorcnzrr Snow. bound in cloth, $1.25, in mortcco. ,1,. en-rari- Special to the Ladies. AT TEASD EL'S Will be found the latest styles and pioductions RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, -P- ARASOLS, v RIBBONS, COLLARS; TIES, IACES, - ' -- : " -- A concession has been granted by the Swiss Government to a. firm orfilprtrifi"! at Geneva for making & railway up Mont Sal-ennear that place. The line will be made vith a central track very similar to that of the ' rr copt And an elegant assortrucnl of ' " D-B- Y GOODS; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In x" ant'a Shoes. ngi 4 ' .112, 114, 110r 118 East Temple Street. 