II- - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 138 - vQ&h ' own conscience, V he exclaimed, with hand across the open Bible whose teachings he was asked to renounce: "Until convinced by reason and scripture, here I stand! I can-no- t do otherwise; God nELP me!" These are the stalwarts of history; the beacon lights along the, shores of Time. They are examples which God has given in the past for the emulation of the present and the future. If any are in doubt, and have not the Holy Spirit to teach them . in whatdirection their duty lies, let them turn to these human guiding stars for inspiration. The light shed by such examples, with the great and: infallible criterion of God's Spirit, which burns unceasingly in the heart of every .true and faith-fu- l Saint, will illumine duty's pathway throughout the darkest night and cause it to shine brighter and brighter unto the perfect day 4 r O.F. Whitney. .' SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. 41Y YHITXEYi (Continued.) Some of the members of my father's family had previously left for the Great SaltLake namely, James Smithies and family, Peter Hanson, Mary Ellen Kimball and Mary Forsgreen. My uncle, Wm. Murray ,had gone with his wif e and daughter and little son- their eldest son having gone with the pioneers into Missouri to work to obtain an outfit for their journey the next spring. But all were soon prostrated by disease, and Uncle William's sad forebodings expressed before leaving his beloved sister, were soon realized. He fell a victim to disease brought on by the severe hardship and privations to which he and hundreds of others had been subjected, withont even the necessities of life to sustain them.7 His family was lying sick unto death in the State of Missouri, and this, added to the already heavy cares that were resting upon my mother's shoulders, almost overcame her. It was also a heavy blow to hi3 eldest daughter, who was living with mother. But though they felt it a sore bereavement" their greatest solace was the thought that he had obeyed the Gospel, and had never flinched from .his duty, but had. died in the harness. For a testimony to those who may doubt my statements I will present a few lines that were written by my mother July 29, 1847, after seeking a retired place to pour out her soul in prayer to : Him on whom she leaned for strength and wisdom, and that light which drives away the unwelcome mists of darkness and brings sweet rest to the weary soul. . - . - . "My soul doth magnify the Lord, And praise Him for His holy7 word, For He halh blessed me from above, And filled my soul with light and love; My body, too, He hath renewed. My path with blessings He hath strewed. L never ask amiss." Ai'ta nnnfhor thprp. - .,- I have barely touched upon the scenes that came under my notice "during the absence of i he pioneers, but am able to testify to the enof joyment many happy seasons after the mighty struggle with the destroyer was over, and we were again in the enjoyment of health, a blessing that none could appreciate more fully than myself. Some of the, little circle .hat met often one with another to obtain that ..olace which the comfortor alone could give," iave passed on to another stage, leaving one r.o Leauiv LO THE UTAH WOMEN. lllU OUlV vbDint tnat susiaraea amwi : cheered them during those trying sccths. nf thft-H- o in the family of ' the late brother John Pack Sisters Julia and Ruth.who will bear witness to these things, and that there wereno repinings such a? we. read were indulged in by the children of Israel, We could say with one accord" as did the prophet Job, though reduced in worldly circumstances or reproached and cut off because of our- - seeming wickedness, yet in the midst of all our sore calamities we were buoyed were confident of a up with a holy hope, and is the searcher glorious reward from Himwho of all hearts and has promised that " the meek shall inherit the earth. The unbeliever may scoff but we know that it was the Holy Spirit the Comforter, and that faith, born of it,that sustained and buoyed up the drooping spirits and lightened the cares and toils of the weary under the varied and trying circumstances that were calculated o dishearten any but Lattter-da- y Saints, who possessed that living faith that enabled, the., soul to look .Jbrward to a glorious future, trusting to that Mighty One whose power had preserved and led them thus far and had delivered them "out of the seventh trouble." It i3 a sad thing to record the apostasy of any who were once so highly favored as to re ceive the great spiritual manifestations which were enjoyed by Frances Swan and Sarah Lawrence. Both were sealed to my father over the holy altar in the Temple at Nauvoo. The latter .named had been the wife of the Prophet Joseph, his first wife, Emma, having given her and her sister to him a9 his wives for time aod all eternity. Sarah made choice of my' father to stand as proxy for Joseph in this life. But she allowed a jealous nature to have full sway. She and I became warm friends after she entered my father's family, and even "after she became disaffected and thought to better her condition by marrying another w were still friends and she met nothing but kindness xfrom father and his. family, he with mother, and other members of his family went by invitation to spend an afternoon at her house, after she was married : X. to her last husband. But the man she married had proven truant to one wife and her little ones, leaving them to struggle for existence in this valley through the hardest times experienced here. And not until they had found friends to succor and help to keep the wolf from their door, did he make his appearance, and then he had very little of the Gospel though he, at first, professed to be a "Mormon." He had come from the gold mines of California where he had made what was then considered quite a fortune. It was not long before he proved the truth of my father's predictions as he denied the faith and returned to California she taking Sarah with him.; But failed to find happiness even in monogamy, as he turned out a dissipated character, and it was only a few years before she was divorced from him. She had lost every spark of the Gospel, which had once been her guiding star, and was finally left toherself. She became so -- wicked that when paying her last visit to Salt Lake she denied emphatically ever being connected to Joseph or to my father, and was very insulting to those who: dared to dispute her word. She abused her brother Henry's second' wife most shamefully, when meeting her in his store, laying to her the most humiliating and abusive accusations, which proved her to be a most vicious and heartless woman. Her brother, Henry Lawrence, was so annoyed by her unprincipled course, that he was : among the most thankful when she left here and returned to California, where she soon died. Two are still remaining .; . -- My Lord, go with me through this day, And may I never cease to pray Por wisdom, faith and righteousness, And may nr "it-see- ms country is urged to tu'memoer jbtsryag. oi congress vvrite at once to every -- from his or her State, and ask him to use his to defeat in the House of utmost influence .. . 1L...1 um pasaeu Dy ItepresentatlVes ino Buaiuejui violate to freedom, justhe Senate, proposing vested rights, by robbing the women tice, and of Utah of that suffrage which is theira by law and practice. : d This bill is peculiarly outrageous. Pro- " fessedly aimed' at Mormonismp it allows Mormon men to vote; and disfranchises both Gen- Tf th ii a in odious penalty on thousands of citizens who have not been convicted, of any crime, and violates vested rights, a violation wnicn even so conservative a jurist as the late Judge - Jeremiah S. Black declared illegal and intol." erable; The success of tbisjbill will strike a blow at the rights of every woman in the. land. Let every suffragist not only write to members of VOngreoS, UUfc gcfc eyoijr uuo woe nuuvau uo induced to do so to write them likewise." Also -- W. ftvArv-nn- e chairman write touHon-MrVHil- L of the Committee on Territories, House of Representatives, Washington, D. C. This is important. A bill with the same purpose has several times passed the Senate, but we have always, by vigilance, succeeded in defeating it in the House. Senator Frelinghuysen at one time carried a similar bill through the Senate. We held a meeting at his home (Newark, N. J.), lnd-trotesom ti on sti tuen his requesting him to change his course. . Thi3 disturbed him so much that he felt obliged to make a personal explanation in the Senate, and afterward acted very differently. The ndw movement is stronger woman suffrage O cj the Representatives, let than then; Chairman Hill, feel its power. especially Vermont suffragists should set to .work at once to secure the nomination and election 'tor the Legislature, throughout the state, of men of Senawho will vote against the tor Edmunds. He has been always the bitter foe of the rights of women. Let Vermont women and their friends see to it that he is permanently retired. ' - long-settle- v -f- ss-ar , re-electi- on in securing woman suffrage in Utah, and has these suggestions most earnestly as the fruit of "' . experience. . H Hamilton Willcox. Woinan's Journal, Jan. 1G. lent address before the Brooklyn Woman Suffrage Association at their last meeting. The rooms were crowded. for- Mrs. Chute,, , 0 merly an accomplished teacher in Lafayette, miles to vote.- -: bhe is Ind., goes thirty-fiv- e postmistress and notary public, owns two has claims and works them, pleads large herds of sheep and cattle, is' an expert florist, and in addition finds time to readxthe, x magazines and the Woman 's Journal . law-suit- s, ' Prof. Susan M. Fry, who has the department of Belles Lettres at the Bloomington (111.) University (seven hundred students), is the senior professor in rank, and thus becomes acting President, in the absence f Dr. Adams. At such times she presides over the large Faculty of which she is the only lady member, and leads in her turn, at morning prayers, all this being taken as a matter of course by the gentlemen of that progressive western college, 'i Mrs. Fry's professorship has been en- dowed "with $27,000 by Charles Cramp and wife, wealthy farmers of Macon, 111. 