53 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. On Wednesday, August iSth, the P. A. of the Twentieth Ward held an annual meeting in the lVf r TlniJ.c rrciHInrr TliPf ar. ..,nA .v j J naiu IimicA identified with the-Saiin her youth, she was earfy imbued with a love for the principles of the Gospel and a reverence for truth and honesty. Having to suffer the. privations incident to the persecutions endured hy the Saints in Missouri - advanand.Jllinpis, she was deprived tages of, education generally considered necessary to qualify a.young woman to appear, to advantage in company ; at the same time her inherent qualnts . children rendered Jheir exercises very creditaby.. Many visitors were present, among whom were Sisters Ellen C ClawsonPrestP A,,; this Stakof Zion, and Lydia Ann Wells, her Counselor,' n-. C a :;A. i. T v 1 . a. oi iuune j. rest. i vjcnuem bister xumraa Ward, and Sister Presendia- L. Kimball and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, who each made brief remarks ifies of modesty and good sense, coupled with a studious disposition, enabled Kerto surmount obsuitable to the occasion; L and 'gain sufficient book learning to become Utah's Delegate to Congress, the 'Hon. John stacles a leacher,'and she. was able to appear to advanT, Caine, returned to his home in this city, Suntage in the best society. With no ostentation she day evening,- August 29th, accompanied by his was under all circumgenerally wife and daughters Misses Florence and Martie stances. ' Caine. We congratulate Mr. Caine , on the sucfilled honorable' positions in Although having" cessful efforts he has succeded in making to ward connection with the benevolent institutions among off adverse legislation.- We realize to some ex- the Saints, her life labor has been most appreci1. a a t . ranu- - auusi. ieni now aruuuus nis lauors nave joecn, ated by her intimate friends and relatives; that here at home he may have the opportunity of She was one of the first to receive the doctrine recruiting his strength and preparing himself for .of celestial marriage, being taught that principle the winter campaign. Mr. Caine deserves great by the Prophet Joseph Smith, to whom she was credit for his indefatigable labors and the Vigilance married in 1843, hy Apostle; Heber C.Kimball. with which he has watched and guarded the inteIn those days it required considerable rests of the Territory, he has the honor to reprefice as well as faith to enter into that order. After sent. We join with their many friends in welcomthe death of the Prophet, Sister Eliza was married ing Mr and Mrs. Caine';and daughters to their to Apostle Amasa Lyman by whom she had five mountain trust and fully home, re lovely they may children; three of them are now living. Her son vacation-hethe short their old Platte D. enjoy among .. Lyman, was born in a wagon on the r anu true. menus Platte River, near Fort Laramie, while journeying to the valleys of the ,'mountains, the parents havAugust 9th. ult., we had the pleasure of visiting Union Ward, in company with Sisters Preing been driven out by mob violence with the rest T. sendia It of the Saints from Nauvoo. Kimball and M. Isabella Home. was the occasion of the annual meeeting of the She accompanied hereon P. D. Lyman, to San Relief Society of that place. We breakfasted on Juan, where he was sent to take charge of a comour way at Sister M. A. Smarts, who, by the by, is pany of settlers, having to make a road through the Secretary of the Society, and a" very ener an almost impassable country in the winter time. The suffering and anxiety consequent upon that getic andmcient one as welLan active worker in benevolent-dutiein directions other Meeting journey, and the residence in the San Juan counwas held in the new ward meeting house, Mrs try where her son Joseph A. was shot in the knee Elizabeth Richards presiding. After the usual by a horse thief and lay helpless between life surrounded by Inexercises and the reading of the minutes of the for abouT2year;-bein- g last annual meeting, the financial report of the dians, Utes on the one side and Navajos on the Society was read, and was highly creditable. The other, no doubt served to break down a constitution by no means robust. resident is in very leeble health, and both the President and her Counselor are quite advanced in Upon the release of her son from the Presidency work's are of benevolence they ofthe San Juan Stake, she returned to her old years; yet by their an illustrious example urine younger women. home in Oak City, Where she appeared to feel unSister Kimball addressed the congregation in usually contented. Although enjoying the society her usual tender and motherly manner, and spoke of the Saints and always rejoicing in of the Gospel, her lot in life hasnot been an eloquently of the work in the Logan Temple, and particularly in reference to the work for the dead. easy one ; but it has been one of 4wo1f oirnocflir n rr n a rlnfic r f almost from Clofor infancy, and "sheWas never happier the mothers in their homes, and also upon the than when ministeri ag tojhe comforts of others. n rtcp vimA A(Vafark f a .irUro tn n! If honesty of purpose and integrity to the prinorganizations, and encouraged them to persevere ciples of the Gospel will insure a crown of celes and in made Remarks were tial glory, Sjsfer Eliza will certainly receive one. by others, ' Jti e v i i ii .il l anu Edward Partridge. jiogeiner ine meeungs uoin iu uie loreooon afternoon were very interesting, and a good spirit prevailed. Probably the Secretary may send minutes of the meeting for publication. of-th&- - .r- ' . " t - " - se - self-possesse- d ' : being present.- Remarks were made bySister M.I. Home and others suited to the occasion. At a subsequent meeting in consequence of the need of assistance, Mrs Julia Howe, the treasurer, hav ing gone 10 tugiana on a visiiana.iurs. L.yuia in Alder, the Secretary delicate health, Mrs. Emma Bull was appointed assistant secretary and treasurer pro tem.-lC- d. - bekig-detain- at-ho- mc ed SELECT SCHOOL. On the 6th of September 1886, Dr. Godfrey riessei or this city intends opening a select scnooi for speciaL branches of instruction, in classes at No. 56 N., 2nd West St. His terms are-fo- r two lessons 3 week, 4.00 a month in English Grammar Arithmetic, Geometry, Latan, German, - -- T ' 1 1 1 self-sacr- i- 1 1 . "- - "and Vocal Music' Private . lessons in languages $r,oo a lesson. Music lessonsvat the residences ot pupus two lessons a week o.oo a monm. Mercantile Arithmetic, Correspondence and Bookkeeping, Mondays Wednesdays and Fridays from 8 to 9 p.m. $6.00 a month. Dr. Hessel seems . thoroughly .jqualified for the work so far as education and ability are concerned. He is a member of the Church,havingbeen converted and embraced the Gospel in New York Citv through of Brntlir Ifart. Kmi. a thi tpnrhinrrs j is the author of some of the grationngentr-H- e. . articles in me TT.tT uian journal"l.lxnai nave aiiracicu considerable attention. We wish him success in his labors to instruct the youth of Zion. There mav be a number of vouner people who cannot m i'i m if vii i ii vi iir mr :i t n nr iiiiw versity who might avail themselves ot this oppor tunity of Dr. Hessel's select school or private teaching. - " 1 a v; 1 1 T 1 i 11 i 1 1 111 1 1 " i 1 1 ' s. RELIEF SOCIETNOTES. and-deat- r the-princi-pl- es self-sacrifi- ce TTrht-rt- Y a . V 4 Vi well-doin- 1 .' - 1 g, - OF THE RELIEF DEATH OF A GOOD WOMAN. SISTER ELIZA M LYMAN, AFORMER WIFE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, PASSES v FROM THIS LIFE. ProvO. March 8th; 1886. juuir AscfCfc itiuj. Many of your readers will be pained to learn of trie death of Sister Eliza M. Lyman, who departed this life on the morning of the 2d, iast., at Oak City, Millard County, U. T. She was the eldest daughter of Edward and Lydia Partridge, and was born April 20th, 1820, at Gainesville, oeauga County, Ohio. Her parents joined the Church of Saints when she was Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y "quite young. This action changed the prospects of her whole life. From having been in easy circumstances before, her subsequent life was to be one of privation and self sacrifice. Becoming - SOCIETY- MAY OF THE , ... On account of the death of our loved President, Mrs. Marinda N. Hyde, we were obliged to Bishop John Tingey, with his Counselor A. E. effected the Hyde, assisted by Mrs.' M. I. Home, following organization. Mrs B. W. Smith was chosen President, with Mrs. Julia Pack, as first and Mrs. Harriet A. Preston as second counselors. The secretary and treasurer remained the same as heretofore. Bishop Tingey added his blessing and hoped the new organization would be as united and ' faithful as the old one had been. Lydia D. Alder, Secretary. P. S. TheBishop and his counselor also set W. Smith apart the President, Mrs. Bathsheba and her First Counselor Mrs. Julia Pack. Mrs. Harriet A. Preston, the Second Counselor, not . f 1 R. 8., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A, REPORTS. IIUNTSVILLE. I7TH WARD, l8, ,1886. ' in charitable disbursments. Wheat is computed by bushels. Nothing is to be reported except under one or other of the printed heads. A Real Estate increases in value this increase .t . must oe snown in me receipts ior me six monins. Presidents and secretaries are requested to attach full name and address to reports. Reports are hereafter to be sent to Dr. Romania B. Pratt. Office over Godbe and Pitts drug store, Salt Lake City, and they must be sent in promptly hv the icth of Seotember'and if latter than the 20th of September they cannot be used. M rs." S. M. K 1MB a Sec. ll, Romania B. Pratt, Asst. Sec Editor ExroNUNT: ' " Deak Sister; It is many years since we reported our ward. We are in the tops of mountains enjoying the spirit of our religion undisturbed by the outside world, and while? we enjoy this,we are not ignorant of the doing of other places. -- We are well posted through the columns of our little Exponent, which is always a welcome visitor. Would at were more widely circulated among our friends outside, as well as home. When we read of Mrs. Newman V extra we feel,' as ladies in Utah, if we had to echo through the land, we would tel! the opposite, for we know the statements there in are false. We have lived in the world, and have resided in Utah for over twenty years, and can say that nowhere do children cry les3 for bread. Women are not the creatures there spoken of; our organization va--ganz- as the-powe- down-trodde- rr r 