...-- 30 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -: by its opponents as a subversion of the great and prospectors muItiH.jTTho-.-trily'flecei ver then e voluted frori his narrow soul the retrogression principles of civil Lequalitj--- a3 cheme of enfranchising, tfo Mr. Edmunds presented the following petiin politics as formulating civil disabilities on magnanimous women. The Mormon legislature: Taaoj tion of Mm. Angie F Newman:' J the basis of religious belief. 1 mu ' The Gentiie minersj wer i mnttL hill. is a .".This . m. jt . i . . ... however, a i construction, perversion n.T" i tr tf jf entertained be aud by those married men, or had" left their families in the can of facts, only L re&entativts of Vie Forty ninth Congress: East, Every Mormon citizen; thus had who have studied the problem outside the ' GentCbmen: The undersigned respectfully Territory. The test of given principles, under his civil power extended in' correspondence ' with his numerous alliances. represent that on the 6th of March, 1886, a disparity of conditions, must yield unexMormon women assembled in mass meeting -- Thus a man with half a dozen .wives would pected results. The civil polity of Utah Terriin Salt Lake City-t- o protest ..against tho invatory is unrepublican. It .xwa3 framed by a now nave nan a nozen voies Desiaes his own. sion of thir l rights by Federal interference, in, sentiment and hostile "Brigham Young would have nineteen for his people , in the The spirit of protest crystalized appoint-in purpose;a people unfamiliar with the genius, nineteen wi vf, to say nothing of his daughters men t of a committee to memorialize the Presi- - nf rpnnhlifjin institutions: fresh from the des- - and the whale army of spiritual wives he might States in the D0tisras of the Old World: saturated with its dent and Congress of produce. town ot a "declaration ot grievances ot the I ebirit: whose initial and final intent is the es To the intelligent discussion of the justice a. r t t. i iv of this franchise it is necessary (1) to examine tablishment of a theocracy within the Repiib peopie oj uian. Said committee drafted the memorial, pro while the statute on which it is based: (2) to enquire ignbr-- ; lie; who, claiming ; its. immunities ceeded to Washington, and nresen ted .it to the to ing its supremacy, borrow., only so much of wno were tne national Congress. its constitutional forms as best conserve their determine if statute itself is in harmony with It has been read in your hearing. l,- ..." independence; who locating the "kingdom to organic law. The following preamble and resolutions are ce-the of come", in the fastnesses; mountains, j iiie uut cyjuxerriug upuuvK.uuicu.ine elective : embodied therein: -'rr. ment its foundation stones with an eccle3ias- - franchise, approved February, 12, 1870, reads:, ticisra unknown in; the .'annals of history. Whereas, the rights and liberties of women are placed " Every woman of the age of twenty-on- e years, who has in jeopard by the present cruel and inhuman proceedings Thrones and shrines were builded.crowns worn, resided iri this Territory six months next precedine ny in the Utah courts and ' in iitclmttmfIated measurelv and oblations offered, ere the eye of the nation general pr special election, born or natujalijed in the United ' Congressto deprive the women voters in Utah of the elec ; caught the smoke of its incense. l - Vv States, "or who, is the wife, wlclbw, or the daughter of a " -1tive lraBchisei- -I nerelor belt of native-borHailrojids aregreatcivilizers.-or naturalized citizen of the United States, Restlvtd by the women of Utah im mass meeting the engine is the bugle note rtof progress. ; In ? shall be entitled to vote at any election in this Territory. the suffrage originally conferred upon us as a 1869 the -- Union Pacific laid its last cable. Class legislation is hereby, established, the has become a vested privilege political right by possession" Thelramp. ot the millions began and usage for fifteen years, and that we protest against t- fundamental principle of republicanism vio to echo alone the canyons.' A new civilization ing deprived of that right without process of law, and for Lbegan-tlated, and the statute thereby made void. into the valleys. The Moun creep -. no omer reason man inai we ao nor voie to suit our poiitif he qualifications of the male voter as fixed tains or U tan, with their threads . or silver cal opponents. r" as folio ws: and dust of gold, ; called with r "a hundred by the Territorial legislature-arJbirst. If native born, he: shall be six These; resolutions are the expression of Mor-- : tongues "Come," and they :came loyal men, Lmonths resident in the Territory. If foreign men fresh from the victory of battle, from the ; '. mon sentiment. There are Gentile women in Utah Territory." sacred atmosphere of Christian homes. I hey born, he shall be a naturalized citizen, five came to stay years resident in the country." He shall be On this basis of civil equality their "protest" .. n I -111nave t wen e The pulse of national lifo began to be felt years of age.: He ; shall, be a tax--' . Bnouia equal consiaeration irom youri ' '. in Zion. The hierarchy must resist its throb. payer. "'..l'. nonoraoie ooay. defined No are for the female in blundered Government national had qualifications As an eye witness of the ceremonies at the The Theatre meeting; as a long and close observer making its chief governor of the Territory, a voter except such a are overruled by the dis or of the effect of iemale suffrage in Utah; having man whose dictum, in civil or ecclesiasti- - junctive "or" ''or who is the d cai:circles "was absolute, wh ose si ightest d efiuite pe rsonaL knowledge,; of the Gen tile daughter . of a . native-bor- n ' or naturalized . J ' citizen." was emphasized bjr a "Thus : saith the sentiment touching this question; as a member 'It would puzzle an astute registrar of elecLord" With intuitions which amounted to ot the committee who drafted and circulated the petitions (mentioneoTin the. folio wing) askprescience, this dictator ftreshadowed the'disl tions to discover who is thereby debarred the ; V ;:. '; of the "franchisee M ing the repeal of the act conferring the elective solution of church rule in civil administration -- exercisa - The woman or girl";who isnot" the wife, franchise upon the women of Utah, the under-- ? through the influx of Gentile residehtE und ' justlv signed, in defense of the great principles of tb.Q ballot in the hands of American citizens. widow, or daughter of somebody might naturah-zatiobe denominated in: "anomalous! actio resourceful in .;The civil equity, respectfully submits the fallowing Diplomatic u, methods, the of the 7 section provision u was of no weight, as proven memorial, asking of the holding keys power, spiritual and tem-- ; passage of Edmunds bill, now pending in the national poral, this magnetic brain evolved"" defensive in the immediate results which followed the - '.i;,..: measures which were executed with celerity passage of the Edmunds bill. Under its regis-- ; Congress. , '..'' y: : tration .clause aliens are required tp produce All law, human or ,di vine, is the exponent and precision. " -The most audacious of these measures was their papers of citizenship. In the two weeks, of sotereignty thereafter,, two nfttfonal recog r the proscription placed upon the mining inter:Thedutf;7of-indiyiduai-;-o- r preceding the. first election ' nition of. or obedience r to law is measured byi ests: As often as the Gentiles opened the thousand (2,b00)aliens most ,?pf whom" had the nature of that sovereignty mines, as often - as Brigham Young went out habitually voted, their wives and daughters as . Divine law J3 unconditional. From it there: with a band of benighted; dupes, and 'well, "were naturalized in the twdxlistrict cdnrts ' S'"':'H-'V- under the light of the stars closed the mines of Ogden and Salt Lake City - The inequali - j .is no appeal. ''V ,'."';'" Human law may be only a synonym of tles- - with imposing ceremonies and pronounced ana ty of the statute' and its license 'of power is potism; the arbitrary edicts of rulers the" very themas upon the adventurers. This failing, the Been in its application tOi emigrauts.--iupolicy was adopted. 1 he com-- : trains freighted with recruits for Zion, which .antonyms bt justice. The very elements of 'shot-gun revolution sometimes inhere in civil enact manding general at Fort Douglas was obliged arrived a day or two preceding elections, were ments. . to detaii soldiers to protect the men engaged; met at the dep6t; by . church officials. .The .. ,'!".-" ",.:" - Under a republican form of government the in working the' mines, for several .successive emigrants were taken to the tithing head- seasons. : Still the miners multiplied. people "are the sovereignty, .When, therefore, quarters. .Women and girls were then and the will of the people crystallizes at the balIn October, 1869, Mr. E. L. T.Ha3rison,edi- - there selected by; aspirants for,-seUng orders, lot box Its mandate jitf supreme. tor of the Utah (Mormon) Magazine, ventured! taken to the endowment house, andiha marto publish an article advocating" thVrairiiug inv riage ceremony performed, j On , the morrow Liberty's urn is a safe repository of law. Section 7 of the Edraund bill, now in the terests. Immediately the recalcitrant editor,; these wives of '"native-boror naturalized-citizens,hands of the House Judiciary, Committee together with the publbher, Mr. W. 8. God be, f wholly ignorant of our language or ' reads: '.'.'".-.'-who had 'endorsed the article, were summoned ;' laws, or the significance of the franchise, with before the highUouncil to answer for viol ution the odor of the emigrant" ship still upon .their U shall not be lawful for any female to vote at any elec- f the decrees of the : infallible ; priesthood., clothing, were Hon hereafter held la the Territory of Utah for voters, anT deportedv any public Cannon conducted the trial. To their ballots'iu full couforniity vlth thstata-torpurpose whatsoever, and ao such vofe shall be received of George Q. the test questions, "Do you believe ,Presidont: rea uirements Furthermore,' the cominit- counted or given effect, and any- and every Vact of the Xoung has the right to dictate tu you in all! I "tees of the Emigration' Fund, Company desig- governor and legislative assembly of the Territory of Utah things; temporal and spiritual?" a, negative an-- ? nated "the localities' where newcomers ahouia providing for or allowing the registration or voting by fewa3 returned, for- - which both gentlemen-wer- e males is hereby annuTletL: na homes. ; .excommunicated from the church. By In election at a given case;orl;doubtiir This attempt to repeal the Territorial act virtue of the same lifrisla. aut'horitV'the high were dispatched thither point'; which confers the franchise upon the women ture passed laws taxin? heavilv thA from the new colony, Mrs.Fanny Stenhouse, who of the Territory of Utah has bneea interpreted - of the miners. Aothins daunted. is the most gifted woman ever identified with the WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE IN OTAHr :'."'-- . - . : -- - 2,-0- 00 -- anti-Americ- the-Unit- ed an J . j i w - "v ; ' r:rTr:r'r; - . -r- n ; '; assem-bltdTh- -- ii on-comi- ng - - " e "-- . -- 1 1 tj-on- '.,.;-r:-- -. wife,-widow- , j com--mau- - ; " 'j f ; ; . , ; n j : - .; : r-r'" " : - ;.-':':':- ;. : , , : ; . o . : . . . a : " " n ; ' - . full-flege- ; - " s-w- . -- -- i 