uJ..:- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. out to make room for the lecture on "Poets and Poetry," but we trust the readers of the Exponent will be gratified in its perusal,' and that it will SecondY'e believe that free ,overnment can . nntv ,.,.:,. mure ine people governed exercise the 'j yunrestrained .right to choose their own officers; and that the doctrine that citizens resident in the. Territories have rio political rights, inherent in themselves Jis at - variance with, the spirit' and genius of pur great charter, the Constitution; and is 'repugnant" to democratic .principlesiVand the ' liberal. spirit ot the age. "'. Third We believe that any party or faction of a political community that seeks to obtain polifi-ca- l control by any other means than the ability to cast a .majority, of votes., into the "ballot box, is guilty of the grossest of political crimes, and should be branded as an enemy to' human frpe com. ' Fourth Ve believe that interpretation, of. the political and legal rights of the 'citizens, under the i a. cow rtn'-- rec.' from Constitution should local or and that' justice should be evenly administered to every person, regardless of the class to which he belongs. Fifth We. believe that the right of trial by a fpdr and hnpam'il--jHris one.:,;of the strong hub waiks of lilerty, and the trial of any one by a jury - wh 0 hare, strong pre ,ju dice sx?,:S. n s t ll e ac c us eTTTs" ; - - anti-Mormo- ns Utah has'Tor years possessed every requisite for. 'statehood. The' failure of Congress to recognize this right has propagated a hideous train of evils, from which the land can never be fi eed'while this political wrong continues. " : be-iad- e- ;7 e ' which dangerous precedent - Woolley,', Chairman. " Of CAlNE," '.' for Delegate from Utah to the Fiftieth Congress. 'Fhe nomination was'greeted with applause, and was sicomled by E. G. Woolley. ' No other name was' presented, and Hon. John. T. Caine. was nominated by a unanimous vote. The question ofjclecting a Territorial Central Committee .was then 1 taken up, and the following uCre elected as a TERRITORIAL C I N T RAL C( M MITT EE . Heaver County P., T Earns worth. -Box ,ElderCoiuity- - O. G. S now. Cache County Geo.' W. Thatcher. ' i;! D a vis County Thomas F. Rni'cchp, Emery County Orange Seeley. Garfield Count' David Cameron. Iron County Edward Dalton. Juab County - F. V. Chappell. ' Kane County John Rider. Millard County J. V. Robison. J Morgan County James Piute County John R. Young. Rich County Wm. H. Lee. Salt Lake County John Sharp, E. A. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, Faram'orz Little, John T. Caine, J. R. VVindetv Junius F. Wells, Sanpete County Wm. T. Rcid. San Juan County F. A; Hammond. .' ;" Sevier County Geo. W. Bean. Summit County Alma Eldredge. Tooele County H. S. Gowans. Utah County S. R. TJmrman, VYarren N. A. O. Smoot, Jr. .... ; Uintah County C. C. Bartlett. g YYa sa tch Coun ty A bra m II a t c h . Washington County John M. MacFariane.-- " Weber County L. V. Shurtlilf, Thomas D. I), B. Wells, M. Isabella At . solemnly - ' HON, JOHN T. principles and is a we E. G. ':'''-- .ff, Hon. W; W. "Riier placed in nomination one .Utah's (tied and patriotic citizens, the f a violation of well established -I- " g y d ;.;" : gene-raTprejudic- a ' " ' "The Church Chronology," or "A ''Record of Important Events,'' recently issued, Avas compiled and prepared for publication by Elder Andrew Jensen, Editor af the "Historical Record," monthly periodical, and is in itself a supplement to that magazine, It is a book. of 112 pages. The price, bound in cloth, is $1, pamphlet form, 75 ctsl .... It will be Arery useful as a book. ofre.feijice, jirul-,'thit well worth the money The people will-finpains toxollect compiler has evidently taken-grea- t items and facts, and has. so arranged them that it is easy to turn to any particular .item wanted very quickly. Bro. Jensen calls it "a labor of, love" in his preface, and we -- can him, how interesting and absorbing are the knowing incidents connected with the history of the Church to any true Latter-da- y Saint. It is a mental labor, and involving physical as well, to do literary work of this kind, whatever may be the idea of those who peruse such books. The index is arranged alphabetically, and the matteras. ingeniously made lar subserviency. ...1.1 - the young people, awaken intellectual search' and- stimulate progress in this zz:--department of f;n e arts. to The effortbeing made; by ithe establish an ..Industrial 'Home' for women' and children who are, as they think, likely to be left destitute and unprotected on account of the enforcement of the Edmunds law, will not receive the Xo8 firmly espatronage of plural whs; they are tablished in their principles to accept a home which would place them under such conditions asjhey must endorse in order to secure the proffered aid. to- - be suggestive 85 .. effort of the government to manage Sixth chufch property is a. violation of the spirit of the " firsL.article of the amendments to the. Constitution, and is practically a un iOnrtfT church and state. And we denounce any attempt of the church to dominate the state, or the state to. "dominate the church as being dangerous to the" liberty of the citizen. We also assert that any proposition ' up in years, beginning with the birth of the looking to the drsfi anehisemerit of a class" of cili-- " zens because of their belief in or adherence to any Prophet Joseph Smith, in 1805. From that date to the close of the year 1884, the author lias sought religious faith ill direct contravention of the rights to specify, the most important event., that have guaranteed by the Constitution in regard to religi cus liberty, and seeks to purdah citizens for their transpired in the history of the. Church.. One may not at a glance through the book, comprehend the religious belief. Such a doctrine, when we amount of thought and study it has required to the difference of enlightenment ages, ihr.iflg.all this, into ...sIiap'mliake4t4MreexUalJ4e-and- . ris more-. infatnotrsharr the; decrees" oflieqjatiTsir readable. .To those who wish to obtain a inquisition. Seventh YYe declare, irrevocably in favor of large number of facts without searching papers woman suffrage ; that the benign and purifying j through, or reading the whole cojropiled .histories and biographies, it fi!l "certainly be vajuable nee. of wives and mothers may. be manifest It will be a good book for laws for the protection of our home through-thstrangers and inquirersas well as for our own people. We hope Bro. Jenand' country. ; Home. - ".. , ot local administration We sen will receive the patronage this little work deapprovc-.thEighth On motion of J. T. Hammond, the Central Comserves in its sale and circulation. We have not affairs so for as' the people are permitted to cxer-- . fill any vacancies that We assert, mittee were authorized, to had time to go through it carefully, but have cise the rights of ' occur in their number. might the to control our h looked it over, and feel pleased that such a work we ability that ive proven .A vote of thanks was returned to the officers of has been undertaken by one who seems to possess business. of the state economically, progressively; the convention ami the committee on platform for and justly to every citizen. We point with pride airnty; and talent in this direction, as wtll as than their services, and to Salt Lake City for the use energy and perseverance to make a success of to the fact tliat the taxes in .Utah are lighter of the hall in which the convention had met. in any other Territory. The Territory is out of the undertaking. The, President and Secretary were instructed to debt, and the counties are practically in the same notify the Hon. John T.' Caine of the action of the condition. satisfactory convention. THE TERRITORIAL CONVENTION. Nririrti Wfi cmnhaticallv deny the charge of The President and Secretary were also directed dislovaltv' to the . national government made to furnish to each member of the Territorial Cen-rThe Territorial Convention was held in the City aiTIrm- that it is Hall in this City, on the :2th of October, Hon. against, the people of Utah We Committee a certificate of election. obeto render citizen American of the duly James Sharp Chairman. every After the reading of the minutes, the conventhe States, Constitution United ;of the to The following Platform and Declaration of dience tion, at 2:45 p.m., adjourned sine die, AYc thereof. in enacted lawspursuance and unaniFacts and Principles "were presented and as a' party to the maintenance-an' ' pledge; on mously adopted: Mrs. Helen M. Gougar, who traveled in "'defense of constitutional principles and the TLATFOinr. ; Ireland bi.t aunmer,ha3 ja new lecture entitled natural' and inalienable right's of ni.itlmcL , . The People's Party of Utah "'.Territory, by. its and that Utah is entitled to "Ireland Yesterday, believe, We Tenth chosen representatives in to give. In view regular "convention asHer citizens have an equal which .she is now prepared statehood. sovereign sembled, solemnly proclaims' for the careful conquestion, this to' free government with the most favored' of the magnitude of the' Irish ht interest. Her ad-- d have will sideration of all just men the following lecture special -- clvildrentthisJiepul)licL The National congress ress is La fay ette, In diana DECLARATION OF FACTS AND PRINXTPLES: is bound Ijy. every consideration of equity. and Mrs. Helen M. Gougar opened thi season's the chains of Territori' FJirst We believe that the protection of life lawful precedentt5Jtove lecture course of the Western Ite.serve Club of from this community." Our population al bondage and liberty, and the should "Irepursuit of happiness, hundred thousand souls, with greater Cleveland, Ohio, with her new lecture on is Le the nearlyMwo Conthe on the and land Yesterday ,To-daobject of free government ; that citizens than is posproportion of native born stitution of the United States represents the highof the Oth of Oct. The following evening fejie gave it sessed by many proud and worthy States est form of and devised, for the benefit of Equal Rights political government yet If we can properly be kept in this Union. that under, its in the highest The free-boAssociation. possible the greatest papers speak provisions a population 'of two millions of to . liberty consistent with safety is guaranteed terms cf the lecture. citizens can be held in simi and readily-comprehend --- Any -- 1 . . ' 'v con-sid- er Du-senber- e of-th- . - : . ue . large-7-Emmeli- ' : . . ne 1 . . . ..- e t. ' -- ' : , al - : . - ' . rse-iye- . -- . -- To-morrow- To-day- f ri-- ," y the-Painsevill- e . rn " law-abidi- every citizen; " ng ," ry, J . 