WOMAN'S EXPONENT. For now they strain they had lived in our day? . f viTi vile fc.5 nil c UT..3 n to m i QnrW rrr practices,'drinking,ambling and all rt4 frt tlvcjv-ice- "Benediction" byHenry'Reese; - ' i - just-men-did . . n-.- j. singingrprayer,-etc;,:aTidmin- There are 1,G77 member.- in Sao pete Stake Relief Society, anfon hand iu cash, $104,3 31; property, valued at $3,882.40; real estate, -iL .valued Jit $7,078.20. s that are popular. The sin of the ''"Mormons'" is summed up in a in olden times to man tloing what build up a'New Jerusalem, and they expect to see the names of the twelve sons of Jacob onlhe gales of that holy city, and plural ... i ... i i marriaC witrnox wanr to cnier mere .ana win nut be permitted toenterin. This covenant oMnirriage is again established between God and ilis'peopl-to fulfil His law. They ;wh6 are married in this sacred covenant will have a progression of end-- " less Jives, and .will be married in the Lord, and such unions let no man put asunder, "And I heard the number of them which were sealed, and a hundred and fortv and four fhprp ) Maky A. Hyde White, Sec. Norah: Robinson, Ass't See. -- t- Reve'nth annual meeting of the. Rich-m- n n d Pri m a ry Assqeiati on h eld J u ne-- ' 1st, 1 880, at two p.m. Thei-- were present, Sisters 'The r e Jane E. Moleu, Mattia lfansenrMaud Rurtcfn, of the P. A. of the Stake,and Margaret Youug, of Salt Lke City, and Martha Williams of -- be-ide- ivere-seale- pa--ren- ts i 1 ..M-iry- "' . As-ista- .; - m . . , - ' ' . . I i c. . 1 .. the-niter- . previous. meetiQg:readand,acceptedminm of P. A, of the 10th, 5lh, 20th, 21st Home made opening remarks she re fe rr ed to h e r r ecen t Vlilf Prest, wh ic h s, . rn it those who were dead, aud soma of her chil xeu, rcjoiouil net' neart. Mrs. E. B. Wells, waohai recently r,,.., from the east made a brief report of her vii't and spoke of her conversations with '' Cleveland, also, of the Memorial which had been presented to the President and to both in the Senate and House. In reinark3 she urged the sisters to seek ibr wis. dom aud Che Spirit of the Lord; tlioafrht the better opportunities f,)r women of Ztoii-h- ad tlev.elopment than any others in the world The Gospel itself wai$ more elevating t0 the human mind than the education the world .mn nljn 'flf. nntr!i frnrwl mliirlif A. 'i would all take ati Interest in sendiu abroad rcipers and bfwks that xplaip our doctrines-thaaltlioughperhaj, many Jiere..athouie thought very little of the Woman's Expoy. est, yet outside, when it was said "Mormon" women had a paper of their own, in. which they gave free expression to their views and opinions upon all subjects, including the doc trines of the Church, woman's-suffrag- e and ofto interest the home and family, everything it was considered uite a power, and proof that they were not enslaved aud down trodden, for tli3 very fact of their publishing .a paper wa in itself testimony to the contrary. Mrs. Zina 1). H.j Young, Who had been away for some time, made an eloquent appeal to the sisters, touching many important matters, especially in relation to the training of chiId-ren and the management of young people to preserve them in- the Gospel; felt we should live near to the Lord and cultivate faith and devote oyr energies to the building up of the kingdom of God. Urged the sisters to remem-"her" the work for the dead, and not neglect that 'duty, or they would regret it perhaps when there was not the same opportunity; felt there, was no greater work than for the doad. Felt that our sisters who had a kuowledgeof the human system, who had made a study of the-ithings should impart information to the .., young. Prest. Home spoke of the action taken by Governor -- West in visiting the Penitentiary; thought he did it for the best; said it is the same now as it was in the days of old. They . Gni.-gres- t 7 " " - . Were jealous of Danifd'a- wisdom, and jealousy is, the cause of a great many things in this age we needed much of the of the - worldrthought Spirit of God. Singing. Mrs. E. S. Taylor. Benediction by -- , - - - C5 1 Ve-ceiv- ed - - . i emi-monthl- v Minute3 of Saturday meeting, June llth. Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. Besides the usual exercises and minutes, there were minutes read from Y. L. of the 20th, 7th; and 4th wards, and the P. A. of the 5th, 20th and 4th wards. Prest. Home addressed the meeting upon : the events transpiring at the present time; ana thought we should draw, nearer together meet make us feel as one, for we have much to in the future. "If all are not tried now they -will be, for we have all got' to go through the furnace." Mentioned ah incident which fine had heard related in fast meeting, showing that our faith should never waver. .atan l ought to be on the watch tower, :.for thee ds- templing us, and we must sav, '(Jet wecaa. hind me, Satan.' i.et us do the best each day, and if we have done any wro fldrur Ant us do it. no more. We can me and nearer untothe Lord u and so the adversary will have no hoJU onUu3- Wre are coming to a great crisis, and the -- to-da- y, : 'Z nl wards were read. auLL-4ixiiYau-iia- RICilMOXD-FJfclMARY, s several other visitors, and Smithfield, the ward authorities, Sister Myra Merrill, Prest. of'.the r Relief Society, aud a great many . t r r it .1 t 'i .i if't t . -- of the children. Israel." To each tribe twelve thousand. These After the opening exercises, minutes of the were redeemed from among men being the first i s x t h a n n u a in ee t i n g wer e r e ad a n d a p p r o ved , to and unto God Lamb." the He Now, fiujts also the financial .and statistical reports of the. ihas given a command to the" Latter-da- y Saints to year. The ofHcers for the eusuing year raise up. a righteous see$ unto Him which will be past were presented by JishopgjVrm. L. Skidmore the same, born underjlvesfame covenanLand law as fol lows: : Mary Allsop.- .PixvidtMit; ot marriage; And all who are taithturto their cove-Monsou and Maggie W. Thompson Counselors; in will the enter of the iiants, through' gates holy Satie J. Petty. Secretary; Jane Uyer, ' city. Secretary; Byrdie Harrison, Treasurer; Libbie One who is proud of the name, plural'wife. All were unanimously A. Merrill, Organist. M. A; M. Pratt. sustained... 'The "pro2ram'me,'rconistiug of sonrrs, recitations, addresses, etc,- was very well "... ' rendered. R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P A REPORTS. Sister Margaret - Young addressed the child ren, gave, trood instructions and spoke m SAMTTE. tongues, interpreted by Sister Mattie Hansen; it was an address to the children. Minutesfquarterly conference of Sanpete Sister Mattie Hansen next addressed the Stake Relief Society, held at "Wales,- June children; counseled them to be obedient, keep 12th, '188G. .Opening services offered. Miuutes to bang their hair. of last conference read. Verbal reports given good order.aud not Sister Maud Burton was the next speaker; by presidents of different branches. especially Counselor Sarah Petersen said the sisters of was pleased to see so many children, - to Counseled them so'; boys. improve many Kphraim were in a, thriving condition, aiut theirTime and attend their meetings. were busily engaged iu' making cheese for the Sister Martha Williams wapleased to meet " with us, said We should be good U) the poor, V) rev Kern p YTa m i I yTwh o is no win prison in . and Tiot bA proiif., we should keep the word of Detroit, Michigan. Spoke .on the storage of wisdom, bister Hannah Rrower read a fewgrain; hoped we would take care of the wheat lines that she composed about the Primary we have and keep it in good condition. Advised the sisters to subscribe for the Jxpon-ent- . quilt. Prest. Jade E. Molen wa8 pleasefl to meet '"' .' with us said'our; primaries are to strengthen i . . i our ....!. in spiniuai .iunngs; asitea uodn s inuuis conference capacity; thought t;ie sisters of S;ih7 II ' r ito ne us. nve wun come uiessings to were live their trying pete religion; 'said, "it to these meetings to iearn the principles of the behooves us to live faithful,' that' we may be able to pass through the persecutions that are uospel. Wm. S- - Skidmore liishop gave many good us. beitu' heaned uiion i instructions: "Let us endeavor to be good, be Prest. M. A.. P. Hyde had been interested in and obedient' to your parents, love the lemarks made by and bore her prayerful, your brothers and sisters, be punctual to your testimony to the truth of plural marriage. The meetings. Emma Osmond and Nellie Nibley Smith taught it to her, but she Prophet-JosepSister presented Allsop with a present, accomopposed it at nrst, and it .seemed impossible with an panied appropriate address. forjier to embrace it. She prayed, to God to The statistical and financial" report of the reveal it to. her if it was right, and fie gave Richmond Primary Association, beginning her a testimony that it wav Felt that this June 1st, 1885, and ending June 1st, 1886-- Was .was a glorious Work that we were engaged in. read: She afterwardu spoke in tongues, and the interNumber of officers, 7; number of members, pretation was given by Sister Casto: "The 210; Total, officers and members, 217; average m fnrd has in fctnrpfHr liiohpr Klpaiinrrj- tVion. i itiy attendance, meetings' held, 4(J; cash remain-- " persecutions, if we are only faithfi. Prepare in ing treasury from year previous, $8.25; yourselves, that you may be able to work in from members during ear,- $6.52; total, the Temple of God for your dead friends. $14,77. i Disbursments: Primary banner, 81. You presidents'of Relief Society should watch 35; writing material, $1'; cards, $5.12; ca'iicoj over you r flock s an d pray for the breth rcn who have becu cast into prison and those who are batting, thread and" needles for quilt, $3.00; total expense, $11.37; cash 'on hand, $3.40; in exile, that the Spirit of God may be with ' property, 811. 50 ,them." Satik J. Petty, S?cretary, liishop Reese testified that this was the work Jank-.Hyek; Ass't Sec. of God, and that His Spirit had been in our mhUL Bi.diop Farnswortb spoke of the instructions that had been givvn, and if we INTERESTING MEETINGS. would carry them into elfect they would be of benefit unto us. Spoke of the bisters making The rcculur carpet for the Temple. woinans organizations of this Conference adjourned to meet at Fairview, city was held iu tiie.usual place (Fourteenth Ward) Saturday ' i May 23th,' Mrs: M. Isabella Home presidin nfn, Choir aaug Doxology. September 11th, 1836. r"i W" 