(9 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 28 E Woman Editor. KMME LINE li. WELLS, In Salt Late City, Utah:1 Terms: Published -- one copy ono year, 2.00; one copy six months, 81.00. Ten copies for tho price of nine. ,r Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50;" per month, $3.00. A lilteral discount . to regular advertisers. second 25 No. South office Street, E., Temple Exponent gate east ofDcseret NVvva Office. Business hours froralO a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all basiness communications to soral-monthi- y, PUBLISH Ell WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake Salt Lake City, Citvy UtaiC 15, 1886. July needed there. If Mrs. 'Newman thinks that the young girls who leave England, Scandinavia, Cermany or Switzerland, for the sake o? gathering to Zion, wijl fall into the snare she has laid to decoy.. them from the truth of the Gospel she is vainly deceiving herself. The Methodists who are asking for this appropriation have been here in Utah for years, and have established' schools here, and employed teachers to fill- these positions, and' held out inSaints ducements to the children of the Latter-da- y to come to them aiffi so on, and how many have theyucceeded ingetting Here and there one or two or three children of some one who had either lost the faith or never had any to lose." There are district schools iii Utah, and no need whatever for the people of the East to be taxed to educate the children of either "Mormons" or Gentiles'in Utah. ' '. But it is useless to waste words on Mrs. Newsman's petition, because it is so flimsy, being utterly erroneous; there is "scarcely a thread of truth ;to hold the whole thin spun fabric together. She talks of the nineteen wives of Brigham Young, as and then his spiritual wives and though this had anything to do with her getting, - the misuse of woman' 'an appropriationror-wit- h j who a not was vote woman could No suffrage. citizen in her own right, either. natural born or a natural borri or naturalized-- legally married-t- o it was quite a common occurrencejor citizen,-an- d ' " women to be naturalized as well as men. The polished shafts of Error may strike at Truth in the most skillful manner and with venomed darts may even pierce and wound her, but they will be broken, and though she be stamped uponhe cannot be stamped out, and Truth will triumph in the contest, though the victory be hard wonT Falsehood may flourish and its victims may suffer persecution in consequence, but eternal principles must stand, and those who proclaim them know, that "Who speaks the Truth stabs Falsehood to the heart." To be Continued. - MRS. NEWMAN'S PETITION. CRITICISED. ' The readers of the Exponent will see that several pages are filled with Mrs. Aflgie F. Newman's petition to Congress, in which shemakes a specialty of abusing and traducing the "Mormons." One wonders what claims the Gentiles of Utah could make upon the government if they had not this adverse "Mormon" material, which they manufacture wholesale, to use,to tui n the scale in their Javor. liut no cause can stand long or dc permanentiy successful which" is propped up with falsehood. Every person who reads' Mrs. New- maris petition. can see how false is the ground she takes, and her reasoning is all from false premises. She wants Congress to believe she knows "Mormon" women and their needs better than they do themselves. She speaks of her knowledge of female suffrage in Utah, when it is well known she lives jn Nebraska, and most Of her knowledge is second hand, and gained from such authority: as Mrs. Paddock's and Mrs. Froiseth's sensational novels and the. works written by apostates. It is idle for such people to talk of what the women of Utah ought, or ought not to have; the women of - own subject, and beingfree agents, and also largeAmerican citizens know something ly native-bor- n about the privileges they re entitled to, and, hav- ing rightful possession of the ballot are prepared to protest emphatically against disfranchisement, and indignantly against the inteference of Mrs. Newman and her clique, who make capital in Washington by their malicious and cruel attacks upon "Mormons" and their institutions. Possibly if Mrs. Newman had crossed the plains in ox teams, and toiled and suflered privation, hunger and hardship, such as many hundreds of 'Mormon" women have, she might settip a claim in Congress on her own account; but to go there and speak of the stronghold of Churches and ecclesiastical governments is something more than absurd in women, who are" collecting funds under false pretences to bolster up a Church whose resources are failing to supply the demand and furnish salaries for ministers and teachers. There. canj)e no objection to appropriations by Congress to assist in building "Industrial Homes," but the "Mormon" women do object to begging on their account. They are abundantly able to plead their own cause before Congress, if it were necessary, and they would not need, to go there and abuse "Gentile" women to get a hearing. The entangre-ment- s and environments of the Mormon Church which" Mrs. Newman refers to a all and if are. myth, any doubt exists in the minds of members of Congress, there is abundant testimony to repudiate" her statements. There are not women enough here to fill the situations already open to them, and as to the capabilities and the efficiency of domestic help, let one sit and lrsten to the conversation of the women of the East about help, and one need not be long in concluding that "Industrial Training Schools"are , his-daught- efs, . v definite information on building nonses, barns and cellars,and in reference to the treatment of all mestic animals, also fish and fowls, trees, graftiogr fruits, also forests, and on the subject of grain. The information quite varied and' elaborate! Many other subjects, and in fact, it would seem all connected with the ordinary vocations of life in America are treated upon and classified in such a way that any person can turn to the page readily, and at any time or in .any emergency get reliable authority to "act upon, It is certainly a valuable work to put into the hands of the people, and cannot fail, we think,-t- o give satisfaction. -- Sucha be of must book great benefit to people living in isolated places where advice is not so easily ob-tained at .a moment's notice. In' examining the work there seems nothing lacking to make it complete in every particular pertaining to every day life and in practical experience, so far as book knowledge will help one's efforts and energies. d. 's I . Mrs. E. B. IN EXPLANATION. Wells: V . . Knowing thy are not designed for pwbJicatioD, I take the responsibility of complying. with your request, and send you for the Exponent a copy: of one of a ieries of descriptive letters addressed to his family by my brother in the Utah Peai of which tentiary. -- I have not the copy, the opening of this letter seems abrupt. The style adopted is amusing. Without-theprecedino- ne, E. R. S. S. , one of a series of lettes. Utah PenitentiAry, May 13, 1886 To my Family: Having now washed and . arranged' our toilets according to our tastes and abilitits, we wait breakfast, our anxieties graded by the relative demands of our appetites. The event watched for, at length, is announced, when, as though by magic, one hundred and fifty occupants, young and old of various nationalities, pour from their... sleeping tenements, marshall instantly into two columns converging at a point adjoining the DinEDITORIAL NOTES. ing Hall entrance. We describe the scene as now it probably We have on hand minutes of the Woman's would appear to an observer. It will be seen that Conference of Tooele, Utah, Maricopa and Salt this Picture possesses many phases oddly made Lake Stake, but on account of publishing Mrs, up of strange mixtures of things, quite opposite Newman's petition we had not space for them in in their natures, which viewed as a whole, are this issue. singularly striking,a'nd on account of its peculiariWe find it impossible to more than touch upon ties has attracted : the attention' of many persons in quest of originalities, 01 such as minister to a Mrs. Newman's petition to Congress. The conand errors will tradictions to her lively imagination or to supply material for philo"furnish material for articles from the pens of many sophical, moral, or religious contemplation. of the sisters as well as more editorial matter. C it is not uncommon on these occasion's, Therefore to notice crowds of enthusiasts posted upon the The August election draws near, and we trust walls surrounding our,Establishment,gazing down women voters will not be remiss in casting in their upon our dual ranks, displaying in their varying ballots, but practically demonstrate their appreciacountenances a curious combination ot emotion tion of the, franchise, and' not only by voting on and sentiment such as astonishmentjSympathad-miration- , election day, but' by attending their Primaries in sorrow, profound respect,, risibility, etc., ' their respective localities.- ' etc. .. . The first aspect which strikes the beholder, is Corrections: In the article' "In Memoriam," the ineffectual struggle to assume a correct, miUV where it reads Benediction by Bishop Atwood it should be Bishop Clawson. in alluding to the tary attitude, the failure of which unfortunately. shows that the .manoeuvre has resulted ia -parents as Abraham and Betsy Wells, read Abthe formation of an awkward salom and Betsy Free; and in Original Recipes," squad,;, ludic-- . the of doubtless instead 'of for all 6pices read ounces, dozens, awakening feelings rous. Many, far the greater ' number of mentioned. In the article "Princess Street for dock, read loch. these files afe noticed as possessing, intelligent arid attractive countenances, indicating a high . The American Encyclopedia: Encyclopedia state of intellectual, moral and religious culture of Practical Knowledge illustrated is being canimpressing the observer with feelings of interest, vassed for in Utah Territory. H.S.Reeves is agent and sentiments of profound' respect. Another for it,and it seems likely to become very popular curious feature in this Exhibit, appears in the its from contentsit and, judging cannot fail to be grotesque colors aud arrangement of our costumes, useful in the family and home. It is particularly consisting of Jwo broad rings artistically arranged well adapted to farmers, to stock raisers and all so they run horizontally around jants vests, and that class of people. . It contains general and another--. sacqut coat, at equal distances from one " , mis-statemen- - ' Enin-burgh- ", 4" 