142 ' cannot depend upon the governors find judges this cation to insure to them their pergonal nVhts. They have seen the liberty, happiness and all the rights of & wife laid at the feet of the judge and instead of their being cherished and protected by him, saw them spurned, cast aside and trampled, upon, while he.empowers the m3u to crush her, cast her and her iawful- y begotten children off and brand them with women of Zion shame. I say it i3 well for-thto learn this.that aside from the noble lew who are brave enough to stand forth in the face of 'ecf J of salvation, there are none who principles 11 i '1.x i..mL.:. -i vail aeiena il meirngnuj norprutect ineir virtue. This purifying flame by the hand of our Father cannot fail to scathe with grief the hearts of some, those whose misfortune it has been to be come united with those who are wanting in faith in the gospel and in integrity of heart before and purpose, and are unable to stand ' i '. ur.M m .i r nn sucn tneir oppressors wiinoui quainns. wives and mothers our sympathy vis deep. Those are the real sufferers. To see husbands and sons immured in prisons or seeking refuge in the mountains liko wild beasts is a grievous but it is much more grievous to see themH crouch with trembling knees, and supplicating mercy before an infamous judge whose mission it is to apply the test to prove them. But if we have husbands and sons who cannot bear this test and are not willing to bear all for the truth's sake let us remember that " 'Tis better should perish than ... that one of the members that the whole body should be cast into hell," and so still kiss the rod that chastens. 'Tis a wise Father who is giving us these severe but soul strengthening le3son3; and. that He is on the side of the women of Zion, and that he is pleased with the work they have done before Him cannot be doubted by any, except those of little or no faith. He has proven to them that He ha3 given them true friends and protectors among the men of the earth, and that His Priesthood dwell with them, a fact that does not exist among any other class of women on the earth. The prisons of Utah, Arizona, Idaho, and that at Detroit can answer the question as to what some of these are. This is a dark hour for this nation, and the names of those men, ''beacon lights" they-hajustly been called, will shine forth in the future history of woman with a brilliant lustre, and they will live in the hearts' of womankind and be honored for the noble manner in which they have given up liberty in defense of that principle which the women of all nations? will, yet know was instituted by God for the salvation of their race. So I say there is nothing in the present crusade against us to make even the most faint hearted woman falter. It is for her to stand still and see the salvation of Zion, in the work of which she bears a most honorable !- 1 " WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " ' President; Clara M. Burnham and Rose Lutz,a Counselors; Lizzie Roberson, Secretary;. Stewart, Treasurer. The officers were then set apart by the Bishopric. . It seems. the determination of the officers and members to press on in the cause of truth and assist in bearing off the kingdom of God. the Although bemeaned and persecuted for we trust, and Gospel's sakewe know in whom. that He will wreak vengeance on those who refight against Zion, and that we will get our ward by yielding obedience to the requirements of the Gospel. Praying for the success of the Exponent, we subscribe ourselves, Your sisters, Ros-ann- " Burnd am, Presto E. Amanda Taylor, Sec Sarah M. . " . -- ; ve Mac. part. II. S., . Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. MOAR. REPORTS. " " Editor Exponent: Thinking that a brief report from the Relief Society and Primary Association of this ward would be of interest to your many readers, I submit the following: On the 7th of November last a meeting was called by our esteemed Bishop, R. II. Stewart, for the purpose of the Relief Soand Primary Association of this ward, ciety which was made necessary by the death of the President of the former, Sister China Lutz.and the removal from the ward of the President of the latter. The following organization was effected for the Relief Societv: Sarah M. Burnham, President; Priseilla - Warner and Sarah J. Stewart, Counselors; Amanda E. ' -- , iu . g, r : -- CORRESPONDENCE. Bloominoton, Feb. 8th, EDrTOR 188G. Woman's Exponent:; the President of the Relief Society got up our customary old rolk's party, when all who had attained the ace of fifty and upwards, with a few invited guests, were present at a dinner given in theschoolhouse. There were between and. a hundred persons seated at a ninety-fiv- e bounteous repa3t. After the the tables were cleared, and singing and prayer, a programme was gone through, consisting of songs, speeches, recitations and dancing, all ot which was muca enjoyed by all present. The two oldest gentlemen and the two oldest ladies were each the recipients of a small present. Pre3t. James H. Hart and Pre3t. Julia P. Lindsay of R. S. cave us interesting and valuable instructions, a3 did a number of brethren and sisters. Since our last gathering of this kind, we have lost two of our aged sisters by death, but they were faithful to the end. Our winter has been unusually mild for tbi3 northern country. We occasionally receive a visit from the marshal or his deputies, but notwithstanding this we enjoy a good spirit, and feel .that all is well with us so long a3 we are true to our covenants and our uod. Wishing success to your paper, I remain, Your sister in the Gospel, " . h. asking for His blessings throughanother day, there came a knock at the door, and who should it be but a deputy marshal, who soon spread confusion and- sorrow in that happy family. The next morning that sorrow-stricke- n mother was compelled to leave her twin babes and two other dear children and take her infant a month oldaud travel twelve mile3 to Salt Lake City exposed to the cold inclement weather, there to appear before judge and jury. Her feeling3 may be imagined when she reflected that her truthful testimony was nicely to tear mat uear nusoanu ana father from his dear wives and little ihnocent children and place him inside prison walls, there to mingle with murderers, thieves udther-wickedzineiu Next morning, feeble aud weak after the exposure and excitement of the day before, she was seated in hex easy chair with her baby in her arms, when there again came two deputy marshals wanting some person t hey supposed to be there, telling her their business and saying that they were sorry, but if she did not tell the truth and the whereabout3 of the person they wanted they would be compelled to take her to the city and perhaps it would cause her imprisonment. She said she "did not know where the person was any more than they did. After searching the house and not finding the object of their inquiry and asking her many questions which she answered to the best of her ability, they finally said they believed she told the truth. They could not look that saintly woman in the face and say otherwise. Well, such trials the Saints of God are subjected to What will come next? Well may the cry go up, "oh Lord how long,, how long, must thy people endure these things for conscience sake." Praying the' Lord to give His children strength sufficient for their day, I am, Yours etc, v M. B. - : -a- Thinking you would like to hear a word from this part of 'the country, I thought I would wrile a few lines. On the 3rd of February Bishop Hulme and ; , v m iuuu tuutner uo iney.,ruuiu jvau few of her relawould a invite she .thought tives and friends and celebrate the day by returning thanks to God our Heavenly Father that He had spared their, lives up to the present time, hoping to have a pleasant time and a sociable .visit. On, the morning "of the thirteenth just as they had risen from their bended knees iuoffering up tlrir thanks to God for sparing their lives through another night, and C. riGGOTT, bee We3t Jordan, Jan. 17th 1886. Editor Exponent: This is my fir3t attempt to write to your valuable paper, so I hope you will please excuse my feeble efforts, -as 1 feel I would like to pen a few items of my experience. A few years ago I knew a noble young woman, whojiad been taught from her infancy to love truth and virtuer and the principles of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Her affections were, placed upon an honest, good and intelligent man. She entered into the marriage relation by making t solemn vows and covenants that were for all time and etenrity. In the course of time she wa3 blessed withj offspring and among them a pair of twin baby girls. They were very delicate; bat by the careful and affectionate care of the loving mother and the faith and earnest prayers of a fond father the Lord stayed the hand of the destroyer and they were snatched; as it were, repeatedly from the jaws of death. 'As time rolled on they could run around the mother's knee with their prattling sweet voices raised in musical 'tones singing "Sweet Birds, Sweet Birds". On the fourteenth of January -- to-da- y. THE WOMAN OF INFLUENCE. Mr. Worth, the eminent Paris dressmaker, telegraphs to the Boston Sunday Herald that the great and pressing need of the age is a Woman of Influence, somewhere or other, to set the fashions. In default of this, he has,, after exhausting his genius upon a new dress, to use various indirect devices to bring it into vogue. When one thinks what a beautiful work of art a lady's dress may be, when wealth .an&WorthJiaveL-done-thei- r best for it, and-wh- at an apalling product mere wealth, without ta3te, can develop under that name, one may well give a sigh 1 of sympathy to this man of genius who can find no woman quite worthy of his scissors. Yet the truth is that the Woman, of Influence is demanded not alone to wear clothesbut to modify and control, all the habits of society. A. - person of-- pa wer ofJn- dividuality, of resouoces, of charm, is needed in every place whera a woman stands, and is not to be had in answer to an advertisement. What Aye want," said a certain school committee-man, after a long debate in committee about the best way to secure a competent female assistant in the high school "what we want, gentlemen, is a splendid woman." This was at once accepted by all as the complete formula for the situation; it was the later task of actually hunting up this priceless creature and securing for her eight hundred dollars a year that proved formidable. 