WOMAN'S ties, High Priests, Seventies, Elders and Bishops, Pioneers, in laying the foundation of a great commonwealth, and in, rearing the glorious fabric of civil and religious liberty, which has made Utah' the glory of our common country, ye are absent from us on the anniversary of this memorable day, not forWrongsdoiie to Godor man, burbeca'lse your virtues contrast so resplendently with the baseness of the conduct, of those who persecute you. "Ye stand as a. living rebuke to the wicked-- ' EXPONENT. 39 W. Smith, Mrs..E, S. Taylor and the Secretary, Mrs. L. Howard. Alter Mnging and prayer and roll called, minutes of the la.t conference ' ... ....i.;. i W, were read and f suvindn,! - r i, ii din r ijyji icu by Prest. Steele- Second; Third, Cuun.. Smith; Sixth, Prest.' --Fullmer; Seventh, Coun. Woodbury; Nineth, Prest. s' "E Groo; Tenth, Coun. .Harrison; Eleventh, Prest: McMaster; twelfth-- , Prest. Druee; . REAFLAKE mute's at shake. conference of Bear Lake ofY; ake,held in St. Cluirles.Idaho.July 18th, 1880, P.1 ii in., Pret vMriiPugmireTpresiding. - d c - Coim.-McGrprf- nr Singing, 'Thoii dear, redeeming, dvinsr Lamb." Open ing pray er by Bishop Hunt,. Singing, "All hail the glorious day. The Roll was called, showing a fair representation.' Minutes of previous conference read and approved. Uojn.-LA. Wrell.;" Fourteenth', Prest. Pugm ire then called for verbal re: 'Thirteenth, " M Coun. W. of No this generation. Wilcox; Fifi.ee n(h, Coun. R.' ness-wonder, then, that and the " following assrociationsr were reports, Jones; Sixteenth, Prest, Reid;' Seventeenth, men in power would destroy you or immure you Sarah A. Allred; Prest. B. W.., presented: Smith; Nineteenth, Coun. Neal; from the light'of day ii prisons and penitentiaries. Garden City, Amy E. Cook; Lake T own, Mrs. Coun. Coun! Twentieth, Barton; Twenty-first- , We are thankful to our God for giving us such Willis; Ran do! ph,- Elizabeth South; Blooming-ton- , Davis; Hot Springs, Prest. Fulsom; Big leaders,, and we ask Him for strength and courage Mary Patterson; Montpelier, Bianca OsPrest. Howard; SoutlrJordan, Prest. to emulate your glorious examples. borne; .Wood ru If, Paris 1st Ward, Paris 2nd Holt; Brighton, Prest. Hazon; Rier Um a uNearer,-mMusic by S. S. Union-HanGod,. Ward, and Ovid-norepresented. The statistf--ca- l Coun.; Saiidv, Coun. Vrilson; Grander. Pret tc Thee." "Song by the children, "Hope of and financial report for six months, 'end- v '. orter.. . . Israel" Music, Beesley's Band, "Dead March bg Jutit; o0tli,188G, was read showing an inPrest. Ho rue made some closing reniasksi crease of; members-an- d in Saul." .Benediction by Bishop LD. Young. a fair condition of Singing, Doxology. - Benediction t hy Mt Br finances. W. Smith. '. Coun. Amy E. Cook. Spoke encouragAfternoon session: After the opening" exerli. S.. Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. ingly, laying before them the duties - aud cises, Prest. Home addressed the sisters upon resposibilities that rest"' upon each and every" their duties in the Society, and the care and MARICOPA STAKE. member, in order to advance the child of reirr o hsgi v iirg "t He' Sablmtrr Admonished "t he sisterslv truiniug . I tie quarterly conierence or tne iteJiei so live so that they could accept every principle day, ami spoke upon the storing of ' grain; for a day of famine. . ciety of the Maricopa Stake convened in the advanced, for we were not taught anything but S Mrs, Mary Clar;, of.;Farmiiigton,ljoke June T7th, 188b, at that which. was pure, elevating, and calculated Hall, Mesa Society ...... City, ... 'PL. ..;., UK)ii lj. pur spiritual netdi, and her disapproval ous;m ouv agtr pitsJkUiug. l.ueie to make us good and wise. The opposition l p.m., nrPiPilt '.I lililiiiritv flf the nUlfcrs nf flip wuiuio. iviuinii uhli inu lanions t)t with which we were contending would prove kji Babylon, the power of"the evihoiy', the neceswho vould bear the cross and wear thecrown; Stake, also a number or the brethren. sity of obeying' the-- commandments' of God, After t hi usual opening exercises of singing that a life of integrity, T'aith and works good also upon the. work in the Temples for the and prayer, the minutes or the March Confer will entitle them to. We should be kind when living and the dead.ence were read ;aud accepted. Ihe report; we felt to rebuke, and not resort to coercive Mrs. L. Kimball made a rery ini; from the different branches were very favorable, measures. pressive speech, in which she all being represented with the exception of upon addressed-the'then Bro.TAdstead conference, .rvI 'nun charity and humility, the comforting of others, and-- , exhorted the taking for his text, "Was woman's mission inMesa Ward, Prest. Lizzie McDonald the Lehi daughters ot Zion not to man's?" ferior to the follow showing after the fashions of Babylon, and responsibility Ward, and Prest. Ann Klienman, the Almv that rcts the and the mother, attend the upon necessity Wnrd. meetings, partake ' of the sacraof the proper exercise" of that authority which etc. , ment, A number of the sisters were then called wield in should mother a her family; as there Dr. Ferguson said, V Our enemies are trvin upon, who spoke briefly, rejoicing in the glori was no position on earth more imporfant than to deprive us of the blessings we now ous work we are engaged in, and expressing a that of motherhood, was she the time has .come when we will have toenjor fulhJhng herjfuty be tl desire to remain faithful to all the principles as the Jay er of the foumlations tone of the great Ilight unto oursel vesjour lea dercrare a va y Trohi of the Gospel. be should She or. the time and good, humanity us; temple may come when' we will have Gouu. busan lavage spoke, or tne various wise and "learned," for they are the first teachers ,,no one to counsel with, therefore we fdiould duties required at our hands to retain a name of the young, and should bea'perfect example use the privileges we have to good, ad vantage-Her- e and standing with the baiiits of the Most High. ol honesty, uprightness and. virtue.as. any little ourenemu-- have, nothing else to (lo but Spoke in a forcible manner of the necessity of dereliction from the straight line of tru'th will think of how they can perverfthe laws to our be corned. "Irv to exercise a snirit of for complying with the word of -- wisdom, quoting detriment, but in tho worjl we are looked uiioh from the revelation, showing that it was bearance however tedious the enquiries may as the ' wonien of ..Utah;- the to alPwho of can or adapted capacity may seem, and teach them how to become good In Washington there is immense Avealth and be called Saints. "Let us obey these laws, that and desirable in housekeepers life, grandeur, and there is extreme, companions poverty "and we may be enabled to rebuke the power of the and that virtue is above prize. distress; 1000 poor are lauguhdmjgjy in want destroyer when he visits our households, for Sister L. M, Rich was much impressed with of the comforts of life. .without, we do there is iio'promise." Gave some xMrs. B. W. Smith the timely remarks of the speaker, who had spoke of the memberships ' in to the instructions of good regard , rearing preceeded her, and hoped they would make now due to the Deseret H.pital, and- also fh' iirpn to the Society donations, also a lasting impression; thought too much import- earnestly Bro. Charles Robson said, "Sister Savage the sisters in the Relief advised ance could not be attached to the.subjeet laid Society to look before us. Several cases had come under her after the poor, the needy and the sufK-rijms preaeneu us a goou sermon on ine yvomi or truthfWisdom;" felt to bear testimony to its observation while in Salt Lake City, not Ion" that they might not come under condemnation ulness, also the benefits to be derived from a by neglecting their duty-t-o them. since, where girls, through contaminating in faithful observance, of it. "The Lord has fluences and the machinations of eyil and de S. Coun,E, Taylor sai(),"ThosiiwhM)re6ide warned us, and. unless we heed the warnings we over the had been different to branches aro abs.dutely " dishonor and men, signing brought "shall have to suffer the consequences." Thought to shame. Thought that a calico dress and a quired 'report at our conferences, by either the sisters were doing a good work. You should pureart-free-f'ror- ii -the was far preferable president,, a counselor, teacher or memljer-someonguile counsel and advise witri each other, and use an will have to see to tHis to the finest apparel, gotten at. the sacrifice of duty. ' We imiuence .ror good over your nusbands and have virtue and honor; and also they realize when many energetic sisters in ReliT So' in ho ,oo!r veil to reioice in the lnte.ritv ton afp nru wnn nuf. ciety, and we are. reou i red b mnvant hown by our brethren, who vtere beintr jjerse- :siil vewe-w- ii friends and associates of thp. "AVahJ. hW to rather seeFeacliTday for the Snirit of God to dictate giau mac our names wre enrolled in the So. sutler bonds and imprisonment than to forsake our movements, and that will prove a shield ciety; we ought to be intere.-te- d in the Y. L. one principle of their Tioly ' 31. I. A:, visit the meetinirsand hnln rh and protection at all times." Felt to thank" religion. : ;Bro; James Allen and A. F. Stewart followed our Heavenly Father for the peacable surround girls in their duties, and encourage them-b:with n ' rroCf jMin ings and the blessings we are daily recipients encouraging remarks, endorsing the inor. : structions which had been given by the brethren irest. Uorne thoudit w r1h,u1,i i,,,, .. "Blessed are the people,'' etc. days lor meetings, "fur we'do want mr,, Singing, jnd sisters; felt that the spirit of the Lord had nintual l'oodibr our lnjnmvrm,,:,, Deneuicnon oy Vincent rugraire. poured out in rich abundance. v III- l!U ' tend ntW to hold our t;;jnfertnce on After a few remarks by Coun. Savage, Thursday so the X. L. can hold theirs on SALT LAKE STAKE. adjourned for three months. Singing, Friday and the' on 'God moves in a Saturdav n Primary SI.p ,&, ,r i mysterious way." BenedicThe quarterly conference was held in the Gov. tion by C. I. Robson.. West; said he listened to her polite- 14th Ward Hall, June 25th, 1&8C Othe iipou u tj explained to him" our brethren Sarah M. Pomeroy, Sec. stand were Airs. M. Isabella Home, Mrs. B. ij,oaiUj could not break their, covenan u. He seemed -- Str-Char- les; - - Co!"-touwoo- d, t d, " . ' ' - association-ihey-ieloiig-to.- - i u-cr- o . , - . Pre-eudi- a - I down-trodde- - """ " n re--fen- ed 7 . re-""- e 1 a-w- mtcd-torheirligionrichi- KJsing . .'ri' . i .. cou-lereii- ce 