21 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. broke-off-lhestraini- the-age- journeyingjtill we reach the heavenly town, Where are laid up our treasures and our crown, And our lost loved ones will be found again," A GOLDEN Every member of the Church can know forhim-se- lf or hetself,if he sought for it in humble prayer. . His Tfi lod has set up tt" Kingdom oil the earth, in the fulness of time; andHelast dispensation"of-th- e willgathjsr His elect from all parts of the earth, arid the, honest in heart Will hear the' good 'Shcp- ,1 -- u i a.t im. await" iiciu awititu uiiu 111a iutu, for He said unto John, "Surely I ingl!is ..coming ..1 c iumik 1.1.. i i. vuiiici 1 j, tyni tuiijc quiuKiy. .111 it were two doves typical of the love "and happiness of the lifetime of th h.ippy past, as. well -- as the couple-The- re auspicious future of that they laid down TaltgTipthesongjvyhere'lhey '.It bids us do the work was al30V very harids0me1)i 'verse on it which ran thns. ; ' . .. WEDDING.'. . Hear the mellow wedding bells, - Golden bellsl What a world of happiness their harmony foretells! Through the balmy air of night ' - How they ring out their delight From the molten golden notes, ' And all in tune, What a liquid ditty floats that listens while.she gloats To the turtle-dov- e ; . On the mooq!" - tde'scakeviirpr . '' Full fifty years have passed away, Their hands and hearts !yct true in love. For their Diamond time, We trust and pray, Happy as this theirGolden Day. . The half century of married life seldom parses and leaves both bride and bridegroom in posses-sio- n of life, health and all the faculties. This, however, is. the case with Brother and Sisthe who celebrated ter Nathan Tanner their wedding day fiftieth anniversary of S. of F. residence Richards the at of; this city, whose wife is their daughter. The affair Was a brilliant success and Mr. and Mrs. Richards deserve great credit for the pleasure conferred upon the guests as well as the honor to the aged couple expressed in such a fitting manner celebration. Mr. and Mrs. Tanner as this are still, notwithstanding their age, a very hand . some couple and one could scarcely believe they had seen so many years of active service in this workaday world. The party was an interesting one in many respects,and especially so in the con- eenialitv of feeling: manifested amons: the "old friends and true," of the happy pair. There were represented among the guests one Apostle, three " or four Bishops, people who had been associated in Kirtland, numbering twelve,of those in Misouri, There were fourteen, in Nauvoo, twenty-threwho had beerr members of also three brethren r Zion's Camp,and two of the Mormon Battalion. ! t is seldom that in a gathering of this kind one finds so many of the Saints of early days, whose lives have been more or less interwoven with each other in the history at that period. The bride and groom are not only large, erect and fine looking, but were dressed in excellent taste. ' The gray dress of the bride was of some soft material that hung 'gracefully about her slender figure, and- the fine white tulle she wore about her neck fell to the waist in a most becoming style. The other ladies present were also handsomely attired, and some of them wore exquisite old lace, as well as possessing many genuine attractions to charm the eye and ear. Apostle F.S.Richards and wife, Judge Snow and wife, Bates Nobles and wife, Sisters Eliza R. Snow Smith, Zina D H. Youn, Presendia L. Kimball, Ba thsheba V . Smith, the widow of Amasa Lyman, and other distinguished people honored the occasion by their presence. The large and elegant ly furnished parlors were well filled with the company which had gathered from Montana, Idaho, California, and Wyoming as well as Utah. Elegant and costly presents were also sent from a distance and many were the sincere congratulations and hearty wishes for continued happiness and prosperity. At six p.m. bride and groom led the way to the way to the dining room where a sumptuous dinner awaited the: guests. Apostle F. D. Richards pronounced the blessing and a general conversation was kept up, every one evidently heartily enjoying the delicious and tempting viands set them. The table was) profusely and artistical ly ornamented with choice and fragrant flowers, and in the center was an elaborate wedding cake, at the side of which were the figures 1836, 1886, and at the vry top of the ornament that decorated e. - re -- , w T T -- ' ..i-- -- ai' 1 1.1 1 UlCllClll-- Some of the china used at the dinner was half a centurr old and some even more; there were also gold teaspoons sent 'tis wedding presents from a long distance. Many were the toasts of fered in which all present heartily joined and the' feeling was one of unity and love, and a desire that these two who had begun life together and succeeded in rearing a large family here, might participate in all the. great blessings and secure :to themselves and their posterity eternal lives and inheritances- - in the celestial kingdom. While . - be-fp- ... d i at 1 f-- ut 11.1.11., 1 ui v. ins coming, after all' the trouble had come upon the s lik e, a man. taki n ga far J e ws, and s a y s journey and He commanded them to watch. ' And what I say unto you, 1 say unto all, watch." 1 his was two thousand years ago, nearly; is. it not high time to watch, lest He come in a time we think not, and we are not prepared to go into the marriage supper of the Lamb? "F6r as a snare shall it coma on all them that dwell on the ficd of the whole earth." And againit reads. 'Thekingdoms ot this woria are become the kingdoms dinner Wasbeing served sweet- - music, lent of our Lord, and of His Christ; and He shall enchantment to the hour and nothing seemed reign for ever and ever." And it was said unto to to the the add of unique enjoyment wanting John, thou must prophesy again before occasion. and nations and tongues and "kings." During the Oening there was singing and" In another place it reads "And I saw another music at intervals ,and Mrs. Mattie Cannon read angel ny in tne miusioi ueaven, navinguie ever"a poem composed for the, occasion which elicited lasting Gospel to preach unto themlhat dwell on considerable applause, as wdl as the songs and the earth and to every nation and kindred and instrumental music. Another feature of the .octongue and people." John was on thelsle of casion was the guests writing their, names and a l AilllU Hi una uiuc aiiu in; iiuvj iu upiita) ,.Ut;- sentiment or expressive wish in an autograph fore many people. album to be preserved as a souvenir of the Gold If the true gospel has continued to be preached, en Wedding. ts why this angel sent? And why have and creeds differed from the Gospel of Christ as He preached it? When the woman anointed TRUTHFUL REASONING. Him, He said: "Verily I say unto you, wheresoever this Gospel shall be preached in the whole Integrity to principle and moral courage are the greatest incentives to honor andt greatness and world, it shall be told as a memorial of her that is that same gospel unchanged and unmuti- when these exist in the human abreast they lead to noble ends. When an individual is convinced of any known truth and cannot be turned aside Joseph Smith was told that the true gospel was from a duty," they will win. a prize and a name not on the earth, but he should be instructed so above teir fellows. The Servants of God who that he should know the true gospel and he was a r r a' of 's for' the their have beerr; deprived-iu 1:nine uy liberty time visueuj xruiii iicavuiuy messengers, ana me irue gospel was im sake, will receive their reward from Him that called them to do His work, and will have parted to this young .man, and at the minor age of 17 years' he commenced that peace of mind that the world can neither will comnot pander to to receive a knowledge of things, that had a give. or take away: They the multitude with to destrucmon tfiings, to go bearing on the present and future time, that no tion, but they cling to truth and the'right, which mortal power can hinder or set aside. The always has its opposers, for truth contradicts error prophet ot the last days, has and will accomplish more through his knowledge of events that has wnicn prevails in me main, Decause sin is siaiKing and will transpire, in the building up of God's rampant through the land, and has its votaries, and but x are who never blush at corruption vice, fvingaom preparatory to.ine savior s coming ana the final destruction horrified at a system of reform, that aims to turn wicked,than any other the sinner from the error of his ways, arjd better prophet that has lived on the earth. He taught his condition in this life and the next 'To serve principles that had been hid for many generations, Him who rules above, instead of serving the and were brought to light through the Gospel. ' The foundation being laid by prophets and papowers of darkness. triarchs 6f old through whose lineage came the God, our Heavenly . Father is the great law legitimate offspring and favored cnes of God's giver or ruler over this planet. He has declared himself Lord of lords and King of kings. He Kingdom Christ was of this lineage, and in the at various periods of. time has dethroned kings language of Mary, "He hath holpen His servant Israel in remembrance of His mercy; as He and mighty governments, and wrought marvelous changes in the destinies of pations. God has speaks to our fathers, to Abraham and to his seed chosen agents to usher in His dispensations and forever. Who are Abraham's seed? they who works of Abraham. Wlial, God make decrees; but He is just, and before He takes an action to accomplish His purposes He holds out promises to a man with more than one wife and offers of mercy" and salvation, and pleads with concerning the Savior of the world, that He His children for many years. It is now over 50 should come through what the world considers, yearssince He sent out this proclamation by His illegitimate offspring, and criminal parentager? I should think they would read their Bibles" with Elders: ''Repent of all your sins and be baptised in water for the remission of sins,in the name of holy horror. And the angel said to Mary, she. should have a son. "He shall be great, and shall Jesus Christ." By those He has authorized be called the son of the Highest; and the Lord. through the Holy Priesthood, to become members of His Church, "No man can take this honor to God shall give unto Him the throne of His father himself but must be called of God as was Aaron," David; "And he shall reign over the house of . Under this, head no one can be deceived, for Jacob forever; "and of His Kingdom there shall, be no end." What, our Savior associate with there will be one Lord,one faith and one baptism. These Elders have power to bestow the Ho ly polygamists like David and Jacob? Surely our righteous judges would put such men into prisort Ghost, and it leads the receiver into all truth, and deprive them of their rights and liberty, ifT shows them things past, present, and to come. Ji J , many-peoples- -- -- - - alt-sec- W - - 1 Gos--pel- 1 5 of-th- e ' " do-tlj- e 