WOMAN'S I'M GOING HOME. JUNES.. WRITTEN-O- the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, but, like IiKTURSlNG' TO UTAH' AFTER X " 'VISIT IN THE- EAST, SEPTEX1BEK, 1885; .BY M, W TANNER. I'm going homtvacross the trackless prairie. O'er which we wandered many years ago; Then we were sad arid footpre, worn and weary, ' Bending our steps t escape the wanton foe. o'er which our feeble footsteps "arid sore Trod long upon the burning sands, "And almost fancy I can see the waynurks .Made by those homeless, emigrating' bands. To greet our vision as we quickly pass. I sit and think of yeas so far behind us, Far in the long dim regions of the past, ' And. titlheJboipriiits left that oft remind s Of life's dim changes that arc fleeting fast. was smiling "in her - talk, but she was - be-abl- seem to see the little band of wanderers, Driven from home, from kindred ties and friends, Chilled by the frosts, or fainting in the; sunshine, : As slowly on their toiliome journey wends. r ." heir once more the We meet, we part, and often in that parting We carry with us scenes of bygone days, And many times we wist not of the smarting, As all have gone their own divided ways. -- . "No weapon that is formed against thee sh'all prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt Condemn. lhis 13 the heritage or the servants 01 the Lord, and their righteousness is of me; saith the Lord". Isaiah., chapter 54, last verse. "What shall one then answer the messener of the nation? That the Lord hath founded Zion, and the poor of His people shall trust in her. Isaiah, chapter 14, last verse." -- In my experience through life I have ob- - UUUUli UtUClO llij J ii iuiuu, auu have noted the same, that under triak from which we see no outlet, the mind, acquires a feeling of prescience and intuition of coming events, and earn estlyr desires to entertain the v , 1 :. r?fllll f t - rl - fl rot rri and innocent researches. Many years ago I had a dear old "nurse, who, though not an educated woman according to the schools, was of a deep meditative mind; was a great reader of the Scriptures, they beShe had a sweet, ing her whole library. spiritual mind, and a devout soul, without one fnaMnr orA rrxxra- - 11 1 1 1 reverent and innately e . One day we were somewhat in trouble, and we were puzzled to know what we should do, and she then said, "Well,. when I feel that I want to know if the Lord has a word for me I take my Bible and ask Him to give me some light through the action I am going to perform; 1 then take a long needle, and i run it into know where I the Psalms are, or into the New I have many times been struck and Testament, at the answers I have received.'' Upon that hint I have often taken the same course, and, like my dear good nurse, have re ceived comfort and support. Once in a most remarkable manner I was in much aflliction through nemies; I believe the only wicked enemies I ever had (in Zion, too.) My soul was indeed in deep waters: I almost thought that I should bs overwhelmed. I one day left my work, shut ail. the doors, being alone m the house, and knelt down and poured out my whole heart to the Lord. I arose from my knees without feeling much refreshed, aid again took up my needle work, and as I did so my eyes fidl on my little prayer book laying on the table; it contained the Psalms of Davidjin an instant my nurse came? mentally before me, and I remembered her sweet, childlike method to get comfort when in trouble. I took up the book, thrust in the needle, and lo! it rested on Psalm. I the first verse of the thirty-seventd to read and till I came the tenth ver3e, when I involuntarily threw up my hands aud said aloud, "Lord, this is revelationV I trembled as though an angel stood before me; I realized it was the voice.; of God to me; it struck every chord that had been drawn to their utmost tension iu my wounded soul, and the vibration was joy, peace, and'a conviction that God was with me. Were I to live a thousand years I should never forget the feelings of that zhour!L have lived to see every word literally fulfilled of that glorious psalm; the tenth anddast verse remarkably so. 1 request my readers to read this p3alm at once,for they will see with me its potency. Many, many; times have I derived comfort and instruction from this most simple process, and been sent on my way rejoicing. A few days ago, feeling sad under the heavy cloud we are under by our unjust oppressors, the simple process came to my mind; I took my little book' and my needle, asking the Lord to give me a' word upon the present persecu- ' But oft the mind to the far past reverting Finds in the heart a dim and fading thought, And memory's page some silent hour diverting, With early friends and transient scenes are fraught. ILX too read." wild, coyote, ' Whose dismal wailing rent the midnight air The little bands, as darkness closes around them, ' Bending their knees to say their evening prayers. I often wonder where their steps have wandered, . And where their homes, and what their fate ha3 been;-An' J v many times in silence I have pondered In. silent thought o'er long forgotten scenes. CU 1 x, is cupcisiiLiuu. xno from the words to the' meek and trust in Him, and labor faith by their "works." 11 grain of Methodistical cant or hypocrisy of any sort. I do not think she was of any particular church, though she occasionally attended the Independent Methodist place of worship; she - would not have dared to receive . h re-rea- -- ' . xjui u mucin iiimsen His their put and reyealeth self-righteou- lowly who day by day . to shew :lt . T couiu more equauy startling i II givo""7. many answers to prayers, received b the same sim-pl- e Remember, it is to the word of process. 'i i . l. - r l i r . ...ii : lower n vxou we iook ior aiu, anu.i irom noimng or inferior. Why has this holy book, the oldest in the world, stood the test and the,wonder- iui ,vicissituues it naspassea,, tnrougn, tnese many centuries, and been the stay and sheet-anchof so many generations, with its. mighty nrincinles. its divino ethics, its consoling doc- trines, its stupendous revelations and more than I have' language fo elaborate. Why should Vl'Ci ll ! Of Allfl 111 fVQ ll TTA Ttl ull"f aii if liit v initu it cio inn nuiu jenuii in viii iOLiitu i i i t nt .,itno oi VToucnotanca,-Tjr-aostracr:iaiin7T)fsiit.il that, will nrwl - nnn nd does "romnvfl mountains" every day to the ever and understanding of those who have a living faith in Him, such as the wise - child has in its earthly , 1 i- or " C 1 ii -- - , I V vsleeyeatiu3-nonsensical- "Let none smile and say with unjust judges, . pious to give vent to any criticisms? I would sometimes read the Bible to her, and when fin ished, she would heave a sigh andjay, in her own peculiar tone, "Ah! what a fine thing it is to to read and understand what' you Man's careless steps have even- now invaded These lonely plains and barren solitudes; And from his mincLlhe memories dim have faded, Yet o'er my soul the silent vision broods. DCJL . - The skies are blue, .with here and there a cloudlet, The sunshine glimmers on the stunted grass, " ' I5ut not a tree nor any flowering leaflet I seem to ueep ana holy reverence those who were so privileged, feeling', "Oh! how blessed are those who can partake,' but it is not for me." Some of my readers may. probably never have met such a character, and hence they will be quite unable to comprehend-thbeauty and extreme such of a woman; indeed, she was by no piety means a common character; she was one whom the Savior would hive loved, and, like Mary, s he would have followed Him even to the cross. She read in the Epistles that on noints of doctrine on which she desired to be informed, she was to "ask her husband at home;" but alas! her husband might, with all propriety have sat at 'her' feet and been taught by her! So, like many others,, she "kept the even tenor of her way," and did the best, she could to work out her salvation, and that, she realized, seemed but .very little .towards making "her calling and election sure," and I often realized when she. returned from meeting that her soul had not been fed; I could even feel that she ' The plains reach out to meet the far horizon, As bleak and bare and arid as of old; And fading trails? where wandered once the bison, ' ', Still diml show along the grassy mold. r A tion3, and the, needle rested upon the first verse I have given at the top of this article, I tried the second time, and the second verse was given," and I could not resist the impulse of giving it to the readers of the Exponent: e I mark the plains , 147 EXPONENT. - 1 CI i. . . ' . -- parent, knowing that even if he sees that reproof is needed, that it is in love and for his advancement in rwisdom, knowledge and understanding. Let us, then, be meek and simple and confiding as the child, for the Savior said such was the type of the kingdom of heaven. How simple were the means which the Savior used in some of his greatest and grand- est miracles; it is tne prayenui, tne numoie nnH tVift fjiithfnl snirir. t.rint. Tiv simnlft mpans calls down the divine aid and needed blessing in the often trying hour, when "man'? extremity is God's opportunity." The faith of the Latter-da- v Saints is the faith "once delivered to the Saints," and they realiza that God is with them, that Christ is their- Captain, that their relidon is ''the. everlasting Gospel" that He instituted, and of which He said "the gates of hell shall not prevail-againit." Hannah T. King. . - st We are governed, to a great extent, by the company we keep. If our associates are intemperate, licentious, or immoral, we cannot be pure; and the wretch must be lost, indeed, who comes in contact with, the' innocent and godly, una, wed by their presenc?. Thus it is with our reading. We should shumbiid hooks as we would bad company. Our reading always leaves an impression on our minds, and if it, does not, the time spent in reading is worse than lost. In house-furnishin- v l ' g r t . . a little money and a goou aeai oi taste go much farther than a little taste and a good cleal of money. The first rule, and a most important one, is to go slowly. Learn what you want, and, having decided thi3 question, never accept anything else until all possible expedients are exhausted -- for pr6curing it. Do without until the moment of absolute necessity rather than accept unsatisfactory substitutes. nMore houses are nil them with tern epoilea necause their porary fittings which they afterwards have not the means and the enterprise to get rid of than by any other cause. For people of small incomes the only safe rule is to get only the ab-- . solutely indispensable articles ai first, adding to the store from time to time one really good article after another as opportunities offer. In this way surprisingly good results may be obtained with a co3t so gradual as not to be materially felt; and, if nothing is purchased which is not really good, whatever is bought holds its own with later acquisitions. . . " 