WOMAN'S EXPONENT; t lpfngrt1 preclude the law-- -. fa registration of' votes, or any other provis ions lor securing fair elections which dd not nvolve the disclosure of the candidates for whom any particular elector shall'; have ' roted. Sec. 9. That the laws enacted by the Legislative Assembly of th$ Territory of Utah conferring jurisdiction upon probate courts, or the judges thereof, or any of theni, in said Territory, other than m respect of the estates of deceased persons and in respect of the giurdianship of the persons and property "of infants, and in respect of the ; persons" and property of persons not of , sound mind,' are Lrebv disapproved and annulled: and no hro- bate court or, judge of probate shall exercise: any jurisdiction other than in respect of the matters aforesaid; and every such jurisdiction so by force '"of this Mt withdrawn from the said probate courts or judges shall be had and exercised by the district courts of said Terri- 135 J?- vent sf. polygamy in the Terri- - board therein menitioneH, .sfiall rontinue and jtetiM tones of the United States and, other places, remain operative until the provision and laws and disapproving and annullitfcr certain acts therein referred to. to be made and enacted of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of by the Legislative. Assembly Jof said Territory-of Utah shall have been made and enacted Utah, or in violation of section eighteen hundred and ninety of the Ke vised Statutes by said Assembly, "and shall have been apV of the United States; and all such property so pointed by Congress, forfeited and escheated to the United States ofcu. 17. xiiat wnoever commits nauitery " shall be disposed of by the Secretary of the shall be punished by imprisonment- - in the the and to Inferior, proceeds thereof applied penitentiary not exceeding three years'; and the use and benefit of the common schools in when the art ia "committed between a married the Territory in which such property may beT, Provided, That no building shall be forfeited parties to such act shall be deemed guilty of which is held and occupied exclusively for adultery; and when such act is committed beof purposes religious worship. tween a married man and a' woman who is un- Sec. 14. That in any proceeding for the, enforcement of the provisions of law against adultery. corporations or associations acquiring or holdSec. 20. That if any unmarried man or in the United woman commits fornication, each of them ing property any Territory of States in excess of the amonnt limited by shall be punished by imprisonment not exlaw, the court before which such proceeding ceeding six months, or by fine not exceeding may be instituted shall have power in a sumone hundred dollars. , to .t. . all oi of respectively. the tu tory, mary way compel production ..L:.j.ji - Sec. 10. That the laws enacted by- the' books, records, papers- and documents of or supreme court and district courts in the Terriof Utah- shall Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah belonging to any trustee or person -holding or tory ... possess and may exercise i which provide for or recognize the capacity of controlling -' or managing property- in ivhich an me powers ana j urisaiction mat are or may such have title or to children to be inheritor entitled be possessed or exercised by justices of the corporation may any right, illegitimate whatever. . to any distributive share in. the estate of the interest ww.V VUbl VVA, .AA W J MA4W WUV father of such illegitimate child are hereby nrl t n lomn nnnrari "An form A tr low rrt nnm- Sec. 15. That all laws of the Legislative disapproved ana annulled; ana no illegitimate Assembly of the Territory of Utah, or of the child shall hereafter be entitled to inherit from government of the State of Deseret, United States. to his or her father or receive any distributive creating, organizing, amending, or continuing share in the estate of his or her father: Protorv of Utah, and his deputies, shall possess the corporation or association called the Pervided, That this section shall' not apply to any Fund ana are mayr exercise all the powers inexecutincro . petual Emigrating Company hereby and illegitimate child born previous to the passage disapproved and annulled; and it shall not be the laws of the United'' States nossessed rrr- - r i t 4awfuL-foit1 oi mis, act. ve Assembly of the exercisea ny snernii ana meir uepuiies as r Sec.t11. That all laws of the "Legislative . Territory. Jof Utah to create, organize, or in JVVW UliiVlOj MIA 14 vaVU Ui iUOUl BUttli VOUOU asall offenders manner or Assembly of the Territory of Utah which proagainst the law, in his view, to recognize any corporation any' vide that prosecution for adultery can only be sociation for the purpose of or operating to enter into cognizance to keep the peace and ' 1 i mv uexiA.'"iwrw 01 il. commenced on the complaint of the husband tuts ouurti nav-- accomplish the bringing of persons into the upuear ui .1. or wife are hereby disapproved and annulled; said Territory for any purpose whatsoever. mg jurisdiction of the case, and to commit to and all prosecutions for adultery may be instiiail in case of failure to ocive such recognizance. Sec. 16. That it shall be the duty of the o tuted in the same way that prosecutions for Attorney-Genera- l of the United States to Th other crimes are. cause such proceedings to be taken in the batteries, riots, routs, , affrays, and insurrec- -. Sec. 12. That the acts of the Legislative Supreme Court of the Territory of Utah, as: .Inn. And fihfll annrclttnA nnA onmmif in iail all felons. . Assembly of Utah mcorpb rating continuing .shall be proper to dissolve the said corporation, for or providing (.he corporation 'known as the Sec. 23. That the office of Territorial su- and pay the debts'and to dispose of the proChurch of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, perty and assets, thereof according to law. f)erin ten dent of district schools created by the and the ordinance of the General Asof Utah is hereby declared vacant and , Said property .and assets, in excess of the I sembly of the State of Deseret incorporating debts and the amount of any lawful claims it shall be the duty of the Supreme Court of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daestablished by the court against the same, shall said lemtory to appoint a Territorial supenn Saints, so far as the ame may now have legal escheat to the United States. and shall be tendent of district schools, and who shall posforce and validity, are hereby disapproved and taken, invested, and disposed of by, the Secresess and exercise all the powers and dutiea so as the far same annulled, may preclude the tary of the Interior, under the direction of imposed by the laws of said Territory; upon the States of certain the President of the United States, for . the the Territorial superintendent of district United by appointment ' said trustees of schools, and shall receive the same "salary and corporation as is hereinafter benefit of common schools in said Territory. The of 1 President the United States, provided. Sec; 7. Thai the existing election districts compensation which shall be' paid out of the i by and with the advice and consent of the and apportionments-orepresentation concern treasury of said Territory; and the laws of Senate, shall appoint fourteen trustees of the ing the members of the LegisiatiVe Assembly the Territory of Utah providing for the said corporation, who shall have and exercise of the Territory of Utah, are hereby abolished; method of election and anDointment of unch air the powers and functions of trustees and and it shall be the duty of the Governor, TerTerritorial superintendent of district schools, assistant trustees provided for in the laws ritorial Secretary,; and the United States are hereby suspended until the further action ; of Congress shall be had in. respect theret6. creating, amending, or continuing the said 'Judges, in said Territory, forthwith to redis-triwhich so trustees shall The said su perintendent shall have Dower to said corporation appointed Jin d apportion representahold their respective offices 'for the terfn of two tion in theTernary, same in such manner as to provide, prohibit the use in any district school of "anjr book of a sectarian character or otherwise un years; and the trustees of said corporation shall as nearly as may be, ,for an equal representaoftener or make a full to the tion of the people (excepting. Indians not suitable- .- Said superintendent shall collect' annually report and classify statistics and other information ' Secretary of the Interior embracing all the taxed), being, citizens of the United States property, business, affairs, and operations of the according to numbers, in said Legislative respecting the district schools in" said Terri- said corporation; and.the Legislative Assembly Assembly, and to the number of members of tory, showing their progress.- - the whole num of the Territory of Utah shall not have power the Council i,nd Jlonse of Bepresen tati ves, ber "of children of school age, the number who . to change the laws respecting iaid corporation respectively, al now established "by3 law; and a4 attend sohool' in eaeh year in the respectivQ l wunout thejippjroval oi Congress. Said trustees record of the establishmen t of su ch . n ew discounties and average -- lengths of timebf heir shall each, bond, navahla to the United tricts, and the apportionment, of representa attendance, the number .of teachers who are States, with good and sufficient security, for tion thereto, shall be made Tq the office of the MormonsV the nxiniber who are Gentoe faithful discharge of the duties incumbent Secretary I of said iTerrif orv. and such ktah tiles, the number1 of children of Alormon palishment ue rents and the number of children of and representation shall continue un "u ta uruawjtj, iu buuii bum tu may P3crjbed by the Secretary of the Interior. til Congress shall otherwise " provide; and no Gentile parents, and their rospective average Sec 13.! That it shall be the duty of the persons other than" citizens of the" United attendance at school. All of which statistics AttorheyrGeneralrof the United Stateslo otkl jotherwkequifiedriihalLbe- - entitled to and information shall be annually reported Droaecate nronfiedfns" to forfeit and vote at any election in said Territory. Congress, through the Governor of aid Ter escheat to' the United States the -oEc ia xuanne provisions or section nine ritory and, the Department of .the Tnteripr.,. rj property of . ra. I obtained of violation or held in of said- act annrovftd Marnh.:f.wenfvafnnH curporations .Sec 24. (a), A . widow shall, be. endowed I , fctl9 threepf the: in regard the third, part of all the lands .whereof hcrj Cohgresg approved eighteen hundred and - eighty-two- . .uc usi I qay Qt July, eighteen hundred and to registration or voters,' and the: c6nductpf husband was seized of an estate of inheritance , entitle "An act to punisHn.3 pre-- J elections, and th. " powers and duli 'of tU at any time. aurng ie, marnsgt?, -- , ' ', " ; - ' , . . : . c, - ; ; , . . , . , r- w mmm Y so-call- ed a. ' " the-Legi- slati 1 ' - - ; . y . . - . '.. . so-call-ed y - : . f ; ; , ct so-call- ed -- x so-call- ed : . " .... . . p 1 - -- ct-jo- Uty-tw- b. , 