WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10 il ma on the subj ect of celes t "Joseph" some apparent discrepancies which are 11 t ii uuuw vjin-u- j jpCTlVd'j Hal wyuiuuo S in i t h ae, The revelation on celestial marriage pub lished 111 rthe.Uotnne and Tvovenauts, was given July 12th, 1843. The .principles it contains, with further intelligence on the same subject, were revealed to the Prophet many years before, but. not formulated in 'writing for the Church. r Acting under .instructions from 1 t .1. r.n.nMr1 I. - .1 T .1 me Tjjuru, ilme i ivpuci imu owum mirmn staled to him before the, date of that revelation, and they are referred to in verse 52. There are other matters spoken of in the revelation that pertained to the time when t thft statement flhnwinfir vima ivn - in Millitoti WWW H 'q that, is the heading, as it appears in the" book, correct; nameiy, that the revelation was given on thiit date, although the doctrines it contains were made known and had been acted, upon under' special instructions previous to that . -- - V 1 W - w- -- -- - on-m- any lest they trample, them under their teet and turn aL'ain and rend you," has become as fa miliar as a common proverb. In the rise of the Church the Lord had occasion to admon ish his servants in regard to revelations that were afterwards permitted to be published: "I say unto you, hobryour peace until I shall see ht to make all things Known unto the world concerning this matter." "And now I say unto, you, keep these things frDm.going abroad into the world until it is ex- - .u: pcuicuL ill me : "But a commandment I give unto them that 1. ... 1 ( , 1 L .. .4 1 lUtnvfi iney snail uoi. uoasu lucuistuvca ui uicsc .1 1 ft : '. make no pro-- . treated far better fessions of piety. The people- are generally. very poor, but they give us the best they have. No one could ask more. Tho?e who possr ss more of this world's goods have no place for us, or the principles we teach, as a rule. One night we were hunting lodgings until 9 o'clock,!' being passed from one place to another until we had been turned away nine times, but by strong argument, we prevailed oh the tenth hnr. wa hftfl no Runner. nnA in "J fofincA nc a " rr- "r, Kext morjiing they gave us breakfast and seemed quite friendly, but wanted no "Mor- br-those-w- . nd a-te- y . y poses. . . c It has been frequently asserted by the enemies of the Church th-- . t President John Taylor, in France, publicly denied that the Church entertained the doctrine of plural marriage. Investigation fir the purpose of learning facts will show that h: did id such thing. Directly he denied nothing; indirectly he disputed the assertion that p dyganiy and certain infamous doings wen4 part of the creed of the Church, the charges .lie simply read a seclu answer tion of thj I) ctrine and Covenants relating to the subject of marriage. , Until the open enunciation of. the doctrine of celestial marriage by the publication of the revelation on the subject in 1852, no Elder , t- - net ho - or-hi- s -- . ""vj nonnnf ovfrmafo tnemsohrpa. Tfila worn out and unfruitful, and the religion of the people more . barren than the soil, for. the soil does bring fdrth some fruit, but the fruits e Polygamy, in thi ordinary and Asiatic sense of the term, never-wasaSaints. That which of tli3 Latter-daJosephand Hyrum denounced and for preaching which without authority an Elder was cut off the Church in Nauvoo, .va altogether different to the order of celestial marriag3 including a plurality of wivesK.whieh ibrm3 the . eubjeei of the revelation. So with that spiritual wife doctrine which lustful men "attempted to promulgate at that period. Joseph the Prophet was just as much opposed to that false doctrine as any one could be. It was a counterfeit. The true and divine order is another thing. The errors which those ladies who signed the affidavits declared were not known to them as doctrines of the Church were nott are not, and never will be part of the creed of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. They were conscientious in their statements. Joseph and Hyrum were consistent in their action against the false doctrines of polygamy and spiriMinl infeism, instigated by the devil and advocated by men who did not comprehend sound doctrine uor the purity of the celestial marriage which God revealed for the holiest of pur- ' . infr-ism- . 1843. r m ? wi-r- i . I neither speak of them before the world, for date. . f unto you for your profit Those opponents of plural marriage who these things are given salvation (Doc & Co v.) deny that it was taught and practiced by the ;and your t Prophet: Joseph , in. face of testimony enough Under , these instructions Polders .had no to establish any fact beyond the possibility of to promulgate anything but that which "rational con trad iction, frequently refer to the right were authonzea to teacu. iina wnen as . "i. .... oi ine vnurcni in they utterances ox me leauers sailed by their enemies and accused of practis Nauvoo against the teachings of pertain pering things which were really not countenanced sons ou polygamy; and alsothe denials and i n t he Ch u rch , they we re j us lified i n d en y i n g ladies concerning , polyaffiilavit3rof-sever- al those imputations and, at the same time avoid These statements and spiritual gamy the "avowal of such doctrines as were not are cited as evidence that Joseph and Hyrum ing intended for the world. This course which yet Smith opposed to plural jnarriage, and they have taken when necessary,, by commandthat it was denied Jy8onie of the ladies who ment, is all the ground which their accusers afterwards avowed their own marriage to the have for charging them with falsehood. brother Ilyrum. Prophet The doc'.riue of celestial marriage, including But examination of the history and the the plurality of wives, wa3 revealed to Joseph facts will disclose that there is no real contra Smith the Prophet by the same power and diction between the alleged conflicting state- - from the same source as all the other revela- mantci nni hnwop.n Thft Jioiirvn nf . nocn s contained 4n the , book of Doctrine and. Hyrum in regard to polygamy and the doc Covenants, and they stand or fall together. trines laid down in the revelation of July 12(1), The was commanded its to i i iu lug mm was iuc wai luiug iu weaving nome , and mother. The scenery over the D. & 11. G. cannot be surpassed. It h artfully grand! My companion, James .Campbell, of Salt Lake City, and myself, have been out on two trips, but did not get an opportunity to preach, our labors being confined to private conversation.. Some parts of our field of labor have been canvassed by the Elders in times past, and in other parts thepeople have never seen" an Elder. In the mountain districts, among the poorer classes, we find some people who are very friendly, and appear quite willing to investigate the principles of the Gospel, but the more wjealthy, who are located on the "low lands, manifest a total indifference, and care to have nothing to say to us alter they nna out wno we are. lne day will come, and that speedily, when they will be willing to accept the truth, and when they know not where to find it. 7 This is truly a day of gleanings, aDd the blood of Israel is hard to find. The people are bound ddwn by sectarian traditions ;.and n -fa na iv;hrisMfinirv-rrownicn it. sppitis- thpv JJ " t .lheworld. was - authorized T'he "Almighty hasTevealed things occasions which were for His servants and not for the world. Jeans enjoined Hismsciples on several occasions to keep to themselves principles that He madeknown to them. And His .injunction, "Cast not your pearls before swine, -- Church at inception monisra. ' receive the revelations and precepts which God I do not feel as well here as I do in Utah, VT)uht1rYianifest"tlir()Ugh himyand this is onerof but stilFl cannot complain much. I have felt them, to the.truth of which the heavens have quite cheerful and generally borne witness at least as much as to the diviniand if" I can have the faith and prayers of the ty of any others. That Joseph practiced what Saints in my behalf I shall enjoy my labors, he taught "and wa? himself the husband of I have had but one letter from Utah since several wives in the holy order of celestial ieaving, but I learn from Elder Morgan that been has marriage, thoroughly authenticated, matters are getting worse. and the affidavit of William Clayton forms Ever praying for the welfare of. all the one more strong and important link in a chain Saints in Zion, and craviug an interest in of evidence that U so complete and convincing your faith and prayers, I remain, as to leave-nroom for reasonable controYour true friend and thankful student, ;' versy. Geo. W. Baker. The world may not receive the glorious docMay 20, 188(. trine of eternal matrimony by which husbands and wives are made one forever, nor the principle of plural m irriage, which is an essential PRESIDENT YOUNG'S BIRTHDAY. part of that doctrine. But those who have come out .of darkness into light, and have i learned how to know the voice of the Good How President Biieham Young's birthday Shepherd, will secthe beauty and divinity of was celebrated at Proyp City, by the Primary that comprehensive revelation, and hearken to Associations, June 1st, 188G. the spirit, which leads iti the way to the conAt 2 n.m. a verv lan?o crowd of fair young tinuation of the lives, whereia are exaltation and dooiiui ui and power iu the presence of juveniles assembled at the Brighara Young' Academy tozicommemorate the natal day oi God and His Christ throughout the eternal Prphident Bricham Yoimcr. The hall was ages. decorated with flowers, and the bust of our late Desyrel Xews, May 20, 1886. worthy President was on thestand. Avery interesting programme was carried out uy etc.. children, consisting of songs, recitations EXTRACTS. after which addresses were mad o by President A. iv. cmoot. rroi. tv. kx. ivia3ser ami hio,v missionary boy's letter. A. K. Smoot. jrivint? a characteristic sketch of President Young's life. After this dancing Dear Mis3 Ida: . light-hearte- d, o ' . tod in nntU I received the letter, the coun-swas good, and just such as we were given by the brethren of the Twelve. Send me another like it, only a great deal I have not heard from Milo since w6longer. separated on the 29th ult., but be. was Ui go to Virginia-afte- r visiting his relatives in Kentucky. el Leay. returned home feeling it n'nst.six:. and all was a day long to be remembered. Wa VinvA Tint liPflrd frrsm t.hA other wards yet, but it was decided that it should be celebrated throughout Utah Stake. A. K. Smoot, Prcst., Grace Smith, Ass't Sec. uni-yersal- ly 