WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 50 dignities offered under the guise of patriotic v gallantry. tlie on' born barren soil of Salt was once I, Lake City, a child proud of my birth right, trained to Freedom of thought, jrceaom oi speecn ana imerty or action "sis tent with the rights of others. Some of my i ea r i es t reeol !ec enj s a r e ' o f 1 h o eel ebra 1 o n 3 o t Independence day, when I learned to love the Stars and Stripes and honor the Constitution, which guaranteed to all "life, liberty and the 2p u rsuit of h appincss, and to ey e ry creed the right to worship God according to the dictates5 These ideas are indelibly of conscience." stamped upon my soul, and I emphatically to the governdeny ever being taught disloyalty ' ment of the United States. ; And fromTthe principles of the Gospel as taught by Jesus jO'hrist ia former days and', again estabfeheJion, earth,. through Jo.seph fcraitn in tins dispensation, 1 nave reqeivea extended views on the rights and privileges of woman, and I know that the Church of Jesus Christ "of Latter-da. Saints proclaims the greatest freedom 'and broadest charity for woman. She is regarded as man's equal, and his duty to protect,, honor and cherish her is " 1 1 -- 1 1 " . ' y T of-wom- t v7 r rtrJ Let those who would learn of the true status in this Church, throw away all no- tions obtained from the ravings of anti-Mo- r mon a govern, all your zealots.--Let-jeaso- had every right that any woman ought to have; personally speaking perhaps she has, But can she say "this truthfully of thousands of her Kfi know she cannot. - Many of the sex? .Saints have been rescued from the bondage, grinding poverty and sins of New York and (.titer American cities, and their present condition is infinitely improved in these pleasant vales; besides, we are a read the statistics of New in" community. Were .1 ... .1.1? l.ntm n'MiUln iri orK never puousuu u minb ua. ihi record there. of They, better. opinion, society "sur-- . 30,000 prostitutes, and as niany plus women" (a libel on the economy of her Creator.) Hy the time Mrs. .Nichols and her philanthropic sisters have reclaimed and provided for all there, aud the thousands of homeless, childand neglected, to the: ren besides, shemay consistently-come- r rescue of "Mornon" women. In the meantime we will enjoy our perfect freedom, our happy homes, noblo husbands, our bright, healthy, children, and pray for deliverance from outside, tyranny and oppression. A Plural Wife. . Aug. 9t 188. '...;. they-know-- that -- 1 "A' so-call- . half-starve- d wcll-cared-fo- over-worke- d r . " vestigations, and make a'memoranda of a few facts, furnished by the " people upon. Zwhose cause you are to sit Jn judgmenL-- lThe women of this Church arecharged with being slaves. In face of the fact that she has an equal vote in all ecclesiastical affairs, which prevents the possibility of tyranny from the Church, she still holds the right of suffrage (despite the determined efforts of our pre tended emancinators t.n wrpst. 'it. imm im ) nnri- a3 the ballot is secret, political despotism is a myth. Again, women have perfect freedom of speech, andv are thoroughly organized and trained in public speaking. I don't think there is a community on earth where women have greater privileges ni this respect. Then she has full liberty of the press; the columns of every newspaper are at her service, and women even publish a paper, in which every woman i3 urged to express her views and sentiments on all subjects. . Women have on several occasions embraced the privilege of holding mass meetings, when thousands of women throughout the Territory nave ussemuiea ana empnatically protested ' against the wrong, injustice and oppression not of men holding the priesthood, or any Church measure, but against the national de fenders and protectors of women (?) They have drawn up memorials, framed protests and sent intelligent, educated ladies to represent them at the capitol of the nation, besides sign-in;netitions in t.hn mnnl nrrW with Kf AAA signatures. Are these the acts and privileges ' -- Mrs. Hannah T. King: : :t Dear Madame: In looking over my old numbers of the Exponent, I find an article wntteu by you upon the biography of Alice. and Pheebe Cary; and I had written a sketch concerning our gifted Ohio girls recently in the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette, and was so surprised a&d pleased upon coming across your article yesterday, the Exponent was of June 15th, 1880. On the 24th of last October, one of the loveliest-Autum- n days, a real poem, or grand painting, as I remember it now, we, my husband, children and myself visited the birthplace and girlhood home of the Cary sisters. You can imagine my feelings, mingled pleasure and pain, as I stood upon the very spot where "the brown house, low and small," had once been the "Clover nook" so dear to the hearts of the sisters. A flock of chattering blackbirds Hew over our heads and swallows dipped near the ground, close by just as they did years ago when the "mother, blue-eyeand beautiful" watched her children playing in the door yard. I was born and have always lived within a few. miles of the place; my relatives and the Cary sisters have Associated and intermarried; yet this was my first visit to the place. Hoping you will be pleased with this letttr and so forth, I remain Very respectfully, E. S. D. : d : - " . NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Helen-.GougarrftingronrBir mingham, Eng., to the Inter-Oceago farther, and state that we have other rights, expresses middle-classewhich the Gospel aud the Constitution have satisfaction in the great English She gives a vivid description of the degraded conferred upon us. Each woman has-thriglu. to 'the love, care and protection of the position of the women and children in the hnsband of bt r choice, embracing the right to manufacturing districts. the fust great law of her being, to n fullijl A regulation a? old as the French Academy "an .honorable wife and mother. Where Sciences has just been broken in Paris. of hi v; t re a coiumuni ty of women , more blest? Women have hitherto been excluded from the We have the. right to hold land in cur own sittings of the Academy, but at the meeting of taxes on it, too, but not H3 many June 28 the interdiction was raised in favor of otiu'rs. 'without representation. We have tho Mile. Sophie Kowlewska, Professor of Matheright to uavpt any proposal of marriage.also the matics at the University of Stockholm, and r auu giuo wc jiut (inveii ' of the eminent paleontologist. Addaughter to Auui hke dumb brutes and married by the miral Jurien de la Graviere, who iluz men in fto authority Nothing but ficwelcomed her in graceful terms,, aud presided said that tion will sustain such statements. her should be a presence cause of nrldeaud Mrs. Nichols, of the Relief Corp3, invited not only to the matheniaticiacs pleasure, inc oppressed women" ot Utah to come to New, but to the whole Academy. As she York and they should receive help,for there she', entered, ,all the members rose to salute her. She toob .Li?t-eomm- sense answer. I will M. . n, s. e ' be-c-:- - titK-fliid-f- M.: Chevreul.. . H. Denio, Professor of German and Lecturer on the History of Art at Wejlesley College, has made a fine Germ.an translation of Raraona, by "II. II." translation is published in Leipzie, and is done intelligently, and with a keener appreciation of the author's delicate vein than could be hoped for from a translator lesS favorably Mis3 Elizabeth : v ' placed. The Twelfth Parliament of Queen Victoria which opened on Thursday, August 5th, i3 more friendly to the cause likely to prove even of women, than- that which closed ita brief g space of existence last June. The the in is for first time the history of note that of the Women's Suffrage Movement, its friends number an actual majoriy - in the House amounting to 344: equivalent to a majority of 14. The next point for encouragement is the marked diminution from-defea-t, retirement, or other causes, qf the opponents of the measure, only about 136 having been returned, the opiuiorn of the remainder are still unknown. . . first-thin- EXTRACTS FROM A LETTER. ? or siavesr Scientific American. - 7 in- her place between Gen. Fave and nn' , pl-es-e- At the opening of the last. Parlraajentfthe number of known friends was'314, atad the second reading of theNVomen's Sufffge Bill was carried without a division. We rati, therefore, hope for a still greater measure of -- success during next session. On August 5th, the day when Parliament opened, a deputation from the principal Com mittees waited on Mr. Woodall with a request, that he would the Parliamentary Franchise (extension to women) Bill" in the: ensuing session. Ex. A Lady LL. D. The President of Smith College Northampton, Massachusetts, U. S. A., has just forwarded to Mis3 Amelia B. Edwards, the gratifying intelligence that his college has conferred on her the honorary degree of LL. D., adding that this is the first occasion on which an "American college has conferred that degree on a woman. We may add that it :isthe first ttme that any woman m lier Majes ty's dominions has received the distinction. Ihe Royal Irish University, which last year conferred the honorary degree of Doctor of Music on the' Princess of Wales, set a preced ent for conferring an honorary degree on a lady. But if we would seek a precedent for the special decree of the Doctor of Laws, we shall . , have to go back to the days when the University of Bologna admitted ladies as profeseors of the learned sciences in the 13th and 14th centuries. We heartily congratulate Mm Edwards on this recognition of her servicej to learning. Miss E1 cards' name is doubtless familiar to many of our readers ag the author of "Barbara's History," "A Thousand; Miles up the Nile," and many other writings; but it may be less generally known that she is the indefatigable secretary of the Egyptian Exploration Fund, a'member of the British Archaeological Society, and of the Society for Promoting Hellenic Studies. Miss Edward3 is also a Vice- - President of the West of England Society suffrage. Ex. . 'for-Women'- ' .... Patents have been issued te. women during the week ending August 3, 188G, as follows: Louisa Cappiani, New, York, NrY., Sheet " ; music case. V Ellen Dilloij, Sioux City, Iowa, ' Flat-iro- n ; Heater. Ella N, GailIard,New York, N. Y., Musical ' , Watch. -- Mary ' ' . - - : J. Holt, San Francisco, Cal., Portable Book-holde- r. Fanny 'K. rsh,Bloomsburg,Pa.Dust-paD- . - 