. ; .'' '(.;.' - ; "IFor.tbe : A woman's truest empire Is her home: FLORAL HINTS. infliipnpf. were not only capable of inlelli : Exponent WOMAN'S RIGHTS. WOMAN'S EXPONENT genUx.Cexercisingthe.;right.ioXJrariphi that had been conferred on them, but also of filling woman's mission on earth, as Mothers, Wives and Daughters, dispensing aid and comfort toall wno were in neeu. The standing officers were unanimously sus tained for the ensuincr year, liie .expo nent, was well spoken of, and arrangements were made for an increased nst.ior tne coin-im- r Volume. Elders C. C. Shaw and II. H. Petersen addressed the meeting. enc:urag The Inp- the ladies in their good works. Sunday School Choir, under the direction of Professor li. H. Peterson, idded greatly to the interest zof -theJ meeting by their sweet 1 . -Nor should she idly from Its precincts roam; Nor In her neighbors seek some fault to find, . ; But strire her own affairs alone to mind. IIlh as a good man's place will always be, As hi h is a true womin'i destiny. Quietly working at the side of no an, Both ttrirlng to do all the good they can. TIs womin's right to load In virtue's way The opening mind, from childhood's earliest day. Teaching to ardent and aspiring youth, i Self sacrifice, pure kro, unshaken truth. With loving zeal to charm the cares of age, -- The sickness to asuage: pang when trials pain, comforter be To a la sorrow and ad versity, sustain. To seek the homes where striken sisters lie, -- " : To teach the trembling sinner how tolire or die: Eager and glad each holy worktoald, " To share the burdens upon others laid- j Hy gentle wrds win erring hearts from wrong, A ud show what power to Wdman does belong.; Nor turning from small deeds which must be done, And by which much of lasting good la won. , May we each strivo our duties to fulfill, With earnest purpose and determined will; Helpmeet for mau not rivals, should we prove; Our empire home, our"IUgbta" maintained by lore. A. it. CKfTRrrnxB. , ; Dear Exponent: , 7- Your appreciated remembrance-1- " noted last evening, as sit down after , the day's toil to read all the good things you carefully store up like honey in the comb, for the and elevation of us "poor I ent downtrodden." y has been a charming one and I have enjoyed it, lingering among the roses, breathing fragrance of the lillies and honeysuckles, admiring the "curious markings, shades and colors of pansies, pinks, verbenas and sweet peas; and' even stooping to close, mhashreVshares-of imliJthejearjej sin firing. " of A nestling, verdant foliage. : The roses are all ten dollarseTyaOh from C M. I. Bishop Liljenquist has just re - aglow in rarest beauty, of every hueand in ' turned from Salt Lake City, having pur- pure whi te to crimson and yellow: phased a Library which will be managed by sWhmassessuchW'onderfulr'abundancoTTT the Society. Hoping yooAvill pardon me that the name of "Rose Cottage" might not for trespassing: on your valuable space, ana be inappropriate for our humble, vine clad praying God to bless you in your enterprise home. The subject of flowers is so apropos to my which has already done much good among your sisters, I remain yours very respect- feelings, now that w are in the midst of Harriet A. Shaw. their beau ty and fragrance, that I thought I fully, would respond to your suggestion, in May V first.- - So as soon as I had got the children Washington City, May 19 th. ofif to Sunday School and Willie "sleeked Tha Yournr Ladi's : Retrenchment Asso up," I hunted out my writing things and ciation, of this city, holds weekly meetings began. 7 .. R. S. REPORTS. which are well attended- .- Much improve I should have told you at the first that our association since the ment been made has by ' The Relief Society of South Cottonwood its organization. Lately a quorum of Teach- - Willie is mot a year old, has seven teeth, . . . ... i a i Ward held its Sixth Annual meeting, May ers, with nas iDeen eiecieu a in au can say 'fma, pa, up," eat strawberries like President Sis19th, 1874. Sister Mary I. Home, and dition to the former officers. This commit anything, tear a rose to pieces In less than also ter Kimball from the city were present, tee numbers nine, whose names are as fol two minutes and we do think is just the from adjoining lows:, Mrs. Jane Brands, President;, mem smartest, prettiest, Sister Howard and others boy ever House .was Ward Oh flowers. Cottonwood the Well, a yes! wards; the bers. Misses Josephine UarK. Jb'neDe uov- - seen. But well filled with earnest listeners. There ington, Susan Chidester, Julia Vanarden, lady called yesterday to see our garden. was singing, prayer, and the reading of Maria Ruth Richie, Carolina Pe- - When she came in sight of the roses, lilies, Sarensen, followed : minutes and financial reports, by the desirena peonies and such like brilliant flowers, she tersonrVirginiar Tyler.Iis from Elder happy and instructive remarks the 'desisrn of the Association to learn to stopped, raised her hands and shouted, "0 sisariumber the ol. and William ih Young realize inore fully ihe privileges vouchsafed dead J," and thea stood in almost mute adafters. Several- - sisters and a baby, being to young Latter-da- y and by acting miration. Finally she Tasked, "VtWHy "canSaints, flicted, were administered to; and meeting unon them, to improve in every good thing. not I, who love a garden and flowers so adjourned until.' the second Thursday in To let alone the follies of the outside world, much, have them to make my heart glad?" June. Said I, "My dear woman, you can as well to set good examples and De leaders in tne President. ; Mrs. JannctteCahodn,' of virtue, rather than followers after as not." way Mrs. Anne E. Iixbrum, ) Li-""But," said she, "I don't know how to Lucy Cooper, President. vauity. ' f ; Miss Ella E. Despain, take care of them." can Said I, "A child can learn, and.-s- o ErMRiCHMQiCtiCHE Co. ,May 22 rid, 1 874. From.IlYRUMi Cache Co. May 13th, 1S747 According to previous appointment, a Then she said, "I don't get time." SotheUUchmond Oh Saturday, the 9th inst., the Relief number of ladies -- mefc-in Said I, "It don't take much time. A wociety of this Ward held : its sixth Annual Hall, Thursday, May 14th, 1874 for the pur- man may have a nice flower garden for meeting. Although the," day was stormy, 'there was a good attendance. The ment Association. Sister S. A. Merrill twenty minutes daily, in - the Summer; and Christina Liljenquist, after con- made some excellent, remarks and Miss this you can save when "Mrs. gratulating the Society on the arrival of its Mary Stewart spoke ot the benefits of "such calls ,Take her out to see the garden, then she repeats her gosSixth Anniversary, spoke upon their past an association, arid explained to some ex you go to work while v ; v r: ' : t labors. --They had beefl onejnjtho past, tent what was meant by ''Retrenchment." sip or errand. "Weil," said shei "I never thought of there had been nothing but peace and har- Several other sisters made appropriate remony among them, and the result was, that marks. The following officers were unani- that. I might really, but I've got no seeds, and don't know how to plant them." ;: God 'had abundantly blessed their humble mously elected. ; Said I, "I have nicest of seeds, some I All the officers had . endeavors to do good. Miss Mary'Stewart JPresiderit; Miss Dela been diligent and faithful in the discharge Stewart, Mrs. Hannah Stewart, Mrs. Sarah raised and some I sent to the States for. I of their duties, as the report of the year Stewart, Miss Ella Griffon, Miss Mary can let you have all you want." would show;; The Secretary Mrs. M. M. Lewis, Miss Abbie Pond, Miss Josephine "But," said she, "How can I pay you?" ; Nielson then read tho financial statement. "O never mind" said I, "I'll take it in Whittle, Counselors; Miss Phebe A MerThe books showed that there had been re rill Secretary, Mrs. Betsy Burnham Treas- butter when the cow comes in; or you may -' make Willie his first pants." (I think of ceived $226.65, and that a goodly portion of urer the amount had been disbursed to aid the It was resolved to hold meetings every puttinghimin pants next month. Don't to assist in other good Thursday at 4 p. m. J you think ho " will look delightful? Little sick, the poor, and :i acwas The works. report The young ladies all seem much interest, man!) unanimously . "Well," said she, "thank you, I'll do it cepted. . Addresses were then delivered by ed, and are thankful that we havei such an t Mrs. Or I'll sendBetsy up some day when you Lucy Wilson and 3lartha Ward, (Coun- organization in our midst. have a big washing." Phebe A Merrill, Soc'y. selors,) also by several of the Teachers, ' the Each speaker congratulated "All right," saidX Society upon ; its improvements, and the good feeling that "But I don't know what ' sort of seeds -- I -A lawyer, in replying to his antagonist want," said she. .had existed among its members during the lust six years, which was something to bo in couit, said he had a keen rapier with I'll tell you what kind I like best," said I, proud of, and was a strong proof that nearly which to pierce all fools and knaves," where- "arid which are easiest raised." two hundred women, associated together in upon his opponent "moved the Court" that "And you'll tell me how to plant them," the Gospel of Jesus Cnrist for the mutual tho rapier be taken from Jhim, lest he should' said she. ' ' : ; benefit of themselves and all within their commit suicide." "Certainly," said I, "and come down and To-da- - - ... i . jr e v . . : "blue-eyedes- t" '..".;--,.;..'- : - . Presi-'dent,M- rs. Gad-a-bou- t" . - " " . A 