REPUTATION QXK TllLJSUllAliAUlPjUl ivur,ixo . uijj wjx M RS. v II. K. PAINTER, M. D.I K ELECTRIC PHYSICIAN. ' AGENTS. Jt: v t Elckricity"admihistere4 when 1 Office, East side of Second East Street; ore an a hat i ; I Cityr Jtfocks south of Theatre, cases, recAur i. ; 'ri? a nerson is accounted to be ; ; , ',v . ;r : r Levity. bv others: character consists ia "What he really, is; ! Mrs. Elvira Barney, Mrs. ZIna P. Young.' defalcations have ' come to lbht nianv Kimball Amanda P. . . Young, C it .Margt. n 4T AIIYIJIOIAEKEIILMIX inand in public lately in private business houses Staines, - ,1 i' Lily ill:- .. Hampton, 16th Sarah Smith, stitutions. The defaulters in every instance are Office oi potite Old Constitute a Building, Main Ward, MaryJ.Thomsoh, Kijokeu of as per;jos in high standing. Of course to 3 p. m. Sarah E. Smith, Street. Office hours 10 bteel, would Margaret or been have such, must they they necessarily Miss Sarah E. Russell. amounts of T?nniifaflnn Is what ; ; ; Salt-Lak- ; viLLli ' ; : . a.-m- , not have been entrusted with such large ".. CORRESPONDENTS. and vagabonds have no "wueyr'Beggars,--pauperMrs. Laura Miner, 4 - j MrsE-BWel- ls, opportunity to become heavy, defaulters,;; On the Miss Mary E. Cook. A. B. Smith, men or are. uciaulters exinur comejy contrary, ' AGENTS, jjjxjmrchs their They enjoyaTair repu7aiop; ho dlftent tronTall thescjappearanoes : h aiaracterl y hen they look at themselves their they beliol 1 a sight quite unlike it hat they seem to way-o-f living; ri - SraryTlichrParis Jiich Count y J - ; self-examinat- I would i Parlor and ; Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. Emily Woodruff, Randolph. it 7 ' ' BABIES AT! VIENNA. nty. At No. - - t. ' ! , Davis County. East Temple Street, acd No. 75, Ymt , Salt Lake County. j 31, South Street :.';k Mary Clark, Farmington, Aurelia Rogers, Margaret RandeIl,Centreville, Elizabeth Barlow, Bounti ful, Susan Grant, j. Sylvia Clark, : the childrens Sets of furniture to call and m, II. DINWOODEY, Harriet Snow, Brigham City. d. Bed-roo- Cache County. TBojr-ElderCo- u II II II II II advise the Ladies who want to buy finft examine tho. immense stock kept by M; A: Maughanf Logan, Jane S. Coleman, Smithfield. H. A. Shaw,'Hyrum. rii . imiNlSlFfYUURt HOMES. Oneida County, Idaho. Mrs. Orissa Allrcd, St. Charles, : be in the eves of the community. 1i lX character which cannot sternly stand the test f is hot a ftf xtrut nnd Kearthmz .good character. If young men begin life with the daily Iiabitof reviewing their own conduct, and reso- w luteiy cnanging it wnenever it uma iu eqmui; iui thft strictest standard of distuiguishing between riirht and wrong, they will never become defaulters. They will prove equal to any trust which may be reposed in them: because they will be guided by a compass equally well adapted to smooth seas or rough, and which, under all circumstances, points toward aTsure and safe harbor.-electe- A correspondent writing of and Surgeon,; Office at the Townsendl House. Room No. 60 n pEM rSFfoTlslmmTOgdeii ; 1 jpi jjysiciafi ? , , r jyRS. CARPENTER; . i H. WALLACE Has tke best, largest and purest stock of confec tionary in Salt TLake city, Just the place for ladies L to purchase. ; Higgins, West Jordan, II department at the Vienna Exposition, says, : Barbara Moses, agent & cor$. Big most of II "As to the Vienna pavilion, though NEW CLUB RATES. v the contents are the veriest playthings,many r Determined that nothing shall be. wanting on the ToccleCounty. r: ieiiinsvering to no purpose in the best Mrs. J. De La Mare, Tooele City. part of the Publishers, .to increase the circulation of Tut hand.yet i t is not altogether uninterest Mrs. E. Ciegg, the Exponent and aid in promoting the ohjects con- ii. ii d moMrs. M. A. House, Grantsville. ing. The most interesting tern plated in its puhlicatioh, by making it truly an dels in plaster are stationed about the room; Utah County.' exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sus Eight or. ten of these illustrate the style in tained by them, read by them, and its columns Brown, Pleasant Grove, ii which women of ditrerent nations carry their enriched with a widely circulated expression of their ii Ann Bringhurst, Springville, babies. The Asiatic Indian woman carries Harrison, ii ii thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as Provo T. Jiers in a blanket hanging in front somewhat Smoot, Qity, ii Margaret to prepare for increasing the value arid importance of below the waist; the Bengaleso woman with ,' Juab County. the paper with the beginning of the next volume, the child astride low down upon her left hip, Amelia Goldsbrough, Nephi. which a larger subscription list will .enable us to do The its back; Ann Pitchfortb, H andier left arm supnortintr the getter ljyear, withjapyjto "as. 16'tBeSlP' Martha JrCorayragent & cor.j Mona,- - 19 copies, rr seems 'figure club of the quitQndiffercnt r'?18;0&- up Amy L. Bigler, Nephi. ' ficuliies in this way bfcarrying,which must J 15 copies. 1 year, with a copy to the getter Sanpete County. ; be a h ighly artistic performance if done so 26 00 up of the club & cors. M. A. agent woman i Spring cleverly in reality. The Egyptian 20 copies, 1 year, with r copy to the getter r. City. carries hers in a stately manner, me child up ol the club and a lrnmed steel engravSarah Peterson, Ephraim, .V -12x16 inches, of President Brigham ii her hands its with astride ing, shoulder, sitting Gunnison. Helena Madison, .: 2 V ii 50:, 34,00 price, selling Young, Mrsi Boel Peterson, Ephraim. upon her head, and without any clothing to 30 cophs, 1 year, with a copy to the getter ,., woman of. hers Brazilian The Mrs carries Mary Thorpe, speak up of the cluband a superior jfirst proof, .i Millard County. in a somewhat similiar manner, also in full steeb engraving Brigham ;; You The framed, selling astride handsomely, her neck; ig, Delilah 01eson,iFillmore, : . : undress, it sitting: " tr 00 48 $4 price , Chinese baby i$ carried ' upright upon the ii Belinda M. Pratt, riliio(n Clubs can be commenced rat any time;, And. add irnr back, in a blanket, and the South African in has can be made after the first list of names tions Beater County. ' " a bag in front, formed by a blanket about v iJ " ' been sent.' . Mrs. Ruth Tyler, Beaver, the hi D5 of t h e .moth er. i The Lower Aus-Money can be remitted by registered letter at the Lu B. Pratt, agent & Cors. YTJi'' risk of the publishers, fry- - z nf t f trian woman carries hers by swinging it in Vju We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especiala blanket over one shoulder upon her. back, Iron County. Lur i : ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Belief Societies' while tho Korthcrri Austrian carries hers will endeavOr to get up clubs, and that they will Mary Weimer, Parowan, ' bound upon a board, after the style of can I Miss themselves agentrfor the extension of the Josephine Smith, circulation f the Exponent. , Mrs. Ellen Lunt, Cedar Ciiy, dy models in confectionery stores. The Lap-lau- d cot ' baby is carried in a sledge-shape- d Kane County. made of leather. It seems to have be Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kanarra, chucked in, feet foremost, and then a frame Ann Lunt, agent & cors. - Mary tied over the opening for its face, whether Tun young women made the Harlem Riv-- ; : - Cedar City. to prevcut it from crawling out or to keep er at New. York lively on Saturday, by a County. lYashington than-Icathe dogs from kissing it, is more swimming match. The prize ,wa3 a snic & cors. Caroline Jackson, agOnt be imagined. The Esquimaux wonaan,who dress. valuedt$I757andTthey(listaiice:ar : SL , George, p high-towears wide, boots, and puts the mile. Miss Delilah Goboess of Philadelphia, Elizabeth Canfield, Washington. outin the baby right end foremost, down proved the winner, swimming; :the mile in: . Mrs. Mary Conficld, Ilamlin's Fort. 4 0 minutes. Miss 3iaggie Col ton of Boston ; side of One of them, and doubtless, accordcame in second.. "Miss Mollie Denan of Ire- - ; ing to Dr. Kane's description of her style, land led for some distance, but nobly resign- carrying her cooking and heating utensils in the other. - The North American woman! - Queen Victoria . an English Jenkins ed her chance of vinning,to rescue a young carries her papoose'strapped to a board, and says, has a cask of fresh sea water sent dai- - man who had fallen into the water. The that strapped upon her back by a band over Jy to London, for her morning bath, during spectators raised a purse to buy Miss; Denan tne forehead. a cold watch, as a reward for her bravery. her residence in that citv. r hali-sixe- , - 5 ; (.- , P.-Hj'd- , e, ". ". . i 1 ; : T i-- '. ; . . ' ;. i - . : . . i- , ' : -- -h- -iinl , i i ,. con-stit- ; j ; ute - ? . ) : - -- I n . -- ; : ' -- 