WOMAN'S 1GG I . whai is the result ? At night, there is no and applicable i nra large humber of cases sweet smile from Mother and the though t- O flower! the sunshine loves to kiss, V than any halfa dozen medicines ve can now h fill child goes to bed with a sad heart, not or or or Speckled streaked, bright dull! think of,is a heaping teaspoon full of common to be blest with cheering dreams, or to rise What can wo say hut thlsl- sal t, and as m uch ground m us ta rd, stirred in the morning full of joy to meet the par-eT So beautiful! whom she has offended. Who anions rapidly in --a cup of water, warm or cold, and O grass! that has with glory decked 1 s wall o wed insta ntly. I is scarcely do wa ou r you ng sis ters th enr would not take the The land that else were bare and dull, before it begins to come up, bringing with advice of experience, and love and obey ThU for thy tltlo we elect , it the remaining contents of the stomach, theirdear fathers and mothers who, while Most beautiful ! and lest there bo any remnant of a poison, In life, bless and protect them from the" 0 star! that gilciest all the sea, however small, let the white of an egg, or a snares of this wicked world? And And flll'stthe air with splendor full, What is there to be saldf thee teacup of strong coffee, be swallowed as soon when death separates loving hearts, is Save beautiful t as the stomach is quiet: because these very it not worth worlds, to know that the dear on ar ticles I h uliify!allarger3umberx)f onesl have gone loIpIeadlfoOheirjchildren, O child! with tresses spun o gold, JoeqI ulentoisoii.i haariy-exlicin- es "And ryinnrfttrfrraTtmt r i oJhia. j JB LPiepa re a home for the m i n t h e mani What word has half thy beauty told sions of the blest, of shops. ,, - Like 4ca utilul ? r. to obedience the principles of the kingdom Ir Buckw In truth, when any thing Is sweet,' oLour Eather in heaven, areTleft as the rich-- 1 cu ps oPtepidwater, nearly The grass we tread, the flower Ave cull, es t of Jnheri tances, for those that love the 4 cups of buckwhoat The star, the child, we must repeat-- salt. Measure the flour after sifting, or they Lord ! Then, let us each one say; Howcver How beautiful! Alice Caky, will bo too thick. Mix in a stone Jar, and if others may do, as for me, I will seek to do v'H; desired for break f let them stand oyer right, and Serve God.1 Knowing that When wa do we fecl contented and have a night in a warm place to' rise, and when sweet this, HOUSEHOLD HINTS. that, whispers peace and light fry as other griddle cakes. Leave comfort influence in the midst of earthly trials. And The Home of Taste. How easy it is to about a teaeupful of bitter in the jar, and when the sleep of death comes, what a gloadd salt and flour as omitting rious bq neat to be clean How easy to arrange the water, The second and before, in the realms-o- f thought t m ess will bird yeast. the rooms with the most graceful propriety! the sanctified, and enjoy the society of the How easy it is to invest our houses with the be better than the first. Use no saleratus noble, just and true that have gone before in these cakes. If they should become sour truesl elegance I legancasidest with cleanse us! E. .F. Thomas. the jar thoroughly and start again the upholsterer or the draper; it exists in the spirit presiding over the apartments of with'yeast. Be sure to keep the jar in a cool Smith field, March 14th, 1874. the dwelling. Contentment must always place after the batter begins to rise, or it L. Greene Richards: bo most grateful; it sheds serenity ovelTthe will become sour. These cakesjire delicious Mrs. This is a beautiful morning, "warm scene of its abode; it transforms a waste in- with nice butter and honey. Very, nice but your correspondent to a. garden. The home lighted by those apple griddle cakes are made as above, bright and pleasant, first-rat- e not in body or mind, either feeling imitations of a nobler and brighter life may only substituting good wheat flour for buckbe wanting in much which the discontented wheat, and when ready to fry, stirring gen concluded, by way of "courting sunshine" tly among them a quantity of sliced, mel to sit down and address a line to you. Doubtdesire, but to its inhabitants it will be a pal- low less you are aware that when the heart is apples (not too acid.) ace, far outvying thetmental in brilliancy a little o'er burdened with care, the mind' and beauty. t)f-t- h restiveudnxiousrne In these days of canned fruits, sauces are ods for producing quiescence, is to pick up a WOMAN'S VOICE. always ready. Fill empty cans tow ft'r pen and begin writing. Not hastily, so that sweet with apples. They are nice spring: you merely give vent to your unpleasant S. L. City, March 20th, 1874. with a fewr raisins or spiced lemons. Mrs. Iticii ards: feelings by putting them down on paper-t- hus Often when reading the spirited, intelliaggrayatinginstead of correcting them; Make a rich cake of Apple Short-cakebut sour cream saleratus and enough flour to gent letters of our sifters, in your paper, I thoughtfully, carefully, in a writing roll out; bake, split open and spread on have been led to ask,-- . why do I not say manner that one could feel conscientiously, in adopting, even in the pres-- . stewed apples; sugar, butter, and nutmeg. something in behalf oHhiFI;i;ilohri)f "God and its nrincinles. through our. Worth v Ex- - ence of angels. BridgeportiGikie: OmrcupLbuttcr haA'eJiada long, h eavy wi ntcrhere,-an- d of suorar. three and one''half, of flour, two of port of every I begin to feel almost impatient for the good .woman, and, I believe, : nnd frost to currants, one of sour milk, four eggs, one will shortly be earnestly sustained by a large quit the earth, and let the Ain warm and prepare it for the labors 6f teaspoonful of soda, juice and grated rind of portion of the brethren. My husband one lemon. it one of the best papers he reads, the husbandman and the reception of seeds to and I consider him a good judge; and doubt and plants. You know I must have my Mucilage or if there is the laest R: Bother, tho following formula affords a not that many of my sisters will concede little flower-garde- n for such a thing, wherever I am. mucilage which will keep in the hottest that lam right in thus thinking. I feel it chance feel thankful now, to be where I can go I 12 troy ounces; gly- my duty to do all in my power to sustain weather: to meeting and have thc society of Saints. cerine, 8 fluid ounces; water lGJluid ounces. this enterprise, and am not afraid to say And wherever my lot may be cast, I desire that it will flourish, as will every other "Wo sometimes find our store of pickles good work, supported by tho people of God. one thing, and that i3 to live my Religion too small towards and is it This has the most noble of women at its I am glad to see your paper growing spring, rather a poor time to replenish them; but head, those who arc making bright marks i rnpro ving,and si ncerely hope i t wi con ti n ue apple pickles are about as good as any, judg. in our mid, net by carrying outtheabomi-abl- e to shed forth light both at home and abroad; ing from the way people eat them. Pare fashions and customs of the ungodly, and that it may help prove to the ignorant and halve the apples, removing the cores but the true and humble ones in the cause and benighted, that those who speak evil of -tokeep-thejn shape, of right.- - Sisters, let us all try to be useful 2ion, are bringing themseiyesunderconr ' carefully Steam them and remove to a jar. Heat ornaments in the JCingdom of God; and damnation before the Almighty Judge. God ble.ssyou always and keep you in His spiced vinegar and pour over them. let the world, and those who choose it and Lemon PicThree eggs, three lemons, its practices take the downward course, if gracious care. Affectionately, S. Iv. G. three tablespoonluls of corn starch, three cups they refuse the precious Gospel and its bless1 of sugar, one quart of boiling jwater, and n ings which are offered without money and little sajt. Wet tho starch first in cold ato- - wtihout price, to every one. What joy and haj piness we feel when we know we are -iMarie Verdin, a girl 18 years of age, is er,:thea T " Vha t" li rer t on clolhg exists "joy" p "righ lemons, cut them open and squeeze out the attracting the atten tioh of the medical facthan that which the little eirl feels ulty of Paris. She is afflicted with a strange earth, juice, peel out tho pulp and cut fine.--D- o when can she look in her mother's face and infirmity known as not use tho rind. Add the juice and pulp "nyctilope," that is, losmeet a to the sugar and starch. Beat tho eggs and tender, loving "smile, knowing that ing the faculty of sight when tho: sun Ah has she done all that was required of her a!x)ve the horizon, and regaining it in the add them last. This will make five pies during the day? She can fall asleep at night-timwith two crusts each. During tho day Stile. Verdin night and dream beautiful dreamland awake is obliged to keep her eyes closed and to Antidote for Poison. If a person swallows in the morning to begin her joyfull task wear a thick. oil. But in utter darkness any poison whatever, of has fallen into con- - again: buL should ?he forret and trifle with she can see so ,ias to read and write with per-fevulsions from having overloaded the stom- - i hermother's counsel, case. , r tsmariy children do, THE LOVE OF BEAUTY. achy an instantanedus'remedyymoreenicient of-th- ee nt . , ' . i - : while-theirteaeni- ngs -- ofhopastl to to-awa- , ken - w s. self-justifi-ed iro-nounc- es ; Gum-arabicAccordi- -- ng Gum-arabi- c, day-by-da- y. 1 1 -- -in- -good -- j ? e. ' " . - . ct '. i -- 