r. I WO MAN'S E XPON ENTi MARY SOMEBVILLE. Tlie "Personal Recollections," from early Sdraerville '13 a lifeto old ageof ?for commendation volume that txresgrves Trie what it' says aiid for'tlipnitiy-trissalname of Mrs. Somerville wa3 long ago made familiar to inany persons, as that of the au thor of several good books on unfamiliar scientific subjects her writings were, "The Jry' -- a; MdcKariJsm tioq Qf ; the rhysical bciences 47 such as would with'1 ordinary 'minds have nut an end to anvthimr like tho success Which crowned her, indefatigable t industry, She tells simply arid sadly, fcutriot "com plalri- ingly;itf the small enedURxgeraent her love of knowledge received until she was grown woman; and she.- - speaks. J n earnest. but not querulous tones, of the family. and domestic incident? and affections of her loriff life. But thesame perseverance which her to master scientific problems , ence," and a number or papers for Scientific stead, when in her ninety-secon- d year she Societies. Yet, in this account of her life, Was still able, toM read books; on thehigher ' we find tharduring the; ninety-twoyeafind of j aleb SomeUmes,,t-hsays, - liyes;5i A.manmay have 'high ability but If cho lack courtesy,' orwhat some call civil- Ity, he will not succeed in making friends and., in accipUshing .grct results like a man who . ossossestlK) quality, though hii , talents ma v; be of a i lower order It is "said pVneemirienfc'mn, the Duke of Marlbor-- . ough. that his charming manners often ' changed an enemy into a friendand that t&be? denied a favor by him was more pleas- - ( inf-thato receive one from another man mi 'iu l .i?L."-r- : in his "career. Politehess has often : made scoundrels successful, while tho best , of men by;their hardness and cold ness, have people lhwpuidlik friends. , Butr because scoundrels haVo tnis-- , used this means of making friends, it does . wo must airthrow it aside, not follow that ' ' J f i. r that it is $f4hinklwejn - -- n ' a rs ought to be made' a habit and children cannot tell of how much value courtesy or true politeness1 rnay; bo: tor them- in their future i : - : that she was not busied as other women are wun ine auties oi-- a iaaug mother.- - She lived in the midst of unsym- pathetic family ties, arid yet she mastered tne very greatest mathematical theories, along with sucfcja k oHu uivciv to oc tu iu mo fuutmiuu for if I do not succeed to-da- y, I attack them ! i ner DV w what she says of ner it not from in creill meu-oi-scieu- 1 wau wcry co , rUed energy at suchTari'agewe t&n goesswnaf fprceil mAst have had In earUer years; and yet can learn I lau-eviuun- ui a ue " 1 v uuwi L. -- itv a u ci u mo rai m vTT iwrf "nni - t n rA until ra second marriage, toair. Somerville, ili cii equal co-l-a to that she had any encouragement in her pwn j jbok gives even to those who know nothing say "they !! :tell people hatil thinkror a J them. - 'It is frequently tho case, in follow- nome, to the wonc in which she found her bf Mrs.5 Somerville ' as a scientific-write- r chiefest delight, and then she pursued it delightful- picture' of a womari whdse-lifIng thlscourse,tthey wound feelings and do: with industry and with such success that passingas it id1 for . beyond Uh6 ordinary great injury Jnthe foremost men of science ot her own snanr wai spent ;1n dbin2rg6od tof 13 It right and proper that in all our inter- - f u -- : e; - - -- andr -- -- L-'-ivi.- -..:; ? scientific and nlftftl?iirfis of domestic, life: and in the hiffh-- i did. Our deDortment towards oUr friends; literary men, Pierce, pC;ithe Coast Survey, est possible intellectual exercise. Phlladel- - should agree with purLfeelingsJlf a person commits a wronEr,(a rtrue friend. will not, Bowditch, Longfellow .and others who are phia Ledger. were no reierrea:.to. in jier reminiscences, ,wUi; CQnceii his feelings 'ITirespecting itj! 1but ' A il x " ii ii J doubt the more ready and anxious to testify ;1 uoe anu, Kinuiy mai , ieij uiOfwrqng piamiy their admiration and regard for her because hisiconduct .has been jlmproperl, .But he ,, . CIVILITY AND SINCERITY. blood was the of Washington in her veins should be sure, to . beerin with, that ho him- - , himself, ;thV,.isxnall: courte-- 1 self 4s risrht, and ,nbt ... speak' in haste and : rSShall we ;distens--10Her maiden.narae was Fairfax, aritLsheJ sies of everyday lffi:'Wave-h'eirmen f from anirer. There is a kindness of mariner I claimed a common ancestry with the' Fair flnrnftfttikt wdr; they I which one' friend 'riin Vuso to &hotherKvcn .! faxesifrom whose stock. AVashing ton: also I whuid savJiiVimt ii tHer use of askirisr al wh'on admlnistefiri? a rebuko or describiricr sprang, liut a better claim upon American man when you meet hinr how his health is, faults, that will touch and soften the feelings. affection and interest in her life and works ilor to bid him-crojmOrninff! these are unr arid riroduce ''lastinyciTectV.rEverVnerson . is found in the fact that she, who was brie of meaningJCormSvand are; frequentlyihypocrit.- should cultivate this manner, call it by what, the best exponents of what a woman could leal inquiries aboiitiWhjch v.thec person-wh- o name you f please, politeness, courtesy or was do, su ri fJ fi.v: il:;tn ardently earnest in ber.belief th a makes thetn cares nothing-"- : ciynity.JuvcniieJnstructpv .t i own:number-OurAmeric- an 1' a" 1 1 '. -- -- . , d ; ishbiildP-orinsianc- ; e 1 od , - i nities of j education; her scientific library -- views, men and women should pass through the collection owed ats best value to i the life without , paving the .least attention to ' tributes sent herjbymen of, science in - all those" cou motiier," If, they' hava secured iheonpur conntries of their Tworksw" bequeath this cah pnlv' fidehcebt their1 children--ar-id 5 "4VhQ secured by iritimacyrrieei d notear ruin bridef England- - Yet this advocate of great ;deal ofV empt fbrmality indulged Jin fyouthful V indfscretio'nu wili rievef " be Ib'ro--; women's ngntor tne nignest education, was by people or the vorld in their salutations 'fntitrtift i n FrkNil nin " Tr1tif 'Inn at 'tKri rto r ' ' . . ' tht xs' v lieiBelf steady to the last in performing every and inouirifis jis'tn'hrin iinoth fir's condition : n .i . i: mmm nf win in nn snnnnr. i w misnr inn duty as a helpmeet and wife, in making her shall we, pnrthiaccoun than,' Ira parted to the parerit; who wilt thus" ; own house the scene of. a delightful "social a i;kt AVir.;i ii altogether? Would it be well because A,Ai;' ,t life in which her husband was always7 the host and she there as his wife and the moth er of three children t With this simple nrtiii vlinff ilisfirrrnt inn Vif vff Ana" linhff uerenue 10 me custom 01 ner eany ccotcn anrceab a to the eeungs of the mostpr peo- & has beenl lost might V training, she united almost a genius for mul- - plfe to have . the ir fellows take interest in havnPnyouth;:h6; Knrl mrohti'' if .nvtor! tifanous work; for, ,besides .her scientific them and In'their welfarer and this' is ricrhti ;fuUiJt--'tV:iLi- -studies, she kept up her sketchlriET "arid mint- - and wowvr. (IIoW grateful-i- t i to- - tho feeL nig, waa pussiouuieiy Aoaa 01 ammais ana mgs or a ciiiia to nave its parents taKO' an V ' of flowers; she seems to have a regular sue- - interest 'in'ifr. arid Hoi"muchL parents are " r. U .vJ Jt " Ji.i ,.hm t n i Victoria's t cession of. pets Klocrs," birds and horses I'kincess Beatrice, Queen anu cuuiioiiiGKinu aiicuuoua pieasea'py, a of while even last days her delight in- siesQf (heir children ! ,f hese1 are the mani youngest daughter, seventeen, is girl married to Adolf Hreidricfi, tho heir spired her daughters in their search for ferns testations of1 love and 'without then!,- social andfwild flowers in their Italian homCsv1 It ihteVcDurse'Would bQ.CoJd;and.hai:d( and, in. apparent to ihe" duke . of Mecklenburg is riot; Wonderful that with such occupation many: Instances joyless. :i :It does pot cost StrelitzJ. o The fatherof tho expectant brides :n and o4many resources her life was as busy mniMii tn ft.iv ,nood- morning .Pam: how groom rules over ies3 than 1000 square miles:. . as well spent and the tranquil story of 'reril- or to. address th? ?am'e .salutation of: Territory but as ho ownsi over half the :'t rulei :almo3t absoi I iniscences is a perfect reflection of that well-- , or inquiry, t6 a mother; and they show that land balanced mind, which enabled her to carry ihe thoughts of ilia chil(. are; jippn Its par-- lutely, and has saved ri large private fortune, ri on the. nicest scientific research in the midst entsyadd; that it feels an interest in their He-- will bequeath a very pretty estate- to hls'i " . . . Lie son. should the latter survive? him; and nbiv of household caresand duties. To rqad it'is -to gain a lesson in that most iliificultet V A true geuUeman or lady is known by revolution overthrow- rtho present stater d necessary task of so adjustlpg the. duties his'or her regard for the rights arid feelings things in Germany. ?y and pleasures of life as always to be at the of others and itris no vrnarkof-- a 1 lady or besrin both, and this Was the secret alike of gerilleman'td be ' churlish; rincouthor to be the fame and of the longevity 0f Mrs. Som- indifferent In1' resrard to others feclincrs and California exempts editors from jur' ; -y r'-f erville. Ut tto their welfare' On these t6ints man v. duty; bflievincr they have trials enough of Iler life was not without its trials, and vounr People need cultivation; Folifeness their own. 1 : - " not-'Ar- t 1 1 - V . t-- . u ii.t " iu tut. . ? , ' - ' ! -- ; in-he- -- to-b- - - are-yon?-" -- ? - nis-'dominions- ,' - - ; . v-xln- -- : 4 . - - 1 iiira-TTnir-ii- .V ia-'- -r. . rj 