EXPONENT W O 31 A N S " THE "DEFEBiT 3TEWS," IE'C of manner, take ia dress, or general literary they ent out into the culture. As they ' fash"old fof being began to blame their mother - so ioned " and to lament that some of the 'money hoarded ,cto give them a start in life, ISCiTt. Immortality: That boeoDiwoiU, To rae, h.- inspiration ia it. Lovo Of life, Is Innate In the.'human eoul: 'Tia Jutcrwoven in our natures. IVas Decreed in tho grand council 6t Mho "ois, When canvajsinj? the great eternal schemo Concerninar destinies of man and earth, That mankind should inherit Jve of life; woc3 EIe, man, growri weary of a wor d of husto would And 1'cklo tidca of happiness, To mako hi3 exit, and e'en God Himself lad failed to keep enough, as instruments, : Ontarthto exceuto ilia purists. Thus death, the happy counterpoise to Jife, . . Yo?, i carefully had not been spent earlier in making home pleasant, and in cultivating : a taste for books .and .music ot Correct language at home would, by the power than all the example hare done more for them : at tedious ruieastudied . at school. Simpler fare table with" the hospitality affording more social friends g them intercourse, would have gained d and an ease of manner which "after years eou would never supply. A wiser economy of time K.iTA Uil Hm mnther oeeasionallv into the school. " ' uaib iw ' the teach-crau- d room to show a' hearty - ' "ifJl5 lanlwft$wfth-fel" - , life-lon- - - itli LiJeou3W? l or Fiisty!e4toWSiort6rroK,M monster t eFe"r";.aud wbple t at alos.ucs 'lu-'ath- - Of horrid names; to form a barrier yinpalhy trfflntar childreain-thgTr-there. Perhaps these children grew up 10 oe Christians and accomplished much; butxrthey been nobler might have filled a larger sphere, and ' . in character, with a different training. fiend, ; Should clip the brittle thread of life and rush In multitudes, into eternity "Christ came them to redcenpvlip'llifff the fear Of death, were all their lifetime subject to IU bondage." To the faithful Saints of Go Who live to do bis will, death has no sting: Tis a kiud porter to condact tis where A realm oMigfct and beauty shines arouiid A world of glorious Immortality! A World? Yes, worlds of vast immensity. And what of us? We'll bo our very f elves, Free from all Imperfections consequent Upon the curse, entailed thro' Ad ims fall: T enjoy life's sweet associations, such As parents, children, husbands, wives and friends the noblesse With Gods aud Goddessns-w- ith . bask Of all eternities, and freelr In full, bright sunbeams of intelligence, ; With legal access io its mighty fount divested of life mortality, A Yet life as roal as existence here. one-four- and baked-inhall- o a Boil a pint bcwl full of hops in two gallons of watef, strain and add a teacupful of flour,; one of brown sugar, a teaspoonfulof salt, No yeast is required to rais3itrLct"itMstand three days... in a warm place, and it will rthen, begin f ftam; Then boi three Dounds ol potatoes, mash fine and add them to the yeast, and stir the,, whole well together, then put into a jug and cork tigut ana set m a cooi piace. i euutuu wo uiauv at least two weeks before using and it will keep any length of time, and grow better all the while. A small teacupful is sumcient for six loaves of bread. When this is gone, make a new jug full in the same way, and ket'p it corked tight, and you never need go to the baker s or brewer's for yeast. Since writing the above, my wife opened a large bottle full of this yeast,-- that had been sealed and Dut in the cellar for more than a year, and the usual quantity raised her bread splcndidly.'Btf-ra- l New Yorker. The Scientific; American predicts that the Another. manutime will soon come when ice will-bfactured in all our great cities at a dollar a " ;;' ' - ton. r A spanieu named curly is the regular tnaii carrier between" Lake of Tho Woods, Dakota, and . the Minnesota line, twelve miles away. ;" The mercantile navies of the world comprise 61,120 vessels, and a total tonage of 18, 514,029. Of these Great Britain has 3,0G1 steamers and 20,832 sailing vessels; the United States coming next, with 403 steamers and G,78G sailing vessels. In the population of nations, China ranks first, with 425,213,152; the British Empire second, with 199,817,000; and Russia-thirwith 82,172,022. In density of population Belgium' stands first, with 451 per square " : is next, with 389. 7 Salt and 3Iilk Rising Bread. Take lialf a tea- - mile ; England spoonful of salt to a pint of warm water and stir Commodore Vanderbuilt has donated an in flour enough to make a thick Hatter. The dish additional $100,000 to the university bearused which with the simoon should be thoroughly ing his name at Nashville, Tenn., to be used cleansed and scalded, should be a little more than as a building fund, in order that the univerfull, and s?t in a warm place until the sity buildings may bo completed in accordbatter rises so'as to fill it. The most common ance with the plans and specifications hereway is to put the rising ia warm water and set it tofore approveby him. ... beines, organized with attt ibutcs Liko HLs tho germ of an eternaUifo. Crown of all wisdom, sum of good to man, Rjhcme of the God's, redemption's glorlovs'plan; . This, through t ho resurrection's powe r combines Immortal bodies and immortal minds. E. If. Snow. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Good Hints for Mothers. Affection often fails to attain the best ends, through unwise direction. There was one known as a "devoted mother" untiring, patient, faithful, and wishing to do her duty. But she fails J to soo that "many ; women -- are admirable house keepers, but not ." When her children were quite small, shs was, diligently caring fo? their bodily needs, and forgot the "demands to t3 mHi by and throngh "the many sidedness" of the immortal hatur. She neglected for- - the wan t - f - the necessary society;- - "and-sty- j-t stimulus, grew careless in dross, .manners, and she said, no time to spare, she speech; .Having, as books and gave up papers, until she had little own Iiome-worlkno'wledge of anything outside h-which she was imconc:ou?!r making pitiHer fully narrow. What was the concqunic:-with no family grew up irny natural gifts; home-makers- h-.- r r d; - three-quarte- rs thick. a ? and put in a warm place to you have a thick batter as thick as posrisp. When light and puffy stir sible with a spoon; then mixwith the hands mtd to. half fill kneadable, cutoff in loaves of a size knead thoroughly, shape to, and your baking tins, m a warBi Hpace Jo put in your tins ami again yul doubled- in size . put rise. When the loaves have one-ha- lf in a moderately heated oven and bake from cf an hour according to the to size of the; loaves, and you will have bread as moist spongy and eatable as fermented bread can be. Bread of unbolted flour can be made in the same way, but is better stirred to a stiff batter and baked'in deep dishes instead of being kneaded -- l-e-en There's nothinar short of Immortality, Can satisfy tho earnest cravings of That spark of pure divinity, which God Implanted, as tho flno, constituent part Of - th I I alm- -I live for Immortally, ; Life, knowledare, blhs, without one storiini: point. A thought that I should ever cease to be, Would paraljzo all other, thought; would chill Tho brightest beams of joj, aud would crush out r Each holy aspiration of tho heart . Eradicate that precious organ, hope f cool the scalded flour so that it will not scald the until : and stir vigorously rising- - put- in the rising , I've had a taste of mortal suffering: ' I've seen my fellows drins its cup flll'd to The brim and running o'er, until the pulse Of life was clogg'd iu every wheel-un- iil Nature's deep agonies out wcigh'd tho love Of life, and yet the throbbing pulse beat on. Hut, thanks to God, thero is an end decreed To liuman sorrcy pain and iniscrjv;; enterprize, and dry up all ; : -- Embargo " The tributary streams of HppTnCEs7 - .r- one half a teacurr of new milk is added to the risall water. ing for the former and is preferable to Ai you value good bread and1 good liealth, never useless put ginger, saleratus. or any, of the, other handful Eecipc for making good yeast. Boil a things that some people deem necessarj', in your ' potatoes, pared in sponge or risim:. ofhops and eight good-size- d one gallon of water. The hops should be tied V are done the When in potatoes a rag. loosely mash'them thoroughly or grate them, first pouring FACTS AMD FIGUIIE.S. the vessel. Pour another liquor tmnnr into th over the potatoes again when mashed, adding one-ha- lf The ten hour, bill for manufactories has Let salt. of and cup of sugar cup Senate. Use passed the Massachusetts it. hnil a minute but stir to prevent sticking. Two liundredancl nine wild ducks in one no flour, as it is more liable to sour when flour is used Pour off into an earthen vessel to cool, and day, is tho boast of an Illinois sportsman. yeast. In when nearly cold add one cup of good m The "Tichborne" number of the London !! will his tor it use; hours few yeast is ready a Graphic reached a sale of 200,000 copies. sweet one month in the hottest weather, if first in tho list of Pennsylvania stands covered closely and placed in a cool cellar, and it Ohio secondy and Illimakes splendid bread if properly managed. Bread cqaX producing states, : :r should not be salted where this yeast is used. If nois third. made inA Itovial. party of five Indian skeletons prefered, this yeast or part of it, maybe to cakes and dried which will last six months in one grave round a succotash ketsitting once as often tle has been disinterred at Niantic, Conn. though it is better to make fresh as meal until fresh corn ia three months by adding Coat, has been struck at Princeton, Ind., into a smooth Work a s'iff dough is obtained. inch at a depth of 200 feet. Underneath the roll aud slice with a knife into cakes one-ha- lf einsatratum-ofeflreclay-rseve- n" feet; thick." Dry in the open air butshaded fr6mth.tr Orfear,)e3tman,th" . , Waco IMMORTALITY. i BOM y- ...... e .. " i . -- d, 1 two-thir- ds . where it will keep at quite a warm temperature; but some use cloth or paper to exclude the cool air instead of placing in water. The- the rismg will sulilcicntly ferment is usually from five to seven hours, according to the degree of the kind of flour used. When "light warmth tike a quantity of flour corresponding to the amormt ci' bread desired and 'stir in ' scaldin'inot then add boiling) water enough to scrald cold wut?r (or milk., which is better,)" enough to time-inwhi- ch a-i- d orle-thirt- l, Suez Canal. vessels passed through th - Su ez - Canal - i n - March. Th e . folio wing statement shows the increase in the receipts compared with former years. In March, 1872, tho tonage was 110,253 tons; receipts, l,333,434f.. In March, 1873, 202,495 tons; e"- 120 . receipts,- 2,24G,278f.. In. March,' 1874, 229, 000 tons; receipts, 2,5OG,O00f, derived from - transit dues only -- : ." 