DOCTOH CROCKWKLL. issue or Paul, who helped to print the first1837...... the "Patriot,'! at Fort Madison- in " Has tad nearly 40 years experience in the treatment L is The "Orchard and vineyardtheir complaints a speciality. lie female welcome we new which, a us to and paper, tees sSe, easy and speedy relief In perilous case, "N. .n n .... A loloMfl e n ilrLsion which has been rendered n a au flrn on rv v irn - - lllilllll loianuir 'v without the unpleasant and dangerous use of instruments, vvv ixj L : braska. by Chief Justice McKoan, and reviewed by V hut wih simple herbs. so with bliss, Burrounds thft Sunrcme Court of the United States, IIH remedies fill the ntptial couch jV Scientific. and prevents their untimely adthis at is with The reversed...... joyousones heart been the has city far, season favored with many pleasure seeking 10 years is the opinion of Sir William .It to hi? numerous patrons for the last refers Ile ... of the woria. different from parts visitors that the needles of mariner's compasses iSidence a HftlA hov had the misfortune to stumble too large, and that near the street cir track, 9th Ward, Fourth are far use in general : this office, across the street car track near as t East St., Salt Lake City. Jong be should thev only . thn nfhAr dav. and sdUI some yeast which as or uatesneau, ..Mr. Newall are....... thev he was carrying; of which a gentleman, be England, is said to have the most perfect made the-relH. K. PAINTER, M. D. worid; Jallhe TtGlescbpe most M powerful vant remark that the yeast' couldn't bevcry and ELECTRIC PHYSICIAN. theameter-4-thxi-ed-glas-s to 'strong' ail Fci id if fr appear riseCannon five inch es ... .. A lake recently discovered Electricity administered when cases requre.: one and a Ual Among other distinguished tourists, Office, East side of Second East Street, i n Turkestan, called Lake Issykul, which . Kingsley, thonoted rEnghsh: lecturer: and appears to have unknown a cen- blocks south of Theatre. Salt Lake City. eenguite visited' divine, thiscity.Dr. and a half ago, is said to have Jniildinp of H. thu Barker, city, recently per tury Mary : H. BARKER M. D. , from the surface, at its bottom, and formed a very nice operation upon the eye visible evidence of former existence of vilof MrMaron West of;Ogden. The opera- there is Office opposite Old Co nstitutun Building Main the In site. lake on the present . tion which was for the formation of an arti- lages Street Office hours 10 a. m, to 3 p. m. Massachusetts of the annual eleventh report ficial pupil, was successfully executed, and College, one of subjects treated without accident, Mr. West, who has been Agricultural amount of pressure in the sap . , blind for about eight years, will be able to upon is the nressure recoraea jRS. CARPENTER, nf ninnts;J The highest o distinguish objects quite distinctly. and Surgeon, wasf" in tho case of black birches. SPLINTERS. 11 - O " ' - one-fourteen- th . ina wlthess-othescen- 1 a j- 1 e- e,- . has-late- ly , ' Physician : ' . ; ; k FOEEIQN. Office at the Townsend Hou3e. Room No. 60 Artistic. Tho Pope is ill...... On the occasion of the Colleere of Arts and Sciences of the birthday of Queen Victoria, the bank of The II. DINWOODEY of Kentucky, has lately England and London Stock Exchange were Central University closed .. . . . .It is estimated that France ex- enstalled Dr. Joseph LeConte as President Has removed his Furniture from Main St, to his three Exhibition or lec storey Brick Store on ports to England one and one half millions ......At the last Autumn ana Museum oi Free at tures the Library of eggs per day.... .. In Anatolia, Asia Minor, COKSEB, BLOCK WEST OF SOTTTH ST., the famine continues to rage, many haying Liverpool, England, 1,057 works were ex FIRST , "Where lie is prepared to do a starved to death..... ...England decides to hibited, of which 271 were sold at an aggre,t a John sum about of Pye, WTnOLESALE AS WELL AS A UETAIL BUSINESS. 7,402...... erect her several dependencies on the Gold gate Coast into a colony to be presided over by a veteran English landscape engraver, laieiy considered one governor... ...The Roman Catholic Church, died in London...... Ivory is " it is reported, is now persecuted in nearly of the finest materials for artistic skill now HWALUCE in the contribution The Hebrew known...... ;: , all the countries of Europe. 17: IZ Ilas'tie best, large t attd"pure8t: stock of conicc the Centennial Celebration United States,-tT .? Personal. of American Independence is proposed to tionarj in Salt Lake citj. Just the place for laSies The Crown Prince of Holland, it is report- be a statue of some kind which the sculptor. to purchase. to execute.. k Ezekiel will be commissioned ed, will marry the Princess Thyra, of Thomas and Oswell Livingstone, Great improvements, it is considered, have sons of the lato JDr. Livingstone, have been been made in Scotland of late, m the de CLUB BATES. orna of and personal manufacturing to the Queen by Sir BartIe Frere signs presented be wanting on the part ......The Grand Duke Nicholas Constantino ments.... ..An English writer says the hne Determined that nothing-nhal- l heads tho Russian Expedition to explore manners of the Latin people seem to be the of the Publishers, to Increase the circulation of the ..has ExrosEXTftnd?ald; la promoting the objccta.caatcmt.. the Valley of Amon Daria, fir Central Asia ast - legacy -- of - a - classic - natu an expoplated la its publication, bj Waking it trulj ......England receives a special Grant Nel- come down to modernism. nent of the views of the women of Utah,5 sustained by ' lie from America. b.... Prince Ferdinand of General. them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a Saxony Is to marry the Princess Louise of expression of their thoughts, wc offer A Concord boy poured the contents of a widely circulated England in August;..;.. Marshal MacMahon, to clubs for the'prcscntTOl-ume- : the present ruler of the French Government, bottle on his leg for, sport; the fluid was vit- the following liberal terms : r- has received a decoration of the highest riol and the little fellow was so badly burned copy to the getter up of class from tho King of Denmark.. ....Mrs. as to be crippled for life... ...A bill for an . 13 00 ..:..r. ':.:: club.: Charlotte B. Wilbour, President oftheNew amendment to the'Constitution, striking out 15 copies, I year, with a copy to the getter np of York Sorosis, has gone to Europe. .....The the word male, was lost in the Massachusetts ,20 00 the club, ..f.';lV; ';; ihe to S. a wife of General Sides is mentioned as the Senate, but the Chairman, Hon. Henry 30 copies, 1 year, with copy jfetter up;of. the dun, anu iramea eieei eneraTing i x io most beautiful woman in Paris......... Mark Washburn made a grand speech in favor or inches, of rresident Brigham' Young, selling Twain approves of the woman's crusade. has of New-Yo- rk84 00 :" the: "price. y SO for the.compul-sorof a which bill to the getter np provides passed copies, 1 year, with a copy he club, and a superior first proof steel eneducation of children.... ..The Digger graving of President Brigham Young,- hand"The Crusader," published by the women Indians, it is said, scorn to be grave diggers, c : t 43 00 somely framed; selling price 54 ancrusaders in fsew Tortc, promises to advo- and burn their dead. .....Paris papers time, and additions Clubs can be commenced'at cate every reform calculated to make people nounce that Madame Bazine is how actually can be made after the first list ofanynames has ibeen sent. wiser, better, healthier andthappier. It wil installed in prison with herhusband......The Getters up of clubs ihould notify ns of their intentions need a world of wisdom, not to make mis British Government furnishes free passage so that we can credit them with all names sent In, J takes In Judging of right and wrong......One to emigrants to New Zealand, where wages In all cases give the na'nM and residence of 4Ach of the oddest "typographical errors" we are high and living expenses low. i plainly and correctly written, with the time have lately noticed was that in which a con when each subscription Is to commericeand whether for a whole or half year. temporary in speaking of a man whom i Wished to designate as being "well favored,' An Aberdeen minister who was catechls-Ing.hl- s Money can be remitted by registered letter at the risk . .' . was made to represent him as being- "wel the con- of the publishers. youngparlshonera,bcforo. one from address cKaged flavored".... ..Kate Field.tho well known lit gregation, put the usual question to a stout Subscribers defiirlDg'the era ry lady, is said to bo studying for the girl whose father Post Office to another should send pi thelf former, as kept a public house, well as their new address. crescent city, Cal. editor, claims What is your name?'' No reply. The stage "We that accnts and ladles thToughout the Territo publish the most westerly paper in the question hope rehaving ben Tepeated,.the girl s Presidents and Ofiecr of Pllef United States, as hp, says the water of tho plied, 'Nane o your fun, Mr. Minister, ye tory, especially will aid ns by getting up clubs, by bringing the paciflc Ocean at high tide, reaches within ken my name well enough. D'ye no say to the notice pf non subscribcraand ten feet of his office door.. .The oldest when yo come to our house on a nieht. Bct. otherwisefavorably ruing their: influence to increase Us circulanewspaper man in Iowa is Hon. George j mo some ale?' " ' CO-O- P. ' ; r o ' Ben-mar- ro-whi- ca ' . . ---- lOcopicf-.lyearwlth- --- a LV';,.L'.-- U:-;- iL-vth- . . bilUi.-.-.The-Senat- e ' $2-5-0 , i -- , , tub-scrib- ci, . : - , ' a Socle-Ue- Ex-pos- bring tion and usefulness. mt "I 