W.OMAN'S EXPONENT. 192 :bns and his wife. . DJC ; DOCTOH PEN AND SCISSORS. 4 The 'Jiisipry of Charles' Dickens' marriage Some people have their thinking, like is simple enough. He was at that time earn- their washing, done out. 77: 7 In cr about thirty shillings1 a week, and met At the iaviner of the corner stone of the a r3ckensj jhen new capitol of Iowa no speeches were made except a few brief and pointed remarks by a e but ery common-placEnglish girl; workman who got his fingers pinched. one of those - women Ithe height' of whose ambitiotf is a large family,' afjittlc cottage, a Those who are continually wanting the moon-facedfair-haire- eyen-tempeYo- d, round-waisted- ,- d, newdrels,---- big-b- vvnd o good-nature- d; mostarDjikelytoprenJnyestIgation, -- anerry-hristv mas. She was an honest, virtuous, simple-minde- to be those who are wasteful and careless slightly romantic, woman, whose with what they possess. CROCK WELL. , Has bad nearly 40 years experience In the treatment of fehiale diseases, making their complaints a speciality. He cases guarantees safe, easy and speedy relief in perilous use of instruments', without the unpleasant and dangerous '.'T':but wilh simple herbs. surrounds with couch blls$, fill the remedies nuptial Tills the heart with joyous ones and prevents their untimely ad' .. vent. 10 tho last for years He refers to hi3 numerous patrons : - in Utah. 8th Ward, Fourth Residence near the streetcar track, ' I Lake City. East St., Salt d, JiearLimsIii " at thiilime7waTar'young man of .very, RS. H1kltIxfleoeiablet7aresIionable: ner- II. K. PAINTER, M. D. ELECTRIC rHYSIClAN. are The Western in guests Pennsylvania. vous temperament, with u nbounded self IIX. Electricity administered when cases requre. . in to clothing, patched compelled 'appear esteem, and would have made a good hu and the refreshments consistOf-mush-milOffice, East side of Second East Street; one and anal bandJiadJiavnotJbeen successful! It was and blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake City. " potatoes. after the birth' of their second child that Dickens began to realize the J toportance of -- A Happy Custom. In Switzerland there doing something to add to hifpot au TauJl is a law which compels every newly mar- JJARY H. BARKER M. D., He himself has often described yith what ried couple to plant six trees immediately uunaing, ..nam fear and trembling- - haying a wife and two after the ceremonypind two on the birth of Office - opposite Old Uo nstituticn. Office hours 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. crying babes to provide for at home, and an every child. They are planted on the com- Street. unlimited 'number of small creditors watch mon and near tho road , and being mostly he approached the great, big, fruit trees are both useful and ornamental. ing hlmr-hoJJRS. CARPENTER, yawning editor's box of Chapman & Hall, The number planted amounts to 10,000 and threw Jn his first two chapters of , V Physician and Surgeon, "Sketches by Boz." How astonished he was A wondereul discovery has been made Office at the Townsend Hou3e, Koom No. 50 a few days after to see an advertisement re lime-pitquesting Boz" to call on the editor, and at Corralville, Iowa. In the with what joy and trembling he returned while making a drill hole for a blast, the home and told his wife that he had been of-- tool struck something hard. It proved to II. DINWOODEY - fered X2'0 a chapter for his "Sketches." The be a bronze shield,similar to those found in era of ftickens "Sketches" constituted , the the Island of Silt and Denmark. Although Has removed his Furniture from Main St. to his three storey Brick 8tore on happiest . days of Mrs. Charles Dickens. mucji corroded, marks of blows can beeenOften has .the writer heard how Dickens on it, and some remains of zigzag metalcorner, fiest sotrrn ST., K block west or dance work. would' tfail them to his wife-an- d wildly atptirid the roomir:Withithe close Of There are dangers ahead of us. We Where he is prepared to do a the "Sfetcl)e?Tbean Mrs. Dickens troubles. should be maniacs, rather than to patriots." To beuVdefstanxTthe gradual change in think so well of our country as to suppose it Charlp: Dickens' treatment' of his wife, it is incapable of taking harm. We are threat WIIOLESALE AS WELL AS ATI ETATITBTJSINESST"necessayto-ailyzethcharacter and train- ened by dangers from the increase of crimi ing oft f nals; from the. enlargement of the pauper T'Qiij t ry" t li o wc ra eiOe y class, gI r 5 of political sense and rom the adapttliemselves to their positions in life. and political virtue decay us. True wisdom H. WALLACE among In fact,' in this Country the woman generally consists in Has the best, large t and purest stock of con fec- frankly admitting these dangers, rises Superior to the man. Not so, however, and in4ionestly searching for the best means j ' with'ihD dullpgood-natured- ) tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies loving English of counteracting them. -- to purcb as e. narO whose a in are ne cause circle views raxce. of e Cause of intem p brought up row and whose education is extremely lim- the commonness of intemperance in the ited, i tTho monotony of her existence is present state of 'things, is the heavy burden NEW CLUB RATES. only broken by her regular attendance at of care and toil which is laid on a mul large "churchimd the counting Jof the household Determined that nothing shall be wanting on thi linen on wash-daIf she goes to the Crys- titude of men, Multitudes to earn subsist- part of tho Publisher!, to increase the circulation of tal Palace she will stare vaguely at the ence for themselves and their families, are the ExrouiNT and aid in promoting the objects conand make quaint remarks when compelled to undergo a degree of labor its publication, by making it truly an templated in brought in contact with a "chief jd ceuvre.,? exponent of the views of the women p( Utah, susHer eyes will only sparkle as she sits in the exhausting to the spirits and injurious to tained them, read by them, and its columns Her circle of acquaint- the health; of consequence, relief is sought enrichedbywith a widely circulated fcuffetjOr dining-rooexpression of their ances will be among her own class, and that in stimulants. We do not find that civili thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, eo as class of society, like herself sees no beauty zation lightens man's toils; as yet it has in to prepare for increasing the value and importance of in art, nor can appreciate true genius. This creased them, and in this effect I see a sign the paper with, the beginning of the next volume, defect in what we call the progress which a Is the character of Mrs. Dickens a truly larger subscription list will enable us to do? of cannot be the the of It design So woman. society. loving, motherly 19 copicsri year, with a copy to the getter as Charles Dickens had to buffet against Creator that the whole of life should be up of the club J18 00 long of for animal tho in supply drudgery adversity, so long was he contented with spent 1 year, with a copy to the getter is very imperfect 15 copies. wants. civilization That Dick soon as Charles his little wife. But as 26 00 of club the up ens began to le courted; as soon as he found in which ihe mass of men can redeem no 20 copies, wilh a copy to the getter 1jear, tho club a framed steel engravof ho was on the road to immortality and for time for intellectual, moral, and social culand up to witness is the ture. of President Brigham It 12xlfHnehes, melancholy ing, deg tune; as soon as he began to mix in society, 34 00 price, ?2 60 and realized the extraordinary fascination radation of multitudes to the condition of 30Young, aclliag with a copy to tho getter copies, i year, of mixing among the .upper ten, then beasts of burden. Exhausting toils .unfit up of the club, and a superior firft. proof, Charles Dickens,' for the first time, looked tho mind to resist temptation. The. man Heel engraving of President Brigham You jg, handsomely framed, selling" down upon his little wife, who could not do spent with labour, and cutoff by his con. 4a oo pleasures is compelled to price $4 justice to the name of her husband. There dition from highersolace in sensual excess. - Clubs can bo commenced at any time; and addiseek a deceitful is no mystery attached to the separation. can be made after the first list of names has One thing seems plain, that there is no ten- tions "Cor. New York Herald." been sent. dency in our present institutions and habits Maney can be remitted by reristcred letter at the to bring relief. On the contrary the, poor risk of the publishers. The Seat of War. A correspondent seem to bo more and more oppressed with We hore ladies throughout the Territorv. esnecial- asks if the seat of war is cushioned. If it iucessent toil, exhausting forethought, anx- ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Societies' will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will con is not it ought to be; for it is not a very soft ious struggles, feverish ccnnpetitions.-D- r. stitute themselves aeents for the extension of the seat at any time. Channing. , circulation ef the Exrosxsr. -- k ' w an-nuall- y. . : --- .. 7:7 : -- . s, co-o- p. e Heo-calledicammon-p- I-- v 111 lac 11 1 Z, -- y. Cor-regg- io ; ; m. of-dee- p good-nature- d, , . - A! 