I 11 I I 1 1 JT . aw y SALT XiAKE CITY, UTAH, Vol," 3. EDITOBIAL NOTES. any difference between been her faulty J theiu-it-must-ha- July m the women in the So No. 4. 15, 1874. com-muni- ty livered higmemorial bratibnon Senator Sumner before the ;tote auliiotitiesfIassa : A new submarine cablefor ; ,..i htJ said, lor Jones was always so easy chusetts. between England and America,' is com- and Be Henry W; Hale has And. . after the lapse of years, if The wife of the pleted. The Great Eastern is to commence with her husband the Entire course i n taken i , month.: it she where the you pass laying during.this village through the Baptist Theological Seminary, at ; for and his support, day you wrought night The Pope In early youth joined the Free and received ;the usualrdegree- the sympathy Masons. v Charges were.prelerfea against pBlIJmoLlo of Ins female friends If the circumstances him in 4J65 jwhich. he.declined meeting and, institution. Both are under appointment as is bL3Is.fJqnQ3, departure ,refereto,;.:ypu ra recently, he was "expelled 'from" the Order Will hear, as other strangers have heard be- m issioharies.'r of the Grand Lodge of Italy. Victor Emanu- fore you, that "it could not have been" his Miss Mary E. Woodman, formerly of East el, as grand master of the Orient of Italy fault; he was too. ald j' that Concord, about a year since went: to Liver . signed the order of expulsion. though his wife had seemed good enough, pool with an uncle who is a sea captain, and she must have had a furious temper; and from Felons are of so i common occurrence, she saiiedr tphce to had.no blame. that wo deem the following clipping wor- was, they doubt, entirely acquaintances, to Oporto, Portugal, where ot woman in Lapeer, M ich., she opened a select school and gave Instruc thy jioticeT; took her husband's knife a fe W days ago to tion in Entrlishr French and ?music- Her a felon ; shortly after her husband used school is now very successful, and is patronTHE SEX. open the knife :to extract a sliver from his hand. ized by some of :thfirstamilic5iriPporto. ana inoculated himself with the virus of Mrs. Harriet A. Tracy, is President : of Her success shows what a brave young girl the felon: his band began to swell, and in the Temperance Union of Langsing, Michi- - can do when she goes to work in earnest four hours he was a raving maniac, and in . Mrs. Lizzie Waters, Wife of ! Dr.; Waters : less than mrty-eighours !he'died. ' Dr. Lenora Foster, of Otsego; was one of of Terre Haute, Ihd., is paid to, bo an artist MTti Uristow, the new Secretary of the the delegates to the American Medical As of unusual talent and promise. For the ' past two years she has neglected the easel, Treasury commenced his duties with adili- - sociation in session at Detroit. 1' gence and thoroughness that at once created and devoted her time and attention mainly Mrs. sister of Noel Sir has Baton, Hill, to the languages. She has,, however, para prestige in his favor. :: And now it is said to a furnished the for statue is that " of design him that he not only positively, refuses be "erected in honor of Dr. tially completed a piece entitled "The RifLivingstone. ted Kock." for a society in New York, the all presents but also declines to resort to the old ruse of allowing his wife, to accept them. Miss Sarah, McGoIdrick pf Detroit. Mich., contract price lofi which iss $500. It gives This : we think is a. noble course if consis has been confirmed by the Board of Eduea- - promise of rare beauty, and is entirely or- - ' k'" v -Y rierinal. .. .r ;. V' tently pursued, but will not be very likely tion as Assistant Secretary of that body. iu uiuvei:oniagiou3,as ;ine seai oiuovern-4- fT glimpse of thMoMestiC life WlFpr Pnnlr n. sftor nf ih i ; HFE-LI- E mentv late Hon. Robert Walker, is translating the UI awuiuriie aim jijswuo, is given iunar- wiucu &uya iuaiairi AN EASY, FELLOW. works of Krasinski, . the great Polish poet ei s removai iromtine oaiem ' cusiom hotise, mrs. aran niuder oi Livermore. Me.. and he didnU see exactly1 where future 'din-herone nunarea ana nave De one wno win oiu in inree years in my mma's eye i priaes were to come from. hl wife .wro'teto himself i upon the . aboye: appellation, and October next, and is probably the oldest per-- u ineuu. one saiu mar sne niei nis anxious wno inais:es iia point 10 iavor every one ior sou m me pcaie. face and words by telling him tliat she had save'difromyhis earnings enough tc keep ' t life he Sandwich ture;Atdifferentr.periodsx)f-Iii- s them in bread a iewweeks, and lslahdribr:4 yekrsTliavihg has, engaged in almost; every avocation that thither in so was 1830, died there recently, G8 years glad that ho could now write- his ro-can beraentipried.' and each time has6 made of d would have a fire kindled im . age. L;!V;':.:'';..;: a signal failure simply because he was so mediately in the study. Then 'she asked , The Polish Princess Czartoryska has her ;; "easy.1 . ,; friend what she could do to keep up the Experience having, taught him that his make over the .whole of her immense for household supplies when the bread arid rice reputation fbrf amiability Jias secured' him tune and vast landed possessions'1 to a Ro were gone Tnia rrienu , ner most atrectlon- against public censure, his reverses have man Catholic convent at Poseiv. ate counselor ' through life, knowing Mrs. had no serious effect uponhim, but his wife, Mrs. Lidia Blankinship, of Marion Mass., HawthornVs taste and skilltin&rtlsucrfrested poor woman, nas Deen tne martyr. on luonuay, ar ine extreme age oi one that she slibuhl mdke lamp-shadin lovely In the frequent intervals of idleness that uieu Ami vears. hundred nnfl month pWVdn forms, decorated with figures frohiFlaxman, were the natural rults of chan -imhefbeautimi'penciling SKo3jmp6d: i J Health ana attended church. herself constantly with1 this1 work until , .... f j w ' ujuiitv iierseii eiiuai me, occasion oy supXiawtliprnefirst:1,f Gorbinf Evanstown, Iil., re book' the lamilv; sometimes bv sewinW MR ; porting 'was published the Scarllt Letterl" sometimes by teaching, arid occasionally by cently read a paper on Enlightened Mother- - the estimate of Mrs.riIIawhorhes mental . ... -. . ii, lit; vv : iiTiiLiiiii. xiiirNii v....uVn -- knevv uuiji uut3iui' ajl efforts on her'baft werer accented rbv her omt only one half, she said, reach the age powers was. very high by those who h(jr besjt; The 'one? to whpni t he Easy Chair husband as isir,matter ot course, and I?18 yeara is so much' ; indebted for the j udgement 'of Miss Sophia Flora Heilborn, well .known the truest intimacy says tnat4 the ueiguuurs muuigeu in an occasional sneer wife was at the expense of Jones, it was always modi- - fo alfEdropcari readers as an ' a accomplished riot, as. has been said, on different intel T 7 r ' ii4Uiamuu mu9Kiaut purusea .. lectual plane; from thp' husband, "although j an easy, gooa- - country with her family, and visiungrinis ;vyu, wen, yuues-is'sucwill arrive their mental idiosyhcracies1 were singularly .imtured fellow he can't get alotig; , here'early in ::July.union only the contrasted, making the equal :: 1 ' l? '' ' more beautiful. Victoria to refused receive Queex lately ting labor,1 with her; past Struggles folded at a n lady who, having Toom' "drawing away m ner memory anotne-- future black been divorced from her: first , husband, still -and cheerles3 'before her. with . the i truth Cruelty to dumb animals is one of the forced upon her that she could not love the living, has married again; and: this though distinguishing vices of the basest of the peo , uwn oiHj uau ceuseu 10 respeci, sne quieiiy her introducer was a duchess. ple. Wherever s found, it is a certain.. took her children and sought the paternal Louise Miss Clara Kellog, '"Miss Ad clad e mark of ignorance and meanness; an intrin roof. j 'iUiH t. I.:'..-.- r ; .:; .. Phillips, and the Templo Quartette, of Bos sic mark, which all tho external advantages i Then what a cry went up! - W"hat a howl ton, furnished the musical part of the exer of wealth, splendor arid nqbitity j cannot ob of persecution followed her! "If 'there' was cises when Mr George William Curtis de- - literate, ; . j r.y,... j V '. .. good-nature- d to-da- - y, ; New-ton-Ma- '.- ss - , ; , - good-nature- ; - ht ; : . K ; " 'X. Mhi rsaunu GOOD-MATURE- D . . s1 and-ricef- br - -- t.:::l.'....-.::..r.:.- f ; , " ? r? -- : es ifiyt ' ' i : " . i if-th- e -- -- n - I - . . , -- 4 it-i- , - ; 