170 JUN'S e xponent. THAT BILL. 127. tasted the sweets of liberty wo wero to pe remanded to the level of idiots and felons. And by the provisions of this most un're publican bill we are to be subjected to the old common law which gives all a wife's in herited property, earningsrchildren, person, all but life itself to her husband's absolute control; IhusJnjilLsaye that one' reservation, setting: hereon alevel witlrxl omestic ani- mals. What have we. done to merituch overwhelming kindness asthis? But, as I said in the beginning,! am only surprised and indignant at the effort being made not alarmed about theresultr wepoor Minor Children of the Union have too many friends among those who have attained to their majority, and Woman Suffrage and speech; setwiser examples; bo pure" hi thoughts, words and deeds. There is a great work devolving on each one of- us; t h o Latter-day Dispensation has been ushered in, therefore let lis work while it is day, for it will tako all our energies combined in the right source, to prepare us for what President lleber C. Kimball termed "vessels of honor." My prayer is - that - your influence may be felt at home and abroad; the gentle chiding of a sister or a lady friend has many times had great effect with the opposite sex; therefore Improve every talent given you, that you may become true women in every sense of the word. Jank 8: ('olkmax The perusal of the new Frelinghuysen Bill has filled mo with indignation; and being, for the present at least,an American Citizen, I take the liberty to cxxiress iny opinion oil .; the subject. First, I would like to know.how any man dares to call himself a son and citizen of this liberal Republic while advocating such arbitrary measures. Not content, It seems with" trammeling' the free action of tho Ter ritorial Legislature, he : would even enslave the future State by having it enacted by Congress that "no laws shall hereafter, be : .: .': 1 Smitiifield: passed conflicting with the provisions of this , uiLILlMJLAct, at least, in the code of tho future State must remain umMita laws of thaMedes and Persians! rThen, this f equlugJn, Mlss3ATErxNE yrrafton thc aulhor ofj? fri en dst--l or such -- measures 4o i be counten Sovereign Slave, Dcseret, may fold her arms anced. God speed the day when not only novel 'ftowHnnln and contend we, but all women may enjoy franchiso and the daughter of Rev. Mark Trafton; a Methpdist clergyman of Boston. gress of Sister States in this direction until al Hi i ndred pri vileges unqu estioned. lost to her view, and sheeft alone in her D. L. D. chains. HUMOROUS. II dw pure and exalted is the friendship, -- how tender WORDS OF ENCOURAGEMENTand Winning the sympathy A "chest protector." A good padlock, which this bill holds out to a large class of d A few" words to my young sisters those "women in this virtuous and The most stead fast followers of ou r forto Presi who have forth, according stepped, Territory! tunes. Our creditors. If they will repudiate the honorable name dent Young's couhsel,and formed themselves ' When you have reached your bottom dol of wife.and, by their own admissions, stamp in associations, to instruct the mind and their children as illegitimate, they may learn wisdom. It is a position dear young lar, let it alone. have a suitable proportion of their hus- ladies, that vou will never repent having are clergymen like brakeman ? Why faith band's property ! How magnanimous the taken By, honoring it, you will gain Because they do a good deal of coupling. the of, in God. it will erive you a knowledge offer! how charming the prospect!! ' A Detroit picture dealer says the hard Does Mr. Frelinghuysen, or any person of principles of the gospel, which is essential he has had to do is to franie excuscp. sound mind, for one moment imagine that above all other knowledge. Wo are prom est work there is money enough even represented by ised, throughobedience to the hrst princi-nle- s Spiner thinks some of the fashionable wi of the trosnel. our former sins shall be church singing is done upon the high-dr- a the National Debt to buy from one of Utah's i d daughters her children's birth- rem itted by confi rmation, orihe lay ngron le principle. , , the gift of the right? her own proud sense of honor? or her of hands,that we shall receive "Are oysters healthv ?" asked an old steadfast faith that she is walking in the Holy Ghost, which will witness to us by tne lady of her physician. "I never heard any work is true and of that the latter-da- y straight and narrow way which leads to life spirit of them complain of being unwell," Was the God- - These are crreat promises. I have been her he fear report I by judges everlasting? 'u.:r7T- ; v reply. of a in to many led great hearing marvel, and riot from personal acquaintance. say Judge Hoar once said df ii Iawycrr'He Then,' again can ahyvunprejud iced person theouth, growing at first he call it just that we be deprived of our fran- that they believed the gospel to be true but has reached the superlative life; to chise at the whim of interested or disinter- could not say that they knew it to be so. sought to get on,noand then he sought get is trying to gei noncsi. ested politicians who make not even a pre- This has caused me to think "there is a lack honor ana now tense of showing a reason for it? And that somewhere." When I embraced the gospel,1 An editor wrote: "We have received a at that ear basket of strawberries from Mr. Smith , for top, not only for a season, with the hope of I was in my thirteenth year, and was that which he will receive our compliments, some regaining, at some future day,the great loss, ly age I received a testimony ' rewell trne. I was it to me. that r Act shall hereafter be passed inches in circumference." .but since of whjch meet . a beiner" at Present mfimhftr nfran-lister-Stat-es testimony might &c7," thouglrali ou tWes t became mar tlal,iin d Atjtditor chise their daughters, Utah might not do ing where 1 leit lorcioiy consiraineu 10 ouarr vWihade a captain. On p'arade, instead of testimony to the truth: I tried to argue with , the same. e," he uncon too young to get up and "two paces in Although . woman suffrage is , here yet a mvsfilf. that I was 'cash two j dollars a bold and unsupported fact, though no wo- say anything was- only a little girl and sciously, exclaimed,' ' J : v man has yet been called to serve on a jury should not speak. But it was no use, I, had year in advance." nor elected by vote to any civil office, I to get up and bear testimony Uhatso Josepn Mr. ;Bean of Hallo well Was cross While forth. and of a was God, Smith prophet doubt if Mr. Frelinghuysen himself, values the railway track, iis sle'Igh was struck ing have if to you wotell this you; encourage a am I you his vote more than I do mine, if I by a train and, stovo into kindling wood. uo seek until you not a witness rot yourself, of concession as the wood- has gone man j for I look upon it is" the same As many times as kindling Father Our one. are human Heavenly get that the government daughters into stoves, this is the first recorded instance at y and willing to forever;" stone as" a as and ? yesterday, as well stepping sons, of a stove into kindling wood. unto chil ins and bless to all times give gifts all other privileges; so I maintain, not only have taken will iniAl Detroit boy stood an umbrella, with a But the dren. you laws in steps I the my inherent right to a voice with filled the be will Elevcord tied tp it, in a public door-wamust obey, but that the very least thcPow-er- s spire your minds you of ashamed bo not will was and en persons thought thai umbrella theirs, that bo" can do for us is to give 3 a fair light of truth, In God. you them of the your youth and carried it with length. oL the , chance and plenty of time to prove whether the worship to string.' They then suddenly dropped it and we arc not at least as well qualified to make have espoused a good cause, the in sisters brethren and elder; went off without once looking back or stop--, good use of the ballot as a frecdman or a with your 'f.l- latter-da- y work. And God will bless ping to. piCK some insinuation as for the great Then ifc.up foreigner. success. with labors crown and vote otheryour not we dare you cast upon us that Sheridan was much annoY-e- lin tho Your influence for good will be felt by your or that husbands our as dictate, wise than the blessings of the House of Commons by a Imember' who kept neither male nor female voters dare vote ex- companions through nucleus for theyoung. constantly crying, "Hear hear! The witty form a cept as the Church authorities think best, Lord you will Presidents and orator described a fellow who wanted to play by yourjfaith Sustain as so far that your tho for former my can say Iinformation" in years and rogue, but shad only sense enough to play extends, there is not a shadow prayersr that, although : young Lwith greats emphasis, with fool; of truth in it; and for the latter I have struck experience; - they may be inspired to " Where shall we find a more foolish knave, off an objectionable name from the ticket wisdom and- knowledge, antlhave power meet- or a more knavish fool than he ?" which mcst church members voted entire and impart it; that you may have joy in shouted the troublesome member. speak hear witnessed the numbering of it, without the ing together. Be true to each other, thanking him othr Sheridan turned round, and sat remotest idea' that any disagreeable con- slightingly of lio one; but, build each which down amid for the prompt information, ; upr cultivate- the love of thd gospel sequences to myself would follow. r of. roar a in laughter. bochastd general kindred"; ties; It Would be hard indeed, if after having is stronger than . -- A - L ; -- . ; high-minde- i right-minde- ' . up-in-our-- satis-facto- rv "o are-fou- ' ; fronts-advanc- " ' - to-da- ; . y. -- : -- co-oper- ate 1.'-.-L " aiu.:;-;t---:-::-.-;T-- d - - and-exclai- 7--- med j -- ; : .f !1 ! 