W O MA N'S E XJ0 NE N T. i and ho felt that God had blessed him be yond the lot of common men. His pity was awakened by tho eloquent words of compassion and the strong appeal for mercy; and. forsrettincr tho judge in the man and the lather, he sprang from his chajr (while JDanieL-was-ithe midst of--h is argument, withnnt thlnkini? he had already won his case), and turning to his eldest son, dashing tho tears from his eves, he exclaimed: go." "Zeke, Zeke, you let that woodchuek ' t)ANIEL WEBSTER'S FIRST PLEA. Ebenezer AVebster, fathjB?Jbrpanielr was a farmer. The vegetables in his garden suffered "considerably from the depredations of a wooden uck, whose hold and habitation Was near the pre mises. iPMf el soniGfte n cyears old, and his brother Ezekiel, hacTSet a trap, and at last succeeded in catching the Ezekiel proposed to kill the trespasser. animal and end at once all further trouble with him: but Daniel looked with compas sion upon his meek, dumb' captive, and of fered to let h im go. The boys could not agree, and each appealed to their father to decide the case. your arms, even as Aaron did of old We will be true and faithful; so that when the Lamb claims His own. wo shall stand by your side, ready to receive our crowns of glory and reign Queens forever. more." J n Portfolio. , ;:; FLORAL HINTS. Myosotis Imperatrice Elizabeth. is recommendThis exquisite forget-me-ned by The Florist as a charming plant, and one of the very best for pot culture. ot ' Pot Coverer. A novelty, invented For the Exponent. by M. Gorse, of Paris, recommends itself, to THE ORDER. - the notice of those who cultivate plants in rooms: lit consists simply oL a circular piece JW.ellrmyrbQys BY JAKE THOKT. "I Will bthe "iudee and "voiFhall bfTthe " of zinc made to fit the top of the pot, and to counsel s, plead the case for and aerainst his divided into united by a hinge ; The subject we havo chosen seems to be at one life and liberty.1 ' . r f.' of contact.7 In the center,a Ezekiel opened the case with a strong ar- - setting the minds and tongues of, the peo- - space is point left which aUows free room for the cruraent urffiner the mischievous nature of nlo "aeroc We do not think we could have stem of the The utillity of this in- plant :the criminal, the great harm he had al vim ew- anu iaDor nau maauiucu, w protected will require much less water than been spent m his capture, and now, if suf- - poral and spiritual welfare. they otherwise would,'t as the evaporation fered to go at large, he would renew his TJie "Order," as it is generally understood, from tho in the woula be considera- semi-circle- -- -- , il ui!:-t,1'-I1?u;- and hl ,ifminiQW? is going to pull open our purse-strinas it abstract a few dollars therefrom. But as own our benefit here reallv is. It is for Arrangement of Flowers. A few husbands as hereafter. Our fathers, well simple rules in the arrangement of flowers, and brothers are continually preaching re with reference to color, will materially en- ,n form in dress, at table, and in all extrava hance the effect produced; next to scar 1. Avoid placing gant display. How is this to be effected movement of the peo let, orange or violet except by a general tried We retrenchment societies, 2. Do not place oranere next to : yellow. have ple? and only the few have entered into; them; nor blue next to violet the many, still rush onward in their head 3. White relieves any color, out least 01 long race after fashion and gaiety, yet some all yellow. them are really good at heart and 4. Orange appears best with blue, and hear among ' depredations, and be cunning enough not to be caught again, arid that he ought now to be put to death; that his skin was of some value, and that, make the most of him they could, it would not repay half the damage he had already done. f His argument was ready, practical, - and to the - point, and of much greater length than our limit will al low us to occupy in relating the story. The father looked with pride upon his son, "who became a distinguished jurist in gs rose-color- ed ' manViwlH ..... ..vrvv.. "Now, Daniels it's your turn; I'll yellow with violet . what you've got to say." we are a effect will revolution, general It was his first case. V Daniel sawf that the firmly convinced that no Mormon, or rather, Propagation of tue JlosixItoses are plea of his brother had sensibly affected his no Latter-da- y Saint will think for a moment very easily propagated by cuttings and lay father, the judge; and his 'large, brilliant of remaining out of it. It naturally follows ers. For garden roses the process of layer black eyes rested upon- - the soft, timid ex that our sisters will adopt a style of dress, ing is the best Take good strong shoots arid of the saw trem he it animal, pression more becoming their means and more in ac that come tho nearest to the, ground, and bled with fear in its narrow prison house. cordance with their strip off a few leaves "from half a foot or religion. His heart swelled with pity: and he appeal vVhilA IfltAlv pftnuprsino1 with a widow mor6 toward the point of the shoot, and in ed with eloquent; words that the captive sert a sharp knife just behind an eye or oho nrtmpd thu. free. he God,on the upper side, of the shoot, and might go said, had made arv fripnrirt vnn hnvA nnt r fi.miitf v rcare for:v hfI joint k pass it carefully upward, cutting about half through the stem, and from an inch to two fields andwood3, iOod hadlnot Jnade himL Inches invength Loosen- - the soil beneath-th- e or anyining invain f arie woodchuck had interests before I chobt, bend it down and press it firmly join," "My dear;" I re v lu? . "yIJ.l5 plied, "carT not you trust them in God into the earth; peg it down with a long u aS iioiu uirucuve or a bit of wood, two or three inches aniraai, iiKe hands? You rely on our beloved President hair-pi-n uiiii, u c vui,, ! ute a iew common veg- - to guide them spiritually, can not you feel beneath the surface, and cover it firmly with uuuica, ui wuicu luey nau pienty, anu coum tho same confidence in him, as regards their soil. June, July and August are the best well snare a part: he destroyed . m.. ouieu 'n 't ray .f - one nothing0 at. earuuy weuare;months for this operation. Take the time .ir.n.t r rY " views ' t.iu y to ate food the little he sustain his' f cT,iFitnfliie! cept . ceased to bloom r when the bush , ... ItUUiAUWl "I'll tUllllllVl and the shoots are growing vigorously. If be a Spiritualist then. uiwB,Wu.wa3u3 """:Vv'h"u";iui,v aw lu aim as necessary to nis exisT- - lfllways We know, as well as the great old Trench the weather is dry, water" the layers every let them become dry. By that women rule the world ;' evening; don't IU7V" neir mom' , ?cJr Ut D1C. KtfwmmhniIUmiShed their OWn fmri. Emperor, nr nnfr1ni iUU ihnr will ha Utrrmn t t.t U.,.t HO gave them all they possessed, and would aui our mighty influence to bear, on this" rooted, then cut them off 'within two inches not a for little a dumbr creature the spare they event of our veneration? : 5houl- - of the parent t stem, and transplant where who really had as much right to his 'small der arms !" my sisters, and "Present arms" you desire them to grow another season. s - u as fuawrrourid vour husband's and brother's necksrt In the spring, prune tho the stem down to uiy iney neraseives theanion the mighty armor of Truth and three or. four jointsand.thc roso will bloom and ?ieamor ' Hmalhad never violated the laws of his na- - aithgird -'l finely.- - . The Chinese layer roses in this Who Was thercamong us afraid to pitch manner:, by cutting a slitj las described lru v no 0ur tents In Salt Lake ' Valley; when the above and putting a small stone Jnto the wiuyuuKw 7"vvv.,v. had from tha hands of the Creator of the Lord, through His tongue to keep It open; then bind a handful of alUhings. Created by God's hands, he voice manded us to stay our feet for here wi our of fresh green mos3 around it, and keep it constantly wet, and the tiny roots will shoot 01 nim" jVT will refuse to unite our Whole efforts to roll forth into tho mos3 so rapidly that in five or ii i tt " 10 le Dut earnest on this grand, mighty Ore six weeks the layer can bo removed from of an the mal for that life, as dear tually pVeparV ul to iro pleadings tho bush and planted in the ground without . the just Cdunty, build the citybf Zion, arid bb ready disturbing the moss, and Vila 4 4 ; hw . -- fanfofrifnco rr -- 1 4. &4 has-nearl- 1 A fr 1 I . c-re- VYt, tJl :- - '0??? m "-r;- u. ;inrTf Z w-wi'nv- , . o finJyftrsh tnetr-:own,-aiid- mey topic ' the ss -- Those who say they will "wait e how ht uw ii ,nin, uw alifiio v v v wn tnm nnf AJ I IiU& r. appeal the tears had started much thev are losincr throuirh. their procras- - "At fortv vears of acre a man looks hwk in the old man's eyes, and were fast runnlnrr tination and want of faith. over his past life and wonders what he did down hls sunburnt cheeks. Let us rather say,' "Go on my husband' it for, and turns wistfully'toward the future, Every, feeling u xuuier a neart was stirred within him, "Go on my brother, and we will hold up and keeps on doing it wiu-nearceane- lire they could not restore again. ? lo E - , to-seu, . i-tia- i w a- - w y ww - TV I . 