WO MA N'S E XPONEN : - " - AND IMPARTING KNOWLEDGE. . "How, can we attain to knowledge?" is the question that is asked by the millions. In order to toet our;anticipatioo3;orle3pecte tatiohs we inut consider economy in all its bearings economy of time, economy of labor, economy of material, economy of dress, economy 01 outward and Inward resources; all. will add more less to our acqui, sitions. 1 - . . Time is the great ocean that spreads beyond our conception, and it is only known ymaiLavhiieJiiseiirtMy 23 T, books be heat, and wisely selected to suit the classes, Without a lack; and the school room supplied with proper seats and desks, and all apparatus needful. : Ahove all let the teacher bo one who has at heart the interest of your child, and whose countenance glows with intelligence. Let her salary be such that it will be ample stimulous for her to de vote her entire time and thought to tho culture of the charge placed under her care, that she may have time to make each child a study and be able to think for her pupils, to economize their time and set forth their time and set forth their lessons in a way to be acquired with the least possible exertion, by the shortest methodsj siniplifying and and short is his duration, The brain is the compass, as man travels r the .great ocean of life; and thinking is the main key to unlock the store house of knowledge. Knowledge arerenabled to discover beauties that as they solve the onco mysterious lesson.- - If you ooserve mat a lesson is oeyonu me pre-is power, and having po.wer sufficient, we sent grasp of a child's mind, never let it cculd live eternally: but in the great wis- know it is because of a lack of capacity, but dom ot God, He:ha3jdecreed that we should tell itthat you have given too long a lesson, recommeiid a change of studies for the be limited in this power, by certain fixed laws, otherwise, we would thwart His pur- We yee deprived of the poses. know- ledge we possessed in our first estate when we came into the second; but we are privileged to acquire knowledge by application and observation, through the faculties of the brain the intuitive faculties which God has given us as tools or means by which we can attain to knowledge, and The mind commenced its expansion, as the body expands, from its infancy, yet there are children whom nature has denied abili ties. We can only pity their condition. No teacher need expect tosucceed in such instances. Physicians are not supposed to supply brains in an empty skull, much less a tutor. Still there are resources to an almost entirely inactive brain, and encouragement is the great whet-ston- e that wilt brighten and give new life to a brain that would otherwise sleep the sleep or years. live--eternally- . present. "Should a feeling of discourage- XTrtll aftdf mont kncfinf ottnmntc nnrl fifki-7- -- ...1 r t a a lei noi, J.1 ine ciiiiu lue ..-in- lf made aware of it. When the feeliner of love messages in Turkish and foreign languages, has now been established at Bethlehem, on wMclxihjQj sage received at Bethle'hem in years gone by, has thrilled the world: "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men," , the truth i.hj vouched for by the San Francisco "Republican," displays an example of y gallantness worthy of record: Six weeks ago seven male Indians and one Indian woman started to cross Clear Lake, near tho northern end, in a small boat, which wascanslzed three miles from land. Thev rightecLit; LbaLaaJliaJc(yaOMSiLll?l couldnot Imil It out', and while full of water It would not support more than dne person. men iui. giri iu auu huiu uu iu mu edges of tho boat, supporting themselves by swimming, till exhausted and chilled through by the cold water, and then drop-o- r 'ped off one by one. They showed no though t of disputing the young woman's- - exclusive Ti r vl -- fnllmvin of-whi- L-h self-sacrifici- ng uj " IM ell f tf the She hfVl 1. baa!Aaa ocirciitwutc. their U'JlS S.TVOrl - h ' " ; -- '"J"' " is aroused, and the heart is interested, then Here is the way a Georaria mper puts application to study is a pleasure, and the it: "Among the many visitors who, came vnrk-i-hnlf nnpnmnlfihnfl fhn wlinf.fnnn to our nitv on Ritiirdnv l,ist. tn sell their of encouragement should be applied daily, country produce, was a young lady from an Let it be seen that you approve of every- - adjoining county who had chickens, eggs thing that will admit of approval "encour and butter for sale. Her beauty was of scendent excellence; brierht,f flashincr, Intel- is what hone i feeds on.f and if there I,is no nopo ior success, wnat is mere to uxmui ut?s, aim iuco ruuuu ami rosy, wniie hercalico dress was plain and neatly made, prompt one to action? Let teachers aud guardians give due con- fitting beautifully. Her raven hair flowed sideration to these facts; for oftentimes the in luxurious richness. vWcll educated she most speedy and satisfactory results are ef- conversed fluently, arid deported herself fected by gentle words. And in order to with becoming modesty. She wore no false have your words effective and your teach- bustle or purchased complexion; had no. ings beneficial, it is an all important item topnot on her head, no false fixings to preto have the love and dents. Let teachers and euardians resnect a created intellifrenco that would not yield themselves by respecting their callinsrs and to the despotic dictates of ' frivolous fash never abuse the confidence and trust that is ion. It has been a long time since' we placed in them. Treat the feelings of stu- gazed on such a sight. The young men dents with due respect. You may whittle crowded around her wagon with curiosity the wood, and pound the lead, but do not in their eyes and admiration in their hearts. The old men wept for joy that there was stamp upon the mind and heart of mortals these are thei r t reasu res. Th e 1 riinfuff nf One who had not bowed to Baal." She sold home, milked thomiudJtJhCmo to mankind. Do not then, trust such train- - the cows, cooked the supper "for ten "farm ing to unskillful hands, any more than you laborers, and went to churchv that night would trust the doctoring of your eyes to a with her sweetheart." butcher. The great final result rests princiA Golden Lesson to Teachers. I. If are not pally in the beginning, built on poor foundations, how very impor- you would have no drones in your school, talk at each recitation' to the dullest in your tant then,' that there should he n nrnner I commencement. Try. class, and use all your ingenuity in endeav4 tran-acrerae- nt w- . - But neglected or abused, like a hidden bullet in a wound, it heals up and becomes calloused over, and wonted to its destined fate. In such a case, let the tutor probe the wound and give the stolid portion of the mind a chance for an exit. Then to the remaining skeleton apply restoratives. Show it how tojclimbrthe .smooth erraggedcliffrandTiot say "There is the lesson, learn it!" with emphasis to every word, leaving the child with an idea of an impossibility. Remove the doubt, and explain that only little is required at first, that large oaks grow from small acorns, little drop3 make the ocean, and seconds" of time eternities. Teach the child love'Vin its first lessons; to love home and its surroundings and everything good. Hence the necessity of making every home PEN AND SCISSORS. pleasant and endearincr, with its flowers and are sunshine to the He who waits to do a great deal at once heart, with music to soften, to modify, and arouse In the mind a love for the beautifujL will never do any thing. Dr. Johnson. The feelings of a child shrink from cold Beecher says the United States is Enghearts and harsh words, but will cling to a land broke loose and growing in the open person whose words are uttered in gentle- air. ness; and music will act as magic on the A says marriage is often a dull youthful mind, causing tho clouds to flee book cynic with a very fine preface: sometimes it Arid sunshine to appear in their hearts. Then Is "half calf," too." When such as he form why not cultivate heaven at home? Gentle part of the binding it is sure to be "half words cost nothing, but harshness has made calf' or "sheep." many a disconsolate and hopeless heart and deserted home. There is something very sensible in the Build the youth- impromptu remark of a young lady: "If our ful mind. Seed sown on good ground will live Maker thought it wrong for Adam to take root. singlowhen there was not a woman on As the child develops, still let it be how criminally wrong are the old taught earth, love in. the school room; make sufficient at- bachelors, with the world full of pretty . tractions there by supplying tho girls!" Let its dinner bo A newspaper paragraph states the fact and tastily suited to its properly arranged Let the that a telegraph office for the dispatch of appetite. ! tf -- good-castle- s - pleasant-wordswhi- L I'll ch " , - proper-foundatio- n - in-th- e pre-requi-slt- es. . oring to make them comprehend. The others, then, will bo sure to understand. 2. Make each exercise as attractive as possible. Think out your methods beforehand, " " -- " andillustrate freely. Cultivate never be led into confusion, and above all be in earnest. 4. Be cheerful, and smile often. A teacher with a long face casts a gloonover everything, and eventually chills young minds " and closes young hearts. . 5. Use simple language when you explain lessons. Long words are thrown away in 3. self-contr- ol; . the school-roo- m. - ; ; Thoroughly test each pupil on the lesdo not be afraid of repetition. and son, every day, or much time will be lost. 7. Do not try to teach too much; better-teac- h a little and teach it well. 8. Endeavor to make your pupils understand the meaning of what they study. Probe the matter to the bottom, and get at tho real knowledge of your scholars. 9., Cultivate the understandinsr. and do not appeal directly to the memory. 6. Be-vie- w - i L 