WOMAN'S EXPON ENT, 100 SPLINTERS. I G jvcrnor Woods sang in tho 14th Ward a recent Su choj rpn nday.iv!Thanks-g- i ving was a Day hungry time for some folks who fahed to lay in a sufficient suppiy of' food before the shops wero closed;? they are , in iriKjui jt Is over......The Z. C. M. I. retai I - OT , - Pab.ishcd Bcral-monthl- In , SaltTL&lceXity y, ll.OO.; Ten copies: for the price of nine. tm Jine rates; rEach equare, foreign.! ,ii r ', .. -- grocery department has been purchased by David Day & Co.. .....The people of Sanpete have petitioned for a daily mail. .....A School Teachers' examination. was held in tho Uni versity building on the 28'tirtilt.tr.Mrr Mayo has been personating 'Davy Crockett - Trustees refuse to grant any more......!.. A themselves calculated to bring discord ' T and mother and daughter, of luadison, ill., cuu.ugionln their wake. were recently fatally burned byx the expio- - Those in particular who clamor loudest In f; sion of a coal'OiFlamprVViiite gros grain publicy showing up peopled faults - In the. moat :. Vwi AMAiMin'nKiai;niif" fashinnfthlv-'iisfii 0Jn,iT is now. for trimminfO on I frii-in' bUVMU 7V lUJt iii U11U UUICVUUUUUIV 1LLIV, aM " blaclrandrdark colored velvet bonnets. seeds of disunion and miserv. and inhHnW tnose, wne are lull of hatred, mauca ana envy to, the most extreme. measures. 1 he principles ,, THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ib Uiey advancia, peace and harmony: demoralizing rather than - - 1 CREEXE RICIIAnDS. Editor. elevating; they bring(upihe most hideous .an 1 CURXIXIA H. IIORXE, Saftinem Hauasrer. revolting phase of j modern society; and ;jonewould think to hear, them lecture,: or read their A.uvertlslnr uonpareiIpae, one d I I " Vitv w xi uUm "V. mc, and that wo were fast deEreneratincr into a' race Tailors in China "aro not favorably im- Dar- Exjionent Office, on tvest Tcmpid St.VneirJFiret South I ty or refinement i iretrograding toward tho introduction with of pressed sewing Stn opposite City .BatincsR hours I torn U vinisni.J ; 3TV1a jjjU.-:machines; thov have an idea it will cheapen a.m. to 4 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturday s. These extremists tell fonie very naked truths jSCdrcss all boMness coram unlcaiions q labor.... ..An unusually heavy shock of earthAVOMAK'8 JBirOKSST. perhaps, but who IsDeneflted?- - and who. that ; Salt Lake City, Utah. quake recently occurred in Chili,1 South possesses a particle of innate purity, does not America.. ....Church reforms have been forhrink; fronl suchLindeHcato language,- - such 1 cibly Introduced in Poland by the governSALT LAKE CITY, DEC. 1 1S74 daring defiance of publid opinion,' when coining ment, and serious riots have bee thereby from a woman?' and indeed, what have they to occasioned. .iAdispatch from London says vffer as an antidote to::this; moral pestilence that.iuihga.-- rcwniv'galetive VarmoutEr PRESERVE YOUK PAPERS. 7i pervxtdihg pblltensdbiety? fishing crafts were supposed ;to have been ::I entirely disagree with : this class J lost with all on board. .....Improvements are A few weeks .Although to bo present noted In the wheat market of England....!. when a Swedishiuee,WQ happened are those was making: inqui of public lecturers, yet I believe there brother In Hendaye, Spain, the weather has been so 0 are Tcally inspired with rzeal il I ries of a gentleman cone erniuff severe that military opperations aro knowiedge;:desiring;t elevate worn an ' to a ures on a paper which he hn' ponded. 4:'i:;.!t;;'';;;i:':U ana a iruer epuere,tnan sno nas .; : f' -- :"y the tax collector. The paper was to inform nigoerposiuon v ?.:,L PERSONAL. ty? 'destroylngmeu's him that his taxes for the present year- were filled in the pasKV,Nofe.' ' Mrs. Duuiway lectures bnThe Destiny of or. influence, undermining: their Individual' our Ilepublic',.M.Mrs. Blako and Mrs: Fly nt due and that he had been delinquent in last character or standing in society; biit helping tb: talk about ''Dress Reform" : .. ..Mrs. Stanton year's payment. How could it mean that, the do what'meniiave assuredly failed ,to 'see. Was man wanted to know,, when he had another gives information concerning "President and for their own ad van women a, su-- ,. which had been hiiaAaud paper which V.lMiss given Kate to has Field taken People's or education, such as thelrbrothers e njoy, t theatrical performances . ...Mrs. Ho we telle U8 prouucea to snow that last year his taxes peri mjronsideredjlighuully en titled to, which n about Finance,,......Mrs. Livermoro is said were all paid. Sure enough the mistake- had will thorough 4un derstandi tig of . give "them to havo accomplished more good in the lec- been made by the assessor and collector, who of theircountry, aqd according.: ture field than any man ever did, Charles must have failed to credit the man in J) Is hook: Ihegovenjpient ; Dickens not excepted...... Mrs, Ilolden of for payment of which he had giveu a receipt to them also the righ otsuflfrago, and to have voice in choosing and nominating'thelr f rulers f Chicago calls attention to tho "Physical Edu- But the Swedishman had wisely .preserved r equally with men; granting) they: have I been li cation Of Girls.- -: vyrMA-t- the receipt, the presentation of which would previously qualified; Iti I say, they can be al t be sufficient to save him the necessity of pay-ins lowed a lt$w of i;theso f privileges, excl us ive- his taxes twica for one yenrJi i Tho government estimates, it is reported, I hitherto, they may greatly benefit public so n- s t iiin iir r u ij wm average six or seven millions this year belor TFhat they were last year.TT.0enerai wuatascuvigAuaujYaujs a jiawYe or ureal i .l Banks refuses to bo a candidate for the Britain, id which he! was said to b not" . . snouia De; tender towards woman. v.rttli speakership of the next House of SS if thoughtful or a 1 her needs instead of crushing ' rHfifn s,r Blain will not bo a croduthtf "ttkU-"in her the germ of inherent 'womanhood jm- 7 I" candidate for tho United States senatofship ;ain tho author of ,ber being, for her- own from Maine..... .Grant now laughs at the Some persons .Aa; In fuL Terrltorv har nnt I :planted , . . by iLdividual development- and ftapptaefa, and idea of his being for a third term nmrrvi cn in.tr fmm thn oinf. as President..... ..Washington Territory, as nbKaVinglea "has gone republican reported, Arizona tance of if ii W T7Tl:i rjapers, which nmiht has about "half a dozen" candidates for then havo preserving me forcibly, that. girls iave;,been , Jtstrikes seemed of little consequence but Congress, or at least, two. vrvM now bo of reat value could they be taught to irain themselves more , especially for - Market-place- - - 5 1 ? 5 J- shcrfr ( - , r l : . ;- - - t ff - ;- - n,?tin : f4 - 1 . , tage-fgivi- ng ? I i -- , - rs-- : i- it Repre-sentativcs......Spea- re-elect- i w - e r.t f i .... . b.' rnrd h17. 7 ker - t...i Micl? eau -- - -- r i. - ed -- 5 ; IS-i- ; , ly:A': 1 !i .1 l GENERAL. prouucea.; ' ,Soven hundred girls "find employmcrit in tho silk factories of New Jersey...;. .The majority of tho male population of Switzerland dio before ; they attain their "fiftieth year...... A now agent calledcarboIeum,,ha3 lately been discovered, and, it is thought, will supersede steam....A woman's college has been established at Little Rock, Ark..... A rule has been adopted n Pennsylvania to prohibit tho peddling of newspapers, novels, candies, &c, on tho cars........Tho yellow fever, which has raged for sorao time in Pcnsacola, has abated...... A number of failures of prominent business men have lately Two Toxa3 men havo been, reported .to gone Europo to.mako plans for the immigration f people who may - wish to come from Europe) and settle in Texas There aro said to bo.no millionaires in Turkey...... Madrid is now a poor placo for business "or to live in, every body is poor there......Plano, Kendall county, 111., h without a saloon; the last. saloon license has expired and the . ?v;....... i j iaewuui,iuMLuAi.iuwi. i? tent witll womanly, dignity: and From tho first; burst of iocipient womanhood'. ' SOMETHING TO LIVE FOR. her education and training has this peculiar bearine and tendencT to attract eome man w!ir I think myself fully authorized to Bay, there suits her fancy, and who will be willing. to re. never was a ti me since the ere ilion of the lie vo her father and.mnther, or crtiardiana of world when men and women too. were soanx- - hPr fiiimt and ke'ep her all the remainder V' self-respec- ts -- . ious to moralize, reform, and remodel society her life. And she looks forward to this,! as the-as at the present day. Iri fact, some-spiri- t or crowning point of jhqr", earthly existence, and other seems propelling the masses or mankind neglectfuliof .moral, towards a revolution, reformation or brganiza- ot mental development, looks out for:: physical,' tion of all things. They cry out against this a husband; who will take her with 'jdi.Wi aud that public evil, extravagance, sin and faults, (thro wiii? a few Vpersan-charing iri. and each scsms one wickednes?, fid think that to the scale,, by way:, of recompense) make' his or her theory, if put in practice, would ef-- her his': wife.-- : hid:: companion: hlf lmm feet a radical change In tho affiiirs of men; and friend, nd supply lier . with. delicacies mere area many remedies oiltraL for repair- - luxurles. and crown- her with' his true nmi vuero are quacic medicines for elusive mgsccieiy earthly love. That few succeed in ob-benefiting the. iek; aud they are, altogether, taining any jrea-1'- happlaess', and that many' about as valueless and inappropriate. Thev fail, we ara witnesses - dailr. "That worn en ; wis. ot reforming when many of tho books hJiouid understand thevwpra r.mi fnr n nn. they writ?, the sermons they preach, the lec- - bier nurnose than 'to attract tbV fmfMHnn' nr ' turcs tluy give, political speeches, etc. are in men or gain a few year: pleasure by being the" T ; fefr-trainln- Beif-cuUur- e, g: : - W ' 