'W 0 MAN'S '110 EXPO T'".r N-E- t -- ,,. . ' tdr lgjve is For woman - used jnjdoanin loth, '71. Nov.4 Exponent, .TojQUEEitv . woman for it a crime TO LOVE?" is- no cr mo, , ' 1 Though direst imprudence ; ownf i. For naaiaperrerscness within, Ani valu33 not things lightly won. scrUbbing-hms- beast of. the desert Is man If you fly he will swiftly pursue; Bat approach hlmj with heart in your hatid, " . Dltrutful he files before you, Your pearls, if you offer for naught, .Ho think never camo.from the deep,- . For werp they not ahams subtly wrought, I She surely had Jield them less cheap! ; - - "To blame?" yes, to blamel if she throw of all her thus The pledge , away, Unknowing that where it may go ' . It will bo invited to stay, ' . . ! . OsiiterJ we dwoll not Jn heaven ' i Hut'earth where! nulle, brings .us wo:7 Oh confess not tbo Boul-gebe given ' . Till warmly besought to do sol , If mortals were free from all guile As angels who see as they're seen , smllo It never a heart-winniConcealed a foul ulcer within; If Scorn, with her flngor uprcared, Stood not ready tostrilroin her might, . If even the mortal revered Could read your jpurc motives aright, . Then womanhood's glorious crown ' . Unasked! might bo given with pj ide; , . Cut In wilds where dire dangen abound, Oh, Jay not your armor aside! No passion should break our cont rol, half, the, siz3 of anlegg; with a or respond 1 or putting on only, respects. a; hroombr h ? is duite readr. VOr if Preferred soned with a IMq butter arid salt It should.be a'6ut the thickness of well- - made gnief, and It is iur an mvaua wno nas rjruuiuiwu3 been long ill. - fop-jcian- - -- ' inv stew-paPoached ifegSjtJijin'tfofTwater. add half a teaspodnfui of salt; place it over the fire and when boiling break your tggs Into it as nwr rfi f (MirfnpA nf thn Wfifn q nrxjalKIn rt. than. boil irentlv abont minnW r.hrtnM ?W taken not to boil too many together; if the yelk from the white itinay be presumed that the egg is not fresh, though the same thin- - mav happen through awkwardness in poaUint;'k Afkr they are taken carefully from the water, placed iri Ja warm uisnana aramea-iay-ov- er tnem some pieces or butter,-an- d place before the fire or iu a warn, ovenbr a moment only. Sdme people think ;td add- a small quantity of vinegar to the water in which eggs are poached is "an improvements"1' fj. thr; ng ; AVill save from tho angriest llooi. ., . i'i'i'"'V V ' . ihi ' ' Lu DALioy. ' fgtf Eatingu AVithout n1 ApPETiTE.Hair wrone to eatiwitnout an.aDDev v ins says:' for shoY3 it there ii no gastric Juice in tite, the stomach, and that nature does not need - :' :'".t . and-n- qt : ;: - ; : : -- should lrom eating without an appetite for the mainderqf his., life. If a tonic as taken to to-dete- r re-separa- tes a, mistakencpurso, appeti,13 itto iscause one toat more, W result an amount has been eaten be whet. t 9r s esuit ,i r -- ToannlytakeaernfuloftwiofthLvrwh jrarm watcr:' - ' J ' ... - ' - - iiEDlci2flS. -awn to one-- : nau maKcs amoscexceiiemrsyrap iorcougns anu coius rpri. is- - pleasant to tno Will keep the vear in throughout ' f4rall. ywwUthavstuu y--n .Inim'i: wnplrhntfi!al -- . -- a little fnr.-'nhilf- a'-.-;im.t,Ur- ,.n3 ; f ' i inwt i add two eggs half wdim waierf ana you. will De . surprised at the j uir v In recovering from an . illness, the system TV- T euSar;. sccaui it in amount of dirt, though you may. hare thought your i 77 a Duucreu rnoia lor about an hour. , Iioa a craving for some pleasant acid jdrink." uuau penecuy ciean. t .tor the heads of inyoung Eflkftd , '; Plain fants it is jast thethingas it K"fa.. 'Rjrft. -ca- instantly removes the This is foundc in cideriwhich is placed on w.i.t, uisu laat wjlji Dear ox mo oven; oreak the scurf without pain, or trouble. It should be the firo as rsoon as made, and. allowed to iiiw egg3 carefully into dirty rather weaker for a babe, than for an adult. J i come to a boil, then cooled,put iu casks, and wu,n a nttie Dutter; sale and pepper ij a.iu desired: puttms the butter iVcmnli it in s cool cellar. T Treated thus rekept F'-- a ' r .. over, t xiiiuuu ia a siacK oven till mains for many months as good as the day set, and serve. V" HYGIENIC NOTES. V ... it tvas made. two ounces of 4 v. or ti , foTfyeara.mfgoe4nditiojinMrs ' 5 A. -- ha To IVcscrvc.Fruit Jellies from Mold. Cover the spuits Onunompr mix with three ounces of alcohol and, when thor--i nrnfitahlo: "surface one fourth of an inch 'deep with fine pulver fill the botde with soft water. Ee-h-;r , ized loaf sugar " When thti'protected,' the jellies oughly mked V member , toputin theingriaientsin theernam keep' mouldmess. & need ingu i ty thereibeingJip i fluid to receive and act upon it, it re mains t h ere only to putrefy, the yejyiihough Of be sufficient whicli anvman food as-the-r- IIOUSEUOIil) HINTS. itiS 1 the? heads of people especially of laborers i and I tm'fwlifMV id tn h thn tmnQnf c,miivintf T: and common .will children, get very dirty, washing and this wear and tear, can Only: take ; place not remove tins. - Here is a recipe, given by a uc -- of - exercise iThoi efficients ted lecturer on hygiene:. In a; pint bottle, put! a : out-dofor is work remedy dyspepsia i5JMcrrrfld of oliTC aad: add tWO QUnC of best nrWmMwu&fnl . ' . who, $eek irest, peace, and - No love supersede love of God This anchor made Xast'fo the Soul , : t when already yond what the gastric" is able to prepare.-.- . rTH(e76bjectld"lfita orgastrlc Julcp,not a larger suprjlyJoFfpod;. and whateverfailsto accomplish that essential object falis to have any : efficieriey toward thb cure of dyspeptic diseases.' The For Cleansing the Hair and Scalp. Iu the formation of gastric juices 5is directly pro- warm davd of summer with dust and r?rniratlnn I ! t n; reveng3nbTpening to " --- t t At ' ma V hh . , m 'l tore a Wdriri 1 6 veor i na; Ii t eel JrWni not thb best way to getwarmibr a night's siccii. ' rc ouuum UmB sitUil VIKUtUUS tJJter- cise as will Jglve Vqulck circulation to thb blood," and not depend on artificial but natu- ral heat, j Attention to air thee thingsol- - . J - ing to the'; calls of nature in1 all Standing7 over arogiiiterjor be- - such devotional exercises a wilf the feelings, emotions and .senti- iiiuius iULu.uqoru wiiu ine aivine Wiii, suu- )assiqns, jreraoving , hatred, malice, Milk.--W- ash , . state of n mind, wit half a pail of hot, auxi6ug"Qf trouble Qed by. a tablesf)5onful of good rice drain and put into a stewpan with a pint of milk bring: all, Iiice ' Lioa sal-sod- To hs, sufficient water so that it will not rua owipellry with a soft cloth; . it will look as bright and shining nuwu ui,ii. 4.uiow u fcwu naif vv vwau wm- mon paint, as it easily removes saioke, grease, or dust, and docs not destroy th3 gloss or varnish. It is also useful in washing. I (Tlibugrh Bho love neither wl3Cly, nor well;) y . ; For love la a passion tfirlne . black tho cleanse depths of hell. Ana ; may yet la no sin, Love eron unsoug-ht- - piecs of oil-clot- 9 bread-crumb- s; w . ,7-, 7 - to it r"" " l,7 Bread and Butter ruddins. Buth-- r ai; iWe.oiice saved the life of an infant which . ana sprinkle some currants all . around ' i Down thnn Lie ,V " and Rest. Dr; Ilall says the bean ipadvertentjy drugged with laud- . r t In ci;rtn " - .. ...i.t.li MVVi, U4 wuiu auu in the wona, more efficient anumi ana .Was Jast omcer, to two eggs well oest iT sinking into the sleep n 4i weeten 41iati a UI poien.ci.es 01 tne materia medi- - wiuclrhas no awaking, by giving it strong with sugar and pour it over the bread and butter. I c arowarmth, rest, . Date m a jiot oven. air Some 's f vr i,M,. II tnjinnnnAii make itnvfrf persons - - -n ' . . . c 5Caso Toast and Eggs.-Br- eak the J iutda stAw long;as they can i ceased to seem Ilealfh. """V ii r,ii llini'A r and ald a linl 1'fresh butter, sot mci the stewpan' over a moderate firo and butir succceds; others tho stir round ppwera of aro . thereby , b0. wun aspoon, being carcfid.. to keep ALL 3IEN ARK ' CKBATEI) KQUAL. exhausted completely every nartir in motion until the whole has become a smooth ability to recu- and anyntneri,7man V minds mariy judges, tmisa Euoswncej: nave ready convenient K l rnes - u llmPl(l Jever sets in', the nzei ensp pieces of toast,-pouthe patient: to : a premature many judgments, in Illinois, the Judges . i iu tiitj c5unrHinii niir; noiri rnir tun tv ivim nr nan eilort. a Warm fnrl nnrl o I fnrfnronrlAnAA i. u.i .i Cottage Cheese Place u 1 to .women. anti mat by vir- steps 10 a sure and uuua 1101 exiena andlet it : thereof,- or orah.vthing clSe,vthehavo miKt Ieads a or ittm' bo hrd 1Uietud?.anfl the very mo. k"?.'0' it drain right Of suffrage. In the same State, nn1.j - . , me-JIcin- . -- , , . . cs ; I J e ... lm .r-v- - i f.eepupas 1 u?3 ?lSt?m r hVm r 7 AVfin -- droyIIaU'sour. w WM - .. - . ii'i "'-JU- Sim". &dJ .t S cream f Pfttl'Zh1' S Z&J?lto?JT'lt' WCnt,,seaso U9 iSif ana.Hmo.. Floor . to Wnuf f - 'ass,il for .retirement Wjuit tho stem: ""other Supreme Court decides iS ol i,U8 wataoa .,ho commit ?i . " t.ttt U nf lur inn nv'ai . Jt DU$tnnf M,1 nf.trt,nmnn ""UW. shoulj not be (o b ed with an joverloaded stomach in an zens. In effcety--: u r n-- , ithat thjs .' .. I!t.-J- ?. uu uupnc i citi- - .therefore, juvenile3'a . 7 