WOMAN ',8; lEXPOKENT, 62 ia the tobth acho. lib says the most pleasant and namenting the table an hour and a half dayman usual, jrunccuawy is a rvinuu mat iucu a&Teeable. soda atUI immediately: or in a few should learn if they are in the habit of being minutes causer entire cessation : of pain, by about coming to meals. Any Woman wor- filling the tooth carefully with the powdered th v the name of a housekeeber will be regular w ith carbonate, so that it may descend to ;tho her "meals if it lies in: her- - power to have - them nerve, which vits solution inqthe saliva will JUST TniS ONCE." . 1 "Just tbla once," the tempter sal'J, - . WithsmlUnUp; , Thua entlccdt the victim took .. Tho fatal Bip; And years rolled on, his doom ia wed, Death glooms above the drunlard8 bed. un-certa- t , Cherry ttimpIiSPul chemesSiaehcs deep . r ,1 . 3 i ,1 fn. on me ooiiomoii a porceiaiu-uue- ut; jluiuc. . mzv in sugar to sweeten, add half a teacup of Water and sprinkle over enough flour to . slightly thicken the itoli out raised Uraham biscuit crust-- juice, shortcned with cream about an inch thick, which snread rmito over the cherries. Cover the ' kettle tight (shutting the cover in with a cloth spread over tne top limeea Dej ana cook - steaany on tne cod ot tne stove, taking care- - tnat it snail j&L burn. of an houror so" until the crust is " With lurtaar voice. Tremblicglj the victim threw The rattling dice; -. : . . To ceaseless woe; - And years rolled onrolfearfurccccl" The death bed of a libertine. "Just this once, the tcmptersaid, weii-ccK)Ke- Wat rulo's edge; . ..; J ears on: rrllcd ah. 'tis the samcIV j sjrcsuicidal death of ebamo. i -- . . 1.","-- A SELTCTJEt). i- . permanent, .curetHoughTit sunerer ior4many nours. f au KEMEDIES F6U . C0STIVENESS.C0Stie- ness has an aerreeable remedy in the Iree use of tomatoes at meals y 'i'r s . .. their seeds acting in , the way of the white mustard or figs, by stimulating the coats of the bowels over wnicn tney pass, in tneir wnole state, to in. creased-action- . A remedy of equal efficiency in the same xnerBaineayruerre-lelyis, common direJiojo:iscreday steamed if thenveniences are at hand. Another white wheat- - grains, BrehmtcTtwir way is to put the cherries into a napple or pie three pieces, and th on boiled , until. it is iis dishy coyjT with thick crust, and bake in the oven. soft as rice, and eaten malnlyat Two meals of- - th X edayvi thlbu t teixirlmfnap. three-quarte- lfyfa!th I plede."" The victim dreamed not that her deed ' - i.-ii- . jlnd year rolled on; theriver's.wavo Bolls darkly o'er a gambler's grave, "Just this once." the tcmptcr.caldt No one shall know," .The victim, thoughtless, gave his soul it to tip. He says ho isTnpt aware that it will, cure all cases or makq., a soon after allow so. "Just this once," the tempter said, : in rs -- a.1 - PRECAUTroNSiAGilNST HYGIENIC NOTES. to- -- Eat TEICinNA. no uncooked or hog's flesh. Hints for Nueses. The following sensi- - The raw flesh of the hog, yhatever its shape ble suercrcstions are from the pen of Florence or condition, whether ham, bacon, or pork, Preserving Eggs. It is stated tbiriaermaiiy Nightingale: Conciseness and decision are, salt or fresh, smoked or unsmoked, is liable thvy pack ggs with the small end down, ia dry above all thincrs necessary with the . sick. to contain this parasite, full of life and ac nashes, and fiud no trouble in fceeping.thcii). Let your thought, expressed to them be tivity that may work a remediless mischief To Clean Paint Smear it over vrith whiting concisely and decidedly expressed. What in the human body. Bologna jsaiisagej if iaixed to the insistency of common paste in warm aouot ana Hesitation mere majroe in your pork be in it uncooked, is as dangerous as own mind must never be communicated to any form of this meat The heat that cooks ater. Rub the BurfacefJnSeeedhriskly tod wash off with pure cold" water. Greaso spots theirs, not even5 (I would rather 'say espe- meat utterly destroys the life and mischievwill, iu this way be instantly removed, as well as cially not) in little things. Let your doubt ous power of these vermin, and no one need be to yourself, your decision to them. Peo- fear any harm if this fact is observed. Other marls, and the paint will retain its beauty and brilliancy unimpaired. .Vfri.:' 1 ; ple who think, outside their heads, the whole process of. i whose ? thought appears, To Kill Flies. It it said by one who has tried like Homer's, in the act ; of secretion, who 'The young lady students at Willow Park ; that a tea it of West bro, Mass., are expected to strong quassia sweetened with mo- tell everything that led them towards this Seminary, lasses will kill flit s, and has the advantage of not ise Dress Reform a nd Physical culture, conclusion and away from that, ought never pract a dtdk poison. It is said, too that hhr ' every one being required to, wear the gymV to be with the sick. v washed with a tea of quassia will not be tormented irresolution is "what all patients most nastic costume instead of any2 otheri The can be bought at any drug store and d read. by fiies. It Hat her than m eet this in others, following statement concerning physical tifAvlli f M'ln rr IP u frfriTl akA4A V culture in the catalogue of the inntu iuau; uie uy UUlSanee. u uviiu 4ug they will collect all their data, and make up stitution:appears jt .'7rt-i- . ' Eussian Cream. One quart of milk, three A1 change of for minds their themselves. egg? 'We wish our students to have a sound one cup of sugar, half package Cox's gelttin is regarding an f l mind in others, whether mind in a sound body, hence lorry minutes BUia or lemon navonog. jissolve gelatin in ha f operation, or a letter, always are devoted to the patient more than the being called of each school-da- y , pint ot tepid water bring to a warm temperature Physical Exercises, upon the plan but not scaiamg. licat tne yelks of the eggs ai d upon to make up his mind to the mast of Dr. Dio Lewis' Light Gymnastits. We tugar together. U3yng Further than Jiave a thoroughly cpmp add the dissolved gelatin, to eggs and ' sugar this, in. very" many leases, theinglnatidn and let it just come to a boiling point but no in disease is far more active and vivid than pusiness it is to attend punctually to ttaclu it is in health. If you propose to the pa- ing,' drilling, and otherwise carrying out more, as it is too stiff. .Beat the whites and' the mixture from the stove, and add whites tient change, of air to one place one hour. the details of this department - The Proprietor, a practical physician, gives special to itt also fiaroring and pour into moulds" This and to another the next, ho has in each case, attention to the Boarding Department of requires to stand longer than wine jelly; If wan-- - immediately constituted himself in imagiPhysicrl Culture,as well as to all that tends to ted for "dinner mae the day before. Eat with nation the tenant of the place; cream if you like. the whole premises in idea, and ou have give health and vigor to the students while j imagi-tio- here, and a capability, to retain the simn tired hfm as much by displacing his Cheap Vinegar. Take a quantity cf coninion as if you had actually carried him over after leaving Uhg school. In this departr Irish poUtoes, wash them until they are ment our school has proved a perfect success? a thoroughly both places. clean, place them in a large vessel and hnll thr Above' all.. leave; the sick room auicklv Young ladies who, by repeated trials, havo "tmtil done. Brain off carefully the water that found themselves totally- unable to attend they were cooked in, straining it. if necessary in order and come into it quickly, not suddenly, not school a term without bre:king down, have with a rush. But don't let the patient be to remove every particle of potato. Then here put this wearily waiting for when you will be out of full pursued a thorough course of studies a potato water in a jug or keg, which set near the year, and then left the Institution vigthe room or when you will bo in it. Constove, or in some place where it will be kept warm orous and healthy. The value of this feaand add one pound of sugar to about two and onei ciseness and decision in your raovements,as well as your words, are necessary in the sick ture of our school cannot be estimated. half gallons of the- water, some hop yeast or a room, as necessary as absence of hurry and Each student is entitled to one Turkish Rnall portion of whiiky. Let it stand three or hustle. To possess yourself rntiroiv xvi Bath per week (though it is not a requirefour weeks, and you will have excellent vinegar at a cost of six or seven - cents per - gallo- n- and is ensure you from either failing either loit- ment); and so beneficial has the bath proved in relieving tho system of all impurities, or hurrying.; ' said to be lh only vinegar that will preerve cu- ering If a patient has to "see, not only to his and consequently giving lair and healthy cumbers cut fresh from the vines "without the aid own but also to his nurse's that parents often wish their of salt. or complexions, punctuality, perseverance, or readiness, or' calmness, to daughters to have an extra bath each week at Sleals . Keeping Littlo thiais interfere any or all of theso things, he is far better an extra expense. Wre believe that this is the Waiting with our comfort very much, and one small annoy, without that nurse than with her however only school in the world where the pupil ana b for men to delay coming - to dinner when valuable and handy her services has weekly access to the Turkish5 Ba th." may other, calhd. ; Sometimes theyhavoaa hour or more of wiso bo to "him, and. .however ineapablehe work they will do before quitting and then o may be of rendering them to himselC they to the house to nd the dinner "Gettinq born costs the peopld of the cold, and tha cook Soda eoii Tooth Acne A correspond- United States S220,G05,000 annually; getdiscouraged. Nothing is more to a tired woman than a tallo full of ting married, $250,000,000." Now for tho dirty dbhes or- - discovered that soda is a for tho consequents remedy who has the half-cooke- HOUSEHOLD HINTS. - . f- .. - d w - 1 . - . mm 1 am. A 1 IS ':i re-writi- ng jt in-jure- -T s) well-studi- ed lhftIjio; Kiecisi. 1 -- rc-mo- je . 1 n, --'X-i- - - , dish-artenin- g r expenses figures? 