WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1C8 - r : y- - manners, singing, dancing and a smattering gentle word,one expression of tender sol of some foreign tongue, besides tho lesson for her welfere, she brought into the of "sweet dependence;" aniso far from be- world this sweet bud of promise is not her L. L. D. ing urged to persuo those deep and salis- - own. - factory studies, sho is ridiculed, blamed and CONTINUED IN OUR NEXT. " even persecuted if she attempts it. Then her pampered brothers, ignoring all th is, TIGHT DBESSES. taunt her all her days with her "intellect u- iei-tu- al inferiority.,! "Oh, I should die; why. I am so weak I canH hold myself up when I loosen or take off my corsets." said a young married woman to us. : So you thinkryou could im prove upon God's plan of constructing the trunk of the body ? lie curiously adjusted balanced t lie machinery orilfd inside of By tho time they get only started on the stair of intellectual cultivation, she is ex pected, lAyhile l ho continues climbing, to abandon it forever, to don those jeweled handcuff, bracelets, those shining badges of sIaveryear-ring8toet- de . & bewiider&Im Success in Life. The men who commence their career under the most favorable auspices, andtho most flattering prospects of success, do not always obtain the eminence they seek. The race is not always to. the swift, nor LtheLbaUleJpJhostrong. There is a certain ordeal which all men must undergo in their passage through life; and it is ver. questionable whether he succeeds the best who commences under the most apparently ad vantageous circumstances. There is such a thing as a man depending too much upon his means, and too little upon himself small jceWaintieSj inias been observed, are often th e ru i n of man. Jameson. r"porfKe - - ' The very word implies a degradation, but, ' others flexible all clothed with flesh con- II. K. PAINTER, M. D. M . thanks to her careful education, fik dowv laminar vems, arteries and nerves. Even ELECTRIC PHYSICIAN. not know it; she is docile and does what is th e covering we call the s k i o is --more d el i Electricity administered, vr hen cases requrt. expected of her gracefully. For the sake cate and beautiful in its structure. than satin Office, East side of Second East Street, on and a hal of "that "fellow feeling which makes us or silk. But God's wisdom is nothing to blocks south of Theatre, gait Lake City. wonderous kind," I decline to mention the you Oh, no! you know best, of course! and numberless tricks and arts which she is therefore attempt to improve upon His M. B., taught and often uses to attract attention; plan 'by- putting ribs of bone and steel on the UJAIiY II. BARKER and look upon her again when she is "settled outside of this delicate network of pulsing Office opposite Old Constitution Buildinr, Main in life," a wife, a mother, the idol and sov- veins, throbbing arteries and flashing Street. Office hours 10 sC m. to 3 p. ra. : " ereign of some poor, subjugated man's heart nerves. Do you not lemember how the Chinese and life. In the first place, did wo not see her, we woman swathes, and wrap3, and binds up MRS. CARPENTER, should not recognize her as the same: be- - the feet of her daughter until she is corn- Physician and Surgeon, cause perhaps to evince her supremacy paratively crippled, and in our eyes, pain- at tbe Townsend House, Room. No. 60. she renounced her oWn name, at marriage, fully deformed? and now wears her husband's. However, Systematic compression of the foot or arm rather than have confusion in children's will not destroy life, but cripples the arm or : II. D I N WO ODE Y names, I am disposed to consent to that foot. The vital functions of life are carried sacrifice, even though, because of it, her on in the trunk of the body. The Jungs, father gave her less of his property than he " ver, heart and stomach are vital organs lias removed his Furniture from Main St. to his three did her brothers. Ho wishing to aggran- - When their vigor is impaired :l we are sick storey Brick Store on or ailing: when the fuuctionsof one Or more dize his name amoner his fellow men. The portion she did inherit, by virtue of of these organs cease we die. Compression FIRST SOUTH ST., BLOCK WEST OF COEKEK, lier marriage, became her husband's, and he of these is destructive of life, just in the is now "VV'here he U prepared to do a owner. but sole Now if this were reap- organs. You do not breathe naturally in a corset WHOLESALE AS WELL AS A RETAIL BUSINESS. rocal if that same ceremony placed her in of his property, it might, be en or tight waist. In natural respiration the possession J .t r any diaphragm contracts at "every inspiration, uuraoie, out even men l iau to see ' and forces the liver, stomach and bowels beauty in it ; 13ut that is not the case. He is owner of downward and outward this outward mo II. WALIiACK all during his life, and at his death, he may tion, and the vigor and tohe it gives to lias the Lett, large t and purest stock of confec- two4hirds of all his outside jnusclesyoiiliaveinaJarired e- givey by ' in possessions, leaving her only one third. gree, lor years prevented; nonce, wnen re tlonarj SaTtXate city7Tust1He place for ladies And even without a will, if he die childless leased from steel ribs, your i stomach feels to purchase. ma i uiu uvea luay, uutoming 10 law, 'Claim vi, tjjJiruiiuii,' ur uuiwaru two thirds of his property even if all were breath, the diaphragm relaxes, and the ab- NEW CLUB RATES. .r. hers before marriage or earned by her after dominal muscles contract forcing these or ' Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the "' - ' ' gans back to their former position; marraige; ' f the Publisher, to increase the circulation of And this is another rule which works Onlv keeping these Vital onrans in constant and ana aiam promoting we oDjecucon- one way. if she die first she may not bo- - perpetual motion. this. aear. little. me by making. it truly in queath even her one third. Some States thoughtless, woman, is the' reason you are templatcd in iu publication, or ot tbe Tiews tne women; or Utah, 8 us-h nwnwr h n Vn vnrv litnlv rapfl law fn vvftflk. ThiS is thn wav nnrl whv nn havA exponent tho effect that, a wifd mav beaueath her torpid liver and Killow skin.' ..This is the tftinTby them, read by them, .and iUrcolunins enriched wita n w1deiy circulated expression of their ; don't know third: T)rnviflpdfthR first cihLains hor ttitc- - reason vou ara debilitated.-an' thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so u r Band's wrtttW consent: whieh nmnuriis What to do with yourself, a to simplvthis: The law mildlv recommends I Motion and room to breathe , in are neces- - prepare ior iDcreas.ng m yaiueana imporwnceoi of the next. Tolume, the husband to jrive ' away certain property, sary to good digestion. ,; Yqu have gradu- - 5e. W: - , 'ri . -t- -tty" ; , . ! I soio-master-r- 1 CO-O- P. Oit J willf-to-othe- ' m ' rs ii ' ; 1 d t,! . Then again, her body, this very conve--J which sho inherited at her birth by the di- vine right of her humanity, is no longer hers. She may not use it as she pleases, but as he pleases: and rebellion against his supreme will In this matter is eo Beverely condemned by law. that many divorces have been granted to husbands on .this com plaint alone. Think of it,i dear sisters, your persons are not yours dui your nusDancrs; and so far from having exchanged your own ror tnelrs. they own both! themselves and pressed these vital organs back, until they iy copV a burlesque on a healthy woman, who runs over wan energy, ana cheerfulness, and 15 yi .V copies. 1 &s py V year4 upoftueclub geuer 1 ?I8C0 vith a copy, to the getter . ' - " .. ... 2G ' 00 year, with a copy to the getter up or tbe club and a framed steel engray-n- g, 12x16 inche.fi,, or President Brigham 's : Zi 00 Young, selling prTcef2 60 30 copi , 1 ear, with & copy to the getter j . up of the club, and a superior first preof, , neek,-sho- rt ' ' of Pregident-Brigha- m iteel"enrrsTinr sleeves. Place a large button every three You iz, ' handeoQielr framed, selllne 4S 00 . inches around the bottom of the waist, and prico hang every skirt and pair of drawers to this Clubs can b enmraenced at any time; and addinanes 'has the rst hat of waist Do not allow anything to be tieht tions can be made after ' " ' been senL you. '. i.. enough to make a crease, or print in the Mney can be remitted by registered lttr- at the : xui iiiui is not xne worst yer, ior sue is tied). - You will very soon recrain vicor and risk of the publishers.... r ' ; , a mpthcr. That beloved child whoso fragile bloom. "Journal of Ileal th." We hope ladies throughout the Territorr. especial- lire she nourished with' her own through Iy the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Becieties will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will conas the stitute Kotiiing is so tiresome ' to the busy themselves agents for the extension of the "" possibly without one ray of sympathy, one visits of the" idle. circulation f tie Expokxst. . - v health. prove yourself by your ivorks Repent burn up your- - wrsets. Of firm drilling mako short, loose fitting waists, high in the r- - 20 copiejj, 1 4 - . . ... : " ; , " - 