Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH," DECEMBER 1 5,7 1 8 74r 3. - : NOTES AND No. 11. less worthless, silly simpering womenmay, useful books, and instructing them in such if they, will, learn very valuable lessons : in things as will bo for their future benefit' ...... .,'. MEarlvillo not think that young minds :; ; The tresent terra of Congress ; opened self reliance andself-supporat Washington on the 7th Inst. President Transcript." aro satisfied with matters of practical impor- Gran tsent in an unusually lengthy message,1 tance. They are always , searching for so to bo but many subjects had amusement and if Wo do not give them presented A CHRISTMAS DIALOGUE, that woraan - suffrage" or the "Mormon something of their own they are apt to'soil -- ' questionlwere neither of them referred to. or destroy useful articles or things of more PracMrs. Mrs, Goodey. morning value than"; those "wbwould purchase?r j The proposition to grant .women "the tical. if not allowed amusement . at right. ofisuffrage, which was lately submit- ...V vs fill them,orJ Mrs. , Practical. home they are liable.to seek for It abroad. ted to themte Goode vo ou see. was lost. . But its defenders are not in the Mrs. P. I consider out door exercise espopping I a uur3.iG. for jYe3.T getting ;Iew things least awed In consequenee of this failure; a sential to a good constiluliori; and the" devel'ChrlstmajihohUdrcn-'&re'iiU-TlooklngfQopment pf a' vigorous correspondent to the "Woman's, Journal," neadf an article: upon the subject, "Defeated "Santa Clause!farid I thought I would get a our boys ;more mahlyj and hut daughters few things to please. them. 'z You have been strong and healthy but not Subdued." 7 ; l'':','ts.i;j ' on the same errand? in :i?4:r-ryc ox 1; Mrs v;Mrs.i & A ertain portion bf connected with ttfeprcss alloy Mrs. so; but P. there 'are Ye?, many erciso Is useful, but when our children aro ac says she loves her iKnart, 1 needed not that havo " present linerIndiana.; nlvJprvnUnn !lnr om 3pent my nut- frnm iinr!nr-7Mof businessr sowel Whatshe to for toys, but made it the occasion liable to firid suriprincipled associates who " can work sixteen hours out of the twenty-fou- r money at iti antlherwork does not seenv bur present them with.new; hats and.. dresses. fill their minds with -- profitless information. densome. jshe considers that Journalism is I thought it would make them Just as hap and lead them Into mischief ordaiiger.1 and serve a better purpose than buying do not know of any thing so deleterious, to especially woman's work, and that any wb py, man wno naturally takes to It . will succeed useless things.jrf ) growing, intelligence , A3 promlscous Jnter- not G. Mrs. coin Iam quite sure that I tourae with profane and, unprincipled comwhere most men4 would Utterly fillip Presi cide .DressMrs. with Practical. your view, the habits and. assilcia-panions, and I think uenc xoung entertains v mucn me same a i .'!i.n es aro nats and apuseiui and very tmngs, uave moro or lion oi cimuno'ju are apel opinions and has several times, illustrated 7bufc think Christmas a infliiAnfo .presents, thorn fnr propriate ii.t1 n fnr ovfip them from' the we can atuo muuuy ninsm rin In afterlife. women x widows and n home lor ro wn m a wru ji is not ai toge er, i i jx single way. Mrsi.P.rT True! Mrs. Goodey, I feel to re- has lately been opened in -- Philadelphia by rt"ulU8"'? ullW3 a, alizo the, Ibrce of your argument. The as giuu.ucui Jadies or the Presbyterian church Jn that sociations found in- the streets of our larn ci ty Ljvy oman may tbe regarded as a; worth-Jes- s morning well repay . us for the pains we ciue3 are ccrtainiynot of a high moral inconvenience by some of the unappro-- , have. taken to make. them happy. character, children, whaie'plastle'ralttds'are Mrs.-P- i ciative "sons of Adamt-an- d alas I it must Oh always make a practice of ever ready x to recel ve' impressions from bo acknowledged, sons of Eve, too but having something t6 please the children, fn those whoso society they aro thrown It since she has begun to comprehend how but times are hard and money scarce, and il to see the manners arid morals mo grieves much there is for her to do in the reform- think things of some practical value : will at present existing among thoso who should ing of the world, she ha3 gone to work with make them Just a3 happy,- and serve a bet- be patterns of propriety and shining lights a will and a purpose, and is accomplishing ter purpose. ; in the social circle. a vast amount of good. Mrs. G. That may be so,. but littlo hands -'t il - . IwJU.be" busv:and little feet are tnrnin i in t irs; fir' 'fti ;;unnK many or us are too r- it J twu aoraes wun Tecrards tn women were honored and respected equally not find it indoors they are apt to the influence that is thrown around pur if-- theydo owl"TT. considered were children. should everJ cultivate a wiinmen, . . 0 Mothers . rt names, 1 turn out for it 1 believe in; making homo auite as worthv of notice: and their happy.-Itahoulsinvo bo the brierhtest and most -j-w- i:i' ; . '; ' t : t to f counteract 'i" out- i Influence the grosser of to nrecede those of the gentlemen as other- - cneenui piace; n noi our cnimren are naDie jrurcuta onumu rememoer mat to seek companionship among those wHn uuul cniiuren ioqk io mem as ine nignest type of more indulgent parents, culture is also said to have been' fairlv havo ' Aceueuuts. a iuar ioo many parents are in T hoiiAVA in inrfnitriiW claimed by the race; These two statements iri Mm t cf the habit of using rough and even'profano Avpvh?na.thf t r,irW fnr hang together well, and may be regarded as n their family intercourse; a prac- another evidence in favor of equal rights good. I try hard to clothe and educate them ianSau and fit thomfor a useful sphere In Ico wbicht specially An mothers cannot bo sultably, to men women. and extended being life. I beliove there is no one who thinks too severely censured. A mother has the first Impressions to make in trainincr the frina mro. nf KorSMMrnn if are rnake them comfortable and happy,-buI do younff minds, and PBAOTCAL WMA'S 4 :L, not think thrtttftvn and sweetmeats conduce I9wand rough, what lessons in after life can eradicate them; unless,., indeed, they are we nave round a woman's rignts woman to their health or assist in makingr them to despise thuso whom nature calls them t,o 7 in a practical sense, one who puts into prac better men and women. , , v reverence and respect? tice the theories of the strong-mindewith Mrs. Q. ' As far. as health Is concerned, Mrs. P. That Is certainly , a crying evil a strong purpose. We refer toMrs. Bower I do not think sweetmeats arc of any especial of Ottawa. Left a widow with two small benefit; but the young appetite craves such among us, and when profanity and' disrechildren on her handsj she at once concluded things and under present circumstances it is spect are permitted at home, wo need not that it spreads like an ulcer to take care of them and herself. She en- difficult to withhold them. ' I think It as be surprised ' and contaminates wherever It eocs.. I gaged in selling musical Instruments and In well for parents to furnish a moderate think myself that children carry with them 'the short space of four years has established amount" as for children to take other means a business of twenty thousand dollars a year. of procuring, them, but children aro apt to through life more or less tho Infldence of She has never allowed a note to go to.pro-teimpo'rtanco to plcturo-booull n is Dctter, per or failed to. pay promptly all 't her llabilU and playthings brought to them at "Christ set-- cniiuisn amusement little-timand means in ties. She employs four men with teams and mas time;, and. I think the. care of such haps to spend a their tastes than to permit them to ttigons'wuicii sne own?, 10 sen luairuLnenis. things often teach them lessons :that 'prove pleasing go where they are In danger of contamina' She has lately added sewing machines to beneficial to them In after life. her stock. She buys in all eases for cash, and Mrs. P.; I try to teach my children hab ting their young mind;. 1 shall reflect on sells nothing on commission. Her business its of industry, and as last as they are old your suggestions. Mrs. Goodey,- and: perhaps now affords a profit of $1,000 per year above enough to understand their import I take profit by them. Good day. M. J. T. expenses. Hero i3 a woman of whom nerve- - pleasure In supplying them with good and . Pnovo. ; ? . NEWS. . - r v - MrsrGIlo t. f . i ",''' i w , b-- : n . r - otit-do- or -- i' : 'y-r;p- r,. t '"stand"'!!'': iq ai-e- vil .. '' ' '": ,. , 1 , , - . , , ' rI - ' : ! , , - -- .V-- " ineir-opinion- ( - s .n L'- -' . V . : i- 4 tv -- 1 those-Impression- t s d, . st attoKW ks l tl . e, , . . . 