W O M AN ' S E X PO N E N. T. 188 ' SPLINTERS.- I day hugging and kissing, I don't believe trious people, others were so blinded by their you could protest against the pictures, my own1 selfish viewspmu their fears of loosing Boydtown, Va,, has a colored postmistress, friend; for to me, at least, it is well worth property which the Lord had loaned them for Mrs. Eliza- the pried of the paper' to watch the brown no one was really the owner, though he might hrr namais Mary-- - Jones beth C. Norris Is Assistant Register 7of eyes sparkle and see the eagerness with be the possessor of wealth that the Order could Djed3 in Barnstable.. .y. It is estimated that which these same pictures are greeted by not then be establishe But now, it would e the Patrons of Husbandry saved nearly six the little baby of our house- million dollars by purchasing hortations had been offered to the Saints hst yearTTMrrRrB. Forbes suggests calm -- JSuppo3eTQUJouIdu, tj et the children paratory to their receiving this nciple. preprj They ing the sea by means of oil; the idea is said have your papers for fear they woulaTsoil had gone as far as it was possible for them to go to have originated with Benjamin Franklin, them. Well, I let my little babv iriri look who saw the effects produced by the acci- at them all she likes. That is, I show the in patterning: after the vain fashions of the dental upsetting of a barrel of oil while pictures to her and talk about them: and she world, and still stand as a distinct community. loves and pets them as if they were really Now, those who were desirous of serving God, crossing -- theAtIanticlMrk M -real. The only harm my papers receive is must turn round and pursue a different course. SklitorrwaaiihaQundeof - the a slightly worn look where her Javorite pie- - Babylon would fall, and the Saints must be ..'fWiscpusinarmer,! for publishedMh iiRrfisariiiApu-- mis on rjiojv precious prepared it by having become a selIusfamwould these finger marks be to raVshouId ing peopleNearly every ccntly died at his home near Bes Moines Ten or twelvo young men in Louisiana have those dear little fingers be laid away lifeless be produced in Utah and, as for many of the placed themselves: under the supervision of and still, where I never more on earth luxuries towhich" the people had become haba competent many and have secured . land, could feel their velvet touch. ituated, they would be healthier and happier I : teams,seed and raplcments necessary for I think it Is no harm to encourage a love without them. One great object to be attained carrying on the farmlngBusiness, which of pictures in a child pretty, innocent pic- - was to get the people to understand the laws of they intend to., learn.. A" proposition has tures. You will be repaid, believe me, in life, and the principles by which health and been made for theconstruction of a railway days to come, if you live, by seeing the lit- - longevity may be prompted. from Naples to the crater of Mount Versu- - tie minds grow up with a refined, cultivated There were among the Latter-daSaints, just , i a i u 1. . nnn Dman. if n W3 . .:...t- i aniornia.' uninamen are now rasie loran mat is npaiititni viu3.........m n0 j.,..s.i.-UU3JUCS3 UlcU auU lUCCuUil9 Ul itli A1UU3 gWU as employed draught animals... ...... J oseph their early years you call forth such a taste a8 could be found in any part of the'world. It was Arch contemplates coming to America in by teaching them to love what is pretty and not for such a community is reporfenhat at andnaTOund puTennaturendelsewhere. LIt.N Y. to ui uiuvu auu MWtv vuiii ihm-ii m rained brimstone it the Hernando, Miss., nothings It should produce and manufacture A history of American curother day naore than it could consume, that it might have rency Is soon to be published by Prof. Sum- THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. something to sell,- instead of buying. j; To ner, of Yale College.. ....Only three'dollars' bring school teachers from other places are quite worth of damage was done last year by the 1. GSEENE BICHAEDS, EDITOK. unnecessary, as there .were young peoplefiere, well behaved students of Michigan College who were naturally adapted to that calling; and ......Patrons of Husbandry, it is said, are disapproved of by the Archbishop of San Franin Salt Lake Ciiv. T7t?u Trmi! Published copy one yeart $2; one copy, six months, $1. Ton copies study, and also displayed a power for governing cisco, and the sentiment is reciprocated...... One for f nine. Adrertisinr rates: Each isouare. eii?ht u i n' ones Claflin of Massachusetts is go. linestheof price m a proi)er manner, mey were ine viuwa nonpareil space, one time, $2; per moi th, $3. 7 General Agents, ast Temple rtreet, to Reject for the future school - teachers. Books ing into the shoe manufacturing business in bait LakeeIkCity.1,a"erson, Aiins Cornelia IT. Horne. Busineie fanaeerr- - Off r. . Wr New Hampshire The French Prince ImCould also be made bv the TJeODle of the Terri- from to 12 a, m., and from 2tao -p. m.. on- Mondavs, an i " perial is said to look like his .mother,.,.,;,;, Fridays. tory, which would be far more advantageous to" business Addresa all communications to Governor Ames of Mississippi has become them than sending for those manufactured Publisher Woman's Exposkst. for abroad The work- of tvne settinsr. and much popular having dispensed with wine at Salt Lake City, Utah. ',.'-the printing business belonged his late reception.. ... .The vvig which Lord connected with Brougham wore when he was Lord . Chaniq me women; ana it was tne design or me au SALT LAKE CITY. May 15, 1874. cellor of England, was found among the thorities of the Church, to have an "extensive many rare curiosities owned by the late establishment prepared for the purpose of giv Senator Sumner.. ...The of Naples CONFERENCE ITEMS. ing employment to vWpmcu and girls who " lost with his throne, tho possession of four of learning and following such pur- splendid palaces, and now he lives in a humAnother general Conferee ouitSi The eflbrt Which the ladies had ahead v ble dwelling near Paris Texas, with all made in that direction, as well as the great .Kansas nrints nno bnndrorl nnrl P.Vhtoon feld in this tity; and again, as ever before on amount of good they had accomplished in ma A Wivmin il nrvmon 6uch occasions, has the,Spirit and power of God ny other respects, were highly commendable. newaranpn; wants to learn something about this "crema- - been 'richly poured out upon His Servants in and significant of what they were iikeJy to per- 1 cuura,uia iW i"uiui"j oiiuiuiaio auu jn- - iuiui.wuvuiu ysiession 01 greater aavaniages tion" (burning of the dead) business....... A and opportunities. The experience of the past new disease called "the pink eye," has an- - struct the people. peared among the horses In New York and From the many timely subjects treated upon also plainly showed that without the co opera Brooklin. The discharge in this case is from by the various speakers during the Conference, tion of the women of a community, the pro- tha eyes instead of the nose as in cases of We "design selectingajna connecting a few,which gress of the men would amount to but very lit- epizootic, and for a time the horse afflicted may be .considered -- of most Importance to bo tie Great willingness was unanimously manifes is quite blind A report from the Russian kept in memory, hoping that some good to our So-to not 1 readers may be the result. those who ted on the part of the people, to comply with If Manufacturing and Trade or 13 tne construction of a enjoyed tbe great privilege of listening to the the counsels given and the requisitions made. in lavor ciety, railroad line between Russia and China, teaching civen. at least to The music of the Tabernacle choir duiinir w and exhortations w Siberia. so not were some who through Conference was appropriately chosen, well rer.' highly favored. I movement an increase of unity formed, and in all respects, very excellent. lor The grand as matter a In of course, the At the close of the Conference, which the church, was, 7 PLEA FOR PICTURES. theme discoursed upon. A t the open- - tiued four day?, President Younc thanked the ug vy uju vumwcuic, xicaiucuu x uuug inaue uiuwcians ior me part thevnad takpn. ihn Tl mnnv n?nti,roo)) tiT o had prayed, those who. had spoken, ever you are making such an assertion I a request that the Elders who should speak ders-whto would their 8 expression feelings and also the people for coming together, andblest meet It with a most emphatic no, sir! 'if tne "united .order," -- And them all. After which he adjourned the Con- you had a pair of bright eyes in your house- - vlews concerning hold, like.the ones, that make sunshine in much which was caicuiated toinrormthe mlnds ference till the 6th day of next October. voice full of baby antJ strengthen tbeconfidence ofthe Saints up- mine, and a TO FRIENDS AND SUBSCRIBERS. on mis suojectwas FpoKen. sweetness asking "So pltters, mamma,'7 If the kitten in your Rural bore such un- - Allusions were made to the Latter-daWork We designed giving in this Issue a new-limistakablo marks of petting and smoothing in early times; when the Lord gave the law the wrong way, by fat dimpled fingers, as and would have instituted among His Saints of club and subscription rates for the coming mine does, and the little baby standing on the Order of Zion. But while some could com- - year. But not having yet been able to desirable arrangements, we are tho table (in the paper of Jan. 10th,) had prehead tli benefits and blessings which would to defer It until our next number. Our obliged his dress rumpled and his pouting lips certainly prove the results of a of unity terms therefore continue the eame a bpfnrn will mojstened as results of an every- - pose and action among a virtuous and indus-- until further notice. J - E. 'co-operati- l- Ikkuu wide-awak- - nnntin,riUU. ve , - .liecitfQuld ( : " , a - A Z KT 1. X - T I A A w - aw 1 - y - m . , 1 JuheIt .ri iLk,, -- w - "-'"-Z semi-monthl- y, : Ex-Govern- or n... - D ft ex-Ki- I - i - ng Mere-desiro- us ; Co-operati- ve8 - , , con-princi- pal ; w two-year-o-ld y st com-pleteso- pur-somew- hat me 