resworn .PEN AND SCISSORS, OoMrosmox by a- - little i shoulder, and ideep eontraltonoice thun dered in his ear: "Young man, you look as DIVERSIONS,- - i i boySubject tViAiitrYt Wjtii imn f n rrt u-nnt- wl frw ;:Wnn't Tocnc! come, to Jesus?". Whereupon ho was span .oft trucK struck all of a: heap, as it were, and stani t of: drawers---- A raered: "I would I want-r-this, I should , iiprseAxr like to go, you , know, but not this evening, , Fo bt Y Iowa schoblma'ams cbuldri' t tell s r feuEE to produce short crops The barber's thankymi; 1 have an engagement. V ::p- ,: j what an abstract question"1 was,; but every; shears. .... . .t .... i i i one of.them understood the meaning' of pop V WiiEX does a chair dislike you? When A: little Troy boy,' .who Was "worrying; the question.' it can't bear you. , of shad at dinner lately, demor- - V over a A YOlJXG country girl of Bethel, Pennsylis 'an industrious ivoman like a aiized piece Why his mother by. vania, is making for, herself a pretty little clock?.: Because her hands i are incessantly bones to' make where did .God find all the fortune by raising jpoultry. Last year 'she at work. : i ' ' n i . K , the first shad of?" cleared $330, after paying all expenses, and ' a to If Uptakes a man two days make, mis year she expects to do better yet. : : post-hol- e in bioken ground, how Jong will it Woman's inferiority. The young women tike b im t o make a broken post wrhol e ? h: who graduated at Ann Arbor along with ' town?" I lias removed his. Furniture from Main St. to his. three- tne boys, tnough they behaved better, stud- - 1 "ARE ; there: any fools in : . is. storey Brick $tore on v ied as well, and shared the honors, couldn't T -. loneknow," replied Jhq boy; ,"are, you BLOCK' HrEST OF FIKST SOUTH ST., CORNER, gmokeHho class pipe.' some?".-- , i :. That "Work is Worship' has long been The mayor of a Portugese city once enu - t - r "Where- he is prepared to do aJ an axiom with manyy but hero is an exom- the marks by which the WHOLESALE AS WELL AS A RETAIL BUSINESS. merated, among " vc bodvof a drowned manmiffht be identi- r Journal says that the famineuias prx)ducedf "'irnrJit a reformer in the person of Pundit AjoodaIi "Have you-g- ot a little. Indlank there?" ff. WALLACifl Pbasib, who has succeeded in teaching the I said, the . engineer, as ; we passed fyovmg ; Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec- Hindoos thatwork is worshipsHe him-- 1 squaw with a pappoose, standing at a depot . I uonarv m Salt Lake city." js . "vr 'i i ji i'"is r Justlbe place for a of hteh asfp. and hns practical example by working steadily with swered; halt jnjuri, half Injuneer., '. : to purchase. a pIckaxeandhoe.RX j ' ; "Brethbe' said a young Quaker lately : Managinq a Horse. Never whip your married,' 1 have married a daughter of the DOCTOll CEOCKWELL: ! . horse for becoming frightened at any object Lord!" "Ye have, eh!" ejaculated Ian the for sees he if a by roadside; stump, a Irishman. "It'll bo a long time before ye'll Has had nearly it) years experience in the treatment of lofir or a hean of tan bark; In tho rnnri ;nrl boo vor fnfhorJnJoTO female diseases making- their complaints a speciality.: He f 4'7-Twhile he is eveincr It carefullv and ahnnt tn iiJiu . guarantees safe easy and speedy relief in; perilous casesi uru ur t iruut, without my unpleasant and dangerous use,! of instrument, it. 14 pass you Strike him With the whin it yJiold gentleman to a young but withthe " an irascible cried herbs. simple the log, or the stump, or the tan that I mAtl nrhm . m 4 n i n fa ''am Kin wlnnrv His remedies fill the nuptial couch with blis3i surrounds is hurting him . oi way ' i . r: joyous ones and prevents their untimely ad- ' ... ' ruasoninffanaii'jj Iff Mil IV n!IV. - I Ulill Willi LILLPn V; SJ IHIH'PlI nilTl I1V ' .it the next time 1no- wui.aci " more i ft. Z? vent. irierMened 1 n wantsjocaicn yourroucr 'm Give him time to examine and smell of an numerous patrons fojth .last W years these objects rand iisetho war bridle to assist Residence near the street car track, 9th Ward, Fourth youm bringing him carefully to these 6b- - ."That dog of yours flew at me this morn Ea8tSfc, Salt Lake City. ject5 of fear. Bring aUbjectSjif pcfesifcle; ingiind bit me on the leg, and I notify you to his nose, and let him sinell of them, and that I intend to shoot it the first time I see men you can commence to gentle him with it." "The dog is not mad."- "MadJIJinow CLUB EiiTES. mem. he's not mad. ' What has he got to be mad ahout? at's l that am mad." Th pnp.nTTv Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the "The Horse.", i, "The.horso is a very useful on each coi animal; it has four legsr-o- no ? i A-(pa- ir : , ; s at 1 . . . '.,"?.; v.---.- " - : i . '.'-- - ' -' r . 5 : askingr--"Mamm- a, . ! dinwotjitky , ; ZW TrT - ", CO-O- P. ! -- - ""nl"rX",l - -- -- f" " - t- t " - , - 1 titi J Mu-uin- : g - "rrtJ K --k -3-- 7;,:iT W 1 I thath i-v- .Hetohb ; . - 4itiA tfio; Cha?todbh7aundiu era eas, irom .ueyion to ,Japan; which ' his UABBJJEa, 'part ofrthe Pttblishers, 'tq! Increase the circulation of the Eiposekt- - and lai! in.promoting the jobjectson tern- plated In Its publlcaUon, by making it truly anexpoTJ ncnt of the yiers of the women of Utah, sustained by : them, read by them, and 'its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, ve offer. 7 the folIorriDg liberal terms, to; clubs for tho"prescntyol- - J just darned to' a cures its.;prey bymeans of an instrument maiden iauy,who contemptuously remarkedj like tho blow-pip- e used by "mischievous jPxeity "good for ;a man, darner' WhereBchool-boy- s for projecting peas and other upon Squabbtes TTmark means of torment. The nose of the 'fish is for a w;6mandarn her7" a kind of beak, through which" ho has the enough v. : ,,...i s; a broom, nmej v..; ' power of propelling, a drop of water' with it AONQ'rthe gifts of a bride-wa- ' 10 copies; 1 year it i Ch a copy to the getter up of force enough to disable a fly preparatory to withhe fbllowingr? theciub. u 00 ... "This trifling giffc accept of me; i ti 15, copies, swallowing it; His aim is accurate; and he :i 1 year, yitlr a copy to the getter of np ;; Its uso I would commend J tU rarely misses his object.4 The unsuspecting the club, 20 00 ;.- ; In sunshine use ihe brushy part, .f? i 20 copies, 1 year,1 with a copy to the ffetter up of fly sits on a spray of weed, a twig, or a tuft I r, the clan, and 4 framed steel engraving 12 x 10 of grass, near tho water, pluming himself in 1' In stormsyhe other end." , inches, of President Brigham Young, sellinff the warm rays of tho sun.J Tbo fish cauvi OD'8 pauence wasn't a circumstance xo St 00 tiously places himself under the fly, stealth- that of an, American judge, who4 listened 20 copies, 1 year, ultha copy to (he getter up of ' rv.:i the club, and a superior first broof steel rn ; v r ily projects his tube from the water, takes a :tAnii,. . m j r. wi. of.l'residcnt Brigham XouDcr, hand- ,t... grtTing sure aim, and lets fly. Down drops the litwTordy, lawyers, (contended about, the eon- - . somely framed, selling price n - 43 00 tle Innocent to be swallowed by tho fiih. :: struction or an Act of ' v . .'" the legislature, and n, . , any lime, and addiUon. , then endcid jtho controversv by quietly . re. Gentlemen; the .. lav, is repealed.'! AYoman'3 PROGRESiOne bf the most marking, ihould notify us f their Intentions : we NoTillNO. said- ari impatient husband. ? that can credit them trlth all namca' Een'tln. remarkaUo. features of the new Illinois law remindsme of Balaam andt his ass as two give the name and residence of"cachsuiK' concerning married women is the authorization of icivil suits between husband .and women stopping in churcli and obstructing Knbcr, P11 and correctly written,' with the time "WcHpUon Is to commence, ahd wlicthcV for wife. A married woman may do business the ' Way, ' to f itidulgo in i their everlasting wbcn orhaif year. :r:-r;;;;on hcr nwa. account, withthe samo talk.": "But you my returned forget, dear," rights the risk; and liabilities as if she were unmarried, ex- the Wife,' meekly, "that1 it Hvas the ann-PMonecan.rcmIttcayTegIscdJettclit ' toe " ' loi publishers. cept as to parterncrship business, which sho yho stopped tho way, and 'Balaam: and his 'Subscribers deElrhjg the" address changed from one cannot enter without her husbands consent, ass who complained of it." vt " "WJ V UUUJU KUU ' U lUt,U tUllUVl BO unless ho is idiotic or insane, has abandoned : i ; !j v,i The other night a weak-eye- d their new address.1 jr was si or descrtel her, or is confined in the boy ' Ji We peniin Tertl thatragcnU and ladies throughout the ting, Ames', church, wholly' forgetful Of tentiary. hla tor7' rresidents and omcers of Relief Socle-- .. :c8PccianJ surroundlngsj and 16stIn beatific con- , 'G j templation bf a certain young woman! touch- - Uc8wla kld M b7ctUng up dubs; by bringing the Prefer diligence before idleness, unless Ing and, Whom ho, Cherished' Violent 'dMlinq wra,AroQtP thenoticeof you esteem rust before brightness. Plata . ln3ocnco ,to increase its circu when suddenly a hand . was' laid upon his useful se- stockings, which he had rrr. 3 - - .- , s . , . ? ,,. ?;.-.:- i s r -- - - . - : . ; ? ' , t 4 , tJlZ j - TTfu Pr . . ; l -- 1 . '. $m - . - ; ' . ul" i , 1 C " O I , non-subscribe- rs - ( 