i ' 0 v . EX PON EN T W O M A N!S 42 : i THE BLESSINGS OF TO-DA- an exaltation in the Celestial King unite lis; teach us to love one an dom other and cease to ao evii.ana to ennooie ana fi t us lor EternityX,- -v, u: - f President Mary' Ann P. Marshall, Secretary. us' for Y. o .Stt-angC- we never prize tho music t , bird are flown Till tho Bwect-volcStraniro that we should slight tho violets, ' Till the lovely flowers are gone; Strange that summer skies and sunshine so fahy Never geem one-ha- lf " As when winter's gnewy pinions; ' V , Shake the white down In the air." cd ' . L YnA-HENRiE, i began ' , I$ye,f-.whb- a. few her'; work years ago on a capital of $3750, has helped 178 governesses to emigaate to the British colonies, where they have all,mai nly through her eflbrts,found employment. She has put 1500 English women into good places as do" mestics in Australia and New Zealand. Sho liaspersonalIytakento Canada, and. placed in respectable families 1200 children Through n. ' nnmmnnieation from Mill of the IiOndon streets. Nine-t- e nths of them w Creek, in this county, we learn that the Re rivlc ffTlit JI1 f Ami 4li aim rtAnnfilnf VACO v : jyparffpm which the seal of sciencei , None hut God can roll away, ' ' Never hlossomed of such beauty, , "- As adorns the mouth " .And sweet words that freight our memory,'" With their beautiful perfume, ! t! y ! f - Come to. us In sweeter Gcceata,- -. ; Through Jhe rrtalof-thetombj1-J Xe t us gather up the t nabeams ; : Lying all around our path; - Let us keep the wheat and roses, , Casting out the thorns and ehaff: : Let us find our sweetest comfort, , ' the blessings of the day, n ' With a patient hand removing '. r ' All the briers from our way. , : -M- 4 Miss V ', , A to-da- y; .0 , 1 Park, Counselors; i Mrs. poor girls. Horace Miller. v Treasurer: ; ;MrsCr Christina MrilerlmTrarfs m ries.? At an Interesting rneetine' held rthere a number of visitors were "presen t i nciua- in ef Miss E. R. SnoWr-Hrs.- 1 ih ZYouhsr, Mrs; J sarnvvvv i a a mn E. Howard, MrsH.3rinton and Bro. Wm. CalifomiiL. or xoune'. All ,tne omcers, ;ana members ... San Francisco lias given $20,000" to th e wcro also, present. A Relief the. Society j Young Jjodies'. Retrenchment Association . 4 m r n J ai it ius. viv uiguuiicu nri iUlClllUAJi'S WOOl Clip IMS niiu t iixisa. y uau axcim year Will JVlrs.. :' " : . : bkxtga.- iimount to G,000,00a pounds. R. S. REPORTS. president, ..wim.six counselors;. - ; . . fet Snencer. SuDerintendent and Miss "Linda members 27th. North, Secretary. . Seventy-fou- r ficiate.1 as brIdesma1(I:.twC;nty.two .times. . . Paris, Bear Lake Valley, July ' tho Association. , , :' ; joined , Dear Editor Exponent; ; Although; you hear but little from the astonished her husband by presentinj? him Relief. Society of this place, we are still witn xiiii; HiiiA. alive;,' and though wo do not make a big noise, our V course ; is on ward; ; and by ;the t springOO Miss .Whately has organized IaWe schools iMAN.ins Neb,r ka we intend it shall con help or our ' Jbatlier, 11 om liOUS 01 ' for MohfimmWLn chfldrpn Hniro ' mapie trees planted sirup, tinuoso. " c .. ,' nine 62 i years ago. A special meeting of the sisters of this Florence Nightingale and Harriet Mar? ;The total expenditure of the Government place was called on the 19th inst, as we had uneau are among 18.000 English women ibr'the fiscal year4 end in of June 30 j 1874 the pleasure ot a visit from Mrs. Mary I. petitioners for the right of Suffrage. , Hambuhtdd to' $287,133,873.17:; Home. On account of such a short notice, Mrs. to has climbed Foster the summit of there were not; as many ; assembled as if H The city of Springfield. Mass., has a con the greatest altitude ever at- science had been more widely circulated, but those Popocatapetl, fund; Only jone.strieken individual; - v ; , present .were extremely attentive, deeply tained bv, a woman.1 contributed to it, to the amount interested and appreciated Sister Home's A young Japanese : lady. wW is beinW howeyerhas oi twenty aoiiars. V .1 kind, words of counsel and comfort, which educated at Gecrffetowri, jreceivedf6ur!first 1 vJMwAn-A nineteen": Yictoryi VVt-;JoswilLwithoutdoubt.be lastingly remembered: premiums at the Commencement a'fe w days lamb . out of:a flock; of "twenty-seven. We were also favored with the presence of ago. by .... TFAshinc i h m in, i snlnfinn nf rcnm'i ana wno .uisnops xuuge iiorne, Encouraged the Society to press forward, and bore their jmks. aauio u isaiiou.nas received letters destrnv tho shoon tiVtj uwuu.v 1UU4 ouiwjliu vmuu ;lUjUlulco Ui testimonies to the truth of this Work; An y; or refined beef .suet a Oregon 'Penitentiary for: the cheering PofpARiNE excellent spirit prevailed, and the Society the words spoken by her during a recent visit to fubstute foributterhas :beeu:. quoted in the London market at from 100 to 110 shill- - i : Tho , ever jnimorable 2jthfdanq'jh?6 the institution : ; ings per hundred weight-t. people or this place well" prepared To enjoy n the BostoV tho day. There were the usual firing of Ratcliff, England. It i3 one of the .best. and r7TN"the r"reign-p- f ue'Aji - guns, hoisting of the "stars and stripes.etc. nas served i as a mpdeiiibr; xhany,a: rjLlis3 lKewsi'elter;VjW .And A t ' Wr I n tpd hn f. ...... In America'. published ; A procession under the direction of 4he : : uuu t . ..... .. v. a manaseu j i upuuuu cofflumeu ' vwijcmua ; : : Martial, marphed to the Social Hall where clubr:readingiroom and lecturofcourse ifor , f i Missoubi lias singing by the Sunday School Choir, music costermongers. ;coaiin:. 3 j counties, ron inthe Brass by Band, speeches, by Pres. Chas. in 51, un&lnjl!!; tin in.O, copper in A wosian is to have the honor of furnish. C. .Rich and Bishop Budge, recitations: iug the desicrn for l)r. Livingstone's statue- - 2XP rnarblq in songs and toasts followed each other in their The foreign and other ; useful- - .minerals h distributed about that report exchanges order.. ,. $1000 have been subscribed to the fund througnout the State. We all feel interested in the progress of ing in Edinburgh 'for "the statue of the rais iAittiXi late JI ThW a cii '4nnU& the Exponent and are greatly pleased with JDr.Livingstone. i Tho design accepted; for hoppers It consistahin firing alP th6 old- -i ; its advancement. 7 Accept.-ou- r success of the statue is that of Mrs. Hill sister of Sir straw; sticks, and stubble at hand,, on.a day i your In teresting and valuable paper and may Noel Paton. : ,- rwhen tho .wind will drive the smoke through: the spirit of God be with you continually to infested, j3ythem.3 , props! have ibeeiil: ! Miss Richards has vdrv : assist you in all your good efforts.. successmlly coi ana 11 m3y bG the Tclief so eluded at Stapletowri near Bristol Enelarid.M P?-Alice A Margetts, Secretary F?y I ;; ror, C; h4,:: the feat of walking one thousand miles; in wnffiooKea The Relief Society of, tho town of, Pan- - one thousand consecutive hours.. Wrh en she statistical The reporVto'tlio State SuncTay; oh tho ari: 18th was School Convention'' of began.' at llnrtih May; 'application guitch organized December J 0th, a 873; was to made r it now numbers seventy-eigthe magistrates- to interfere,1 shows the following for the past yedr. Total members and was but it , is prOfiTCSsins' verv fivnr.ihlv on the trrotiiid tlmt number of ftohnTq no unsuccessful, Tf a nn ofA ra. v- ;t .. HW f1r no ,t j vuiuiucui'iui was Woman a red f hnmW til ganization from God, and a3 suejrwo feel a s pleasure, in being numbered with the Soci-ct- y hero in Panguitch, though t: is onlyi smau urancn, ns it were, just, putting forth ; its 0m leaves.; rThe great design of this pupils, whom she has taught to wwiv.w uu oou ana instruct one an support, themselves. They maintain J the other: .to lift im nnd not null ilmvn fm institution that gives them a home, an edu- - A rort.: those who mnum? lipln ' ihn little bov of .five vears. drpsspn.in iiU ; uuuuu onuj an occupation. teach each other how to live, bo industrious co3b $,pop. a year.:. This :vcrk of a ppor, mother's triced "iLnmim-'ianu set an example, of neatness andmiPfw hfc; vviAiiJaxuu iwiin wish of pause, you naa.putftaiIs..fo. i; this worthy imitation; to help us Improve the rtntT or Ttne marvels hisfnrv rrvnrrTa r-x fi n,o,rn coat; xuaiu ,r;;;;i , www iiautcutt- uiu L'iKii liinsn rrnnd uo fiiuu us; it) fifin nrnmrn wrought bv blind men. " many years.' There was silence for a'jpace. Elizabeth Mrs.'-'- : f . - hn . ?v-7;ir:- L-iI- T " ,: - r-- -- - - . , J , . - . :' -- . I - t- - m I 1 L w I w- mm W A.m.. . . I- -- . -. T- - . " s ? ; ; ! . . , " ..--- . .- - . - 1 A ' , . -- ; ; . " 'HxisHiltOtt-habuiUD-ftvurWa- : " u.i.r,T : . WPH - 4H,-iea- a f ; ; : i : fis . 1 3 trtw rn-.- ; . "; " ht -- I i , ; - nnt. ; i . rr ! x .a - - -i- -- " i 