aw, Z. : ' ; :: - ' , V . t ' - H NOTES AND NEWS. ; thinks tho Republican party may recover their Jost position by judicious proceedings If the ; success of the Democrats should Jbe thq causei of honest and judicious governmental proceedings it - ; t will have done great good. Tira SuPEEME court of tbe United States 7has rendered; a decision to he effect that . i ho legislative- - act, -- giving r chancery and l common la w jurisdiction to : the; probatetli courts of this Territory; Is inconsistent! the organic act of the Territory which limited and defined the power of such courts, id.Another "longTcon-teste- d aridis therefore "?; ; question settled. tnE LAPY to whom P. T. Barhum, Esq;, the great showman, :was married Jn Dr; Cfiipia'3 Church, September 16th, is a daughter of a retired Cancashife: manufac; - turer, ofwhomlMrV BaVniim Jbas Jmade pleasant mention in his autobiography under the head of an Enterprising .Englishman. This is Mr. John Fish, to whom and to ZwboseC family r Mr .Barnura has Iongvbeen tknown. The manager is now1 only, taking MrllGfreeley 's ad vico of yeare ago, when the Museum was burned down; to go a fishing. He has now caught a fish 30 years old, and 5 r :t weighing about 140 pounds. The Lakeside (Mich.) Register, of Oct, 7 tb, In a noticelof Miss Susan B. An thony's ; address at Muskegon, says: estab"Propositions were laid down and lished, arguments advanced and proven by fact and illustration, and the American love of justice and right so appealed to, that the probably n6t; half a dozen persons leftclose room withoui being convinced, at the of the meeting that women are a3 much entitled as men to'; the elective franchise. , is to be regretted that the canvass for Imbegun and partial Suraffge was notsooner more vigorously pressed. : Had speeches in its favor been made in every school district of the State, the proposition would carry in November by an overwhelming majority. As it is, let the friends of the cause in this they can to roll up a city and county do all heavy Vote on the" 3rd Jday of:N6vemfcr,v so sort of uso to be in a hurry. We fellow who was always in a hurry, that T wasn't always behindhand. the world, for They are prdverbial, all over bringing nothing at all to pass.doesHurry, it all 8kurry, bluster, splatter what all. If you amount to?. Just nothing at be should as want to accomplish anything it done, you must go about it coolly, moder- It jts fum- blingspluttering, will do no goodAro not in great the; least but may do harm, a works of great men done in hurry? By no means. They are the legiUmate produce of time and patience the result of slow, - - solid developement. Nothing ought to be done in a hurry.. It is contrary to nature, right, justice, and common sense. atYour all man of hurry is no sort of character worthy of imitation. ,Alway3 in confusion,and unjointloose at every ed, blowing, and pufflng hero and4hexe, but never ccomnlish- , VUUiW, . point,-unhinge- , w.-- w d ---- --- ,; ......i.l-'..- . " . ......... t , ,,11,.... W 1 - I'' ' . . K . 11 : . . ... .... I ' I-- r - ' i 'No. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEHBEIl 1,1871. 'iv Hurrying, fretting, ' . ' I Peesiient Grant - V. - - ately, faithfully. - r '- ; ........ ,., .......... V Li t ' ...I " Voi":3.- Lil 13. to benefit himself or the which sho referred to her early struggles, that saying that her necessities taught her ' to'succeed she must be in earnest. was Ak interesting1 'habeas corpusV'caso Miss Anna Snow wasr just getting up to tried before Judge Leland at Ottawa, Illnois, leave a train of cars at Newburyport, some lately. A boy was taken from the Orphan's two weeks ago, having ridden irom Boston," Home, Chicago, by John McCartney, of Sewhen she found a roll of bills of large amoun rena, and kept a year and a half. Tho boy in her lap, buthow tbpy camo, there sho seemed to like his home, and John and his them, and wib - like4z:theboyFinallyithe boywas could not tell.manSho advertised proved them to ;be his, claimed by a German who either Ts or pre on Friday a r train the day they tends to be his father. A writ of "habeas though ho was not on tho were found, and had never, been at N cy-b- u corpus' was sued out, and a hearing had on 7 ing 'anything community. . ? . . fc ; the return. Tho I pretended father and mother swore that tho boy was theirs, and to tmboy had a very stri king jsemblancoalso his pretended mother. An elder sister swore that tho boy was her brother, Fred. The boy, however, swore that neither the man, woman nor girl is any of his. , Ho said his father 'died In PennsylvaniaTan Tifs mother in Milwaukee, giving particulars, and he did not wish to go back to Chicago, as be said theTclaimantsidldTDOt use him well, and Judge Leland considered the proofs Insufficient on tho part of the claimants of tho boy, and he went home with his i i i adopted lather. - , WOMANS RECORD. "Flownew edition of Mrs. Homce Ianh's ' . er People.n :; 'v , Miss Sarah C. Woolsey, tho popular writer for children, better knovn to the public by the nom do plume of fSusan rCoolidge," : has lately returned from Europe. Jenny Wnd, now .'Madame. Gdldschmidt, has been singing again, not exactlyJn pub-- . of LeV He, but before a number brthe i , en'tenants; at GlenferHe. been invited to hear her. y lrj V;." :Z"T::r Pt 5 year, travhas bno hundred lectured has nights, elled seven thousand : miles, has1 written a hook unon "Practical Ethics" for schools and families, and has Invented, to illustrate It, a beautiful chart, so tnac a cnua can, with ease their mutual relations. Sho has also prepared three new lectures, ana two: oMvhich, "The. JIeart-aiUan,';- r "What Can You Do?" were given, to the oublic last winter and met with great popu larity. The other one, significantly styled bo presen"The Ethics of Marriage,'-will ted for the first time during the coming com-Drehe- nd -- i -- season. v; - .. . GOOD MANNERS BY PRESCRIPTION. Mrs. Rose Lathrop, an artist, Hawthornos youngest daughter, is about to illustrate a , -- ryportr-'- i:)J When the widow of Peter the Great the thron --of Russia, tho women of that empire were yet slaves in every sense of the word. The empress conceived tho desire of raising them to the rank which the women of the remainder of Europe occupied; she patronized the introduction of English fashions; the women discontinued living in their appartments alone; they res. ceived company, paid visits) and But tiievempress waa not long d iscoveri ngr that 1 1 wa3 a matter of noi lit-- " tlo difficulty to introduce all at onco a proper principle of decorum and steadiness among women who till then had had no ideas of their own. Hor majesty consequently published an order of observance, tho following of whlch aro a few of tho articles of this curious document: A lady desirous of giving a party, must first' give notice to tho members of both sexes, either through cards of invitation or otherwise. -The party must not begin before lour or five as-scend- ed -- formed-meeting- Cabot, Boston; Miss Eugenie Homer, Roxbury; Miss Susan Mitchell Monroe, Cambridge; Miss Harriet Josephine Williams, Boston, were the succes3-f- jl applicants at the preliminary examinations for women at Harvard College. Four, ladles, of position in London have become: "homo decorative art ists. r They : . : undertake the whole furnishing, upholster- o'clock. :i ing, furniture, and all that tends to embel- Any ono may come when helikes; it is suflish the interior of a dwelling. They are ficient to bo presented to the company. Any said. to be remarkably clever and very suc- ono may, according to his inclination, sit cessful. They have served a regular ap- down, walk about, or play, and no ono has a prenticeship and acquired a thorough know- right to disturb him, under pain of empty- ledge of the business. ing the great eagle (a large bottle of brandy). i3 only necessary to saluto the company Anna E. Dickenson, who has had such It 'i''. bad health during the past summer that at arriving and leaving. to women to get tipsy, unmuch of tho time she has beeu confined to It is forbidden any pretext whatever; and to men, to her room, is again in the lecture field. She der before nlno o'clock. has lately presented to the public, a lecture inebriate themselves at cross on "Joan of Arc," which is said to surpass The ladies in playing at forfeits, will bo cautious all her former productions. Sho will proba- questions and answers, tc., not to commit any indecency. No ono can .."V ; . bly go to Europe compel them to bo kissed; should any' ono to bado iarowell Charlotte Cushman strike them, ho 13 to bo expelled from tho was ulL 7th on the It the New York stage ; :; company." was a There scene. great an imposing is ono of tho curiosities of natural hisR. H. a of celebrities, poem by gathering most when Stoddard, an address by William Culleu tory that a horso enjoys hi3 food Brj-anand a reply by 3Iis3 Cushman, In he hasn't a bit in his mouth. Helen Jackson .i ": : : 1 : It : t, 