W O MAN'S MEMORIAL TO CONGRESS. EXPONENT. J - ... i brightest example of pure, unselfish patriotism and liberal views. And the very first step in that direction must he to live to the letter and the spirit of our fundamnPrincipleof "Equal rights for all." Let each individual find in life by his innate ten- dencies and powers; not "by ariy accident of birth or station. Keep not, millions of Af ricans in bondage because they are not white, nor millions of sisters in equal subserviency because they are not brothers. ; The world seems fto gather impetus in its course, jmd reforms tread faster upon each other than formerly. ' The nation has scarcely, csjidanting from the Weriion;ii)f "'freeing For the Exponent PEOPLE AND . GOVERNMENT, . T7" -The following: extract from the "Congres PRIVILEGES. sional Record," o f Fub. 1 7 th, wi be inter esting to those who have not read it Ik fore.,. A government, we understand lb be a Mr uannqn, or u tali. I present a me Regulation, an Executive power; and some to raoriai oi the legislatiyessembly of u tahTfonii-exeraTerritory, asking for a comriiissioilof inves- - the children of men for their well being, as tigation to De.fienrtoUtahta-inquire-inJojaHnoiUiregulation is better than confu- all alleged abuses in affairs there. r ask sion. But it seems that God, Himself favors some systoms over others, for we read that the memorial be read.' in Holy Writ that He wished His chosen The memorial was read as follows: We, your Memorialists, the Legislative Israel to be guided by Judges cr courts of Assembly of the Territory of Utah, respect- equity; but it appears that they could not fully represent that, whereas a large majori- bear to be set so far in advance of their age ty of the people of this Territory are aecus- - and murmuredntitGodinJIisangefi ed oFdHolhsuoTdlhatm violations of the Constitution, and laws of grandeur and vastness o f t Ii e plan from ToHTIifaup the United States; arid, vhereas these ac- which they "thus turned a wayf and which hands and plc cusations are" absolutely untrue, and are was left to be developed by later generations. broken. The sons cry out in direst amazemade with malicious intent to procure pro- - The very fact that God offered it to His cho- - ment, "These are not fetters, but the costly scriptive legislation by Congress. bracletavhkhiJYegave them" to make them more beautiful in our eyes! TheyTn Therefore, being anxious that legislation, of experience, better than Monarchy. gems who if upon thorough investigation any should There should be little need to advocate bondage! They are our idols, be deemed necessary, should be such as will Repu bl ican i ns ti tu Hons be fore t h e people of rule overus by the power of: their beauty,-rconduce to the greatest good of all, we re- this country, but I should like to ask what their grace imcrainheir littlcelingihg, caV It a government by toe essirig, timid ways!" i spectfully and earnestly solicit your honor- is a republic? Iswho are Rulers? the JudgIs this so, gentlemen? Even if it is, you able body to send to Utah a commission of people? Then a of definition the Repub- ignore such as have no beauty, are not timby given investigation, with instructions to inquire ing only into all the alleged abusesjn our Territorial lic, one would say the people rule; but in id and clinging nor skilled, to flatter; "but men callejl, chosen and even passingby: this grave omission and affairs, and with authority to send for per- common speech, the to sons and papers needed in the prosecution sen t by the people manipulatejthe mach considering only those mentioned who do of government, and paid in dollars and possess these qualifications, let us see, withof their inquiries. from the people's money, are called out desiring to question the purity of your And we further respectfully ask your cents, "Rulers." But according to this precedent, convictions or the kindness of your intenhonorable body, for the protection of what ihlThlred workman in a manufactory the tions, how far facts will bear out your statewe deem the best interests of the whole head of the firm and the hired cook or house- ment Let us examine the quality of the acto of the all suspend people Territory, keeper, the head of the house. allegiance you pay your pretty sovereigns. so as far special legislation for Utah is tion, The lady mut live in this world some However, some maintain that the. people concerned, until such time as said commisto appoint fifteen or twenty years before she comes inhave because power they rule, to investision shall have had opportunity the way I believe they call it 'platform' ' to full possession of those royal prerogatives gate and report. And for a course so con- on which their paid agents shall walk; and! by which she is to maintain her despotism. ducive to wise, and consequently beneficial, to th ink thesejarejr jgh Iprjit And how does she, fare,", me'ahwhno?.7A;Not I am d legislation action we, your memorialists, least, isposed does.; 1 e is d ress- j usFa? Ii e rTu tu re sii bj cct they sheula be. ' will ever pray. in a way that does not impede his moveThen, the next question which presents ed Mr. Cannon, of Utah. I move that "the nor occupy his attention. He" Is alments a is That are is the Who itself on People? memorial be referred to the Committee lowed to live much in the open air, run, stupid question, for any child can tell you the Judiciary. whistle, wrestle, stand on head or Mr. Merriam.- - I think it ought to go to that the men, women and children who live shout, heels at his own sweet will. Thus ho builds in are the people country, any permanenily on the Territories. Committee the up lor himself .Ihose: strong muscles and - The Speaker. The Chair thinks the of that country. nerves, that vigor of body and. mind which and each and i, are cnrtDREN memorial women, in the Men, judipoints presented ri after years are h is boast and the grounds and to existence the all three indispensi&fe ialJntheircharacter.; C.;7Z t hand, ofjils Mr Cannon, of UtaTi; I desire that "if I ntSestsof people5Man,-the-rig- h .".."SiiEustte dressecf lhat she wil t iook shall go to the Committee on the Judiciary, woman, the left, and child the dear object is comfortable or not. for which they both toil Or, man the founda- prettywhether she indoors for fear of emand have made that motion. must live mostly Mr. Merriam. I would like a vote on tion, woman the wall and child the roof of She that fair face which is her strongthat t I think it is very important that this the social superstructure, crowning both, but browning est claim to future sovereignty.) She should go to the Committee on the Territo- resting more immediately on the wall, must not take bbisterous exercise nor make ries j and I move, to amend the motion of woman; though neither could stand without a loud nbise, because these are "not'Iadylike; the gentleman from Utah by substituting the support of the sturdy foundation, man. but if her lungs" arc weak, her muscles feeble of this aware that am I speech on Territories. figure the Committee the or her information concerning, the common The question being put on Mr. Herriam's places the child above both parents, and that so objects of nature arid art very Jimited, world the because not noes were-ay- es is yearly intention; there 42, my amendment, because all these: are' ladymuch ' counted. grows riper and rises in the scale of intelli- like. gained, "v .;';:". So the amendment was not agreed to. , gence, and even as wo inherit the garnered does take, must be in v What exercise she, The memorial was referred to the Com- Wisdom of. the past, so will the children be picking up things after her brother, making mitted on the Judiciary, and ordered to be richer for every step we can take in the march of improvement; and just so his bed, darning his stockings or cookinghis grand T'7 7, , printed." land marks in life, dinner, besides doing all; these things for better have as far they Mr. Sargent of California, presented the will above us. My smile also marks herself; and although he is too young to apbe they same memorial in the Senate, on Feb. 18th, the welfare and interests of the human preciate and reciprocate her; little services, and it was referred to the Judiciary Comone and inseparable; for if roof, wall trust me, he is riot too young to revel in his trinity, mittee. openly despise or foundation be wanting, of what possible freedom and secretly, if not ones do" confined as all free creatures her be? others can the value MO) her imprisonment. . And be sure thi3unis lie is not the greatest statesman who in- aforlesson much more easily learned than most the ceremonies, imposing tired am "I y augurates A E very-daExaggerations. most glittering pageantry or learned. "So to death." you: have" said often, and are displays the encourto study, ho they-begibut When most io the himself had too. height lifts giddy "I health arid in alive still, good almost compelled to dclvd not a wink of sleep all night" And yet he who looks farthest beyond his ownandbrief aged, urged, his deeply into all solid sciences; not only and his children when time to the snore several heard day you your astronomy, natural history would not: do it for the world." children's children shall engage in life's times. chemistry, but financial and ix)litical rl fhn And yet you have done many things equally busy warfare: he who hy the deepest ...ri- historv. unui uia most rears meiuws the and vuuu.i; under. my, foundation bad for a penny. "We were up to our . ... I A V' H rt fT H f fS t i Q V Of TVX t lOHS. lintKlnln knees In mud." You know very well the , thus leaving behind him (ho .. She Is expected O learn style in dress and Zl-and dirt wast not over your shoes. -i- 11 hy -- ... senfpeople-provcs4twitho- ut the-testimo- nyJ ; 3 , . ery . 4 -- 1 : " : . , . -- . - :.li:'f:' s -- . n -- - math-nmntipsa- nd bed-fello- w - . - T-- J , . ' J W 