WO 136 MA N EXP 0 N ENT. S ,ti rns; ir. k. rAiXTER, m.. d. AGENTS YND CORRESPONDENTS. i1 AGENTS A new toy for boys ia a bear about two wound up, feet high, which, upon being Salt Lake Cihj. in hind his on erect leg3 stands and Mrs. Elvira Barney, growls Mrs, Zina D. Young, in made are These bear toys true style. tt Amanda Kimball "Margt. P. Young, Munich.- - - : -- . 11 11 , 11 .c,; ' r;-xiL ; ELECTRIC rilYSICIAN. cases 'reqiire. r, Electricity administered when a hal and one Office, East side of Second East Street, blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake City. H, BARKER M. D., Jj-AR- : te Old Constituli. n B uild in g,--M ain Office hours 10 a. m. to 3 p. my .. ; JJRS. CARPENTER, em-gitlromrgi- nin t)2ie i All great leader nVmnt belief. : In nine cases out of ten, failure is born of unfaith. : Tejnnyson gug?j a k Elizabeth Davis, Hampton, 16th 7 fti Ward, Sarah E. Smith, cirttt. Sarah Smith, -among the MaryJ,Thomson, 'Margaret. Steel. many other interesting incidents in the life JkliS Sarah E. Bussell. of President Andrew Jackson, he was twice married to the same woman, a former Mrs. COmtESPONDENTS. Itachel.Ilobards, daughter of Mrs. Donelson, Mrs. Laura Miner, Xl Mrs, E. B. Wells, John Donelson,an Ithe widow of CloneLtoTTennessec A. B. Smi t Ji,r f Idisa Mary AGENTS, It is not generally known that -- Physician and Surgeon, tHheTownsend Hou3er-KoomLK6.Cft- ZZ lmve-beenjnspirMM- t" 1' FaIthw(ninTaItfcnEra crs." To be a great leaner, unu f: u iu w ofneces teTolf the1 situation,' one-m.sity have been a great thinker in action. " rr ts f?in wnnkness of some jrood men to speak of man as miserable rather than guilty. Indeed it becomes one wno nas mercy to pity rather than condemn. Yet compassion should be mixed with a holj indignation: for we may indulge a tender ness to offenders till we lose sight of the abomination of sin. Happy indeed is the man or woman who learns the lesson of gratitude lor aauy blessings; for unbroken sleep, for convenient food, for the necessity of labor, for the discipline of sorrow, the enjoyment o one's snnsps. for mire air and abundant water, and is not envious or unhappy because a brother commands something lie or she cannot en - -- unsl 7n Mary Rich, Paris. JHch Count y pt insure modesty, I would advise, the educating of the sexes together; for two boys will preserve twelve girls, or two girls twelve boys, innocent, amid winks, jokes, and improprieties, merely by that instinctive sense which is the forerunner of matured modesty. Rut I will gaurantee nothing in a school where girls are alone together, and still less where ' ':; boys are." : "4eolore4philosopher;thus unburdened himself oni one of Woman's; weaknesses: "Jim, de men don't make such fools of de involves about women as de women do about men.. If dey look at do moon dey see a man in it; and if dey heara mouse nibbling, its a man; and dey all look under de bed last thing aThighOo find aman.:Why:I riebber looks under my bed to find a woman does you?" An Indian:" maiden of fourteen years, named Minnie : Emunesky, or "White Feather," died on Sunday in Boston. She was the sole survivor of the Cheyenne Indians massacred some years ago at Sand river by was dismissed Jrom orders of an officer-wh- o the service for the barbarous act. She was adopted by a Boston family, and great attention paid to her education. Tho United States authorities settled upon her G 40 acres of land, which now reverts to the nation. ' ' .' . -- j, Emily Woodruir, Kaiidolph. tt M. A. Maughan, Logan, Bed-roo- n. . Jane S. Coleman, Smithfield. - to buy fin Sets of furniture to call and m ' examine the immense stock kept by Cache County. II. A. Shaw, Hyrum. wtit th-- TvotrId-nT- i0 Parlor, and Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek, od-taine- d To '1 IVirs. -- joy. W; Jean Paul Richtcr says BURNISH YOUR HOMES. A. M. Frodsham, Ogden, , Oneida Coil nig, Idaho. DINWOODEY, At NoUl, East Tern pie Street, an d Ko. Box Elder County. 75, First . Harriet Snow, Brigham City. , South Street "".:.". . Davis County. Mary Clark, Farmington, Aurella Rogers, Margaret Randell,CentrevilIe, Elizabeth Barlow, Bountiful, tt ' Susan Grant, a tt Sylvia Clark, . Salt Lake County. it it H WALLACE Has the hest, largest and purest stock of confecr tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies ' " .. " to purchase. - , . Higgins, West Jordan, Barbara Moses, agent & cors: Big - NPW CLUB RATES. Cot- Determined that nothing shall.be wanting on the Tooele .County. part of tho Publishers, to increase the circulation of Mrs. J. Be La Mare, Tooele City. the Exponent and aid in promoting the ohjects conIrs. E. Clegg, ,, templated in its publication, by making it truly an Mrs. M. A. House, Grantsville; " exponent of the views of ih& women, of. Utah, sus Utah County. tained by them, . read by them, and its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their Brown, Pleasant Grove, Ann Bringhurst, Springville, thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as nniicrtn to prepare for increasing the value and importance of Provo T. Smoot, City, Margaret the paper with the beginning of the next volume, Rebecca Slandering, Lehi. which a larger subscription list will enable us. to; do? Juab County. 19 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter ?18 00 tt Amelia Goldsbrougli, Neplii. " up of tho club ... . , r w Ann. Pi tchfortb, 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy to th e getter tt Martha J. Coray, agent & cor., Mona, -- ; . up of the club fl Amy L. Bigler, Nepbi. 20 copies l year with a copy to the getter Sanpete County. lip of the club and a framed steel engravM. A. P. Hyde, agent & cors. Spring .11 ing, 12x16 inches, of President Brigham v 34 00 City, Young, selling price, 2 50 .. It Sarah Peterson, Ephraim, 30 copi 8, 1 year, with a copy to the getter of the club, and a superior first proof, 11. Helena Madison, Gunnison. Mrs. Boel PetersonrEphraim; " up steel engraving of President Brigham Irs. Mary Thorpe, selling Youig, handsomely- framed, 48 03 " ' Millard County. price .4 Clubs can ba commenced at any time; and addiDelilah Oleson, Fillmore, tions can "be made after the first list of names has ,, Belinda M. Pratt, been sent. Miss Mary Callister, Mney can be remitted by rrgistcred letter at the Bea vcr County. risk of the publishers. J Mrs. Ruth Tyler, Beaver, We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especial& tors. B. L. the Presidents and Secretaries ofBelief Societies' agent ly Pratt, tt will nli)Tnrf) crot nn rlnhs: tLTA thftt thev will COn Iron County. of the ititutethemselves-agentsHbr-the-xtensi- on Parowan, Weimer, circulation ef the Mary Exponent. ' tonwood. ? " . -- ; ; : " - : . ' . Miss Josephine Smith, Mrs. Ellen Lunt, Cedar Ciiy. tt Mary Ann Lunt, agent Cedar , Cty. . & cors. v Kane (Juuzdy.. Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kanarra, You should not only be religious and love ' ' Washington County. religion; you should make religion attracand agreeable to every one Caroline Jackson, agent & cors. " tive, useful, bt. George, around. The sick will like your religionlf Elizabeth Canfield, Washington. j,,it leads you to tend them, your family will Mrs. Mary Confield, Hamlin's Fort. be attracted to It if they see you more careful in your duties, more patient, more diligent, more gentle in finding fault. If your husband sees that,, as you become more deWhen the Duke of Edinburgh visited to vout, you arc also more affectionate him, Birmingham, recently a fervid old lady eld more tenderly submissive, he will be won bowed her way to the front of the to your religion. In a word, let. your religbless youl How's your dear : ion be as winning to others as possible. mother?" -- -- crowd,ex-elaiming,"Go- . ' Mrs. S. M. Parker, of the Fourth District of Indiana, is the first lady, ever appointed Collector of Internal Revenue. , Todd's last A 3eautiful Farewell.-D- n message to his church, sent on a Sabbath Tell them evenincr.eontained this nassacre: that I have unwavering faith in Clirist and his salvation, and that 1 am waiting and honintr for lieht. from the eternal world. I want to see that light and I think that I shall. 'Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. And so I stand at the crate like a little child. waiting' for it to open and give me a glimpse : . ; of the glory." . . : ; 