11 178 1 hortations soul stirring and well received with full 'attendance, ha&di we enjoy the will, without doubt, be lastingly remem Spirit of the Lord. May we ever increaso hered. We are much obliged to the sisters, in the knowledge of the truths of the gospel. President. J Mette fnrtheir visit, and can bear testimony to tho Ane B. Nelson, Secreta. truth of the assertion that "They cio gooa wherever they go." The following is also from Bich field. Laura Stayner, Sec. According to previous arrangements, some t at the Tho Secretary writes from Boekport, of the young ladies of Bichfield,-meSummit Co., April 16th, 1874. Our Society house of Mary A. Earns worth, on the 13th was organized Sept 20th, 1873. . Mrs Ann of March, 1874, for the purpose of organizAssociation. The fol Bryant was chosen President, Elizabeth ing a Betrenchment Vernon and Alice M. Malin her Counselors, lowing othcers were elected, jurs, jsi&ry. Charlotte Marchent Treasurer. We are but Farnsworth, President, Miss Eliza Ogiloie, few, our , settlement being small, still we feel and Mrs. Christina Larson, Counselors, and welllfffflplnT -which we are engaged, in relieving the Baker, Treasurer. Besolved by unanimous need vUnd coinlbrtiiig "thS dlstressedrwhen vote that the society-hold meetings once in and-that theirz;m we have any among us. Accept1 our best twqeeks; wishes for tho success of your interesting PROVEMENT. arid valuable paner inadvocatinr the cause Mary Seeomiller, Secretary. word. sense tho of of ' Woman in the true Sarah Staker, Secretary. - : ; THE fFor the Exrov rxrO MY TW3 CHILDREN, r 1 . " The low ambw light f&dg away lirthefst O'er the verge oi the hill tops afar, And Night, in the midt of her sablo erest, '"Sets the clear evening atari Sweet silence comes down onthe busy world Like a blessing from father to child, And the starry glory, above us unfurled. Rejoices as God Himself smiled. by Faint, dewywlnged zephyrs go wandering ' zY.V With whispers of sweet repose; The leavcS in the treetops eontentedly sigh, And delicate Flora-bel- ls close; TheJlrdlirigs He folded 'neath broodlng.wings C-Peters- Their bough-cradlikediy-Ualr,,. But never a bird, though divinely it sings,. 7... Can as my be falnw This eve, when, tbejangH of sleep drew near, . 8he nestled close into my breast;. Jler sweet babynothings, coped into my ear, Made music which motberlove best; Soft kisses rained over lips, forehead and yes, ' Pimpled fingers crept over my hair VUh fluttering motion like bright butterflies, rare. : . Which revel o'er flower-bed- s My heart was a harp and emotion the strings Which her Angers swept o'er with rare skill; A harmony, perfect as angelhood sings, ; t Seemed through my whole being to thrill.. . So finely vibrated those harpstrings of soul, So exquisite was their accord, A ripple of pain through the melody stole, Moro precious than Joy's full award. es w baby-birdll- WO MAN'S E XPONENT Mary-SeBgmillerSecxet- ng y"j:rrji: . BEAUTIFUL Tooele City. Dear Editor: wished a Ions: time, to drop you a line to let vou kuow that we are all alive in Tooele; and though we do not make a big noise, still our course is onward, and Dy tne help of God, we intend it shall so continue to be. Our reports financially, this year, are very cheering. We i have a good Society here, the Sisters are united and diligent in every good work. We wish you, and all lovers of truth, every success in your labors. The Exponent is a splendid paper; that it may long live to bless us with its choice teachings and influence,4 is the prayer or ' , yours, I .have . 1 . Sweet memories came of another dear head " To a mother's warm bosom pressed ; Of other hands wavering over my head, Impelled by a sweet unrest; Of other lips raining the blessad balm : Of kisses upon my face; Another sweet voice whose every tone In'my heart found a resting place. gone, Deep yearning, as over a life-hoComes with this Temembrance alway; But 'tis wholly engulfed in the heavenly Joy l. That an angel of God's perfect day - ; Is mine, by the passion of motherhood won, By love and fond memory bound, To meet me with Joy when my earth work is done, To be mine while duration rolls round. ' r pe Mary Meiklejohn, President. Emily Warburton, Secretary. . , - I almost could hear the faint rustle of Wings And see the star eyes of my chiidq-2T1 . I felt the old rapture within me spring A It did when my flrstrbofn smiled. ' Toeeltha'tlqvid presence for momenta too kriei ' And waken to find it has flown, Accounts for that shadow and semblance of grief Which haunted my tone. But sigh, summer leaves, to the whispering air . . soul-harp- 's 1 Sweet Flora-bell- s And mother-bird- s, drCamlly close ;c ' fair, rock, in your bugh-cradlto V , Yvirnestliugs balmy repose; For I'm not bereaved, though but one brow I kls, Though but one form I lull on my breast; My sainted one whispers me measureless bliss, Which soothes my sick longings to rest. Though Death stole from out my encircling arms so fair, . My bright I defy him to rifle Love's chambers so warm And safely my treasure dwells there, ? ' ' And sweet the communion together we hold, . My two lovely children and I, At eve, while the curtains of amber and gold Softly fade In the westorn ky. es baby-blosso- m : ' ; ; " ; : : r. & reports; From Farmington, Davis Co, wo receive the following: On "Wednesday, March 11th, the Young Ladies' Association of Farming-to- n had' tho pleasure of a visit from Sis ter3 Eliza R. Snow and Mary X Home. All the ward were invited to attend a meeting got- -' teaup for the purpose of hearing from these ladies. The meeting was largely attended, the house, being filled to overflowing. Tho audience was extremely attentive, deeply interested and appreciative. The speakers were earnest; their remarks applicable, bearing the impress of mighty Truth, their cx ." Millard Co., April 10th. Editor Woman's Exponent: 1' will 'nowendeaw-'f- o past year was read and received satisfacto rily by tho hearers. The presiding officers, namely: Abigail E. Stevens,President; Fanny N. Johnson firsthand Mary Ellet second Counselors; JNIary A Savafe, Treasurer; Em ma J. Bennet, Secretary, and also the teach Prest. ers were unanimously sustained. Callister addressed the! meeting at some length, touched upon the united orderj the fashions of the world, and the results there of; was well pleased with the condition of the Society, and considered great credit due to it Prest. D. B. Stevens, Elders John Ellet and Wm. Stevens encouraged the Society to press forward, and bore their testimonies to the truth of this Work.r We truly had a time of rejoicing. A party was given in the evening; dancing,- - songs, recitations Ac, were the amusements indulged In; ana Piest Callister returned his thanks for the The g66l - order that: was maintained. Committee of Arrangements, Sarah" John-' . son, Charlotte Badger, Ann E. Teeples. Emma J. Bennet, Sec. . - From Who shall describe that irhich appears to differ ent obserrers under different appearances?. . Who shall lay down rules by "which to distbguish that which is not distineuishable r by any? Who- - shall define that which is undefinable? Who shall ex press upon paper the attributes of "the beautiful?"; A Chines lady considers herself irresistibly charm- inff with her deformed feet. An Indian squaw of a red handkerchief, a coquettes in the finery 1 Al 1 I - 11.. '.Jl mosaic row oi v Deaas, or ine yanea vii ; utc ia,iwv. Englishwomen have prided themselves upon their personal appearance, arrayed in all the pompous d shoes, and patched superfluity of Hoops, faces. Who shall call either of these tastes in question, or decide which of them have hit upon "the One man admires tall womenan beautiful?" other short: one can conceive nothing more enchant- in r than a slender waistwith another, an embon-point carries away tho applersome choose fab damsels with blue eyesothers brunetts. ; with: black ones: neatness attracts some finery, others- - pretti- this. : In hue, it ness chrm8 that fair sex, if all the for would be a melancholy thing " ,; ' ; men were agreed upon "the beautiful" What then are the characteristics of "the beautiful" in the softer sex? She should be in appearance engaging, and have an - mterestmg.,if Lnot a hand- some countenance. She should be lively without levity serious without melancholy; joyful without being excited to ecstacy sad without tne list--, lessness of deFpair. Her heart should be: the de- : positbry of the gentlest, yet the most fervid af--' fection her soul exalted by the loftiest sense of honor and duty, yet capable of the softest exercise , of pity and benevolence. Bcligion should be enshrined in her breast, as fragrance in the rose-bubut the withering infiuence of superstition should be unable to wither it. She should - be able to discern and to feel the difference between the glowing of, the heart towards, its benefieient Creator, and the cold formalities wWlr custom would substitute in its stead. . In the day of prosperity, she should be conscious of the uncertainty of earthly happiness; and, with the heart to which she has linked her fate, she should encounter the blasts of adversity, not only without repining, but with cheerfulness.; She should rhc a creature J breathing all the warmth of the most generous idej votion unable to reproach, unwilling to be offend- possibility of giving ed, and caudeuji to avoid-th- e offence, should be, as woman was meant to be to man, a being allied in spirit to the angels, and feel- -, . ing the passions of earth only, as it were, to divest them in him of their grossness, and to lead him insensibly, to the disinterestedness and the V . purity of her own generous feelings. N - A- high-heele- 5 man-elega- nce . ' v From Holden, sketch of our fourth annual meeting, which was held on the 20 th of March. There WTere present, President Thos. Callister of Fill more, Elders David B. Stevens, John Ellet, WalterStevensrand a few other brethren 01 this place. Meeting opened according to he usual form. The financial report oi the 1 r aryir -- -- -- on, . d; , . v , , . 14th 1874. Our Society is in good condl tion" and do ing welL We have lately given a couple of parties and a concert for the purpose of gathering means for assisting to build us a The Washington Star" says it takes & hall. Wo gained forty-sidollars.; Our veteran Congressman a long time to apply a postage stamp. All foe want of practice monthly meetings are held every Fast-da. Biciifield, April . x. y, 