...i ... . 'W O MA N? S E XPO N E NT. 431 Forth Expoest. not only to God and hi3 servants that wo RETRENCHMENT. owe obedience, but It is also due to our parEbiTOR Exponent: ents; who have struggled and suffered and i Ketrenchment is a ' isA few words of advico to our sisters, bpth subject upon which so given everyi thought to make us loved,! res- young and old; may not bo oiit of placefor pected and honored; even as they' would .be much might bo said, that I feel incompethemselves. Think of the care and anxiety tent for the task of either speakingor writing it;is our duty asT-our children j as well as to teachr them good they have natf:f for rnthown they have upon itjbut iuormonisra never allows its votaand righteous ; principles. I It is our d u ty to j watched oyer us and guidedjaur erring foot- - ries Jo say, they cannot doa thing required of ibq JundVand; affectionate in our lammes and steps when we were ;unable to care lor our them by duty. I think fetrenchment, as we understand itnopfVmqjeateand most : toiour husbands;: not; only in words but in selves:; I works. .Not by sitting down and grumbling to repay them for all they have done; be obe- - gipripus principles and one caiculated .to do andiWan ting some one to wait pn us so that dient to their wishes; Jbr; there as nothing as much good,, when icarried put practically, . we can act the fine lady or fpverorganifcd upon j trying to be bur- - so pleasing to a parent as an obedient child. ag anything;thatVwas " jta dress; alone, .dens to pur husbands by saying we Won't, Tqthose the.jyord thiseartlj. nIt is not limited iVHlculaicd to . j wprkjas long as we can get any one to do it "obedience" has no tyranny; for once start-- , but includes pyery thing that for us; but byTwaiting oh ourselves aM dd ted pri :tho path, of obedience it JsTcasy make us wisej useful and happywlule hero ins: all ..that we can to help them aloncr. We to tread. It is not hard to do the will of in this state of, existence. It, teacTies' us to our study our religldnV t sHouIdtrylhaveurTra - timeandhavelthehi as palatable and noiir- - His servants add "our parehfcwb wilTcheer- 7si ournusDanus wno are tiuny ouey mem ana no narra win ueiau.us. iyill concerning us, nd.then Bfmg ourselves lsuuig usjiossioiejor - constan uy iiaDorinerior us, we snouia. try we snouia ooey every gooa leenncr oi our under subjection to the same, 'lii we attend "tb cultivate ordeif in OuVhbme&rltFis one rhelrrs and when a thought -- is presented to pur meetings and arp in the lino p i Heaven's "first laws. : We should teach i us by which we can do good, act upon' it: do wo always havel a good spirit, ;) which "will odrchlldre! we can 'and forget ourselves show us tho right i ffomV the wrong at all parehtsi and shun- - all conipanwho do not; put lnsuphimanner that it will aUvays4je times, if lyii,wili oy,ilstejijtt ta ,wh isper. And, another vthing, it jis surprising to see fbrif they associate with'suchTeompanionsfremem they will partake ofthe samo Upirit. It is reward thahthalr8wVci satis(iictldn--thour duty to look well to our children and to ways springs: from the knowledge that we j organization of the o retrenchment meetings; iKnow wnat company tneyKecpariTiiis is es are doing rignt ana -- mat we Know we are young women that thought it impossible for -specially important with our: orirlsl from about approved by our Heavenly Father. Then them to writo pr; speak ;any f thing useful, i twclveitqiixtfeen years :oldlfor there are so let us strive with all our might,Tihindr. and will; both; write and. speak excellently. I many men from; sixteea.to .thirty and even strength to overcome the many temptations believp that if; wowill cbntmues jwo have forty years old, find among, them are some to do wrong and keep our hearts pure so that begun, it is beyond our power to comprehend - iQ our .sotcailediIermon: boys, that would j we can recei ve "any r i nst r uction t hat would tho good that may bo accomplished through t . like theirieompany; (but do they ero first to be for our good.7Let us do all: wo can to pur j diligence and; faithfulness. There is a and v;iU rest uptheirparentjPj whoever has the care of the gain the satisfaction of our own consciences great responsibilityasresting, and wives mothers, and girls and ask3:permfsdon. to ..takothem to a and the approbation of our heavenly Father, on our shoulders; wo will need all the help we can get In order r ; dance or theatre or to talk to them no they in all things. L. T. x 1. . Xi '.tt t mi. ii to' acqtiitpurselvcc; honorably as 'daughters uu nut. xjuusa(,wno ,wiu uo mis may oe better trusted. .,,' ut those who seek the of ?Zion; therefore I feel that "Betrench-ment- " Exrox For the ext. C 11 m v v i M;.T a. a is thejvTry thing that is needed5 for r DOES 'IT wiupau upuuKiwjyu 10 ineir parents, "A-J F our good.:I:; L::t guaruians . or inenas,. Tiii use stratagem and make others "think" these girls really pays best you know," was the reply think so much of them that , they are deter- - of "It a lady at the con belnzr S1? -- eit t,11 howsho asked wished her dres y 'T".-;Oh! !.... Mh wi and init best it a : nice often converts little, vcry pays stylish, right Revenge . . .1 , , 13 somfi or their nsrvinf as to iinliifn inn frirla r - Oii t noticea more, ana re- - to a great wrong, u hi . to go to , some' place where'ttiecari ' meet you Know: a lauy she dresses welL" attention if ceives.more Z; them, an(l there pouroiitt mbir pbiionous whpisjilways his own counsellor will to myself, : is that as it should I thought tr often have a fool for his client, t venom in the kindest andmdst fiiscinating be? a Should of need intelligence lady r manner within their poweruntil they often flounces, and puffs, and other fineryVtd at- - v Bun;!nbt. after blessings: only, wklk n the finally prove their destruction. Mothers t runt, nttfintfiin rr ohiiqa tior crvfntv in HaZ (in. com marid ments of God, antt; bless i n gs sliall ' V ' lay these thnp before your daughters, you preciated?;There must be something wrong run after, and overtake you. to your t daughters concerning ;omewhere. Has the .nooubt public taste become so Almost everyone complains of the .bad ness of his" memory,-- but : nobody complains r ', " worse. Young men beware of .the ffirl that finery; or do our. ladies cease to cultivate or his defective judgment.; Ul.ni .vwillconniye aMuclv stratagem, for shewill mii mindSj and 'make their goodness' and doubtless practise 7duplicityl; If:; you are ;1t has been beautifully said that 7 thc ;ail of attraction ? ' injteiilenco objects covers the face of futuri ty was woven keeping company with a girl that you love, It is certainly necessary that a lady should which u ; dont listen to tales against her; and, as they know she is neatly and becomingly dressed, by the hand of . mercy." ;i .;J3ay''fpay off" on her before you know the in order to feel at ease in society; but would What God effects through tho powers truth. I have known many young people it not be better to spend a few of the hours, with which he has endowed man is no less miserable for life py the untruths and in jnade and studying trying to acquire useful in His work , than the heavens and the earth ' strategems of others, and do not remember formation that are commonly spent in mak- - are. A. P. Peabody. ' ' " i i ( ; ever knowiher a youncr. couple to ' think a Tiie man who can rofim iridulgenco to a great Ldeal of;each pother but somebody would aiady prettily dressed in clothes that aro 1; t0, V" neat and becoming, and, I; thinly some fore-- T clamoring desire, can holdtothe craving ape-tit- o the rising pasw thev miffht ..ww v. y ungratified, and say .y, tl30Ugnt snouia do given, that our , clothes ' fsame advice true be hero. a is still.!" sion, "Peace, taste: with and .neatness, ' arrange maylbe - beaux are respectable. choosing siich colors a? suit the complexion I The truly great and good, in afiliction so that the ; general appearanco; .may be at bear a countenance more princely than they tractive. But, beyond this, we should take are wont; for it. is the temper of the high' For the ExroxXMv o some thought that our minds be stored with est hearts, like the strive most ; useful k no wlen ge. : upward when it is most burdoned.; To cultivate the intelligence that God lias The Apostlo Paul said, "Let every soul one of a thousand acts of love costs r Each . bo subject to the higher powers for whoever gi ven us, and purify oar hearts that .we may Very little by itself; and yet, when viewed '; resisteth the ordinance rcsistetn the powej bo fit companions for the wise and good. all together, who can estimate their value? i raay oe wpnny oi t)ur own of f?od " Therefore, if is nocessarv for us inat rcspeci What is it that secures for one the namo or : will of the With those We a kind whom f good tr rnn(TorhlPrlinnon fn hosn who nrft nLirnd neighbor? Not the doing of half a ; fulfil our and as duties mothers asin associate, ovpr us hv nnr Hfiavpnlvf Father. and- be It- t anu11. m wniCIl dozen great favors in as many years; but tho ? l.t l.Huiu iiijrnusi Rnrofl fhnf Ttn will nnt. nTirn nvnr ut in v nno lbniei is nmiestcaiumr little everyday kindnesses none of which f .1 t. rr r ' . . Ud. ihnf: T,o nof fSnt ITffrlipr Pnil'Pr UWI'IKW K1L'I1 J. .1 seem of much consequenco considered in from llim; The servants ofod are in pos itself, but tho continued repititiou of which. , session of a higher power than we ourselves railraid sheds a sunlight over the whole neighbor-- ; Indianapolis ,has eighty-tw- o hood. are, therefore we- should obey them. It is oniccs. Jvcry family should have one.- WOMAN'S VOICE. 4 : 1 . : ( rht - ili: pwnj-onltliew- - 4 F a 6: -- -- -- Y " ' I . 1 -- 1 JL : L . . 'MSt , . , . dress-maker'- s. me. 5 i ' ,'.!.- i. ,i j , -- - , : - 2 , - - - ' , . ; : 4 - ; , nPcn1 .1 - ; j)alm-tree,"t- - ; -- . 1 - .v 1 , '1 . ; - -- - ; - - : 