142 ved in water is also an excellent dentifrice, or tooth FEBRUARY. Wash. "What's the fan of February fcklcs that change and winds that vary! T v Freezing flaws, flooding thaws, Jn and out 6f Winter's jaws. " ' Then we send,our valentines Billet-dou- x . and tender lines, " Blazing hearts, winged darts; Cupid's kin of coaxing arts! Then each John may choose his JIary, Spite of skies an J winds that vary , . r That's the fun of February. Olive A, Wakdswoutii. ' , , In St. Nicholas. , ' . , jrouEHOLD niNTsr -- - . -- Cream Pie. -- Cover the pie-ti- n with a good crust. but not too rich; then fill with sweet cream; sprinkle generously with four and sugar; cover with crust bake quick, and you have a pie fit for a king. To be eaten when cold. ' A Useful Soap. rTlie following is commended by those who have tried it for scrubbing and cleansing painted floors, washing dishes, and other house--- " hold ; pounds purposes: rTake-tw- o soap and shave it in thin slices; add two ounces of borax and two quarts ot cold water, stir all togethc .in a stone or earthen jar, and let it set upon the back of .the stove until the mass is dissolved. A very little heat i3 required as the liquid need not v hen simmer. thorouglily mixed and cooled, it becomes of tho consistence of a thick jelly, ana a piece tho size of a cubic inch will make a lather for " : a gallon of watcr. -' ohva : ; : ' Borax for Cleansing; Blankcts:---Tl- ie Boston ournal of Chemistry gives the following method of cleansing blankets: r Put two largo teaspoohfuls of borax and a pint bowl of soft soap into a tub cf cold water Vi hen dissolved, put in a pair of blan' kets, and let them remain over night, Next day rub and drain them out, and rinse thoroughly Ja two watcrSj arid hang them to dry. Do hot wring them. But this is not the only domestic use to which fborax may bo put Says the "same; journal: Borax is ..tlie best cockroach exterminator yet discovered. This troublesome insect has J a peculiar aversion to it, and will never return where it has once been scattered. As the salt is perfectly harmless to human beings, it is mtu.h to be preferred for this purpose to the iTstaii(-cs- used. Borax poisroous valuable for the laundry; use 1 lb., to about fen gallons of boiling water, and you need ocly one-hathe ordinary allowance ' of soap.' For laecs, cambrics etc. use an extra quantity of this powder. Jt will not injure the texture of the cloth in the least. For cleansing the hair nothing La better than a solution of borax water. Wash afterwards with pure water if it leaves the hair too stiff. Borax dissol - 1 .;- J i h - ; - ' ' i . Oat meal for bone and muscle: Liebig has shown that oat meal is almost as nutritious as the very best English beef,and that it is richer than wh eaten bread in the ele ments that go. to form bone and muscle. Professor Forbes of Edinburgrduringme twenty years, measured the bredth and hight, and also tested the strength of both the arms and loins of the students in the class, and of Universitya very numerous to various nationalities, drawn Edinburg by found that, He tlie fame of his teaching. in hteht, breadth of chest-anshoulders, and cease to mock the Goddess by deseera-- . ting her inalienable rights. Fold up the flag of our beloved country that so proudly waves over sea and land, and lay it in some sacred sepulchre; until the mother of Washington, Jefferson, and the mothers of the fraicers of the Constitution of the United States, shall come forth and demand of their sons their inalienable xightstheelcctivo Franchise, Willmirtii East. j.. Salt Lake City. WOMAN'S POWER, d" Mothers. Sn2ak" Kindly. Children catch cross tones quicker than parrots, and they often become permanent habits m them. zr When mother sets the example, you will scarcely hear a pleasant word among the children in their plays with each other. Yet the discipline of such a family h always weak and irregular. ; The children expect- just so much icoldingjrforo they do4inytlimgTtheyare bidwhile in many a home wcreT the lo w firm tone of mother, or thedecided leok of her steady eyeris law; they always think of obedience, either in or out of sight. Oh; mother! it is worth a great deal to cultivate that excellent thing in woman, a low, sweet voice. If you are ever so much tried by the mischievous or wilful pranks of the little one, speak low. It will be a great help po you to even try to be patient and cheerful, if you cannot succeed. Anger makes you wretched, and your children also. Impatient, angry tones never did the heart good, but plenty of evil.:z: You cannot have the excuse for them that they lighten your burdens at all;" they make them only ten times heavier. For your own, as well as your children's sake, speak low. They will remember that tone when your head is under the fffrf. So, to, will they remember a harsh and angry tone, "Which legacy will you leave to your children? . : lf JuniuHenriJlrojyaejffrites were at the bottom of tho list; a little above them the French; very much higher the English ; and highest of all; the Scotch and Scotch-Irisfrom Ulster, wholike the na-lives of Scotland, are fed in their early years with at least one meal a day of good milk and good oatmeal porridge. Speaking of oatmeal, an exchange remarks that a very two goodTdrinlris made by putting-abo- ut spoonfuls of the meal in a tumbler of water. The Western hunters and trappers consider it the best of drinks, as it i3 at once nourishing, unstimulating, and satisfying. It is popular in the Brooklyn I avy Yard, two and ahalf pounds of oatmeal being pat into a pail of moderately cool water. It is much better than any of tho ordinary mixtures of vinegar and molasses with water which far mers use in the haying or harvest field, in tho November - Galaxy: Where is the man TnportsjMd.rmci- pies that lias not been managed by a woman? What herb of the past (tho 'present is. slow, to L recognize" its heroes) has hot had its heroine, even though she bo not so recorded? ':'':y Pericles was managed by ...Aspasia in everything that added tor the greatness and glory of Greece. He was proud to admit his indebtedness to her. She helped him to his pedestal and drawing her and proaiterhini, he crowned claimed her a goddess fit for the Parthenon. , He had no fear to be thought inspired or guided by her, for he was the lofty leader of lofty men, standing so high that he uttered tlie wisdom of Olympus. Hyperides, the rival of Demosthenes, was so managed by Thyme as to render his effort in her behalf the orown of his eloquence. The beauty of the woman flashed into his thought; the symmetry of h'er form swept through his sentences, and she stood acquitted by the power of her reflected loveliness. Crcsar and Antony knew from the first what a siren Cleopatra was. The great Julius saw her For the ExroxExr. consummate management when she rose, like a rare THH BALLOT ANDFHE BULLET aromatic flower, from the bale the swarthySiclIian-ha- d A lady conversing with a gentleman upon brought. He felt the presence of the splendid the right of woman suffrage, was told by apparition kindling a new destiny in his veins, and himthat the ballot and the bullet went to- he advanced to meet it with open arms. Unfortugether "will you fight as well as vote?" nate as her influence was in many respects, she "Yes," was the ready reply, "by hiring a must have answered in some way to his noblest substitute as you did during the late war." nature. No woman, not even Egyptfs enchanting Women are for peace, not war: and this is queen, could have retained him for years unless she one of the many reasons why they should had awakened that which was best in him and most have the right of franch ise. Yes, a true p romising for the future. woman is for peace when it can be secured ; Antony, :magnifieient rowdy that he was, detected upon honorable terms; at the same time she the management of Ptolemy's daughter while she "with silver oars to obey his will figh t or encourage a nd - susta i n t h ose iodolpjli whoso business it is to fight, when it is nec- .Aimu2oiiF;a's the" goddc&sof youth' and love. To essary. That is when her rights and those live in luxurious effeminacy with her he sank the of Iier friends are invaded, as has been prov- Spartan clehient that was in him and drew the Syb- en in tho history of the past; as in the I arite to the surface. How supreme must have been case of Joan of Arc; also Artimesia the the tact that could rivet to her side the sturdy solQueen who joined the immense invading dier arid enthrall him with voluptuousness, while army of Xerxes. She was in command at he saw his Roman veterans disowning their allegithe great battle of Hellespont, on which ance in favor of Octavius, and the empire he had occasion the king,seated on a high eminence, gained by mighty prowess and hardship crumbling where he conld look down upon the engage- under his dazzled eyes. h; . ' '':"- : "J"' rels,: , i ment said, "See see Artemesia the Queen! She acts like a man, while our men act like women!0, 'But for all this, we are opposed to woman's going to war when the greatest battle is fought at home. Ask the man who goes to the battle field, which Jie woulicon-sidc- r the greatest task, to face the enemy and be shot down jn defence of his country, or to take the place of the truo wife and mother, who not only lives to mourn the loss of friends and country ,but her husband also, and her sons. There are thousands of women who have thus been called to mourn, who arc now asking the right of franchise. But if such bills as ,theFrelinghuysen are to bo made law; to disfranchise the noble women of our land who fill the chair of state and the halls of Congress with their sons, and tho ranks of tho battle field with the offsprings of their own bodies, the lover of freedom can but exclaim, mockery! No longer call this a Republican form of Govern ment. Take down the standard nf HWfv - v A POLITE AND HONORABLE WOM AN. . "How do you get along?" said a wife to her husband, in the midst of the panic. "Oh, I shall weather the storm, but I wish I had only a few hundred dollars more." "Don't you wish you had married a rich wife?" said he, in a teasing way; then I going to her room, she returned with rather more than the amount required in United States bonds. " W hy. where in the world did you get this?" said the husband. "WIi my dear, you went to a champagne supper seven years ago, and on finding " navigation around the roomrather difficult, deposited hat, shoes, gloves and a large roll of bank bilLs on the carpet I put the money away and waited three Weeks for you to enquire if. I Jiad seen it, when, finding you were ashamed to do o, I invested ity and .here " you have it" - . 