V OM cat as ihey iqeraHIongingft iorp When children are allowed this privilegeras a gen-- eral rule it makes them fretful- - and tin- healthy. When I was a child i t was a ra thing that I;asked: fornythuigio eat be tween: meals; as I grew older I got into the habit of eating whenever I felt the slight- esLdegree of Jmnger;andjffas hungry ner- ly all of the time at that; feeling miserable in the bargain: out, happily for me, I saw an article in the "Rural" bitterly opposing this -- injurious habit, and it so completely disgus- ted me with .it that I made a promise then ana mere never to eat oetween meals. Since then J have felt better fn both body and mind .and it is seldom that I care-about AN'S EXP 0 NEN T. 15 For tfao ExroxENxH inen and velvet al though dyed of exact ly the same hue and tone of color, appear to bo 'of q u i to d if Fe rent tints. TlfeHep t h or in tensity of color, presented by velvets ' and J:We, as a people, arejyyingjnany splen- certain flowers, such asUhe,. heartsease? is did opportunities to beautify and embellish duo to the surface being channelledridered. our homes by the workmanship of our own ' or furrowed. Here are instances,. ho w ' so hands. ;lAnd in colors can appear to bo changed by contact Jhaj jvojjnuydo we make with other colors. Red, for example, by be- scientifically, that . every additiou for Improvement, may be in unison with theiner D aced in contact with blue. aoDears veU furniture, Wearing apparel, or other articles low, in contact with yellow it has a bluish already in use, it is necessary that we should appearance, with green it appears purer ad obtain, by diligent research and study of brighter,. in contact with black it appears. tne line arts, a knowledge oi now 10 arrange duller, with white it appears lighter and and decide for ourselves the kind of colors ' brighter; gray also makes it appear .more to bring together, that the whole bright. Place two pieces together of dif-HARMONY OF COLORS. 7 f , a'-fe- ' we-wi- sh fcrea:kfiiirmyTyra uie ieeung ana ieei iar oetter tnan i would not oniy initnings rnemseives Durwiii if I had eaten. I speak from experience their immediate surroundings, as to be pleas- having tried both ways. 31. Lang inR. ing and satisfactory to the trained eye. of; N.Y. the most refined. I would refer in an espe- -i cial manner to the selection of colors in the appear quite different from wiiat they do when viewed separately; this is called con- trast of color. If we place, side- by side, two pieces of the same color but different .benefits Sunshine, The human bed our of beautiful ladies, shades, the light one will appear lighter, and hy being is like a plant neither will thrive in manufacture, - the dark one rethese hearth rugs, Ac, although darker; this is called contrast the dark. Nor will either prosper in the quilts, marks apply equally as well to the laying of tone. Blue must not be placed by the twilight or in the shade. , Show mo a fam- out of flower gardens, the arrangement of side of violet, because Jriub enters into the v ily that lives in a .house heavily shaded by the trimming of hats and bonnets, composition of violet: the blue makes the uveruauging Doughs ot trees, so that the bouquets, of zooms, papering ot walls oi tne violet look faded, while the violet gives the sunsnine seiaom or never falls upoiuwy side paintmg of it, and I win show you a people who adornment of the person; and as we ladies blue a greenish appearance. A deep blue never enjoy good health. Thev are not ex are going into the printing business exten- and a deep red both gain intensity of color sively, my suggestions would also be appli- by contact with each other. Yellow and actly wilted nor bleached; but they have cable in the printing of rainbow colored blue are so dissimilar that their contrast is that bleached look presented by the unfortuvari- - sufficiently great to produce a favorable as-- . nate inmates of orisons, and f h A flrnoninnp cards, bills, and every finstance where I t !lt W COiOT in sociation, while red and orange are quite appearance seen in plants that make a poor or be discordant the reverse. Red and bluo harmonize betnothing may show of growing in dark, out of the way T' to or the criticising ter than red and violet; yellow and red harobserving places. Vigor is altogether impassible in displeasing the absence of sunshine. I know, many eye. Une thing to be remembered is, that, monize better than yellow and orange, alas to the musician a note inserted in the though these latter will harmonize better peopie wno think themselves intelligent, and who are filled with wise saws and sage wrong place is to his trained ear a discord, than red and orange, because red predomiso is the introduction of an inharmonious nates in the orange. For the same reason, proverDS as to the preservation of health; wno live in darkened rooms. Sunshine color a discord to the eye of the artist. How yellow and green appear better than blue often Is it the case in our associations to and green. When two light colors do .not fades the carpets-anwarps the furniture. a sister will bring out, for us to look Avell together, separate them with they say; but faded carpets are better than gether, that faded cheeks, and warped furniture is better admire, that exquisite bed quilt that has whi te, but th e deep colers should be separa- than crooked spines and bowed leggs and taken so much of her valuable time, atten ted by black. Red and orange do not look arms, Jblies will get into tho house if it is tion and exertions to put together? But wTell together, yet if separated by black an light, is another excuse for ample window she has embellished it with all the colors of agreeable and harmonious effect is produced. window curtains and heavy shade trees the the prismatic spectrum, tho hues of the Much more could be said on this subject. I with all the properties of the pho know from experience that my sisters, the latter, in many cases, the poisonous and too rainbow,and sciogenic elements of light and ladies of Utah, have in many instances, to togenic odorous Uhlnese Ailanthus; Sunshine is grand medicine for the invalid. shade without due regard to the harmony use up whatever pieces they may happen to and coupled with plenty of , fresh air. and that should exist in the distribution and ar have by them; but where we have to dye -rangement of tho variety of colors inserted. an3C them,jwercaa Jiave u.n leye to tliehari, preparations drawn-by-t- he This brings to my mind quite forcibly, the mony of colors. We must consider that piHuis irom air and sunshine, it is one of the nnest and safest remedies. It is also oho of scene of the colors displayed by the thou pink comes under tha denomination of red, the best of the preventives of sjVknosa sands of sisters when seated in our densely because red enters largely into the composi- Admit it, then, to every hook and corner of crowded tabernacle. Perhaps in a future tion of pink; as blue does :in violet, yellow your dwellings, that it may banish malaria. time, I may have something to suggest on m green and orange. In tho prismatic spec-and implant strength and vitality into your this subject, through your columns, to myi trxm and in the rainbow we look, for our; minas and bodies. And, speaking of the sisters of the Relief Societies. Understand standard colors; of these, there are three, Denents ot sunshine, we recommend a sun ing from experience that it is one thing to viz., red, blue and yellow. These are called shine bath. It costs nothincr, but. taken find fault, and quite another thing to mend a primary colors, and when transferred properly, it yields health, strength and elas-..- fault I purpose giving- a few hints on this through a prism upon a white surface, pro subject, realizing that the diffusion of all duce a white light; therefore, either one of litii ui Bairns. useful knowledge is a principle we, as a peo the three should .always be omitted and in; and from whatever source it never placed beside the other two. Echo Answers. Of what has heaven ple believe may emanate it is acceptable and instruct As my communication has already assum given us an equal share? Air. one ive. must observed have that Every ed such extensive dimensions,.whiIe tho What does a rumor often do when it flies? set when colors certain off brought vtogether, subject in hand is not nearly exhausted, I ; Ltiea. v : i . .it .1 i. - ii will defr further remarks till some future lovehest fl0Wftr that grows? altogether a different effect. This must be period. R. J. Filce. attcnaea to oy whoever. wouia dis L. 3. 20th careiuiiy Ward, City. w play.beauty or elegance in her work. Any What in manners'is jsuro to please? Ease. one color will appear well on a white ground. There are ninety.five ladies ia- Michigan Univer white, black or yel What will frequently overcome the most Red comes in between low; blue next to white or yellow, green sity, distributed through the different departments. austere? Tear. it is expected that Mis3 Nancy What loses its flavor when we borrow, it? next to black or white, orange or gold color of whichthenumber Medical Class, graduating in March. must be contiguous to black. or brown. Let Hill, of it " in Dubuque Iowa; and M rs. T. S. LawWhat is it that wealth seldom extinguish- meliere remark that a white article reflects will settle all the rays that constitute a white light, al rence in Emjkmii-Ki- in es? Wishes. : JancM. Slocum of the Law Class, will resume though in some instances it may reflect some : What traits are difficult to exterminate? colored light also, according as the surfaces her situation as teacher of Metaphysics and Science Innate. are smooth, rough, glossy or channelled. The of Government, in Howard Collesrc. at Union optical effect of a color is greatly modified Springs, New York. Mary P, StockbriJg V .., Mile, da Rothschiia ha3 just passed her cxaan- - by the condition of the surface of the colored tho other member of the law. Class, will remain nation as a public instructress. article; thus, pieces of silk, cotton, woolen, in Ann Arbor to study another year. j . - ; , . - . 1 A 1 S A 1 T . , d . -- e-restorative . - . . - . 1- -- t9,ir:.rayi "Hine I - , n 