WOMAN'S EXPONENT 50 B I A WOMAN. truly say that I am gratified with what, I remarks, with words of wise counsel, en see before me.' If there should be another treating the young sisters to put iri practice meeting of this kind, "we want each Ward what they had heard, etc. Counselor E. It. Snow said that if it would Association to bring the' minutes of one ' 6ILECTED. meetIng.-The:yoap- .As the twilight hours lx?gan, Pleadine with a son on duty, tfrglng him to he a man. d But unto the daughter Though with lore's words quite as ready Points she wit the other duty-- ? , s" blue-eye- r ' " Is it pnl"iultttfwisiWpp"dytr ' ''",'r r:' -- Every iaeling that Jg huaxanJiii 'i , If 'tis this to be a lady, f , Tis not this to be a wonian. t Mother, thenfUntJ your 4augbter Speak of ometblug higher far, , V v , S. , .; j Than to be mere7iasliipnVlayJ ' ' ' "Woman' is the brightest star. : If you, lb youri tirong a ffoctioii , k ' ' 1 ' r 17 rge year son to be a man,TtrTt'- -; ' I Urge your daughter np less' strongly ? To arise and be a woman. . , : . 1 Yesta womanj brightest model J Of that high and perfect beauty, f r ; Where the - Iiend to work wt life's great du ty. Bo d womanl naught is higher. On the glided 6restof fame; On the catalogue of ti tua ' r. fcoind and soul and body t-'-i , pea ted : passages of ng hpproccerrii Christ arid his JapOstlesand: ;the miracles they "perfbTrnetJrl used to wish that J;had lived in those days, and thought tho3e who lived thenr were greatlyblessedKDo we rHr&WEas tW WetWto school and er buiiiweelito flow.M alt re- - whom: - KicniiOND . t , Cache 4utJ ut i Lu rcezo anu uiara but I iuaiy. r v - ia- ar?W improv es held - r;4"t-iL.- ' WrA-'U'rr- ,,1 nave i v. is.-4rue- ;I BeTiedictlonTby 319thriR74 . rhU know rents received: T"Vrt know ii.oV this .work. : of you, . 1)eIr Exknt: havin-'lhes- e thF-Wesslngsi- blessings tu-ikl- i we ha ' , Barney made some excellent remarks. Mrs. ,W. East bore-Jitestimony to what had been said. It nvas moved- - and unani mously carried that the proposed meeting take ; place. Meeting then adjourned ; for :f .; I many as those who met in Ogden. Sister Horne has been speaking about your filling the positions that we are . now fill incr:.You .will have to fill greater positions as you have greater privileges and - blessings than we hadwhen" we were young. When I was yQungdttendSunday ; : t beas leach aclass oryoung ladleslmreatllngr' Mrs. could bTbrought'togeth'ertber'ewouId " VStrlve, my dear, to5 be a lady.' 7 WhalV a idy? , Is it somethingr ; ; ; ; r Made of. hoops, and silks, and airs, : ; Used to decorate the parlor, t, Like the fancy rugs and cbafrs? " beagreeableiherwoaldbanbtbeiet: - reserit a large assemblyjandve thought that ing of the. same Kind four weeks from tor if lioVn?trirt' f .ir??oc Afirwfjitinnft nf thi nirv rlav? nnrl thai. Mrs HV lYrtiov nmriA&ai A : , ladies'of-OgdcnTep- g tsonntu.'oi-csaicJuaK- - e 'k r There's no brighter,' holier naiaeT! iri; ;;; ? Be a woman! on to doty! 'H'p.f Raise the world from all that's low, " Place high In the social heaven : f Viitue's fair and radiant bow. T , ::r: Lend lhy inlluetice't'9 each effort ?r That shall ralse bur nature'humanV 1 ? ; Be not fashions gl lded lady De a brave, whole-so- u led, true woman ; , , .queen in neaven. r. mis is tneaes ern of our ?efinrV , rr-'-- C?ZSr? "r- 7 - -- r T."v Heavenlvther; but yotr cannot attain to this without preparing yourselves for it by i od: has blessed uwithiun ilwe keening the commandments of" God. 'and talents to ourselves ; and ; th U i :the serving Hfm with your whole hearts. ; To try toimprove , -live your, 'religion.; will not deprive von of place improve ourfmihds. warddes tihed' to great twdineii'ra'n'fl if we any true enjoyment Our aim in exhorting turn asiflftbecome it woro rwttr - .fnr tw trtritUW knH you to be trur 1 Saints, Is to increase, your never J 1 1 : rt ceiyed ho igb t.! v ; Every - y otf ii g happiness to guide you to that - which is lady Vhp joins ihii ssociatlbri :w1thhfe denooier ana purer than all earthlv sire nigner, S. BEPOUTa Jof improving,yiwilI feci ' the7 Spirit of It; tningacan possibly impart that rwhich the God iriber heart. Oarspirits weW reserved or God alone can bestow. In iMihutesloTimceUnff of the youner lii-- spirit minutes of your meetings are many j dles'x Jietrenchment Associations of Salt monies fromhose who know that 'thB Lake City, held in the 14th Ward Assembly MJra raU' renMrked, Kingdom of God. It'me eihort y6u;iiy I Koorns v ; . . rfmrrv:Ivriitn von ir sneakine' mrls if while t r 2 ;i August 20th,;1874. i. ' r zi. .? ? I . Meeting opened with singing, "Arise my uuu sisters, 10 oe- energetic in attendance 1 men i 'do dot let fT them bfVour rnPPtin wP '0hw i soul arise." Prayer i by.: Counselor. Mrs. much importance to them. ZinaiiX Young. 'lu Singing, "Glorious things , . . 1 . Z w ! I V 4SC.IV& T f 1 f 1 :' - iS. -- j : v-Aon- It l?:l::ate?Mbe are-lukew- -- Wf arm ; was moved,' and seconded that Mra Groo act as Secretary . of the uiKes a, gooa t deal of ) morale courage: at 7 C j meeting. . . r : mnu.r is properly used crreat eood ean Ifelihnp t i i t. ii ; u ' 1 old wjiu; piwcm,,; ' ;jine varieiy; "The following wards Wero i represented: cuv.ca . Several other addressed sisters th&meeHnt, " v i iu yur iniust, iorne younsr 4th, 7th,t8th, 9th, 10th, ilth;;14th, ahe2rid, atten? religion of the Gospel. She cited the 1 1 5th;. - - : . ; ldth, 1 7th and 19th. The minutes of Hnr k .ulwitli nfnft xl. .the Junior Associations of the ,8th iand Hth Adam e Maggie f M. - , m 1 ZVF? i'ran?Hy lne - : Wardswere read.,' ,:v:"vd r im".':-:f Remarks by President Mrs. M. J.; Home: jIf. there s one thing I like more than an-- - other, it isfto see you young Lxdies stepping onvard and striving to do ycur duty,: To Srrioit is a cheering sight. ; If you seek.for the Spirit of God you ! wilV be enabled .tp speak such things as will be beneficial to one i another Tho ideas that are advanced by - you young ladies are excellent;- continue in 1 the way you. aro goin g z and ; wh en . you be-- come aged you can look back upon your - for-,in-er days With" pleasure. : We: :0Ught to feel and Eve in the garden of Eden and selves for all that is in Rtofo far thei faithful She said: Sister Snow is Willing to render you all the assistance eho can j it does not s - diminish her stock of knowledge' but increases yours. - You shouldkeep a arid pen down what wnrs of Ihtomstdiary, tioh day, also write your thoughts so that whrin you write a letter you can write it readily withoutTiesittion. - You should never be afraid - to ask whether you are right or wrong; go to your mothers with your troubles and ask their advice. I ask God to ....... r; v Diessyou. r,7v:.,' - -tl0? journal oi discourses, and other' nnnrnnri. ate books and papers. But thd,ExPOKElT is our ravorito from whibh; to select pieces for reading, and w'pray for: its corifibued -- Success," -- Miss an-otb- .7 r. id MAiiy Stewakt,' President, Miss PnEBE MERBtLt; Secretary.- - er, " I5iu, ririrTIrf " . Sisni. M?ZSh -- Wf1? SffS iorifhf I? U EDITOBWOiriNVXPONENt'; thankful that we are living in tho days when The Nephi7 Belief JSwietyhheld tbeir there are prophets and apostles, and appre- ciate the blessings which: God' has bestowed yearly meeting on the leverith'1 of July. There was a good atfenciancb;3bbth of breth- us. One should not depend upon upon counselor Mrs. S. coT.i.iIt Hi Kimki ren anu sisters, uur pleasure was bu t each should know for herself that I ieei.to ask .au interest a vonr in nnhnWri fhh ;.this is the Kingdom of God. ..By the still small voice of thelloly Spirit you can know: bua5'? fp spc!lk 10 you- - Smoot and Dasenbury;trProVo; Bra Bring- en-and by asking of God your Heavenly Father. fhe ' "'ou3 for hurst of Springville'nd by the presence r. r vounr-fnthn nu I hope you will all fit and qualify yourselves VMM ,uur nnr "Muuji-auunis uoanseiors. 'in ey au 1 i" , . ; to fill responslblo positionsand thatTyour has manifested great interest iaour.welfare and an!.? t llyes will be such as will be worthy of imi. of years, prosperity; gave us much good counsel;, en- tation. After many other good remarks she hear you young coiiraged us to go on, an'd do all 'said, "May God bless you is my prayer in y'U The qur power; to meet .together -- dnenlnd en. aotr.day.. the name of Jesus." not hcre ch other, .which tho : laithfulafew Sdav r?Snladie3 ntinue Jto do realizing it is Vmly ...Counselor Miss E. K. Snow said: lean UTmade yf- intorpstinn--1 8LiU m lithfuinPQQ through ... v,w fr,of t All UUUUU .u(4ii 4JVJ? . i ...hj un'Mvfr0 . c0ga - - .... -- 'ii 