X PON ENT W 0 MiN' 86 or ijorar wilf keep the chintz bugs at a respectable will bo made by .the most skillful sclentisisvj-aid- ed dlslanced travelers should always carry a packby instruments of the most ; appro ver4j construction. ....,;..,.nv','?. n.;,: .. ' t. age in ineir nana wags, u aca ict . y vc mu ' The last, transit suswas der tJieir pillows ivh'ere they baye' reason .fo' j - JBTM. U BBISB i- -Ir ' There plenty of suasblne tot spare lor us all, ; ' pect the presence of 'such $' Then Into our lives let ui take It:' ' Tbo'wwM, though brimful of tho ffiortoas Hffbt, '; i Con be dark if jwo choose so to make it. We must open our hearts, let tbesuojjght pour in ' IIYiGIIENIC NOTES. And light up the dark, dreary places; With suihlne without and sunsalne within, - For the Exponent.' II. ; , Nevermore shall we see gloomy faces. For CuiLiiLAiNS.;1Oxgall; olive 'oil or Vq should seek out the lives that are gloomy and sad, coat oil,-spirioi lurpeniiiie auu uumyuvrt Where sunshine perchance hath .ne'er entered, A n' : ' And give te them freely from our brimming cup, " ' Where sunshine and peace have long centered. iCiKCErWheiitra;caiicei first appears Oh! all the world over there's light for us all,' it'inay.be kined.lj into our lives let us take it. . v.y.v ' winter-firreen- u is also good to - take a glorfousiigl JTh e world, though krimlul lit tie of the oil iaternaUvi Cair be dirk, II we choose so to make it. bed-fellow.- r visible rfr6m',tli6 .eaHhVroccu - ",; tbe ;next 'ttat wir.,ba seen,' afterlthiseqr, bV in the will, r.'.20D4.'r''s tho pres.ent; transit wilt wcuir ittthe'winter, obseatidnsl ; r - -- - . a measuThe problem'is to 6btalnf a. two sides of triangle 'which 'berement, ing known will enable the4hird side to be will have to! be - by-angul- .- ts ar determined ? ofe i ! AN" INCIDENT "It'. i THE CARS. 1 On the whole pleasant " traits of character are att commoa.iri .b.anlLl3iid--6ftlid- h SHOUBEHOIin HINTS. expressed to my fjriend Surnioera the ptbej; dayy; In reply Ho iriy remarks Iia .related, a li ttle; ad ' venture it is apropos, nd rribreover gored dresses plenty of salt, and drip a little water on occasionally, involves awhich; . . love ."'Ecbndmy.TIaljjaaHas and sentiment, rrgive it little V. ', ii ' pieces are jeit to. Dioa ine poiiom, . especially . in To H A RDEN TENDER EET-- - S t ri) ng bn ne without apology, and In his own words. It solid coIorsrZ. I). Y. . that in the most unlikely placeslove and or salt and water is an eicWlIerit thing, for ' be discovered. 'sentiment ; To Restore Dim Writing, Pirn writing; nearly hard '; may also good .for ening tender'a feet.i " It 'jlis " hohle the lovely Charlotte wa I 1 escorting i effaced by age Eiay.be restored by the application sponge l.iL oatn, as ii, mvigoraies xno vynoie sys- --t ',;to whom at that time I. was quite devotana oj; a soiuuoa oi prussiaw oi potasa water. tem. -- A swallow of salt and water in' the ed. . Charlotte could scarcely;4flud roQm:;tO:i Wash the parts with a hair penal, and .the writing crinoline and her her iroluminis Spread tdTreventsick5 arrange head ache. good morijihg ...... f ous flounces. I stood up near heif there being Tffllappear if , the paper has not been destroyed. ; : iuDDEX ZiFor the Deatness. ear no vaca n t sea t. f Syringe h :' Glasses does Sunshine. It Looking spoiled by a caine few a Woman After warm water milk and with minutes, jbor in, increasing the who not seem to be generally imderstbod that the amal- heat ?is basket a clothes bit of frdnt 'the. somexAvo-odeposited can i it six r bear, you with mercury, hiqh is spread On platform,!and held i in . her armi a small child: ! gam of a smoothbole or while tweezer theawith times; a little clung tos" her arms. She is very readily glass platei'to niafce ttiei'kind'.remove' whatever looked tired, and weary something but there was no van ' crystalized by actinic solar rays. A mirror hung has accumulated. r IThlai oft6h sure to" seat instant Charlotte cant' be; gives might have ifhere the sun can shine oa? it is usually spoiled; it condescended to contract her flounces but she ' takes a granulated appearance familiar with housedid not. Beside her, however, skt a very keepers, though they may not be acquainted with lovely and elegant youiag woman, who seemed the cause of the change. In such a state, the e by'rmoving down dloserto 6theis, to . trving, - space makeenough for the stranger between is nearly worthless, the continuty of the I; - At last she succeeded'1' D- Miss tier. seland Ethnology in hair. Advantage is v face is destroyed and it will not reflect outlines with sweetest blush I ever saw: she in- ' -taken of the structure of human hair knd, with the '. '" any' approach to precision. Charlotte , vi ted the poor female to to determine i the different races of man D biush- "around" her drew 'arid her drapery To Cook 1 Fidd Peas.-as- h tlie neas and kinds Thehalr of the North American In f a" ttK) but it' was not pretty blush at all and ed,f soak them over night in cold water. Put them Ion dian ii cylindrical or round; thatOf1 the' she looked an noyed at the proximity'of the next morning to parboilin fresh water and let them white race is oval; and that pf the ' negro is new comer, who was clean and decently though bouYJialf an hour, adding teaspoonful of eccentrically eliptical, a kind of flattened th l nJyclad. The unknown lady drew the', lit tie girl upon.. saleratus to one gallon of peas-- , then: pour off the byal7VfTho,oyal hair.,' has. ,a her lap, and wrapped hervelvet mantle around the small half xlad forraj and.put her mufl over that every particle of alkali may be removed: then irives the tendency .fo that. the i r little hands. , . , - - v um mum i -, seasi w Was alone crowd sucn So the wv deemed '. that I y m as ' tnat oi ueci;ior . . .1 uirecuon. uyiinuncai sauj, itauuiug great i i ' '' on nair. uxug auc genera require .iQ.ce cooteai siowJy our Indians is eqaa all sides; hence, its to obserre.11 The Child shiveredthe keen wind uatuu vi iour cours. iucer oemg ooiiea unui per-- lank, straight condition, as there is nrrran. from; the door blew upon her un protected rieckv saw tho you draw: frontiinderTf-he- r jquietly fectly teiidcxthqy-RjmctimenctlrctcTiIng-p- sfinnFfiigritipipears uiaritle a. little woolen Shawl which she ina&lowoven. : v : : thatwhenthis kind of hair .is passed be- - softly put on theshdulders of the little orieV, wonaer. looKeu on Wlles' Kemoving Grease Spok-- In taking out grease After A short time' sTie arose' to leave the cars, " and would have treraoved ; the shawl; but the ) a generally make the mistake of wetting the cloth I ! :Now? as the cyllndricafhair unknown gently whispered," No, keep it for ( IUU1VXS 01 "jo conunenc oi with the turpentine and 'then rubbing it with , America, ner rne woman am noi answer, ' me conducV eyes swam-witDiAuo ui vauuu. xu uiis .way ine iat 13 viiuu i iy ay ijMie yumiy uoriginaLS, una, tor hurried. ber yiv as descended she noticed her tears. to a. base-- :! as. the hair I of the ancient inhabitants is also dissolved, but is spread over a greater spaca and is marked the house, j i r T not removed; the benzole or turpentine evaporates proved to be cylindrical itEisinfered that ohr ment, and I hastily ' Boon 'unknown also rose; to" xTepart. ' after my and the fat covers a greater distance than before.' Iqdians are the descendents of the ancle nt for I wanted to foilbwrand; : I Peruvians and their brethren. The Onlyway'to remove s is to place dinnover her :residehce,i but could . This is us.-- to whom the Miss D soft blotting-pape- r beneath and on top of the io h '.f.- - r.:lipleresting. .u. spot which is to be first thoroughly, saturated! with the records of the ancient xnhamtantsof .this ; How glaa then, t was, to see her bowing as continent are accessible and believed lin as she pssed out to a mutual" acquaintance who beniole and then well Dressed. The fat U a nistory and. .is only one' among the many stood lit the doVrwayi" ronibimere'niany dissolved and absorbed by the paper ' and entirely means miuute. I learned her, name and addressj r :I !, removed from the clothing. being used .toconnect the present To shorten the story as much as ppsib9, that ; - lady is new roy wife. In tbesmall ' inlKibiUnts tho Wltn of couthii V 7; incident wv,; pait , great (V which introducedTief to' me7she showed her r J; '.'ro'.ttie VixtoviT real chararter.'A few days after eur marriage qoans oi;..ppiuag twa-- ., i ,l 4? jJ uU uio tho alam 1: ndl!1.1.1 6?na.oa t showed. her inexaeKseo; crimson snawJUwuich iirp This event disappears;" ; Tnu Trt AN3IT OF 'Venus then apply it Tri& a brush, vhilq nearly .bailing of fcuch'iihmehseimrjOTtahce tb'"the ' scieri I redeemed from its oner, and shall keep as hotv. to every crevice in in vonr closo.ts. lv(l.rfM1a tlfliiviSfldi'thrtt rfn t tM, a memenio.rr Aere are .sometimes pleasant' v 4 Ui rt thiols to be frund In Unj&xpctedVplaces; leer- - I ' taluly I may be "said to ;har'eJ picked outr. my vyr P wlto tix the (.'W'BaUimOrdllvleWi '4' ti aui vum vie wiui hcji oilier jn nuimnosu .lum. is Added to thojlimit yviiumy, a.&.-Pk?&o-f of knowledge 'thaf: will, ; it (s to i thepursuit givENViuncfred Vfe'maleC telegraphists we V .wuTto.8erve.tb keep, insects at a distance. : Cock bb hbped,' determine the exact' distance . employed' in, "the 'Central Indonp6stp3ce." icnu.wiii ceo tiio paint tnat nas .beenwaihed ia of tho sun from the earth.1 ' cooli ilaa wiier. Susir barrcli end boxes tsia bo : Halley, the great astronomer, was 'the Their wages vary fron 14s. tq .lCs.fa week. first to point out the application of the ty ?wg:4.chalk-:tsark-JvA eo at voyage with a kite as tho" iaark. them, cf sit of Venus across the sun's disk as a means motive 'power ;Tli9. top Is 'to be 'attempted- fix)m ' znTist bo. unbroken or they will cn p .over it; but a of ascertaining correctly tho iMlar distance, Bridgeport, Ct.;' to- Kew York City;' Tho wnannous chalk mark half an inch ia --will The occurs next 8 Decern-stransit on: ;width the th of kite Is 12 by; 20 feet; and1 will take a boat their depredations at naught. Powdered alma ber of the when observations present year, - . i, . Fob Burns. Never forget salt for bums; If the skiu is brokenf put a piece of thin ' cloth over the" flesh before "putting on the -- ; , 1 11 . ars ap-pe- , J . ' 1"'a"'-L- J---- i 5 ; " 1 tt r- -- -tt- rrr -t-"t -- I -- -- tin-fo- il - ot looking-glasse- s, , , . 4 i ; I 1 " ; : ar-tid- . " - Joe-seate- 1 d., . one-four-th ' gre.ate-numbe- r curLoV-;crvo-i- 4 t -- half-froze- n , . - v- - .-i -- -- - -- e ng-la- dy i : ; . : 1 r ine-moine- - wun-coniuse- u itytof h utj-buti-he- , ,v ! , -- Wa4-Tiu-despai- r; nbt-Joave' grease-spot- t ! : 3 ! V'i r' .r."1?- . t 'r: w i - -- i -- -- ! -- ; ! t P tran-at-flsecft- ho : - - - et : - 1f 