W 6 MAN'S 44 ; SPLINTERS. Sorcn ijarseiii a IJane suicided in an old log cabin, oh the County ro ut ; Domestic troubles supposed to be the a quantity clothing ciuseReeehtljr was stolen in the ntehtr from. 3ir. uuves tailor shop oh Third r South St,v.u..The ah uaat session of? th 6 'Rocky fountain Con ference of the M. E. Church commenced in this citv. on the 13th inst, about twenty - in resident and Visiting 1 clergymen-Sve- ro s McEwanhas been attendance;.;...Mr.-Joh- ; ; SCIENTIFIC. ; heretofore offered, and which are fully equaliat JUeUaved, toit!sth officers feel justified incuts of the territory, in asking for it the influence and patronage of. ar earnest; to the friends of teducation.-r-The- jr build up' the cause of education in our midst and to fortify our honio institutions by making preof a liberal patrobagel-rl- n for paring the Scientific Course bt InstrucUon students of the University, great care has been taken to select only such studies as are in some decree essential to an acquaintance1 with the principles and knowledge Of practical life Thus pruned of what is purely theoretical or a practicaf ne, in "the the course it has -- :i r-- . JAn LOCAL, - r, ,f ; EXPO NENT. elected Recorder of Provo Mining District. u. novey. snows, from facts citedthat the:bite of a sfcunKiis no.triv hi wavs fatal and is to be dreaded as : dog much as that of a rattlesnake .....;Lato instances have proved that feather hfida a ro no protection against lightning..!. A German" paper states that elastic , cords havo'been successfully used i for'cutting ' off tissues and removing swellings and tumors without pain or loss of blood to the patfent. 4Sclence, by the Rev. U or-ma- d them-worth- y? ; disci-nlinar- vl . THE WOMM'S EXPONENT. ir sensawhlchiJmian ""rAlderman-iVrPyperhavingbe- cn : quire such information and attain tolsuclidisci- " pline that, We may be cqmpreliensiviftm th ;wi 10 view gupjecis-i- ii ;ThC burning lueir iauo iigii m w warilpadcd btaat charcoal , has .occurred twice bandy cbcecutewitimutbIundcrMoT wutiaA sm!.mnnt.h1v- - In Salt Lake City; Utali. and rn circumstances similar under tion lately, nn innr nn vpar. S2.00-- . one copy tlx months, course is so shortened as to pbce itwithinthe A proposed cheap excursion7 from this City T,ro. 51 go. Ten copies Jor me pnee 01 nine. auauauiS reach of :every youth truly desirous of an edu- U.Sevrates: Each equ&re, eiM lines of nonparcU space, one to San Fransisco has fallen through: cation.VEnough time and effort, it is bliyed, erarcandidateslila are usually spent by those attending: bur regular aQveruBers. South et" repudiated their nominations before the Exponent Office, on West Temple Senear First from 0 schools, in desultory and consequently almost ; "election on1 fiir1 iJrd inst;iUlQyer seventy Rt.: nTmodte Citv Market place, . Baeiness hoursto 4 p.ro. on Mondays and Fridajs. i r profitlessstudy, that, if wisely directed; wpuld two hundred; bnMhe list of a.m. nmps.'nnt--'ftAddress all pasmess commamcauuu wi enable tliem to. reach a respectable degree! of '.Jurors for the Second judicial District; were Salt Lake City, Utah. attainment fin education, j vxt us .urgeailieTe rho5ri?frrim Ymo nreciuct aloneV This was forethat all who enter this school pursue reguto secure as many possible r; :. .; ;.A fire occurred lat Bingham on thislOfh; larly and fully the course theyTmay? select" 167.' CITYr LAKE August SALT lj; - six buildings1 were1 burned.;. No students, however, will be admitted unto .:ngaiiese . the Institution who are noted as refractory, or has been found at or near Parloy's-Park.....DESERET UNIVERSITY. : who are not thought to be earnest for an educaDr. S. B. Y6u; has been .nppoin ted City -- nV-Vy' tion, and vhb have not the necessary acquainPhysician. edu-r of advance the in deeiiinterest tance with the f common' branches to enter its Keeling a ' ' "x ' cation in cur midst, and being desirous of pro- Preliminary Course.' :''ojf. ':: tile Gen; last raVmbqi: Gen.Hjilyer, i u our humble way, we We have been lengthy' ori this subject be . Grant's" original staff, died recently. .....lion. moting its interests, above to the attention feel in a calling cause we" realize it is of deep importance, and pleasure : Chas; :JEL DeLong Jately. lectured tqa full do morebeeauso the named We go, institution. that it is th6 duty of our citizens to sustain as house, at Eureks, jSev., the proceeds yere to the is in it accomplish designed good far as possible our home institutions of educa for the relief of the sufferers by the late in it this or not for i intended neighborhood lion. . . . city undation ., ....The rumor that . t ' ' who" all for mention we whole would that.lad y alone In but the for concluding, AVillson had resigned or intended to on ac Territory; count 6f ill health, is coiifradictcd by au- desire tdirtid can avail themselves of the ad- studeitrafe admitted ori equal terms with the ft' thority.. i;.. Senator 'Schurz has :ncarly re vantageitj)her3-- : n: ;:v.i3V .jI a;lzm ; genuemenj anu wiis lias ueeu laejcuse, wo ue vJth thef compiiraents of l)r. : J Ri Park; ieve,' from the1 commencement This may, be covered from the malarial fever jindcx Jiaustiou, caused by over work, from which President of the University, we have received thought of but little importance by, man of the sexes is he has been guttering..... .Cnaries r.f X5eeKC, the "Circular of the Academical Department'!! the subject of the w;e is J the African explorer, become one of the prominent questions that reported dead...... for the year 1874-7- 3 which is intended, so Is on Cush man villa in her Charlotte f!Z' think iigitate 'the 'educational 'wdrld, living understand, for distribution to thosejvvhq ; Rhode Island avenue in Newport.,... The of patronizing the University and desire ' to Emperor of" Germany sleeps on- - a narrow' JfiuaJSomjBthlpgt TREATMENT IjOELAHIIsIALS. iron l)cdstead, with pillows, and mattress cilities, the course of etc. The teach studies, 'J harder than are used by the common people ers all bear a high reputation as educators, and Ji Twb instances1 have occurred laely, in -- this in his domaini;T.:Unclo Jake Nobles, iiged from a personal acquaintance with . Dr.'.Park city, of children being severely bitten ' by dogs. r one hundred and ton, and, Sarah Peoples, and others of the U . we feel confident they tir:uf..i. ii.li Jil-i- i' faculty iiiniK r umr uog whjch uu it. vc , or aged eighty-f- i vc years, were" recently mar--" will labor ' for thct r testl 'interests inuugiii, of faithfully ried at Hot Springs, Arkansas .'Geo. E. nowti'fto be tIcious, should ;bq either sliot or "care." ' AUhpugh the classes their under those Hoar it not anxious, seemiugly, to be the illedin some ijulck and merciful inanner, or, if at ofstudentsadmission oion-tare the any A1 not killed, should be So confined that theylcan Republican candidate for 'Governor of ass- 1 recomraenu wewoum stuuenta time iq '...Prince ywut do no harm: Cases p( hyurophdbia, one of the achusett3..;.l. Leopold, 'Victoria acayoungest feo:i, is ' to study law.. .Marshal w ith the commencement of aiteripj-.ThQ'- . most fearful deaths, have- been ' unusually freten into of four is terms, Riizaine, with his wife, escaped: fromrhis demical year diyided quent in the! Eas;,4 clurihg'the present hot' Rea21th on one the weelvs each the firsj beginning prison on the Isle of St. Marguerite on the son and thesb'shVuld be a warning to'ajl. There to one. is .iThero 10th imU fcaturelweLare; pleased : just, TJi c .whole, ajrair ,was plan nod are persons and often young peoide who will not notice; particularly jfar the purpose of thoughtlessly) or iiialiciousiyj tease and beat of to the, take proviadvantage 'pcrsons their dogs or cats, whoso.-- bites are ,'aid '''to '.be i sion it contains, but to show that the Institu;i lirct llurtc is said to have written his last tion ris one intended for the people. It is con dangerous, until hc&e:,dunib brutes , become ; either more savago in their natures or maddeue! story,' ;jJohri Oakhurst." Undone night.;! tained iii the following pararapjii ' fy ' at the time. Buch cruelty is inot rcprchensi- Mr. James T. 'Fields is to deliver acourscof to .Vlh'order aU ble, for while it is a violation of morality and 5 C six lectures on "Modern English literatmay be desirous of attending the;Institu-tio- religion, it is too often the cause of some one ure" in Philadelphia j next winter. .. ... .San who and yet are unable to bear the cost of tui- being dangerously hurl by .these animals, while Avritten jarticlas papersicontaining r tion , the Chancellor a nd Boa rd of Regcn ts ha vc under the influence1 of such treatment. .Pdrcnla ;; .by Henri Rccheforth have? been sei rid by the - French Government at the : Pokt OiBrq established n Beneficiary Foundation. ,By its' should kindly and1 intelligently; teach: their ?in ParH.;).v.The pubU?hers of jtf Aiding,", provUions, such rscrsohs are. admitted ,ak. stu- children by example and precept to be kind to a popular Uutrated peripdicali are said to dents in the; UiUvcrsUy free; of charge. Those domestic aniihals and tn(PveV';'ill-trea- 't or tease havo failod- - "Th tirnv slate however, that iio are desirous of a vailing themselves of Chi3 thcinanj If they toacli thcin to be' merciful to i tlio failure first apply ts (he President io thc'dunicreaCu bo can may provision; T. 1 . . i iJ t i i! i' the Faculty,-i. . under tho'dominiou of man and 'for his use, ' written several books of ; jiocms yhich The following extracts arc from the closing they will be developing qualities that wUl rentoken rare, geniu? but arc deeply, imbued "Address to.Parcnts, Guardians and Friends of der their children ir.oro estimable in the sight with the fctupcrstilious spirit of the ancient Education."- -: "As the now possesses of their felIow:men and more truly, noble in University ' norsemen.; facilities for advancetl education exceeding any their natures. : : commissioned by thelOoverhorps now the - praIi " - r1u grixxj: mcnAitDs, Editor, COrisiilA 21, 'noitSE, Business Jtlnnnger. 1 - , . - 5 ! , 1 - t - ; - f ; 5 li rioh-Mormbh- t sS . . , ; Vice-Preside- nt 1 4 1 i co-educat- ion . to-il'ay- J? ii. I o - 1 - - " 1. 1 J. J. 1 - J iu-duci- ng ! , i ' ; if . ; n, : t. bridged-pycr'-...-.Iis- " . 3 " . - 