9mm aBBMMaaiwJKMeiaaaBt! t j .. , ., - ..... p. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' '. . '?-. - , a.' - w" j PEAND SCISSORS. is to commence f, early to7 give ifrequent, the rest of you take the: apple'and give me sttort lesions toTrepeat .eachjessDir until it a piece." -". .sfex.;L6 tns calls f ts great 'bridge fji ti e 6u ckl e Is cbmprehendedT and never tp attempt to CERTAXNt young lady i unguardedly : ; teach two or more lessons at one time. De- jA oi the nations iron beU."iW the remark in a family circle, that which n cide ypuAvapt does ra;inan"ieelTgirlBh?-rWIie"when gentlemen eat ,warm maple sugar it ;,:WiiE2f . . ' i n one or the other, and the first lesanimal '. mamen into their mustaches and makes them! t jie.inoKca ins speech. son having bceri auired, f;the, second will gets seratchys'vHerM be attained without trouble ie routine how r iJ she found it ouL , how the other half ilivV-- is It any of their of as practiced in the Britbusiness;? rf.' ish Isles, is, .first, make the. horse mouth's A GttAPEsfioTV probably; fired "during the and give him a good carriage. This is ef ; MRS.: WILKINSON was found a fected smooth In the other the Revolution, by using heavy, mouthing day heart of a tree;twenty inches in diameter, shafile, buckling the loyer reins to the side ; Is now constantly receivicsr lir Fall Stock ot of his roller, and then permitting the pupil jnVerm&itV:nto for t stood. A2iJX4Ll 0'- I! to remain loose in a roomy box stall, where v :i fionslsting of aXt the New Styles of Ladies' ITats acd he; can move about and play with his bit Iloiiuets, Velvets, Flowers,,. Feathers, Elbbons, nne as- irCTenyme : bear arms would not be :Thi&wilKcfi icause togeinerv witn av ear . ; , . sortu.ent of - Ladies . t hjte tlieyianhot e soon Woolen Children's As Underwear; s,Cloaks, Caj olliur.;juethodr any asthefcx)Itft . one whit more, unreasonable" -- Goods, etc. L. : vol-unieer- ed - - . . horse-breakin- r'V'1 . : ? g, - ? . i- ; . . t ' . -- f iney tJIostile IxDrA are1 ; f , llaud-mad; -r--- -- - - ; ; ; may be mounted. As carrying a weight on -7 his back is quite new to the youhfir horse.care DINAVO O D EY- - . II. should be had not to permit hini to travel fast er than a walk un til his action has become easy Wholesale & Retail Furniture Dealee! and free, from "''"A5soren:in7;UtaW many weeks, he should not be allowed to do He hes removed his Furniture from Main St.to Lis three more than trot, gently on level ground, and r. ttowy ;12rick Store never be galloped unless on springy . turf. CORXER. ' Too deep a soil causes a horse, to labor, if! , first south st.; H block: west OF frequently galloped on such his action be comes higher and less rapid than it other wise would Jia ve been.1; XiJ H: WALLACE lias the best, large t and purest slock of confec tionary in Salt Laiebity:"' Just the place for ladies diversions; . reported have to"; 1 . been seen on the line of4 the1 Union Pacific 3IialIroalJ,?at3Tor near Norlh Piaffe, eb. Horses; in that 'vicinity have misterously l disappeared, and one manias ibund dead 3 with a bullet hole in his back; ij; ;MnsCyNTniA Ionard of Chicago an rnizaJ16nlpf vyqiiieii known as! the - 'Gopd Saroari tanswhscoy struggling ivoraen and prevent asTar as pos sible their falling into vice. ;; Success attend iKll-AiijrzfT'- ' - '? v- ;'' co-o- : p, rr: . . their worthy undertakings. " V ' ' literary work jias been under-take- n to purchase. t r"v:.v. cook and Ministers of tite Intcriorhe' by an English, gentleman, under a ; commission from the trustees of the British the doctor. ' ; v J DOCTOK CROCKWELL Museum. It is a reproduction of the titlp Two things.that are weakened by length- book entered at Stationers1 page of every HaS hart nearly 40 rears experience Wthe treatment tit and sermons. ening Steamships I female disease making- their comphilnts a speciality. He since the beginning of the llali; London, aarei easy anl speedy reiiei In peri toua cases, 8t,arauttea ii WAi.trM v The St. Louis bridge is grand J without the reign of Ilenry the Eighth; ! ; unpleasant anlianfferou3 me of Instruments, but is not without a pier. HI remedies fill the nuptial couch with bllssi surrounds The Inaugural Meeting of the driving .the Joyousones and prevents their untimely ad- xuiesi lusuince 01 onerinaiitv in a vent.heart with Park.Asspciation, was marked by the great' .?."!' i est trotting event ever known. , , On tho He refers to hl3 numerous patrons for the last 10 years V; d marriage announcement is the following "5;V... InUtah. : day, Aug.i2, Goldsmith Maid trotted a 1 the Itosidence near streetcar track, 9th Ward, Fourth . cakejiosaL Salt Lake City. East St., miieVsquarely In 2.14,; the fastest time on Tue latest thing In hats -- Heads;: -record ,This h , a f. wonderful performance " On a week day you buy 'your music bv and eclipses the Maid's previous elforts ! CLUB RATES. me while Bonnets celebrated Dexter, and all sneer, uu buudays you can have it bv otner iast trotters nro thrown completely in iuu uiioir. ' Determined that nothing phall be wanting on the'part : ,. . "i;rl:.-tho'shade.. V At a hotel table, one boarder said to hi3 nf ihn Pnhnshp.rs. to 'Increase ;the rirenlatlon of thi Mr Aha Free Training hOTlotTWomen neighb0r:Thi3-mU- 3t EiPoxEVTiand aid In rbmotinsr the oWecta eontem: in New York, a class is to be organized for for Chickens.7,' : "Why?'1! asked: the Other, plated in its, publication, bj making ifc trnlx an ' ; s6eri ladies who will be charged a nom i nal fee, never I've any dead ones ncnt of the views of the Tromcn of Utah, sustained by and they will bo instructed in the art of hereabouts.,? them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a ' circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer judicious purchase of 'provisions and house-hol- d the hearing of an Irish base mr an as widely In, the following liberal terms to clubs for the present toI- goods. In the free cooking 'class, just sault and a counsel, while cross-ebattery, inaugurated girls will bo taught scientific amining 0110 of the witnesses, asked him .10 copies;! year with a copy to the getter up of cooking, by a ' Trench cook, and several what they had at the first; - , - sis 00 ' they stop I the cluD. other teachers. it is the inteu-tio- n ped. "Four glasses Of ale."placeWhat 1 to a un ccttcr the Wr. IS next?" of vith copy copies. to open d restaurant in the building, by "Two c 00 the club, of Avhiskey." "What next?"! . glasses which tho institution may bo made to 20 "One glass of brandvl" u" What next?" copies lyear, with a copy the getter op of s ' ' -- r ; t . - ; ? -- 1 ;., sec-on- "i ..:,.-!- , Xodsa '. ' ii-j- ! : - ' expo-"Becau- , se : ; -- x: : , By-and-b- ye . . enemxinff 12 x 16 the club, and framed inches, of President Brisham'Yonn'r. jcllinjr f i price, zz.w SO a with to cettcr copy the up of copics.l year, i I the club, and a Rnperior first proof pteei cn- -j graTing of President Brishm rounjr, hand-- soincly framed, telling price 24 ; Intejlect or; AV05iEN.-Th- 6 Clicster 4 Dean , of recently mado a speech in which he quoted the opinion of the examiner of Latin at the collegiate schoolsio the cfTect that, comparing.iho girls with the boys who had been1 studying during the samo time, he would give a verdict .decidedly in faVor of the girls, ine tendency of modetn inquiry is to show conclusively that the long accepted ; theory that sex aiTcct' tho" mind, and that men nre inherently t more intellectual than women, is errpneousi When we give women" tho same opportunities in modern society that we give men,1 in the way of inaustry.ana.eaucation.what is called the Woman Question will settle itsclf'X. T. Da. Hill, an Edinburgh professor of the last century, met, in the suburbs of the city, a nian who was generally regarded , as an imbecile. Somewhat irritated by. the In trusion on the privacy of his walk, Dr. Hill said to him, "How long, Tom, can one live without brains?" " I dinna ken," answered 10m; now long has yq lived yerself?1' f ' I suppose if thare want a solitary human being on the iace ov tho earth, tho sun would still rise in the east and set in the Z l 00 43 00 ": Cluhs can be commenced at any time, and additions ; ean be made after the firet list of names l;as been sent.'' Gettcra up of clubs 1 hould" notify us of their In tcnUons so that we can credit them with all names tent in. I In all cases gire the came and residence of each plainly and correctly written, with the time when each sulcription is to commence, and whether for ' :. a whole or half year . west, the volkanoes would ocknsirinniiv at letter tterkk Money can be remitted by regktercd I XT : vnmif f?ro' o xiiuKaru : wouiu Keep on roar- - of the publishers. ; s lots OV pholks Who don't Subscribers desirii)g the addrs changed from one it, uui uiare -t niiu tu. josn liiiungsf. 3; Post Office to another thould send us their former, as , The head of the family is about to eat an well as their new address. t ncraia. - We hope that agents and ladies throughout .the TcrrI- or IIorse Breaking. Miss tory, especially Presidents and Officers of Keller Societies will aid us by gctUng up clube, by bringing the Middy Slorgan is good authority on training VtA waufc a . -Z.Z ttl4lt;i is tho .way she puts it: The iNiece "Won't von nl piece." f&Torably to the notice of n on subscribers and colts, and this secret of success in breaking, yoxng horses otherwise using their Influence to Increase Itsclrcnlapiece,:, too?" Father (disgusted)-.une- re, u0n and usefulness. eub-scribc- i,k . .l . Rudimits -- Ex-pote- st -- Hi; 