HISTORIAN'S OFFICE, L.yzjJ.a-,R.!a-.'-- Saints. of Latter-da- y - WO M AN' S E X P O N E NT. seetheni, and show you how to take care of .-. them." And so we walked on to see the flowers. . "What is this big bunch of tall buds and leaves flowers opening red, white and pink?" enquired my visitor. ; ' ; ; f "Peonies," said I. "You must got a root in fall or spring, and if you take care of it, in two or three years it will be as nice as this. And that till spike of curious shaped flowers n or antirrhinum blossoms is the the second year and keeps on for yearsis easily raised and very showy. So is the canterbury belle over there, just now about to bloom. Those gay flowers are sweet "peas, which I planted early in the fall; and you see they bloom so early and look deliciously- .- ; .. . snap-drago- ho passed them. His conduct was noble and manty, his manners, entirely free from were cordial and easy. Ho pre Through the politeness of Mrs. E. Goddard, we are p ermitted to publish the following sented in person his friends to us: after FBQMTHE SANDWICH ISLANDS. af-fectati- on, which he walked among the crowd and shook hands, it seemed to me, with everybody, and was extremely sociable with all. Laie, Oaiiu, Hawaiian Islands, The choir and school children sang for him, April 2Gth, 1874. and he delivered a short address, expressThe weather of tho past few ing his high appreciation of the prosperous days has been extremely warra Our Con- appearance of the people of Laie; said he ference passed off in a very spirited man- was deeply impressed with the sentiments ner, the white' .breath fen having a good expressed in Brother Mitchell's prayer, flow of the spirit of the Gospel, and the was offered at his solicitation.) he natives seeming to partake of the same in- (which had heard a deal about the people of fluence. This is a strange people, Laie and had.great come in person to see them; of them will their faults extracts from a very interesting letter: i , - many acknowledge fresh andlloveTy " commit the same sins over aeyin. But ished to see the number, of when they would do right, evil is ever: be- never seen so many for .:childrej::hehad the number of aU flowers the bloom, in; "afterladmiring to from of fore the them them tempt paths iu "what are all these little plants Bong the virtue. We cannot be any district he had yisited, grown people at this, His Majesty was followed by his Excellency surprised ,: , Wf -- i borders?" r we consideration into life of Governor Noa of Kanal, a real clever lookwhen take the "These," I answered, "are the sorts of idleness and so profligacy they led for many ing old gentlemen, who war perfectly deposies I shall select you seeds ot These years before the Gospel found them; And lighted with all he saw, The speechify I rig are balsams, that mass is phlox, those double them any too soon, for the closed with a short one from Brother Mitch! zinnias and chrysanthemums, this is a bed it did not find are wide spread among themj ell .who seemed death of China pmks and these my corner poppies. seeds of fully charged for the' occabe will the and it only by redeeming power sion. He explained some of the objects of All these are easuy erown ana wui mate a a will be saved. remnant that of the Gospel r-our, being here, which were to teach the charming display for annuals." honor had We the of the entertaining So we went and selected the seeds, people the principles of life, how to improve Islands in of last the Wednesday, King to those above named, dwarf convolvu their social condition to be industrious and two about hundred ladies with company that they, being a branch lus, nasturtian, verbenas, scarlet cypress, and antL social of gentlemen political high of the houses of Israel, tho Lord would portulacca, &c. on round theTsland. their way rank; They to "Now," said she, "tell me how plant started from Honolula on Monday and de gather a remnant of them into His fold. He blest tho King and told him that if he them." round the sign Saturday by making trip would aid in the good work of redeeeming Said I, "You mustscald the cypress seed, can You when my imagine feelings night his people, his reign should be filled with the portulacca you must not cover more on a incame aiternoon xuesaay message than a quarter of an inch deep, and the peace, prosperity and longevity. The spirit us to his of intention here stop forming same. The others may, be of the Lord manifestly rested upon us all. poppy about the to and desiro his see all the The King said he was greatly impressed covered half an inch deep. Keep the Wednesday, on Island. the I people living acknowledge are until the up. It that I did not know how- - to commence j to with what had been spoken, and we-haplants ground damp should first be well spaded and pulverized j since heard of his high appreciation of it. for a such as we prepare reception. Living, Dinner being ready they partook of our then spread oyer it about three inches thick far from our source of doso Honolula, only ness of old, well rotted,fine manure and spade hospi tali ty to th ei r h earts content-and- -d as to to send it render impossible with a "God speed" to all. "again. Then lithe ground is clayey ground, supplies, we to want there of were for time, obliged sand and spade make the best of what we had. And after "Yesterclay Bros. M. BrTYburig, B: String put on about three inches of J all up again." : ; ham, and W. H. Branch, left for the fields was all had to I the it over, proved saying of labor appointed thent at our laie Confer"O dear that'll make one's back ache," be a "Where a will there's there's true, ': ; ' ence. Bro. Y. goes to Maui, Bro. 8. to observed my visitor. to went all work with I the faith I way." "But you must be a little cute," said t, Kanal, and Bro. B. jio Hawaii. They will and food could which get, upon provided be separated from us and rfrom each other "ana wnen you present your nusDana' or s or and then there "dined, son with a new shirt or pair of socks or sixty until next Conference. They are bravefel-low- s, ' , all of his some was left. We entertained full jbf faith arid good . aspirations. . pants, then put in for your flower garden. friends Majesty's particular atthehousef v' Or if they like custard pie or anything else, God bless them I . were the for rest at the provided 'meetinjr Brother Mitchell's labors are such that he particularly,. fix it ' up, whatever the men house, where j folks had all the beef, they pork, like best, and then intercede for the never rests a moment it seems to me. But sweet and could eat. potatoes fish, poi they ho is where duty calls, his duties! being! so spading and preparation of your flower gar- Brother Mitchell two mottoes; one, painted be And done wiU den. if you manage "Welcome it to Laie," was placed numerous that time lor needful recreation Kalakana woman. a as I he has none. He tells me. to do as the Nacontinued, where he first came .Then, right, the the upon ; land; tives say so of te n, "Hon manawanul." (Be make little anils, sow your seeas ana cover enlive at the the other, "Long King," the ground with an old piece of carpet until trance of the patient.) And I suppose It would not be out a from short distance gate big the plants beein to come up. Then remove the house. of place to get you to recommend tho same an Each formed was arch and it and keep them properly moist until ornamented with fern for the consideration of the brethren to and leaves vines. too trans shade the ground., If. thick, they half past eleven, his Majesty rode: up whom he should have written but' for want At to where some them other of time. 7V"'7"'71"'' places plant with the whole company dressed in uniform; of Our to flowers wish consists diet you grow." prin Ipilly.'of rice, sweet in the over red black shirts and gentlemen "Well," said she, "there's work in this, pantaloons, and the ladies in short red potatoes, flour, beef, brown j sugar and poi. jackand in fact I never had) ,the knack of getting ets and black dresses. Brother M. makes beef rand poi his princiwere all upon They can. things I didn't work for, as some people pal living. Poi is the food most adapted to horseback the Governor of and JDahu except will and this climate.' The children eat it sometimes, go his However, I like your directions lady, his "Majesty's sister Mrs. Cleghorn, and and follow them." And she went off smili- .and keep quite healthy. . . they two other ladies; these occupied three : M. Mitchell. ng.. was a morn It the buggies. grand sight, Now any body may do as well as my lady ing was beautiful and tho good "people of caller, and have flowers plenty. Don't you Laie had put on their "best bib and tucker" think so? I'm sure I took much pleasure in and assembled in our yard. On the approach a - mighty mean man, Old Jim G-telling her all I could to help her; and I'd of the party they formed in two line from bu t wh e n' he Joined church,- - peopl e tell and help a hundred others with the same the, the gate to the house At the former place thought it make some improvement, might pleasure. So, if any of your readers should the and were met Queen alighted and King so one of the elders called on him for a want farther advice, now or at any time, Brother Mitchell to who welcomed them by small "contribution." Jlrii "heard" him Ju3t let them ask and Flora will respond, our humble accommodations and accompa and Hark! Willie is waking, dear little through arid then responded: "I tell to nied house. them the could not have I if I find my one! you what it Is, Brother Flora. believed that the a presence:of tlie King, of religion genhine, I will pay Brother B St George, May 10th 187-1could at people produce so dollar the next time' he comes; but 111 bo solemn and grand an effect. He walked blowed if I like to pay money for an article r iiiouGUTs, not nours, are uie raeasurca j wu; uncovered head, his people as know it's all right,"!:- t 1 - . , self-sustainin- g; i wwm . m ve , e-pa- rted . " more-person- ' -- , : : -- ' - ; . 1 was pa--tieh- lly . - semi-barbaro- A, us Ruling jroro j r- i i 