Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 2. 1, 1874. February at the time. No. 17. if- The schoolls divided into Of organization, the following named gen- Senior, Junior and Primary grades with the tlemen were found to be entitled to seats in following list of efficient teachers; ,. Louisa Ashby, Emma Wells, Clarissa Smith, the Legislative Council: Heywqod, May Wells and Lilly TayBeaver, :rrIron and Piute Counties, Jesse N. ": lor.' :"7I "7; v: :rzr::r-TzSmith. In addition to the above, Eliza B. Snow er and Weber, Lorenzo Snow, assists in giving lessons in composition and EDITORIAL NOTES. The death of the baby violinist, who has been performing at the Boston Theatre, has been ..recently announced. It will be remembered that he visited this city r some months since. Not yet seven years old, he had been before - the public .for more , than ary exercises. Lu-cret- ia : - : Box-Eld- Cache-andJli- c Mutiffiiii:Thi::lhi iavTsirdrcm one so early trained to life .JJuah ami Millard, Thomas Callister. year commenced beforethe footlights, shoujpassTaway so Kane and Washington, Jacob Gates. soon; but there is a touching pathos in these Salt Lake, Tooele and Summit, WItford HUMOROUS words, which are said to have been his last, Woodruff, William Jennings, William II. one God for make room in Heaven "Great Hooper, John T. Cain e. -r more littlchild." Sanpete and Sevier, Jos. A. Young. A bad habit to get into A coat that's not Utah and Wasatch, A. 0. Smoot, L. E. " :f Ha paid for. , education, that "there is"a masculine and a Harrington. never trust they Invaria- ; a Mosquitoes committee a feminine element in all knowledge: and bills in advance. bl vi nresenttheir : man and a woman put to the same study, PO11 permanent organization reported, the extract onlv what their nature fits them to following as ofiicers, who were duly elected: A volume that will bring tears to your President, Lorenzo Snow A volume of smoke. seeso that knowledge can be fully de- For Cliief eyes Clerk, L. John Nuttall. veloped only when the two unite in the absurd Ass't Clerk, Patrick Lynch. Advertising for a wife is justforas an search and share the spoils.' The idea is a umas it would be to get measured a Enrolli ng Clerk, James Furgu son. beautiful one, and might go far towards w- ;brella. Engrossing Clerk, Itulon S. Wells. convincing some stupid people who imagine it Sergeant-at-armJ. 1). T. McAllister. otherwise, that there is much in science of The leap year style of popping the quesa Door keeper, William Bell. r kind for woman as well as man to tion now, is, "Bont you want mo to wash every ii Messenger, B. Y. Woodruff. understand. 1 dishes for you?" Watchman, A. E. Ilinkley. Wit at is the difference between a Jew and The accomplished "artiste," Madam YOUR REPORTER," the Parepa Rosa, died in London on the night Havinsr been much' interested during her alawver? The one gets his law of the 22nd ult. Thi3 favorite songstress visit to the Council Chamber, is ready to prophets, the oiher his profits from the law. was; born in Edinburgh in the year 1839. pronounce its members altogether an intelliJosn Billings says: "When you strike Her mother was a fine vocalist and, at the gent, the of well worthy gen tlemanly body, ile stop boring; many a man has bored was time of her gifted daughter's birth, for as the ' Legislators positions they hold, cleanjhru, and let all the ile run out at the winnincr musical fame. ' Parepa "Itosa's people. 7T7.;:-:bottom. V ; maiden name was Euphrosyne Parepa. Her THE MOST PRACTICALLY EDUCATED father.' Count Demetrius Parepa, was a Wal- fBuB" asked a perplexed pedestrian, lachian nobleman. The mother was greatly .earn that much valuable instruction comes uwhirh is the ouickest way for me to get to opposed to her daughter's appearing in pub from humble and unpretentious sources. the Eastern depot?" Accommodating newsRosa " and lic. But at last gave wray, Parepa ;; V , boy, "Run," is said of Malta, Island the "dehutV made her in . . s -r ., i li nnn ll'nmnn mnna nun rit ni Tf jcauo A wav st vl ft of bovs,: trowser3 has been muu vvuiu was: jiriumuu- - niU. i tv ttio win tor nr. ifM. fsno uiaii twucu inventediii calico,4 ImtlFsuecffi mne5r.ni wnrlrl. Sho sane- in all the nrin- - less competition among business men, less iron knees, riveted down the seams, and os hold brokea eggs.: water-proo- f pockets-tcioalVEuropean languages. Jn Milan and domsttDnftlicityj-feweivorcescontentment and peace NaplesFlorence, Rome, Lisbon, Germany,- scandal and more A maitif.n ladv who had once been jilted, : nmi Amftr pa shft has been receiv- tnan now, who uouois ii v wrote her own epitaph, as follows: ed with unbounded enthusiasm, and has deII THE CHEAPEST AND BEST one ;x lies the body of ' "nerc her ; with everv irnblic where liVbtPfl thp. alone. died of .constancy lb Who " the Castile is use "O by pure . Soap for toilet utwntrar. nAviLtica with step couraceouf. wnnrlprfnl Tnwers of sonsr. As the accom or not ;, as well as American scien is contageous!". French disease . bar. this For, plished lady of Carl Rosa, she was idolized tists assert that the various toilet soaps and donfcare about' donkey riding, Vsp by her husband, and but lately, she became vinegars contain arsenic and other deleteri missy. And why? 0, I've got a pony,and. a mother. From all the laurels; gained in das poisons. one doesn't care about donkeys after that, career, but more than all, from - MEN AND WOMEN Worldly : know." "Has a pony got more legs than it i . nf affection which must have t"CiV you ble for. the use of their a like donkey, then?" Missy (who doesn't dered her triumphs as a public songstress Are equally respons to' be. chaffed) "Yes, exactly. twice as many Rosa has been snatched laiems. mura most sweet,"-Parepto seek; as some donkeys that I know of." T The law of humamty requires each -w v , reached the v vMAnvInrcelv t V o of the earnestly to promote the best interest ; prime of life. man," paid a native of "I am a e great, family of Earth. York Stonington the other day to a New anth.QLfact-tIia- t ! . ; , 1 ' 1 i. j . L . -v.- -;;i-r s, , IN , : : " ; . i - r: i - , it rv"".v hereerel&erojraraeailu 1 ' V- --;"; ?x'---v-j---r- - o Tno-ifinr- i - - -- 4 1 ' . a w " - . i self-mad- -- men Are regardless of justice, and jsacred ricrhts are hangingas it were, by a tUreaU in OUT OnrUbSlUiiiU xuuf luuiuuam the blush of shanie for national dis- wTniLE consti-tufion- al LOCVL NOTES. - AS ..... trusted PER REQUEST. v - P1" . . A'our reporter visited the Council Chamber , of the present Legislature. Miss M. E.yCOOK'S GRADED SCHOOL. r : r council (the this admirIs the higher department of the Legislature, We had the pleasure of visiting ably conducted Institution, on Friday, Jan. bearing the relation to that body that the 23dJtnd witnessing some of the closing exSenate does "to Congress.) "i'"T;""" ercises of the second term of the year. We were much trratified with the degree of ad- personal friends Extended respectful attentions to Exponent J vancement that was manifested in analyzing. -- " ; Rnnnrtnr . V: I DrlllLlDlLo Ul liUlilUUIloill 17. ullU lu ciuunuu- gentleman with whom he had been driving a sharp bargain. "Glad to hear voir say so," been responded the New Yorker, who had the worsted in the trade, "for it relieves Lord of a great responsibility." tinu ATTm fJoKtpr. how bin you be such a hypocrite as to go to church, and exhort t arid pray," and pretend to- - be so - goodat er I should stealing and lying as you have?God would think you would expect that strike you dumb." . ivuui. responaea uwiw, "Lordy, missus," "do you spec rse goin' to id up ray wa Jcsu3 just for one olo turkey hen?" - - - : -- 51 