WOMAN'S 170 TO REST. 33 - XPONE NT their exertions in an associated capacity, are making great improvement, we want the young ladies of Provo to step forward avail themselves of the opportunity," and not be a whit behind this noble class of sisters who are struggling for physical, moral, intellectual and spiritual THE YOUNG SISTERS IN PROVO. sisters, by in co-operat- ing This address is prompted by a feeling of deep interest in your welfare. Realizing more than you possibly can at present, the great future which is before each one of you, I have an intense anxiety that you should, in youth, pursue that course which will re- progression.. You need not fear bei ng obliged Jo dtess sult in the greatest good to yourselves as inAfter Its life. dividuals, and to all with whom you may bo plainer than you wish by associating in acTis loving and serving cordance with the design of this organiza associated. The highest and best; is and Youth the springtime of life; 'Tl onward, unswerving: very tion, you will get the Spirit of God, which And this Is true rest. Goethe. seeds for are those either good is the spirit of intelligence that leads into sown, early or for evil, which will not only yield all truth, and as you learn to cherish it, in the autumn of this you will understand the mind and w.ill.of. V WIFE. j GolItvTltinstra present existence, bu t also : in th come, IIov, important then, are the fleeting pies of beauty and loveliness, and, in fulfill: Now thou art miner Hubert moments of clmahood and youth, ana how ment Of the words of an ancient prophet, My love, my beautiful, thou art mine own! necessary, that they should be wisely em you, as daughters of Zionwill become as Henceforth the partner of my every Joy, ployed, and with a reierenca to mture re- - "polished stones," and far more beautiful - Which sharing, thou wilt double. suits Your positions in society depend than the devotees of worldly fashion. We ' Edith. Nay, my Hubert! much, very much upon your own efforts and do not wish you to discard all ornament, but Thou art but envious. Am I not thy wife A tad shall I beeontent to share determinations while young either to be we want you to possess that i ndepe ndence thy joys? In very sorrow, too, I'll have a part, ised by the food, or to be honored and of Character that will prompt you to culti And sharing make each less than half its weight. vate correct tastes, and each one wear what respected by them. You each possess the germs of every fac is most becoming to her own person, and not ulty that constitutes noble, dignified and feel compelled to wear precisely what others IX. S. REPORTS. exalted womanhood : and their develop do, which many times is done at the sacrimuch, if not altogether, depends upon fice of better judgment It is to be hoped From Provo, we lfaT(rrcceivedcheer ing ment,own exertions. No young ladies else that none of you are so destitute of good your reports of the Relief Societies of the 3rd where on earth, have so many advantages solid sense, as to waste that time on dress, and 4th Wards, by Secretaries Mrs. Mary and trood opportunitieslbr becoming emi- which should bo spent in enriching and or John and Mrs. L. W. Kimball. Notwithnently useful, as those of Utah; and I hum- namenting your hearts and minds, and en standing the present hard times, these bly .and earnestly entreat you to avail your- dowing them with all that is truly useful, Societies have through the blessings of God, and imperishable.: and their ownindustry and prudence, man- selves of every privilege afforded you, that ornamental We want you to retrench in every thing will aid in accomplishing this great and aged to present , all the while, a fair and purpose. You can choose, and mark that is uncomely whatever approaches toliberal showing of their financial circum grandown destinies either to become hon- wards vulgarity in speech and manners; stances, and the good they are. doing in your orable women, and in the king- and, at homo and abroad, study refinement their philanthropic efforts to aid and sus- dom of God, with those whose names will be and correct habi ts, for by so doi hg,you wi il tain those in their midst, who feel the venerated from generation to generation, or at all times be prepared to associate with stings of poverty or are in any way aflict-ed- . ease and with the most re toecpinejooljor the adversary go down fined They also; exhibit strong desires to to ind intelligent .ByCmeetingtogether your graves with IslidErTninetuf move forward in the march of progress,; and r an in memories perish. : : organized capacity, you can assist each improve in all the ways of purity and wisin all that tends to purify, elevate and other In these last days, the adversary has great dom. power, and will entice from tho path of im qualify you to become useful and influential, of worthless members of society provement, all those who do not, with fixed instead From St. Charles, Oneida Co., Idaho, Sec- and noble purpose, set their faces as flint to beautify and happify home to be happy W. Isabella Mrs. Davis writes: Our against the retary and follies of tho world. yourselves, and make all happy around you, pride was 1868 Society organized August 3,0th This you cannot do, Without the Spirit of God and to honorably discharge the Jiighduties vith the following named sisters-a- s officers tocuHivate-whichry- ou are and responsibilities, which, as Latter-da- y hearts; irryour Annie Laker, President, called upon to enter. "into a, mutual, social or Sa7nts,"liwaTtyom Christina Williamsen sufficient to determine to ganization ono devised by the wisdom o ergy of character to Counselors, Jacobs Mary do something ascer. God, and which if properly entered into, be somebody and I. W, Davis, Secretary, and wisely conducted, will prove of great tain tho object of your birth in 'this momenElizabeth Pugmire, Treasurer. worth to those who wish (as every young tous dispensation, and prepare to accomplish Besides these officers, we have at present to become; wise and it. Never flinch from a wise purpose, neithZion should a leachers quorum consisting of seventeen lady. in.wives and do) and active and er fear the insinuations and taunts which loving mothers, an and of members, appraising committee efficient members of society prepared to you probably will meet from those who conthree. Wo have had no trials or serious officiate in all descend to bo nothing but butterflies that womanly departments. shino and flutter for a short period, and difficulty in our "Society. We have lost three Such is the object of all the Retrenchment gaily Teachers by death, likewise our eldest mem then disappear forever. I trust, young laAssociations in have that been .organized ber Sister Iydia Jennings. The sisters are your organization, Salt Lake City; but their aims and workings dies, you will in and more that the brethren speaking in improving acquiring will be stimulaProvo are as little understood, and as unapprecia confidence in themselves. to organize the young men and boys. ted by many who profess to be saints, as the ted You may lead out in the right direction, but fulness of the gospel and its benefits ard by In a brief report of the Relief Society of tho people of the world abroad: Many seem they should not stay long in the rear.. I am happy in recommending Mrs. M. T. Willard City, Box Elder Co.Mary - Hub to think;that these organizations and assem bard gives an account of the death of 3Irs. blies are only aiming to establish a plain Smoot as the Superintendent of your Socie ty. She is truly a woman of God has had Phebo Harding, who was appointed style of dress; but, whatever the ignorance much urer of tho Society at its first organization, of some may prompt them to think, does experience, and her counsels and in which 'offico she faithfully sustained until not change tho facts as we know them that structions will be in wisdom, and she will her departure by death, on the 19th ult. much good has already resulted from this do honor to her position as a mother to your i? She was sixty-fou- r years of acre, had lived in which many earnest women Association. May the Spirit and wisdom of the Most v? o ajtife of honor and respectffbility, and her are working in union for mutual - loss is deeply Telt by her remaining friends. High direct you in all time to come, that benefit of Zion, "not table' extravagance, and- - what is you may honor Him and your own - beings; - Wi th mjuch lo vey ' ludicrous and disgusting in tho fashion of . Eliza R. Snow. Mrs. Mary Ollenhausen, of Lexington, dress, but, also retrenching ignorance, the the widow of a German baron, but an Ameri- spirit of the world, and everything else that can by birth has been engaged as Superin- i3 opposed to noble womanhood, and pro A man in earnest finds or. if ho tendent of the new Training School for gress in the path to perfection. We are cannot find, creates them. means, He who deliber Nurses at the Massachusetts'" General Hos- uniting our faith and works, as fellow-helthis act, ately adopts a great end has, pital. She has served "as nurse both in tho ers with our brethren, in the great work half accomplished it has scaledby tho chief Union and German'armies. of salvation,-an- d whllo many of our young barrier to success. Rest is not Quitting This busy fiarjr; Ilest is the fitting Of self to one's sphere, 'TIs the brook's motion, Clear without strife; "Fleeing to ocean - - . corres-pondinfrlharve- sts eifeto . . ;; 9 7? - co-work- ers self-possessio-n, ' i soL-hon- . on, improve-mentfor-thonly-retrenchi- ng -- p 1 or 