WOMAN'S EXPONENT !riiE mows- STomr. ' i n j J - ; - s , hrnnoh thnnlThL The chUdrenr (a moU5 nn .vhito andMi natives,) seemed all tho while deliguteov ;J.ey-oVmWM nhnnt" tho' i5?and. swuflar on tne kJU UUVVft W and carroled like the w troos I U""l'"VM V back with hWrU WoV jLiilfid a ...... a fair breeze VklI half-bree- ds . 1: : set behind the western hills, Tho ran And lurid clouds hang o'er the sky; h&4 w While iSfhinlnds in murmuri strangely iwccti Are Trhlsrins:jlhat ji Btormia rdgh. :S 77, The fast approaching clouds a till swifter fly, hide the stars f rem sight; ' And shroud-llk- e The xaoofl-bean- is struggle to be seen a while, . soon are hid in deepest night., Hark! now the distant thunders rpti, afynfr.; , !: Aspea! Wpeal they nearer sound; .' t" Zl ' And flashes quicker lri Succession come ' light the darkness all around.-1- ' X clouds pour tortli on earth tKdrwater stores, r And Ttvid topgues ol flame etni fl4sh;j , , . : While' thunders, louder, quicker than before, ome crash'. down with deaf 'nlng Xrghtful r ' ' ti'''-: . clouds fast now Ahl tho leaden away, fly ' As' if pursuing some retreating Joe; 7 : The angry tumult of the storm Is past, ' ; And silence reigns abore, below. ; The sobbing wind at last Is hushed" to sleep; i. more radiant secmi ' Tjje moa pje ) The stars are peeping through the rifted cloud :i And earth and flowers with fragrance teem re-foiV- ed Tho island of Kaiyaitai la tiri6ro fountain ous man ououaiq oumii vywufrwucxu we landed presentea a nveiy appearance from the sea. The house of worship resem m w m m bled a city hotel: white waus with green window blinds, a long row of 'trees growing in front beautiful trees with hanging fo- -' liage like Jho pine but much flneiv: The natives who accompanied us dressed themselves very neatly to go on shore. The Queen of Tubuai wore a bonnet made, on her own Island, from the staik of the arrow voir nrovious: containincr hews of the death of Bishop Whitney and father Sessions, two good men; I thought if they root, trimming ihWWn oime sam7.xc: xooKea neither eat or sleep had fine kid shoes in herr ebestrbuir-wouluntil they had a package of letters ready to rot wear them as sno was certain iney wouiu send us. assuring us that we were remem- - make her. walk, clumsily. Jier press ieu bered in their prayers."ut writing fmm thof d rc-ud -- E :-- , . 5 iMBdr-r-appeared thoroughly; clean ex :7 At this timo nearly all the people on the cept the "Fare bare ra,"" (house of prayer.) island were eparint6accolnpanyIari- - A stone pavement iwas laid ottili kSidejL Ot ta ' On niS mission to vj.xhiui. xma uius.u j iuui auu giuai little excitement, somethinc: to think about it Tho work inside displayed tasto fonU Of olviitf T hpld tv rnooHno- - with tho native and ihffftnuit sisters and had a little address written; sofasCcovered with card'worfa T 1 , piu-ii-aik.c4- - 0! would that thus the storms of life could pass; Each dark'nlng cloud roll from my sky , . :An4 lea re my soul in Itfighter glow to shine, And make me fitter, after each; to die. J. E. D. Salt Lake City, Aug. 29, 2371-V ; B, ; , a BEPORTS. which Brother Grouard translated ihtpTahi- tian forme: : They all admired it 7 ver much. I could read well in Tahitian, an read the 29.h chapter of Isaiah which Ellen explained to them, about tne coming lortn of the Book of Mormonr une woman en quired if tho Nephites were "t'man taata ; rTAn,',ofriiU6n. ot young ladies of was Uo. nned on anurs- , Ujrantsyiiie, Tooelp oay, fcjep. 17th, at a .meeting, in, that place, aeyeral jslk'ters- - fromi, this "city being present. Tbip iiamef of tho officers of : the association are.'aafbllows': ho" t . . ,; TiuiJdiss IUcheUIIali President. pfaMitiH(rrietla - :- .lv T i"i ; . . the next'day. : On the 13th, Captain Johnson's vessel ar- rivod from Tahiti bnnsrinff one letter irom Brother Dunn, informing us that he had a letter from Salt Lake, dated more "... ...',..." ' WAA ;iTh --'-C- m -- isianr at iu ocwai mo next morning. - (Europeans.) I told her they were the - forefathers of the r Tahitians.: x She seemed much pleased and expressed, a de sire to know, more about the "Book." i That papa?1, agrees with a tradition the Islanders, have, that their ancestors came from a great Is land to uwhich they could never find an " end. 33ates,' 7"" 7. On the 20th of October, Mrt4yilda McBride, " " '. ". I wrote in my" ' J t at first xe fused to let The English church Pratt preached the first Mormon sermon there. Some were pleased, others looKea demure. After the service a consultation : Jt . jm . ( v -- was held td decide wixether '"Pdrita 'should remain. Spirited speeches were i maae on both sides. The "speech of one old chief wbo had been baptized in the morning made us . of laugh. He wanted new talk, was tlxednot the old which had become like old food; good, smelt bad.- "Parita" must stay and teach the new words. The Tubuains .said he should not staywheroL M so said . aU the white:men. But, it .was l vo ted that he should remain. Ho commendea his iainily ;;'to theeare Who had accompanied us,:and said thatjGod should bless them, i They shed prolusion want of .tears and promised that j wp should for nothing they could provide; . wnicn , f promise was faithfully kept. We sailed with them, tne ioiiowing uny, fnr Tubuai. ; .M V journal as follows: tfgusiEIison, 7 Three schooners are preparing: to leave l Matilda1. Anderson," Counselors. Tubuai; Captain Johnson: With the "Miri- ama,,., the King's vessel, "Messenger" and :i " Lena lice,1 1 the Mormon "Praivai? Captain Grouard. Bertha Sablhs, Secretary; Our three eldest daughters will go. They --, can speak the langauge and will be. useful. one will remain with her aunt Thpjames of "seven tytwo .youri" ladies The younger - Captain JohnsonlwiLjtakOJiislit weienere4 !pTSem1 . of; tlTe ;sociely'' Crosby-7j.-JJt-.ahd MisEii Jll $now, remarks concesuiug tlft Rton dn it trhtAr Tmm?''ri'iTti Thrrri: "ceo i "Ronvorj , them' tHara firler'grouDof fflrls she has 'never have had in our, family seven months. It Will grieve Fmnces'tv pdrt with her ishe hits seen; TO PUT CHILDREN TO BED. HOW been under her speaal care so submissive 0i and amiable. She is a dear little girl six Not with1 reproof fcr any oi : that day SKETCHES. years old, born on Toubuai. Her lather sins of omission or commissio tu; ' Take any wa3 an Irish merchant, her mother a "half time but e for that If. you ever iJp, Jookjng over my Journal jof 1 8 5 1 , 1 am woman. 7 Her father (Mr. Cane) .died white reminded (: how my days were spent on heard a littlo creature sighing or sobbing in na was and on The island. burned this the Tupuai Island inthcJ Souths Pacific its 'sleep, you could never do: this ifieal a tives have must; that - as Ocearv , - : :;t their closing eyelids with a kiss and a bless j never J?luck I superstition hearthey a grave ing. 2VThe time will come when fruitgrowing' In the morning I taught tho Island childsodhj a reverent With and silent airt thoughtful? they will lay their heads;upon their pillows ren in the Tahltain tongue j dismissed thera' and taught my own and the half breeds" Mary will walk about the 'griyo of her fa lacking both 1 Bet thetn theny at least, have ther, seeming more like a woman than a this sweet memory of a happy:childhoodj in tho commonranches drthe English A few hours- - in the afternoon, 1 child regarding the spot as very sacred. of which no future sorrow or trouble can rob Johnson is a sensible well bred man; them. ' Give them their xosy i spent in reading, writing ahel sewini : i Captain youth, i Nor fond a is of mother her very J Maryj wpnian heed this involve wild license. The judi...Oalhd 8ih of October, Conferen6b time must scf child the cleanly ofrvery habits; atSaltlAke, a party of is, Y.In6teen in nurn- - have cious parent 'will not - so mistake my mean of ablutions and article dally every Der, went ror a-- pleasure t excursion to: some Ihg. If you have ever met the man, or the have: our made clothing changed. They small islands called Notus, four in a crroub.' woman, whose Oes have" suddenly filled commend nice and presents daughtermany y oaucu.ou no largest round cocoa nuts, when a little child has crept trustingly to.its me mexLvcaugnt nah, mad an oven and ed her highly for the a improvements. made mother's breast, you may have seen one in ; i; intheiylitUegirLW,, ;, cooked food of which we ato heartily1 1 Whose childhood's home 'Dignity" and' 'Sewo were Before to sail for val Bal ready Thoiishnd had appearance. stood f where love "and "pity. should verity" we received val, trees-chie- fly of ; a;visit from;the Kingr taman&h and cocoa. Jho green have been. Top much indulgence has ruined that who us." informed Misisland, the that both nut," beau'tiiully sion House thousands of children; too much love, not newly : erected ,there, had been one.FANNY .FEU-' wun mo unc, wnito sana oh- the beach; f. aown a uiown oy remarked hurricane.;: I walked round it on thoreef-andpickMO up small shells raid some fine specimens of cor- that this seemed to me a sign that we should that theprojected tunnel not go there to remain long. The It is estimated . al. , was v King the English channel could be dri;Tho men throw up a sort with yory anxious that we should go; said he be beneath fitted up in five or six the branches,, of trees, under which ,we lloved the whole of h3 people would re- ' ven and completely from $i0,000,000 to " x the Gospel. years, and at a cost:of . . spread Our bedding and slept comfortably ceivo ' . . . ttr. ;7; :f yo sauea on tho 27th and reached the- - $50,000,000. . ys , ofrntho:-withfui:on- es ! : -- j4 MaryWO-thlngton,ASecreta- iy . ; -- T-- -- rr , bed-tim- 1 -- ; , , : . 1 1 : ? . ail-to- o - , lan-gaug- e. -- 1 ; : -- . ' ; ? : -- S valuablo--contrastf- n, - ed 7- - . " of-jshdtc- r -- -- V .- - . : : -' , 