WOMAN'S E XPONEN T. HOME-CLEANIN- VERSUS HOUSE- - G 71 FACTS AND FIGURES. LITTLE HARRY. KEEPING. "Those words of an Irish serving woman The Michigan State University ha3 95 are cue a to in were a great comfort me," said a mother female students dn the rolls. ,The .truest,, of, alt ..Homes houses nofi 'specially well kept, where the amia nej tears: lr seemeu more man sue inn- ehnrrti in tlanrl fa thA ' r' m raiu-edown in of could oi comiori ancLjiappiness bear, the thought lummesj laying hare 321churches and W Lutheran. tlian the p'reseryaUoh of the' furniture, the cold and darkness of the grave, all the : ; ; t .,tprs is "n sweetness , and areflrst consul ted: The of her little boy. ectjofhome beaiity is estimated that $3,000,000 Worth of to be tWcenfer,'tlii9"p6Int of tenderest in- And the Irish woman trying in her homely uua uueu uwuujuu uj terest, the pivot on which family life turns. vrnv tn mm fort hfir: Rild 'riVfilL ho isn't too , , . t r fftr whorft hfi'sfrnnfl." T think thosfi oouiueru oxiuxi. The first requisite is to make it attractive, so attractive that nene; of its inmates shall words :were Just what she needed. This The local authorities of Auckland, JNew care to Unger outside its limits. All legiti-inat- touching little story is a true one,the mother Zealand, have instituted an annual tax: on means should be' employed to this end, a very aear inena oi mine, or a nature Dacneiors oi nve aoiiara a iicau ni j i.f and no' effort spared that can contribute td mosi. impressiuie ana ienaer, lolu me. Englisii Post office 7Kcarries ahnuauy . onn the purpose. Many houses called homes, ,vv nue cioso oy, xn ine uim, surrumui &uu: A.. Tm nnrt nna i rtAl nnn nnrt Wfn pains-takinZ . . ' Inxr lifflo TTnrrv with hiq Inror nnnn ' . ' IfnTif MA neatness' ' by' jyaxi so anxious women, are oppressive in their blue eyes, thatseemed like life instead of iv y '...r exclude asto nicety er one-cea their spotless precihc ts. a The very name o and the small, beautiful hands that, looked postage stamp to ,a By adding home is synonymous with personal freedom like .lilies half blossomed and waiting, for postal card you, can send the card to Bruand relaxation from care. But neither of these the Lmorningsunshine : to come and open tish Columbia, the Canadas, Newfoundland can bo felt where such a mania for eternal them. There he lay in the small casket which dr uermany. r - ::r at cleanliness pervades the household as to resembled a coffin as little as possible, waitThe Toledo Historical Society has been render everything else subservient thereto. ing too, a little while.forthey-wer- o bear presented with a little; completely-forrae- d Many housewives, if they see a speck on ing him from' the city home whoso light.he egg, which was found insidoi the yolk-o- f a floor or wall, rush at it, as if it were the nad Deen, wnose joy ne naa raaae. to tne hen's egg. It is nearly an men longoi tne seed of pestilence which must be removed stilt'- country grave yardjwhere the grass usual shape, and the shell whichlir hard; is on the instant Their temper deperidsup-o- n woold build over him it3 low. green roof I fhTmpd. i n f T S&f ' their maintenence of perfect purity and and the last autumn birds would sing their A new postal card is to be adopted,1 'which order. If .there bo any failure on their svveet iareweUs overhiajslumbers.i ih color, probably Very;neairly Will be part! or any combination of circumstances At last the mother rose up, went to tho white." lighter The printing and engraving will be ; against them, they fall into a pathetic de coffin and kissed the sweet, cold faco there executed in black ink, and' thobbHerill spair, and can hardly be..- lifted out They and said, fOly littfc boy, it is the last ride bo narrower and much neater i 'appeaKnce do not see that cheerfulness is more needful you f will ever take." And only you, on " tip-odecided not been has The fully change ai nome inan aut ine spouessness tnat ever mothers! who have so laid away the sweet .. t.? p , ;,:t .f, f ' shone. Their disposition to wage war upon perished blossoms of your love and tender The house of A. T. Stewart & Co., with maeulateness of. any- - sort increases ' until ness know how her 'heart ached as she said they become slaves of the broom and dust- - these words. And then the lid was fasten all its immense resources anda widepreadpah. "Neatness is oneHhing, and ia stajte of ed down and little Harry was shut out' from reputation, spends a third of iniWon; jan' ' ; g nually in constant and persistent adver Us : , perpetual , our sight; quite another.' : y s Out of this grows by degrees the feeling As the words of the Irish woman found ing in substantial newspapers, to keep-itthat certain things and appartments are too flinfr xvj ii ' ih(f. mAfVinr,fl ' hontt. in. nor business up td the proper point The ? game tWO POXt great ,1 Inn uF 8n T thmirrbf f thing is CQUally .trU6 Of the good for daily use. Hence, chairs and sofas 6rrrnof . . . UHV Vlninlnf T UVUVUttlUUI Vytl. Ull i U Tf t are covered, and rooms shut up. save for . . . , W auuiv v" t lUCJ,UilM iiuu HJ special occasions, permitted AlnnAw 1... 4wa ffOOli Ilrlil X Ui r rl Wi r. to reveal their violated saeredness in a man "Not too pretty for where ho has gone.'.'. J uwuta we wiuw ui wmie ner that mars every pretense of hospitality. All th swfiftt looks and wavs. cunthe little vruyiu yuuawinu : ..w vr. 1 t irnftnff.,-Nothing should be bought which is consid ning, hindering tricks, the peals of laugh- .uiFeuuuuiu.i9iia,VVvii uj mi3 ered tod fine for the fullest domestic appro- ter; the fluttering hands, the pattering feet, v"; priation. 'Far better is the plainest j furni all gone and in their stead a great blank are no fewer than 153 Stafesi There ture dn which the children can climb, than and darkness. With only those touching Vreat and small. reckoned as feudatories of satln aijdtiamaskivhiehmust-beviewe- d aprons ana-muj tneuovernment.otinaiaanaexciaaing wunesses,iiny snoes,-aDwith reverence.' Where' anything is embroidered dresses. But the blossom whose Berar and Mysore, which are' temporarily or secluded, , to disguise the fact is beauty and fragrance brightened the home under English administration, the total area gxtremely difficult A chilly air jrmpsit below, wiu bidom fairer and larger in that of the country governed by native rulers is round, and the repulsion of strangeness is upper homo where there are no frosts to 5G5.10G square miles with an estimated pop-- ; experienced by the most insensible.., .,.'. cnuij no snows xo coyer over, uui uio Ansa uiation oi 4o,uuu, uuu. including jjerar, ana .There are few persons who have iiot vis- woman was. right Neither little Harry nor Mysore, there is a native ruled population ited houses where they have been introduced your own: baby, mourning mother, was too of 55,000.000. paying to its chiefs a revenue to what is known as the company parlor. pretty for tho Heaven to which It has gone, of 15,000,000 per anum, while the 164 They must; remember how uncomfortable 000,000 of peoplo inhabiting 830,000,6011303 they were while sitting: in it; how they directly ; under , Brutish An editor: clipped from an exchange an miles of territory, found it almost impossible" to bo at ease, rule contribute a revenue of 50;0Q0,00Q por and mainly for the reason that their host obituary poem, which he sent to the compos- ' -- ---witn some introductory remarKS. ,VV and hostess 'were hot themselves at ease. to. r touchThe children were watched with lynx eyes, He said "We publish below a very SELF:EXAMiNATiox.T--Befor- o W f jbp'iake . lest they should displace or soil some- ng production from the pen'of Miss M of ourselves to rest let us review and exlno written by her at the death-be- d thing; so that the entertainment of friends It was all the passages of .tho day, thaCVoVniay became, very much like a social discipline. her sainted mother andf it overflows with have the comfort of :what!;wo i'avoono They must recall, too, how sweet the fresh hose expressions of filial affection which and may redress what wo havejiono air seemed and how they in- are the natural outgrowth of pure untutored right, amiss, and make the 'shipwrecks of oneday wardly vowed, on leaving that temple of genius that has developed beneath the shel as marks to direct our course in another. form and fidgetiness, that something more tering" influence of a mother's love. The This may be called the very act of ,virtuous than politeness would'bo required to induce reader wili observe how each line "glows, and contributes wonderfully" to adwith ardent affection and tenderest regret' living, them to return. Scribner3. our reformation and preserve our ln-- j Somehow,' in attaching this Introduction vance : :; to the poem, the editor turned up the wrong nocence. Matthew Henry. 'r The United States Hotel, at Saratogo, i3 side of the clipping,-anthe consequence 1,400 feet in length, or more than .a quar- was that tho editor'3 lines led the reader We- are told that 'thrco hundred !years ter of a mile long, covering 95,000 feet of gently into an artlcio upon Hog Cholera In ago ladie3 combed their hair just as they do This won't do in a civilized: land earth, with sleeping accommodations for Tennessee.'"' It wa3 rumored that tho rela1,200 guests.. The entire cost Is $225,000.. tives of. Mis3 Mr- - we're I "seen prowling among observing people. Three hundred Thirty thousand yards of carpet are required around tho office next day armed with shot- years ag ladies used to comb Uhe'r hair on ' to cover the floors. Almost as: big as the guns, but this has not been traced to any re" their h eads now Jhey hang it o rer . the I Palace Hotel, San Francisco, . back of a chair and comb it liable authority.. I . , . rr,!Ty - , . nrv s -- ; . et . ? : g. JlrL nt ; -- . " -- - -- f f - n. " : , ? ; - , ; " house-cleanin- ' - . ? ! I nno-nlcl-, 1 . . L "l when-they-a- re V . , i i 1 , y - -- e-ef- e ved . . , mg-roo- m - . , out-of-doo- rs, ; : ; - d - to-day- ;- -- " " . . 