29 WOMAN' S E X P 0 N.ENT. A M. Musseir, Corresponding secretary fourth: Petition of George Goddard on behalf of the executive committee on the comingjuoi-lee- , and Theodore cKen,EecKt&ij. These names ire now before the people for asking that Washington iSquare be thrown the acceptance or rejection of the majority. open for teams coming in jtne city irom ine We sfiail support this ticket and we commend south on the day of the jubilee; also that places be set apart for teams coming to tne city irom It to tne laay.yowrs oriois.i.erriiurjr. the north on that day, and that guards be pro'"C. here. There will be ah excursion to Lake Side on Inst. The Retrenchment the twenty-eight- h Bocietfes are Invited to AsIatfons'itnd-Belie- f attend; they a -- feure tickets for the round trlp'for'one idollar iehfThisirUIiiootitije e"tlmeay there will music, danc ari ing,-anpreparation d pure cold 4atcrr; M i iw4 't A Westekn paier announces the death of iladv celebrated for the "purity of her character and compiexioh., The man who wanted to take another nnrson nrart when hb had something to say to the referred was vided to to him, lately asked for the private ear of a accordance to act in marshal, witji instructions friend, and was told that privateering was with the prayer of the petition. illegal. of the A proclamation by the governor told his son, who proposed to Jenkins Territorydated July 14th, fixes the times and hnv a now in partnership, to be sure and buy places of holding the Territorial Supreme and the hinder half, as it eats nothing and gives : District Courts as . follows: The Supreme Court all the milk. second on the to be held in this city, Monday A writer in a sympathetic paragraph, ob of June in in Januarv and the first Monday "Mr.- - Smith-coulharaiy- - Dear that served held each year The First pistrictCurt- tobe ifc ohlyto find that the 0S3 ofh Ig mouths the In provo7 on the third Monday in printer had madeitJjMr. Smith could hardly of Sepembeif-Vemb- er Februaryand May bear such a boss for a wiie." v::;: of each year. The Second District Court to be y owned a notori- a trick y held in Beaver City, on the first Monday in niislv vloious horse that Was one day levied September, No vember February andpril re upon by t he Sheriff, and . advertised tobe spectively, of each year. The Third District sold for debt "Very yvellj said the jockey,. Court to be held in Salt Lake City, on the nrst if the sheriff can sell that horse to anyooay months--oOctober the" December, In Monday w uu do. in this country, no is to-uihMarch and May respectively of each year. Ive tried hard to sell him, and gave it up , - The following order has been issued by the long aga' Supreme Court. An Indianapolis editor is responsible for of Utah, Territory this: "A young lady in Indiana sought to dey . Supreme Court, , molish an unfaithful lover by publishing "Salt Lake City, July: 8, 1874. some verses addressed to hlmh in which, "Present, McKean, Chief Justice, Emerson, after prophesying her immediate dissolution Associate. Come craze upon my dust, ialse "It is ordered that the following persons be, she said: and they are hereby appointed commissioners one.' But the compositor spelled dust with of this Court, to have and exercise the author- a b. law, to wit: ity and duties conferred by to reside at Provo 'Charles W. Emerson, A man sent a note to a rich, neighbor District. First judicial City. whom he was oiv friendly terms with, to "James R. Wilkins, to reside at Beaver, Sec- borrow an ass for a few hours. The worthy '' ond Judicial District 1 N. and Kimball, to reside old man was no scholarrand happened to "Dennis J. Toohy have a guest sitting with him at the time, at Salt Lake City Third Judicial District- "to expose his ignorance he did not wish ' The following extract from the Millennial that to. - Opening the not eAnd - pretehdin-t- o low the 16Voncernmg: unusually Star of June read It j after 2 reject ing a rnomehtj lunlrig fares1 this, season, may be of interest to those to the servant, Very good," says he: "tell who still have friends in EuropeV; , fThe next your master I'll come myself presently." of 24th on the leave will Liverpool company AViien the British ships under Lord Nek fare to Ogden being the the this months (June) same as that of thp present company namely, son were bearing down to attack the comadultv 12 16children, under twelve years, bined fleet of Trafalgar, the first lieutenant at halTfare, and hifonts, under 1 year, 10 shill- of one of the ships, on going round to see were at quarters, observed one ings eachTwith? the- - benefit ottny. ructiou that all hands that there might be at the time of booking the of the men devoutly kneeling at the side of his gun. Such an atitude in a British sailor passengers. Children under five years, will go went free of charge on the railroad from New York. exciting his surprise and curiosity, he was afraid. asked the man df he It is impossible to say how long these low and no! tho sailor: answered I was 'Afraid?" unprices across the sea will continue; but, praying that the Enemy's shot may bedoubtedly, the breach which has caused the only distributed in the same proportion as prizereduction from six guineas to three pounds, part among tho to York if not restored money the greater " ' frdmTLt : ; , . d- - - mm..-rrrt- : j:-s..:- East, Mrs. ; 'rr.---- i- redder you' e grow. .. aiRS. E. PAVIS. , ... We.thank the sisters or a complimentary, "and sincerely hope they will jiave a time of VI get,-th- protect-property- LAKE SIDE EXCURSION. wUlunaWd why, the madder you . pleasant enjoyment. horse-iocke- ; N c RECEPTION. .tit) - The ladies of the Kth Ward Relief Society intend giving a Reception this evening in honor, of our delegate to Congress, the Jlon. George Q; Cannon. We expect ; a. report, of the pro i ccedings will appear in ournext issue. HOME AFFAIRS. Hon. George Q. Cannon arrived home, from Washington on the 1st Inst. Several prominent citizens went by special train to dgden to quietly welcome our honoredrTerritorial Dele- -' ':y gate. TieiojjBTii ments generally by appropriate ceremonies. In thisxity- it:iwas Xb$ 3guietest fone known jfpr year but none the lesenjoyable. Excursions seemed to be the favorite: Weans of recreation. A temporary 'raard-hous- e has been estab lished In the? city by, the officer in command a street. A provost ciiard. consisting of one com missioned officer and several soldiers are to be stationed mere mgnt ana aay to iook mier tns , .. orqerry soiaiers. ,s f s , f s - , . - . : , Com mander of the Independent Champion ixZ the Red Cross In the United States, delivered a lec- -' ." ture on the "Horrors of the Liquor Traffic at verpool iew" . the Old Tabernacle; on the 12th. The lecturer the be shipas far as repaired possible, by treated his subject and was listened to with will, ' ably as they can soon as A customer came in ono day antl Ktid, interested, companies ping gocd'd&nttan' . . . "Old woman, what do you ask for herring? effect that olject." 1Mb. George B. Taylor the-Suprern- oth-cers- ' ' ' A fierce thunder and rain storm occurred; abont the 6th inskin this locality. jHousea io this City, At West Jordan and Bountiful .;Were struck, with lightning, trightching the Inmates and . injuring tho : buildings i vAtr (West Jordan two childreni in the colise that was struck were killed and In the vicinity two: holies and a cow : Av: 10 r: ' were also killed. ,v ;t : ; DIVERSIONS. -- at ,T A meetino held; placed efonQwipg;naiT the, .People' Ticket for Tooele County : for reprntativeJn the Legislature, George- tUn. probate judgej John Roberry; sheriff, AV. H. Lee; recorder, R. AVarburton; selectman, OAVrBryan; treasurA tkin, Jr.: suptof common schools, A; er,; . Galloway. ."; The minutes of the City Council held Tues , Hth inst.1 contain the following in f elation to the grand Jubilee, to take place on the Twenty- - r " "Threo centsropiccp, said jthe, pld lady. Til. take one," says the customer; and the aged vender proceeded to do it up. "What do you ask for beer?" said the customer; as the parcel was handed himl "Three cents a. glass," said, she. "Qn tho whole," said he, "111 take a glass of beer instead of the herring." So he took, the beer and started to 'go. "Beg ' your ;prrdon,V said the old lady, "but you haven't paid for the beer." "Paid'for i! Of, course not Dian't I give you backithe herring for it?" "Well, but," lady, "you'd idnt pay for persisted the old the herring!? - ."Pay- - for; the herring! Of coarse I. didn't I didnH take it, did I?" I Well," said the old woman, after a pause, : In whichshe strove in vain to master tho , About women Men. ; The dead of winter Flies. The hymn ; - i dred. . ifor rthe T'1: Centennials-Ol- d : . Hun- " v." lost. Chemists eay v no matter is ever' ' ,r j i u Printers deny It ,FARMEB3T gather what jthey soyt, while seamstresses sew what they gather." .V 1 1 , ; ' A new definition-for-a- n- old maid -- , Is- ,- a : -- woman that has been made a long time. ''Money Is very tight'," said a thief, who mathematics of It, "I presume you're corwas trying to break open aJxmk vault ; trade here rect, but I wish you Wouldn't " -- Maddeb eolorH red. This is the reason any more." i ' 1 ' 