W O MAN f S E X P 0 KENT, 132: Our first duty is to listen and learn. upon which he was to speak, soon after he coni- We should remember that we are' jvt menced speaking, a sudden trembling seized General Garibaldi has published , a book young, and liable to be led astray by the mm; every tnmg seemea a pertect blank bewhich gives an accountjof his Sicily expe- - evil influences with which wo are daily sur- fore his mind and a Hatter break down was he then made. His critnever completed-th'a- n diU'n; it bears the title of "Ten thousand" rounded. Do the has of I a' not, beg you, young ladies,let :....Clerkenwell, London, regular ic was close at hand, and brought him to his woman preacher, Miss Fransis Power Cobb "evil doer'get possession of you. senses by calmly saying, "Take it easy don't are once his in brief "Life of the lato Mrs. Parton" that power,you Remember, be in a hurry plenty of tjme you know don't (F.mny Fern) has lately been prepared by utterly lost, as it were; and that you will be- get excited." Bolnstead of taking his seat at M v James Parton...;..,;..Tscharcrenny; the cast out of the society of those who: havethis critical momelit,"aTiu 7qonideriiTghimself" Brussels animal painter, is dead... A Bruns- - loved you. You are no longer respected by beaten, the young man stood like a statue bewith a powerful those with whom you were associated. They fore wick man doped a nest-eg- g his audience, until he had collected his emetic for the benefit of a neierhborwhom do not wish to be in your company. Seek and composed himself sufficiently to lie suspected ofiistealing his eggs, and his after the good things of the world, and let thoughtswith his subject. He then went on and at own son was taken very sick the same eve- - the evil things go to the wind and be swept proceed completed a very creditable. address. n in g . . . riOTOT been killed in Nevada lately, for witch-crahourly nearer and nearer to, that great Be of "lesson." And, Hus......The National Grange of Patrons of jing, who gave you life, that you may merit ly understand the moralreflect,thisand make your in St. Louis, Misoun, on the IIi3 smiles and blessings, and have His good young people, study, bandry meets . 4 th inst..;,,-- A Bethel, Kansas, man, wants spirit to lead and guide you aright con tin u- - selves familiar with subjects of general inter I allv : to kno w which is the correct s term,"! that i t may be said of you when your est. Then, when you are before an assembly to 2your Woman?" orHow's your wife ?y The worldly career is ended "Well done thou deliver auaddress, "donTbC"!!! a hurry" don' "Rural New Yorker' thinks either one is good and faithful servant, enter thou into forget therels "plenty of time." And when Hettie. you feel a fluttering nervous, sensation coming correct...,A(nnecticut : man who stole the joy of thy Lord." ;'melons from a fanner last year, has sent IS74. over yourremember.thGL SAXfifljAKE City, Jan. 16th, the seeds back to him in a letter, with the easy." same ho will the this that request year plant O ......:..The Viae du Havre is the fourteenth THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT BIRTH-DAGREETING. large Atlantic liner totally lost. 7.1. .Dinners are being supplied to poor children in London at two cerfts per head...... Ralls Co.,Mo., The 21st of Jain, 1874, was the seventieth an I. GEEENE BICEABDS, EDITOE. is troubled with hog cholera...... Rome, with of Miss Eliza It. niversary of the birth-da- y all its learning, js said to have fewer bookSnow. in Published Citv. Salt Lake Terms: Utah. stores than Providence, R. I The next One Early in the evening of that day, she was copy one year, $1; one copy, 8Lx"nionth3r3l, Ten copies Berworld's exhibition will boat for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight called European upon by a goodly number of the sisters, of nonpareil space," one time, 82; per raoLth, $3. lin..... .The Supreme Court of Texas,declares lines General Aeenta. EastTemrle street. who met in honor of the day to pay their res Campbell & the late election of that State unconstitu- Salt Lake City.Patterson, ; to her,and offer congratulations. Although II. Miss Cornelia Offiea hours pects Business Horn. Manaer. .77. tional Boston pays her professional choirs, from t) to V2 a, m., and from 2 to 5 p. m., oa ilond&ys and a surpriseTthe reception and greeting were most according to report, an aggregate of 142,000 Address all business coinmumefttion3 to 7 cordial and happy Miss Snow ex pressed! her7 a year....,.One hundred' and twenty poor Woman's Publishers ..i7. Expokxt, gratification and recognition of the high honor 7 .. Salt Lake City, Utah. families in- Connecticut received abundant conferred by her sisters, in those renewed testiChristmas dinners from ono man. A mill monies cf regard in their kind remembrances -has been in ven tell inEn HALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 1. 1874. onihatierseven grain is pounded into flour, trip hammers he day had been a pleasant one, and, to hen Scientists say taking the place of stones hat anniversary .was the most satisfactory of that the son of Agassiz promises oven great.'TAKE IT EASY." er usefulness, and quite as any within her remembrance. It was a pleas- reflection that she was really seventy years fame as his father.... .A Hindoo lady, laying of well meant kindness, ng the power Perhaps aside the prejudices of her people, is visitof age. an can no individual in inexperienced place in London with her husband, and con Remarks suitable to the occasion, were made ing of a than that painfully trying. positionunore to customs of the the forming freely by Mrs. M.I.Horne,Mrs. M.T.Smoot and others, public speaker. If anything is calculated to when the following lines Were read: tive of Albany, has met with great success take all vanity '."afjcbla'ceit' SEVENTY YEAKS OLD. on the stage at St. Petersburg... ...The torn person, it must be aii unexpected call to make d and phvy bill with which Lau- an extemporaneous address to a large and intelGIinETIXa TO MISS ELIZA K. SXOW, ra Keene attempted to staunch the wound ligent assemblage. It is unnecessary for us to . Daughter of heaven, beloved and blest! of President LincQln in his box at Ford's expatiate upon the feelings it produces. Those Of richest rarest gifts possess 'd; Theatre, on the night of the assassination, who have realized them, know that they are in-i- s Bright gems of wisdom, fairest pearls of thought. still kept by Treasurer Spinner as a relic, describable, and those who have not,c uld gain Bestowed by heaven's own hand, divinely wrought With faith and hopo, and with such, charity, r .i.... The Spanish colonel, Montaver, is re- - but small information from an attempted des- - That in' meek we, knowing, simplicity, The cription. ported a prisoner among the Cubans. s friends, as sisters, dare those boons exten l, Rothschilds are considered to be worth about But we have no idea of frightening any one With cheerful hearts, not fearing to offend 01 tnem twelve to rise a of belief ordeal is i,uuu,uuu,uuu that the including- 0r divine: With lovc.with confidence, and gratitude their individual fortunes..... .The death of one which people in general could not endure. For all thy teaching-sanexamples good, the Siamese Twins is recorded in late jour-nals- Severe as it certainly is to one of a sensitive na Wrc bless name thee thee worthy to be "blest ',r :.y. With i all earth's bounties, j j- - .j we never of heard its richest, weeiest, best. 7 ; ture, producing death. And ' the Treasures more, of " Eternity And we have encouragement to offer on the are fulness in store for Inglorious thee. subject rather ; than to dissuade any one from And Zion's daughters gather 'round thee here, 7 HINTS FROM HETTIE. an attempt at lecturing orpublic speaking. We To offer greetings and fond words of cheer. are pleased with having received a prescrip- Have we not known thee, proven, tried and true to tiie young kadies op utah. tion not for apreventivc of the peculiar im- And fool wo not, all thrs and more is due? . My dear friends: Hast us not thou we blest of which have we and eac! apart are not 7 all, spoken, Allow me. through the columns of the pressions " And we know not the of yearnings thy heart ' aware that such exists but a remedy which if to offer few a words. you Exponent, Thy will's desire fonZion's kveut wkat- 7' ; It is always pleasing arid gratifying to me, properly applied will serve to alleviate the pain Dnot theWork3 the Laborer's Self reveal?' to be able to have my weak: voice heard in of the sufferer, and at length rove to be a com- Uve on, work on, still firm and bold, relation to the work in which wo are en- plete restorative. At the first meeting for or- Though Seventy years, thou art not old: ' " ;. ganizing the 14th gaged.. I0wki2illjtloth will, " Ye t spare t h ee to thyls s JersTt ill 7 .'""T We are not, generally, I am afraid, aware the Chairman gave the following illustration. of the responsibilities resting "upon us as While studying, in his' younger days, to be- And finnergrow thy faith and m:g!it, v come an, extempore speaker, lie was atone time Yet long to battle f r the i iiTht; -. daughters of Zion. P'orthisthy 5ister?huMl)s.yp;tv. Although young, we have missions to under the tuition of a learned and noted orator, That thou mayest clu cr arid 5.1 ?ss ti:e wr.y, perform here on the earth, as well as those whose business it was to criticise the addresses And bear with graw ciininar good and honorable women who have lived: made by the yqung.nieu of he sehoe-l.- - Atone Daughter ufhcavetj belovc l and blest. ' before US.j and thnsn llvin'o"t i n time when he the Chairman had taken whn nro vnf - v J the After the reading.Mrs. Z. I). Younff remarked instruct us in the way in which vrc shouldj stand, although he had studied well the subject that the poompoke the feelings of all present SPLINTERS. walk. ! - - ..i-..;A- a ft ' " -- -- i p- Y semi-monthl- y, ; ' . - wide-sprea- d couh-try7:77Alban- tth o'Uttimid blood-staine- . d .- -- -- . -- . : ' 'r-r-- -;-- AVard-JiterariVssociatipnj s ourj-'.iher'- ' i . ... . . e.-:c- " " - I . - z i 