9 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. U 112 Ij i hand is worth two in the bush, it is no less true that a thorn In the bush is worth5 two in the hand. ' It Is said that every woman appears different to every man, and every nature has i ts senara te - wa tch word .which answers to one and will not correspond to another. If a bird in Ciie ; Notlways ust so.?r is- related It celebrated ';.1;:!.-:;---;'-;.v- ; ; A theatrical M Mrs. 10 tlinery an n Notions ' ' ACTING CHARADES. . English physician, that tho Duch ess of Buccleuch drove w to - his door,r and sent her footman to tell that she waited without iiTell Jho Vut&ess," lie; replied) "Iiat Dr. Simpioa is engaged 'with a washerwoman." . . " 00 TO C. E. ;V V'." : r DYE'S, Eatt Temple Street. Fhe has always on hand a large variety of . of Sir Jam es Simpson, .the For Cn eap interference with telegraphic communication upon overland lines, and they, combined with many other facts not necessary to mention, seemed to show that it would be a very "great advantage to use subterranean telegraphs instead of overland lines. r sources of temporary PEN" AND SCISSORS. L.iDILS', MIOSES' r": The curtain of the: back drawing-roowas drawnjaslde, and we were, rather sur prised to see nothing but a wooden rocking norse on tne temporary stage, we were told to gue an island in the Greek archi- - ..GIto her a can, she will be sure to jtleare yon. miim. paper recently contained deal horse." - CHILDREN'S HATS & BONNETS 0 the Latest Style. m : & EVERY DESCRIPTION OT 9 I.QT.HING; BOjOTS, SHOES, : Right. the following advertisement: "Alice Gilon rnea 'Tho irii icf f ff "foil im1rfni-n-rt- i ' more am her mother Fanny have jQilmorei again) displaying to the astonished lookers- - SnedJh, in Olove,' aII0m-madSock. on the very identieal, rockingirrepressible. : gemcr, anu.De Known as tne uiimoresis horse, Large Assertmcnt cf with his head in rthe contrary diree-- i ters." This combination will be one of the tion. Wo were told to guess another island CONEY FURS, CAPE AND MUFI7$3:50r events of the season in the Greek Archipelago. Finr Line of LADIES' CORSETi Darney Jones, becoming restive under xnero was a aeaa : silence, i oomo one H. E. PlIELFS, a ten years term in tho Washington Terri vafnlyLsuggested Chios'inlspronounced 29 East Ttscplx Sibe horse r tory that but would not do, for the j Penitentiary, got out his jack knife, shy cut a hole Jn the concern, and stepped out deal horse was as steady as old Time. At into the world. They are now going to put length a small boy, late from school, ex H. DINWOODEY on an additional layer ot laths to make the claimed, "Samoss!" and it was the same horse, Wholesale & Betail Furniture Dealer. thing secure. j ioe curiam ieii. xne next scene was a v The word "imp" originally signified Largest Assortment; In Utah. was met by a young who portly gentleman, lie bos removed his Furniture from Main St.to his three "young man." Edward VI. is so styled in girl, who said: .s a letter of Crammer, and a young son of storey Brick Store, am to I meet "Doctor, glad you." Dudley, Earl of Leicester, who, as is sup YTBXl 80T7TH ST., BLOCK WEST OT COBWEB. A word Of five syllables. Give it up. v was hi3 is posed, nurse, poisonedhy "Metaphysiciansmet a physician.. cribedas anjmp JnJhCinscription on his The curtain fell, and was again drawn up tomb at Warwick. WALLACE to exhibit the amo portly - An exchange. feels sorry -- to learn a, Ger- - only and the girl meeting again. lias the best, largest and purest Btock of.confec- iau uuuuusb ims succeeueu in maKing a A word of three syllables. first-rat- e Itaphor"---me- t a fore was the solution. Monai7 in Salt 'LaEe city, r Jaat thfr place for ladies brandy out of sawdust. So are we. What chances . will tho . temperance to purchases yH ;; movement have when a man can tike a riD- - omttl, 'cr;r , ; " e - v --- r CO-O- P. ; BEFORE BREAKFASTr rail. ..- in the parlor are attractive in ap4: pearance, come down to breakfast in what s called dishabille. Our opinion is that the wnoie tami v oueht to look- wpII in th morning. It is important that the calico and the breakfast dress bo risrhtlv adiusted as well as the afternoon Silk and the basque, ii maw uui jiiue wuger auu it pays well, date for the ministery who had left broom- making, "My young friend, the Presbytery oeneves mat an men should dorifv Oorl in some way some by preaching and some by making brooms and that you are one who should make the brooms." . . :,"zrn.rx v" A V I'l T - M ""1 twvi I It I II k 1 fhnii fiiia iT i I i I .i ' . i j- tj..tt g"eiuen ana laaies or t 11 I u' OUiU . . .. - . jjir. made of .pieces of fpt wiro.I II a most wgemer ia Ingenious and knowing manner. He said that lately such nests had been frequently found, and that the crows often selected telegraph posts, between which and the telegraph wires built thoso wire nests, causing what isthey known as . . . .uu vviiiiiV' I illlli 111MlVllLlllll' l'rlrl II op Ttrff H communication. Crows, however, were by means tho only animals interforino. hi inelr domestic arrangement, with overland telegraphy. Wasps build their mud nesU in tho porcelain in rain and dew,4eakagoinsulatorscausing, from the wire to the SZTZu and?5other offalfrequently .dropped nnnn-thTirimn causing contact. These were all ... IV 1 I 11 A 1 . Doors and practical joke was once attempted to fiujm uuini. r5Kiuc as ne went one day to Westminster Hall with his ample bag crammed full of briefs. Some waggish barristers hired a Jew's boy to go and ask him if he had .... . "any old clo's to sell?" "No ?u 11UielIebrewimp," exclaimed the dIcinant counselor, "they are all new suits." in-n- o Vn IrIsh post-havin- driven a g gentleman a iung stage during torents of tho genrain, tleman civilly said to him, "Paddy are you not very wet?" Armh.-- flrtnf. nKniti 'MMu tlLWUl. . n. Lut. wet: very vnnr ohiro nn. I'm wiug I frequent very dry." I . . ... T -- v--u .. nmr onfnnu w . the foUowing Uberal term, ineciuD, ... - - plated in its pubiiciUon, by making It trnlj an exponent of the Tiews of the women of Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and Its columna enriched with a to club, for the present roJ. un- - 10 copies; 1 ytar with a copy to the getter np of . . hv the club. 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of father and mother look like a "oerfeet cvcuv aession oi ine Asmtin Nrvlplv ine. mirror DVw wn ph , . , , w . ...iuicuwHie . RhmvPfiv. n .rnit.).a Bchwcndler Golden n.iwn . ...... i. vivn ucai. meir cniiaren dress. I"". Determined that nothing thall be wanting on tho part or the Fttbliahew, to increase the circnlatlon of the Exponent and aid In promotlncr the obiccU contesi. -- ... uerstanu that whatever can be done "' K . ocl iio usKtu ner ODinion nf band it wni nno nfVnni. v Im .... l CLUB RATES. It is a fact that some ladies, who in tho The moderator of rorrnin Pm.hvfn in Scotland 13 reported to have said to nandi- - street A ' U1V. UUU SUU - I - - 18 00 26 00 uh.MT,.irt4u..H..1,nAf A.. ID J.UUCU . . v b (lETicuuaiuii: price, 12.50 v copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of Si 00 11 1 43 00 Zl someir- iramea. telllni? srlee . ' Club, can be commenced at any time, and addition, can be made after the nt list of name. ha. been .cnL Getter, np of club, thould notify n. of their intention, .o that we ran credit them with all name, tent in. In all case, gire the name and residence of each sub lime scribei, plainly and correcUy written, with-thwhen each subscription U to commence, and whether for f a whol or half year. Money can be remitted by registered letter at the risk v ef the publisher, t Subceriber. desiring the address changed from' one Tost OCce to another should send us their former, as well a. their new address. . . ; "We hoptfthat' agent, and ladle, throughout the Tenl-torespecially President, and OCeer. of Belief Socle-tiwill aid u. by getting np clubs, by bringing the Ex rosjaT fsTorably to the notice of otherwise using their Influence to Increase It. clrtala on and usefulncM. : . e - y, e, 