W QUICK' lias jhadr that" isy after, the; third week-h- e of white vitriol (sulphrate of zinc) and one quart of one ounce of; the strongest Tn rivev this wash a cream color, add fin elf. ' of a ter into in";a gallon put ochre (in powder), lp one half pound- - of yellow "of 'half and; a add pound.oi yenow ocuru brickthe'steamkepuby-'rabagive it a fawn loot, made ;in- of a pound of Indian red. To'male and to the boiling Water' containing the ammonia,' the wash a handsome gray stone color, add one naii -pound of the pan; being' placed in: the middle! bt ii of French blue and TIIB TAVOBEB SCHOLAB; BY JOEOf ROGERS. W 11 i 'i! ' Chyxajn-youusniaii- . And think to hold your idle rule ' O'er the enchantress by youf sid, i 60 graceful in her maiden pfl : So piquant in her fresh array, Like an incarnate Summer's day, V - .."With h&nglng carl, and parted lips And rose between her finger-tip- s, i And all Love'a ready "witchery hid ' Jld. ; .: ,'Xeath each ayerted, droopin? naif-teasehalfrpleased, be sits up there,-Anholds the slate with patient air, sum, ; . Showing the. Waiting to hear the answer come, Tint she lmows more her instlnots tell her, With what a rein she holds the 'feller," And tho! the answer lingers no- wUnder her broad New England brow, gr ebe's in no tiasto, ah, nol not she, .TO solve the ancient mystery; 'Tis pleasant, standing brbis side f" In girlish Xun and maiden pride, , Just conscious of her latent power, A queen for one brief morning hour I ' The lilacs in the sultry air ; May droop their purple clusters fair, idlo lie, f The unused ink-ho- rn 'I Is ', and dry, stiff The rusty pen grow w the of heedless boy below While, the Who boldly mocks pretty show, -Wlth'recklesai impudence of wit, ; 'Seta oomrades in a laughing fit; . Heedless of aught and all save her, 7 . Watching to see her eyelids stir The master of the Tillage school to submit to Cupid's rulet one-four- th irito:which the patienfcere b?0ulit; Indian red; a drab will be mad6 by adding one naii room, 'steam was passing ofiv hls the ammonia pound as ' pound of burnt sienna, and Vi tort H ra VVtro i oaA ' 1 4 1 a i 'AiBMllt rt i w -- one-four- th ir i. cut-tin- 1 car-petin- g. lr-- ; ..--n wouff., .v fui "i -- uuaicijr ;" : ; a - j vuiwi? a : 1 . - r . - You have a wife for yourself, mistressf for yourihbusend Lfriends, a lady for thejworld "HYGIENICTNOTE&-- mm? ad'socletyour-w-i nnd innihanh Wonralrin. are sometimes speedily relieved by applying your mistress will rule you; your lady will manage you. xour who win iaKe care oi yur household, your mistress 1of yourarehouse, appearances. you your lauy sick, nurse Will mistress will wife you; your your visit you, your lady will Inquire after 5'bur health. You take a walk with your wife, a ilde with your mistress, and go to a party with your lady. Your wife will 6hare your grief; your mistress your money, yourJady your debts. If you are dead, your wife will weep, your mistress lament, and your lady wear mourning. Which will you have? ::, - to the wrist a of bruised or grated ; ' ' Beefitcab A method of broiling equal in every horseradish. quantity . respect to the gridiron, excepting that it lacks the Chabcoal for Wpuio)3. A correspon smoiy taste, is this: Set your spider on tho stove, "and lei 'it get smoking hot. Put in no butter nor dent of the Scientific American says: "The found for surface any kind of grease.- Have your meat previously best simple remedy I have abrasions such as cuts, of the skin, prepared by trimming off all pieces of bone, gland; wounds, tc. from the coal a is charcoal. Take live , luperikrous su6t and tissues that will bind the edge ' end rmka it JeurLup. ' Lay it very carefully and stove', jmlverizo it, apply it to the wound cover tho whole with a rag. The charsmoothly in the spider. It will 'stick fast at first, and but as soon as it is browned, can be loosened with coal absorbs the; fluids secreted by the wound, and lays the foundation of tho scab; ra knife. Sprinkle a little salt on the upper A Stentorian Voice. In the Grecian and turn it ovcr. Let the other side brown it also prevents the rag from irritating the is and it antiseptic. the 'samo as tho first Have a platter warmed. flesh, army it was usual to have three inen in each, lay the meat cafefully upon it, without besmearing havo observed that battalion to communicate tho commands of the edges, dress with butter and pepper, and send a peculiar and rather common deformity of the officers to tho men-- of these bno ear it to the table hot. By this process you have as th n chest .is caused bv ' the- hahit. of snokWO I ried a standard, and another a trumpet.' But . crisp and brown a surface, wii the j nice retained, the thumb in infancy ana early childhood. in the din and confusion" of battle, when as Well as by broilingand the additional advan The weight pr tho arm on the thorax of the neither signal could be seen nor trumpet tage that the inevitable drippings are saved, and child during sleep : produces depression of heard, the third man (who for this piirposo can bo converted into gravy. the ribs in the lino occupied by the arm was tho strongest in the'army) communica Wash For Buildings The following 13 a most when the thumb is placed in the mouth. ted the commands by word of mouth. Hothis is a very Important eflfectof "thumb-suckine- mer relates of one of these men, Stentor excellent, cheap and durable wash for wooden fen- As never hitherto tainted out I thint by name, that he shouted as loud as fifty ces and buildings. It owes its durability cheifly tj thi white vitriol which hardens and fixes the wash: it desirable to placo this thing on record for II other men Hence a man with a powerful tho benqflt of other observers. "Brit. Mod voice is said to possess tho voice of Stentor, or a Stentorian voice. burned lime in the limo with boil- Journal. by , ' x J. V -- ; ! ; . - 1 mrrmh. ISbeakpast BEPOBOKKAlways r hnnhn ' in lAmrinra limn lr Fn pf hfWA left sticking ;" carpets and ruggsor when carelessly I hi , in unfinished work. x mu.. wm au eai . whfle a wringing About three years ago woman, xmj out a cloth with which she, naa Deen iwipmg ine Z - servant farmers of education corroborates sufShe hand. in her off needle a broke floor, fered extremely; and the piece of needle is yet in 1110 leacniug 01 ine oest incuicai minus, : her hand surgical aid having failed to discover it. that by strengthening the- stomach and A young lady.sat down and inclined back against a sending j invigorating nutriment ., to the whole system, weakened y. by ; the long last piece of unfinished work which she herselt had a power tv of nl.ierd on the back of the chair,I and broke the I of the night, there11is generated ' x x irom needle off in her arm. The arm swelled exceed- faucu .guiua me ou&uis com 01 wmier uiiuirom me maianas ingly and was very painful, but the needle could uie miasms of summer, especially in: flat, not be extracted. A worthy citizen' and personal Irieud of the writer of this item, as he was about damp, and luxuriant soils, which can not be toTerire for the nitrht . stenned on wicsscu , u. ..laugaugc, wuue ....a needle which Dotn experience ana experiment nave comhad lodged in a rug by the bedside and broke it off in his heel. He was compelled to undergo a sur- bined to show that, by the simple expedient of an early breakfast, individuals and famigical operation in order to obtain relief from the lies and neighborhoods 'have exempted pain which was caused by this seemingly insignificant wound. A man in Somerville, Mass.' recent themselves irom tnat scourge or an new countries "fever and ague," 'especially if ly, while eating thicken pie felt, as he supposed, a Ho applied to a followed by a supper a little before sun small bone lodge in his . throat. from y to November. surgeon who extracted .the offensive . agentj which down, to be a rusty needle.- - It 13 supposed that proved n i 1 ' i ioou me needle was carelessly dropped into tne WIFE, MISTRESS AND LADY. wIiIeE thejMcken ate, and that it worked its'way mto the flesh of the chicken and came near des- Whoever, marries trovinjr the life of the man in Question. Numer- uus vuivr n w,&u uuuutu, vuu iukk axe who marrics fox a position takes a lady. deemed sufficient to forcibly impress upon the minds You are loved by, your wife, regarded, by, of the incautious the ' great importance of being . your mistress, and tolerated by your lady. careful abou needles. a -s g long .since, while a piece of rag carpeting to suit the rooms for Which was desigaed,-- was much annoyed by its ,DroDcnsity', to unravel, wasting at least an inch "at each end, which to my economical aind was not at all pleasant. So I "set my wits .to work" to devise abetter way, and have found that by stitching it oh the sewing machine, on each side of and very close to tho dividing line, or where it is to be rent off, no wastage will occur, and the edges may then be . bound with narrow, binding as other , ' Some ladies whom I know, supply their weavers with xyam,whichMir lengths, according to the size of the room which .the carpet is intended for. As the yarn will not unravel easily, it may be cut there, and hemmed or bound, as preicrred . 1 lu7uu7 . HOUSEHOLD HINTS. it r .T ucu-mn- c, 1. ' ot uciuio J" i $ : Carpets.--N- hncKpI Af ime and nail ... -- About Jlag kTf a pThmelvldancerouswhen dipped , ... ctnnA lnRrpnn nr fine A n-t- , ! L.V. . " ! j Vi'i--k I ? a bushel of hydraulic cement mice va luui uajro iciuiiuauug iuo iuaiauj' "Re careful with nccdIe&---Man- y persons have na fnstnhlisKi hAVnrlH fadntihtrftrift-- vjiIha have few not a and o thg mo(ie 0f inhaling ammonia asa thera-iftsf- c experienced years of suffering, With carelessness of account their lives on Atrnt in frnnnnilizin thn nfcrvnns ' Ib needles. Needles are very useful artieies-but- are u vsf pttti h AlrnnTji fleers,-izthe about i oft-repea- ted Irns xz c d, - one-four- th pound . 4 SB XPON E NT. .. sur-fac- e1 : J : Tnu3iB-sucKiKG.-- -I , . V . - it, covering ing water. After it is slacked, add cold water WHOOPING COUP.ir. A writer in 1h to enough bring itto'thoconsistcner of rood white Hedical Journal. Londnnr stntes thnf in Petitions for Woman Buatage, to which wash, Then dissolvo in water; find add one pound cases of Wero attache(1 300,00a signatures, have been whooping cough in the last staze 