FLORAL HINTS. productions that would pe out of season when the territorial fair is heid,iri thexautumn. Tha To revivk wilted. ctJTTiNGS.Hearth display of fruits,flowers and vegetables thisyear waifine; vand among :the7attractions ipre and Ilome says, mix three or four drops of sented was a minaturb landscape, composed of spirits of camphor with an ounce of water a variety! materialsi the Artistic Work,chIeny and keep their stems in this fluid for half a of Mrs; E; M JJarnumr;? ; h--- day or rnorein ii dark placej till they havo j LAKE SIDE EXCURSION. We are requested by one of tho committed to state that tho excursion to Lake feidc,notied in our last has been pos tpo n ed t o the SotU of the present month. This change in the time has been thought advisable inr consideration of the large excursion advertised to go id. Cache valley soon, and afso the' violent storms so fre quent of late. By the SSthJnst; the ladies hope the weather will have become' so ;setlei that the original programme can be carriea out to the enjoyment of all who participate. m HOME AFFAIRS. . Mattie Gaylqkd, eminent a Liulecturer, is in town and.expectk .to : lecture this-evening- , . t A pueeic CAUCwas held at Xogan, Cache Co., July, S3 th, C C. 'Hurst was chosen chair- man ana J. A, JUeisnman, Sccretarjv Ajcom mittee was appointed ; to nominate precinct onicers and consider the previous; doings of the county con ventlon. The nontlnatioh's! of the entirely recovered.,, 77 ', Training the Wistak r a. Wistarias are naturally climbing vines, but are readily trained into almost any form that may suit one's fancy. I have a plant trained as a dwarf; shrub; it Is four feet high and about county caucus which included B. Young, Jr. fiver feetr ucross trio branches,;1 there being and W. B. Preston for Representatives in the upon it at this time 271 drooping clusters ''. of bluish flowew'Itis not diflicult to train tho Judge were endorsed; also the. Peoples Terri to purple Wistaria as a shrub, it being nal TioRet.' fcjeverai nominations for precinct to pinch- off the ends of the omcers were maue aucr wmcn tne meeting was young shoots in; summer, thereby restrict - . V , .T.;.: adj6utncvK.; ing jt growth to: prescribed limits. ThU Legislature nd fbr-Pro- teH x?r jrticcrjiieV ba each self-supporti- only-necessa- nearlyToot longn ng ry them." As another instance of Utah's, resources j a fine quality of soartonehas been discovered Delegates oii: the dlfierent precincta: in constant checkiucr of otrrowth in ;summer-- ' Mr. GlbsonT! saidrto.;be Veberunty ineriniireiiittoatTOgdenni' eausWTpid Tincrease7iafruit,Tor;fruiting by miles within ten: of this cltyand- very exten- - the otQf nlt.i after icnectlng an organization, spu rs upon J all the branches, the result of chairman as Brown T with A, they (adopted which; appears in the profusion of flowers E. W. East .having declined the nomina- a ticket of terri toriaL and local bflicers to bo vo tho ensuing season. If any one has a Wis- -' tion of Justice of the. Peace for the second pre- ted ;7orisdon!TAmongf- the names were: "Geo. taria of any variety or species which foils to cinct in this bityj the commit tee liaye", placed Q. Cannon i for Congressional Uelegatej John bloom satisfaci orily, they have only to ap GeorWCrismon name on the ticket; for that fVan Cott, Lewis S. Hi lis and John Robbery, ply the ''pinching" process to correct any Commissioners' t6 locate I University 'lands tardiness in this respect. It. N. Yorker. : "lf '? P hsbcjlM'tfisTC; .! j7f vhnjr?jfTS7 An ingenious invention for, running street JiOiin Farr and Chas. W Penrose, StroKg Fertilizer. It represents the to ; wicnanisii'ro- fertilizing principles of at least one hundred cars wun eieam as , motive , power, nas Dcen tlves ine The Circular bate introduced here recently; .From, the yiew: we Judge. published' by the times its weight of concentrated animal had 6f; tHe car and steam dummy as it People Territorial Committee J was; read manure, and supplies to the plants nitrogen, ' reblch passed our oflicctn its trial trjptjwe think?it and adopted' by jthe Conyehtioii phosphorus potash, sulphur, and iron in wili be qwte a success as it seemed to be easily solved itself into' acommitteid to co Operate a completely soluble state.; The compound thV central Peoplcs" Committee These consists 6f 400 parts of hitrate of ammonia; r controlled, t j I ir., 7, with r: The people of Ikx I Elder County have liems we gainer itom tuc.ugtien j uiipiiou. :T 200: parts biphdspHate of ammonia; 250 ' ! muriato nominated Jonathan C. Wright for Represen- J School teaciiers aii( those who intend to parts; nitrate of potash; i5() parts o'f 60 lime, and parts sulphate tative" to' ih::Iiegaturexlnd' Samuel' Smith teach in this.'county ishuid read . the following of ammonia; 40 of These ingrediparts sulphate 'iron. ; for Probate Judge.'-' J)ayis q?h e3f" unty hasriom j; pjotice mixed. One are. ents and dram '; pulverized Anson'Call'and Wd.jSmitfi 'for" liepU aminations, we be jieve, tend greatly to improve nated then -the grade of teachers and those v ho cannot of the powder (about a teaspoon ful) iswine-resentet . dissolved in a quart of water and a Judge;?." Botli Counties Support the 'People's passj satisfactorily j leant of their deficiencies of the .solution given tvyo or thrco ' glassful to to come the must do Territorial T cketf prop time's a up f w v : and what they week, in accordance with the health' 'xSfZ'X standard: er r"? In Accordance with lection foyrJof thd late UA second examination for the fchcol teach-ers'- and luxuriance of the vegitation. The plants may be placed in any kind of Act of ;Corigress, better knbwa as' the tTolaiid ' Salt lMe? County wilf be held Mil 'the BUi;theiHoh Elias'SmithlProbaleJudge of TiniversiBuiiahW;1 SaItLake City;f on Sat- -' earth, however poor, ; oven . pure sand, or may not be potted at all. It is stated that Kounnan Salt :Lake County; JSthcommih Aug; urday certain flowers, the fuchsia, for example,may Clerk of; the Third DistrictColirt met at 'the Cbur t House bn3rd ul f i aiidprepared d list of erilihguldlcomexamination will be couduct-e- d hsimliivateilirithoutjEfc and ink, as the ng the stalk in a jar, at the bottom of which persons to act as jurors This list of names cerV also; a with s an inch or so of water, just sufficient to piincipally by manuscript, with' residences f has; been published in the tificaie: mora character ; of 7 cover the ends of the roots. To the fluid a 7; 'i $ioO will be charged each, applicant, Iq proportional quantity of the fertilizer is The tike Brigade enlivened, the evening , of ,rv:; added, as alxve specified, once in eight days.' iuy h:i: ,n j f, the fTventy-fourth- " by ,a storchlight procesU- The foliaceous development of plants treated v U. HRiaos. m,t Board ' fiion on a fpecia train qf.fa;:open ui iiuun .iv Ann. rt With the substance 18 said to be truly won- lighted their torches 'ft the noihern ;limU3of II. I. Doremus. Examination. derful, and yet the ; rapid growth of the the cityifrom whencethe.train ;i moved Elowly t Thomas and favor- eaves does not interfere with the most lux widely Esq., AVilliams, to the southern end. then returned tdl the, fita uriant flowering. To this wo may add that died in known the'eomniuhity unexpect ably tion and run up tothd Temple lockwhere the 17th of last month. Early in the quite recently tvo havo tried a compound the en edly firemen got off jmdmarchedto t he Ice Cream to his. - dinner and hastily composed of the majority of the sub went he' home aernoon eveof stances above detailed,' merely as an experi Gardens to! spend the: remainder" ;thoseated at table suddenly commenced to while t ment, on a small and sickly fuchsia. The , ypmit bloody 'After throwing up considerable plant was drooping and little else remained DurinO Ablate thunder; blood he lay, on; the sofa to ; rest but was very than a half dry stalk. VAfter two applica Catholic church wasTsfruck hy lightningi fat- - weak and apparently un'ablo .to , answer iwhen tions of tho" fertilizer, its effect was appar- tinted by the cross on the dome. : - Partx of Uie addressed, after his eyes Wero 'closed in ent, and at tho end of ten days, during dome and 0510 of the pilars that jsupportcdithe death, f A coroner'0 inquest held the same eve- which probably half a pint of tho solution gallery, were .shattered and some ether damage ning, rendered the .verdict that he died from had been supplied to the earth, new shoots done, ;.The lightning is supposed, to have niade the bunting of a blood vessel. ;. He was born had sprung out, leaves formed, and the en-- ' Its exit through one of the' windows. A :gen- - at Newport, Mbn, England.1 His life was'feuch tire plant became perfectly loaded down with tleman, who, with' two ladiesi :pne on either that he won the love knd esteem of all who buds. --Scientific American. side, wa? walking past at the time wa knocked knew him and It could be said that his friends down by the fl ish while the ladies were un; were' ay numerous as his acquaintances. He ; i i ..? touched. . iv:.: wasai'inember of the church High Council ; statue; of d of the Speaking member Washington, which cost $50,000, In the CUL The". Desebet Horticuitural" SocietyT'lieid Treasurer of the general exhibition July .Idth,- - I6H1 of tfie'CftyTCouncll, part. proprFetor,"and one ast Capitol Park, Grace Greenwood wittily 'and 17th, in the 13th ','Warb! Assembly Rooms. of ihc Managers of the Theatre. The obsequies says that his outstretched arms point reSuch exhibitions enable professional gardeners, held at the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, were proachfully towards tho glass cases in the d and others, to jpresent before the public the ver' largely attended and the' funeral proces- - Patent.Oflice, where hang his habiliments. ; ; choicest specimens of fruits, flowery and other fclon comprised ove r e igh ve h i c I e?. Bubiect: Ou r girls, what'rfiall We do with , : J : . - , -- - f " r 1 1 . i - f 4 , tanrCrofw.' 1 .1 ; "A n of 1 ;t and-jdSeph- E. 1 r- f -. -- , -- ? -r i I f car?.--Tbe- : y : - f . l ning.-----.tr- f I p I I I f j J I- gtrirtoman 1. , 2 Ky-zz - 1 . - f - - - - - r- r half-nake- '' 1. much-desire- , ": t. -- - : 