owers in its window and see if in Irsswmiv furniture there is not a tidiness and preci' South Cottonwood, Feb. 1874. sion not noticeable in other apartments.- See if the woman and her husband andjier chil'Mrs. L. Greene RiciiXrds: I have been thinking of writing something dren are not more kindly spoken, more manfor f hp Exponent a long time ; but being nerly, more decent than the occupants of the other sections. SHU further inquire if yquhVandhimid, I have only just gained this sufficntgfourage rto undertake the task. ter family of the flowers has not "seen betdays" than those which condemned it to First, I must ask permission of you, to have a fifth my letter published. I do hot know as I and story room in a neighborhood of filth wickedness. , can write any thing to edify any one, but I -think-b-y benefit I ine natural love of fl nvers Guarantees a trying, I superior natural intelligence. It guarantees myself. I will speak to the young daughters of a kind heart and affectionate impulses. Pick Zion. , ,I wish I could see you all, and tell out, then, this fifth story room if you are in sgarpn m n gprvant. The little, irir. you what 1 think about some things7T choke your baby to keep it from crying; the would ask you to be steadfast, ever walking TnaxiavilLnotJucK inlheaTnXSO dilibe more and more cautious every day, of be the woman will do your house-wor- k and thank gently you sincerely for every acting led astray, remembering that we are of benevolence. . surrounded with every kind of influence, The general diffusion or a more general both bad and good, I fear almost more of the former than the latter. We should, if pos- diffusion of a love "of flowers is what, above sible, guard against all evil things. And of all other things, we sordid, plodding Ameri course we can if we will. Let us retrench can people need. Yo heads of large houses, i n OU rd resran dinrou raet ions,--a nd -- hevery ye brokers, ye merchant princes, alasUwould careful with whom we associate. The young that ye merited such high sounding names, listen! cut down your expenses for just men of our day like to see us dress well, and we like to please them; but we should not one year a thousand dollars or so, and invest aye, a flow go to excess, either to gratify their whims this saving in a flower-garde- n Start for your offices a little later or our own. I am sorry there are not more young men in this Territory, that are very and return a little earlier each day. Devote good, quiet kind of menj but there are some an hour to the companionship of flowers. such, and would give them all the credit If will invest home with a new, potent and a path to which is duo them. If we will live as we enduring charm; it should live, the right one will come along higher thoughts; it will unite you more in the right time, for every girl, not one closely to your wife and children; it will reLet us ever veal the grinding selfishness of your busineed throw herself away. ness relations: it will induce a more liberal serve God and keep his commandments. God course towards those in your employ and it I will bid my young sisters good day. bless you all and help you to do his will, is will have its effect to raise the disreputable standard of most mercantile pursuits as they ever the prayer of your faithful sister. are at this day conducted. E. E. 1). - -- may-be-abl- eto --:- ! er-be- d. I will-ope- n am mm m FLOWER GARDENS FOR CHILDREN. It is desirable on many accounts that chil- dren should cultivate flowers rather than fruits or vegetables. Host children arelond of flowers, and can be taught to love them, and the hardier and commoner sorts at least do not tax the energies so heavily as either fruits or vegetables In cultivation. Besides, since flowers appeal solely to the moral sense they facilitate the inculcation of generous habits. As children acquire strength and skill, ;they may gradually be mtrastedrith-th- e care or vegetables and fruits; but they must be taucrht to use the products of their is as a moans of conferring hntu on piness others; for thus can their own imnmnessj that which is selfishly enjoyed jnust ultimately result in discontent. Dut'of all the lessens to be learned in agarden7 thelnost valuable is the art of observing; for so varied," so delicate, so minute, and yet so unerring, are tho operations of Nature, that, though the closest study may fail to fathom her mysteries, the rewards of such a study are so rich and sosurprising that cven the student years is perpetually stimulated, to fresh researches. This interest in natural objects, once awaKeneu, will prove an inexnaustiDie source oi pleasure while life lasts: for it is an interest that the commonest heath can gratify: and he that has made good use of his powers of observation, he that has trained his senses to bring him accurate Information, cannot "travel from of-tend- Dan to Beersheba and . cry .'Tis all barren."- "Home and School." r r t FACTS AND FIGURES. Kansas City lia3 five miles of metropolitan tele graph. Rochester. N. Y., Ins a new school house cost- fond flowers?" of acquaintances. "Are you ins $28,000. we tno tne is in guess, negOF FLOWERS. reply Kareiy, INFLUENCE THE ativefor those who are not fond of flowers Locomotives arcthenow heated in Russia with the Yola : . raw petroleum of As spring is here, and time for the are ashamed to make it known: and full may be. Are not the most capti There are only eight gold watches ia Harrisbur planting of flowers now approaches, we welt they flower-gar nature vast but Pa. according to the official tax levy. would call attention to this beautiful and vating scenes in from we cull which healthful employment. Upon this subject, dens? A natural park A dub of krmers ia Chcsterficld;Ill., takes $100 to adorn the. choicest the gems epitome busi? New York and a successful experienced worth of magazines and newspapers annually. jrheyilack,in ness man, "haswri t ten as tollowsrWithout reckoning exports, the English consunip- deed, but tho grandeur of an extended "If the penchants of men could be turned view. e cultivated grassy lawn is not to tion of coal amounts to l(X),00'y)00 tons per annum. theaters, from billiards, dinners, be found upon the untouched hillside. .The Stanislaus Co., Cal., has 2 ) farms of over five riches, excessive - business application and tricolor Geraniu the Roses, Camellias, the vulgar mania for cheap, vapid distinchundred acres each ranging from 501 to 39,143 of Carnati and Gladioli glorious acres. tion: and the penchants of ladies from the wo can skill florist's the of results fashpatient Ansi,ivnmfints of arbitrary forms and grounds-about4)urhom- es club-house- s, to-d- ; - ux- - v Agassiz nousc anu uurar 7 ? bv will. In haa no timo to y.n( m .spo.&eci in meet wo wthe which est. Pe ; Minni fnrinooe fnr fin simple plants make money. who him or for her for fields. j Alas, then, ers a physical, moral and intellectual beneflower-garde- n In Carthage' 111.7 hoys under the age of 1C are, for, with the fit to them and to their children would prove j loves" not the mt.-- v. same eve and sentiments, must be viewed by a city ordinance recently passed, prohibited from t.-.-VI. fV II. LI 4. Ul - ' the woods and the chewing tobacco. .i,u.,ra fmrv. fimv tho' hill and the vallev, VUtLUAV. fields and all of earth's growing things with The City of New York i ivcots $05,000,000 in preparation of the soil to the gathering of which beautified world." the God has e Dants, the seed; requires a gentle, skillfulr patient manufactures, $00,000,000 m seventy-onbusiness. in and the wholesome liquor and $200,000,000 disciplining hand hence its As directions. these inhaling, influence in Th Government Bureau of Engraving and Print noisome odors, living among unsightly surA generous Georgia girl recently peddled ing at Washington; employs 1,405 men with sala ' with out 300 kisses at ten cents a smack and then ries amounting to $300,000. roundings, associating aesthetic untidy people tend to stifle every gave the money to the poor to buy coal and taste and The new Minnesota Legislature has cut down the spirit, flannel and things. sense and beget a kindred cost of stationery from $4,000 to ,.?o00,. ana mus so living among tho flowcra and, as itjvvere, Honorable mention is made of a Maine ed to appropriate any money for postage stamps. talking their chaste language," breathing, their fragrance, watching and caring for the servant girl who is now serving her. 82nd Mr. Win. Trotter of Taylor" Co.. Kentucky, has; to $300 000 bequeathed ly an aunt m plant fronxthe seed tomaturity, cannot fail winter under the same roof. Fcrontra, a .41 r".'rrru;-,,.:"- i lons auu uiu uiywi k -- wwi, iw, uupuu u.ui L . aj' scan-cl- v , believe are the sisters of the mod- - ' ... ' foul-mouthe- d, ir ,rt-- to purify, c r to create 3mun house and makes his trowsors. to "strengthen every refining inpulie of the soul. In some of the vilest districts of New York, we occasionally see in windows, gera niums, morning glories, ivies. or other vigoro f ous plant It may be from tbewm s ory a building tlio homo 01 peniap iciuj families. Call in at this room having the . m.m :giri-agcd-iyrlpsl- ier used to be eld Ml Trotter. high price to There are milk baths in New York City Two thousand dollars U a pretty is wnat ir.wvoi by ladies whot pay for a single rooster. - 'lliatHatchelder which. are patronized largely . Tn lor a blact in I, mv ,o ipr nam in miiK ilinub 15 luiiuuu iijo Vml ia the the best 1. - ! ru v ...-- v . -- -i;- n ,r;r: and beautifying their complexion. -" : country. . - game 