W O M AIST' S :E X P ON E N T.' 75' ftffairist it i8nclr 'nrhWliriWa havn a vnrv ihfirffttiv"'iKrths!4ffint ''with anftneas" and had inflaenco.ciausinp'pliiffli'An tn doubt thftir dpliftafiV;-viitihfir"'rAliftTfInm'fniin(l unltfld. e rt mrentsfgoodner-'th- ifatheriinbritiQther:' r." ' ! ECOBD. WOMANISH " I J t , "TT . now past sixty, knows .:iw:rafahT'asT possess it become : iizlcatedViin1dJ169je.9lI;Joperintend$hGrTanu the'different be cautious how you indulge "5.YferS'tvV: licitedbut may sajATheyowsometbthemselves; and orefer as a r natural cOn"seau'ericff fhpfr ills often a preat MemV"to: delicaevahda work,.' f :iii.-;--I;::'rr-aliV ..! ' . il 'iyry;- -- Z ;. : u -- ' . "y.--- still VrreaitAr ono 'to diwnitv of character: f MRS Ouniway nas the honor .oft a repor- II mav sometimes irain Voir aftola use. but it ter.aesK in both Houses .of , the ;Qregon . wi i nnvfir nrrvnrA rphwr uukwwiuiv. , . ., I "j I Beware of detractions '.especially Where Bosa Bonheur is ffty-twyears of age, own sex lmiirried and lives happily v1th a sister lspncerned.'"Tottrevgener': ypiir chafed' With betas Darticularlv laddict and several brothers. ed" to this; ylce perhaps4 unj ustl; ;r naenare to be of Bazaihe is own wav to that of Daren Li of miTirii hin of Ivine-- for when It also bezetsa-habi- t nniuirftn lee maw un ronat tmav win fhow are doubled and f disbelieved ; they become careless as to wiiat they say: and aro led: by and bye, into wickedness. - Be Ware of Yalsely accusing little children; Thetender minds and opening understand- - fully, argUilfy of : ;. departments ot : Boston ;''r;-- : I - j ; , b: , i ihter&Uh; p Madame ithen thejr represented low btature, very "dark and with regular 4 feat t placed before them; whilo pre--; clash, and as you r feclinga are qulcKer," your dominant, ever present in word and action: ! temotatiohs 'to it are 'more frequent. For jA Japanese girl;T who caraoi to AmeHca iEsDeciailv where this reason bo particularly careful of the three year! ago; recently7 bore? off four of thel indoors: and outdoors. cmidren aro aUowed- to ramble about in the reputation of your own sex, highest prizes at a Washington sehiiharynm evil-reign- uresheabou s' yearald,; ; : - -- streetsijtpoWut fiilgbnevaif Jacls company they kep: for vuH conversation as shameful in - itself, and l6tte, N & r Shells Jabipye ; bife'ybuhnot garity eems almost to be the rule, and goadJhighlyisgu ryp'attracdecent ilangnage j the exception commonly, to you. The dissoluteness! of some meh?s 30of ineiiim Iheigh'tVnd iive t3.vu. iuiu a..very greai one,' one eaucaiion may miovv; inem. ii : uo . ux venuu "4wi -inT-ejJecttgin- e " - iMiss Vinnio jBeam, : of Washington, thoughts and .wrong topics of conversation delicacy enoughtQheh0(&edraO Cy possesses in clay, the only; bust: ever; made of Gov.itichard I.Yates, ;of Illinois, wherothero .fihpuld be only innocence and comes froni the mouth or a female. f f 'j 1j tiaivpurityls;bf ttfwt deUcatol naturetlmi it and hopes to" recivo a commissiotf to put lit ii 4Ah . ;4What children, need to know can ho taught cannut even hear certain lhings without in marble for $1 000. c;;j h4 ,;A ,;: themgradu 3JdEdmwnd-Flbt tntamJnaUo.nXtfcJsiilvay be trained:to light bu i a to of woman iSey aypld.jthesenp.man a.prte- city of Chelsea, 3lass.; the other dayi ;claim-- ; thought uou vert- ing $10,OOf tlamages, for injuries received f fH11.11"!.3, peipre tnem or a looi wui insult a wgiiiuu wuu i'"u:rfiJuo y in nor sees ho will VhroughtthV'baU her tion which pain; gives a"righ4ghjivp mosi' he dare to doit if she resent the injury ceived $2500. what ".'r;'-:'.- who is shouldjbe; lift the Jowt witKhecomings'pirit. There "is , a; dignity JkfRS. Rhodo of Island, Hayard, in conscious virtue which is ablo to awe the grovelUng and World asa distinguished man nture. most shameless and abandoned men.- You known in the; art.a t n ' umber I of ; her works, on TlVere ex sculptress, has wjll be reproached,'; perhapi; Paris where they are attract-in exhibition rate at is tation it of etjrbf;;temp any that delicacy; but, ing attention and favorable comment. ruu anu ui uio iw tciuiica muiuiuat Wisuuin tacttl oetier. iu uiuugui wiug Tiiii Empress'Augnsta hai called aimbet-ih- g gentleness and4 fifmness combined; to ih-- l ridiculous than disgusting. The men will of alFthe delegates from all the women's sure success in implanting the Jiightinstead complain of your reserverihey will assure of the wrong But abltk and impressions' you that a frank MhayioxAypuid. make lyou associations of Germany to bo held i at Ber- The Queenibf Wurtomburgr obtained through' childhoods yeursr," often' more amiable; .but they, are not, sincere when iin irf October. Saxony,- Grand Duchess of Baden and remain mrougn jueanu are never lorgotten; tney ten you so. migui ui pome occa atid Prihcess AUce of 1tlmQt havb"p'romsed tto whtetiamongnlitUechildrenrcbrinfrsT : ; Chris-sweetnes- s, , -- : : " ""'t ? 5 - ; ; -- . -- ( sions ;rendeu'raoagreoable as givlnga coloring to mind and rnanner-Whicortrairiing- can pauions; but it wouloTmake you lessaraiable attend. h ' ; h&.iljU. iiT.;-...t;- h ? ,:nti7 b. C. 'as ivonieri, an important distinction of which "Tiie Baroness; Mathilde Boihschild, sbc-:, change.: ond daughter Hhexleceasedy the wife or .'JiiJJtvEBrSept.y3rdrl874."T'v" rfi;-;;';:' J:ii:..:.-!i.ir& There is a'cerih'gehtfeness of 'spirit ktid Bardn:WUnelmrVbn'Itothschildb iilj?; fortrTeriownedrt for this- piety,rhehevolehceL Tfjmanflers exlfamelngaginginybun I nH S eni t 0. and Talmudicai lore, is an" ardent 'friend of BEttAVIOK OF FEMALES IN COMP'AI J1?? Oil on a cuusmuawo AMMnirl AWir A ouvr? smiles all alike. x J unmeaning simper ,a a i ' auu1 a cuiunuaur ui music, irom an uuuuiuuua ui suiinesa or CeSS. . r. One of. the nchief beauties in a female xnia arises character is: modest reserve that retiring perfect i nsipid i ty. We wish them to pos Mns. Mary C. Wilber, widow of tho first sess the most: perfect- simplidtvuof heart wnicn avoids the ueiicacy public eye. and the'. Cincinnati iTemalq .College, U even disconcerted at the" gaze of admira and manners. They niay possess dignity President of without meaness; was honored by receiving the degree of A. affability, tion. f When a girl 'censes to blush she ha without pride; and simple ' elegance' without affecUUlon. M. from that I nsti tation , at, its recen t Conif lost the. most powerful of beauty. Irs. '5VWberiis!onoof tho!. idea when ho- said of rancenient The extreme- - sensibility which' it indicates Milton had' the same Board of Instruction in the college, -Vt'V.T...... .aJ V r ... Evet: be as a considered en weakness and may ' "Grace was in all hr step?, bearea la be r eye, . Miss Gilbert, a blind lady,7 opened a cumbrance to the other sex.' but in females ure lYe In every set anJ dijuity v is peculiarly engagingas blushing is so far j blind Schoolshein a Holborn cellar in London, ibrwhieh paid elghteett pence per weeki that it is the usual wmpany of innocence. THE' iNTERNATIOAL EXHIBITION. She ha3 now one thousand pupils, whom she has' taught fo Support ' the'mselvcs.c They That.modesty which Is so osjential to the sex, wm naturauy dispose them to ba rather -- The7 United States Centennial Commis- - maintain tho Institution, which .gives them " silent in company, especwlly in a large:one; sion announces its readiness to receive ap-- a homeV an education and ah occupation. wvyiv.vi; sense anu. aiscemment - will never plications for space in theTntcrnatiohal- Ex . CllAXCELLon .Yincneur oi ine oyracusu lAKjucn : suence lor. auiness.- - A person hibition of 187G, at Philadelphia. - It is im- - Univershivsays hb' had nb .knowledge of may take share in conversation without pbrtant that It should be known-wit- h the the ruin of female' 'constitutions': ty proper a women' are; generally uiienng syiaoie the expression of the least possible delay what space will bere- - coUegiate .workr While ' ' " s- snows ; never scholastic duties tfieir it, anatnis wnienanqe quired in each of the departments of the Ex more.- punctual In capes-a- n observing.- - eye. , Converse .with hibitipn by American exhibitors, in order. than" ybuber VhenV It Is Valso a matter of WH. iWim ,tnat ..qignmea what roorn can bbservat ion that .there Is ho branch of learn-be assigned to foreign, nations. y.Pyentthoapproacnof-themcting so exacting upon memory, there are hot nified imiliarity, and consequently.; prtK or powers of abstraction," that them themselves your superi- r .... yent women worthy to bo competitors of. tho Teeling; : Am so ; they, go;"- - ono of the Portland strongest men." - fr CP ''v t-7 r; ; r Ylt U the most dangerous , talent which fschoolcommittee is reported to have said; a female .can possess. ''It must b'e guarded Qur: great men are last depirtlngflrst with- - great discretion and rood nature. Greeley, then - Chase. "and now Sumner-one happy and rich Contentment makes " othcrwto It will creato many enemies. Wit and I dont feel very well, myself." as tho greatest king. ),-u- u-ihc- ? - trr-rr-- SR? " . ; , ; - ft. A- - , -- 1 :,'. - J i m t-har- ..s- , - - . , v . 1 '- 4 . , -- --- - -- . - , juuu.tj - ::: -Vr- : i 3 4 