WOMAN'S EXPONENT., 102 ' ' For 1 the Expoj?kxt. fTioJi THE FISHERMAN'S HOME. ' r t4 The twillghthour was nlzh. : wwoMulTsero rat seen three days after a thorough application, l, The wind in fitful murmurf rang . ' tower and cliff and tree, Through The wares gently bearing In soft cadence snnj A sweet,7 sad song of the sea." ; , hygienicInotes. I Low, where the hills came bending down, To a small, deep curve of the sea, J . Matp Trmnm Tmirm eminent physician, who devotes the whole of his attention to diseases of the throat ands lungs,told us the other day that about three ' fourths of all throat diseases, would Vet wpII by wearing very loosccoUars ,and no hlktfen atULHe said thatoften singers "would come to him with throat disease, and loss of yoiceV'and he would tear open their era-- 1 vats and cure thejnjwith noother treatment whatever. "The pressureof Hheneollar oiTT the arteries of the neck' is very bad for the neaItn said Ac., lie also added:--l- f you &ave a disease of the throat, let nature do tt hexurin& and the physician-Jus- t as little"-- 1 ) in a word, wherever they may congregate, and in a few days all the rdts w& be simple and easily tried, and has proved' completely Th8 gun with bli glowing beams hid pa3scl -Tbebound'rj of earth and sky; 77The tranquil season of lore and'ret tf r Tinlq in tha corn enh under all tha hmldmfrs. Kemedy. It Is renom. mended to paint the feet a few nights with tincture of iodine. Another- remedy, said to be sure, is: Take mutton suet and resin; equal part?; stew together arid "anoint the feet before going to bed; Where Flora's rich the inland breeze ' Came waftingrom o'er vhe lea; , 2 Wbrero.the streamlet its sparkling waters gare, As a gift to the ocean there .. . Ilurable the homea, but precious' tbo hearts, ' :v;-2at evening prayer. lyieli They prayed for tho Iored ones so far away, Where miny had found a grave, Who oft had dared by night and by day, -"iThe foamUigttreacherous wave; The mall for her lover so brave, so true," V The mother for all in her care Humble the homes, but precious tho hearts, ; ? , That knelt at evening prayer; , Homeward bound a frail, rude graft, off-Tin- gs - hal Tueatalent op CiiiiJJLAiNs.The -- ? - hints. i I , safest,-ahmbst-assibl- o, Health, is to double a piece;of thick,5 ;soft 7 ouckskin, cut a hole in it large enough to receive trm corn, and bind it around the toe; ; W irt addition to 'thisjhe foot is soaked in ' warm water for five or more minutes every nightand morning, and a.few drops of sweet v.v.. uugwuw, " u ancijujf ruu on in the end after soaking, the corn will al most infallibly become loose enough in a 1 the-irritati- -; r8.- ng, .1 rate ofiu UibACU VUl'WUII'U I1U. iu uu saves ;: ger nail. This u.-- the necessity of par- which f "C" . constantly up to. highest we are capable, tho engmeeron; the railroad were to keep the speed train rate to could the . attain he up with highest his engine, it would soon be used up. .. If a horse is driven at tho top of his speed for any length of time, he is ruined. It is w;ell enough to try tHeJ; ppwer ::ocjoafly of a u uu uiinie Ktjf Vv motion thov will bear: bu uiuug riot ZmilJttihit All machinists construct their machines so that there shall be a reserve force, r If the then they required is a make power. Manufacturers of experience, when they have, toprovide steam for a take a boiler rated at eight or so as' to flro up slowly, work the boiler easily; and Have plenty of steam. All agree as totheecoho. i my of keepingplenty of reserve steam. times been foWed byvlnful and danger- ous symptoms. If the corn becomes incon venient again, repeat tho process at once. - ; six-hors- : J - six-hbrse.eng- ihe, ten-'hor- k, Stains on ths Hands. If you have been pickling or handling acid fruit and have stained your hands wash them in clear water, wipa tnem lightly, and wliile they aro yet moist strike a match and 'shut your hands around it so as to catch the smoke and r . . i.rii law uiuw wiu uisappear. a, , 1 i ; - FUling'CracHrMing cracks in Hrcden , ; - P10 -- ? ; v llKeJyi 10 n w r tr ..gooa:. : :f jj-j ., Wise who can bear ;i ;j: re-pow- er ,. Kindioss is tho noblest ' to -weapon con- -' .ri -- I qiierwith. man who gives t'vv:;,:-his children habits of . A dustry, provides for theni better than --by, onun J - thenia . It is much better ( v c f; ; r " Yinar -- : to work in earnest and to 'mix work- nnr) orHeaith app lyinir th is to olaynaraesOhan a man who has strength to f carelessly toetherw "A says: do twelve honest hours of labor In twenty I3i2 deaf to tho auarrel3ome. hlfnr! tn rhn four and no more; should do but nine or ten hours work. :Tho reserve power keeps the scorner and dumb to those wht aro mis- ... chie vously inquisitive. .. i y body in good repair. It..' rounds out th he-nnerald . ? tlE:ls o, 3 FLOWEitS. , -T- - man,- - ? , : t ; frame to full proportions.; It keeps .the mind I "Non need tve.'power or splendor wido cheerful, hopeful, happy. The person with hall or lordly dome; the good, tho true, the n cement: Moisten a piece uu xuaurvu lurco js aiwaysincapaDie or ta- - ien.uer-mes- o lorm of home." : ; . for-nitur- following, roRlCtNSjhe and .the;in()sten ds' four-hors- e, Lemon and Orange Pee!.-Dr- y tlioronghly, pound or grind in a handmill; sift, botde, and cork. Ex- ceiient-io- r ' -- i flavoring. "Wine Whey. Boil a pint of milk; and pat to it , uiwu fewiw v iuuj ami ji uver ins urc mi me card has settled, when strain it and sweeten to your try the Cube 1 ? ada Medical Jourha 1 recommends- sulphur ous acid in this affection. It should r beap-brush, or by means plied with a camel-hai- r of a spray producer. One'; application of this usually effects a cura The acid should bo used pure.: A good wash or feet affected with; chilblains, is sulphurous acid, three part one puru xn huiu win ue Jounu pariicu-iarly useful in tormenting 'for-han- Manu'd by sturdy hearts, who fond wishes waft, To their hmes beneath the beacon light; ' "And there on the lonely murmuring deep, With hope and faith so rare, "With clasped hands, and low bowed heads , : They breathed their evening prayer. v So 'tis sad in anetcat times, , i'l By Israel's Galilee y. The SSavior walked, the fishers "cast - Their nets Into the sea. "Come follow me, ye faithful hearts." - ne cried," and straightway, then, : This humble life knew they no more, " . '. . . They fishers were of men. n 187.-A.B- - C BXAVS, Oct 23rd, HOUSEHOLD Can-- i . s ; - - 77 Afar in the gathering nljht, Feet FnosTEn - v , . e, , ine-weau- of recently burnt lime with enough water to make it fall into powder, mix one part of the; slaked lime with two parts of rye flour, and la sufficient ?lnl out of breath. He cannot increase r V v " u - v y u usyy u u i ng en ar his acter of your conduct uauui ui uuiiuvi iiasecu oh toiorm a thick plas Work for an hour wHfinnf. ritxnir'ar nf or JJ r . tie mass. plosion. Such are generally pale, dyspeptic, Never get another to do. for you iwhat : " '";-L- ii-l-- ' . Baked, Indian uiuK, jjgor - d one quart of wo air pity them. on uve urge spoontuls oi meal add gloomyj w ?h?ZeJLa th ,?d1!rduaJ1 iAur it xuio yourpuaaing in whiclryou have melted a piece of butter uuypzow n egg. 'luis mates a nice pudding; free from whey.- - If the whey is o cvu u WSui3 w Tho great source thus paid out is tliron-' 13 bl00d- - 11 preferred, add. can bo worked but a portion' a oaxe, cuptul of cold milk- ou wnn a ntuo gooa - in-thl- . con-EtaatT- admirer of that tho best time to ' our Hti a quart of uuii muo tvurK. xae res , bo 6tored up fluid. Doiungmilk the yolks of two . 4 Inn. f j amnnn Fpoonfuls of meal and half, a cup of .l sugar' well r7?.:Trrr.., C)k five minute "stirring . remove from the fire, and add the whites, p0QriQ pudding disf M. M nodente of en. Serve becomes low if h nth cream and -l ..f0 ,V. . Pudding.-Scal- oov dish -J: 1 . of 'tho4 time blood ;ri-- ' do " i n away.- - . . , ! rcd'ThoSlS. vl'TPH? JP?P?n'?.es bofiuch'asio leavo ft' " Tour jwkcj, :itcaay money is fi s ien3'H; iso .eunny fiido? r Nonsense!, Evervhndv y, jtt-ajStiirf- S. S Uke o)th' inJT! - ::.: JTUar.---fV-r--v- -J-l.- of KatsIf you wast a ra6 remeoV wpiras-h- e quantity- to depend upoiithe' number x)f balding, iDfspulverizo ! ,f . 4L"U rwsqioo mucn or gCt Uc r-p- H very to, and .bo euro aid sprinkle ddmoTmiSl y "T" "ursB: person from physical hkruptcy! Vv :4. fcithcr Mi hedllhy and happ worbil-I- n 100 lmie; either 