WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 144 Oijiiaud c.it a tit.HTTP! FIGURES. FACTS JVND the first no vas i table woman printer! She wasn' business for sixty years Jn Paris from 1 506 to 1 56 7, Ilia estimated that 0,000 of the v8. jweIers and was celebrated for the correctness of in jNcwart, u., are nowjnHv her books. Women were employed and dollars thousand is worth of seventy A bar gold commended as compositors in Italy as early a curiosity of the day in San Francisco as 1481. There is a erreat revival -- among- the Shakanese A "LADY Indians, 1G4 of whom have been baptized. : f Miss Mary Callister, : J Mrs. Fiftr dollars .A - Conn., to feed thTIJani buud them houses. Mrs. Ellen Luut, Cedar Ciiy. Mary Ann Luut, Cedar City. Kane County; Mrs: Soiiliia Parker, Kanarra, r "Washington County. n Caroline Jackson, St. Qeorgel Elizabeth Canfield, Washing! on. Mrs. Mary. Con field, Hamlin's Fort. .. sometimes seem as if mother hood were a lovely artifice of the great M - Couut Von Moltke, the leader of the German ar . , ELECTRIC. rilYSICIAX. to wean the heart from; selfishness Father, birth bv a wies rcceUly celebrated his seventy-fourt- h Electrieilyadministred whea cases rcqure. crradual process, lhe peaceful and . : Office, East side of Second East Street, one and nbal day. He is well, strong and active. babe is self in another form. It is so inter blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake City. According to Hudson's "Journalism in America" woven and identified with the mother's life, the United States has 5871jiwspapersand period that she passes by. almost insensible : : resVot theorldhasl)ut-t(H2- . tioiisJroirjjierseif to it; and day by day the nfARY H. BARKER M. D., lcalswhUelhe ' t ,; instinctive love of self wanes .as"the child The total attendance at the Vienna Exposition Office opposite 013 Congtilutif a thou with waxes. love heart the " 'filling-Streets-Offic- e foots up, according to official count, 5 340,073, of hours 10 a. m. to 3 p. m, Harriet of new sand tenderness. springs which 1,603,573 belonged to the noble army of lieecner towe. v.... It would ... , m J 1 ' Iron County. ,i Mary Weimer, Parowan, Mi.ss fosophine Smith, haveA voted in Waterbury. liave been - . Ruth Tyler, Beaver, . ": ,, Beaver-Count- y. V reporter on a news journal, asked her husband, who had just come iii from the , There has recently been an increase in the de street, to give her an item of "local interposits of the Boston batiks of over $1,000,000. est." He laconically complied with the re- Averv larce number of American sewing ma quest, replying that he had torn his panta chines have been sold ia TuHffi which were never loons. byThat's all the feeling some men made here. ... ' . Delilah Oleson,- - Fillmore, ; - Millard ' County, - . dead-head- - - ; s. - The Union Pacific Railroad Company sold during AGENTS. the month of October, 1873; 19,351.82 acres of land, at an average price of $5.08 per acre, amount Salt Lake City. ing to $109,040.86. Sales averaged 134.39 acres to each purchaser. Total sales to Nov. 1st, 1873; 819 Mrs. Zina D. Mrs. Elvira Barney, , Young, 100.55 acres, at an average price of $4,52 per acre, P. AmandaKimball Margt. Young, to Elizabeth Davis, amounting y $3,703,201.49. Lily Staines, Sarah Smith, Hampton, lGth The Southern Cultivator tells of a great grape Ward, Mary J.Thomson, vine as follows: "The Lord Raleigh vine, on RoanSarah E. Smith, Margaret Steel, Miss Sarah E. Russell. oke Island, N.C., was 3 inches in diameter in .1610, when its colony landed therethe first in North Mrs. Laura Miner, Mrs. E. B. Wells, America. It now covers 1 J acres, and last year Miss. Mary E. Cook. it A. R. Smith, yielded 46 barrels of wine, 1,840 gallons, at $2 per gallon, $3,680. To European or Northern visitors A. M. Frodsham, Ogden, this statement would be fabulous, but it can be ir Oneida County, Idaho. seen any year, and in Terrell Co., N. C., there is Mrs. Orissa AUred, St. Charles, one which is a great deal more productive this Mary Rich, Paris. one last year produced 63 barrels, 2,520, gallons, at . Rich. County $2 per gallon $5,040." Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. HJRS. CAR PENTER, Pbjsician and Surgeon, Office at the TowBsend House, lioom -- No. 60. HOMES. jURNISH YOUR advise the Ladies who want to buy fini I would Parlor and Bed-roo- t'ets of furniture to call and m r Emily Woodruff; Randolph. The' women of Ohio have entered a crusade against vhiskeyv May their heroic ef- forts meet with deserved success. A late telegram from Cincinnati anounoes the following: The excitement of the woman's whiskey war is unabated. Throughout the State, In the most prominent of interior towns, prayer meetings are organized In bar room9 or on the side walks, and patrols are kep through all kinds of weather. The ladies of Greenfield, Highland county, have inaugurated evening visits to saloons, at any hour from six to ten o'clock. The result is to empty each saloon by the rear door as the women enter by the front At New Holladies land, Pickaway county, twenty-fiv- e have volunteered for the crusade. They visit every shop daily. At Washington, Fayetto county, where the women initiated the movement, the liquor traffic has been entirely stopped. Charley Heck, whose saloon is outside of the corporate limits, has been visited by ladies every day for nearly two weeks. lie is a jolly German and treats the ladiesrkindly, but refuses to accede to their propositions. The entire country is .being scoured for; signatures to the total abstinence pledge. At Gallipot, Gallia county, the ladies' brigade of active workers numbers nirity-onThey work in three divibut have made little headway, with sions, saloon keepers, some of whom order them off their premises and they enter and put out the lights. In most counties the success Is marked. e. Cache County. ; rM.-A.-Mangliant.:lga- r Elder County. Harriet Snow, Brigham City. Davis County. Mary Clark, Farm ington, r Aurelia Rogers, Margaret RandelljCentreville, Elizabeth Barlow, Bountiful, Susan Grant, Sylvia (Clark, . " ". , Salt Lake County. Higgins, West Jordan, Barbara Moses, Big Cottonwood. ' Tooele County. Mrs. J. Do La Mare, Tooele City Mrs. E. Clegg, Mrs. M. A. House, Grantsville. Brown, Pleasant Grove, Ann Bringhurst, Springville,- Harrison, : Margaret T. Smoot, Provo City, Rebecca Slandering, Lehi. ' ' Juab County. it Amelia Goldsbrongh, Ncihi. ' : 11 Ann Pitchforth, Martha J. Coray, Mona, Amy L. Bigler, Nephi. Sanjxte County. A. P. Hyde, Spring City. it Sarah Peterson, Ephraim, Helena Madison.' Gunnison. Mrs. lioel retersou, Mrs. Mary Thorpe, Kpliraim. .it , East Temple Street, and Ko. ' South Street H, . 75, Pirst ' WALLACK Has the best, largo t and purest gtock of confec- tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladiei ; . . ' Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part of the Publishers, to increase the circulation of the Exponent and aid in promoting the objects con templated in iU publication, by making it truly an exponent of tho views of the women of Utah, sus tained by them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as to prepare for increasing the value and importance of the paper with the beginning of the next volume, which a larger subscription list will enable us to do? 10 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up or the duo ?lg UJ 15 copies, 1 year, Tuth a copy to the getter - . IE W up of the club 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of tbe club and a framed steel engraving, 12x16 inches, of President Brigham - ; 34 00 Young, selling price, $2 60 SO copi 58, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the club, and a superior lirst proof, " steel engraving of President Brigham You ig, handsomely framed, selling . 43 00 prico $4 Clubs can be commenced at any time; and addi-in- s can be made after the first list of names has 1 . M 31, . Utah County. . At No. NEW CLUB RATES. Bojc I n H. DINWOODEY, to purchase.' nr y, Jane S. Coleman, Smithfield. II. A. Shaw, Hyrum. " Maria Parkinson, Wellsville. ; examine the immense stock kept by . -- - been sent. " -- JUney can bo remitted by registered letter at the risk of the publishers. AV"e hope ladies throughout the Territory, especial-l- y the Presidents and Secretaries of Belief Societies' will endeavor to get up clubs, and that. they will con- -; slitute themselves agents for the extension of the . circulation ftfce Exposxht. . .. " 