EXPONE NT W OMAN'S 1G2 The following circular has been handed Every subscription that is gathered will be ' but another stone added tp the building of to us for publication: The following beautiful poem Is Intended for the famthe pedestal on which the American Woma n INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. ily circle. It is founded upon an incident where a rich is destined, through her work, to stand; and. neighbor offered to make a poor family comfortable, and rovide for the ehlld, if oneof seven were given trhiim 9 0 4 WALN UT STR EET. the ome one who has doubtless felt the panzs of poverty, ourselves, -- we shall-he- lp and yet been a parent, with all the accompanying deep women in other lands, where now it is not and holy feelings, has clothed it In .poetical attiret and Committee of the Woman's uncommon to see a woman and a cow harbreathed Into It a spirit of love, devotion and faith that Appeal of the Executive will find a holy.response in the breast of every father Auxiliary Centennial Commission to the Women of nessed together to a plough and a mnn the United States. ana moiner. . 1 873. driving them. Philadelphia Jul y A th1876 "Which shall it be; Which shall it be?" our land, Actuated, is The International Exhibition of looked at me: ', I looked at our and for ambition our sex, we, go forth designed, to commemorate our National In(Dear patient John, who loves me yet, to armed make the exhibition of '76 doubly As well as though my locks were Jet.) dependence. a And when I found that I must speak, While it seems natural that the spot where grand success." Some may say that the My voice seemed strangely low and weak; the nation drew, its first breath, should be exhibition will merely affect the interests of "Tel I me again what Robert said !'1 the point selected by Congress for the proper Philadelphia, but this is not so. Just as the r. And iherMkteaiasJ WHICH? , in-help- ing , efor then,-by;T)ulov- John-i-Joh- n " " ' .. -- -- , " "I will give rJ?.LIIlJl.sfe15cej that Phil A house and land while you shall live. If, In return, from out your seven, One child to me for aye Is given." I looked at John's old garments worn, : I thought of all that John had borne; Of poverty, and work, and care, Which I, though willing, could not share; I thought of seven mouths to feed, Of seven little children's need, , . And then of this.. - seems also fitting dom to all the States, so will this Exhibition bring high consideration for each State in in organizing a systematic plan of work zing this plan in view, the Citizens ! theIInmnEadosto not precious document did insist upoi returnine: to Centennial Finance Committee appointed in his own State, there to affix his signature. Febuary last, an Executive Committee of It was given here for the welfare of all; and thirteen women with power to add to their here shall the products of each State be number if necessary. Their; appointment brought giadly by her children; while here was confirmed bv the Executive Committee Ior tIie nonourof alLshall these conimein- of the Centennial Commission, and their orau ve ceremonies De neld. It is true we all have a certain sort of State work approved by the Commission itself. durintr its session in this city in Mav last, pride, wnicJi is natural aud commendable. when the formation of similar organizations Massachusetts is deaf to the noise of her snutues and looms, or finds sweet music in throughout the Union was recommended. The Woman's Executive Committee them. Pennsylvania thinks the soot of her selected a woman in each ward in Philadel mines becoming to the complexion of her phia, to act as Chairman of a Committee of people. South Carolina is proud of her not more than thirty-si- x "women, whose many cotton fields, and Louisiana finds noth The West duty it is to arouse the interest of all in the ing so sweet as her sugar-cansuccess of the Exhibition. The shares are rejoices, first, in her prairies, and then in the Ten Dollars each, payable in easy instal iron belts which girdle them. But what citizen from any State is insensible to a feelments. We members of the Woman's ErficntivA ing of pride on beholding the Capitol at Committee whose names are hereto append- - Washington? And yet the immediate ad of the Women vantages derived from that Capitol, belong ed, now seek the of America, that similar organizations mav only t0 those, who live in the District of Col- nnn r and., f)A hprnin.I imnrnved narriprl ww.wm invr umDia. tT" " T Which of us can seethe harbor of New perfection in every Village, Township, Ci ty and County.in all the States and Territories York and not feel glad that it is ours, while or tne union. And in asking this aid and the proud pleasure of aetuallv nnsspssino-- ft his interest, we appeal to our sisters belongs only to the citizens of New .York. Whatever motives actuate us, let us work throughout the United States, first on the of ground patriotism. together . with a will. To you, Chairmen of woman Coundesires her that State Committees, who will fan oiir sDark Every good a hold should in a the into ry prominent place flame, we look for help. To you and it may amily of Nations. toypur aids ifvlli belong the honour of what mat in many respects we are iauity as a ever is done. We are ready to aid you. in Nation, it is only by contact with others this,; our National Work. When, you are that we can hope to have our faults correct- - organizing your Committees, if any word of ea. xnis iixniDiuon wrm onng to our purs will help or cheer, ve stand ready to shores, men and women, from all countries, go to you at your call. We are one with who, while they may point to our defects, you.,, it may not fall, to the lot of all of us will carry away with them a proper regard to see that one hundredth anniversary of our for what is great and good among us, and National Independence, but let us pray God thus promote a feeling of respect for us in not only for a blessing on our work, but that lands where Americans are now. too often those of us who remain on that day, may have the joy of feeling that throughout these regarded as Conscious as we may be, that American years all has gone pleasantly in our inter women enjoy greater privileges than are ac- course with each other, and that in '76 we corded to women in any other land, let us shall have earned the reward which comes . enter on our work, carrying with us the from the faithful performance of any duty, thought of our blessings. -- ;Eet "us ieelas Awhile aTlbe it is the birthday of our mother that. we are ourselves able coadjutors in this great and about to celebratea mother with whom important mission. some of us cannot hope to live long. Or, jMrs. JS.D. Gillespie, President; 25 Q S. our land is yet so young, wTe may almost" 21st Street; Mrs. John Sanders,. imagine that our son will reach his. majority 410 South I5th St: Mrs. J. Edirar Thompsoii . Treasurer, 18 th & Spiuce Sfe : . i . 3eirjiliQii elbTIlibTiFOT "This is his letter; "Come, John," said I, "We'll choose among them as they lie Asleep;" so walking hand in hand, : Dear John and I surveyed our band. First to the cradle lightly stepped, Wher Lillian the baby slept; Her bright locks lay In pallid light, A glory 'gainst the pillow white; Softly the father stooped to lay , Ills rough hand down in loving way, i When dream or whisper made her stir And huskily he said, "Not her!" "'' "'. We stooped beside the trundle-beAnd one long ray of lamplight shed Athwart the boyish faces there, In sleep sofpltiful and fair; I saw on Jamie's rough, red cheek, A tear undried. Ere John could speak, -"He's but a baby too," said I, 'll.. And kissed him as we hurried by. Robbie's Pale, patient angel face, Still In his sleep bore suffering's trace, "Not for a thousand crowns, not him," He whispered, while our eyes were dim. Poor Dick! bad Dick! our wayward son, uld Turbulent, restless, idle he be spared?- - "Nay, he who gave. Bade us befriend hlha to the grave; Only a mother's heart could be Patient enough for such as he, AnTso," said JohnT-'To send him from her prayer." Then stole we softly up above, And knelt by Mary, child of love. . "Perhaps for her 'twould better be," I said to John. Quite silently . He lifted up a curl that lay Across her cheek in willful way, And shook his head. "Nay love, not thee." The while my heart beat audibly. Then Bess, our second daughter bright, Whose dimpled fingers, small and white, Whose sylph like form and seraph grace, But matched the beauty of her face; ..... And these, th' external counter-par-t " Of her gay, gullelessj generous heart; Coquettish, even In her plays So born, with winsome, coaxing ways: It would not do for her," John said, -Temptations wilyptttbrto tread.4 Only one more, our eldest lad, . Truity, and truthful, good and glad-- So like his father. "No, John, no I cannot, will not let him go!" And so we wrote in courteous way, We could not drive one child away. And afterward toll lighter seemed, Thinking of that of which we dreamed; -Happy In truth that not one face ; We missed from Us accustomed place; Thankful to work for all the seven, " Trusting the rest to One in Heaven!. " -- . 1 d, -- " -- one-Co- , bed-sid- e . : - 4 e. co-operat- ion , i : semi-barbaria- ns. Vice-Preside- ilmV ixmbition. The sufferings from the famine in India continue to increase. - The Government will bo obllgod to maintain 3,000,000 for three months- .- The expenditure persons for the : sufferers amount, so far, to $7,500,000. - X -- r'u n! Through it, women will be Mr. i i. rnm; John w ' found to possess business qualifications which may be usefully called forth; ; the 7 T o TZf . value of thnfr win k .nicnA rMni " many who are now struggling for their daily fill bread , may bo enabled to obtain for them- , on r selves remunerative positions, by which they may earn a comfortable livelihood. infr nt, ; I r-- i m7 Richard tt nr it i t i 'Zl!? -- ia a i ' wt., P. Whiter'2ll3 a j kt ,t L"' . iuu w . X Ai -- . J 