WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 32 PEN AND SCISSORS. s ing-tab- le , -- Af ter A years experience, Dr. -- lately, demor-Wopiece alized his mother by asking "Mamma, worth writes: - " 1. Tlie of the sexes has where did : God find alii the bones to make oeen lavoraDie to good order and discipline, tne nrst snad oir A mutual stimulating innuence nas -been exerted on scholarship. . -r said a the " 3. There have been no scandals at colli in fha nraef of ntrrhf anrl ricaa in ilia V members of a school limited to one sex, and east in the morning?" i the OUtside World. Phaw Maid TTnolA llharlpa fho first Principal Armstronr, 'of the Normal fnnl vnii tnppf nin foil vnn fhdf' School at Fredonia, N. Y., says: ' "Yes, uncle." replied the sweet boy, showrs observation that the morals of nofa wh uMy siuuuuis 01 ciiner sex ueierioraie, appar ently, irt proportion to the rigor of the sepa -- thAn EvciiljfTED "Table. A novel ''din is now jh use in one of the palaces oi.tne emperor pi xtussia. xne xawe is circular, and placed on a weighted platform. At the touch of a signal, down goes the ta ble through the floor, and a new table, load ed with fresh dishes and supplies, rises in its place. J5ut this, is not all; each plate stands on a weighted disk, the table-clot- h beiner cut with circular openings, one for each plate. If a guest desires a change of piate, ne toucnes a signal at nis side, wnen, presto, his plato disappears, and another xisesJn this country, nt the Oneida Com Troy boy. who . was worrying little over a of shad at dinner Educating Boys and Gibls together. thirty-tw- o ol ; co-educat- ion 1 . six-year-o- ld, -- . ration munity, thetmiploydinirig tno centre part made to revolve riicro the their, deiieacy of feeling, their sense of IXDlOmOCKWELL oblets. SDOOllS. tea ftnd COfTee. castors. T)itcrh liiUinr. nnrl fhpfr Imrn nf truth er, and other necessary articles of table fur- "In all mixed seminaries and academies Has had nearly 40 rears experience la theTtreaimeht of ecu- - wxiere social intercourse oi tne sexes was female diseases, making their complalntsa Ppecialitf. He Huiw uid icpwcu, iumviug.uio ruarantea safe, easj and ipeedj relief In perilous casee, ter piece, the sitter brings before hinx what- - either forbidden or largely restrained, the without the unpleasant and dangerous use of instruments; ever article may be desired without the in- - ladies lost in prudence, delicacy, and truth- - but with staple vention of a special waiter. 7 fulness, even faster than the gentleman, i i Bis remedies fill tne nuDtlal couch with hlisa surrounda "For many years my views of school gov- - the heart with Joyous one and prevents their unUmeiy ad Women in SwirMRLANkedrS vent. women climb each day to the splendid fraenfc have been much more liberal than He refers to hli numerous patrons for the last 10 years the common practice would justify. In this inUtah. . I;.;..:,-- , buildings which overlook the city of Zurich rsormal School even and i allow, I Arof Residence encourage: near the streetcar track, 9th Ward, Fourth fnnnfoin tht iMnfnn tuA lie: a thousand women toil from sunrise f ill I a" , the freedom of intercourse between the East St., Salt Lake City. late evening in tho narrow tones tow. sexes which , would be allowed in a well- dragging heavy hand-carlstaggering under reuIated family. Am. Ed. Monthly, II . DINWOODEY ;m large burdens balanced, upon their heads,! sawing wood, or gathering the refuse from lias removed his Furniture from Main St. to his three LUCY DOWNING. the streets with basket and shovel-ishort, i Lli storey Brick Store on V', j.; most the menial service that the performing Lucy Downing, sister of John Winthrop, FIRST SOUTH ST., BLOCK WEST OF lrtWnef r1fiea nf mil ct la Kn-nm Annflnmnnrl COBXEB, was one of the chief movers for a. higher to do in America. I have often, seen two i Where he is prepared to do a slender women sawiner oak and ash wood in education here in America, and her solicit WHOLESALE AS WELL AS A RETAIL BUSINESS. the streets,' while a stout fellow stood i by, tions led to the founding of Harvard College. n Her brother f'"1!,8"01 urged her to settle here, but she : rrrrn hofdirig her saw reversed be-- de?Iined doing so unless some provision was JJ Wallace tween her knees, and in utter weakness was made for the eduction of her son Geprge; Has ttt best, largest and purest stock of confecthe stick of wood She to Saw it rubbing says; "It would; make me go for nim-i- n upon it in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies two. Bosthn Advertiser. " mpp n xrow a tionary pwiri ir Curious Clock; Among the curiosities to it, than otherwise I should; and I believe torurcnase. loa by the , to mner vas an bid a college woidd'put no small life German clock which stood in the Xta ; ifiSrt. v nnri lul"ine ""f1. tv This waain in imW plantation." . am CLUB KATES. case is much like the old pier or hall clocks Ii ' thft o4 berof fho samfl VMr. (ronoral ntif mat are occasionally seen in old families, Boston 400 to voted a of Which Determined that nothing shall be iranihig on the part college but.it has great yale.,, Besides marking 200 n was the .Pabiishcrsf :ta increasei the drcnlation .ofthe to be paid-i1637,-anthe other ; the, seconds, minutes hoursVdayrrioriths 'Yw EzPOVZXTand aid ln.timmntlri 1h Tivf nnnbm. and years, H shows the phases of the moon, half whpn TfKo KniTrlii "xwtaGnie-ltns publication, bj inaldng It trnlj an expo-a- t November, 1637, the building was located P11 and indicates other matters of a IHta women of Utah, sustained by T18 about a year afterward n??f It contains' a chime of bells of .'rarb'sweet-nes- s J v Cambridge, and : .n them, read bv them, and Itn rolnmni ".nrliWli itL i wnni rr?: circulated7 expression of their iuuu xiarvara , of ; (one, and marks the hours, the one-ha-naa cuuuweu uy xvov. ti1 widely we offer thoughts, his estate. The President took his the the liberal terms to clubs for the'presentToI chime, following seat in 1G40, and second on the list of his .sometimes beating-a.- , tune.; Various bids first graduatinsr class of nine vouncr men. 10 the highest reaching $3,000, lve been ofcopies; 1 year with a copy to the getter np of six of whom becamo ministers, stands the fered for this .clock, , but declined. Mrs. me club. 813 00 r name of . Georee. the Lucy Downinjr's of San Francisco. Mr. Hastings S 4T "V k'J vfcvw.t uyw . . ii Gov. rin of ins The 2fl 00 "solicitous nephew , has Winthrop. a to desire sister, expressed have the suit'7 of a copies, l year, with copy .to the getter up of good f dame had pn availed, and clock, and It will lie sent to her. . , f Harvard the erTtag I3x ia JJ?? has since had a name in 5l wvuw, ui i icbiucuv inzQAia i ounr, BeiiiD? :.Tiie following was written for, boys but the worldCollege for more than two centuries and a . -. 34 00 price, we think it is . equally as well. to who quarter; while Lucy Downincr has been SO copies; 1 Tear. Iwith aeon ViAtfc a f-r girls are tr'ing. to " work their way in life1 A well-nig- h t proof steel ,lab V f?pcrfor forgotten and as much neglected I great many: boya complain that there are no 43 00 places. Perhaps it: is: hard to get just such a placo asyojlike.v But when. a tence. The Springfield Republican well .Rnba caa .commenced at .'any timeand addlUons. you get .the first list of names has en scot, placeand ; there are places, for : this big says that Lucy Downing, the young mother f we are sure, has .need: of every vexing her soul and Up country, .noUfy us ot their IntenUohs her purse, and pinching n lhem wllh and! man and woman in it j boy:and girl cwJredjvl out or-putting.her service daughters, in 111 name and Tcsldence'pf eschsub- when you get a place, make yourself necesher son n. oivJ to writtenv with the time "d sary your employers; "make yourself so WbOT nb8criPu I to commenceand whether for necessary by your fidelity and good behavior. a boys-r-hfor a whole college or - j v. i -,- ui half year- .mat tney cannot do without you. Be will- Money can be rcmltUd br lered lateral the risk Knt6eXifro,m thatday tot Thamonf are of tbe pubSihers. moreindebtr ' xne wort is, If it be honest work. Do it as ed to U the wpmfin; of ew.England-th'ftntiS?bscrtbe; desiring tha . well as you can. Begin, at the ,very lowest to. another. ahonld lend.ustiielr PIPfflce yet former, is nosooner do.theyask for the likQ.pjiviieges new addW ; ; "their 7 :,Vt... up. The great want everywhere is faithful, for their own sea; than j We idle ..the" ope the Terrt men throughout ."d ungrateful capablo workers. They are never a drug in and the. ungracious boyp who have; thriven W. wp rretldenta, aud OfScers of Belief Socle-b- y the market. Make yourself one of these dd their sacrifices and sagacity, call hem bj stlUaS p 'elabs, by bringing the uuv iwiu..wui- mwiyg do a for you to the notice of nonsuribers and place and fTorablj covetous, and refuse to admit thpm ' to and a good one. . owerwise the colleges they founded. tiamg thdr .lnflttenc "to; increase 'ludrcula- of"tiiij-sexes.--he-same-is-tr- ue-of -- , ; -- "- herbB-rn-- : . ak : ; ; , 1 s, - ; - n ' ' n CO-O- P, 1 r!Sf ,S!l!the curb-ston- e, i r-- i ni omti -- rlor " X--' ' . , I lf Jyes.hdirtewl.ith: , - . i . - . - - ! 1 t -- , . - ; . . -f- ; . tnilTu . a.t-B?i4- ; r LucySn ESndrlXr : as - " -- . tarchaIftSW O ineirownsex-fortheirgexlucation- ?; s -- Ex-b- old , . ; ' Uou and uscfalness. 