f f WOM A N'S E XPONEN T. 76 ; SEASONAB LE HINTS. A GOOD WORD FOR WOMEN. - SPLINTERS. Let those 'whef fear that the ladies of tho land will be dragged down from their high of the The retail rroduce Department womanly position by a contact with politics, b Mr, ; Z. (J. M. I. has been purchased by that woman will not exercise, the privilege, have v SearsTfiBalZMsiriQnette3 Lord wisely,That she wHl not be true to hercoun-try- , been performing at the Theatre and her friends,' come and wit-herself M. and P. present ness an election CI md John Hamilton, Let them: l in .Utah: day our visited city compare it with the election days in other, viceroy of Ireland, lately David Day, little daughter.of jUr. places, and I will venture tho assertion tnat her horse a 'right in this respect, at least, although living was kicked by recently, frontal oL.thei a and portion eye destroyed among' the 'mountains, they will admit we the head; are ahead of the age. The, presence, and bone broken off and driven into recover. will but the doctors say she and cheer; before voice of woman . ..A ? PERSONAL. I will soonvisH The Empress her daughter tha Duchess of Edinburgh, in ;EngIand;.v.iMis3 Kelloggrefuses , to gi,ve ten anights of English opera in California of-Rus- sia ather-apprc4cJilih- Sarior stung--, 'Not she betrayed him Wl th u nhappy tongue. n Tjv .. . -- ; v 'She, wbeo Apostles Shnuxk. did " s ; tt ' - " Last at the cross AaA earliest at the grave.'! ; : H.vi' vebnor Ex-G- o THE- - W031AN S -- - - tt-t- - : r clothingfincluding-over-shoesor-shoe- :; danger brave; - 1 h Asizls Manx. S. A. EXPONENT 1 1i GUEEXE KICIIAItDS. Editor. iiiOI ' COB!f ELI A II . II OaXE, Business 3Iunfft;r. Pab.ished eeml-monthl- y, S3-00- ;- n - - advance its rate of interest..;.Ten thousand Spanish soldiers whosq aternv of r$ser-vic- o has .expired have been disbanded The shipment of contraband goods , across the Spanish frontier.will be stopped by the French Government... ...Mon. Testiole, captured by brigands, ransomed, for ten thousand dollars. i....The Midland Railway company of England is to dispense with second class coaches...;:.Tiie river Nile which has been overflowing its banks at CairdEgypt,-i- s tailing... .One 'of the most severe typhoons, ever witnessed by foreigners, visited the4 southern part of Japan, last Au'U.'L '; ;l:y'gust. a. i ; Ill 9 A Publishers Woman's Expoxkxt,' 2U. :. :.railt.LakeCity.:Utah,;ij ''"-- 4T 1 CONFERENCE ITE3IIS. ; ; ; : - ; : i j-j- l ; : ht . self-sustaini-ng .- -i or s happylchildhood;- - and whenf heated with playing; are liable to 'expose themselves' so as to take cold, unless watched oyer. 'A lady friend, whose motherly instincts,1 experience ind intelligence we regiard highly has, In con versation) called our attention te the danger in which infants are often placed, at this time o f the year,; when the, warm mjld summer wea ther is giving way to the damp,cld and drafty atmosphere of winter; Those who have become inured to this change in the seasons, and even mothers, pften do nut realize how sensitive are these tender infant, who, t in. their little . lives have, probably, never felt other than the warm temperature oi tue Bunqy, seasons oi lue year-An- d In many' casie'sjf. their .ealth is. endangered nets f; f . t ClioijgjpjLl'' them fionl too sudden or too great changes of temperature while Indoors a.s ;weli as out. Es-- l pecial care should bo taken, when a babe is tak have en from the cradle, or bed where-it-ma- y lain until quite warm, perhaps .covered .with perspiration and thus rendered, particularly susceptible- to even a slight degree .nf cokL Sufficient care in these matters is not always exercised, not from lack of feeling but for; lack of knowledge or thoughtful ness; and these lit tle ones suffer through being unable to bear the ' ; extremes to which they are exposed. As the season changes care should ako be taken in the diet of both old and youn&, especi-- : ally, we think,with regard to those. fruits which; though out of,, season, cn still be. obtained fresh. However, agreeable they were in the summer time it will be best for health's sakej !r to partake of such only when c6oked. n ; 1 " r -- byufilciehtLcare BALT LAKE CITY, OCT. 15,' 1874. Never was a more glorious Indian Summer known than the Saints were favored with during tho time of their late fall Conterence.l Not even a gust of wind or a shower of rain occured on either of; the five days appointed for !the gathering together of the people,. to prevent even Invalids f. om venturing forth. And those GENERAL. who took advantage of the opportunities grant-e- d for gaining iustruction in the ways of li e Publiq works in New York reported at a stand still ... . . .ind ians of Nebraska prophesy and salvation, were uniformly blest inasmuch n6 grasshoppers for six snows.. ....State fairs as they treasure the good things offered from in the West have mostly been failures this the elders on the stand, and seek to: live acyear..'...Great improvements have been cording to the directions given. made the past year on public buildings and The health of President Young rendered it In grounds at Washington....,.Thirteen horses, consistent for him to speak to the congregation, were killed by one stroke of lightning dur-- ; but he Showed by his example, being at meet ing a recent thunder stona at .UpperyillQi ing ach day, that he still holds to the doctrine Va, ..... Northern woolen mills are stopped, ie has .often preached in public, that it is good but Georgia is increasing .her number of or tne tsatnts to congregate, and mingle in looms...... A beautiful and : accomplished and and tho of knowl- prayer praise, diffusing Pennsylvania heircsss, lately'immortalized'' vdiie concerning heavenly things.',, her name among her friends by eloping with During thttConferencejdiscourss wero.delivr a negro. .....Mrs. Julia Perkins of Cincinati, President Gfo. A. Smith and Elders C. eted recently, murdered her child and attempted C. by B. Young Jr., J. Tavlor. V. Wood Rich, suicide but was prevented. .....The estate of Charles Sumner has been appraised and ruff, A. Carriugton, F, I). Richards, O. Pratt, G. Qoddard, C. W. Penrose, G. Q. Cannon and is valued at one hundred and thirty-fou- r J..Van Cott. - ): u,,:-thousand, seven nunarea ana flrty-elgThe instructions and exhortations given dollars... ...Telegrams of recent date from the. east; tell of a $150,000 fire, one of $30. were,as they have been In times past, calculated 000 and another of $20,0o0, taking' place to encourage oneness among the Saints; In or about the same time and in totvn3 but little der that they may the more readily become an distance from each other. people,1 hasten the Independent, work of rearing temples to the most high God, and in every ppeed the progress of His Of what trade are bees?. Comb makers. I Kingdom uponway earth. the . v : . boots thick enougn to keep tne feet warm and - 'dry; also suitable bed clothing should be ready t for use. Mothers should , remember that their little ones are not only ignorant of what is necessary for. their good j bu t ' also have the thoughtless In Salt Lake City, Utah. one copy six month?, Terms; One copy one year, $1.00. , Ten copies for. the price of nloe. rates Each square, tt-- lines of noniarcii ppace. onf 12.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to 1 ; old Catholic congre- time, There are thirty-fiv- e m : :: regular aJTertipers. on West South First Office, TenfpJe St.,near Exponent the in Jura,; Switzerland., ...The St.. opposite City Market place. Business hours fiom 9 gations Bank of England is- reported to be about to a.m. : ; .: to 4 p.m. on ? Mondays and Fridajs. . ;? tures, numbering over two thousand; t Of clQudless skle8 and sunny climes." . v - : -- at - tant of the great naturalist v.ohri B. Gough has a collection of Cruikslank's pic? The feather here : so continuously siill retain seasbni that Irees the beautiful this their thick toUage; and "were it n7)thajtrthej brown, orange and golden tints of autumn are , becoming mi ngledyWUh the ereeh liues of liaT ture'sVsummer dress, we ;might imagine our 71, selves in a land, , . 'ii'x'y 'uKSty Yet we all are certain that the storms of win ter will soon come with the discomforts of wet, cloudyweather, mud and, slush on the roads, j cold Winds and biting frosts, and hat, too, bfe fore mauy aro prepared to meet themy .If not purity are votaries and its her. vice shrinks away, already attended to, now is the time to be mind-- , sometimes so ashaniea fuiofandprepare they resotve en maso not to.visitae pons. iher, that will -- probably be all the more sud-- i Whatever else, is false, woman is always den because of the lateness of the season. ;:ii:--:AjalaTaa poaibIe, supplyf j good, warm !"fo72O,O0$ Doggett, who visited this city somo three years since, is now editor of the " Hospital DazarloChlcago..;iAhna Dickinson will go abroad when sho h as finiihed a book she is now writing... ...Helen Marble wha lately gave a musical, entertainment in California is spoken of as "the impersonation of grace,-wita most powerful yet sweet and flexible voice...... Mrs. Walter Lacy who recently died iu London, was the original Julia: In "The Hunchback?? . . .. , .Knappelef s medallthe best likeness exion bust of. has : been , - ? ; UOW TQ BECOME i; ACCOMPXiisiIED: Many people,especialIy among the apt to spend more time and thought in seeking to acquire pleasing habits attractive manners and graceful engaging ways, than would be in anywise necessary if they but undcKtood the' proper method for obtaining these accom'plUh ments.-- ' - - I t- -' v.. . As It Is so delightful to be beloved and res pected by friends and acquaintances and as fine accomplishments add so much1 to native lovllness, as "Love is the fulfill! ng?,of the Iaw and so much .happiness depends 'Upon haps-wmight amy, especially1 to woman -- It Is of Zioo highly Important that every daughtrr ' J i th e I rideed n should and , tverj;-lato secure boon herself this to know how great ttUV VtVUUOV LimLAJUm ill UV VAUC . , ' ,x -- -- it-p- er; e - 4 v 