WOM AN'S E X P O NE N T. 110 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT SPLINTERS. hundred and sixty young jadics attend fhi Cincinnati Wcsleyan College ........... .A daughter of tho poet Burns, jMrs. Thompson died at, Urossmyioor, near uiasgow, reyears. .... .. ..Misscently, aged eighty-fou- r Yor.go is writing a Child's History of EngDr. Elizabeth Pope of Onconta, N. lan Y., has an extensive practice in that village sent $5,000 as a j,.....Mrsohh P. Croserfund of the Baptist gift to the endowment women aCPhiladelphia; House W7 A: 1 Volunteers for Cuba are organizing jn T,ftii!siana....;.It is estimated that but half a Mori- crop of anything has been raised in tana this year. ..... Persimmon seeus are useu Coffee.i. ...... inGcorgia iis a substitute for fDibb-TeraWendell Philips lectures ,6n, A restriction of peranco and Woman" Ch Ineso ; im m igra t ion ia - favored by Geo Booth of California..... Zuleika, a Persian actress, is: soon to: make an appearance in London...... The hat, cloak and cane of Lord Byron were lately exhibited at a Scottish Faiiv.....Watchel, Stanley and Parepa Rosa return to America next season. . . . . .The indigo plant, is indigenous to Florida...... Mrs. H. M. Tracy Cutler is spending the. winter Tho town of Milton, California, in Paris was recently almost entirely destroyed by a - tornado. . - that the race between reform and folly in every shape, will be more swiftly and energetically pursued in the next twelve months than in any past,period of the same length. And the battle between Truth and Error, which in the in Salt Lake, City, Utah. Terms: present dispensation, perhaps more than In any Published One copy on year, $2; one copy, six months, Si. Ten copies other since the beginning, is making sapid apfor. the price of iiine. Adrortising rates: Each square, eight linoH of nonpareil gpacerone time, 52;per motth, S3., f proach towards a consummation it may be reCampbell & Patterson, General Agents, East Temple street, garded as a fixed certainty, will rage more ' Salt Lake City. ;r Miss Cornelia II. Borne, Business Manager. Office hours fiercely and bring about greater consequences ani from 9 to 12 a. m.; and from 2 to 5 p. in., on Mondays .J ' in the near future than in any time; of the Fridays. 4- - L. GBEEJTE BICHABDS, EDITOB. semi-monthl- y, ' all Jbusm ess : ' com raun ications to : -.; . - i Publishers Wojiah's Expoxehtv -- - : Salt Lake Citf, Utah. SVLT LAKE CITY, Jan. 1, 1874. past. .. 2 Tons, the face of the ; ; year is truly bright and joyous as our most ardent friends couTdTlrishTndive rfeellikeayingt4uris- new-bor-n tejrseveryWhere Be of good cheer. If mistakes have occurred in the past to mar the happiness of a life, let the future prove that perfection can be gained through experience, Put awayailjealousies andenvious... thoughts, whether of a public or private nature. Be sure that you arejreasonable and just in all your der terminations and in all your practices. Seek to build each other up in every legitimate way. Pray often; and your faith in God and knowledge of heavenly things will i ncrease beyond your most sincere anticipations. These things and these alone can bring, to those who desire to do good, peace and joy and satisfaction; President Wells, in his discourse in the 14th Ward, last Sabbath, Remarked that no Latter-da- y Saint could afford to lay off the armor of righteousness for one moment; for Satan was ever on the alert, ready to decoy and ensnare at every turn. This little remark is worthy of the most careful attention of ail Saints it is a truth of vast importance. Now we wish our friends and readers, one and all, a happy New Year, and many blissful returns of the day. -- REFLECTIONS. fOften tribulations, which have seemed to humble and purify theirnaturejweonder if such scenes of suffering and sorrow are really necessary for the purification and eventual exaltation of such souls. Why wait for trials to subdue,and thus en noble the spirit? Those who study to gain wis dom and act upon correct principles, find less cause tor grief in the way of life than others do; and when troubles do come to them they aro best prepared to meet them bravely and bqar them with fortitude, feeling no cause for self-reproac- h. There is far . more wisdom and happiness in THE PARTY. being hunible, and submissive to the will of God because we love Him and delight in His Salt Lake City,' Dec. 28th; 1873. ways, tnan in Deing orougni to acKnowieage His hand through the weight of affliction. Mrs. L. Greene RrciiARDs: Permit me, through the columns, of the The commandments which the Lord has Exponent to make known the result of our given for the government of his people, are all plain and easy to be understood and practiced. After paying all expenses, we - find a Yet thought and attention must be devoted to e to .. twenty-fiv- these principles which have been revealed, or, remaining, amounting dollars, which we feel happy to turn simple and comprehensive as they are; we shall r over for the benefit of the Woman's Expowalk blindly. And, in embracing some of to best their did Committee Our nent. them, will be in danger,through want of knowmako the party a success; and only regret of finding trouble, ledge and more not did our friends generally that ourselves to live by laws for taken avail themselves of the opportunity to help having we wereupon which unqualified and unprepared. Li a so good acauio There are Lyet, some l..The sacred marriage covenant, which coms thirty tickets, or more, to be heard from,-aof the first "great comwe were assured they should bo paid for, prehends the keeping should never be entered into withwhether, the purchasers were able to be pres- mandment, ent at our entertainment or not; and I have out due consideration. It is always unwise not the least doubt but that all who prom- and most unprofitable to trifle with things so ised will come forward and pay for tjieir tick- sacred, or to treat the subject with little re ets; by so doing,they will give the Commit- - spect Particularly in entering plural marriage, teo tho gratification of knowing their exer- the principle should be as perfectly understood tions were not in vain. by all parties concerned as possible- - To realize I also desire, in behalf of our Committee, that the doctrine is of divine authenticity is not to make honorable reference to Gen. D. II. sufficient, although to comprehend this is very Wcilsf for his kindssistanceinprocuring essvJLtial.reii and women should seek dilithe 11th Ward Hall, from Bishop Taylor, gently to know themselves. And if one feels . who kindly gave us tho uso of tho hall gra- that' he or she has not yet sufficient faith to tuitously. Thanks to both gentlemen. Like- abide a holy law, in righteousness, first learn to wise to Sister M. I. Home, the 1 1th Ward live before the Lord in such a manner as to JR. S. andSistcrs W. Jennings,E. Townsend, have faith and wisdom increased, until worthy IC Young and others for their liberalityJn to live in the highest order in such perfection Ac. free band of the for supper providing as to ensure the highest glory. expense to us. Sisters W. East and Elizabeth Stephenson, who, together with Bro. - . -- bar-dan- ce -- CELEBRATION OF THE PROPHET'S BIRTHDAY. self-discipli-ne, i - Eddy East, voluntarily assisted in preparing rooms Ac. For all these favors we aro truly grateful. And speaking for myself, I say, and gentlemen and- - Udies, I thanlLyou one all for your HJbejality and assistance. And we can promise you, that" With the blessing of God, and your kind support, the Infant Exponent will continue to grow, and speak for itself, from time to time not as a child with stammering' tongue, but in tones whose clearness shall penetrate to the hearts of all ; ANOTHER YEAH. The entertainment, concerning which the above communication has been written held on the CSth anniversary of the birth-da- y of the Prophet Joseph, instead .,.ofthe 67ifa ..as was announced in our last issue was one long to be remembered by those who participated therein. Besides the usual exercise of dancing, there were very interesting addresses made upon the birth, life and death of President Joseph Smith, by Elders Orson Pratt and John Taylor,of which more may be said in another issue of the Expo-nex- t. ' The singing of the well known hymn'TTailto the Prophet," the recitation by Mr?. Davis of Elder Jaques' poem on Plural marriage and a cvoalduet by two young ladies, with organ accompaniment were very pleasant incidents -- of the evening's entertainment. Considerable merriment was excited by the presentation of a fine "artificial" baby, very plainly and neatly dressed, as a representation of the Exponent in its infancy. The little unconcious creator of innocent mirth, reposing in a cozy, home-mad- e cradle, first appeared before the company, in the hands of Elder Taylor. After making a very spicy and most befitting spcach upon the subject, he submitted the "precious charge" to the care of Miss E.R76how7 who" in turn made appropriate remarks and then handed it over to tho Editor. We take pleasure iu choosing the present favorable opportunity for offering our heart-fe- lt thanks, which wo had not words to express at the time, for the kindness manifested by our worthy friends, towards us individually, as well as in behalf of the enterprise in which we are ' ' - and Seventy-thre- e is now with the dull dead past; but upon, its pages have been recorded potent facts, which will live, in history forever. Numerous great events have transpired and been chronicled in all parts of the world, during the course of its existence. Yet even greater things may be contemplated in meditating upon the year, which dawns towho read. day. The direful results, of financial crashes Leaving further comments to our worthy which have occurred in the past year, will only be fully realized during the reign of its immeEditor, I subscribe myself E. Yours very truly, Mrs. Davis. diate successor. Present indications determine ngaged. Eightcen-Hundre- d V.' . - , . v..; 