Tate three ounces of cheese. cut it iu small square pieces, and set it to fry with a little piece1 of butter. When your cheese begins THE RELIEF SOCIETY. salt and tp melt, have three eggs beaten up with pepper.' ' " We will toll on bravely, through sunshine and shade,' For our Heavenly Father will Etlll lend i5s aid; labora-o.. love, Though lowly our sphere, jet our He honored on earth and still favors above. "I was an hungered, ye fed me, onco kindly ho saW, The poor of my people likewise ye have f ed; . A ye gave unto them, unto me ye have given, Enter into the joy of your Father In heaven. "The winter winds chilled me, my raiment was old, Warm clothing yo gav?, t protect me from eold ; My blessing was all that to you then was given, Vour treasures were hid In the Kingdom of Heaven, "I was thirsty, when lo! from the river's pure brink, M aad take4t offllie ' than one or take'niorc whole operation should not f , roU ititlHnto-- a - f-puff - Elastic Varnish. . ' As an excellent and easily k, theropcrihickiiessZ and remains elastic, so as not to crack by the bend ing of the basket. FACTS AND FIGURES. II. saw a gar-me- born in South Norwalk, Ct, within five weeks. St. Louis is reported to have invested $175,000 in the Louisville lottery, but didn't draw a cent. Church, in Portsmouth, for $450. f A new ease was added and it has remained, in. the chapel ever since, and is still in good order. Per if has lately discovered new deposits on guano, which will more than pay her : foreign debt of $180,000,000. The world uses 259,000,000pounds of tea and 718,000,000 pounds of coffee every year. China furnishes nearly all the tea, and Brazil nearly all the coffee. . It is calculated that in Alameda county, Cal., $1,000,000 is invested in the manufacture of beet sugar alone. Last year the yield was about 20,000- - tons, from which about 3,800,000 pounds of saccharine matter was produced. It is expected that this season's trjp will be much greater. Eight sets of twins were HOUSEHOLD HINTS. I never -o- Mr, I?. manufactured varnish for wicker-worRhien recommends the following composition:-yOn- e to a sirupy part of good linseed oil is boiled down consistency and mixed with twenty parts of copal. This mass is then diluted with oil of turpentine to Logan. First Element of a Home. sort two minutes I wa3 sick and 1 1 prison, ye came unto me No longer my servants, but friends ye shall be," Then why should we linger or cease from our toil? The Bride Is not ready, all lamps have not oil; - And the wiatchmen in Zion unceasingly cry, Prepare ye, make ready, the Bridegroom is tigh. S. B. at too fine for man or maid; 'there never wasja chair too good for a cobbler or cooper to sit in; never a house too fine to shelter the human head. These elements about us, the gorgeous sky, the imperial sud, are" not too good for the human" race. Elegance fits man. But do we not value these tools of housekeeping a little more than they are worthy and sometimes mortgage home for the mahogany we can bring into it? I would rather cat my dinner off the head of a barrel, or dress after the fashion of John the Baptist in the wilderness, or sit on a block all my life, than consume all myself, before I get home, and take so much pains with the outside that the inside was as hollow as an empty nut. Beauty is a great thing, but beauty of garments, 'house and furniture is a very tawdryt)rnament compared with domestic love. All the elegance iu uu world will not make a home, and I would give more for a spoonful of hearty love than for whole shiploads of furniture, and all the upholsterers of the world could gather together. "Theodore Par- . Mr. Silas Cooper of Lincoln county, West Virginia, is claimed to be the oldest man in the State. He was one hundred and six Why a Child loves Sugar. The era vine of chil years,old. on the 9th of last March. Mr. dren for sweets is well known to be one of the Cooper is as quick or foot as many, men at most imperious of "their appetites TtT Has refer- - fiftyrandb!e tostand a great dealof exer-c,is-e. His wife died a few months ago, at ence probably to that careless activity which espe cially characterizes the age ot childhood. It is the age of one hundred and ten. ker" known that sugar renders easier "and more perfect According to statistics derived from the the digestion of the albuminous food upon which "Bureau of Education," it is calculated that their growth depends. In respect to these oftices out of the 38, 558,371 of the population of it is therefore nearly essential to thtir the United States of all apres, 12,135,799, or And yet how strong, for generations, has been the 31. 47 : per cent, of the total population, prejudice against sugar! Under what difficulties, must be excluded from the number who are and in the face of what discouragements 'and proable, through reading and writing, to extests, have our children obtained the luxury! information with others for the well-bein- g. change Good Biscuit One quart of flour, one guidance of their conduct. V V baking powder,- - butter the sizeof a walThe oldest organ la the United States is nut; use water, don't mix stiff"; bake quick. in the chapel of St. John's Church, at Portsmouth. It was imported in August,1713,and To soften Hard Water. You can soften the adding carbonate of soda washing soda as presented by Thomas Brattle to the Queen's long as a whitish precipitate is formed. L.t it Chapel, in'Boston, which Jafter the death of settle and draw off the clear water above. Some- ijueen Anne, was called the King's Cha times simplo boiling will render the water after set- pel. In 1 756 the organ was sold to St. Paul's Church, where it remained until 1836,eighty tling fit for washing. years, when it was again sold to St. John's Short Cake Bub together one quart of flour, nno One tea5DOOnful of salt Ahmed, an old gentleman living in ww nm nf Knffr l.rl j UUVbVlj Asia Minor, is said to have reached or beef dripping. Make into a paste with cither his 13$th year." He enjoys excellent health sou or bmUermilL and add half a tablespoonful of , .1 and sauraius aissoivea m a mue warm water. iMako spiritsf thougli he has long survived all nis relatives. From his youth upward he into a soft dough and bake. has been a strong advocate of. bodily exerTo Get Bid of Large Ants I went out iu the cise as a preservative of health, and until garden and procured a handful of has been iu the habit of taking "sprinkled them iu and around my sugar box and in ' quite lately long "constitutionals" daily. Ahmed - is less than 21 hours thev had all- frft.-i- W i not the only instance of remarkable longevtrouble at all now; it is a sure way to get rid ofl " at Irebizoned.: Another old man has i ity large ants. Try it.- -A. L. S.':'v jiist died who had reached his 125th year. table-spoonf- w.a-"tcr- ul by . " Tre-bizone- -- X' 1 T 1 vr ' 1 - PRACTICAL HINTS hh For iho EXfosest. d, Mount Pleasant, May 3rd, 1874. Editor Exponent: Being desirous a few of my thoughts to paper, I forward the same to you, for publication if 3 you deem it worthy. . to the young, Iaddresj myself principally although young and old have the same privileges in relation to the subject of, which I will write. Let those who possess an education do their best to i impart knowiedgo to others striving to do so without show or noise, going quietly and perseveringly ;';'7;7 to-comm- -- . idongiirthenvork proving the human mind to . feed and instruct and implant th& principles truth. Thejvourig lady who teaches her sister the simple arts of reading and writ-In- tr is Duttinsr iri her possession the key to all written knowledge, and placing within her reach the power. of active thought Let every young lady's first duty be.to im prove, educate and elevate herself . in the those assosocial scale, helping forward-a- ll ciated with her. by all reasonable means. Therefore, young ladies, determine in your own minds that you will advanco,and the first, step is already taken, and hair the, battle won ; and striving to advance yourselves, will prove the most effectaul way of stimulating and encouraging others. Example is better than precept, and your own actions will teach far more emphatically than words can do, I speak of is as a duty binding upon every young lady connected with the Church and Kingdom of God. There is a dignity in every effort that is made to cultivate talent and improve every gift that the Almighty has bestowed upon us. It produces a well regulated mind, it gives virtue the mastery over; vice, it drives away care and secures comfort and will eventually aid us in being instruments in the hands of our great Creator to do much good to ourselves and our fellow creatures. : Le t be our and motto. v ,7 In conclusion, let me, beg of: the young pro- sisters to abserve i good manners,-anper deportmelatat and thus ultimately gain cirrumstances power over every weakness and every evil itself among that may at any time present ' them. With a fervent desire to do good, l am, your sister in the Gospel of Peace. : -- self-improvem- self-reform rr- ent . -- r-- -r- d . . Margaret F. Harrison. - HYGIENIC NOTES. To remove Boils. Dr. Simon, a physician of Loraine gives a new cure for boils, by treating.them with camphorated alcohol. As soon as the culmination "point of a boil makes' iis appearance, he puts a little of the liquor in a saucer, and dipping the' ends of his little fingers in it, rub3 the inflamed surface, especially the central part, repeating the operation eight or ten tinies for about half a minute. He then allows the surface to dry, placing over it a. slight coating of camphorated olive oil. He says that four such applications will, in almost all cases. cause,:boils to dry up and disappear. Tho application should bo made at morning, noon" and evening. Eating Between Meals. In reerard to eating between meals, if persons would eat only at regular Intervals there would be no craving;but as tho habit of eating irregularly is continued,- it becomes stronger. I know iUs a common practice for people to - 