felt at Yokahama Bush fires have be?n some timo in Terapleton, Canatl:s, raging for and much loss of property will be the re sult... ...A great inundation is : announced from Barreiro3r;.;.. Jncendm ing troublesome, at Buffalo...... There aro thirty-eigacknowledged Women preachers in the United States;;. . The: Auburn, New York, prison has-;- 6116';: thousand one hundred and eighty-fouinmates at present Tho home-rul- e hat which has no crown SPLINTERS. ' ; r , 5 V LOCAL. hundred immifrrahts "arrived ih Os dc:i:'bnJ,TV!edDesday the 23rd ult'.V...Mr, Denton Has been Vgiying a courso of scien- uug leciureon, geoiogy in 'mis city...;.. 31133 Mary;iJ.,Times, 17 years old, suicided a t Porta ore, Box .Elder Ua on: the 23rd tilt. . Ttf actilnery'for. developing tho bed of at fopl the'Crismbn' coal 'mine.-Coavilieris is the latest Irish iashion:.v..Th6;rite of a. :aupunuivo, tannery is confirmation uciug. juieq. was administered totwo'Jiun- connected with the IJhitedlOrder at'Farm- dred children at Albariyl cri a recent Sunday ington-v.- A shoemaker pays twenty-fiv- e ......St." Louis has erected a monument in aoiiars hero for assaulting the wiforqf A careless man while shootimr black- - honor of : General Nathaniel Lyon...... One steamer latelookurthouhdTO ihot gupTsTallittlobo ourth ward tne, otner aay, lortunatejy ons into Boston...... A triple ; eruption of Mount Etna was lately; very lively, but is withno very serious results. ..; now oyer and tho lava has ceased to flow LITERARY. . ...V.Massachusetts has a law that one dozen "Women and Work" will he tho title of eggs shall weigh ono" pound and; a half.;.... a newspaper about to do started byEm ily Silk cnltue Faithful... ...Two lectures designed to be ing a fixed interest... ...The flouring mills at delivered before Jyceums have been pre- Sablett,Ilbi-hweire1;latelburned, to the pared by Miss Hulda B. Loud of Itockland, ground by lighthing......New" York, has a Mass. . . . . . .This year thero afejohe luindred iemalo who is said to bo doing an members in the freshman extensive business::..:,Not and twenty-fiv-e h of the class at Cornell University;V....New York land of Illinois, it is said, is yet under cul- Texas has not a single Univer city has two thousand ihree hundred and tiN'ation. e thou- salist church . . .. . .The Jews of , Moldavia school teachers, ninety-fou- r sand scholars and expends three million and Ukraine make sugar of honey which is ; ; dollars th is said to be as white as sno tv. six h u n d red and eigh . .. . . .Mrs. Haryear in the cause of education for a is materials new novel ding collecting Aikin lias la "new Korttiright ..i...Fanny THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. book entitled MA littio lower than the an3 Five -- -- ht ; ';' . : r. l . , atai-lor,V..- V. rds-wi- th longed squeal. Then lo wering its head it pushes forward persistently and passes the boy, being too ignorant to' regard the fact that in so doing, it runs away from and looses its supper. -- Notwithstanding; the hints which are drop-' ped occasionly hero and there,' and which if heed miht avert the vuinouj . results wbich are staring people in the ' ward'to'; evident, fina n ci&l 'destrqc tioh; JTKpx?) is only,hefe and thereTa woman .nbw-adawho has the courage to say .uI will be consist- -' ent no matter how others do or what they think of me," and stand by these assertions. And: the young lady who is able! to movein j: fashionable society and dares to dress and act in conformity with comfort, health and ease, 3eWcTtarii'ave thenrs trprirera warded her - a t any fair, and free passes to concerts and; thea . ys, tres. '..-- --' ... 1 - WHAT IS HAPPINESS. what: We each; of us havd xur 'owQ' ideasf would make us fully happy, and it is right and not all properthatVe shqu constituted alike we are scarcely competentTtpT" measure each others capacity enjoyment' reflect us that ho w When we look around and ever much people may possess, however fortunate they may seem, whatever cbmfortsj luxu ries, and elegancies they may gather around them, in the midst opt all there is a lack of : true happiness we naturally enough turnf our thoughts inward, and ask our own hearts, what , . , is wanting for happiness All persons should seek in' themselves the. ' Jj. GREENE RICHARDS, Editor. instinct, the faculties,: and tne free develop- -, CORXELIA II. IXORXE, Business aiauagrer. ment of their happiness;' aqd even then they should know that they will not find any more el-- i, In Salt Lake City, Utahl than half of rwhat t they seekiJ Gratified rabiishcd' TcrniB: One copy one year, 13.00; one copy six inonOis, fishness sometimes constitutes 11.00. len copies for tne price or uioe. AdvcruBing real soHdity, or sufficient ,eleri ca ts r rates: taca Bqaare. ien lines space, one without any to of durability; we should render .ourselves ap t-time, per month, $3.03. A liberal discount ' J? y, , ; rcanlar adyertiecrs. of happiness and worthy .to possess, it, by Exponent Office, on West Temple St., near First South ble St., opposite City Market place. Bnejncss' hours fiom 0 wisdom, purity of life, and appreciation of the a.m. to 4 p.m. on Mondays and Fridays; 1 :; r good and beautiful; order, industry, devotedAddreRS all business communications to ness and humility are preliminaries to happi- . Publishers Womix'b Exponent, ' bill-post- er one-fift- fifty-thre- -- ty-thr- ee ' gels.", ' '.'.).... ,.Vr:t. y ;'r ARTISTIC. y, ;'.r ... .1.1 V.; ' f, At Greenbush a Philharmonic 'Society Tho. collection of has been organized. to paintings lent the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, by the Duke of Montpensier, have arrived Jn Boston. Walton's, collection; of paintings, now on exhibition in tho Burlington-Gallery, consists of two groups ono of scenes in Egypt and Arabia, the other vie ws of Alpine scenery... ...Tho famous collection or pictures by the old masters, formed by tho late Mr, Alexander Barker, of Piccadilly, was recently sold... ...Great improvements hlgh-clalsomes- II. S.y 11; : PERSONAL. Prince Leopold, youngest son of Queen Victoria' delivered a speech in English, French and Italian on entering the Masonic fraternity.li..The Princo'of Wales acts temporarily as Grand Master of the Free Masons in England, In placoof the Marquis of ftipon ? who resigned .Victoria a' Wood hull and Tennio C. Claflin are said to have attracted much attention in Paris,, being regarded as typical American ladies.. ....Rev. Phoebe A. Hanniford is pastor of tho first Universalist Church in Jersey City.:..,. Charles E. Courtney, champion oarsman of, New York, will establish a rowing school at Auburn... ...Jean Louis Hamon, the German artist, is dead. So also is Arnold Ilerrman Losso'w, German .... .7' sculptor ' . .GENERAL..". 1 1.1Valparaiso had an; earthquake lately..... Thirteen thousand cotton operatives at Bolton, England, aro preparing for a strike...... The usual dividendsof tho four leading railroads of England havo been cut down two or three million dollars this season...".. According tcTanorder lately piven. all for eign priests, monks and nuns will be expelled lrora Prussia Trouble is anticipated between tho whites and blacks of Jamaica.... .. A severe ohocfc of earthquake was recently , ;. .'. 1 , - seml-monlhl- j, half-satifefac.i-on, cii " S3-0- - ; 1 , ; ; . ; . Salt Lake City, Utah. ; LAKE CITY, SEPT. . Iii the world thele are many , things: which -promise the elements of happiness, even wheri 1874. SQ, tic art-reviv- al . f JRALT and artistic execution of farniturd.... ..George Browning, F; in Italy. lectures on " . iappni'sTverfo to THE HARD TIMES. tery if we listen it can only bring disappointment, weariness and regret; The gay followers1 of . fashion, flitting carelessly through their butterfly existence, willlug slaves'td the "gold- en chain'' Hvhich binds them, "are only-incmentarily happy; and often: there is "a cloud the heart," of upon Ihobrow,'! ori,;a sigh-ithe fairest of them. Tho scholar, the sculptor the scientist; and the poet, "though they may achieve grand triumphs of, thought and study may be made almost supremely happy, dazzled even for a time, .by JHc work 'of heart, hand; and brain, yet are- not wholly! satisfied; still " striving to grasp something just beyond their reach. . Ambition, however grand and maguifl-- ! cent have .been its conquests, still ; leaves! itsj votaries restless and unhappy; The world--; renowned Caesar, when he had fulfilled 'the, vow of his boyhood,", and had boasted that even ' when his chariot, should disappear from the Capitol his statue be riven from its sphere and its inscription, "Caesar the ' Demigod;"" lost, that through all time the ambitious man, be ho "Statesman, general f or scholar wonld study his career, and emulate Jiis victories, It issaid, bitterly exclaimed, "Has the' indomlta- ble will, the fierce struggle; the unflagging toil; the blood of five hundred battle fields,-the8ack ofs a thousand cities, bronght'me but tls! It is a mockeryj a dream, a 'fable, can this be Every body knows that the times arc now dull duller than usiial in all parts of the country and all over the world Stingy; men grumble, weak one9 whine, shortsighted peo ones complain over ple fret and the present dull, hard times. And still, seem" iugly, few persons, so very few. that among the masses they are scarcely noticable, are willing to assist in creating reforms calculated to bring v forth brighter days. Every one must be fashionably attired, every table must be spread with some rich danties . every house elaborately furnished. course of the fashionable world, To watch the a of one mind in pig .which concludes to puts a go through gate way at all hazards, though a boy stands by with a big stick, ready to strike it as It approaches. The pig intent on the purpose in view, may fail toee the danger it U; in until the nxt blow is' dealt,. whack over its head. Then it gives a little grunt and starts; backward a few, steps, but nothing daunted, rushe3 forward again with more force tban.be-- f ore and a more positive determination to have ifs own way. When the second blow from the sticlrin the boy's hand cornea, dealt with more vijor than the former, the pig lis better prepared for it, and stands his grounds firmly, only rearing its nose upwards to utter a loud and pro all!" long-tongu- ed ; . : - : . -- -i' n - , -- ' 1 ' . 