WOMAN'S' E XPONE NT. ed with the right of franchise in which they are nobly aiming to sustain us. Resolved That copies of the foregoing Iteso lutfons be sent to Woman7 & Exponent, Deseret : News and Salt Lake Herald. Mrs. Mary L Horne, Pres. f Miss Annie SMiTiirSEC.--- . inst., in the 14th Ward Assembly, Rooms. Mrs. him he bit oft her car. ; Of course the were horrified at such unnatural It. I; Home, Mjs. W; East, Mrs. S. B. Wilkin-so- n, Mrs! J. C. Richardson, Mrs. E. S. Taylor conduct,' but he told them she had never and Mrs. E. J. Stevenson constitute the Com taught him not to steal or he would never mittee of Arrangements, and no doubt the en- have come to such a dreadful end. Perhaps tertainment will be one of the best arid most some may think this was a great ado about to me, enjoyable ofJhe season. We wish the ladies a little, but it was a life long lesson kind and how infinitely better than a hasty whiptheir perfect success, and return thanks for ' - ping would have been. No doubt many who to ns. " invitation extended .... were brought up by pious parents can recolWe are pleased to offer grateful acknowl lect receiving similar teachings. And shall by-stand- ers J .L- COMMENTS. A lady editor, in one of the North-wester- --- States, after visiting the legislative Hall, re ports that the deportment of the members of the Assembly is very ungentlemanly, We are pleased and gratifiedj that we are? able to re-; tive Assembly of Utah. Nowhere, certainly, could a more complete body of real gentleman be found than that which composes the above named assembler When we" visited we,, marked with pleasure, thelpeculiar air of neatness, good taste and good order with which everything iwas arranged. Not the slightest or disagreeables peffumey the appearance of any thingichimtght prove offensive to the most refined and delicate sense, were perceptible, so far as we W'ere able to no tice. And in the transacting of; public ibusv ness most agreeable and obliging dispositions were manifested. Ave can safely say that.no country in Utan has reason to be ashamed of its representative, or reprenatives. ; . - --,. i 4e-J- eb edgements, not only in our own name, but also we--as niotiiers1! in behalf of our sisters who were specified in a rian parents? No eerily ! for our duty to our motion of Mir. L. E. Harrington, member of children, to our God, and to mankind dethe Legislative Council, by which the freedom mands our utmost diligenco in this respect. of the Council Chamber has been extended to A. A. P. S. L. City, Jan. 11th, 1874, tati veI leading rcpresen rt-Zi- n 125 JL consider this ana deserving sincere thanKs. ntl-ours- ecta oh HOME FEELING. . -- : HOME AFFAIRS. A writer , For tbo Exposicst A WORD FOR MOTHERS. I mad g the remark last , fall, to a member of our family,JiVould it not be better for Johnny to let the peaches alone till they are ripe ? then ve all can have the good of them." She replied, "If he does not pick them the neighbor's boys will; for ever since the apricots began to ripen, they have run through the orchard, climbed the trees, and peitea eacn otner wnn ine irmi." is Now I could not help;1 reflecting--wh- y this ? Do we mothers teach our children as we ought ? Do ve teach them to respect our neighbor's rights ? And that It is just as wrong to trespass on a neighbor's prem ises, as it is to go into his house; take away or destroy anything therein ? Do we incul cate prineiplesof honesty in our children, by precept and example ? (For without example precept is of little avail.) Do we watch diligently the dispositions and tendencies of our children, And. the moment we see anything wrong, endeavor, by loving wrords to correct that error; impressing on their young and tender minds, the awful consequences which will result in after life, if these evil tendencies are suffered to g"b , - from Bountiful, Davis Co., who ye fathers and . mothers who have sons and daugh ters growing up around you,doyou ever think of your responsibility in this re- gard your responsibility for keeping alive the home sentiment In the hearts of your children ? With in the limits of your means, remember that the obligation rests on you to make their homo the pleasantest place on this rolling earth; to make the vord"home" for them' the "synonym ' for "happiness." I wTou!d not have you Import the vices of the outside world into your homes for any purpose; but I would have you go to the utmost verge of what is moral, to provide at homo those things which entice young and growing persons away from home. Let me assure you that you had better spend your money in doing this than: In ostentation or luxury, and far, far better spend it thus, than to amass a fortune for your children to squan-- 1 der in the future And not only a regards: amusements,but also comfort and refinement, for children have a keen appreciation for these things this is much the best policy. Donlp5end ,your;ix tftiSx,hQoFinJIIfiUing garments, collar all awry and chafing his neck, buttons missing and shoes down at the heel,don't make a warehouse or clothes-pres- s of his room. Don't feed him on sour bread, and tough meat, and burnt coffee, Don,t let misrule spoil noise and dissension-ar- d he spends at home. Don't do any of these things if you can possibly avoid it, e esrciaflydq!i,t doUem for tho O . subscribes herself 'Your true friend, though a 'Gentile,' " fails to give us her name private and the rights of the press delyag custom mand; which we regret, as her communication is well worth publishing. Miss Sarah E. Russel, who is spending the winter with : friends in Richmond, Ray Co., Missouri, writes lis, privately, from that place. Many sincere friends in this city, will be gratified to learn that this very estimable young a pleasant unchecked ? j lady is in good heal th, and enjoying ' h will know bet will "0 visit among old associates. say they Many vThe New, Year's Richie in the '14th Ward tf ter when they grow older." I tell you they will you teach them better! And mthiscityy"S" -n : of- two hundred and fifty juveniles belonging to the we carih b tnglndTT.o)n07encouKig-- i laying and How of love truth them the honesty. at and seated first were tables, use. The richest legacy you can leave partook Ward, is to a mother, to it and gratifying pleasing g of a repast, in every way suitable, to the occ- mow that she can inextinguishable and fraon the word of him is a depend asionthe adults having by; unanimous voice, tier child, that he will tell the truth, even grant recollection of his home, when time given the little folks the precedence for the day. though that truth may argue' against him and death have forever dissolved the Give him that, and he will, in After the children, their parents, Sabbath self. Every intelligent, mother wishes her School Teachers and friends 'were feasted.1 The children to command, by their upright con this strength of it, make his own way in the recollections of home be company in all,amounted;ta something over duct, the respect of all good people; and this world; but let his leave four hundred. ; Especial caro Vas taken by the is only to be attained by the strict obser repulsive, and the fortune you may for the loss him will be a poor compensation committee of arrangements," that the poor of vance of these principles of right of -- that tenderness of heart and purity, of the Ward should be liberally provided for. I remember wheu 1 .was very young, while life which not only a pleasant home, but the Notwithstanding the large number of children going home through the market, of seeing of one, would h aye- - secured. - Rememory first of was the a of order of a best the preserved during peas, (the by stall, hamper present, member this, too, that, while he will never the entire proceedings of the day and evening; season.) While standing, looking at them feel grateful for your money when once you which "consisted of music and singing, addresses, very wishfully, I saw a little girl take a are under ground, he will go to your greeii woman owned who the unnoticed landful -The and by dancing. 'sociareonversation; feasting for I may take grave and bless your very ashes surely committee was deserving of much 'credit, for the stall.r So I thought, . it. 1 of qviet, comfort .and refinement i their praisewherthy efforts, which were re- one. wnen l goi nome, iainer uskcu me into which you may. if you possess the warded with success. Mr Heber Cummings where I got it, I told him, and he led me by means, transform your home." he hand, right back to the stall, and made also merit especial no11. N. 1. ; and Miss Mattie Home woman's for ask the knees on me pardon my retice for the excellent manner in which they , Then he led mo into the quiet cited the Young Gentleman's and; Young La- - stealing. church-yarand there ortrayed to me in d ies. add resses, wri t ten;Tor Jhe" Occasion byjth e In middle life we hesitate to sit in judg vivid language the ternbleenormity q Ward Sabbath School, of the Superintendent ima thief!. Making mc realize that It was ment upon any one; veread-sIowl- r ng Bro. George- H. Taylor, and given in another lis scripture of an duty to correct rne, and that I would reverently the untranslatedwe column of the present issue of the Exponent. hank are confluent, him for it when I grew older. He re other heart; but .in youth Ox the second Monday in February, the cited to me the dreadful incident of a young and assign motives ami intentions as glibly officers for this city will be elected. man, who was condemned to be hung, and as children pretend to read nursery tales n taken to the gallows, asked to which they have learned by rote. Ceha Ilur- .. The Relief Society of tiie 14th Ward will who, Who she came close to give. a Select party on Friday evening, the 23rd see his mother. When the-strict- est , . . -- the-hou- rs -- not,-unles- s pr-jKjs- life-lon- ent. i , , that-sanctuar- y 1 , d, -- d- - Mu-h'icip- le 1 