.1 I Vol., 3. 7 SALT LAKE ;CITY, UTAH) SEPTEMBER . No." 8. 15, 1874. bojust as siiccessfut in Beeagainst one sJdliaynot chip:straw lady's hat trimmed with flowers. keeping, stKaTof the, sterner sexj rfor, it is interesting, clean, sweet and profitais what a prominent The Philadelphia ladies clalraUho honor light, ble. Now are not these advantages enough? two gentlemen's drab soft hats, EDITORI AL NOTES. "Demox wdRSinr, New Yorkpaper calls;, Spiri(uali.sra,'.whiclv of resort; for poor But I have opening the first sea-sistrayed from my subject,of putit says ist making giant strides and ; is rap- vftmftn hfiftn 'thfl.t has fitiihlished. It is sit- ting in a good, strong excuse. Well bo- -, loWcoming tne: national reilgionm ot tne liatrtd t Ashnrv Park.. about six miles from sides ali i have named jr. Will ie 4he dariirigl, flattering; to a great; natioa, which prides in a fine grove,- Board for. the season is hasbeerreiefc .'of whole mouthful teeth and :KereelfrdriWcK mother-da"and v sends missionaries abroad to convert .the M instituted for the assistance" odeserv- - oMho hour well "you know, how it is. neatnen; ana frowns .upon, tne ratter aay ln women. & prorainentcitizen of Phila ute any or Saints because they do'not" appear without delpllia gaVc'the ladies acheck for $5000; yourself" will, perhaps, so I refrain j and : spot or flemish in the sight of herpure nha tho homo j3 entirely' paid for.: .". " I suggest to those, who have nover tried it, to sleetgoM-iWliit- e eyes. Alexandrine D'Egroff of Wizentryi peal, quarter and corefnow take two lbs. of; The principal" officers of tho ."orma. JIiss ovogdrod, (a province ofjRussia), has tak-- white sugar to three or apples ttiU3 prepared "Woman Suffrage Society are: I en up her .TSL ,1 residence In Ann Arbor, and mako, in tho usual way, into it ; most : tempory Wallis; President: Mrs: Laura DFdree Michvwithto graduation in the beautifui j)reservc, seasoning yith any spice Gordon, tor, Stockton Reader,) ;, Vice Medical ,bepartmeht;of thc University. desired -- To make a, delicious drinku boi- lmrs. iuatnews, incoming see- - she cider in a clean, bright brass or copper, 3 attended lectures your HnSt resiueny already ' retarv: Mrs. Watson. Corresoondinsr0 faecre- Petersburg? and Paris,-bbeing 'aiwdinah, four gallons to oneand put, it away in a one for Vice President about besides tary, could not get a dipibma by completing her cellar, in bottles, jug or keg; and when used "half the counties in thSStaleand-aiJBdar- d medical BduCationln eitHer ciry She Speaks bntAspoonfui or two in a glass of ' water. of Directors. French fluentlythe ianghage w Jt makes a cheap, nice arid wholesome bev--' ;.. shd holds intercourse nwith tho " western I erage- .. a called on, sister and is and Yesterday barbarians,,f peeing THE SEX. fast; acquiring English under the instructions of7 Miss complained of here as" sickly- - and without 'Madame "Anna ' Bishops Is' singing in Ore- Ilanilina recent University graduate. bloom. I asked her. "Have .you watered , gon. ai w them regularly?" '0 yes," she said, "twice Minnie Hauck, the American prima donna in Vienna, is a Ne w, Orleans girl., , ; de - ; EStat - iy-theiroubjet n- night-r-apy'mi- . - . , . . 1 - a-vie- ; -- fe - A . - ut ( ; ci - -- 1 - : - - . . Mrs. George - Lewisi;Bbckway,N. Y:, rowed biiia a boat'in tho breakera on - to' tlie awMrY.; fciJiA t Thursday last, and rescued a boy' v'lrom probably drowning whose boat had capsized, ' A her last weeks, she .facing .The ladies of Portage Grange last loucn-..craft Mich., have instituted a Dress Rpfnrm I a nome,X nor near relatives. ' Jtier oaa. Stretcher and hereafter will not follow Dame Fashion, inga;rticle, entUied'Life u'J ...nil.." .u'v,i uy our reuuura. - y u but have a ; fashion each t of her ownTrtone .Win 00 reiut5jiuuurt;u that will be ; more , consistent with i their manrs iTournal. ; .;'".. V : purse and cquduci ve of better health; j tKal Gazette says "HiOIHINTS "TttJpBedfordI,) "there aref in Pennsylvania 150 - PostiiiisV tresses.3 It has been ctoW'forraaneiirs WAXKS, TALKS AND UINTSr to appoint women to that position, and they are always efficient officers, we believe not ; : St. George, Sept 2nd, 1874. one nas ever provea a defaulter to the gov(Dear Exionent: crnment.' T shall be pardoned 'for lack, ol greater whenXtell you .how; very; busy Tub; Princess rargaretta is greatly, be iitiavebeenVor; loved in, Rome' for her many and tender among uit.thah-tlioVlovelflowers, drying, is the cnaruies. one is very ucuumui, uau Firi said hat her presence has an influence, on banning, preserving ani nluofs. 1 s . - ; t or Jho plant, or ??'!? : : :T. 7, nn ""r well.'." said them." wnndpr vour plants are yellow and sickly,'- how " . criven I - f P9l - would you like to be crammed into a small room for a whole year without ventilation? You must turn; tho plants out, give them , 1 f l&rgero ts;p - weather keep them in some shade,! like.' an arbor, jvhere.lhey can igetJ plenty: of:light!lL and air and but little sunshine, and then, once a inorithj feed; them; liquid manure, thus: take an old mm pan or bucket, fill with ' manuro Irom thc SIieeD ' ' cowshed or hen coop j pour on plenty of water and, soaking a day, water wHuu a wuraes. Many a uu7 ts poorand .sickly f ior wan t; of this k treatment-Th- ere, Willie. calls! neeta; anDle; Dears ' ,f , Flora. rines and grapes; bach in their turn I have had I to "manipulate; preparing" not only a is not well for us to cherish the habit It supply for. future family use Imt some to spare,, for, salel You must also "know I am of dwelling much on the faults and; shorty; apiary-- i comings of those with whom wo live. It quite a B'eeper.randlveVah. rqake us more .critical than; generous. ; It am hot ashame of,- Avhi Thta'nnf nnTvr fit'Pi 'rrin pfiAP.t. f ho. cnrdi.lilitv more care anaiaoor, put au.ine, noaey .our inin.; .it lusensioiy lessens our confidence.' little fainUy eeeds. And;:"hovfasyit;Ji U interferes with, the delicious fcasd ana free- - -paid for; just think, a swarm of bees tb'start dbm of our intercourse with them. It col- with, a few hives, a bee journal .or - two, anlors the remarks that we :make about them. interesting study, a few hours every, week, It is said of. tho virtuous woman, whose result, all the delicious honey we desire, price is above rubies, that the law. of kind soine to spaie and a hundred- per .cent in- - Inessis in her tongue. But in order to bo in crease every year. i wonaer, a nunarea tne tongue u:musturst;uo in:tne Heart, ana 4imes a month, .whyevery. sensible sister 'or! th.habit .of,dweJUpguch.:on;Jhb JrapcrrJ ' housekeeper don't nave oee3 ana mus nave iiecuons oi our inenas ana- associates will plenty - of clear, delicious honey, amuse- - soon drive it from us. ment for: sparo. hours ana ah una red per Tomatoes were first used in this country, cent, profit. In fact, from my own. expert as an edible, in thc year 1819. no reason female labor and why ence, I see J h ! ' . . : afr y. -- , the populace possessed by no one else. PWheri any disturbance threatens they send for her. licr age is twenty-fou- r. : ., .. Of Mrs. M'Mahon, wife of the President ; of Fnmce;'Lucy Hooper gives the following description: "She is short, stout, and ' un stylishdo)king;and in her dress of dark blue silk, with tuuic and sleeveless corsage of open" worked black silk;'a hat "wreathed with pale pink roses, and a bouquet 'Of pink roses in her hand, looked like tho housekeeper of some aristocratic family abroad in' her best clothes. ' j .. f, ' -'1: ; ; - Miss Josie VBurnett and Miss j Mabel Weiss, two Boston girls, roWed a . veryj cresting1 match against time at th e Isle of Shoals. The course was from Star Island to Appledore, distance over mile, to be done within fifteen minutes. They accomplished the feat in eleven minutes, and won the wager. The bet was with a gentleman, for ? athW t t- - . : ? I . : - f - ? 