i- I lit 1 i 1 1 1 - 4V yv i i V Vol. 1 f, , . , ' " . .', N,f--- - l II ! - SALT, XAKE CITY,. UTAH, SEPTEMBER 30, 1874. 3. 01 rSLA ir ,No. 0. ' The discovery which the' Herald elated with Br. Sarah J. Williams,:; whoso thinks a very valuable one, was purely acci- office practice has iricreasedl l tor tho extent dental, f A mechanic of that city was try- of occupying her full time,"and,. rendering ing to secure a better draft for a sluggish necessary an. assistant physician i firej and the thought pecured to .him after Miss Sallie Hooper, over eighty years bid, other devices had failed, to try the effects a native of .'North field Long IslartdN. , Y., of steam,; Asmali.pip6was com'nii tted has been county poor-ho- use ' duct the,"dry steam'? from rthe topof tho under 'peculiar circumstances. Sho boiler to the upper part" of. tho furnace, was the owner of a house and lot ilt Long where it entered in two small jets, striking Neck, which she agreed , to' deed to sl Mrs. downward on the burninsr luel. JNo eooner Ann Eliza Lakq and her" husband on conwas the steam injected into tho furna'ce than dition they should maintain : and take tho sluggish; smoky, tiro sprang. into a clear, caro ofthat, her duringher iTh'p;!';Arrange-men- t EDITORI AL NOTES' of fuel. an English : . aeronaut complains that his balooiiAvas fired at not less than , throe times during a recent ascent from London, and offers 100 reward, for the apprehension of the -- i parties who' firedV-- Tim women of Iowa have.- - resolved to lend their influence to have no ihan Selected to office who does hot support tho cause of Woman Suffrage. 'We think this is sensible and; consistent and hope the ladies of that State will persevere1 until they- possess tho w;as made,..ahdihej went toresido bright yellowish ana intensely not. name, right to voto equally with the men. filling the whole furnace with; a loud roar. with .tho. ijakes, but aer lUe .iWas .maae so ,w Mrs. CELiA'Burleigh, in a recent letter to hrho man had V-not uncomfortable that sho fyra3Bppnt obliged to Il TAMi nrtnintHnia iVia . jS? that. heJliI -l leave. She .demanded, the. retura.of her i" -i ,o uuiuw a asuu expensmoKeiea yv. lire., imporiunc, U.?r- - property, WlllCll WaS rpfnsnL It 13 pTODaDlO , ,;' Wn with inotiMhlft - nntiQiimnf Fnn her case will bo ' taken ::up by ' tho au- feemeaied to thus learn that the paragraph nacb of the Herald engine., which .was con- - that '" : ih oUr last issue concerning heir was without ycrted from a' neighborhood nuisance" of thorities. .y;A ':" Miss JanoAinslie,, who. died recently in foundation. smoko and soot into a smokeless flue. Edinburgh, was the; originator of "Tho Bbet Harte's works ;are reported to Flower Mission" in Glasgow. So long as command a higher,; price .than those of any WOMAN'S RECORD. her strength permitted she personally suother ,writer,of the davv His latest story, pervised the mission, carrying baskets' full fJohn ;Oakhurst,V .was written in one night, Mits.-Elle- n T. Miller of Now York; who of bouquets tathe Infirmary, tWhfe smiies for whici he received fiyo hundred, dollars. died in- her will ieft some1 $11, and words of welcome1 always Awaited licrJ And yet ho can: keep no money by him and 500 torecently, tho various ' benevolent uuurua ui i vYiiuu mm couiu no longer payincso visics, not I: is we earn .a man. is poor, what , Ah "It the Presbyterian Church. in her sick room, her hands arid thoughts us rich."; makes wo imt what keep that Miss Laurai Bedding, "Howard Glyndon'? were ever busy in the work. A' change to oc the deaths that' are daily With of the New York mail, was 'born a deaf Grantown in the early part: of ;tho : summer and accidents,it seems mute, but can now articulate quite dis was deemed advisable Therelier thoughts curring from diseases : were still for the sickAndufferingiP Al that some people cannot; be satisfied j r but tinctly and not unpleasantly, . most to tho last dav of ?her. existenro sho want themselves to have a' hand in tho is. ,11. Mrs. jJicKinson, otioiyoke,JUass., occupied herself,, in tho intervals of pain, work of destruction.5 A man named Hed has succQ-ssfu-l been who in her instruc with making small wiro; baskets, to hold ferns ,very name tho of ceS shot and killed another by Chinese students, ' will .tako for the patients in the Infirmary, i .t Golden at Beaver city lately, and Golden tionsto young who but not as successfully to kill into her .family; some of tho number, tried as hard Mrs. Susanna Moodio .writes to tho Tor- i ' arrived . from; .China early in Septem ' " Hedges; pnto Globe"A from Lakefield;;;Ontario, .to ' held in Alameda correct some of the statements published At an election ' Mrs. Lindsay, a benevolent Christian OoL: 'California, to decide the question of .bister. the lato Miss.1 Agnes has collected :money and books for the regard fng her lady, "local under the license dp the histories of Strickland, tho authoress of, granting liquor Jewish-schoo- l Shehas-seeh :" bY; tion iawMiss Sallie llart ana other ladies the 'Queens ' England and "the Queens the sad situation of tho Jewish children' in of Scotland." J raised and tent a it erected upon "Miss Strickland. she savs. interested; the American flag.; Hero they engaged in that.African city, pittied them, and conclud was born in tho county of Kent. EngEand. tho distribution of temperance tickets, when ed,to assist them.1 Her efforts, haver been omy iv. livu. x.ny in me sno snowed a a mob of infuriated Germans tore down the crowned with good success. love for history and soon made herself well Miss Fanny Townsley of Shelbufno Falls, I acquainted with the -- historical works and flag, attacked tholtent and grossly insulted the ladies.! I Wo learn tho above from an ex Mass.V. who has been teachimr arid doine the Eni?lishlclisslfai in f ft Ar;4,f AthhV Ho wli. change, and the! editor r sensibly,, common missionary: work during the last year, at fiUedlibrary. Sho rfrequemiy aniused :and upou tnetircumstahe in,,th.e.jfoUowing lan: Shelburno Falls ha3' been engaged to take instruth'eFbroihers and slstew by re- -' American j women; not to bo charge of the" Academy at Wilrainirton. Vt neatincr Dassac-e- from thn xrnrir- - hA--; guager-'Ar- e allowed to uso so peaceful and quiet a means Miss Townsley is ahoccasional contributor redd; and during her father's illhpqq road-- f n of aiding th6;temperance reform? Not only to Harper's Weokly and other journals 'I if him tho political events of the ..... day. deprived 6f a vote, but;they must not even Lady i Duflerin, tWife j of y; the Governor li distribute tickets to legal voters. - feaia.vo General who of ; ,Qanada,t. her accompanied! use A great artist of Boston, who excels in the ters could not bo; forced to accept or recent- visit i to tho United his husband in do animals, saw; . as ho; i vas passing painting tickets, but if they,cou)df iboduced 40 evis than ho,and ateis muchyounger so, the Voters had" certainly a right to vote through :one, of the fill1 4dentlyaladypfgrcat;cpW r a ; very .animated as Uiey;pleadiven,UtheyiurgM looking) bull.: ' V" eiecsuch moro barm to he is inr there would, like take him on can. numng matter,; 7 t ' man mo , argumcuu, r .km '.pvxwmxwn oi ino ownor. an- ei flfu.n iioneermg key and money VAy-- hftti:uyr .azaDein-AKe- rs .Alien (Florence an excellent likeness of: tho :buU which ho .jh,,;m, knd'to a wonderful degree for prom The poem- was written by her after, hd told; himhelhad ; sold tho picture comfort and power of man ; ana now li the Mother.' while a gin in juaine, upon a; streot of the. bull for $200,- .'fGood irracious!"- saldfollowing be true,3 thera is reason to hope of coarselactory writing-pape- r in which she the old manYhy, I would have sold hira;t brown that it may, in time do away with the; un had brought her noon lunch and while ine puu, ior less, than that7; ,v f ... Y smoko that wholesome and disagreeable ' W for tho hour-trecommenco her now causes rmany. localities tp be;both un waiting labor. Tt:rA bookbinder had a book brought him healthy and unpleasant; to work or live in. J&erald a Miss Charlotte to M.' Ford, graduate of a "Tho proprietors of the Cleveland rebinoV; After tho job was. finished ho have recently aDDlied an apparatus to their New York medicdl college and bf ,MtrHol-yok- e made the foliowing entry in hi3 office chimney Which i3 claimed to be a per to hcayen twehty-- , Seminary, is about to commenco'prac- - "To repairing tho Way r : ' ";"fect preventative of smoke and a great saver tico in Springfield, Mass. Sho will bo asso- fivocenfsrr '.'"'V' . , . -.ti- -fiho ; : fl - ... , lU-iAtr- 0srF . .t. . . ii.t,t ' , -- : - : -- : all : 1 : , , 1 . at-Tang- -- iers'r " ; . , 1 s ' ' ' - m : ptnu - oj''td . 1 . - - - - - o 7 s - - day-boo- k, - I 