ST-.-. -- resist- 'J Von ' i . I. J.i. . t 7 J, . l ' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER I, 1874 3. iff ,l ; ; No. 7. righteousness, not refusing, should occasion demand it, to live low and H6 hard to achive wo had the pleasure of per-- y ,iMiS3iEmma: Albani; the Albany prima the object of their lives, I do not here '(' Recently ddhna; is having an extraordinary success at urge anything: upon ;Others:that Tvshould using an: account of a lady) of this : place 'j the wife of a prominent citizen which' Covent Garden Opera, in .'Thomas's Mig- - have been unwilling to rdo' myself , when : ; ; l the j f'NewMexleo Advertiser non." aivi, , i young. Let me give you a lino bfV personal ' to improve my- published t at Las oiVegasHew' i Mexico. Uoton; has ' lWueathed SI history- - In 1848,Bshipg self in science, I wentK to the- university of Thinking it will be of interest cto rrianjriwe. TnserfICl"Mrsr EmtttHerlfeslerroneof 'the est to be devoted to the poor,ejTh wivesfCthe Mormon Bishop ? Ke3l er"of giving Day. mysel f, published V'h is transact! on "of th e Utah, after a stay of aboutsixjCmxmthsxin Miss Emily Addis Fawcett has received Bible-.- I lodged in ihe;i)lainejsf hiatiher, in v several parts of this Territory investigating thoroughly, our social condition, etc., stop--J the medal of the London Society for the En a street which,' perhaps; Jford va'approprUto and name whilel". dwelt 'upohitl'Itwascalled .., ped a few days in our city and starts this couragementof vArts.;;Manufhctures 1 the Ketzcrbachthe heretic's brook ihell-from t afternoon or y tomorrpw , for SHt Lake City, f Commerce, cameo a little historic rivulet runing through it via Pueblo. She was one of the pilgrims in cutting, to keep myBelf clean and hardy; to wished from I Tf- the great exodus Navoo, Illinois, the Miisf C. ibes lb war lias Turrieivf w- Jerusalem of sthe tJtahYVaUey,. aud, been appointed to the chief management of so I purchased a cask and had it cut in two , though theni the motherfqfeyeml phy(iren. theditorial '. department bfDr.: SpragueV by a carpenter. Half that cask, filled with she .possesses still a vfresh) f.complexioo; re-- "Western Farm Journal,1 and has entered spring water over night; was placed in my r small markable physical vigor.? and intellectual upon the "discharge and never during the years ' of her duties, , f that I spent there, in winter or in summer, jen crgy, j yh ich speaksj piore ji n?. behal f of t n e 33 Martha Mrs., 3Lagee, years old, of Cyn- had tho clock of the beautiful Elizabether- . mucn misrepresentea ana abused Mormons owns 400 thiana acres of land kirche, which was close at hand, finished County. Ivy., Ltnan, whole volumes could say. n 4i l ABOUT A' UTAH; LADY. if. TIIE SEX. ! J d;in ap--peare- -i -- nSan - 1 ; - ? 1 - i i , bed-roo- - m, . .sation with said lady has' afforded ds a real .'C5 JnteUectual treat.: ; v rAmong many tMhe JCesler remarkedihat Jf all tthe feuits l Irs. both the Mormou and .(Sentile schemes Should be .showri in ;paraUetlipes, Mormon- Sism rwith allits defects yout the victory. - For;in .Mormonisra every f Womaxi may- - have; .a-- husbaiid ftiid protector . if she wishes; Avhile inGentiiedom not even .vonoi third of, tho females can obtain a legal husband, in. matrimonyV:? the niytway. in bo crowned with the ..which, woman.1 canr . an tokc3 10 to market like other drovers. s W:Wpmanl:atid is ..respected: by lhe.otnor droyerg. T: , , rJrvv- ! ?;..iApY;iAm'berley7Hvho died a", few weeks since at her homof In England; is Well rre; inembered in New York for her intelligence, se, - vfvacity; and the deep "interest sho took in every enterprise that could elevate the so- cial condition or promote thel Interests of ' : f ; ; 1 Jh! women : Vt l'VrVi-45TWiWAii'-- nKBV 1 M 1 - " ; ri has ewOrleans, ' f0ro I was in my tub. For a good portion of the time I rose an hour and a half earlier 2 than this, working by lahiplight at the dif-- ferential.calculus, when the world Was slum-r.Bering around me. And I rlskedthis breach pf in my pursuits and this expenditure of time and money, not because I had any defi nite prospect of material profit in view, but because I thought the cultivation of the intellect importantbecause, moreover, I loved tmyuvbrk,:andur entertained! I,f the sureand certain .hope that -- armed? with knowledge, one can, successfully, fights one's ready publication a volume in memory of :;:Vi' iirt..--j Captain. Joseph Fry. commander of" Ihe ww .ajitho view u? "of others L&he addsJt is truth that it is chance that I , givingn A men r. to more honorable for a , woman to be a second -evotoTtho enjoyed that I proposo 7 or havo-sO'.ort third wife of an hbnest and, healthy, man ou the money: which frrt:f.v-surplus f I v I v 1; . generously poured in upon me. In.tho'edu-Mii- s. by,whom she. may .havo several, legitimate ..children than to be the first .concubine of a Mary C Wilber, widow .of the first cation of the young philosophers in 'Ger- . gentleman(?) vho, can only give t Jfer:(:basf president" of the Cincinnati Pemaie College, uany,I ought not, for their: sake to omit oiiel was 1 nonorea,. oy tne , degree of Ai aumuonai motive oy wnicn was.upheldat ..tards or be every, podyfs nariot lOr tbe.con-M. from as a that IjSideration of few pennies ujt happens Institution, ut its recent Com- tho- time hero referred to rthat was a sense iu wenueuom wnere owing j ine uieucemeuui mre. .ivnuer' is? one 01 ,me J U4 "w juvery young: man ox mgn. aims I J rRvfnl board off instruction, in fhn nnllpcro: Christian r.ivilizAtinn and abnormal,, must 1 tninJi, Havo a. spice of i ' i ': i 1 within him. There are sure to be : hours in u ; :i .rl m ;;r conditipu nioro than two thirds of: the. wo t men see themselves obliged .to ?pass , a sad tlTvis a jgood thing:for: women , to be able his life when his outlook will be dark, his :. "A " l to swimi Example; A few weeks aero, in work'difllcult, and .his intellectual . life., ,ti future LU Mrs. Kealerhas been several times at the! England, two boys went to bathi near JOng's uncertain; .; Over such 1 periods, ' when Vf the Utah, wros3,i irom a .boat near shore, - One .got stimulous of success; is absen t, hb j must be vpolls.castinghervote tor the rulers of ,a fact that shows the freedom and - respect beyond his depth, and would certainly have carried by; 1 his Asensq ij of r: duty j It may which the females of Utah enjoy. Wishing wuu uruwueu, iiau:uouno cries 01 nis comj riot bo so quick an' incentive I to, glory, but her apleasant trip," we leave to the wisdom PaQlons brought Miss Eliza ShaWi tan, excel- - is a nobler one?f and gives a tone to. the char' of pur readers any comments on these sad iem swiinrar, 10 uie waer, wno ;instantiy acter that glory ' cannot impart. That unplunged in; as. she was, and caughi the; hoy flinching devotion to. work, without .which facts and naked truths.'; , h , ho real eminence in science is now attainajust as ne was sinking. ble, implies the writing at certain times of ,i s,' the btern resolve upon: the students n characA corespondent of the San Josef'Mercury" ter: I work, not because ilflike to' wort, . asks the editor to explain why woman is YOUTHFUL EXPERIENCE.' but because' I ought to work-.- ' ;IU; science, to. represenipUnion, , (caryed in.stpne however; hope andIuty aroisure to bo renIime and. Jrutb, to ornament our ' The celebrated Prof. Tindal, In speaking dered identical in thb'encL J : : ' .. LJa.bu juv ouitiw.AU lilt; ,jxur. Oi nis own me, says: isot as a servant of rtional. ; rppreSent :,'lb-- 1 Mammon do I ask you to tako sciencei to quence ; should avoid publicty, yet represent your hearts,' bu t as the strengtliener and VLove," says an amorous writeri "is an uiay.nod sueait, irum , uxu puipiu. yei vutigiiiiw ui nit? juihu ui iikiti. luignt 1 yiuje, ff made the emblem of Truth? a wuru or iwy 10 inoso WnO in internal transport," ; The; same might" bo the ardor of youth feel themselves drawn saiu oi ii canal boat. towards science as a vocation. They jnust your honor Js not hurV .said a iI hope "7TF Mis3 Frahclsr Wrinkle of Lee, Mass.7 has if possiblerincrea-sethelrfaeHitytorigi-- : y to J udge G., who had fallen upon taken the prize of $10" awarded to the Iliirh nai researcn. prizincr Tar more than tho passer-ba "No," said. the. Judge, ..;ch'ooi students for the best composition on possession- - of wealth ah honorable standing slippery not honoris my . hurt, but my head oiaio .xuiai ' uanucucc iu science, xney muat, iminE:, do prepared sternly, .v.mj.wmuvv, - .. 13." 'at times, to suffer, a little for scientific , .v ociety. r:self-evide- nt - r: m'LiLi.. u. iF : ; ; V - , ; l 4 - so-raii- ea 1 ; : - this-principl- e ; 1 -- f . ; , ; : -- . r r , Elo-qiienc-e, 1 ! . ' : vajJAiUiT-u-nuwuu: ppeech-raaihg.'.y- ef f ! . ..... o side-wal- k. ;'; - V ; -- 