Bt ' r J O. I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " 3G - cases out of everv hun admit wbmen as"pupiis"on equal terms w i th would in nlrietv-nin- e t more even than this meh;;.u.Miss i Thorn nson's now celebraftid dred. And she will LOCAL. ; picture "Roll Call att tho Crimea has be- - for 3'our comfort if you "wiil but let her know Tho comet, thoonly .star thatcouhl "come that you appreciate her: efforts Praise ffir'etf . it7 with a tail.i has "crone fro m our raze,f the exhibitors at tne Royal Aciidemy tErig-- deavors to niakoamayeii lory out tffouglrr ...rThe 'grist mill vat American Fork; 7 be; land;;this oyearj we noticed theiames 7 of she may no succeed io yery well at firstSrid with renewed courago and strengthen faith lodging , to tne estate of the late D. it. Miss backhouse and Mrs.fE. M Wardthe the J5th ult.: 'loss paintings of both artists were commended. : I her pwn abilities, to please you, arid confidence Allen, was l burned-o- n oiUmated at $7,000..... .Since the freight on in your applation j ei fher effort she will GENERAL. was raised on the U. R? It.' It. , i quanti- The steamer "City of Guatemala.'! Ifro'm never fail to study your? wishes and to,exew uua ui mac . necessary article nave Dee n to Aspinwall, was lost off fono of cute them as far as possible. i r ,,n ,., . named irom tne . wcDer mines on wagons ewirk ......At the Horticultural Exhibition Miss the Bahamas: no lives lostit:A :5ro in the ; . a. walker received the t prize to be given Boyce building, Cn!cago,i.6uv.tha22hd:tilt;J to i the young lady who I should correctly destroyed property worth $250,000.;.;.. '1 TO SUBSCRIBERS, v'r Rochefort Henri in is Ai name thri larfrfi&t rlnrrirwvr ef ftnxvnrk: ftl Turn Indon..;. Jght occurred between the Indians and Rangers .!.CampbeiU Patterson iiwho .were .general TJ. Cieavalry on tho 24th. i Tho .Ran arid unma, the other for Siberia, paid this city a agents forihe ExroNENT, previous to the pres-":- a visit on their way. tTheyfiaro going tob-serv- o gers and cavalry were repulsed 1 with a loss ent Volume when we ' dropped 'Xhtii i&Tfta. ili the transit of Venus next - December or over fourteen; kulea including t ther com- - liave income ubscribei "to bankruptpshd manaer of they cavalry. i..iAnotheonreioc tKem for . . . i..ThoJIClift I Jlms&Jh corner i of cu ty went nUn Temple, and i3rd South .streets: has been ciirred at Chicago on the 30th; los3 3o,000 appointedt Pot Reiving their ;lat papers, but day a fire at Danbury Conn, de- as. we have Teceived rieithe names noFmoney District Court in it,- - also for offices for the stroyed Whiter extensive fur jfactories..v. .. w4 cannot tell who havesubscribM'iilLthe af-- & is trying to get th of great lipowers Yaira u. b. oflicials......Ad welling Germany illUt.i iriCrrn gxfiUftin MIl Wl.uutu jwas lately to recognize the Spanish linn, iijc jArw- pwnvu.f shattered by iighlninginBrigham Republic;il..Thd .n; City.. will thnjf suffer a eeriojus lossjviiitend Meliish has been nent rroi. u J. xnomas ia a public l card thanks widow of all those who took part In the musical exer. appointed to a $900:c!erkship Un thoI Treasr tojakeatters'saifsfact ? cises of tho grand Jubileo for their: :kind ury iepartment......Ons tho. 3Sth ult., tho thosewhoubscribed soawhllhewere .stortoof of kettle a i of boiling lard ana efficient aid" . . . ; jr. f P. Barnard vwhile upsetting firo a which to his home, six miles north of destroyed the landings of the who hold receipts from them will send 'us?''tb!:? returning i jrignam ujiy, lea Jrora nls wagon and died great Prince dock at Liverpool; damage same we will try and supply their full number " instantIy..V;..The ladies should remember estimatea at i,U0O,O00....Five men were of papers. : .n fair and bo ready to contribute Kiuea by the Indians m New Mexico on the r tne coming s 1? i.i 21st......The Grangers 1 have commenced meir nest productions to make i t interesting...!. .Acheap excursion from this Jcit'y to loading new wheat, . at San Francisco, for THE GR AND JUBILEE (( the market.. Tie ... Idaho foreign v; Mr; Goodrich; Tcr and Intermediate pla- Franklip, r of ccs is 10 iaKo place in a few days. Koah; grandson died lately Hn The;twenty.severith Anniversary or ; Webster,8 j rjtAh8 ' . .t:M Alahia; Switzerland, J "a terriSpaing !i was celebrated-othe 24th';uit.i "inV ble land slide destroyed the village;but few birthday" literary" lu vvij".." granu j uuiiee or gaDbatli School ; A: paper 'caiiea : thrChVua' No ivs ;escaped ; 200 corpses weroTecovered;t ?Jvz. prlntk' V1"4CA uuuer .me. auspices ior. tne rv in the.Chinese language1 has been started' in 1 Deieret Sunday School UnlonVlThou i 8an';Fftin was lair projected over a year ago,- - thejnter? ErtfaH autiifc left; three or Ifoiir ; mahiii . THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT: scrint pldys AVhich wilL shortly bo published nne.tooimejfo The "Worcester Palladium 8tiirtPfl in maturing the necessary arrangements to ' carry 1 834. 13 now out the edited and ntikislmrf hr :ihn f daugh ters of tiieiibunder, under the tiUo of 1'ORJVEI.fAIf. IIOIlNE. Business Mnnarer.' WecH iwhich.tho Jnbileo WWfffM f iieion wn 4inowlton & Co, waaheld, .wasrichly and uWuliy;.dcoatedil,': vfti s SPLINTERS. . W ? - .1 3 inr -- L -- f ( i ; 1 1 5 : . . j - ast' The-sam-e s(or-the-burTOso-orh61dinth'oThIrd , 5 " i. u - i V . 1. t n -- h SP1?""? 9i3vrni -- - &r7t ; SCIENTIFIC. f of I ;? i - r, v , . 5 . A new planet was discovered on "the night . Mi , Irrotin, at Toulouse ;ayj is th0"fourtirHdisc6veH;d iiri $ bgthe present year..;,.An exhibition is to be held in tho plais Industrie, Paris, .Sept 15, of all useful insects and their, products, also of all noxioas insects and the evils they com-mlr-, t ; - (: ,n ,',,. ; r hi . X 4 rablishcd t tl.ocionVThecolJeojtio and aci! music were priginalj and although; V companying Perhaps,:not perfect,! should be harbinger of diseonnt to fitu re home productions: that t willi bfe be tter - la Salt: Late City; Utalu Twras; One copj one year, 2.00; one copy sbc months,' 1 cn copies ior-- , mo price 01 nioc. rates: Eaeh Bqnare. cisrht lines, of nonnkr!l AaTcrtiBlnj; ? Umj3.00uXmMlCfWA: :r regular adTertisere. i. . liberal , miltedtourBdbba ; ' - " t f- -h: i!r Salt UkeCity, UUli.-- x hour, as participants and spectators, the greater portion, of course, being1 juyerille singers.-vThmusical exercises, which Iwas conducted by Aror J .Thomas was accomplished in a praise-wortmanner,r and with , -- e' f SALT LAKE CITY, August 1, 187i, Miss Susan K.:Dicklns6u;a siker of 3uS Aima D.J intnuds entering the field as a: lecturer,.;.. ;.Imogcn6, the daughter of. N. P. TO HUSBANDS.; V "i i Willis, tho poet having: married a spend-- ; tf thrift, is now compelled to drudge along iu Womerij like children, do bctterwhen praised poverty...,..Mlss Sallje A., daughter of Sam! ana encouraged than they can when "censured Bowels of, .the Springfield Republican,! hav- auu iuuuuiauii in,, nusuana. i you enioy ing married Mr. Hooker will toon "take a life at home letter wlien fcis urf bridal tour to.: Europe...; s.Gen.: 'Beauregard tempered and vears a smiling iace than yoada has.acceptcd;,tho; omco. of Chief under the influence of fretful fwo'nls ' and a of the ; Argentine Itepublic.. TheEngineer induce cloudy counlehance,"(loat ment was, $25,000 a "belini?t;spea year....Irs. Lincoln to her in a pleasant way and even to address is IniParis......Mrs.'.Mapleson,'wifo of the her with enaaring;;word?. She should dlrector.of Her Majesty's Opera, is Ijndon, to you w lien her face lears the imprest said.to bo.tho leading belle in Iondon of a cheerfaltand Joyingi soul; and you; need Ellen W. Harper is givnot consider it beneath your dtenltv-t- o sneak t lUinoli.;..-Mln!stcing Iectures;in Jewell is returning from St; Petersburg to assume tp her of these thing ' They are things of raieerfut ; words" and looks are'r the the duties or Postmaster Cleneml..;.Geik sunshine of the heart, ami they enliven and Garibaldi is said:tobehclplest: through gladden- - it as .t he sunshine 0 f su m mer does the IL W. Beec.her is sixty-on- e verdure of earth If kindlyljncouraged to" do years old. will not a wife learn to cherish a mild sweet AUtlSTl(;. spirit, that she may be pleasing to the husband Tho Academyof St Euke-- an art "school she Joves, even if she wero;naturalJv rivn at Rome has lately' adopted a resolution to '.cross irritable We think she certainly way? f- ft ? Jet -- hy ed was-interspers- I fromIVesidfnt Xoungprominent gentlemen.? . General i satisfaction speeches - and-;othe- r w seems to have been i ven,K and theubliee niay be looked upon. as su(s?.r:7 . Much credit is dde to 3 genUemeriran? ladies, com:?; ajrid Sunerif ?itr Js ft prising the executive, committee, forrlheir in "u defatigable labors . in. cOnsumating this majr-. niHcient affair, i i l ;b$-beautifu- Bocie-ty..;.Mrs.:Fran- ce3 ! -- -- .lm-lorta!i- tiar-nlysis.;v.,.lt- ev. - L " ExiKJncnt Office, ion Wrist 1"mnlo St nifiW TTIfftf Hrtti4li St..' ODPOSite Cit7" Market TIarO mprc interesting man any Imported, hnnmif frnm - - . Rnsinmi wtim r S ' ' a. hi. to 4 p.m. cn Mondays and Fridays. Immense crowds from this, and Utah, Davis T ' Aoarcss nil nnsiness ommnrlcatlonB a"d ..Welri4 counties,; collected , t at .rati rlttWisljer AVomN's Exvix&txTf $mV yearly i .... PERSONAL, -- scmi-montW- y, for . ce. 1 .... UTAir gazktekr : ' .j ' J " 1... J - 1 " ' ft ,. have received acopy of Mho '"aazeieeV of Utah and Salt take City ' Directory edited' " Ed by ward SIanjEsq.Jt'is of convenient ske, the binding Keems to bo durable and the " print clear , From a brief ernm in n fAV ! :i Ju dge the contents to be -- weH'arra n'wf Va f value to every one who is engaged in business' ' or wA0twishes for information concerning City andrUtah affairs.. : For fale the Herald Of . : rr; 7 7 ; r..;;: fieerprlce$5., ' " " ; . 