WOMAN'S EXPONENT 130 -- . I' - A LETTER. For the Exfoxent ? WAY SIDE GEMS. ITii7l873r-- 7 My Dear Sisters of the 11th Ward Ketrench- - MountPleasant, Cease young sister, young and air, All thy useless thought and care ; No -F- ollow-oiiitinollleslraln, -- A11 her senseless arts disdain". With pleasure will memory ever recall your dear names, and bright, happy faces: And oursacred associations in singing, praying, and exchanging ideas, are cherished as the sweetest and holiest reminiscences of my life. 0! would that I could ever feel that heavenly influence that I have so often experienced, when surrounded by you ray Gather for thy future life Gems with precious knowledge rife; Gems of endless heauty rare, Gems, not for thy glossy hair, Gems whoso splendor will outvie 'All ihattt bright . tmHPiir- - G ems of u n tol d countless cost, beloTeHMerstIIw In the giddy whirl of life, Mldst Its scenes ofJealous striwf presence if il neve Treasures rare, whicVpblished bright, Gleam with everlasting light: All that's good and puro of earth To these treasures owe their birth. Go then, fm thy youthfut mind With all things noble and refined. Jfot the richness of the dress, y But what hearts and minds posses r; . True respect and love will win Not all without nor all within; But when nicely blent with caro All fair within, without is fair. A. B.C. A Youner Ladies Retrenchment associa tion was organized in the 16th Ward of this city on Saturday the 24th ult. Miss Mary Williams was elected President. The occa sion was one of interest. Eliza R. Snow, Mrs. Home, Mary E. Cook and. others spoke words of instruction and encouragement to: the occasion.. Their (the young ladies) motto is 'Impro vem en ti ,? - May th eir efforts be crowned with success. ap-propre- ate 4 : S. M. K. FROM DIXIE. - . St. George, Jan. 15, 1874. ; or- most truly do I of 1?angelsand XI t t i be- - - .1 f . . ' Z mey nngereu near, rejoicings in iu words of the humblest childwho endeavor ed to raise her voice in the cause of He trenchment. .7T For tho Exponent. Since being deprived of the great privi- LANGUAGE. o of joining you in these meetingS7I have frequently desired to write you a few When there are so many pleasant and ex of my ideas of life, and the numerous duties connected therewith. Earnestly desiring pressive words and phrases in the English to be inspired and dictated by the Spirit of language, it seems a pity that any one should Truth, I give you the following thoughts, be foolish enough" to "make use of slang hoping they may prove beneficial to you. phrases, and vulgar words. Especially is Often do I reflect upon the mission of wo- - this manner of speech unbecoming and unman: and of the great opportunities afford- - dignified when proceeding from the lips of ed us in these Societies, of "preparing "our- - young ladies. Yet I regret to say, that even selves for the great work of life. To me, it here among the daughters of the Latter-da- y seems more adapted to this purpose than Saiats, it is becoming far too prevalent. I any other organization upon the earth; for am sure that young ladies who indulge in in addition to the natural capabilities of the use of slang talk, cannotlrealize how it women, we have the spirit of revelation to grates upon the ear of a refined and well aid us. If wo lived up to our privileges, educated person, or they would never suffer how wise would be the women of Utah! themselves to speak any such unnecessary Though sad is the fact, it is too true that wrords. How it sounds to hear a young lady answer very many of this people are careless and a negligent in regard to, religious matters, question with "Not much.'v or "Not for The young do not Joe!"or remark if a statement is made,"Oh cessity of preparation for future usefulness. that's too thin!' I think if the orijrin of Momentary pleasures occupy more time and such low phrases was known to all the girls thought than do the stern realities of life. they would never be spoken by any of them. But if woman ever fills the holy, sacred But even were there nothing w'orse attached station designed by the great Author of her to them,(as the following in a measure after uuitig, it is uy looking me Draveiy in me me iasnions oi ine oase ana ignoranr,; sucn face,. reflecting upon her duties, and by care- - expressions give evidence of bad taste and a fui preparation for those duties. Then let want of proper culture. Let them not e ureflect upon wharit is the desire of every known a true woman to accomplish- - to live a noble theJeachings and examples we nowltaveT" life of usefulness. Oh! maywe never let We should be above anything that could be an opportunity pass of doing good, for every counted unworthy of the best societies. kind word, every kind act will be as dia Nell. mond stars in our crowns. Our merciful Father desires his children to assist and A SURE HELPER. bless each other; and though we may con stantly impart our knowledge, our wisdom, How often we say, in great anxiety, "Who our kindness and love to others, the foun- - shall roll us the, stone ? and when' we tains will bo still undiminished; and these look again, away behold "the stone is rolled virtues, by being used to the glory of God, away," though it was very great. Every and the benefit of his children, will become time God helps us out of a difficulty, we the brighter, the more potent, and power should return and give glory to Him, and ful; and our hearts will abound with joy and then go on our way with joy and fresh courpeace. "Then let our lights shine." By age. We should often review4he circumkeeping the Spirit of the Lord we will have stances, and see how God was at work for light, cheerful hearts; and how glorious is us, maybe in distant places, at the very tho influence of such spirits in the home cir time of our how he was ordering cle. Here I deem Is woman's true field of events and trouble; of men's disposing wills, so a3 to labor. To our parents, how much we are us we needed. It is un- bring just the help indebted for all their loving kindness: but PhricKnn k ,n f q nnnnnit tux iuc ifiuru luey crave , ior vears oi pnn- - IIIgood luck." "All our steps are num stant, unselfish love, is our. gratitude and bered." Let us learn to see God's hand in obedience. Then should we not freely give all.that befalls us An old man who had these ? Andmorerbypur gentle Jove, been should we not seek to comfort and ch'eer had long engaged in business said, "I have my ups and downs, but as T review my their declining years ? And much, indeed, can we assist them by our influence and ex life, those things which I thought, at the time, most against me have proved the best ample in governing the younger brothers for me even temporally, besides teaching and sisters of the family. In this, her first me submission to Him wrho rules the nr-- M uwuic, wuujau s power oi useiuiness is very c,i,irt . , R. S. REPORTS. I?-:"- sumes the sacred position of wife and of mother! Would it were in my power to impress upon your minds the necessity, as I feel it now, of preparation for these most important offices in life. Study, reflect upon these things! Seek to develop the faculties of your minds, and improve well your time in gaining useful knowledge; and especially seek ,to understand the principles of the gospel. Cultivate the love of truth and righteousness, and God will bless you and give you His Spirit to aid and guide you aright. : That you may each one have long life, health and strength and power to overcome life in the Kin dom. . anfJ s st f- i- Who ties res vour irood v . voiir faith and prayers. Elus R. Siiipp. Deak Exponent: St. George is now enjoying a sweet, gentle rain. Since wo have been here, we have seem-torealize-the- Jie to had but one-haday's rain, until hinder the workmen on the Temple. I never before saw the roads about St. George so ; rood as they have been this winter. Thero are sixty, men at work on the fourida tion of the temple, and a hundred and fifty in the quarries, hauling rock, lime, sand and other material. . The ground where the tem ple is being built is so tinctured with min eral that it will dissolve sand stone and limestone in three yeafs for this reason the foundation and basement are built of black volcanic rock so very hard that the mineral does not effect it The boulders "from which it is quarried resemble cast iron, and it lbs. more per cubic foot weighs thirty-fou- r than sandstone. These stones are hauled off the mountain west of St George about two and a half miles. We expect tho whole of the black rock will .be laid by tho first of February. About one hundred and eighty cords were yet necessary to finish the work when we camo here. Large quantities of red sandstone are already on the ground. It has to bo hauled about two miles; and fif teen hundred cords of this beautiful rock will be required to complete tho temple. The quarry from which, this sandstone is obtained is worth visiting. The Saints hero seem healthy and prosperous; their meetings are well attended. 1 met with the Relief Society on Tuesday parents, brothers and sisters. If her respon- a had a attendance and last, largo splendid oiumtiea are great in mis era or her life, A blonde woman is considered a fright W. Batiisiieba Smith. meeting, how much are they increased when she as-- in Russia. to-da-y, lf . w -- V I -- .m c-- uj . 