V' ' ' ' ROMAN'S, EXPONENT. For the Expo x ext. can say that I.do not feel at all discouraged ; for the Gospel .truth7 truly grow-s- ; brighter and brighter to me. And I am resolved to press forward "toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of our God in REFLECTIONS ON CHARITY AND GOOD WORKS, . BY III D. COIXIKS. ; True, godly principles evinced In actions good and kind. But seldom fail of skill to heal, And to reform the mind. The stranger feels the lenient hand Of charity and grace; Xo longer doubt that God is love, When thus we learn his ways. 'Let rour4ight so shine before men. that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in Heaven." Mathew, 5th : lGth verse. " 3 7 I beliovo that every kind and charitable deedoraetthat iswrou co-work- ers T wellingj-Xowe-sha- lf ; norianceoriSaI vat ionBut-we-havo- -a prototype of divinely better morals, which teaches us to love our enemies, bless those who curse us, da good to those who hate us and pray for those . who. despitefully use and t law of nature, a law of God. There is a tie of affection, a -- cord of love, carded by acts of friendship, spun by patience, and sized by the milk of human kindness. And this woven by continued endurance, will, form a mantle of charity that will cover all defects of the human heart and make perfect union. .;;;. ''rL:::l:l-r;SWoman tis man's teacher; from the cradle she begins to form his character; and his future, whether good or bad, is more or less the result of woman's training. Hence, the necessity of woman's school. She should gather wisdom from the fountain of all intelligence, and her fund of knowledge should be inexhaustable-lf-s- he realizes the- -, Christ Jesus," keeping, this heavenly attainment or prize in view, and closely adhering, to my abiding motto, "Faith, Hope and Perseverance." I believe there is no opposite power that shall be able to stay our onward progress unto victory, nor separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus, if we neglect not our littlo duties of each day. And I would here say to my be in the-- kin loved, friends and ld patience of Jesus Christ: Let us not be slothfull, neither let us be wearv in extent'of KeTmIssIonl3narth;hermoment5 influence of divine grace, or through love wo faint not. That we who bear the name and respect to the word and commandments of Christ may so fulfill our missions here, as of God, the same will be recognized and ap- to gain an eternal exaltation in the Kingdom probated of God: in all cases where suffer of our God, is my arden t hope and prayer. ing humanity require those acts, whether the supplicant be called saint or sinner. AlWOMAN. though, I think the latter has sometimes t i beea jvainly s u bsti tufedasTaf6Unda on for Woman what art thou? A mere w objectionable causes, and excuses for negneed. in of even circumstances which has so cumbersomergrown that it is special lect, But this theorem, ! consider no model for to be plucked and burned as stuble? Or art us, who profess to bo the disciples and fol- thou from the animal creation of that por lowers of Jesus Christ, for we do not acquire tion which has become so numerous that it our moral virtue, or system of practice, pre is worthless because of its number? The pearl says, "I am sought from my cepts and rules through the crafty and churlish devices of worldly and wicked in- hiding place because of my worth." Man, fluences where there is neither foundation for what sought ye woman? To gratify the I. i ofthv naturetheanimal lower-passio- ns w , - - ornament the mind.-- Her bounds should not bo limited to the mere menial duties of life, . she should be allowed a free pass to the store house of knowledge, that she may acquaint herself with facts that will enable her to mold and frame mechanically, the character and consequent course of future generations. Woman should aspiro to dwell on the pinnacle for which nature has designed her as the mother of nations. Heaven has endowed woman with powers so suited to her calling, she watches the cradle of sleeping innocence,and with vigilance aids the steps of youth to manhood; and with gentle train1 and ing, with affection, stamps woman, v in-- . has She mother, on its every thought. spired in man's heart a desire to take a partner in life, a "fac simile" of his teacher in childhood.--An-d as his dreams fraught with such vivid recollections, how can he fail to behold the beauty of woman, and love her as his mother, sister -- man? Or was it to add more brillianey,and more stars to thy. crown? Thus a high and holy nature to gratify, a nature that charac terizes a Damon a Pythias a God! The Bible ' declares that man (mankind): the noblest and wife? P ersecuteshafe-weaybe-the-childr- en "I'lltky." of our Father in heaven. We understand work of God was the last that was placed POSTAGE ON PltlNTEI) BIATTER. that Christ came not to call the righteous, on earth, and all other- things were formed for the esnecial benefit of man: also but sinners to repentance, and for this end By request, wo publish the following list should we not labor ? "Know ye not," saith that God pronounced man and woman one the apostle Paul, "that if ye convert a sin- flesh. God .took much pains for manand of "present postai ntites orrprintednmatterr ner from the error of his ways, ye have sav for woman as she is a part of man:) to con sent to any part within the United States. The postage, per quarter of three months, ed a soul from death, and covered a multi sider his necessities, to bring from. chaos for his comfort. He toiledlsix on newspapers, and magazines, not weightude of sins ?" And I believe that Gospel . and organize o four ounces each, is, to regular sub- over nut or deeds as we words thousand read of be ing six years, it whether days, charity, being administered in thel spirit of loving woman was essential, and necessary to com- scribersj for a kindness, "will, with; God's help, result in plete the great design, and He saw that He Dailies, (seven time3 Week).i..........octs. ...o.u (six times a.weeK) much good. And if the effect does not im- had mado an achinsr void in the heart of a Tri.weekiies.;....;.;;;.v;7v..;..;. mediately appear, the administration may, :manrttet;)uldbtvbe-'fiHe-withouta..co' it x after many days be brought to remembrance, pan ion. and that was .woman. He also de ... ft (i and be the very means which God may use creed that she should bo called by man his Weeklies G " in His 'providence, to bring about timely mother, his wife, and they, one flesh.r Then . 3 conversion and heartfelt gratitude to Him. man, what are you doing when you allow Monthlies. . . . I But let faith and works be combined in all one portion of yourself to go to decay, and Quarterlies mid in advance, our contributions of charity, and special acts with your own hand kindle a consuming - These rates .must be at office where of kindness, that Ihey may be approved of fire to destroy, or sever from you that which either quarterly or yearly the or magazine is received. God. and attended with divine blessing. God designed should bo a part of yourself? i 2 cents t lor each: two; ounces or Books, Then we shall see the afflicted rejoice, and Tha'fc nirh tnr in which voiir trlorv rests O ' v of Gckl in this man behold her worth! Think ye there is fraction thereof. when they find the of mercliandis?, metals, ores andto God for your steward no amountabilitv Samples mauo oe wuu our nearts uim, gmu, way, .zis . on iw ?i i wo uuutp ui shall be led to rejoice in the riches of his ship of this refined portion of hi work? Is speci mens, cenlimited to twelve ounces. on your part, to estab- fraction thereof; goodness, being made the hopeful instru- there no responsibilityhusband?. And when Single newspapers and an omer pnnieu ments of his grace in saving souls from lish your identiy as a God to or miscellaneous maiiurj uaiujji uwm; . -beore covenanted multihave or sacredly you of and preventing covering death, occasional publications, hand tudes of sin. If we labor for righteousness' love, and cherish, and to fulfill all duties pamphlets, dook manu ; pertaining to the holy order bills, circulars, proof-sheetsake, our reward is sure. Finally let us and obligations i3 there no trust to which script, . photographs, etc., also seeds, cutstrive with'all diligence and pray earnestly of matrimony, eaph two If not, then tings, bulbs and roots, 1 cent for that our hearts become sanctified to God, you are bound to be faithful? none. But to thy God thou ounces or fraction thereof, all of which must hast at wife thou whether we all that do, and holy pure ' for .Ho be prepaid. : home or abroad may be done in righteous- - art bound to over love and respect, In for newspapers, in thy organipublication Manuscript ness, and with an eye to his glory; for by has established :His identity postago is etc. f charged letter agazinev ' rr "shall be judged. I believe zation. our works-wreachrates . , that in this great and last dispensation of the Wnmiin 1fVw with- her vine like nature,i ZCRltn no are of letters cut fromstamid twimnsT. a.rivcsLat,Jicr .?if r,r m.ifh mntiir.1 inrr: Stamps T ed of the people of God, both to do and tojif she has a staunch support. Although her use ior postage. greatest weight allowed for any packendure. And without the whole armor of nature.fecblo and pliant, may be in a state of The been blunted by ago of printed or miscellaneous matter is has a if it wantfor found time, be shall we apathy think godliness, I feel for one, that I have much to do-- a rude hand, which perhaps has carelessly, four pounds avoirdupois. ing. and much to gain before I shall be able to 'thoughtlessly deprived .it of its object, rorlkndhns a population cf 10,000 to the fquaro suffacient recovers strength, i it this! When it again accomplhh altogether a good purpose another object; for this is a ir.Ue. point of view. But by the grace of God, I it will roach for - A . I . , , . . . . , . mi Semi-weekiie- s. Semi-monthli- es the-newupap- sah-atio- n er ! . 1 - s, ; , " - e " -- " ' - ' ' r - :' I - 