SPLINTERS. The late Senator Sumner was the owner of t ho Bible which formerly belonged To Jo in Bunyan . . . . ..Twenty thousand dollars w ii lately cleared in two weeks; by a mis-s- i m fair in Boston.. ;.;.Pr; n Ed ward Warren -- writes that there are erood opportunities I for foaialo dentists in Egypt, as the women are lUrUiUUCU . Willi JlitJU, .iHU tlJCre IU are already three or four English woman Carl Rosa dentists practicincr in Cairo. cr a Scholar-- ? intends found in a "Parepa-Ros- they live and labor ini i sacred peace, inever For the Expose;t . ; 7 ', ::: v .REFLECTIONS, a word of fault iindinir is heard or a sorrv I Under the above head, thoughts on al things may bo circumscribed with which we have: to do. The education of the. young, chiefly, occupies my mind. , Some-- teachers contend strongly that what they call 'gym- nasties are of the greatest, benefit to develop and strengthen the nerves and; muscles ,of vuuuj ; Miojvuuj, where no; better employment can :be Had: But I think .if thero could be a; piece of land properly fenced in with each --school ; -- shiptQn4h expended2;ffi3u fr seen. Mark, this Is where real union exists in the household. Though this simple and brief description of a happy family may seem too pleasing to begenerally accepted as truth, it js nevertheless a' reality that there are some such lrs 'of'.whom Again, consider a Society of it can be said, "They truly accomplish .wonders. Besides taking caroM of the .destitute and the sick, they have sent means to asslstin bringing the poor Saints from foreign lands, have already ; .. , builtfprthemselves a flne Society-Hairan- d purchased for the Wardjabeautiful s rame tal service. eonies of thei- rbeing one i n their efforts. Their Pres'identis like a "mother an;t and work with heV as such1. - T hUz description is, we are giaa 10 say, noi one or lancy due one of n The Latter-daSaints as a chiirch, and as communities or branchy uni ted inbtl) -- heayenl ;1 'earthiytnlngs, and though some approximate than others, all should strive tp "fulfin as fast as possible, ne of the cardinal principles pf. the Gospel ofJesus; namely, to be united m JalUi, prayers and gpoq works,-heras well as. hereafter; fsf4...:': A peopie or nation tn us united In. their sen- timents and in their practices, so governed by tjieir cSrn consciousness of right ana, their own sense oX individual as well aspubjic f interests singers in Italy..... .The, last portrait of the boys and girls were allowed to have Par- - each a light ho pripadewitlLwJiickiacuii ; CharlesiSumner was xwinted Edgar - ker of, Boston . . ... .A treaty of extradition tivate the earth, it might prove very ad van has been officially proclaimed, to continue tageous. L Each having a piece of ground ten years, between - the United States and allotted according to the age, to cultivate EcuadoK... mariin Pittston, New York, anything he brtshellriipfcKoose, Choice enraged at his daughfers persistent purpose should be made of vegetables, plants, or to marry against his will,? beat her so terri- - flowers which? will mature in one season, bly that she barely lived to meet and marry Such a plan might bo jpursucdin a wayiita A correspondent 'of the f'Ru- - encourage a love of beltig useful, h Where her lover ral New Yorker," takes the. singular ..,"non; as, jumping the rope, running races wrest-d- e plume" of Wild Glri.:?.John PJ ?IIali ling and all like games are often injurious. was the first man irk the erifeyfdaybea'tej . ; And againyl believe that too many, studies universal freedom- - without regahl " to col- - arenot beneficial 1. but hurtml., Readhisf or; a movement, to have his statue placed writing and arithmetic are aU, sufficient, till in the Capitol is on tbotiV... Mr. Rosa has these branches 3re(well,,undere luunueu a scuoiaranip Jin me xvoyai icauemy gieurapiigrainmeranu .elocution; ana of Music, London in memory ; of his wife, after these, the higher branches of led Rosa.. ....It has been incorrectly tion. In this way the student "may become stated that Saxe Holm is a young, unmarried a good scholar in a shorter time than if crowd-woma- n would naturally become with tftd blessings of self reliant power in any living in the interior of New York ed with all these branches at once. I am God a State....A gjrl6usweddInff'Te.entiy took sorry to say that I have seen some boys re- land. And what could prevent such a people place at Corvallis dregon, the parties, were quired, to study six or weight different from receiving the blessings of Heaveri? Who a Chinaman and an Indian 'woman J..iXon- - branches in one day. In this way only a of the members of the icsoncbrdant multitude, don is to hayea 'OIusical Artists' Society," smattering of each is obtained and none of could comtemplate the 'noble generous lives of their ui wmuu one vi uie oojecia win OC- - to give ineiii perieeieu. without feeling to ask God to trials and performances the meritorious to best 6w HU hest girfs and richest favors tipon Elizabeth T. Heward. works of the young composers.. ....Prince Draper, Utaii.; them? And all soliciting; alike the same diKalakaha lias1 been elected King of the vine obligations: would a Sand wich Islands. ..i .Queen Victoria has re unity of faith as to call down the, xety blessceived a portrait of her new daughter-in-laTHE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ings tho Grand Duchess Marle done by GusIt will be such a people that the Lord will tavo Richfer as a present from the Emprcs delight to own and bless. For He has said L. GBHENE EICHAEDS, EDITOS. of Russia,. ....The use of balloons for the Except ye are one, ye aro not mine." conveyance of mails is seriously proposed "by DrrStephansf the director of thePnis in Salt L&ke City, Utah." XermsY Pdbhsbed copy one year,2; one copy, six months, tl. Ten copies sian post offices... ...... Following are the One A GOOD BOOK. for the price ef nine. Adrertisinc rates: Each square, efcht names of the officers elected for the Union lines of nonpareil space, one time, 12; per moLth, $3. Campbell k Patterson, General Agents, East Temple street, r 'Hill's Manual has been handed to; us for Pacific Railroad; Sidney Billion, of New Salt Lake City. Mta Cornelia IL Horne, Business Managftr. Office hours consideration, by Mr. James England of Plain York, President; Elisha Atkins of Boston, from 9 to 12 a, m., and from 2 to 5 p. , on Mondays and Vice President; E. IL Rollings Treasurer Fridarg. City. After a brief inspection, we can-- say that : business all Addrads communications to ' ...... Cincinatiwholcsalo liquor dealers rev we view, it as one of the best books of its kind Publishers Woman's Eipoxkxt, port a falling off of their ,sales Salt Lake City, Utah. .Young that has ever been brought to our notice. -- Its ladles carry round tho contribution plates at object is to enable the writer, Bitting easily and a fashionable church in New York; and the gracefully at the desk, to ex press thought SALT LAKE CITY, May 1. 1874. to is said be thus benefited treasury greatly plainly, rapidly, elegantly and correctly; and ......The Iowa Legislaturo,and also the lower tha great 'variety of subjects upon which it ofHouse of the Legislature of Rhode Island, fers information, is calculated to aid materially UNION IS POWER. have passed acts providing for constitution in this very desirable accomplishment, as well al amendments giving women the right of Is o fair estimate can 'be, given of the great as in niahy: other respects. The book be suffrage... ...It is stated that "Max! Adeler" good which results to a family, a community, procured at., reasonable rates from themay above is George II. Clark of tho Philadelphia or a people, through a willing and intelligent named gentleman, who is "agent for it; and "Bulletin"... '...Cornell University has re- union in purpose and action, for their mutual doubUessy&ll who subscribe Yor 'it, rhen they ceived portraits of Lowell and Agasslz, come to. test its real value, wili consider the painted by T. B. Carpenter, as presents Whatever the so much money, well calling or occupation of a man price of obtaining from President Whlte..... A New York pa 'it, ' ' of his spent.; ; a name given may be, he needs the hearty per tells of a "kettle-drum,- " to loan Informal rnntlnn TrHnninr n; hnH family insure success and happiness, And of a Ward or the President ' pastthreo P.M. at which tea and cake are so with the Bishop HOME AFFAIRS. the only refreshments served, which i3 done of a People. j ; e There are,among the Latter-da- y Salnti, chiefly by the lady of the house, herself.:.... The twentieth ultLwai a rainy disagreea young1 men; of Eton school proixsed, In lies,associations and neighborhoods which may. ble day ,yet many people were'oii t at ' the tlme their enthusiasm, to draw the carriage con- - be regarded as bright examples, Illustrative of of the arrival of President ' Vounr and Party, taining the. Duko and Duehes3 of Edln- - the value of unity in views and action. from the railway station to Windsor serve the household where the husband and anxious to welcome them on their return from Castle but Queen Victoria modestly refused fatherworthy of his position, has the entire the South. The President reached home in to let them bo the Jiorses ' pro tern Fe- - respect and confidence of his wife or wives and excellent spirits and moderate health. ; male teachers get $3.50 a week in Maine: children, i How The Display of. spring hats and. parasols, not enough to pay for their board and lodg ho leads; how gracefully, orderly and harmoni- once more a and And-allthi- , ' y - , .' e uca-Pare- pa self-sustiinir-ig, . : ! fellow-worker- s, J i - 1 tnere-inot;l'6ucb- '' w, S0Ughtr'--;:---:"'"yr- semi-monthl- p y, ,r , : m-- -- ; r ": . well-bein- g, on - -- Canii-Th- Ob-bur- gh . gives lively cheering; appear ance to our city; while corresponding sights and L' fi rr iFTfini 