faith in him, also for persevering to see him; Rich, Erasius Snow, Franklin D. Richards, and after detaining me fifteen minutes over George Q. Cannon, Brigham Young, Jr., Joseph the fifteen seconds; he arose from his chair l.F, Smith and Albert Carrington. and escorted me to the door. ' i PRESIDING PATRIARCH. In conclusion, let me say, whilst the "John Smith, the eldest son of the martyred World lauds his fame, it would seem to : mo to be ungrateful, to the illustrious dead, Hyrum Smith. to let his kindness to us, and our cause, be "first seven presidents of the seventies. buried in oblivion. "Joseph Young, Levi W. Hancock, Henry Elizabeth Davis. Herriman, Albert P. Rockwood, Horace S. Fourteenth Ward. Jacob Gatesand John Van Cot t. "These seven constitute the Presiding Council over all the Seventies.- Each quorum of TTT AT C V" mTTTl "T "XT ttV SPLINTERS..: " J:f , J Stockton, Cal., V ' to have a street, railroad i..;It is said the lawyers on the Boston .School Committee voted to admit the lady members to seats, while the clerical memA boiler explo bers voted against them sion at Blackburn, England, lately killed twenty persons and severely wounded many others... .....The steamer "Grace Darling? went ashore off the Scotch coast during the recent gales, and fifteen of her crew were drowned; also four men belonging to the1 station, lost their Iivos in the at 13 1 , El-dred- fcmpttor turo of Ohio has passed the bill allowing the women right Of suffrage 48;to 30. The people will have to vote upon the question A T - L. GEEENE EICHAEDS, EDITOE. nf rublisfied Termsi ld,W,. ...... nnVrtn VAiir. 2? nnnr.nnv.sir mnnfha l Ton rates: Each square, eight The Free Medical College forLJVOm en, COll- - for the price of nine. Advertising one lines apace, per moi in, j.s. uiue, ferred the degree of M. D. upon fourteen Campbell partii fc Patterson. General Aeents. East Temnle street. L.aKe city. lady graduates, eight from New York, one bait Misa Corn lia H". Horn. Businesa Manar. Offieo hours each from New Jersey, Maine. Massachu from 9 to 12 a. m., and from 2 U 5 p. m., on Mondays an t . Wisconsin and Mis Frida'S. Rhode vntM in IN fnvnr if will hfcnme a. tn-ji- Island, setts, souri. y, "'"".I----- ;Wv. , " , o . un , :-- -"'' Address all business communications to Publishers Woman's ExroxENT, " . . Salt Lake City. Utah. ' SALT LAKE CITY, SENATOR SUMNER. Salt Lake City, March Sister L. G. Richards. 2Gth 1874. April 15; 1S74. THE NEW TEMPLE. I Seventies has seven presidents to preside over orunu. presiding Bisnop. iidraril3Hun ter,JPresident of the, Aaronic Priesthood. "lIIS COUNS ELL0RS "Leonard W. Hardy and Jesse C. Little. "St. George Temple Block was dedicated, November 9th 1871. rr ; 'ngd. by David McKenkie The following is the list of books, papers, etc., placed with the plate in the box, namely: Bi ble, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Hymn Book, ; Compendium, Catechism, Spen cer's Letters, .Voice of Warning, E. R. Snow's Poems, Orson Hyde's Tour to Jerusalem, Three Sermons on Polygamy, Answers to Questions, Two Volumes of Millennial Star, I and XIV, One Volume Journal of Discourses, One copy "Mormon" Question, One copy Plural Marriage, one Volume Juvenile Instructor, One copy Laws of Utah, A file of the Woman's Exponent, A few numbers of Deseret News, containing organization of the Church, One copy of 'Acts of First Legislature, A few numbers of Ogden Junction, A few numbers of Salt Lake Herald, One number of the Utah PosTen, Synopsis of Description of the Temple at Salt Lake City, by Truman O. Angell, Church Architect, Abstract of the History of Southern Utah, by James G. Bleak, historian of the Southern mission. t The following interesting items have appeared have now before me a picturo of the Lite Hon, Charles Sumner. Ho has been in the daily papers, and may not be new to eulogized by the American Nation, also by many of our readers. But feeling desirous of the dwellers in the old world for his native preserving the account as an important link in goodness, integrity, and fearless firmness in. the history of (he church, we give place to it every move, -or measure against hn pur journal. defending . . " ana wrong. On the 3lst of March, at 12 o'clock middav. a injustice . , 1 .1 T x leei a uesire 10 oay a lew uorus w me deposit of records, nlate containing sketch" ' of readers of the Exponent, concerning this hft nrcronir.it inn of th nhnmh etc w mnri great, and good, man. After the Cullom Bill, fnlhft wfllI of t,mTftmnlfi flt RL initsmodifiedformhad passed the House (jent B Yo de site(l the box of Representatives, every effort was put the records in the place prepared at containing the south- forth by the "ring," to have the Uragin Bill, east corner of the building, and offered the m ine senate, nraver." passed l dedicatory ir T i i! "tr !J! .1 it., ume. uiu jl was resiuiugiu ai on the occasion, besides wusningiuu There were I had never me or been introduced to Mr. President B. present Young, Presidents George A Sumner; but determined to call on him and Smith, Erastus Snow, Joseph A. Younr, and J get him enlisted on our side if possible. John W. Young; Elders Jlobert Gardener, A. v On at his residence, his mah-ser- - a " -- 1 " I ft- A 1 A 1 I nnr: p: : 1 - arriving he had positive orders to admit no one that day, I told him, my business would admit of no delav: he said he was sorrv. but h0 dared not take my card to Mr. Sumner. I replied, Then I will go in unannounced, if will show mo the way.' Ho hesitated, then said "If you dare go, I will show you." After being shown, I just stepped inside his Office door. Mr. Sumner arose from his desk with a paper in his hand, and looked notatall pleasant at the intruder. I bowed gave my name, and told him that my busi- ne&s was imperitivo and 1 hoped he would pardon the intrusion. His answer was quick ana sharp, "Madam 1 can give you seconus." saiu l, 'man you oir, l ininy can uo wiui niieen uc piaceu jub. acnair aim looK out his waicii, x tarn my uumii 53 -- -- ' , i 7Zu S ' Henry Eyrin? A M Cannon, 1 CONFERENCE. Ohthe 6th instrthe , j of the masons, and others. The following is the inscription engraved up-on the silver plate aud placed in the box depos-yo- u ited, as above stated, in the foundation of the Temple: fourty-fourt- h annual Con- ference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- faints was held in this city: President -day D. H. Wells, Apostles Orson Pratt, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, and Albert Carrington, and a large number of presiding Elders were present oa the stand. After the opening exercises Elder O. Pratt delivered an able and instructive "The Church of Jesus Christ, of Latter Day discourse on the progress and nature of the Saints, was organized and established agreeably Kingdom of God that has been established in to the laws of our country, by the will and these latter times;" Also the of concommandments of God, on the sixth of April, tinuous revelation from God tonecessity enable a people jsso. Which commandments were given to to build His do and his will. Folup kingdom, Joseph Smith, Jr., who was called of God, and lowing Elder Pratt's discourse, Pres. Wells ordained an Apostle of Jesus Christ, to be the moved that tbe Conference adjourn till 10 a. firsfc Elder in the Cburch. m. Thursday, May 7th, in the New Tabernacle, Hjoseph Smith, Jr., President, with hisjbro- - which motion was carried unanimously. After ther Hyrum Patriarch of the whole Church, an anthem the Elder by Woodruff prochoir, suffered martyrdom in Carthage, Illinois, June benediction. nounced the 'Holiness to tiie Lord. p 1844, 1846. Youug, President of the Church Mormons, to you?" I told him they were 'of"Brigham Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. my people. "How long havo you been a Mormon ? r I told him nearly twenty, years, HIS COUNSELLORS. He said,1 "Then you ought to know them. "George A. Smith and Daniel H. Wells. I promise not only to defend them now, but "assistant counsellors. will defend them in all future time." He assured mo that the hill would not leavo the "Lorenzo Snow, Brinham Young, Jr., Albert Committee Room, that he would oppose it Carrington, John W. Young and George Q: to the best of his ability. Cannon. "twelve afostles. to held hand and his Ho me, said, "Do not fear for your ieople, that bill, will never "OrsOn Hyde, Orson Pratt, John Taylor, trouble them." He thanked mo for having Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Charles C. - " - r y; Miles'-Tlomne- and the Church was driven inta the in fiftnnn "L',L 27th, oiSc wilderness in now, be seated; what are theso people, the H -- ge, - AIM life-savin- er aTtireext-eIeetio- T . LITERARY NOTICES. "The Homestead," a literary journal for women, Is edited and published by Dora Dar- moore, at Oakland, Cal. We have received No. 2 of Vol. 1, and judging from that, we should say the Journal will be lively and well edited. Laura De Force Gordon's paper, the "Stock ton Leader," we are pleased to learn,-i- s to be issued daily, on and after the 1st of May, the editor having increased her facilities, and moved Into new quarters. This little sheet is 