WO MAN'S EXPONEN T.r 85 O! let homes be made with large, comfortable possessed ; talent is absolutely, necessary, light? and airy rooms, eo that: the little ones then if we would retain our gifts.. For ex FACTS ATD FIGURES.: i need not be kept in 'suffocating gloom, even ample: if our occupation is sedentaiy. wo A woman :ld lives in Fringe last year, England"JOuring:J.thq she cut several sheaves of wheat, and intends to do so again next year, if sho - is alive and well at harvest time. A tablkt m memory of Mrs. Alfred has been placed in Ecclesfleld Church, Gatty . the funds for which ha vo been raised by. sixpenny subscriptions of 1000 readers' of Aunt Judy's Magazine of which sho vas editress.: of; the sexes, at Alfred Y., has been": In Successful practice for 37 11 1: years keot inAno4ex. them be need plans for walks, rides and active games so much; Accustomed to free, pure ventilation, to keep our muscles lithe and serviceable and fidwell" habited , in times jpf -- uncertain But if our employment gives us enough action, it is not oner whit less im- weather that : there r wilL;i, no ;fear of tiieir muscular cTtrttllrl fr Alii" TiAolfl-- tt Ki1T'.ilih 'taking cold, ' and of sickness being entailed, r.Tr. for mental exercise for employment shmitrt ihev happen to be out or doors wnen a plan ' our of and enough ourtmemory; reasoning little wind arises, t , powers to keep them from rusting. : And, in either case, that lifo must be a d warfed and HOME AFFAIRS. unhealthy one that does not provide exer cise for our spiritual faculties for worship, Thursday, the 26th inst, has been design and charity, and patience, and magnanim Gran t astheJday ity. Exercise of soul, mind and body can alone" bring us toTtlietalurirtfthe-perfec- t served as a National Thanksgiving day. 3(pupils,and Jyears.rHrhocliool began-wit- h ' . man. of all had Ifor . ; tho trying: years experience A. slight fall of snow, the first of the season, ' now averages 450 indigent institutions. It appeared on the 28th ult. valley, as If students annually, havlhs: had about 7000 LITTLE FOLKSY---- to remind the inhabitants that winter was matriculates of a nearly equal number of hasten them to make ready At Altoq III.; a preacher asked all Sunday men and women. - Tho average ages ' for it.': Scholars to stand up : who intended visit I have been respect! vely 20 and 18 j timo of Tiie Trans of year has again arrived, the wicked, circus. All but attendance about two years. ino average when the labors of the Relief Societies, can be a lame girl stood up. has been two per ladies of tho scholarship best appreciated, by the heeedy ones whose cent, better than of the gentlemen. In thof with matter tho "What's you my pet?" homes are gladdened by cheery visits and ; still branches tho sexes have been equally 1 went to touch a little chickey, lower aunty 0, tho more comforting offerings. , and the old hen growled at me and bit me represented: but in have higher, especially predominated, tho classics, gentlemen Pbesidfnt BRiaiiAM Young and company with her nose!" course bciner elective.. mo aeatn raie nas started for his winter home in St. George; on ; "Is your dad at home ?" asked a neighbor J been 1 0. 0 of 1 pe r ccnt of males, and 7.8 of the 29th ulti His health, though still feeble, man of. a very little boy. The urchin eyed I females, or 2.8. of 1 per cent. In favor of is improving, and he journeys with care and the inquirer sharply, a moment, and -- then J women. Ithe attended good wishes, and, cooly replied, "rve got a father." prudence, by faith of; many thou sands, for Jus perfect recov' : ii ; A four year old girl having been reproved THE FUT ery and prolonged Jife.? an mother oflence her for, by by revenging Mrs. Nelson of .Tooele is the first- woman f next offended when faces,' 'making cutely in the Territory,' we believe, who hasbeen behind your chair and make a "I'H said, go the nquar iotercats and gcneraly side(1 by our U. S. officials. She is a foreigner agamsc mo women, mo proDaomty is uiai mo by birth and has been arrested upon a charge amis-step l A between' the parties of the near future will drawn one had made and fai of Illegal voting at August election. As her ien little upon the, floor, and was asked, "Are you be on one side Woman Suffrage ; ana Temperance, husband though a foreigner claims to be natumuch hurt?' t Ybs" "It hasn't laid you on the other side the liquor interest and the Demralized, it appears that women as well as men "No it's laid me down ocracy. While it is true that the crusad move- who were born aliens, must be naturalized in up I hope.' ' meat has not been that which 4he Woman SufFra ; order to become legal voters, according to the though." ists unite in; for they prefer law to its violation' " i, views of some of our officials. looking on while his new and aro laboring for lif Harry, after recognition under the laTT, arid dress at cried washed sister Jttle being stock: exhibited At the Tire .All specimens not lor aggressionLWituout iaw;iye& it appears lalate Stock Fair were! pf rare quality, and the ed, turned away, saying, "If she screamed mentably true, that the Democratic parly and th i wonder they Whole affair was' a; satisfactory one; as the Des-er- like this up in -heaven, I don't ' -liquor interests combining with that party have, off. : sent her braced themselves against yielding to wometr their ' Agricultural and! Manufacturing: Society ' ails that r asked a political rights, ' The absurdity of this in the1 first ; .boy's eyd?" "What -to, briug before the pub-li- c - of when they have iattempted any thing of the gffiairboybf liislargeristerHHes bli rid, place is its most remarkable kind.1 Four lady equestrians .took part in the answered the girl, "he put his eye out with opinion feelings and modes v of action exist 'as races; namely Mrs." R. W. Wi lson; Miss Edith an awl." "Oh!" exclaimed the little fellow, prominently among women as among, men; all wo- -; A.' Young, and Mrs. B. "why didn't he take the awl and put his eye men cannot be classified as of one view ' on matters Joseph Clawson, Mrs. , q public policy any more than of religion; neither r ;:.: in again?" H. Young.' A prize was awarded each one. can one class of women he representative : of all 1 DuRixa the recent flood in Middlefleld Among: ? oth ers , i Ho n. George Q, Cannon men. more than the same j has again been indicted '4 for alleged "lascivious N. Y.j a little five year old boy, when the anyWomen have as true among ;and possibly individuality, cohabitation,?1 and placed under bail.1 of five water had reached the height of two or more so than men they certainly havs ,than poli thousand dollars .', How long, such persecutions three; feet around the houso in which he ticians. . Inasmuch as the views of; women 'defferj" fell upon his knees and uttered the of the Saints will go qn it lis impossible to was, do. also differ so crusade on the on they movement, following prayer; "O, Lord I don'tlike this; does none that but but' it appear judge; You said when you set your the question of prohibition or no prohibition take.it the most bigoted eijemies of peace would per- bow in away. or no license. These are .matters jrt- judg- - ' no would' skies have more the you severe in .repeat! ng 'sucK allegatio ns, in the face floods.. mcnt. Temperanc2 or lptempcrenco is a question, Now,' how is this? Amen." of the decision rendered by the Supreme Court of morality. If sach a thing 13 ever possible as . was T a who confirmaA ' examining priest of the United States in 72X purity in a political party then will the watchtion class in the eouth of Ireland, asked the word be, lDo justice though the'skies question: f'Wbat is the sacrament of mitri" women demand the franchise jon the broad ground r; For.' the ExroKcn. '":'."''.: n .V mony?" A little girl at the head of the of jtistics, not for any ringlc ainit.or, th !fjrther-- DON?T LET TALENT RUST, class answered, "'Tis a state of torment into ance of any side issue.' They (Icrnsnd it for self.; to prepare thera for an As by constant friction steel is kept highly which souls enter protection." They demand it asa: right 'which bo; world." afid said better the other "Being," man cr party of men ha vo: a' right", to withhold polished, so 'by, constant exercise is taJen t for answer purgatory." "Put from them. The question of how will they - vote ; : ever at its brightest All our powers grow priest, "the the curate, "put her down has no rlace at all in the proposition". Thy will cultivate the habit her down," says class." by use. If we neglectto "Lavo her alone," vote just as men vote, according to their Vell-d- i. of observation, , we-- , might, as well walk to tho fut of the "foi said the priest, anything you or gested views, but probably with more prinaple; ; through tho ' world blindfolded: ,Ve: lose know to the she be contrary, may perfectly is certain, their votes; will ctVer. he But our. faculty- - what artists' call our tduch" ;.. : :. r . bought with a drink of whisky or ra ;ass of by neglect of practice on other things be- right" . . o r and their: principles will not be convwilentiy,lis:' sides thers piano. "Ther man: who ; seldom 'chances ire;3' About 18,700 letters were posted in.Eng- - tiaai those of reads, reads "slowly ; the woman', .whoso be will on 't?tb fide to an unfrequent letter land last year without any address whatever, that the vcts of the women writing is confined ' "tp7"somo absen t -c- hild- spends - more tim e and nearly Jyq hundred of tho letters con of good order, whatever that may be and if. the over that than does a practical 'writer over tain.ed cash, checks, or bills of exchange to Democracy object to that the hurt in the long run is" to them and not to the, women. Toledo Journal. a dozen pages of manuscript Exercise of the value of more than $13,000. rherr-thev-mtis- Hj nni-tin- f 1 t , Co-educati- on1 itoob -- : . in-th- is and T J- - - soul-destroyi- - ng - . 1 . . ; , -- , I 5 rT:; ; - , Ju-diet- mmmm ed h w-t- : . , " -- : ; et " ' . JmYe-aiwajsimanfige- fl ftiaturer-differane- es ? : ,. . . s . 1 ; li--ce- nse 1 - : : : Blll-Thts,..--- . ; r-- ; ; -- . : one-thin- g . ..I ' male-poliricia- , ns. --- The - - ; . -- 