'. . Vol. ' .. ..,. .' ,. .' .v. : SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, June 15, 1871. 3. JNO. . x 2. FLOWERS. weather, graudmother, to k"ecp th em neat and in good tast e.' ' "I know child, this horrid country isn't Time is the old Justice that examines all The NATIONAL congress of brewers pro ; test against the doings of the temperance like old Vermont: and then the Canadians offenders. Be not afraid of hard study; it is the movers, which attempt to prove that malt were glad to help their better off neighbors, 1 1 1, liquors produce immortality, pauperism and and t hey were m ighty h andy too. Your price inmother, child, was always rather delicate tiTiie flower of youth n ever appearg more crime; and they pledge united effort to beautiful 1 than when it bends towardsthe Frencha as wholesome, nutritious, ana necessary. white dresa ironed often by young Sun ofrRighteousness They direct a lengthy .address to the Presi- man, who seemed to think it a perfect plea-sur- e Golden W6RDs.In private, watch your to work for the Squire's daughter; and dent "and people of the United States, in of the does not the good book say that the sons of thoughts; in the family, watch your temper; which they denounce in company, watch your tongue. crusaders as being merely an effort of de- strangers; shall serve you?" "Yes grandmother, but if we could bring Tjie darkest day in any man's earthly signing men for 'personal agrandizement. he fancies that there is" is. that wherein The crusaders are evidently waking up ourselves," or others Jo such torturing toil, 'mi' would it not be Wrong? Are we not instruc- some easier way oi gaining a dollar tnan oy some indivdiuals. Let them proceed. ted to practice retrenchment in excessive squarely earning it' Rev. Dr. John Hall of New York speaks labor as well as in expense of material and A friend should be one in whose under women else of the crusade of in Ohio and time : indeed , grand mother,t is not re-- standing and virtue we can equally. confide, f where as probably, similar in its effects to trenchment in these things, the will of Our and whose opinion we can value at once for the temperance movement of Father Mat Heavenly Father as expressed by His ser its justness and sincerity. hews which, some years across wept like a vants, the Prophets, unto us?" . Mental grace is essential to true beauty. tidal wave over Ireland and portions ol Oreat Well, well, child! the Lord: forbid that Without it, the fairest form disappoints and Britain and America, and for the time be- - your grandmotheTshouId ever speak to your wearies. It is the radianco that sets off mg, greatly limited drunkenness; and thou- - quick ears a word against the blessed Pro- charm, and sheds on each its sanas oi living, prosperous.-menaaie meir phets; but, alack a me! arn't the children every other hue. "As a of this generation wise? But why should appropriate prosperity irom that movement. means of suppressing drinking,0, says the our own Exponent contain an article of that By reading we enjoy the dead; by conRev. Dr,. "you may call it a failure; as a Kind, telling us about the pretty appearance versation, the living; and by contemplation, means of unspeakable good to all these, you of ruffles and such things, if-ourselves. Reading enriches the memory; must call it a success." There is no doubt "Why, grandma, it is merely a 'clipping conversation polishes the wit; and contembut he is correct in supposing that the pres from another paper, inserted in ours by way plation improves the judgment. ent temperance movement will also bo a of variety, I suppose, simply to show us how The man who can make his own fire, .means of salvation to many, though, it may women dress on the Continent, amt)ng: the black his own boots, carry his own wood, notrafrect tuh FrenchrSpanish and Russians." hoe his own garden, pay his own debts, and . AZURETTA. lives without wine and tobacco, need ask no There are ninety-nin- e newspapers pub187-118th, May Washington, favor of him who rides in a coach and four. lished in Michigan. Of these, seventy-si- x have declared in favor of woman suffrage. Among all other virtues, humility, the The other twenty-thre- e will doubtless soon It is the safest loveliest, is fFor the Exponent. be ashamed to appear against it, and the is at because it always anchor; and the man FAULT FINDING. woman's cause will have triumphed in that may truly be said to live the most content . State. . The old adage runs in this wise, "Speak in his calling that strives to live within the of one's faults virtues compass of it. IFor the ExronxT behind his back;". but to this I cannot agree. is the "sober The true American RUFFLES. In reproving a friend, wo should act man, anxious in thought,patriot, faithful in service, cautiously and gently, not to offend or alive, to the least and humblest duty as man La, me! Charlotte, read that again for wound, and it always has better effect or citizen, sturdy and steady under dull do. t wern' till I I grandmother, when the reproof is given privately. How routine, and resolved that noticing through him the heard you speak about the ruffles." bitterly people may be wounded by having republic receive no harm." J. F.,W. Ware. Charlotte' read from Exponent No. 22. their faults paraded before others, and their Vol. 2. "What could look prettier or more peculiar weaknesses nothing but adversity will betrayed by, perhaps, doOftentimes for us. We need to be stripped of every iiiouest, man a pretty, small, trousered foot, some loved one. I have seen children of in siiK stocKings and a neat sandled shoe, sensitive natures droop under this unneees- - earthly portion, that we may seek entirely . . i i i t rememDer appearing under the skirt of a muslin dress sary punisnmeni. wnen our our portion in Jehbvah himself. We need i to be turned out of our home on earth, that the ankles buried as it were in several Indian boy was quite a little one, I happened rows of lace frills or flounces of fine cam to of a bad habit he had, to a neigh- we may seek a home in heaven. speak brie," &c. bor, not thinking he would notice me. A man takes contradiction and advice "Well I declare, said grandma, ol never Looking around I saw his eyes full of tears easily than most people think, thought that these old eyes of mine would and his poor little lip Quiverinc Mv much more ever see the day when the good old fiishion heart condemned me in a moment, and that only he will not take it when violently given, even though it be well founded. iumw numu uuujo again. yny tnere's was a good lesson to me. Heartsaro flowers; they remain open to the your own mother, child, even before she Tn rhihirnn nhri .J?rv, softly falling dew, but shut up in the violent ould see the daylight, her little head was cultivate the traits of character and downpour good of rain. u FCi-mm u uyavny wrought cap check the evil, as manifested so diversely wiui luvea- ui ruuics.- - wnv vou wouldn't l iUir. natures, I have always found it Over and above every other social traits hardly know it was a baby's head; only best, to encourage them to think themselves stands cheerfulness. What-thsun is to najr.-UOUV vji cuuiao UXea nnrl tn loan tmrQ0 ture what God is to the stricken heart lur uvury aukjm Irannhlo nf flnlno- .mnrl them so." the goodside thebxight sida of Tthe-pi- care to lean upon-IIi. . . ii i ji me iuvj. graiiumoiner, writer 01 this ar-- tnrr V mihor fhnrt to. bo always ready" to cheerful persons in the house and by the ucie is reiernng to a lady's under dress, her portray its defects. Here is an old maxim wayside. They go unobtrusively, uncon you Know," observed Charlotte, which I think is nearer right, and will sciously, about their silent mission, brightpuuis, -wen, wnai is tno dinerence, a rume's a work much ' better than the one quoted ening up society around them with the hap-rume arnu it?" above: piness beaming from their faces. We love ' s Yes, but only think of the almost . "Bo to his faults a little blind, to sit near them; we love the expression of task of stitching, and then the outlay of And to h!a vlrtuei very kind " their eye, the tone of their voice. Little labor and patience required in this hot, . June 3rd, 1871. Anne Kiobe. children soon, find them put EDITORIAL NOTES. d usty of-learnin- . . g. ; :rr v the-movem- ent m .. - m . , . pre-emine- before-hie-facer-- -- nt. his - . . - n - - Avhich-knows-h- ow . m end-lea- . j 