iiibaiivs- - ( iUiltiiiilfMilM 5 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, EDITORIAL NOTES. Parents should therefore study the laws, of nature, and give heed thereunto, The Princess Bismarck, now past sixty and they will soon Find that they will be more healthy, and the more healthy the superintends her farm work. the more likely will their offspringv Rev. Mrs. Vancott,believed to bo the first parent woman ordained a minister by the Metho- be to enjoy the same blessinsr. dist church, is a speaker of great power and Experience has demonstrated that train- health. ... iHEi,oNDONuniversuyhasdecid . .am - - . ,. I NO. 3. 1, 1871. July trait that may be good, or diminish and weaken other traits that may abound too much, to be cohtroled by the child. The training of some children is much harder than that of others and requires a greater amount of 'patience on the part of the par- ents. Parents often, according to their own insr and educating have, chanced the forma- - peculiar pleasure, admire traits in their I in brincrin Ahildrpnnflke 11U1J fi. HtlU UUU.M IIIIU " irreaLdelhrht tllttt'tUU-VilUilCUUlUUt.T'- ,- T-'T vote or 8 J to 65, that "it is desirab e that dren for instance, you can labor in any to grow stronger with the children's mental " " ' v ; branch of business, for two or three genera- - ana pnysicai development; dui h otnerwise, f in theUniversifyJ tions, enlarge or diminish any part of the and the traits in the children are not suited The University of Vermont decided body, and it will become partly rooted in to theirtastps, they are often neglected and thatnothing in its charter: or history would the blood, or to such an extent that it will even aousea, ana not : umrequenuy, uy iujustify It in excluding ladies from any of frequently produce its like So powerful treatment, are driven irom nume;.wnereas, tne trutft do known to tneir parents, mese i ts advantages enjoyed by men. ;: is the effect of education on the develop- havo come by those traits 'through TiiE Idea of a famine doesn't trouble an ment ot tne mina ana body, that we can childrentheir parents or grand parents. Some towa clergyman' since a recent donation find traits of character in the children of one either family varying according to the circumstan- children are fretful after they come to years party supplied him with beans sufficient to ces under which they were begotten and of understanding, for which I believe there! last thirty-seve- n years. matured,- - for example we seldom find that are good reasons. J Nd man or woman is fit The Louisiana flood has, i t is calculated , the first-bor- n is the strongest, quickest and fo become a parent while her is or "she is ' ' 1? caused direct suffering to not less than 70, most intelligent, if the rest of the children fretful or . 000 people; and overflowed about 12,505,000 of the same family have had I believe it to be much easier for the Qua equal opportuacres in the states of Louisiana, Mississippi nities in life; but, on the contrary, few cases kers to their children from going to and Arkansas. We . trust the benevolence can be found where the eldest child . has war thankeep jit is to keep, the children of pugilof the people will be equal to ' the needs of risen to greacr eminence in society than ists or soldiers from Ldoing so, because. : of r our unfortunate countrymen. the younger ones of the same family, where the. peculiar training or development of the attainment to such eminence has de their parents. r;'T-."; We find recorded pended on THE MENTAL AND PHYSICAL DEJealousy is a trait of character cultivated in Bible the that the Lord than hasoftener to extent by all parents, and so fond a VELOPMENT OF CHILDREN. otherwise chosen those who were not the of itgreat are parents that they will frequently n as r the; most tahtilize a child by;puttingr of a;family being it away, and say- The greatest legacy that parents can leave intrusted be to suitable with care a the of nST you cant come here, this Is Johnny's their offspring is a healthy ibody, an active as or with Uiflfn Seth, Enos, dispensation, or c0mo mind and a practical education. With these people XT T7 U U "horeT' vou" mnv havn ihls." I ' when they really intend the other child"to qualifications a man can be happy, if mor-rall- y Jacob, Joseph, Samuel, Moses,vDavid, Solo have it against its will, and thereby adopt disposed, and may- be capable of at- mon, ana others ana. in tnis aispensation. that plan of compelling the child to eat it taining to any eminence,- but without them Joseph Smith and Brigham Young; and the rather than that the other should (havo- it. he is comparatively poor, and does not stand same may be said of mostly all the great Thus parents often cultivate traits in their equal to the one who may be thus endowed or developed,, although he may be better merchants, statesmen, philosophers and children which in after years they despise : others who have attained to their positions to see, although brought about by them . provided for; financially. , v What has caused this JZ.tllciiLSwn6ffqrts.' selves. Children are quick to observe, an4 rjjia within theiowerof"paTentrtQgi is It simplyl).eeause development? parents such legacies to their offspring? and are will, to a great extent, follow the examples become in more have after careful of set by their parent?, especially in that which parents to blame for many of the weakness- - their years, of more of life acts, thoughtful things is evil. es In their children? are the questions to be : less and passionate. considered. It is well known that many How can parents expect peaceable chilFirst-bor- n children are often kind and af- dren if diseases are transmitted from parents to they themselves quarrel? How can their offspring and, as is stated in the Bi- - fectionate, and may be very intelligent and they expect their children honest If they ble, the sins of the parents are visi ted upon crooa, out younger cniiaren ot tne same t h emselves steal ? How can they expect to and gen era have truthful children if their children, even till the third and fourth fa mily will often excel they, themselves fireneration. The question may Vbe asked. ability, thus showing that the cultivatloa cultivate an untruthful spirit, and their the parents has much to do children know it? Parents what should parents do, in order that their f the mind-omust with the physical and mental development that these traits will be transmitted toexpect children may have healthy bodies? their Parents, in order to have healthy, intelli of the child. Can a child pass throucrh this ch ildren, unless their circumstances in life gent children, should first seek to cultivate life when well developed, easier than with- - are such as to cause their early separation, themselves. by strictly observing the laws hut this great blessing? It is almost need. and tho association, of the children with of nature which appertairi to their own less for mo to say yes, from the fact that wo others, which would enable them to follow physical constructi6nyahd which requires a aH know how hard it is for such children to the natural traits of their own characters. wise system of--, diet, ventilation; cleanliness team at school, while others learn with the Under the care of such parents but very litana taoor. irr order that they may receive greatest eace. it is aiso easier lor some cnu- - tle can be to be imparted to their expected strength and nourishment, they should eat dren to bo kind than others, more industri-suc- h children; and depend upon it that children, food as will make them feel most U3 morc mechanical, musical and poetical begotten by such parents, will havo creat ' else in and same. the eaten Children after It: should everything agreeable having they the nlany evils in difficulty in breathe pure, fresh air, and live In well ven- - partake more or less of the traits of their their natures,overcoming even under tho best of. train- tilated houses; These things are absolutely ancestors, which havo been brought about Let all men try to learn the great les neeessarWih order to purify the blood. One by the cultivation of the body : and mind, Ing. "First govern thyself, before son, reason whytho - children of the poor - and Such being the case, how careful parents thou namely, undertakest to govern a wife" and be- the temperate classes of thepebple are, gent ouW'bo to cultivate every trait of charac-erall- como the father of children; and let all parhealthier than those of the rich, is ter in themselves thaf they desire to "seeIn ents try to live and cultivate themselves In because they are; under the necessity of eat- - their children, and strictly observe, all the such a manner as will result in tho proper ing plain food; and their parents allow them known laws of nature appertaining to.the development of their children, and they to go out more frequently in the: open air producing of their offspring, will find in after years that they will have' and have a greater amount of exercise, all I am satisfied. that careful may, great joy in their labors. Elder Joseph of which are necessary for the promotion of to a great extent, improve or training develop any Birch) in the "Millennial Star." ; -- bad-tempere- -- t d, 4 ; ; self-actio- n. first-bor- . 1 T-,,- T- - 1 -- - . , . i ; -- v-- ; in-ta- ct f r : - yj 