WOMAN'S EXPONENT 51 inof-lno-'l and deed, and this will teach her at all times as as sometimes is, stUI, Financial; Report; ifor : the past year: was the right courso to pursue,' is not flatteringJt we have plenty td supply, the wants i of the read which showed that during the yeas f: the Society had given to tho poor $127; to i;: ; :t poor and, someto spare ; FLOWERS. On the. same aay that, our,yearly,meeting the St Georce TemDlo Sort! and. to the in- occurred: ravself with several other sisters nta in RaiOjakft CAtv fT.n tt-Be slow to take when 7 strangers haste to prepared a little surprise party for bui: be-- ;s FresMrsJaneiSimons v spoke "t of . the ;. ; lovedj president. t After, meeting commen- - organization and good results of theRelief give. .t:v;y-;vced-rp- ur, Bb praised not for your ancestors, but for arrangements, having been made Society; Bishop J. S.: Tanner and Elder L ' ' " beforehandtwo sisters slipped put of meet- - M. Coombs spoke about thelUnited .Order, yourjown virtues. JbOR men tp searcn out tiieir own giory is; tag; went .to her house, obtai ned the . door the V laws and regulations of which ' were - : ; keyfronxher fun loving i husband and ar; read by.Elder Coombs. Mrs.'A. M. Snyder notglpry ; ; while" she wasabseht. read an original composition. Eiders C. ranged everything Truth sometimes tastes likd medicine, The brethren; Sirnons,W, 3VignaiI,, and ,H,5 Moore Ibh but that is ah evidence that we are ill. - V who happily iurprisod m allwere leK into lowed with excellent remarks. "Pres. .Jane the secret and requested follow her home Simons ekterided; ian invifation to! all "LearninO is wealth to the poor, an hon-- . in mpany j wi th; the brethren of fthi3 place presen t6pa.rtakbotapicnicpa3ri2 or to the rich, aid fo tho young.; and a sup and comfort to the aged.-thatMdlbeen1! pared by ..the .Teachers and a, few of the port ' posedXtQ - goJiome r with hefcwh Ich ; she tnera hers also desired their prayers Tn he F tJsE whatever talent you - possess.' The thought puiteuriusual for them. When she half of her Counselor Agnes Dougla.ss. who woods would be very silent if no birds were' got near horhe, she remarked to them that Was not well. Benediction by Elder I. M. to sing there but thoso vho sing best the brethren seemed to be all going her KjA great step is gaiood when a chlkj(has, way, wished "she had a. good supper ready Mrs. Jane Simons, Presidenrjf1 learned that there Is' no necessary - connec.--tio-n that she could invite themrto partake of . Mrs. M. A. II ardy, Secretary, between liking a thing and doin it, - ; burf at any rate would ask tticrn to call and -take a glass ofj homo-mad- e wine, which she - ' TBEEB'beTrrght than conquer in an argu-- 1 ' 1 874. Moxa, Jltab Co., Aug. 21st,! did and which invitation they accepted. ment. Better bear . tho assumption of ig-- ; , 1 Woman's Editor her nonint men than waste your dearly bought ' Exponent:; Imagine surprise, fwhen. she cam to her door, f9und. i t open and 11 weU filled table, Since the organization of the Belief So- experience on ioois. spread the entire, length .of the room. We cietyin this place a good many poor have There is a certain softness, of manner j received Kept pursecrei wen ior"rsne naa notiy-i'ween auu naa i s uy it, wnicft.- in either man or woman, nuas a muiiey ven ..suspected any- - g:lthered to assist the emigration of the charm that almost for . . . entirely: compensates . : thincr. , at tho pvnrp!- so.ovtarcomft r "-7 o; , oiiuiu 01 I iuiufwgu.wuu3., A goou spirit nacJc external oeauty. i: uiAy-r'-""our meetings, nut tney are not i4-"" j in u': 'I'uiLT' .X JusTa3 a mother erricves over her child's sa but very little, her prevails - Much more good alwaysrweirattehded. titudo to her heavenly couId be done if the sisters were more weakness and faultiness, but still loves him ees.tpld most tenderly, so God cherishes us, i notA in attending. punctual rtd of which she have reflected much upon tHo United withstanding all our frailty. is well'WortnycAU an . Laziness grows on people; it begins in Ordpr whfrth hbeon o w,,-wm uaj ,ir u and accepted in many places. I feel to thank cobwebs, and end in iron chains. The moro .l fnicces With" valuable you Wisning your mv hftjivnnlv Piithftr fnr. Ill rmndh in hnsinnss a man has tn rln tho mnrn hn is nhlo paper, I remain YduK SIster; in the Gospel. giving to us this holy Order, and strive to to accomplish, or he learns to economize his " ,Mtn ' amy U 15IGLER Secretary, renew: my: diligence that, I mav ever be time! J ' Nothing more powerful argues a life be vugv n, it. v f? j, t. ..oaflwvjum, uxau obey this thonf;tho failuie. of ideals here,; Editor WomaExponnt:'-- - -- cihh With many wishes for tho success of viir yotfd Earth gives U3 bat fragments of humanity,7r valuable paper, I subscribe myself your Oaf Ybung Ladies' Eebehch ts of heart, fragments of mind, frag-- ; j ciatlOii was organized Sept,'"ll thj iS 73,:with sister in the Gospel. E.S. fragmen men'ts of charity, love and virtue, and inUk: M&rtf Ann Stickney for President; Mrs." stead of being a world, is only of Hannah Kirkman, Mrsi Julia B. 'Wilson; ''For the Exposbjtt: 1 seedT out of which a full blown world might Mrs. Caroline Maxham, Miss Edar Teitgen, grow, but has not yet grown. WOMAN, HER SPHERE. Miss Alice Wall and Miss Caroline for the favored reward.- - Our 'Financial Report s - -- : 1 . , ! " . - -- . : ; , : t : . 1 : ? . - , ot weu-reueve- - i r u i.i Rf -- - . ? thououjd : 1 liU..Ji!iii.uit te-em- . . niZllF: "t... 'if , . ntnti,t I . v ; 1 ,-- -'" lqj : v t -- 4 -- - : - -- " - i . Larson, SecreUounselorsrMrs. Miss and Caroline Butler for Treasurer. tary, We have also a Teacher's Quorum; composed of eight young ladies with a president. Our meetings are well attended and we all feel well in the work in which we are en gaged. About forty of the members met on the 21st ihst. and spent the day, besides partiiking of a picnic dinner, in quilting, ana sewing patch work and carpet rags for -A- nn-JSuekneyfor ;In the first place,womah -- is to be a helpTHE SEX; meet to man. This sentence alone comprises a great deal;: it is not to be expected that Miss Ellen M. Soole of Sing. Sing. N.;Y.,;; she Will do a man's work hut she should not ha3 been elected dcan'of tho Womahs col- - ; feel degraded in performing her household e duties as far as lays in her power; hy doing lego at Evanston. Miss Soulo will also chair of French in the Northwestern this she can become a great help to her hus.' band. Another, very important thincrr sho University. should improve her mind by the aid of every t Miss Lavinia Goodell, M ho has iust been good and useful book for this is a duty she admitted "to the bar in Wisconsin, is a ' :p-- : w to bewar ana also to her posterity. I of the venerable William Goodell, daughter we 44i :vVr uJPuruineni;, rr.1" ye can car coiumenceu our raeeiing wnicn was opened tn nhUAran educated ."' mtwuug were reaa ana accepiea. rr ". .v-',- . tioja iia unvut'LT, xnev are tir tlie Exponent and other papers iwi nvri5ui r,'lias purcnasea .in correct language and true principles Y fTT wereH read and remarks were made by quife taught estate atorth Reading, Mass., and, from the binuinVonnnAnfiv they grow a7 number of tho sisters. Bra Levi Hanerect a commodious will building, contain-rthe and in when is this up the path right cock, who, being in thp place,: had been in are not likely to depart from the ing a hall, and rooms for public library and vitedito meet with us, also made some very case they ' On town pfljces, which she proposes to main-:- ; the other hand It is truth; reprehensitain for that town fofpypr. Mrs. Flint was, ? encouraging remarks in favor of the Young ble in the a for to mother degree highest Lad iesV Association. Meeting adjourned to waste fora, long time, a resident of North Beading, J time her novels or tho of reading any o m r linn rr n nn f t1 nl til Sept 13rd. :: Closed i with prayer 4by Bro. iooiisn literature with which tho world t I Kn ; Hancock, r . acuons. mu" "iiaoic to: abounds. In reeard fashion: there nrn Mrs Mary Ann StickneVi President, and nobler higher things that should occuov Mrs. Ann J. Stickney, Secretary. her thoughts. She should not dress tn lPnkj a Vnwnwt" w Rimrrr'n in Ifi,ira the odd and different! from every- body. else but English PAYSO language, replied thus to friendly Utah CoJAug. 27th, 1874. she can dress with neatness and taste with- - salutations: "How do you do, Monsieur?" DjEiJi Editor: - out.taking.patternfrom.anyione,DiLracking BoLvatf'J'Howdo you find yourself?" "I Tholielief Society of this'place held its her .brain for hours, and perhaps days; to never looses myseif.'" Weir; then,-- how- - do fifth Annual mcetinsr August li'th. Meet-- - bM 4 V Ii U WktllllL. OlllJ IliL VII ITItlfll ..'1' I Villi IIMII 11, im'l 111 ing openca with singing and prayer; somebody else wear. In fine she should Monsieur.', "Good! no, followed by the calling of tho roll and to bo a S;iint in every thought, wordjit's a bad one; it's vet and muddy' r rr r ? yTrrf ? : t . fill-th- , . y: ; Z-r- i ; .Tr eiec-tioris:frO- m - fimt 7 . . , t-- ; i .1 : - 5 .. W . read-striv- e' 7 1 Good-mornin- g, I I I I 