it ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. grancy receives judicial' sanction, and-th- e State is powerless to protect and save desii-tut- e minors and orphans! We thought Law "Sal us populi suprema lex." Canada " ' ' Jrournal. , L -- , WOMAN'S VOICE. ' For the ExrcXEST ; My dear Sisters, prompted by a desire to do good, I wish, with the Lord's help, to give you some little food or thought . To begin with some of the Lord's own sayings, (Book; of Doctrine and Covenants,'-- 50th Fgejjl save those Again , She had rtotp she said, "the courage or power to stand up in meeting and express her ideas and feelings.- "- X fear that this is the case with a great many of us, and while perhaps, we may be afraid to speak as we would like in meeting, we can give utterance to our feeliugs through the columns of our ExroNEXT- .We have a Relief Society here in Providence, tljo members of 'which, under the presidency of Sister Mathews, meet once a month. Wo have good meetings. Sister Mathews always encourages the sisters to clo right, and be one with her. in helping to takejearo oL the sick and jnoedy: Since I have been a subseribeiMtd the I have been very much interested in perusing its columns, -- Fine ver take one up to read, but I learn something: whereby I am benefitted. We often think we have not leisure time to spare for reading, our roNENT. ( Ex-roxE- xiy 111 Women, why will you remain in ignor--' ance in slavery, for slaves you are, slaves to fashion,-- slaves to public opinion and slaves to yourselves. Your mission is a high one. Were you free and; unfettered, you would soon attain a higher stale, and, thereby reform society and remove tho iron heel that would crush you for daring to assume the . righ t ot your own person. "Woman, could you but see the power given you by nature, atiil uses"that power to elevate yourself j if you would aspire to the high and moral standard marked out for you from the beginning J if you would seek" that high , - noble- - state, attai nable' by Hvi ng nearer unto " nature's God;" by striving- - to obey "Divins law;" seeking tounderstand L yourselfjrjbllo winsr the dictates of your ihhe son for your guide; throw off tho hypocritiin tho cal mantle of society and come-ou- t lightf-truth- ; women,lcould, :yoR,seeJthc better life to which you are hastening, to which destiny is pushing you, and for which so - many noble minds arc working, - you. would be willing to lend a helpiug hand rather than retard tho progress of events , by opposition and inaction. Strange that people are so long in waking up to these truths; strange they: do not recognize the work of a higher power; strange they do not see that the world i3 on the verge of a great change, and that the human family are being slowly prepared for tho coming contest of right against might. 1 th, only-by-grow- who confess not his hand in all things" Now you rau.t acknowledge the hand of God in all circumstances under whichyou arc placed, or; come under condemnation, which latter you do not wish to do, therefore pause, ireflect,5 and strive to timeeing w takenip to will the into subjection bring yourseive's but if we Would be determined, and make of God, and the holy principles he has re- up our minds to read, especially the Expo vealed for the salvation of the human nent, wo would derivo much good from it, a&Oustain"your husbahdsziii and more so if we read to inform our minds all things in the Lord, and ever keep the n regard to spiritual as well as temporal feeling in your hearts,1 that their motives weltareI have always been a great lover and desires, are pure, though they may of books and literature,-- , and ever since 1 sometimes come short of doing their duty. lave had tho responsibility of a family, I It involves on you to make -- their burdens can always; find a little time to devote to Whatlight instead of adding .to them. ancLac-tionreading the papers as they come along. s ever may transpire, let-- your words Wishing you success and a larger eircula- bo for the promotion of peace and good ion,and trusting that thenoxt time I write will, thus gaining the approbation of your I may do better, I remain Your Holy Parent and the increased love of him Elizauetii S. Nye. who of all otheri you most desire to please. "Like begets like," and if we give kindness : FACTS AND FIGURES. we will receive the same in return. If your WTOMEN. TO AN APPEAL husbands should, in your eyes, sometimes Switzerland is a little cramped-u- p fail to come up to the mark of perfection BY CLARA E. SYLVESTER. country, but she sent us during the month that you have laid out for them, consider of June over a million ana a nau irancs' they are butTmortal, and likely, as well ad woman do to sister I my Particularly worth of silk ribbons, watches and cheese. as yourselves to step aside from the seems unconscious of the She -re- dress myself. isrtho Aiioxor straight and narrow pathf4Would-yo- u work that is required of her, and that uod to able are than more of another you a not exceed The trunk docs quire no w is th e pottery-tret to Intends" tha and her performV not at perform? And besides, you might for her future work. oot in diameter, but It grows to tho height all times rbe righteous" judges of another's ime to prepare herself 1 lan ty, how Therefore I woul- d- that she awake to a of OO ifeeL iiTho ch ief pecul filled with. when is remember it only actions; ever is in the nature of the wood and bark, of the spirit of God that any one is capable or knowledge which contain so much silica that they aro To whom and she must, tain seek, it it of.-comprehending where should she. used in the making of earthenware. Tho judging righteously, r not man! to Surely go? nec how things in their true light. Then But to the high unseen: Buler of theyni fresh bark cuts like soft sandstone. ist to spirit Verse. The way is open to all, and so sim essary-iA BROokLYN gentleman mentions an ex a as much is that it continually, realizing not err. traordinary instance of longevity in a singlo dntv to be haDDV as to perform any other ple that even a child may A feeling- of apathy and indolence exists family, There aro five old ladies at his old good act. The most charitable people are ono is a the happiest, and each one who has a desire that must eventually bo swept away by the homestead. Four aroarewidows, as follows: Debto live the life of a true saint must cultivate growth of the seeds of truth, right and spinster. Their ages ReMary, ninety-fivthat charity which will never think evil justice, that have been scattered broadcast orah, ninety-six- ;; -- when it is possible to do otherwise. There o'er the land. Tis time for action to take becca, eighty-six- . Elizabeth, arceighty-two-; uaugniers They are very few who really mean to do wrong. the place of theory; time for woman to show Harriet, seventy-sixwife ot to 1 time break away from more (neir Capt. Zophar Wcekes.;.;;ills The Poet says: ana or a was native downare customs Jamaica, .ui.,-her that false mother) dragging Timo to be this troth bath taught ward and rapidly destroying true woman- lived till over ninety. The father came Us a troth that's ivorth reveallngr from near Huntington, L...I. Tito first, hood. More offend from want of thought, tho permanent occuThan from any want of feeling.". The agitation of Woman Suffrage has third and fourth are All of them are well of ono house. pants and it IIow condition. her done this in alleviate to much ver mind, keep Sisters, it. about and attend to ' to able go to preserved, she that a .were be in nid will more you brinjrincr much done, " 'might ' J " - materially work, and with Utc exception oi a which to the union state. of hanninessand recognized power, possessed of, individu light deafness 4 in two instances have: their to act according to her little and saints are striving to attain. courage, ality ' M. A. F. knowledge of right -- Is she not amenable 'faculties'iscarcely impaired. MrT j7 J. H. rGreory of Jfarblehcnd,: to higher law? Then let her be guided by that, rather than by a false state of society Ma?3., offers to give, during tho coming evecreeds. winter, a loaf of bread, morning ana Providence Cache Co., Nov. 29 tti 1S74. and erring come out from the false state in ning, ro every person in that town who will Woman, DeaeExponext: society has nlaced you! Be true to call upon him. As one of your many subscribers, I would which true to nature anci the God with humbly ask permission for a small" insertion yourself, in you. Many, very many would gladly in your columns. . Miss Irene Smith is President of tho en mantle that I have often thought T would like to throw off the hypocritical Excelsior Elocutionary Society of Cor.valIi,, fear of alas! the but public Oregon, Mis Lou Taylor is Treasurer. write, but realizing my inability to write velopes them, them,.; The time is not far binds censure anything that would be of benefit to my sis AScRirTUREles3on froni Punch: Prcci-i-tothe must choose between all when distant ters, I have always refrained from trying. "Now can, any of you tell meanything Now. however, I have determined to try false and the true. Every one should stand Hoy in tho life of Mosesf ana will do the best I can. "If we never by the one great principle of right What remarkable he was the only, man who broice sir; trv. we will never learn to do better." one wo want is more persons who arc willing to all"Yes, at once!'' commandments the of my sisters said in a late letter to the Ex labor hard with but small recompense. . . fam-iI"TJpho- ld - . . '. , well-wishe- r, , . e. - e; self-relianc- e; : : , , , V T r w A ; '' W . w . - r -- - I 