WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . (For the BxTcatm TO A YOUNG LADY FRIEND. Daaeucy of Bordeaux by cutting fresh meat fine, - Irascible old man "Conductor. why didn't spreading upon muslin, drying rapidly in a cur-- you wake me as I asked you? Here lam, rent of air and rubbing into a brown powder, miles beyond ; my station." Conductor "I which is almost inodorous, anha3 a slightly salmie dldtry,sir, but all I could get out of you was, . I I taste, is is reaoiiy taken oy patients, spread AU right, Maria: get the children their upon bread, or a teaspooniui ot it mixed with a breakfast, and Til be down In a minute., " cupful of broth or soup and by children if baked 'A Tboy paper thus'states Trojan jpke: r into Dtscuits. "A dentist of this city became emotionally ; Felon on the Finger. The following; simple insane while; repairing a front-toot- h for a and kissed her. Sh e Immeprescription? is . recommended as a euro for . the pretty woman, home" went such told rock andr her husband, saljt, distressing ailment: Take common diately in went down who that around used beef for is or same eveit the as pork: dry way salting an oven; then pound it fine and mix it with spirits ning, and borrowed $500 of the dentist on ot turpenune in equal parts; put it in a rag long time and without interest." and wrap it round ther parts affected- - and, v as it A in New York ortho - Dear Girl! you ro Just ttartlnff on In tho race " '" Which humanltj offers to all! JkxA many competitors join la the chose, And many you'll find who w'.U try to displace ' Tour footsteps from reaching the goal. But calmly prea on, keep the areal la your r Jew, ' ' -- .. -- ; Tou hare much that will help yeu along You'll find that you'll ever bare plenty to do, If you, to yourself remain falthlul and true, , .Without troubllnr yourself with the throng'. . hook lato your brainwatch Its exquisite art, : Bee how busy Its Uxxxb, has beenl Into that temple, your own Hying' heart, Step Search Its Innermost cloisters, view every part, T And then worship the 0d of Ihat Ood who hAiform'd you your heart and your brain, -. Whlcji are ttixzs of rich wealth all your own To work them la wisdom, that you may retain :;r-The fold and the Jewels they .richly contain, Adorning hereafter your crown! " Walk slowly, walk softly, walk calmly along;, " . Seeking wisdom to tulde and direct; That hereafter, when mlnfllnar In life's busy throng:, It will plainly be seen to what class you betongry And may that bo to Gcd's own Elect. 1 1 sceneJ: - i . I .. A ' w -- ;: oa The ? A guardian peace 'mounted one day last week. by graspine the Benefits of Turpentine.A writer in the Scien- - horse's tiul and attempting7 to climh up"that tific American says let any one who has an attack way. '4ie surgeon subsequently remarked, take a sm of lock-jathat no horseTeyex hadrii: and such infinite pour it into the wound no or took- - ad vantage of it with pentine; warm it ' matter what the wound is and relief will follow in scorn of the consequences. less than one minute, . Nothing better can be ap- A AT k T?TT'RrP; fTl rl Sniff a crnflATYOM o frt f cut severe than or a wldaur phedto w 7- fin W turned unmanageably penuno is also a sovereign remedy tor croup. The next day the gentleman said tough. Saturate a piece of flannel with it, and place the to the market girl, "That goose which you flannel on the throat and chest, in very severe sold me for a young one Was very old." HOUSEHOLD HINTS. cases from three to five drops on a lump of sugar "Certainly not," said the girl; "donH you may be taken inwardly. Every family should have a call me ; young?""Yes." "Well I am but A 'Tarmfr's Wife" puts the following home (bottle of turpentine on hand." nineteen, and I heard mother say often, that ijucsuvus w uic reauera gx me vmencan and Drink Air. Persons with weak stomachs that goose was six weeks younger than me." turist. Attention to these little matters would be careful about loading them with cold waare many steps by weary, feet, and the feeling shouldChildren A max was brought up by a farmer, and to too are use ter. much ice water. apt men. that:the and boys of the household are indif accused of stealing some ducks. The farmer ferent and careless in making work, which is some It is rare that a person can drink much water at said he should know them anywhere, and times harder to bear than unnecessary wort itsdf: meal time without injury. Still more harm is went on to describe their peculiarity. of other drinks than by this natu- Do you, after having kindled .the fire, sweep- said the magiatrejheyjsan!AgJ m the is air always entangled genome such a very rare oreeaj away the shavings and ashes neatly, or leave them have some like s food as chewed to and the it is stomach, passes them in my yard." "That's very likelv. v" or around the store? WW Vnn Kn, in a When in eat much is more air haste, people great ; said the v'piafl of .water, are ybu careful no t to spill it, or must your honor,' farmer; "these are ': often to wind create in the swaHowed; enough - soiac one use the mop alter noi the only ducks of the same sort l you every time? When stomach interfere with 1 andseriously digestion. and leave barn the "you (men had stolen lately!" boys) yard, do you "HeraM of Health." the dirt from or scrape your boots, bring it to the "Dear x old Aunt Mary," said a school clan door steps or, what is worse into the1 house girl, "donH see very well, and last Sunday mu ovirtc uu me mceiy poiisnea coojang stove she was buzzing around getting ready for DIVERSIONS. that has cost an hour's hard rubbing to make church, looking for umbrella, specs, over-bright? Do you ever spit on the stove floors, or Sky-ligiit- s. snoes, ana last Dut not least her prayer book. stars. Sun. moon and carpets? ; Do you leave hats and overcoats in the - l The latter she thought she secured by grab- hall?--)r do you wear them in and lav them oh the What word is always pronounced wrong? off bureau 8. L. Cmr, 8epi isn. -- - pnei jef i I-h- ae ; her at the last bing something churchit-provemoment, gbtto iust over the cloth, and its contents, making it nec. to be Hotel-Keeper-s are people we ha ve to my music box, and the old essary to remove and replace them much oftener in 2 lady, trying to find her place in this un- -' r .than ' ould be required, if the rules of order were put up with. common book of prayer, touched the spring ODservear Do you put your clothes in their places. What has a cat that nothing else has? and it went off in fine style toMhe tune of or eve mem ior some lemaie member of the fam Kittens, "0 Jim Along, Jim Along Josey." lly to tike care of? WtriTV fa A lllrn n 1tm1 doctrine?- The following is the verdict of axnegro wwuv4 tto. lunuv uoru naesuous 01 similar im- - wj,nn if ta o "We, de undersigned bein a Koro- jury: yv4t ouuuo uwi jrua. Kates. Kiraen waus. iences d A dog tool houses, etc, but I will not intrude. I insist wears a collar and ners jury to sit on de body of de nigger, that farmers homes ought to, and might be as pants in the summer. Sambo, now done dead and gone afore us. " neat and beautiful as any others if all would do has been asked, When rain falls, docs hab been slttm7 on de said nigger aforesaid, It their work in the best manner, or at the earliest it ever Of course it docs, in dew and find dat de same did on de night of de get up?; ' fourteenth of November, come to def by and not leave for another what they time. opportunity, ' OUeht I T Vnnw fUf lAnir ;n to do themselrM fallin' from de bridge ober de riber in de said ; to no matter how well duked habits say, tn'nrm Strange v VWU4V. VUV iiiUJ i XtUfc -paid rlber and brokin his neck, where we find he All 1 uc a uuwu rtJf was suosequently arowned and afterwards "u Vi" " ya You hope that young men will heed advice. . wasneu 10 ae noer siae, wnar wo suppose vuiua not ure 10 have a slatternly wife- but if you are tloveniy in your habits you could not be he was froze to def." nT in ax'tt inot flph cntri u uea6 uae, ior sue wouia De dissatished and One night a judge,' a' military officer, and companion. "No great loss," replied the uaaappy ana unless she were uncommonly heroic, other, "since you have made it up in snir a priest, all applied for lodging at an inn vw nuwukoir uucArui iir. i crnans voa mint ir.s." where thoro Was but one spare bed, and the iiuus vciy email moment,, out i know of was called upon to decide which - iuoW "When a fellow, is too lazy to work in landlord liiiaga matgneve anaireta woman more had the best claim of the three. "I have J11!3 a. correspondent from a thi.3 6econ Wis weary and dLirited thz iA lain fifteen years in tho crarrison at B.." ast, "ho paints his namo P1113?0. 111 CaGac1 her efforts 'at order and ' J anaJ cans 11 a tavern, and makes said the officer. "I have sat as judge twenty1-over and I know too. "more offend fmm aoor, years in Il:,"n5aIditho Judge:7-"With;yo' as blmseif:" than want of feeling." So let me say to farmer's aU hiS nc,ffnbors as v leave, gentlemen, I" have stood In the min , u Jo wisa fto have pleasant - irish telescope. An irishman was one .UUUIS . ' twenty-fiv- o at N.," said the istry years cot omy virtuous, hut orderly aay ODsemng to a mend that he had a mot ru.cs, "That settles the dispute," said the indostnous,' ; and ! neat.- -. 'Farm a Wife" in excellent telescope. "Do you see yon priest.. landlord. "You, Mr. Captain, have lain fif' Acm Acultunstn v church," said he, "about half a milo off? teen years; you, Mr:1 Judge, have sat twenty It's RarfIv iiivprnfhTA hnf. whnn T years; but the aged pastor has stood Dmd Meat for Medical Purpoi.-lli- e Ameri. it thronrh mv tpIP.irnnA ft hrinf it yeare, so he has the best right Jotzrnal of rharniacygays:It u prepared by that lean hcAr t ho ' organ playing." , to the bed. . ta&Ie withT)apers,"etc but-when-- she- , T : v T well-dresse- w W JL I 1 w neatevnn.f. Wrf S 1 I W I . - WW- - MM 1 ur rT. - .a . . c five-and-twe- ? r , nty d 