. - ,r ,. . "T , , tlon to the intelligence of the People. Under thMft nnns! derations. we wonld susgreSt the sjstem i o policy. of organizing a education that will afford facilities; for all who wish to become students and are not able to do so fbr wint that they ' be-- . furnished withinanual labors and1 lea m trades 'thnt will tuition;; ms wre enable them to pay;fbr consider far preferable to a free school system j as the females as well as males may be taught a Shall kwomeaf al how; to ) he ways be dependent? or: will, mothers wake up to their, duties and teach their daughters the importance of learning trades and that the true results of education are to" "prod uci what they consume 'arid to do something, riot only f btbersItJbeeiiiai : co-operat- ive of-mean- s; -- self-sustainin- g, . t'- - Hongt;iMlpa males them that to! teach t h ey "wtiiielfiealei arHileperideii r : .... - I-.- T '" in inlthespring water has Jfbrmerly had t6rests,. which seems the absorbing topic sina the elTect of turning the paint black, which,: it all our borders. Wc left Alpine with cere desire that its hospitable inhabitants is believed this cliange will prevent. ' live long and bo i happy;, tliat its fish might of month 1874, twenty;.Dcnixa the August, might increaso and grow larger; and that one million, four hundfed and thirty six thou its strawberries might never be like our ape sixty-threone hundred and 0 sand, pounds ere we pau se to say t m t ples worm ey-freighLpassMp verheUta h Cent ral Rai road like,Utarib,Uof4he:JHeraId', we" have a And in the same timej thirty-eigmillion, six pinful inspiriniorthamnse us td hundred and' eiguteen t'nousand, and forty army to do battle against the dbg, the poison seven pounds, passeu over tne utan dog Letthem all bo sent to Bergh's cor S. M. K. Southern itailroadV. A few; years ago rwhen all ral. the freighting in this part of the country was done; wi th ox teams, to much bnsi ness might not have been accomplished in ; a.whole year. FACTS AND FIGURES. ' V But these are fast times. In New York City over CO per cent of all JrJijifFiR$T,jLnstancerwebelieofJadIe3 be t irig called to act as jurors at a coroner's inquest h CfeacIierreMp enZMicagoemplp z in .thi Territory occurred on the 11th inst. It 93 per cent, of female teachers. Fel JTiiiitE; are flftyvenodges of appears that a young jnan, named AYm. Fletch er was killed at the Moltke mine, Little Cotr lows in California, witlifa 'total membership 4 tonwoSj, on tho evening of the 10th; probably of 3,0 1 through the premature explosion of a charge. IT is a criminal oiferice In France for a to his residence lather's His bodywas brought young lady to have in her possession a pho in this city where, on the following day, an in tograph of the Prince Imperial, quest was helti The jury; consisting of Joseph e and of rent-fre- e Independent Warburtori Mrs,' Arina King arid Irs. Eliza s the ltoyal: family of England beth Higgs, rendered a verdict" in accordance residences, draw from the, public treasury the annual with the evidence and quite as creditably, so sum of C55,G74.;! This makes the entire states a daily paper, as if two of them had not cost, on account of that one family, $2,377, to the weaker sex." ... . 1 -- 1 Mi 1 ht ; oi-freig- , 1 ; r ; 5;T cifc r tax-fre- , -- t 870 a year In gold. v ;v. l! ? WAn Mns. lAnua G. R. Bacon, now - residing 1 -- """"' ' mineral fources, this is all rlght'bht let woman do her part so thatF a man niaf If now thatwiien-lie-take- s a wifohe does riot fake aTparlor ornament; to waste all that lie can earn, in extravagance. There is certainly a great responsibility resting upon wives and mothers i ri regard to the health and longevity of their families. Teachers and parents cannot aUach to6Imueh iraporfaiice to thersut)jecTfeind every womrm should understand the art ot cooking. Never, until we thus popularize this accomplishment! can-W- belonged expects see healthy modes of Jiving arid a . ;W. people' free from disease. , REPORTER'S R AMBLINGS.. . - . - ' with her son atn Sherburne, .-- attaine- d- Y,; She is in herlOlst birthday: July LTTERVfftY' NOTICE. Since our last, wo have been rambling in good health and is tho oldest person now x ursuit of appetite for food toilubricate the iving in that town. I mus and of wheels ot thought "The Bible and Polygamy", is the title strengthen the a ton of ice is used ever' night to : : aiio ther ri ea t publication i ssued, f pm t he" Des-er- cles for labor. Our note of cool the air that is pumped info ;the House News establishment, :' Jtp a republication Commons. The air is filteretl and ren-- ; .oOfie celebrated discussion, between. Prof. s one of pleasant remembrances where we of : ' - f: ' dered f pureJ absolutely 'on Orson 'Piratty andjRewjDr.; J.; R Newman spent a few days of unalloyed j)leaure with op GoldjiNd Silver Coins. " Durability on sermons the kindest iriendsdrform'espy - FldWers, plural marriage; alsojof three from experiments made in St. It appears same subject : by Prest. Geo,; A, Smith and, Elr j fruits and social converse made time's flight theroplnlont ders O. Pratt and G. Q. Cannon. This worjeijs almost' imperceptible. On the day of our Peersburgrthatcontraryto coin wears away gold entertained, tor sale at the Desereti News Ofllee orjvdll be (departure" we f done" the great Vpublic att generally or faster than that silver, Twenty pieces mailed from there on receipt of the price: 50 raction the Woolen factory and the prac of gold, half imperialsi arid as ihfich of sil. tical machinist, Mr. Lowery made us appre ver copecks coins of about the same size cts., ,o '"" ciate the value of applied; skill, good ma- were put into new rkurels, mourited Jike ' HOME AFFAIRS. chinery, and artistic, taste .in the production churns, which were 1 kept' turning for ?four of: riner ;and "mprdelfcateiylinted ; labflei' hours: continually ; It Ayak th en 1 found on u han3ve-Jin- d On oa'about 3 pposedjcoul(Tbe product 'weighing. the coi nsUhat thelgold onesr had of imiiiigran ts" whoUeft Liverpool Beplember he 'Territory.' There is ail extensive tailor? lost sixty-fou- r grammes-- the, silver ones 2ud will arrive here.: iThey number about five nsr department connected with'the factory. but 'asthoj ,gbld .? pieces , thirty-four- ; , From iiere we started foi the railway cars : only hundred and. fifty 1 v'r'r;! .j were twenty-eigper cent. less than4hose a was with our beet lunch way 1 hospitable of silver, life proportion is of coursq greater The passengek train on the Utah Southern which us while time on with beguiled sped, to that amount in favor of the latter. Tho Railroad now; leaves this' City at 7 a7m;; ari ts accustomed wo and were regardle.ssnes3 16.15 also contained more alloy than the a.Jm rives at 2 p ml;; arrives atvProyo'nt minutes too late for the train.' OJ silver two ust : , gold. and leaves thereat 10.45 a.m. This change of too late, for the train! V ' ' time went into effect 011 the 10th in3t. ' Women in Medicine. "It must not.bo 6-r r T. yi. r five that a woman in the six teen th ELbEfc Mix L; Smith has been appointed to wo lOOKntno; express . train ior American forgottenlectured ably on olstetric3 to ! large preside over the 'Sandwich Island Mission in Fork where we arrived in time to listen to century the place of Elder F. A. Mitchell who will be an earnest and; instructive discourse by classes of both sexes;, that a, woman discovered the .cause, of uterine, hemorrhages; released to return home, on the arrival of ISIder Pres. A. 0.5 moot. 7 v;I v; that a woman brought into notice the now ' U Smith atLaie.U i THE KEXT MORNING: indispensible i Peruvian bark, having .first oue. we fr!end3 hundred over in a tested its virtue; that a .woman perfected a accompanied by invitation,1 iFiVEj poxESrcootaining to ti milesi drive &ent six Hoi of distant varieties fruit have, been Alpine, pleasant by the system of artificial nourishment for babes, location1 this of town The is to cultural Society of this city, the.l'eiinsyvat thrifty little which is still in use In France; that a woman , as miraciivu,-nesinngwhich it were, first illustrated her lectures by a manikin of ni Horticultural Society's pxinbilipn, peculiarly a of brow under mountain: the with cnshil her own Invention; that a woman made tho opens. tordaycpt15tb.;.Our;:HorticuItaral there furnish- first wax preparations for the, use of stuSociety de?ci ves . congratulations i- for o their streams meandering here and churn-powe- r, and dents in anatomy; that a woman was tho fishpond3, promptriefsrand pains taking in endeavoring to ing numerous and other 'attractions convenlen- - earliest performer of the Cesarean operashow of the good rcflccls cf home labor in their ces. inere.is a iegree 01 neatness and or- tion; that a woman effected the introduc--' line of business. ; der perceptible in and 'around' Alpine that tion of inoculatioii for smalIK)x; that a wotlXDER tiie fciiporSiion of Mr. Heury Glow, bears resemblance to a ;well regulated mili- man brought to perfection; a tube for the the Warm Spring Bath House is undergoing a tary post The7 most," pretentions cdifico Is restoration of children born In a stato of are the Church which Is large arid commodious; asphyxia; that a women prepared the first complete being. made and additional rooms prepared for and when completed it will be an elegant illustrntcd' medical Many, and- - that some the accommodation of, visitor?. Zinc, instead structure. .Here, much; if not most ot the very Important treatise on different themes of lead, Is b'eipg used In painting the bath tubs I oratorical talent of Utah Co. was assembled in medical sciences have been written by and. the general wood work of the house, as tho and exercised , on the subject of United in- - women. Rev. O. B. Frothlngham. 1 1 th. ; r 1 ct . . f -- - T ; , . , . -- - 1 ; -- .iiq -- ht - - - m , at ' m r , ; ' 6 : . A M - 1 T- -; " -- ; I - mill-powe- r, ; V.'" -- "-- change.--.-Many-improveme- nts i 