WOMAN'S EXPONENT; AN INTERESTING PAPER. REFLECTIONS. VOCAL CULTURE. Dear Exponent: ,Utitil recently the I would call attention practical belief has been that the ability to Tead jor. speak well was a gift, not an acquire ment. No analysis of the subject had been made. and but few teachers were able to detect the radical defects in the utterances of pupils, much less to correct them. Beading books contained a few exercises in articulation, emphasis, inflection, pauses &c, and these accidents were considered the Alpha and Omega of utterance. Now, however a more careful investigation of the subject has disclosed the fact that eyeryvocal sentiai element ' tyof voice, force of voice, stress of voice, of voice.and movement of voice r arid ..... that excellence in reading or speaking consists in a proper use of these six elements ; that from a combination oFtwo oimoroof these elements all other attributes of utter ance are produced, and that "the defects of reading and speaking are almost entirely the result of an improper use of "one or more of these six elements. The defects in inflection, emphasis, articulation, fcc, that weaken or destroy the power of expression are few indeed in comparison to the defects in quality, form, stress, pitch, force and movement. And yet it is, perhaps, safe to affirm that nine teachers out of every ten and ninety-nin- e speakers out of every hundred can neither define nor illustrate form, much less give it application to the various styles of thought. How one can read correctly or teach others to read correctly, a selection the elements of which he does not understand practically or unsolved. No is a mvsterv vet v v j a; one would presume to sing tune, ignorant of the notes composing the tune, and yet to read without knowing the elements of utterance is quite as difficult. That these elements of expression exist and are observed by all who have attained distinction in this department, all will admit wIio have attentively observed. .... , 1 -- to the 18th chapter of Revelations read tho whole chapter. Nuw what I wish to say concerning it, is this:- - Are we to understand, as, is generally conceded, that this "fall of Babylon" means her overthrow and utter destruction; or does it refer to her departure from the paths of rectitude, and the principles of rigeteous-nes- s, UnhiTlnn CMnniHao lrtnfil inn m 1 .. -- . two-thir- theo-rfitWll- v. - - r-a 1 a-your-eol W hfl T V Lit I government so confused and mixed as this ? bearing the elements of every other government, and the inhabitants of every other nation. Where have the merchants of all nations made themselves rielvin thejtrafhc of metals and all merchandise, and in slaves and souls of men ? . rAfter speaking of her fall, it says in verse 8. "Therefore shall her plagues come in one day," and tells what they are "Death and mourning and famine, and she shall be utterly burned with fire." Then, in the 10th verse it says "In one hour is thy judgment come." Also in the 17th verse, "For in one hour so great riches is come to nought." We understand that one day with the Lord is as a thousand years, and one hour, the twenty-fourt- h part of a day, or of a thousand years, is forty-on- e years and of a year. Have not the destructions here spoken of commenced? Was there not "death and mourning" when Columbia's sons were slain of thousands in the by thousands and tens late interned ne war? Is not t he earth wi th its contents being burned up? Is not the blood of the prophets found in her? See 24th verse. And if Jerusalem was to be adjudged guilty of the blood of air the prophets from the days of Able to the death of Zachariahin their day, how much more shall this government be charged with the blood of Prophets, of Saints and all the blood that has been shed upon the earth thavng.tha.ext ;Boothrijford with effusive, read all form, pathos man, amples of all previous generations: May medium subdued stress, force, us to understand. God help pure tone, , didactic M low pitclv and slow movement; thoughts with expulsive form, pure tone, moderate force, radical stress, middle pitch, and moderate movement; and this they do RAILROADS IN ITALY. because it is in harmony with the principles of nature principles established by the A traveler, who spent: much time i n Eustars " when the morning Almighty himself the railroads of Italy the d rope, pronounces Godshout-psons of all the and sang together finest in the world. The road beds arc al for iov:" principles still exhibited by most entirely smooth, the embankments are Him in every bird that carrols its joyous all of solid masonry, while the bridges are song of praise to its Maker,in every hissing of cut stone, often budt in the most artistic serpent that crawls upon the ground, in style. The stations are most magnificent every sighing breeze that murmurs among structures,the waiting rooms being elegantly torand roaring the branches, every angry, frescoed, and the seats of ..the finest velvet. nado that sweeps across our prairies. That At all stations where meals are taken, the which constitutes the difference in the read- train stops an hour. Every man conuected ing of these distinguished artists is not in with a railroad wears a uniform, and his the use of different elements but the groupposition is indicated by a badge. Passengers same of the elements, ing are shown into carriages by the conductors, and must determine To read aright, we who see that they have a "comfortable seat of elements the' then employ appropriate The light baggage is carried in for them by utterance. "American Journal of Educa- porters. The guard, or conductor, raises his ' tion." hat as he politely asks you for your ticket, and thanks you for your trouble as he returns it. Accidents are almost entirely unknown at sta arrive " The Governor of Maine has asked the nn Ttnlinn railroads, andThotrains cost of making Supremo Court for a decision upon the ques- tions- on the minute. roads is enormous. The tion of the legal right of a woman to be a and equipping these is Justice of the Teaco. Wouldn't the gov- rnnl used in generating steam tonbrought at sea and costs $10 per ernor of Utah prefer to decide all such from England, ' ' port questions himself? . f Mr. Editor Dear Sir: My father cut the following from a paper printed in Albion, Orleans Co., N. Y., some forty .years ago. . Never having seen it in any othcr .paper, I -will sendit to you-foplace umn of "Religious Reading. Emma S. D., Albany Co., N.Y. "A description of the person of Jesus CumsT as it was found in an ancient manuscript sent by Publi us Lentullus, President of Judea, to the Senate of Rome: virtue and morality ? I think the latter: and that the sayings therein containted, " There lives at this time, in Judea, a strictly personate and declare the present man of singular chaiacter, whoso name is situation of this. American, or Republican Government For how oh how! hath she Jesus Christ. The barbarians esteem him as their prophet; but his followers adore i w. lol - i - . ; . - ; . ds TnortarGodr paralleledivirtue a& to callback the deadly from their, graves, and to heal every kind of disease with a word or touch. His person is tall and elegantly shaped; his aspect amia-- 7 MelmllreimrcTTt beauteous shades Which no united colors can match; fall ng in graceful curls below his ears, agreeably couching on his shoulders and parting on the crown of his head; his dress of the sect of Nazarites; his forhead smooth and large; his cheeks without either spot, save that of lovely red; his nose and mouth are formed with exquisite symmetry; his beard is thick and suitable to the hair of his head, reaching a little below his chin, and parting in the middle like a fork; his eves are bright clear and serene, lie re bukes with mildness, and invites with the most tender, persuasive language: his w nolo address, whether in word or deed being elegant, grave, and strictly characteristic of so exalted a being. No man has ever seen hirn laugh: but the whole world beholds him weep frequently; and so persuasive are nistnnrs. that the whole multitude cannot withhold their tears from joining in sympathy with him. Ho is modest, temperate ana wise. In short "whatever the phenomenon may turn out in the end, he seems at pres ent to be a man of excellent ueauty anu uivine perfections, every way surpasing men.' ""Rural New YorKer." -- -- . THE SEX. Four hundred women have enlisted in the temperance movement at Xcnm, Ohio. Mrs. Beniamin Wood recently appeared at a charity ball wearing only $10,000 worth of diamonds and point lace. Mrs. Maxwell is engrossing clerk Mrs. Elliott is postmaster, and Mrs! Quixon is for the Iowa Legislature. paper-foldftimuel A Adams was recently granted a divorce by a Vermont court "on account of the intolerable severity of his wife Sarah." At the seigc of Ancona in the eleventh century, the city was more grievously pressthe arms of the ed with famine than-bn A woman by the exhaustion of her two sons, and hopeless of other relief opened a vein in her left arm; and having prepared and disguised the blood which flowed from it with spices and condiments (for these luxuries still aboundhuned,) as if to mock the cravings of that ger which had slight need of any further stimulant than itsown sad necessity, presented them with the beverage thus prolonging the existence of her children, likeis the bird of which similar tenderness fabled, even at the price of that tide of life by which her own was supported. History of Italy. . er bc-seige- y heart-broke- rs. 