, - - WOMAN'S E XP 0 N.E N,T. u 8 V' . . ... white of an egg contains eighty-si-x per cent "water; mote, fromJhe111agolwh'e been fiftv-tw- o ;BUILD HIGE cent. The thft volk "weight average per She took: boarding In a family reared. w f ' f' nf an c?sr is about two ouncesPracticallv an ecu where were a number of young' Tiiieii''ahd To who build on eartbljott . is animal food and 7et there is .nonOf the broth ers and sisters. ' The young women, BuiJ bJgh i tiii'-'Cjwork: of tn& butcher nercssaiV to obtain it menHvere clever in; business active and 'entoll 1 profit v :?VVfould ypu bypur ' ' The Teeetanans of England use effirs "freely; and terprising;- Tho whole femily were rough By and bj, y .;;";'.; manv of these men are ekhtv ' and 'innetv rears old and" unrefined cared nothing about religion. Bulld.above the water's deep j yiAnfiy.ffow, ,'v. and have been wniarkably free from' illness. A The daughters were moro susceptible of cul- Bearlflf on with niljb ty iweep trood xzz is alive. :.The shell is Txirous and the tiyatiqn and -- Improvement-.in . mindrand -below. All " air goes through the shell and keeps up a r kind of mariners. The new: teacher "was the rirido ; Build not thou upon tho sand respiratiou. An ;$rjr soon become stale in bad bfthe house. is untroe-'-'t-0- ' ' -acid. . E?es v la the storms it will not stand air or in drv air charged with arbonic in "her presence,' .One of the, young men 7 7 CO" J r.::.r: . ancf retiin dried hh ba made for mav thmr tn coodnw Krmtoyou.. Immediately i To who !ive to Ufes strange a xuug uujGj or uie. imeu. mayue varaisu(?u, .jwxucu any f hing"for her sake lie could "go every excludes the air, rrhenif kept in a moerale tem- Sabbath to public w6r8hip97eaye''6fflliis:pro- - -Above the mists that follies yield --perature; they may be kepi'fresli' Tot yeariT'iTresh fanity which he hadJ;practiced-fr6m-'ehild-hooIlaunts of vice whero passions reign eggs are more transparent at the center." bid ones whiskey and tobacco "were repudiated with full ... '! ' on the top. Very old ones are not transparent in as obhoxiousnd' prescriptive. 1 Surely, the And scene of crtoe, of woe and pata salt-haeitLer which humble of wakr lu la a soul place, saved wai in the girl thought, ft' Cloud the' way; ; ' indifferent been sink and man.: ' of. good this dissolved, eggs She went redenoption lire above, yet stoop to raise ybung ones m water.to i The fallen up, swim. iJadKgs noat pure lne ;her revered father .and. mother to ask st If their consent to marry himrrHer mother, ei"2s are laid by young hIthy- - hens. Help tUetata walk Jn better, ways,---I j r;;JTo shun tho cup they are properly fed the eegs :aro better tha if less penetratmg and i "observant of . human ..' Tcamiu? with miseries to the brinks they are allowed to eat all kinds of : food. : Eggs character than' the iatHer, AYas moire Inclined L Aye Cowing o'er, , are best when cooked four minutes. I I iThis i takes to twst her daughter's . j udgmen t j;bu i her Teach thtm at truth's full fount to drjnk !' ' It leaves no ioe; away the amimal taste that is - offensive .to some. therMeXVith wis46m and iuno!rsfarid- - . does not so harden the white , or yolk as to f ngkriovihg th . But calms the soul with care Oppressed but j " And cheers the way r. make them hard to digest. An e.zT if cnoknd verv bis right; ji r'heayiirotf the floor, replied v r to a bright eternal rest . r . ; ; hard ' ; ' "with those dicult of is digesdon,"except.' by with; great emphasis; mjt daughter; do you And endless day. ' eaten with - such i stomachsIve .v: . t stout should not eggs Uor. know, that light and'darkriVss' Hrinbt bread and masticated' very finely." An excellent dwell togetherr'the wouldnbt giveliis con-- v HOUSEHOLD HINTS. sandwich can with eggs and brown bread. sent rThe dduirhterw'ent back with a firm An egg spread on toast is food- - fit for a king, if resolverfto breaknthe:intimacy; but alas! r l ' Boiling. Ilicd boiled ' slowly !7ill swell ;rat kings deserve any better fcK)d' than anybody else,; how feeble were hefr resolves. Her lover better and 'notf adherb' 'td tbe kettle- Heat inilk which is doubtful. Fried eggs are "less" "whole- was ' not to be trifled with. He solemnly ' bIowIt to avoid some than boiled ones. An egg dropped in ' hot protested she should be. his, or he would burning; water is not only a clean and handsome but a de hang himself some : night before : her door, Milk Cates.-Ta- kb 1 egg and a pint sweet milk- licious morstl.' : Most people.: spoil ;the tasto and she should forever bear the. blame. uu uutJLwucaw iiuur until uio Daiicr is ratner stin their eggs by adding pepper and salt. A little She had notow;er to yesist his entreaties, -then add 1 teasDoonful rcast nowder n Mti U 1. sweet butter is the best - dressing. v Eggs contain andjthreatenings, and" so they" were married. vw ".'bako quick! ; If liked Very light, add more yeast j. much phosphorus, which is supposed ; to be useful Six murith? had mucn. rouitry'iie- - she saw her hopes of a 'new llfe in the ' man Dins; 0l5?M.usc't"t;ir it Buckwheat Cakes. Scald 1 Dint com mrjit-wliview. bt she had ' ocarly cold, add 1 and one of buck. pint hlis ral d n hf n'rft was fd il 1 th 'Awr; ni n nl ilrfi: h prn t: wiieat aitablespoohful molasses a little salt and a as the ivolf; and lamb are'unllke. ' -- ! " 7 . ADDRESS v iub ytast; 6uu. water oi tne same tempera- Years passed-:ashe' had grown tura unm a umi, batter is made; keep it warm 'nh TO THE YOUNG XAIHJES RLTBEmiEOT daughters when knew them. Her sister ... t It Ht. f hAn KnlrA til the Ex "or '""v" v I txyx. lM , - -- v disa-tntab- r4 '.. f- le -i : -- V : -!t , : '' " w ? f " . d - j- my)X;T', . s one-ten- th ' ' - b-- ' ? " ' . . .". . : ; - W .:; -- ;- , , .a Wgindfthb 'familset ;'-;r- " ' ,' . r be'-piad- e , - - . - " ? 1 sfc WddedI nr, .1 cat-me- al ? - ftf - v. iwu ftu iiuurwnen pfJ-bg-vafcr- ' ; ; It Uiwai UUllJ ALA V4-- ' . BT MBS. I B. PIUIX ; ;' ; i I have desired My Dear Youncr Friends: - .because 1 feel my heart swell with interest for your in all time to comei Man v wise coia, suco ana roU in flour 16 "addfesaryDu" ; Karm; yMi sugar and butter orsVcct niilk. ' - ;,Cheap. Pudding. Put in a tia pail 2: quarts of vm.vv uiu ouu ocb ii m a Jteiwo oi DOIiing wa ter, .when very hot, stir into it l jint of meaJ; take and add ,1 teacup. molasses, . A I. tea- JPoonful of salt and tone of cinnamon; bake in a -- on-this-o- cion " well-bein- j? instructions arid sanitary counsels have you rfvVivv! in this hripfrnm VhnA ivh'k Toir it watch' care over leaders who preside1 over this branch of the Church of which you are mehibers;,;i Shield ed as you are' by such brbteclincr : care, it -- seemsiaatufal-t'o's'uDpose- ' ..,nueg.,I3,7;;-;,.- -' v .:,2 Vj. be no danger that you cotild he led astrav.' Clean Gloves Ib Make a thick mucilage neither is there any while- - you--: vrdteK dnd ' ly little a boiling flaxseed, to which add a'litUe pray for yourselves; ' but remember : ihe: ' and when the mixture cools mpe the spap, tempter is; always nigh, and will seek the ' gloves with a piece of white flannel, previously opportune 'ihbme'n't torspread!6i2t tils snares r ' fitting them to the hand. Use' only enough of the and his speciouV appearance - is : so ; alluring cleansing mature to take off the dirt: without wcU that tbo mos. Innocent Will sometimes in v .' dis-solv- ed ;- - 1 f and "find hef' mind'involvedr-'livhat: ; to a meal and flour td: have a 'careful. young girl; flour) scald tho meal by blessing a lia?, Mir,S waUr on now Diessprt - is t ia 'when nearly ""itiuui uiuuicrraiiu itj PJ?? cold add th flour, the same ter wha will on all impbf tanf occaslbris. quantity of yeast as daugh ' XV h seekher "mother's counsel: .v. wuw u urcaa ana a intio melted M ' back on ; lard4and saltj mako tie clri! I can'reciulinanv my life, long stiff dough and knead iti cumstances which a warm at in t put placo to riso and bake it longer diate observation, "iv!icrem ' Bomo beautiful than tto Jdcds of bread.- '.: . no was wrecteu, through' mere condescen ''Eggs vsi Jlcat. Would it not be wis-- to isab: sion. and sympathy; I' will Telato'brift-i- hi tmuto moro eggs lor . meat in cur daily diet? stance. lv;;.: i.r;t.:;a?.' I ' A?? o&k height of 'an egg i 'com A'pure-minde- d youiicr frirl'who had bhnri n This h tuor than can le said ofin'rat reared parent-?- a sweet .lr "tough'picoia that havo its hi carefully I UidMidai" A pood Kade up of.tra 'jarts allrirood. and lovpiuwuieni gin.wno loved . u il . Lti m EhIl. lltV rrtrt77 TrUrt ""4 , went to teach school iff a' district ' re uiuxy paru jois. ine -- (or-.ry- o j - - - Jm - . - ; ' ; i -- : 1 Wt: .Thaw byj-eligiou- , , s , .fco-bone- gk: -- in telling: me the tale of. the young .girl's woe, wept with as much apparent anguish, ai though !6he had stood razing upon her lifefess formclad in ihe habiliments of the grave. aThepoorlw above her sorrows, left her gross companion) and lived with and loving daughter, iler whole being seemed consecrated to the love 01 uod. ... If any woman was ever purified by affliction, and made perfect through ' suffering, that one .truly was. Dearly, did ihe pay for disobeying her lather. - ziuuiuw luauiucojx 10, snow a striklrfgcoritra Salt :pak& City, riiany.yearf Tago. ' She was gbod;aiid ehtle loving and Jiuicnble like the one aboVq described; She was an un- - full h ehVtn wv4g u add" salt whftn I. V7"7 w I 1 . JlKlli '"iettteiuiif wnti "'' r 1 fifuV-:trftW-- r a , - - r '.'ris - -- ; . wiu-xejiai- f e i ;d'efttandlnihUd,l6 clave to her fhiQ(her;.w1th ''great devotion, her father haviner died ' f ri lier:i "ihfflnrv Years rolled awayslie grew to" bd a woman ,. learned; her history.? Her mother - told me hovvitrue and. faithful she had :been tojier in ajl her trials; (which, had; .been :many,) how true to God andjier religion . Sho told r mo herself. how in.her ;:;ear- - lifpishe-- . had .re- solved never to encourage the attentions of any gentleman: with twhom her .mother was not' pleedsho said, knew J never onei-of"whom my could . bo happywith any mother did not approve.' So wnen a gentleman called to'seo me, I '.would notice par- - . tlciilarly 'whether 'ma'. , seem ed favorably im pressed with hii". conversation and "gen-erdeportment;" If ihe 'did 'not;1;! would , 1 . . 'J" " al hive At lencrth; one ea me, whb" pleased them both, ho was firm : 