i . Vol. 2. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, EDITORIAL NOTES. March No, 20. 15, 1874. ' Medical education for women in I was much pleased with the scenery of Paris. A Boston paper, of a dale evidently tho Buckskin mountain. The western -- as-ce- nt The women's temperance crusade in Ohio previous to the collapse of the Napoleonic and Indiana is unabated. dynasty, says; "The Empress is at last going to have ajivish dear to her heart real of written The his wife, izedthV foundation of a free medical ml- life Agassiz, by . 1 1 t w ana reaur tne press, jww compicieu ipr ladies, in Paris. Tlie supportert of The lady has been employed on it for several legefor th plan are Nelaton, Milne-E- d uards. and L 1 1 ' I J ''''"'- south-easterl- ofrllm fKky great interest and value. i is gradualj'free from rock, and hence favorable for wagon roads. The excellent groves of pine poles and saw timber aro cheering to the eye. We traveled 10 miles y in a direction, and camo t; the Eastern slope. This descent is steep and J Three-fourt- . hs Franeare wefffl offheparishesof t " pure stream, gushes from a cove in a purple mountain. ; The facilities for "winter ing- - stock arc excellent, but4 too small for ealmgjirfci to to be sold them, HliosleadTbelonging -U--farming. liaW Knnrir UUilUigi nf tU.l.VS. onfinn 'fii isyeryc severe i against- Tunlicensed UV UV ... 4Vt nna HUIIItlVVt Oct. 7th, we moved 12 miles, direction i winus at tne suostitutcs ere lj RiYtv.flvnnW-nf-4f- i practitioners, ,... Stephen jLt jt m.jj , - T fJ JU . V i. t '. - - . UiVvu -- V ! 4 1. n LA. small- - the-Iaw -. 11 VI i i 1 atedjbynecessity. SwedeiOiasTafcA inhe lead m this matter, and by the cures of the pie mountain; heavy sand the entire dis- r daugh diminution has been tince. We nooned at Jacob's Pool so ter. All because they refused to sustain doctresses a sensibledeath-rate the result in the of the rural named because there is a good place to make taxation without representation. Every Here is an acknowledgment a pool a small spring afford ing water barely good and just cause has its heroic votaries. populations." sufficient for our horses; wood scarce. We which is of some value to found the boat, loft there by Jacob Hamblin Mrs. Leonard and Mrs. Chickering of especially in the way of encouraging them in to persevere in so useful a department of 18C0, in a demoralized condition. The Boston, speak in favor of a separate prison lumber was sound, but the nails were all for women. The latter states that 4,000 effort. gone, and the boards sadly warped. Wo women are yearly being committed to the Mrs. Prescott, an intelligent and educated held a council and resolved to rest th ere for jails in Massachusetts, and coming out rarely appeared before the Committee the night; and agreed to divorce tho boat, or never better, generally worse. - Such an Legisla "Pride of Jhe West" forever! The boys estimate, if correct, should justify imme on State Affairs ofthe Wisconsin plead for the Winneba crocs. She made several large paddles from boards diate, favorable action on the part of the ture, to taken from the boat; these we carried on Prison Committee, to whom a petition from asked how the. whites Would like the treat- our ment some of the Indians had received were pack horses to the river. the ladies has been made. On the 8th we made an early start. Our the case reversed. ; trail still kept close to tho foot of tho mounTnE raising of frogs for market has been tain That day wo doubled- - the Purple proposed, as the demand so much exceeds A LErTER, Promontory and swung round to the North. the supply that they are becoming scarce 'A'he port ion o country-- th ereis1: very -Seth Green believes "there Is nothing made EROM J. R. sandy, and often broken by deep, rock in vain" and even the stagnant pools might bound gullies. For 12 miles there was be converted into frog ponds; also that "It 1874. Feb. 12th, Glendale, plenty of grass, then the soil changed from wTould make the man wealthy who could Mrs. L. Greene Richards, sand to purple or blue clay at times coverraise a million frogs and get them to marDear Friend: On the first of this month ed with thin slate rock, but the greater part ket." After reading Mr. Green's experian ash heap. Our horses ence for two years, in which he mentions I visited Kanab, to give a parting word to soft and dusty like tho ti ii mprnus dangers besettiner the infan-- . Bro. John L. Bly the and the brethren who often sinking to their knees in this dry ?nfhn& (uun wir wwa 4h w lady-physician- s, half-bree- d, -- - M r My . tile fros. small fortune to get them there. we-'con- Fillmore died on the 8th inst, at his residence in Buffalo, New York. President Grant,4 on the 9th, announced the event to the , country; eulogized the deceased, and ordered the Executive Mansion and public departments to be dmnpd in mourning also that suitable mili- tary and naval honors be jmd on the occasion as a token of respect for the memory of the Mr. Fillmore name was in- of timately connected with the early history this Territory, having signed the bill creat its first governor. In ingit and appointed honor to him, one of its counties is called Millard while the seat thereof, once the Territory's capital, is known as the city oi Ex-preside- ex-Presid- nt Millard ent Fillmore. Girls who place all their dependence on pink and white beauty ought to remember what N. P. Willis once wrote on the power of education to beautify that it absolutely chiselled the features; that he had seen many a clumsy nose and thick pair of lips so modified by thought awakened and active sentiment as to be unrecognizable. And he on the ground that we so often see Loplo homely and unattractive in youth, bloom in middle life into a softened Indian Summer of good looks' and mellow tones. una not Know mat uoa is wiin us ana n i naa never seen xns power inaue niamiest iu making the feeble strong my heart wrould be filled with fear for this humble band of brethren: As it is they are full of hope, faith, and energy; and I believe they will be blessed of the Lord, and find happy homes' in the much dreaded land of the Colorado. Here I will leave them, and turn the promise I my thoughts toward fulfilling : gave you so long ago. - On the 5th of October, 1869, a small com- - pany of men, under the Presidency of Jacob Hamblin the1 famous 'Indian Man" left Kanab with the intention of visiting the Moquis Indians. Our first day's ride of 25 miles brought us to the Western foot of the Buck skin mountain, 'ine country passea over, was covereu wnn siige urusu auu We scrubby cedars, no running water. found a few "Pockets" holes in rocks fill- ea witn rain waier. inese -- rocKew, iu the winter and rainy seasons, aoouna au and some parts of Ari- over Southern Utah, ' zona.: : . We camped near a band of Piedesr Their d all night over medicine man one of their Braves who wa accidentally days before, while hunting pounded a few bone was badly broken, and deer; the thigh the bullet still m his body. The following day threo Piedes of this band went with us as guides. : . . i"pow-wow'e- mineral..'' Thirteen miles on, we reached Soap Creek, a small stream impregnated with alkali, and other poisons, rendering it unfit for use. From here we passed on two miles and halted for dinner. From this camping place on, wo found no feed until we reached the Colorado, near the and the road was mouth of the Pah-reavery bad, deep washes in considerable numbers, and very dusty. ' We passed Boulder Point so named from tho lact that tliero are many boulders from 10 to 20 feet in hight and nearly square, poised upon a small column of clay, G or8 feet high, wind and wrater having evidently washed the rest of the earth away. As we h; '. neared the river, the mountains were towering high and close to each other. Just before sunset the scene presented was wild and romantic but of a dark, death like shading. We camped on the banks of the Colorado, having traveled 25 miles. Oct 9th. Peter Shirts or any other man At the mouth is welcome to the Pah-reathereof, there is no timber, no farming land, and the water seems always to bo . h. . muddyr'';';:--:rr"----'''- f ; At this point tho Colorado is about 250 yards wide. We spent the day in constructing a raft, and' in rafting ourselves over. Wo made eight trips, and Succeeded in reaching tho eastern shore with the loss of two horses. . : To be continued. 