W O M AN 8 E XPONENT, fV off the single notes. Never did a day's work requisite to strike a key on Ilorr Eubin- stein's piano, and found it. to,be equivalent of any klndiiilhe7came here. ; - j which is 2 5 ounces. u What is jha t vJj1 ch a person likes to have All honor to the lady clerks at Washing-t- o and to ret rid ..oir a s .soon as. possi bl e ? A ton for adding the strongest proof yet given ine force exerted oy tne pianist in playing of Avomari'd nower to loso friendsand for the2,990 note jpiecoJie therefroni calcula" The still retain virtue i arid indepen ted taamoflht to 94 i cwTHEIerr SchmidtF provisions in tho ark" did not give tune alid out They had as much JIara at the end of dence, J '.God bless tho multitude of faithful then intruded into Herr von Bulow's room which was a harderv workers who are showing each day how and tried his piano, the voyage a.. when they started. v 'J i' ' 'i i possible it is for them to earn their owriliv- - J touch, but which no doubt Herr Bubinstein five ': Tiieee Is a word in .our of language and yet remain cultured, respected Ltduld have played on perfectly well. ' 'Here ing, letters and if.ftvo of tho letters are removed Chronicle. the pressure would have amounted to 118 ladie.Washington stone. one is word will and that 0 remain, cwt. This discovery maybe of : use to only ' It la sometimes tho privilege of the lover pianists who are unaware of how great an MODEL: FARMER'SWJFE.,. A effort of muscle they go through in playing to be. at one and the same time, in two sit a piece, but surely it requires a . Uerman uations i When 'besIBiilffa mntreB hOTnay thusTdescribcsa-iar- Fletcher Matilda pdferdtJrawucbra-lessonJroalso Ite besideihimselE mer's .wife uho is not only , beautiful and cert: -A lady promised to give her maid $25 as wise but rgsesseseveral cardinal- - virtues a marriage portion. 'Why, Mary, .what a in 'addition.. :i:ty. n novo trntV'- ' Mlinnr mci little liiihirfl "The most beautiful woman I have ever II . . DINWOODEY . whattould you- - expect fdr known was a former's wife who attended to & Betail FunNiTURE Dealer. AN exchange having advised its readers the household duties of a family of four, and Wmoisalb to plant peas ."in the new moonithojNor- - also assisted in gardening and, the Ught farm Largest Agsortment In XTtah " ' 1 saw and hands her. never rough lie has remored his Furniture from Main St. to his three yet rislown Herald asks, "But how are tbey go work: a nevertsaw on and and red. freckle her ; v;r'ir"7" .!;' storey Brick Store,' ing to r do itt They can't t reach up. The she nose. how did 3Tou Impossible! say; ground is a better place to plant peas any XIEST 50XJTH ST.j Y BLOCK WEST OT CORNIK. 1-- . - " .? ' ; s. , i "-- . : , - : ' , I i ' f 1 : 1-- . - -" ; m ' ' - : ; ' u-i-- ,, .- - $25,S: ' I never ' " ' CO-O- P. asked her,, but. she had slouchA call to start a society for tho study of some envious neignDors who .wents'uuburnt ing around with red, scaly hands, 8ciencewas responded-t- o persons Taces, and baiimattedwith-dus- t and oil, H. WALLACHJ Tho next morning sixty-seve- n were people lias the best, Urge t and purest stock of confec I in Wooster of front House who let me into the dreadful secret They the standing informed me an shake ominous with wholly absorbed in watching two men set a of the head that shemany was. just the proudest tionary in Salt Lake city. Just .ihe'placo for ladies . hitching Transcript. minx that ever lived : that .she actually to purchase' ,', "" " wore india-rubb, Thackeray tells of an Irishwoman beggloves when she used the scrubbirig-brnsbroom of and saw him putand always ging him, who, when she J . ! DOGTOK CEOCKWKLIi hand when in his cried worked his she also she that out, lay - .1 pocket ting '' . j " 1 ' ont jl the blessings of God follow you all the days nau a uonnei mane oi siik, completely Has had nearjy 40 years experience In the treatment of of your life VI but when he drew out his covering the head, face and neck, leaving female making- tbeir complaints a speciality. He and relief in perilccs cat t safe?ea guars ntts snuff-boquickly added "and never over- only apertures for seeing and; breathing, without the unpUaiam ana8ptdy uangerous use of instruments, - L V take you." J thus securing perfect freedom from sun, butHLwith tlmplefillberts. the nuptial couch with bllsti rarrcunds remedies - Did wind and dust such of ever," hear the ones and prevents their untimely adheart with you joyous The Boston "Traveler" says when they vent. , also She dishcloth fastened her He refers.to hia numerous patrons for the last 10 years want to find out in tho country if a gir depravity? . to a D tahv so stick iu riot she need that hands her put is courting or not, an old lady steps in and Residence near streetcar the Ward. 8th Fourth track. remarks: "I say I there ain' t no one sick in in hot water. For the same reason she ac- East kt., Salt Lake City. ' this hero house ornothin' is there? I see a complished her laundry' work with a machine and wringer. And then to seo her in light burnin' nigh onto 12 o'clock last night, the afternoon tricked out in a fashionable but 1 don't smell no camphire or nothin CLUB BATES. white dress, with a bright colored ribbon .at ' n round." ; ' her throat and a rose in her hair, entertainDetermined that nothing rhall be wanting on the part in ing of the ' T A ViV nr vrT-Ctxt tr tJtTTXTrsnrA vr greatest lady in the land, was .more than ExroXEXT; and aid in promoting thTTecVsTconleiif" their patience could indure. And her hus- plated In its; pnWicatioa, by making it truly an cxpo-ne. I am acquainted with a lady who writes band! He had such a satisfied expression of the tiews of the women of UUb, sustained by fcpenceriau pages in tho Patent Office at that it was a perfect aggravation to or- - them, read by them, and its columns enriched. with a Washington; for $900 a year. Her lather ainary people to look at him. He deserved widely circulated expression of tbeir thought?, wc ofTer was a naval officer of long and meritorious to; be happy, because he encouraged and the following iifcerai terms to' clubs Xor the present toI- J itservice, and died a Bear Admiral. Her helped her to cultivate beauty in her 1 year with a "copy to the getter up of husband nut $70,000 on. thV self, her famLy and her home; and I don't 10 copies;club. 118 00. the , ;:: ; ealo stock itho in New York, lost, and know but her success principally belonsred 1 year, with a copy to the getter 15 of copies, ,; up sneaked to the hereafter through the back to him, because he brought all the new in - . the club,. 26 00 door of suicide. Patient and lovable, she ventions that could lighten her labors and 20 1 a to with the of copy getter up cople, year, works as steadily as if some mighty reward all the delicate and pretty things she needed ttieclub, and framed teel cneraTing 12x IS: inches, of President Brigham Young, selling Avcro near at hand. I suppose it is hope on. to adorn her home, and when she was sick , price, ra iA) hope ever, with her, though nobody can see he wouldn't let her touch work until she was SOcoplep, 1 year, with a copy to the t etter up of Vine fr avnnf sKn uua nnWTilno. . . kj uAiu i in .i u vnv the clob, and a superior first proof steel Ill well and strong. Strange as It may seem, iiitii I u..'n jl. i: of of routine and a humble "grave. !" In Paris, at such times he actually devoted himself Brigham Young, hand-,- ;. 43 00 framed, telling price S 4,.. soweiy she would have flown first to the struts arid to her with as much care and tenderness as then to the charcoal brazier. In London it hie would if she had been tho most valuable Clahstanbe commenced at any time, and additions : ; ,. can be made alter the firtt list of names his been scat. would have been th e Argylo rooms, gin, and horse on the farm;" Getters np of clnbs thou Id notjfy us of their intentions the waters of tho Blackfriar's Bridire. ' As so that we can credit them with all names tent in. you pass th e tab! es of tho lad i es i n t h e Muscle in Music.-- Of all the discoveries Treasury building you are moving among for which the world is indebted to Cerinan In all cafes gire the name and rcldence of each subsbelter materials for romance than exist in professors, one cribe-, plainly, and correctly written, with the time Professor published just by the teeming brains of Hugoor Turgeniett whether for tLiim tobe'the moat singular. awhen each saUcription Is to commence, and ixhmidtmay ' see or whole woman half year. to your: 1. ft " that second 'You Herr Rubihstien play at a eoneert, Hearing . can be remltUd by registered letter at the risk whimpered Spinner. "Her father was oncj he took it into hi head to count the notes efMoney linnrl n f trrrt iotlrtilis 'Phu IS"? of : the publishers. t which that famous pianist, had played' by laid him out She married a Baden baron and found them to amount tn r.n n?m desiring the address changed from one and He left her in a year or two for some heart, Post Odce to. another should tend 'us their, former, as Dutch, flame She has' a noble little boy, fully justifyingrthereforeranassertion pre- well as their new address. V i.i.. .1 made by the physiologist llarine-viously a it. five yeara old now. Says she is going to fit Sfthmit thphpi vlolf ' We hope mat agenis ina iaaies iniocgnoanQe lerri- ttjiwuiars lay caning him for Havard arid thtn mako tax Of any'uponiho niftmorv TTorr tory," espccUUy Presidents and Officers of Relief Socle- H,?f a Senator. of him. ' AVatch her count that was, however not satisfied with this enu- - ' -mtney. You cannot movo your fingers up faTorably to the notice of on subscribers and Austrian neukreutzera royxn and down in the air as fast as sho brushes othcnrIse using their iaflaenc. to Ueresse he tested the pressure tion and usefulness. hoW." -- J;, manage? V"-..".'.---.- '.'.T -- : . by-fl- ve . post--Earlv- : ille 4 . i er , - '- , h, ; out-door- V- ' s; " A ' ? ' - aii-eat- e, -- x, " :- : " : ; . r. t ' . - -1-- r . ' '. . . , ;. ; i- . nt -- . '- -" s . , . . J 1 1 : 1 I I - r- - en-gratl- ng Pret-idcn-t . . ; . 1 : : Sabt-criber- s i--.- ; . A by-and-- , . m i;Cl mi a wm by, 1 Sidvm aj... -- - 