r iIZZjLli V---i -'- 'WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A large ana Deautimiiy ornamented "birth- day cake" bearing the date of birth, and nanjte of the Trophet made for the occasion by Mrs. E. Davis was presented to the company. And every individual present, had the privilege of being personally satisfied, that the splendid appearance of the cake was fully' equaled by its ' , eating qualities. Miss Snow being unable to deliver an.address, ou account of a severe cold, penned the follow ing, which was read by Miss Mary E. Cook up by the Company, with articles mostlv belonging to itself, were as rieatly and com- forcibly furnished as anv wo havo had "the pleasure ot entering this season. Works of art of various kinds, from their library. which graeed the tables of the withdrawing room, spoke well for the good taste and love of refinement which is cultivated and en couraged by the officers and members of the department. The ball is to be continued this evening,so as to givefalith6 firemeh"an4 opportunity to participate in the festivities, Tribute to the Memory of and enjoy themselves. Anniversary J. Ttito T emir CrTTir ' ' " . . , - BY E. It. SNOW. FROM JUAB. - anni We are now celebrating the sixty-eigbirth-day of a and of the good great versary man. The birth and mission of Joseph Smith, the man whom God called in childhood, to be His in opening the long predrct- ed "Dispensation thelamess .2. u. n f linnl n all i i nA fti,.ir nntinna AJXnJWA w iiUtlVf LIO tllA bill 14 MaforinQ JJa Knvhv Na imr. ied in pblivion. No greater prophet, except Je sus Christ, ever lived on earth. As a philanthropist, .his soul was broad as Eternity. In the cause of trutn ana righteous- ness in all that would benefit his fellow man, Ma intPritv w as firm as thfi nillars 6f Hea- vcn. He knew that God had called hi ni to the and all the powers of earth and hell combined, failed, either to deter or divert him from his purpose. With the help of God and nis oretnren, ne laici ine iounuatioa oi uie , 2fiwii Hvincr nnd in nil frt n to the dead. to also but srenerations come, the confronted the, false Heboldlv and bravely traditions, superstitions, religions, bigotry and true to ignorance of the world proved himself me Dnuciuie-iiu ms pvprv neavfin-reveaihisJ testisealed to then true and brethren God, faithful his left and mony with his blood, his brother nh lanthropist, Brigham Younsr to lead forward in the mifflity work which he had commenced. JIov Successfully connection with.his brethren, Pres. Young,-ilabored in fulfilling the designs of the first has leader, living facts demonstrate more forcibly than the power of language The names of Joseph Smith and Brigham Young are like their works, interwoven in The memories oi wreaths of Tmmortalitv. never these men will perish. - ' .) 117 HUMOROUS. : A smart thing A mustard plaster. rheumatism, An UNroruiuVRism,,---Th- e hold of tho llw to raise beets--Tako ' Xlua connection link between the animal and vegi table kingdoms Hash. ;t the birds that please us with Of " their lays, the most popular is the hen. as It is very easy to say, Take things they come; but suppo3e they don't come.7 It is rather, odd Singular affection -should run away! and; that so many horses to which smash vehicles they are so much all ht . Dear Sister I will not say Editor Woman's Expo nent, because I never learned; to write for hope of a Greene-Richard- choseu-instrume- nt k. wail-- . nl-- WV C 11 V- wi ea suc-cpsso- 1 r. , n A Maryland paperTlnTseanninniF death of a lady, says "she lived fifty years with her husband,1 and died in confident 15th 1873, Dec Nepiu, I I s; par. "X Per in a manner to pieasem feUL But if you can, at any time, cull an item from my writing.' :to you, that will beof your paper, you are at liberty to do ho. Brest. Young Two . ago yesterdav, - weeks and Part arnvta licre anuVbtaj eel ftVlr onn. day. During the time,: wehadrauch valua-worble preaching. Brest. G. A. Smith, wife and 'son stooped with us. We had a fine tim visitinr with7 Sister Bathsheba. She -a- ny-tise-to . k, vis t here. We had a meeting called of the Relief Society; There was a general turn out, to listen to the good advice and whole some counsel of Sister bmith. fehe sp ke on the subjects of Sunday Schools and the interest we as mothers, should take in get ting our Children ready to go, in teaching them to pay tithing, to he! p build temples and every other good work, baia the sis ters should sustain their husbands in every goaMntheyhouldxbo-carofuI4- o serve the words of wisdom. She spoke to tho vnnnr ladies on retrenchment, and on e(iucatinr themselves, that they might be able to fill important stations in the King dom of God. ; beerlife."U!TU JypjRto prisoner convictedTOof grand Iar- - ceny) "Have 5Tou anything offcrtonhe court before sentence is passed on youv" Prisoner "No, Judge. Bra broke. I had ten dollars when I came in here, but my-la- w yer's got that ten dollars now." ; A Boston paper says that a homesick Ban Franciscan, who is visiting his friends in Massachusetts,finds occasional relief by having sand squirted in his face and down his back with a bellows, somewhat as tho wind does it in San lYancisca f 7 ; Brother B , of Concord Bresbytery, is fond of certain stereotyped expreasions, which In the excitement of the moment, he sometimes applies rather inappropriately. Once, preaching a funeral sermon, while the corpse lay before him,he exclaimed: "Here, brethren, we have before us a living witness and a standing monument uof the frailty of , , human hopes !" t ; Awitness in a divorce suit kept rcferri ng to the wife as having a very retaliating disposition. "She always retaliated for every little thing," said the witness. "Did you ever see her husband kiss her?" asked the wife's council. "Yes, a great many times." "Well, what did she do on such occasions?" "She always retaliated, sir." . The wife's retaliating disposition ' didn't' hurther any T 7 TTvC with the jurors. 7: "N(nv then, madam, please loolTsteadily at this place, on the wall," said a photographist to good old Aunt Hepzibah, when he had put her in position and the plate in the camera. The dear old ladys looked hard at the des ignatcd spot from h cr Beat, then got up and walked across the floor anil minutely Inspected it, and then turning to the photographer, gently remarked, "I don't t ; Brest Smith also gave us some good teaching, also Br. Muster, bister Hartley HOME AFFAIRS. Brest of the Relief Society at Le van, and also our owu Brest, Sister A. uoiasurougn, Thanks, for kind complimentaries on who felt so much blessed at having the privi- Christmas, from friends in the 1st Ward, hege of meeting with Sister Smith and the and from Mrs. Mary L.' Morris of the 15th other visitors,in which I felt to heartily join. '.; Ward, . ; Taking it all together, we ' had a' glorious ''To Day, a Sabbath School and Ward pic- time. I believe it is a general time of health nic is held in the 1 tth Ward Assembly aiinougii l am not quae Rooms. Elder John Taylor and Miss Eliza here, at present, 1 ho .weather has jeen very R. Snow honor the company with their pro- - well myself. of late. Money is very scarce. se nee. We shall be able to gi ve more par unfavorable . . Wishing you success in every laudable see anything there." : ticulars concerning; the pleasantries and ' 1 pursuit, i suoscriixM" As some lady visitors were going through , good times of he day in our uext. Yours sincerely, ' a ' penetenliary, under the escort of the SuTiiE Utah Northern R. R. which was Amy C. Bigleiu perintendent, they came to a room in which blockaded a short tinie since between Logan three women were sewing. "Dear me!" and Hampton's- Station, has, through the one of the visitors 'whispered. wliat vicious Bresident of the verence finern-ieto most Look your a and. nerse . r Spend Wlsely. t . i what are they and men of tho road, agamteen renaereu 8Denting. No matter what comes in if more looking creatures! Bray, they: havef no other hercforiecause uguioeg out you will always be poor. The art passable, iviong a consmurauiu ;imd - they-a- re has been made, and is not in making money, but in keeping itj home; this is our "sitting-roothe track, a snow-fenc- e my wife and two daughters," blandly where it is neccssaty, sheds arc being put little expenses like mice in a barn, when , . answered theSuien'ntendent ' on now time. run , train The up. they are many, make great waste. Hair by said when the fireek' Archbishop of The Salt Like Firo Department advances hair, heads get bald; strawantlby straw tho It isand Tenos at tendcil the ot Ji er day i n off the cottage, drop by drop Syros rapidly in the lineioLprogressloiK On the thatch goes in the .chamber A" barrel is soon the Senate' Ilouee at Cambridge, England, ofifh nit.' ji now comnanv. cohsistiiiir of more mtn pomes of - rocei viugJi Is honorary deorganized by empty if the tap leaks but a drop a minute; for the purpose than one hundred men, was AroAiiufnr : Tfs iiitfnn will Whnn vnu becrin to save, becrin. with your gree of L. L. D.f he dropped his pocket" i,:.rtnrtn. down to rebe at, or near the depot.X. This makes the mouth; there are many thieves down the hand kerchieY, and ashetooped in the gul-- . a trrcat waste. In cover it, ono of the graduates onnrtrnpnt. rnd lann. The for the Grecian T.nf ovoninfr vva rnot with a most acrreeablc other things keep within compass. In lery 'exclaimed, "Hurrah' and lasting stuff, and bend!" The effect was. so intensely ludicrous company at tho Fife BrigadeXBall, held- in.1 clothes, choose suitible i ...1. m . i t. Jl uuiu assemblage was convulsed j mm iu the 13th Ward Asscmblv Room's. The hall knot tawdry fineries. ro ijo warm is me nrstitj. witn laognier. and withdrawing room, which -- were fitted thing; never mind the looks. . . ' ". -' : " -- - s - ... - m, ; , alc-iucr- .is i -. . . - -- - X . 1 I 