WOMAN'S VOICE. ' r s. L. Citv, April 9 th, 1874.-Dear Sister L. Greece Richards: ; r r Permit me to offer a few of rhy reflections : has My mind through' tho Exponent. toeeu .i il' 'i i 10 mucn exerciseu iu regaru uie .youin of this our. people. I had supposed that our children would naturally grow up in the ; , ? At faith of the Gospel, and believe it as firmly as do. their parents. Perhaps some do. But many that I meet with, evince a spirit quite the reverse. It gives me pain to see this in children of good, kind, heavenly-minde- d parents, who have, many of them, left their homes, friends, native land, everything on v-.- :" VHannah Harrison. - Smithpield, April 22nd. 1874. wherrihererwaa :tLwd'ri!SS-:-alseemed to feel well, I had some reflections of which I thought I would like to pen a few or your consideration. The time was entirely occupied with the testimonies borne concerning the truth of the EverlastMany ing Gospel in these Latter-dayJosthat knew brethren testified that they eph Smith was a Prophet of Godas great a Prophet as had ever li ved since the days of the Savior. And that Brigham Young was his lawful successor, appointed by God, through divine revelation to lead the Church in these the last days. As my heart burned within me, almost to the consuming of my flesh, with grateful responses to the truth of those sentiments, I was led to reflect thus. This is a great testimony we have to give. How many of lis realize its importance? We believe in all sincerity, that our leaders are inspired men, that they speak to us by the testimony of Jesus, which isjhe spirit of prophecy; and wo believe their teachow ings to be the word- - of God unto us, yet-hmany of us live by it? Jesus sald,mari should hot live by bread alone; but by every word that proceeded out of the mouth of God. Do our works and our words corres pond? In many instances I fear not. How about the little things, tho Word of Wisdom for instance, which is adapted to the "weakest of those who are worthy to be called Saints?" Did not President Young a few years ago, in warning the people, say that this was to bo no - longer trifled wi th? That lie could say to no one that this law might bo broken unless they were willing to lose the blessings promised to the faithful? How many of us fail even in these simple things? And how and when shall we be prepared for the great things which has in store for His faithful Saints which He is waiting and willing to pour out upon us, were we but willing and able to receive them? My beloved sisters. hit us strive to live by every word of God, and have faith in Jesus; so shall we receive great blessings, and wisdom through which we may become heirs of Salvation. May union increase in Israel, and may all who seek to work righteousness, have power to stand, that they be not overcome ; And for Spirit of God youdear Editor, may the. actuate you continually, and assist you in all your wi3e 'efforts. l Goalmost starvation, for the sake spelwhich is the power of God unto salvation to every one who believes and is exercised thereby that they might raise up a posterity' who would keep' the .commandments of God. When we find so many go-micujcciw lug lur itauu., auujcy u.u.juitiiug thus and persecuters, cutting tojmbelievers all the privileges and themselves off from blessings of the . Gospel,, it is enough to grieve the heart and cause many bitter reflections. Some months ago, I dreamed I stood by a stream of water. It looked bright and beautiful on the surface, but had a deep, dark, and strong undercurrent ; Many young and beautiful maidens, were sporting beside this stream, and a serpent lay watching their movements with apparent pleas-of ure Some of the young girls, regardless ino Qtirl onfrani 1Afl' ff- thpir friends. KuiivwtivrVv would jump into the water which, assum-ing'- a serpentine course and a swift current, dashed them from side to sideband hurried them on to. sudden destruction. Others of-th- is , 1 1!.tnnni1 gems that He has given us to watch over, with love and kindness; teaching them to respect those that have been appointed to lead, them in the ways of truth. May we, my sisters, as mothers, be moved by influences pleasant as the dew of Heaven, gentle as angels' ministerings, to extend the guid ing hand of love to those who may seek our aid. Those who would be happy, had best not inquire too curiously Into the doings of their neighbors, but ever find some useful ' business for themselves. At one of our Fast MectKgsTnionYslhlje f "perseeutionTT t 183 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 4-- iVin o flftinn i 1 riri ft f their friends, and were saved from the aw- Of late, I am much ful consequences. pleased with the efforts that are being made for the benefit of the rising generation. Already we can see great good resulting from them, and let us bo encouraged. Mothers, sisters, let us unite our efforts in this goodjwork, that we may yet rejoiccin seeing our children" growing up in the fear of the Lord, becoming useful ornaments in ' C. A. society. ' SrRiNayiLLE,' April 8th, 1874. Mv feelinsrs of gratitude and love to God, s. for tho Gospel made known through the Pro osepn Dffliin, are iruiy a auuicc ui phet-continual pleasure. lam satisfied; for my eyes have seen and my ears heard, and I know the Gospel harmonizes with the Scriptures, fulfills many of the prophecies and gives us just conceptions of our Father; in Heaven. It contains the most glorious "prinit evates ciples for a future state of existence our ideas, it plainly shows us the duties of a Saint, and though many; of our friends may reject the truth, the time will come when their eyes will bo opened to a sense of their, folly. If. the ways or train la fhfl tflTift. emlrart rf S. K. G. were tivet cvu oinavu vi n Anr is comprethe The language of apostle very false achave we hensive; cusers, of the Saints and the revelations Ailan thus, or more , properly tho whichiGo4Jias given for our guidance. The tree- is declared , to .be. by What are they working at in Congress? Is Mr. S. Melvin of Oswego. N. Y.poisonous ten About there no one to attend to the people's cause in. the month of August, he cut and administer righteous laws? Yes, one years ago, and trimmed an Aiiantus tree wnen of the anointed of the Lord is there, and down and in consequence of its poissome that the Lord isworking through, but in full bloom he suffered from head to foot, the great Jehovah onous effects so they cannot see it.. Maywisdom badly swollen as to close to his face being sufficient with hearts our inspire '; lead the young and tender branches,: the his eyes, r the-Lor- d J -el- : --- -- i truce-breaker- s, Ai-lant- us - . . FACTS AND FIGUBES. ( T Thb British Empire, in area" comprises of the surface of the globe. SpanMarshall Serrano,President of the of a to receive ish Republic, is $ipO, salary about one-thir- d 4 ooo.:...;r:;;;27; yet owns $100,000,000 of American ' securi- '0;rV.-- ties. ' 3,500,000 inhabitants Holland has only The new; Encyclopaedia Brltannlea, ; now4 in course of preparation,it is said will cost one - million dollars. .;-- ': ; ; Before tho war In Georgia an able-bodi- V-,- ed negro useci to cost $1,200;. now you can leiionyicOorfiv now rttv 1lrfctorv of StTLouIs. jusfcjrablishedftputs thfizJrjnpulationj; of that town at iiJ,ooy souis. TVttjv ..jilSi Two years ago, two barrels of live perch were placed in the pond at TIsbury, Mass., which have increased so that now seining is v ,;' profitable. 7'r-:- ?: -- i umbrellanwhich "ijrTKoue's is as a tent, among the spoils is-as-l- of argo the Ashantee war, and will bo exhibited at a ri , public museum in London. , At London, recently tho University boat ; race was won by the Cambrige crew, by two lengths. Distance, four miles, two fur-e minutes, thirty-fivlongs time, twenty-thre- e seconds. V :sni , rr;;::,:i The Iowa Legislature has enacted a law against baggage smashers. The penalty for not recklessly injuring baggage is a fine of Imless than $50, nor more than $100, and ' prisonment not exceeding thirty days. ' ri - According to an entry found in the offipn. TCinf Ed ward III bald $16 on the 1st of March 1360, toward the ransom nf th a noet Chaucer, who had been taken - . Be-nnr- . t , prisoner in the war with Franco in:i35960. a "Mtt!w TTvnnoscopE: An instrument far !nfHpAtinc a decided chancre in the rela- - t i tivo quantity of moisture of the atmosphere is now used in raris, consisting oi sinpa ui . t paper which have been dipped in a cobalt salt solution, containing common sail any. gum arabic; In dry weather this prepared paper is blue, ana in wet n is rosu reu. j 1 TnnpqvfllA. ' Tflnn.. Tribune savs? Bev. Thomas Smith, of the BaptUt church, Tttt' who lives at Parrotsville, in Cooke County, Tenn., is 101 years old. He still preaches . " . to his appointments. and rides horse-bac- k He was the pastor of one church forty-fou- r years, remembers the Dattie oi uraauywin, quotes ScriptureTrapldly;memorytmira-.impaired- t ; never missed a metd on account .of sickness: never took but three doses of , t medicine; was always temperate; .enjoys :f good health, eats, heartily, reads .without Is ; glasses and never did uso them. He s I probably the oldest preacher In America. ' Parlia- , TnE large clock at the English ment Houso is the largest in the world. The four dial3 of this clock are twenty two feet In diameter. Every half minute tho seven point of the minute hand moves nearly inches. The clock will go eight and a half a days, but only strikes for, seven and half, thus Indicating any neglect in winding It ; mere up. It strikes quarter hours, and the takes ; winding up of the striking mechanism two hours. The pendulum Is fifteen feet tho hour long; the wheels are of cast iron, bell is eight feet high and nine feet in and weighing nearly fifteen tons, four the hammer alone weighs more than hundred pounds. -- dl-amet- er, 