4 - r 4 - . W 0 Ml N'S on the Utah Nothern It. RM between Ogden, and JBrigham cities, was completed on Thursday, the 5th Inst."' Travelers can now take the morning' train here and,' with one change only, get to Logan by mid-daWhich is much more pleasant than by the former route, with its two changes and arrival Track Laying y. J EXP ON ENT. 141 law of nature which: sa vs. maternity with personal protection from all abuses, (is one of woman's most sacred and exalted rights. T Instead of "stepping back to the time when lust was rampant," as Kate accuses them of doing, these women ask for room to step forward into regions of purity and ' A New Rake. Josh Billings thus speaks of a new agricultural implement, to which the attention of farmers is invited: "John Rogers' revolving, expanding, unceremonious, seli-adjustin- self-greasin- self-controlli-ng g, g, is now forever offered to the generous public. The rakes are as easy to keep in repair as a hitching post, and will rake up a paper of pins e field of wheat stubble. sowed in a These rakes can bo used In winter for a hen for the roost, or sawed up Into stove-woo- d kitchen firervNo farmer of good moral char without this Kike, ir even acter should 7 y he hasto steal 'one. self-righteo- ; us hoss-rak- e, near midnight, at its Nothern terminus. The self preservation God help them! MassachuThe energy and public enterprise of taose gentle setts opponent of the right of next offers indignity to the men, who have labored so successfully are com womanwomen, in, Eden, claiming that she led man ' mendable. 44e-u- u My client would1 claim that our At tiiE 'monthly meeting of the D?eret great marernai progenitor is entiuea to revSunday School Union, held on the earning of erent honorfar braving the peril that the 3rd Inst considerable attention wA direct- brought earth's chiklren from the dark valed to the subject of amateur theatres, Yn ley of ignorance and stagnation, and placed them on the broad, progressive plain, where t- rof the eneaK&rs It was considered by- a maioritv knowing good andjivnTjoy ancPsor- LITTLE FOLKS." as Gods. row, become may that songs, reci tations, readings and all exer cises comprising Sabbath Sc oolr entertain- - 7 Mother Eve, for takingTtlie initiative in A little bov at Green Bay played barber this sdvance movemeh that-chts ar be of acter only which men should shop with his little sister, shampooing her shared should ich of wh le comiuins as praise; to is best calculated head with a bottle of pepper-sauccarry: a ood influence just reluctour by great paternal, who, though he had seen them do down town. morally or religiously. orheaven her in followed aided and antly, 7 Convention, which was dained enterprise. At Nominating: v the When Arthur was a very small boy his in held in the Old Tabernacle, on thv afternoon of Not wishing to detain the Court, the case mother repri manded him one day for somo S. M. Iv." misdemeanor. Not knowing it his father Saturday, the 31st ult., for the purposeofnomi-n- is respectfully submitted. IQl 7 7 began tp.talk to him on the same subject. ting city officers, we were nleaid to note that a goodly number of ladies were present Looking up in his face; Arthur saia, solNATURAL CONDITION OF MAN. There are. however, some intelligent women emnly, "My mother has 'tended to mo," in this city, having the right of elective fran The natural and healthy condition of man If a little girl cannot take her grandfather chise. who are too indifferent to exercise the is one in which he works for what he reon his, she can got nower thev holdin this respect. But with the ceivesThose who contribute nothing fq on her lap as he takes her his slippers, or put away his book, or gently opportunities now afforded Tor the ailvanee the general stock ought to take nothing comb his thin locks;and whether she thinks ment of women, in this Territory, we hope to from it. The accumulation of capital in of it or not. little kindnesses, oven such as see all such weaknesses overcome in the early private hands is creating, in continually enare the a loving heart, these, that comb from . . who future. class a of have people larging numbers, worm. tne sunbeams that up light means to spend on themselves, Monday, tiiE 9th inst., was an active day abundant while they have nothing to do in return. A An Essex lady sitting in her parlor and among the voters of this city, it being the one ap- man makes a fortune, as it is called; he of pointed for the municipal election. At one time leaves it to Iiis children,who find themselves engaged in the dreamy contemplationwho the mustache of the young gentleman five different tickets were in the field, but by an of conservices to the inherited have army was, to escort her and her sister to the Monday morning only two worthy of notice-t- he to as those of Aladin's lamp cert was suddenly awakened by an ominous non- - Mormon nartv having wi Indrawn thei r genii, potent Fools minister to their pleasures. : e' spend voice at the doon7l ticket and given their full supp rt to tlieTMor- - their share on indulgence. Indulgence is whisperin-ajuvenil- Ann's teeth an' sho wants 'em." ticket, composed of old resi usually synonymous with vice; and as long 'You've got dents and. Mormons, several names being the as their purses hold out they do mischief to A little Irish girl about six year3 old, liv-in- n As Ticket." same as those on "The People's one who comes near them. This kind in Massachusetts was lately telling some . every not marked by of thine: happily does not often last long. The of her schoolmates children of Protestant far as we konw, the day was Inr- diffieultv or disturbance. The monev is soon erone. and there is an end of what great things the priest could 1 77. parents been to have iiiiniUr f lmlv voters is said But the majority have sense enough to do. "Why" said she, "If ho wishes he could it held here. creator than at anyr former election avoid ruining themselves by extravagance. turn a man to stone!" The other children lfThe it." , Vnf withstanding- the strong- opposition They. live. ontheirm laughed and said, "Wd don't believe sImPeoples Ticket" carried the day by a very large allv. and Iiavincr their; time to themselves, "Well," was her repl7 beautiful for its of exertion, plicity ,'if I were you, I wouldn't believo majority.' The officers elected were: juayor: u. and beinc:. spared the necessity j are consiaerea excepnonauy nappy yet it, but I've got to." II. Wells. Aldermen: Isaac Groo, Geo. Jeter Clinton, John Sharp, A, C. Pyper. happv they cannot, be. Satisfaction of mind to industry: When the Emperor of Germany was lately Councilors:, Brigham Young, Theo., McKean, is allotted bv Providence only to be industrious,they on a visit to a village in a distant portion of Albert Carrington? J.'B. Winder, Henry Grow, and not being obliged : on his dominions, ho was welcomed by tho N. II. Felt, Day itl McKenzie Feramorz Little, lose the capacity for.it. Enjoyments pan them. Having allowed the period of mo school children of the place. After tho i Thos. Williams. ... to pass unused when occupations can be speaker had made a speech for them, he an orange from successfully learned,they are unable to take thanked them. Then taking on the beaten roaas the plate, he asked: "To what kingdom does afterwards their MASSAplaces OF WOMEN THE FOR PLEA of life. They stray into fancy employments; this belong?" CHUSETTS AND MOTHER EVE, "To tho vegetable kingdom, sire," replied thev become dabblers in politics, dabblers in .' - vs. KATE BOWERS. art,dabblers in literature and science. Noth a little girl. The Emperor took a gold coin from his to put them succeeds with sutncicntiy interest of ing sides of public All to questions crood terms with themselves, ana pocket, and holding it up, asked, "And on them to the bo held should light. then men and women alike, and particularly What kingdom does this belong?" . Opponent says sher is "greatly pained to "To the mineral kingdom, sire," replied sort of them, being without see Massachusetts women sinking so low as the better for some- - tho child. to be willing to become prostitutes; for their wholesome occupations, craving "And to what kingdom do I belong, then?" which demands the will which thinc: satisfy to polylegalize petition to the Legislature ; their mirds are making on tnera, tney ny asked thevEmperor. means this." gamy simply ior sno urn " colored Tho little of deeply, the and to the opiates girl quack anodynes writer the of to mind the "this" means it If world. "James An not likoto say "tho animal kingdom," as ho tho of doctors spiritual vs. of tho article entitled "Polygamy sho would, lest his Majesty should Froude." thought different thony It means something very beoffended. when a bright thought' came,to tho clear minded, noble and brave women 1 she said with radicnteyes: Rritjsii elections have beenthisattended and"To of Massachusetts. J.. "11 God's kingdom, sire." season, Kate Bowers seeks to become an angel with riots and mob disturbances tear a ;j The Emperor was deeply, moved, morn even than frcncrally in former years. of women the while cr nu nanu on , h through crucifixion; niacin t in him nvn and co-accordMassachusetts seek to pass by the angels, Much diversity of opinion prevails, ohhV hMui ho said most devoutly: The British- and become heirs of salvation through obe- in ir to late news from London. bo accounted worthy to have rorgouon mai "union ia "God grant that I may dience to the command of God; to replenish ersseem of that kingdom!" the earth; and through obedience to that power, it : ten-acr- - - : er -- a "' 7- 7" i 1 . mon-oppositi- . .1 : on . :.i.- i Cris-mo- n, m :. - 7 T . , Shak-erism- ." - . I 