W 0 M AN S E X PONE NT 154 IFor the Eiro.ft.5T. RETROSPECTION. i i ' ' By it. J. . ..,' . ' ':.:. T. A good wife sat In her kitchen door, ' . face was faded, and old and poor; Her hands were weary, and wanted rest, As she folded thenrslIentlyTra her breast, And her heart was sad as she sat and thought Of the many days she had plannned and wrought, Of the socks she'd knit, and the clothes she'd' made; For little ones Tthai around her played; ' How, early and late she had ever strove ( In of love, With heart, and hands the labors To train the minds and to guide the feet In the ways of righteousness pure and sweet; And her foots teps were ceaseless many a te But all alone shelwas ilttlpg there. And her heart was weary and full of care: For the little Jfeet fromiMgafden stile Had wandered many a weary mile; lZ. And the mothers hope and the father's pride Were fondly set oh the boy fhat diedr rwith theJaughing eye and the cnrly hair, With the will to do and the heart to dare. No mere would the bright young faces coma: -- i r tlielrary-hom-e "ToTbrlghten The hopes and Joys she had cherished then Might never gladden her heart again! But her eye lit up with a tender smile l As she thought of him who had shared Jier toil, The hopes and cares of her weary lot, II er heart grew glad and she murmureiTnot. For she thought f the days when she wai fair, With cl merry face and golden hair; When he stood so proudly by her side, And press'd her to his heart a bride. . But years had come and Tear had goner- And the blooming bride was aged and wan; For time and sickness and wearying caro Had faded her cheek and blanched her hair. But he who had loved her a youthful bride, Still held her tenderly by his side; And he said, to him she was far more fair Than the dainty daughters of fashion were. She had walked by his side for many years, Bhe had shared his joys, his hopes and fears, And he still woultl clasp her to his heart And hold her there until death should part. with-jmnshi- -- sequences follow, it Truth never injures anybody, and though it may be diluted, so to speak, when given to children, any falsehood mingled with it is deadly poison. The ranks of fallen women in our great city are largely recruited from the country- - Rarely does any young woman knowing her danger become identifiedjwith this unfortunate class, and young men who have been forewarned by judicious parents of the alluring temptations which seek them out on every hand, are too wise to wander far from the paths of virtue. "N. Y. Tribune." in tho realm, was wounded by the spindle, and fell into her hundred years' slumber, so often does the young lady unawares, stumble upon experiences of whose possible existence she never dreamed, and which are far more disastrous to her than those that - befell, the sleeping beauty. ne thejrgrow will learn the BdysdrlsaB ins and outs of this wicked world. If their parents do not give them this knowledge, somebody else will, and tne manner in which the Information is given is in al moral respects vastly more important than the matter. The parent may instruct the child in everything it should know, satisfy IltaLcnriQsity "within proper ..TimlTs. and Th us MUSIC IN A FAMILY the ground that otherwise would i t sown oy cnance cultivators more witn Music TnTa ramtty isirineans of domestic tares of vice than; with the wheat of know cheerfulness. A musical family, in spite of ledge. perplexities, or even trials, may be a It is Implyiast onishingzhovsoon yomig cares, cheerful family. Cheerful in that sense of childrenpickruplangwordjjvilewo the terra which implies good spirits, and in profane words, ana attach to them mean- - which needless. depression of mind and Inirs7"lt is equally surprisin morbid mekncholy are-ke- lit awayYouL tlvely they conceal all this knowledge from can thesunshinet)f-cheerfulnes3-- in their parents, and while the mother thinks house in the most rainy, cheerless or her1 little girl" a model of innocence and your have day that ever was if you can wintry . such is know her that i neighbor may purity, voKes goou uaiure in Music music. veryfar from being: the case. Therefore it a family; and, inpro this world, where there is not possible for the mother to cultivate is so much evil nature manifested in too great an intimacy with her child. She thousand ways, and in the family some should have the juvenile heart spread out as well as elsewhere, anything before her as a mirror, reflecting every times, e is to be which will promote of the thought, every.feeling, every passion Who can fret and scold when the child. Xhus she will be able judiciously to prizedair around is blended, with soft har administer antidotes to vice and build up very ? , mony jilLLZ - tZ - .11 safeguards to virtue. Girls are as a general rule brought up in ignorance of very much which it most conTHE SEX. cerns them to know. Many a young lady dances on the verge of a precipice, not Miss Sarah Norris M. D., of Boston is gone knowing her danger, and many fall from topractice medicine in Bombay. virtue because their mothers had not the The latest musical, attraction in Paris is a courage fo'wafn them of the pitfalls in their pathway, and. the steps leading thitherward. quartette of Swedish girls, singing Scandi The love of purity, like the love of know- navian melodies. ledge and the love of fame, grows by what York mother wants the authori itfeeds on, and dies if it have riot suitable tiesA New to prohibit boys under sixteen from nutriment. The erirl and the boy who have or chewing. steadily held up before their eyes an ideal smoking, drinking, The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial of highf and pure womanhood and manhood, who areteutrTitfrom early, childhootilthat Court decides that women, under : the C6 can be 'memrorihooircoimnit their bodies and their souls are alike sacred to purity, will hardly fail to realize in ma- tees. turity the highest wishes of their parents in A Russian lady, Lydia Rodelrena, has these respects. Heroic virtue is never the given 4u,uuu to endow a department for result of ignorance in man or woman. We, medical instruction for women in St Peters who know the shoals along the entrance to of Medicine. mature life should build lighthouses on burg Academy o One of the last official acta of v. sunken reefs, plant buoys in dangsrous was the appointment of a for the rescue of Pavis, of Texas, places, and build womanas Commissioner the of the State tu the shipwrecked. In his prayer for his disciples, Christ said, the Centennial celebration at Philadelphia. "I pray not that thou shouldst take them Mrs. Emi B. Swank of Indianapolis, has out of the world, but that thou shouldst recently made an address at the Annual keep them from the evil." Purity Is not Meeting of the Home for the friendless, in inconsistent with knowledge of evil, and as Richmond, Indiana, whiclr is highly comsoon as a child is old enough to wander from .' the press. plimented by tho right way, ho should bo instructed in the dangers that are most likely to befall After twenty years work the women of him, and the way in which they can be Charleston, South Carolina, succeeded in avoided. raising $28,000 for a monument to John C. beWhen there is a perfect understanding Calhoun, only to end their labors by voting tween parents and children: when the down a resolution to erect a monument, after daughter feels that she can confide every all. Now it is proposed to devote the money thought and desire of her heart to her o educational purposes. motherland the son is in full Sympathy and Some the counsel with his father, there is little dan- horrified years ago , Fanny Fern attractedcon attention of people of strictly ger that the happiness of the parents will ventional ideas by writing a letter to Lester be wrecked by the profligacy of 'their chilinsisting upon the right of women dren. Many grown people seem to think Wallack, to attend places of amusement without the there is no harm done in evading questions escort of men. But now it has become not asked by children, or in giving such answers at all unusual to meet ladies of the utmost as totally mislead and confuse them.' This Is a woful mistake, and most disastrous con- -' respectability at public places unattended except by others of their own sex, pre-occu- py - i , - 4 good-natur- -. : -- -- It. S. REPORTS. Heber City, Wasatch Co., Feb. 2Gth, 1874 Editor Woman's Exponent: The Relief Society which was instituted by President Joseph Smith, years ago, and hasi)een reorganized-b- y Presiden I view as ono of the most sacred and glorious organizations ever established. For in it is given to us, to find employment and means of support for the poor, to visit the sick and administer to their wants, to prove ourselves in various ways, that our faith and works may bo blended together. Living in harmony with each other and each moving in her own proper sphere. I also rejoice in reading of tho organizations of the young in different parts of the Territory; and feel that inestimable good will be the result, where these associations are properly conducted and encouraged. . Ellen Lee. : ex-G- life-boa- ts . SAFEGUARDS TO PURITY. There are many parents who fancy that they can bring up their children, and especially their daughters, in a large degree ignorant of the evil that is in the world. As tho king in the fairy tale banished all spinning, wheels,. from daughter might not wound her fingers with a spindle, and realize the prophecy of the spiteful fairy at her christening, even so mothers withhold useful and necessary knowledge from their daughters, lest with it may be mingled something leading to harm. And even as this charming princess, notwithstanding every precaution, as by accident came upon the only spinning wheel . , ; ; 