W 0 MAN'S 150 For the ExroxEXT. "SISTERLY FBIENDSIIIP. Give me the pure friendship of sisterly love 'Tis tiie sweet, balmy dew,shed from flowers above; Ti the virgin's trimmed lamp, to lighten the way To a garden of flowers, e'er green, bright and gay. It will search the dark caverns, of hopeless despair, And soothe and encourage hearts wearied with care; It is music to charm th6 wild nature in man, A pure gem that sparkles as nothing else can. . 'Tis a shield for the young in the battle with strife, And gives warmth like the sun.in the winter of life; It gently forewarns, when temptation looks sweet, And cautions us kindly, of thorns near our feet; And smiling through tears of dark sorrow and grief, It uhsel flshly renders our troubles relief. Ah f yes, with meek Mercy's vail, Scorn's frown 'twill , screen, -lT- ; '; -- seen. tmrityB-MMt-clzaZurftciL!ils EXP O NEN T, MISCELLANEOUS. cure for a cold is so good and simple I must fell you Cut an onion in slices, add salt, pepper about it. and !i Utilft niwifi nf hntfor with a half nint of wa The Ticliborne Claimant has already cost ter. Stew4mtil4lAnioais done. Prink the liquor th vernmen t d f --England the small su m hot, when going to bed. It will cause the sweetes of , $2,500,000. , and sleep; threetimlirymg 7rrrT ; ,i .1 i.! Three gentlemen are in the field for Govbuun ns ime uuiu is, xy putuu in a itiuc i,nnnn uvuvj vi have a instead the of pleasant ernor of Vermont Bradley Barlow, a seasoning y?ou sugar tea. Please try it banker, N. T. Sprague, Jr., farmer and manu-facture- r; e--Go : t.. 1 v- and T. W. Park, a railroad man. llecipe for Crj'stahzmg Grasses. Get one pound cf alum dissolve in one nuart of water scalding James E. Harvey, formerly minister to crock into inside wide and a hot; pour put your grass Portugal, and more recently editor of the 1 11' ll it men Washington Patriot, is to be the editor of noiamg . me stein in1 youri nana ior ten nunuies, . .? I ll mrajmem over ana rest or wait iornve or ten mm the New Age at Philadelph ia. utes more; turn them a train and so on until the wa ReV. Bobert Collver has followpd Mr 1rosTrc!aTry 1 i 1 . A 1. wawif can j.- -.. 1 - . i 1 . ' 1 .1 ' il aaaissaj,ojftemejtyay CrossingMeserts and oceans and mountains f snowr for smaller crosses.' The larzest should be used first. To Wess and cncouragef:wheree Grasses treated in this way and mixed with some Oh yes! It will come from its pure spirit homo that have not been so treated, make a very nice TotcU us of happiness shortly"to come. Dear Sister Ellen in robes of fair flowers, boquet. II. V, Camo whispering to me of tmo friendship "like ours." Peas' Cake. Look over and wash one pint of dry, The flowers In wreaths, cereal 1 linked like a chain, Thus forming robes gorgeous, yet simple ani plain wliitemarrow-fa- t add Two Oh? The beauty and lovllncss none can express, and stew gen tlypunlil quarts of water cpverclose As my Ellen appeared in her bright spirit dress.' the reduced to are a quite peas pulp; strain through And with the sweet comfort she poured In my heart, sieve coarse a salt a or to the taste, and colander, All the wealth of the world could not cause me to part: aeatea-aga-m -- pas-wholaior-jspli- t);: .' . She called herfafr Emblematic ot sisterly friendship compleic. When safe '.'o'er the river," In that home of flowers, We'll twine wreaths for robes for dear sis ters of ours ; The chain of tmo friendship will link all pure hearts, : And Its balm will heal wounds from all envious darts. And this grand, eternal pow'r never will end . Task no gem richer than a pure -- sister-friend- ' M.O. Kelting. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. If the first duty, of the woman lies at homo, it is the duty of the man to provide the home, and protect and sustain her in it. Moreover, as man is king in his domain, so woman should bo ounen in hers the home should be her kingdom; she should be the disburser ot the revenues supplied by the man and made responsible for the exercise of her - powers ior tne general prosperity ot her domain and the welfare and happiness of her subjects. The love of beauty and refinement belongs to every true woman, fche ought to desire, in moderation, pretty dresses, and delight in beautiful colors au4gracful jjour into a flat dish tojthejepth of an inch or more; let this stand to cool several hours, or until it is quite firm; cut in short, slices half an Inch thick, and serve cold, as a relish, with bread and butter and stewed fruit. It is palatable nutritious and wholesome provided one does not eat too much. Cooked in steam, or m a double boiler, it requires less water. - DO.!SiESTIC.-.E(7Q3Ty. cn and-harm- o .... every thing they see, whether thev neod it or not. A Prophet of God has aiid, "Eat ies? ana wear less, and voti-- w h.ivo mnm time to cultivate the mind. .The body without the spirit is dead, but the spirit without uieuo(iy is lire and immortal tv. How nrv- ossary it is then that we cultivate and adorn theimmortdl as well as the mortal. An ancient Apostle said, "To bo carnally mindMother K. i3 nearly ninety years ed isdeath but to bo spiritually minded is like a chip's captain, and Jier no and W.: E. peace." Take as much meat as you require - To one- pinUof .miuce put two tablespoonfuls of cream, or frr.-h-, rich milk, --- Boil it five minute prepare well buttered toast, and spread the mince on thorn; Strew over this well grated bread crumbs, a little" parsley if desired, and some smalf pieces cf butter. . Crown in a quick-ove-n ' and serve hot. y. ' . To Cure a cold of age, has a voice AVifen"is"thesubject,- and she 13 at present- - installed in the pacrcs cf the Lafcesidn "7 Monthly. King John of Saxony TiavFn translated :' - trreestvorkt)f been the-Englishoe- ' ; tsrrhas engaged on the poems of Amer lately English language, and requires it to be taught in the lyceums. I JLoyeand sorrowr in our souls resemble the fire in sone deep mines; it mav fbr a lonS7 time be apparently smothered, we fancy that it is entirely extinguished, but some sud den draught, some ashes dropped, and the names, wild and consuming, will break forth with redoubled fury. Bremer. . not too excessive, pride in herself, and be solicitous to have all belonging to her and in good Jesus said ."Gather up the fragments that taste: to care for the perfect ordering of her house, nothing be lost." It has been said truthfully, and harmony and fitness of her furniture, the clean- - by some that the pride and extravawriter, liness of her surroundings, and good style of her gance of some women when indulged in, - arrangements; sue cught not to like singularity, would bankrupt a nation. Upon the same Drin- cither of habit of appearance, or bo able to stand ciple, a state a county or a family would bein- -- out agaipst a fashionwhen fashion Jiashecomc cus- voivea. 1 1 every person could realize t hat tom: she ought to make herself conspicuous only by to be iii debt is bondage accordi njr to the the perfection ofJber taste bv the crracc law of ancient Israel, they are servants un- ny of her dress and unobtrusive good-brc- c ding of 111 tneir debts are paid. If this law was unner manners; she ouglit to set the seal of gentlewo- derstood, how few there are who would be man on ever' square inch of her life, and slied the . willing to go in debt beyond their means . ! ncr own raaianco oi beauty and refinement on every Instead of the wife or the daughters teasing material object about her. Selected. lamer ior tne ten dollar bonneror dreS3, wa should hear; Oh! dear Papa, if . vou are not For the Exponent Grandma's "Dutch Cake". Take one half tea- able to afford it, I can make out with one cup full of good yeast, one cup of sugar, three, eggs, that costs only five." And the true wife nnd two spoonfulls of shortening, one cup of raisins, or hnother would say, "Yes ray dear, you are a - dried grapes, one cup of warm, sweet milk or water, good gin and you will feel a great deal betand flour enough to make a thick batter, let it stand ter iji a plain calico dress than vou ivnnid in and rise and bake like bread; you will find it'good a silk ono .hat was not paid for." ' ' M. 0. K. eating and not unhealthy Some women are like children, thov wnnt Meat Toast. -and minco-finel- intRcti6nrdTiTrnraKl - To Colors Azure Bluer This will not fadA'nn One of the funniest things in nature is a cotton. For three pounds of goods: use of cocDeras council of ;fash?pnaWpgutlisqyer a new 4 ozs; -- prussiate of potash, 2 ozs; oil vitriol, 1 oz; coat just brought home. The inspection of aissoive tne copperas m twopails oi soil water, and the loth, bindings and distance of buttons, scald the goods in this solution two hours, then take out and rinse in cold water. Empty the' kettle and anxious examination it the shoulders are wide enough, the patting in the backhand put m two pails of clean water. .Dissolve in it the off in suspense to decide the final prussiate of potash; boil the goods in this solution walking whether the "tails split," are question tvMity minutes; take out and stir m the oil of vitto off in unextinuish- enough set a woman ' riol' Ac:ah put in the goods and let them remain able laughter. until as dark as desired. Einse thoroughly in cold water and let it'dry; afterwards wash in soap, suds Of Law there can be no leS3 acknowledged and this color will noi iai.'. than that her seat is in the bosom of God. -- wcll-chos- lieecher her voice the harmony of the world, all things in heaven and earth do her homage, the very least- as feeliner-h- er care, and the - v greaiesrasiiot-exemptedfrom"Ther-powe- r 'vim -- ngeis and men and creatures of whnt condition soever, though each in different sort and manner, yet all .with uniform Consent, admiring her as the mother of their peace and joy. Hooker. There arc many men of superior talents ajid refined taste, who, with lively imaginations, and powers of action, not inferior to those of other people, read a great deal, and digest what they read, but go no further: and can never be prevailed upon-t- o turn meir miormation to account. It is of little benefit to the world, that a man thinks deeply and justly, if the results of his researches are applied to no useful end. Contemplation and action may be compared to Rachel and Leah; the first was fairest, but the latter most fruitful. No woman now goes to the wash-tubor a fox hunt, to pruning crrane vines, crarden- ing, or vegetable growing, with corsets on: So we hopo the day: will come when horri ble dowdy frills and furbelows, monstrous Jbunnets and trailing skirt3 will disappear, like other vulgar filings, from .the promenade, the street, the church, and such s, head-dresse- s, other public places a3 are-manifest- ly nappropriate for them.' There is a time and place for everything, and ladio3 only heed to recocnizo this f.iet in connection witli their costumes to always dress sensibly and henlthfully.-IIoTii- e ournal. - H 