... Vol. Attention as No. 24. called, by. the Rev. Dr. ury and restful ease." aLxnanxhippers of modern times in t CjL. A llllfll , A lliUd LI illU ! , Vs 1A LX AAA services preparatory to that office. - Then the Supper of the Lord (which, in apostolic days, was always celebrated on every Lord's Day,) was foremost ami the central service. All other services were then preparatory to that service. Then a presbyter in the Church of Christ was appointed "to feed" and "to governtLihe Church, of God. Now, among many, a minister of Christ must be chiefly known as a 'preacher.' " Is it not clearly evident, that in these, as in number less other cases, the old sentiments, the old ways are by far the wiser and happier? Yet, where they have been restored by the power of the Priesthood how few have accepted . Mr. Alexander Mitchel, M. Cy from Wis- consin, is reputed to be worth $1G,000,000. The Choctaws and Cherokees of Indian THE SEX.. Territory raised 5,000 bales .of cotton last season. An Albrny wmarrisin The Khedive of Eerypt paid 4O7000a asylum. for cats. . the cost of SlranluelB JENNiElLm ped it rbTTT season but her husband objeets. Reverdy Johnson has won his $5,000 fee Helen Dickens, a daughter !of Charles fiftsftnrainst the Baltimore and Ohio Rail. excitement in Dickens, is road Company. : Enriand from he tritings. 1 According Jo. returns and estimates, tho. ahe women oi owa are rapidly prepar- -- number in France and in of the . ballot by instruction m parlia- is about sheep35,000,000 in each. England V i equal mentar debate ana general business. . -- n.omv!,!. service of the sacred assembly, and all other .";.' , . relation to the object of people meeting to- gether at the House .of worship. He says, "Now, the prevalent idea is that the great feature in public services is a carefully-pr- e pared sermon; and that all the services $rior to that, are, as i were, subordinate and pre- paratory to the discourse from man's Hps which is to follow. Then the idea' ofpublic c.rvi,fl s nrvor nnd vnrMn Knxv xvih LUU FACTS AND FIGURES. havo separate cars, good people, an.d we can ask nothing more of you in the. vay of lux Griswold, to a marked distinction between the ideas and practices of ancient Christians, V ; SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, May 15, 1874. 2. EDITORIAL NOTES. llALili h rrm I TT "' - ralC&LQRAI)Q,JWhie The health of the Empress Charlotte, road less than five yearT ago, has now ten is but there widow of . Maximilian, excellent, a total length of 6G8 miles. is no improvement in her mental condition. lines, having Accord ingJollLalLast rMur aggre- l lioi fnfhni-f- l nrn fpssinnl in riA Atn. oaw income of the Jbngnsn uie insurance offices is $77,000,000: their total accumula balmed pork, she believed. He was a hog- ted funds amount to $560,000,000, and the packer. policies in force represent nearly $1,750,000, of Colonel ooo. y The late Mrs. Lincoln, widow has of W. Frederick Canton, Mass., Lincoln, Mrs. C. W. Haskins has laid the "corner of noble left the $200,000 to the stone" of tho bequest Orphan Girls'1 Free Home, at 7 Massachusetts General Hospital. 385 Warren avenue, Chicago where she pro-- ; Dr. of the late widow the Mrs. Arnott, poses to take young girls of from 12 to 15 Neil Arnott, has offered to give $5000 for years of age, and provide for them a home, the purpose of promoting the study of nat where education and industry may save , them? ural philosophy in the University of Edin them from destitution and sin. r The American palace sleeping cars have burgh. A Connecticut school bovdL L. Andre wsT been lately introduced into England with Mrs. Lucinda Marsh, widow of Major js thelnventor and owner of some half doz success. In this country, which might be David Marsh, of Litchnelu, Conn., left a en patents on school desks and ink w.ells, in called one of "magnificent distances," they will giving her property to trustees to di addition to the "Patent Gothic School Desk are considered not so much a luxury as vide the' income among the needy poor of and seat," and the "Triumph Desk and an indispensable comfort And while, seem that town. seat," which are said to be unequalled by ingly, everything: has been arranged that school desks ever made. More than any invited be will Victoria formally Queen of for travel the be done could convenience of the city of London to three quarters of a million of these desks bvJhe corporation do we and on the lers ' eatingrears; sleeping ave been sold. to be not believe perfection has yet been attained, participate intothe entertairiment is. given the czar, and it possible city nor will it be, until such suggestions as the by the to take this will .'the that opportunity, Queen Comets' Tails. A paper was read before following, made by a lady traveller, be at seclusion from her long emerge of comfort for the to tended by inventors, the England, Scientific AssociaMrs. Lowryvan actress, having recently tion Hackney, Mr. J. A. women. "A woman's toilet, to be satisfac Beeves, advancing recently by torily performed, demands some other posi become a convert to Methodism, was ap- an entirely new theory with regard to comtion than prone upon the face. Likewise, pointed to tho ministry at the conference it is somewhat more agreeable to perform lately closed at Baltimore. She was a ets. By the use of diagrams, ho showed nnrtions of the toilet unobserved by the prominent feature at several of Mrs. . Van that the part of the comet termed the tail multitude. Men either are not burdened Cott's revivals, wnno inac lauy ngurea in being always in a direction from the sun, and with modesty, or they have minds that soar the" Monumental City. therefore as often in advance of, as behind so far above the feminine that they give no bein wife A farmer's Animosa, Iowa, is not really a tail. That as thought to tho embarrassment attendant up- ing exasparatcd at the tardinessof the fire the nucleus, on the T method and manner of disrobing in the kitchen stove about dinner time, the comets are transparent, and all matter is nnfl's fifilf in those close quarters. A woman other American obit- known to be either solid, liquid, or gaseous, the great applied day, carefully extinguishes herself behind the uary i promoter. She - immediately retired comets must be the latter, for solids and curtains, slyly unloosens a lace, envelops through the west window, wThile the whole liquids are opaque. That tho only known herself decorously in a largo waterproof, house was aglow with tho light and redo- power which this eraseous matter can bo not darincr to lay aside her chignon for fear lent .'with tho fumes of the burning oil. held by together, is gravity, which must nec of a surprise, and proceeds to stow herself Her show of wisdom was no credit to "the essarily have a centre, and every part of tho away uncomfortable and depressed, ine sex," though an angry man might have com- - body being free to move, resolves itself into stranger in the'bunk above leisurely divests mitted just as foolish an act. a sphere, the centre of which is in many himself of his outer garments, pulls of boots, thinn- - ; cases dense, gradually of exceedingly Haruko, bed The Japan, .Empress young into bounds and loosens suspenders, 'mat tne ra Kst hpr. pcoDlG tho example of towards the circumference, with graceful ease, rather enjoying tho situ- xvhn of the "sunareTefraeted passar ation! I think if there could be a lady's car letting her wifely eyebrows grow and her thus illu; this comet, in now spherical through appears for sleeping and toilet, exclusive of gentle- wifely teeth remain white, or n- centre the encourages teacners nating tho portion beyond men, It would be a great advancement in public, visitsinschools, the capital, and shows her cleus, which illumination forms the wayfaribg civilization. I thought so this and scholars in a manner not very different Mr. Beeves then explained how tho var; morning, especially, when I awoke from un- "divinity" ladies of other lands. She and peculiar phenomena of comets arise: tho'divine from d to find the fallen, slumbers easy that they are entirely in accordance with men gazing is eminently a fitting spouse for tho brilliant and universal and a group of serene-browe- d laws of nature. tho Mikado. , and Lotus progressive beauty. my upon sleeping smiling ocL-nr- -- 1 'rY'-'';::.,:.-:.--.:;-:.- , . . -- -- rnilv . foot-boar- ; ... , in-the- ir. f 