WOMAN'S EXPONENT. )2 temperature, say about 50 glvo a little for an education which are guaranteed to her moisture as needed but not too much, and let them remain till the root3 pretty well I those qualities whiehsserve to render us pleas fill the pot and top starts now bring to the ing' and agreeable as social beings, or happy, parlor, gradually exposing to ligh t, sun, and wi thin oursel veSjT a right to live and receive heat, and you will bo very likely to have care and culture, quite as much as the most what you wish bloom vigorous," sweet, practical talent which may serve as a resource V :7..r ; ;: r; lovely. ; '.H for gainipg daily bread.. : :; - i II is little use to prlng to the heated parNot more in woman than in man should the with lor, flowering plants umbrageous tops, heart's best gifts as well as those of the head and scanty weak roots,' for you will have to be acknowledged and educated. If gentle for nurse, and doctor a long time before you bearance pure and sincere affection, sympath y are paid with blossoms. Unless you know and:ierfect Jovo are virtues, as such something of flower., culture, or. meanjto patience as learn by practice, it would bo best to rely they should beJ recognized in man as readily l in woman. upon the judgment Of some honest florist for It has been the popular cry that no woman selection of winter blooming plants and ; could be a good, true, loving wife, and at th e . . those otherwise for ornament. Now good sisters whatever you do, or same time successfully1 follow any profession. don't accomplish bo sure you don't fail to If so', neither can a man do justice to any pro v have a few pots or flowers in the house, and fessional calling and prove a kind, affectionate take good care of them and teach your and considerate husband. The truth Ism an has been looked upon as the soul proprietor of children to care for them daily. '1 ' ; TTTtr-:r:'the head, and woman ilias been considered as Flora. merely a possessor of the heart; whereas, to each have both been given., And woman need THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. not now . ignore the fact, that she has a heart because she begins to comprehend that she has I GREENE ItlC HARDS. Editor. also a head like that of her lord's; which, if CORNELIA IT. HOUSE, Business Manner. she can but gain an opportunity, she can use to advantage. But let man learn that as the Bible Pabiished Salt Lake City, Utah. teaches; it was simply a a heart that Terms; One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, was taken from him; and he being still the j, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising $1.00. rate?: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one owner of a heart, is expected to exercise some time, f2.00;; per month, $3.0- 0- A liberal discount to of its 6hief excellencies in making himself, arid rcjralar adycrtipers. Exponent Office, on TVestf eraple St.VnearTirst South assisting to make his home and the world wh St., opposite City Market place. Business hours from 9 he would have them and what they should a.m. to 4 p.m. on Tuesdajs and Saturdajs. SPLINTERS. JJCAL. " Work on tho street railway from the Val ley H )use corner; eastward i3 being dilK gently prosecuted ...... Risley's panoramic mirror of England deserves better patronage than it obtained here.. ....A road to the newly discovered coal mines; thirty miles from St ' George, is under way..... .The first real snow storm of the season, in this valley, occurred on the night of tho Cth inst...... The last company of immigrants for this year arrived ' in Ogden on Wcdnesdifgr the 4th..... .There ..... f i t o iron iwen a eonsicieraoie emigration . - . . - --:- A. thUseasonfrorathiTandtho-'north- - Dixie era portion of the Territory.... ..The prices jot usiiiuiu. iiieui in some 01 our cny .kets have lately been reduced. : , political Democracy will carry tho" country this season by a large majority...... China pays Japan an Indemnity of half a million tales and settles tho difficulties which havo ex- - isted between them Tho United States . ' : internal, revenue receipts . ibr .this year amount to more than thirity five and a half million dollars... ...Tho State Legislature of Alabama has a Democrat majortiy of twenty-nine; that of Missouri, eighty-thre- e , General Banks will probably bo elected as Speaker of the next House of Eepresenta-tives..- .. ..Jubilations have been held by the Democrats in different parts of the country in honor of their victories. ; i Bcmi-monthly,- rib,-no- t ln ; . . ; The President of tho Woman's Congress ' for tho nsueing year, will be Miss Maria Address all business communications to Woman's .Publishers Exponent, iunciiui. ino lauy astronomer oi vassar I Salt Lake City, Utah. : r: College...... Garibaldi is to revive an annuity of six thousand dollarifrom tho munU SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. 15, 1874. ' clpality of Naples V..7EIon. WV Head of Tennessee, who had just been elected' to Con- gross, uiea on me ninin inst......uen vic- HEART vs. HEAD. toria lately danced for tho first time since her widowhood...; JAdclina Patti1 is to re Shall our daughters; be educated? Yes, by ceive a salary or sou,uuu in the Paris opera all means! But let us attend to the education thl9 sfiPft8oni..I..RfVJL'l. Tlnnhiif.r v ffxfrx -t t of their hearts as well as their heads. And let unniarried and lives with a sister and sev-Jj . eral brothers;;... Mrs.1 Logan; mother of it be true education, not the false. True it is that the continuous practice of -Senator Linfreeently died Illinois.' functions of heart and brain. Yet there is a possibility of people becoming too matter-of-fafor the full, free exercise of human happiFLORAL HINTS. ness. To pursue aoy or all branches of scien' St. Geoege, Utah, Nov, 3rd 1874. tific literature with such vigor and devotion as Dear Exponent: t crush out, or blunt the growth of all emo. Clothed in u garments of white, trim fm?t tional of a domestic character, is 'has appeared, and laid low very many of makingqualities, a mistake in the course of education. uui uurni ueauues oi ail the year the sad- " Yet women become ambitious, and laudably dest, when by the thousands our treasures are to gain wealth and distinction and power rudely: blasted, and in an hour ioso form. h; equal to that possessed by men. And with iragrance and beauty and we helpless to some, before they aie aware, that 4ambition avert the evil. Well it is good to look at an excited determination to excel. the other side and think, how many days, grows into run Rather than the risk of a failure through weeks, months in the past year we have the adinlsslon of other hopes and purposes,lhey. been daily greeted with the smiles of the out from their imaginations all the softer shut flowers Aye! a long: season of delight, from tints of nature's which the rude, early February, till the end of October! dark scenes, so coloring, by frequently occurring in life's nine long blooming months. Now with the be made comparatively cheery V score or two of pots: for winter blooming and pathway, might Thus the head becomes educated parlor gardening, ought wo not to be ; satis- -' and'light. fled till the crenial warmth of FDrlner shall to the exclusion from culture and proper devel awaken our thousand-hucflowers, and opmencoi me innate iacuities or tne subdued woo thorn back to life, and our clad wel and silenced heart. :Is not the woman who thus pampers and ex: come?" If it U desired to have bulb3 for winter alts those personalities which she may consider flawering, and they are not yet planted, lose the noblest aud most excellent In her nature, no time. Select, hard, firm, heavy, smooth at the expense. of blighting finer and more place them In the pots so that' quisite qualities, quite as unjust in hef decis-th- e bulb U just fairly covered with moist ions as the stern and much learned eoanois-dus- t, firmly pressed down and against the seurs who would refuse women the fight to Now place yourpots in cold frame ter the colleges? If.thevdaughter may leiti-ccilclosct-- or any dark placo of even mately claim the right to the advantages r'- FfiBSONAL. - - -- " -- 2n t- ' ( s . ; ; . , 2T ' -- . : , " 1 ? i 1 A A ' 9 'u-uto- ' vi " ct v , d . " ex-specim- en, J en-bul- b. ar all pk PRETTYtLX SENSIBLE, k A, the change in the weather, ladiesiof lateTappearon the street iQ warm wrappings and overshoes. At one c the cross- To accord with ings the other morning, we met a psy cheeked, bright eyed maiden whose nea' costume we noted with peculiar Interest ad admiration. Her dress, which was of hoinririade material from one of the Utah factories was made with gored skirt, without a single puflC or bias piec otuyardljoiLvelvet trimming.-- A neatly fittingcoat of the same materia was also innocent of trimming except the usefi' buttons.; A modest little broach fastened f plain white linen colar at . the throat. 8Ie wore home-mad- e buck-ski- n gloves with wristlets of our own mountain mr. Althougl the approach of winter had alreadyecome apparent, this sensible and excesdingly pretty you ngirl Tiadnoe yet straw hat. thrown aside her la. fsummer's : And we doubt not"tbit she wore shoes of do mestic manufacture, though we failed to observe this as she passed us with a graceful nod of the head and i pleasaut smile1 of recognition." ; r HOME AFFAIRS.- - The Utah Southern Railroad is to' be ex- tended a? far South as Santaquin, in- a short time. .;,i:;:l;:;k Xt tzie Utah Iron works at Iron city, iron is being . produced in considerablo qiiantilles and said to be of good quality ; bad ones and too, CoLi)s Ar.E now prevalent to. we never us, for, as a gentleman remarked hear of any person's having a'good one ' " A hard wtntEiv seems to be generally expected throughout this Territory. Several days since, some of the canyon road3 were closed up V ": by snow. (, .The proposition to establish a company to engage in the manufacture of brushes, is under - ' 3f.'V' " , , ' , . V 