MsmfiiAki's office. Saints. - ofMdtter-da- y WOM AN S EX P O N ENT. 67- - most long for, and mostjdesire, even a ful- spifihloiif?in2's. ness of dory. Every weakness we over- which grow sooner or later into bitterness come,, every temptation wo gain victory BY BLXcffi BEECH WOOD. and disappointment; with only the compari-- ! oyer, brings us nearer perfection.,. Why, ah ma, noble thoughts ot mgnjiwnyftnen; souiu;. wu uriuK ,jroi AVo know that modern society looks down iohshipof sweet and so are wo know when only ; manysuro. they tendencies, of :tho:subliniity of uDonus: wo aro: fully aware that they con and holyculminat advancement bur towards in tho takeu i ng era in human progress, steps sider us outcasts from their limits women agrand ; ; onward and upward pdth?;:tts ;nbt heroically:6n. destitute of "morality and virtue,"and. totally they lived and struggled could have been' influ- ter by utho wayside 'Jbut;stlmulating, Think you they uu an on suujeuu tuuuieu ic enced to live such lives of jfirnorant to s trength enin gncouragirig ' ari;sympdthiz. sentiof and delicacy finement of feeling each ; other,' continue to cultivate-because they do have the reproaches, islanders' and cruelties, ing with ment; and why? Simply the nd improvQ 5ourl reasoning and Veflecting not understand us. ' 3BEo w can . they fathom of those they held dear and sacred, if theabvss of our hearts? now read our Lord had not helped, guided and f inspired - leterhal felicity Korcafter. our motives or them by His Holy Spirit ? If they had not here; but jour historv. or rierhtly - interpret1 ; ' been praying women? And after more That it may hot be said of a our actions? day when all must give an account, that We1 thanltbi "insnttotiaiyintention-at-thepresenttim- e neglectedito iimprovcit h o , talon tjcommitted ing passM Jhrough are awarded this to our carer 1 jstantiate lygamyy (howeyercapable I may posuro and calumny, they; How to live, howtd lreatrthe another, - consider myself of doing so,) it would occu- fittiner encomium of. praise, "theyandmight the and how to trust inGod in: matters beyond been prostitutes," have otherwise but too these in much ray columns; space py our mortal comprehension, these are lessons idea is, to Bhow that it is purei virtuous and writer says, the Mormons claim for Polyga-- ! for its to learn: our talents aro given us to Thank God there is another holy women that sustain Polygamy. Wo- my . thisamerit. improvo till our Lord comes, and Jio. or . she . men entitled to all the respect due them Jiidgei higher court, & Supreme Tribunal.- that as weaKneglects, who ha say to such "Not are we looked know that upon I and sisters r (friends; r . . asnwives, imothers, tr. not we d Guilty?" do if mihded receive and V ' and brave, ' t Salt Lako City, 1874. . ; v. word similar to the a certain amount of attention from a man; of sense the Notj in any class .referred to by the writer who does us andthconclusion is immediately drawn FLOWERS OF THOUGHT. such great honor, (in his opinion,) when he we lo hot love us, and consequently, being says, 'Polygamy makes comparatively reFoBdiVENESs is the odor of sweet flowers ought spectable, women, of girls who might other- unnoticed "unloved and unattended, ' ' Svh en trampled upon. ! !f wise have been r prostitutes." . The reason to arop out or existence. worth there tor, Is then nothing living why; ho 'tuinks that is because he don't .Labor for the other. life tiat awaits 'theo,, and to humored but be caressed, by did petted, would he he if about know; anything it; and consider the time it must endure. f ; J: as as it far well all is a That man? goes, very know that such girls "as might otherwise You havo hot fulfilled eveiy dutynunless man but is the that not only thing j in existence would live in have been pro3tltutes:,,,J' worth living for I fail to see. All honor and you have fulfilled that of being pleasant. Polygamy, if by any mischance or inapti- reverence to good men; but they and their tude of places they should ever get into it. Never despise humble services; when of sources not are the attentions hap only may they would Very soon- tire of it, and eventu large ships run aground, little boats fill not: : , need .on the up anp. covenants or earth, piness oft. heedless of them aU'fpromlses, ally;' ..nave.. every thought of woman. And when men pull . - r i as free many themselves,, ceremonies, do not or mis- see that women can exist without their be. vG9EatT pwerto andnatural gifts, done; not because they were starved at hand, that they can bring privilege the possessor so ; much as treated biit because heyo did : not possess ing constantly - or depenu upon tKeybring du ties. : ; learn to bo 1 goodness, purity, integrity and principle each other for more or less happiness, it Be nobler arid the nobleness that lives in , enough to endure unto the end. conceit out of the a littlo will perhaps take other men? sleeping but 1 hever dead, : will t cannot bear to hear those women, who of some of them. rise in majesty to meetyour owuW have in all' purity of heart and; soul, .helped "WoodTo my mind one great fault in to establish this Jioly Jprdqr, instituted j Dy it If voir would be pungent bo brlef; f" hull's while: renroaehfullv-bpro srviri Lecturehere, ias rxmihtinn as,that rfwina is with words . , , J ' I "V TTr vMW"f v vo p "mcu to uuiu to iww attest uesamg tneir without lifting my voice they are condensed the deeper they burn. women of the so. she disparageingly and spoke earnest virtue, sincerity truthfulness, T ..I Mnir jH0fjflfli in savinw no themselves: ciassincr mem an togeiner as The mind has a certain; vegetative pow-" WHY, AH! WHY. . right; the constant cutting down and ' root- -' ; -- : self-sacrific- e, ; a - ; j w r ( .... . , 1 -- - . td'enteinto-detailsfiorndertaka-i- cr; . ; - 3 truo-rhearte- , half-witte- much-endurin- g. d t " . ; . ! , f : - : : -- . r . , self-relia-nt ; : - , -- . -- -- I m m m - M j n w. i r' " w rwr rm w i i! iiiti " 7 km I I -v Tinipss. PxPHTirifiTir ww w ! l iuuetuU. iiciouii. 1 m Af. WoniriotiAnf, 1m in t war yA.Tan t If tn nw a mu vi umucuiit. hschs ouwv, -k , w r r v I believe i n women, especially minKing thfl women who first stepped JSo.doubt tho most ratiqnai and agreeaoie forth to herald in this unpopular, "unchris- - women. Are wo: numan oeings, rational to lie dor and and accountable, yet permit tianized and uncivilized principle, this way'of keeping up social in tercQurse- ia to see one's irienus lrequemiy, out n emau of barbarism?" so caUed.Y They mant the highest faculty 01 our nature Aaiia-Wrmax-nf tho Purl-- 1 thousrht? Ala3 we see it every day! But numbers; indeed it is an tham; tans. cirls born, reared and educated in there is a day dawning when wo will bo ira which directs, "for thinking, :. one; for. conversation, two, no more; fo? t argument,' New England: brought up to look with hor has the who interest woman in Utah, three; for social pleasure, five; for trouble,; a ror upon any breach pf decorum or propri every :: house full. ety; crirls possessed of natural intelligence of her sex at heart, should exert her utmost and educational attainments sufilcient to influence to extend the circulation of the ' The 'cultivation ' of friciidship should fluallfvthom forpolito society" in common Exponent; for wherever it nnasits way,into never boTrieglectedr It J llfl'.v us ;but of the . Th i nk- - vou "with their unsullied us more''ioU bo awakened, narrow sphere of self," makes trates will thero their thought unblemished their lives, and opens a reputation,' to reel and under-- erant of the'feelings orotners, nnritv of training, thev were not each one there willi woman !begin wide field for many 3 good word and deed; . XI. I n lA.TnXI 0 m fflnnMohin nnr ft strnrif Jinn nnhlA 0 ffiFwhof of them, individually '' and identically a " . . - and inspiring, .worth living for, worthy of writ, not are heroine? And if their narae3 .fx"owtxxft1 husbands do even their frt nffoinment. W"".4, " ,.though , or numan neart,-anme wmuinsiui u uuuemiu the best qualities 4t xu,?. wim wArA fa- -.- - " old-fashion- s ed ; mi-Inn- " A 1 ' 0.1 . - VTIkI they uiioofr-. I I ?flwul:J wy a Zt:' ought to be engraven impensnao y in uu.pu whilst insnnsibly elevating our own charac- exhaust the Eng Saint the memory of every Latter-da- y in caressing. tUem. And, ; iesvsen.tho sorrows They stood forth as it wero alone,, fearless- lish vocabulary we may"bc held in ignominy, and. for the truth, none to defend or acknowl- though . "' IX nZnX. t cai-- . edffe them. They laid all upon the altar oisgraco oy mouwu suaui), uuu. xia n.nni iaxtxf jr , of ;their faith irave all to their rellerion. I ding genius,' airs. uunuy, ur wuru, :uuw . aaiuau, original wiua may , y veraici, do uiui puoresi .oi uu recKonea.tnat 01 waniei ijiuruueti, They were desniscd. ovil spoken of, and cording to ner 3 we m cer .u an a.asf unioveu ino .ioma sneered at on every hand. Think you they creatures, who," yut wniiM fr tVifa frrm imrTirn nnfl ifnoblfl live an unsullied life, n our reputation in Dying: very: poor, this singular ieuuw uefif nrna 9 nnd Trot nrttfrt cif.VininfnL sif-- thosiVht of heaven is spotless, if We .pos- - aueathed hU debts to' the Government Of a Bentra!. who frenerously acceptoa. tno rinntrfn Wui, ortrtf innnnea nf fiitferv sesa that best of all nradmimtfnn nn hnnnv Vfnntfqmof love, clear conscience, wo invest ourselves with 1 equivocal legracy. We hardly krtow wboth- t, and we will oventu- - er to admire moro the "sangfroid of the tes onlv the Rnfft xhn ih ninin. straight. I dlcrnity and iAvr.1 miri nf rintTr - onri o . .nncrinncnnw of I all v receive all that our hearts most crave, tator or tho bonhoaime of tho legatee. -- -- of-others- ? l . : TV1 bosom-companion- s, self-respec- , vuPj' ""V'; 