mimimwi'M-E JLtiCr Udy SdJntSp I . For the Exponent '. .... WOMAN'S - , EXPOKW - "Her pride was crushed, Her sons were willing slaves, nor blushed In their own land, no more their own- ,To erouch beneath a stranger's throne. , I :'"'""--:':-:'f'r:ir'- ... iuu There was a very" la go congregation out at funeral notwithstanding the cold ipclem-- " the V ent time. The speakers were Prest. B. ,. The election has come and gone, and how Young Jr., Bishops Wra. B. Preston, M7 W. ;'.'. ' r often has been heard from women tho re Where slaves, converted by the sword, Merrill and Elders E. M. Greene, Moses Their mean apostate worship pour'd, mark "Oh! no thank you, I did not vote, Thatcher and J. Hatch : They dwelt mostly And cureod the faith their sires adored." am not strong minded." Poor, silly things! upon the subject of the "passing away" of M. Miner. Laura those who had learned from the Prophet Did. you not know that by such a spsach you S. L. City March 8th, J874. Joseph,and have been faith fnl to thepresent. called forth pity for yourselves and the male Bro. Hyde was buried with military honors. members of your families, from every Colds, coughs, and a kind of scarlet fever GARDENING AS WOMAN'S WORK. are thoughtfurperson? Acknowledge,if you will, quite prevalent here, mostly among the children: The snow is from eighteen inches that you are indifferent to the interests of This has long seemed to md an employthe community in which you dwell or, that ment in which women would hot only train to 2 feet deep, and more is coming nearly every day. The weather is very cold: Tho health" and gtrengthf but-iwhich the 'most UtahNbrthern-is blockaded vi th snow from .modest and' retiring-- might' find bn"gehial foUr-- mi lesbelow IIamptci?-Stationrsand the of which are occupation, products sayit is because you lack moral strength to never depreciated because raised by women. there is no passing by rail into this valley. express those opinions in public. There is A peck of peas has a certain market "value no misery entailed on the other sex by mar- not depending upon the hands which raised so great as that of being united to a TTTP FOR WOMEN. riage who works at making j weak minded" woman. Fancy what a safe them, A woman . cents receives fifty a day, not on ac Wo need more vocations in which educaguard the counsels of a woman would pants count of the amount or quality of her work, be to a man in the temptations that beset but because she is a woman. A man en ted women can work, says the Boston Globe, h(mJnJiisyouth.Jvvhat a comforter in the gaged on the same - garments receives $2 u wi thout compromising eith er thei of ad versityy-ho- w unflinchingly she not because of the amount or quality occould bear poverty by his side and help bim day, his work, but because he is a man. It is ing demand that professional and other of to meet, with indifference, the scorn that cupations, now monopolized by men, should true-tham doubtless the cases, very t, many are onsiderations the world heaps upon failure. Better! ten man does his work better than a woman : be open to the thousand times better be strong minded,the but it is not less true that-iof natural adaptations wh ich, in tho a of majority true companion of your husband and bro sex. So of the school. long run, will determine this question in difference is cases,the thers, the guide and promoter of your chil A male teacher receives $1,000 a year, nof particular employments. The moment that educated Avomen make their mark in any dren'sryvellare, than the puny, inane crea because his moral influence is not better, moro is done to obviture who has not the strength to think. I becauseliis learn but because honorable" occupation, more, pupils do not advocate the claims, of a masculine he is a man. A woman teaches a similar ate the evils of relying on the chances of woman, to admiration. On the contrary, I any amount of disreceives $400, not because of the marriage for support thanEducation and school, must bo think she should be sweet, and womanly, of her moral influence in the cussion can accomplish. inferiority and not flaunt her opinions in every one's school, not because the adapted to the circumstances of tho pupils, learns but less, pupil not far distant when face because she knows enough to form them; because she is a' woman. Now, all and we trust the time is happily, not preno more than a man, though he be an athlete, this is avoided in A man who a false idea of respectability will gardening, should attempt the role' of a bully and prize would sell a beet is not obliged to put on a vent parents from affording their daughters honfighter, yet who sometimes might realize label "raised by a man, ten cents," and upon such instruction as will fit them for an that strength was a Godsend to him for the another, "raised by a woman, four cents," est and honorable independence. defence of those he reverenced or loved. but the article brings its market value. This So should we consider and guard the elec- is a great aa vantage ana one anoraing a FACTS AND FIGURES. tive franchise, useing it conscientiously, as special to Be women of spirit. gratification a God given privilege, and when men are sides gardening an occupation that reis Of the new trade dollars 1,409,000 have "been placed, in nomination, of rulers or dele- quires little .capital, and except in the fancy coined. gates who would rob us for our rights, our departments, comparitively little training. them. Near Iowa grew more wheat in 1S73 tlwu any other united ballot should of the cities a woman can earn any But, methinks, I hear the gentlemen say, more upon a half acre of land, with four state. : CKVVeiwiU restorejthe :rjght ofjdwerJ' Sirs, months work than she can twelve Thera of worship in byjeijag ajbrtjJitantlplaccs are vyou so ignorant of the doirip of the monthssaying nothing of the unheal tin ne.is Rome. Utah Legislature that you do not know that of sewing. Dio Lewis. at the same session during which they took Boston has twenty-on- e Bap 1st churches, with us the awathe right of dower, they gave 7,570 members. nus or our richt to hold property exclusive FROM CACHE VALLEY. The Buffalo (N. Y.)Young Mjii's Christian Aswoindustrious an So that bands' control? sociation is 38 years of age. or a trade business, though tied man, with 1874. March 4th, Smitiifield, Coaches oi carriages were first used in England to a thriftless man, need not be despoiled of in the year 1 530. They were introduced from Gerher earnings to supply the needs of his lazy Dear Exponent: I have just returned from Bishop Wm. many by the Earl of Arundel. existence. And the heiress, who wouia fain be loved for herself alone, need not fear Hyde's funeral; how comforting when we In New York in winter, the price of a handsome reato to with called are friends, part for her upon fortune hunter, the advances of the y dollars. BouIos3 is their gain." basket of Towers is from five to our "Whatis lize if that, after hers still are marriage, dol possessions tFiwenty-fiv- e !1 H II 1874. He quets can be made at from thr.v j j since him known have I June, um n 10 is retain mem, she chooses T reduc- - was born in Sept., 1818; embraced the gos- lars. be can she that affections her through A "Kissil'' e?ir said to he larger than that of an pel April 7th, 1834, under the hands of Bro. eu to Deggary. nui neru is wuuiu Murdock; and has been a true and ostrich, has been purchased for the St. Pctcrsburgh tures, Congress and Presidents have failed John dolto repeal the fiat given to woman by the faithful servant of the Lord Jesus Christ, museum, at a" cost of scveu hundred and fifty since. He may truely be said to have lars. It was found in one of tho Bu?sian provingreat Law Giver, in the day of her creation, ever worn his life out in the service of God. He ces. ., :Thv desire shall be to thy husband, and has to to the traveled much gospel preach he shall rule over thee;" and every loving Extensive fanning. Tlie Colusa Sun states that 500 one was of the tho world; as now as unbelieving of force it strongly wife feels the Mr. II. K. Glenn, of that county will put in 40,000 to save life down to his volunteered who lay she could the day it was promulgated and acres of wheat this year. It is calculated the yield across marched the and his plains friends, she would not have it otherwise. But for will be 1,000,000 bushels, and worth5 at least, $1,000 Mexico. in war to seat of the deserts and -libunprincipled any Iris work upon the earth; hoi to ertine to claim the right legislate for, and He has fi rushed The "PublisheH Circular' ' (England) states that y has kept the faith and now has gone to reap and eonscience,sim-plheart woman's a govern - during the past year there were published in that because he is a man, is what no strong-minde- d his reward;a crown of nghteousness,reuempadditions of new book?, 13236-ne- w woman will concede. Should such tion from sin.andeternal lives in the king- country, 3,403and 212 Poet say, former works reprints of American publimen (?) succeed, however, in disfranchising domof our God. Well did theman meets cations; making a total cf 4,09K . According to the where the good chamber "The art of the to continue we will study us, is privileged beyond the common classification, 'tales, works of fiction, etc. were the and the principles of religion his fate, or Hea most numerous, while works, on law were the fewwalk--, the in verge hot shall quite it that our children so and instruct est in number. s. , ven. bo said of Utah: STRONG-MINDE- WOMJEN. D : . ' . n ' o, . . ' rrespceta-bilityriTilnrl- -- sex.--Th- ere -c- n be-again- ' ; , - . v 1 1 ' '- w ut-gio- . upstart-demagogue.o- x ' ( self-governme- nt, - I,--,-- . su 