 , i r :..:::;; nn n.i.u.tiimii - r - y i a VOICE; YQ one shall be taken and the other left" Could T ImvA foi If we could but cast from ourselves our a frood husbmd n Qmiu v ;"ug uso 7. uiuu ior burdens of care, realizing hat with God is me oi me uosnel ? Nn indooAr perfect wisdom and perfect love; and tha t i Knowitnis to be II He will make all things work for bur best piay inac 1 may ever be obedient7'to 11 good if we seek diligently and faithfully to VOic; , "r serve Him, how happy wo should be! But It is a day of testing. LViid when I see so sometimes, when little circumstances occur many people regardless of those things to annoy and grieve us, we somehow submit which it has been prophesied should come EX-MAyO- ine-WOrK-OF- . J pf Gnd. ' . --.r.:: : - M - : ... n T ... lt, r- T -- r iri - : 1 HALL'S DAUGHTEllS. K ex-May- 'Hall or has been blessed , w cati an1 !u Kv,tJ. cauji ui jus emmren , eaucate(i in some special pursuit, that they' may. mus oe guaraca against" tuder offortunerIIis son sunnloments school duties with amusement at the" print mg press, mtending to learn the art of print- ; tho'-vicLssi- -' - to be tempted, and allow ourselves to be to pass in the last; days, and which n v W made doleful and miserable in mind. Then fulfilled dav bvdav. T wnnrlor im Onn r fi, being It is we realize most our mortal weaknesses. iJopiuiy others and mothers, who are neglecting and an etcher, having learned all the details Then it is, at times, we almost feel as though w ciuiuren to understand fe v. .w w uoa nau iorsauen us. liut only think, sis- - walk in ineir . ... - . fo . rii7"Cr ho "ror8 v.f 4.,k TT it mo worm v icuiuc ior dooks t?and for some of Frank - "";."Tr." Jieruesigns He has . v.,Mlfe0 , , , ciu TTn will nrxf r puunuuion.i nave attracted much i fi,.; to attention. Another dauIitnr vrJfWt language .... . i fif .T T"IJ v t II Nil r . V TVf t l .(. til w- W liAiiit IF ) f lZI8J1 vttv I I 1 I 1 1 I v il. -- 1 4 1 - I r Mccoinplislifix oulAC1" vrKU-.uie- . r . UI..my bro-.- pianist. pronaoie .enects . .t7 faith hniiniM-nn. . . A . third is receiving special train- . . with inc. to t " i4 us oe wise in time, -and ingior tnolync ... . stage, possessi ng a full, round 1 that Hois ahlf tn nolivpr n nnf f nil c.Annc t k ?.... no ou our in and sweet chest voice tVWother is alrea,dy;7 rff v aa v w. trnhin uu su ii wt vessels. umxVinS .! no uioi soubrette and character only strive with our might to keep the com We have a 'Srodd" Relief SnPietv horn in Linfpr;J fn rrfntn frTna Un. C,rL J7 mandments which He lias given us? I which I am a teacher. I think we should perfectincr herself as a modeste nnd millinor.' thinkwe should feel thus. - A nd i f we have all be teachers and learners .of the waj-s-. of These will perhaps respecUvepursuits not received a perfect testimony of His the Lord, and doers of his work. .-. 1 t tt" so ..ill! uo uiiiiztu wiiiic iur. nail uovtjr enjoys arid kindness for we loving JfijjPqwer ourselves, Saraii Roberts. large and lucrativo a practice as at present, ii riirnr. iii iiiiiiiiiiK uiuy, "ijv but it must bo a comfort to him and his ! spirit, until we do receive it. And that will family to know that if ever occasion arises mate us satisned; under all circumstances. A POET SURPRISED. there are occupations open to the daughters For we then feel that God is all wise and beyond the usually forced and A correspondent thus tells a New York o nes of governesses, com panions,precarious powerful, and that we are in his care. I e tc. , etc. kndw'that the more united we can be in our paper how the Poet Laureate was recently faith and in our works, the more good we caught "in the suds" by Queen Victoria: can accomplish, and the happier we shall "The Queen once sent him word that she LEARN TO KEEP SILENCE. be. It is my daily prayer that we may all live so that the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, would honor him with a visit on the followGood friends, it is a great and worthy day. The announcement was received may delight to dwell with us. Let us learn ing full welcome from with the and his thing to know w hen to keep you th royal poet to be wise, my sisters and in be G all in it ;said nir.Tnf 0 to be household, which, respect has, shut! Somepeop live i th j'ears with thoughts and words, cultivate VflTTUI fll TIlU .111 Cfl II. out IIM !H rJIMIflllU 1111 II that. Indeed, the older they learning truth and purity; then all our works will be vantages of poetical atmosphere. Order grow the wider their mouths open. Carlylo acceptable unto our eternal Father. not there reign supreme in outward somewhere says that what people have need S. L. City. j Eva Walstkum. does things. The house was, however, put under to learn is the art of silence. A man or arms to receive ; tho; royal visitor; Tennyson woman who is a great gabblerat 45 is a hor- Harris ville, Weber Co., Jan. 18th. arrayed Mrs. rid creature: whether tho propensity is himself in solemn dress-coa- t; Editor Exponent: toilet; the hereditary or acquired, it is simply . awful, As an invitation has been extended to all Tennyson wore an appropriate Tennysons were snatched from This age shows an unusual development of who wish to correspond with the Exponent, younger mud-pieand dressed, and kept in tongue. There are two things this genera- -' and as I feel it a great privilege which I en- hnnflflO'A tf washed thfi host HnthlVSt fnr tho whnlf f naarla in loom w hnn in snr': nnf lifrirr S 11 11 & I C - - . - Y I r ,.mtmu-- The Home Journal says . . j - woman's exponent. :, . r wmMmm v fl r-r- SI I J I aou I I s, inn joy in connection with maay others, I wish afternoon, while a delicate repast of straw- - and, when they say anything, to avail myself of it. and cream and flowers was prepared In perusing your paper, I find many sub- - berries aroor an oucot door3. Jiut tne in jeeti of .interest, and note--among others, the eet of Woma n Suffrajre. ail important-su- d ad(J the n6lt and tho next) and to say it well. n'0 THE SEX. household drew a majesty" appeared.The which at present is occupying so great a of regret- - and lapsed into slippers and is taking tho lead among share of attention from Eastern ladies. I sigh mud-pie- s once more. Rut lo f one morn i ng theJulia Garetson Grange orators77tnd-i- 3 said --to ' say, God bles3 them, and continue to inspire as the children were at their favorite pas ' "r popular.; them to go on in their laudable pursuits, un- time in the the and poet meditating garden, til oppression of every kind shall cease! dressing-gowMrs. Tennyson and in his Jennie Collins provided i a Christmas I hope soon to see a more general waking on domestic cares intent, a horseman dashed dinner for a large number of girls at Raflin's up among our own ladies, that we may no- up to the gate, and shouted Tho Queen!' Rower, Roston. : , . tice "the signs of the times;" and instead and before could don his coat or v- of reading the trashy novels of the day, be warn his Tennyson of c; Syracuse, former; drew the up vssGiFroRD,art in lorence. and en-- carnage wife, royal ob-- r. found. reading. our own good Exponent, is u I Airut. ua 1 1 . I UC1UI U lilt? liuusc. . mc mouiitb ui a if r t n a of Samucl bust Ilcv its and wise hints, learning serving y7 true gentleman, he went forward to greet his &cd ca led hB fUmily to him, ana led .Rev. Pll(EDE iranalbrd, tho pastor of Sa'Vn foreign, . M vV u.uvu. .v,. v mn tu house. intn the Then there iuu TTn;vA1.ooiJof w tiw ts, v Axttviii uiiiivioaiiov ri.nv, vuuitu and also duties of a more public nature to hpr was an awful pause. suddenly me poet cepts her call to Jersey City, but she will .which we may be called. If some think raised his head and looking at the Queen, not leave her present church, , over which our3 a dull paper, I cannot favor their judgwoo is me! For five days I shehas-be- en settled ; three .years, until ment: I think all can learn something to exclaimed, 'Oh, waited,ready in suitable attireto receive my April. their benefit from reading it I hail it with Aueen. n Wiie was ruauy, mm iiiy My and in and the I pleasure rejoice Four women in France have received day live; were washed and pictures to behold, I pray my Father in Heaven to bless the land her majesty came not; and now she has decorations: ; viz.Madame Dunbar, Superior Editor and all who labor to bring to light and found us in what a plight!' the of a Convent, at Nancy; Rosa Ronheur, come, ,"; ; . .precious truths newt irrmned. '. The Queen broke into a Lady Pigot and Mile. Rertho .Rocher of Yours in the bonds of peace, E. S. new merry laugh, and the ice thus broken so Havre, who have lately founded a ..: ., '; gracefully and wittily did not form again hospital.' thr-1 3 8 74. Janr Goshen; Utah, during the visit." Two of the most successful and best paid Dear Exponent: ed i tors in1 New York . are worn en ? .Miss I desire to mingle my voice with those of Mary. Lv Booth, of the "Bazar,"; Wlio re- uoage, my sisters in bearing testimony to the truth. Whittier, Bryant, Lowell Jjongtellow liret ceives $4Uuu a year,and 3irs. Mary a sal and Home." has who best paid "poets, of the "Hearth I have been a member of this church for Harto and Bayard Taylor aro tjfic Indus-trious twenty-fiv- e ary 6 f 4.$3 0 0 0.7 Tli ey a re hot h ..very years: am one of the number of and receive from $00 to $100 for and capable. Which the prophet said, "There shall be two in verso that they write. bj j -- ' n, ; - , ; . ' - . w0 . . hrnrr7r . ak-xiu- tr uun-dre- . -r- --r 1 ; - - almost-anythin- g If' f4 H 4R 