WOMAN'S EX P ONEN T. . nusjbWd'ia, 4mte&iicd:mth.ms' old clothes, Half of us are old at triree score, the very tlme a rnanlought to 'fe and; Ks even : ;K ' an dl physical "prime;1" Half of ; bW wives; teste, bn'thc"nice fit'rcf his'nWraik" Tor the Exroxtax." HOPE, - ;.: . . inocairrsoFAKHoca. . , Giro back, girt back thy genial teams. To cheer MVj path of grief and paln i : . led to their IaTxr. Of timeS would be better lor 2 ten Nlne 0ut it' f Ar.H VTloW Wn W nmnpnl aHpartiesif ,tiie farmer should get up and f,hh1 It k MtMAtoi-m- thatrrWshould brtaklastfc hi Is Tvora:dur- - US wear a garment during theVnight fW coming, directly, from her toilet to inff th(i dav and ff a "ladr " xvitk scarcely enoueh we, le, because it a most always exercise to prddube' dWof Serspiratiob, neV a she has to remain up, to set hOwfis happens tiiat d garnieSt 'in ' Mch to 6 clean; , vi Vine crnriA ' V ,.... thlUPS t i i lorifnftpr ic mm a man who nas oeen nam at worK an aay : v rlpht ia the dust and heat, with the sweat dripping from tabed, when really , he has, nothing to do lo bed- - This, S a -- child, to whom after UPPer but to & ivirv Borelr?Tf a health Pd sleep oomess ewbaiid aturallaskMtteiv aruiaiHdr Those blissful though illusive dreams, 0 star of hope give back again! Give back the promises of Joy, ., -- That gleam alon the cloudi of woe, How much of grief can they destroy, Though never realized below. ' Give back the sunoy smiles of calm, 'That vblpered peace amid th; storm -- - - -- II , . Dispense asaln' the healinff balm, v-ac- m S. Erysipelas, a disease bringing with it the remaining contents of the' stomach ; and lest there be any remnant of pbisoni however rnall let 'the white of ; a;;poultlceiofi,mwcranberrie3 and pounded, placed on the part overnight. Insect bites, and even ' that of a rattle- snake, have passed harmless, by stirring enough of common salt into the yolk: of a good egp; to make it sufficiently thin for a piaster to be kept ou the bitten par tsv".v,i;' i 1 hs nJ K . 14a.v , qaard-glyeVt- for "phprkihRrtpprfno'.1 o cono'Vilno'. (3 ; .tp. r o r tyj mer can on stouDed nressinsr bv te "Cough - -- the nerves of the lip iti the neighborhood of ine nose a pressure mere may prevent a -- cough when it. is beginning. Sneezing may be stopped by the same mechanism. Press-inc- r. also, in the neitrhborhood of the ear. may. stop coughing, j: It is so; also; of hiccough,' but much less so than for sneezing or coughing; Pressing very hard on the top 0f the mouth, inside, is .also a means of stopping coughing. And I may sayrr that : tZ u.,0 ns k hence- they benefit by, the - 'ciange?whereas woman suffers by the addition. ;R. T " Lkmos for DiniTHEKiA.-r-i- n a clinical That is true! "Men do need and should have lecture by M. l3ucquoy, he expressed ; his i nightgowns. . Everyiman does who knows "what's preference for lemon juice, as a local aoDli- ca tion in d iph t h eria, to acids, chloride of wJiatflMd when he does he does not do as of the women do who we,ir tKpm potash, nitrato.;of diver, , per:chloride of . garment he has. worn all mm, uiuia or inuo water, .no uses it by day .under, his. How many i women are; there who remove the dipping a Httla. plug of cotton wool, twisted Put who nightdress? But the around a wire, in the juice, and Dressing it ns men wno uo wear make them, substi-- " api thordisease T N..jT. i.w - A larger number of virulent poisons than any medicines in 'the shopsv a by. applying " fotihe day shirl k often comincr with- - promptly , , tatt'3 having outremonition, and ending fatally in three cause these very common articles nullify a or:four days, is sometimes cured . process is very simple. Canning Place a dean and very wet towel in a pan, away from currents of air. set the can to be filled th towel, put asilrer spoon . in .it- - then set. tho fruit funnel and pour in the boiling fruit. Kemoyc the ,funnel and spoon, fill the :cm.tothe,Tery'.tbp;''ind ted tightly. Then "' when nearly cold give the screw ring; if possible another turn r or part of a " tnrnj Stand the cans unside down tn nmVA k that they are tight, If the syrup' can't get out the air cw'tj'iiu-frF- r Fruit.--T- ho night-gow- 1 . HYGIENIC NOTES. Padding, Two pints meal.onc pint gnted bmd, ono of. molasses, one of lrQwn .yy ' '. 1 5 HINTS. night-gqw- ??PB??:0HFMT efficient and applicable in a i T remedy, more body and .with every nerve unstrung? r ' --Though men Jmve wisdom, power andf ability, large number or cases than any; half dozen icirics we din huw thin of Is a heaping though they are jptrong helpful and independtt, though they have office and greatness, sit in legis- - teaspoon of common salt and as muchgrouM lative halls and become M. C.'s. they do need and mustard, stirred rapidly in a teacup of water. ' wrm brcold; afad swallowed. 1 nstantlyi-- jt always should have is scarsely down belore It begins to come up, Geraldine. Germane. aight-gowD- nine-tcnt- I ; JlicuSscmi. f w1 - - i up store,; ..ofllco or counting room in exhaustive or has fallen into cony ulsiona j from T 4 tive needs a refreshiiig 'night dress, how is it withthe . a - Salt takoCity,' f i weU-aire- ; And miracles of rood perform. ; :' ; Thine are the promises of heaven, l)r latent memories Pttho soulj " Some gtrayinir beams of tlory given, To lead us to the blissful goal. " Dear star, the heart unlit by thco . Is but a charnel house of gloom,x. " "" Where nothing lives but misery,And no sweet flowers of promise bloom; Give backr give back thy genial beams, ; To cheer life's paths of grief and pain; ' Thy blissful though illusive dreams 0 star of hope give back ajraioi ' - - ' ;;. .'Th0'4piDi deprived of. food talk about "hardening the .const! tu- - ,Me - tion,' and with that iview expose them- to summer's sun and winter's wind, ingly are that a patient coughed then." H ., lyoiraiuaaim euoris, ana many; unnecessary v .w ,To WASHikaxoN same the end hardships. : , A correspondent writes: mothers. sou?e their. Httie infants in cold "In company with Mr. Allison I called on water day by day, Tho best way I know our honored 'citizen, the genial and yery cbm- 6f hardening the constitution is "tot take pete'nt 'Secretary of (General Belknap, .yart care of for is no it more improved Ho is in .appearance "every inch a soldier, good it, by harsh treatment than a fine wrmpnt nr and' Iri barin' a VpntTpninn- - vrthniit a nevv hat lYmadobetter by "betoganged j fn , t iTo Stiffen Linen. Such articles ? cuffs. . etc, I which : require to be .made very stiff-- . chould be starched in the f .llowing way: Mix a f;tablcEpoonful, of starch with enough5 cold water; to I make it smooth," then turn on .enough boiliug water and boil it ten minutes; then' add a bit of white wax the size of a three centpioce and a tcaspdonful of alcohol. The spirit is to mcreasa th( utilTnaea help to .retain it. The war is to prevent the Utarch from sticldng to tho l irbh If the flat iron still sticks to tho starch; rub hard "soap gently over In case of the bottom of the iron. Put tho collars, cuffs, ctd; into a tin pan' and place in a warm spot by the tiuiucisiug-iu.it.ir Etove or range, to become Tery dry before putting Meanwhile, 'na copghs- here.will i.o to;"day , rlt ,.Fas,0xcce-selve- s - ; : ill-inform- ed burning or scald " en-- 1 Ar pitrt, in foiu water ,V gives r.. a . . -- .l the WarDerjarti imuau' get some common white flour would ever get into it, Tri the course of d IaWand became; a clerk for six and apply it an inch or two thick on the in. t,me 1 then took my Clothes -.-A Renovating jured parti the moment it emerges from the mcsv ior foway wnn a .ago Vnew suit of clothes was 'considered indispsn-cahl- o water, ana Keep sprinkling, on:, the flour rfcC"CAu5u A MVM IWSVk tuu iuiiuu uu preseniiuen t in my mina by the head of our; family who had.unfortu- - inrougti anything liko. a pepper box cover. uccp so as .to put It on evenly.? Do "hU 'w m else thatx wouia ono dayTeturn hfereas headrjf Tcatciy occn causntin nothing drink nothing but water, eat nothing until the Department :;v fellow clerk.said:to me: Iclothci rather a dfla'Didated ' improvement 'commences, excebt somedrv Belknap,; you; are' a fool :to leave, a good having more means at our command than nnr rl?ship With a salary of twelve hundred 'besia demanded,' and having determined toeoon-:cmi- bread sortened in very weak tea of some in every possible way. I concluded iht ?r kind. Cures of frightful burns have been doIIW ?f V',T4 performed Id" this vvav. as wonderfnl nfTiriv said, Uam Secretary of 3Var,he is my clerk.' cpcn fcinz and crcssin?- would w';tnrflv thnm w . . uuwmn ' ...... y i This Is only one - of. a ' thousand incidents ... ww ' I In , UlU CUUUKUJI; 4vwvw ' AS a PeODle. Wfi , imf fraf nAnti c oan lit'" - A. I' . a' J wo Go not cot enough rp?t. Vr xta wfii" .irit.manrr. tv,u.o,vesi. rr." irr v .uirou iuiuLrs . iiKUt'H our nprvniionooo i Fq?t - . . w. . o t ' young "1 i -- Half-wor- n an. wer -rfv V . . A. A ' a -- i? -- ; . 1 I , ' , -- " 4- 1 - - . . r , r A --- - -- v 1 I - " -- w mill INI w rMVMWWE,Al'iO III v Ilia - 1 j TT riiTX LT y nvvft f - -- KDIQ II CA Aivvttucv A I I fHA nit; fi a cov axu A nttiv WVCf Cliij o 