WO M AN'S EXPLANATION. EXPONENT. 21 pervisor of streets have formerly been held by one person, but the duties of each having grown so numerous and important, as to require the attention of one person alone, Mr. Wm. Hyde has been appointed supervisor, Mr. Isaac Groo retaining the office of general water master. -- Webopo our kind readers will readily excuse the lateness of the present issue, when we offer in "explanation that we, in consequence of ill liess. are now unable to write except by dicta ing to another and we were disappointed in not having editorial assistance upon which we had depended. r Added to this Miss Home, the Business Manager is still suffering from a se vere jar caused by the upsetting of a coach on which she wa? riding. These causes may affect the punctuality, Of the. succeeding number, but we hope not, for, regretting the delay as much as our readers, we mean to have it out to time . - "." ; NEW EXCHANGE. ' We take pleasure in placing the "Beaver --Enterprise1! on our list of exchanges. It; is edited by Daniel Tyler not David, as incorrectly stated, through misinformation, in our notice of the recent editorial change at the office of that paper. As a regular visitor we feel to welcome the ''Enterprise' will "an able prove a success as long as it aims lt be advocate for, and defender of the best interests afid-friist:l- t - of the people. . - MADE A CITIZEN. We learn from the SaltXake "Herald" that Mrs. Elsa Johnson a Swedish lady was nat uralized in the Third District Court, on the 17th ult,. and according to that spicy paper, "The lady answered the questions in Judge UTAH EDUCATIONAL BUBH A U. This organization, established: in the in terests of education in Utah, proposes to act as an agency for all kinds of educationaljn telligence. It will furnish information; to school officers, who want qualified teachers; teachers who want suitable positions; to schools, needing fuTnlturo and apparatus, concerning tho most approved anduitable styles, either of eastern or home manufacand Sunday ture; toV Literal schools, wanting suitable books for their libraries; concerning the. location, character, and facilities of the principle institutions of learning in the United States concerning the Importation of foreign books for public or private libraries, free of duty; concerning the titles, authors, arid publishers of the principal works extant on almost every sub ject; also in relation to appropriate, and economical plans and architectural designs for all kinds of school buildings. Persons having remainders, or lots of books, or any rare, standard, or curious work to part with, may find sale for them through the Bureau. The Bureau will also make out lists of appropriate books for general and special libraries, ' OF SPECIAL IMPORTANCE TO SCHOOL OFFICERS AND TEACHERS. McKean's polygamic catechism without flinch r:,..v,:::- - ing." This, so far as we are aware, is the first in stance of the naturalization , of a lady in this Territory, but we see no reason why women should not take advantage of the naturaliza tion law as well as men,-- when they would be benefited by so doing. - ; : Tho. Bureau proposes to open communica- x t outt. 01r or lion fir teaeners 1! : wiin employment desiring a change of location, and with trustees and other school officers wishing to engage a teacher. Tho object of the Bu- 14. For how long will you engage? " FORM OF APPLICATION FOR A TEACHER. Applicants will answer tho following S questions. I. The name and locality, of school? II. What branches to be taught? -- nIs a lady-gentleman wanted? v "" or 4. 5. Have you preference as to age? What Is the average number of pupils aud . -. their age? u.W hat salary will you pay? 7. 8. 0. 10. . How is it ttf be paid? Is board included? If without board, what does board cost? Must the teacher be a church member; If :cz Ho wjong will you engage?": t"::-:.:When must the teacher commence? 1 13. Will you pay; traveling exrnse Too. full particulars cannot be given. Applications will remain thrw months on the register of the Bureau, unless sooner ruled. . 11. 12. Address -- John 11. Park, . University of Deseret, Lake City. Preserve this for future reference. FACTS AND FIGURES. The breweries of Great Britain consume nearly 60,000,000 pounds of sugar annually. In Scotland the salaries of certificated teachers are, for men $550 a year, and $290 for women. . Easton; Pa., ha3 800 marriageable young ladies for whom there are visible pro- 110 spective husbands. of sugar from 1 , Fifty thousand pounds 000 trees have been made by Mr. Slay ton of Stoye, Yt. The statistics of the United States Patent Office show that the inventive genius of Connecticut is unrivaled. More patents, in proportion to the population, being issued to that State than to any other. r Massachusetts ranks next, then Rhode Island, New York and New Jersey;; ;. How women vote in England. The London Examiner-ys;Insixty8i- x municipal electious, out of every 1000 women who enjoy equal rights with men: on; tho register, 516 went to the polls, which is but 48 less than the proportionate number of men. And out of 27,949 women registered, where a contest occurred, 14,416 voted. Of men there were 166, 781 on tho register, and 90,080 at the poll." The "Examiner" thereupon draws this conclusion: "Making allowance for thn reluctance of old spinsters to chancre their habits and the more frequent illness of the sex, it is manifest that women do exercise the franchise as ; freely...as men. reau, in this respect, is mutual aecommoda tion and benefit to employers and employed; that teachers may obtain positions best suited to their abilities, and that every school HOME AFFAIRS. v may secure a suitable teacher. TjieUnited Order is Said to bo working well The design is to represent, in every in Beaver county and In tbe southern part of ':-'V Utah.'- biiity, however, will be taken by the Bureau, in supplying teachers and positions, beyond All 31AIL matter for Cache and Box Eider placing such applicants found on its register counties is now carried fiy the Utah Northern in communication with such others as are Railroad. deemed most nearly suited to their requireThe ladies of Provo have petitioned the ments. To cover expenses, a charge of two city council to prohibit the sale of intoxicating and a half dollars will be made for, and must accompany each application. drinks except for medicinal purposes. Elders David McKonzie, . John Henry FORM OF APPLICATION FOR POSITION AS Smith, L. John Nuttall and Peter St. Clair TEACHER. left on the 29th ult. to fulfil missions in Europe Applicants will answer the following" We learn from the Deseret News that questions. "Bro. Horace S. Eldrege has a largp quantity 1. What is your age? 'of. rye straw, which (Relief: Society ladies and o Where educated? Origin ot the Doixak-- ark.-W- c others desiring to braid can obtain by calling 3. What branches can suppose the following theories upon the oriteach? you ' dollar-mar- k I : are all that can be adscore branches in which you a re specially gin of the upon him, free-o-f chargo.' ' .' vanced. v proficient.) AN EARTiiQUAEE, though uota m vere one, U. U FirstIt a combination of S., the I. Have you taught? was plainly felt by many in . this city on the of tho United States. how wherrV and so, 7! long of 17th. .The June shocks though night Second That i t is a mod i neat ion of vtho 6. Are you married or single? rather light, was also felt in Weber and Summit 8, the dollar formerly being called a , 7. If a church member, of what denomina figure . counties. piece of eight. ' i ''T tion? ,, Third That It is :i combination of P.. and A.. r.Niti- " prepared by r Morris-an- d S. What salary do you expect? S, from the peso dur.i, signifying hard dolEvans, is to be placed in the Great Salt Lake 9. The lowest you will accept? lar. near Clinton's Hotel about a mile from Black 10 Havc as to locality? you preference Fourtli that it U derived from tlio repreRock. Its purpose is to denote the rise or tall 11. When can you commence? sentation of the "Pilhrs of IlerejUl" c'onx: of the lake which is said to have become con12. What certificates or recommendations do sisting of two pillars"' connected with a siderably higher since the country way first : scroll. you hold? ." settled. IS. What references can you give? (Give Fifth That it is a combination of II &, the mark 'of the Roman money unit. names and address in full.) Tjie offices of City Water Master and Su- ; re-8pcf- ,th . : . : . . m -- : L : ; 5-- . , ; ' . ' ' ls If " ' , 'iri-itia- . - ,.- vg-st-, " . ; ' - , -- . .; 