II ' nv rcntTfl?"0 . -- ' j: vmced that Bylooking "Mound ;I am the youth of this land, and indeed all lands, perhaps, are but poorly taught the true ob-oMife. The race, m general are led imrmlsn thft rfisult of which, as inainltf ' hv v e xperience proves, are very deplorable and fahquld .be remedied; not that I would wish the vivacity and ardor of youth extinguished in tneir nreasis, Duiinai n snouiu oe gov- - jfs -- should havA the sanction of the hi rh est derdf judgmenlandjtnomlU or-- result other cbuKoJnJifo will, M girls the (rue being.led blindly to their ruin and not seek to pmects ana laws or me; teacn mem wnai sa ve them - by every means in yonr power? ) '? true happiness is and - ho w togain tti land Let us each begin at home and try novr to save ; h Qw iQ ve tho0 immortar budg to our own children. We should 'commenco' God which may giv0 them, whilst tber are youni?.' to take oW send them ' to bodyan8 )irit inhealth and in beadty; that Sunday School; as soon as they are old enough;' I hair3 of honorable take them to meeting with us, and teach' them may , ear. thQHgrdy : ,. it n. ,1 i om age ana nen me araor 01 youin to be quiet and orderly in the House of God ;as to iyen pIace judgment, and youthulne'ss which to us is Ma very important point; teach';' ; to reflect with pleasuren them by our own acts and example tqfresjfect-'thefrpasfc Experience. X' tne servants or God and to be obedient-tf Richfield, Sevier, Co. their fathers, ourselves a all the authorities placed over them; teach the boys to have' cori fidence f in us; Counsel rthem to learna Hrade ! ' in mischievous c6nscqucnces and often in tho destruction of the grea ter.part of our future happiness. : '1 V ; : To perform the animal; functions of our seemsnatum -. ' ' and and Strength, happiness Of a vast Hum- ber Of mankind: none Of the faculties pro- otherwise - than per to man are I exercised nan m nnna in m n tof ftt 4 nnimnl (tmJi in . Then.inothetewhyoar ; -- -- -- ' i , ielpintliem tottieir;;L jtofindW j)nerinial 1 nU Utt2lTtrrrtXVT foaling - Editor. COItXELIA II. IIOIiXE, Business Slanacer. Jj. CSREEXE RICIIAnDS, the evil company now around iisi for, no matter how nice they may appr, their business is to pull down wb at we have helped to build to, . , v , .,,. KAiy, t,t. L,t,- inCn::T raOiisQeunu-uxoDim oait juUKe wt uuin. destroy what we seek by every means in our, J One Terms: copy oae year, $2.00; one copribc months, power tasave vizi alsobe- 1"00. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising hoves us to be very carefuUn selecUng,teachersif rate?: Each eqnare, ten lines of nonpareil. d&ount to and places where our lltuCf $o qq. mouth, 53.00. 7 A liberal chilrenjpan be eiiucated ! f ' t rrt rtrKtstti fa trt o orroof ftTtonf Mama hto fn ExponentOiBce, on West Temple St., near First South in the. different branches that shall fit and pre-t 1 ,r .144, bt., opposite City Market place, liuplness hoars fiom 9 pare them for the battle of life. the lack of nrbner education. " a.m. ta 4 n.rn. on Moiidars and FridatK. c xiiajr, peruana, Know some mat 'are per- communications to I do notelieve as some do. that to suffer Address all; bapinegs rabiishere Woman's EiPOKKfT, ; in their business qualifications but Will ' let here will enhanco our, happiness in the SaitLakeCityf Utai world to come. The laws; of our physical tbeyx.be; found fit in i theirireligions principles or and mental organization should be tauorht theyyeek' by: every means in "their SALT LAKE CITY, SEPT. 15, 1874. to all; and to comply with their require power b instill into" ments should produce a constant sprinsr of that poison jhat yrU' kflf 'ihg "germ' of irui'h1;-iov. and hanmness and all should be taught and righteousness we have so carefully planted A WORD TO THE SISTERS. : as to the adaptability. to these laws to their there? These are things to be looked afterl and ' oiHce. How full of advice "ConiCi let us reason the evil shunned. Som mav ask. "Wha- ttogether, saith tbeLonLw and warnincr. would be a nacre from the his would you do if your children had already been. tory. and experience of mauy mothers to Mothers, do we realize our positious and the suffered to run wild without only tneir uaugnters; yet now few get it! iow responsibility restiug upon us, "In the first as they felt inclined and- - hadoccupation, become head us besin at the besrinninir." wa rnv- raucn happiness, and how many lives are place let sacrificed to the rearing of a largo 'family nanted at the alter to be true and faithful to strong, disobedient, etc,;" retrace your, steps, humble yourselves in mighty prayer, and seek ? nuuiu wcau umefs, we jjuu wiiexu viiu paiuuuii cuusmuuuu says, ouiy u to find key to that boy's or that girl's heart; Jbeenrpared. Many ed to go hand in baud with throush' life; to seek to the obtain their confidence, lead them careyoung folks engage in marriage, and, for a him who had also covenanted to cherish, fully, point out kindly the evils of their course. pleasure, sacrifice their real hap-- tect, and provide for us. piness, yet know no better untu sad exper- - When we went forth in the waters of bap and throw around them all' the influences for - tlsm, we cavenanted with the Lord to do all good that you possibly can. and God will surelv ience teaches them their folly. ' me to the word "education" is that was right in M3 sight as far as he would crown your efforts with success and you will It appears but littlo understood. ; To understand the give us knowledge. "Jesus said, Seek have saved a soul and that soul your own flesh z Ju laws of our beincr and how to secure means fircf thnhir, . e rwi and blcod. .'V;';: ; u to them, should lor proper oDcaienco I(do not wish, nor mean thatwe should set .. .. . be the- nni " n'i kivjv ium6 ounu c ilUUCU UUU YOU," ourselves up in opposition to our husbands but ' r T sor V with folly S rl knowledge and hnCh n4 as their day alHhose that weshouldd r J1 n who hfs wouW instances where husbands and fathers seem inearnestly seek blessings. . If In prelerence domestic duties and the tortr,fu f to we different concerning their children it is plainly" ? training of the young, yet how much nearer m"sfc uS them of our knowledge the mother's duty to save her children by every is their usual training calculated to fit them ?? p means in; her power. : i for the duties of their sex, in general? and ablllty M wire9We mast be faithful in all that this subject is too important V The education that girls commonly receive thlDSs; if we see our husbands giving way to toThinking be fully entered into in this article we . hope doc3 not teach them such duties. or their tllB influence ef evil or being remiss in their to t ; resume it in our next. E. D. naturo but, to the contrary, engenders false duties, ith then we can show our watchful tastes aud, to a , degree, deteriorates them and loving care over them by living our reli-ftho. performance of such duties. This gia aud earnestly praying to our Father and UTAH AFFAIRS, 13 especially true where great educational UoU to help U3 in bringing them the in again faculties are enjoyed. line or path of duty; for we well know it is the We rece Ipt of, a neat pamphlet To die, is not the normal destiny of in- Priesthood, that ' Satan will hurl his forces bearingacknowledge the title of ; fltah Affaire.; Congress fants; yet, how many do, or I might have against, seeking their destruction because of and Polygamy. Including" the Poland Bill,'; asked how few do not ! had tho mothers the power that God has conferred upon them. on examination we find to be which, serie learned what tho writer thinks they should, Then let us be watchful and seek to. build of letters that appeared in the Des News, over help their children would have lived, as it is up our husbands and defend the Holy Priest- tne signature of ! Veritas." The author saya r die1 because of This is manyf ignorance. God has the hood, earth. again placed upon thathe "has'used, very generally, the langauge.: paiuful to reflect upon. ' The knowledge Now we come to the most important part of of prominent and distinguished parties, know. here indicated, given to girls would be su- our mission "Our wo can bo called children;" ing that such matter has- tho greater weight" perior to to any other, because their in- faithful to our husbands and to our Father and Those who desire information on the terests in eternity, as well as their present foregoing I God If wo neglect our children and do not train subjects will doubtless find this work well wor- -' happiness depend upon their actions here. them to servo God and His keep command- thy of ti perusal: For sale at the Deseret Kew 1 All who ever came to this earth, camo to f wo if do not educate ments; to them the best Office. Price twenty-fivmaturo but through the ignorance of those 7 ;i j : I e cents'. of our :rability and give each one a trade or a who had Jheir charge, .very many.have left 7 " n before hglfyes, before their, lives were profession that will elevate him or her and TO AGENTS AND SUBSCRIBERS. scarcely, begun. ; Tharwe" should mature; U help them to be useful members of society; an the intention of our Maker. Age with its honor to their pareuts, and a blessing to the gray locks is our destiny by nature, is one of Church and kingdom- of God? Some of rav Deeming it more eonvenle.it for our patrons, the greatest honors and is one of God's sisiers wm say, irhap?, "It it not our place, we have arranged with Mr. James Jbwyer best gifts to man, without which his life is The responsibility rests upon Street! to deliver the Eipo-ne-nt pur husbands.'' Book:selier,'Main to" a partial failure. City Agents who will "plcaie call there' Sisters, will you stand idly by and see your for their sous going to destruction and papers hereafter. They will be put Up yojur daughters r to-cons- -- the-time.Jie- umo alth. -- , t-t 1 " - - ' - . I . - I I " - - . .. : ' ; ; thrn ? God-ordain- ! ed f eeieci-smalLonashouldJia- pro-moment- 1 vo ary e j-- -- ".;.;-,- .. - . P ft.. ' otcha J1 urcrm.anresc V-t!- 'r- : ...-- - -- araing-io-inis,uoawiUlle- f ss 4f wf : - ; , - or t: . ! u b-.- it : -- - - -- - . ' : - ; - " 