' WOMAN'S EXPONEKT. 10a studied some good home-wor- k on their own clear and true young souls his chief aim' health and condition, should, learn all about should bo to inculcate truth and industry. and begin early witli him or, her, He must not expect, much as a parent's "On the whole, parental duties are perhaps "baby," the most neglected of all those, which bind the. more tho mother, knows, and the more love may desire it, to find his children anshe is. the less trouble the child will gels. He may find some; extraordinary life togethoi, arid the simple neglect of active iIl beItbegins-toobservoearlyrItwvices and faults evenInWeir brought-u- p which tangles the threads of existence, and show its nature children. They aro iproba,. quickly which, if healthy. and well-taugmakes the world the wilderness it is. is a often and one. rebellious will which some years It lively bljherediaryisms"--o- n The w isest and most stupid alike fail In thi3 -fully understand,- - at from three to nine ago we wrote an essay, These will hreak '.. respect j and yet it i3 a test of men this months old, angerr sorrow and endearment. out. ' Wo now know a child aged nine who fatherhood. "By their fruits ye shall know them." That foolish man arid bad sovereign, A frown at such an age, and a determined has a mania for running away; from home. Charles X, whose character has at times look, will up more to educate tho child than This child has been fondly treated t and sebeen falsely; whitewashed with historical a flogging at nine, years!. Watch a child. verely and properly dealt with,' but i is not it Sviil watch you; its every moyeinent yet cured. Lying la another habits often at lies, may be well judged from his two sons, and Charles II. and James Ilr Both were hypo- its a n euncai jon. - vy e ouen n ea r oi m en nn,- - tho beginning merely exercise of i a; strong biuing deceit from their -- mother's milk. irnaginatiottndholiyharm crites, both tyrants and legal murderers, We have very little (Joiibt tJiat babes learn noticed, nor allowed to exci to wonder or both licentious and adulterous, the first with m ere suckl i rigs. is or bursts of passionate d lying and falseh ood whe n an easier tact;- but the second with a Bobert once the lound wants will down. die is Ilfdl What such a child great preachejr stupidity, the prey of Jesuits, the a ; who went out f to tho with: excite her must We attention. remember tool of Intriguers; the two forming a world's lady parlor that every child ; wishes naturally to play wonder or wickedness andIollyfitifruita to persuade the child to sleep. "Madame,'? the hero just aslT man d6e3.The" great of Charles I. Charles II. was nineteen years said in his sternest tones, "now very aw- - secret is to teach him how to play it prop he old when his father perished, and, having fough t at Naseby, should have learned more fuLn, You are teachingjyourlittle, girl to be erly. Others have secretive and other vic than he did from tho hard school of neces- a liar!' Arid he was right.-- A child ious habits, but these are the, exception. sity. Yet, on the other hand, it would be who measures distance with its hands and The greater number of boys and .girls aro. easy to find bad sons of good parents; there educates its feet to walk, is engaged, in as turned out fairly sound and honest, and fit world. They is no lack of sons of Eli, who put to shame assubtle operations as the operation of. dis- to carry on this work-a-da- y -' ' cern from truth obvious falsehood. What are creatures v v irig the piety: of their fathers, and the young " ' ' Not too Ascanius does, not always jlbllowj the foot- it wants to get, and knows it can eret bv bright antLpood For human n&ture'a daily food, steps of the pious Sneas. " As a rule one, pretended Isorrow, it will, .The shortest we believe, with fewer exceptions than any way to deal with it: is by, gentle and kind but they are nevertheless possible angels. ' other good fathers . make good children. firmness, and instant correction. What the Let the father and mother bo familiar arid' When they fail, it isAvheii they are inju mother wants is a good. kind, and wise true with their boys arid girls, but by1 no diciously good. We can quite comprehend child; she will never get such by foolish means foolishly intimate. Depend upon it the behavior of the daughters of Milton, indulgence. Many fa . mother d ies spent the commandment to "honor thy father and who, it is said, spent the household money arid exhausted, worn out by mistaken kind- thy mother" is an importaut one, and not on dres3, and went gadding about, leaving ness, whilst afar off, a curse to himself and yet passed away r in spite of tho French but to get this honor tvhieh childthe sublime blind old poet lonely and at those around him, a slave to petty indulbad , and and selfish habits which ren love to pay, the parents must deserve home. Such a thing may have taken place gences "inairiiria" hated and despised It, If they are :liars and : hypocrites, tho once or twice. Tho louely house of a blind taught him, children will be first to find them out. And Bepublican, poet, and theologian; statesman by his companions, - the spoilt son drivels ; such parents must not blame the children. and c, must have offered few attrac- - away his existence,The little people are only too ready to praise tions to young women around whom the Mothers should especially learn the! r dog arid brag of theirdoll; arid do we changed world was seething and daricIngTin good riess and ind us try are, certai n Iy a wild chorus of regained freedom and chiIdren,T happiness. Employ them early think that that small passion ddes not exloosened morality.1 So too, ? wo believe in little matters. j Children wish to be ac- tend to their father and mother? A child's that clergymen's sons of most sects have no tive; cultivate and direct that activity. Be ideal should be always one of its parents. particular attractlonf to theology; but on neither too lavish' nor too charry of praise; The present age is given to a foolish and lax the whole, they are w ell brought up arid show your pleasure by a look ; bo quick to indulgence of children on; the part of tho good citizens. It would be a strange thing notice. Even if your income be two thou- mothers and female relatives; and children's parties, costume balls, and;otherdegradingT Indeed if tralningrwhichwc flndwTJtBcient sand a nsshc daughter, with 'animals, were riot so with men. ...The grows flip, ' wortr as well as learn. Act i vi ly and tiresome fillies,as too often carried out, universal cry for . education would be mad- of body means health, inactivity disease. abound. These aro also often absurd shams, ness, if as. a rule, education were a failure. Moreover; wo are not likely to sin by over Wherewith the mothers and aunts exhibit, But it is riot so. We have only to look knowledge; parcntswjll,' or should be, care- their own fondness, and the children are round on the families uf our friends, and to ful to elicit intelligence froiij their children. bored to death. In New, York the newsnote that, where the father and mother "are Let them; early, if possible, learn their own papers report that the "shoddy" aristocrats wi3e and kind, and know how to combine position and their-dut-y towards"others. dress their little girls aged seven - and nine wisdom with kindness to know when wis- There is ho better treatisefor this than the in jewelry worth thousands of dollars. A dom means Indulgence and when" it means good old Catechism; it is very much wiser true aristocracy, on the contrary, i3 noticea-abl- e or the plain ess with which It dresses severity the childreniare; well i behaved, and more advanced than Aristotle' ViEthics lovable, and easy to govern, and that, on the or any one71 elses ethics who has yet lived." its children and theorder in which it keeps contrary, where tho parents are not, and do If only partly followed out, it will Jbo sure them. There is, i beside, too. much "fuss not know' what wo have stated, the, children to make a good and tolerably happy man or made about our boys at tho large schools; woman. We do riot say wiiolly happy. It and rich vulgarians trust their.children with are obstinate, mulish, and often : " vill be as well for both father and mother loo much money but4- generally at ; public i ; boys themselves correct this evil. A child is a wonderful gift. The first not to take too high a pitch about happi- schools the is. evil it How can a father expect his question with many is to know what to do ness, this world is a world of .: trial, and is But son to be simplo and true when ho has been in with it. Every where--exco- pt very admirably indeed, exquisitely for it As the Greek epigram has It, befooled and flattered by groom, tailor, and and wickedly-ric- h communities, as 4n JtorYorkor Paris children are welcome, "God's mills move slowly, , but lie grinds tutor? When the great Scldon wrote in Greek and a- marriage is seldom happy without every one of us at last exceedingly small." doors, "Above all them; but, welcome or not, they area prime The beautiful illusion of youth must not bo on the lintels ofas his his motto through life, necessity of nature; and the world exists spoilt, but youth itself need not believe that things, Liberty," a path of roses is the path of duty, and he might as well have written "Abovo all with its own fecund and power a great deal more for babies, than it that' every hero is crowned and every things Truth," for truth is liberty, and the does for rich princes, millionaire merchants, clever man makes a large fortune. The ruth alono can make us free. Let set an cxaniple of this to his children. or sceptical and worn-ou- t philosophers. brighter the hopei ; the darker the disap; Family HeraldEngland.';' pointment. ' Men who wish their children Long before tho father has . a chance of to be good and strong will take care to avoid An Indiana man sued a newspaxer for ; teaching boy or girl, the babe belongs to tho mother. And here wo feel , and know When the ''children coine into the father's libel and dropped dead within a week.. The at the- Outset that there is an immense want. hands a charming time for a good rnan who; Detroit "Free Pres.s' Kiys these fellows will'.. Alpmothers, having knows his duty, and who loves to direct j learn somethingby arid by. PARENTAL DUTIES. ht k . . , ; ap-plau- se ngvh - pro-foun- -- : - -- ? 5 ; ; Bev-olutio- - -- , . 1 i ur yeari-'makeyo- " -- hard-hearte- d. 1 - ; extra-luxurio- us ar-rarig- ed . - . ever-producti- ve "the-fath- : . . er n; 