EXPONENT. W O MAN'S - . ; v." ... creasing advantages daily accruing to Ameri can vvoraen for educating and fitting them- UECLt'xh ot the kir Closing of saloons. The iteis of most young girls concern- - selves for the pursuit,; even, of masculi ne render them abJo,t on, necessity 'An unpleasant sort of arithmeticPivis. ing married life, aro generally so vague and occupations, and bless-t- d it'is no wonder they are apt to make themselves help-mee-- - I ion among families. .'r . visionary that gs .to their .husbands and t families. t May be disappointed when the sober reality of . "TitE catistf or woman's suffrage;"- - Scarchoice ,pf Journal, caro and'TesnbusibiU subejfie. : of ':?:.:"' husbands.' city '. '' V., themi r They are to be pitied rather "than ,, "WitWarc two kings ; like three miles ? blamed since they have been either illy ' "When they, make a 'league 7 taught, or not taught at all the correct posiMRS. .WILKINSON tion thev must assume the day they don the - .Wnvisa ship always designated as"she" ? !t!n nf wtfn. it Is not nrimmnton forvnimp Is roa? constantly receiving:, her Fall Stock ' of Because sho always keeps a man on the school iritd from to direct the 11 'fc" plunge girls ' lookout. MILLINERY, sea oi matrimony, unsupponeu Dy a single Mynheer, do'yoVknoivor'what ve call sensible' notion Of tne lllOyUpon Wnicn tliey Conslsting-o- f all the New Styleg of Ladles', Hats nd our uoy iiaiisv" ."Do norrcany," ")ven, 1 tell you. l)cr reason' why rwe. call our boy Ktif fa flu rn rir1 f crrtTif nrtt.V MnrrihorA- fn If """fcOrtntfpnfof lAdiesWWhJtA,tWefljr. IlahsT'ddt ish his name." - . : tf mateM t.MCZsi Iron Sinks" Vwritten upon the yeeHol fine lookingiius- bridal presents, and sigu of a Hartford plumber. "Well who in ers, ' .11 DI K-- 00 BEY the (hie) said it didn't?' chuckled an inebri- - band are so prominent in their ate man, after readlnirover Ihree times. axoexcmaeQmeiier wjwpoi: Wholesale & Retail Furniture Dealer. vr , Itant, accessories from their fanciful vision. f r ;After the days of the honeymoon pass, Yjinaerrcalf Irfest MQrtment ia Utai. - did not bear1 iii a very langelic way, once tho Veil Crradually J Uplifts, and they find He has remoyed his Furniture from Main St.td his three said to her rriend;."qhtfear, what rshtmld oaveupne man tnis without religion V" auties aisagreeaoie, ana oitenumes uncon- - . first south st y block west or cobnzb. .' lamsurel cannot tRlL'l'WAs fhft ftnwftr? wnac irom is tney genial, it qmerent 'butyou cduld'ndt have done much worse feel that ted. enoueh. and. naturally they i n:r j thariyoU have with 'religion:" 'i not received have the equivalent due Tf WALLACE they them." "Itzis- It is raid that one of the editors of the notthe faultotheLuhff J most cases, to lack Of . Hu the best, largo t and purest Itock of confec-sen,ew Urieans, paper,. soon alter Jeainfng the wife, , but owing, inthose (lisplayed by tidnaryinlt printing business, went to; see arpreacher's mpenehce theplace for ladies should teach these Had been better. The a next u time he attended girls daughter, to purchase. meeting, he was' astonished at hearing i the instructed that marriage is a vineyard, in minister annpupeq as his text. ,Myi daugh- Which properly, both ; parties should labor, ter is grievously tormented with a devil," that the woman must do her part as well as BQCTpiV;CIlOGKWELIit the man, that to promote happiness, comfort, neany Tcarg experience 'In the 'treatment of frElatoIitherV hnA efrn'miief Oe u8, disease, l female a prosperity, makjn their complaint a speciality. He empnatlcally known as arwit, had 3once a polemical cont, easy and epeedy relief ia perilous case, help-ea- t, a not and V?Jan? then Why test with the protestant Bishop of aoyne. the tin pleasant and da&terous use of instruments V 3' i ? r, might have taken ;their choice and but with umpiefillherbs. , The prelate In a pamphlet,' inveighed ; with they, no the remedies HIA couch with bliss, surrounds nuptial one to blame but thpmsolvps have Tjpft great Acrimony bgainst iheuferstitioiis of ta herself how does a girl of seventeen un-- 1 rent. He rftfr to hi numerous .nntrrmn fnr iav tonHn ranr. Popery, and particularly :sagainst the doc- derstand these matters? " . wm. a inUtah. . iu t v;j v trine of purgatory, father, O'Lcary, in his the street car track, -9th Ward. Fourth It was originally intended that the wife East Saltnear Lake ; as City. r tnat St, much the should be a help-meoDservea, to the husband, not 'Wjw'); Bishop dlsllked!rgatoryi he might pdssi-w- y an idle, listless woman, fritting away her go forther and fare wqis'el,,l ; moments in useless employments that interCLUB BATES, til The customers of a cooper the High- fere with the proper and conscientious per-"is lands aiused him a::great deal; of yexation loiiuancow neruuue. unen a man mar- Determined that nothing shaU be Wanting on the part ?y their" saving habits and Dersistence in ries, Ills Whole future often depends on the 0f the Publishers, to increase 'the circulation of the sortof geUingtheirjtii andTk he ExroifEsxJand aid, in promoting the objects ton tem-ii. ..r siooa ... inn nm iii nvy wors. has and his own fortune to carve, plated in Its publication, .bfj xnakingTi:nriljrBpd' pobr,' ujr uiong enongh, howQYj3r,said he, "until one day If the wife is not prudent) wise, and ener-- ncnt of the tIcws of th women of JJi&h, sustained by .oltl.MICawbiio broughT inan old bung hole, getic, ho w;ill remain forever a mere power- - them, read "by Vthin andits cbiumnV enriched with to which he said. ho .wanted a new barrel less machine draercred down hv a HSid widely their thonehtsLlwe offer - circuktel xpresion ipf : OU " made. Then I quitted the North Jn dis- - Weight. . It IS the men Whose Wives have the foDowing liberal terms to clubs for the present yoi- ;gusi. :! V .' ' proved themselves truly, that Mivxt JM are wltha copies;! ' the men rich atof year copy to the getter up'of An Irishman was seen coming do wn they may to speculation, keen thf c!bv' Montague Street,- Brooklyn, on his wayito tribute iheir wealth 15 copies, I year, with atopy of r ...n.i--iL.- !. J. k.,au the Wall Btreet Fern Ovfr hirnrf. shnnU uu3uc5 wucui, ur uujriuiu wcirpnuo may . . k. . 2G 00 '.'' tbeclnii der hung a bag containing about a bushel of suggest, but examine closely the machinery 1 copies, year, wiih acopy tothe cettcrup of Will backs and a framed steel enpraring 123c 16 ' that Welland find it ana them, you in his starboard hand he carIiaiocs, ' Z theclub, n '.ocntBrighamYonng, selling St 00 ried a stout stick. Being undef full sail, the greased with the oil of feminine craft Men nMInort tn hOflTtMWdfMnt if hMnnrl S3 momentum acquired ln:! coming down the " T ? r?w" and copies, 1 year, with a copy to the cettcrun'of A7K J, . i iue ciao, ana a superior tm prooi steel i , steep grade "carried him nearly through the " .President of Brieham will hand no grating for Young, the lay up pennies "rainy"-- days is: sonacly framed, gateway, when, seeing a boat about ten feet ' ' 00 14 43 teiling price from tho dock? heBhook out another reef, of life. Clubs ean be commenced at any time; and additions A woman should be proud to be a helpmade an astonishing burst of speed, and jumped. Just as he reached the dock the meet to her husband. These poetical fan- can be made after the first list of names has bcen sent potato bag shifte'd heavily to port and laid cies concerning the i vy and the oak aro very Getters up of clobs ihould notify us sf their Intentions Arl out a: Broad Btreet clerk who was smoking a pretty, ana, to a certain extent, appropriate, so that we can credit them with all names' tent all cases In and residence of each gire the name JHenry Qay through a meerschaum holder, put, as an American writer finely expresses and plainly correctly written, with' the time WhUo the Stick hit n. minWrl' RaWW C it, "the ivy should always be ready to stand waen each Bubscripupn la to commence,' and whether for merchant in the waistband; shutting him alone, if the oak shows signs of weariness." a whole or half ; ; year. ' i i,: up like -- a jackknife, Rnd ' Pat limself as- Some women seem to have no i Money can be rcmmed .by registered letter at the lisle sumed an involuntary devotional attitude. they throw all tho burdens of life ot thepublisheri.v :.: 1, vj'j-.- i ti v.ti': 5tl Ho was tho first to recover hisperpendicu-larity- , on to their husbands' shoulders, and canuot Subscribers the address desiring changed : from one and as ho replaced tho bag in its nor- act for themselves in the smallest m.iitnri. Post Office to another should send us their former, as mal position, ho complacently remarked. .'It Is certainly, not a .woman's place to well as their sew address. . , ..' iuu Bowi, out I got the boat anyway!" oarnaauy Dread for a strongable-bodie- d We hope ihat agents and ladles throughout the Terrl v "Got the boat!" ' screamed ho' of Broad man to eat. but wo have nobJo instanrr rn tnrr nii!w prMn ow..r- - r t?.m. Street spitting tho pieces of amber out of his record, Whero, in caSQ Of failing health or ties wiU aid us by getUng up' clubs, by bringing the the Wife has Stood Up equal to the mouth, "why you! confounded idiot, this and fTOrabIy to the notleeof non'Subtcri hers "' . ... I -. l n.tnn niV.Mrl.. ttt.U LlVri Omomnnm. bait is coming uuu in!" And so she was uucucb uicrcue cAiuuiicu uscircui. lier vu4V4(,cuj capacities! ' . , , 'n HELP-MEET- j)l VERSIONS; S. s ts alL-Idy?- s, .... , . m i ; 1 : i f 1 1 - " -- . isa'rtf J 4 day-dream- s, 15? . -- . -- co-o- r. ex-D- ec . -r t urS . . Jl - ; -- se WiSt - help-mee- ; . , . : . i -- 6t " ! f - : , woman-he-marriesspecial- ly-if s; I 1 1 , i I ' ' to-da- y: - ' : . ; j'.' vtf: help-meet- s, : t r - , , V:C ... cn-- r -- -- ? 1 ' " snb-scrfb- ? r -- ei, ? self-dependenc- e;" -- ' , -- 1 f 1 I . Ex-accide- 1 most fhnmrxrhltV - e - " Ma t- 1 otvi" - V? AAA" tlon and usefumras. . ' : f 