4 PEN A NO .SOIROriS. E XPONE N T. : V O M.AK' 8 TO DIVERSIONS. ! -- y : . the coffee; and then get'(dut'of the door Jast and be in time, to catcli holoVqf the l, car-rai- pulled on byjliq brakeman. A.nd when ho liaV reached his seat and is: scraping the rest of that pie from; his ; fxkit;: and 'drawln'stdld air into his1 throat to: allay1 the Jpainof: the cald, he will think :,up f hings abqiit; thd keeper of 'that res&urant'that stand on end.lan-buryeHvthe hu ir on a A a irsiiiKG Miss The Mississippi. v A young lady recently married in Eng land received a; mhgriificenibraceleUvit 3Adoo requestPleaso passr the. ice;; 7; -the word lzjpah" 1 rubles em eraius,: Someuody defines flirtation to be atten f dlambnds' and sapphires literal inter tion without intention. between Lord watch pretation is: "The ;thecaud me when; we ard absent one from v A woman's modesty is like hex colorex another?? A more fitting motto for a happy ccedingly Tjceocqingf if it is not put on. couple commencing life cannot well be con Why do r women talk- - less iti February - ; . ceived. than in any other month? - Because it is the 10 ' Bismarck recently Showeutsome visitors soonest monm m me year. over nis nouse, anu pointing 10 a ucsk m ' said - a gentteman- - oneWe v umsi xiucnnc-rwm,riom.,ieladies so foml of officers? Mug; -- i '-- . , a. saw-hor- se : 1 h ? '' ' : ; ' -':l f;- . -- CJ : iney raigiit oDsqrve, Kepi ineTcasnr-)ticm- ut little A lincle: (he ; iace. ' girl said of; her ilUteihpered -- hasntt1irlttgie"lau:iinhl " ' .. . 7?ir6rStTO m the beginning trusted ;hf cnarrre 01 -flis maney aiiairs wiujo f iw H. DINW O O jD EY fr irw I vrnn,7 W4 V j eu tio poll lies, anu iiewouiu au4vig o u ve. (registering) John Smith and Wholesale l RktaiiJ EuitNiTURB XIealer. Jinairfed man to dot.the same inking rio more ri lady. Hotel clerk "All, right, sir; put you 'than his wife gave; him in JH.the lady in 94.". Traveler "But He has removed Ills Furniture from Main Si. to Lite three " Among the characteristics of womanis thetlady is my wife,. sir.1', t Clerk r1 Then ' ' JBrfck Store, '7? storey ;' 1 "that sweet;- mdthey I6ve7vitlr whichiia-1ure,ha- s why did n'lnyou say :so? i an south ST., slock "west or cr3tkr, f lifted her: it lls , almost indepen as tWESTEKN ueaiers in outter graue it dent Of cold t reason, and wholly removed "wool greaie, cart grease,"scap grase, from all selfish hopo pf reward. Kpt because tesselated co greasebohrdirig- Jt is lovely, does a mother love her child, house breakfast, inferior Jub, common. tiib, but becauso it is a loving pari of herself d medium roll," good roll,4 and foil." Has Ihoeit, largo-trtthe. child of her hearty a fraction of her own purwt 'fetotk of confec- nature.1' Therefore does she yearn over its An old veteran was .relating his exploits ionarj in'Salt 'Iiake city,' Just the place for ladies wiUlirigsier Jicart beats quicker at its joy ; to'a crowd of boys, and mentioned having o ' '1 : . . purchase. he blood flous most softly through hot veins been 1 n five engagemcn ts. "That's notli Svhetf the breast ,at which it drfnks knits ing,", broke in a little 'fellow, "my sister ":v v.' ; it to her. Herder. ' ; Agries has been engaged eleven timesln HOCTOB CROCKWELL An 'interestincr anecdote is related of a A young blacksmith wrote his advef tise- lias hid ncarJy .40 years experience In (he treatment of largo. dog kept in Algiers by:. Miss Emily ment, stating'that all orders in his business female diseases, making their complaints a speciality. He be promptly xecuted; but ;it came firuarantcea Kapler, daughter of' SirrWilliamKapier. would A1I aafe, cc and speedy relief in. perilous cases, Ollt. and dangrerous use of instruments Tff a tr'fi wttocntif nthprs In fills' KllKjn'pQ will A without tl?e uDpleasaut -' herbs. but withUmple bread fromJ the baker'sand regularly brought I promptiy executed." On seeing this .fear His remedies fill I he nuptial couch with bliss, surrounds the heart Trith joyousones and prevents their untimely ad- home twelve rolls in a basket." At last it was tul notice, an old blacksmith threw. upi his vent.'-j".;- - ifiVfii at jij.f viis for tho last 10 years observed'ithat i "for several mornings there hands and exclaimed: IIas it come to this, lie refers to' hij numerous patrons ' InUtah. .J " ' were only eleven rolls in tho basket; arid, alter thirty years of honest toili" ; ; Residence near tho streetcar track, fith Ward, Fourth -; East gt, Salt Lalve City. - ... stop ''"Ar. ariexhib!tion of amateur- ontohinghodoghewifound.to,: theatricals, dn ihis way and bestow: one . roll oh a poor, when the Kichard ill. of the evening cried, 8ick and starving lady-do-g hidden, .with her "A" horse! a horse! My, kirigdom'ifdrLa puppies,7 In a corner, on tho road from the horse I" a would-b- e CLUB BATES called "Wouldn't out, wag was then instructed to a siiop.'? .The baker jackass do just as: well?" "Certairily," re- . Determined, that rolls in thirteen the basket, after which sponded put nothing thall be wanting on the part the tho dog delivered the twelve faithfully for The' interrupter hastily re- - oTTtfciTPabfishersp A few arid the? and aid in. promoting the objects contcm- left all then thifteen!i n Expoext jdays s naak tho J&ke ;tliQ tokehy as it pro vedj that his 'pntJiicaliOTr;! women of tTtah, sustained by the slck'pfriendYas .nvalcscent, and' able to When the train,; draws up at ;Stamford ncnt of . the rlewa of and its Colnnins .enriched with a five minutes for refreshinents,1 it is easy' to them, read bj them dispense wi th jiis charity; j their drcnlated eiprcssiori of thought,5 we offef distinguish the expenenced traveler from widely the following liberal terms; to. clubs for the prrscntTol- 7.THE ODSemncO of .the following particu- the rest. He has already got out on the plat lars seems tobo' essential to the .intelligent form, and, is either' on. the "bottom step i ,t ;,.. v,'....to. the for 10 copies; 1 year with a copy 'of not getter up of iho Bibie, but close enough' to H; :': Just as soon as 'the only comprehension, - 11$ 00 the"llib.'.V-.fv.t any other book: First, ascertain who is the speed of , Jibe train becomes less' than holcari 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy, to the getter of tip C 00 rr$bn speaking; second, who is the person make ho springs oiT and dashes madly' for . the clan,... Svhat ' to are the circumstan- the saloon door, through it and up to the SO coplce, lyear, w ith a copy, to the getter up of third; spoken ces under yhlch the words were Jspoken, counter, giving his Order for cofTee while tbe club, and framea steel engraving 12 x 18 of President Brigham Young selling inches, arid fourth,; what was tho obvious purpose moving,.and .the right article up snatching i ' 'L:: ' jvT .cOrAn ZT SDO for1 which they 'were spoken or written. tho first, time. lie knows ust 1 much how. .copies, year, with a copy to tho ttiter ap of j All these particulars may bo generally- glean- time is requiroi to make five minutes, and the club. aDd a superior first proof steel en- grating of President Brigbam Young,ed from a careful reading" of the context. when it is expired he is out tn tho platform - 48 00 framed selling price H This rule is so reasonable that it is universally picking his teeth and. talking about real e applied in reading , books of men, and even tate; Alas, for the inexperienced traveler Ciabs can be commenced at any time, and 'addition! buslness'arid social correspondence; and by such is not his record. He is inside the car can be made after the tirtt list of names has been sent.' Getters up of clubs should notify ts f their intentions thoucgloct of this common principle In the when it stops,. with twenty "persons ahead ol so reading pf the Bible the gravest blunders mm. lie jumps uown on. the platform in that we can credit them wiih all names fentin; v JT havo been committed; and it, in the hands time to see the mass surging into the door ' In alt cases gire the naine and reeldenco of eachsnb-scribcof scoffers and imbeciles, has been made to and just then it suddenly strikes him that plaioly- - and Jeorrectly writUn, with the Ume each subscription Is Id commence, and whether for "prove everything" and to "contradict it- he may be too late and under this inspira awhen a.,: whole or half year.' self." A gentleman of, miy acquaintance, tion he throws himself intoithe: struggling In conversation with a person who read his guug.: ne uoesnft reach the table. He and Money can be remitted by regUtcrcd letter at the risk ' Bible, in this desultory way turning and tho other inexperienced travelers form the ef the publishers. twisting It like a kaleidoscope remarked outside line, and. shout, their orders through Sabscribers desiring tho address changed from one Post Office to another should send us their former, as thatbjr his interlocutor's rhode of reading the openings, and receive what islanded well as their new address. the Bcripturesi itcQuId be proven. from them them with thankfulness and what ';," dexterity to that heought commit suicide. IIow so?" they can muster. Such a man will 7 Vc hope thaf acents "and ladles throughout the Terriperspire, Ras tho' respoES2.. "Why," said the first and choke, and paw and Presidents and Officers of Relief Socieo tory, especially the jaw during ties will aid us by getUn'g up clubs, by bringing the El- "do yomnot read, and Judas.went out and five minute3, and in that time may get roRtT faTorably to the notice of and hanged himself !' and do you not md also down of a sandwich, d of to la crease Its eh cula a pieco of custard pic, and more or less of otherwise using thdr mflnenco go thou and do llkowi6e?', ' r' - - - j - fc V' V m. m , Trailer . lji - : :: . ;rif co-o- p. ariegated," . gllt-'edge- d ' -- " kvtxvvr-'mnmtnfrfnfnfn- : w---- . 4 ? - . . . . - , . actor;r"please-Btepnp4ier4na-mediately- J" : piatca-ln;lt- , ; I , .;- -j - , . . ? hand-.somel- ' y " ; i,, ; : . M . , en-tir- two-thir- ds ' non-subscribe- one-thir- tion and usefulness ' -' . - ' ' . 