WO MA N a 2. S- - EX PONENT. ' we can say with certainty concerning it, h, tainedjnore than ten thousand, pages, and had letters, of that life is that which admits of (level ; written two hundred and fiftv-ou- e "LOCAL. raent. We go out to the garden with a peW had been an- Currants were rine in St. Gcorere on the ble arid a flower seed in our hand. We com- - swerei. Mrs. Lewis also congratulated the So 5 tli inst.i-9D-r. sui- - mit them both to the sou. ana thus siu S. ciety upon the passage of the Educational Bill Cul lathe city jaiIr onTtho 9th instrIIe t lienr to th eam(nn?enci esand i nfl uences. by the Legislature, making women eligible to j wis sentenced to answer for an alleged The seed will hurst, and germinate, and de- every position of authority in the school depart-meof the State. The Bill referred to had crime, and was unable to get bail....:. The velop itself into a beautiful and fra errant lor flower: while lie there the may of Salt the Lake pebble Theatre have been passed in response to a lengthy petition, proprietors li.i.l a "benefit'1 week, the performers playing years on years without undergoing the least containing over five thousand signatures which This mysterious without charere for that lomrlh of time change. was forwarded by the Board. Splendid -- home raised strawbearies have which enters into all organized matter, is The women of Utah have occasion to again found in its hierhest and most perfect form thank the'California been in market forthe past ten days. U Woman Suffragists for in the animal economy, and among animals, GENERAL. in behalf of theiri rights which are in Man. My dear A Jeffersonville. Indiana, saloon keeper first and friends mark," learn and inwardly .digest still threatened. At the first session of the ktefbleijis-wn-bmk- i outfbuMiersti t onttamen tal points; and you will find anniversary meeting, th committee on Reso kiiletLJiis ixibyjin dit-- 1 s bel i o vedi mortallyv hesrf lutions preseBtttdjnEeToTIowI ng. whlcTFwasremi wounded his wife... ...A Washington lady every time you read, some thin g n ew, so me and adopted. believes Grant would take anything you things you never understood before. As wro Whereas, The Legislative department of would give him, even if it were the smal- are receiving instruction one of another I ' eral years since this small contribution ' may meet with, ie,terr!t0ry of utal1 hope has a introduced in bill lpox...... Iugalls demonstrated its appreciation of and Yours truly, .. Really "the have Board of Indian Washingtontd w wv ... M. A. E. Watmo ug ii. imwica ui uiiurai eijum-Commissioners abolished One hundred as enunciated by the ity and millions of Postal cards have been issued in founders of the American Republic, by confer this country during tlio short time thev THE VQMXS EXPONENT. ring the elective franchise : upon the women new comets only hayej)ecn in use-vwithin j ts j urlsdiction' and, visable through a telescope, has been lately Whekeas, The general deportment of the discovered The House committee on 1. CiltEE.VE RICHARDS Editor. newly enfranchised class in Utah and WyoTerritories, at Washington, have a creed to COKXEEIA II. IIOKXE, ISasincss 3Iana?eiv ming has been so characterized by quiet! order report a bill defining the qualifications of and respect for public authority as to attract the deligates from Teritones, which provides in Salt:Lakp. Citv. ITfnh. Published that a man must be twenty-fiv- e years of age, Terms: One copy one year, SJ.UO: one copy Bix months. attention and challenge the commendation of a resident for seven years of the Territory 31.00. Ten copies for the price of uioe. Advertising: high public officials; and, he represents, and neither a bigamist nor rates: Each square, ciht lines of nonpareil epace, one There are -- ; -- nt life-princip- le ' w r pre-emine- c , in-terpos- ing nt ... prac-approv- self-governme- nt, A: -- Rrmi-monthl- polygamist. . . . . . A temperance crusade is in active progress on the Sandwich Islands, and a bill has been introduced in the Hawaiian cabinet, to prohibit the sale and manufacture of intoxicating drinks.... ..Philadelphia is credited with having built the heaviest carriage on record. It is styled by the manufacturing company, the Portable Ho- tci. r r. several bills now before Whereas, A liberal discount to Uiue, rJ.OO; per inoiitb, rciinlar ailvertieers. the Federal Congress, embracing those of Sena Lxuonent Office, on West Temple St.. near First South tors b relinghuysen, Logan and Sargeut and SL, oiipositc City Market place. Business hours fiom 9 a. hi. to 4 p m. i.n Mondays and Fridays. Representative McKee, each of which, while Auaress an ijupiiicss communications to , aiming to suppress polygamy in Utah, provides, Publishers Woman's Exponent, " witn the exception of that of Mr. Sargent, to Salt Lake City, Utah, , remand the women back to political suhjuea- 7 "SALT LAKE CITY, J use tion; therefore, Resolved, That the California V. Associa at tion, assembled, on this 9th day of April, 1874, here by records its solemn nrotest against thu nrnxr 15, 1874. a ioii TiiE DuciiEss of Edinburgh is to be called "Her Royal Imperial" or "Imperial Royal Highness," and will rank next to the Princess of Wales save on occasions when the Princess Royal, the Crown Princess of Rus-- J sia visits, England. This is not in accordance with the rule hitherto followed, by . whick.thejdaughterso ranked above the daughters-in-laBut the Duchess of Edinburgh is imperial by birth as well as royal by marriage, and for this is the higher possition assigned her. w. - . me ciiciuiea oi numan Rights to induce the Congress of the United States to perform the despotic work of disfran- chising the women of an entire commonwealth iberehv, under the specious pretense of promo ti i :g morals and womanly purity pro- - to remind We are retlUOSted fh maiiv frlftnrta I nffnrt . x w. norf ...vav vu 4ho uw 'af oi x n-- of the Sunday School Union, that will take place on the Twenty-fourt- h the Jubilee of July, .-r in the ew Tabernacle. The time is drawing near, and all who are desirous - of participating to send inJhWubileeare';reypec in their name?, secure their tickets and their polTlo inflicts nunishmenrmnftn song books, tune their voices and be prepared mic wives of Utah to which only felons should be subjected, while inflicting no punishment tujuium me uniieu song or praise. In what way eouid the "T.wrenty-fourt- h and imposing no restraint upon polygamous for 1874, be better celebrated than by bringing husbands. . : together multitudes of children to sing praises m. . t,' , . r01 ls rc" ' to the (ireat Giver of allgood? He has blessed i it the earth for His peopleke. He has caused eCt me wd" - w. 1 to Wossom. and .he fie!d to vield its " ' a" "t,,e riht9 rruilful increSo. He l.as protected His people " "7 , upon thembjr tlit .d bu confced. their enemies. Should not of legislative department that Terrilorv j me iiinuicu jji uiu oainis uurie'riK'''u" e t k.ujuio aim ,Ki.ii uloaa in singing His praise and J giving thanks to onrahled in Him? We heartily wish the jubilation may the N. "epresentallve "r. b nc.voast, who are prove in all respecU; to all inteiested.rt success, 7 10 use their influence to dp- tamesuy requesieu ieat any bill which abridges or denies f ha rtnu of Suflrage to any person or class on ANNIVERSARY MEETING account of th,L ' For the Exponent. T - WHAT IS LIFE? JUBILEli SUNDAY SCHOOL . T - All matter Is either organic or inorganic. Wc call those organic bodies which are made up of parts, which, however diversified in " themselves, are nratually adapted and tntt tually dependent, and each of them capable of performing a certain function, or action. A wax flower has its various parts, mutually adapted and mutually dependent, but neither in their individual or combined state can these parts perform any vital function. Thev have no principle of life, and without viMi". ty there can be no organization, since all or- . Of the California State. Wonian's Suflrage gauizauon implies a living arrangement of Association. elements. Th sculptor may cut a block of MK)OK NOTICES. marble-intthe form and fashion of a man-bu- t The "New Nortii West" of May 22nd,contafns when flnUhtd, it is after all, only inert an interesting account ontlie fifth anniversarv Voice of Warning by Parley P. Pratt. Ninth iiiuuerin an elegant form.. In one word meeting of the- Wom.m's KnfTrft edition. wherever we find: the" living principle in of California. During four sessions which weTe "Ive.vtoTheologv-- , Cy thTsameauThor. Third" connection tilth, matter, there.. we have or held, speeches were made, resolutions formed edition. V; gamzauon in vital arrangement. In the and correspondence read, all of an animated The above works, published bvhiviHn n.i aoence oi this principle we have nothin and earnest chamrfHr. The pfAc;,inf A lid der at the ll..jILirilL III !. News'' Steam Printing Esu'lUL;ll0,1Mwnat nutate Roard of Control, A Lewi, re- tablishment, are of uniform and convenient" i DgS size, the print i clear, and their general aplio ine and h is- that it cannot be denietl., an.l th nniv m " . ad ,,rau.uew creditable to pearance the establishment from k "IIIL"ed and presented , our circulars which con- .which they are issued.. The prices are the fame ZT.'Z.T:.- " thire.,.,,! - TlTZTj " ll 4 . A f -- . : at o - i & a: . . ... s. : tj m. I tb4 ' . ' , . al. 