WOMAN'S EXPONENT, For the Expoitest. 27 to gratify their desire for knowledge and PRAYER. FLOWERS. thus develop within them the germs of Books, like friends, should be well used, thought and observation, loosing no oppor-tunityThe importance' of prayer is something . implanting within f hem an earnest not abused. we g that we should study more than do, for faith in God and in his provl we make, but what we save, It is not what I do not think any of us fully realize how dences. makes us rich. necessary prayer is to bur happiness. WithI have heard some of my sisters say "I that is conferring a kindness to deny at once out it we cannot become true Saints in have no time to read, my family duties occu-p- y It ' all my time and attention.0 I realize that a favor which you intend to refuse. thought, word and deed. We must have the Spirit of God continually with us in or- mothers have plenty, and often too much TnE weakness of the heart is sometimes ' der to live bur religion faithfully, and that work to do but as I heard a beloved sister say stronger than its strength. l; hot loner since "My spirit needs feeding as Spirit can only, be obtained and retained r cause us to leave off If praying does notsoon well as mylK1rAftera long,-- busy- - day through earnest prayer, mako us lea vo off will ' We are taught that we must be tried even when all the .peacefully "as sinning, sinning ' UJ:i as gold seven times purified. This seems as leep I generally sit down and read for half an praying. j is only by labor that thought can bo though we were to be pretty severely tried, hour from choice buoks or papers which re It yet through constant prayer to our Heavenly freshes me more than sleep besides furnish made healthy, and only by thought that la -of over-rulin- little-''ones- ; :; Fatbereillrpbtamstre so that we will be enabled rio ing meithCK : pass through I like the Exponent for this, its articles are everyord eal so easily that wo will : scarcely realize that we are being how careful we should be to humble ourselves daily before the Lord to seek His strength, comfort and guidance. There is no true happiness in taking any other course; it is true, we may have fleeting pleasures trW.henOhl that will vanish away but through prayer short and pithy, much in little and to the ..v: SZ:''---point i Being at a neighbor's the otherrday I noticed her baby boy try to draw put his mother's chair and then went to the table, reached the paper and brought i t to her. She said to me, by way of explanation, "He, wants me to take him." "Sister" I said, "you are hot only learning yourself, by tab ing every opportuhityjo read good read- insr. but you are instilling: into his very na ture a love for it, creating an appetite which wm with him, and a taste for readi ng ' ' ' . x , ; ; bor cart be made happy. The beloved of the Almighty are the rich V who ha the hlimili poor who have the magnanimity -- "Saadi." ;:: . :-- iZ-:r:7T'- An ass laden with salt was crossing a The water diluted the salt, and lightened the burden. Tie; communicated his discovery to a brother donkey, laden with wool. The latter tried the same experi; l, ment, and found his load double its weight ': In these lives of ours, tender little acts ' do more to bind hearts together than great deeds or heroic words, since the first are 'for to no means is be books despised good by bread that none can live like the dear when the head and the heart is filled with without, the daily latter but occasional feasts good there is less room for evil." beautiful and memorable but not possible to Anne Niobe. - brook. and humility, we may have constant peace, of the greatest Joy and.(ntentment---thre- p boons jhat Were ever given to mortal beings, I often feel that it would be as impossible for me to be a saint without prayer as it would for our natural bodies to exist without food. We have heard it said that the step-ping stone to apostacy is the neglect of prayer, and I: truly believe this to be so, for all. the mma: oecomes aarKenca ana, conseBo the very best you can and then take quently the Evil One has a good chance to Engaging manners. --There are a thousand slip in and introduce doubt and false docthings as they come. If a man strives with winch nttie ways every pretty engaging his best knowledge, energy and untiring la-- ; trines when, if we were living in the line . on without the person may put running bor to accomplish a certain object, working of our duty, we would instantly repel the risk of affected or foppish. deemed, being skill and patience, ho is a success, ' with first advance of the adversary directed The sweet smile, the cordial bow, the ear against our true peace. Finding fault with nest movemet in addressing a friend, the whether the scheme fails or succeeds, and he ought to reconcile himself to failure if those in authority is generally the starting the attention glance, graceful inquiring ever have which is so it is inevitable. If his labors have been point of these evils,1 so that if-with captivatlngwhenTinitcd to this feeling we may know to what it will will insure us the of brain and hand, heis better fitted ' sue: these lead us if not checked. I would exhort my of even a churl. Above all there ceed In other undertakings. regards young sisters, while in the beginning of life is a certain softness of manner which should In all grades of human intelligence and to attend strictly to their prayers 'and they oe 11! 9 ! Ill aou wnicn in euner man or culture there are three cycles of develocuiuvaieu, will always have wisdom to know the right VI'rm 1 n OrlrlS O nhnvm f hot almntf n4...rvl. J pmentthe physical, the intellectual, the frAm f ho wmnop and havo runvoii miron iham I ' spiritual. That which is rational in man is J r InnhArton thn rfrrhr linInt- - all nirniitnotnnnao ": lu i Vu maWy enhances the latter if it does exist. higher than the animal, and that which is gpiri tual higher than the rational. , To de-- 1 of God in helping to roll forth this great and velop the animal is to develop the lowest M. A. F. work. r; Matrimonial Incompatibilities. glorious latter-da- y nature to develop the ink llectual is to de-- . A couple aio no sooner married : than they - intermediate nature to develop find that differences of opinion and mutual velop the the spiritual is to develop t!ie highest nature . (For the Exponent. jars ensue, and all is not gold that glistened: of man that which makes him God-likMOTHERS AND INFANTS AT HOME. ana then one or both straicrhtwav imatrlne that which reaches forth to eternity,, with that there is no remedy but in ruthlessly no limit to its growing capacity. Ail moiners are aware that as soon as a breaking the solemn, sacred tie that binds child begins to understand its Purroundings, them. A vague, restless feelincr seizes up Jts mind stretcheslfbrth I after further infor on one or botff, producing: discontent;' en Tiie pbesent centuty. In 1807j Fultonbefore can Even mation. either walk or fireuderiner a certain thoucrht of nres'pnt hnn- - took out the first patent for the it invention of - . :' tilk its little hands are put forth to grasp da go which exists mostly in fancy, and cre-- the steamboat. and examine whatever may come within its ating a feverish desire for other associations The first steamboats wb It li niado regular. reach.? Soon it comes to mother with num- - and spheres which are sunnnspd tn hn trips across the Atlantic Oc can were the Sir--: berless questions on the most unaccountable more fitted and providenthilly designed for ius and the Great Western in 1838. subjects and believes Jthat what she says the mind and heart No escape, it Is said. In 1813, the streets of London were for must be true and puts most implicit faith but In cutting the knot, IV is a delusion. the first time lighted vith gas. ; . In her words. I have often been puzzled to The marriage relation, in all its history, tne tno nrst About raiiroaa in year answer these little questions, for I think it was never expected; perhaps, to be entirely the United States iwz, was completed. ' ' '. ;; Is very important that we answer them cor- - free from misunderstandings and discords. In 1840 the first experiments in photo-raph- y roctly,as impressions made in childhood are Foolish to think that the whole mutual life were made by Baguerre never effaced. How many mothers fail to can flow on, like the earlier stream, with- - Tho anthracite coal business may be satd . , . appreciate this loving confluence reposed in out a ripple or eddy. Home is a school to have begun iu 1820. them by their litUe ones. ; " ; wherein husband and wife are to get rid of 'In 1830 the first patent for the invention It was distressing to me a short time their angularities, liarmonize their peculiar of matches was granted. since to see the fook of wondering doubt dei characteristics, and more and more become In 1844 the first telegram was sent icted oh the countenance of a little girl at U one in thought, sympathy and life. .The The first successful trial of a reaper took most unlikely answer given her by her, not true blessedness of wedded souls is not ; . place in 1833. but thoughtless mother; and- which sured by a simple exchange of plighted faith, In Ellas Howe obtained a patent for called fovth these reflections. How neces- - It comes through and after many a ;; ! y 21 : his first sewing machiue. that we should' take eveov'opiortunity nialf many a sacrifice of: the will, many a for adding, to our stock of iinformation in scourging, of the resentment, anger, The EMriiEss of Germany is said to pride, every possible way, that we may? bo; ready vanity aud passion of the heart. dress very plainly. ; 4 . w e-ro- "... ''Tv--'.:'-.- : , ; , f we self-possessi- on . 1 t 'r r . f I 1. . S 1 .. -- f . e, - ' . , , . 1 . ; in-carel- ess ,' . - self-de-sar- . , 