would have been utter strangers to the country In this extremity the news of her compatriots' peril was brought to this brave woman. She sent them word that if thev could eet outside of the wall hv f Tip PflrJioet iavn tita CninTtrrrttr r?ir cTia i.Aitfs) miM If more help is necessary to do any class of wort, them safely. They worked you may be sure. Poor T inIcf linnn Tinvinc if. Inst n mv hnsn.mfl insists orpiihirp it. tf.iq 111 itttol tVinxr ..wom Tirl-Jr- r upon having help in the harvest field when his crops and in the faint gray cold morning light their eyes sWing is not allowed to infringe .upon the necessary daily work which ministers to the comfort and health Tr. of the family. Jlv such svstem I find that I have time for aU the work the housewiie ought to be expected to do. ' NATURE'S WORSHIP. BY Ji C WniTTlEK. The harp at Nature's advent strung Has never ceased to play; The sdngr the stars of morninar sue?" Has never died away. ,. . And prayer is made, and praise is giverif By all things near and far; . The ocean lookeih up to hcaVen And mirrors every star. - ... - ' . gain. 3iy work is never behind. It is not allowed nailed them to follow her. They did. la ac-to be so. It is economy not to have it so. She walked boldlr alone the hitrhwav with Tlt'C! 111 if 1 f frAMAAAn Acf O "A r ' V. Vim rl foil "Al 1Vtt1AJ Vt lnilV lioel-rt-f I than it did when I followed the way stealthily through the brambles in woods that skir- so she guiaea them twelve oi wurxiug. wi course it requires me icu me roau. tion of the men-folbut I have yet to learn that a iniles remember they were men whom she had has." never seen before, gystoatiwifcv.ahd mntEejniiotteacli anj to serve them she was aban- doninfe her husband and- her hlomur"frtFlrr 4and, idHa3gfa I Its waves are kneeling' on the strand, At kneels- the human knee, Their wblte locks bowing to the f and, it. W ' hap-hazza- rd The priesthood of the seal co-oper- f " i jna a- ; j k; Tliyprtlicte fa' Thdr gfJsoXleaTl3jh -- And all the ll3teningr hills of ea rth Take up the song: they ting. 7 ?T r v , - afe i 7: -- The " ; , ' "' Are suaset's purple air. The winds with hymns of praise arc loud, Or low with sounds of pain; Tli thunder orgran of the cloud, The dropping- - tears of rain. With droopinj: head and branches crossed, The twilight forest Rrieves, Or speaks ith tongues of pentecost From all its sunlit leases.- blue sky isiho temple arch, Its transept, earth and air, The music of Its starry march Tho chorus of a prayer. So Nature keeps the reverent f ramc With which her years beg-anAnd all her sigrns and voices shame The prayerless heart of man. 'Tpreparing fur in back .MRiehlnlmd all ' Unwn lines safely, and subsequently com- Preparing for Comjniny.- -In nve more, escaped; by the same panv look more to their comfort and entertainment u,.uuaureaanu j than to your reputation as true are friends, or Iiave would she know them if she did. Thev nloln ft imftW i,of T.rt thov will ruthor h lac nor she thelrs: Washington Cor., Inter. are enjoying th?ir society, than to fire sumptuously A.UUW " w nimwium in cjAUUXtlLU J5lJic, that you are 'anxious and worried and that their presence is a burden to voir . Tf tliAv ar nf tnit FLOWERS. class who mit you merely for the sake of criticising or commenting upon your household arrangements Proverbs are the children of Experir and manner of living, or for their own personal ence. . gratification it were better that you should give Good humor is the girdle that binds them a short cut, and not entertain them at all. friendship to love. r. . Mokssess. Testing ..i." It is asserted that much nf . the syrup molasses in commohruse is rr noisonoJ " Jrom van1 w liy. , impound, composed of rags and sawdust decom- posed by muriatic acid, and so nrenared as to look Heading makes a full man: conversation. and taste like the best syrup. This counterfeit a ready man; and writing, an exact man. syrup can be readily detected by putting a tea- Affection can scarcely be excited and 8IwnfuI ina cupof strong tea. If. the syrup con- ' certainly cannot long subsist unless U is tarns acid it immediatelv combines with thfi tiim.in of the tea and makes a black, dirty looking mix- " . , 13 of wild tnrc Hie bottom of the teacup; after standing a 4UKevege justice, which Y- - The arreeu oarth sends her Incense up From many a mountain shrine; ' . From folded leaf and rtewy cup She pours her eaeliwIndr'T"" Tho misia above the morning: rills Blso white as wings of prayer 4 The altar curtains of the hills r ! - IIX f: f runs to, the more to weed it out. cloth. Those who use syrup should be ought law Next to the sweetness of having a friend Hints on Domestie Economy. There is no fea- on the watch for this injurious article, which is doubtless sold wnom you can trust is that of having a innocently ture of domestic economy so much neglected by many storekeepers. by housewives as the economy of time. Mv inenu wno win trust you. perience his taught, and teaches me, that it is too Pleasure loves the. garden and the flowTWO HEROINES. ue one to tne ot oi last the apt economies thought ers; labor the fields and the grain; devoti?n the of housewife. know I'llift IS. til a nun by t that I loves the mountains and the skies. . A gentle little Quakeress, now ia the . V " Treasury v , n uv t,uvrinT-t- t .HAeu.- - aDu wnich it I aved . m ! tlUnion 4rwps.aUVinchesterJTpr whieh snlts th as ii. iJiEREisjiaeDortment suuuiu ue, wouia and does afford uy was the. wuuuuiu,cu in the town only family uri? loyal anil and nf fip fnlpntc the careful housewife the most direct Sheridan m sore need, determined to risk the relief of any measure yet invented. So ways lost when we quit it to assume that of r thoroughly chance ot reaching them, fm. JnC. onnA D;nn do I know this, that one of my first efforts when I tion they could cive about the mhpls get 'a new girl" to help me, is to teach her the orACTI0? s?eak ore forcibly than words; patched an old negro to the hoUs; Wh.n tC Iwhilrcreditrblac from old HOUSEHOLD HINTS. -- ' 4.1 in hard-worke- - jrv d, asl-inc- I want my work done, and to see that she docs nothing out of that order! Somecf my good sisters will ast, "How do you do it?" I do it by overseeing the work myself by directing and aiding in its performance arid by practicing what I preach. Only one 4hing is attempted or done at a time. .As soon as the bedrooms are empted of their occupants, myself or my girl, op2n the windows . and toss up the beds to be aired. Meantime one of us attends to the breakfast and does nothing else. The preparations , for breakfast, so far as practicable, are made the night before. The table is laid ia the diniag room and me vegcuDlcs and meats prepared.. Breakfast der m which . table lor dinner. tirpmnnt mrh r..i f'' ,rm tin-foi- " ,V . ... .... the way and the chamber and c ,:r nours art? dt'rnfvi P'cme l .v 1V .room-wor- k In the same department there was another herb- - a fcaia on omerwort - mi. Thq, ine for pcriia ' ; .. t au uireaienea With ,, vmiu mt hm , K? CGt. iS hcart nor reat in ofliv brain, abd o'fiw jvnciiuu justice a strong helpincr hand. Hut snnif ana moments come I anjua seldom; and the danger of discoverv. Th iva falling, in the annoyances and little vexations of everyday life from a nnhiftfnnn noble anger, is so irrenL that vciirmrhtn-AmucJi' )p(t forr all we can to govern this emotion. to mwMlt- y chaneo . - done. ac-ne- - uui. ic j3 never u: Le - . 1UU commenced until the branJcfW 0eh!iiG T y uit messenger arrived this girl was the only one at show ?! "Pon tree, the bouse. Appreciating the ne,d nf nature of the they motIvc Ukc th rote a full and accurat3 account of re hidden rZ 0UI VieW sition and resources. She folded her messa.7 in httle ball of l, and made the colored man Save Something. Whatsoever vour in- -' come tarry underhis tongue.bhc dispatched him at may be, try and save something. A midnight, and beyond the suaiess of theibattle ribbon less, a jewel less, a silk dress less xt day she heard nothing from her distinguished cording to your style of li vine, will riPvpr correspondent for months. War seldom rPSnPt hurt 'ou: and a little nut hv a u w the courtesies of lie; but the first leisure 111 make a tidy simi after a few years. moment that General Sheridan had he S2nt her 'flWihTni ; watch with an inscription testifying his gratitude in wf A.UE,Pndeepinany a man in anxiety, a modewte style very complimentary terms; and dangling from the . iDC?e ' """v tAwtaica w 4 -- nt. I 1 I j 