Tour suasion fires us, as with hearts of steal, utes of the previous meeting were read, al-To stand for tod, and battle for the so the Financial reports or tne past year. Your words are simple, but they make us feel Mrs. MaWretH. Randall advised To press on heav'nward with a giant's might. ADDBtSSlD TO TUM LADIES OF Till SPRIKGYILLE Pridpnt SOCIXTT. snRESCBMXXT know so :;' the sisters to live that they might When men like Brlgham, point, and lead the way, fhnfruth for themselves and not let their My eisteTs, dear, yours Is a gloriou task- ;And wives like you, Join In the noble cause; What more sublime employ could angels ask, be the reflection of other people's lo faith No powers of darkness can our progress stay. wild . Than thus to strive to stem the excess, husbands and to carry to their a be help Altho' they 11 the world with hellish laws." Which ever leads to shame and wretchedness? as as well fthftrft burdens rtf life's Hiofr hwn ' To use your potent gitta kx virtue's cause, The entire poem is worthy "of publication, of life's comforts Gave The vile deceits of gilded vice disclose, , enjoy a other txrt ion beinhishly compli- some gooa aavice uxwn That all may shun the yawning gulf that lies I I meTi ourselves, arewithheld, lest wo arrto would as material Conceal'd from thoughtle , unsuspecting eyes: of such and making up be suspected of vanity, To check the mad extravagance and pride be becoming to the wearer and her station should -That sweeps the earth a devastating tide, In the afternwn, accompanied bysevewl oke of the importance of sustain- in To help those liable to be decoyed lin: s ar and: And teach them shame's dread vortex to avoid; ing ourseh-e- as-f. . mmt a i ninn'U Atlirnn riltlArl TI71 T rl Ml: fl Till w or ruc the By precepts, and example's mightier voice, , upon subject T meet- suggestions f .u,b. Sr. Martin attended: Belief Society Teach rail humanityj ir.n n LINES. rig-bt- : : .... -J - yorn life-Sp- ure-iucicvii- iig asible ? Forsake the drunkard's drink, Arise from ignorance! reflect and think; Come! let the errors of the past suffice, And now to wisdom's treasures lift your eyes; Come! father, brother, husband,.sister, friend, Let us the hill of endless fame ascend; Come! let us walk In glory's shining way, Come let us travel to the realms of day." Such gentle preachers sure will be received, A purer mission, scarce can be conceived. Such noble use of soft persuasive spoech Will find few hearts so hard It may not reach. While blessing others in your grand employ,. Yourselves will reap a never ending Joy ; And holy beings in the realms above, ' Will look with . rapture on your works of love. Ged bless, and aid you In your great design, Till you among the Queens' of Heaven shall shine. .:: UARCB 14th, 1874. W. C. soul-destroyi- . . - : - It. S. REPORTS. Beaver City, July , vised t and to improve their minds by reading, studvincr and thinklnfr, and to bear in minu that each must earn her own salvation for a husband, friend or neighbor cannot perform her sniri tual work. Several of the sisters - to Tooele and spent an interesting evening at - Br. Mikle- john's, with tho officers of the R. Society, and as many others as could be accommo dated. y:rr?-r-- Indies' Associations-return-ed "' . In spirit of the vvJjf v.. i Lord was copiously poured out and we had ThA few nnor in this place have been helped Sniotv a refreshing time. The Tooele Choir, was punctually in attendance when we met In have paid one installment of twenty-fiv- e k e juwu xxuuc, u dollars on the organ for our meeting House, r- occasions. iWJUKursuaie-luxuiiui infArpst and finlnvment 01 those i.i ie iui-uuuuj 1JUVU . . . .. noticeawe One and excellent very ieapure sisters donated The have twenty-flv-e hall. the sweet music of this Choir, is the plain and distinct pronunciation of, tne words, r, adds intelligence to sound. vr i which t i tu uu gwu tiLivt tv iuuou t gvvv " We were hi srhlv pleased with the spirit intAi. - UU1 C - It.nHIWWIlJ W U mv v i " Editor Woman's Exponent:-- -- Our Young Ladies Association was organized December 13th, 1873, with Mrsrllar-rie- t E. Fotheringham for President; Mrs. Harriet E. Shepherd, MrsTChristena.-LeviMrs. Eunice Greenwood, Miss Agnes Lebar- ren(now Mrs. Hutchings), Miss Aurelia' -Walker, Miss Mary A Greenwood for Counselors, and Miss vId Tx Hunt, Secretary. yur. meetings are pretty well attended and - f ov-i- : manifested by our sisters wherever we went not only in their affectionate reception of never to be satisfied with any attainment which we may have but have a desire to us but, what is 01 the greatest importance, to the progress and thankfully improve the oppor-- we found many of them truly alive, UurTis-for God. tunity wehave through the Relief Society interests of the Kingdombe ofretained in our self improvement. The people, here it with them wiir long ;s r.,- - m omnri ps na nnrt of the l?reen SPOtS In the i i J: .? r kjihuzuj uruer, bu lai i jwve urgauii&cu liuu a TTn inings nave gone on smooiniy anu saiisiac- uw"v Amr fa oil r W Marietta Adams, - ? I m Secretary. ' v- VISIT TO TOOELE AND PINE KAN YON. h ciC uuuiiva . : by Mrs. Houd. ' ' Harriet E. Fotiieringuam, ' Lliza E. Parkenson, CV VT"T President. Secretary. T..1.. t ft - r mm A The , Relief Society of this placo held its nun annual meeting June 24thMeeting opened with singing and prayer. The min- . T ITY July L .. . - UNE OFTIiKlTAKTX. ' A WA- ' ' xor- -- Charleston. S.C., is to have ice of home manufacture at $ l a hundred weight thi - i: summer. A lot, containing 2.210 square feet, in the midst of the business part of London, was recently sold for over ,$160,OOOL or $72. 50, gold, per square foot. A curious and beautiful effect was pro machine in Phi la- duced by an delphia. It was. a cake or manufactured ice, in the center of which, completely in closed in' the ' translucent material, was a Every leaf and bouquet of fresh flowers. -flowTer , was perfectly visible, while the brilliancy of the colors was enhanced by the refraction through the ice.; It is stated that the effect of heat and cold, in expanding and coptracting the iron of the dome of tho national Capitol, is such that the collossal statue, surmounting it inclines four and a half inches to the' west in the forenoon, an4 the same., distance to the.; east in the afternoon, This fact has been ascertained by 'fixing a. plumb lineto the statue and dropping it to the rotunda bo-: ; - : On Wednesday, 1 r , 5 . FACTS AND FIGURES. the 17th of last month, 4ViAOft .itVi r. nftnnil nn1 ...11 i TIT the following named sisters, M. I. Horne, About thirty of us met on Saturday morn- E. Howard, Z. D. Young, and E. R. Snow ing, June 13th, and spent the time, besides went by carriage, (which with team, was Ttr made by Miss Melissa White, Miss Mary A. Greenwood, MissEmeline AdaIr,Mrs. Houd, a.u.o. jtuwicMugiiam. luiss n.uen vhuw, ana Miss leo Mary LumbLid. The chief chosen for reading and discourse subjects were eaution, dress, reformation and prayer. Mary Crosby was elected a member. Meeting iuHrnrnof1 Tnnn otu 1874. Oosed with singing and benediction -- --- . -- partaking of a picnic dinner, in sewing car. v iiwft) wucu we com- vvMbw uuiu menced our meeting, according to adjournment. Opened by singing, and prayer by piaver umies, ana, singing. The minutes of the last meeting were read and accepted. The Secretary,; Miss Ida F. Hunt,. having been called to perform nth ties, could not attend and. Miss Eliza E. Parkinson was elected to act in her stead. Selections from the Exponent, and Woman's Journal were read by Miss Alice Tyler, Miss L Farnsworth and Miss Ellen Lee. ' uxj r-j- 1st, 1874. - tja,, ' ; To say, to captive bound by ylce'i chain, -Cornel we will help yeu freedom to regain; Comet leave the dark and crooked ways of sin, And try; in virtue's cause a crown to win; v - kindly furnished by Bro. W. Howard) to Tooele City. We were graciously received and cordially welcomed by Mrs. Miklejohn, Fres. of the Relief Society in that place, V and by her husband. Thursday at 10. we attended Society meeting in the commodious Meeting House, with a large assembly of sisters, and a few prominent brethren. At 2. we aerain met, and, after other services, organized a Young .Lauies Retrenchment Association, composed of between sixty and seventy mem. bers. In the evening as many of those young ladies ascould be seated met with us at the residence of brother Miklejohn, and we had a very interesting time giving them words of counsel, encouragement and instruction. ' The next morning, brother Miklejohn remarked that it ' was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. The next forenoon we met with a large congregation in the Meeting House: when near the close of the service, brother James Dunn came to the stand, and read a beautiful poem, written bv himself, entitled ""Wclcomo to Sister Snow and Company." mo louowing extract shows that Br. Dunn is no unpracticed writer: . , : - ice-maki- ng - : ; , " low. ' ' St. Augustine, Florida, is the oldest Eu ropean settlement in the United States, It was founded by the Spaniards, and a, large portion of the inhabitants, are of Spanish descent. With its convents,, ruined gate houses of Span ish build, their balconies qvershadowing the narrow streets, it still resembles 'some ..... ....Old World towns. The remains of tho fort , of St Mark's, overlooking the seaj crumbling, ''Slaters In Christ, bid you wtlconie bcre; Our homes are brighter for your pleasant "call:" and verdant with vegetation, have much the appearance ' of the, ruined castles of tho Our hearts are warmer and the silent tear middle ages. '.. '. 0 holy friendship, at your presence falls. ways, quaint cathedral,-an- '... d " j M-- : ; . .... 