WOMAN'S E XP O NEK T. 139 BOOKS. bey bravado. He deliberately hung himself with a book strap, and the verdict of the How many books there are of various coroner's jury was simply "suicide by hangkinds, from which we may gain useful ing." The above touching incident should be knowledge and information, upon any subwo which choose. may ject widely circulated for it touches a vital read those question. One can hardly visit a school, Always,, my young friends, books from which the most knowledge may espeeMlyJhpse famed for "good discipline," be derived, and those which will prove without beiugpained by the injudicious beneficial to you. Do not indulgo in read- punishment of the pupils. ' Usually the obthe light literature of the day, or what ject would seem to be not so much the good ing is more properly termed, "ten cent novels." of the pupil as the gratification of the There is nothing in them worth knowing teacher. that you could not learn from better books, Having seen much of boys, both in school without the trouble of gleaning from so much and out, and as the mother of sons, I should nonsense. Then why seek after such tri- be glad were there some punishments defling, unimportant things? Rather choose vised which would result iu good to the horad-thoseHbooksr-- 1 ha twilWeaehyouhow- - 4WPikai-- f s so seldQinl now.: to behave how to talk and when, and, above almost all the disci to old ail, how respect age. plinarians are persons of too quick tempers too in frequently Indulging reading light to bo able to stop to; judge of individual literature, is apt to impair the memory to a merits as would a calmer temperament. Two or three things concerning punishment greater or less extent. Would you know whether the tendency in school are suggested: of a book is good or evil, examine in what 1. Punishment should never be adminisinstate of mind yon lay it down. Has it tered in anger to duced you suspect" thatwhatyou' have 2. Never in presence of others. It inbeen accustomed to think unlawful, mav be jures the good and hardens the bad, always, innocent; and that may be harmless, which to be corrected in public. 3. Ridicule should never be used .by a you have hitherto been taught to think dangerous? If it has done this, its purportis teacher toward a pupil. It simply breeds evil avoid all books of a like nature in fu- anger and. stubbornness. 4. No brutal punishment which may afture. I believe that many an unsuspecting, innocent young person has been led to ruin fect the health" should ever be used as by reading such works. But where do you standing or sitting in dark or cold places, acquired enforced cold bathing, etc. suppose the learned men of y The "Index" says wisely: their information concerning various things, if not by studying good books? They have, "What shall be done then with the termaas far as we know, had to battle pretty hard gants with whom we ha v0 to deal? That to gain that knowledge which they now is for the wise to ponder and decide. Perhave- .- And from this we may be taught haps we shall be forced to deal with the that perseverance, patience, and hard and young, as God deals with us, leaving them wiso study alone, is what makes the great free to choose evil or good, never fearing that as they-s-o w, so shall they also reap.L". man or woman. "Woman's Journal." Then let me impress upon your minds, my young friends, the necessity of laying aside novels, etc., and studying books that A FEW QUESTIONS.' will, eventually be of greater benefit to you. For of course, we are all desirous of gaining Is there anything gained by a hashing and the. true respect and confidence of our intelwisdom of family matters before children ligent friends, and to cultivate realwhich' we and goodness is the only Way by or strangers. these obtain lHirrrifc2 blessings may Are ch iidren taught to love and obey. 1 parent by hearing his or her failings discussed, STORY OF A SENSITIVE BOY. or do strangers improve matters by inter--- " . . L . . . " : Uri-fortunat- jthe-'cas- ely so-call- ed FROM DIXIE. St. Ge oiigi:, Feb. 5th, 1874 Woman's Exponent, truly valuable and ever welcome, comes to, us in the "Sunny South, " full of "interest ami good counsel. I derive much pleasure and satisfaction from the perusal of its columns; and in the thought that I am associated with those who are endeavoring to teach the principles of truth, and bring about a reign of righ- teousness upon the earm. i ne pcopio oi Southern Utah appreciate, and arc enjoying very much the society and teachings of ourworthy President We also leci highly lavored in having the society of our much i -- esteemed Sister B. A us frequently in the Uehet Society, - anuTm7rafnl The Society is i ncreasi ng in numbers and a lively, spirit of interest is liianifested. -- ., r, -- ; " MlNimvJ5KOWr " to-da- ' re-hashi- ng . . a visit when A New York despatch states that the ver- fering? Certainly it spoils dict of thejury, on Wednesday, to investi- quarreling, bickering, twitting and Hinging faults, take the place, begate the circumstances attending the death eachqthers of a school boy named David White, who tween husbandjtnd wife, of pleasant hospiput an end to his own life, at No. 146 .:: and general conversation. street, is certainly very significant. tality As children grow up they learn the failThe bov. it would appear, was of an ardent, their parents fast enough, without ambitious temperament, highly sensitive, ings oftold of them when too young to unand up to a certain critical point in his being Who thinks school-bo- y life studious to the extent of dis- derstand that no one is perfect. age. more of a man because he taunts his wife tancing all class competitors of his ownthese before strangers; that she is a "perfect gadUnfortunately, as the result showed, -- attracted the attention of his about, taking ho interest in home;r'or that ies qualit no government, and is ruining the teachers and his parents and he. was pro- she "has by indulgence," or that "his young moted to a higher class, with the members children are fxIs and their mother is willing of which it was morally impossible for him ones up so rather than drive to cope. The natural result followed. The to let them grow to their books with a birch rod, which studious boy, who had been facile princeps, them heed three times a day." Are a wothe full knowledge they lost his ambition-wit- h charms enhanced when she asserts bethat he could not gratify it, and gradually man's fore a totally uninterested party, that her found his way to the end of his class. He husband "is a perfect tyrant and treats his ; became so negligent 'that his teacher, in the wife and children as if they were brutes?" . belief that he had degenerated through or "that he neglects h is family and tikes his name in wrote up carelessness, simple ' all his pleasure abroad." These are very deligreat letters on a blackboard,restso is that shortly cate subjects which ought never to be mencomers should read it The if peochildren or told. The boy told his schoolmates that he tioned before home as outsiders, as possible pleasant would commit suicide, and he kept his- ple would have influence. school- to all who come within its word, though they thought it was upt Riv-ine-st- on -- , DARE TO BE POLITE. Young ladvvplease choice bit, which we have selected for your benefit, and then pass it to your brother: Or to the young gentleman who is fond of your ; society: "Why there's grandma Moore,"e:xclaimed Eugene, "excuse me young ladies, but I must go to the rescue." With a bow at parting,' he hastened forward, joined the Old lady, adjusted her waterproof, which was flying in the strong east wind, took her umbrella from hot tired hand, and then drew that hand gently ' ' -- through his arm,aud together they trudged on towards her home. "I thought so much more of Eugeno" said the lively girl who related this We were all going home from church together, and the wind whistled and blew," audit was as much as we young people could do, to hold umbrellas and secure our waterproofs. There was little Mrs. Moore just in front old and feeble, and it did seem as if the storm made a plaything of her and whirled her about at will, until Sir Knight became her champion. I don't believe every young gentleman would -- havobeenBo: polite and kind to an old lady." We believe that many young gentlemen possess goodness of heart, sufficient to mako them realize thejr duty in all such cases, or similiar ones, but who often lack the. moral courage to obey the kind impulses of their hearts. They are afraid of being laughed at or of appearing "odd" if they show attention to a poor old woman. Help them, girls, to he more truly gallant than they can be, while they pay respect to none but the young, the gay and the fashionable. Let them know you .are aware, that if you live, you will ail be old and perhaps infirm some day Andllhat you , can better trust your future with young men who show es pecial and marked deference to trie ageu, than to those who Would treat them, with tho slightest disrespect icf. -- Wasiungtox story is that Mrs. Speaker Blaine had a difficulty with Mrs. at A late Senator Sprague about a cook. 1 Meeting a dinner tible with only ho Hon. Zaeh Chandler bef wcen thpm r- - Mrs. - Sprague leaning forward saiu "I am .sorry Mrs. Blaine, that we have anything disagreeable between us." Tho Hon. Z rjli was considerably embarrassed, never having heard the interesting story of the cook. - t : . . " " . . t 