WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 101 favorite of fortune or1 the' belle of some" fash- - the web of life we have been weaving with lonable circle, is certainly :i highly necessary, fguch fortitude and patience, and see: if, we And when women attain to some real genuine have not dropped hereand there a thread, very worth. wHenihev show themselves less mind- - fine perhaps scarcely perceptible to the un- ful of' menfaUentlon, ' moro independent; practiseye, but that have marred the beauty more dignlfled are moro desirous to; diffuse of the work we expected would have been so diligence; sunshine at home, than to win praiseV abroad; , chmate,that plants thrive there In sou which hero would bo too light. The drain upon the resources of the plant, in our climate, requires that it should, bo inoro substan AzeleasrRho- tially fed. As an Instance uouenaron.s, aineuias, .encas Acacia?, Chordomas, and like lants: aro growa in England in sandy, peat or in compost largely ' Ail-- ii ui.i - t, nSperlet usobleur Kf .ioV-- fn'r na f..tfi,r..ia.-,rM- alnst temptation and claim the f0"'!'0'',1 of ntAiin lit f rt t I ah "-- l? v. v .nw any mixture of peat or leaf mold I ' ,wn: nwomen wm " '" :J T: oeenqoea wuasucu supenpriiy orpur saennces., A 7 ' . goodness, sincerity' and purity,, awar a voluntary mDuieiione worth. I grant you the case is widely erentnow; Jbutstrivc ,r , , t : "f,4" - f tM ltni f In ,our , that men will 1 A A A . differ-- 1 i3 m honorable whether nii nTrr'h Cultivated yourselves spiritual as well I work, it ithe workbfGod andrHe Is V . mental gifts;, pray lor, the iioiy? ttpiru, to -- Iives.1 nf nm satlsfactorlalv f?row - nrrHnirv (rroAnlmiKo aounH7-iThe- ra are some exception it is true, but they are few.r: Ferns, Greenhouse Ter- -- help you io shun temptation. If you Jive 8uchKtpni!rAat if wo eudumunto the end. AVe iiav reslial Orchid?. Clnnc-i- Primroses arid some lives;:you cannot fail Jfojiave the appro va i.r. pn had something to live for, which has sustained thing'sof that sort may require a soils in a of leaf your conscience: which is far better tbau hav-- 1 us In the mot; trying and U mcujt places; we greater or less degrco com mom or pear, uuc the greonhpiisp hard 1 V; :l jovo or a, gooa ana irue man,wiinout ii. ing tne v 'v mvmt ; 1 - i vv t If ATfA I VlllUlk IfV UIV ii 1711 A. A A1 A A i'tirf4il.1aiitlantnr.IAtfni.vifhnita'.'..'if'-t.uv wv. .v.wU., .v. A nrl i thinff of more real Value tuan the world' that I "wul,u imwmw "P'cvuiuBjiuuMwoj!) u wwjuv, w we will be known, appreciated and, loved, not j they cannot understand us: because we bavH so of Fuchsias, Pelargoniums, tarnations, to live; for. Cinerarias, and soft wooded greenhouse according to our manifold persona B. B. but for real, genuine,- sincerity and truthful plants generally. They ara better for not having manure mixed with , tho Joam , in HOME AFFAIRS. which they aro grown, 7Vhe .peat and , tna- X know that, custom, habit, education and nuro induce a rank growth that is altosrcth" tradition, have made it natural to women to . Station. Box I.Wer Co,, the or oboecessaiy in ptontejpom in anateara; j otherf i been discontinued. has order to and , po8toffice only necessary soy, and if a woman'dqviates from this, she is a vrfr TTnirersiiv TAbtntv and Readiniy get their youug plants us large as possible in looked upon ; with ?sU3picioni and set down I f ho . ,'. . hisfho tlmA th!r rnstfttTirrfi " . either as a fool, or oddity, or assuming ' ah un-- lioom h onen at me university uuiiuing every i wv ohnrf om evening-Sund- ays excepted: we suppose-fr-' T; The stimulating qualities aro soon exhaust- ... , v . . .. till 1U. true to themselves, i n , disregard of the cus (J im i I., 1 toms of society, dare to come and go alone, MR. james uutin nasrecenuy oeeu appoini-- n 00,cnc ri cfarvnl fn f . i I a I l t l 1. II IT. ill v ana woo win nou accepi tnis seniiment, ;iancy, eu supenntenaeni w ine rroya ooiei rac- its exciting food becomes ai somewhat de- passion, or wiiaiever name you. cuoose vocau 1015;, jjisnop. j roa luuuer ; ivjii icsueu i plorable looking Object to the purchaser. ; it by, this tribute to mere personal charms that position If desired to bushy plants this, counterfeit article, which passes" current Isr Caciie county, nearly all the young men covered with a profusion of (lowers, it is for true affection. If we understood human home - missionaries, to visit ir best to omit such materials from tho com are appointed so not nature .better, we should be. often: mis turns the different settlements generally in post and to rely' upon srich soil as will proIf manunr led in these things, and it would savefi tens of elder brethren to bear testi- - duce a less stimulated sogrowth! with company thousands of heart-achertrt4'i'frt triifh nf llift GnrwI arid tpflm' tn Is necessary, and it is at somo periods of tho growth of softf wooded plants, It ; should Ai Iistusl as rational bein make 'everyexer- - Miiiif.r.2 iL ..niw be given in the ofm of dilute manufo vva tion in our power to elevaje woman and in- - -ufrom of the this adoption itg areappart ter. Such period are just before or at the spire within her characteristics befitting her rI time when tho plant begins to form its . future; position as wife 4no! mother:; qualify AN iNTERESTiNa account is given ofj a coo- - flower buds, and whilst It is blooming, as !lljind educateerlcon ference for Morgan and northern Summit then there is:a"grcter:drain"npontho:i and, health, and her own bodily organization; li- needs extra feediplant-ancounties, lately. held in Morgan city, Morgan tality-bti-ththat there may, be no lack, of duty, through Co., ii ,iv'ih. fiysf, Utah.- The reports of Bishops ifrom the ng.:"i ; ignorance.. for loam The best various settlements which they represented potting purposes Is to a about was new order of Girls, it bring from old pastures or from tho grassy that in general, were very satlsfactory.tehowing I . . I1V' .. rtTinon rtf? fn If now nf 6Alfv trfi tlnm bo taken out .? r r r irvv H'6i Spiru.oi tne Bainw in tnose parts wag to banks of roadsides. It should Beefe unitedly the interests of the Kingdom of about six inches deep and thrown Into a wu,Mtun 7 aavanccmenvoirine,numan:iami tnrougn Goj Bifcll0pW. W. ciufT presided, and Sm- - heap, grass side downwards, to securo demum- - uel cay. .The loam should . be light and friable wa derk of the Conference.'; Francj9 usiu-ouand from well drained land. It It be clayey, era nave oeuu wiiuug w precon iy ceived hotions tralning, and moral, education slkvii sand should be rnixd with It,raud if . FLOR AL HINTS. no pit sand can betoBned, clean road iand according to the ChristiaiCworl'land-lajLawrill answer a good 'purscr"IlciitiBoU we held dear Upon the alter; of our faithj that Tho "American Garden" give3 the follow is very scarce in this countr, and wo aro ; ouii daughters might be nobier, purer, better than ourselves, for theso" and similar blessings ing instructions concerning soil for plants in obliged to substitute leaf hiold. This can bo boat obtai odd in t ho woods by raklng cifr tho' xva entered into the sacred covenant!' NoUfor P8: :l l common error of amatures and looso' loavos and rubbish and taking of? tho ; "Itislho Aninvmntf niln I '. tt Jf of some professional gardener to sappase underlying top toll' to a depth of tW or pectiug-- it in many instancenhhut: for sohie- that tho proper cultivation of green-hous- e thred inchesi i It can" frequently ba hkd in -; more far and .endurable: nobler, grander thing a largo variety , of soils is necessary. gr0aterrdeplh in depressed placei or bailns that our children niighi oe jpdBXiiEiBSto. the plants In a work published by an eminent nursery- in the i soil, ) where tho leaves have beert covenant! and promise made" I, io Abraham man in this country some years ago, no less washed by the rains, butshonld not , bo. through the Holy Priesthood. ir ior this we than nineteen dlfferenv combinations of sov- from places wEero the .water remiiins f have endured persecutioni have tolled and suf-and feoraes stagnant.. ;Wlien gatheroti! it ; bo used In growing tho variom plants there should ha laid in heaps for further decay. . S' cwnUnour afflictions enumerated. To decide which may bo; the : l "Manure should bo." rotted for eighteen th,ru5lI$!cms' aDa.s?W1, H nauS Deca,JEr? new, oar best soil for the particular plant which ho Is mohtbso'r; two year? befofo being used and ; !' true position and its? future bearing rupon our rrowinjr. leads tho cultivator into ondlesa should Iw turhed oyer three or four tlracV posterity., And we must not ialter. now.' We confusion: whilo nutting hh decision in during that period. : Tho soil for repotting ' must not sari nh from further enduranco be I pructlcoieads- - to unnecessan trouble-an- d should, previous to use,b3 screened thmugh cauo wehavo .half ed jneh ftjchrr? .. the composts. ' . - r acoarso dovo-ibopreparing litoin; most ardent tad. hopeful cxpctationi. Let cs - Vln EarcJpe, and , especially la England, to rid Jt of pobblfi tricks or. pther.oxtrsao-- ; r i examine ourselves carefully and' .e .whethe? t;6 etnecphoro is to much moro moist and oas matters.- Bat tr.to eown la it, a' finer f iovor--a quarter .inch to have influence over us; let us lookback over! rainfall is not greater, If ai great a in smrA mesh or a little less may bo u?ed." nu w A ....... A 1 V rrrT" . - . JTk ' - - c -- - -- , rf - , - i . ........... i 1 - 1 I -.-...i- t'-f !. . m 1 , . have-healthy- s. i i fl-f- t -- . -- i ; - ob-tiln- ed ! , -v- -"" rcveiaiiouuuuuuwvu T. r ; U M M hnnr A ntJ . m -- w- : : " U-ke- ri iri1? . -- rt ut; . . - fcoa-.fwcd- a l J 