WOMAN'S EXP O N E NT, 1.76 was dangerous, so he got on his hands and knees and crawled across, hauling a skiff on the ice to get into if the ice broke. After Table of interest The dinner table. rawled aboutalfJYayjicrQss. and h case. A a case of necessity Not cigar was all tired and discouraged, he heard a A blunder buss Kissing the wrong girl. nniA hphfnrl him. and. tninKincr tne ice was breaking he got on his Knees, just as a loau If you are out in a driving storm, don't nf wrmd ramft ud behind him. The ice was to hold rains. the attempt la foot-thiand some other 'runners' had id remarked that wood will last much played it on him. He is searching for the longer if left for the women folks to saw and fellow who told him the ice was tnin. FROM DENMARK. DIVERSIONS. v nd i ck, It .' split. .' " .. . - ., :; Ir a tailor agrees to put braid on a coat, does he al ways consider the agreement bind- -Q.;- byLtakz piece of coin la doubled : -What ;! A A While half-penn-y. ' T . witnessing a game of base ball out west a Doy was strucK on ine oacK vi ms head, the bawl coming out of his mouth.. In Decatur, III., when a young lady declines an offer to convey her home, he asks permission to sit on a fence and see her go : by. Some people are easily satisfied. '.vl:.: A Ken arm tucky lady recently had her amputated two to manner a creditable "in surgeons by the profession and satisfactory to the pa-- 1 tient." "Kisses," says Sam Slick, "are like creation, because they are made out of nothing, "like sermons, requiring two heads Galaxy, 1 f LJ auu an application. . A 1 1 . fpAm 11 ami .IntiniM rm Mb n( UUC lilU WUUUUJ'y Slumping VUAI HJLU fiYr of the hotels, sat down to dinner. Upon the bill of fare being handed to him by the waiter, he remarked, that he didn't care bout readin' nowhe'd wait till after din- ner." ' ' ;: ANECDOTE. hn&nhsrtillelrte IMrs. Chief Justice Waite. befora-GeneniLGmn- About a month - Elder C. G. Ijarson writes us from MarclPcth.: He says: Ai riifinvinir-nn- -- nj harmoniously-inr-th- e- Scandinavian Mission, and the work of God is steadily progressing. Trusting also that every thing is well in Zionj and notwithstanding the efforts of political combination Congress to make special of the "ring"-an-d legislation for Utah,we hope that the Saints may be wide awake to their duties, and live their religion that the Lord may deliver ,His people and bring them off victorious over sin and evil and over all that aro d -- HisJgdojcU; fihtigginsto tlZ Waite's name to the Senate, Mrs. Waite wrote an article on cookery for the Cincinnati Gazette. The article was signed ''Yankee Cook Girl." It was full of sound sug gestions on the cookery question, and replete with good advice to housekeepers. The article from the "Yankee Cook Girl" attracted so much attention that finally a rich widower in Cincinnati, wrote to Sam Heed, the editor, that he would be glad to give the "Yankee Cook Girl" a situation not as a servant; but that she might preside over his household. In fact, he offered marriage. Mr. Reed had to answer in a paragraph that the "Yankee Cook Girl" was not in the mar ket, she having obtained a situation in a neighboring city. The people of Cincinnati don't know even now that the "Yankee Cook Girl" was Mrs. Waite, the sensible and practical wife of the new Chief Justice, and that her new situation is to be the highest In the land chief mistress in Uncle Sam's household of law and justice. M r ELECTRIC PHYSICIAN Electricity administered when cases rcqilre. Office, East side of Second East Street, one and a hal blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake City. JJARY II. BARKER M. D., Office opposite Old Constitution Building, Main . Street Office hours 10 a, m. to 3 p. m. JJRS. CARPENTER, - Physician and Surgeon, Office at the Townsend House, Room Ko. 50. H. DIN WO OD E Y Has removed his Furniture from Main St. to bis three storey Briek Store on FIRST SOUTH ST., I BLOCK WEST OF COBXKH, CO-O- P. Where he is prepared to do a WOMEN ON SCHOOL COMMITTEES. AS A RETAIL BUSINESS. WHOLESALE AS WELL is a more exhilarating sight," on Edu The majority of the Committee asks a Vermont paper, "than to see eighteen of handsome girls sliding down hill on an ox- - cation in the Constitutional Convention Ohio have reported a provision making TT WALLACE women over twenty-on- e years of age elegi-bl- e JJL. editor of the Boston "Post" to any office under the School laws of lias the best, large.-- t and . A jPRETTXand that State. The Cleveland Herald is enthujrellj.ressed Salt- "What after looking at several pairs of lavender siastically in favor of the change. It says: colored gloves in a shop, lately, shocked the "The convention should adopt it. The assistant by asking .him which pair he movement for giving woman a fair share in the government of the school system, as thought the "lavenderest." of An old minister enforced the diffenco of ihey have to bear nearly all the burdens over in detail, is spreading opinion by this argument: "Now, if every its execution Ohio should not lag behind. body had been of my opinion, they would the States. all. have wanted my old woman." One of There is no sense in the idea that women the deacons, ; who sat behind, responded, are the most competent to train children in family and make the best teachers in "Yes, and if everybody was of my opinion, the school-roobut are not fit to sit in the C -- the noDody would have had her." body that frames the- - system of education A Justice, better versed in law than cos and makes the rules for the government of schools. The absurdity of the present sys--. way: "Hold up your right hands. You sol- - tern ia shown In the fact that Boards of emmy swear mat you wiu perform the du Education now are frequently made up of ties of . your office, jointly and severally.: ac men who have no practicalacquaintance : 1 If. curuiug iu your uess emu ana juagment,: so with tho science of education, some of whom help you uod, Fee, ono dollar." have never been inside of a public school as in the Board, Foolish Questions-- -" Will you take this teacher or pupirbefore sitting woman to do your wedded wife?" asked an and most of whom have no children in the Illinois magistrate of the masculine of a public schools, while the most judicious most efficient woman teacher, coupio wno stooa up Deroro him. ""Well, mother the ripe squire, you must bo atarnal green hatfd to or the woman of largo experienceisand exclude education mattersLof in , ask me such a question as that arV""Dd you judgment board seat in ed a the from, solely because think I'd be such a plaguey fool as to go to ' the bar hunt, and takfr this ar' gal from the she is awoman." quiltin frolic, if I wasn't conscriptuosly saS tin and deteTmlned tohavaher? Drive on IN the Society of Friends where intem with your business, and don't ax foolish perance Is not a predisposing cause, one ; questions." at large, person in 1590 is insane. In A "runner" for a Milwaukeehouse, a where intomperauee Is addedsociety to other pro- few days ago, in La Ciosae, was anxious to disposing causes common to both, one person cross the river on the Ice, but was told it In 745 is Insane, " .. Copen-hage- m, . - - tionary in - Lake p,urest stock of confec city. Just Jth ejUce rfof ladie to purchase. ." NEW CLUB RATES, Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the paK of tba Publisherf, to increase the circulation of the ExpoyiNT and aid in promotincjthe objects contemplated jn its publication, by: making it truly an exponent of the yiews of the women of Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and its columns r enriched with a widely circulated expression of their ' thoughUi we offer the following terms to felubs, to as to prepare for incroasing the ralueand importance of the paper with the beginning of the next, yolume,. which a larger subscription list will enable us to do1 10 copies. 1 year, with a copy to the getter i- ?18 00 up of the club 15 copies, 1 year, vrith a copy to the getter 26 00 . - ,.. up of the club 20 copiw. 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the club and a framed steel engraving, 12x16 inches, of President -Brigham M 00 Young, selling price, 2 60 SO copi js, 1 tear, with a copy to the getter upof th club, and a superior first "proof, steel. engraving,. of. .President Brigbam You lg, handsomely framed, selling 43 00 prico Clubs Ckn be commenced at any time; and additions can be made after the first list of namas has been sent. ' letter at the' 3Jney can be remitted by registered : ' ' risk of the publishers. , ' We hope ladies throughout the Territory,' especially the Presidents and Secretaries of Belief Societies will endearortoget up clubs, and that they willcon-stitu- te themselTes agents for the extension of the ' circulation ef tie Expo jrxjrT. -- . . ' ' - 