WOMAN'S EXPONENT ttt mM ' i i - where wo can gain, wisdom and knowledge, that will preparer us to become 'useful memTO MAGGIE. 1 .l bers in the tkingdom of- God. that whereas profaning There'f a charm in your music ray spirit to cheer, It dispels every doubt and brings beavon mow noar, a low and degrading is the name of God Tenilnrtomenowiathejtrillglitadimhour, of vice, and also breaking a commandment While night ihsics gather on hillside and flower. God, we. will use our influence to reduce Slag me a on that Is Joyous and trfjrit'r"-this disgraceful piactice, by nst associating Whoso straia? seU with f ladness, with beauty and light, V. with those who indulge in it. For i hare been weary and restless all dayt AndKogin3r for pleasures that fade not away. that inasmuch as strong dead. and withered . SInx of the rosea ere man's physical and intellecs Ground they lie strewn on a cold talent bed; tual wc, as a band of sisters bepowers, beam ere its away, sweet of passed hope Sing cause of the respect which we have for As mist from the mount; er as fadeth the day. those who are taking this downward course f ing of tifea ocean ere storms leathered deept cannot conscientiously in the sight of God, Sin of bright eyes ere pain made them, weep, and will not approve of this sin, by associaSing of the loved ere in deaths slumbers oound, Sing roe one song where noanguishis found. ting with those, who, if they continue in OhJ tain to the wish'for If Joy begun, this course, will bring poverty, shame and v..-...- ExposiST. '''.i---Fort- - 1 - 2nd.-Resolve- d, ' : 3rd-Resoi- ved, drink-destroy- . . . . ' It would turn to pain ere the song was done, , disgrace upon themlvS;';""?-vr---4th. Resolved, that whereas the use of tobacco is a filthy and destructive habit, offensive in the sight of God and all good men, and creates an appetite, which if not checkedwill lead to ruin, we will not sane tion its use, but exert our influence to pre ; So changing and fleeting this mortal breath - v And so widelr sown are the seeds of dath Death to ths fairest the purest and best, To oar fondest hopos, te our peace and rest ' , OU life what a fitful mocking dream, W hat wrecks are strewn on thy turpld stream! , Then sing of that land of the ransomed and blest, I Where after life's Jiurney the weary find rest; Where life's weight of anguish and tears Is laid down, And earth's blood stained cross is exchanged for a crown. -- vent the young men from tampering with the life which God has given them, by using this "obnoxious weed." X " not 5th. Resolved that wo will indulge soon as as in "round dancing," and possible as have we the abandon a desire for same, been repeatedly warned against it,as having i originated from an evil source. that inasmuch as wo have been, in a great degree, careless with regard to our conduct in general, such as "loud laughter," "night walking," keeping late hours," "actions in meetings and ball rooms." "sneakinsr lightly of each other and of, sacred things," etc. etc. We will be more reserved in our actionsiand conversa: tion in the future. -- -- It. P. REPORTS. Mns. L. G. RlCIIAKDS: Although the enclosed is a private communication, I think its publication may be of much' suggestive benefit to the Young Ladies' Associations generally. With this view, I forward it to you, and trust that the young ladies' of Farmlngton will pardon this liberty. Yours, E.R. Snow. V Farmington, Kov. 27th, 1874. Dear Sister Snow: According to your instructions we have Minutes, of a Meeting held by the Young formed a set of resolutions, of which we send you a copy. The Bp. has redd them, Ladies' Retrenchment Association of the and thinks they are just what we need. We ilth Ward, at the residence of Mrs. Mary V have also presented them to the Associa- A. Freeze, Nov. 9th, 1874. tion and they are determined to try to keep Meeting opened by singing "O my Fath them. We are now having meetings once Presiden t Mrs. M. A. Freeze, "anreekrand-- al wayyhave very- good -- ones.-Tho er." Prayer by "Ye ransomed of our Uod.u "MiW sisters respond promptly when called Singing utes of the preceeding meeting were read upon to speak or perform any other duty, and and accepted. Counselor Miss Lelia Tuckett we realize that are doing a read the first Chapter of the first Lpistle of vast amount of good. James. Select reading by, Pres. M. A. ; Our association numbers one hundred at Freeze and Miss Lizzie Mineen Coun. Lepresent, and increases in number every lia Tucket arose and said: "I do not feel meeting. to speak, but we can glean some Hoping to hear from you when you can prepared ideas from the pieces read. It is make it convenient, and praying God to excellent not what we hear or what we read that will -- bless you in all your endeavors, the young benefit us, but it is what we remember. It Jadies all join in sending love. requires a constant watchfulness to keep a Yours Truly, r"." train of good thoughts running through our Pres. Lucy A. Clark. I minds, they are so apt to be led away with Sec. Minerva E. Richards. foolish trivial things. But with exertion P. S. The young men have also been or- on our part and assistance from our Heavenly ganized, are holding meetings once a week Father, we can control our thoughts. I feel well in Retrenchment; there is not a better and forming Resolutions. Institution for drawing: outpour minds and M. F. R. Sec. , , : causing us to learn the, principles of our re' . , RESOLUTIONS. , , ligion. I am glad to see so many young here. The Gentiles are rejoicing in the ' November 8th, 1874. hought that the young in Zion will not emWe, the ofheers and members pf the brace the Gospel, but I know there is a maYoung Ladies1 Association of Farmlnerton jority waking up,' who desire to Icarh the realizing that we have been negligent with principles of the Gospel, and Retrenchment reran! to some of our duties, have decided was established in time to supply a chance that wo have need to form resolutions among to for satisfy their desire knowledge. I ourselves, which will have a tendency to nave .received a of. the. truth of testimony, crtate a reformation In the habits of the this it the is of all persons ' work; privilege ..; young.,.; u u, . w , to Know when they are approved of God. 1st. Resolved, that we will consider one We need a spirit ol humility, we must of our foremost duties to attend Sakbath learn to submit to hlgner authority and infast and all meetings, telligence than we possess ourselves.' Let meetings, meetings, , 6th.-7-Resolv- ed, . -- the-meetin- gs t : ; - "' . ; ... ,; ,. , us not refrain from doing good to others, and think less of self, and we will merit and re-- 1 ceive the, blessings of our Father in Heav- en," ; 7 President -7- -'r then said, "I have proved many times that the Spirit Mrs.-Ia- ry A;-Free- ze of God promotes .union; it inspires all who possess it with the same thoughts and desires. It does my soul gcod to see the little ones come We have been told to get the young together, and teach them good principles and they will never depart from them. The, little ones are eager to learn, but parents neglect to !teach them. It is very natural lor us to feel that we are all sufficient,iu t; we must learn" humility arid strive to know our imperfections; and when' we see our own weakness we will dmw nearer unto en us. I havo heard Pres. Young say that he was always willing to learn from the youngest child, and that we had got to be come as little children, full of humility and meekness. We must learn not to find faul t -with each other. The poet says. "When I saw my brother's failings 1 was not exactly right." We cannot judge the motives and feelings of each other; if we knew them wc would be more chari tabled I feel like carry ing out every law of the gospel for nothing short of the best glory will suit my desires. Let us have a watch care oyer our young ladies, that they bo not lead into bad company, for they cannot mingle with it and be untarnished. Let us use gooa language ana teach our children to use it, for the "Angels are around us their silent notes taking." If we have perceived a fault in our lives so let us endeavor to master, it that we may improve continually and at last be saved in the kingdom of God." Miss Lizzie Mineer said, "I am happy to meet with you. I wish we could- - always keep the same spirit with us that we feel in meeting. I vvant to live nearer to the Lord ... day by day, and I know I c:m do so by attending to prayer. I worild like to hear my sisters speak. The smallest can bear testi mony of the goodness of God." Mrs. Rebecca Mead said, "I enjoyed your meeting so much last week that I could not to-meetin- g. -- to-d- ay to-morr- ow -- " reirainfrommin2ta ua to deigns give special' blessings' here; l am proud of the children of the saints, there are none to surpass them in the world. To me, you young ladies look beautiful with your plain dresses and, natural, faces, tree from paint and powder.' The Gentiles cannot help admiring you, in your native beauty. Do not pattern after the fashions of the, world, but take good, counsel, live pure lives and God will bless you. ; v Misses Mary McMaster, Hannah Etta Young, Minnie Young, Maggie Mead and Mirriara Greer were accented as members of the'Associatioh. Miss Maggie Mead was appointed to write an fstay. continued as a subject for next "Humility" ' meeting. Moved an adiournment for one week; singing, "Hark the song of Jubilee." ; .1 Benediction by Sister Mead Miss Lelia Tucket, Secretary. : 'V: The gallant coursers of Nantucket are not remarkable for bottom or?peed. One found his way into the Massachusetts cavalry during the rebellion, being recommended as an excellent war horse. 'When the soldier returned he went into passion because he had been swindled. ?Aa how?" asked the islander. "WThy, yon warranted him a good and there is not a bit of go in him." "Yes, I did; and I repeat he is a good he'd sooner die than run." ng war-hors- e, war-hors- e, 