WOMAN'S E XPONENT. Miss Snow was much moved by the warm and heartfelt expressions of appreciation from the sistersbriefly responding by saying that her Heart was too full for utterance she was grate ful to God and to her sisters for all the testimo nials of love and confidence, which made her feet very humble, and desirous of living worthy of the blessing bestowed. '.Jf was an. evening never to be forgotten fey thoso present. Indeed, we think a more inter esting and enjoyable was seldom.if ever,spent. 133 From the "Juvenile Instructor" of Jan, 17th we learn that at a convention of Sunday School superintendents, and teachers, held at Provo City, Utah Co., a County Sunday School Union was formed. We are pleased to mark the grow ing interest which is manifested in different parts of the Territory) in the cause of Sabbath Schools, and of general education. ..... It should be remembered by the ladies of the Othjnst. is the day set apart for the election of municipal officers. And each, one should show her appreciation of the right of franchise which she holds, by beSTRONG-MINDEWOMEN. ing promptly on hand, and fully prepared to do her part intelligently in the matter of electing Mrs. Mary L llofne, President of tlie 14th officers for the , . city. in. THE SEX. Mrs. J. II. Ihggers was elected copying clerk by the California Legislature. Woman's hopes are woven of sunbeams shadows a nniliilato thein.Georgo Eliot, . . u ; y, D ; ' .Jt.-.;::- The work on the tive RetrencrFeni d woman. Not, considers herself a she says, in the common acceptance of the the words for what they term, but really mean. She thinks that any woman who lives above reproach in all respects, who honors her calling as a wife and mother and, who seeks to assist in Uie- - bringing forth of reforms, calculated to benefit and bless mankind, may and that justly be considered there is no stigma attached to the term when applied to such. We heartily concur in these Some weeks since, one of the sentiments. agents for the Exponent called upon us. While in conversation, she remarked that a lady to whom she had pffcred.tho Exponent rejected d it, saying that Jsha was jnot astrohg-mindewoman." We agreed that she could not h ave , been. And when our visitor asked if we consid-d woman, we agent-- a ered her-tunintentionally gave her an unpleasant feeling, by readily replying in the affirmative. In our estimation, it is not the strongest or greatest minds of the earth, that are continuwhich they do not ally reaching after something to make proper use of possess while neglecting reach. blessings and privileges within their But even these, though mistaken in their aims, we regard as not so weak as those who do not undertake to learn their duties as social beings on the earth. Vho neither possess ambition to strong-minde- in-takin- g strong-minde- d, strong-minde- he ccomplislrthe-goo- d whieh-lie- s within their power to do, nor to advance to higher pursuits, If woman, must work as well as man, it js as muWIier; she must obduty to think as it is his. And if.as serve all laws as he must, she has great need asto understand them, and as much right to sist in framing them. ; HOME AFFAIRS. of visiting the Representative's Hall an the legislature now in session in this city, Ai-tei- ? nothintelligent lady remarked that she "saw women could not do." ing being done there that We have reason to believe that the liberality of of at least the majority of the honorable body to acceed Representatives, would lead them to this particular view of the lady. There has lately been organized,in the 14th Ward, "A young peoples' literary association," with Mr. A. Miner as President. This association is instead of a young gentlemen's or young ladies' society; and the result of such co-operat- ion will probably be more beneficial to both sexes than would be derived from an organization of either separately. . Although the organization has been formed for the special advanof tage and improvement of the young people the Ward, we understand that their constitution admits to membership any person of good moral character, without reference to age or . place of residence. is progressing finely. We learned from Mr -Ticket Chas. Nibley, the general Freight-an- d agent, who was in town the other day, that the cars would run IqrOgdefTln a few days- .Blanche Beecuwood sends us an apologet- ical note, on account of the length of her arti cle which appears in this issue. AVe accept her apology, and, although preferring that our cor respondents would write briefly, believing tnat most of our readers have the same preference, we advise every one whQ reads the Exponent, to read the article referred to, under the head. ing of "Our Daughters." Mrs. Alex. Agassiz, wife of the son of Prof, Agassiz, died Dec. 22 of pneumonia. Miss Clarissa Petit of Logansporf, Ind., wears a, $300 goidlAYaidlnhe being the most popular lady inthocity ac-- r ... v cording to ballot. A Covington (Ky.) girl lent her shawl to an invalid gentleman, riding in a stage,and when he handed it back there was a SoUO , jreibaejiinneujto - - the shawL ofBostoii Soeietysof NaturalZJIistory waswon byjAIexander Agassiz. A deserved compliment to the "XiuiWalker-prizc- -: studious son of an hopore father t: 7 girls at Vassar LCollegQ: the fourtohundred rise at 5 o'clock in the morn- are obliged ino- and nrn not allowed to have anv beaux except in the presence - of three old women. applicants for a among the ninety-si- x degree in the medical school of the Univer sity of Michigan, Miss Emma Call, daughter of A. A. Call, of Boston, carried' off tho ; - palm. 'J ' . ; ; ' ' . Constitutional Com- missioiuhad vetoed tthe proposition to let After the Michigan A BEAUTIFUL TRIBUTE TO A WIFE. women hold office. Commissioner Ferry of fered, for separate submission to tho peo I was irui d ed i n my affee t ions only by. th e ple, a pTopsilionxtending thonght or -sufblind affections of my youth. I found an frage ta women. ntellteent companionand a tender mend, The "Jewish Messenger"- exhorts the a prudent monitress, the most faithful of Jewesses not to imitate the follies of Chris wives, and .a mother as rentier as cnnurena" tian women in dressing for church. jTho nvnr Tirid the misfortune to lose. I met in many of the churches wor woman who, by tender management of my editor thinks is a affair, consisting in a disweaknesses, gradually corrected the most ship of than devotion oft, hear pertinacious of them. She became prudent play fineryrather from affection; and though of the most genThe first daily paper printed in the En and was erous nature, she taught frugality glish language was published in London, in the mer in love During economy by her 1702,by a woman onel ELiZABETnMALLET. most critical moment of my life she relieved It was called the Dady Courant, and was me. She gently reclaimed me from dissi- not issued as a Woman's Eights paper, but pation; she propped my weak and irresolute to snare the public at least half the imper nature; she urged my indolence to all the tinence which the ordinary papers contain." exertions tlxat haveM?3 J?s9ful or creditaof Melbournciias published ble in me, and she was perfectly at hand to "Mrs.-Web- b en ti tlcdhe; Woman's Advocate, admonish my heedlessness or improvidence. a pa mphle t, To her I owe whatever I am; to her what- in which she recommends that a bill should ever I shall be. In her solicitude for my be introduced into Parliament for establishinterest she never for a moment forgot my ing a widow's fund, contributedboto by every left destifeelings or character. Even In her occasional husband, that no widow may resentment, for which I but too often gave tute. Also a maiden's fund, to; which all her cause (would to God I could recall those bachelors must contribute, that no .maidens r ? 1 moments!) she had no sullenness or acrimo- may be left destitute after forty, ny. Hor feelings were warm, nay, impetu"Mrs. Ellen Sheely was among, the bidconand was she placabletender ous; but for grading five ders in St. stant. Such was she whom I have lost,when streets, the Louis, lately, that city says: "Republican"-oher excellent natural sense was rapidly im- "All the bid3 were veryjudiciou3 and disproving, after eight years' struggle and a knowledge of the business not inevinced molded us fast together,and tress had bound ferior to the oldest of our contractors. Tho to each other; when a knowl- bids were very closo on tho mark, and tho our tempers a few cents. Mrs. edge of her worth had refined my youthful de- contracts were only lost by had before and age into love friendship, husband's I Sheely, as administratrix bf her of ardor. its much of of original it prived estate,completed an extensive piece gradlost her, alas! the choico of my youth, the last fall, for which he was contractor, in ing, moment a at partner of .my misfortunes, the western part of the city, and is there-- : bct-tof .her my, had sharing prospects when I fore not without experience in the business." Mcintosh. - full-dre- - ss r er days. Sir James - . Geo.. F. llobinson has received the medal 1 -' No man stumbles upon success. Good luck awarded to him by Congress in 871 for sayating the life of Secretary Seward, whon may open the way to the front, but he will on the night never reach it without brains, "What do tacked by the assassin Payne, of April, 1SG5. Tbe medal was you mix your paints with?' asked a visitor' of the 14th United States mint in Philadelof Opie, the painter. "With t brains sir,' made at the phia, at a cost of fourteen hundred dollars. was the - . reply. v 