WO MANS ; You who are young, intelligent and free, what is wanting for your happiness?. You are inspired wi th' hope, courage, faith in the future, but are not quite sufficient, unto yourselves.. You are too sensible to think that influence, or HttleJ brietlautority! oyer others; will, yield permanent happiness; what is it then that is wanting? Is i t love the force of affection? There is a relaUy.pplness. in kit j certainly, but where is the security of love,so infinitely precious and rare in its completeness, if all around us there is ardor; faithless friendand desire? unchaste There, is also a hapship in doing good, but then one cannot fail piness to see and be stung by the frightful insufficiency of the resources, and the inexhaustible mine of suffering. 'i;;.We might thus enumerato alltheelements of which Individ ual ha ppiness is and should have a more than enough examples and proofs to show, that if we have not the means of attaining happi-- . nesa within oursel ves, no amount of riches, or worldly wisdom, no virtue or strength of our own, no greatness of intellect or heart can confer it. And yet who would find happiness in self? Humanity is one being, there must bo a voluntary and solid bond between ourselves and others who compose the society in which we live; we must love our neighbors as' ourselves; must "do to others as wo would wish them ttf do to usUriily and jiot false) And when we reflect how far we fall short of this, how utterly remote we are from these vital conditions, we can realize in some small degree,' the magnitude of iho work we must achieve before we can attain that happiness wnichan exalted soul realizes in And yet there is a partiaL happiness within us, without us, and beyond usj let us exercise ourselves in the science of waiting; and since complete happiness seems to be the full devel opment of a great plenitude of exalted facul and all of ties, cultivate in ourselvcsy-cach: these essential tendencies. Beslgnatioir for instance, moderate aspiration?, gentle and pious wisdom, a tender patience," generous for? bearan ce, christian Cb iri ty , u ty w i th i ts j ojs and as we ...it. and sorrows, "cannot drink- the . ....sea, .. let us be content with , the the drops of dew.'? EXPONENT. 69.; v. held in the New Tabernacle, were. paid $500.00 net profit remained in tlie.treasury of the Sunfrom day School Union. It may be concluded this that such undertakings as the "Juvenile rect understanding concerning the principles Jubilee arc paying ones. Ami truly they ' should be, ifor no system deserves encourege-meit advocates. - does, the most- prominent doctrines of the Church in an interesting manner, no better book could be placed in the hands of the y oung; or of any person desirous vpf obtaining a-- cor- - ;; nt : . more than tfiat which is for the proierad-vanceme- ut and development. of youth.; ; ill-restrai- ned ; hundred-thousand-fol- ; -- d : - v' self-sacrific- e. -- : 5 '. . . - , .;JBut:jifter to. humanity. , ' . :; . Truth must be the standard of all happiness: The Savior when He made His appearance up-on the earth was clothed wiitb the plain simplicity of truth;- armed- with the simplo yei all sufficient power of tho Gospel. He looked at things as they were; rebuked the evils, and vices and plainly- - declared to men the true ot only- did system of greatness and glory. His teachings and life abound with facts and principles which every child could understand,' but He also promised to those whowould accept it, the Comforter, oven the Spirit of truth which it is. pii r' blessed privilege to enjoy if wo wiU live for it; and vyith the Spirit ing in our hearts, we may be.able tosodiscriml- nate between truth and error as to eventually: be guided into all truth, and securo to ourselves a fruition of eternal happiness. ; - - - -- ::: : : ;,'rV.. x -- ' B. B.- - SPENCER'S LETTEBS. TheHfth edition of the; above standard work has just been published at the Deseret News Steam Printing Establishment, where it is for Bound in cloth, embossed, $13L " This " excellent - publication,hough well known by many, should be widely circulated amODg the: LattetrdAy Saints.5 Showing as it sale. HOME AFFAIRS : " " The Beaver "Enterprise"s of Sept. 22nd, ", Tub Daily Ogden "Junction" has entered has an account of a little boy, four years old, its third year. May success continue to follow in its course. The members of the fire brigade had an excursion to Provo lately, and gave the people of that city the opportunity of beholding them in torchlight procession. 2A7moxhly meeting of the S u perin ende n ts and teachers of JBabbath Schools will bo hold during the October Conference, and i t is requested that each county in . the Territory be , v" represented. vt We Tnouainr to rr haw? givenour readers some account of the rTo6elo Imbroglio,", the name now given to thecontested election? in Tooele county; As the case is doubtless "to be t&htihued" we may refer to it again: : By private letter from Cache, we learn that sickness prevails to a great extent there, especially among the children. During the past summery deaths have been very, numerous in some localities in that county) , According to sex ton Taylor's account the death rates for the month .of September :this year are less than those ;of the same month in any other year since hehas held the office of r City Sexton. Better less than greater. ; Tite Deseret Agricultural Society has "decided to hold a stock fair at the Agricultural Parkon the 20th and 21st insjantsr There will also be races at the same place both days. This is all we hear about a "Territorial Fait" this sea X , : . & . son. . . The "Millennial Star" of September 8th this:- - "Information wanted. Margaret Lee, of Christie's Buildings, Manchester, wishes to know thejvhereabouts of Alice Christie, late of Manchester, and who emigrated to Utah in 1S61; her sister Mary Barlow is anxious J : to hear from her." John C. Graham the favorite Salt Iake actor recently returned home from England where he has been laboring as a missionary, chiefly at the ''Millennial Star" office, Liverpool. He is announced to play at the Theatre by request, on Saturday evening, October, 3rd., He will doubtless be warmly greeted by a goo J house, A select Party will be given .by the ladies of the Belief Society at the Fourteenth Ward A?embly Booms, on' Friday October 2nd. The Committee, Mesdames' M; 1 Hofne, J. C. has , . happiness is one of the eternal promises of God , . . BicharooniWst, named George Lish, being lost among th hills at North Star. It appears that his father had disdispatched him on an errand of no great tance, hut as hills intervened, hiding tho cabin from his sight, tne mtie ieiiow lost ma wjr ouu wandered for nearly two days and, a iiight . renrz: amongiheluJIsLtoentyrfiy eZmen after th : and rrnd in tho search for him. was greater part of the second day had passed he found almost perishing Willi laugue, nuuger nnd thirst. Be careful parents, don't send your Drecious little charges on missions of too great unlrtancefbrl fr seems that fishing this seassn has becomo a mania with some people in these parts; but whether tley "fish for want of food or for want nf nthnr rmnlovniont is a question. IThe other day two gentlemen, pleasure eeekeri doubtless, in this eitv. were seen to stop at a little pool made from a strramesigned for irrigating a meadow but; too low at the timeaught from in which they rode, move noiselessly tho bu"-rtowards the stream so not to frighten away the in fish, and carefully insert their of more4 one the water. Another gentleman, experience probably than the flshermen,,, told them as he passed along, that they would somelikely stand a better chance for catching on thing in the next stream. They moved ri cf jearn tereshlt hopefully and -- we didn't their dayVexploitsHSEVE&Aii sekious accidents, occasioned by teams taking fright and running away havfc recently occurred in this City.: Among the Inost lamentable may be cEronieled an ievent'which took place on the 23rd ult in which a;young man was 30 severely hurt that 4ie died" aoon after, a gentleman and lady were bbth:bidly .the bruised, a- - carriage broken in pieces-and v fish-hoo- ks ' tx'rltT . -- ' ba'dryjfntaJ young "mairnamedHBruuk wwindepi'he jnorscs teamthe gentleman and lady,:Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Woodruff were returning home from' the burial of their infant child at the..time of the accident. One of Mrs. AVoodriifrs harids was bruised sojthat the tloctora, think 'she will lose g one of her fingers. Qn the; was the '.occa this accident another-runawa- y sion of Mrs. White wife of Mr. White, th bankerr4being thrown irom a carriage and vry dangerously hurt but it is beheved not mcr ':'il v' :' injured. Wil- tally kinson and A. Cummings are efficient ladies and we doubt not, will make this, the first party of the season, a success. We wish1 all who: may participate a' pleasant evening and acknowledge a complimentary.';-.- Work on the Utah Western Bailroad is be carried and tho belief is forward, ing manfully the Istof 'Kovcmber, cars entertained that by west as Clinton's) as far lino oh this' will run from this City.- The people of this Territory be gin to realize the benefits accruing from the In irodupUonof.rallroads into the co"untry,and the event of a railroad being designed and made in Utah, is a source of. satisfaction to all who take an interest in her welfare and prosper! tj'. . Sunday school Superintendent, Mr. George GoddanI, reports that after all expenses con nected witli the Mammoth Jubilee, lately . '- . . ? ; , .Friday-followin- ; " Not All IJost. V-- A l)dnkrupt mcrcniint returning hbrne one night said .to his TTife; "My dear, I am ruined; cvpry thing j w$ have is in the hands of tho sheriffi'? ; : : r After a few moments of sllenciVtho wifo ; ,r v looked into his faco and said: . ? . :::: "Will the sheritr sell you?" V Ti - . no," "0ii, - "Will the sheriff k;limor : . ''Oh no." ' tlic "AYill sheriff sell the children?", '. - a '- v- ; oh,no. - -. ? i f '':.. :.,' every: say we have; most'aluablo remauu "Then do not thing. All that is : "t . lost to manhood, womanhood childhood. Wa have lost but tho results of ourkill and ' We am make ; another Xortano if our hearts and hands arc left us!" us In-dust- ry. f 