.1- - l:i....t - ' ... '!.-- ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE 63 erhood. However welcome that throne and her husband sometimes loses faith in her crown might be a few years or even a few also; if she discover this then her cup of jt? like months hence, she now shrinks back affrigh- despair is Indeed full. MIow many families we seefirst-bo-stricken, to not able is bear she knowiner that ted, no had. rn yet Cain a sulky, wonder think it 1 I Re Egypt With Jheloss of the the and manysmall, contemptible, suspicious discon ted disposition!; '4l Any that calmly mark to the proud and happy-motheto herein her transition statefalling, daughter of Eve, hurried into motherhood her grade of blooming children seems"! un yet rank! attendan t annoya n ces. before these lessons are well leaf ned, and all : broken, and mark the swift change on her Sheing knows one of herf dear friends' will inward tumults calmedj- need, not wonder expressive countenance as she answers with 's are al-- if the of her child bo not well a fluttering sigh, "Ah, but my lirst is dead' isay to another 'Theysaythe ready looking for an heir!" and the response balanced, and that, escaping death, it be By no means is this always the case-G- od will be "Is that true? Why, when were peevish and illtemered for life. forpid it shouia be: but it is too often so, As a remedy, all young persons, male or and leads us to wonder longingly if there they married ?" Just listen to the bitter burn veiled! cheeks insult and her scarcely female, should be thoroughly taught con- be no.possibility of discovering and removher heart beats fast over the contemplation. eernlrig the actual, everyday, homely realiing the causes of such dreadful misfortune. Shef knows ties and duties of life, for when this prosy ;they cbuht m Many suppose it to be owing1 to the young mother's inexperience and consequent mis days, seeking her confusion, and when she foundation is satisfactorily laid the beauties reflects that very small1 causes are often and poesies of Hie are easily added.- Let' managements Lthetender suIfleTelit each "Knowwharh Tor sheromlses when" ity in early infancy mistakes in feeding, on slender this and thread of that washirfgf-drcssinagreeing to mingle life with another's, and ami hours of activity pectation, chance hangs, In some degree, her reputa the trials to be Tmet, that thorhusband may tion, is it any wonder that her already tight not expeetall the ('adaptation,'! the: fitting Doubtless thereismueh elusions at least we dare not deny it while ly tensioned nerves almost snap asunder, or ones nature to the grooves of another's, to , that her fancy exaggerates the evils which come from, the wife; nor the wife expect tho ohtemiIating carr t his condition h usband al ways to go singingj songs to the see m t ft eafetf her ' inexperience which are allowed to embark of overt(f " T. wrought anxiety fail to injure 'the moon or quoting rhymes to her eyes. in this greatesibeyond comparison of huhelpless and passive Let the wife bo her own judge concerning man enterprisesthe launching of immortal constitution of her ' iJ;L:;:l:C'r-Ther own fitness. and readiness to undertake souls for the voyage of Jife on the ocean "of charge?-- -I an I knew expectant young mother who the duties of motherhood, so lovely, and so Eternity. one who should have been her alluring to every contented; beloved wife. . overheard But the never failing fountain of tenderness which the advent of a child opens in friend, wondering if she did not suppose "Last, though not least," I would rccora-- . the mother's soul, destroys all awkwardness; herself so great an invalid that she must go mend all' third parties strictly to refrain from meddling with the affairs pf the young all weariness, all heedlessness at one lave of to bed every day. so reshocked by the unfeeling She was matrimonial vovaerers until called on for its pure waters. Though th is instinct canin so sufL. L. D. their assistance. not quite supply the place of understanding mark, disappointed her friend, and so to resentment rise fered her high, that by teaching and experience, it is acquired suffered-herseonce to lie down never she lf in many casesaallsufficientrsubstitutef ; A SCHOLAR'S WORDS. The mother's sudden and keen, realization in tho daytime though she trembled with of boundless, yet happy, responsibility has weakness or panted with weariness. FoolDean Stanley of Westminister, in liisHis- been said and sung too often to need repeti- ish! to be. sure, but perfectly natural; and she tasked her; child's tion; but the 'greatpity is that;: beau Uful who daresasdeny that as tory .of the Eastern Church, Lecture L, and her her own, severely by strength should it be a it considered though be, per 's says: fect guide: and it must be so considered, foolishness lessened its power to resist accidents and ailments? There can be no question that the original j udging from , the fact that none but acci Oh! do inevitable see who the earth any heaped over fbrrn: of baptism the yerv meaning of the dental preparation is ever made before as first-bor- n of cold the ever; ask in word was complete; emersion in the deep the clay suming such high and holy duties. n "Have I ever in any baptismal waters; and that for at least four However, much as I lament this fact and secret ccnturier any other form was either uncondemn such practice, I do "not for one rao such way helped to dig this grave?" . enters upon her wife known o regarded, unless in the "case of Again, the maiden ment, believe that want of proper care in eroneous ideas dangerous illness as an exceptional, almost infancy is the most fruitful source of death and motherhood with very - I admit that inexperience, nf life pictures drawn from the pages of a monstrous case. To this form the Eastern to the romance and fiction. One particular mis- Church still rigidly, adheres; and the most ignorance is the cause, but I consider the fiflftots nf thftt inmrnpriAriPA hdfnra f I'm rlotr chievous sentence often found in such illustrious and venerable portion cf itj that FIRST-BOR- N. 1 ' i ? - --s- n life-forc- es 5 . . , : -- g, I r rOf . 1 -r- . ; - j . ! . . . child-hood- . ;t'i r 5 self-examin- ati 1 : - first-bor- n. - . washlng-andMlressing-io- -be baleful than later. Were it not so, why should the poor washerwoman's neglected baby, which creeps through puddles of suds and eats all manner of improper things, live and thrive when others pino away under the best of care? A worm at the root of a tree will kill it when on its remote twigs it " would not bo felt. : There are a thousand adverse circumstances attending the advent of the which come not again; and it is to a few of tnese Iwould call the attention of mothers :'': present and prospective. " To take thi ngs in th eirrproperorider begin with the timid, ignorant young bride entering her . new life, like a lamb Into unknown pasture, knowing not what may befall ; or li ke a rare , plan t transplanted into alien soil, drooping, fainting, dying for a (lewdrop of comfort, a friendly shade from the too ardent sun of criticism. The most delicate and sensitive organization is, under happy conditions, best qualified to endow a new life with proper attributes of mind and body; but it also suffers most keenly and is most injured by whatever is unfavorable. With these facts in view, Imagine the situation when,, perhaps before! the. lamb learns that the new abode is home, or the plant has time to take root and rise erect, she finds herselfr and in all probability the throne of moth- first-bor- n, ' ;-- ; between the devoted one hasty word." never passe-pair had Now this world's children are but human, and pass! ng ind Isposi tion may call forth, a hasty word, while accidental misunder standings are apt to jld so. t But she, fully imbued With the beautiful fable that love completely eradicates; "instead' of only Improving, the inferior parts of human nature, goes to her hew life determined that her ! , happiness shall be unclouded because that fatal first word shall never bo spoken. Im- agine, then, her despair when she learns that both she and her husband fall far short of her fairjjut imaginable ideals j The pettish, the ti word Is spoken; and sherror unsophisticated dove, thinks her life a failure and her happinessa complete vvreck. She Is disappointed both in herself and in her husband. She.finds him less yielding now to her reasonable wishes, and less careful of her actual needs than once he was do her whims and of her pleasures. Although she might have found these things endurable had she expected and prepared for them, in her ignorance sho takes it or proof that ho does not love her, and grie ves accordingly. Sheflnds herself les3 guarded both, in words and actions than" she intended to be, loses faith in her own disposition, and broods and the unlooked over her for difficulties in the way of happiness until ! , ; - ; self-searchi- ng ofthe Byzantine Empire absolutely repu. and diates ignores any other mode of ad-- " ministration as essentially invalid. - The Latin Church has wholly altered: tlie mode, and, with the two exceptions of the Cathedral of Milan and the sect of the Baptists, a few drops of water are now the Western substitute for. the three-fol- d plunge into the rushing rivers or.the wild baptistries of the r East. ; - i - - There is an inevitable ; . law of nature, or Providence, which makes it impossible for i us to disregard any obligation, or any act of duty, without suffering injury' in our moral, physical, or spiritual nature. Life Is given to us as a means of education and discipline, and not as a mere means of gratifying self propensities, and when two people obey the -divine ordinance, and marry, they take up- oh. themselves new and' weighty responsi- - ;: future busl- - . bilities, which it should bo the ' ness of their lives" to fufilL The shirking of these obligations is not altogether the fault of women.; Pride and the love of pleas- - , ure operate quite as strongly with men, and induce them to sacrifice domestic life, the love of home, and even of children, to what are called social and business necessities. But the reckoning day comes," and 'the" sum " total,' when It Is figured op, shows a wasted life, prematura death, or an old ago of' and discontent. , ? ro-mo- ' - rs? 