i! WOMAN'S' EXPONE NT . tion was passed to grant, as far as the laws wilt rapidly enough for the satisfaction or some. Let such be patient, and remember that the admit, the solicitations therein otlerea. world was not made in one day. and that all "T the Mayorand "City" Council of Salt pake large bodies necessarily move slowly. It should , City. be realized by all who are Interested, that but fcfcct "GentlemenlYou will all admit the little is likely to be accomplished' in this, the is in traffic spirituous liquor jfirst year of general movements. that the present h demoralizing to society. .Through those are connected with drinking sa and none should be discouraged because of not loons:: the' unsuspecting, and especially .the being called immediately into action. Let pernicious each one be in readiness, and gradually tke young, are exposed to and acquire me 01 me to aeirimeut nmug best abilities of all will be brought to lighaud habits greatly be not need causes which From generation. ' V' introduced put to use. has been evil this herein stated, from has been, into our midst, and its increase Tiie Bear Lake Monster, of which much to apparent. fearfully year year, "To you, City Fathers, we look and fervently has been heard and written, is again described; evil, this time by Bishop William Budge, of Paris appeal for the remedy against this growing soul Oneida to both destructive this blighting traffic, County, Idaho, who saw the creature co-opera- tive influ-whf- , ' ' : Logan we found, apparently just slipping off the last remnants of her Winter garb, and adorning herself in lovely Spring ha biliments. r t; ' ,' Arriving at S., one attraction in particular drew my attention; that was tho beautiful, dear stream of water which flows th roughs I should judge, about the center of the settlement, Tho banks of this stream, shaded, as they are on either side with tall, waving trees, form localities which are pleasant enough to satisfy the most fastidi ous... . Altogether, S. has a very pleasing loca tion, situated at the foot of the mountain, and is decidedly a most agreeable place for y I attended meeting, rusticating. passing a very com fortablo Sabbath. As a -th MHoweverlaieitnezrevenueoafreaW.r afEotmore face : and part of its head were speciality I might f makeanientlori onthe for He says "Its may receive from the issuing of licenses g child ren I have noticed. this polluting trade, we ask, what is that, in distinctly seen, covered with fur, or short hair many into S. of Very Eespoctfully comparison with 7 the high considerationnow t snuft color. The face of the animal since coming a of llgh C. II. IL intellect" Godlike moral worth and manlv. Yours. the between verv wide was nnnnrentlv flat, influx i j being drawn into nets rife with poisonous ences? Viewing it as a pestilential aisease, eyes and tapering to the no?e, with very full which demands a speedy and powerful check, large eyes and prominent ears, resembling DIVEBSlONS. Me, the undersigned women of Salt Lake City, thbse of a horse, but scarcelv as " Ions:. The do herein earnestly petition your- - honorable board that you will not license the sale of in- whole face, in shape, was like that of ft fox, "Watts on the mind?" Too often nothbut so 'large that the space between tne eyes ing. toxicating drink. ;j ; confident that feel to we the "In appealing you between distance of the eyes that equaled A legal tender. -- A lawyer minding his we are pleading with men of upright conscien- of a common cow. It did not look ferocious, ...... ces; men of intelligence and sound judgment; .. J to go, but kept moving baby. no was in and hurry considerate and men, thoughtful reflecting out of tho windwo who regard the welfare of society; men to slowly, then diving again, came up and moved whom words need not be multiplied, and to off into the Lake as fast as a man could walk:' what does he always fall against? Against whom, therefore, we cheerfully and respect- By giving attention to the above description, his inclination. fully submit this petition. the managers of the Salt Lake Theatre may be A Yankee lady pictures a good man as "Salt Lake Citv, enabled to make eome corrections in their, not ''one who is keerful of his clothes, don't "May 17th, 1874." Four thousand ladies of this city who affixed altogether faultless representation of this sin drink sperits, kin read the bibil 'thout spell-ithe wordsy and kin eat a cold dinner on their names to the above petition, are gratified gular animal, la the grand Christmas effection, wash day to save ths wimm in folks from with, and thank the City Fathers for the kind "Nymph ot the Lurleburg." cookin'." attention which it has received. They also still trust Implicitly, that all that can be, will be The folio wing colloquy was Lonely, behalf crood done lo accomnlish the design in overheard by a lady: OFF ON A VISIT. of which this step has been taken. Sighing lover (before the kitchen): "Is it Smithfield, May 17th, 1874. lonely ye are there without me?" A voice within replies: "Not at all, Henry W Editor Woman's Exponent; NOTICE. Dear Sister: I left S. L. pity on the 11th lie's been here for an hour." instjfora short visit to the"delightful north." A Frenchman being about to moyo his Silk Worm EaGS I have some forty On the cars, coming up, I had the pleasure shop, his landlord inquired the reason, statounces of silk worm eggs and a large number of making a number of new acquaintances, ing at the same time that it was considered of mulberry trees, and the Sisters who wish to through the courtesy of Miss C, which add- a very good stand for business. The Frenchraise silk are welcome to the eggs and to gather ed much to the enjoyment of my journey. "Oh, yes, he's a vary good the leaves for feeding. Those wishing the eggs, When we arrived at Ogden, it was rain- man replied: stand for zo business. Me stand all day; are requested to call immediately. rendered which cars, tierchanging.of ing, for nobody como to mak.memovo.".j; Brigiiam Young. not very agreeable. And upon reaching tho cars which were designed to take U3 to Served him rig jit. "I say, conductor, g our place of destination, we found them al- do you know that lady there, HOME AFFAIRS. to a filled a book?" result with overflowing; ready Conference of haying closed the "Yes. t havo seen her a few times." By ntivATE communication from Mrs. M. A. doubtless, afternoon. While contemplating "By Jove, she's splendid!" Maughan of Logan Cache Co., dated May 25th, previous condition of things, this rather unexpected "Yes, I think she Is." we are Informed that scarlet fever and whoop a at to loss somewhat know and feeling "I would liko to occupy the seat with of children the are among cough prevalent . ing how we, Mis3 C. and myself, were to be her." that city and adjacent settlements. Weatner provided for, the thought was suggested "Why don't you ask her?" bloom. full in trees warm, extremely of orthat we might occupy the platform; which "I don't know but it would be but "" r 7 From the "Utah Poniologist," of St. George, we did in preference to remaining in Ogden der."-"It would not if she was. willing to havo we learn that grain and vegetables are putting over night. on this "stand" the "platform,'? you occupy it Of course you claim to Bo a. By taking on their best appearance in that Southern counonly convenient one which presented gentleman?" try, and that they have been planted in grea- (the itself,) we had an excellent opportunity of "0, certainly, If you are acquainted with ter breadth ibis season than in any other year. viewing the country through which we give me arfintroduction; that Is, if you Light frosts have injured the fruit a little, traveled. Tho meadows and fields, looking her, have no objection." particularly the apricots in some localities. delightfully fresh and green after the little "Certainly not." " to the Fixing his hair,mustacho and whiskers in This day, June 1st, we mav mark as a mem- shower of rain, atlded wonderfully altoan- surrounding "scenery, which, taken becoming style, ho followed tho conductor, orable one. Besides being the seventy-thir- d to source me a of was lively pleas- whoron reaching the seat where the .lady of President Brlgham gether, niversary of the birth-da- y ure. majestic cliffy, towering to sat, said, with a peculiar twinkle in his eye: Young, it has been set apart for the citizens of tho Grand, of New York, who assky their tall peaks covered with snow, "My wife, Mr. Salt Lake and the soldiery of Camp Douglas to rangdywith the open ground sures rae that ho will die before n reaching celebrate as "Decoration Day and Is also the contrasted we" were travelings Bocky "arid Detrolt'lf he "does not form over which second anniversary of the birthday of the as those rugged mountains ap- tance." dangerous Woman's Exponent. feels while gazing upon them, one The gentleman stammered, stuttered, pear, yet broad to ascend their and : steep, sides, B ranches. o F 7 1 h e United Order ; are being that grow red in the face, muttered out some some spot where mor- excuse, and returned to his seat, leaving organized in the. liferent wards of. this city, to reach, perchance, and in other settlements throughout the Terri- tal foot had never trod before, would bo a the lady, in company with her husband, to and invigorating exercise. enjoy the joke. tory. Apparently, the work does not progress charming . To-da- g.nnd-hQdyi-r-- ;" good-lookin- r . -- , ' ; n' . -- , t-- good-lookin- - . V -- -- your-acquai- 4 . 