. V'-- ; , PHILANTHROPY BETTER THAN j . : ; PHILOSOPHY. By Blanche Beechwood. " : - : VI pray thee, then, , Joves as Write me, one, who his fellow men. ; Lkigh Hust. ' ; " ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - . r . enlightened nineteenth cen-- , tury when the arts and sciences have attained suclv unparalled perfection, and know-- ; Pledge pours forth in such voluminous with the great majority of mankind, the head takes the precedence of the heart. , Men and women are judged, estimated, weiehed. according to their mental endow- - la this the tor-en- ts as a spontaneous appreciation of the beautiful, arid that divine influence which fills the soul with love and gratitude; that sensibility of feeling; which Is able to discriminate so minutely in matters pertaining to the heart. Sympathy is the "golden key" Which unlocks the treasures of the soul; and this depends not upon philosophy, or any mental training; but -upon an intuitive vividness and warmth of affection that quickens thought arid imagination, into something unerring as instinct; a love for one fellow beings, that overwhelms the bitter with the "sweet, and makes : justice glow with pity, through a deeper faith and a larger hope in God and man, with which entsthejr injliectuumentcrJheif iieasoningorphUcph for business; in snort the Drain is capacity which stamp3lhe true jpiianthroplst. ih.O person irrespective of the heart. Strange MMtkoityJIarcJh 24thl874: when Chrisu IeeT . bahneWiighihat the Savior in whom they implicitly belive, and whose divine life and blameless character they take as a standard of perfect excellence. Who in all His sayings and among the children of men, rarely alluded to the intellect, while He continually appealed to the heart and spirit. Who chose for his disciples; poor, and illiterate fishermen; and exhorted at all times, to works of benevolence and charity. Who proved beyond the shadow of a doubt, in His life, His works and His sufferings, that St. Paul tells us, He loved His fellow-methat though we possess all knowledge and, all power, and have not charity it profiteth nothing. Also that knowledge vanisheth away but charity. abideth. - r The exclusive cultivation of the intellect and the constant process of reasoning, bringing to bear continued supplies of knowledge, may make an accomplished scholar, a brilliant orator, a profound logician, or a stoical philosopher; but these advantages, or benefits are too often gained at the expense of the soul. Shakespeare says, min-isterin- gs n. jj FLOWERS. Books,like friends may be few but should v be well chosen. i t; ; - 7 : In prosperity we need moderation f in ad- versity, patience. Nature vvy: iM-;'- where grows men I sometimes she grows nothing else. the habits of Industry, punctuality, neatness,candor and .. cheerfulness. When estimating the worth of men, keep a guard upon your judgment, that it be not biased by wealth nor splendor. LEASjEarising frbm the porformancol of a good aeEwiircontinuo:as longr aiimemo- -: rjr and reflection last. That state of life is' most happy where . superfluities are not required and necessaries are riot wanting. d Kino words jnakel fpeoplef Though they do not cost much, yet they i accomplish much. Pascal. -:- :: ? There is something in parting that softens the heart;- -it is as if wo had never felt how unutterably dear a beloved one could be, -. till Wo are about to part for ever. A good and safe rule to walk by is to bo severe and right in judging ourselves, and to be very meek and charitable to our brother. "Let no man deceive himself," says Petrarch, "by thinking that tho contagions of the soul are less than those of the body. They are yet greater, they sink deeper, and come on more unexpectedly." Is only a Morality without religion" kind of dead reckoning, an endeavor to And our placo on a cloudy sea by measuring the d istahco wo have to run, but without les.- any observation of the heavenly :,v v; A ' IjongWlow. to live after the It is easy in theItworld is easy in solitude to world's opinion. live after out own. But the great man Is he, who, in the midst of the crowd, keeps, with perfect sweetness, the independence of his character. Emerson. HorE is Itself a species of happiness, and perhaps the chief happiness which this world affords; but like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed, the excess of hope must bo expiated by pain, and expectations improperly indulged, - must end in disap; ,'r l....:.: pointment. ' WhenIwo have come to understand the reason why we live, and distinctly perceive the end and aim of existence here on earth, the it will be a pleasant task to trace back congoodness path by which the Divinethat all was wisducted us, and to observe t: . i dom and love. . 7 Your true religious life consists in standing where God has put you, and exerin cising Christian qualities. It consists in manifestpity where pity is called for; in ing patience where patience is required; is exhibiting gentleness where gentleness needed. H. W, Bcccher. A knight in the time of Charlemagne, death-bedesired finding himself on- his that his hereditary enemy, over tho .Bhine, his epitaph. might Ko asked to compose to the merciful be The other wrote, ."God ' von ; brave, generous, soul of Sir ncble in his life and in his death. I, Sir W enemy, Bay these words, von' and I grave them in the stone, that the tearsof his frionds rnay with less easo obliterate them." Cultivate per-soveren- " . , people :who profess, to be thoroughly versed in the New Testament, so run, counter to the teachings of - : LITTLE FOLKS. 7SAM:irsaid orie little urchin to another "does your schoolmaster ever give you a reward of merit?" "I spoje ho does," was therejoinder, "he gives me a licking every day, and says I merit two." A little boy the other day was put into long trowsers for the first time. Some one asked him why ho had changed? "Well," he replied "the boys made fun of me, and I wasn't going to wear my pants at half-mast any longer." .Boston girl joyfully assured her A mother, the other day, that she had found but where they made horses She had "seen a man in the shop just finishing one of them, for he was nailing on his last foot" Not so far. wrong as some persons suppose. "Get out of my way Jtffiat are you good for!" said a cross old man, to a bright-eye- d little boy who happened to stand in his way. "Well" said the little fellow, as he stepped one side, "I believe they make men out of ------ little such things as we are." - A school-b-o Yf having jvery "There are more thinrs In heaven and earth. helped another in a difficult ciphering Than are dreamt of i In our philosophy? lesson, was angrily questioned by the mas; L... Thenwe cannot be .. too careful, that ter, : ennot. we do '. while we cultivate the mind, "Why did you work his lesson?" wo that the rich it by Impoverishing heart; "To lessen his work, stimulate to action the sentiments, the sympathies and all those finer feelings which miss in MilA certain little courtesies and "kindnesses little the prompt waukee is very fond of sausages. A few make life so pleasant and desirable that ' so near akin to heaven. Let us examine nights since, as she was saying the Lord's prayer, she stopped as she repeated the peourselves, and see what "spirit we are of" tition, "Give us this day our dally bread?" whether we are living for a noble pur- and don't he give sausages, asked,"Mamma, or whether pose, to benefit our fellow-men-; too?" we are lifted up in the pride of our boasted '' i7ittle Luluwas not philosophical. Two knowledge,forgetful of; that God who liveth oni ennotnth still, an insniratfon in the or three hours after eating a hearty dinner heart to bo the food of the innerllfe, a of succotash, she complained of the stomachwhich -ache. "Perhaps"? suggested the mother, spirit which, communes forever;does all "the succotash you ate is troubling, you." teaches, pleads, rebukes, comforts, that is involved in the manifold word "Par- "Oh no, mamma she replied,, it isn't that it's ever so for below the succotash.".. . aclete." A well of living water springing musiup continually, if we but listen to its some Discerning child (who has heard, cal flow, that we may draw from it always made by papa) : " Aro you our new afresh for every variety of circumstance, remarks " nurse?" i for and every for occasion sympathy, ' Nurse: every . "Yes, dear." us. to comes which heart thirsty Child: "Well, then, I'm one of those " The tastes, the feelings,- - the sentiments, who can only bo managed by kindness; the affections, are more absolutely tho per- boys so you had better get some sponge cake and son than either intellectual attainments or -oranges at once." position in society; and yet we oftenandpass acby and' totally ignore the true coin; cept the mere outside trapping, tho gilding, The Empress of Germany has sent to the and by these, estimate character, whereas, reading-rooof the Cooper Union, New they are at best,butfragmentary evidence."" the vaexhibiting 'photographs of York, apforty quickness shrewdness, Smartness, so rious instrument?, and apparatus prehension, .and a tact for business are used carriages, wuuu-by tho Prussian Sanatary Commisiion mouuru tne esteemea t by highly not half so valuable to a human being! in tho war with France. good-natured- ly - . five-year-o- ld ' . -- t m' .. .. - good-nature- ; ; : " . ? d, - 1 ce, 