I WOMAN'S EXPONENT 180 For tho "Exvqxevt. yNATUtlE. l Thou, beauteous Nature, art my worthy them': But language falls me when Ifingr thy praise: My soul is full It has no words to tell Hor, at thy blessed shrine I find a God. ; What rapture swells mv heart aod thrills my velds With admiration when on thee I gaze! For In thy beauties, ever new and strange, : -jind wonderfuirmy God, 1 ean discern In every leaf and flower and clinging vine, In running brook and ri U my Go J I see; In winds that moan and wall in thunder peak In ocean's angry waves, I hear His voice. So In the zephyrs, with their soft embrace balmy breath of Spring, I feci film near. In flowery vales, in mountains, glens and streams In rugged rocksr and caves, and mwlnzlteislJ In sunset scenes, and ever varying skies, Each day, new beauties live, to charm my sight. r Whatever changing garb thou .e'er might don,"7 more love more. and thee I only , Nature, -- Roll on, ye thunders, and ye lightnings flas- hBreak o'er thy crags, O sea ye winds moan on: Ye cannot strike one pang of trembling dread Through this fond heart oOnlne, that knovrs no fear; I or I love Ood, and trust his love for mc. He may chastise, but yet, I still, shall feel, 'Twas rightly done "He docth all things well." O Nature that with thee, I more could dwell. To keep my soul from earthly dross and sin; T hat I might thus bo bless'd and purified And God, my Father, ne'er forget, or grieve; And everywhere I chance to turn my eyes, Tn all Ills glorious works, behold my Gcd S. L.City, ; - i iV ; . J. t V ' ... , -- of-unspe- akable -.r 4 - . E. D. From Springville, April 20th, 1874 Our Society has enjoyed several pleasing and instructive meetings during Sister Z. D. Young's visit We appreciate her kind words of counsel and comfort, which will be long remembered. We have organized a plain and needle-worfancy knitting, chrochet, em articles made to be sold in the broidery, &c, Relief Societies Store;, Jhe profits derived therefrom, to enlarge the Society's Funds for the benefit of the sick 4 and the. needy. , . Cynthia Clyde, President, Ha'nnah Harrison, ) n - . wIs k, Co-operati- - ,- It. 8. REPORTS. schoijl-iQjtejiheoung- mal kingdom. ' Tho human body is made up or hard or solid parts, jsuch as the bones 18741 and the teeth; of soft parts, such as the : South Cotton wood, April 21st) Mrs; L. Greene Richards: muscles, the brain, c., and iof fluids, such Tho 1nrri said he would help them that as tho blood. It is said that God formed would help thcinseives. So I have put faith man out of the d ust of t hcTearth 1 and wToh- enniifrh in Him to trv and write a little. I derfully do the minute atoms of the earth's think by trying to say something to my sis- - surface most perfectly correspond with the ters through our exponent i snau oe west, materials of which the human body is comand given knowledge and light, that I may posed.- In no living body has any element. be able to give a little advice, or say some- yet been found which does not also exist in thing that will be of use to some one. When the very matter on which we tread. Else we get upon our feet to bear testimony, in a how could man return to his mother earth, meeting, we feel incapable of saying any-thi- n from, which he was taken? The .earth was cr that will do crood. I believe that is created first, as an habitation for man. Not U the very reasonwhy--w immediately, bu t grMuallywasi fcfit tedup for man's d welli ng place; and when Mho thing that will be the gifts time came for the creat ion of man, God put our faith in God:and cultivate which'He has givea us, we may become caused that he should partake of the nature cood sneakers and perhaps -- erood writers. If of the earth, that there might exist a rela trust in God., whatever we ask tionship between the earth and the man wft " trnlv Him Tor. with a nehteous desire He wil whom He designed for it3 inhabi tahtl This grant. It is right for us to seek to bui subject is an exhaustiess one, and to me, one to each other, instruct and each other up, interest and: .Ijshabe try : God bless all who seek - to keep His laws to contribute some of my thoughts pleased E. E. D. it from time to time, hoping concerning that by so doing I may, at least draw the attention of some, and awaken an interFor the Exponent. est for a most useful study which I consider ' OI AN, KNOW THYSELF." i has been very much neglected. rEWATMOirGiT.T There are many people who are very ig Salt Lake City. norant of that injunction, "Know thyself." I love the study of nature for it leads to na HOME TALK. ture's God. No'study is to mq more inter the that sublime than one, machinery esting of the human system. So complicated, so "What ponderous thought is occupying ingeniously fitted up, as a; tabernacle for the your mind now, sweet one?" asked a fond of her young daughter. spirit to dwell in! This is the place for the mother ' to Inhabit while preparing immortal spirit "I was trying to think, mother, why it is for those higher regions where knowledge that my head feels so comfortable; so peris gained without so much laborious study, fectly at' ease in aunt Weils' square room. and every branch is learned-sperfectly and It cannot be heraffectionate influence over so easily that it" does not take years to ac me, because there are many f riends I love complish almost nothing, as it does here. as well as I do her. Can you till me what it Still. I am thankful for what little I have can be mother?" !f "' rrv as notice And ever: I learned. grow, older, daily, "Perhaps I can. Did you thirst more and more after knowledge. that no two windows in your aunt's room There is no study more interesting to me or are opposite each other? Thus the rays of more beneficial to every one, than that of light which: illuminate it, through not. be Physiology, which teaches of man, the mas ing direct are not so powerful and; oppresand the likeness of the sive to the brain as they would be otherr er piece Deity. It was what I learned of this study, "Oh! how plain' that seems to me now when a frirl. over forty years aero, that has vept me from doing things that would offend mother. But why are .not all houses so hat great Architect who framed this case- - built?" merit of flesh and bones, which baffles hu "Perhaps, my child, the present r style of man skill and irierenuity. We should learn architecture governs in this matter. But of what elements these bodies are composed, look still further. In the summer-tim- e how they are nourished, preserved and con when our systems yield tof; the enervating inually built up.And washould consider influence of the heated atmosphere, how well tho importance of properly understand kindly has our Heavenly Father arranged, ng, in order that we may properly provide that solid or dark colors are immediately g for. these living temples of living souls, than around us, for the of our eyes. which there is nothing greater or grander, while as we faise them to look into the dissave the Creator himself. tance, lighter shades are; blended, that, our nature is into of divided three world The sight may be strengthened as well as inter kingdoms the animal, the vegetable and ested by looking through an equalized at he mineral. All within these three king mosphere." doms is again divided into, either living "I see ma, and that is why you always pre ' matter. has A mineral bodies or dead fer to have light curtains across our win A fixed nor life neither arrangement. vege dows, so that the room may not be shaded table has both: so also has an animal, and above and light below." n a still higher degree. This distinction "Exactly so my child. Now learn from between animal and vegetable structures, this to arrancre even your bedroom with and mineral substances between living hought and design. I see our friends are dead matter, .is,, in coming now,;butjv;e will talk again some bod iesand -- masse.-of some instances not very easy to trace, ana time. ; Azuretta. most ' fixed is a and certain. For it 1874. long yet Washington, April, ime coral Was thought to be nothing more han a mineral; but when on examination, it was found to bo Ji growth.it was taken : A man out rest brags that all the furni-ur- e from the mineral into tho vegetable king and flooring in his house is made dom; and still more recently, having been of live oak. but his wlfewho.does the hard discovered to boa congeries of animals, it work of the house, says it's nothing but ha3 been recognized as belonging to the ani scrub oak. WOMAN'S VOICE. ve IA. . o ; ; of-creati- ! on Hannah Carter, Secretary, ' Sarah L. Mendcnhall, Treasurer. - EniRAiM, April 2Gth 1874, Editor Exponent: The Ephraim Branch Relief Society held its yearly meeting on Thursday, April 2nd. Tho transactions of the year were reviewed, Secretary's and Treasurer's "reports read, showing the Society to be in a prosperous condition. This branch of the Relief Societies was organized on tho first of April, 1SG9. Since which time, the receipts have , been as follows: For the year ending April 1st, 1870, $443.40 " April 1st, 1871, 3G1.18 " April 1st, 1872, 1085.06 " " April 1st, J 874, 121G.95 Exclusive of this, are the profits obtained from tho Sunday Eggs which are devoted the poor from Scandinavia; amounting to...................... $1328.90 Makinga total of ..;...;....n.......$04G8.64 Mha sisters havo 'alsoTUoratedl3Slbsbf " ese, value $34.50, butter, eggs, &c, untingto$50 to assist in building the l George Temple; and purchased a Sacra-a' Service which cost $114. Agnes S. Armstrong, Secretary. - V singular fact to-morr- ow, To-da- y -- r will be " , . well-bein- ' " 