you ILLT 2. AKE CIT YrUTAIIMAKCir 11874. No. 19. tioh without representation thouglirshe-eoul- d hardlyiwait istyranuyor Ffel- with the gentlemen who. said so a hundred to be issued. We would li The father of the noted and wprthy years ago?" These questions are very sug- inghuyson, or the Salt Lake correspondent of the "New North West" to inform us why Florence Nightingale, died recently, at his gestive Who will answer them this lady should be disfranchised. residence, Embly Manor, near Romsey, Eng-lanJournal of The "Axceiucan Education" He was in the "eightieth year of his is published monthly by E. N. Andrews, at zlNiTimTecn tlpu Wish ed Autobiography age. of John Stuart Mill, M. P. he has declared almost his entiro life a disappointment. is to be: compiled- - 4hd published; Every appearance, and being devoted to; the cause His father, who had beeli Ted ucatea o story has sides, and both may be of education, aims to bo a popular as well hTsfry but be as profesioiial Tperiodical-usefulto;thteacher. At three years of acre the child was profitable .coiisldere. teacher, the school officer and all friends of put to studying Greek, and at eight he had Disraeli formally accepted the Pre- education.: ' : r read most oft he renowned G reek works. "ron of the 18tlr ulfcand miership .England So his life and studies were continued; really HE CALiFdRNtA State Legislature lias Gladstone, who has for some years held the but pleasant and happy to himself. bio. Ao anything office passediabiUiakiiig-'omeiieIi- gi He tells how he was disappointed "In his z School offices. The same step has been pre"stone" has been so cast.. s, in his in so- bv- - several- - other states; and vious! v taken When people feel like finding fault with" this clety info which he had ceased to go, iirhis of considerable favor woman's in is work which has been accomplished by father's opinions, in his own, in his political . If she is competent to ; instruct abilities, others, they should reflect before giving an the vouth of our land, should she hot cer- - efforts, in Parliament, in tho philosophical done bet in theworkingmen, in tho Uoardon opinion, whether they could have of sufficient intelligence radicals, be ' possessed tainly which Jie worked all his lifcy in thcr reforms ter themselves. in voice tha arrangements tQ.jgntuleheMoa Siiw effected ; i n every thi ng wi th which The summit of the Jungfrau mountain in or laws by which the schools oT our country he his life was associated except his fellowship Switzerland, has been attained by an Ameri- are to be governed? in feeling and labor with his wife, and that can ladv which is considered a perilous feat A telegram from Erie, Penn., gives for only seven years." Sad failure of a life, to Derform. Miss Brewood s the name of the following item of news: "The wife of one of honor and affluence, yet with no satthe lady who has thus distinguished herself. Ezra Cooper, one of the wealthiest men in isfaction in it, for the man to whom it wa3 on, suspic kindly lent. Parents who are ambitious for The Editorial contributor of the "Wo- this country, was arrested y man's Journal" writes that "In London, ion of having murdered a servant girl, of the future of their children, may better what was formerly called 'husband,' is now whom it is said she was jealous, imagining teach them to pray to and reverence God, a young lady's 'connubial attache.'" We there was too great an intimacy between the without ever putting a book into their hands, are not informed of what the latest style is deceased and lier husband." Another sad than to crowd their brains with all sorts of instance of the dire eflects of letting worldly knowledge in order that they may of designating a young man's better halt and not principle, take possession, of, become treat in the eyes of the world. of the and rule the human heart. The anniversary than one useful moral might The drawn rewas foundation of the Franklin Institute of Mr. Mill as given by from the New in and Cases distress, poverty Hall of Musical Fund at the cently celebrated to light himself. are York brought one being lately city Mr. Fredrick in Philadelphia. Fraley, the of theounders of the Institute was present in astonishing magnitude. Avomen from of families the limiOR AND SARCASM. and gave interesting recollection of its wealthiest and most refined of the sights city, have been so touched by establishment." have prewhich and destitution is not everybody who knows where to .suffering It warold French the MARSHAL Bazaine, sented themselvco, that they have-nonly joke, or when, or how; and whoever is ig- to Lsentenced been has: who spend jhe offered the- - contentsfCtheir purses,, and norantoitheseeonuitions nau Deneriiot-jokrior, remainder of his days as a prisoner, having clothing from their wardrobes, but some at all. A gentleman never attempts to be will grantwith as ty, didoyal services beeiTcharged have even volunteered their be humorous at the expense of people with ed the society of his family. His wife made seamstresses for the poor.' We" repeat the whom he is but slightly acquainted. In fact, the request, and the French Government words of one old lady,a recipient of mercy, it is neither good manners nor wise policy had the consideration to receive it favorably. "God bless the rich who are charitable to to ioke at anybody's expense: that is to say, to make anybody uncomfortable merely to the poor." And He will. Perhaps some of the most unconscionable Old yEsop, who was donbt- a laugh $10.-00- 0 arise men upon the American Continent 'are resihas appropriated The Legislature less the subject of many a gibe on account dents of Jersey City, N. J. It has been to the Deseret Agricultural and Manutwenty-fiv- e women, who be- facturing Society. Miss Joan M. Campbell of liis humped back, tells the whole story in hislfablo of "The Boys and the Frogs." gan the crusade against liquor in that city has been elected secretary : of the Society, What was jolly Tor the youngsters was death went to a billiard saloon, knelt and prayed, In the place of her father, Mr. It. L. Campjest may cut deeper and exhorted for half an hour without pro- bell, resigned. t Mis3 Mary L. Campbell is to the croakers. A men are so constituted than a cruse. Some ducing the desired effect. The men treated assistant secretary, and Mr. G. B. Wallace cannot take even a EDITORIAL NOTES. lie-Senat- or 4ithapera. d. AainiaMsioixi its-tw- e J....; llow-studen- fellow-laborer- ts, late i-- td-da- pas-sio- n, SEMi-centenni- al life-histor- y , . ot e tele-graphedi- hat -- them with jeers. Amendments to the Indian intercourse bill of 1855, designed to abolish, the liquor traffic among Indians, providing heavy penalties for any infraction of the law against such traffic, have been proposed. General Harney recommends the suppression of or hanging whiskey sellers them. A law by which white men could bo enforced to set Indians better examples than whiskey, might have a beneficial by-shoo- ting drinking v effect Mr. Wendell Phillips asked, at the in Boston, Women's Centennial "What -- would Sam Adams say And a New York editor farther queries, "Would he have celebrated, his famous with the ladies who declared that taxa- - - :.. tea-part- y, to-day- ?" tea-par- ty corresponding secretary. Ladies throughout the Territory should keep in view, the fact that they aredesired and expected to do their part in making the Territorial Fair for each season a success; and their works for this purpose should always be contemplated . and begun in good time. A cheerful and energetic woman of this to city whose name we have not permision chief assistant to her huspu Wish has-beband in building twohouse3. 'She said' to us, "He prepared the concrete while I laid the lower part of the house and one, of the gable ends; then wo exchanged work, and I mixed the concrete while ho finished the upper part" During the same conversation,to this lady remarked that she was so eager learn tho news of the day, it seemed as ; ' , en ; , that they friendly joke of instead and in good part, repaying it in the same light coin, will jrequito it whh contumely and insult. Never banter one of-. thi3 class, for he will brood over your badinacre lone: after you have forgotten if, and it is not prudent to incur any one's enmity for the sake of uttering a smart double entendre or a tart repartee. Ridicule, at best, is a perilous weapon. Satire however, when levelled at social follies and political evils, .is not "onl v Ieiri timater bu t : commendableIt has shamed down more abuses than were ever abolished by force or logic. PIitKitiim Jwcn nremrcd for the bridge over die Mississippi at Quincy, leiMb double-decke- d, 111. be 2,400 feet ia' Itill draw of 300 feet. .: with a 