7T 77 AN INTERESTING EXTRACT. gentleman on the floor of the house and one by another "in the gallery, bothof which From a report of the New England Woman's Tea party. were accepted by Mrt. Blackwell. . ! . T" ; ?',JT WOSlEfly" ft It is an unfailing themeld as creation 'USELESS ' i 1 119 : ; - ' ?? L i j , y , . H ' t Vt Lucy Stone reminded the women of New England that here at least they had the No doubt Adam harped on it rainy days, SI ' ' power to vote upon a question where the when there was nothing to bo donb' ai garIt is written that "Fajth without works is honor and interests ot Woman were in- dening, and perhaps he had ss6me cause for dead." You have shown "your faith by volved. complaint, for ever ihtelligent person will '.? I ask you to The resolution was then adopted by a ring-- i admit that lie was sadly taken in by that ' crowding this hall show your works by passingia resolution n g vote only - two - voices beings give n metamorphosed rib of his. which I hold in my hand. y; wherever you gOj, you hear ... "'';t against.it. i: ti : You are all aware that Woman Suffrage RESOLUTION. the same doleful story. ' has been, for several years an established whereas. A bill has been introduced into Young men are afraid to fact in the Territories of Wyoming and the Senate of the United States, by Senator the young women are so useless. . All they Utah. In Wyoming, women have voted Frelinsrhuvsen of New Jersev. which nro- - are fit for is to dress up like dolls, and sit in and thrum the helpless piano. jmdi.sery.ed on juries for four years. We ijQsActtlinchisiHh have had from year to year, the repeated to subject the women loCalF to the provisions of tho . English Common yNot thoyoung-- M testimony of (ief-J-i Kingman, of Gov. John A. Campbell and Law, as it existed before the Declaration of assuredly. other prominent citizens, that the effect of Independence, therefore mothers, bu tAVCjX SomelxKly Woman Suffrage there has been "only good and don't think so. zzjgsojE andthat continually hByoun women of N ew England, convened in Fan-eu- il wo want tho men of Laramie Co. have just signalized their of the young present day Hall to celebrate the 100th anniversary want them to BostonTea Party, hereby call upon men to be useless! Don't they approval by electing two women as members o of the Legislature, being one third of the our Senators ,an.(l Representatives y In Con- dress up and sit in the parlor! Don't - six representatives to which that County Is theiryunsunned foreheadsand' t gress to secure the defeat of tho bill, y entitled. Thatris equitable because women Col. Higginson congratulated the audience lily hands and admire tho sweep of their ( d form of the population there. In that the vote was practically a unanimous silken trails, and the glitter of their jewel- - ' a message which Gov. Campbell has just one. The two who voted against it were etih-ff art 4 f 4 tin .ooiolof n fa rf WTxrmn !n( The pretty talk that (ve hear sometimes ; very young men. Although the hour of adhe pronounces Woman Suffrage, alter Jou journment had arrived, the audience would about girls helpiug their mothers in the years trial, "an unqualified success. "mi not willingly disperse without hearing from kitchen is beautiful on parper, hut who exfront a young Utah, no evil results have followed the vo- that brave and steadfast reformer, Stephen pects any thing of J ho ' kind ' " ' nor be would of it lady? women, repealed by S. Foster. ting the vote of the people of that Territory. Baking bread, and coddling preserves, and S. Foster, said that the resistance Stephen A year ago the National Republican Plat- of the Colonists in 1773 was a plain violation sweeping, and making beds are npi conduform declared that "the republican party is of the law of the land, and urged women cive to white hands and delicate complexmindful of its obligations to the loyal women to resist the tyrannical, laws of which ions; and when it comes to washing clothes ' of America for their noble devotion to the deprive them of the ballot - He intended to and scrubbing .floors why, good gracio Us! y cause of freedom, their admission to wider resist to the last the oppression resulting that is all! y yV Into kitchens to ' men never go Young spheres of usefulness is viewed with satis- from taxation without representation. He faction, and the- honest demands of Imy class had refused to pay taxe3 on his own proper- watch their darlings makeypies and black bTicitteM6r.-additional;they don't rtgh ts should re- ty, and had said to the pflleers of 4he law, stoves anywhere out of novels; want them to! ceive respectful consideration." Yet, will it "1 have, paid the last cent of taxes volunta- want to, and the girls don't be believed that Senator Frelinghuysen, a rily that I shall ever pay to a government They all know that Maggie gobies liko'liny smut on Republican Senator, has actually introduced that puts its foot on the necks of my wife scullion without her powder; andsweat" and her face is not becoming; and a bill which makes it punishable by fine and and daughter." Mrs. Wallace, sang the "Star Spangled steam will take her hair out of curi j and imprisonment for a woman to vote, forbids her to serve on a jury , and e ven goes back Banner," the assembly joining in the chorus, strawberries and peaches, howover delicious finger to the ages and deprives after which the audience dispersed leaving they may be to the palate, put; one's 1 in 1:; hopeless mourning. every married woman in all the Territories the hall amid the inspiring strains of ends . No; the young man of the present day of her rights of person, property, children "Yankee Doodle." when he calls on the young lady, expects to and earnings, and makes her a helpless "desit in the softest corner of the sofa, and Mag-?-gi- e pendent in the house of her husband ? In is expected to bedressed like one of the express terms it subjects the women of the PRAYERS IN THE LEGISLATURE. with at least twenty ruflast fashion-plateTerritories to the provisions of the "English a bustle as large as; Common Law as it existed at the time of The "Stockton Lead or', says of the sit- fles on her dress, and Sallie's, or Jennie's, or Annie's, or' else she the Declaration of Independence." But this ting of the Legislature of California: is not all. This same bill actually passed the The most interesting event in the Senate isn't stylish. to the conversamoment You just listen a U. S. Senate last year, and would be a law, was the debate upon the motion to elect a ' they smoke if it had not been for the Suffrage Chaplain. Lane, of Santa Clara, did him- tion of our young men asclub-rooand ladies of Massachusetts. They learned the self credit by opposing .the system of pay-- , their cigars in front of their pas3 by. astounding fact, and wrote and telegraphed ing for prayers, but "declared himself a be- watch the ladiesMiss B. Dused stylish-lookin"There goes to reliable Woman Suffrage Representatives, liever in the efficacy of prayer, and would to George F, Hoar and Benjamin F. Butler, gladly join any Senator in asking a blessing girl; grooms her'hair well; dresses in game of euchre, to A. . A. Sargeant of California, to C. W. from Almighty God. Ho believed that the elegant taste; plays a tip-to- p Wiilard of Vermont, and half a dozen oth- prayers of pious men and women which too." C. ' Drab and wine-colo- r; Miss comes "There bill. defeated and the these ers, went up in closets were of more efficacy than gentlemen sescommencement striking costume; got a handsome of at this the Now, very prayers paid for iit $5 a day." Of course foot, and not afraid to show it. George! sion, Senator Frelinghuysen again brings such Christianity as that was a fellow needn't bo ashamed toBy out drive "forward this infamous bill, and in the name too unpopular with our meekminded Legiswoman of the Administration urges that !t may be lators, and a Chaplain was duly elected at a With such a stylish-lookin- g When little Miss D. passes by in her plain put upon its speedy passage. ; salary of $5 per diem. dress, with nobody's dingy hair on bu$ her; Is this the reward that Republican Sena..We recrret'this, w ...... r for the experiment was rasnion, an tors propose to confer on the women of well worth trying; to dispense with paid own, and a hat full a year behind and make remarks America for their noble devotion to the cause prayers and invite the benevolent clergymen the "fellows" stare at her, and NoahV Ark, about one's ? can l charity Jbr of Sacramento, or theStatc at large to sup- and wonder grandmother, Barnum: isn't after her. Not men who hesitate about conferring Suffrage plicate the Throne of Grace' in behalf of our" one of them says anything about the fact upon women. But I can have none for those i Representatives without hope of pecuniary that shejs a sensible woman," and has spent who seek to take it away where it is in the reward. It would have tested the zeal of and mending j full tide of successful experiment, by arbi- ministers who profess anxious solicitude for her life in the kitchen ncooking young: brothfather and for trary Congressional interference with local the safety of the unsanctified; and beside it ers her arid sisters. .Oh, no. And yet men are I call upon you therefore might not be a waste of time judging from all the time crying out that they want sensi to unite with me in the unanimous passage the record of Legislators in general if the ble women for wives. of the following resolution: players of two or three, or even a dozen holy,' Why dont they get them then? A verbal amendment was suggested by a men should ascend daily in their behalf.' SPEECH OF HENRY B. B LACK WE LU .' to-nig- ht. . . ' ". '. Now-a-day- s, i ; marry--becaus- says-it-is-the- TOh-WelryDy4k- ir nxW of-th- they-prais- e ; one-thir- : . : to-d- ay I : ; ! semi-barbaro- us , -- s, . to-da- y, m g 1 ' ; old-fashion- , ed -- !,.,-fu'f- t " . J of-freed- om have-somel- -- half-a-doze- self-governme- nt. , 