., r.f...:y...-.- v - - WOMAN'S EXPONENT.,' . - - j - - It idofcjyiti kqme.;M?$fee of bUturiipprociatibnl! M themiaud delilit . manners jn woman is "immorality.: vardriesroaye oe conupaeu, uua his flngtduche soP weU'; wbulfl:ydd comprehend his objects arid designs; VYhife'Fmight womanJrom , the amenities be forgetful that:thelntl&J'eVerIiia"'d But o i , u. their, r i kind. . .. - anaag i signer or consul glass of milkLancL some mustard, land jr sent o?a physiclany V emetics,1lihdsave(l)ier life. FoETY7of : the 1 Re v7' George Wheeler's: ibothVmea af Concord 3Ias, wrijhio0ers! -cured and cmf irififWn . ,i.,oi:acres of his grass: in one day, recently, and the champion oMho crowd was Miss tmma Providence B.vL who mowed a ' rods : long, Avhich : wiub swam twenty-flv- e . 1 gressiveeoarsessbf ameanorinayvbe indifferent pouuio j iritiu ru uuu Line worK.s oi rrecKoneu asa outurx . . -asnamo . n v7' . . , . :,- - T.!.iue,--i, uou. eu is lor Mi lrannsonmenii MHici!:.::: lsa oiucr J'jKa p . . J -- - ellemiUs, and wilkJaethe same with for women usin-relati- on we study upon theni and treasufe up knowl- men thelumpires of.society. Xtis they edge concerning theni,' we lie'ver wili be able to whom all moofod poip to appreciate and enjoy their glory - and red. vTp be a , lady moro thanto-bo- T pfinQesTA ladyr is always inV her ngh iri-jnagnaflimityUnles tlio Will of ; tho Lord concerning us, wo can alieoably worthy of respect,; to iiVtlluyV nofc'certainly know that' we are living in prince ana peasant aiiKe.,oow.. uo noi do I cordancoithcri wlth.T JJnless; wd ;seek first resinuneu io noi uave iae, luiuuisus inui af,God and Jlia righteousness need, restraint- - l)o not wlslVCtb dance vvith we ham no promise of securing to ourselves the prince uusouglit. Feel indifferently. sgood things, which are:: so J3e such that you confer honor . Carry your- wsioh, sought after and jideslrable in the self so lofty that mien will look up to y ou for . . . . .... f "t ihj. j thc-kingd- om f ttat t , t ; ! . . . . . . v- - - ' . M . . . , . . . ; . . ptoven Isentiment ypang, that the afesf. and l erice. Ho looses a largo inc;m . - . knpwfor.,iny3elfrfor-.lhav- e though am m : Kfbwg of to.be rained l0ir" "S?mlkeC?' 13 nr, WC!U?ded - SS'M"? Tdi",v'SOf vr-- -- v in- mtfl-proprle- Gd- ""r1" to , ii ; only source of true happiness;-To the editor. I am but a young be- gmner, but knowing the charity which is felt for the young 'JacU&lwfibseekta improve I feel no themseles, by the elder-siste- rs, "thisto your kind hesitancy in submitting ; ' 1 v! , ,t ;- r", hurtGail'Entpn,!:.f:'! J T , , . firis colleges imit&choqUr t which her empiroqteins.:ri presenfattho .lessosandlitriltetl .re- thatIt seems also yards.'to the pupils.. - ias Teiiiswl to shaW lier t eyebrbws blacken her teeth, a duty which is shoj.f andto - epecteu Sli aiau of J9vcryf married lady.in japan. , wcars"Ji ngl ish shoes, drives ia.coupes, 4'P? . i . In tho westerri corner of : tbe oltl burial ground in Charlston Is arsid and slate monument erected more than 'a; century and a half ago, tb tha- - niemory of n. nnhihlft woman "who Was ordained and 1 -- . n I J gra rougisn inte rpolated two'cipherd in 4he broad spread., charactera'ot the inscription,, so that i t reads 130,000. chiidrenL , , V , - s.; WOMAN'S BECOBD. r LADYMiirian AUord has .laid : the fbuh- - nouniry ot:wh1tecbmDlexions:; so named dation stonaor St. John the Evangelist, because the inhabitants there were Of, light- - - qf-eith- eria m JYes mother yi -- brought perplexing ana you were nervous; uut 5 your The New York daily papers announce the pitch. , Gaulirmociern Franco, signifies ; yel- - daughter: had her troubles t66, her sorrows were las. deep" ;as sho could - Waff ahtl before she went to Godshe:cametOiyo'U.: ;;!Sho told you of temptation which overpowered. She had. been conauered; in I he Ifight for there had been Ishe wanted confes- - death of Mary Talcottj aged. 77 years, who is described as having been for sixty years a most faithful servant" of the late Governor ) T Van Ness-- r Miss Mitchell, Professor of Astronomy fif Vassar College, is going to give a course of did ypu fill her need? - Forgetting yourself lectures on her lavoHtiTrscience, at Gothic did you, enter into her feelings and give her liall iioardmg bchool in Stanford :(Jt, dui IHa hpln jwar ihf tiarrl nlnno. vhifh will !n.ft.Anm:nninlinn1 ita.i - hrlno hV'tha'novt ? in a ir xmit nri ' rnnn-u- . ' 1 r.-f low-haire- hair characterized its Britain, the. country of as i yellow d:, first inhabitants. tin, as thero were great quantities of lead and tin found on th$ adjacent islands. ,The hich signifies Greeks called i Albion -- 1 SS,ft 7n UiVvr whftcnessof its shores, ; - ! Miss Mary Ellis, formerly Vcting Princi- HOW obsequious is the lover to every wish , lUf frfoni fKaf W.v.H.ort-Tthifl,T.n Seminary who has and look ol- - her ho ' Iovcsl lie is all devo-- ; h c;n hAnMmittPri hhf been ;Mt. Holyokor embodi-- f touring in Greece, Palestine 'and tion, all affectionin fact r feW- .With ;.iM roe n t of passionate ardor; Alas Of did you forgef the full tahle of B1fc , at the position j husbands continue to be tho loverly Even nessw wnicn uoa naa treated you, ana deal of in v--i thdUH lOvo itself rnay still cxit, it is shut j Ladyprincipal jlowa College.; ?: out to tho hungry; little one, the cold crums ' thejjli'cart :ih'at at loses Jts1, The famous Mrs. Ann Hutcfiirisbn,'whose up Vclo$Iyirjf illlV I1U iUIiyUi Wrtta ' 1HWV l you, if you did, and help you set a better relisrious notions and teachings caused such tWlllg3 of attention table in futureG61Ielpyou to keep a consternation and excitement-inthe infant kindnesses;tfi6$blittle-delicaciewhich ardnot'much'ln 'y'etjatter i cheery house in your heart for the children settlement Of Massachusetts in" 1633J became all. tio inuchiin mak'inrrthemselves, "un the sum of hu- in all their moods, in all their failings. Con first known,trusted uiid warmly loved there, man and of r Whlcli the lover w;as side'ring thyself, lest thou also be tempted because of her freely tendar.-- offices of card so happiness lavish, are'only too often forgotten or neg-'- T " Christian at Work." and skill to tho sick of her own tiex: like them.--Th- G lected by theJju&band Day.byday he beMiss Carrie J. Dresser, a teacher of , ex- - comes more absorbed in business, and tho "Beah George said an Indianapolis young perience, has achieved a success in the con turbid Stream bears him; fa'r their and farther ' ,his youth. He to Tmarry.'you. it wo servatiyejo wn of Fitch burg. The charge awfrom the romance-owoman," 'U.airi-willinof the gramrasr school there, hitherto pre- forge t3 that shewho sits by his fireside wasr Jiave to ilye on bread and water." orice a blooming roe, and ho feces WeIi,7 ;:said Ihe enthusiastic 'George sidcd'bverxUuslvelyby she" is droopi hg been given'her .and she U to receive' equal others can plainly seethat "ybii furnishf-th"bread, 'arid'- Til skirmish ' ' " '. :' '. around and try and find the water." remunemtlon for equal service. like a neglected flower. ; ; o : P-- -- of . -- the-Ver- fofgive?,', " V? y ; ' s ' " d 1 f g , ndr--wliat-.l e i : lweil-wroug- ht f ;t? J! l consideration. .When, I: ha vet become a better scholar and can writ6.jnore' intelligently, in Holborn England. 7 ion: or : than those orqmpieiiori you may publish my; name; but for. the pres- 'I Miss ' . TAfrica .signifies the land of corn, or Gray Refray'lMs left a legaby 4-ent, please call me u - : Guess Whcv - of 3001.Mary to the Charity Organization So- - parsl Jt was celebratediorits abundance of : corn and all kinds of grain. Spam, a coun- ciety of Great Jritian. ' -- TO oi raoous. or conies.. vriuw uuuutfy !wi try MOTHER. ? allow has "an for asked Victoria Queex on'cesq infested witH ftesb animals that the : 1 f . . -- ; ".".iV. i jthe :; boys fund T- -"' - u- 4 . ri ty., : H '5 : .A.nan's idea vineo --f MassachusettsBay.'1 : The Original ? inscription: probaWycreditcd her with " b"' WrIdl? babies as the trophies of her skill; f0m' in kindness, she shouldl: v , us ment. u vJ, . out somo nanu.nm mme n fS6??-- ? 4 -- : to be, lectured. on, their .manners. IMbittfhamathallthe are Unless aoyft&er IS 4 Mrs. Scott, of ,Hopo ;Cto'lcge, Michigan, THE DUtY, OF WOMEN. wanted a dose of citrate of potash, and took is the first duty of a woman to bo a strychnmq by mistake ..As soon as she atoosfcsee ness is constitutional'. Ignorance.--- , ot, elf? work in all quette istho result ;of circumstances, ..All ttio artist-a- th'tf hand and !e$re "of ; - jadyVXJooUr! pleasure lEffilflroul 83e 1 - Yould ,g , - . ' i tathqm, anddo not know tho difference be t ween a 'xrbod picture and a bad ; one Of course!I - - - " . 