increase the progress of civilization. ' The the dents of two little teeth so many years more our minus are awakened to the beauty ago. Altogether it seems as if the Jfurni-tur- o of loriaand texture(iririat initliat home had received a personality me grandeur of natural effects the less , in from long ..companionship with its owners, which things: brought staring fine from-an- y proporfibniH .be ouf- - interest iri tho-clufiler iorms and coarse textures or artificial one shop could not possess.: If this be a lit n objects and upholsterer's effects, except so tle fanciful, it iri far as they succeed imitating naturel The home should not be like the one next door, richest velvet carpet one step' inside our or the pno( round the corner,-- ' even if these door is poor ana rawary compared with the were better, burshbuld express the charac- carpet of greensward just one step outside. terof its especial intuU., AndIj would The most elaborate achievmeht in Worsted choose for its living "room , the largest, sunt embroidery would feel ashamed if set down niest room in the hoiise; I "would array, it in a patch of J uno' clover.- - The costliest with the most beautiful things our means m i isurelyrueut our-ow- ? -d- could afford; should.be.nothing Mia Indeed : beside the In it too good to be used; and if v the family hangings of. an ielegant spider on the: other comprised a man, wife and seven children, festoonjngs. QVery. . thread, of which ; the every ono of the nine should have a chance rapei)f-laceloope4iba4hi-sidefour and-ther- window-pan- e I r&t toletTiiiror:her oivnifespeakiTritpthe morning - magnificent gilded or even inlaid table, lia commmonplace In the . presence, of. a home made! jardiniere of ferns. The other day. after making a certain call, I remarked to sk friend that I had been in a very . beautiful house; in attempting to de scribe it, however, the whole Impression resolved; itself, into a remembrance of flowers in a finely-shape-d vase, of dried autumn leaves against a. softly tinted wail, and above all 01 an exquisite climbing fern, ".with which some artistic hand had adorned a pic ture frame. ...Not one ray of varnish or fjilt or any furniture shop glory could I recall. Some Turnitui'e, however, we needs' must have, and therein we should give much' at- lention to . rorms i ana colors, ana compara tiveiy little to .costilines3 of texture; bet ter an Ingrain , rag carpet, no carpet, with.Eirmony bgcolor, than all the upholstery of Solomon's temple without it. Especially should - west udyi oLour walls, - ' with rererenccto pictures.- Again, the floor- - mustlharmoriize; dbot only with tho - waiis dui wiin ino woou - wTorK in regara to whichX believe it is now. generally allowed that the grain t ?6f the" commonest : wood is more ,i beautiful than! paint; Bufc we meed not linger in truisms; one ioint only I would suggest ..in this connection; , whether it is not possible to go too far .in our denuncia-- ; tions of cheap art, as found In plaster statu- ary and eh romos? -- I mean, of course pias-te- r casts, of good marbles, and copies of good pictures; we would, all rather own the marble if we could atford it, but tho - plas tef gApollo i yes us nearly the form and spl ri t at a Tew dollars cost And in pictures, take the popular "chromo called '"Easter Morn- Ing," it is undeniably hard and raw when compared with the original, and yet enough remains bf the artist's feeling to make it a daily pleasure to its possessor. As to their decreasing in valueifor others, that feeling is "surely unworthy of :: attention. bark-covere- piano should be there, and the k; baby-hous- e, '. - out-station- s, ; Samaritan.- "': - ?J of the unskilled laborers in. New York are idle. A population of 90,000 : are really iri want. T 'Thoy have had no era-- r ployment for six months, and nono is ex r pected till spring, at soonest : lARSiiAL Biizaine is: described by the y French police as. being six. feet and a half. inch in height, stout, 05 years of age. His l his hair ferphead is t said to bo low, and . short and turning, to gray. , been made ' Experiments have recently at Liverpool with a new- - masthead light,' in tended for pecan steamers. It throws a,' fine, brilliant whi te tight, and can be seen distinctly five miles. The light is made from a powder, and is thrown through a magnify- mg glass, soraeinmg on ine uiugic-ianiuCtONE-TUiR- D . well-manage- d, iruii-ruiaiu.-- ' - ' Dear Exponent: If it is not trespassing on your generosity, I would like to speak through your columns . 1 - different societies, have established i more than 300 mission stations and and the- - number-o- f church members is variously estimated from 6,000 to 10,000. ... : nl y T f MabiA M Simpson, of Boston recently i bequeathed $1500 to a domestic during her' life, and afterher deathitho rincipaL to goz:: to the Association of the Home bf4hdGood : twenty-tw- o ni heart-pictur- gi . In China t.-.- , . work-baske- t, - and somewhere should and the writing-desbe a corner for Totty's and -book-case there should bra shelf inHhe for juvenile reading, and there must be plenty, plentyJof th)wersiAndthat room s be the heart ofthat Jiorae, the place .where the new magazines are, the place to find mother, the place for the open fire, the place to make a circle for the family song or hymn before bedtime, the place to long for when e at boarding-schoo- l, the place to keep a of when, away in foreign lands;1 the plan. central jewel in the crown of social life, an The yield ot fruit in Rhodo Island this beautiful Ameri- year, surpasses that pi aimosi any other economical, Christian can Homo. Union. year in its history, and the people have hopes that the State is regaining the repu- cuuu iiuu. xt:&iuuo uuiou lur A FEW WORDS IN BEHALF OF AN the larger fruits there is a considerable crop; of cultivated cranberries, the towns of Ex-- , ABSENT FItlEND. eter and Richmond alone yielding from 8, d the-tihtin- o FACTS AND FIGURES. . to my sisters, of Sister Eleanor Pratt deceased. Who will remember her? Those who knew her best She had faults few but virtues many. She was ever zealous in the cause of the gospel of Jesus Christ; it was her theme by day. and night In her teachings in the day. school she' endeavored to instill Into the minds of the youth a love: iii 000, to 10,000 bushels.' - -- r,. Mo., has ten cotton mills and Lewiston, : ? fivo woolen mills,. with an estimated capital of $7,500,000,. consuming 35,000 balos r of cotton per year, cmploying-7,54hands, over and distributing $3,000,000 per year, to labor, producing 35,000,000 yards chiefly of goods and nearly 3,000,000 grain bags, the total value of manufactures last year was $11,500,000. ; l ;;; y Tiie German daily papers bf Cincinnati are! discussing the question "bitholengirnheT daily school, sessions; One suggests that for the winter the hours i be fromi eight to eleven, and from one to three for the small er scholars, and to four o'clock for the larger . ones. Another; tavors from half-paseleven and from, two to eight to half-pa1 for"Jesus Shew'asaiotherat home ahd a friend among friends. ;Tho last time I heard her musical yoicosing, It. was "Come to the supper j)f the great the tune by herself chosen My soul was filled with ecstacy, and as she sang it seemed as though the very air enjoyed, and echoed back in answer, "She will be there." I four. shall ever remember her with pleasant rec A woman recently died in Paris at the ollections. I was intimately acquainted with . frpmbuiiinia, or an exher twenty-seve- n years jit was herlot todrink age of forty-thre- e In speaking of cess of appetite. . She ate every day an avdeep y the virtues of friends both living and dead, erage of siXAnd a half pounds of bread and ' d of mut." it required about we are often reminded by some thoughtless, one ' ' ' satisfy Lastly It must bo homely.1 unfeeling one of their faults. To such I nine pounds of bread to acompletely dollar half earned about her. She two per little (. I know a room occupied by girls say, bostill, let God judge between the right wai woman and' obliged to '; which is. so to speak, a home within a home, and the wrong, tne' just ana tno unjust. . day as a needle -- Y:" .' so stored is it with their treasures and decAVLU Try. : expend the wliolo for food. , V i orated with P their own little funny know' another home wit hi n a Wiien you go a : fishing, be sure and. take IIora6e Gkeele' once spoke thus wisehome, Inhabiled'by two women, where al- a "bite" before you start, for you may not ly upon a question of great interest to all most: every article has its' pleasant associafanners: "Our farmers' sons escape .fronv ' ono after. . tion; and special name; there is a tall, old get their calling whenever 'they "can, because It: Two Chinese students were admitted re- 13 fashioned chest of drawers, and squeezed in mado a mindless,- monotonous drudgery, ' which two cently tathcYalo College Scientific Depart- instead of an bdside; it, a narrow book-case- ,: ennobling, liberalizing, intelare known; as the mare and colt; there is a ment. They passed the examination most lectual in ray pursuit Could ' I have known rocking chair always called the. Maria after creditably, and gave .promise of superior youth what a business farming sometimes the giver; there are a shovel and tongs with scholarship. There are now sixty Chineso is, may be, and yet generally shall always to which Government in answer their students round supported by heads, big, smooth, be, would never have sought nor ' chosen the names of W. Penn and wife; there are Connecticut and .Massachusetts. Thirty ' ' two warm wrappers in the wardrobe named came two years ago, thirty arrived a year any other." Comfort and Faithful; there is in the work-bask- since, and hirty more are soon expected. a littlo A tali: of thrilling interest The nUtle- box, mado to hold So far their deportment has been excellent ' a Spool and needle-boosnake's. made preciou3 by and their progress quite remarkable.. i ; . s . : . ? Bride-groom- ," , being-ppssessejcL- , t; , st by of-jo- and-of-sorro- . wr . half-poun- : : -- 1 1 : " - : t drna-dent- s.- - f : : - - . ' et egg-shap- ed k, , . 4 I 