, - - "J U4 r WOMAN'S EXPONENT. f worked just as bottle well a" few limes until the buttons are" 'Ani- hard as I could all tho time forji "week at a tinie.' all dissolved: whctl 'is isreail vfor-tise1 f : andf baked buriiori' '(for If, have: washed and churned ply wi th-- tli ; finger $b tlie corh ' daSuhtiFafcureii3 ef Rrrinll Fatuilv to' bo sure. Mondavi besides' doing twice havfti 46f-faiA ; nevei knovb 1 l of accom plfsliiicfg lh e L th& inevitable work whicFnies veryday in desired result;-- -t It, house.' I look back now ith ;regrelfjn -I ii i.' ' T JwflS "euiltV ttf DV" SO doin&'' BlS Keep closely corkea. nf sf lWirth ' day's works break down- - men and women" both, prematurely; Have todral courage enough to be called lazv rather than ruin vour ; health by - eon--, ' f ' tinuous hard ; labor. Do net consider theltime tnrown away tnat you spena resting , ana reacting. Oneida Co. , Paris? r Feed your inind as well as your body if you would Idaho' IFMA AtigLVlih, J :V "live while you live," A FarmerV Wif&Vr'first, started on I a new farm that ? I bold him great, who, for sake, , ; f Can giro with generous, earnest will; 'V. ' Yet ho who takes for Jove's sweet eako ' 1 think I hold more generous still. ;!;; -- tiie-was- I bow before tho noble mind ; ; " 5. That freely some great wrong forgives; 'yet nobler is Ihe ono forgiven,' ;r r:-rWho Ua that burden well and lives. -- : ; , It may bo bard to .gain, and stilt : , 1 , To kf ep a lowly, steadfast heart ; ; ; yet he who loses has to fill f A harder and a 'xroer part, .f w. -- Vt ( " Glorious It fatqwyarthecromvy Of a desorred and pureuccessj4s:? IJo who knows how to fail has won- A crown whoso Justro U not jess; :,, 1 ir tilt Great may he be who can command , And rule with Just and tender sway ; Yet is diviner wisdom taught' ' Better by him who can obey.? V.ny- t 'ii.n- .- Dear Editor i TBFTOIENiC NOTES-.- , .J ? : . X ic ; 1 . br e-- BT ADZLAID1 PROCTOR. To Prevent lIIyprophobia.- - A ExpolsrEHT: Having'; been reauestedi to write to yon r: 'occasionally chefu it does not iau witnm tne line or ,my t usual igh occupation. For the w years Iae ? niajl medical authority on Jhe. subjectpffers the ifngiiarjtYromh following simple rules, which, if observed been to ttnd to the 'siclfj .as weave. n?6''!' Hhanlul ' strictly, cannot, fail to lessen the danger real doctors irithis; valley. : fromiiydmpiiobia, JLthexojot prejent it ftHat Iaverthrough the hlessihgs- of the1 Blessed are those whodlofor Qodi,' entirely: Xord, been an instrument iitrHisrthandfTbf And earn the nart7rs crown of tight; 1. dosr from is cause sick that. ' ,A " any. Tet he who lives for God may be relievingrthe.afflicted; and X would suggest r A jreater conquerer la hii slgbt. sKpuid watched;and treated carefa.iiy;un-t- il to my sisters, would it not be better ibt?l u hi recoery r - vr'TvF'-TrirTVto finfbrro;0urselve3 more '' 2. A dog that is sick and restless is .an children and , their diseases,than spending-so;muc- h HOUSEHOLD; HINTS. object of. suspicion.. This is the earliest pe? of our time withashions and dress.,: culiar sj'stem br hydrophobia. Wdf r.;v For what mother, is, thereJ; who, vyben she; Apple Puddirur without Pastry. Pare and cut 'J &yA dbgp that U sickfanesUess;aD4jha sees ner cnuaren wntningiq tne agonies ofr to two them Boil up enough apples a depraved appetite, gnawing , and swallow weigh pounds. . would hot give all she possesses if and rub through a colander. Add a Jarga spoonful ing bits of cloth, wood, coal, brick, mortary jdeath, she could but relievo " ih LAjs" I Visit araong of butter while they are hot. and when cold add i &c.j is a dangerous animal. if e should be, ithe sickIfind a great lack of education pound of crushed white feugar, 6 ell beaten eggs, at ;pnco -- chained up ;.an4.-kein. t confine jamong-thsisters in regard to the natural and the grated rind of a lemon Pour the miiture nient until his condition is. clearly ascer lawsLofiMaltli li -'. v' into a deep dish, and bake for half an hour. tain ed. A Although we are a littlo on the outside of ai 4. If, ia.addition to any or all of the fore yOur Territory, we jvish to be numbered, Boiling Beef with a long, narrow the has t delusion going, of .with symptoms, dog you and considered a 'branch of tho sharp knife, make an incision in the beef length- me senses, to see or hear olive imagi appearing wise of the t fiber; press into it closely a strip of tree; not a dead branch-bu- t ; a living or to sounds, nary sights and pass trying through heart one, and lat port, wiuch fihoulu not be: more than one inch willing tooin you, a closed ra at in thei door, its AVe crood handinVverv htr have catching fino intervals wrk: of j an inch or two, make square. At when are there or for none, searching other incisions; fill with pork as before arid boil as ivalley hereand a heatitifuriake, abounding not is there exist, usual. This bce is more palatable, particularly to great ith fish of the finest quality There are1 . those persons who like a "streak of fat and a streak probability that he is, or is becoming, hy- twelve townisettlemehtstjinLl of lean," and withal all is, quite showy when cut drophobic. He should be secured and eon- - and a Belief Society is organized in each ;set- - ' fined without delay. v in slices to bo eaten cold. ; tlement. 1 think the members of the Paris j , o. In .caso any one is bitten by a dog Relief Society number about one hundred, To Preserve Grapes with' Honey. Take ssven whose .condition is the most ef- and to my certain! knowledge' they are a suspicious, fective of sound and beneficial mode of treatment is great blessing to the puor, the pounds good grapes on the stems tho. sick, and the5 urancue as pen ecu as possiDio, ana pact them to cauterize the wound at once with a stick we have but few iu our needy; although sMgty: Qliilverm'trate, commonl y called "lunar midst who are not able- to help themselves.. syrup of four pounds of honey and one nint. of rood caustic'V Thstick; ocaustic TshbuldThA pu r n crops aookromisingf-w- e anticirT grai with cloves and cinnamon to suit (abut sharpened to a pencil point, introduced vinegar, quite paie A good harvest if the frost k'eeps off a three ounces each is our rule.) Boil them.wdl to- tos tne tx)ttom of. the wound, and held tin little longerI"7'Your "paper'is tluly apprecia-- : gether for twenty minutes, and skim wpll.'fh'pn contact; wan every, .part of the wounded ted! arid hailed 'as a, welcome .' messenger tarn boiling hot over the grapes, and seal imme- surface until it is thoroughly cauterized and among- the saints. I remairi, as ever, your" diately. 01iey,will keep years if you wish, and insensioie. H This - destroys ; the virus by sister lh tlie Gospel. V E; 0;R. nice. are exceedingly Apples, psaches and plunis which: the disease would be jeoraraunicated. be done in the ... .Iel ; ' , , " tj : : , -- 4 5 , , ; -- . e pt ' -- , ! , f : Pork.---Wit- h . ; . : . : s rsomo-iywhich- es 1 f : t ; : - -- . -, ; : may same way. Tlie : Manufacturer - and Cleansing Botdes. Jjaildcr says. Many persons clean bottles by putting in some small shot and shaking, them around; ' fii ..Water dissolves lead to a certain ninit of this lead attaches itself to the sides ot the bot-tl-o so closely that the shaking or rinsing with water does not detach it and it remains to bo dissolved by any liquid which has the least sourness in it and if drank, lead twison mav b triA rrcnlf. a shot becomes wedged in at the bottom of a botuV ' to' be dissolved by wine or cider? ; Therefore, it 13 better to wash every bottle, as soon as" emptied with warm water "and wood ashes, or saleratus ani put the bottles away, mouth open and downward-bu- t b careful to wash- - again when used, as flies and other insects frequently get into open bottles.' Working too hard. All over the land tho cry is irom iarmers wives, .'Tm so tired: my wort is to hard, I do not think fanning pays thera is so much hard labor connected rith it." 1 wish I could say to every one of them don't work all the time. Let something go undone if you cannot do it without overtaxing your Btrength. Constant labor from sunrise to sunset makes a joyless life! I remember ia my early married Efev when my husband and I . - Bestjscitation or Dkowned Persons.--Th- e Massachusetts Humane society :'has is sued a card with these directions for restor ing persons apparently drowned :Corivey me Doay to ine nearest, house, vith head raised. Strip and rub dry. - Wrab-i- h blan kets: 'Inflate the lungs by closing the nos- imwm inuraD ana;nnger ana blowinfr into iuy. mouui iorciDiy, ana th en pressing '."with hand on the chest and so on for ten" minutes, or untU he hreathsV : Keepi the body warm, Continue rubbingdo extremiUjes also. uAj feu long as xnero is any chance i.wv( . ."",,. Remedy ;for Looseness in the bowels or Cholera Mix two of success. i ? 4 ; ! - : , t i , ' morbus. tablespoon-fulso- f wheat flour with just water enough to moisten the 'flour; "drink it. Ttf the first dose does not check pain, or the purlin ivu'vat lau :uoso.in nan an Hour. -- Sevete cases sometimes require a third dose. "' r. . Cure forCorns and BuNioNs.Squceze Anecdote Clergyman in the olden, time took, great j liberties in giving whole- some advice in their sermons to individual bembcrs of the congregation. . When Mts.' 'Abigail Adams, wife of Psident JoTin ' Adams, was inarried, her latherV ReVf Xrv Smith,of Braintree, Maisachusetss,.who was a person of great humor .and) originality,preached a ijueer sermon. "On the occasion : of I the marriage of his first daughter, Marjy to a Mr Cranch, he preached a sermon from the text,. "And Mary hath chesen that cood part which shall not- be j taken, away from" her., John Adams' was of a 'family' of no special position, and was hot thought quite good - enough for "the sTarson,s daiifhtm Moreover, he was .a lawyer, and the law was ' regarded in Puritan New England as vious and not altogether respectable profes--' sipn. But John was- an honest, temnerate young man, and the . parison approved Abi- -' the Sunday af" gail's ter their marriage, ho preached- from ,the text, "And now came John: neither eatinsr' bread, nor drinking wine, and ye ' saV. he! - ; 4 - - . - . choice-Accordingl- y, out the juice of two good lemons; put it in a bottle, add one dozen small pearl buttons-old ones will do as well as new; shake the hath a devil.H." - : , ; . : " ; ' ' 