flA " V. QUESTIONS. f - liZHL For the Exposed : ,- W OMAN' S EX PONE NT . ". r - ' f 'T; " Is It a crima for woman to love? , ce . . : true art. in making our . dwelling.too large. for conflict with somebody. across Tthe-roaThere is scarcely a room in it, which might When next I sawrthat castle, alas I the dream not have been some what "smaller, and still was oer. A heartless husinesl man some retained its pleasantness and convenience. mere useful person had put up a large, It is true there have been a few times when plain, '""square briclr factory close, by,, and this extra space was both a pleasure and four times tho size of the castle which, d.a " ; Or If ihd dare th s love to betray, Tell, she has given her young heart away,. , Should she be treated as foolish and weak JJecauie sho has ventured htf favor to eeek? If she believes him noble and pure, v. iii. One who wfllver;falthful endure,-- J U a that shd to b!ame for loving I maja? Now critic ansyrer moTes'! you cadTT - - pre-eminen- Da not th angels in courts above? " iJ Is it a crimo to lore unsought? Tea, so the wis old world hath taught What If affection pist her control Mingled with nope should enter hersouT, Must they be stifled, forever unknown, Hid in her breast as a diamond stone? k I es aricl play-th- at shut' vantage or for the ' appearance of advantage, must half were your Ley the 4reef; very largeiahoV the rocks r is vnl (raritv.- ; K:Jt :I sneak on this point from the mournful were "precipices, and then you could almost imagine that you expected to see a party of of experience we nave Da , Bracy's . Free a Companions .stream . out ' ,.J?-.. ed a house. many mistakes waff a vio from under its portals, with banners waving ' The first of our fat fnn Yf irnW ( economy, and therefore of and trumpets blaring, and horses neighing ' . "; a convenience but a homo is supposed to henceforth, no i could call any- - make-believ- e hpl'nedVfQtrdiriatyfia oralis Dr. Fuller expresses Ijet.ustheti yese nary.pasipnsVi toa large of?archi(iecture in a to than for small day it, "Better ;'r--- ' serve the med io val habits in our poems and ' lor a'yeai,!i2'T'.'v-- ; i Our next mistake was in the same direc- - tale's; and apply toas:our- own II ves only such -features of each suit;! our; own :peculiair Uoneilirigiftoo" .fiigte'rtf-teinng-'isVsu'ii ' ficiently ralsea lopreventine- xicaieu air needs ; The ideal iidub :of Uia:robihis " back upon our heads with a nesL and rriothing else wbuld becomo, i her: 1 , Sense or oppression n h vuvivuoiy ; uifu that, of the Indian .a. wigwam, and i nothing. enough. Every foot above this is an addi- so picturesque that 'qfhowarrlike'rotftt;':. tion to the cost of building, and the after castle,; and hotifiuige th.dwellejfjin? cost of r:heating,Mthbut -z - graceful ahdf airy? fis" thai t Of whtcK tSjiltom advantagcL architect will argue, "that speaks, which.'."rbse. like itn exhalation;1 "But," your' has nothing to do with it; you must make that of the civilized Atnerican bf:the nineM ihe hight of your room in a certain propor- teenth century, a style neither Rdmahbr , tion to the length and breadth of your room, Grecian nor Moorish nor even Eriglish-'bu- t or the thing wiil look wrong. American, 7jeiaining-5uenjjKii- u nT7p rules. older styles as suit the modern i need,; and ; I know but little of architectural ' but X know thatlas there1 is on e standard of adding i thereto without scruple ; whatever :, proportion for sl Grecian' temple, with its prevlouslyunh" vastness and dimness a standard growing manded by anmeri out of its usesso there ought to be an ut scKjjaVcustomsv;Ari3 a3V1tHeroI!nMtee.Q iHS; :j terly different standard of proportion for an history of all other worthy iorders of archiTU;, American dwelling, which to "be sure, tecture, and as beauty of difieririg styles has ; a should grow directly out of its uses. If I been the result,1 1 krioyv hot why we should had some reason for requiring one room in fear to trust' the same principle in our case a house to be more than ordinarily long and m nnntf Tna 'im Tosnir... ... ilwlXlil Third It should be healthf UL broad, I should not feel called upon to make ; demands' thaj-- ' it high in proportion, unless needed the To this end a true economy hight. .ItTw6urdJteanTexpenditurexof we ex pend a la rgei P(ropidnffou r.bu iid- means in excess of the end, and therefore ing ttonoy,' irfeurinarfull splyloOne ., must be wrong. . , , , Lt: Z very; best .qualityi'pf suhine war, airA; iy I Secondly It should be !A.mencan. ,f and fire.! .Let the building be. so placed, if . Its architecture should fit the needs of possible.- that the 5uh shall ; enter every room our own place and time. In the good old at some; time; of the day. Thisf is now 'so'J ., days when every man's house wad his castle yeijt understood that . it neeos no special in-sistance. Let the ventilation berasrlarj asH it was so house was forced to make it a castle for self possible. aulbmaOc. sc7that it;xnot bene protection against his next-do- or enemy, for lected or interiered with by Unthinking'-;-''d seldom in those days wxre,thero any. next persons. And let care be taken that. sink shall harbor, an evil spirii; to , door neighbors. And a very. grand, imposing, picturesque, inconvenient,.! cheerless, arise in yajwr from Usi pipbliOv the JGrgnil . unwholesome house it. must have been from his jar, and slay an unwary nousenoia.. . with its walls like barracks, arid '," chambers , Only second in importance to what we eat like: cells, and wirido ws like slits in . a jail. is the kind of air we breathej and this for, Instead of a pleasant h ed go about; it,, noi- at leatv seven months.in the yedry is largely some ditches; instead of an easy entrance affected by.the conlWyances adojd to keepi :o:i;-?l'.to welcome folks in, a gate way expressly con us .warm..- ,i There is your open fireplace, good. for. trived to'keep folks out; instead of a house arranged to bo kept with the smallest ventilation, unexceptionable in pbe tryj; pref ;; amount of hired service, a menage necessi ciou3 in old folk'i memories, as they sit in a' : tating what were known to tho novelist as furnace: warmed wm, ana can Devoted Hetainers, but to the feudal mis the circle round :a blazing hearthlsome tress as a swarm of Btupid, drunken, fifty years ago; beautiful and inspiring.it J to be prized ta a lux- and much ever noisy, ver hungry crea- certainly is, .1 x "' it its' ' j tures, whose brawling disorders must have unous auuiuoa lutouier ueauug arringe-.- ; e men same made the wearirelation to'. housewife's lot a ts; holding, about the., flo to as wers at nesslndee hold dinner such .meat; but Ty The fact tfet Gothic architecture, whether as a chief reliance, the hearth is 'unsatisfac- in the form of castle or cathedral, demands lory, a f iiku a iwaisieaK, we couiu; urun for its best'effcts"; the elements of size and first one side, then the other,' and then be . an objection, in done, it were well, with us; put lis , soon ag;, massiveness, many cases, to its use in domestic lifev ' 9.nce wo turn our broiled side away, from tho .s these elements had a meaning, and were heat, cold draughts seizo f upon it and therefore heautiful: now they have none, straightway that side becomes more raw ' and are therefore r." And without man Deiore. ..... , v . v. ;. yet, ugly, ; ' 'i t i iL ti oix.o mey are more or less najcuious. Coal stoves in'thbparafe rooms are'calie4 be r see i ng, yerrs'ago o ri t ho IIu d.3on, economical t. tut attendant on these come in- I think a castle, 'which by "making be- cessant burnt air, dust and ; lieve" a good deal, yon could almost per- ashes, vexation of spirit; also liabUityJo di- - ' suade yourself "was the real thing. You vorce, for what man or woman was ever : . - . : i . 4 .. - HOME OF OUR OWN. Perhaps every raariTl think every woman, mamuu I am quite sure every nappnyundomes-tic couple, no matter how public and their present life, cherish .somewhere down; In their hearts an idealof a future homestead. I do notraeaq a castle in Spain, but the possible house 'which, when a few possible things turn up,; they mean to, live in, and. to the thought of which they cling even more and 1 more Jbndly as the unfulfill-inyears go by. On the days when the surface gutter and rattle of life and the omnipresent stare of people's eyes become unendurable, we comfort ourselves with building, in fancy, a higher hedge around that homestead. r In the days ;;wJien'hjUlinery. ; g d openings and the emanations of s remind us that somewhere city it is spring, wo find relief in considering whether wo would better sod the lawn or fresh-stirre- dirt-heap- when we get that home of our own. When the friend of our youth comes to seo us, and we negotiate with the hotel clerk for. an extra seat at the table, or ponder in which theatre .to, spend our evening, we take, a half unconscious undercurrent of solaco'lin furnishing the sow it with grass-see- d, - sp0eclianiber: i- S-'Z's-'.- T : ... fire on the heariH of that homo of our own. When the boMding-hous- e piano is especially fare out oftune when the Jbrding-hous- e is more than u'sualiy stale, jQat,and unprofitable," when a certain person cuts us on the street, yea when the curbstone at the .crossing wasHigher ,'ihan 'we thought and Ave have stubbed bur ioe, we think to ourselves in dudgeon, "It won' t be so when we have a .... ... home of ourown.".. as as ideal not well haveTmy May I , anj other? I have, and I desire, dear reader, to Supposj rig, ;the compare it with' yours. to bo house , the body wherein dwells that spirit which wo call the homo, I shall take fit my house there-myt notion of a.ijhome and . . ; . , . , t'Firsts It should be economical. - '". . ... :; : ;; ..1,1- ? - The .ideal ot a homestead, to be of much value, should be ono that is accessible, (to that portion of the community .which it. is n-; most important to suit I hot to too cannot the well who take, be, poor, be suited, nor the too rich, who can gener ally manage, to, get, in ono or another waste ful way, more than they have earned the right to. but those who do the world's work and wield the world's forces, and need and must have the best of. its advantage. Economy, if wo may trust pur dictionary, is that management of our resources which expends to advantage without incurring waste: To" violate, this principle is to vio late true taste; for expenditure without ad which-portio- . i . ? i I : , , : 4 - -- ; " 1 from-felling- Ieeause-overymanl- w ; ; . hqiU-draine- ? ; ': -- - ; . ; up-pic.iure- s . half-manageab-le, " ; l!'-'"- ' old-tim- -- . "l' " : ': ' ' ; re-me- : coal-heaving- 1 , m . ,1 