7 Vol. ry y and the Woman Suffrage adult." Such an appetite, though it may be the inherited, can be overcome if a person is movements, and it would be strange if it possessed of sufficient conscientiousness and were to fail at. this point It is always the EDITORIAL' NOTES. The press Anti-slaver- the country, 'is much gratified over the fact that no morality to enable him, or her, to earnestly less than thirteen distinguished English resist the temptation to indulge; ;;J Arid aljournalist have recently: been! elected mem- though an individual may find it extremely bers of Pari lame nfc Why should no t Par- trying to leave off such a habit, which often tmllybelongsto-nat-o liament sis well'Teet gratOTT16 alloWthe same to cauie?Is not: MP quite as expressive any right to cultivate: or trarismit-itLtdtnd nearly a3 honorable denoting Man of growupon: hirarand thus avi erhapsp the Press as Member of Parliament? ::::;: : less able toresist the evil, than Himself." ; President Grant lately nominated Miss Ada C. SweetforPelK and the Senate -- confirmed the nomination MISCELLANEOUS. without the usual reference to a committee. A gentlemanly cotemporary asks if it is not If the gates of heaven were: suddenly to more than probable that if "women were swing open and nil mankind be' asked ; on more frequently appointed; to responsible equal terms to enter into the kingdom, don't disbursing positions,? there would be "less you know some people whoi would pause to stealing and plundering?" The thought is see what some other people were' going to suggested that at least there - would be no do about it, andme YhooujdrefuM about to harm in experimenting in this respect, and gether1f..: they saw the; :: i - V" no danger of matters in which the puplic entei ?"Boston Transcript.?' generally is concern ed becoming worse Qpop,;kind, true holyf words dropped In through such' measures being adopted. conversation may, be little: thought of but in. some portions of . h J ; so-and-- The Seryant flsaM rIpfpblemr:haiTbeen they ar . solved by Alcptt. She advises ladies! to employ ladies instead of ignorant, overbearing foreigners; where it can be done;' and then, to treat them as equals, not as inferiors. She says: "Now this experiment is worth telling, because It has been successfully! tried with .', three , different women and there are plenty more ready to do their, best in families where they can bo properly treated.:. Some ladies may object to having a stranger at the table, yet it is better to have'a lady there than an ear at the and a tongue to gossip of family key-hol- e affairs to tne neighbors' girls. Some would the way think that this helper would be in.well-bred "iJL she sat in 'the JRarlor, Jbut a woman, knows by instinct when to go and when to stay." Miss S. gently vanished when visitors came in, or if some duty kept her there I introduced her, and so prevented part of any feelings of awkwardness on i the is guests, or that sense of exclusion which so hard to a social or sensitive wbinan. There is no doubt that the appetite for drink is often hereditary. The. following illustration of the factxconcerning;it Is toa interest; painful one) yet may prove of and' Surgical many; The Pacific Mqdicar this Journal" says A;str;king instanced e. know-lodgkind has been recently brought to our A: lady wife. of . the mayor of Atlantic city, was a connncd Inebriate, and in spite of the most: assiduous efforts made restrain arid by her husband; and others to reform her,'cohtinue4 to fymk until.her life Her grandfell a 'sacrifice to the Indulgence. -mothers1 were both intemperate-, and both of her died from' drunkenness. one brothers were- - Inebriates. She-,- badchild-'hooexhibited in child, a daughter,-wha marked apptltb?lbr 'strong: drink, and who tlrank to intoxication whenever she had the opportunity. ThecHild died at the life she age of six years. During her brief drunk. was known to have been .repeatedly. So inveterate was her appetite for liquor that she would resort to the most cunning as tricks in order to - procure it tricks such ofan would do credit to (ho ' ingenuity 1 . ? ' No. 23. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, May 1, 1874. 2. i 5 -- , d' o - tree falling by the , so borno by some way-sid- e, haply thereafter to fringe with beauty some barren mountain side, or to make glad some; lonely wilderness. The saloon keepers of Pittsburg are said to have been panic stricken upon the appearance of a band of school girls on the street the other day. They thought the women crusaders of the Temperance" Movement door and were coming upon' them, and every until the -- young, ladies window was closed; ' had passed by. Surely, woman carries a superior influence with her of which she is ; r-riot at all times aware, A strange account is published of fhe'suiclde of nine young with girls at Whampoa; They were living and seeing different families a the village, from endured how much: misery tS' women the tyranny of their husbands, they resolved to escape a similar. fate by putting an end to bird." afar, . : i ih"Chi-Ssenewsinp- rs their existence.1: Sottieymfetat'fhe bank of a river in the vicinity, and sewed their garments togetherto prevent a separaiion, and thus plunged into the deep. 1 oWccan.all earn our living, father' was a remark5 mado in a family by one of- several young ladies, alshort time since;' was't ithe "That is rlghtr my.; daughter,". regard as, reply of. the parent; "that fact I education.' tho: Jwiutfof; triumphrinT your; Able and willing are the two words which when the proper occasion comes will insure voir success, and vindicate the principle;that ' ' women should be1 educated fdr business and usefulness as well as for ornament and atyour tract vebcss.v Never fear j to work for iaiisa others to cnouragb. support, nori faii . announce; with SoitE of thQ newspapers ' that there are women seeming :dellght teachers in the Boston public schools,' who on! the. deplore the appointment of wdmen cwould school committees, and. say, thoy rather be under the dominion of men.: It would bo. strange if It were not so. There has been a parallelism, step by step, between ; result of a' long career of subjection, that those who have been reared under it have to be educated into self-respe- ct. issSlagglo Knight - of-Holyo- ke,has patented a square--bottpaper bag, whlchis without doubt definedJo supersede all other styles for tho in- gerieralluso: of grocers arid others, the vention securing far greater convenience in j : ' handling, and additional strength. Miss iof Knight has further increased theivalue for her discovery by inventing a machine folding the bags, which has also been patented, and the flrstiarge machine is now in building at the Ames Cos machine shop Chicopee. The machine is designed to do the work of thirty girls, icutting fbldinfir pasting, and drying 30,000 per day, with the assistance of two girls as tenders.' About half a billion of the sharp bottom bags were : made and used in this country last year. om orlBnatendHessfuIIy , t , WHAT MEN NEED WIVES FOR. What does a man need a wife for? It not merely to sweep the house, and make the beds, and darn the socks, and cook the meals chiefly that a man wants a wife. If this is all, when a young man calls to see a lady, send him into the pantry to tastetho bread and cakes she has made; send, him to inspect or put a the needle work and broom irito.her hands and send him to witness Its use. Such things are important, and the wise young men will quietly look after them. But what the true man wants of: a wife is her companionship, sympathy 5nd love. The way of life has so many dreary places in it, and man needs a companion to go with him. A man is sometimes taken with misfortune; ho meets with failure and defeat; trials and temptations beset him; and he needs somebody to stand by and sympathize. He has some stern battles to fight with poverty; with enemies, and with sin, and he needs a woman, that,,while he puts his arm around her and leeis tnat no has something to fight for, will help him fight; that will put her lips to hb ear and 'whisper words of i counsel, and her hand to his heart and impart new inspirations. All through life, through storm and through sunshine, through"' conflict;; and' victory, through ad verso and favoring winds, man needs a Woman's love, the heart yearns for iti A sister's or a mother's love will hardly many seek for nothsupply the need. Yet ' ing further than success' In housework. Justly enough, half of, these get nothing; more. Tho other half, 'surprised bcyondj measure, have gotten more' than pey sougjni. ill Their wives surprise them by' bringing .a nobler'; idea of ' marriage,' and disclosing 'a treasury of cburagb sympathy arid love. : is bed-makin- g; . -- , : v ! : -- The Hon. John It. Lynch, colored, is tho youngest man in the United States Housq of Bepresentatives. He was a slave, without education, at Natches until tho. Union army; x entered the town. He is but ; twenty-si, years old. ' - 1 ' i. i 