:r:;l Vol. : ' U, lV: J-- : .t v ; Y ; Y; Y Y":' Yv YY' 'v SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 2. .. Yc Y . ' February , Y V'' Y'Y Y-- Y : Y; riHy'r:;. . 15, 1874. No, 18. EDITORIAL NOTES. Wn find the following in the "Washington Capital" of a late date. "A good, or A religious man in Oregon refused to rather a bad story has leaked out and is in join the Grangers because, "they had let active circulation regarding a famous senawomen in." It is a great pity such men tor, whose name has figured extensively in have not a world to themselves. these columns, as it has throughout the pen to be Mormons. Indeed, almost all the resident population, the farms, the homes of Utah, are composed of Mormons. They are a peaceable, industrious people, devoted to their peculiar observances, with a theology which not only permits but inculcates poly-- , gamy as an article of Jith , and are characTheT?o1 feel-- 1 brick and brown stone and is said to be one lady, once a belle and yet quite handsome, terized by theexclusivenes Ot social the present n ing, which sectarianism develops and perse-- . f"lhelmn3somesO nancial crisis, sought employment from the culioffraeT bpened:to the public, as a fine Government. heTbrought a letter of in- - trary, are chiefly composed of miners; : art exhibition on the lUth ult. d senator and rough, reckless Ifrohtiersmen, jvithout fixed troduction'to our Dr. Dio Lewis thinks a baby should hot had an appointment made with him, at his homes, w I thou t wi ves or- - female relatives. of the Senate. This floating population is naturally jealous sleep with its parents because it must, when request, in a committee-rooplaced thus, be constantly enhaling the im- They met alone, and the solon soon shifted of Mormon supremacy and impatient of repure breath and poisonous emanations from himself from the chair to the sofa upon straints, whether salutary or otherwise. the bodies of the adults. ; The objection ap which the lady sat; and then, as he grew When a Gentile sees a Mormon and the wointerested in her, put his senatorial arm men of his family cast several votes, he does pears to be a reasonable one. about her slender vaist and attempted to not stop to consider that he might neutralYDenman, the School Superintendent of bring the orifice of his intellectual edifice, ize these votes by making a homo and ina head, to bear on viting his female relatives to leave the East, calledpthroughourtesy, in teachers, for repeated tardiness entering her mouth. The poor woman, struggling and settle with him in Utah. Nor does he not does This duties. speak from his brutal assault.started up and asked ask himself whether these women have not upon morning so well for the enterprising ; spirit in the the man what he meant by such an insult quite as much right to vote as himself, upon cause of education in that city. "Insult! insult Madam !" responded the questions which equally concern all ? He T? fTf T.T.: TITR 1 YPnolX JU.trfiSS. fl SftHl to solon. meant no insult: this is the neces- - simply sees the momentary numerical disadvantage and appeals to the authorities in have reeeivedra in her best time. If that seems a small sal nation." We need not say that this neces Washington to strike rdown - the women. men as Senator Frelinghuy sen are ary for "playing," what estimate should be sary preliminary ended there and then, and And such placed upon the labors of those who work the poordistressed woman was seen to steal prompt to do his cowardly bidding. indifference of Congress to the hard, many of whom receive less than half from the Capitol building crying over the in The utter of the women of Utah is in singular that amount? , dignity and degradation offered her." We rights have no authority upon' which to mention contrast to its almost morbid sensitiveness in One of the sad est stories of recent date, the name of the honorable (?) "solon," of regard to the rights of colored men. Supis told by a young woman who was saved whom this is related; but we douot pose that the Senate Judiciary Committee, from the' "Ville do Havre," She 1 gives not that he story 13 a near relative, In spirit at in view of the very "peculiar condition"of an Miss as name expert least, to those generous, pitying soulaho South Carolina, had quietly reported a bill, her Edgar. Being to time a for .able was she long swimwer, to have Congress do sonfLiliing the effect of which would bo to deprive wa- are so anxious the mother in and her herself support for the emancipation of the "poor, ignorant, colored men of suffrage? Would a long deexand numbed ter.' But at last becoming bate have taken place without a single alluillused women of Utah." to that no longer cling sion to the proposed"limitatiOn of suffrage" hausted, she could all of dearest and earthly Henry B. BlaekwelL of the 'Woman's to white men? On the contrary, Mr. Sumoneher best to assist her unable farther, friendsand Journal," has a good deal to say, and says it ner would have exhausted the resources of saw her slowly sink away and settle under in rather forcible language, concerning the eloquent invective, and every Republican the water, -- scarcely. aLinomeni;tefwej;tte"7 measures taken by certain members in Con Senator would have denounced the proposiboat appeared, by which she was rescued. gress with the view of disfranchising the tion as a conspiracy against liberty". Let us women of Utah. We clip the following: hope that the day will come when the rights ' Tragedies are now transacted as fre- The reneal of Woman Suffrage was not even of women will find as many and as earnest home the at hearth, or so, nearly quently, alluded to during a long debate in the Sen- defenders in' the Congress of the' United in some parts of the country, as upon the ate upon a bill which, disfranchises the States as the rights of colored men find now. stage of the theatre. - Within three days, women of Utah and which makes any fu- But that day will never dawn until the but recently, we have found cases recorded ture attempt by a woman to vote, a misde women of America are armed with the balof as many wife murders, in news jour- meanor punishable with fine and imprison lot. "":r;' nals from different localities. , In giving a ment, and prohibits the men of. the Terrimomenta reflection to these terrible state- tory from ever again extending Suffrage to ments, we are led to wonder why Utah and women, c This is, Indeed, a conclusive eviA WIFE'S RIGHTS. which in rarely dence of the necessity of Woman Suffrage ! her domestic institutions, nature a like of maybe if ever any thing is a great mistake for a husband to keep ; It it! Senator Wilson was present, of Think conor derided be chronicled as local, should who had himself introduced a Bill to give his wife in ignorance of his business affairs, ; demned by any other portion of the world-m- ore women Suffrage in the Territories. .7 n In ordinary families it is she who regulates woman. 7 ;; particularly by any and she ought to know what is other Senators, known to be In favor the out-gwere present And yet the income. A few weeks ago I heard a A lady writer has stated: that twelve of Voman Suffrage, these men all sat silent and several oi.tnem young wife just in the early experience of years ago she came west with the prospect voted for this bill which takes away suffrage houskeeping, say, "How shall I know of speedy death, according to one of New Henceforln let whether we are living beyond our means? re- from the women of Utah. England's best physicians. But she nowthis women no man to represent their po- I can't get any idea of what we have to . trust And restored. health in joices perfect interests who is not elected in part by spend; arid while I try to be very carefu!,of happy result she attributes to the interesting litical women. It Is a crowning evi course, I might spend less on our table if we of votes the has which of ,"bee tending," Occupation dence of the truth of tho maxim that "no were getting in debt" Surely she ought; air. In the time the of open much her kept to bo blamed if the debt and credit ac- - ' - She recommends this, healthy , vocation to one class can safely be. trusted to represent not --- r - The population h counts are ' not prosperous. A loving and another." Inclined. thoso delicately women, especially Mormons anxious wife suffers untold Imaginary fears : Whether the '.'bee tending; is beneficial as is divided into two hostile classes, we doubt and Gentiles. The Mormon ; voters, even if she sees a tired or perplexed expression a health restoritive or not-ra- nd husband's face, unless she is assured not it would so prove in many instances-o- pen without the women, largely exceed the on her truest confidence between them,and this preponder of the air exercise is what thousands of peo- Gentiles In number. But of his Is kept 13 increased by the votes of the women" knows that no great concern ance themselves when suffer fort believing ple because almost all the women of Utah hap- - a secret from her. in need of other, les3 simple remedies. ' -- rCIwas able-bodie- m A Half-a-doze- o, v 'r of-Uta- 