To many of .our lady friends then we would she to do. She finds no stopping place, oven though she must 'work with a ejek and frctfu child iirher arm or on -- her Jap. -- Why at such times does not every woman hire some one to help her with: her. work? Very many do not because ."they have hb means of : paying hi h eljvHo w is 1 t possible for a wojna n thussj t uatea to do anything by which to earn money lo hire help with? and does it not require every cent earned by the husband and father to feed and clothe the family?. Look at a community thus situated, arid find an effectual remedy for an incse trouuics. we see but one. , Juen and women struggle on year after year iu the man ner above described, and in nine cases out of every ten their chances for less toil and. fatigue, say, spare much of 'your wasted time and relieve your minds of many: troublesome arid use less ideas in .relation to what should hi consid; ereaTr !genteel,jetquette;' etc .and; i turn your attention to tbe study of that which wiij :: v make you truly refined, ; i h It is but to gain possession of and then totml tivate'within the heart, the Spirit of God, to become not only agreeable and accomplished, but also loveablb in the eyes of all right thinking people. "Under the influence and direction of this divine guide no person will speak or act falsely or in a oy manner 'ungraceful or unbes) 't vi eeming.1 ' God does not env'Hls omnipotence Is appar-et i n smal 1 asHvelr aar ingreStnial teraNbr kr mora esy, and plexisautilfe wll li His 1 Gospel Tor anyz principle contained Uut let a unity ofinterests lift established, say "therein lead any one to com m it . an unladylike among the women, and . by wise and careful orlungeriltieiriarilyiai managem ent, all the d i fffcultie mentioned in vo fd or 'i$$fji$ii&ir! T i his article would at once bo removed. '' David, the an cieritpoehas beautifully II lu Everyone is better adapted for the following of tinted thes psafaf some pursuits than others uot so congenial. As where he shys: , kJ, 'i fc'?.7'Cy with spiritual gifts. In which to one is giren ' tHTUb law of theLord is perfect couvertihg the gift of prophecy to another the gift of the souir The testimony of the Xord is sure, tongues and to another the gift of heallug,&c.t o it 1 in regard to temporal matters. Some iuzuvmg wise me simple.';. 5riTo speak and act with wisdom is theririly women are natural or tailoresses, oe to and certain of speaking aud acting with way prefer cutting making up clothing labor. to of Others are experts any other kind propriety., and all; : other accomplishments, however desirable they may be in themselves, in the kitchen and delight in cooking and preparing, food, n Suppose one of eich class, living. larepf little worth compared jyith the-e- . It will, therefore, pay all parents who are do in close proximity one to another, should agree sifouslhat their children should : he, well edu to unite their efforts to maketheir homes comwould say Cited, o have them Uught fiwt of all theper fortable and orderly; - And feet law of the Lordthat they may obtain the "Bring your cloth to me and I will cut and sure testimony of his spirit, which i,wiil make raalthe grmbn ti riderVtapd th et aft o f cobki ng so xuuch , belt e r theniwise.-t: j in.j,,:, j, j ' ' than I do, you will cook for us I shall have , 4 .r' i . ' Mf--:- -- 'ty-iv'-- n -- , , dress-make- rs , -- out-an- d -- the-on- i - , t plenty atti UNITING ? INTERESTS, 1 OF ITS 1 day-ligh- t m a co-worke- rs: -- -- SOME was suddenly shot dead by somo unknown person, whilo sitting by the table reading. It was evening andlfiuIteJdaik which21rendered th tracing of tho assassin at the time impossible. t, Arid so far, neither diligent search nor anything else has given any clue to the perpetrator of tho fiendish act. We LiuxZfrbiii Sister Elizabetli Fox, of Frauklin, Oneida Co., that their Itelief Society has lately been newly organized. And from Sister Say, of Fairfield, Cedar Valley, that theBociety there is moving Eteaiiilyori in their good work. The sisters of the different societies , throughout the Territory, will please remember are always that their friends arid pleased to hear from them through the Expo- - 1 ADVAXTAGES 'TO ILLUSTRATED. WOJtAJJ time-allott- ed allbw-iworkb- been placedupon our table by frs. Vagstaff of "the "Sugar House rPIhksirpeoniesr scarlet gerauiums; crimson,- - yellow and white dahllasruBfestb dragon, sweet Williams arid white hyacinths, beautifully arranged and set off with asparagus silver-edge-d and a broad-lea- f grass, tne name ofwhichVwe:-'aro-lioK'acqualriled with. Wo gratefully acknowledgethis compliment of Sisr vv.'s, and thinw, aitnougn sno apoiogizcu or her bouquets being late, it has no look of "the last rose of summer." - -- woro in 'Hio ; 'BeMemdeh that: successes ni 1 man than in the country. ; Greatness lies no tin "being strongut in the right use of strength. ' ...TnEc5rvtain;;vay; to, be chcafel is lo txayj pno's sell moro cunning than others.' Strive to be as kind, forbearing, and forgiving as you can, both t();friend3 and foes. He that follows the Lord I fully will find goodness and mercy following him continu ally. should not discourage us if our kind- - ' It riess is unacknowledged; Ithasita inflderico , lies." Then the woman who liked the kitchen work, might answer. UOl that will be such a relief to me.' I can as well Jco ik for ten an for flyer but manage a I will, I am always in the rear1 with my eewmg." Both' women would thus find their; burdens made lighter by rtaif. The f eamstress would not; have to charge her mind with troublesome thoughts about preparations for dinner, that it might be Served in the proper time arid wiiy, thus distracting her at ,'XiXfe is ii How many frugal housekeepers, mothers of families or women in almost any department of labor can be found in our communities, who do not work more .hours of the them-fo- r existence here, and :in fact, accom- more than Is" consistent with the laws of nature and health? :Where is there one wlib f does not omekirid to infringe tention from the happy pursuit nf those labors more or jtrsa upoaine proper seasons lor rest? for which she was best qualified. 'Aid the cook Who ;dcsnottai''fim th necessary eight Would have no need to waste cloth aud spoil or nine hours ' (jepreularty, one ' two, or garments through being perplexed and' worried three hours forrthe'''fIh1sWng:u'df.soii;epiee-o- f over two or three things which she considered work, which must be Hone iti order to give herself necessitated to perform at the same time. place for something else? We may f ay they The sariiemtthod of pursuit may be corisld- Jjieariyj&lfjjtei-tn early ered in connection with all other branches of twensome ten others wearing theriiselvesoatj industry; and it will be found that immense still others and . fifty per ceufaster than they good would bo the natural result. ty ; should da Even' while bearing children they do not, ftinnbt desfet.; I. TherefjjreV f t cannot be HOME "AFFAIRS : j 1 - : ;k expected that they will bear children 'with 'sufficient hardihood and energy to eriabie them Tnnobtiit vflfK (M11 lennial S tarBetsy ever to accompl i$h great an d nob !e "ihi ngs;e ve n bf this city Pobson;requ,ests;Thomas.Dobsri -if they li ve to become men and women, j to communicate with her. care of James Top ; But ho w are these great evils, tojbe avoided? ping, 4 Leemlng Street, Preston," England. Cooking and; cleaning,- laundry work, making Debio Tn days of .the late' Conference. and; mending must all be done iu every house- numerous calls ;were made at rourolScaJbiy old hold; and who but mother is able to doit all, o "at least superintend each department and see friends and now and wq take XhU opportunity that things, are kept moving? i Often,' too, It for saying we were pleaded to meet tb em all. Advices rnoit Bear Lake Valley state that occurrs, right; in" the inidst of tho greatest hurry and worry about the work that the riurslrig the people there" have been blessed; this year baby falls sick. What elseVould reasonably be with the most 'abundant and finest liarvestof "of grain, ever; raised there, also that expected, "when day ftfter day Iho nourishment allltind3 i " it receives from its mother is heated M afek-enin- g livestock 13'dolrig finely.' A tragedy occurred at Bountiful eome'days degree by anxiety :and over work? Thfs as my e terious as it Is 'onlymakes the burden b? the wcr'irorn' but ago, wuu n appears to woman ten times heavier?'' She knows that for was' terrible.' MrsV Job u"'Adaa3sl a, 'rcsiUerit of - the sake of her precious bale if for nothiog else, the aboyo, named placa for nioro liiari'fif(een die ihtitil4 5t?p working so hard; ' but what is years, and a: good, kind, Inoffcrgivo woman, , flowers has t a 1 ; ? . - " - " i . . v'Xr j-- rf - - iti (sgGf perpetually-chanjrinsr ivhiclrrwB are ''' scenes. progress of car -- ' V' : ; ':'y ' Many run about after felicity, like 'an man hunting forihist hat while it ison his head or in his hand. , absent-minde- d ? is of no advautagel to havo It The' rnlnd wo arc not a ;lively If Just. perfection of not is Uie pendulum to go fast, but to bo reg'' '-'Ji ' ular. -- -y- very rich merchant who had an only son,mado his will, by which he gavo all his wealth, which amounted to 300,000 francs, to certain monks, leavlngjheia to give.his son such a sum as they, wished. died; The monks 'took nll to.tiiem-selve- s Without wishing to give anything p the heir. . Ho complained to the Viceroy, who, having seen the will,' asked the monks what the offered to the toni .""Ten thousand;, francs," thejf replied. ;;"Yoa wish, then to havo all the "Yes my lord: we demand the execution ef the wilt' That 13 Jus V said ,tho Viceroy ; , fbut you Io not understand it properly;. It is said" that tho son shall; have, that which you wIsh;you : grant ten to ;tho;sonj it Is i hen 200,000 francs' :that yoir want. t All!" well rollowlng I; A !heiiciatxso;bf'tho'wiD7 fxjf Eorir I onler yoirtaiyo'it to him; 10,000 franC3 ' remaining; riro; therefore the the yours." They were obliged to submits 9 