HISTORIAN'S OFFICE. f Church of Jesus Christ 'llfl U ' T" ; Vol. i J r:- -y- ; l SALT LAKE CITY, UTAIIr Arm 2. iltf HIT fl lllTl 1 No. 21. , 1874. A club of farmers in Chesterfield,Ill.,takes flowering untillajq in autumn. When you have gathered a suflicient number of ripe felOOworth of magazines and evspapers ,' ". .; There are many criminals who are both pods, cut away all the pods which may annually. :, : educated and intelligent; yet it is estimated afterward form. A New Jersey man claims a clear profit to ten one own crimes of the Flower Gardener." committed "Every Lady her that on seventy chickens and nineteeil' ducks, to tho be done stimultatire erently jrHouse plants oujrht ittimughput by cpuntryj ae last year, of $77. ' reso a week. once or ted twice Rain water, 41Iitepite EDITORIAL NOTES. I t i : i 'llJjLi ,."-.- :TniAsAs:S van ia. nave etccteu women io me uuitu ui f u n: iaiSo;a uounaS; to have the - question of school d irectors. joint resolution m ounce of manures. Take avote decided or woman suffrage by act of land containing 40. men the Will alononclude people. 1 w ater even 000 acres has been bought for a party of lldecisionjorthe question after all, or will the terJ to youngpiants Jlian jrain French emigrants. ' r. puzhuu ox me watpiv Reep the soil in the flower pots There is trouble in. the .Kansas AgricultiVii:iti"nnA Vxotiwv lAnfio people. have been Three Wh ito tural College, Board ofprofessors , The stuIt our readers retired Regents. THIS YEAR'SEMIGRATIOX. Water Lily (Nymphia Odorate) could be dents arebylhe indignant. we believe that very many ot cultivated, Ac manv nf nnr -rnndors mavv be interested IIIC1U t UU1U UC Minnesota i3 losing the Scandinavian vr a nv-V IjUllV tio I'i l which is drifting to Kansas, Nein the forthcoming emigration, we insert gardens as of any other portion of their ... braska and Colorado. IH- C- 1UUUW1IJU- UClUO, vuujiiiuuivuivu iu t.inrnmiips I' lilt TOO US. lUlVUIlT UUCli nrrv SL L. Herald bv Mr. W. C. Staines. Church Lred in the fnll were kent damn d urine the . President Grant recommends liberal apIn the flower in pots. agent: emigration ensuing winter,: by congress for the Philadelphia " The fare from New York to Ogden will be S)ring a tub was made by sawing a substari-a- s propriations Centennial Exposition. follows: For passengers 12 years old and tial barrel into, and this, duly painted green, Upward of 2,500 men have deserted from upwards, $51.00 with 100 lbs. luggage free;- Wils set on brick, put in the garden, and Pacific States 5 to 12 years, $25.50 and 50lbs. lug- third filled with mixture of garden soil, the army while stationed in the 1871. and Territories since t gage free, under 5 years, without luggage, sand and well rotted manure, The roots free. Extra luggage must be paid for at the were set in this mixture, water was added A Mississippi legislator introduced; a bill lbs.1 Omaha a Fare from rate of $8 per 100 in small quantities, and at intervals of day prohibiting the sale of liquor within five $35.00: extra luggage, $5.50 per 100 lbs. 0r two, and so gently as not to disturb the miles of the State University. In order to secure passage, you will have earth, until the tub was filled. Very soon Mr. Ruskin advocates the purchase by the to pay in advance. the handsome round leaves, four or five National Gallery of a splendid Madonna by Send your money to procure your ticket inches in diameter, made their appearance The cost will bo 40,000. for passage and extra luggage by post ofllce and filled the tub.:;; Tner.lffi3orvater4y-order- , Raphael. Mrs. Sarah E. Beatdfiiyettavl He, N. Y., or draft on New York, payable to evaporation was made good from time to to Hamilton College as a . Wm. C. Staines, P. O. box 3957, and your time, and ere long the blossoms appeared has given $5000 tickets will be-- forwarded in time, with in- - and delighted every one with their beauty, fund for the aid of needy students. structions when and where to join the com- - when cold weather came the water was The proudest man in the United States is when and about off almost to be must allowed You entirely, very particular dry panyX in Montgomery, Pa. He carried off 42 preits with tub of your luggage, it was thus nearly gone, the miums at the Doylston Poultry Show. stating the exact weight waterand on cellar your contents, Was placed in the as all over the amount not entered In Ynle Colle?o is to have a new chapel, a ed at longJntervals tlirjouh Hiieket will be charged t re? jeatv the spring the roots" were' ?sdpaTa1eiI"dnd" plain, but ubstan ialstonestructu company at much higher rates. and costing $120,000. LYou can go at any time after you receive about half the increase returned to the same ing 1,200 persons, tickets.-:.i;-'- 2L tub in a fresh mixture of earth, and they A movement to celebrate the Centennial than to bo New out earlier before, bv a prand exposition are now brought It will take , nine days to go from York to Salt Lake City, Utah, including- about April 1st and blossom yet more pro- confined to the United States,is talked of. to pur- fusely. The pure white flowers were as stoppages, and you must have means Mr. Gerrett Smith has given, free of con 1' perfect as the camelia; and delightfully fra- chase provisions for that time. ditions, the sum of $10,000 for the benefit of in the night and any closing grant, T have no funds in my hands ;to assist ' J in the morning as is the wont of Water Hamilton College, of wiucii no is agrauuate. one The Queen, at the recommendation of All funds raised in Utah for emigration Lilies. The blossoms were about two inches ' to" be jn diameter, not uite so large as. some of Gladstone, has granted a pension of $1,000 T)urpose3 are forwarded to England tne specimens m uiu iiuuu ucuw annum to the children of .Dr. Livingused there. per "'"-- ";;" roots were first ;aken, but not less oeauuiui stone. ' nor less fragmnt "Flower Garden:" FLOEAL HINTS. The statue of Mr. Seward will be shipped to New York in tho spring oM875. Itwill who are interestedlntholde: cost $25t000.nearly all Lof which has been "FACTS" AND FIGURES. wiU find flowers, of raising lightful pursuit subscribed. readpleasurable, and doubtless, profitableto offer New of It is estimated that the population " ' : Rnme of the New Hampshire Patrons of ing in the selections we propose is 230,9S5.. Orleans head. . ; from time to time, under the above Husbandry are buying flour at $8.25to per bbl. whereas they had pay $11 Wa.V nisn resriectfullvv solicit contributionsHiss Hannah Drury has bought a 222 0 acre by the from home writers who aro capable of giv- plantation in North Carolina. per bbl. for the same article at retail. in-Misso- ! i 1 -- - r umy. . more-stimulati- ng knew-howeiisUyJ- ha I I cm-migrati- W on, . - " , one-childr- en , . 4 " : 5 - fbr-by-the-rai- iroad , ; -your . t . re-openi- ng - : -- yiy - . ' - ,: ; iriends : ? , car-loa- d, 1 ingr inforrnatlotton tn.s mqieci, and weath-early as they will bear; . , Make a circle rounu u puic, as to which may cling tney.rise, Ject they A, puiuie ijcoaiuiu iuo Add well. them soaked having previously an outer circle every month, so that a con- tinual bloom may appear... . ine circiu ursi sown will ripen and pod for seed in the centre, while the outer vines will continue " the-win- d . -- V A Robert W. Scott of Kentucky states that he.has sold thewool of Angora goats through the agency of several New York: commission Many negroes whcrleft Jedrgialfpr-ailsi- s merchants at from 60c. tol.25 per pound. sippi areTeiurmua iw men w:"ui,ii1, At a recent exhibition in Zanesville, Ohio, l(j0hn Smith" of Chicago has sent $G00 . worn in 1788 was exhibited.; wedding-dres- s a Areasurers states iouacieuutj United .. , v The waist was about two inches long, but Fund. astonished tho ladie3.:raost; was, that According to an Ohio mathematician, one whatdress contained only two and a half man die3 from the use of alcohol every sev tho ";,;" yards of silk. en minutes. . 29g car od ne,vspaper of. Stockholm, - I 