WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 184 FLOWERS. ami are left L Manure Is allowed to go to waste when it run should be applied to land. Wagons are Good, the more .. communicated rooro'IT black smith's abundant grows. without greasing until a heavy Men take plow bill is the consequence. scattered broadcast Truths shares to the shop to get them sharpened the ages, lie eyes to see them. through waiting and get to playing a "little game"in the close by, and forget the plow After "all, what wo make out of life whiskey-mil- l until it is too late to use it that day, so they depends upon how we communicate with go on playing one game after another, until life. they are too drunk to use it the next day. Gratitude is the throwing out of our Ropes and sacks are thrown down and trod hearts in the light of another's kindness. den under feet of horses. Ex. L H. W. Beeeher. A dampened flannel will clean chair It is a great mistake to set up our standcushions better than a feather duster. ard of right and excellence, and judge people. accordingiy,il SC0TII S : see how and on it Scatter your .shelves, It is always safe to learn, even from our will go. quickly they enemies;" seldom safe to venture to instruct, a take When silver wants polish, piece even our friends. of soft leather and some whiting and rub The history of civilization may be sum hard. The proprietor of one of the oldest es- - marized in nine words: the more one knows, tablishments in Philadelphia,says that house" " can more one the perform. in keepers ruin their silver by .washing it soap sudsyiis It makes it look like pewter. How indestructahly tho good grows among the Stove lustre when mixed with turpen and propagates itself,of even evil. Carlyle. tine and applied in the usual mariner, is weedy entanglements blacker, more glossy and more durable than Three questions to be put to ourselves when mixed with any other liquid. The before speaking ill of any man: First, is it turpentine prevents rust, and when put on true? Second, is it right? Third, is is, nec art old, rusty stove will make it look as well essary? (For the Expokestt toget-dry-AndfalLtolstxy- es. JANUARY. The fair South Wind, with the magical key To unlock Earth's cold fetters of ice, Came Hinging of Southland about us y , With tenderly tremulous voice. .. . to-da- She played with old Winter,s long iclcied hair, .With blandishments soothed him to sleep, Then sprinkled with raindrops his carpet so fair, ". Which melted in rills 'round his feet. Sho breathed on the diamonds which studed his crown-H- is rare lust ered Jewels of irost his wrinkled cheeks down They melted, and trickling were , lost. Plashed into the rills and ' Then she mimicked and flouted the doting old man, And dabbled hcxIceiialherU "ttabbllngrwttfria i Rut weeping werealithe'whit hlllsSrrl " . But the stern old King woke from his "slumber at last, And quickly perceiving her Jeers, He shook his wet locks, In his terrible wrath, And his glanee froae the hills' tender tears. 716 sent for fresh gems from his treasures untold, His rolling unfurled; , And called up the North Wind so cruel and bold To hunt the pert Miss through the world. He came with his legions in mailed, darts poised in air And with needle-kee- n They shrlektd and they shouted and fiercely they wailed Liko demons escaped from their lair. , . T cloud-banne- - : rs frost-arm- " or The maid, at their coming, In trembling affright, 'LjLZFJefi back to hwjlnnennost cell, While futlous North WfnT.withrches v Obeyed stern oldWlnter King well. ; He searcllet every dwelling with ruthless intent, lie shouted through each lonely dell, He shrieked down ravines 'mid the mountain-top- s pent And all night his hoarse voice rose and fell. His power supreme none might dare to deny, ... So, though quaking in terror and dread, The meek driven snow, with a shivering sigh, '" 7 Once more for a carpet was spread. At last dawned the morning, stark, lifeless and cold, ' Enshrouded in vestments of white; .,, And though South Wind was safe 'mong her flower ? of alTghtr"" " . as new. ist; . Lu DAvroy. soap. reasons why poverty and want ex- Bones are Nice burned that would make s are thrown into haridled-knive- s - are hot wdternb! r thrown where mice can destroy them. Tubs and barrels are left in the sun to dry and fall apart. Clothes are left on the line to is whipf to pieces In the wind. left to sour, instead of making a few tarts for teal Vegetables are thrown away that Would warm for breakfast. Dried fruit is not taken caro of in season, and becomes wormy, ' Bits of meat aro thrown out that would make hashed meat or hash. The cork Is left out of the molasses jug, and flies take posession. Pork spoils for the want of salt, and beef because the brine wants scalding. Coffee, tea, pepper and spices are left standing open, and lose their strength. Potatoes in the cellar grow, and the sprouts are not removed until they are useless. Flour Is sifted in a wasteful manner, and the bake-pa- n left with the dough sticking to it. Vinegar is drawn in a tin basin, and allowed to stand til both basin and vinegar are spoiled. Cold puddings are considered good for nothing, when often thoy gan bo steamed for the next day. The Press in General.Still spoiledr-"Dish-cloth- Pie-cru- st other reasons: n grog shops and stores,-Whe- " ' v' ' Then, said his Lordship, "Well, God mend all!" "Nay, Donald, we must help '. Hirnto mend it!" tsaid the other. Rush-worth- ' The true - . : glory of a nation is the full recognition of the rights of its working people. They are the basis of all its wealth :- and prosperity. There is no man's mind of so discordant and jarring a temper, to which a tunable How to cook craw BERRiES. Add one disposition may not strike a harmony. ' Sir teaeup of cold water to a quart of cranber- Thomas Browne. ries, ana put them on in a porcelain or other No good that the humblest of us has preserving kettle. After cooking ten min- wrought ever dies. There is'one long, unutes, add two heaping cups of sugar and erring memory in the universe, out of which cook about ten minutes longer, stirring connothing good ever fade-- . stantly from the time they are put on. Pour out into a bowl, and, when cold, it can be Conscience is a great ledger book, in removed as jellytirom a mold. The berries yhich al Four offencesrewrittenand reg--r will seem very dry before the sugar isadded, istereL andlvhjchtihwl,'0Yeals:1o":the sense-anbut if more water is put in they will not feeling of the offender. Burton. form jelly. Useful industry does not so much cona of Take Cheap vinegar. quantity sist in being continually busy as in doing common Irish potatoes, wash them until promptly those things which are of the first they are thoroughly clean, place them, in a importance, and will eventually prove most large vessel, and boil them until done.iDrain profitable. ; off carefully the water they were cooked in, Success rides on every hour; grapple it straining it, if necessary, in order to remove it every particle of the potato. Then put this and you may win, but without a grapple weanever go with you. Work is the potato water into-- jug or keg, which set will of honor, and he who lacks the weapon near the stove, Or in some place where it pon will be kept warm,and add one pound of su- will never triumph. ..: gar to about t wo and one-ha-lf gallons of the The action of the soul isoftener in that water, some hop yeast, or a small portion of which is felt and left unsaid, than in that whiskey. Let it stand three or four weeks, which Is said in any conversation Itbroods and you will have excellent vinegar, at a over every society, and inen unconsciously cost of six or seven cents per gallon. seek for it in each other. Emerson. To remove mold stains from books withThe king, in reality, is well served; out injuring the paper the Scientific Amerinor fortune is considered when can gives the following directions.: 1. Wet, neither life pleasure is the question. If we were as with pure, clean water. 2. Soak in a dilute his well disposed toward God, we should be solution of bleaching powder. 3." Pass saints indeed. Madam do Sevigne. thrQughvatermadosourto the tasteby muriatic acid. 4. Soak in pure water until There is no doubt of the essential riobllall traces are removed, and dry. It Ity of that man who pours into his life the is not necessary to say that this operation honest vigor of his toil, over those wrho You-marequires careful manipulation. compose the feathery foam of Jashion that the moistened paper sweeps along Broadway; and who ignoring try, instead, exposing to the fumes of burning sulphur, which is a the family history, paint to good bleaching agent, and then passing it cover up the leather of their grandfathers. . through water and drying. . a they should be building or repairing poultry houses. Men hang over patches of unbroken fences, talking of anything to kill time and leave the broken panels unraended until stock , get in and destroy "Garden sauce" enough to supply the family table a month. Wash tubs aro taken to the barn to wash horses legs In, - remedy for many things. It willlcure sick headache make cream freeze, make the butter come,take inkstairis out of cloth of any kind, kill wens, Jclll worms, make the ground cool, so that it is ease more congenial to celery, cabbage, the itching pain caused by irritablejskin disease, hives, itch,fce., produceA'Sinltirig or stop it, as you like; and manlpther things too numerous to mention. HOUSEI6lD HINTS. Some r Salt is a simple AU her rills had .been slain In tho night. Jan. 187k ' ; , gold, - -- -' of-aei- d y1 coats-of-ar- ( ms : . -- 1 d 