WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ICO I write in seeming bitterness, Millard Count i, it Delilah Oleson, Fillmore, A SMART WOMAN. TIRED OF FASHION. but neither spiteful nor an old maid, but a I am plain- - woman, who while she faced, common-scns- o confesses her own weakness of following r the lash Ions, and even-absu- rd ones, jnoat and what I, and every you heartily deplores right-thinng woman regards as a most pernicious evil. When, we consider the time spent in shopping:, in looking for nondescript Colors, for "trimingd to match,!' for. "loves of bonnets," for all the little bundles of fashionable folly daintily tied by handsome ki Two years ago Miss Dollie Itunkle, of Des Moines, Iowa, commenced as a clerk in the extensive dry goods establishment of Knight Brothers; without any previous experience. A few days since, Mr. Knight being unwell and unable to make purchases that the house j required, the duty devolved upon this young lady, who bought from samples seven thousand dollars worth of goods, and, to use Mr. K.'s own language, did it as well as any merchant in town could have done it.". Success honestly attainedin any occupation Belinda i, JM. Fratt, Miss Mary Call ister, ,, Heaver County. . Mrs. Ruth Tyler, Beaver, Iron County. v Parowanp laryWeimer, Mitt! Tiiunrvliina (ifviltlv i Mrs. Ellen Lunt, Cedar Ciiyv V Mary Ann Lunt, Cedar City. ,, Kane County. Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kanarra, ; Washington County. is worthy of commendation, and the. sue? -- Caroline Jackson, St. GeOrge. Elizabeth Canfield, Hamlin's ii Fort XJesshaHnjtwoyears1 imeenables-anonex- s to have4henradjusted to our forms, with all perienced gl rl to perform the d utyof an ex- - perienced merchant is as notable as it Is their milling, pinking, tquillingad !,.jfo1.deRS. II. K. PAINTElt, M. D. .... j. i r ,1.. " ii. : uus is uuwc, worthy. row, unit uien .reiuuiuuer luai 7 IvLEctkic im$i&t- sometimes daily for weeks and months, it is Electricity administered when casos requre. perfectly apalling! 0, such precious moThe human mind is searching for truth Street, one and a hal ments frittered away! Running up, in one as it never sought before and when truth is Office, East side of Second East short year to golden hours, weeks and found no earthly power can destroy its force, blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake City.months! The English maiden, who de- or shake the allegianco of those who love it pends on the cultivation of mind and quali for its own sake. Theology, which is of JJARY II. BARKER M. D., .... ties of heart for entertaining, allows herself man, may bend or break in its efforts to em OfHce Building, Main just fifteen minutes for the adjustment o barrass or hedge in the irrcsistable advance ctrcet. oppofite01dContitulun 3 10 to Office hours a. m. p. ni. her toilet, while her American cousin spends of scientific investigation; but religion, hours arid hours, curling, frizzing, crimping which is of God, has nothing to fear from ' and coloring her hair, rouging her cheeks, the progress of truth. JJRS. CARPENTER, and penciling her brows, and after the ' Physician and Surgeon, laborious process is completed, she only sue Office ati the Townsend Uouso. Room No. ceeds in disguising her natural loveliness, AGENTS. and destroying her precious health. "Wes "7 ter's Recorder. Salt Lake City. ; ookingv iii -- - - -- , Mrs. Zina D. Young, 11 Margt. P. Young, SAYINGS AND DOINGS. Iceland has altogether the start of Amer ica. We propose to celebrate our nation's - centennial i .a, 18 76 j bu yn from the cwhile, land of snow and ice, yolcanoesiridTgeypf comes the intelligence that the Icelanders propose to celebrate their millennial in 1874. In 874 Ingolf, a Norwegian chief, planted a small colony on that island, which had been discovered a few years before. In about half a century many thousands of hardy settlers had established themselves oh this cold and barren isle. At one time the popu lation numbered no less than 100,000 : - but the inhabitants have suffered greatly from 'famines, epidemics, and volcanic casuali- X ? 1- - 41 . ' I 1 f i .t ii it 11 Amanda Kimball Elizabeth Davis, Has removed Hampton, 16th Ward, Sarah E. Smith, - Mary J.Thomson, Margaret Steel, Miss Sarah E. Russell. Irs. A. M. Frodsham, Ogden, " Caroline Lunn, Huntsvillc, Miss Maggie AIcBride, Eden, rans. fl. ; Cache County. A. Maughan, Ix)gan, , WALLACE Has the best, large t and purest stock of confec-tionar- y in.Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies MariaTarkinson, Wellsville. NEW CLUB RATES." Elder County. ii Harriet Snow, Brigham" City. "Ma'ry Clark, Farmington, Aurelia Rogers, Margaret RandelljCentreville, Elizabeth Barlow, Bountiful, busan Urant, it Sylvia Clark, ii ii we-ofl- er &d t Lake County. - n Higgins, West Jordan, IpseSjJMg Cottonwood. .ITi1Toccle County. T ' - . Mrs. J. Do La Mare, Tooele City. Mrs. E. Clegg, Mrs. M. A. House, Grantsviile. V Brown, Pleasant Grove, Ann Bringhurst, Springville, Harrison, Margaret Tfc Smoot, Provo City, Rebecca Slandering, Lehi. Juab &uHly,----"---Amelia Goldsbrough, Nephi. Ann Pitchforth, ., Martha J. Coray, Mona, Amy L. Rigler, Nephi. . M 11 11 1 f ' Sanpete County. !:IM, Sarah Peterson, A. P. Hyde, Spring City. Ephraim, Helena ladison, Gunnison. Irs. JJoel Peterson, Ephraim. ' Mrs. Mary .Thorpe, 10 ' copie8;-l-yearrwUh- -a eopy.lft'.-thfetti- ir -- $18 00 up of the club 15 copies. 1 year, ilb a copy to the getter 26 00 up of the club 20 copies. 1 year, with a copy to the getter . up or tne club and a framed steel engrav-ifiK- ", 12xlC inchct, of Pmident Brigham , 34 00 Young, selling price, ?2 60 30 copi . 1 ear, with a copy to the; getter j : upof th club, and a superior first jproof, steel engraving of President Brigham,, You isr. handsomely framed, selllne -43 00 i prico $4 Clubs can bff commenced at any tim; and additions .can be made after the first lift of names has been sent. ; be remitted can at the letter by registered. Mney risk of the publishers. ' ' , VV hope ladies throughout the Territory, especialthe Presidents and Seeretariea of Relief Scietiej ; ly will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will constitute themselves agenU for the extension of the circulation ef the Expokxht. . Utah County. -- Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the f tb Publisher, to increase the circulation "of the ExroyEXT apd aid in promoting the objects con templated in its publication, by making it truly an exponent of rlhe views of the women of Utah, sus tained by them, read by them, and its columns enriebci with a widely circulated expression of their the following terms "to clubs, so as thoughts, to prepare for increasing the value and importance of the pajc with the beginning of the next volume,-- ' which larger subscription list will enable us to do2 pa-to- Davis ii CORXER, to i urchase. Jane S. Coleman, Smithfield. ! A. Shaw, Hyrum. II. it ii ii CO-O- I. r Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. J2dj ilyJVYoodru ff, R andolph. thL. it BLOCK WEST OF WHOLESALE AS WELL AS A' RETAIL BUSINESS. Jlich Count y . his Furniture from Main St. to his three storey Brick Store on Where he is prepared to do a Oneida County, Idaho. Mrs. "Orissa Allred, St. Charles, JNlary Kieli, II. DINWOODEY FIRST SOUTH ST., Weber County, J. raised in Jceland, bu t jvegetabdes can be cultivated, and fish and birds are abundant Forests formerly abounded, but now the island is almost destitute of trees, and the want of fuel is severely felt The islanders are of the Scandinavian race, and are by no means lacking inintellectual capacity. Although there are but few .educational institutions, domestic education Is univnrsnl; and the people are intelligent Many of the most valuable works - of English-literature have been translated into the native tongue, and are read and appreciated by the common people.-Al- l the inhabitants believe the doctrines of the Reformation In their primitive simplicity, and the majority of them are Lutherans in profession. In short, the Icelanders are as prosperous as could be ex-- " pectcd of any peoplo living in such a barren country, and deserve a national festival. Mrs. Elvira Barney, Lily Staines, Sarah Smith, about 60.000. Iceland contains an area of 40,000 square miles, of which the glaciers cover a surface of upward of ' 4,000 square miles and there are thirty known volcanoes, of which eight have been active within a century. There are also numerous ther mal springs, the principal of which is the Great Geyser, in which the water, at a feet, is thirty degrees depth of seventy-tw- o above the boiling point. Water and stones are thrown at intervals from this geyser to - can bo j - - -- . -- . . . : , V 