J 68 'K "" r their limits; and laugh a great deal at For the ExrorasT. old-fashion- notions and ways, term them but OUR MOUNTAIN HOME.! fni of date, out of style, and not adapted to the ne ideas Sol fitn. htit hay e hev-any A home was ours when Nature rore for all a smiling face: to own - reDlace them or sueestions to w v Where we with feeble virtue strove to serve the God of their .cj grace; offerrexcept perhaps, a few quotations from But enemies of truth aroset and burned our peaceful some mouern iasmonauio writer ui iigub ""''" homes 1 i era t ure or the opinions of some f presidi h e roam r1rnr And u tr thi wlMrnc. nlnne nnd Inst to';'"' ireninsof "nnlito societv" Thev sneer a Forlorn, fatigued, and sore distressed, and pinched with those who and little about religion want and cold; . ridicule . .. foes rejoicing in our Woes, God did pur grief behold are really earnest ana sincere or seeKing And over deserts, hills and plains, lie led our trusting true methods of improvement; in fact they :' . .feet ,r C like to bo thought a little wicked, and mo To Pesercti dear Defferet, a sweetsecure retreat - f doubt they are so, lbr:r -t- p-- a home provided tor her by tender and loving parents; people wonder why she is not like tne rest. ne is sougnt art0r;and'r-8tudledJ- ed .aiuyiios esty fly to her as a rescue from the artificial,1 A ' - , -'-.- : , i.v ' "Satan finds seme mischief still For idle hands to do Then cheer again for tJtah! the land we love 60 wel 1: , Thanksgiving for our Mountain Home in truthful num- ; bert swell; zS 'll:Si i is the home It our God has given where we in peace -- r- ' ' - ' mod- ;ladigLof;jtl)fiir..acquainB. stereotypedoung S: 4tance. vx-TX"- Is crraco, kindness, true delicacy of behavior to vanish caprices, yageries, frivolities ana seif-forfcretfuln- -. arid ess before-th- e noth- ingness of fashionable society, if these things are its essence ?. Can we onlvresrert this state of thlhers, and look with fear and dismay: urh suh irls as the mothers of the future jace of men? fbr wherever woman failFshort of perfection.'r man US in cbnse- m qu'ence, similarljraflfectedIs notjthiasome even in this advanced age. . ' At.J-.- t i or Deneain excellence in sianaara ine tiling They feel disgusted with their home and womanhood, and as mothers shall, wo yield its surround ings,T and hayf ahutter con to ' . - , .r majdwell. this prevailing ihfluelicerbriiaHive for real life and every thing domestic ; empt We came into this mountain land aU d and hev are dviriff to iro to San Francisco, or turn to pur covenants arid : to our- - mission worit "P lf!e ear rescue, ourselves from the Put thankful to our fathers' God who gave us thus a home; New York," or some place more stylish and lUethargy into which -we have fallen and And hero we dweltv contented well, from all theworJd more expensive: the v wonder papa ever re- fuses them money: and simply because they Pet t0 work vigorously,- with solidity of apart, ana all con-t-o In aland once thought a barren zXXJxiX2L wild, completely defo- - arc not iorced to earn their bread, they seem PnIaracter Urmn?S3 of mind, ....... it;t this. per. late. L ;, feel there is no particular reason why they ?c.ious womanly dignity counteract ,; . j, the desert But Labor has a potent charm to wake smile, should do anvthin?. 'A little' tatting tn nicious influence ana crush: tne continued Change desolation into bloom and barreness beguile.. strokesfbf-- this unreflecting and absolute sWv nfT thPir white. dHipjife hands einhnr. Neat little village spring' 'up beneath its magic swav, . . . .. :.; nnwerv . . . ., ... - n ;n. Contentment and prosperity attend its happy way. aieiy oraameuieuj wi in rings or some nigmy I S. L. City, Sept. Oth, 1874. sensational novel, serves tneir purpose Tor Then deer again, &c employment: the only, enthusiasm they ever We gladly till the trifling, soiiand raise the golden grain, manifest is for parties or amusements of With orcbardi fair and gardens gay we clothe tho smil that nature: WOMAST,S VOICE. they patronize the theatrdnot h ing plain: for what thev can learn there of the lenna We build our homes and ' ' ' ' ' ' ' " : : travel-staine- -- ; i : . . ; I .. v- k - " make them fairrw drive the Expoxekt: onifel)utbe(usetTis7fashionablethev saw and plane. The vise and anvil never rust, we make them ringagain; coquette and flirt with; the beaux of their In trying to speak through your columns, witones revolve, and spinning mules and busy shuttles "set," see and are seen, and the only thing I realize my weakness and how dependent uy, remember distinctly is the-- description- I I am. .upon mv heavenlv Father fhr His Hnlv they : . : ip it While sewing machines and Angers too the' m. i j glittering rne or wararooe. siar actress' is mv first attempt. Tneir minds Spirit to assist me. ' needles ply. f ana are Decome not 4lncMx MAKurioruRKr' Is our cry, 'Lets capable of but still the precious maxim encouraeres me. aissipatea Independent be ' ui mose wn arove us years ago and laughed our woes concentration; there is Tio depth to them. "Never say can't. but trv." ' ' , . m It 4 to see!" - . . Then cheer , , ,.r, , " aain, ic. . no substance which, is really solid; Thev My whole heart is in this kino-dom-- 11 n' lltnnn .1 OTnorlonPft O w Cr1f tf Ytni.tfinn4f Ai4 11. .TJ m if cum Ann, i urtvc a ucoue iu uu uii 41.. iue x.Avuw utuiuuvMnuu) jjoou Belled to walk a block'Hvhh- iriferef" J rlU t , We thank our God Who brought us here : - and I iuy power ofloWf for every bless- - friend dowdyish or country, what a blessed people we are, gathered up ing given fied (as they term it) and feel as if an apol- - here in these valleys, where !we can listen .':;'..:-First for this rugged' mountain home, a refoge and a ogy were necessary, should they chance, to tne wora or tne x.ord through His Ser; baven; under-dresse- d, ; We thank him for the sunshine bright and for the winter's snow, J'. u.7..' And the Mountain barrier He has set 'tween us ; . and many meet one or their fashionable vants and receive hoi v ordinances and them style is upper blessings which the world ' know not of. acquaintances; with .... and one : thing needful to How thankful we ought to feel ! Still, I no the most, money, maintain it. Their fathers mav srrow crav. tlPA that-thermraloce tixliffn.Anf cn!!f iuu in eaun. uroop in spirits.-undethe bur- I mainnaritself manifest in nnrmfdsK Whnr. den of their idleness and extrava aranee? th - - - w ennse nf av uui , v " j i -fa the ,7.... . II "If. . . v. . . . .1 -ut fA Jl.. ouc Bj. uor win inev aiiriDUte ns tens thnt the. it invf iresiaent" W hao uu v time MMhi to memseives. yet are they wholly emit- come for tho "United Orrler" he estnh. less Ihey are persistently blind to every- - lished among, this people? I think that thing save, their own wants, and sacrifice those who are living their reii of womanhood to this tendincr to their nravers every true feeling tirivilee'esL will and '1 " . . r . ' 0""-- ' " f T.m-ri oi are to bow down themselves the . v.. 4r.nvCr?vin inev moMiry style, v. with iiiuunci;) a u mavea uuu aim io rinvw tne cnains ot Don-- 1 ana praise that they are, through the provi-dag- e I so dences of His Almirrht . tightly around father and mother. . . . ; luiiiVU iu I r no iu rnu ttiiu uisiuri uu ineir nurnoses nnn i see tms rinv ' Ntiii tho CAi..tnAo enorts ior emancipation. The ambition :of I that there is to be a great falling away and tueir tuts is 10 pass "muster m society" and that a clividinir 1 ne shnll he Hmwn The rW secure a ncn nusDana: and. to neenmnlish ItimehnQ ...v. fmrto jii..- -; sprvu i ... vc iLiuai timer "v nucii r ' I uns.au arouna memTnusiBuccomb. rheirs I God or TUnmmmi mOB . If IICH OllUUlU TAliI- -. 5t . f wuio ruie, uiey assume unaue airs, they ine ourselves, pray earnestly to our Father c ; u ' in aeaveD lor His Holy Spirit to be with us Vu Za T V. ("leni that i weoiawtnan memseives; we :may learn our true position what and inexperience ignorance1 bear the we have been here for and what Is ana aner ineir oioom and youth has passed, required at our placed, hands. ,1 can bear.'tfstimnnv .. "nat. resoorco yo they to draw npon, In to tne truth of the Gdspel. and I know that "? austy chambers of their brains? the "United -Order" is fmm wf we obey;tho same wo shall be to return to the celestial pres!permit "" ence of -our Father in Heaven. For, we know 1I,at " i flnTJw Heaven's first laws, and that ".or ral ' "'" Uod 0U13a of order, and where confusion T anJ u5 '3."01 wntDti nt Tin who His style; reign,, "Vu h HoIy Spirit will1 not dwell. I to WiI1 to those.who do not understand it, for do not Znt ith dnlil 10 now say a word against it, neither against who her Plural future innsnnrtn Marriage, .. . .w o ... ... i . " fnr th..v. trui ha .,.un i nxwa auu . K ujust not do inncd witn nor !mtAr ioKL-oi. we may ask curse ves K"My lot and cheerful, joyous and in the the question?, Aro we wise or are we fool- happy meanume, 10 AM. . tfir-V- For life and health, for kindred ties, toPnimcxATtoti "v nnd fire. uuuamcu wnicn inangjul hearts Inppire. i ; : rn '..'TJ7T He is our help in every need, our Father,. Guide and ' Friend; , . , Oh! let us worihy children proro and f erve nim to the ' : - ; . end." : . Then ch?er again, &c. ' , - , . OUR FASHIONABLE YOUNG LADIES. By Bljjvciie Beech wood. 7 uJZL. tw lm17. wrtdisclfch.-slaiwv-loud-antais- TUld tlTl?' Ur .1. " -" J- 1 - - - c . . 1 .' : . M a ..fio'S TBVTi 'd rTS VMtirtZZZT.A0 fM". lnvasia t ' , . prira' etald- - over-runin- g tho Wot and unl Smothers have r P?ritan them? all fhesew ' iifwimniici,.ougni vwu;41- ments are superficial and not for use but for auu. Aney stretch themselves far beyond ,1. "".. t ' -- - .... . - - A wr - vuu uuw unnKinat with all the advantages for improvement which are so universally afforded in our day,' wo ought to produce a superior class of young ladies. And yet it is impossible" to avoid" noiielnir . "A Intellectuality nmi V- Tacertalnstvlo" of I'..."1 the latest and mo,t style) Is adopted by tho whole set. Man- ners conversation and appearance, aU savor oi laienesj ana vapia frivolity. . ; ' , Beaver Co., TJ. T., July ftith, 1 . lt-u- -- J. r"???11 ' 'l pp. 1 v- . n j 