WOMAN'S EXPONENT 11 PEN AND SCISSORS. pluck, but I am satisfied, from traveling and personal observation, that the women From a discourse by President George A. of France are thoroughly aroused, and that Placards on the St. Louis street cars deSmith, delivered May 10th, 1874, in tho in the next war between those two nations, clare that "this car can't wait for ladies to the Prussians will have; to fight the worn en kiss good-byeNew Tabernacle, S. L. City. of France, and then France will be likely ' Bulwer considered journalism more r Reported by D. W. Evans for the I)es- -' to win. fitted to destroy bad governments ttian: to ' construct foundations for good ones, advice to Relief Societies. I say to our sisters of tho Relief Societies, We think there is much truth "in the obHOME PUBLICATIONS'. be encouraged, meet together and discuss servation of Josh Billings that "success Instructho that advise "Juvenile also I all questions that are calculated to interest don't konsist in never making blunders, but chilour be circulated tor" extensively among or benefit the community, as you have the in never making the same, one the seck-on- d dren. It isa work calculated to inform ability; and as no man can be elected to . time" their minds on the principles of the gospel; office in this Territory without the vote of Happiness between husband and wife from its pages they may also gain a know- - the ladies, make yourselves thoroughly can only be secured by that constant th t ha-p- al i t icsof - the Jedgejafthojhistory re" J, as ayariety of other useful and entertain-in- g country, but with every principle of local which are based upon warm and demonstrainformation. It is a very useful publi- government-th- at may bo advanced, and tive love. In a word, and conbenefits is of and the it capable benefit is to cation, calculated whatever the then, must reign, or ferring upon our young people are numer- people in their private or domestic circles, else the heart starves. ous and great. While speaking on this sub- you will be enabled to vote intelligently ject I will refer to other papers published by and to carry it through without difficulty. A worthy Quaker thus wrote:- - "I exin these The "Deseret brethren our valleys pect to pass through this world but once. If, : woman's influence. the Mprovo "Herald," "Junction," News," therefore, there be any kindness l ean show, Times." and the ''Beaver and St George En We spend a great deal of our money in or any good thing I can do to my fellow huall of which of contain deal a good terprises," following vain fashions, and in purchasing a man beings, let me do it now. Let me not information about our home affairs specially, great many articles that are useless. These defer nor neglect it, for I will not pass this and of events in the wTorld generally. I hope societies, if they choose, can make their way again;" that,ih all the stakes of Zion, the people will own fashions, and they can make them ac: unexpected meeting of a long separatmanifest a spirit Jtnd determination to cording to wisdom, and so as to promote ed-AnfiithTrahd son took place in a San port papers which are published for .their health; a great many of the fashions of the benefit. The "Deseret News," daily, semi world arecalculated to destroy health. A Francisco restaurant the other day. The but weekly, and weekly, ubesides the general hiindred questions'conhected with domestic father had been in the mines for years, letnews of , f ha world, alio contains many of economyhousekeeping, cooking, making through the removal of his family his the serriibns of President Young and others bread and kindred subjects, that are of im ters had failed to reach them, and they had of the church autnori ties, and it should, be portance to the stomach, health and longev believed him dead until the son recognized .widely circulated in 'all the settlements of ity of every man and woman in the Terri- him in the heavily bearded gentleman sitthe Saints. The mails now run to all parts tory may be properly discussed in these Re- ting opposite him at the table. and though we can not lief Societies, and useful information disof Somebody was once offering advice to boast a great deal about the punctualitjr of seminated. A great many of the women his Presidential casome of them, yet in nearly every settle- in these valleys have not had good oppor General Jackson, during and showing a vast amount of wisdom ment a mail comes along once in awhile tunities to become acquainted with the art reer, about something that did not in the least is and ajrnan bringingtheferetjjTews, oireiKjMngaudha coherrThlmF pretty safe on the main thoroughfares, in something to do with every person's hapHe finished at last, as all things earthly taking the Weekly, and in many localities piness. The example of the ladies, and the must have an end when tho old General or Daily may be ventured influence wh ich th ey exercise, have a tenthe lafd quietly: upon. above all things else, to maintain, dency, "I knew a man, down in Tennessee, who SUSTAINING THE EXPONENT. create; and preserve good morals. Men are was very poor and had a largo family; but We must do something more in relation apt to Mhave themselves in the society of he brought them up well, and showed them to printing-T- he Woman's Relief Society women, and if Xvomen act wisely and pru- all how to make their' fortunes.. How do are publishing a paper called the Woman's dently in guiding and controlling the course you think. he did it?" " r!"Ddn't know, I am sure.?' ENPX5NENT7hieh"is ar"TeryablyDdited aQdnduciofhotheryh'ey'WJlbe:bler to to a extent, guide, control, and reguthem to mind their own busisheet, and one containing a great deal of in- late great "Taught and morals the men. conduct of We ness," replied the old wirrion Phil. Home formation. I am surprised that all the genthai the of the Weekly. policy tlemen in the Territory do not take it. I think, however, world in wi Christian thro the , ng responsiinvite all the elders, bishops, and presiding so far as is Expression in dui f . Owen Meredith bility, morality concerned, enofBcersIinl the stakes of Zion, on their remarks: "Women arv snore like flowers home, setting the example themselves, tirely upon the heads of women, is a blun- than we think. In their dress and adornto solicit all their brethren, and especially der; the men should be held responsible for ment express their n tures ns tho flowthe sisters, to become subscribers of this their own ac ts, and w h eni th ey a re gu i I ty ers dothey their petals and .' u Inrs. Some wobe DfJhaLwhich iscorrupt, low, or degrading, little sheet, for I am sure that they-wi- ll men are like modest dai.! s and violets interested in the instruction . and informa they should be looked upon as transgressors never look nor feel t Iter than when tion it contains. I will say that we expect and cast aside until, by repentance and up- they dressed in a plain morning wrapper Others in a short time, through the patronage of rightness, they- prove that they are worthy are not themselves unless r j can flame out the brethren and sisters, that the ladies will of confidence. in gorgeous dyes, like t tulip or blush be able to enlarge this paper, and to extend tue elctive .franchise. rose. Who has not' seen women just like exercising its influence far and wider Never let an election go by, or any other white lilies? We know several, marigolds POWER OF THE LADIES are women fit only ,for occasion in which it is important for us to r , v . !rc stnTl 4lrc n rrfo rft fill It has been my privilege to make visits take a part, without paying attention to it. Now and then to,and to become acquainted wi th the Ladies! This advice is for the ladies as well as for and airy, like the azaleas. Relief Societies in many of the settlements the gentlemen, for every lady of twenty-o- n you see hollyhocks and sunflowers. Wheni Izqiiq Li h o women arc free to dress as they like uncon- in t he Territory, and I am convinced t ha t Qycars 0Lage.wJ iq-- J States, or whoso husband or father t rolled by otiiers, and not limited by their great good results from the labors of these United the3y do not fail to express organizations; and I feel certain that unless is a citizen of the United States, has a right, circumstances, Ihe ladies take hold of any movement de- under the laws of Utah, to vote; and no one their true character, and dress becomes a hope to holdofllce in CJtah if the ladies form of expression very genuine and useful." signed to forwardJheWork of the Lord in neednor-" the last days, i ts progress will be tardy. In say all parts of the World, when nations are at "How shall we settle the labor question?" war, unless the women take an interest in gentleman asked a you. ug lady tho matter, the war goes on very heavily. exclaimed a member of the Georgia Legist what she thought of the marriage state in I am of the opinion that in the next war be- lature, in the mi 1st of his speech. "By all general. . "Not knowing, can't tell," was. tween France and Germany, the French will going to work, andearning your living hon- the reply, "but if you and I were to put our-- " get the. best of; it. Not but, what I have a estly!" thundered an irreverent spectator heads together, I could soon give you a defl-nit- e great opinion of German, skill, energy and in the gallery. , answer." INTERESTING EXTRACTS, ." . . eret-New- s. . ten-derhWsTn- dca -- . ever-prese- nt - -- the-Territo- ry, Semi-weekl- . y, . . ; res-tu- rn i 1 and-popie&jrhe- f. ., re - r.'.:. 1 sjd A-you- ng -- , - . 1 1 - 