I - - sounds In n&turo and the works of men, bring calists was very encouraging to those interesta renewal of the realiziDg sense of blessings ed in the forthcoming Jubilee. From the which return with the bright days of vernal the interior of .the building in rehearsal which the took place, when as many spring aiier ine long anu leaious tinier.. scats could be found ior were Accommodated as We IiEARN from the 'fMiUenial Star I? of it might also beinferrea that wtien theiprand In. a Conference that Bath at . held 7th, April Jubilee comes off, there will be little room . for Hall, Sheffield, Irck;29tb, Elder j Joseph F. even in the New Tabernacle, when Smith was sustained by a : unanimous vote, jeis spectators, Sabbith Schools are joined by those President of the European Mission. We also the City of the different Wards in Salt ' Lake County find the names of other Utah Elders who were out side of the City, and also those of Weber present, as follow; L. J. 'Herrick, R. T. Bur- and Utah counties. . ton, John Clark, Joseph Birch, F. M. Lyman, John C. Graham, R. V Morrlv R. W. Hey-bor- Tof ne and James T t- r little. : Tue jewels that tho Due hess of Edinburgh brought with her to England are said to bo . worth $2,500,000, and include as many, as ,1 100 bracelets.,.-.- ,. : ,;,; sr,,.- - -,r- Starsh ,r 'widow fRSv-Luei- nda- ,'; :)-;4w, will givihg her property to trustees to divide poor.' of that the income among the needy ' A ". town. ;.; . i 1 think1 of at Shakers Maine, Alfred, Tiie contributing to tho Centennial imposition, I in Philadelphia, an old lady named Lucy Langdon Nowell, who was born on the 4th ; LV;. of July, 1776. I''-'-Z CULTIVATE PURE EXPRESSIONS. I The jwomenof Greenwich; Ct. have 1200 : siernatures to Evrvivordlhat . falls from iBeniDs" of mothers, and sisters especially, should be liquor dealers to ceaso tlrcirbuslness,-The- y, mau pure,: conci?eciuusijuijiuj uuv yyailsi .ouf.v.e. do no, contemplate any iuruier, cuyrt Aapp'eal. as JaIkfrom theUips Ihwsehtatiott good words, that little child fen can gather Miss Rambcrger is the first American, lady without fear of soil, or pjvbiarne, who has evexz graduated iin2)entai Surgery. or any regrets to pain them through all their She has established an office in Philadelphia, r'-r-- :.. life; where "she Intend: remaihingjwildher tau the t eh be Children should frequent efforts be crownod with success. x' ' A v use of good, strong, expressive words words Mrs. PhebeBalleyTwli that mean exactly what they should express grand.daughter4)thnlden na his wife in their prpftpjflr-- ; uieu times, jut If a child or vouner person has a loose, Priscilla orat JMayno)ver ninety-onof tho ago having ;va of arranging words when at Dover, uc- oi see three generations endeavoring to say something, he should be lived to ' y made to "try again," and see if he cannot scendahts., trT; ' ' 1 a : do better. Miss Emily Faithfubcomplains' that put of talk. girls' ih hiinrlrfids of. women seeking for situa It is nainful to listen to many !M inand to find They begin with "My goodness tions she recently found jit difficult j terlard it with "Oh's and sake's alive i" ana one competent to undertake tno managesn iiwftfit!" and "so oueenlyr' and so many ment of a business supposed to rbo In their nhrases. that bne is temp'tod to believo that sneciarsi or else their they had no training at all fnbf tv has beenfihe Mcfent Mr,, h ; a mothers were very foolish women. and popular supefintettdent bf; largo,; and flourishing-Sunda- y ;choolrt in;f"Vakefieldf Mass., for "many years. Shp, has also, ;tor THE SEX. twenty years, been the earnestiudd .'devoted "Women usually vote for the best candi teacher of TBMe A Womak Suffrage Cobveution was held dates, and cannot be bribed. recently. , -- Resolutions Three sisters own and operate a Maine In Newark, N. J., the Legislature to; give asking wereLadppted are and money. making flouring mill, women equal civil and political rights, and Mrs. Ellen M. Babb ii Justice of the requesting Senator Frelinghuysen to reconPeace and Quorum in Eastport, Me. sider his proposition to disfranchise the vo.. ifn?. Sonhr6na Nichols, of Corry, Pa., has ting women of Wyoming,', f akeri the'prizcr for an essay on a medical subject. tr provides that Mwoiiien of twcntyrpne years The Grand Buchess Marie, in her uniform and upwards shall bVeUgiblo to a'nyffice of as honorary colonel of a Russian regiment, controror management under the ho)ll4wrs Wontbr to of this State. ; No mpre'O is said to be "as martial as Minerva." a month VmenWhp dohe men Miss Rebecca Hanna received tho first samo'work. .. ;;; ,... 7 ; ; Iowa of School the Medical tho at prizo State University, for the best specimen of u : ' i .; ... anatomy. t : house' without chUdrep Js- like a . lanA refined tern and , no . candle; a garden, and, no Mdlle. Aimeo Desclec,'tbo most artiste of the Parisian stige, the creator of flowers; a vine,' and. no ignipes; a brook, died in Paris, some days ago, with no water gurgling anrusyng lnits " J, after a long and painful illness. cnannei. r Mrs. E. 31. Elliot, of Mt. Pleasant, Iowa, difinositlona; so ualnably has been appointed Trustee of the Insane to. induce HospUal.at Mt. Pleasant, by the Legislative and really superior to others, as; .. . tne Deuei, mat xxu,utv n9v:u,,wv",.w Joint Convention of that State. of them, had thrown in a dash pf the angel Florence Kightingalo, Harriet Marti-neaof finish;. ;whne,Vn "cohtradlitinc-tioway have by women, other signed and many others thero 'are, t "which : ceepjitoi be influr his to Mr. Pisrael.urging an address made up ot mere sweep ngs and -- scrapings ence in favor of thermanuiactoryf 5 r has of six Buffalor ty lady A wealtoy own widowed Mistakes. Prof. Llebjg used to Making just married her of the man who ; wakes' no and the children the two families are now gavShow-m- o mistakes,' and Ir will prpv-- to voa that: he puzzled to settle their relatlbhlpr"::---"case In does nothing." It is easy; enough for a scifirst filed her Phebo Cozzgds Miss Louis recently,.as entific man who publishes nothing, but.only the Circuit Court of to escape the charge of counsel for Irs. Charlotte Smith, the editor criticises others, errors and . for such persons 0f the "Inland Monthly," against L. U. committing entertained a whojesome-eonteiap- t. ' : . fcieblg Reavis.,: Of - . . .4 se-cur- "lebeinirom ed 1 :" Market... s - ' Iftjiere are residents of3hli3ityPwl?oare the Saints, and who did not attend service, in the Tabernacle hut Sabbath, unless really; unable to dp so they should make amends by going there next Sunday at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Sisters, it will pay you to go, and to hear and understand for yourselves what the Servants of the Lord are teaching; and take heed that you be not deceived by any mere 1 hearsay. ;j; ain we wpuld Invite the attention of those jq concerued in floriculture, to the space we have allotted to that interesting subject in the Ex-- .. and solicit contributions in relation to ionet; flowers grown in Utah. AVe should be pleased to hear oftener from our friend "Flora," who delights in floral pursuit and who must have gained valuable information on the subject, which should bempaHedr the benefit of others of less experience. Latter-da- '. y 'vi: .. .: - - i times!'? is the general exclamation from the majority of people whom wo meet no especially those engaged in'imppr-(an- t "Dull wa-day- s: flnanc with all their wise management and superior business faculties, to have worked themselves out of money land; into debt. ; But t5 those who are disposed to "look on the bright ' side," and trust a kind Providenco for all : necessary blessings, the times are not so Jiard after all, and a sunny day seems to be dawning. , , One more issue after; the present will complete the second Volume of the Exponent. Financial circu instance? , will inot admit of our third ;volume; commencing with as many : or as great improvements as. our ambition might have led us to wishto and anticipate. However, we shall continue Jabdr cheerfnlly for the good of our friends, so long as we areas well supported and encouraged by tbem as we have been heretofore; and shall endeavor to advance in the scale of improvement as fast as circumstances and experience will open the S way. ''.' ' -- ' :. : n ' vd5 Sunday"; April i9th,ra very large number - of Babbath School children niet in the Old Tab- - - ernacle in thU dty,,manyrpf IrSuperinten. dents and Teachers; also beingr present.. Th to practice songs to object of the meeting was 'b sung at tha Grand Sabbath School J ubilee, This soon to be given in the New Tabernacle. for the purbeing tho first public rehearsal givenmusical talpose, it may be considered that the - ent exhibited by a majority of the youngvc- 4 - . of-th- to attend Conference, we shall look for our friends to call on us at the Office of Woman's Exponent, situated on West Temple Street, near 1st South Street, just north of the Town-sen- d House and near! y opposite the City Meat 4 bf-Mj-or tho. appoixited for the opening of the adjourned Spring Conference;: As many iwplejffJ!JouJWi' 3 e after-sham- e, ' - .. - p . 1 ; e, flung-togeth- ef a.. - j i t -- v - . new-tinsUtatio- . . C andd 'V-::r.- ; . .. ,".-- . - 4 , Frou-frou,- jr - . u, n, brWom'uage. . son-in-la- w, ; - ; : -- e 