':. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 A i i i A man's wi fo is very often the real promoter of his public actions yet it is an extremely small minority of women who have anything that deserves the name of a conscience on public affairs. IIow could a woman have a conscience about public affairs if she were taught to believe that thev were no concern of hers? Give women the same rights as men, and the same obligations would follow. Another reio:i is the vast amount of brain power and practical business talentwhichjiow lie wastejfdT Wantpf outlet into that great field iofeiiilnesspn Avh nmtend that s uch i ual - 1 i -- i- iph-toanojsva- " r.A RIGHTS VERSUS OBLIGATIONS. lady who Corsets and Ciiu istianit had charge of a girl's Bible class, speaking of defective homo training saitUthaUher best pupil, 18 years of age, had caused her tho most acute anx iety. 11 lin or sh ine she was always at her post. Tin? girl's whole soul seemed absorbed in the straightening out of intricate theologieiil : problems; "and yet," said the teacher,!' the girl was so pale and waii that I was afraid every Sabbath would be her last in the class. One day she fainted, and in trying to restore her I loosed her dress, and what do you think I found? Corsets soiightlyHlrawir thatvrfull respiration was imnosible I remdved them and found that the girl's ribs actually lapped ! Millard j County. ; Fillmore, t, DelilalrOleson, Belinda M. Pratt, Miss Mary Callister, ,, Beater Count.' Mrs. Ruth Tyler, Beaver, , Iron County. ' M:i ry Wei mer, Parowan , J- j 1 -. ioscphine Smith, Jsivs. Kllen L.unt, Cedar K ' uny. Mary Ann Lunt, Cedar City.-,- 7 Kane County. Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kanarra, Wash inffon County. Caroline Jackson, St. George. church mem ber, and stated the m. II." K. PAINTER, M. K case without reserve. "Weil, you .see,!ijjaiu the parent, "Fanny never had any figure. Electricity administered wWn cases requre. I shonldn't be surprised if the lacings were - waist i natdrawn a HttIetoo-tight.-4Ie- r TT: rTzr blocks south of Theatre, Salt Lake Ci ty. urally so large that it is almost impossible to mako anything Jit genteely on her. IIow IrlinierT ? I hope 2 of all monopolies, is gone or going, and the is your class prospering, Miss JARY II. BARKER M. D., to souls Christ." whole spirit of the time is against prede- you are drawing many , Main (Office epppf iio Old CoEstilulio BuildiEp-'that' one of set law persons termining by Office h curs 10 a. nu to 3 p. m. In Dresden the ladies are combining to tn et should be allowed by light of birth to have and to do what others are not by any amount regulate the price of groceries, meats, and of exertion or superiority of talent allowed what they are dressed in. JJRS. CARPENTER, to retain. John Stuart Mill. aid movement of modern society from the mid dlo ages until now, and which has been great ly accelerated in tho present century, points in the direction of the political enfranchise-men- t of womertir Their expulsion is the last remnant of the old state of society. The a n F u se ful riiysIciHn Surgeon, Oftlceziat the luwr.sf nd Oouje, Koem No. AGENTS. CO GRACE OF MOTION. Salt Lake City. 7 : Mrs. Zina D. Young, Mrs, Elvira Barney, II. DINWOODEY P. Amanda Kimball and Young, is Margt. no the There beauty gainsaying Elizabeth Davis, Lily Staines, general faseination'of American women, but lias renioved his Furniture from Main St. to his three. Sarah Smith, it Hampton, 16th some of them aro lamentably deficient in a certain finish of manner. They are graceful, but too quick i n their rjBjoUons to achieve readily that admirable repose . and distinction of bearing which is so indicative of education and The first law of a lady's code is to move slowly. The importance of its observance is hardly at first apparent. It enables her, however, to retain her presence of mind, to bo always on the watch, never to commit a blunder, not get vulgarly excited, and never good-breedin- g. Slow motion is especially necessary upon occasions of ceremony, in getting in and out of a carriage, ascending a flight of steps, or traversing the length of a room in the presence of other persons. One is often shocked by seeing ladies in rich dresses, and even with trains, trip up and down steps, across pavements, and in and out of carriages, in a conscious way that ind icates very brief possession of state appliances, and so unerring i3 the indication of inaptitude that even a street crowd will Jeer at this evidence of want of habit and training. Selected. .. Ward, Mary J.Thonison, E. Sarah Margaret bteel, Smith,; Miss Sarah E. Russell; . Weler Count;, Mis A. M. Froilsh'am, Ogden, i r xra rol itie Lu nn , Huntsvi c, M iss Maggie MeBride, Eden, hard-workin- ; dish-washin- g. Or. COBXER, BLOCK. WEST OF CO WHOLESALE "AS WELL AS A RETAIL BUSINESS. Sirs. Orissa AUred, St. Charles, ,, Mary Rich, Paris. liiiTrXTCvrt t; H Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. Emi y Woodruff, Randol ph . the best, large t and purest stock of cor.fec-- " lionary i rtlb'alt"" Lake tri ty. Just - tlie place foT'ladies Cache" County. J I? ) ( WALLACE lla& I M A. .Maughan, Logan, . Jane S. Coleman, Smithfield. II. A. Shav, Ilyrum. to urch a e. Maria Parkinson, Wellsviile.. NEW CLUB RATES. Box Elder County. Harriet Snow, Brigliam City. Davis County. " 2Iary Clark, Farmington, Aiirelia Rogers, ,," Margaret Randell, Centre vi lie, Elizabeth Barlow, Bountiful, Susan Grant, Sylvia Clark,, ; - . .Salt ' Lake County. Hlggins, West Jordan, Barbara Closes, Big Cottonwood. Mrs. J. De La Mare, Tooele City. Mrs. E. Clegg, Mrs. 31. A. House, Grantsville. ' - Utah County. . Pleasant Grove, Ann Bringhurst, Springville, Harrison, Margaret T. Smoot, Pro vo City, Rebecca Stantlering," Lehi. Juab County. Amelia Goldsbrougli, Xcphi." Ann Pitchforth, Martlia J. Coray, Mona, t L. Bigler, Nephi. Amy it Determined that notbir.g shall te wanting on the part of the publisher, to increase the circulation of the ExroyxxT and aid in promoting tfee objects contemplated in itpjiblication, by making. it truly an eiponcnt of the view of the women of Utah, by them, read by them, and its columns enriche l with a widely circulate 1 expression of tbeir thought;?, we offer tho follow'ng terms to club?, to as to prepare for increasing the value anl importance of the paj er with the beginning of the next volume, which i larger subscription list will enable us to do1 10 copies. 1 year, with a copy to the getter ?13C0 up of the club ; 15' copies, 1 year, vith a copy to the getter 20 00 up of the club " 20 eppiev, I year, w'ith'r copy to the getter ."11" up of the club and a framed steel engrav- - : ing, 12x16 inch8, of I'reidcnt Brigham SI 00 50 Youpg, selling price, 30 cop? ?s. 1 ?cxr, with a copy V tkc getter , up of hv c lub, and a fuprr'or first proof, steel engraving of President Brigham You ig. hanviiomtly framed, selling ' " ' 48 00 ; Club? can bt cmmenrpd nt any timi--; and addi-t- i ns can be nude after the first list of names has been sent. ; letter at the .Uny can te rfiniited by registered risk of the publisher,' '.t "We hope ladie throughout the Territory, especially the Presidents and Secretaries of Kelief fccicties will endeavor lo get up clubs, and that they w ill constitute themselves agents for too .extension of the pnc, $! .'...' Sinvete Counli;. II - M. A. P. liyde, Spring City. ,i Sarah Peterson, Ephraim, IlelenaMadison, Gunnison. Mrs. Boel Peterson, Ephraim. Mrs. 31ary Thor " tus-tain- cd . Toccle County. ws ST.r Where he is prepaicd to do a Oneida Count)' Idaho. j There is exhibited in St. Louis just now a curious bit of work in amateur art. This is a medallion of a sleeping face, very well .executed it is said, not in clay nor marble, but in butter. It came from the head and bauds of an Arkansas farmer's wife", who caught the idea while busy in her dairy. She made a quantity of studies; with the aid of her butterpaddle, cedar sticks, broom-straand a camel's hair pencil, and at last succeeded in modeling a really creditable head. It is ingeniously mounted in a miik- pan, vhichin turn is framed. There is something pathetic in tho endeavor of this g womauto uso her untaught, naUral talent in the intervals of buttermak- Ing and FI IIST SOUTH 1 1 -- A MEDALLION IN BUTTER. storey Trick .Store on . L : circulation f tie Exro'z?T. " ' - -- 