WOMAN'S EXPONENT 03 f Yes; but tho first essential to beauty is its good influoaco over Ihetn, and great results.n, would follow. Hd spoke of the ions of He- fitness 'to its object. ? ;We might carpet tho faith: and confidence they had front steps and pavement with'the loveliest in what their mother sail; felt that we of Wilton's, but the effect will not be pleas-coul- d havenrbleson3-an- d exists daughters if-ing; and on a floor tho same unfitness " " homo choose. He also spoke upon product- in a les3 degree. SONG OF THE SISTERS OF THE . RELIEF SOCIETY, . itc our-Jama- BT ZMILT n.TfOOD3LIS3a& we As eisterg In Zioa, We'll all pull together, The blessings of God on our labors ws'll seek: We'll build up His kingdom with earnest endeavor; We'll comfort the weary, and itrengthea the weak, - ionsmmed many articles thatwera. being lilCarpetsmusLbo here imported that could be produced right at home otimuch better quality. "p addresses concluded the Weiler Bishop by saying that the instructions which had been given were good, He spoke in behalf ofjhe Society, told the costs of the house, said it was the united energy of the unwholesome. A teacher, speaking of the gymnastic exercises in a fashionable younsT We'll turn from our follies, our pride and our weakness, ladies' school remarked to mo that whilo The rain, fooliaa fashions of Babel despise; We'll Seek for the. garments of truth and of meekness, they were in motion th air was filled with wise. and useful and a fine perceptable dust, which, must have And learn to bo happy arisen chiefly from their clothing and bodies. We'll wear what insensible neat and bocomln Of course much of this was such effete mat of .Zfon the aiiycls Kgbt: The daughters of are scanning sisterslhat Iiabuilti We'll work with a wiil, while the a irels ter as ought, for the sake of health, tobe I Our aims and our actions from morulng till night. asked but very little donations and it was spoedily got rid of, arid of course the We'U jbrintttp our ohildren'tp be paid for. Ho said it. was built for nary daily movimrs to and fro. in a room set ; To lore od toda'wtorlTnlV-an'rfghtthe general use of .the Ward and communl- - afloat such particles, a" larze pronsrtion of we rest from our labor, Ihes dear ones remaining ty; he thought the sisters should retrench which are received by the carpet, and only WUl bear off the kingdom and Vflaht the good flibt." r from BdmucKlabbivan1l;;toIlhen they in partially removed by sweeping. " restricted be wholly Nor shall cmrattention vite. company things could be made ;as No floorcoverincr is nerfect that cannot he d To training our children or shaping our dress; deal pleasant-angreat agreeablerwithaT easily washed; it may be that the fitting ax- The aged, the feeble, the poorand afflicted, Ladies' less work. He spoke of the Young tide does not exist; but if so, it Oar labors shall comfort, our efforts shall bless. Association in this Ward, 0f introducingT caUSe the need for it has not been genei 'i'he Lord hath established the cities of Zion, different kinds of labor that may throw "out ally realized. There is but one commodity la Him," are His of trusting people The poor inducements and make it more interesting in Christendom (the servant girls) for which He makes us a source for His poor to rely on; '" demand does not create corresponding sup- for them in meeting together. Ohl ihaU we not br ghten th 6 eyes that are dim. xne cnoirsangMiTuisG yu mo uoru." Di v. There is a material mada ' of Oh! shall we not hasten to sootho the condi tion Benediction by president D. II. Wells. which seems to approach the idea. Wo are Of the humble, tho needy, the honest and pure? G. ambttion our ZuitviAii Oh! let us remember, whate'er Eaudlev, Sec'y. using oilcloth which I confess is not ; the T3 our duty, our mission r to comfort the poor. perfect substitute, but job; what peace!; woman; conferred upon Tls the oQc of angels, Tho dogs may lie down in the hall,and ly And this Is a rfcht that, as women, we claim ; A HOME OF OUK OWN. needs sweeping,the children may drop To do whatsoerer Is gentle and human; j ' their bread at dinner butter side down.and To cheer and to bles3 in, humanity's name - . CONCLUDED. it only needs wiping. In fact, both this and now vast are our labors; how broad is our mission, ine Pmieu waruieauu to uioaort ,m poaco Fourth. It must be easy to manage. If we only fulfill it In spirit and deed; we promised, where neither moth nor Ohl naught but the Spirit's dirinest tuition-C- an The more we reduce the mere drudgery of f9 uuevea oreaK mrougu give us the wisdom to truly succeed. housekeeping,tho higher will be Woman's uu" ul" " v "T - . Theni as sisters in Zion, we'll all pull together; f place in the home, because she will have Tho blessing of God on our labors we'll seek; time to labor as the true housewife, instead . ' We'll build up the kingdom with earnest endeavor; uie "lw suustuuung ior wooieu mere to of house the use forces her slave; We'll comfort the weary "aM strengthen the weak.. in the higherkind of sen4eoior which: -rpeling- - : Europe laying- stripsr is, or ought to make herself, competent, To arrive as near to this as we can, is one of only where they are really needed) suppose It. S. REPORTS. the noints to studv In bui dine- a housp. w ouuyuu iwo, n lamberquins, Before the parlor chandelier is thought of, ings, valances, pillow-shamThird Ward, Salt Lake City, in .fine, every yard of; Nov. 9th, 1874. the kitchen range should be discussedr every :j V g device should be examined: all troublesome upholster's petticoating that Dear Editor: I take pleasure in giving A late traveler in -- our I the cook's imDlementsarrann-eto hprhandt I serves no honest purpose. nf tho Dedication tt hrfnf rnnnr! vnn w w, .of i . US - . 4l. I. i ' KU jnew Relief Society House, whichtooic place flier fuel so placed that she need not lug it T'; U1" ""1 nouse was; me airiness ana flnw frAoiv orf and FJrlftrneorpeOCannon beine present, in and but of her nre The meeting wTas opened by singing, "l should be not only handy, but comfortable resulting from the absence of cumbrous saw a mighty , angel fly;' The Dedicatory and cheerful, all of which will enable the mis- - furniture. Each article, however exquisitely finished, was light; the lounges were Prayer was offered by Elder George Q. Can-- j tress to command a choice of help, or to do of some elastic woven material; the floors non: Singing. "How beautious are their her own work with les3 toil when left were simply matted. They call our style of i , feet, ltemarks were then made by Presi alone. .' ; f i dent Daniel II. Wells. He spoke of the We begin with the kitchen, but of course furnishing unclean. .. I admit that, in our climate, .there are great benefit that had been derived from the principle applies all through the house, the labors, of the .Relief Societies, of their and, taking still for our standard the maxi about three months in the year .when car zeal and faithfulness in the discharge of mum amount of home enjoyment with the pets and drapery glvea sense of comfort, but their duties; spoke encouragingly of homo minimumamount of drudgery, we will go only the housekeeper knows at what an in. care Again, Jsayyiherefore Suooose that instead crease-- of productions: thought we could- produce to tho dinimr-rOonVht hero in our wards manv articles that of rnstlv rhina wo tasoIva tri 5a nnth in down with upholstery! Down with horse- were now being imported; also gpoko on but plain white ware which is nrQttv.lipht . hair stuffing, except for grandmother's arm- the extravagance of dres3, felt that much of inexpensive, and easily matched when bro- - chair; down with all the corpulent things m puxiux, uu uuuuujr ww tne means tnus cxpeuaeu snouiu ue appro- - Ken. jjown arops one bundle of care from ou can oftho housewife lot Then suppose, instead help it; clown with, satin they " priatedtothe building of temples.' He fered a few words on Plural Carriage, said of precious silver, we decide to use only things that fray, and velvet, things .. that it was a revelation from high Heaven and it plate, which is equally pretty, equally clean, must bo covered with other thingsnd, dam-wa- s for the exaltation of both man and which no thief cares to steal, and which, if ask: curtains that must bo protected by other . woman. He also spoko upon the impor- - lost, would cause no deep distress. Down curtains, and exquisite door-mat- s that must . tinco of the education of our children. drops another portion of care from hpr inorl be flanked with other mats:. down with all felt Cannon time that the Elder George Q. Jext we shall make a raid on the dining-- tne gorgeous, unwashable flimsy laco and' i wasilir spent, and would pot speak many room carpet, which is certainly one of the Hk and gilt things that demand the whole minutes. He spoke upon the great field of greatest inconsistencies in American house-- attention of an immortal soul to keep them : ' from before the sisters, of visiting keeping.; and -- ; : flies. dust labor. -that lay we could If divest ourselves of . ... t mo mucreui ouingmcuw, u my. uyiauvo vjauiuuu UUU ttSSOCiailOn. WO SuOUICl Cer- Fifth It should be beautifuL ho had seen in regard to cooking; thought tainly feel that the floor on which we tread, "The money we havo saved- by ourre-- . the sisters who understood that branch of uau vspeciauy ine uoor over which Ave eat,is I trenchment wor shall not ; hoard, for that busine could instruct those who id not, not tne place. whereon to spread a straightway diinty, would not be true economy; but for if wo wish to havo healthy bodies we expensive, unclcansable fabric if expend in other ; directions for proceed must have our food prepared' in a proper, But should wo not study beauty as well outer beauty of form and inner decoration. manner. Ho exhorted mothers to talk with as comfort? Carpet furnishes a room, and T think the taste for" rorreousnp,. helnfr their'sons and daughters and try to wield a is in itself pretty!" , barbaric, must tend rather to device than . . " . -- ordi-near- ly . is-on- ty ? : , , . ..j. ,.. i. . -- 1 it-on- - , . , Phr tt I , ? " uau - -- vv;ajfi. s, toilet-draperie- : f s; . labor-savin- d -- . me-Japanes- : , ? - f - ; ; m. -- imuuuwm - . . . : - t a m , 9 A . I - -- . v - rr: r.ri 'forS!fm!ff-- iint 11 -- 