WOMAN'S EXPONENT., DRESS. A cripple their feet just as badly as the ladies do, to make them look small, and genteel. Then the hair must be cut and perfumed in just such a manner, and topped off with the very latest stylo of hats. And Oh! that darling mustache how tenderly and carefully must that be caressed and petted ! .. yl do not pretend to say the men either, young or eld, are air like this. But too many of them arc; and I believe that" such are the very ones that have so much to say about the absurdities of the fashions and the extravagance of women. They don't see that there is anything of more, importance for them to trouble their poor, empty heads overafter-the- y havemade them Be!ye3to:iookas exquisitely YOUNG LADY'S FIRST ATTEMPT AT ESSAY r WRITING." chosen; this subject, not that it ' is an uncommon one, but because I think it a fit one for young ladies to consider. I will notice the unreasonable extravagance of the lady who "alamode," wears costly silk dresses either trailing' upon the ground or else trimmed up to the waist with ruffles, I have laces, velvet, fringe &c Then in addition to this, the false curls, frizzes, puffs and other varieties of unreal and often shabby looking hair; the stylish hat or the "love of T1a 187 bonne'rijra the face nice and white, and the paint to possible. I needn't My; sensibly girls will never al gi ve color; the tight lacing' fo';mae"th'":'walt ever and small low themselves to be: "taken in' by any round; and the little shoes, so much smaller than the feet which are such dandified fop, because every one knows crowded into them. you know it requires that. I hope I haven't offended any one,1 all these things to complete the toilet of a or intruded too long on any person's. time. fashionable lady. And often, much more Miss Mary D. ambition than this is necessary td satisfy-he14th Ward. i -- - r to attract attention and "out shine" her asso- ciates'inlregardL to dress. And the creneral excuse for such folly is. "Oh ! one might as well be out of the world as out of fashioni" I think they might bet ter all be out of the world than" to follow and injurious customs. Another lamo excuse that some of them make for their vanity, is, that they do so to Well, I would let please the gentlemen. the gentlemen be displeased with me and my ways before I would be such a slave to fashion. But if some of them could hear the "side speeches" made about them by the very gentiemeU'they strive so hard to - please, they would want to hide themselves, foolishand never again be, guilty of such ' INEXPENSIVE HAPPINESS. The most perfect home I ever saw was in a little house into the sweet incenso of whose fires went no costly things. A thousand dollars served for a year's living of father, such-ridiculo- us ness. - ;, . ; ,. . Elizabethan fashion in neck gear has been t , introduced. 1 a schoolmasWhy does the eye resemble ter in the act of flogging? It has a pupil under tho lash. V A man who had been to a crowded ball said he was fond of rings on his fingers, but he didn't like belles on his toes. bEQsinsultfidia- tead-pJLthreatenin- gJ offender :ms;aisty lisht h i ntQisayjiil'll put your noseitn aarenthesis.? sent an account of his wedding to the village, paper, and 45fERbrdegroom vmbrtifiedrwhen'the wedding trousseau" came r out in ;prlnt"the wedding" trousers." . ; tz ::t ' ' . . "You Swiss always fight for money; we French for honor," said a pompous French officer to a Swiss gentleman. "Yes," responded tho latter; "it is natural for, people to fight for that which they most need." During Curran's last lllness,hls physician remarked ono morning that he seemed to cough with more difficulty, he replied, "that is 'surprising, as I have been practicing all . which this woman created; every inmate of her house involuntarily looked into her face e of tW day; and it always for tho or clover-lea- f, rang clear. From tho rose-bu- d which, in spite of her hard house-worshe always found time to put by our plates at breakfast, down to the very story she had on hand to be read In the "evening, there was no intermission of her influence." She and always will be my ideal has always-beeof a mother, wife, If to her quick brain, loving heart and exquisite face had'been added of wealth and thi- - enlarge merits of a "wide Oultii re, he re would have been the ideal of home. As it was, it was the best I have ever seen. Helkey-not- T k, n home-make- r. the'-alpplianco en Hunt. J. A. Dunfway edits and is the prothe "Ne w North west,?? a weekly newspaper published at Portland, Oregon. She earned the money, on a sewing maMR3. prietor of chine, with which to purchase tho material for the paper, and she raised the boys who do .tho work, of the office. She is at present lecturing on the subject of temperance, and she shows herself to be a woman t.of good fashions. all who hear her. Now, if I may venture, I will say a few strong sense, pleasing words to the gentlemen. I can make little distinction between old and : young, for in DIVERSIONS. as I shall allude to, age seems to make but little difference. dress circle Crinoline. For instance, a coat must be of the latest The To curb a fast young man Bridal him. style, of course, and made by a fashionable - tailor and the material must bo of broad A. T. Kettle is the only singer who never -cloth or some . had a coldr- -some of them at least, were glad to get A' shoe dealer advertises "Woman's so nice, homespun. The shirt must be just -without a crease or a spot, and finished ofT Rights and Lefts.' with a satin gloss. Ten cents is nothing to The woman questiou How shall I have in boot3 of a for polished pair pay ... having summer suit made? the flncat order. Oh no! But I think it my would be more to the gentleman's credit if j "Husband, where shall I get tho ticking he did it himself. And I know sometiung-els- for our new feather bed?" "Any place about them, many of them pinch and where you can get the tick." ... . such-respec- ts bther-importedleQods.- -- ' ..: e 1 nElad ieXre mother and three children. But the mother was the creator of the home; her relation v ...;;:-with her children was the most beautiful I night" The best definition to scandal ever given, have ever seen; even a dull and commonto Arthur Helps, was that of a place man wTas lifted up and enabled to do according who described it thus: Nobody good work for souls by tho atmosphere little girl Were I a mau and wanting a wife, I would wait and search long and patiently to find a good, plain hearted girl Hyhowas content with being dressed neatly and sensibly, before I would marry one of these .butteflies of fashion, it is a real fact that "beauty is but skin deep;" and after all, a beautiful soul is worth more than all the fine clothing There; is another tri te say ingwhiih Kthihk: xu xery true and logical one. It is simply this, "Pretty is that pretty does." to I do not wish my young lady friends misunderstand me. I wouhLnot like to see girls of sixteen or twenty trying to appear like women of forty or fifty, by making their dresses to look odd and old fashioned. Though even that would be better than encouraging the uncomfortable modes belongdress. ing to the present fashions forladie's I think girls should cultivate good taste and dress neatly and modestly, taking some pains to wear whatever they find most be coming to them, regardless of prevailing ' How long ought a lady's crinoline to be? Not too much above two feet. :r i Everybod Ycomplalns of hls ga3 bill, : and yet it is a light expense. -- does nothing, and everybody goes on ing it everywhere." : tell- That is better than a:d ict ionary.----:-- A JurxiE reprimanding a criminal, called him a scoundrel. - The prisoner replied; "Sir, I am not as hg a scoundrel as your Honor" here the culprit stopped, but finally added "takes me to be." "Put your words closer together," said the Judge. A man in Ohio was acquitted of a murdei on a plea Of insanity, a year ago, and secured his lawyers by giving them a mortgage on his farm.TJIe riow repudMeS-thejmortga- ge as he was insane when he made it, accord- ing to the showing of the same lasers. A young lady at Council Bluffs, being informed by her "feller" that he'intended to cease his attentions, cowhlded him around the room, and as ho was leaving, told him that would teach him to be more careful for the future not to trifle with a gentle and loving heart. ; Young Simpson beginning the study of natural philosophy, became fond of applying technical names to common objects to impress hearers with a sense of his profound knowledge, and tried the game with his father one evening. When he mentioned to him that he had swallowed some "marine acephalous molusks" the.old man was much alarmed, and he . suddenly seized Simpson and threw him to the floor, and held him s - -- and screamed for help. When Mrs. Simpson came with some warm water, and the hired man rushed in with a garden pump, they forced half a gallon of water: down and then held him by the heels over the edge of the porch and shook him, while the xfld man said "if we don't get them pizened." things out of William he will beWilliam exand were out, And when they to were plained that the articles alluded him merely oysters, then hisjather fondled for half an hour with a trunk" strap for scaring the family. Simp-son's-thro- as 