WOMAN'S EXPONENT 146 "BEAR YE ONE ANOTHER'S BURDENS." Glatians, GthZcnaptcr, 2nd verse. "DON'T WHIP HIM." . ' ' J AX02iTM0r3. Oar Bobby was pinching the kittens, 1 And kicking the primmer about, And pulling a beetle to pieces, i His face all awry in a pout; Ilia mamma, who silent and patient,' Had heard all his fretting and noise, Now reached for the whlponUie mantle The terror of boys. But Grandma, with snowy-whl- to kerchief .. Tjnned over her warm, loving breast, Where ten little heads had been pillowed And roekedJn to hiidhoodeetxest Looked up from her little wool stocking, Just finished and laldl& iier Jknee''' And said, "dear, youlTruISTnrteTHpin , Tlease listen a moment to me. "Don'trwhip him his father before him Was flogged and shut up In the dark, And stood on one foot in a corner, And disciplined up to the mark; We gave him no credit for honor, But watched him as spiders watch flies, And what did it teach him? why mainly JTo practkeldcceiliind telLlies. We called it aflection and duty-G- od knows we were fond of the boy Bull guess his remembrance of childhood g Is not quite a of joy. So put up that willow whip, daughter, And try little Bobby once more; You see he's forgotten his passion; And lies, half asleep, on the floor." Then Grandmother lifted her darling, And patted his head on her breast. And sang an old favorite ditty, Till all Bobby's woes were at rest; And so the wee whip, bright and yellow, Was laid on the mantle again, A nd this is way that these grandmas' Spoil nine little boys out of ten. To me this text seems peculiarly applica ble to women. A woman's nature is natur ally one of sympathy, and none are so ready to lend assistance, to succor the weak, aid balm into the wounded heart, mepoorpoui and to comfort by everymeans inherpower four-year-o- ld your mission is one of tenderness and love. HowTpalicinaTlyTie '" "Be thou clothed and warmed and fed," but we act in the matter, and our actions and words correspond; then are we not bearing the burdens of the weak, and striving to fulfill the law of Christ, that "Inasmuch as ye do it unto the least of these, ye do it unto me ?" - Sisters, take courage ; our love Tor each other is increasing, we are becoming acquainted with the character and developments of woman, our associations with each other, (in our organizations) are gradually, yet stpadity uniting our influence. We may be frowned upon, have to encounter preju dice and scorn, be criticized on all sides by ! ' ' other. If our labors are arduous and com plicated, they may be materially lightened by mutual participation and We can all understand this in relation to practical everyday life, and as that is a com plete prototype of our spiritual life, the co-operati- on. Mrs. Sinah Bishop, Secretary of the Relief Society of Paradise; Cache Co., writes that on the 5th of Jan., Sister Maughan, President of the Relief Societies in Cache County, met with the sisters of Paradise arid reorganized the Relief Society there. Some of the former officers having moved from tho settlement, they were released and others- - duly-- app6inted to , fill the- - vacant places Sister 'Martha Wright was appointed President, Sister Lydia R. Remington first, and Ann James second Counselors, and Sister Elizabeth S. Jackson Treasurer, with a sufficient number of Teachers. Sister Maughan gave some excellent instruction, which the sisters appreciated and seemed desirous of profiting by. Mrs. Bishop concludes her report with, 'Hoping ve may individually and as a Society add our influ- and unite in the building up of the Kingdom of God, we arc your sisters in the ence- . - ; the great pausejn,;yhich we are on in; view tng:ageuournarcnmu3: motto progression. Mrs. Betsy Gold writes from Washington, Washington Co., that the young ladies or that place, with a few others of more mature years, met at the residence of ex Bishop R. D. Covington, Feb. 9th; 1874, and organized5 a Young Ladies' Retrenchment Society, with the following officers: CHRISTY JOHNSON, Emily Harmon, it v ) Counselors. Ida Parker, Secretary, Hanxaii Larsoxp Treasurer.:-:"- : 'Qi " wara, our. . the same gifts, therefore He must have intended us to help each other: women as well as men. Why same should njp wom well as in those of a temporal nature. ing associated together ? I know it is the Every human soul, at any rate every wo- - nmninn I hnr iTTrtTYIOTV ntQ n st mnot man's soul, needs support and comfort from 7 being true to espec outside sources. We are none of ,W entirely caPabIe ially where there is the least chance for independent of each other, no matter how. rivalry either, in affection, opinion or charself-re-l iant, orJio wojignhid ed , however acter: but notwithstanding man's voice to extraordinary our erifts, intellect, attain the contrary, I believe it is possible for ments or possessions. Sometimes I think standard of the stronger the mind, the more sympathy women to arrive at a higher has ever yet and excellence than it needs. If it is continually pouring forth character to others, the fountain must needs be replen been attained. And if man, being the ver itable living head, will lend urhir sanction isneu. To be surer we nave always our and will look upon our efforts Heavenly Father to go to, and his fountains with approbation, a smile of approval, even though he are inexhaustible; but then we are mortals, withholds the helping hand, which it is our dwelling in mortal bodies, and as such, have right and privilege to expect, we will yet need of sympathy from murtal beings. siifrAod in Tia xippnTrmlishmpnr nf a rmrnnsn. AVe are engaged in a stupendous work, nvfttw in its inflnnnno. miHfvinnnfl view it in whatever light we may, and the and effectual in its results for good work is increasing on every side. It is im powcrful upon the human familyT And manyyer possible to define its limits, or determine its unborn will have reason to bless those who magnitude. Think your then, there is no braved persecution, insult and calumny, to need of assistance from one another? We establish organizations for the benefit of have each of us the same object in view, a and as woman was the first to yield similar interest at stake, if we could only woman; to temptation and to induce man to follow realize it; we are working not only for our so ought she to be diligent and untir own mutual improvement and advancement, her, in her pfforts to reinstate herself m the ing but for the good of future generations.-- The presence of her Creator and assist in per-- . seed we sow willassliridly spring upbloS--1 fectini-Sdleg man back agaiii"ialsor ouui uuu. uuiir iiuit iu uie luiuru, iiuu iiuviug For whatever elevates, purifies and the same prize to obtain, the same goal to refines woman, exalts, cannot fail to have a direct reach, aiming at the same great result, the influence upon man, for is it not given iinto regeneration of woman; let us be philan- her to "Bear the souls of men ?" thropists in the truest sense of the word; Blanche Beeciiwood. and a constant support to each other in Lake Salt City, Feb. 18th, 1874. word, in action, and in very deed. If we have strong minds or bodies, so much the better for us, and so much the more devolves THE WILL MUST BE TRAINED, NOT upon us to do, for "where much is given BROKEN. mucn win ne requirca." 11 we possess gifts, talents, or abilities, are we justified in Men often speak the will.of a to want them for of the use, child, but it seems to me they had better allowing perish more than in the miser any hoarding up his break the neck. The will needs regulating, gold while the poor around him are starv- in humility, laying breaking th lPo-- nf a hnr.cn in tmininW mg I think not; but . .. P . ... T r oil !!-.!tU it uu tmn 111 him. ns n. child's v uur iuiui. ui uudi riicWnlinn wniild -.irusuuff uvulae " v1 . " . . " r t .i r .!.. us exert iei and support, into harmonious it uuuiurguiuunceana develop proportions. will in ifplf tnnsf rnnn. vveij.7 .iauuuy v,Gx possess, in me.. great WOrK . o; anu us .Let raore than of an arm too mighty,or a mind too umeni reuemption. v iy me weas anu erring, comprehensive in its grasp, too powerful in lif .up JhO fallen,;raise the bowed down, its hold. The instruction of children should IO resist lempiailOn, ana hnfinrh n tn nnimnto Inciro m!n hnf nnt "c,l, luu luujpiuu cutand carve: for I would always of-break- Miss LucYCoorER, President, De-- . God has not given to all ,w"" n R. & REPORTS. . andal ways having rujo-winpplyjaspir- ituai well-sprin- Gospel Covenant J.r God and in each other: 1 , ing a - A - 1 1 Tnnvnrx-nthpnrfinf- ji . '7u"au "xukj nave been told that "Pure relifrion Wq A distinguished German surgeon named . 1 i. oeiore uoa uuueiuea and the Father, is Esmarch has Invented a process whereby iu visit mo wiaow ana tne ratherless in their amputation of the limbs may bo performed afilictions'iic. Do we not visit tlie widow bloodless by applying bandages to the limbs above the point of operating. The method auu uic orpnan, tno poor, the sick,r the' irnc junc, me weaK and by every means in our Iia3 beeH SUCeessfllllv rinr! i power contribute to their comfort, well-be- citv. ug uuu Happiness And wo do not say as drv. helped to crow, - never " 1 dead timber to be carved into this or that shape; and to have certi n molding grooved unon it. A live tree, and not dead timber, is every lit- tic child. Thoodore Parker. -- I 7 - JIusicia thaSt.Xouis public 000 a rear. schools costs 2S, " 