W0MAN1S EXPONENT, fFor the Exroxriirr A TALK WITH THE SISTERS. Wo are gathered from the midst of all na pair still further our weak digestion, when tions, and in every one of these nations, the plain, simple diet is what we so :uch need education of woman was almost ignored. for ouf health's sakoand to spare the blisterin children Being, then, only acquire ing, melting, laborious "process of repara i ments, even though now our . lot is cast tion Let us examine all thingsTnTthe light of; among a people who believe it only just that woman should be as highly ed ucated as man, reason, and on each separate occasion go j, it is necessary that we begin climbing at stay, do or leave. undone', as our .best ju'dg- the foot of the ladder, and if we never ment dictates; and when duty says stay; do j reach the top in this world, let us not falter, so without a sigh for outside pleasures;,' but for whatever we gain is ours, and to every when she says go, step forth in; all thedfg step we ascend we may lift our ch lief ren with nity of conscious rectitude, heedless alike of' far less trouble to them, than if they were the fears of the timid and the "scoffs of'tho The Bible severely condemns a "gadding woman j"j and this fact, conjoined .with some othera, makes some of our conscientious sis M ters back ward even to at tentl t hei rSociety meetings. They are not to be blamed for disliking to be the recipients of so digusting a title as "Gadder,' but I insist that they greatly mistake its application. Gadding is wandering idly in the neighborhood, with no higher aim than the pursuit of gossip; and if any sister attends climbing alone. Our society meetings are excellent schools gatherings of the sisterhood with this aim she to would do as well remain away. in which to gain, if .we will, a. knowledge only, But l am proud to doubt that any fall so far of Passingvents, the situation and progress short of a realization of their high callings of-t- he different ; stakes of Zion, jfluE IreaE 3Forthe:ben efitofithose reharacteTndfeatures of - can at time better their, e t h i ng o f fi nan ce, an i merest i n always spend professpm home, let us discuss the question. public enterprises, lessons of sympathy for to we is all admit that it our duty do While a social, sisterly feeling for best to we seem k the very think each other, the steadiness of nerve requisite npw, many that what we do not know will ne ver " be to stand on ouFfeet arid: addresra company counted against us. But how will it be if of our peers, and many, other good and nec- we are wilfully ignorant? if we purposely essary lessons. avoid the means of gaining knowledge Axnong other things, it is necessary to or of either temporal spiritual things? Shall learn discrimination between good and evil we not then fall under condemnation for our for .ourselves, and not be dependent on ignorance? If we fail to cultivate the tal- others for information on such subjects. ents we possess, shall we not fare as did the Then we should no longer bo in such un unprofitable servant who hid his talent in wholesome fear of being sneered at as and the earth and improved it not? ,'' dc, Besides the disbursement of charity, it is if we go about on legitimate and honorable the duty of each member of a Society of business we cannot be frightened out of it sisters to improve herself; and she may be because some unworthy child of Adam sure that whatever she gains in vigor of chooses to accuse us of "gadding." thought and understanding, happy expresAlthough woman's first, and most likely sion or her children will in- her last, duty is at her fireside, she has in herit. The mother's looks, waya and forms termediate ones elsewhere. She should of speech are unconsciously copied by her visit the sick to surprise the weak appetite children, and for their sake it is her duty to with, some dainty of, her own preparation, cultivate every worthy attribute of her na- to lighten a heavy hour with her gentle con ture to the utmost extent of harmonious ac- versation, or, win for the sufferer a refresh tion,. thasha;jnayhye.jyie ability to set for ing slumber by fixing the attention or noisy, them a copy worthy of imitation. neglected little ones with a pleasant story If she never undertakes to address sev- or a new; game eral persons connectedly, how shall she overShe should attend lectures," xncerts; libra come the habit of speaking in the fragmen- ries, art galleries and whatever means is tary, unfinished style of the ignorant and within her reach to inform her mind, relax timid? When shall she cease to be morti- -' her nerves, and quicken her relish of life; fied at hearing her, children hesitate, repeat for by these, means she gives her children -- 101. ' - . -- ? scornful. : s, . . "blue-stockin- g" 'strong-minded- self-possessio- n, "andsfammer when"trying to narrate "any " passing incident? If she never expects to impart her thoughts to others, what stimulus has she to cultivate habits of deep and continuous thought? and if she has not that potver herself, howcan she, give it to her childrenrZIZIIl" If she. strengthen -- 'rr--;;r'rr- not her own faith in the glorious plan of salvation which God has revealed to His children, how can she build up theirs? If no noble enthusiasm for the good of humanity warm her own heart, how can she impart such to them? Dear sisters, may it not bo that God is testing us in small matters preparatory to calling us to labor in great ones? or, rather, does not He allow great maltersto appear small in our eyes, that we may prove whether we are willing to live up to our privileges and avail ourselves of every opportunity to educate ourselves, and be prepared to occupy- any position, however important or responsible, to which we may be called? How can wo guess what duties the near future has in store "for us? d, There arc yet portions of the Gospel and in view1 of what it may disclose, how heedful should we be that the dark day finds us not with dark and empty lamps like : all-import- ant unre-veale- the foolish virgins. We are "women; and the day has yet scarcely dawned when the name woman Is not a synonym of ignorance and weakness. fiappy-'t- e healthy bodies. Be it remembered only, that recreation, like labor, should be taken in such quanta tics as .will invigorate, not weaken. And no manifest duty should be set aside 'for something more agreeable; but let us imi o tate the plays .to rest from study, and studies to rest from play. The creat point which I wish to urge is that the child of a cultivated mother is more likely to be intelligent than the child of an ignorant mothera moral mother's child will be moral, a capablo woman's child will be capable, a religious mother's child religious &c My firm belief is that the mother who keeps home'more 'strictly than necessary, thus leading too narrow a life, is farther from her duty than she who studies to save labor that sho may have time to mfnp-lfwith her kind, to inform her mind and refresh her body. Indeed the latter course is'the duty of every mother so rar as it extends. It is foolish almost to wickedness to consume time, strength and temper inembroideringrtucking and ruflling what wo wear, when plain, neat garments are more just as pleasant to Iooic wpon, and far comfortable; or 10 spenu uic juuK .uyu hnnrs of a summer's day over a roaring stove, stirring, beating, frothing, mixing unhealthful compounds to stimulate sun more our already vitiated appetites, and im school-boywh- t . . f Beaver, April 2nd, 1874 .".V POPULARITY- -- ther-reUgion-w- fellow-creature- p ; is pleasan Hp be popular, but popularity . must riotjbe gained at, sthe. expense of truth It and i teA picT Testament dutyIdaof mode, Christ.' Their pQpyiag office' and f utteracnes gave' !pffence. ': v - When Phocion in tho.delivefyof an .oration A was warmly applauded j he askVd Hi's friends : whaf he" hadsaid: that was WiongV Oar , SaviorioldV his disciples, "W0&1 un toyou when all men shall speak, well of you, Jor' so did their fathers unto the false prophets;' arid when a Christian minister is popular', with "men of the4 world who have their portion in this life,", and they commend bis daily deportment and sermons, he' 'may well y1 doubt whether he is doing , his duty and " faithfully preaching the. whole' counsel of ;i God; ;for according to the ancient adage? "a compliant temper makei 'Triendsl truth ex- The" pure doctrineand 'pre- cites odium.' ! til.ti-- . - I.....V.1 tU;",' Mt mtl.t cepis oi .iirisuauiiy urufumumijj m .puuus, and earthly hearts, arid therefore repulsive , to them. : , ,. j , . . 1 : 1 .- , 1 A HAPPrTHOJJGIltf :i A story is told of Governor GhjUcndon, .! who was one of the early Governors bt iVer-- : mont. He was quite an extensive, fffinery,, and in those days to be a governor iUtt nfy&z greatly interfere with the incumbent,3 Ojdi- - J flaryrocfttion.HeJia them a boy of bright intellect mi thevotor;: decidedly dull. The old gentleman ihoOght: that nature had done enough fdr:the.y.oangr:. est and that he would make his way to j the i I world without more than common-chOol:- ij education, but that the elder One would need all the aid of a liberal education to wake iip. the natural .deticiency, and ne was acqorari i ii)2v sent to college, while his brother was;c kept on the farm. It happened one;:pring:i jthat among the fruit of the Governor's jierd.i , was a very stupid calf. It would not: fJiCK.:or.drink. and no amount of effit n the.; part of the father, son, or hired man, could induce him to take his sustenance. After repeated trials the good man's patience, gave out, and he said to his son, "Freeman, what on earth shall we do with this stupid fool?'f "I don't know father," was the ready response, "unless wo v send mm to - college . . . with Martin." - , , : : - Would a man know himself, he must study his natural temper, his constitutional inclination, and favorite passions; for bythese a man's best judcrment is easily peiverted, and a wrong bias hung upon his mind. These are the inlets of prejudice, the unguarded avenues of the mind, by which a thousand errors and secret faults find admission without being observed. ' ; 