I ; WOMAN'S EXPO NEXT, IFor tbe Expoxekt N 1 GOVERNMENT, PEOPLE AND, r" PRIVILEGES. (concluded) No! even though it is an admitted . fact j , that a father can scarcely even understand the height, the depth, the beauty and the strength, the utter devotion of a mother's love, yet, the law, as a simple deduction from, the fact of his ownei ship , of the mother, gives the child to the father alone. So, in case of separation, the father, unless he can be proved a lunatic, a dangerous drunkard or a felon, has the authority, of 4aw4o4eahIshild 171 ance; and a remnant of their logic is warmed over for use in woman'scase. "Keep Woman to her needlework her housework, her frills and her flounces, and if pwaoi uiu, u uaiy a er wi in mem , ana we may still blame her for extravagance' and sneer at her for incapacity, and she will endure it all; but. once educate her as highly as our selves and remove her legal disabilities, she would become as an dobstinate as to think herself fully equal to us; and she might even decline to marry on our terms." Very likely, dear brothers, and ail the harm wish you is that every maid in the land were at this very hour in possession of a first-claeducation, and were particularly self-conceit- ed I , ss Indeed, though the two parents may have rimonial question. The former would place lived as har withm her rea the father, dying, may execute a wiUcveh mere fash and if the latter without his wife's knowledge, giviner his soul of them to the resolubrought every d child, even if unborn, to the care of a tion n&ver these laws were the mother has no redress. But let it so much remodeled as to make marriage be remembered that her death - and forty .,;f no o n Wills could never disturb him in possession I much the better for you and for posterity of his child. as well as for them. .' This, friends, is the land of boasted equal Some fear that giving man'slatitude to rights! This is the sovereignly which woman would make her fractious, overbearwoman inherits. This is the "protection" ing and unwjlling to beadvised; but I differ. which the strong extend over the weak. I" belie ve ninetynine"AVomen out" of a Allow me to say, without intending disre- hundred .would consult their husbands spect to any, that it reminds me of the and accept advice in all just and reas- wolfs protection of the lamb, when he ate onabi0 - things, for the ' sake of love it and thWraceditinsideof himself out I and respect, were such inducements of all danger. , them. And all experience teaches r The husband absorbs the wife's name, that blind and forced obedience is a dry person, property &c, and then boastsofbe-in- g skeleton compared with the strength and woman's protector. I admit that many beauty of obed ience or rather agreement of of them do so innocently, not knowing how opinion and efforts obtained with the full laws really stand, but it is time that they consent of conscience, judgment and affec- werenformed on theubj ect that they may tion. v:Z"r ;: ; choose their course with their eyes open. Set women on a true equality with yournot this a sorry sho wing for the most selves, and I venture to assert that the liberal and enlightened government on the frivolity and instability of which you comearth? the nation loremost and unrivaled in plain will speedily give place to thrift and the scale of civilization? sagacity, foresight and sound judgment, in in another is .this And there j point yet addition to a happy contentment with her case worthy of attention. lot itf place of the burning sense- - of wrong Could a woman consent so far to sacrifice which an intelligent, well informed woman her conscience and her sense of honor, she must feel when seeing the honest and faithand proper might enter into private contract with any fuljvifehornj) not his bear privileges for which the wifein alFbut name ..jnan, and so long as she did -'.. name nor claim marriage,sheinightlive.with pianiiALhiijleprived. Look at a large clas3 of women in Utah him, rear children, possess her own propYour laws do not recognize them erty, buy and sell, give legal deeds, make a legal will, and more than all, possess her as wives, and many have sadly mourned the r In own children. loss of their former friends' respect. to her Now what has the wife compensate some cases it took all the strength of their the A apname; for the loss of all these? faith in their holy religion and their trust proval of the, public; things quite necessary in God to give them courage to endure the to happine, certainly; but are they not scorn of the world, even though they knew dearly bought at the expense of all else the tie that bound them in the sacred relamore tion of wife, tobe strong enough to endure worth living for, including things ' precious than they? beyond the bounds of "earth" and timejthough I would not for a moment be understood they know the law which sanctioned their, to advocate any laxity in morals, for con- nuptials to be authorized by God Himself science must bo kept pure even if it be at and as far above human law as t he . heavens else dear and precious; are above the earth. the expense of But your laws choose to disapprove that but I would recommend it to the consideration of those who could amend these things, heavenly law, and therefore these women that since they make marriage a civil con- ehj oyrigh ts for wh i ch you r own wi ves, tract, and since one civil contract is as good whom you admit to be pure and upright as another if only as well adhered to, it scarcely dare to hope. Even if you repeal and the rights of suffrage, they in Utah can might be well to make the recognized honorable one a little less bitter in its still buy and sell, hold and convey titles and transact business of any kind; their exactions. satneither father nor I do not wonder that men who are at persons are their Qwn and law can deprive them of their children. isfied witlrsuch laws should be shocked . or .. Since the3hqnestlyjelie ve they a r dointoaJaw-booK seeing a woman-pee- p evince any interest in political affairs. They ing right, since their consciences are pure have good cause to dread that she might before the God they worship, and they have Jearn the depth and extent of the degrada- within no gnawing conviction of guilt to tion in which the law dooms her to live. I sap life at its fountain, what cause have they remember the slave owners of the South to regret the loss of a name which is to them hold in lieu of it thought it necessry to the security, of their- but a name, while they property that their slaves be kept in Jguor- such extensive andproud privileges? ion-worsh- to-marry- ,ur.,0 --- pf-fer-ed ' all . - u -- y. the-cod- law-make- rs e ithemselvesre mons I say I wonder they do not hasten to give.woman more otiier natural rights even if but through fear ip, stran-ger,an- to-da- must have in woman's docility and meekness when they expect her to livo within tho bounds of laws by them manufactured, and of morals by them laid down for her, (and which differs so utterly from the code they follow,) while they demand of her all but life itself and tho privilege of loving and serving them, as the price of so doing! For shame! how can thev ask a woman to share their life on such terms? how dare they advocate such accumulated injustice as is all but sufficient to drive their daughters to abjure marriage altogether? I wonder the fathers of this nation, in- - view of the tremendous publicity and majority they "What sublime faith daughters may be driven in very desperation to inves tigate the Mormon faith. And if once they do that with pure motives, they will do almost certain to embrace it for itself; besides choosing to become "seconds" for the sake of of enjoyihgt theTsametimethe approval motherof conscience and the unequaled joys hood, without being robbed by law of person, property, timo and offspring. -- a No doubt this would be to new, undreamed-o- f andstartling' possibility; but I would it could bo squarely presented to every influential citizen outside of Utah ; and that all might not be only startled by it, but so thoroughly alarmed as to feel compelled, if but for their own sakes, to give--no! not Give but yield to woman what is so justly her ,own the right , to stand as L. L. D. man's acknowledged equal. law-make- rs -- FACTS AND FIGURES. in There are about 0,000 Mormons living - the southern part oFIdaho Territory. Every white man in the Indian Territory, who marries a squaw, is given 100 acres of land. - . The Texas cattle crop of the present year is estimated to have brought $8,000,000 Jnto -- ' ' Ihe State. : EdwardiirfciUli(lJw.tL It is saidHhat banks of tho Thames about on -- ton-shru- b tho year tho 129G. The number of hares and rabbits produced annually in Great Britain, is said to be 30, 000,000, supplying 40,000 tons of food, r There are over sixty thousand Protestant churches in the United States, and about three thousand Roman Catholic churches. A cheese weighing 2, 200 pounds,made to order in Oneida Co. N. Y , was shipped to London a short time ago 27,000 pounds of milk were consumed in making it. to produce a great varie; Big brains seem ' ty of results. --Fisk's brain weighed . flftyeiffht ounces. Daniel Webster's weighed but fiftv.threo ounces and a half. Cavier had sixtv-fou- r ounces and a half, whilo Prof. -- -- Ruloff, Abercrorabio possessed sixty-three- : the murderer, who was executed at uwg- ounces of brain. hamlori had fifty-nin- e acres were taken up hv hompj5tcad entries. -- There is of public land un surveyed, 000,000-acre- s but this indudes mountains, alkaline plains, sand and sage deserts, swamp and shoal lands, railroad grants, etc. After deducting 00 these, it is estimated that it will takoland years to exhaust tho good government in the United States. Last year 4,000,000 'ct-1,20- 0, -- 