WOMAN'S EXPO N E N T. 157 neeted at the top are often very indistincttheir glorious nrincime.4 which Ipid to ptortW r's and v's are similar in form, as also their i's life and salvation; and especially for the one and e's. These are but a fer instances to which wnicn is so." obnoxious. to. the world. Fo: attention should he given, particularly in writ- without thisplurality of wives the salva not- be brought about ing proper names and foreign words,as the man tion of the world could be to nave the the written this much, having a desire only guide uscript may spelling. I i Mistakes often occur through hurry, ag the. to. add my .mite in bearing testimony to the poorest writer can with care.avoid such errors. Truth and opposing evil.: ExcelTjETTE. And though these may seem small matters.they Beaver City, Feb. 27th, 1874. may be more easily attended to by authors than wlio correct for the press; aud a little Dear Ex by those : care might probably save many mistakes. Although you hear very little from the He lief Society in this place, we are not idle hold meetings regularly once a week We HOME AFFAIRS. and sewincr circles once in two weeks: .both the severity fxWeJCache have are well attended considering ba-condition of our WhweatheiLaiidjthe caiisediiconsiderable fs itree There JiasjecQn tl y lately. We nope better mail - facui j aYoimg-r- jad ies'lietren eh men tzAsspjpiqiigji : EseclIpS will be the result. here, of which Mrs. Harriet Fotheringia m -; "TT 1 t ; (Jo.;-mai- l d beennTj Ues-iii-th- al " : ifrPROPOsmoxounih A S. high? Washington, Fek24th; 1874. Editor WomaSs Exponent: mf is The mutter -- flffitatrd. - tj i3, Deiner -- O , I t rr; There was a special meeting of the sisters in Heber City, called Feb. 28th, for the purpose of getting means to finish our hall, and also to fence in the lot upoivwhich the hall stanUs. Wheii done, this work will be a credit to the Society. The day was cold and stormy, but despite that, the sisters were .warm hearted and full of the .good spirit and of thanks to the Almighty for His blessings to them, which crown their feeble efforts in building up rind beautifying- - apIawITe rd ihthFvnr-metdujoj- L, SpidtjpO?odvitho upon, or h indering others. Bespcctfully, : Melissa keynolds. fnnl I n ternefHTTI ciefnra iLV ihn w '- v 141V UlOtVlO i ,iui ivvvu rnv hTrrnrv. carone of public importance, and, if properly cress of the Temple at St, George and have iin this ' eitv Atkins! . u u -i- RBEQ-iTTTTTKff sive! And shall we not learn to listen, and enjoy, daily precious communion from on All HU5IOBOUS.- - ried out, will doubtless be of great benefit. public institutions. The readers of the Exmar- "Limited PARTNERSiiirs',?-Chicag- o ponent are greatly pleased with its . wait anxiously for each num- nages. WOMAN'S VOICE. ber, thus proving it to be a welcome visitor; Does a dumb man always keep Query its will alt realize sisters trust we the. that Editor Exponent his word? For a season your paper has been lost to worth and aid in sustaining it. There is was Joan of Arc made of? me.and. indeed. I have felt lost without it. considerable sickness here.priuci pally amongA. She was Maid of Orleans. ; But I have just been perusing one of your children, and several deaths have lately ocissues, and it makes me feel thankful for trie I currea. What is the most becoming dress for the E. thank truth which it So ablv maintains. I Mary AsiiwoRTir, Secretary. bare earth? The skirts of a wood. which He for lather the light my Heavenly A Vermont cotemporary suggestively 1874. has revealed through; His Prophet Joseph February Selina, remarks: Anonymous communications aro s Smith, and for the knowledge which He-iThe Relief Society of Selina held its first worth four .cents a pound at this office. : continually offering to us, through His Pro- annual meeting on the 25th of December, A dog put out of court by order of tho phets and Itasmussen bench Margaret TS7SpPresidentMrs. is said to have rcast a look at the Why should we not rejoice, living' in this presiding. The Bishop and Counselors were for the purpose of being able to iden dav over which holy Prophets rejoiced see assisted the President judge and kindly present, ing it afar off? Sometimes I think we, as a and Secretary in filling out a pleasant pro- - tify him on some future occasion.7' people do . not realize and appreciate the gramme A general good - spirit prevailed A man in North Carolina, has been found blessings which are, and those which might during the day, and in the evening a dance of disturbing- by. guilty be ours. Else why do we not deny ourselves, was to all seemed out in came as which he always njoy singing out of time, given "and lay aside every weight and sin which themselves. The members of the Society, two and f bars He is indigbehind. doth so easily beset us, and run race with pa- almost without exception, are anxious to do nant and appeals. , tience which is ret before us?" uniare and all the can, generally A I can remember the state in which 'we, ted. good they boy having broken his rocking efhorse the day it was bought, his mother be with the rest of the world,were,before the A. Celinda Secretary. Martin, gan to rebuke him and box his ears. He si- fulgence of Truth came forth through Joseph enced her by inquiring, "What is the use ilSmith, the Prophet of God. Darkness had ; r Dear Exponent: of ar boss till he's broke?" pervaded the eartFTor4 aluTreaders In the year of sixty-onsand years. I shudder when I reflect upon the families of A sample of. the tyranny of man wasof will lift KonitrJiforl and wickfd World 35 it WaS. remembwmany shown at a woman's rights meeting in 1 We read of many instances in "the dark Northern Utah, were called to this Southern usville, where a gentleman entered and , And, not having duly considered Mission. to to on hold dared who all " where mect-nages which our Father had old his wife, one of the officers of tho divine the were children and authority women men, Christianity, to come homo quick "as tho baby had his Prophets, our leaders, bestowed to upon often death, and put tortured, cruelly and they felt ho colic." She went Women were treated as beasts of burden; the hearts of some did fail; almost heaven, I am not at homo from the party to If and at onetime in England, they were led thatthey must return to that, seemed to them night at 10 o'clock, said a husband to Jus with ropes around their necks to be sold as from which they Presi-Hol- y when wife, do not wait for me. That I won't,sho chattle in the markets. Eventually, the been exiled. Consequently, to his came visit enlied sisrnificantly, rll come for you! lo us, Bible came to be taught to the people dent Young soon after failure in the the apparent gentleman managed, prevent difficulty in some parts of the earth, and they became heart was pained by and in be at and home o dispensing encouragement some; . precisely at 10 o'clock. more enlightened. But although the Bible came in purity, gladness to the assemblies he addressed, a plan got up hi humans tew are Titles : "Breth-teachinwere words spoken these and repeatedly the its meaning was misinterpreted, assist natur in promulgating aristokrasy. Live be faithtul. be renand Sisters, patient, truths perof its sacred, precious aint ov enny more real use or nes- Titles to sterile and this country shall, verted. Some thought the Scriptures meant unto God collars are. abid- essity than dog most choice a become learnof satisfaction, Men some another. your and one thing I hav seen dog collars that cost 3 dollars flock shall desire and many ,tp ing place, that want worth, in enny market, ing puzzled their brains to malce comments, unto Saints have in on dogs the How it." to truly led them ambition as their 2 cents. 88 "just according X ! over Avords verified found those faith. of was Washington a grate po unity and ov form opinions. Tliere errato waste a This collar, Latter-dabe Saints the doubtful, shall And w into as divided world many The Christian damage tew the dog. Josh Billings different' sects, regardless of the words of and :hecd not the voice of God when He of His Piron. the French author, was on one Jcsu "Except ycare one, ye are not mine." "speaks to--them through the mouth occasion obliged ,to appear before aParisian Sisters, shallwe jiot no w, Joseph : Smith received the: Everlasting ITophet time when jhe magistrate whahaughtily.Jnterrogated: from the Heavens; and it is by this daily remember that his business or profession for a and through Its power, that the vants of God were a&sembled waiting even a sound, "I am a poet ir," said Piron. world must bo redeemed from the fallen manifestation of His power came and filled "0! O! a poet, are you? "I have ano "and benighted state in which it now grovels, as of a mighty rushing wind j ct waiting, ther who i5 a poet." where they sat. I feel to praise and worship my God, that tho place "Then wo are even," said Piron, "for I he has given mo H heart to receive the there came to them a still smalF voice, and have ii brother who isa fool." .. :- qVhat . ; Aftcs-who-ttre4iv4n- g ...... , one-hal- little . e, i- g, -- hadit . gs 1-- y -- 1 cspe-Gop- el JiinV-concernin- Ser-Gap- el -: 