WO MA N1 SEX P 0 NE NT 18 Treasurer. A selected essay from the Woman's Exponent was 'then read followed solo on by poetry, remarks from the Bishop, tho Organ, a general attraction to pie3 and of a cakes, toasts and th'ei announcement rinon fnr ho nvnnlnff. Meetinsr closed with singing and prayer. Mary A. Priciiett, Pi est. MOTHERLESS. SELECTED. A row of bright little faces, A patter of dear little feet, And lovlngrarnw closely entwiniDsr, . , Mother's warm kisses ta meet. Three little cups on the table, Three little chairs by the wall, . Three little curly heads nestle.1, Each on IU pillow so small. Ah! who cannot read me this riddle of joy? n darlings, each dear Httlo boy. They're mother' ' Three little tear-stainfaces, Little bare unwashed feet. Ehrlnkingly, timidly stealing. In terror, le3t blows they meet. .' : iJBajrftflry bread on the table,. Coli hart bench by the Strawi and a scanty torn blanket, .That will, hardly cover them all. on each little brow; No kisses God pity and holp themr They are motherless now. ed wall7 : -- -- in-comp- li- i :..Smi ta " j nOOM 1IVHIHIII .IrlmisaiAK.TA III those at Brown and Amherstjcollegesl there According to the new Year Book differladies in the are at present fifty-nin- e WOMAN'S VOICE. ent departments of Boston University, exclusive of those in the preparatory departDear Exponent: ments. They are distributed as follows: chosen as the our on position In reflecting: in the Colleere of Liberal Arts 4, in the Col- rieunle of God. I sometimes' think there are IU, HID UVMWl V do4 Icy t? Ul .iU.UOiV.V, m,. mmtf.rm, w V lnanyr especiailyarrwng'hTyou ng,vh0 IIM rlMIIHII 111 111. Ill LUCkrkiA IIMIIII re our not realize the importance of living " v. Medicine 30. we fashion and If did, pride strictly. ligion Mrs. Vassail, who lied lately- at Worces would have less foothold in bur midst and ter, was a sister of Miss Clara Barton, and instead of being lifted up with pride be was f ho flisif TCnrfh Arn wnman,wha welcomed cause of our worldly possessions, the greater fa our blessings the more humble we would be. the Old Sixth at Washington after itsJ We see many of our people associating mous march through Baltimore. She ivea war, and de with, and seeking the friendship of the at Washingtontoall through tho tne voted herself the soldiers in pleasant, agreeable gentlemen(?)who come utIiaki iTiirlriiFf orllr cVirt nnnfrtipf Afl nospitais, tHft di.S- in our midst with the avowed intention of ease which caused her death, The Univer- doing all in their power to pull down "Mor- monism." fSome of the gins even get mar salist society of Washington have passed ried to them. Oh.' girls where is your faith resolutions of sorrow at her death. in the religion you were born in or have embraced? You know, that you are casting LITTLE FOLKS. aside almost all hopes of an exaltation in he Celestial Kingdom of our Heavenly Johnny wTas telling his ma hew he was Father. You may plead the excuse that going to dress and show off when he was a hey intend to join the Church after awhile man. His ma asked "Johnny, how do Then let them do so, and prove themselves you expect to get your living when you are worthy of you before you risk your exalta a man' "WelIt,, said Johnny, "Pll get tion in their hands. Better, far better oe married, and live with my wife's pa.". he second wife of a good, faithful Latter- a girl "Won't you evettell?" whispered : one would exalt that than : you, day Saint, to a group of playmates. is op - "No,heDnly wife of a answerea a m. mother, my only ; posed to our religion, or any principle of it. third. us not Let . imagine, ray young brethren and "But you must not tell her."1 to us is for do be sisters, that there not-henothing ar what mymother may "ITwill cause we are young, for such is not the case, not know," she replied, and withdrew. And we will find all we can do, if we are prayer-- that girl was safe. iiiiu iu ui uuiiu iui ociv up iuc iviuuuiu Col. Tom Scot was hailed on the street. God. We have no time to lose in idleness; by a little bootblack with; "Boss, have it will take all the few years allotted to us. lately Col. pleasantly shook o obtain an exaltation, and we .should be yer boots shinedf The boy, rm no hankful if we can obtain it by a lifetime his finger at him, saying. "My little waif swung his box over K A73I, bossUiiTho devotion; his shoulder, and eyeing him from head to Richmond, Cache Co. foot, replied: "You'r boss of yer boots, ain't m 7 M I V : r- - to-ni- ht :Jt. S. REPORTS. Moroni, Sanpete Co., June 24tj!J1874. Dear Editor: The members of the Relief Society, are generally feeling well and ready to assist in the great Work which lies before us. Many deaths among the children, and a few among adults have occurred through scarlet fever, which, I am happy to say, has subsided. Our Society have raised one hundred dollars to assist in gathering the poor Saints: they have donated upwards of forty dollars, within the last few months for the benefit of those at home who were sick and needy, and the sisters have been very kind in visiting them and administering to their wants. We, as a Society, have been taking your paper and desire to renew our subscription, wishing tho Exponent good success, Tjlitha Avery, Sec'yO as Regen t pro tern; was i ndorsed montsrv rAstnmtirihS. A new college for the higher education of women will bo opened next September at ca with tht. foundation of lUl iUAUipiUUf MUWNay $358,000 left by Miss Sophia Smith. The ana me exam-course Is to cover years .. . . . four , i v- - young-man-th- Jane Bailey. at -- -- .. Spring City June 9th, Dear Editor 1874. : We held our annual meeting June 4th. 4 It should have been May 4th, but President Mary A. Hyde wished to attend conference, and tho sisters thought they would defer it until her return. The transactions of the :year wcro -- re vie wed,Uhai?ecretary!s, &nd Treasurers report read, showing the Society to bo in good condition. Wo have done moro in the past year than in any one year before, and all the sisters manifest a spirit to eontinuo in tho work. President Mary A. Hyde called a vote to see ho w many of the Society were willing to join the United Order, i They were all willing to join it and to do all the good they could. We are not organized in it yet, as a society but will be as soon as practicable. We aro enjoying general; good health and have excellent meetings; and hope God will bless all who desire and seek to do good. ' P. E. Bensoiy Scc'y . How touchingly beautiful thi3is! Three little New Hampshire girls, not long since, mother by death. Hearing that a Mrs. Myra Bradwell of tho Chicago Le lost their the family ' was dying,1 these of the Illinois lady friend of gal News is a three little children went to their grandState Press Association. mother, called her aside, and whispered in Mrs. Elizabeth Akers Allen ("Florence her ear: "Mrs. Is dying, and we want to Percy''), one of Maine's sweetest poets, is you to go and tell her to give our best love THE SEX. Vice-Preside- nt pend the summer in Portland. Mary F. Eastman delivered the address before tho Literary Societies of Otterbein University at Westerville, Ohio. The Sorosis of New - York has adopted resolutions expressive of their esteem and. regard for their president, Mr3. C. B. .Wil-bouwho has gone on an extended European toun A young English lady,-wh- o is not yet twenty-thre- e old has years painted a picture named "Calling the Roll after an engagement in the Crimea" which was placed on exhibition at the Royal Acadamy, and elici: The Secretary writes from Fairview, Sanpete Co. .The Relief Society of this place met on4 tho 13th of June, to celebrate their Gth anniversary. After tho customary proceedings, Bishop A. Tucker expressed his satisfaction in having an opportunity of meeting with tho society, spoke in praiso of their labors and financial condition and said they had proved alblessing to tho people here. Mrs- Mary A. Prichett Was unanimously sustained as President, Mrs Rebecca Tucker, first counselor. Mrs. ted special commendation. Hannah Cheeney was honorably released At a meeting of the Mount Vernon Lafrom acting as second counselor on account dles Association, held at Mount Vernon, of old age, and Mrs. Peterson was elected in Madame4 for PennBerghman, her stead. Mrs. Tilitha Avery was sus- sylvania, was elected Recent. tained as Secretary and Mrs. Sarah Terry as Her executive unanimously action during the past vear r; pie-parato- - ry - yOU?" Vice-Rege- nt to our mother. A school girl of one of the rural districts of Ohio, was heard tiying to convince a school boy that she liked him better than she did some other urchin of whom he seemed jealous. "Of course I like you better than I do Bill," said she, "for don't I miss words in my spelling lesson ortxpurpose, so as to be down to the foot of the class where you ' " .;v At a school examination, one of the visi: tors made a brief address to the pupils on the necessity of obeying their teachers and growing up loyal and useful citizens. To frive emphasis to his remarks, ho . pointed to a largo national flag on one side, of the room and enquired. "Boys, what is that flag for?" A little urchin who understood the condition of the house better than the are?" - '. . ..y;x;;'-- speaker, promptly answered, "To cover up me uin. sirr ' i 