WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 15S flowers. ; Jersey, and he uses it successfully among his pa ticnts. lie preserves it like herb teas; and keeps it in a dry place.. Dr. Thornton uses it as a stvn- Faith ix our own ability is half of every tic. JIc dips lint into nettle juice and inserts it in battle. i" to a bleedingw nose, with auick effect. He also Dre- costs more to avenge wrongs than to j scribes it for goiter, for which it is a specific remedy. bear them. Lin this case he grinds fifteen of the seeds and ad ministers once a day. The juice of the nettle has rSoME JUEX afe worth nothing, and others a singular effect on steel, which becomes flexible are worth less! by immersion in it. is the great art and of A CHILD'S QUESTIONS. '.. , " r Was he "ever .a baby, mother, That reeking and tattered iftan, With dead eyes' oiii oY hls'purple face, Looking only as dead eyes can? I'M a mother's kiss oyer fall on .rightful and grimacing rnouth? Did It use to jrattle and say aveet thing?, Like a bro0 ina ymimcr's drouth? Did ho lift up vrbite hands, praying The Ixrd his soul takeep, ,c , . : Who now goes words muttering dreadful A3 he rolls In the ditch to sleep? - --T- LIJATTCT' ' TT-- T T TTTXTmCt ' It i hat ' It philosophy life, to make the best of the present. CODE OF DRESS FOR LADIES. Experience without learning does more good than learning without experience. hole in a ship sinks it: so a An experienced writer gives this code of A little ' a man's ruin. 1. Ihe first instinct about a new fash- '' flour- The name of the architect who builds .. t.' i f. ii'. "IlappyiildreaAs me one. ion is .irue vour Don't wait till castles in the air is i iiin cannot thrive and isn 'TTit hf ii and Ilono nrrr : : tt foundation. the be hlppywitn j: yehasJosttsura lays its once at to the eage. the bunject thing bright faees as they respond to tones and words of He who thinks he knows evervthinc is and to bow the decision. rule, general affection from the lip of their parents! Little often deceived. He who weeps for every- 2. what suits one person does not suit they know of the deep solicitude, of the constant another. Know thyself. boay soon loses his eyesight care exercised toward them; but they do fully un3. Dress should supplement good points We are always complaining "that bdr derstand and appreciate protestations-oflove-a- nd correct and ' bad ones. Inn Thick and thin. tenderness. days are few, and acting as though there hy should we be chary of, these, and are not to all be short, to one would be no end to them. subjected when they cost only speaking? -- I know," said a Procrustean style. ladyjiot long ago, 'that my mother loved me tenSpare moments are like the gold dust of Colors 4. bo harmonious, should be should derly, but during-al-l my childhood I doubted it. If ime. Of all portions of life, spare moments were reany aear to ncr i queried, wny aia sne massed, should be becoming. Many little are the most fruitful of good or evil. never tell me so? Why did she never caress me, points or blotches of color sprinkled over a costume produce a disagreeably pied "and A wise man will desire no more than and assure ma of her love? She thought her as of a monstrous robin's what he can get justly' use soberly, distrib spoke loudly enough without words. I could speckled effect, a or plum pudding. One tint should ute cheerfully, and live upon contentedly. not read her actions then as I can now, and how. I egg relieved by a contrasting tint. No f Success rides on every longed to hear her call me loving names, and to prevail, hour; grapple it amount of fashionable have her wrap liio in the. sweet embrace of her prestige can make an and you may win, but,, without a grapple, it color becoming. "Nile green" will never Many a little heart aches unbecoming strong mother love." with is Work weathe go you. will turn some people into oranges, though just as this lady's did, and can be made happier by pon of. honor, and he who lacks the weapon the spontaneous utterances of .maternal affection twenty empresses ordain its adoption. will never triumph. o. Lines should be than by beads or dolls, fine clothes or costly toys. continuous, graceful Life is divided into three terras : that Children who grow up in this constant atmosphere ana lemimne. It is better to look like : a of love arerllyrmteafeYolISevel vieiuus.,, ..The woman (if you happen to be one) than like which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the mightiest of all agencies to lead the young in" paths any uung else even a fashion plate I 0. Ornament must be subordinate. Na present, and froin the present to live better of virtue h in the hands of parents, and to comfor the future. mand this agency they need to give expression to ture, with all her profusion, never forgets the natural overflow of their hearts. Children to tnis iunuamental law. Many op the brightest virtues are like be happy, need encouragement and praise. It is . 7. Above all things bo neat. Dainty pre stars there must be night or they cannot ana cision as lrcshucss is to i essential not enough tliat they escape censure. shine. Without suffering there could be Negatives woman as a flower. cold no fortitude, no patience, no compassion, no and Our blank. little ones want are'always 8. is the rarest and cheap sympathy. Individuality warm, positive approval when they have done right; est in the world. thing thus they will be made to feel that the paths of If a man. could make a single rose we And lastly, "Stylish" is of all the words 'wMoiira should him an empire yet. roses and in me ingiisii language the most deadly. flowers give no beautiful are scattered in pro less Asthma Remedy 1 ounces soda of potas, 1 It has 6lain its thousands. fusion over the world, and no one regards ounces pulverized black licoricCj 1 pint soda water. them. Luther. Dose, one tablespooiifiill .three times a day,or less if not required. Shake thoroughly before taking. CAN AVE Goodness of heart is a rav of divinitv TRUST WOMEN DOCTORS? A sura remedy if taken a3 directed. that dignifies hKmanity. attracts admiration. and assimilates those who possess it to their Golden Salvo Recipes. Two quarts" ra'w" linseed It is rath er la te i n t h o day to raiso this Creator: but like puro ETold it is liable to bn oil. three pounds good fresli resin, three pounds as women are quietly but success- - counterfeited. question, beeswax. Melt thoroughly together and turn into grungiroorrtbeir-ability-in-ever- v miiy That person may bo cruiltv of imnertf- tm boxes. Tins is the best salve known for burns. of medical science. . , department nence who considers not the circumstances To scalds, flesh wound.-?- old sores, piles, etc. fact is an argument, and the" world Every of make "small quantities the same proportion as above yet needs"line upon line" to free time, or engrosses the conversation, or from an it is required. O - underlying contempt for the ability and in makes himself the subject of his discourse. or pays no regard to the company he is in. Remedy for Bee Stings, tte. The tincture ct tellect of Woman. When a Hindoo priest is about to baptize The Nantucket "Mirror" gives the follow iodine is almost "a sovereign remedy for the sting of an infant, he utters the following beautiful bees, wasps, hornets, the bites of spiders, any ex- mg fact: ... senlimentr "Little babe thou renteredst The little girl, Sarah Barrally, who had ternal poisoning as the crushing of caterpillars, hop and com worms, on the flesh.- AmSlv the tincture the great sack or cluster of tumors removed weeping, while all around thee smil- -. 7th of September last, ed; contrive so to live that you may depart as soon aspossible in any way convenient. It may from her neck on the m '1 nome last xuesaay. This- remark- in smiles, while all around thee weep." be Lid at almost" any drug store or of any prac- reiurneu able operation, which we noticed in our colis easier to tell when others are flatterIt tising physician. umns at the timewas nerformed nt tho ed than when we ourselves are: and many Milk fur Diarrhea. The Milk Journal states on New England Hospital for Women and Chil a woman will lend a willing ear, and firm - the autliority xif J)rI3cnj:imin Clarke that in the dren, in lioston, by a lady surgeon, Miss Deiiei to the soft nothings of the very per East Indies .warm milk is used to a great extent as Dimmock. No less than seventy-on- e son whom she believes to be an arrant flat a specific for diarrhea. A pint every f jur hours tumors, in size from the dimension terer when other women arc in the case. varying will check" the most violent diarrhea, stomach-ach- e of a egg down to those of a pea, Whatever we undertake demands the incipient chobra and dvscntcrv. The milk should were pullet's found within the and were sucsack, best never !w boiled, but only heated saflicien'tly'-'.'t- o powers of our minds to discover its be removed. . The Httle is cessfully t i i girl now, whole bearing and intents, and the most orccauiy warm, notiitoo not lo urniK:. . to all appearances, entirely well. The case strict and vigilant observance of every spe-- . Medicinal Use of Nettles. Dr. Nicholl says that was an and one, extraordinary attracted the cific duty which it involves. Nothing great, the greatest preventive of yellow fever in Bermuda attention of several medical men who visit- or noble, or worthy is ever accomplished is dried nettle, powdered and used as a condiment ed the island last as well as summer, of all without and pain all cooking. enthusiasm, The lbchr resides tm'-- the Mo of our own people. Ex. tient labor. littlej? house-plants'cann- ot 1 t 1. t7f-nwt- "" -morrow, t ' . f ac-tio- ns ' -- .' ... : 1:1 , the-wor- ld 7 W 1 1 m . 1 1 . self-sacrific- e, 