." - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. f' f at this office, and if any mistakes should occur, with either our, cl or. country subscribers i please communicate with us, directly 150 tbaj they may; be rectified, f Always ip remiuog -- subscriptions give? the name and address7of each subscriber in full and distinctly written also state the amount of each subscription and when it is to commence. Much trouble is often saved by prompt attention $0 tbesali title mat- : HOME rAjKS.' Museum, we yteie recently shown a Diecb of ttie rock of Gibraltar: also a medal of : :At the purcsirverrstrock in of the labors of the frreiberg School of mines," mining and sm6tting the precious ore. These interesting specimens were presented by Mr. H. Sewell for a future Public Museum. , ... Another instance of the evils of throwing stones occurred lately.-- ; Mr. D. Grenig's little daughter, while play ing ihthe 7 garden," was struck on the forehead with a stone thrown by a boy about fourteen years old. The wound was a severe one. Parents should warn their children against such' a dangerous practice and use their influence lo put astop to itT f 4 r- 'Should this meet thereye onSarahCox, (Cose?) of Ogden City, please send proper ad dress to your sister Ellen.- - My letters all come back, without reaching you, from Ogden Post Office, and Utah, with the word "unclaimed" Ellen Stockholm, Mitchel-bur- y written on them Common, Monmouth, England. 3 tAugJlltb; We ' f 1874. ' ing our last Issue tosay.that it? was no fault of the Business Manager, who was. absent in the country for a few days hoping to realize a nec essary improvement in her heal th, and had left the business in campetent hands but sickness and other uaforseeny difficulties prevented, much to our ragret, , the paper being sent in ; ., time.: ,. NVelear from San Bernardino papers that Mrs. Elizabeth ? Hunt, mother of Col. J.. A. belting, ditd ithere,: AutlSth ,In, her eigh year. V She is described as being a kind hea rted woman of very re ten tive memory and superior intellectual and physical powers. In the war of 1812 she took an active part, be ing the owner of several privateers; and at one time went alone from Philadelphia,' her native place, to New York to see after her interests in that business. In 18324lshei twice visited the unsettled Indian Territory: subsequently she 'came to Utah and in 1863 moved to San which sHe made her home;" - h . ty-nin- th s Ber-nard- mo ! The following returns of the electionihow gress; Geo. For Delegate to ConCannori received 23,299 votes; R. (j,- x; Giving Mr. Baskin "4,523; featuring 19; Cannon majority of ;18,776. ; Tho' "People's 'atao carried tho electiohf 'of local offiTicket," cers excepting :in Tooele county, which we understand is to contested. ; ' -- ';; !. i i. j 1; J.-- . were ::jV"r I'' . : ti-- i r'j-'- raueh pleased with the following pass:iges in a letter to a former: f number of the 'New North West,1 arid republish AVe The mother said that education was hot necessary for women, for they would marry and then never have time to make use of if. ; The boy hM alwWs?acte(i enemusly by his sisters. Ho says their education was limited on his account and now he must do all ho can for.them. I speak of this young man because he has proved faithful to his trust when so - many others have iailec Many a young man will look down upon his sisters,; because ho knows more : than they, when his superior knowledge has been pur chased at the expense of their own educa tional necessities." BEAD AT THE FIFTH ANNUAL MEETING ' OF THE PAYSON BELIEF SOCIETY, ; -- St. Geohqe, Aug. 15th, 1874. Dkab Exponent: For tho florist this is the saddest iimo of tho year, tho great heat is so, exhausting to the plants that special care is necoiry. and Flowers should bboHobtcly-Syatero'the ground stirred often, at least s every day stems should be tied securely or two-Lo- ng to sticks, and all, old, dry, dead or, decaytho ing plants removed ftorn the garden and- Hoasfast As room given to other plants.. ; . d' , ses and Dahlias got out of bloom cut away the seed buds, and other flowers 4 will bo more perfect, larger and more plenty Keep Geraninmsin aa atmosphere cool and moistr. partly shaded from tho sun. Plant seeds now for win tor blooming in partly shaded situations. If noli already jdorie; "take up bulbs of Tulips, Crocus" Hyacinths, and all like flowering . plants, dry;, them in the shade and plant them out again in October. Save . ripe seeds orstich liowers-a-- s you ae- I t siro to propagator ana put inum iu uer - This is ah occasion calculated to awaken many reflections in the minds of rational, intelligent beings, wonave thciast to re- vievv,the future to contemplate but not in tho uncertain light that the world contemplates the future. We, as children of the ' light bags.plainly marking each pne.Put clown layplants as you have an assurance that the world has not: ers of Verbenas and such other an assurance that .man cannot give nor take wish to pot forwinter use. Cut ayay th- eto see away; then what manner of persons ought oldsteras of China Pinks if wo to be? Should we not seek to excel in them finely in bloom again. Gather all the for fancy franio examples all people upon the face :of various seeds you want : ' Flora. the earth ? knowing: as we do that the work, as they ripen.7 time of God's judgments is nterh at hand and nothing but strict obedience to every WAITING .UNTIL THE LAST MOMENT.' word of God ' Will avail us to turn" away ... f. t not fierce for His He will indignation; The habit of putting off t and deferring be mocked; neither, can lie look upon sin until tho last moment : which must with the least degree of allowance; and aK be ready at a certain things time causes much so has Ho not called us from among all naand mediocfo work, many unfinished' tions and plead with us continually,' from poor broken and is in ' fact ono of promises, jobs, to our all old leaven the means the begining, lay aside which the world is kept in even the ways of the" world and the fash confusion. by ; ions of Babylon and becomo one in all things I The workman or woman Jin any department according to the pattern given to the anwho is always prompt and of ' cient saints? which Gospel has been revealed punctual labor; n having j work ready when in these last days and taught continually. promised,Jstands the best kind of 1 chanco It is destined to stand, to revolutionize the to make money and frieiuis. ;, ; earth and bring in the reign of righteousWhen a customer has lo work a; day or ness and peace; to bring man back into the two on a dress alter it is sent homo from presence of his Creater and continue his the she is not apt to be pleased eternal round of glory, honor, power, do- with the job, or to call again, or recommend minion and eternal increase. What Intel; her friends to do so. rt UI' j jgen j tniindan (contemplate t Hese things Good drep-makiare 1calieticll)nes ly and not bo filled with unspeakable joy? or putting off Work, until haste makes ' a' botch who can shrink from any duty, or cross or of a garment. ; sacrifice if it can bo called a sacrifice? for ' : so a builds :'up Nothing reputation anil arO we not perishable and even the earth, friends and patronage to any busK and the elements aro to bo dissolved and brings ness as beginning in time to V have work pass away. But, behold! in obedience there ready when promb;ed, and to have it dono is safety, even when tho heavens and the well. who' act upon the earth shall have passed away, and, there- same Housekeepers principle have con ten ted fa milies, orfore let us bojyjsain the day of bur ..probaand plcasan t homcs, when deferring tion and lay aside every weight, and every derly to tho last minuto would, keepT things hi sinj even our unbelief which doth so easily jumblo of hot dinners,' scorched meats, hot beset us, for the Prophet - Joseph said that and cross husbands. .;; , .1, ; 'j unbelie t vas, of all others, the. most easy pastry besetting sin and would lead to all other sins, , Oh! then let, us be wise arid lay aside I A' Household Ornament.--A small every .vain Vdesirb. cultivate tho spirit of wire basket lined yvithvarlous4 colored. oneness and love, an unselfish loyo like that sue paper, nicely fringed hang in one, corour Savior manifested, even that ner of tho (robui ; a, Inirich ' of gay ' Boiithorh. which enabled him to overcome all the mo.?3 hang jl in wavy flakes around the powers of darkness and becomo sanctified ke t. ; In the bask c t sets a two o u nd 6 t e r, and glorified in a fulncs3 of his Father's can, filled with water and a sweet" po'tato.' presence. Jle has promised that they who It has sent out a vine, several feet in longlh, believe, nothing doubting, the thing3 that guided by strings over ihe clork, he did ehall they do also. Now do wo be. picture frames, and twining- thrnagh inrth Hove on Him? if so, lot us arise and let our tie ornaments, adding beauty ami ciieerful-ne- ss to tho rooinr ' It may not be generally" light shine by strict bbedienco to every word that shall pvoceed from His servants known that with a vessel kept full of clear and no powerwill bo able-t- o prevail against water in awarm room a sweet potato vino his chosen people. will grow ail winter. It is. not neccsiry that the sun shines ujon it." ? At- A. you-wis- f - . , ' r " . mmm0mm i ' J . .. ,A .'' ! dress-make- r, rs . . -- ) 1 '. ; ; " , self-deni-al them, hoping they may tend; to dispel tho unjust and too prevalent idea that boys must- - have ;ft superior education oven -- if their sister's schooling bo limited to obtiin it Iknow a mother who was left a widow with four children, threo girls and a boy. The girls; were limited in education in order When is a horse not worth a shilling? to givo the boy tho advantages he needed. When he is worthless. 1 FLORAL HINTS. - 1 - . , refer to the'un&voidable delay in mail the choice of tho people A ." ADDRESS. andfirepresentinthe mode, at that time, of ; H.-- 53 5 : I nTe it 1 no man A bank clerk. ' t 