Vol. No. 11. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1, 1874. 3. that the cause of woman progresses slowly, plied : "It reminds mo of ono of my cows. She raises her tail higher, bellows and paws but it is becoming" every day more sure. than any JJAME f Aauiua is aiwaya myiug wmenro nf fhn srtf. the ground, and makes more fuss ifnrTMTQ Wnrtr r on torand the critter now she says, "Wear high farm, gives les3 thing, and inhabitants in, the grasshopper re- - other lt01se:eiVmD3aSain--Z:!::."1:'?.- ;' gions of Nebraska. Some are said to bo in the One evening, a lady, who belongs on the be a relief to agreatmany ladies neighborhood of starvation, and thousands It will in Wrn thnt thft latest, Paris skirt inst nine- - will have to be fed bv charitv. These editorial staff of one of the leading dailies ' scenes of distress are near home j and after oi iMew xorK, naa oeen aetamea oy omce 1y r1fiarfthft grQiindTj . v the several jrrasshopWrmi EDITORIAL NOTES. -- h 1 - - r: : A this Territory, such reports can but remind the people that through the mercies of God, Uentlemen editors aro mamng remarks they havo thus far been saved from such on tne inai jiiiss onerraaa calamities, by hearkening In a measure to had, among other things in her bridal ward- the counsel of His servants, to "live within 'store up their grai lzi robe, ono hundred pairs of stockings. We their means'-and would like td know if it is any legitimate Political arithmeticians have demon affair of theirs if she had three hundred, strated that if every man would work four for them. haven't to sa cuv . .... a a saia-to-oe-ia- a ventuTotb-g- o homeiwithout an. escort, so she started. On the boat a gen tie man (?) said, "Are you alone?M "No sir,", said the lady, and when the boat touchedMepped off,: fl though t you said you- - were not alone," - o- T cs " X atr--- n - ' -- said'the fellowstepplng-- her side again. am "I not,' replied the lady. "Why I don't see any one: who: is Willi you?" "God Almighty and the angels sir--I am pay provided they. good hours in each day, on something, of never albhe.n "You keep too good compareliable authority; that or use, it would be labor sufficient to procure It is statedof onwhite ny for me madam j; good night." ; ''n: formed men are No such life. comforts all of the being necessary ganizations Gordon, the Scottish painter. used to fell J36uthernlS as want would be known, and the rein all-t- he thing colored man and the carpet bagger." An ex- - maining twenty hours might - be for rest, this story of Lord Palmerston: "X had, exhibited for years," but without any particular. chance savs. "This means a war of races.' leisure and pleasure. As nothing: success. ' Oneryear howeverrtho year beBy prophetic discernment it was proclaimed about the employment of woman, wo sup fore I painted The CorsicahsLord Pal pose her whole time might be given to sell- years ago that such a war would come. took a sudden fancy to merston and of the her one, oipiemre exercise, improvement a advanced has Toronto , Ccnada, step un called in 'Summer the Lowlands,'and bought to miscaKaDie, uncontrovertible richt ahead by lectmga woman, Mrs. B. Herman, at Sho !' of work forth others her i.urse; ..Vs brmg Rhfl species,,to assist: TVon an no n.tr will doubtlcs " ' V V.V rAr. same time made inquiries after the artist, t J 1B anu DQ Ior-orKeu trust of such in proving that positions public and invited me to call upon him. I waited : susand as at be Wash The officers of the Treasury faithfully, judiciously may i upon his lordship accordingly. He compli1L la as ever mucn oi discussion upon mented me upon the tained by aaugnters mgton, nave, alter but there was jve ; iney were by any cf Adam's sons. the subject of relatives in office, concluded one thing aboutyit he picture, could rot understand; a or a father that person mother, is having What mv lord?' T nskwl. That that, ::By TUE Bnwklyn'l boiler explosion, e anyshould be there department loner Wh trrass iri a field .norjdjauterjnv on"the 22nd ult.',in the river fwblchcufred --o ' be cannot in the government aro employed where there many 8hi?pri:ilfii hfa twelve miles below Detroit, Michigan, it now and person any lordship, promptly, and with a merry twin was reported that sixteen persons were in Treasury department, who havo in the any employed kle of the eye. It was a decided hit this; departments stantaneously killed, and a number more of the above named in relatives the govern and bndlv inlured. This is but one of a series having bought the picture and paid for bo must ment removed." a service Quite was entitled to his joke. How do he nature' arid it, of shocking events of a similar - be vacancies will of number of the result you account for it?' he wenu on, smiling, Of recent date, by which almost countless new anti some in al this order, instances, and looking first at tho picture and then at souls have been suddenly ushered into eter most be thrown but of mcr---'x families entire will, ioroti--X . re "r;:, TrT"!;rrr ; nity.' employ; But after all the movement may 'were only turned into the field the night : AN editor of forty years standing says not be an injudicious one. ; before I finished the picture.' His lordshio he never lost a dollar by a female subscriber. laughed heartily, and said 'Bravo' at my reHe thinks women make it a point of conANECDOTES. ply, and : gave mb a commission for, two scientious duty to pay for anything they barmore pictures,; qygain for. We heard a photographic artist say, is related of a minister who was noted It An anecdote of enlivened Mrs. Greeley ne not lone- since, mat scarcely consiuerea ii for his sermons divisions Liliie many Deveiaux Blak&'s argument before the necessarv'to book anything against a woman; that onelong when he with was advaneiuganiong Judiciary Committee of the New York As- he never knew one to forget or fail to pay a his teens,day, a kind of rest- - sembly, the other day. She wished' to il at he reached last dtxhii. lRnrh exnressions in woman's favor hi3 in discourse, when, pausing to lustrate by it the proposition that a strong argue well for the rights she claims. take breath, ho asked the question, "And man did not always play the roll 111., what shall I say more?" A voice from the or of , his fellow-siste- r, And thid is the sto-At Oak Ridge cemetery Springfield, Lin Abraham President pongregatJon t.:eesUy.xespQn'ded,,Say jryVOnacertain.pccaji6nJwhen Mr. Greeley a statue of the late Amenr' was quite a young man, and lived in a coon- the , been coln has recently completed upon crmt whprn rest his earthly remains. The h Bunyan, the author: of : "Pilgrims Pro-- try infested by wild animals, he went call- event of unveiling the statue in the pres gres3," on; being cast into prison, made a nC on a distant neighbor lato one af ternoon; ence of an immense crowd, was conducted flute of one of the rails of the stool belong- - After spending an hour or two of delightful with grand ceremony.. . Appropriate5 music ingto his cell. The keeper often heard social intercourse, he received an intimation was followed by. eloquent orations, r Many sweet music, but could not trace it, as Bun- - from tno head of the houso that it was time good things were spoken and read;, among yan,on his approach always replaced the rail or "m. lo lurn "is steps homeward. : Ho .the best, perhaps, was tno statement ina in the stool The officers gearchcd'in vain a00 seemed loath to act upon the advice for the mysterious soundsbut Bunyan kept given him, and, with that frankness that al- the statue was completed and paid for. his secret, and the baffled men wero forced 1 way cnaractenzed nim, bluntly confessed Woman's of the session The second to believe them supernatural. that, as his path8, home lay through a :pieco was held in Chicago last month. Mrs. d of woods, he was afraid to cro. Gov. Woodson a In made number of a and speech Lafayette At which the farmers two buxom and bounclarge Livermore presided, Missouri, the other day. which it ing daughters volunteered to see Iloraco representative women were present, jsiat-,'te- County, was hoped would have a beneflcial effect fn home, and, their concerning the education and general guardianship being accept the Grangers to join the Democratic did improvement - of - w oman were freely and inducing actually accompany their guest to .- At the closo of the tffort a particu ed, and partyand suggestions reports discussed; ably the threshold of hi3 own home. : was The attentive asked what read; were he larly Granger upon the same subjects of thought it Pondering a moment he re- - A week conclusionSaturday night. lasted three days. It may yet appear -- to'-- ' - -- t'':'' , ls-.&u- . r," ; -- m m. . - - l0hP - of-th- "py: - noscrr-gneePt-m- : L -- f W V - rir. ing-pla- ce of-protec- t- j ; ; t . -- 1 Con-Vrc- s3 wolf-Infeste- rs 1 : ses-"fii- on ' 