L FACTS AND FIGURES. ; . --- in Mbs Margaret Tall man, j aged years, on tho :0tn August died in East Saginaw I Over 7,000 percii of stone have all' ready Iweti'used in theioundation of the Centen- - : , The French Minister to England gets a saxary ot iUuo a year,: :, ; tI r ; in the second week of Au gust 01,000 paupers1 and the ' births' In the the; same week; were 2.365 game city wniie iiic ueuius were umy i,ouo. fr ; r,TiiiEisanappla t living atYorkr Me,, which was brought from England. Jn a tubzoa yearsagoxjmd xanqtherat Bristol, 200 years old, that still bears fruit. book-binderie- s, v :, y ' .. ?-- If sowho-isresponsiblei- fbri of-whi- ch " t 1 . 1 prepare from honey: a sort of sugar, which . is solid andTaS; white as snov. vTheyexpose the honey to frost ; for about three weeks, where neither suhror pnbw can reach it, and in a vessel which is a bad conductor of caloric, by which' process the honey becomes : . vclear andL hard, like sugan. ; The railway which is soon. to. be con-- . structed from Naples to t he top of Mount Vesuvius will be about' six miles long. From the city to the base of the mountain, fourteen miles, ordinary rails will be used, """Tbut the remainder of the way the system of traction by iron rails will be adopted. " The terminus,: which wltl be within a few steps of the crater will' be sunk twenty metres : . under ' the Jlaya."ln;;case of eruption, the current Vwould thus be turned away from the rail, which throughout its whole: course will be raised above the level of the soil. -- . Eighteen years ago, an educational con vention was Jieia, in rennsytyania, and a of the proposition favoring the sexes was, after a day's wrangling and amid co-educat- ion bitter opjwstt Pennsylvania hasjust; held another educational convention, and the same proposition was carried without a dissenting voice. The ; Jatejjojwenjjonj to open their doors to women without further delay, as it holds the admission of women to the college' only a question of ' timel- - Santa Barbara Index. -- -- Within thirty miles of '- -'''' London, lavender fields have become quite an extensiveand recognized industry and there is annually oil produced in England alone, sufficient ' thoiu to manufacture the from plant thirty sand gallons of spirits of lavender, besides a large quantity, the total .of Which is uri. known, to be used 1 in the production of other perfumes! with more ; pretentious . names. The , plant' is afc 'its best U he hyeen three years of age and seven. The harvest The time is the' first week in August flowers are then cut and taken totherdis-tillery- ,' followed by an Innumerable army of 'bees, which insect Is especially fond of them. Here the essential oils are pressed out, and are ready to be mixed with the proper ingre- M - . : grief-strike- " 1 f ine : , . . . deg-wdati- ; pi stilHveeerfoilowing-th- e ilesQlaiepaih, turniugeither to, the .gilded way of, sin, otry and prejudices to carry them; thls,a minister , of : the Gospel (?) refuses nor CfalunTihtoV the abyss of disipation. Is there not a lesson I of patience, fortitude, burial to a little boy who never knew anyperseverance "and 'endurance in , the ji fe" of thing of sin, but to show hls spleen";; bh its myu parents who presumed on serving God in a ine sevving gin, mai pugiu w saumu, J from thir. 'vvays of idleness arid lov dissi- difererit manner than ho Would have them pation? Is nbthe';lord of creation" do.1.;: Shame' on1 all such ;whO:assumer to feometimes ghamefaced to see in the delicate themselyessuch prerogatives, for they call creature threading her 'way, home frpi'n dqyn the Indignation of an offended God work, a woman who. has labored faithfully upon them; they know hot how futile their who has been tempted sorely, iwhoso home efforts will bo to accomplish what they have is comfortlesSjWhbse table Is poorly supplied, In their hearts, arid how low they will sink "yet who has beeri falthfiil to her trust Jrt all down in (disgrace as many others have done thing.v,whlle'he. hasallen from:WorkJpeii. who ha vp; raised their heel alhslthje. wbrk so-call- ed : ; . his money in ylcibus iysa self ii disgrace to his; species.V How; will ,i or "eight. thouaverage to compare the , sis ; sand men who are seen in the' saloons, low places of amusemen t and loafing on the three or street corners at nights with these : four thousand1 women? Which is following .'" dients' to make lavender water. . thesleepest path with tlid bra vest purpose? Which" meets tbmptiitioh and puts it' aside with the firmest hand? Where Is the softGentleman (who had stepped upon her est nature 'and the'1, moat redeeming spirit? dress) A thousand pardons, madam. Lady And yetj though' their service1 be harder, (pleasantly): It's of no: consequence, sir. these women are not paid liko men; . . What she said : of him. "Awkward, stupid fellow! My gathers are all torn outjand " F ve got to go home1; What ho said ; to 'Lo3T child" was announced at Farming out to hiai3elf,::Confoundedly ridiculous fashio n, fnnr- Afnfn0.: and the town turned! these trains In the street! Make a man look aMrch:"' Afterac time the frantic mother re like a tol, icutling up such capers with membered that she had put liim in hts little ; " "7.--: them." bed;'v:v:-r:7'; 7 ;': . - - . 1 - - intolerance; Tho spirit of religious intolerance j San of in said Francisco is i It that the. city is not altogether confined to Utah, for ; we there are between three and four thousand are pained to have to record an instance women and girls, ranging from mature age which Toccurcd a fe w "weeksr ago here i n to almost infantilo years, who daily leave Christian England, tho 'circumstances of their, homes to perform some kind of work which we take from a letterTwritten by the in the various stores,, shops, mother: A child, of parents who had emetc. kt i braced the Gospel of i Christ as; bellved In i printing offices, What say the sticklers for." woman's and "practiced by the Latter-daSaints ' resphered, at this? These women and siding near Warwickshire, was taken ill hours the the of away are, thrpugh one morning, and on the next morning was day long from- - their homes. Are they' out of their seized " with convulsions and died ; before : sphere, that God and nature designed them medical raid could be called: in J in conseth us quence tofill the doctor refused' to ;givo. th warting the designs of the. Creator and a certificate of its death, but after explana' " " ' tion did subverting His laws. give one, upon which," application Of all the twaddle, familiarly called "ob- - was made to tho clergymanfor; his certifi Iwo idaJIyhearzperhaps cate ; he refused tot give one ;br havo Mo jectionswhleh ' . il.t Lii.i uuneu '...Hi it cousecraieu Is: so that which persistently urged relative ciiuu wiiuin mo gruuuu, to home being the only legitimate province his only excuse as made known, was the for the exercise of woman's - talent, Is the child had not been christened; under this most exasperating 4o" patience, because0 iii state of things the' n parents me juainest violation oi com raon sense. were compelled to keep their dead child fivo To declare that God designed all women to when the "clergyman leaving town remain at home, and then witness the stress day, the sexton consented that if the parents of "eircumstahees7 that Tcom pels1 Yso many could get 6omcwoman to carry the, child to tnousanus oi xnem 10 wonc aoroau to main- the church-yar- a or ccmetry after sunset, he tain a homW, is equivalent to an accusation would Jbury it outsido tho consecrated thatHe is nriable to carry out His designs ground, but she must not let it bo - seen, or in the formation of His crea tures. ;Siicn say anything abput' it? i Under these cirsacrilege as tiilsHye' leave for those who be- cumstances the parents not knowing: .what lieve that were it not for the powerful aid else to do consented to this proposition, the that masculine humanitv renders to Divinit- mother pt the child; however jfoliQv,ed the y,1 He would be: totally unable to kee p feni person who carried ;the f corpse and ;stood! and legiti away off and; saw the sexton dIg?a hole hear proper" humanity within ' ' ' mate bounds, v tho fencei arid bury the child as ho would a ihfregard to the manner in. which ,.ihe cat or 'dog. The mother overppweredwitlito woman workers of Xx e world e ngage I n; th e grief came up, and asked permission duties that fall .'to their , share, we quote plant a rose tree in the edge to mark the froin the Gold en J3ra ' (San Fiahcisco) the spot, but was informed by tho sexton that following: , If. there is one thing that testi- ho dare Jipt let her do anything of the kind, fies in woman's favor more than another, t but he leveled tho iground so that no traces is her willingness to'. worjk.nd jjaifi i'an hon of 4he burial could be seen; This was very estUvelihooC grievous to the parents as they , have two .. tempted often sorely pressed for foodf they other children buried in the same cemetry; parsue-their- ; 'duty.' The life, of a sewing neitherof which had beeni christened, yet girl, as she toils from inorping till night, for they wpre favored with what is called a Christian, burials JCawhatjsiaie of a seamy salary, is uut um luurst , ? il Lou DON" had RELIGIOUS WOMEN W OR KERS. From tho "Now North West.'1 ' tlme'wiirco'mQ'and'is ?not':far" otQTho distant when they will realize nn4 know to their sorrow against whom they havo waged such a warfare, yet wo would after alf,! and more especially' could we see them repent "' of their evil way jsay 'with our Savior-'arth- er forgive therii for they know "not J. N in Mill Star.: what they do.- .;, , "r.". Ir. ls' told ofvamari poorly dressed that ho went to church "seeking1 an'opporturiity to worship. The tisher did hot notice hlm,but . : -- 1 d seated several persons who presented ; thenelyesjjjivheh finally the man add ressed tho ush eiy say i hg :; Oaxr you f el I mo' whoo: church' this Isl" Xes, this Js Christ's Church." l.'Is ho in?'l'was the riext which a scat was jiot "so hard question, after ' ' ' "." 'find." to well-dresse- 1 : ' ' 