WOMAN'S EXP ON EN T. w " - not one and we hope, for the author's sake, It may was of III., Galesburg, THE SEX: dav n rticed by an engineer on the Chicago !c the last. We would urge our Sisters to. continue their and of Ilaiiroaa, enaeayor Quincy, M. the Burlington MiStfAIta lawyer lady . . ...... has Hulett, and writing; lor' these exer-iaim thtiT nun rrrxr. ii. thinking reading, wmc to sun. an won ing ac- important . just Chi&goy : foot fast in a cises, properly pursued, are true'methdds;of ..J IX is announced that queen victoria she did not heed the whistle quiring and communicating Intelligence. And tQ herpetj -viit Germany during the coming summer. f . pntrin Just before the engine because a woman; is a,' wife ab mother, with larger por-- ; lm;the Av English lady has promised $25,000 reached them, the lamb was extricated and home and iamilyrcares to ' r. but- she was, struck by the tion of her time and attenUon, is no reason J w t ihA viniTvrtQA nf v nnnlvfnf Jerusalem with hminrfpd. flwftv. '' J '. ..... ' PIIOI OI lllo cuL'iiieauu miuwu oumc Wjter.: the privilegef improying i her mental why was found with ... , track. She the - y-fAfit - from . should be withheld from her; or that . . .Miss .uia iiournan, ciaugmer - w ine flml inftn insensible faculties, she should voluntarily lay it aside for things of ft few miles south vi-.:V"'":.v::,.-;--:- - 'W-v- j .... " - 1 s.yv ,! I Tm: Duchess dfEndInbargh it is report- - www V less importance? to herself, and to future generaf WrT n tions.; pz:.: ::i she soon recovered. In contemplating the vastness of the future glteingbeiorftth nearanco of h er new "home,- - the Ctxtmm Miss Lizzie Perry of Holyoke, Mass., took the htehest rank among all the students of the cMmraar school in that city, at the monthly examination for April. The Emperor of Austria has just confer red on Mme. Adclina Pattl tho title (Singer of the Imperial House), an honorary distinction very rarely Dear Exponent: . Wednesday, 3fayt 1 3thp5 Brother John Rr Young, and company; re turned r home yesterday,- - They had no trouble tvith'tbe Indians, and the Lord ruled- e very thing: for. their- good ; , for which we fcelyery thankfuL'.ylt certainly looked f, a? though they were sure to. have.; some dink cultyj the Navijoesrare veryrangiy-i- r We -A have had a oy of Thanksgiving stil1 ladies this few peoplo met at the Bishops morning Notwithstanding the danger, entrust themselves to Hymen,1 even at the and - cooked dinner for the: brethren-wh- o risk of .gettihgi.IntJhXLInJkyyLatinot have been over thev' riverr and 7 have, been knowing; whether they will imake land or brought back i through alt 4he : dangers by water: II. M. B- .the hand of the Xord4 Misa Garrison, in Council ,Bluffs, Iowa, has created quite a stir by speaking .in sevTHE eral saloons. , At first she was roughly treatmet has since with then ed by the crowd, but favor. greater t. G KEENE It I C II AUDM, Editor. COn.VELIA II. II Oil XE, BoAlnem Hanaer. TiiE'Buchess of Lancaster, who is better last received known as Queen Victoria, year from her duchy tho substantial income of Tab khed ee in Salt ' Lake , City, One copy one year, S2,00- - one copy tlx month, $500,000. In 18 17, this property brought to Ten copies for the price of nine. AdVettilnp 31.00. her about $1 50,000. ; rite?: Each square, eight lines of nonpareil pare,r one Miss Rebecca Rice lias been called to the lime; f2.O0;; per moat hf fS.: A Utal. discount: to resalar'ndTertirers. , : Professorship of i Mathematics IniiAntlocb EiiwttentOfllee, on TVcstTerapIc3t.near First SouthD Qity Market- places Businefa hour from CollegeYellow Springs, Ohio; Miss Rice St., opposite 4 to tn Monday and Fridajj. , a.aii p.n. has been studying for some time in Europe, Address all busincBs communications lb . and brings to tho position ripe scholarship i publishers WbHi5J's:EilsoxEiff Salt Lake City, Utah.. and experience as a teacher; r Mlle. Zaire Thalberg,the (laughter: of Thalberg, the pianist, Is i ii6wTinParisand mXTl7AKEnYrJtlrl874.' hercarly appearance on the lyric stager Is to ' ofKam-mersfenger- - ? ia T estowed. , ls.'L .tayo 1 ' m ; UUb-TenD- y, ; - It is said she promises to as great a singer as her father is a pianist. Mile. Thalberg is just sixteen, having bo expected. be-cor- ao OUR THIRD BIRTHDAY; As we enter ujon: our .third ye&T, there is ah agreeable charm to us, in reviewing the labors , Julia Sumner Hastings, the only surviyr of the past two years, in which we have realized Ing sister of the late Senator Sumner, has much satisfaction and, comparatively, little dis written from San Francisco to the MassachuSo lar. the been born in New York-in 1858. Woman's'Expoxext setts Legislative Committee, thanking them appointment. ot Salt Lake City has unquestionably reached for the tenderness and care with which they the object of its designers, even more fully than performed tho funeral services of her illus- their brightest hopes could at1 first' have led trious brother. " '! - ALiciMason Sumner, the divorced wife of tho late lamented Senator, has filed a petition in the Probate Court, asking that her name may be changed to that of Alice Mason, for the reason that"sho has been divorced fronl'her late husband, who has since deceased, and desires to resume her maiden name. (, Mrs. Ilicks of New York, the lady whom Gen. Schenck of Ohio proposes to take back to London as his bride, has quite a romantic " history. By birth she is a SouthAmerican Her parents, North Americans and Northerners, were living in Brazil when sho was born. Her name is Annetta; but her lineage Is English, not Spanish She married an elderly, very wealthy man, but lived In retirement until after his death. . A young gid named Kate Curry, residing - '" 1 TKrSlDENTSrND AGENTS. At a meeting of the ExpoXEtr Committee of Consultation, held at this office, May, 30th, t was considered that large towns, such as Ogden and Pro vpj should have one or more ,: agents, for eachjwarU pr precinct. Miss C. H. Home was directed, to write to the Presi- denU of- - th .Itelief Societies, in the above named cities, requesting them to appoint the" requisite agents, r It .was also decided that Presidents of Relief Societies, in places where here are no agents,8 should be requested through tbe5ExP05rENT:to appoint capable agents who wiU take an netife;(f nterest in proraot ng its eircuMionw vTbe list ' ofagents.formcrly nubr lished for this .citylhaving proved not fully gatltfactdry, it was" deemed advisable by the Committee tO'ptiblish the following revised list: , i 1st, Ward, 'Mrs. Margarette Steel, 2nd r ,tv; " Jane Rickard,r " SrdV Zurviah G. Eardley, " Miss Minnie Hague, 4th! 5th 6th Ward, Mrs. Ann Brimley, 7th Ward, Mrsi Eunice Foster, M if Lucy Steel, 8th " Sarah Grow, 9th " Charlotte Fawcett, 10th 11th ti Mary A. Freeze, " ' a' 11th Jane Freeze, tf Miss Mary A. Rock wood, 12th tt Mrs.' ElviraS. Barney. 13th-- f " Wllmirth FflKt 14th ' tt : L . 'v-;,..-v--:-"--- . weieIielWeri impress upSDTthem.so far as of dol ng bo the necessi ty of to eir being d i i t gent, en terprislng' land boi e all United in the ribble works which they will be called to per form, to assist in the regeneration of mankind. And for their 'Exokent, inasmuch as it has maWnearly as"- iiisiiijfriensas, acquaintances during its humble career so far as little caufe for jegrets hay6 occtiretn the events of its faTor-- : past life' and as?ifs present Jprbspects :are . tt .'.it'-aoje consiaermg r iac u niyersaj cry oi nara ujly prognosti times," we cheerfully, arid cate for it a lively and useful future; thanking 3od and our many f friends for past blessings and favors and trusting to the same powers for encouragement and aid in times to ceme. - : -- them to anticipates It has greatly assisted, by the influence which It has created and sus tained, meager though It may appear, in aroUs- " inc thousands of women, in the midst of the 'Us8 Sarah1 E. Russell, 15th Latter-da- y Saints, to a new sense of the. obli loth " Mrs. Abb D. McAllister, 16th ;. Mercy '.Thompson, : gations resting upon tbem as daughters, .sisters, : " " 17th J. Howe, wives and mothers; as social beings, as citizens, " ISth. P. Young. as. women, ilany who might never have be" Margaret ICth " Adelaide Ridges. lieved themselves capable of writing for the 19th " Miss Caroline Raleigh, 20th Mrs. Sarah Moor. press, or scarcely of forming in their own minds, ideas which could be of public interest; and Bfg Cottonwood, Mr?; H. "W; Brinton, who could find no time even for reading, are ( B.' li. Moses. becoming happily familiarized "with these profitable means of Intellectual culture. We have received numerous little "gems" for publica. A PETITION. r i tion, accompanied with the apology, "It is my first attempt." In reading such, a feeling of For the suppression or the Liquor Traffic. sympathetic pide that the effort has been made, The following petition-whic- h was presented and a realization of the diffidence with which ft to th Mayor and City Council, on the 19th ult, has been forwarded is always present with us, was read, and received by that body, and a mo--- ; - L-L- JL--. - -- - . 