W 6 MAWU us EXPONEN T. A treaty providing for the interchange sideraUou to which he refers. They are by rio of postal cards berween the United Stales means such foolish worshippers of money, as and Germany, recently went into effect...... he may be, very likely is, himself. Senator Logan refuse? to tell how old he is. Again we extract: v Whoso business is it bnt lus own ?...... A "But yourself and Mr. Blackwell object to the biirbecause it amcrids ill statute of Utah. ,cqjx? Chicargo female sexton is charged with referlng suffrage on women. Have eit her of you ever seen serving all the best "graves for the young that a that rivets the fetter3 of degradation men. .....It has been ascertained that the upon law? lavr the)oor, brutalized vietfrns of lust and fanaticism Rev. Mr- - Drake and wife, of Incl ianna both In Utah, and add3 the contempt of compelling them to died from the eneCtS OI poison, lnnaiiea draw tighter tho chains while they wear them. - Having SPLINTERS. ! It Is estimated that one quarter of the in- - habitants born upon' the earth, die during fir$tyear; antLone half, before reaching their fifth year...... Bass, the English brewer Is reported to have refused the peerage Frellug-huyse- n hr offered him.. . .. .Scotland Teceives$l,O0O,OO0 a from California for wheat bags...,. .Tiio "coining man" iu the musical circles of Europe is 3Iay Bruch...... The body of the infant violinist, James Speajght, who recently died at Boston, will be sent to Eng- ar through theoTOrtrnirofearmre w countries It consigns those who Indulge in it to per from a wall...... Late reports from Ohio civilized the cell of the felon, reduced the women of Utah to the say the woman's war on the liquor traffic is mostubjeet shame, they seek to divert the attention of unabated ...... Tho Brooklyn Woman's Tem- - the country froni their crimes by conferring, nominally, ouravoweti and.AiiW PMa.Pje,Soetyis trying to devlseTrrejins the right to vote on wooi?n7and-omeo- f sister-inHa. thirteen-yearold " wtth his .jv. to 'prevent the .saie'":6f liq ucVoh Safu rdayrfMicaTi iTO bo caught lit ihla fah3payetfiftf MgU'a-imwere worth . . ..t.Two editors in Aboufl ,000,1)00 ofegga TsTtthat theinomaly of reducing womWTolnere" ported into England within the last nine quarrelled, fired several shots on the street Why through thif system of polygamy has not invitlmmThsr.wt andTwererarres ted A fi re i n the Empire edthings' scrutiny Into tho paradoj: of inyestihg these ftlijngsL TtvatesTftQO acTesdrcottonndoOacjresjpT coal mine, at Wilksbarre, Pa. has been burn-- i with the clecti ve francbiso ?" When Napoleon was cho--. - sen First General he had tmr bal lots of the people, but corn....ThejTlevJcsso Lee, d id the first ng for more t ha n'six weeks. methodist preaching ever dene in Boston, on hw'Vote vote for General Bonaparte shall bo not cast his does Thomas 1790J. The late in the Common, areentitled to vote, but of Utah tvomen shot.r The (Stonewall) Jackson left one daughter, an in- THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. every ?.Iormou woman knows that to voto for her freeteresting young Jady who is "now in Chardom Is to bri n g down upou liez head swift and irrevoca.... .Jacksonville ;Tl6JtiF ble ruin. You might as well have advocated suflrago lotte, K (katschpoj , L. GEEESE EDITOE. boarding-houses.- .. a EICHARDS, of to become said is have Tor llie slaves of th South bore their mancipatton. city da, The ballot that does not anrt cannot express the senti...Boston expends $142,000 yearly ment of the voter is a burlesque on the right of suffrage, for church music.'.. ...Miss Harriet Agusta Published in Salt Lake City. Utah. Termor in that the suffrage makes women sanction their own copy one year, $2; onoeopy, six months, $1. Ten copies Smith of Wisconsin, has gained the title of Ono for of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight degradation and support a system which they at heart a heroic woman, by shooting a bear...... A linestheofpfico apace, ono time, $2; per mot th, $4. abhor. II Is a cruelty that has about it a coolness ana nonpareil Sc Battorson, Goneral East Campbell street, Agents, of woman Temple Univer&dist clergy Kittery, Mc, Salt Lako City. ingenuity that is purely sataAic. And your intelligent 7 ."'" her Manar.-- OIEcj hours advocates of woman's right to vote In order to givebusiMsF CornehaJEL Herns, Business rcccntly.i)ificiatMat Jheniarriage of her from and elevate her to the social and own son.... -- Portland, Maine, has four hun FrMas.tol2a, m., and trom 2 tx5 p. ravoa Mondays mi Independence, ness departments of life, are blinded by their seeming Address all btuinesa communications to drc4 manufacturing establishments.. ....Eastadherence Jo principle into an indorsement of that Publishers U'omas's Expoxest, ern Pennsylvania has about forty Welsh Conis doing more to keep the women of Utah Salt Lako City, Utah. which celethe hi the bondage of polygamy than all else. gregational churches... ...Spurgeon, tour 'Would not tle giving of the ballot to the Southern a is brated ImgHsh preacher, making 1. 1874. SALT LAKE CITY, March without emancipating him from the control rf slave Miss .Nelof the Continent for his health have been but a cruel mockery ? I!, wo ill master his lie Watson of Flint, Michigan, has gone to have addcil simply to the power of the oppressor. as Bienniel a WOMAN missionaryAsia, SUFFRAGE UTAH. IN Burmah, "Such is tho situation in Utah,4ind the residents of talked are g sessions of their legislatures being this Territory know this and hivd which enables the .. States.-.The Jbeannulled, of In or.ler that the following- act may he read .skciLthatlh&jstatute to elevation of woman's enemies keep her in hr pre Iowa Senate is considered a heavy body, the in connection with .some.portiori3 Of extracts to , ent degraded position. average weight of each member being over which we herd-givplace, we publish it, as "Let emancipation be accomplished first, and then the one hundred and seventy pounds, .....The taken from the published Laws ofUtah. Read ballot can be given where it can be used to express ftie Government, since its beginning, has given it carefully, friends, and before you have finish- wishes of the voter. away to soldiers 74,052,800 acres of land ed this article, you will, without doubt, refer to "Now as to the statute of Utah which we ask shall be amended: Every year, Aroostook, Maine, sells ten it once or twice again. "First, you are aware, probably, that a large majority thousand dollars' Worth of honey . . .In Connec' women in Utah are of foreign bit th, and whcn,a ''. of v AN ACT, ticut last year, there were 104 business cordjn; i Mormon statements, you are Informal that - ,! 1 I w. - '? l?,rancisco,Iately-: n-- -- senu-uiontal- y, . -- to-da-y woman-degradin- bS'-seve- ral of-theWes-tern - e , -- fail-.lirAjKoo- tfll liabllffica of wliiefTwere .$1 752,000.. ....A car load of silk Worms' eggs, passed through Chicago lately, on the way from Japan to France George F. Train days are over; writes, "my those who have never heard me, never will." The life of Theodore Parker, by Mr. Frothingham is promised shortly, to appear ......The wife of th6 Itaiian Minister at the Hague, Mine. Bertniatti, is called the most regal looking lady in Washington... It is Emerson who says, "We do not count en a ma'ns years until he lias nothing else to count" A bill ha.3 been passed by the United States Senate- - to take posession of the Louisville and Portland Canal aud pay all endebt-ednes- s on the same...... California claims a net gain in population of 33,190,, for eleven months of 1873. .....Nearly ten and a half miles of iron structure was built last year, by a single bridge company in Baltimore.... It is reported that tho Spanish authority propose to draft ail vagrants into the. army .... ..New Haven has a rich old who keeps her hens in the iarlor and feeds them on j elly cak e and wal n ti ts..,...Ts is report ed that in Sussex Coiinty, New Jersey, hydrophobia among the dogs arid horses, prevails to an alarming extent.. ....When 1,011 bills had been introduced in the IIou?e of Represent- ISO were private bilis . alivi .s. this bOcsion, ......Two hundred and sixty-eigthousand, five h u nd red an d t ween ty-- 1 h rco acres o f land havo been forfeited for of fc'outh Carolina during tho past year taxcin speech-makin- g . ht non-payme- nt COXFJEllltING LTON WOMEN- THE EI.KCTIVE Section 1. Be t enacted by the Governor and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah: That every woman of the agT of twenty-onyears Who has resided In this Territory six months next preceding any general or special election, born or naturalized in the Unite! Btat es'To'r whols the wlfo7ido w or, t hg daughter of a native-bor-n or naturalized cltUen United States j shall be entitled to vote atany election in this Tprritorj-- . 8 sc. r.- All laws or pnrt of lawrf eontl;etl5l? vith tliis act nre hereby repealed. e of-th- rp-uve- February 12lh, 1S70. o . Mrs. Bun i way has, in the "New North West" of Jan. SOth, an article containing a lengthy portion of a letter from Salt Lake, on the Frelinghuysen Bill. She says: thousand men, Who hava from one to wives each, you can judge of tho number of Wviii ji who are living in polygamy ten thousand Ls a low estimate. There are then three thousand male na tives, and ten thousand women who arc committed b; their votes to the system of polygamy saying nothing of the non:po!ygamou3 movement tho former being a "of the votes of the Territory. majority of two-thirI he law not only allows the wives, but the daughters of male citizens to vote, wit hout reference to age and 'with o tt naturalization, requiring no time of residence except on tho part of the husband, and thus we arc overborne by a. tide of Ignornnco and fanaticism in dc.lancc of all right or justice."You call Senator Frc linghuyscn's Bill a 'strpeut' ft you had felt the serpent's tooth that thi.s5ill proposes to extract you would not thus speak. I yield to no one in (ho sincerity of toy advocacy of the detrlne of Universal SufTra-ic- ; but lis applicaflon must,. like all other measures, be governed by circumstances of time and plac, -- ou een not to comprehend that you ennnot apply the sr.mc rule to a set of Ignorant crazy fanatics th-r- o tw tuf(f rh'rce :i y ds - "A legal gentleman of Salt Lake City, whose acquaintance and friendship we value h'ghly, has written m at length in favor of Senator Frelinghuy.scn's Utah bill. We are sorry he docs not give U3 liberty "to publish his argumen t In full over his own signature, as Its subject that youN could to and sane comniuuity. .matter la candidly discussed. But he tail to convinco with lunatlci you may when deal that you ; us that the Bill Is what it ought to b;" : have to put them into treatment; and to rules cannot be Territories cthor of the menof perfectly ariicablf the bill provision Sp9aking In must bo Her Ulah. firt adopted pcojde emancipated tioned her friend has written: frora religious fanaticism: must rralic something of "By thisprovislon the right of dower will b3 relumed th? cf citjrons b?f.Sre they can bo trust- to every lawful wife in Utah, tho repeal of which, by od witli those sacred prlvncjs wlilch even th? bet-In- lislal ion, thyvu uf .4auolicaupUlat ,,.-:oitcu Abucl- aivilel ha-bM- i';-ruc- Be-mem- a r.., - , t mn.. We should like this legal defender (?) of the Mr?. Dunaway thch commcnti thus: rights of woman, to tell us something more "If our friend 'doesn't ns to prln what he writes, abcut the complaint which has been made con- he mur.tn't write su 'awjvi! no vnd with this cerning 4his act of our Territorial legislature, apology for publishing so nuHi t?f hU letter 03 relates as this i3 the first we have heard of it. We to Senator Frelinghuysen's Bill, we now proceed to nr- wonder if. he, supposes the women of Utah LVce 1,10 maiu Mature of t.te BUI, walqh Is the dotermi- would relinquish the power of the ballot, wuh Wc hare no doubt but our friend truthfully portrays all its additional rights, for the mercenary con- - the y$tcm of comp-- ; Ulng Mormon wlvcs to vote ao--- I 'o'-tc.-- s. 4 