i WOMAN'S EXPONENT. r J, 9a. in'the'gospei, goad, and 'agrceablq .sh'o was nection; with, th&New vYork press probably married' tq she, was ! eighteen; dates: further back .thaii: that of any: other years of age.J Z lie was 'sonUi(e.'towaa her Womaa so epgaged at presents : She discov mpther; so she wa made happy '.through her ered, herr literary powers, very early in. life, obedience;; without being compelled to. pass and .readily learned to put them to;, profita through tho gcathing, fires like tho other ble use l at a time, too .when men, tho most ?r7 r..-,,, poor girt appreciative ,and .kindly, disposed, were in p'6 you notmy j;6ung"fnends; see plainly ciined to .ridicule the idea.-of-- ; woman's, fit-- ; that f 'obedience Is be tter than .sacrifice ?" nessfor any,, branch of Journalism. She The scriptures hayq declared it, and"; here wa3 first .engaged , on , the J'Times,", but on " you have, it, illustrated. I congratulate you the estahli$hmeut of'Demorest's Monthly'.! on'haylhg.such.a shield thrown around you: tho enterprising proprietors of that periodi bo thankful for Jwiso and 3udicious parents: cal offered her a larger salary, and enticed in yielding your wills. to. their direction you her away to the sanctum of fashion. There will please both jheni and. your Father in she ha3 remained oyer; since;, and from heaven. a Sometime in the future I .will ad- there have gono forth " the thousands of dress you on the. laws o health, if you jde manifold letters which have made her nom .this do'plume a household name throughout the sirejit, and jon ; social .habifs. :, "Keep Wismaxim always fresh iii'ybuf mind. land. ' This system of correspondence was dom excelleth folly, as far aslight pxcelleth originated by "Jennie June' 'and proved darkness' 'jr,: JrcUrH vSnlfj-- to ba one of the happy hits of her literary him-whe- , , r . - -- ; , -- -- -- : H. S. Siiepiieiid Secretary. : career., .beginning or course, on a small scale, slio gradually wron her way as an au ; Beaver, Nov.-- thy 1874. , ; : , thority on questions of dress, till before years nearly every prominent journal NEWY01K WOMEN JOURNALIST. many in tha country was glad to boast of "Jennie June'? as its fashion contributor; arid The following7 sketches of wohieh journal-ists'.o- f; that branch of her work alone "realizes to projector" a handsorao Jhcomei At one months ago in the.Cincinnati "Chronicle and its time5 3he prepared 'nd ;dispatched every Times." Since; then a number of women one of theso letters' herself, but Jong since writers havomado" themselves famous, as she ; task-'.todelegated : . as both that pro-"In metropolis, journalists competent cleric, contenting herself with' prietorsand editors, which are not included merely dictating tho' form, and afterward I in these sketches; ; the greenback return-?-' , minus " Tho number of women who figure on the appropriating : I ' a certain percentage. metropolitan press may no longer be countScarcely les3 known than Mrs. Croly, or ed. Among the dailv journals, at least, less. popular,. is Mary 'CIemmer : Ames, of "the their name is legion and not a few of the "Independent." - Mrs. Ames is some what most influential weeklies owe much of their more versatile in her talents, and has alter interest to the sprightly characteristics of nately:: filled almost- every department of the feminine nen.' In this department, if Besides being an able prose in no other, l woman i.stands the acknow journalism. writer, this lady 13. also ''a poetes3,: and of :: : masculine of her contempora equal ledged late years some of her finest literary efforts ries; and the Only question whidh affects have been in a poetic vein. While a mere her advancement in any branch of the pro- school girl, M. C.. A.? began to "use her "pen fession is her fithesV for the duties, of that as press correspondent, making the Spring? branch. Hence wo seo Middy Morgan, in field field of exploit. t her coarso: boots and 7 short skirts, plodding But at"publican" that time she wrote at rare intervals; as and through the mire of the city stock-yard- s solely for the "fun" of seeing her iiame stock editor of the '"Times," while the in av much later peprint. It wasnot until of" re a "Herald" widow i little charming riod .that' ho took up her pen' in : earnest, porter takes up her husband's pen just and.her regular 'connection with the New "" Where ho lays it down, andrcarrivsrout his York press began only iaC5 From that unfinished programme with as much exacti time probablydates lier- - introduction to the tude as if she had been all her'lifq accus literary.: worlds As a 'Washington correstomed to the work. Ono of the strongest pondent she. became suddenly very popular. and most indefatigable writers on the"Star" Heristyle.was tinctured with warmth dis is a Shepardess. It is said that the only crimination;: pleasantry and sound common quality in the columns of the sense. Peoplo learned to regard her as re"Sun'2.is.what flows., from .the modifying liable as well as entertaining, and "A Wot quills of two women., , man's Letter' from Washington", was never of Harper's "Bazar," needs without, its complement k)f admiring 'read;: no introduction. Not only as an. editor has ers For the past two years Irs.- Aines has her name become familiar to the literary been attached to the editorial corps world. Mary L. Booth first distinguished having,' in addition,'a cerherself as a. hL?torjah land V translator, and "Independent," tain amount of regular work on' the Brookfor many years confined, hersell.almost . ex "Union." Her- salary is noV upwards ' clusivelv to. those.; two; departments: but lyn - v. of $5,000 a year sinco '67, when she was i placed at the head ' The only woman employed on'the staff of has contributed greatly the: New of the "Bazar'-shYork "Herald" is ;Mrs::Butts, :a toward raro taste and discrimination her by ; - of the most .excel brilliant and painstaking jpunialisti t;: The one that journal making husband of this lady was formerly' connectlent of its class; Her yearly salary of four ed cwithl the same after ' his sheet, and; dollars attests thousand the hih 'estliiate shoimade application 1 for piece .work, of herserviccs.by Harper Brothers, though death, which was cheerfully furnished her. Her income oi it by no means imitshenuai - and ' unusual ; Inteldispatchthoroughness,; 1 this industrious woman. Her brain and lectuality: .weroUho2 of - constant subjects : pen 'are ever busy ;;.ani ni)twithstaodipg' her comment by :those whoso business 1 1 is ' to : regular newspaper duties .the .wort oi tho lookout for talentj and the result was in in-- : : translator and chronicler still goes on. v vitation to join the staff. :In revicwing.the - - Anotner name in the same -- : she says of herself: ; past, department is that of ''Jennie Junej" wife . ' thanks Heaven rto know that I ;hqW of D." : Q? Crolv. manasrinV1 editor of the work. LrShouId; anything happen to my il : "World," and theC controlling spirit in could'make ray living is a Demorest's "Monthly." : Mrs. Croly's con-- erary prospects, I dressmakex, milliner, seamstress, lioose- - it : 6 -- to-d- ay keeper, cook or laundress. Ihavo done my own housework, and gloried in It: have madamy husband's shirts, and washed and " ironed tnem; not only becauso I could really dp them better than a professional Jaun dress, but In order to eke but' a reporter's 'J ... , r; meagre sryl'.C rr i;Mrs. MryJE, Dodge is, one of ourjmostjj J ! -- . . successful literary .workers, and shows .what a woman .can do in . literature. .Sho is : the n Prof. Mapcs, daughter of tho the of inventor fertilizers, and own3 part of the hitter's farm, two miles from Newark, .; which Us under the. management of P; T. ;; . . well-know- Quinn, formerly agricultural editor of the Tribune'" and author of several books on farming. Mrs. Dodgo has a salary of $3,000 from ; fllearth and Home" for writing exclttri sively for that journal. She excels par ileu- Iarly as a writerof children's "stories, and combines acburacy of fact with beauty of style. : Her story of Hans . Brinkcr ; shows great'eare and study, and gives a vivid picture of Dutch life and ad ven ture.V; Mrs. Dodge, though". tho mother, of two. boys, whom .she support at ..college,- is young, handsome and lively as a girl of twenty, and Is 'excellent, company. ::;::.-.- ! -- ; '4hat:-unenviabl- V - . L -- -- ' - -- her-firs- -- -- -- - . re-deem- ing . . Miss-Booth- ,7 - ; . of-th- . : - - FOR WIVES. a e - " - : -- In domestic happiness tho wife's Influ-;- ,. ence is much better than the husband's; for the one, the first cause, mutual Joyo-jind confidence beingranted, the whole comfort of the household depend-- upon trifles moro. Immediately dependeht upon her' jurlsdicr j " ; By her management of small; sums . husband's her respectability 'and credit are created or destroyed. . No fortune can stand the lejikagoof extravagancies and mismani'; agement; and more' is spent in trifles than , Women would easily believe. The one grea I expense, whatever 1 1 - may be,- - Is turned over and carefully reflecte l ori.ere Incurred; the income Is prepared to meet it; but it Is sliding away which ' do mischief;, and this the wife alone lean stop; for it does not coino within aj.man!i;;? province! There Is often an .unsuspected trifle, to bo saved in every household. Jt lVf J not :in J economy alone, however,; that the'!:l wife's attention is so necessary, but in those niceties which make a well regulated hpuse. ' ; An unfurnished cruet stand, a missin key,; a buttonless shift, a soiled tablecloth, ".a mustard-po- t with its old contents shaken down hard and about it, are really nothing; but each can raise angry ;woxd3nd.cauge discomfort. Dcpendjupon it,; there is a good; r. deal of domestic happiness about a J well- -' or a tidy.breakfast-ta-- r dresssed mutton-cho- p ble. Men grow sated, of beauty, tired "of., music, and aro often wearied, of conycrsa-- , . tiori,;however intellectual; but theyr can al? : hearth and ways appreciate a . XN.;' ;. ; smiling comforts. Hon. ' - -- y pennies-imperceptibl- r ! ! .; , well-swe- pt " .t-- . e ; - -- ; 1 , well-Know- ir ; ; ; -- 5 : j Miss Martha Hempstead reccntlydied In yaterford Conn.j aged: nearly, ninety-one.- ;; Sho was a daughter, of Mary Billy of Groton, c whomcvexy schoolboy knows as the revolutionary .heroine who said to her huskmd on his way i to wan! John, do not get. shot inc the backl1!. Among tho antiquities belong Hempstead was tho oldest jvatchV ing in. New Londoa .County,. which'membcra of the Xegislaturo used to borrow; during the sessions in a time when watches wero much less coramoa thannow. V i ..:;. . - to-Mis- a - was burned to death at Taunton.1 Mass.,"- the other da v. Her dress caught fire fron tho kitchen stove. Ellet? J. Fitzgerald - 9 m 