' 7 OA """wOHAN'S ' .' ii. ' E X PON E N T. - . - - - ,i like a humid atmosphere, and pine in a,' ot, FLORAL HINTS. dry. one. ." ' j In her profession as a taxiaerniist ana collector 1n. history As one of the visitors last evening enthusiastically remarked, "Why she lit iIf,'1b! has everything in air, sea, eattn, or.unoer: me WALKS AND TALKS AM02KS earth imaginable." It is well called the Rocky Mountain Museum, as sne auti ner asswuini, nrlll 'EVI'OXEXT! Prof. Glass, have laid the whole Rocky Mouns, In our last "talk" we wero planting the tain region under representation of fauna, to the Pacific and minerals. Her visit seeds of flowers which are now. well up, no coast last season was. for the express; purpose of will as to hints management so few a doubt; collecting for this Museum, relics, curious specIn we hope acceptable. imens, and objects of Interest in natural hisquite proper and tory, and it is wonderful how much her tact the selection of flowers, for either house or and energy has accomplished. ; Every beast of most In the forest and plain, from the big buffalo1 and garden culture, preference should, huffe cinnamon, .to the field mouse and mole: . ....... i cases, be given to those yielding every bird of the air; rare fishes and shells from botble odor, providing tho oioom is the seas; barbarian armor and relics; and namethe mouth of a less thincs, arranged with infinite patience and inlefeaung - , ttlontliTstemhalf-an--iucli-in-the-wai- er; showyrte"PIant artZTJae s in the shade till the roots are two in- - culnHng I Amonff ' those very frag Wood's a Museum; of Chicago, was be good Hhowv. suited for either out or indoor cul- - ches long, then carefully pot. fore the great fire destroyed it, except, in Dig Stock is fore- Tie Dahlias to smooth stakes as soon as fossil specimens - It is saxsticly suggested ,irn th doiihlo i If . I can-oas to too tie continue iossiis irom and culture. tnat If planted 'uuuj, most, and of easy suppiieu, they get well, up, ineoig ; here."' lower and vou . off all six inches rrrnw. suckeis .fmnsnlant. - tn trimminir If apart. a w ' " desire to save seeds, leave tho single,bloom- - branches. ing near the double ones until, seed is ripe. J The Maderia vine is one of tho sweetest, A NEW ADDITION. These seeds will produce again,' bolh single most graceful and beautiful flowering plants and double. If you do not care for seeds, 0f all climbers. Our many friends, personal and otherwise, More anon. Flora. will destroy the single flowering wheu theydoubtless be gratified to learn of our conp. s. First apricots and apples we picked tinued bloom. Of this flower there are great varigood fortune;' and every true woman, y we counted eight eties: of color: Raspberries and gooseberries begin to ripen. You see, woman like, I had to especially hopeful young mothers, upon readshades of color in our bed of stocks. will be able to sympathize with us in ' The Verbena, with its thousand shades add a postscript, but I'll mind I donU next ing this, the pleasure and gratitude we feel in making F. is ' a very interesting plant lor time. and. colors, V r I i ...11 J. easuy y the followingannouncement. we write ...!l raiat-both garden ana poc cmiure, is upon on date of Saturday, June 27th at twenty-generally fragrant and will bloom all the six minutes past Ave a. m. a new addition EXPONENT. was made to the editorial family of the Woslips UUU Wwiuauifttiy juVebenas j man's Exponent in the form of a fine little through have a bed or border of GIIEEXE L. RICILAKPS, Editor. the summer and In autumn: select tho sorts daughter.. We also deem that we will be coni'OKNELIA II. IIOUXE, Business Manager. most desirable and pot for winter blooming. sidered excusable for presenting to our readers though r.it.1 the following line3, addressed to bur worthy Mignonette, (Reseda Odorata,) 1 -u in Salt Lake City,.Utah. husband, Mr. Levi Willard Richards, upon giVCSnooeauiy Ol oipoiH, yiums powenui Pnl)lished to one considered One is and year, $2.00; one cop' fix month indispensable copy Tprros: fragrance this occasion. . u. mu Adrprtip'ng iy. iht ivMiaiiPt. crows wen in pois or outaoors. rate: if" pi OUR OWN. Eajfh.feqaare.j1i ht linos of nonjarcil spare, i ne For winter use should pe sown m autumn. time, $2.00; A liberal thtcount to So.O'J. per mouth, i "PorfuTacc or msXfosetJvitlritsseTer rcunlaraJvertiPcrR. on West Tena First bouth Yours ami mine, dearestbow the Lord blesses Office, St.,ncar Exponent pic ina desirablo is al shades of color, Those who but trust to His care! plant, hours fiom 9 St.. oPDosit City Market place. Is the monarch or queen who posse; ses, for basket. the Where or doors or out, a.m. to 4 p rn. ui Mondays and Fridajs. hanging token more dainty and rare? A communicauons iu Start seeds in a pot, keep damp and shaded. Aaaress all DUPincss Woman's ruhlishers Our own little one, our b? autiful treaeui-e: Extonent, It may bo safely tjransplanted, and makes a Salt Lake Cty, Utah. So holy and sacred and pure! fresh, gayJappearance, Ah who! who would not for such influit pleasure Astors are in great variety of color, size The risks and the trials endure? be 1S74. and trans and shape: very showy, SALT LAKE CITY, July s may Lay her up close to me, sit here beside me, are for. with better planted successfully care;' not take herjaway! muchdearf pleajean6tl:hlde mer tho garden than for house culture as their too Tttl'.ug LADY. ENTERPRISING AN sweet impulse Stay not period of bloom is comparitively short. our blessed, our of Let's talk own, is a lovely annual, of Phlox, (Drumondii) our all the while, In And hearts pray A fine collection of curiosities, specimens of easy culture and great variety and profusion we may have wisdom to k ad her to heaven, That of bloom; should bo grown outdoors in beds minerals, animals, birds, shells, etc. have becji To keep her from sorrow and guile. or masses, plants a few inches apart, assisted made by Mrs. Maxwell, of Colorado Territory, To keep her! Ah yesi until time shall surround her by stlck3 to keep upright; blooms a long chiefly through her own exertions. This collecWith jewels through falthfuln ss wOu, tion under the warae of the Rocky Mountain Till angels of llght'sball with glory havf ' crewned her time, very showy and" fragrant. Nasturtian,. (Indian Cress) annual, plants Museum, is now thrown open to the public. Declaring her mission well done. to be placed ten inches apart; handsome foWhile recently taking a glance, at our Citj? I deem her not sweeter, or brighter, or fairer, other fond parents have known; , liage, flowers rich and various in color; the Museum, the gentlemanly manager, Prof. J. OrThan event of her coining is rarer that seed or fruit when green and tender makes L. Baifoot, in the course of the conversation Tis thethis, sue is OrR Owx! only the most delicate pickles; keep it up with spoke ot the enterprising spirit andability of !, sticks or brush. Mrs. Maxwell with whom he has had some is one or the Dew of richest Ice, plant, THE POL.VND BILL.- refering to her as a natfor hanging baskets, a rjipid grower annual. uralist aud one skilled in taxidermy, or the There aro many varieties. Some native art of the sklus of auimals, birds, The forty-thir- d Congress adjourned- - "sine sorts grow around Utah Lake. Some vari- etc. sopreserving as to give them the appearauce of life. die" on the 23rd of June. - One of its last acts eties havo a more icy look than others. Ho showed us some specimens of stuffed na- was to pass a bill Introduced by Mr. roland; of They all grow well as garden or pot plants. tive birds, prepared by this lady, which evinact entitled In "An relation to courts Vermont, Tho variety generally known as Dew plant, ced skill and lino artistic taste. Following wo and i'lcial officers in the Territory of Utah."..,, will grow a yard long if well cared for. ji China Pink3 and Iladwigil are perennials, give a paragraph taken from the Boulder This was one of the toa numerous proscriptlve blooming the first year; nice garden or house County Col.) News, of the oth ult., and de- - and unjust bills for tke regulation (?),of aflairs Plantq. constant bloomorg. in endless vnrletv scriptlve of 'the openiog of Mrs. Maxwell's in this Territory, which were intruded, on the l Museum. And "MV'cnmiph? trn lnrhA nnnrt. ont attention of our national la . o ; Tlnnt c body dur i on the blossom stems a3 soon as out or bloom. its late session. But we are happy to say that Tlie event f th week wa.4 the opening, ing it was so amended ' that many of its worst feaThey are of the very easiest culture and last eveniug, of the Hoeky MouiitainMueum, perfectly hardy. an occasion celebrated with lla9 and music as tures were left out by the lime it passed through Pansles must have a shaded, moist. situa- befitted an occurance so significant of benefit both houses. It has been freely commented.pnXNs tion to thrivo In summer. They are Indeed to this country. The Boulder Krass Bnd, ano J the local and by general press, and at present, me oiiih imiw wciu i it beautiful, propagated from end or division self with our limited caused quite a sensation, the collection of space, we do not feel likeay of the roots. They bloom In everv varlpfv more about a measure, the wisdom and Jusing of shade and make lovely pot plants. They full and fine. .Mrs. Maxwell IndefatleabK tice of which we are not able to discern. ' . Ueraniums, reiargomuius auu xuu.o are more expensive and less common plants. ten the last namedTl is more and especially .. li der and needs greater care lt is generally cheaper to obtain these from florists than to raise tbem unless it De irom cuttings. and The Oleander is a tender house-plaThe ihn Wnnm vorv showv and frairrant. red and white, most common, may be easily rooted from tender cuttings about six inches a long. Cut off the lower leaves,. and with : otw . . . fos-Eil- - nt b-- j . - Ten-wee- ; ' 1 1 ks - - ' .r . 4. e v- - - 1 M. x- r w - -- I M . to-da- to-d- . ay To-da- u -- y?" , - l-- l 5 1 -- spnii-nionlhl- v. mji-w- -- i- . Bnt-infi- 1 s : . , la'Do to-da- God-give- n, . 1 ; ! .-- i . V 