piiipt ipijjjPBJ.UlI.j,aJUiailllUI.IWl Wl i BEAUTIFUL IN OLD AGE. vujjw J-- mMyL9KVWtnf9!lfB93''fml,lm!,'l' - -- j-. : , - : - w an a nis ! icg?jo k e nt, conies: ito the sameonclusions decent appareling of your body, j pjpvt should make subject, and as Dr. Letheby. Ho takes the ground that e;u it a point to looK.as.weii as. yuu-umthe human, body requires for, its nourishknow nobddy will sec you uut.yourscu. ment and support a supply- of certainmin-eral- . not are iXeasures. families Atall , : Household salts,' among wbih.catbphafe Jfli 'scales and "weishts. 2 referring to jn- the gredients in building, up the r compactness of the- - bones useiui. rje information may following and in other, functions. We usuallyrobtain Wheat flour, one pound is one quart. of lime in our animal and lyege-tabl- e, one quart; phosphate Ttimh'tn'fll nnn Dound two ounces food, but not froni the" ,water,we drink, ounce one pne is when , pound; ;bn" soft, Butter, taroonate of lime,' lidwveri is ,.' '.How to be beautiful when old? '; I can tell you maiden falr- - ', - iy , ,, i - - . .i' ' 1 .. eraluso-bycvery-housewi- : ' ' locks are fair as golden, , ; , as lovely as the brown, . . , Gray And the mile of vgo more pleasant' ... ' ' Than a youthful boaufy'B frown. Tis the sail that shapes the feature?, Fires the eye, attunes the voice; fwoct6!xteen; bo these your maxims, , quail. Tnf kii im'r . in adequate quantity in pur solid food, but in spring arid wel wter. generally obtains i Itlias been Incbntestibly 'shown; thht in mountainous districts1, where the ate'r; is " One pound two ounces is one more or less hard, the irihabitants7 dxliibit .' On ; the the best physical development tea eggaarg-ftn- e v- Rest brown sujrar. quart. v".v Kggsraveraget sizec Sixteen largo eint are a em, joue iiau , v . f.. ,. pounj. iiMnfiAilAp a buviu SO. : jJusf n liltlo babylyiner in my anas Would that I could keep you, with your baby charms: , jieliifcss, clinging fingers, .downy, golden hair, n ( otherwhere from Where the sunshine lingers, caught ,Uluo eyes asking questions, Hps that cannot speak, fi -' y shoulders, dimple In your check;s. little bosom hi a world of wo;- othcrand-iHl)elieVe44hatin4argeIcltlei- - IIYGIENIG NOTES. ? -- : Thus I fain would' keep you, for X lore you ;.tT" , , so. . Mental Wolik,t-Calrii- 3 . Lcuisjb C. Moruros. ; r' and steady men tal work I,$4condiiciYS.;tOpgiliferbttt:cer vous emotion mental worfc.tat is a constant urging, and; at. the same time, is an unhanging of, f Heeyen fenoorthejmind eats away the brain faster thaV an mental 4 Koly-pel- HOUSEHOLD HINTS. labor no matter rhow5 rldt atic.' J Ashmen :donot! reany"dlespflieart diseaseiasj often as supposed,'but ofajpo-plexy, JJrcad Pancakes. Nice breakfast pancakes can bo made of bread cramb soaked in milk over night, with eggs and, j Utth sodst. i , ik ! ! -- - si L. thdWortality is inversely as thehardness of water isuDDlied to the inhabitants. A water Which con taihsabouti sixgralns of icarbon-at- e of lime to the gallon is suitable fdr use in all household purposes. As a drink and for cooking fodd,such a water bflers the necthe support of essary carbonate of lime for ' 1 ife i n the simplest, most natural and m ost easily digested form, and is at the same time more agreeable fresh and sparkling .: Selected., - U 1 S i ACDOteibl! iSIDICOLN. - In a certain case in court lifr.Xincoin had or congestioripf tM'lungsthey not die of brain work Jmt brain worry. for his legal opporierit, do cellent character,' thorough knowledge of Lcmoti'Cate;--!- 1 cup of butter three- - pf 'whife 6cttZdiedfUf;Soutbeyii Swift, Horace logic combined to exert a r: ,dreeley.Vi)bi;prpt f law, and superior sugar Stirred "to ii cream; add the "yolks'1 'of'controlling influence over Iho Juryl This ? eggs; 1 teaspoon soda; 1 cup sweet milk; thegra-:- MoTirERs.-Thd three lawyer (whom :w4: call Judged Jones)"; had Hints for Youjjq ted'rind and juice of ond lemon; 4 cups'of flbur; arid J babies are for iplentyl;bf feleejV made speechy and a toost'able argument it requisites, the whites of the egg3 beaten !to a troth.- - ' of flanneli of The sayf was. It was ne?essaryV n i some wa to J is-food; plenty plenty To Give a Fine Polish to Linen.- - Use lukewarm: ing that man is. a bundle of habits is i as : pate its impression; jMr. Lincoln; In re i .i:(not cold) water to break down the starch, fYbfn true of babies as jt is of grown children; If ply, opened his speech substantially as fol- an infant Js; accustomed t from rj Itn birth J to . t it has been reduced to ho required consistency; ' Mav Mt blease the court and - crentlemen boiling water, add a pinch of .fine salt and stir, sev-- i sleep from six oxlock at .night iin til day-cral times wiUi a wax candle. This will make( .t$e ligm, uio luuju oi eany sieep win De iormea of the jury, we have just beard jfie learned ana tne mi rt ner maynava andr masterly - argumnthon the other side.-i ircn run smoothly, and give a ilish 3 t f ho baby sleeps1 all night, a to herself'-IV ' that nothing else can impart. ft know how thoroughly versed In the law long morning imp will naturally come about '' Hop Beer; Hcaltliy, caiily raaclc and; will keep dinner-time- , afler Which the1 child; except wWsay. ieally Judge Jones cannot bd mista mi or cighrnionths; tlircc inpnths after it is made when very young, should be kept awake un ken in his positions. We also know,' how ' it is almost equal to ale. This receipt ig for fifteen til six o'clock.; Perseverance in this routine true ai gentleman Judge Jones is howJrre- v gallonsf Twelve ounces Hop?, six quarts molasses, will soori result in securing iuiet evebirlgs proachable are his manners and dress; and - ten pggsf put the hops in. a bag and boil them'fil- 1 presume if l should say: to you that Judge tcen mmiitesiiithreir pailfulls of f wateifpiir in; ihel forjtot ers have a long season eryoTnorningi ind Jones had put on his shirt wrong side lore- ujykwaca wimu uui, uuu jxjur luimeaiaiciy mio a every 1,1 i ii night in getting:;4ho baby asleep mpsii ,:inis: you. womu;rujwyrju111is Jnorijing, jocK .tnera anusing jt tnein till Mor- impossible and yet: Judge Jones has pu t y tight-anput in1 the rema ind cr of; the .water cold; 'iney enfolds them. With most children on his shirt wrong side foremost this morn let tho'mixt'ire" fefand liutil cool, and their add :the pheus is this entirely uhnecessaryv, fXn jnfant can ing: you can look for yourselves, gentlemen; 'cjrgjr, TTcIl beaten. Iliis beer will not ferinept;Jn be accusfomed, by a lew day' training, to so in this case, he has got things wrong end cold weather iinlcas put in quite a warm place.1 '7 ' ' 1 J 1 ?to go 'sleep5 itself for a morning. nap" as well ioremosi,' anu is waoie nis wjt argument iig ' ' ' Plain Talk to 'Girls. Your every-daa from beginning to end." toilet is as for the longer rest iit night- - Ex. nr r Vx part of your t character. 1 A girl who looks like ?; Is HarD'Wer WuoLisoME.There IS ) Surely eniowgh the irreproachable lawyer, t 5MfuryV or a! sloven in, the morning,; is riotf to :bc a popular prelupice that Jiard water t is dani while pondering 'over his coming speech, trusted, however, finclshe may look in, 'the evk gefous to the'hcaUh, and on that account you had dressed himself in the mistaken mansubsidning. No matter how' humble your room may be are constantly tyarned by pbysiclahs to be- ner indicated. After the laugh hadMr. there are eight things it should contain, viz: Lin- ware' of l!but one ot the lead- ed, consequent upon the detection; lngland A mirror, soap, towel, comb, hair ing auiHoritieson tfif.sj subject, Dr.Xieth ebyj coin analyzed the argumcL t of t ho : Judgej nail and tooth brushes. '.7 .. hi A after 'dev6tIng'maDy?'years to an investiga- and won his case." r; JrhcKerareo just as essential as your breakfast tion into Hid p&perlies of the water in . Lcferq which, you sliotild "make good use of; them. into Etiglish titles, vand to a study of : Miss Chandler decided, seme years since, :! . rarcnts:ho fail to provide, their children with such the sahiafy reporU on the Subject, comes to found a charity for the paralyzed.' There II r appliances not only mate a' great mistakej but caw? to' the 'c6hblaSiui hard wa thing iriL6ndon. Shebc-garmita sial of. omission. , Look tidyia:t3ia morning terms' safcr and more healthful than 6cft! wa- was"thenbjuehcare of a poor paralyzed car and after ths dinner, work is over iroproya ottr toi-- I ters ' Hard Iwaterl is not only clearer, colder penter. as last as she could, sue assumed tlet,3 r.'. ;,, moredrcd ciTi) frbniairrand :consequently more charge of more paralytics, one by one. She yooh Make it a rule bf your. da2y life 'td'.'Mrcsa tip'i. agreeable-to- ; the : I toV the taste - than has now opened a hospital for paralysis and for the afternoon. Your dress may not;, br- eed jsoa :Water, but s, leeyo.and to absorb in likely organic epilepsy Queers square, London. It is muot bc, anything better than calico, but with a" rib-- substances, to sustain the lifo of zymotic or- not excelled by any of the same sort in the xm or .Cower, or some bit 'of drnameritydu can to or exert solvent ganisms, properties upon world.! - She has' also established a convales have an air of and satisfactioa' that 7 salts of iron upon leaden conducting cent hospital which i3 doing great good. varully comes with being well and ccaUy drrsseS. pipes. The lime salts exert a beneficial in- Shd has. moreover, secured the endowment A girl with Cne scrisflbiKlicsl cannot help fccliiig fluence theanimal economy andLieyen of fdrty-eigupon permanent annuities rfor.in- embarrassed and awkward in dirty dress protect the system from dangerous outward curable '.paralytics :"and ' ; Sh e; i s epileptics. i with her hair . . , unkempt; if ;a ncighbbr comes ia.l j influences. Dr. -- Wilson of Edinburgh,; has ........ io oi amouni r money large : nowsoiieunga should: demand tR nlso. collected much valuable ma terfal ;'Iorc6vcr; your onibo beappiicd the same way. :l:t, , t l it.?.': f. 'tin. l ; ' i 4 - broken! one oound is one fiuarti YhiW sugar pondered, onecurid one ounce is ' - JF I COULD KEEP HER fe, ? now-whi- te When you'ro sixty ycu'Jl rejoice. , jandphpi-phateioflimo'rplay- -v , Ifot by lotions, dyes and pigments j Not by washes fer your hair, I While you're jouuir be pure and gentle, r ; Kf cjp ybur passions well controlled, Walk, and work, and do jour duty, '' You'U be handsome when you're old. i t -. ''.'jl&erhosex' i f I - 1 si : j f a . i We ! ; . : -- V ! y i i J" -- I HronJethicne 1- -1 -- d 4 i J. 1 m- - ' : 1 t-- 1 ". - y ? I a -- i 1 t i 1 , . - ' wash-stan- d, : tro-duce- d" p, f that-moderate- n' ly by-takin- -- -- . - -i ! self-respe- ct jr ip-- t'. -- bt m ., 4 self-respe- ct I. . . ' ' " . ' - . LIT. , i 