WOM AN'S E XPOE NT. 184 FLORAL HIKTS. . LADjEg;who, cultivate flowers in the house benefit tq. the plants by moss over.the earth in flowerpots. spreading This keeps the water from evapomtin, and the temperature more uniform. arc often used for the same purpose. Where sets in a saucer, with a hole in a flower-po- t the bottom of the pot put a little sand in the saucer, and cover it with moss, and you have a simple and admirable arrangement A- ULDY contributor pyrites the "Country '...Mi r- a:.:J3entlenlan,? as follows willflqd great Tea-groun- ds - bulbs and slips are ; planted between the pots, and vines are started at the corners. When the latter ara well under way, wires on which the vines twist, are fastenetldiago- nally from corner to corner, forming a. beau tiful green arch oyer what seems to be a bed taken bodily from the garden Sometimes a tiny hanging basket, or an ivy growing in water, is hung from where the wires cross but evetf without it, there ris in no appearance of bareness.: A carpenter will make the box for two dollars and a half, and the painting and all can readily be done : .: at home. DOCTOR CROCKWELL. Has Iiad nearl 43 jears experience la the treatment of female diseases, xnaklnff their complaints a speciality. He ffuaranteei safe, easy and ipeedy relief in perilous cae, without the unpleasant and danarerous use of Instruments, ' but with simple herbs. Hli remedies fill the nuptial couch with bliss, surrounds the heart with Joyous ones and prevent their untimely if: ":r r. , . He ifei to hHnunieroua, patrons Jfor thejast 10 years . ad-ve- ut. - the-arc- h, in Utah. ? 1 -- ES. take eoareelieavjMvirW : then interlace with old and?-handle- I a red f by burning or heating to heat; then 1 - take, younjgHPortulaca wire" made pliable fIantsithaurnpf-eart- t ,'v.S.4'W' Residence near the street car track, 9th Ward, Fourth ' ?f 'v.;-- ' East tv Salt take City. u' . 1 ' J bloctoi jr : cases requre. Office! East side otSecond . ' JLD. siii EicrrRicimysieiANss administered when Electricity No one can fully appreciate the true value ... ilt J one. ora icai menu, uam ien wunout . K.? PAINTER, south-oTheatre,- tiast Street. one and a hal Fft and put them through the interitices, and Many, a man thinks It's virtue thatkeeps so fill the basket. The plants take kindly him from stealing,; when ita only a full f to their unnatural position, and soon Income stomach. Qno. should be careful, and not jARY H, BARKER M. D., a mass ox beau tiful green and. brilliant mistake potatoes for principles. Ofl3 cPPPwterOii rCo nstltutionr r Build in g9 1 M ain- era. Hy baskets hold nearly a half peck of i 7Katb Field, Writing from Spain; thinks m. ;tt to rrn 3 earth ana look like a hanging garden. In that Kattire would do a thriving business if Street. Office hpurslQ "in, Sp. each I place an empty potash box, inserted wouui oiuy ucouoiuize on iieas, anu in ae cavity in the earth, which I fill with the extra' energy- on the men t S. CARPENTER, and: !; water daily; in them' place fresh flowers countr'. as ihy fancy dictates They hang in iny Physician and Surgeon, ,TiiATas a yery bDserving 'widowwHo t piazza, which is festooned and twined with said: "The state of widowhood is! inconve- OI3ce at the Townsend House. Room .No. the American J.vy and Morning Gioriesj and nient, for one must assume all the modesty no lQvJJerJspot can AyellJe imagined." of a young girl without, being able to feign ' :: TnE cuitivatioii1 of rnts in a sleeping her ighorance.,r : D I N WO 0 DEY II. roomer the apartment in which the family a Society for the obser In f lives most of the time, is said to bo lin-- t vance Switzerland, of the Sabbath as a day of rest, has Has removed his Furniture from Main St. to his three ... healthy.- At least, ariy room in which sev--i offered a prize of $200 for the best essay on storey Brick Store on ;r: eral plants, are grown requires to be airy and the subject of resting upon the Sabbath, conCOKKER, lighk i Scribner,s; Monthly has the; fol- - sidered in a hygienic point' of view. The FIRST SOUTH ST., J j BLOCK WEST OF abou a : t Plajnt Stands The lack,pf points required to be especially discussed lowing a desirabje place to. keep plants often pre- are: 1. The favorable effects of rest on Where he is prepared to do a vents the pleasure pt raising them. e. They Sunday on people of various ages, and their M must have light air and sunshine andlt js influence on WHOLESALE AS WELL AS A RETAIL BUSDfESS. theamilyaudi V not always convenient' to devote the brlght-"- l Diseases Which may be engendered and inest window to their! oupancy.; It ket on creased by continuous .work'iri persons who the ledges r they" re? in danger of being by ' the jaiiture of theiF cllng are deprived chilled on a frosty night j and it is a tax to of this weekly recreation, WALLACU2 as, for .instance, be compelled to move the heavy pots every railroad employes, H. journalists, telegraph op f time--; the thermometer . drops. A flower erators, bakers, etc. lias tke best, largest and purest stock of conlec-- .. results , 3. practical a stand of some sort that can be readily moved drawn Trom the observation of cited facts. ionary in Salt , Lake city. Just the place for ladies lfrom windowlvvin therefore, a l people. i g- - to purchase. .. ' i necessity The wwd'enbnes Hon or the Scisspiis-m- e I are clums?Vlieavy,fand take up too, much norant of what good editing is, imagine the room The jnodernifirire frames ure pretty getting up of selected matter; the easiest J and light, but one of moderate size costs ten thing in iho world to do, whereas it is some . ; NEW CLUB RATES. of the. nicest workthat is done on the paper. I or twelve dollars, wibich Js ,a great deal , to If they. flnd the editor with the scissors In Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the therstarid W'lien we wish ttfput in 4he putln ff fiowewi;; hand, they are sure? to say, "Eh, that is the part of the Publishers; to increase the circulation of V1';- : We'saw1 tsomething the. pother day that way you get up original matter. Is W ac- - the ExpoxsT.nd aid in prpmotiii.tke object con- ! seemed toserve both economy and( Conve-- f companying their new.; and: witty questions emplated in its publication, by. waking it trujy an-- , nlenbeA bpxthree feet long, and , a foot with ian idiotic; wink or smile i Thoifacts exponent of the - views pf h women of Utah, 'luf'rl the interest, the. morality,! the va tained by them,- read: by, ihemv and, its 'column . and"hal wjde' across th bdtfdm and are, that ana usefulness of a jxaper, depend,; in enncneu wiiu a wiutujr tirvuiavupicaoiwu yi. weif ?. eighteen: inches1 deep,1 is: made 3of common riety no; small degree,, upon its selected matter. thoghts,.we offerthe foUowing terms 4to cjuDs, to as sides flare pUtr, solthat at the tpp, the measure from1 sx to el&ht Inches more and few men aro fully capable of. the position to prepare for increasing the value and importance of, from edgo to edge'than at the bottom. This who would not themselves be able torite the paper yithi the, enning of thVnt volume, 'ui to subscriptipn lut will enable v box; stands on four legs, with casters,uand many of the articles they select f A - sensi .whic ms a'Urger ' i i.i rsi.c.-- H..t:!tc tin bio editor desires , considerable selected mat with a 10 the to r uoucr lue douoii oi uic ,uox a piece pi wooa geUer copy copies, year, '' 1 " 918 00 'A A'A nr 'n in cri ri1 ' nt n'n' ter,, because he knows that one mind cannot jup of the dlub ft nvff futl 15 copies copy. to. Ittci getter valance) holds the legs firmly and symmet-- i make year.itha aiaper asTfivep'r '28 00 V" 'H: newspaperdieportert-1;up of tneclatr''' rically together,, i The; top .of ; the box . is SQ copiw, 1 year, witl'a copy to the Jgetter,, 1 nearly, even with; the window, sU, and whqn a "The Revjp.'Kewman,'in; 'thefcb - thejwhole. Js constructed, it may ; either bo of his four of up'orthe club and a framed steel engrat- inspection among the consur ing; 12116 inches, of President: Brigbam 24 00 painted ihlors. pr stained dark brown, to lates of the world; took a walk one day in 'Young; selling iprjc ?2460j t match the furaiturewpodf: Thq inside , of Ye ddo Japan, and passing a criminal court; SO copi v. 1 jearwitb; a eppy to the" getter ; up ol the club, and a superior first proof, the.box. is..Rejtrr-rescredifrgdecay if during the progress of a irial, attempted to steel en graying of President Brigham , line,d.,with ;zincprv tin; , but will, last one enter. In this he was repulsed, so he wrote . tandsomlTr framed."-sellins- f '. possibly two; seasons without ,any;lining at 3 99.l v r price. $4 h upon,' his, card, Rev. Dr. J. P. Newman ! all. t Oyer the .bottom .is spread a threeipph Chaplain of United States Clubs can be commenced ,at any time; "and addi-lSenate, and Spe j layer pfibits. oCibrQKenjflo.weri pots, and on after the first lut of .names hai ciaiPiiend of President Grant,' and' sent it Hons can ;be. xaade: ' , thls.is ?et a dQuble;rQwj?f .pots, or as many to the authoriUes'iriside. The card was 'ta- been tent.can rbe remitted at the Utter ! as will stand eyerdy pa the s.urfiipe.a Theii bj registered ken: id .with i great ceremony, and "soon an rlikUeney '" of the publishers : I 'iv.J l-I thick, layer pf $and; .Isi; thr9'r ;oy er Jhp brp- -i answer came back, expressing the aconirin We bope ladies throug bout the Territory, especial- 1 ken;picccs, and the .restrpfthpacoi'filled grief of ithe court that thero was; no one up with earth till It is even with:tho.tQp. of present of tufficiently high rank to receive will endeaTortoget up clubs, and that they .will con- -, statute .themselves agents' for."the extension" of; the the flower pots. In the bed thus formed, the visit of such an august American. ' circulation ef the ExrojrxxT; ; , ' i , . De-st- ow - '. - -- - v: j- of-tha- . ffi'ii.iife:'1 - : ; . ! CO-O- P. ; ' " old-fashion- ed -- V',!! pinei-n,Th- k e f ? ; cToi-- ' . ( Vi in' . sixi-Amer-i- can as-goo- " ( - ; :..- - , .5 m J. . - You-jar- . , - ; . V - ; " r ; - 