WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 190 . boil the soap with the potash until it is thick enough hies; send, boquets to your friends who have to mold in cakes; also add alcohol, half an ounce; no ' flowers, or exchange5 favors with those who have. All roses, after they have ceased color with half: an ounce of pulverized charcoal. BI7TTER THAN GOLD. . SELECTED.' v is - -- be cut should' back, that the .Remedy for Earache.There is scarcely any blooming,, root of the may go to forming new ache to which children are subj cct so bad to bear strength roots for next year, and on : theso bushes not and so difficult to cure as the5 earache; but there is a seed should be allowed to mature.Ex. a remedy never known to fail. Take a bit of cotton batting, put upon it a pinch of black pepper, Rules judging gather it up and tie it; dip it in sweet oil and in tion. Miller, Abercrorabie, Maddock, and sort in the ear. Put a' flannel bandage over the others have written on the properties rehead to keep it warm. It will give immediate re quisite to characterize a; first-rat- e Carnation; "Bettcf iiinisrraiideurf bettor thin gold, tTbarjratiTc tecliltks a thousand fold, Is a hea1 ' L I odyy a mind at aso, ' pleasures that always please; ,lxeartttia can feel for k neighbor's woo And share his joy 'With a' genial glow, ; Wftb sympathies largo enough to enfold All men iiiirothors, la better than gold. J Bettor than gold h a conscience clear. Though, tolling for bread In a humble sphere, Doublyblest with content and health, Untried by the lusts of cares and wealth; Lowly firing and lofty thought Adorn and ennoblo a poor man's cot, " For mind and morals In 1. Nature's plan Are the genuine test of a gentleman. Better than gold Is the sweet repo;e Of the kons of toll when their labors close; . Better than gold is the poor man's sleep: . And the balm thatdro.s on his slumbers deep, Brlni sleeping draughts to the downy bed. Where luxury pillows his aching head; flla simple opiate labor deems------ : A shorter road to the land of dreams. Better than gold is a thin' ing mind, That io the realms of books can find A treasure surpassing Australian pre, And live with tho great add good of yore, ; The sago's lore and tho poet's lay, The glories of empire's passed, away , "The World's great drama will thus enfold And yield a'pleasure better than gold. Better than gold is a peaceful home. Where-al- l tho fireside charities come, " .The shrine of love, the haven of life, Ilallowed by mother, or sister, or wife, However Jbumblo .the home, may bp, p T Or tried with sorro by hoaven's decree, The blessings that never were bought or sold Arid centre there, are better than gold. : "j jAnd elmpkj :A lief " but it is to Mr.' Glenriy, as ;"a standard auThe feet being covered from the view, are less thority, that we are indebted for concentrat important to beauty than to comfort. A neat foot ing and improving the rules of his prede- is nevertheless, a greatltfdifioirpe "Exchange." Thwervation daily purposes of life, that every care should be taken of them. Corns are formed by the hardening of the cuticle under pressure of the shoe. Loos2 shoes, by moving and, rubbing upon a particular point, are as apt to "produce corns as tight shoes. There arc various remedies: A little sweet oil rubbed upon the scat of the corn has been found to check its development. The oil should be applied after the corn has been pared. Oat chaff Beds A most soft, comfortable and wholesome filling for beds or for matrass's can be procured in most country places by getting a far mer to allow oat chaff to be saved. It is soft, light arid elastic, and very sweet The cost is very little, only the labor paid to the farmer for the men saving and sifting it. As oat chaff is rarely used for cattle food, it is easily obtained. It is so very than is neceslight that a slighter kind of bed-ticsary for other kinds of filling is quite sufficient for oat chaff. Another advantage is that it can be changed every year with so little cost that it is .'Oi t ' within the reach of any one. For chidren's beds it HOUSEHOLD HINTS. is perfectly satisfactory. It is only, necessary to keep a sack or two stuffed full of oat chaff in a dry Kccpha birthdays, They belong exclusivly to place, and then new and fresh filling is at hand to and' arc .treasured among the sweetest memories c.f imice a sweet bed, whatever accident may have be- home. Do not let anything prevent some token, fahoa the cot mattress. be it ever so slight, io show that it is remembered, irthdays ire great events to'children. For one aKey; feel tfeyare heroes. The special pud FLORAL HINTS. 'dingsldrid made expressly for them; a new jacket, trousers with pockets, or the first pair of boots is Dahlias, as soon as they commence their donnedjiiuidfUg brothers and.sisterasinkJntoin- lied jignifiodnca beside'- f littleOHrley?' who i f"si W jrQw.thustTb'o " Sow seeds of Sweet-peCypress; vine. 4$r"j and is twoii "going to bp a man.' ' Fathers who havohalf a dozen litde ones to care for are apt Morning Glory, etc., where a screen is necc!- - J ed and for covering trellises. to forget birthdays they come too often. , times .they are too busy, and sometimes they are Edgings around walks and beds should be knew how if much they only ;thyed;7rut kept neatly' cut, and no grasd or weeds alJ$ich spuVcuirs are.chefished by their children years lowed to grow on the paths. away front the Hearthstone tHey Set out Gladiolus, Tiger flower, and Lily have hone to remind thein that they have' added one more year to the perhaps weary round "of life bulbs in rich soil Tuberoses do best if plantin pots and started in the house before or 'to wish them, in the good, phrase', ed ( . - -- - 1 the bestCarna for k' - . josta, - a, -- : ; trifling alterations, we extractttioltawiifgT ' . ,, properties of tho Carnation;. 1. The flower should not fee less than two and a half inches 'across. "11" 2. The guard than njcies six in number,; must be broad, tjiick, and smooth on. the oil tsid e, free from notch or serrature on the edge, and lapping over" each other sufficiently to form a circular rose-lik- o flower:, tho more perfectly round -the outline the better. 3. Each layer of petals should be smaller than tho layer immediately under itj there should not be less than five or six layers of petals placed regularly; and the flower should rise in the centre so as to form a . i 6r,lprlkls, : semi-globul- shape. ar The petals should be stiff, free from notches, and slightly cupped. 5. The ground should be pure white, without specks. : i.:. G. The stripes of color should be clear and distinct, not Tunning into one another, nof confused ; but dense, smooth at the "edges," and 7. The colors, whatever they may b e, must be bright aiid;;clearf i colors, the darkest one cannot be too dark, or form too strong a contrast with the lighter. With scarlet, the perfection would be a black; with pink there cannot be too deep a crimson; with lilac or light purple, thq second color cannot be too dark a purple. 8. If the colors run , into the white and tinge it, or"th"e whitoiSTiot purcp thfault U vpry great, and pouncy , spots or, specks 4. , , well-define- d. - . arj highly objectionable. The pod of the bloom should be long and large, to enable the flower to bloom without bursting it; but this is rare. They generally require to be tied down about half:pOTaj4s;en', way, and the upper part of the calyx opened down to tho tie; yet there are some kinds which scarcely require any assistance, and " this is a very estimable quality. r f'inany happy ' returns' of their birthday,' ' ihey setting out. 10. Decided superiority of perfume should would never ' peruiit any cause to step in between Evepgeeexs succeed best when planted obtain the prize, when competing flowers them and a parent's privilege.- - E..N. Y. some time during this month, May. Great are in other respects of equal merit. En".How to Restore old Writing. Writing which caro must be taken not to allow the roots to glish Paper. has become illegible by age, may be restored by dry by exposure to the winds. ' moistening it with an iufusion of galls. Sow annuals as soon asthe ground becomes DuTCH Cleanliness. rlf cleanliness can Perrennials should be sown in sepa,1 A Good Bread Pudding.Take five slices of warm. dry bread or their equivalent in broken pieces rate beds from the annuals. Sow the seeds ever be carried to excess it 1 in, Holland. of those now coming into flower, as soon as The very servants have such caps and'.ker-chief- s pour oyer Lncra tnrce quarts oi sweet miik, let them . and aprons and lace, and so beautiaktfien add four or five eggs, beaten well with they are ripe. one large'cup of sugar, one teaspoonfuJ of salt, and -- r Lawns should bo cut often in order to fully got up, I can compare it to nothing spice or nutmeg to suit the taste. Do not crumb keep the surface neat and smooth. If the but a laundress on a pleasure party taking a 'the bread,-buthe slices in several pieces grass is not too thick, allow it to remain on days' wear of her mistress' best things. Just brake " lettfotictf float in the milk. Bake in amodcr-fifefho- the ground;, it will serve as a fertilizer, and Of course, they have a wash every; weekbesides-th- e grand one, oil! Saturday nicely brown- - also prevent the sun from drying out the day, when 6d-- r ItK a rich; custard beneath the bread. To be foots. they really wash everything in :the Shrubs flower better if properly place, except the water. As ap .instance of "eaten Warm, with no dressing except butter. Very pruned. their at almost, pvery house Remove the Flowers. Lovers of flow- Uiere particularity, a sort of double looking-glas- s . outis ,Here Js an .excellent recipe for making genuine ers should know that ono blossom allowed side, the window, as if for seeing. iipVand crasiye soap that will remove grease and stains from to mature or "go to seed," injures the plant ! down tho street; buf Frank says; it k ' that ' s. . clothing: .Two pounds of good castile soap; half a more than a dozen Cut your the Dutch ladies may watch, before being at . carbonate of potash, dissolved in half a flowers, all of them.before they'fade. Adorn home to afriendKwhelher pound of he has dirty boots' pint of hot water. Cut the soap Jn thin lices, your room with them, put them on vour ta- - or shoes. "Hood" 9. , old-fashion- ed : : " : - . , . t . . v Y new'-bud- -- I " TtHMmiaiMi ',--- . m - ', - . 