W O HAN S E X POTENT 7 . and accompany us to the grand party of thowinter? Qp jmy. way Deab Exponent: A lady writer thus couimunicaies to the home, I met Dick's sister about my age.. "What shall you wear to the party?" was f. I have long thought of writing a few of 'San ta Barbara Index". 1 had just made ray thoughts for your consideration, but My husband is a specimen of the Ameri herafirst question.silkNow, a Christmas present never found courage to beginj until can nobility, brimful of patriotism and up handsome ; have to wear it. "now, and I do not know how I will succeed, Webstorian sentiment; and, of course, a from Dick and' had intended I even after waiting so . long. I take much great believer in, and admirer of, the Amen Even the full ruffle of real Valenciennes gloves, and lace; and the new three-butto- n pleasure in reading the Exponent; and can Press. feel impressed to bear testimony through it The other evening he was reading aloud the stylish French gaiters were ail ready. it occurred to mo that all these were to the truth of this great work in which we the news of the week. Among the rest But are engaged. For I know it is true. I was was an eloquent article upon the extrava- foreicrn frippery such as was ruining our much pleased with an article by Blanche gance of American women. country: and I cast about for some other ar of Dick's Beechwoodientltled "Our Daughters," print The writer of the aforesaid article de- rangements, to the erreat disgust out Of all ' ed in your columns some weeks ago. Many clares that the; main cause of our present sister who asserted that she "was of us do not realize the responsibilities that hard times is the excessive- - importation of natieneo with m A WOMAN'S DEFENSE. .WOMAN'S VOICE. us to-morro- w, "7 ' . . arajcetinupon not allow ourselves sometimes, to Do we make remarks in the presence of our daughters, that are likely to prejudice their minds against that one great and glorious principle, Plurality? A principle which we know is calculated to exalt us to a greater glory than we would otherwise attain. My dear sisters, let jis strive to look on the bright side, and not let our minds become clouded ; seek to cultivate a spirit of meekness and cheerfulness in submitting to all that is good. And if our husbands do not always do just as we think they should do, let us remember they are mortal like ourselves, and liable to err, therefore, instead of finding fault with them, let us look about us, and see if we are hot to blame; have we not done or said something that deserves the treatment we receive? If we find we are not to blame, then in all sincerity we can pray for them; and the Lord will hear our supplications if, we go to Him with the right feeling. I know these principles to be correct by experience; I do not guess at what I write. I have lived in plurality thirteen years, and my faith in that principle isstronger, much stronger than it was Would I bo released in the beginning. from it if I could? Not for worlds! My prayer is continually that I. may hold out faithful to the end, and gain a salvation with my husband and the rest of his family. . I ' : : i: A Friend to the Exponent. Smithfield, April -:11th, 1574. Mrs. L. Greene RtarARDs:- Teeling a deep interest in your ,weTfhre and the prosperity of the Exponent, and desiring that my name should be numbered with those of my sisters, I venture to address you. I have been thinking of the goodness of God and the blessings extended to His Saints; and wondering how any one could consider that we are not a highly favored people. At present, we have the word of the Lord given to us .through His servants, as fast, and faster sometimes than we can learn to live by it. And we anticipate schooling ourselves, until we can live ' in such a way as to receive the words of life from our Father's own lips. "Will it not be sweet to hear Our Heavenly Father talk to us, and to see the approving smiles of our blessed Savior, while we pour forth thanks and gratitude for the. saving power which has redeemed us from death and sin, and brought us back Jn to their presence? To receive from lips that cannot be mistaken, the Gospel of Jesus Christ! "Are not these hopes, these blessings worth living 7 for? Should not our sacred faith cause our hearts to be glad and our souls to rejoice? I think so. AndT think that those who have such great sympathy for the women of Utah and so much to say about them, had better control their feelings and save their breath. They will have quite enough to do to prepare themselves for the great day of the 31. G. II. Lord, which is near at hand. lociiLlhem; fbreigngoodsy-toth- emanufaetures;-Th- S own adornment toitheidesire-oflplea- searnestexpressionsiof her the writer, and the evident discouragement inr her husband? Din ner-- t ime cam eTand wi th i tcame Dick. of mygood husbanaat this sliokirigV stat& :w of affairs, really alarmed me. Now, in the seven years of our wedded life, it has been my first care to be truly a helpmeet for him. said: So,in the loving spirit of "My dear Dick, if it please you, wo won't use anything imported for a year, and see how we get on." With a grateful look, and the smile which I like so well, he exclaimed: i usfrllke my; own Iittlwfe! if every woman in the land were so loyal to its interests, the country would indeed bo safe." ; Now, I pride myself on being practical, so I proposed beginning in the morning. "Let me see. So coffeerno tea, no chocolate! How is that Dick?" V " We'll except the coffee,, wife; you know it fslhe main part of my breakfast." Morning came. WThen I set the table for , bebreakfast, I put on the brown table-linen is of Irish manucause my white facture. Of course, there were no napkins; but, then, it is well to be self denying in " small things. I had the very spirit of July Fourth, and fluid in so drank none of the amber-colorewhich Dick delighted, and my glass of wa-te- r made, him look rather uncomfortable, but he said nothing. True to tho instincts of our "business man," he took out his watch. "Dick," said I, softly, "English : : chronometer." "Bless you! so i t is. Please except that.", Up to the store he went, and with his pleasant "Good morning," he jidded, as usual, self-sacrifice- ,! table-cover- rTZ d : "Any commissions?" "No, dear, I am coming up by and by.'' After making the house tidy, and seeing sundry dinner duties done, I went up town to my husband's store. Now, in our small town, every merchant has general merchandise, from millinery to molasses. And our family supplies are usually from tho store-AI entered, Dick wras showing stockings and gloves to some ladies "These are genuine Alexandre's, imported from, Paris, the latest style!; And these, ladies, are the very best English hosiery." ... So he went on. And he sold the articles too; for they were really worth the price asked for them. Then I produced my memoranda: "Pins, thread, currants, raisins, citron, and cinnamon." "Have you American pins?" "O yes," said Dick; "but they are quite inferior to the English article." "Now, Dick, you know I'm to be a loyal American woman; so give mo those of our home manufacturejand the American Coat es thread if you pieaseJ,L "How about the American pudding matec rials?"; queried Dick, with a face. "Please except them, wife; you know tho pudding is the crowning article at dinner." Of course! excepted them; for wife not Dick's mother coming over to dine With s -- , , ...... ... serio-comi- His face was allaglow ithdeligh trover the acquisition of a splendid looking horse, whiclrhe called me out to .see and admire. A real English thorough bred,brought over . by one of my friends." "What you Dicky buying an imported " ' , horse!"'" The question was ou t be fore I realized how bad it would, sound. Just like fault finding, for all tho world ! Poor Dick! his enthusiasm was gone. Dinner was a very silent meal in comparison with our usually cheerful time and I wasn't sorry to see him go. I put on my best new Merrimac print, and fastened my plain linen color, after many blunt points of my new pins had tried mv patience. There was a pile of work ready for the sewing mach i ne. I adj usted my new thread and began its cheerful click. .What was the matter? My thread broke, knotted, unwound in several different places at ouce. Resolutely keeping my temper, in earnest devotion to home manu factures, Xtrieagainjmdiagain give up at last, ratner tnan ruin my gar ments before they vero made. The morrow was fuller. of trials and mortifications. My best table-lineand my : best China were from Dresden. My dinner was a success, and was praised by Dick's mother; but tho ast remnant of my loyalty went utterly.. to he winds when Dick whispered, ''Mother hopes your.newa.ress la.sO'tisu.aina ... T' your Elizabethan ruff is au fiit." r ts-- - ; His very words imported! And now, Mr. Editor, while my : husband is smoking his choice Havana cigar, 1 en treat you to save and protect us from the un sparing critics of the day. Nq doubt there are a few hundred butterflies among us, who are only brown-coate- d wrens, easily satis- Ted at a . moderate cost, and doing the ser vice of our own households! Can you not defend lis from such dreadful charges? j ' ' ; ; n, . . v was asked by a lady if he would not venturo on an orange. "Mad am," he replied, "I should be happy to do so, but I am afraid I should tumble off." Leigh Hunt "Anna, dear, if I should attempt to spelL Cupid, why could I not get beyond the first syllable?" Anna gave it up, whereupon Willianraid, "Because I came to c, u, of course, and I cannot go any further." Might and Main. Lord Charles Som . erset was telling a long story about his walk ing in the woods at Cape Town, Africa one day, when he came suddenly upon a huge shaercry lion. "Thinking to frighten him," said the noble lord, "I ran at him with all my might" "Whereupon," said another, interrupting,- "he ran away with all Jin mane." "Just so." said his lordship. - I 