iff WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... , TO ANY , 4- ENCOURAGING TO WOMEN. - v GIRL WHO MAY CLAIM IT. It is not many: decades since Charles Lamb, ' , I AN OPEN LETTER. : 75 uregory, ana a claim that morality should mean tho same thing in both sexes. Half of her demand has been conceded, and the rest, if still denied, is not denounced. The question of and of equal education obtains moro prosperous answers day by day. The question of wider employ-ment- s is almost lost in concession. Tho question wages "though", flir enough from fair solution, Tsde bated by a whole community instead of ., by a handful of needy ' that frentle and charitable soul, said: "A fo- They tell mo you are what tho world calls male poet, or femaln nnthor of nnv kind. a flirt, and you have openly boasted of the ranks below an actress I think." Mrs. Som- conquests you have .made through the power erviile, Harriet Martineau, Mrs. Mill, Fran- 01 coquetry, rause, 1 beg 01 you; it is not ces Power Cobb. Margaret Fuller, Mrs. yet too late; you cannot know whither, this Howescores of women of our timo are the tendency is leading you, or you would never sufficient refutation' of the unworthy sneer. have entered tho path. " There are many When the brilliant Fox stopped Dr. Aiken reasons why you should muse. The fact in the street tn nrnisn his volume of essa vs. women. . that you are so debasing your ;womanhood and. approving one after another, was told; -- The question of suffrage alone seems not proves conclusively that you never could "That one my sister wrote," the wit and to command the public thought,- and seems! . have known the power of a passion that has gallant shifted the subject, not being pre- - only. The Churches pay a modern respect Tt pared to concede-t- o a woman any powers of to-- the canaci t v. -- i n telli ceneo- - and4usiness 1 jnany times made demons of an gelsr St.;; - co-educat- ion ; - -- j .. Jojhejji f ifnlliO fVlof f 11 OVA irw"vf rlTTrwll lM'nA3lnrlirvri T?1iit- wStk Tiie -- GrarrEersTodcminlarsr-TiTiTl f- TMiJifnlinil-frtcnnn- " - ot her to reason and shame. Shall I tell you why bendingheTtyel poweTfutotietiesrecognizo nhocligibinty ot woma n "Ch. union.1 ryojizarezonzih are uoes not your own neart teii you mat some Grave theologians and eminent casuists time, as there enters into the heart of every set at naught by the audacious wit of Gail THE SEX. man and woman, sooner or later, a love Hamilton. And of a stronger than death and true as truth, so it woman's genius, touching tho hideous o Lady Burdett Goutts-i- s lead Ing. tho must come to you, and in your soul of souls wrong of slavery, which was above lawf-re-to animals in England. against cruelty you must feel that only the man worthy the vealed it to its swift destruction. of the laws admiration and love of any woman is one It is not two generations since The Supremo Judicial Court of New ' oore mosi une- - Hampshire has a new clerk, a lady. that would not for an instant trifle with the every state in tne union affections of another? Do you think, that qually and unjustly upon married women in A young lady in Vermont is six feet te true . man whom you could honor as a the matter of property, of wages., of divorce, and she isnTt Muck. npT husband would care to take to his embrace a of the custody oTlhelr children orof the seveninches,lifgh. euner. wife whose lips had been sullied by careless claim to their services. In at least nineteen Miss Emma S. Eastman, of Worcester, and promiscuous contact with any one who of these States the influence of the agita modi has was the first, lady graduate of Cornell UuK had chanced to be the favorite of the hour? tion about the "woman question" or to absolute statutes fled : vri,:. :,v. .,:.7: the You may plead, in extenuation of your approximate versity. f fault, that you were engaged to those whose justice. Moreover, wives themselves have --The first lady ever appointed a collector to tne...bar, out of caresses -vou permitted,' but in the several I.not only obtained admission. ...... internal revenue is Mrs. S. X. Parker, of instances referred to discovered before it have even delivered irom tne Dencn expo- - the fourth Indiana district r :r j was too late that you had mistaken a pass- - sitions of that science in whose own words of the woman Madam Camilla Urso's first exclamation, ing fancy for a lifelong affection. It is no "the very being and existence - when she was maroverture the (of is excuse at all. Indeed, it proves vou weaker suspended during burned in Boston, the other and or to no incorporated day, was, "Oh; shall I never play again?" entirely .merged than before. You have promise riage), right ... " ot nusoana." the that whom youlm . . W f Mils. Sibley, of Chelsea, Mass., has intook her reputation Ulackwell Elizabeth death. can until love These not sure are you vented a rotary loom, doing three times the 4 hncfn , nrwi m her hand. wnen.I twentv vears airo.' buu mott.i.a nf v iuwn UXXJ UJu IV UC iiitV4j uauvL.u i nary loom i n work of a n ord d t ho y ' when you so far forget your womanly dig- - went to Europe to walk the hospitals. ) space. I as to snap at any chance bait that may ionable women feared to lose caste if they It is said that Mrs. General Sherman is he nftered. to find out later that vou are mis- - employed her on her return, and the college But at her. of nhvsicians looked askance very much opposed to 'round dances and from comes home l aris will not permit her daughters to participate is hotiH iPfT enreTe.ssl v nhoKt amon? vour mas-- 1 Dr. Mary Putman '' culine acquaintances, and the better kind of with a European reputation for scholarship in them. ana capacuy, aim uuua cuimuuiuc, iixAiuiia' : Miss men begin to shun you. Jewell, cldist daughter of our minrit iind tionv competence, ""TThlreiranal ister at St. Petersburgh is siiid to have-beoseit-reuu corps awumug between prudishnes3 and womanly the prettiest skater in the rink at u recent Mott Lucretia not is since years It find twenty that will alwavs nd vou snepfany skating festival over there. . . . to federal in refused was preach thorpermission or or in low. mnn. hih thought pure Miss Annio C. Ilowells, sister of the edi-ittho defer- - Street Church, Boston. We do not remem nof will forget AhnA mrrM, y of the "Atlantic Monthly," and fore enco due to a true woman; You ought to ber how many women preachers. those hay who merly 1 i ierary edi tor of the Ch icago "In t er- But counting la rn eonren-ations4T,nf r.,rnjo-!ftis engaged as literary editor of tho evidence of manly regard, and the proffered speak from that broad Church pulpit, the Ocean," StT Lduis Globe.,l iz , .., i so Lyceum platform, tt. Florence Nichtingalo wished to ..T-..-I wua- - 7 When rjnKi Mns. 13etsey Dodge, of ircCouriellsville7 iii'i'i I mil, iiiiiiit; il. vj iah " ln ao inyi. Sanitarium Female the of take jshe O., has added to previous and liberal. donadoes come in charge selfthen, that when the time of instruction. no find nmr jn tions to Buchtel College, a recent poiild opportunity ha nnthof ... ii v rui v iu uii tty uiuii iiiuv iiv v" vim unicn ff gift of $1, i UlUru iiiuuci is h,1Vfi 10A n nil Pl5n .will ta uaiuiMg thn vn 000 for the benefit of tho Woma n' Professvoir Ltngiana. r vm. . . . 10 uiuic r ...1. l ; , " uut nurses is T,rt i,5cfr wmuii nm in lor sphon " ijiverpooi, Kr ' no reiucutnt-- iu xy. u4i T." orship; ..... V. .r 01 .... 4K nrfidecessor lhft Af while v,.ofKothers; uf. uusuuu-- u kuj nicwcmu .. 01 your past me, Tue - wifo of Mr; Jolin L Shorey," pubxneir but in t hv mntfnes not open though incepuou, give promise lisher of the '"Nursery," has served on the 4r. rlrl. nnri .: Whfin tnn timQ QOGS W K'can uouu ' .:.u i mr,ntu.T nnri - Whfin a senooi 01 uesiiru lor women was School Committee to--of Lynn for three years. -- influen tiaL Sh e -- has- proved- - be prupuauu otner each tho in future, .ju happiness give member of the. board. Her services have vnnr ponfidenCd regarding the past: let there ed to the authorities praying that women been saticfactory to all. f . '; at the expense be no sealed pages, no lorgotten uetaus, might not be. taught, occupations which would take r A female graduate of tho medical de vhosfhostlv presence will haunt you ever Government, the mouths of the men al partment ofjtho Iowa University has taken the bread out of . after, and, if discovered, cast a shadow beSchools of design tho first ready engaged-thereinprizo for tho best performed dissectween you and him who has trusted you. women to sufficient ' employment many tion in surgical anatomy, fn a class consisting give :,;J.:--.LEX. : .1 . g men -- amlcno pther ICC, uermany, of ngiuuu i.auu;ic ; " ; young woman. The latesf precious saying is by a little Eighty" yearsago Mary womtonccrait Miss Lucia W. Pcabody has applied to the girl on the Pacific Coast. She had torn one published her "Vindication of the liights-o- f as Massachusetts Supreme Court for a writ of nf hor nnflflfn 1hf nnirlrnnd foinjr to her Woman." It waa a book laid under pan mandamus against the Boston School Board mother, while tho pain filled her eyes with irreligious and immoral. Yeta it consists to show cause lor tne whyshe'should not occupy the ton. R.iidv hnldinrr ,,, iho. wounded fincren simply of a forcibleof and logictu-pie.wurnen, air exposure of .seat in the Board t6 v hich she lias been to higher education "Mamma, I dess I shall have to go up ' tho false sentimentality t of Kosseau ana elected. Hcavnn and dot anozznr nut on." "T-il- tho-Ithuriers-s- . pear - cru-sad- . , am m . A. -- : - m ... . 1 vourself-in-marriaire-lQarn- aiil r mJ niin n-m- one-thir- asn-nit- r ; : 4hc-profession- al -- -- n . - or to-da- -- . r - afetoo-oftcn-Bprings-from-a-mo- : thlisttaH. tive i I . . ; 111 T - I 1- o -- 1 "V .,41 .';;V-v-''';::- : - a-A'e- , . ' ... ". r- - 1 1 :.twenty,-tWQ::youn- to-da- y. - : I1 ' " . . ; 