0 mmmmmmmmimmm.'mmmjai As WO MAN'S .E X PONE N T. GO bration in honor of the completion of the SPLINTEIIS,. Xiet -- us, as sisters, put from us all nationality r and; mar. the , and Jove discpn- v.. The. of womeif 'to the" Christ ii that ihe principles of the .Gospel of ;Jcsu3 Jbrngs vcemetrv errave Mount in Auburn T"!:ior! F.mnrtrmm 7 rnrcllin fhfa nifi? rind Sumner's to 423, When we: observe them ai we should." di cF there has itlriotonerandrft ladyvisiting slum- - . William Jennings has purchased their, stock marked Yn found rt r ft with Uivrrtfv' IiaitA it only difficulty, .......urs. Ami iMiza Young-nabeen lestur- lately, fas- a. .to whichTwas. with . Jng in this stake.at4he,head, ibr tha iaiiti which? was given to the Saints V city about Religion and; tlie RevisitinL'1-carbeariner , thOr wrords r a. n .j2. ligtjus system of jho'MOrinoos...... Military tened . , . Sumner'sfirAVfi'' . A. ....f?everalJiinc'lish,farm 7 r T'''i. :i auu tnac we ruuiauoiis.iaioiy jDuuOf.uc ?vamp ougias hiborers 'UU7 oiiscernmeni acis, ior..inespurii out of hrown left mplgj:, tnat an be sitall officer iiwxa of the jliavo, I provide know gooa from evl,;:let ua wreste with at the an "officer and of the post, day provost J K will there guard; be; frequent patrols made, made by Mn Joseph Arch wuth he Cana- strength Vto overcome the evils arouud us and and any enlisted man found without a pass dian Government takincr with" them ,.,7T.-'t1 pur children., , ,!.,..! ri)ne,wItlijtpas3jyho jnany way miscon wives and children ......Th is year vacation Our fathers, husbands, and brothers, who ducts himself will be arrested The Salt 'ihonthrAuffustrh2:fi've-Sandaysii&ihecearathfqeyli-jhfrhelpWAagivf- t them Lake Th eat re Is. illv umiria ted" by .n.v"r rand cheerithemnwart .iui w bupy;themriip Yeddo now publishes a -Japeheso" "Punch" .u ' ' r I. sieaauon:iiosKinSj uoivme and larrell-,- , i - .1. 11. J . A new pleasure boat, made to sail on Salt ..,.The feminine studentsr at iVVooster Col- - - ?jPyw , Lake and called the Sea Gull; has been bunt lege, Ohio, are equal the masculines their igloriousi falling, thelpFthemjt)nrtie aidjo In both mathemaficsand languages. ivOne worlfi and .build up the kingdom ofour cGodZ oyiETiiomasiwJiUtakiJT:of.CentervilIo nF tHii rn I Yes. a thousand times Ye! then let lis awav ......The street railway in this city is to be Sir with all fplly ind foolish pride and sayr !Ve uAieiiueu eastward-irotne yaJIey liouse 'officer; who ;once corner toj Lindsay's Uardens,....:Thc people ui wuuu v uiiuy iook ior anotner, hard win One hundred dollars each, has been given we follow after i ts pleasures Th ter and there cold weather has alrondv onrri by Senator Edmunds and Walter Green, to cnmcs.before us, 'What shall we do with our menced....Drunken$oldiershave of IntA hen the art Gallery of the Univewity of ,Ver- - children?" Help them to Understand the faith more than usually numerous and Insolent mont at Burlington . . ....The street car coni- - that we have embraced, educate them thor- aoout town.. ... .The post toffico at Spring-dal- rv.... . buuvivu - i uuguij iu k.no w mo rjucjne m ine cveriasi- Kano County, Utah, has' been discon- - London and Paris plan, and refuse transporto a greater number nnueu......juage JMcliean has ruled in fa- tation 0f God to them'arightytbat vor of the eiry, that liquor stores shall not than can be seated.;. ;;. A: young lady of Sa- - tne gpiru n iu r o.' lorvt wm hoo ma Aiacctnhiioarta r4 in oeopen alter nine oclock p. m. ui Marcus 1AJa" truth land virtue. :Teach them to vuuouo, pray for and u. wara, of New Jersey, and chine and payed her own expences for two sustain the Priesthood of the true and living wife,' lately -- visited this eitv.. .v.. Fruit nnrl God. Lead them to emulate all good wrks. ZTJZ of the ;Normal melons in great abundance ha vfihpfth School. graduating I V Show them hv our own apis andi- nnr fnftH Kf inland abouthe:? city this y ear.. Axon- we practise what we preach, or in other words, smerauie .quantity of the wheat crop in that we have proved for ourselves and can help THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. them to obtain .knowledge and strength; for .rt f. I ERSOAIj. tnemseives, wnicn win not prove delusive. , C1REEXE Ii Editor. RICIIAKPS, Jaira. Elbabeih Akers Allen FlnrniTfi neither will it be fleetimr or transient, but will COllSEMAnilV KORXE, Baklnss 3Innnffer. be sure beyond anything that the world f Satan PercyMsntheeditoriaiistanofthePort' land Advertiser. ... .. Victor Emanuel is hunt or his emissaries can give them- .- Help -- them in I Vallevs.-lNfmthe .Tnn. f O he 'firm: to hft niinftf.nal nf avcirv, fhintr o.l In Salt T.uVa CUv lTtnh n ing Pnbiishod Alpine i t"L-:v;- w.,U6 0UU. jt schek? the celebrated tragediene is playing uu maueruow smaiirtO 51.00.; Tea cccs for the nriceof ulaLAdnttMn cvvijr.u3t, in Now York, and Mr. (ifinumn rates; Each eqaare, ten linos of nonpareil jpacc, one I Jet no one outvie or outstrip them, in humility who lately finished an engagement in- this time, $2.00; per month, ?3 00. A liberal discount to eourtesv and kindness: to treat t Ha nrA I . ii . " ... , advertisers. i i ' city is to bo ner leading supprot for the next rcamlar our tne oi oretnren numoiesi Exuoncntomce. on "WestTemnie SL.npnr First Snnth and sisters with 6eusou.v,.,visaaora rratt of; Massachusetts' 3L.oiDOBitc Citv Market place. UneinreR honra fmm !i i mcnoot nn mff iias gainexjiamutaneei.tQUhe. BerlinJloyal .. . .1 Will IlftVA llftUIfi SfinS flTlfl . n?linyhfr (Kaf uo mnth jj hwiu- or xvuweii, .....iia JStowart, ers wlircheiisht fathers iil love rahji8hcr8 Woman'8 Extoxent. Iou-a-, will ha been appointed Salt LakpCitj, Utah. at postmistress his down as blessings upon, he did upon pour that piace......Gov. Tabbot's chances for re unen Iiall our light tne bamuei. miant, ceiving mo itepublican nomination for GovSALT LAKE SEPT. 1SU. CITY, 15, sMne forth to' the world in effulgent ravs it ernor of Masiachusetts aro becominir more will be as a beacon set ,upen a ; h ill, that wi U fovorabIe.,....Mrs. P. P. Victor is ' a complete account of thn infn publishing EXH0RTAT1VR Jl leau uie weuiy anu wona-wor- n; traveller, tq a in thecauso of temperance and reform,-- in haven of rest: it wilt lm likn h'niM!n! a... a pmiphiet entitled 'AV'nmh wo. ; mi auywi you iagK, 1 wisuom, let inrn asK o: nouse upon & rocK. tiiat. no wind or wavo ran or ;" Whisky, Crusading in Portland.. .Sum God, that gi veth to al men liberally," a nd up-- 1 wash away, or persecu tio n overcome. ner s ueain cost Maichusetts $40 000.... . braideth not: and it shall beciven him' h' useach learn this Ipsinn : not of Scritture aDnlicable to ua stretch forth in one faithful' unit! .ffrti.v luiipuu, who lately won fame at the all.Is this passage royal academy imow paintings especially at the present time? Ms there an v hearts beat as one: and lpt uT nTik V;iU" ' rat charge Waterloo of Trench against Eng- f?ister in our community who does not feel that to sustain the Kingdom of God and its nrin'rU lish infantry.. Jamescavalry W Marshall ho is ve ueeu an me wisuom, Knowledge, and un- - pies, wnue niesnaiiiastj and our children will said to liave first discovered '. gold in Califor- deretanding, that God, in His mercy and lov- - honor and sustain us for so doing. is in nia,receipt of an allowance of one uig Aiuuiiesa cau uvbiow upon us, to neip us l eomeoi my sisters-majBay their, povertv hundred dollars per month from that State uui wiiauw auu ugnt iue oaiue against prevents mem, or lliey have so imuch trouble wrii ......Mrs.; Stonewall Jackson lives in Char- S!Q and Satan that is daily and hourly raging they have no heart to stir themselves jit Paul lotte, Ijorth airolina, is about thirty years against us, so that we D may gain the victory and says that God dealeth.with us as with' children old and said to be very beautiful......James ourselves of Saints . in . prove God, Very deed? and if we are trif houf mt,Mft Clark of London is do wc as dacg"tcrs of Zioui need to do then are we ba&tards translating hat Shakespeare 7 and not the children of Into the Spanbh Langauge......The I i. v,n to order fArMfw"Ar.aiiEmpress .. in Etrenctheh and us ior our profit.that we of Austria is called the handsomest princess" n . -- riV : "v . . . nwuicujj I viyvj, . nftsil-- r (l.t ure maue thn (Mine luui and one of the handsomest vvorheh of Euupon us on may onng lortli fruits of righteousness.1'1 ' v-. ... .' rope. rooi oui oi our neart r every evil and overcome ' . GEXnn.VL. 13 . " io Drove a barripr mrT ttt,tt. ti.jr . The Indians are to utAUW' bo troubleus between and the Soirit of reported v some on the Union Pacific Kailroad line, the children of one family, belonciuff ' to "one vI'iLLi-'lUncnl.if1 Th near North Platte, Nebraska..;......Soda household of taith,:membersf one ;church' Springs, in Idaho, is fast becominga favorite namely, the Church of Jesus eubieeta P.l.Utinn Watering Place or Summer Kesort...... Sil- of one Kinff.who- i9 the ICIn Christ, ture uestinyr 7:Y-- : n nf u ver City, Idaho, lately held a b Ana; Pires;. their rise grand cele- - Lord of fl,uus' lu:uoms 41v4 anu FviC, vt ian aissolution, in pro nor-LOCAL. ian-Minist- rvV 0- ! e' Vl s s tr .... -- . wouajuo . Ttt r . ; ? i-- r ' ? d, - 1 -- ' aeI'ofirr-- : . - - . .. - ; .- 1 -- A "".r:-r.j;'r.Tz!lJl!L- J! m jex-Bngll- out-rank- sfi ed . ' v..... e, of-passen- - ex-uoven- m0vta y' 1 ,; ride 'ruL : - , or ihrnX - . r-- " spml-mnnlhl- v 1 .-.- v.vV rhn - ; t - " ta .fluuiwjiiOTsiRess-commtmicaiiafls- nd-Go- d ; . 1 ; . It if : , , : - ".ovuv -- ' , . 1 ii An . r . - .. . . ' nl -- - nAA -- T.. - , i 1- J8' 