FFor tho Expokkst. en's sake let your husband's faults be sacred from the eyes of his children! I am fully aware that in sneakinc thus plainly, I subject myself to criticism, but I can bear that better, than to see this evil spreading so far in Zion. Many women do not consider the influence their words, their actions, their looks e ven have upon their daughters. I assure you this is not imagination, and in reading this, some mother may perchance, bethink herself and restrain her inclination to ask fr 'sympathy; she does not need it, unless fro-- her husband, and if he does not give, it voluntarily, all the in the world, will not call have an idea they 'cannot bo bad companions, but it is a mistaken one. There are among our people, very many parents, who have gathered from the old "What shall we do with our daughters!" countries,' who cannot read at all; how are .Mrs. Livermore, a popular lecturer in the they to choose suitable books for their daug-- t iiiast, astcs mis question 01 almost every ters, and whose judgment should they take audience shcf addresses, and it is echoed on in the matter ? If they will influence them every hand: here in Utah, mothers gravely to join the Young Ladies' Retrenchment So- look each other in the faceand repeat the cieties, they will then be instructed in relaecho. What is the matter, and what is the tion to this matter, by those thoroughly remedy ? posted on the subject. The celebrated Mrs. Howe replies, "make I have received the impression, in concooks of them J9 That may answer a very versing with some of our young ladies, in good purpose under some circumstances, but regard to joining the Societies, that they will that supply the only deficiency in Wo- it forth. think we want to restrict them in thoso men's fcaucationr Are they taught every TSome of our good isters.jviLnot jjistain privileges and enjoyments, natural to the thing! else that is essential to their happiness us in our efforts for the benefit of women; young; that wo wish them to bo f liftiDorihey th and in short as they express it, site qualification, which will help them to fill 'sayrwrget-togesort of thing; ridicule our endeavors and 'awful religious!',' Woman's Mission here? I think not. cheerful to think wc; make them to gain no- We do not believe in There are exceptions certainly; some girls pretend that un- ness is one of tho Christian graces, , there wo are "strong-mindedhave mothers who possess an unbounded in- toriety; and so forth. Thank God there 'can" be no betterrproof of a ciearconscience womanly, fluence over their whole lives and i are some women wno navestamma enougn than a uniform cheerfulness of disposition. ters mothers who have kept themselves to stand forth in defenco of right, Our religion is not to be put on and thrown free from the excesses and extravagances, and to boldly out against wickedness; under off, as suits the occasion and - circumstances, cry whichrthii generation indulge in to such an whatever flattering guise it may appear! It 4t is an overy-da- y affair, it regulates, or; unwarrantable extentPuritan mothers, if matters little what name they give us, so should do, our whole lives, arid gives us you will permit the expression and they long as our motives are pure, and our actions complete In ail the changing vi-as Lmuch have "restrained u cissitudes of our mortal existence. i ': honorable not world. in which It the prevails spirit Are we not all interested in this matter ? IIotFerspet of in in the carries dress, sway style only Is it an individual consideration ? One may use your utmost influence in assisting in the as so well. in and ideas but forth, living "I am capable of managing my own af- work we have undertaken; if your daughGirls eret the most exacrsrerated ideas of say, I do not choose to be interfered with, ters aro free from the spirit and influence fairs; relations love and friendship and all the perare safe." But will they re- of the world, let them help to make others daughters" my and this spirit main so ? This taining to material existence; is contagious as dis- so; their influence may be more beneficial: is fast gaining ground among our daughters. ease it is carried spirit from house to house, it, pre- than that of older persons. Let us work toHow shall we stem the current ? And vails in the and the Theatre; the gether, for bunion is power." who is to step forward in this great work of Iam thankful to my Heavenly Father atmosphere seems full of it. reformation? Have we come out from the very The Young Ladies Societies which have that we are now able to edit a woman's pasalvaworld, and embraced the gospel of been formed, are calculated to check the per, and I consider it a duty incumbent upthe express progress of these evils; to benefit our young on every woman in Israel, to use her best tion, revealed from heaven for human of family, ladies temporally and spiritually;. it is not efforts to support and circulate it. Read it redeeming the purpose from these social evils for which we have simply retrenchment in dress, (which seems yourselves, have your daughters read it; i endured persecution and privation, being to scare every body so,) but it comprises and if it is not good enough; help to make-i' ' "despised n5t only by the world at largeFbnt everything which will tend elevate better; our 6Wn kindred, I say have we endured all and purify them socially. Every mother in We should be the ones to lead out, and: to in same evils spring up this, to allow the Israel should encourage the young, especially let the world see we are not ashamed of our or not our lift and voices our midst, pens ! her own daughters, to sustain these associa we have espoused. We are not re. to cry out against them ? stricted in our ideas of woman's privileges; tions. It is ah easy matter to say it is the mothWe are seeking to open a channel of in-- wo are not in bondage as they suppose; we er's fault, in speaking of our neighbor, but formation more satisfying than the gilded are perfectly capable of thinking for ourwhen the evil creeps into your own house, literature of the present day, which is so selves; let us lift up our voices against erwhen you find it springing up under your widely circulated:, every woman's mind ror, and preach what we are trying to pracinleyiy'w cravM some mental food anda certamvari-et- y tice in purity, showing by our words that not yours O no! of it; but it is not safe, in this" day and w'Oellev We profess to have more flight than the age, to let young girls choose for them- braced. We wish our daughters to understand world, to live purer lives, to be led by the selves; the moral taste has become vitiated to move in and wants purifying. Mothers, do not let themselves, perfectly and thoroughly; why Spirit of God. Then we ought of the this matter, and show the v0m3u little girls read books you know noth- they were created,and what their future lives your world, that we know what to do with our ing about; you cannot watch them too are to be; how they are to fill their missions overcome every, daughters. closely ; you are careful, many of you, ol here, control themselves, Do we teach them the principles of the their physical health, afraid they should eat inherent weakness,nnd live pure and holy us give them the benefit of our gospel ? I believe we do so far as its first too much, or dance too much, or weir their lives. Let so far aslt will have a tendency principles extend; and Vven the ordinances clothes too tight, or not dress warm enough, experience and of the House of the Lord; but do we instill in- and keep their feet dry. That is all right; to stimulate them in the path of duty, to their minds tho necessity of living every but does it ever occur to yoj, that they- can save them the bitter lessons we have dearly guard them from evil day in accordance wi thTthe Holy Spirit? drink in moral poison from impure and un- bought if possible; our Or do we, because we ourselves yield to healthy reading', as well as from associating influences, within and without, that garments may be clear, and wo may havede-it temptation, call On our children for sympa- with people whose morals are not in accor- said to us, "you have been faithful in of virtue and thy, in the trials of domestic life ? Do we dance with tlie principles gems commited to let them see and understand we are living piety ? i; very mother .should know her veloping the precious keeping." We shall assuredly ba held unhappily, when our holy religion should bo daughter's associates, and what she reads. your sufficient support, under all our trials ? If Oftentimes mothers are satisfied if their accountable in a coming day for all these to a we are suffering from any unhappy state of girls are at home reading instead of gad- gems. What is there more precious and mother than her daughters' welfare mind, in all probability we aro in fault; let ding about showing themselves on the V. us not tftrow the blame on any .one else, street; making ail manner of chance ac- - happiness ? "Nothing. Is there any sacrifice too great to do maue, until we are sure that we arc ourselves en- mminfcinnfis: but I would cliarfrc you. motn this"...inKfT-r- i &htr fci nrlf-fi- d -. i nf. to secure blessing- for her ch ild ? I one. cm ersr OUIV matter. . in the blame from 111..!,... tirely exempt cr be the answer Then be careful or your worasyuanaiLwiru a love is may who story,' "It for only I have little feeling some or you temptation in theirway .yourself. Be sure but ask them: vou if to perhaps to one for allows herself moment, speak their confidence on all subjects her children against their father. If she mothers are not aware that Infidelity, Spir- - you share (I fnr them, as well as to must speak, let it be to some one, who is ItlUIIlSin aUU Ulllcl CVJl iiiuucuiva oiu moiui- "" ..mew,- uuu herself married, and can understand and ouslv making their way into novels, poison- aavi.se to do good. of Ilgnt, liieraturc. cannot fail inrr tho appreciate the feelings of a wife. That men- "Books aireatmosphere Blanche Beech wood. companions," and some persons are imperfect is true enough, but for heav. OUR DAUGHTERS. . " , . n fault-findin- r! i . g -- long-face- d, over-seriou- s, long-face- s; ," l! -- self-contr- ol ssiblethis ball-roo- m t to-refin- : e, the-Cau- se . : J i - : V -- --- O- - that-moth- , i'v 1 I 