WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 108 per edited and sustained by women, and ft r that very reason we could not afford to lu it foil; they seemed fully to coincide with and no snow to mv sentiments: besides they admire the To middle of December season. character of the matter contained in the lay nn the ground? a . day yet this Rather remarkable.;.... A German singing paper. Very res tpect full jr yours, ... club was recently organized in this city .. L. B. Pbatt. Tho Hawaiian King, Kalakana, passed thmugh Ogden on his way to Washington ou "the 7th inst. Hef 13 expeetedHo return THE W03IANS EXPONENT. this way with his suite, and will likoly pay Salt Lake a visit in a few weeks..... .uep . ; i JL. GBEEXE RICIIA KDS. Editor. worth Dixon, the author of "New Ameri CORXIXIA II. IIOKXE, Business Mnnner. ca'L aibook in wh ieli he- - gi ves the "Mor our tea mons" a lair showing; recently rvisi citv lor the second time.. ....A child was re In Salt Lake City. Utah.Pab.Ished Oiie one and Ahorse Term's; 3.00; one copy six months, and eopy year, buggy cently kidnapped Ten 1 1.00. of nine. AdTertisInc for the price copies stolen by a man and wbmah in this city. Each tm lines of ppace, oni SPLINTERS. r . W j - . ; ecml-monthl- rate; - y. square "nonpareil r:! ' PERSONAL liberal discount to time, 12.00; per mouth, S3.00. William Dclane.v. one of .the "noble six Exponent Office, on Wcet Temple St., near First South City Market place, litmness hours fiom 9 hundred" who rode at Balaklava, lives now St., opposite 4 p,m.wi ToesdarsAnd Satardajs. to aw. v.V.BazaTne is jo occupy Add at Portland, Maine.. all Easiness communications to I'l 11r .i in London once dwelt in Pnblisher Womax's EircxraT, the appartmenfs Salt Lake City, Utah. by Napoleon" Till rd, when z ho -- wnsi called . r '- -- Prince Louis..... . Fanny Morgen Phelps is manager ot the Oro Fino, TlicatreJu Portland, Oregbnan&hV hal latelj worFgreat applause;. .r..Miss jdattio' Stephenson is the second lady compositor who has made her "debut" in Albany, New York... ...Thomas Gerrand, a boy murderer in Oregon, is sentenced to be hanged on the 15th of January - ......Miss Johns, ,a young .JadoL&dein, Oregon, was recently badly but ned by the explosion of a fluid lamp.. ....Matilda Jos-lyn ,6agersays that in the matter of books, nun's work is a sham. Annie Norton, of Earlville, 111., has proved a very successful and skillful doctor.. ....Mrs. Ezra Stephens of Crete, Nqbraslra, preached the funeral ... sermon of a departed iady recently. 5 SALT LAKE CITY. DEC. 15, 1874. brother or sister, companion or child, can only be comprehended by those who have passed through tho trying ordeal. What proof of di- an al wise and all merciful God. vine trust in can surpass that which shines forth in the calm resignation and unswerving fortitude with which some of our noble heroines of the present period bear these great griefs? But there is also a consolation to such sufferers, sacred and sweet, which j no other sorrow can know. There U a beautiful golden side to eren this 'dark picture If while her heartV treasures. her bsst gifU from God remain: with her in the flesh, liable like her to fait into the snares of the tempter and to lose at last the great reward of faithfulnesv woman hai something to live ind labor for ho w much mo re, when her cherished idol has been freed from mortality with'all its burdens iu rder that she maybe" worthy to claim her own when her mission : shalHiave been also accomplished! The defeat of the Republicans and the tri umphant uprising of the Democracy through out the United States will stand as the event by which 1874 will be made memorable in American history. 'Thatlhe negroes are arming themselves and. opening war with the whites is an occurrence which has been long looked for, a prediction the fulfillment of which this year see the beginning. , In. the. mids of tho JfUerday Sainte, a New Order of things has been partially established during the present year; although the perceptible change may be slight, yet it may be aid that the laying o f one foundation stone, at ; least hast been accomplished. s n In bidding goodbye to "the wise old year,? we would take occasion to thank our friends for their kind patronage, and say to them, "be not weary in well doing' nor discouraged because - i ; - i" ; : , ; THE CLOSING YEAR. A few m ore days, andjjgh tenhundred and hevenijriour win oe counteu witii tne lioari past, and for a little season we shall date our : - writings '75. Then, just ahead, in native and in manufactured glory, will stand our nation's grand Centennial. But we need not" eeek to hasten the time, or to throw aside an hour There is enough to do to prepare for tht countless changes as they follow each otht-- r in un-spe- nt ropid succession. : r' As this issue of the Exponent will be the POLITICAL. I j i Qovefnor Komper, of Richmond, Va. says, .not uum iuo wiu veai a line will oe excnamreo in his that jam uio ucw, iv eccms tiiiieiv1 ior us to mniri -- - -- orhr i i. ,vw.f. : i And as Christmas will be atent before a of Tsome slight retrospection "the recent events create hopes that the them to a great extent, occupied a have which events, oHhe Uhlfed Stated to is be one. government merry during the brought back to the Constitution' . . .. ..The personal as well as public attention f ; :?' stri fe in Cuba is - still unsettled.... twlveTmonthsjast: BUILDING TEMPLES. Whites and the Negroes aro having serious Like Its late predecessors, the year which flghtsin.icksburg, Ill.jeyenjtylgroes now draws to a close, has been rife wun ca- - If I could: say anything to my sisters to ex- were, recensly killed in on:dayrrn:'JV'aF laitous-incIdeniconimo la Walla county, Oregon, seventeen candi- tions j)f blood and fire," of a- -, Earthquakes. ,!n!n t wVM t dates were up for representative at the late Amines and pestilences there has certainly that the timei3 fafs election .It is reported that a Republican been no lack of acesunts placed in the world's r' . . . auu luaw :.greair ones COmo win Congressman elect, of Kentucky, shot and f piauv, t..V UUK 41 kUC UUltCLlUUS Wlier junk iwiu,, to pass ere many are aware or nrepared for killed his Democratic competitor in the wi th America children have been afflicted, election. r them. I recently attended a .meeting at. which perhaps the sUdden stroke of tho unforeseen President B. Youns: Jun. spoke in accordance and uncontrovertible hand of death has been times; and in my heart I rejoiced to the greatest cause of almost general 'lanienta-tlo- with the words' ENCOURAGING, of truth spoken by the lip3 of hear the and great mourning." Not a weeping God. of an Aud I thank my Heavenly Apostle FROJf AN 'AGENT,' ' neighborhood, we venture to assert, but has felt the gloomy presence of that peace destroy- rather for tne liglit of the Gospel which I ; ; ; received. Beaver, Dec. 5 th, 1874, ing messenger, who marks for h!s selections oft have Oh! my sisters, we have need to become Dear Bister Richards i Iho fairest flowers, the 'most choice fruits, and I have just jeturnod from Minersvllte, best and finest grain; scarcely a home but has more and more united in our efibrU to assist the eldew in building up the Kingdom of God. been either directly or indirectly smitten. for the Exponent: The sisters of the ReWhat do we suppose the words which hav Within the immediate circles of our dear lief Society all seem in good faith, and anxious to have tho papp.r, but only a few were personal ..Mends ana. intimate acauuintancesJ rl annm: t dom j , mind h able to subscribe more than one dollar. I wereeallto stvv uuu .OMituwiUi: upon the earth, can mean bu t that His advised them if they could do no better to fiiinta mitof. MtoMiaVi If In TT!j tts. and of too many bereaved and anguished moth- send for half tho year; they seemed authority and through His aid and blessing? pleased with.that suggestion, and accordingly, I re- ers. If ever true heroism was displayed by "The scrinturns tA fhnf .nt vf " r ui -niji vtiuy 111c r ljui ceived five jiames,4 with one dollar t ach. ' ncuave ueea wunass 10 11 lu some Of rnmA snrlrlpnlv w: , tn hl tAm't 'r. ' these instances, within the last six months. When that has expired I will see to the Vw Ine that h wllm wrt.. Sister Tyler Is sick with inflammav .fuy understand that there is no terror pared for him? v" Or en anv of ua havA hnnna rheumatism and was tory not able to accom- in death to the pure and good: nor I3 It when of beine invited to ehier Into the TpmnT nVi pany me; when sho recovers we shall en- - such depart, that their remaining friends do-- hear the words of life uttered by the Savior and ;mes&e'"tllGState, Legislature, 9 " ; i -- sT ,irA - ; . W I . ? ! n, ; ; 5 j fa w x-,- a u 1 . 1 rc-new- alv . plore the fate of the dearly cherished ones who pass away from mortal toll and care. But the realizing senso of the sepiration which mut continue fur au unknown lenrrth nf Mm 'ha. tween ahumau hert and its best earthly Idol, was a pa- - to which death has laid be it parent, claim, obtain what we can. So you will please (o e flve 8ub;3cribers forsix months. ?e"u it get more names from that place in time. I told the sisters I wished them to iu uuuu mat the Exponent - - Redeemer, of the world, beholding nis face and ' of His witnessing theglory prnce, if ire are not alstinz to make it rpHrlv fnV ,, w rtr?f fo ' 1 haveembrac-- d Is a practical religion, that re must woks as well as watcli and pray. IfanyN 1! 