WOMA' S i " - . " , For the Exponent. CULTURE; NECESSARY TO IMPROVE- - E XPONENT, 107 gent being, in tho image of God, possesses every organ; attribute, sense, sympathy, aflove, power and gift, fection,which is possessed by God himself. But these are possessed by man, in his rudi- mentai state, in a subordinate sense of the word. Or in other word , these attributes are in embryo, and aro . to be gradually de veloped. They resemble a bud a. germ, which gradually .develops into bloom, and then, by progress, proi tees the mature fruit, after its own kind." So that, as the wheat has attained to its present excellence by culture man can attain to a fulness of m, will,-wisdo- WOMAN'S RECOKD. Miss Chandler, of London, has established bo a convalescent hospital which is saidto " doing a vast amount of goodr V , AN English lady by tho name of Octavla Hill, has taken upon herself the burden of improving, borne of the dwellings of tho Nature has been lavish in her gifts to man, Mt labor has been and" Is a condition of their enjoyment, improvement and perpetuity, certain races of men seem to havenoticed Jth'ese factsland to have taken V, :f JZZ of had so not done' they advantage them; Mrs, Ifarrlet Moultori, of Unity, 80 years would been have little there development; old, set her clothing on tiro while smoking they recognized the force of the truism "in in bed, a few nights ago? and was fatally the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,' V ".v burneoL V which is writtenin the book of Naturas well -r:-r-r-- ";. :pelfectiOlC"--Tas in the Bible. Labor culture,exercisod by since, two young ladies died man in the - earliest ages benefits us It is well for us that wo are in the school in A few days Massachusetts, who were enFairhaven, we where realize that culture is necessary day. t ji BogryL. s., to be married to two young men who Tnero is no natural wheat worth hayi ng; to our improvement especially. gaged were eousins. Their wedding dresses were ' Nature supplies the seeds from" which it It teaches us to know ourselves and thus to their shrouds. ' ' can and withoutr which it cannot be made. kiiow others. We do' not look with UnfeelMan cannot make an atom of matter neither ing or contempt upon those who have not Madam Patti-Cau-x lately sung on a Par- pcan he destroy;but he can make a thing that attained to this knowledge.lOux pride does isian for tho benefit of the stage. us us not make is worth nothing worth something this is and evolved seven thousand dolrepulsive, nor vanity cause to to us be to enables survile ; others. It lars for the performance. creation., ZHe canctiange thaldirection of adof stand erect blasts the under forces the natural and use them for his own chilling Mils.' lately homo from and beneath sunshine of prosthe so we advantage. The wheat prize greatly versity, " is the result of labor expended for many perity." If wo aro angry "we'sln not; or if Europe, is going to visit China, Japan,: and " successive generations,; care in selecting, we incautiously infringo upon anothers places still more distant; being absent from rights we ask forgiveness. And we obtain America for about two years. iraprovingj nourishing, the; " and properties, the vitalizing it too, from those who have made themAN Emrlish paper announces that "sev forces of our wheat, represent the energies selves the subject. of this culture. eral of the loveliest ladies in the realm as of thousands of our race 'who wrought for If this does not raise us in the estimation sembled at Wimbledon last week, to seb our convenience, and made our existence of those outside the moral discipline Indi- the shooting of their husbands." cated that and with such same in it The multitudes. ages us, improves possible may Miss Helen Patterson; an artist who has be said of our peaches,5 pears,; cherries; of succeed; us it will improve the race. We the plump, pulpy delicious edible fruits, shall thus 'leave the world better than we done good work for the "Graphic" and the they have been handed down as part of our found it, the rich legacy inherited by us Cornhili Magazine, is taia to be about to inheritance from man; the wildfruitsare of from man made richer by our labors will be marry the poet Alhngham, who has become small value. The double flowers and floral bequeathed to and held in prosperity by thejsuccessor of Froude, in editing Frazer's beauties of our gardens that we so highly man. ; Magazine. prize are man's work. Nature .does her A Mississirrr - girl just out of school work- - adequately, elegantly, but frugally, hired a fewt negroes. last season and under.OUR SCIENCE DEPARTMENT., the wild flowers of the prairies, the butter took to carry on a farm at her homestead. and daisies of the meadows of the lilly cup, The result at the end of the year was eight the values are evidences. Nearly ail the Fabrics. Cotton or banks of potatoes, COO . bushels of, corn and outwe are the linen goods may be rendered enjoy temporal blessings $960 in cash from the sale of cotton after all flow of accumulations, thathave resulted by being dipped in a solution of equal expenses were paid. from culture in the distant past, wo are in- parts of acetate of lime and chloride of calMRsuliaWard Howe lectures on - the debted for them to man. cium dissolved in twico their "weight of waauestlon "Is Polite Society Polite? and an That the same general principles of'im- - ter. , swers it, the papers say, in a satisfactory rprovementr aridtthus Tefradding to value by inanrtW'foliffiiitelligent audience or- uosto- culture are understood we have evidence of employed by farmers Us a fertiii-- . nians. But we have not learned whether in the'earj which is taken in raising stock generally action of piaster (gypsum) on the she proves the answer to bo yes or no. ' the zer, as well as in agricultural and kind red opera soil Is not well understood. " ItT has been tions. But there does not appear to be as shown however, by actual experiment, that much" care in raising inen; nor as clear a; is capable :. of absorbing ammonia plaster "Courting -U about half sci Courting. to of culture of the conception importance anfrom the air, and also from; decomposing The nature in Billings. says J ence," our race;' the greatest care is taken in breed imal in the and vegetable matter, holding it energy,' ; You must begin slow, ing, and, by attention to natural laws anl form of sulphide of ammonium. This; it is simple and bye and bye it will be best to agitate rnals are raised with certainty of the jnost into' bo carbonate of changed things. Wiramen never urrnder, nor are desirable kinds. Nature, In her gifts, has again, may of carbonic acid by absorption thev ever exactly wonbut nther captured. not shut out man from similar advantages ammonia, r These occu when from air. the are changes of descent and culture, wherein to be, suc- - gypsum is brought in contact with moisture They fight it out on this jim.' ourtThere as lint. wimmen" who areas easy tf .cessiul must be, natural, that is in harmony and matter. Whatever other 1. vegetable Luv at first sight' is like honey. r. It with the laws, of our being. We may be purpose bo must this it duz seem as though you vuVad never get 'thankful that by a happy tniinof circum-stiinc- as the mostmay serve, as by it regarded are plants important, enuITof it. This kind ofluv is apt to make a more perfect race ,of men is being with food of the highest value. and is hard to back out of as well, blunders, d eveioped in these mountains, simply be- -, supplied or of lime, but there ain't any such thing az pure ma- Not only is gypsum, sulphate cause there'is more perfect obedience to the a substance -so abundant In our mountains, thematicks in courting. If it is all natures- :. natural laws. ,. : useful in these respects, but is valuable as aj it Is too innocent for earth, and if it is all The gathering together of a people that deoderizer; decaying organic matter 'be it is too mucn of a jod. remaps will improve by living in harmony with the comes fixed by uaion chemically with the science, ticst way to court is to begin without laws of our being is a requirement of the sulphuric aid of the gypsum. In this way tbo much of any plan whero you are going to races-liv- e the the some cases longest, strongest and volatile the pernicious, in ' age; fetch up, and let the thing kind of worry man is dwindling in stature and shortening poisonous erases are made subservient to the like throwing stones into a knfeless, along loses his life because he strength by living interests of agriculture. Besides this gyp You will find one thing strictly-tr- ue in violation of the fundamental laws upon sum has Its uses for "plaster of Paris'.7 miil.pond. the more advice ycu uudertake to the observance ofwhich existence Is secured and calcineing. .. follow, the less amount of good courting you ; lr. -- -- C-j - - - , b.rT . -- . , self-cultu- re '' , Alsacc-Lorraine- rs v : Scott-Siddon- s. , fie3h-forifiin- g. f "heat-giving- -- " . , t Non-inflammab- le non-inflamma- ble ...' - . . : . - ; o-i- . 1 es ,'':, - ; ; to him.: ; : , ', What ii wanting to secure to man the "highest attainable excellence, the maximum of vitality and Intelligence, is culture, not of a part but of the whole being. What this being man is capable of wo may learn from the Key to Theology: "An intcllU ' T 1 will do. -- :;; .. ZL ... - An omnibus driver called down to an un I am in favour ov tho utmost possible libconscious vounr lady, "Miss, your fare!" the ul& boddy, but i never "Well" exclaimed the girl,;rousing up, "If erty, both for humau nalur, well broko I am, I don't want any of your , imperti- expekt to see without enny bits. Billing. enuff to drive . nence!", ; J , - i 