f. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 15C SPLINTERS. TTJl? W fi Af , 'Q P YPH Am And these without expense or loss of time. If he shows the respect due Jier in her important position, his children will rarely think of j L. GREENE BICHABDS, :.. T?f T blessing of a kindly smile and loving sentence. t f It is said that NewYork buries six hundred and twenty-seve- n of her paupers in one trendi;.. Seven persons were latclv poisoned T A i. EDITOB. h;! dcihg otherwise. But let him manifest, in their presence, doubts of her efficiency to wisely through eating fresh pork in Cincinnati...... management of her own, especial, doStr :ng resolutions haVO been parsed by the M?r the price of nine. Ad?ertiing rates: Each square, eight mestic, concenis, and see how readily his sons Qi JHfimo Woman's Suffrage invention in Lake City. at least, will take advantage of his injudicious lu;i : of its object. .... .The Baroness Lionel de bait Miss Cornelia II. Horn, Cosiness Manager. Office hours Rothschild is said to be gaining some notori- from 9 to 12 a.r m,, and from 2 to 5 p. m., on Mondays and example. If he would generously assist the mother in herarduous labors of training the ety as an authoress... ...Maine promises to do v.:j... Address all business eommumcations to Woman's g a good business in little ones, he might as well interfere with the ExrorxT, I'ubjishors this season. Salt Lake City, Utah. kitchen fire and seek o enliven; it by throwing' :...;.Emily Faithful still lectures in England months in America" on icicles, as to utter1 words of disparagement JjAKE CITY; March 15, 1874; ......Boston has been astoniTaTWeFaell in relation to her manner of directing or cor dressed, ableodied man wh recting liereliifdf en i n their" liearingfSueh-- a card on htehat which bears the inscription. course being taken, while the children were NOTIGE, zl'A .iwmt present, has not only wounded the tender senfall died at Galveston,Texas, on the 18th ult-- f The Annual Conference to be held in this sibilities of many a mother; but alsoi lessened Henry Ward Bceeher wants to know, if it is city on the 6th of April next, will meet and the good influence she might have over them. wicked to laugh irimeetiii why Provi- - adjourn to Thursday, May 7th, at 10 o'clock deneo permits honest, souls to a, m. TO CORRESPONDENTS. be tempted beyond vhat they are able to BltlGHAM YOUNG, L plan for the improvement of the Geo roe A. Smith, Writing for the press, like many other occu colored race is to be laid before the President Daniel" H. Wells. ' pations, to.be performed arightfTequires the obMilitia men in by "Sojourner Truth" servance of certain rules or principles. Some California protest against being disbanded... of these principles are so simple that any one, DOMESTIC HINTS. Mrs. Fannie U. Roberts has been installed who is able to write, can learn them in a few; over the Universalist Church in Kitterv. of Maine. It is stated hv Ahihnrrm mnnN It is the mother who forms the character of minutes; yet perhaps the that land is selling very cheap all over the the child it is Woman who gives tone to these rules may give more trouble than the neg State, some of the best cotton land for two society. Yet it is but a few years since this i in- lect of others requiring deeper and longer study. to four dollars per acre.... ..Elen M. Babb Is portant truth was conceded; but now the world To mention a few ideas connected with the subthe third lady who has been Appointed to the knows and acknowledges it, and everyone is ject) was our purpose in commencing this artiposition of 'J ustico of the peace in the State repeating it. There certainly can be no mistake cle. Though the contributions of our friends of Maine... ...Pupils in the High School at about this, for even before its birth, the natural may not always be suited to or find 'place in Dover N. II. have regular examinations in mind of the child has been stamped with the the columns of the Exponent, we trust that to ascertain how thor- emotions, desires and reflections which have uot even the humblest contributor will feel disperiodical literature, s are Iy studied . . .. . .Rev. been cherished by its maternal parent. And couraged, or take offense. But on the contrary, 22?? Jvh;I10vs-PaPeiI hebe A;,Hannaford has written a historical fQr months after becoming a distinct inhabitant we will be glad to see all with the improvellvl iCiW iu 0,vtlulul liaven It of Mirth, it is still dnnnndpnt in a vpi-- mWrlp- - ment that study and experience brings conhas been decided by the Supreme Court of for existence upon the same source" from tinue to be with us in seeking to Indiana, that the law requiring a man guilty gree, of drunkencss to tell where he got his li- which it had hitherto been sustained." Then, show forth and promote the best interests of all the days of childhood and youth, it women. To this end, we invite cc respondents quor, is unconstitutional. .....Abba G. Wool-so- n during lectures succesfully in the New Hamp- is mother's examples and influence which reg- and friends throughout the Territory to comulate, mold and impress, until mature years municate their views and feelings. In doing shire lyeeum on tho "Yosemite Valley" A Titusville paper announces that there are have marked the character a settled reality . so, the real name of the writer should always ! is sacred the it While, then, obviously, be given, not that it is necessary for publication. upwards of l,000,000xgallons of crude oil at uuu pomr, in tne tanks, with no protection duty of every mother, aiid of every woman but as n guarantee of good faith. If the. writo cuiti- - ter desires to have' the initials xr an.assumed against fire .... . .Ninety-on- e females are en- .whti lias liopes ofjbecom rolled at the Michigan University for the vate to the utmost extent, of her capabilities, nalinf jiiiblislied i nstead of the real - na nier i t . current academic year... ...The village Cerro all excellence within herself, in order that should be so stated de Pasco, which is situatcdXon the slope of sbe maT be abJf to iraPar th same in abun- - '': The date should not be forgotten, especially mo iinues, l i,UUU leet aoove the level Of the aance io iier oiiirjugj uiiuer winu oungauons in letters containing news, and business items sea, is said to contain the highest newspaper is man placed concerning these things ? When sending names of subscribers, be careoffice in 'the world...... Sixty-fiv- e considered Lei it be that his dally proceed ful to also give the name of the Town and Counrail road trains enter and leave Portland,Mainc, daily ings, whether they may have much or little di- - ty in which each one resides. If the subscriber ...... The latest style for speaking of a fraud rcct influence on the dispositions of thechil- - is a resident of this city, the name of the Ward committed by an officer of public trust, is to dron, have a great deal to do with the feelings to which the be starpaperjs to be sent should . say, "he was caught in the rain without an ami consequent course of tiie mother. And if ted. 'v. ? umbrella. ....This country is said to raise she has need to be so perfect in her ways, how If a subscriber wants;hisorherpaperchangeI, annually 2,000,000 bushels of neccssarjMt is that she should receive encour- - theniame of its former destination' as well as Iowa has seventy-tw- o counties and treasury agemcnt, sympathy and strength continually the place to which it is to be sent should be stacrs of t tventy-thre- e of them havo been found from him. He should have thought and con- - ted clearly. A neglect of the three preceeding rules often occasions trouble if not loss. In writing do not mix business communications with those intended" for publiration, it is 7 xnauQ in a think of greater iniporta nce.as to . "M VIt" TnVin or forget neg- better to write them on different sheets of pa: Island court in one day. Pretty good ': look, and exprcs- - per. :, torel.rl.y4el.aer. for a small ,.lace......A Georgia farmer late- a forl.er Communications for publication should4e writ ent",ns 6ion,3: (Jiscoveml lhat hisiloglikcd-milksowclthat he had got into the habit of milking a as his wife and tho mother of his children. ten on one side of the paper only; especially fine cow... ...Bull fights have beenprohibited PoimnS,s so oneering ana rcireshing to the those which are lengthy. ' Be sure that HTri?..1 mna ajia i)ouy of a half-sic- k in France,. ,..Go.v . Allen of Ohio refuses -e--t words, particularly proper names, m as r a or are to accept free passes. .... .A lad ies' societ v ''J'evcrMKjnc proor spelled correctly. If convenient and neces the real and consid appreeiatiou has been organized at Keokuk, to hunt up sympathetic sary "coiisult a dictionary when writing." " Vnd last but not least, though" it husbands who stay at "Tho Lodge after 11 eration of him for whom, principally, she la may not be P. M..., ..Ground was broken, Feb.. 18th, for bors. And why, should he ever, even fn the foundation of the first Reformed Epis- single instance, withhold these simple rewards?; article be beautiful, it is requisite that it be Even though he may be too pxr to afford her plain, the plainer and neater the better. Good copal Church to be erected in the to bo styled sufficient help in her household duties, and too j black ink and clear white It is, wq believe, paper is the b?st to the "Church of tho Rock of Ages"...... A busy to offer her assistance himself, in little af-- use. Man v are not careful to mnk thrir Irt- late fire,at Evanston destroyed fourteen buikl- - fairs; at times when a helping hand is so much ters sufficiently distinct; their n's and u's are , mgs. Total loss estimated at $200,000. MH1 uma .UCStOW iwvu Hie alike; such letters as a, t, dt ctc.,not being con- jig limy con-duct.t- he f be-P- -- . : -- ship-buildin- ' " " . mJJlMMiiEight worj'enelLoiiisWig well-meani- -- ng . " ' bear'rA r-- r-- non-observan- ce v co-work- ers ! -- -- -:- pea-nuts...- ... , lf M , i ;'-- - , Uni-tedStat- ! es. 1 iui.-'liji- 