APOSTROPHE TO JERUSALEM, Ri & REPORTS. Thou Cltjnvith a cherished nani- cA name In garlands drest Adorned with ancient sacred fame ; : As City of the blest. Thy rulers once were mighty men Thy sons renown'd in war: , Thy g miles were sought and courted then By people from afar. A holy Temple, built as God Directed it should be; In which Ills glory shono abroad, With heav'nly majesty; Was great adornment to thy placo, And lustre to thy name; --With much of grandetir.wcalth and grace, To mag n ify thy fume The Lord was with theo then j and doign.d, In speech well wehUr''L-rLThrough prophets, by Ills wisdom trained, To counsel for thy good. Attracted by illustrious fame, writes from Manti, San pete County, that the Society of sisters in that place is a very good and energetic one, willing and anxious to do ail they can to help in every righteous work." Money is very scarse there, times quite favorable in other , . ; - A. ffT1 ftnrj To study wisdom, people came From other climes afar. Thine then, a chosen, favorM land, r -- And thou wertlikea golden gem Upon a nation's brow. . ( .: . f : , -- ¬ s, - In bold security: shall. 4, 1373. ? . r Jerusalem, Palestine, March : - ; set-G- Eliza It, : . s .. od Thy s'Un has not forever has a great design, And will fulfil his purpose yeL Concerning Palestine, Th appointed time will surely eome; According to Ills will ; For God, with "faithful Abraham," Ills cov'nants to fulfil. Thyself rodeem'd from deep disgrace Of. filth and negligence j These Uncouth structures shall give placo To taste and elegance. Thy latter glory be. ' , Thy children, Seed of Israel Of God's "peculiar care," On whom the wolght of judgmont fell, Aro scattered every whore. More than the'former glor hand cart company, in 1 856. Her near asso in which .we are engaged: that the Gospel of no error, and ciates-an- d .familiar acquaintances realize Jesus Christ is all truth, and true principles,1 that in her, they have lost, for a time, a true that polygamy isrestoneis of its which with1 the necessary for the sal-- 1 Men4y omLw vation" and "exaltation of men: and - womenr good word of counsel, or to assist thoso who both here in this life, and in that life which were in need or assistance. is to come, I can also testify, that the woGeneral the 3rd On Saturday, Jan, n 1874, vas men or Utah are not the 14th in the held Retrenchment Meeting, sals which many have believed them to bo; Ward Assembly Booms, was but sparsely at- but that they are free to believe the Gospel tended, owing to the very unfavorable state or not, free to embrace all of its principles of the weather. Those present, however, or a part of them, or none at all, free to live enjoyed the spirit of unity, and much good in Utah or to go out of it, free to feeling was manifested. Counselor Mrs. "Chooso their lives and what they'll be Elizabeth Howard, who, in the absence of For this eternal truth Is given, President Mrs. M. I. Home, presided over That God will force no man to heaven." the meeting, said to the sisters that she : ; thought of late, there was too 'great lack of Nor woman either. AMELIA GOLDSBROUGH. punctuality among them. Their meetings were appointed at 2 o'clock, not half past 2, and they should each one make it a point to be there at the appointed time. Harris ville, January 9th 1874. I wish to write a few words,to mingle my A report from Harrisville, informs us that at a late meeting of the Society, several la- voice with those of my sisters. I feel that ' dies from Salt Lake ; City and other places we ought to be the most thankful women in were present as visitors, and that much good the world; Whero else do women have the was" realized from their teachings. The rights and blessings that we enjoy? We have health of the President, Mrs. Melissa Shirt- - the privilege of associating with the Saints Celesliff, we regret to learn is poor. The Society of God, and of living in the Order of gives us the privilege generally, is alive to a sense of its many du- tial marriage, which also of of marrying the men of ties. Secretary. Mrs. Mary E Taylor, marrying good men; which I esteem among The 138th meeting of the. Relief Society the greatest of all blessings. I have lived of Bountiful, Davis Co., is reported by Mrs. in polygamy twenty years, as the second Jane C. Hale, the Assistant Secretary. Miss wife; and have nine children and one grand Eliza R. Snow, Mrs. Zina D. Young and child born and have never for a moment re--others from Salt Lake City, were present, gretted my choice. And I am thankful that ; and a very interesting meeting was held by the women of the Saints have the opportu- the Society, of which Mrs. E. H. Barlow is nity offered them of speaking for themselves, President, and Mrs. Mary Carter Secretary. through the columns of the . Exponent. as a great advantage and ever. On the afternoon of Thursday, the 8th Inst, This I regard that we may justly appreciate and wise- an annual meeting of the 8th Ward Relief pray .. use the benefits afforded us. Society, was held in tke Ward meeting y Mary E; TAYiiOR H house, Pres. Mrs. Mary A. Leaver presiding. Bishop Sheets and his counselors favored the sisters with their presence. MissE. R. In Peru, business is fairly at a stand stilt Snow. Mrs. Phebe Woodruff and Mrs. L. Greene Richards were also present by es Exchange is not to be had on.aXy terms, the harbors are deserted and We; government pecial invitation. TheJJmeeting was a pleas- has forbidden the exportation of com. The ant and profitable one, and after its close, the financial epidemic has struck heavily there. company was served to a very suitable and well prepared supper. Trust children.- - Never accuse a child of a fault unless you are certain he commit- - ; ed it Children should not be treated with woman's voice: suspicion. We should act toward them, in n this matter as wo feel wo oughOq act to- Cedar City, Iron Co., Dec, 28 th 1 873. ward others, only with greater tenderness-' Woman's Editor not less, as is usually done. We" should air Exponent, ' DEAR SISTER: ways put the best construction possible upon V Though personally unknown to vou. I 'feel their conduct;-th- at is, unlessyou are sura. a ' as if we were old acquaintances. Your val- child is a He, and can prove it, do not uable paper comes as a friend, and Is wel- show thetelling least hesitation to believe what ho' comed as such; I take great pleasure in read- says. Far better that you should be deceiv- to and out ing it, the good instruc- ed, than run the risk of showing a truthful V. try carry tions contained therein. child do not trust him.' Your simple The sisters throughout the Territory,ought rust you make a may lying child truthful. Yourto feel grateful that we have the privilege doubt of his truthfulness may make .a.tnith- . of communicating with, and expressing ' our ful child a liar. , our-choic- e, Since then, has retribution's hand Tut forth its fearful skill Upon thy structures and thy land, . . A destiny to fill. '" ivearmvtestim : No Temple, now that God design'd No church by lllm approved-- No prophet to reveal Ills mind, ' By inspiration moved. Where once a royal Banner spread, The Crescent's waving now. A sable wreath'ls ort thy head, And blood upon thy brow. " clude ". Thy streets ato narrow, filthy lanes, Gfifoftslveto the breathy Thy pools oppoar like sewer drains That breed disease and death. ;t -'- 1 : Thy walls shall be of precious stones Thy gates of richest pearl; And on thy tow'rlng battlements, Shall sacred banners furl. The Seed of Jacob,- then shall dwell -- : 1 V ...Z7Zy In a renort from Mrs, S. Gibson, of the Mary Anne Lunt. Sugar House Ward, S. L. City, wo find the followiner intelligence: Mrs. Ellen Toneia Stringham, who has been a faithful teacher Dear Exponent: in this Society, departed this life on the 22nd After a struggle between "I cant," and of December, 1873. She wTasa native or --that I can willingly ''HI try," Buckinghamshire,lEnjpa down-trodde- Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Alaal What art thou now? Degraded, and on every hand, From wisdom all estrang'd: z r Thy glory has departed ! and is but All, thy name, chang'd. From God withdrawn by Him forsook To all Intents depraved: Beneath the Turkish iron yoke Thou long hast been enslaved. Divested of all heav'nly rites, Thy crest has fallen low: Around thy walls are squalid sights '' Of beggary and woe. " respects. " i The mountains dropp'd down fatness,and The hillsides, wino and oil. ' The curse of God thy changes wrought, Thro' crimes the Jew have done, . "When they His counsels set at nought, And crucified Ills Son. Ann-Loga- n : 7 Wasrowhod withlehiysmlle; - Mrs. feelings to each other, through its columns, How many have formed friendships in days gone by, whoso paths in life have widely separated, and like Martha of old, they are "troubled about many things," therefore cannot find time, to correspond with all fund what a comfort for such to learn of each other occasionally through the paper. Accept wishes for my kind regards, and heart-fe- lt the onward progress of the Exponent. . Sxow. . 