' , y yy '' v iiii -- i y: i I .Rfeiddf r t i i to v!:. yZv. ;:V;-- it it riii i oc,ur tyyyy i i i i i .... ri n. i i sam lake ctty ' ''' ;.vy y. t , r i t i i i i i i i -- 1 .yy.y; 7r--- i i i i -- 1 '''-- i liTAHi 'august iy5i874. "Clionian Club.,, This wo read in a letter to the "Woman's Journal' in which the - f Japan iias don a enaiblo 'thingi-i- re- writer observes "Don1 1 you th ink 1 1 - would port speaks truly; in prouibitlngr the publio be a good plan to organize such1 a clubfor - exnioition of aefonnea the young wonien? lAiid in ' th'is wayy by persons and fit essays and uumau uiuusixuaiiies. :: discussions, get many interested in "Caused who Otherwise wo the &iss Feances Willard ilatelv f resifirned e 9 s . ittmtlittleatteritibn.WhiIethe-'ii- mutual effort is thus felt in other places th sisters here can feel thaiVtheir -- wanis ave 411 xeguru 10 me oi liicuny goyernmeui. beehf anticipated 5by tlib brgaiiimtions of Relief t and Retrenchment societies for It i.vfv;i;TiiB.;lUJ)iEaPhysiologicald6oietyto both old and young.:! nas on war started the jurooiayn path against d lalse corsets, , hair and shoes, DIVERSIONS versltyb(KuseThec6dyboraOT -- r f i i 7Z Jr. yj -- -;- mgh-neele- 1-- No. 5. her with prolbundest;pity fori his evident distress. So she, wrote to her father, !Dear paDa. I do wish you ..would, come up here " my donkey is so lonesome." Tiiey tell a funnv incident which hap- Dened lately at an auction salo- of damacred soon - gGdspair:oIanketsvercwup eemed4o4akeUheVeyey highest bid was a dollar froni a lady -- who determined to have them. But sh had a,anl unseen .opponent- who ran herj up .to .i five dollars, and had the blankets knocked down to mm. ... , ... 7 1 ; , . i - - f -j ' . -- y X Yours, MK'Mhc?. said the smiling tioneer.' auc-- yl , Whereupon tho lady rose arid exclaimed, What ! m v liusband ?V - and . raisincr herself fFEETWORK-yYexati- on of spirit. ,1 on tiptoe to cfet 'siirht of; him,. ""Why."; you EnGaged for . every so tA1 heii. man you I have been bid-- . ii ' .yWnv is a chicken like a farmer? Boeauso ding'agalnst your wife, i",.', , t," . r ,W. both delight in a .full crop. ', A Mass aciiusetts farmer says; f"Myr difficult thincr Next to a diary, the most will follow me until I leave the: lbti'and r . to keep Is a eOil the up to the RnifthTiie earliest financial transaction on re ninf fttn nnil rnll forjilV of hn."' son cord? When Pharaoh i received a check on says there is nothing at all remarkable iri t h e a bar the bank of the Red Sea, crossed by "Moses in thatj ?He went Into' f y country one day last week, wherb 'hey had noi me sugniesi acquainiance witn tne cat"THEBE' said Jones, as thet wrathfully tle; and'the"old bull hot only followed him t uusueuJ away 1L. inv uio wjucii ma lauuiauy uau till ho left the lot, but took the gate off the for a:pig i i III l'rf just served him, "that stuff racea wnn ana mm nouse in to tno ninges am not going to esLtiVr m I to eat and, I tho. most familiar manner possible.. Smith, Cs'0)oc?Tdi?!' said a conceited literary man son says he has no doubt that the old fellow r to Holmes on the streets' of Boston, "I am would ha Ve called for somethlng'if he had to going to deliver my , lecture in Lpwell tb waited a iittlo:whHpbut her didnftraht ' folks niirht." "lam dad of It; I: dislike those keep tho .waiting dinner: so ho huh er onet tail of ihisf coat and a iece of hl pants on j the bull's horns and went into th e V :i A tombstone in tho Yazoo Miss., cemer house.' tcry bears the following inscription: d : r.; 'fHero lies Interred Priseiila Bird,' , .s1 r: ; f : Who sang on earth 'till sixty-twTO YOUNG .MEN. T . n xntix iiavjj no nig snaKe stories at St. Johnsyillc but make! up the;aeMeiicyil)y claiming that a farmer there has hens which yibuild their nests Jn the trees and lay, their a rrcta in th av ';'itj i si ; !,.';. i 1 J ,!. Kacy yWtCkmjE, ol t Keenep New has - fc- i Hampshire, publicly protested against to taxes while she is a) disfranhaving pay chised citizen and not allowed to vote for the "powers that be.V, This she considers taxation: The ' for that are ihe few rights iow, struggling will,'we hopeVbo enjoyed by "the many Jn t v yy- the early futureV Jii 1 if The: Attoekey I General I has d ecided thaVirrespective of nthe time or 'place of marriage, or the residences: of the a whit woman married to a citizenparties, of this to is b!eemed be taken , and country a citi ton zen pi me u nnea Star. Which shows that the legislators .who the elective franchise bnt tho women ofyutah arendt the qnjyy ones ; tov be condemned for hblding'tfie sa'meMe'cnclBrh ing woman's citizenship .'"..V ? y without;-yrepesenta- ; Ktates'7--Washing- cbn-ferr-ed .' gbod-fbrrriothi- ;tj; -- :- lead-penc- il 1 ri-ya- l- degree of Pharmaeutical: chemist,fanother " that of ; Doctor, of Medicine. The t ladies belonging t tlie graduating clases. attended the usual commencement : jdinnetl at which abou350 persons were present It was ; that the fipeakers addressed! their hearers as ladles and gentiemen' ibr the first time, .there- - having. been so few : lady students in the classes of '72 and '73! that they did not feel like attending these state mtLl adH ...a;. dinners. re-rnar-kel . - J We CLirpED tha following from'an exchange because jwo concurred ;with' the closing 'scn-tImcnt,;especi- If; the judge referred to H the Mr! Poland Uiat 1 r labored so diligently in the last Ctongress.fot prbcuro special, and unjust legislation for TJtah:" When :Judge Roland Jreiwrted.unfavorablyrunVav large " numbryorvpetitions? Asking for tjVbrnan SUffragb Ih.theDistrict of .Columbia wo aro toldpthat ;:thb VfcadersTbt Eights movement watched -- the report from gaUcryVwith'muctirto s:hbto that' this' indignation felt some day, in life." private r i i .TwESTT-mT- i wUCmakb-itsel- f inch' to Vre'nding"uchr, -. . .. J.i r ...; f. v ..J ; s married women of Daven- port, Iowa, have formed themselves intf a mutual improvement" society, styled the rd t---.t 1- - tsn'tt m 4 -- ; o; , Now Up ...onlhlghiaboyihky,.;-.,Np doubt sho: sings like Bixty too.V ;y pTiTEREwEBE six women Jn Itheu srddu ting class of the University; of; Michigan at lAPiriEADE Ann Arbbr. One; lady jtudent Veceivcd the . barnyy? -- " 4 ' ng t T9unff men Iiaye it, as an. excuse for leava Bostonlan ing t tho ,faim,; that educated, 'well-bre- d and remarked that Bostoij "would bo' affine y?UDki .women'; turn up their noses at and will with- nor marry farmers; city If it;was only laid out differentlylike and not associate out that tho, . women of the they ; fling, Philadelphia jtorliistance replied are too refined the Boston man, If Boston vef becQms day andrdeliato,Ttoolazy':fof work and working tmen; but they; are misas dead a Philadelphia Hye will try to "lay1 ; itfbut like thatcityy; ji; ' " I taken. ': It isnot labor, but coarseness rand vulgarity that they tuni up their noses at; e ; ;A minister, ' who found his, it is j not the.sun-br6wnecongregation" going to sleep : before:; ho had Hand, but the!dirtthat they refuse; r it: is fairly commenced, suddenly stoppediand not health-givinwork; but exclaimed, ''Brethren thl3 isn't fair; it isn't : and repul-siv- o degenerating drudgery a man IL half chance. a till ;Wait giving get surroundings that; they shun. ; , No W(H along, and then: If .Iain' f worth; listening to man who is worthy, the lovo and respect of go to sleep,, but don't before, rcommencef a. true man would shirk. tho; labor ;andr re yrriij sponsibinties of , hi3 :callingv ' whatever it givca man a chanccV: iln'i and; thero is no (sensible bno that "Does your arm Tpainyou?V, tasked 'witty might bp; would not prefer anc educated, welUbred; Aberdeenlady of a "genUeman , who, at "a robust farmer, to a pale, sallow, ' nenfous party, had thrown his arm acrbsi tho ;back man. qrher chair, so that it touched her shoulder, professional .Cultivated, unselfish manliness is more 'Noy madam, it dosn't pain nie;' but . why desirable in a husband than effeminacy and do y)uraskrOh and "because a. man dislocated;5 sir; that's nHJV Tlie arm wasre- - gentlemanly leisure; iaiggrd?-because.tollsneed hoy bo a ho jLrlL:. va! plows and ; hoes; need lib be boor ?Becauso WiLLiASrMT J2varts tclIintriis'poof storv: hoj tills the "soil and cleans need A few sumnier3sincei at tho urcrent reauest about at and sit his fireside go of oiie of his "younger daughters,fhe sent'up With tlid'lth and the smell clinging.to him? to his country place in Vermont'; a donkey h!s life.ls a life of laborj'necd he for her uc She had read: about (donkevs.1 spend Ills rainy y days', and 'winter evenings but was not famllkr with their peculiar V6 in lolling-- ' and dozing, and live :'and die in calism. The animal's strange noises Inspired Ignorance? - ? ; ? , , - ilell, .wiDE-awak- : .toil-harden- d, 8r t soul-clevati- ng g, i . " moved,... ;tho:-stable- s he-forev- er ausb 1 as, j iv-- ed i 