Vol. 3.-- . .. Vn SALT LAICE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1874. . 19 ( exercised to meet its present numerous obliga' ' ': T tions.'.;"' about our Sun-da- v words few to add venture a I 0hu,bct:5;-1874,:;:' Our averaere attendance Is fifty, nhnnl. ronton from flv to fiftv vears of ane. v I have jrekdcnt.J2righamY three boys and nine girls, who read In t am a cs? of Hah Thinking.'you would like to know.how Tifmint- - Thev are learning progressing with my department of the Hawai- ? welLand are punctual in attendance. With the ian Mission, I send you the following report; or two, tney are pupiis irom m uaj I am very happy to state that, after 'unre-mitti- exception j z. : school.' in succeeded have I " perseverance, as as far I know, and children The people, a good English school on Laie. and as they express it, towards feel welt me, We arrived here on the 3rd of June, 1873. "Aloha nui ia oe." They wish me totoremain On the 16th I commenced my sehooj with four .IX make it a speciaL point study them. native children; In a few days thefnumber In, with in order to know what course to creased to seven, Since the first of January, their character, with tliem to result in the most good. .1 ' 1874, the average daily attendance has been pursue am well pleased with my mission here; the twenty; hi On i tneiCth of June, just, one year time passes very pleasantly; the climate agrees from the opening of my school, I had a public with 1 am not in the least degree examination and exhibition., . There were pre- home my health; and am willing to remain here as sent one of the school agents of this district, the lonff assick, can do Wod long district judge,many of the parents and friends as I am Idesired ; to . stay. of the pupils, also ' Bros. .Mitchell, Cluff and xxo Brother Alma u. femuii lias aniveu. Kichards, and siscer Mitchell. The number of is well and feeling well. , , 24, including three of Bro. pupils present ;r was commences Our Conference :''.-?. .. ., .. , M'a children. We are all herenow; the young brethren have : The exercises consisted of spelling, reading, returned from thir fields of labor on the other writing mental and written arithmetic, and islands to attend conference. They are feeling geography, also: recitations and dialogues and well. We are all well and in excellent spirits. singiug.. The examination lasted five hours, Please remember me kindly to your family including a short intermission at noon. During and the brethren in the offices. the whole of the time there was not a failure. ever attend you. May peace and prosperity The native children deported themselves in a M. E. IUndall. News. manner that would liave been creditable to a Bro. Mitchell's little more enlightened people. from school its .the attended have girls FACTS AND FIGURES. They have made rapid progress in their studies. They passed a good examination of a higher grade than the natives, and were A Devenport (Iowa) man lately shi ppcd exhibition the quite a ueip to mea in gettingofup 2300 harrels'dr onions for the East Profit, on the number also pieces ' played They r 7: ; r ; which added much to the entertainment. $1.60 per barrel. Tire-Frenpeople produce more eggs At the close of the examination, Uros. Mitchell district the school . agent, and Cluff, the j udge, than any other and ship millions of them to made some of the men plact and other leading the pupils and England annually. to addresses very appropriate "W. P. Anderson of Albany has recently their parents. All expressed themselves well pleased with the progress the pupils had made been awarded a patent for a clod crusher of AN IOTERESTING LETTER , - V " V-'-- v n ' v For the Exponext. A LESSON ON MATRIMONY. v- : og ; : ea-tablis- . . -- ? 4 to-morro- w. ; eserct nt. or-ga-u, - ; tumn encouraged them in their English stuuies, andBro. Mitchell has school. to continue at the school a sucto make the done all in his power. to the people, both id pubcess. He has talked lic and private, telling them of the advantages to be derlyedlrom atfEngUsh education. The rest of the brethren have: iendered' what assist:. ance they could.: r. not been a suchas school Fiuaacially, the cess: those who patronize it are generally poor, and alter having paid government and school necessaries of taxes, and getting the commonthe payment of life, they have but little left for them twenty cents per school bills. I charge five cents cheaper is which week per scholar, same that have grade than other schools of the I am here But assistance from the government.on a mission to benefit the people all I can, aud not to oppress them . by charging exorbitant I only want a prices for what I do for them. economical most style. living, and that in theall of the English schools As all or nearly are receiving subsidies- from the government, Brother Mitchell thought it advisable lor me to apply to the Board of Education for some assistance I did o, and corresponded with the President of sdd Board. He replied that when closed, the present session of the Legislatuie case would a have my would meeting,and they ' ' . V eVTJ be considered. V V called was in I Honolulu,and Not loiig.fcinee on Dr. J. M. rimith, the .Secretary of the Boarl of Education. I had a very pleasant interview with him; I gave him a report of my school, with which he was much pleased,, and said he would- do all he could to procure assistance for me; Since that time I have received a letter from him, stating that he had presented my case to the Board at its meeting, that it was duly ellorts to promote the educatioual interests or the couutry were duly considered, and that-m- y appreciated, but the means at present under its control would not permit of any new; outlays, aud that the strictest economy would have to be ' j honey-moo- n. ; , i jMORAIi. Hoi young, men atic!' maidens. heart ;Mark their course and persevere. Fear yo riot, ye tardy men , that a day approaches when Judges will do all the courting, and arrest you for such sporting?! Then as days grow cold and colder, wax yo' lovers bold and bolder; make an earnest, suro advance, while you still may have a chance, ami 1 see there's one objection to that sort of fond connection.IIov, your purso string oft ; relaxes. now for debts, donations. taxes. Never mind if you're expert you can buy a . Therefore, let your spirits soften "marry you ng and marry often ; " take a mutual friend's .advice, never stop at weddiujr shirt. once or twice. S. . . Fidei Defensor ;" ch . Will you, me one kindly tavor do? Publish this meek note I send, of a pleasant lady friend. Dear Electa, fair and gentle Ah! I'm growing sentimental! 'Well,: tis this, she's married now; she may tell you would I bo statwhere and how. Only this ' ing, 'twas a happy time for mating. All their friends are now declaring, since she's taken to Manwaring, both seem happier than ever, both arv wiser and more clover; both as bright as rosy J une, 'mid their au- -- tothe-pecplerorii- s com-menceme- Mrs. Editress:' liCUyNov8th,'l874. . . . - MY ENGLISH HOME. Editor "Woman's Exponent: I believe every Englishman, : his own invention. arid more There is an orchard fifty years old in particularly every English wpmau who has of England, will agree Risley's Mirror Sonoma county, California, and some of the seen Jl f 11 il ' a aescrves wiLajme inaino trejesare rno wnose to do cunning TniS public school children of California hand aavertiSQa. those artist completed paintings, has, in my contributed $1,780,44 to the Lincoln Monueyes, ach ie ved a glorious work. Th ey are ment; dedicated by President Grant at true to life with this exception if I make ' Springfield, Ills., recently. any almost too mucn Drimancy or light of Tiie Chicago Public Library, founded coloring may have been given to some ' of just after the great fire, has now 40,000 h vol- the views. But thi3 13 well, whero America's children are to bo entertained; they beumes." It is supported by a tax of of a mill, which already gives an income of ing accustomed to", clearer skies in general," . and perhaps more gorgeous day dawns and $65,000 a year. TnEREare about one hundred millions of sun sets, than the native Britain While watching those scenes unfolded in people on the face of. the globo who would and . sublimity,' I could regard the loss of their daily cup of coffee life like loveliness in mind but frame the wish that every my as one of the g'reatest'pnvatidnVihey' could endure, although it is only, for.. the last two English man or woman in our Territory, have the privilege of beholding them' hundred years that coffee has. been gener- could T rllfl. Oh thr.?n""f:irhntir Rnnnos! Mir ni ally known to the civilized world. country ! My country ! My fair, sweet beau contains Insane The Washington Asylum tiful English home! I: shall never return to at present fifty patients, nine of whom are you in the flesh! My mortal will females. The rate paid to the contractor, never morq survey your sacrea eyes ex- bounds, Mr. Harmon, for their keeping Is ninety-on- e cents per day for each patient This in- earth is the Lord's and the fulnes3 thereof.' cludes board, clothing and washing.; The adu wneu ib iias aa Deen reaeemea, ana is Territory pays for medical attention. given to the Saints for tlieir passessiou, a lit- who knows but I shall have an inheritance Crusoe's Island is. said to ba t A Patriot tle Paradise. Lord planted there,on one of there? his voyages apples, peaches, grapes, Miss Cora II. "Wilkes, of Allegan, ha3 plums, strawberries and several kinds of was of the number latter filled a bookkeeper's position with signal vegetables. The David abil a Dougincreased by Scotchman, ity in the ci ty National Banlc- of that pLico for several years. las, who landed on the ibland in 182G. - : . A.m ' A. . m grana-panoram- L one-fift- , , ;'. ! , o-d- ay .'. t 