: ?SSS WOMAN'S E X PONE N T. 88 ! rPENND SCISSORS. ziMriOT : ) 7 - A small Milwaukee boy thinks H absurd angry witJi Ul - ! U II WW ,WA Is. ono l: i : , mM. W lb & W I 11A illllli kill w AJ ; ' t iUiUJlllUU WW V VS W 1 - IUMVUIUU Tt MVM I A WT 111 UUU TTUAVIU isnot fard yio AVJWAO nLlllL'iii stab III 111111 bnly:iysj$2fa pdr:fpr;4slipper8.. madness, or disgracing him in the presence of his foes. But so to love a man that you advertises fb? a cetensbS CT A -- & A. lii3 mother ;h - a kXiikied arrbrthirteet .world. UU it lucnitive tothe under- Drove it will - - hiehlv ' V " A - of the latest social developments of taker. V .. T I h m, alone A. - ,?f- 8in pon ,flee to go B A S . mW mrm, speak painful .A .1 A S 1. friendship, and a friendship as 'rare as it is Tittcrt2 arft two reasons whv some Deoble precious. Few, indeed have such friends. Is one business: mind thelrown don't they weav Our friends are apt to pet us,.a"d praise us, , A scHOOLfor teaching spinning and the is other and that and flatter us; and : j ustify us in all we do, Jng is to be established in tho Canton of haven't any business,I and tell us that we are fight, when 'I''"we are Zurich, and a sum of 200.000 francs has they haven't any mind. . been subscribed for its endowment. . Dubinq a hurricane i n Kansa s, the coun ton. "has been married with a congealing as but do not for fear they shall hurt our j.ney aiiow.our enemies 10 np me typreasurer became so terrified that he ac- - heart, and one that beats desponding to her lufimgs. from our faults and show us what knowledged a defalcation of $1,500. After own, she will never want to enter the mari- - coverings we are. .If friends would reprove us more', ; time state Jigain. the wind had subsided, ho deniedit. " r .;, enemies would wound us less. Do you wish v, . . x' a . . - v against a fence, where he exner.fed to tml you do so beiore you are il ; I I - : - - ' ir, an-sti- French statistics show that there nre cities of fifteen thousand inhabitants in iht country without a physician. The same also Indicates that tho figure per centum of is where there are fewest mortality lightest aoctors. : The other day a Brooklyn policeman, in making out a charge against an arrested party, wrote: "The prisoner set upon me disorderly, and called me an ass, and a pre- cious ruffian, and an idiot all of which I ceitful." certny to De true." Discontented Cabby (to ladies, who wishing to get rid of their small change, H. DIN WO OBEY nave tendered him one fourpenny piece, two threepenny ditto, one penny, one Wholesale a Ketail Fubnitube Dealeb. : two and penny, farthings the sum total I Larffe&t Assortment in Utah. to his amounting proper fare: "Well 'ow He h as rernored his Furniture trom Main Bt.to his three long might yer both a' been in saving up "": ;: storey Brick Store,; w o, ? . ; Late advices from Montana represent that small bands of Indians are depredating about tho mouth of the Musselshell. A par-ty of woodchoppers were murdered, and man burned at the stake. Setting Bull's band are charged with" the last named crime. V rx'-- -I tell them to me. thouch" at your faithfulness? Will you refuse to! be an enemy, and not allow yourself to be counted as a strancrcr. butT keen on In faithful dealinc till you have Won X greet you andwel-me to the right? lIf-scomb you, for "Faithful are : the wounds.of a friend, but the kisses of : an' enemy are de- - rirx; A Detroit young woman tried to be : half-anoth- er : - ; isuorixmh. . FIRST SOUTH ST., BLOCK 'WTEST OF COENEII. aristocratic and did not look at the money The other day a minister offered prayer that she save the horse he meekly gave her: back the lozenge on young reporter bustled up and said: "I TT WALLACE I wish which was written "I'll never nncA i., H tho best, Urgo t and purest stock of confec- thee, and said that he was an orphan with I tnat prayer." "I never write out my pray- uueuiDe preacner. said I tionftrv in 6lt lake c!tr. Just the ulace for ladies be Well," s r nnn.na T cuiuuu tha icywiici, near a wora you to purchase. said." wasn't "I There are now living in Bhehoboth,Bris. praying to you," quickly the parson. : Jj tol County, Mass.', about persons who responded thirty CLUB BATES! V are eighty years of age and upwards, in a population of two thousand, a circumstance A WOM AKS 1 VENTION. 'Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part of which few towns can boast Mrs. Phebe of the Publishers, to increase the circulation of the ' . ..... . uuocicj wno on tne liith of July completed ?:i ir lU0 ecnanics' UjxniDition, now going ExTOTXXT and aid in promoting the objects contemn Tier elphtv-flft- h W truly kn'expo- 0n at 1 Of SWinff'wdv " "uuuruu aras 01 fir carpeting. the entrance to the Faneuil gallery is a them rtd by them, and its columns enriched vith a Mrs' ' Woodhull crossed the continent handsome bedstead, constructed of black wWdj circulated expression of thdr thoughts, we offerliberal terms to dubs for the present roithe with free passes for all her NValnut and elaborately veneered, and is ameJfollowing the says party? " V : ' : SanFrancisco"Chronicle." "And ehn ouite a consninuoiis nhnt if rnfvw money matters at the Golden date in charVfi deserves, a large share of attention. The 1? copies;;-- year with a copy to the getter up of the club. moo . I ' ' nnnnllna! 4... r t vuu ine uetroit "Free juugc,; 01 lur- - 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter article Presq" of np "X i, V nln, i yest nere we don't get red : 26 00 "wva uiuiug pact; aui i 20 me tiuii. a to with ?the ears and holler: Who paid the naiuuuiea, uuu is supposea to the l'yea'rV of getter secrete tnem, copy copies, . up 1 . f I uuccjuu, kuu n. iremcu icn euraTinguz i.o beyond the reach of a burglar, in a set of inches, of President Brigham Young, selling MUrtuwm fcuu went.'7 drawers which occupy the, space generally i'oor Vic. I - Zi 00 price, t'2.5Q ; ;' . wasted between the sideboard and beneath SO copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the mattress. There are two laree drawers - the club, and a superior first proof steel en- - ' graring of Prekidcnt Brig bam Young, hand on each side of the bedstead which can be ' 43 00 somelj framed, selling price t ..,v..- -. opened like a bureau, and two smaller re A coop suggestion is like a crying baby ceptacles constructed between the aforesaid Clubs can be commenced at any time, and additions it always bo carried out. drawers, access to which can only be trained can be made after the Crtt list of names has been sent. Getters op of dabs thould notlf us f their Intentions m- oy removing the mattress und .springs, and so thsVwe can credit them with all j names sent In.: ' conundru, in uu5U uvuryDoay has to which the valuables are to be supposed give it. un In all cases give the name and residence of each sub has been placed. This novel contrivance SlN,CE beginning of the temperance Invented ' and 'patented by Mrs. Benjamin scribei, plaloly and correctly written, with the tiine each subscription Is to commence, and whether for mmcd t0ti,dtoruyiauies 1,ave bcenad- French! a Boston lady, who is deserving of awhen ' ' whole or half year.' for her Ingenuity. Arrangements praise is diflerenco between a church have been made for the manufacture of this Money can be reiaitUd by registered letler 'atthe risk f ihe publishers. .' organist and the lnfluenza?One knows piece of furniture, which will be known r "I by the stops and the other stops the nose. the name of "The Boston Bedstead . nnd Subscribers desiring the address changed from .one ' "Ani" yawned abachelor, "this world Is its practical utility will soon be demonstra- Post Offlce to another should send us their former, as ;r well as their ew address. ted. "Woman Journal. but a gloomy prison.' "To thoso in solitary We hope and ladies throughout the Terriconfinement," added a witty lady. . tory. esocclsBT Presidents and 02cers; of Belief Socle A TEST OF FRIENDSHIP. ' A Thoy woman tays that.if death lovei a ties will aid ns by getting up clubs, by brlngiag the Ex that has he roxxxr fatoraWy to the notice of nonsabicribcrs and not lliln It l8one of tha Rfivnwat her husband's noso before this. otherwUe using their Influence to iacrease ltsclrtula- w.ieu a man of his faults. are Uon and usefulness. i CO-O- P. , : rJr-::r--M- vA 1 ' . . . lilt, ' iv a. "r op-.u- : . ' . .ecessary . . . . ' . I A Jt l-- 1 A . : . riSl. . . - - : : ! . : . , that-agent- . m jB! sinr fto w - s m r-i- aA If-yo- u . . . . ; , 