WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 165 energetic1 of Zion were unanimously sustained by vote. the past winter season notwithstanding We also note that "A number of . young men the were called and sustainediy the Conference to its severity, in preparing to push-forwa- rd work on their new Tabernacle .when the. fiue labor in the several departments of the Co-o- p " weather opens. Several thousand tons of rock erative Institution," which, in that locality, and a large quantity of sand have been hauledi has become one of the most successful and in the country; and though About enough, it is believed, for the foundation money is not very plentiful, the people are and walls. .. and comfortable. --The si n ce our las t issu e has prosperous pall of sno w one if of the deepest thnt been without doubt THE NOISE OF CHILDREN. has occured In this city since it has been settled being nearly if not quite two feet deep. The There is too much fussing about the noiso of storm, with, brief respites, continued for several consequent upon too little knowledge of the days. The last few days of fine weather have reauiremcnts of youth in its effervescing state. If THE SEX. The people of Logan, have been v . self-sustaini- ng - .. Queen Victoria is said to bo writing a book, tho sceno being laid in Germany. The Baroness Lionel de Rothschild is said to be the author of "From January to December. It is said of tho mother of Chang and was so largo Eng, JhelSiamesjL.Twl that when she died the sides of the doorway had to bo cut away to enable the coffin to pass out. - ( ., :auseI4iow - grov&anthi VV disappear. The Z. CM. L Retail boot and shoe .department is being moved from the --"Big Boot, 'on Main street, to the Wholesale Dept., just west of the Eagle Emporium on First South St. The Retail business is to be carried on in the front part, and the Wholesale in. the sbuth or rear part of the building. Both departments will be under the charge of Mr. Rowe. -- A young Men's Institute has been organized in the 19th ward of this city, The following brethren were elected as officers George Neb- . eker, President; James Watson and Geo. D. ACarlson SecNebeker, retary; Wm. Ridd, Treasurer; Millando Pratt, J. M. Watson, Christopher Alston, Elihu Bar- rel, Joseph Mathews and Alfred Solomon, Directors.., We hope its members will be as successful in their efforts for mutual entertainment and improvement as the members of other kindred societies have been. JVice-Piesiden- The ts; been marklast two or three weeks hasover a. wide ed by heavy storms extending range of country, and the snow has been unusually deep in: many localities" throughout these mountains. The Central Pacific railroad was blockaded twice in the Sierras, when the snow was reported to be at one time,fron twenty-fiv- e to thirty feet deep. The heavy drifting snow has also impeded travel, over the Utah Norlh-re- n R. R., sleighs having been used to convey porpassengers and mails oyer the blockaded countion of the road.- - Reports from different ties show that stock have suffered for the want of feed; especially where they have been turned out to subsist on what they could find in the mountains and on the "ranges," many have died through cold and starvation. From the 'iOgden Junction" we learn that on the 13th ult., a grand Sabbath School Jubilee was held at Brigham City, Box Elder Co., in theCourt House hall which was elegantly decorated for the occasion. The morning hours were devoted to recitations, songs, and other exercises by the scholars, and addrcssesj by and eveprominent citizens. The afternoon Superintendents ning were given to dancing;1 and Sec'y J. C. Wixom, A. Madsen, C. Kelley their T. H Wild, with, others, doing all in and pleasure power to promote the well being 14th, of the participants Also on Saturday the for that and Sundaythe loth, a Conference President Stake was held at the same place. Lorenzo Snow, of the Twelve Apostles, presided over the meetings which were densely .crowded.notwithstanding the inclementn, weather. The choir conducted by' Prof, to with their sweet music contributed one. The make the occasion a very interesting dedifferent branches of the Church and Institution, in partments of the excelthat county, were represented. Much lent and practical instruction was ...imparted by authorithe various speakers, and the general ties of the Church, and of the' Box Elder Stake - r"""" .. Fis-bur- Co-operati- ve I -- , - . - inirs, children cannot make too much noise. Th( who enforces silence; on her pupils is wmmittm g, unintentionally, of course, an offense against reason, worthy only of a convent. Every burst of laughter, every shout, nay, every moderate fit of crying conduces to "health, by radidly filling and emptying the lungs and changing the blood rapidly from black to red that is, from death to life. Andrew Combe is a great authority on such matters, and he tells a story of a great charity school, where the pupils were forced to be so silent that a large portion fell ill. Without doubt this is one good reason why children with delicate constitutions cannot go through our public schools without breaking down. They are kept Job still. Often too, teachers are disposed to insist on a posture so erect as to be absolutely injurious; for the body has more parts than one, and while to sit so upright is good for the chest, it is, if long continued, an intense strain oh the spine. The truth is, children should net be subjected to monotony of any kind.' They should speak and he silent, sit erect and loll, very much as nature inclines grown people to do. It is time that more attention is paid to the Kindergarten system in schools, and less to the State's prison . one so generally in vogue. Ex. school-mistre- ss . At the Annual Commencement of tho Baltimore College of Dental Surgery, Miss Louise Jacobi, of Berlin, Prussia graduated with highh.oaor;Il?eirg. among the first m anatomy and chemistry. TiiE hamea of the four Swedish girls who are attracting so much attention in Paris by their quartet singing of Scandinavian" thirty-fourt- h mWdies7arei HiIdaWidebarg,-MariQ:Peterr-se-n, Amy Aberg and Wildelmina Soeder- - Iund: The will of Miss Bettio Bates was probated at Indianapolis. It disposes of a : quarter, of a million of property; $150,000 she bequeaths to her relatives and friends, and she provides a fund of $100,000 for the benefl t of the poor of the city,- - : jf :1. -- -1- Miis. Dr. Helen W. Webster of New Bed ford, has accepted the position of Professor of Physiology and Hygiene and Resident Physician at Vassar College. Mrs. Webster has been very successful as a physician at New Bedford, and is represented to bo well qualified for her new position. Miss Landseer has presented 100, to the English Lifeboat Institution as a memorial of the regard her brother, Sir Edwin Landseer, had often expressed for the Instir. tution mcanora igreat as-t- ho and noble work on the coast of the British Isles. STRON(T CHESTFOirWOxMENAND CHILDREN. The Princess Pierre Bonaparte has arrived Having been reduced almost "to poverty by the fall of the empire, she determined to try and gain her own living, and in Paris. Dr. Susan Everett's lecture last week, at Eobin- son Hall in New York, to ladies, on "Strong Chests for Women and Children," callea lortn a large auai-encMrs. Everett chained the attention of her hearers to the last. Her 'bright sayings and prac tical and 1oftcn"une marks to those present, were pleasantly received and several times applauded. 'Airs., Everett briefly introduced her subject by calling attention to the Venus de Medici; the proportions of which she approved, with the exception of the head, which ehe The model head excalled "almost a deformity hibited was afler the phrenological pattern spiritualized. Statistics show that only one man in seven has a chest proportioned to the rest of his tody. Mrs. Everett hazarded the assertion that only one woman in twenty possesses a properly developed chest. Corsets, the most delicate whalebones, she very emphatically asserted, are deleterious to health; Large numbers of women are Women can materially increase the size ...of their chests by paying due attention to a proper mode of breathing. The nose only is the right medium for conveying air to the lungs. She discouraged the cultivation of plants in living rooms.- - She advocated large supplies of fresh air and gymnastic exercises for chest development. Women who inhale and exhale correctly, have more enthusiasm; they possess a fine carriage, provided they do not wear American womn are enthusiastic, corseter-Becauthey" are the handsomest women in tli3 world. Foreign women, as a rule, become too stout, arc too 'phlegmatic, too - cxpressionles?. "Woman's e. "chest-foundere- d' set up a dressmaker's establishment in Bond St, London, which is now in a thriving state. She w.ent to Paristo make purso -- chases. , A Maryland lady, Mrs. B. H. Conway, of Frederick County, who has established a reputation as. a contractor for "fills" and "cuts," has filled several contracts in.Penn- sylvania, been awarded a $100,000 job on tho Western Maryland Railroad, and now takes the work of excavating a tract in Baltimore for building sites. Queen Victoria is gradually recovering from the grief of her widowhood. For a Conlong time after tho death of the Prince sort she could not bear to touch a piano, (lid she even allow one to bo opened In presence. Now she has resumed her accomplishment, and plays duets with nor her old her : Princess last remaining daughter,-thtrice; and Gounod has arranged some of the music of "Jeanne d'Arc" as a duet for the Queen and her daughter. The education of native girls in Indiasosatisfactorily in spite of the excial prejudices against it. In a recent amination or the "Free Chu rch - Orphanage six girls out of ten obtained sufficient marks to have put them in the first division of the University list, and some of the examines Journal.' were Hindoos. Similar results have been girls pass the You may glean knowledge by reading, obtained in Madras, where tho for certificated but you must separate; the chaff from the government examination 1 schoolmistresses. wheat by thinking.' o Bea-- so . -- if 