, r u a i 'j i- a a m m m 'mm am ..... ,;. m 7 Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, TJTAHj June 3. No. 1. s 1.874. my mind was opened, and -- the Lord ghowedme the time when the Saints should istry.'' inherit thoTearth, when the; Spirit of- - the .. One strange fact in relation to literature we see our Lord should bo poured out upon them,and Dietary idiosyncrasies. is, that a number of English writers have friends freely indulging, with benefit instead the Kingdom and the greatness of the Kinggained -- reputations in America before re- of harm, in kinds of food. which experience dom would be given to them and they ceiving any attention at home; too painfully assures us we can eat only with should possess it forever. This has often that Naturalists have lately decided that certain injury. Tothis fact the attention of been a great consolation to mesine And cIeTaTe time, in days of poverty and distress. . hours! have never doubted I been ascertained, are endowed with Cbleat-on and of the folly insisting petty tyranny that theLoWwouidtidorjiS' Saints Ihg voice but the adults are utterly power-- children .which theymam- what He then showed , me Ho would do. : eating fofor less, so far as utterance is concerned. They But I wiii:tell you further of His goodness. tome at that time. How true it Is that H never forsakes those Who trust Jn him or or Tu i to eat fat. certain he refuses r k iA.-- n r eggs, ; a sis There was a;good Samaritan at "wholesome" and puddings, ter living about three quarters of a mile the mouth as vegetables whole internal; structure matters should from me was impressed' to come and see how such even a in nrfvan in nrn a cmnd rmftdv for Now, caprice. ihA nfflintfnnq nf nmA mn who find such not be altogether slighted, especlanyvhen I was getting, along, knowing that. I twas takes the form of refusal: because this alone with my little ones. In obedience to great annoyances in the tongues of women, it and think they should not speak, would; be caprice is nothing less than the expression the Impulse she came- - bringing with her a to reside a while with a family of.croco of a particular and; temporary state of his prairie chicken which they had caught in a r: d iles organism, which we should do wrong to dis trap. It was all dressed ready for cooking, refu3al: Is con and she was not long in making me some regard. A little four year old girl, of Indiana, stant; it indicates a positive unfitness in the broth7Just?what my weal and delicate state named Bosa Mansfield Evcrsole, is reported food. Only: gross ignorance of physiology, needed.- And did I not thank my Heavenly to be a musical prodigy which eclipses all an ignorance unhappily too widely spread, Father and that dear sister for their goodSeveral meritorious can arcrue that because acertain. article is ness to me? Can I; doubt that God1 care others ever known. pieces of music from her "compositions have wholesome to many, it must necessarily be has been over His Saints, or that He will "already been , published in musical papers; wholesome to all. Each individual organ cease to care for them? 8. K. G. and after once hearing-aoperatic selection ism is specifically : different irora every on the piano she is able to repeat it. Will other. However much it may resemble ' For the ExrosEicr. shd be wisely induced by her friends to let others, it necessarily in some points differs MRS. WOODHULL. . music alone as much as possible, until she is from them. and. the amount of these: differ- older and stronger,' when she may become a ences is often considerable brilliant and powerful attraction to tne muShe is most decidedly a splendid speaker. sical world; or will the little heart and brain Listeninsrto her lecture ofMay-- J 2th,given load be encouraged to hoard and bear up in the Salt Lake Theatre, sras to me a grand - m A TESTIMONY. after load of melodious treasures, until they treat, so far as eloquence was concerned. sink and break down under too great a presThen, she evidently speaks what she has to To my Sisters, women of the Latter-da- y sure? Most likely the latter. It is usually Saints: I feel that my whole heart is in this say in all sincerity," believing that her state: .. so. Kingdom, and my soul rejoices in the Uni- ments all, as many of them most certainly ted Order that is being established among are, ponderous truths. Her correct showing this people. I think the time approaches of the general Ignorance of woman, coming HYGIENIC NOTES. which. ' was spokent't of by Malachi the Pro- - as it does irom a woman, ana spoKen io - .ml women, should assist' In rousing many to a To Bemove Substances from the ISye. their rmaklng To remove foreign bodies, from the eye- - between the' righteous and the wicked, be- - sensef woman to become earnest endeavors lid, take hold of the upper eyelid, near its tween him that serveth God and him that of the names of wives and mothers. worthy that we, angles, with the index finger and .thumb of Berveth Him not." My prayer is, Tho face of Mrs. W. as seen through an each hand. Draw it gently forward, and as as handmaids of the Lord, shall not prove, mis great opera glass, tells that she is a women ol sor low down as possible oyer the lower eyelid, in any instance a and retain it in this position for, about a work of establishing Gods Kingdom upon row, and acquainted with grief. And listentones and touching exto minute, taking care to prevent tho .tears the earth. Let us praytocontinually that ing her appealing the Saints, that planations, after she lia.1 thrown aside her may be given flowingout. When,at.the endof this time, judgment be enabled to take the kingdom notes, and begins to speak upon the impulse you allow the oyelid to resume its place, a they may I can bear testimony of the moment, one can feel that at some . flood of tears.washes 'out the foreign body, and possess it forever. deep wrongs which will be found adhering to, br'near to that this uniting together of the people is time in her life she has known -must have what embittered which have oi uoa; ior in ins mercy ana oy xiis noiy the lower lid. before Spirit, He showea me the Order, more than been a beautiful soul. Then arises women The notion twenty-seve- a years ago. The winter after the mind's eye a picture of French The Wear of the. Brain. ' .that those who work only with their brains we left Nauvoo, when we were stopped at when they gather in mobs for venganee; need- less food than those who, labor with Council Bluffs, and were destitute of even arid the thought occurs, "if they had such a ; their hands, has 'been TUio pause of untold daily bread, when our men had to go to woman to lead- them. What works of ruin would they leave behjrid 'them!" .Andif mis'chiet Students arid literary men. liave Missouri and work for a little corn and been the victims of a slow starvation con to keep their families alive, while the the American nation is in the state sho repfrom their ignorance, of the iact that meptal women would stay at home and pray and resents it, a vast body of corruption, :who the latter they were sometimes obliged can tell' when the seething mas3 may arise , labor, causes aS much waste of tissue as an fast " of equal amount of muscular Jlabor. The.ira- - to do, I can speak for one at least then we arid devastate this whole nation? ; lleigns r brain as a working organ Is trusted In the Lord we had nothing else terror may not be confined to France. portance of the " shown by the- - amount : of blocdit receives, to trust In One day Igot so faint and weak ' e !lhan that of I had to lie down which is proportionately greater bed, and my heart ' was of tho out Onefifth drawn in prayer and supplication to other part of the body. ' any Miss Mary A." Thayer, who was recently blood goes to tho brain, though its average my Heavenly Father I began to think how 6f the weight of rnany good things .there were in the world, elected a member of - the West Bridge water weight is only, the body. This" fact alone would be suffi- - how many people lived in pride and luxury, School Committee, has been appointed Suneed more while others were famishing for tho corn. perintendent of Schools by her r cient to prove that ' : who are all men. food and better food than mechanics and monest necessaries of life. And the vision farm laborers. EDITORIAL NOTES. "Boston Journal of Chem Of in-lheJark- est ; 1 lrd d tw . x And:-wheneye- ra - : n ; 7 ; : . - ' a ' - ' . ern ihe-Importanco- ; ciraw-oacKv- xof in ? , 'i ; - ba-oft- en , " on-th- one-fortie- th brain-worke- rs fellow-member- s, r . 