WO MAN 'S am ong us cannot, possibly, raise the amount of fifty cents per month in cash, to be given for . HOME EXP ONE N T. affairs. 109 Salt Lake Cit, Nov. 23rd, Editor Woman's Exponent:; 1874. : the building of Temples, it is" possible for most The street crossings are being Improved at The following. Incident camo under my of us to do something else, which, in many in several differnt corners where, improvements observation, and is, I think, worthy of note. stances will be auite as well. The men who were much needed, by tho laying of plank I place it at your disposal. As my sister, labor on the Temples must be clothed and fed. crossings. Thanks to our City Fathers. Mrs. MellssaTKimball, rwasyreturning from - these in us of in country places who, Many Grass Creek Coal, from tho Old Church this city to her home in Parley's Park, she "hard times,", rarely have the spending of a mine, we find upon testing to bo of superior was thrown in company with a lady, appardollar in money, might save a few pounds of quality. This mine is1 now worked by Bishops ently of very respectable family, also very butter, a few dozen eggs, knit a pair of good, Cluff of Coalville, Richlns of HenefervilJe and quiet,intelligent and affable. She inquired, warm socks or pay In some other similar man Winters of Unionville. We received a sample on finding that Mrs. K. lived in tho Park, nerour persona-- oDiauons.. in some cases, a from Mr. Angus M. Cannon who is agent for it if she knew of a man named Pickard in that vicinity. My sister replied that she sister might have a little stocking yarn that in this city.' '! ,I. had known him for. some time, and he was she would use for that purpose, If she could get to Between News from St. George are the effect, that in a most pitiable condition. - time aside from the Incessant care of her young, was at times quite President Young's health is much better than drink and Spiritualism,ho helpless family. While her neighbor perhaps, when he left his home in this was an old said still he The and lady deranged. city, would take the time to knit the socks if she A rain storm of three day's dura fi lend of hers, of very respectable parents, only had or could get the y&ral XeV us be improving. tion was lately experienced there, which is had a wife and son who were very anxious neighborly, sisterly, meet and speak often one about him; that his brothers had written to another, learn of each others condition?, and Komething quite unusual for that country. him repeatedly but t last concluded ho was under circumstances such as I have mentioned, Theological classfs are being organized dead, as they could get no word from him. let one donate the material, the other the labor. in connection with the Sabbath Schools of the The lady, who had traced him to this coun agree- different Wards In this city. They are for the try, then confessed that sho was , his wifo Here, again, we should find ; able and beneficial. instructing of the teachers and larger scholars and had como to try and save him. Sho But If, for the money to be paid in as a Tem- in the principles of the Gospel, in a manner had sold the comfortable homo which sho ple offering would really be preferable, I think that will enable them to impart the knowledge had provided herself with and brought her in most instances, that by a little planning and they, gain readily to others;. and are-- calculated in, a six month old babe at tho timo her husband came West, now a lad fourteen pains taking, we might manage to obtain the to bo of great benefit. O ' : w: old. money for such articles as I have named. week a fair will be open years Christmas During man found without much difficul the She It is necessary that we bestir ourselves if we in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, unwish to be employed in the service of the Lord. ty in a saloon in Park City. Ho was asked of of the der Relief the management Society if ho knew tho lady and said no he had He does not and cannot patroalze idle servants, Ward. of useful A the great variety articles, She then spoke her own any more than business men and women can. and beautiful, will be onxhibition and for never seen her. name, which seemed to awaken him as if His work MU3T be done, and he will employ sale. Tickets will be issued at low prices, and from a dream; and he exclaimed, "My God I those who wixt doit. Not those who. pray a general invitation toyislt and patronize is It is my wife and sho has como to fl vo for the JCingdom to be built up, but who be- extended to tho public me!" lieve it impossible for them to practically proWhat a sight ho had become, so low, so mote its interests, when the Lord in great wisMajor Overton recently burned the entire and filthy, he was loathsome I dom and mercy has given unto tbem powers personal property of his daughter Alice; includ degraded She, after much urging,5 prevailed on him of mind and body whereby they might not ing her trunk, wardrobe, presents and keep to accompany her to this city where sho had only assist His cause but win for themselves sakes from dear friends, because of her leaving left their son. lie stated that shortly after seems to me home on account of the harsh and cruel treat he came to this crowns of Immortal glory. country somo one told him that it should be in the power of every woman ment she was there subjected to by her parents his wile was not true to him and that, had ciiRho driven him to drink and all that his broth- QniOifthecaD ' to or is able knit In who Utah. : work of Zion, and spin place ; ers could write him did not convince him kind other of do or work, or wash dishes, any that this was false. His wife not wishing Piuneas Richards, aged eighty-si- x Father Temof towards the to do something son to sco him in this state, gave him building years, died in this city on the evening of the tho to the a earn blessings 25th Ult. He was the father of money to get him a suit of clothes, which right ples, and thus D. F. Apostle heJook and went to a saloon for and privileges therein to be obtained. i i of ouoiu Young, rresfdentBrigham n4irao,c 11 XII reiwc-wXAn4 furthermore, if our desires to do grvai ana one. ei me mik iriy him to leave tho saloon and get him some to prayrto toTemaiued TTntiHhecfose of his mortal career,hc "hisson good are very intense7we"hWeonly: thea"PTesejitcd ilolhlngrSho wisdom the Lord in earnestness and faith, for firm in the faith of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, him. The sceno was a most touching one. to we seek the to good accomplish and ability which he embraced more than thirty years ago. One moment ho would look at his wifo and with first to set work, then and He leaves behind a largo circle of friends and son, tho next upbraid himself as unfit to bring about; our since our heads to devise the proper way relatives. Including many children, grand chil live. Ho at last consented to accompany our with hearts are already enlistedand then them away from hero to some place where dren and great grand children. must bedone. commence hands to do whatever of Mrs. Alice his depravity was not known and demise sudden of the news The woman the in V is no jjy these1 simple means everyof on Wednes life anew. Who can say there find stability occurred which Clawson, Young the man any stability in Woman? Where can you community who Is possessed at St. 2nd. George, Washington, hus- day, the Inst., that would cling to his wife through Good whatever, might," without troubling' her con to near many grief and Evil repoit," would cherish her memband about it, also subscribe for Woman's Ex- Co brought unspeakable who and known had relatives and also nections fourteen long years, hunt her ponent, andu find time to read it too: And n loved her best, and feelings of deep sympathy ory through from the lowest statO of degraj for her up, lift her pay for, the Juvenile Instraetdr' of Tbe friends. of circle daughter dation and try to save her? .Tho rule Is if until they were able to earn the subscrip- to a large B. 11. Mr. of wife II. Young and President Woman sins put 'her down and trample on M, G. H. tion money for themselves. commu herl But may wo live to sco this tho exClawson, she was well known in the was Yours Truly, nigniy respec ception, not tho rule. nity and as a worthy lady which remain ; It. M. Jones. NOTICE. ted. Among the kindred hearts to mourn her loss, is that of her agea motner, MOl- Will our Agents and, subscribers please take Mrs. Mary A. Young. She left also four youthwill What man must have his glass before he notice that on and after the first of J anuary, ful ton?, by whom the great bereavement h can do a died in the day's work? A glazier. 1875 the postage on newspapers must be pre- be most keenly felt. She r are mailed year of her age. a colt's pistol has six barrels, how many If paid, and at the office where they and send, barrels ought a horso pistol to have? instead of at the place of delivery; or make arrangements with their postmasters Burdett-Coutt- s a lady stands at tho hymeneal altar recently When Baroness The each for cents ten us. postage rent to her with her intended, you may know sho is about money prizes, "distributed fifty does law new This postal vKirlv subscriber? about to draw her beau Into a knot canters Loudon wagoners to of the own within all, prlnclnct not effect subscribers gifts "Gracious me!" exclaimed a lady in a r.Vnx'wlrivprsL who. nt an afternoon this county. "how should! know anything exhibition, satisfied their examiners that witness box, ocen wen careu ior aim about anything I.don't know anything had animals their box? Christmas to a ' What is tho key , ; i -- co-operai- lon 5 .. " v-I- - " 1 r ua. -- ehil-dre- thirty-sevent- A tur-ke- y. - ".: : humanely treated. , about?" - .; 