WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164 With such skill and order in all departments the Exponent commences its third year. So that she possessed, so far as I saw, iho (hnt we may be prepared to issue a sufficient The idea is gaininer grounds that the fre-- j model dairy on the estate. Hero, said to number of copies to meet the demands from quent use of fish as diet is promotive of myself, is now an instance ofthe ability of the beginning of the volume.' Many calls have brnn power.... ..Gilt and silver buttons for women to compete with men, which would been made for back numbers of the present collars and cuffs, fastening with a spring, are delight Mrs. Stanton and all the woman's volume, some of which we have been unabR SPLINTERS. " J rights people. Here Js then sweetest, the most complete dairy in the demnity of issuing a large number of surplu whole region; the best order, the most shin-fo- r copies. This d isad vantage both to the 0 urnal j d ing utensels, the"nicest and to its subscribers we wish to guard against in future; aud therefore give timely notice, in d .Disraeli and Sir S. Northcoto have been re- - which is not usual; and here is a order that those wishing to secure the fall volsmooth-hairesensibly-dres- s elected to Parliament without opposition . .... f white-armeume may do so by sending in their subscripWire netting is being introduced as a sub--1 cd, and altogether admirable, and to my tions before the time arrives for issuing the first becoming popular...... Two of the gentlemen composing a C ommittee of - the Common fVmcil of Boston, to nominate candidates Overseers of thePoorTcommend the butter-room-an- rosy-face- d, d, stitute-for- M lath as it requires less labor ismore con- - it all, commanding her men servants and it lr:ffrfoume4bifd . tinuous and is ; .. ,;Br Decaisne 6f J keeping every part otlie business in order. a Paris protests ga i nst the drinking of Wood j Alas! Mrs. Stan ton, she has d iscovcred a A GOOD PROPOSITION. as a cure for invalids, pronouncing if eqM absurd:anddisgustingYe should think going to marry sensible girl that sho is; Utah produces yearly an abundance of fruit so.. ....Immigrant wagons from Iowa were j and she is not going tomarry a dairy-fa- r of various kinds, still thousands of dollars are I crossing the Missouri river on the ice as late mereither. I doubt if any body in Califor as March 1 4 th......C6asiderable excitement nia can make such nice butter as this pretty annually expended by the people for canned has Sweed. Certainly every other- - dairy I saw fruits, jellies etc., which are imported from discovered near Carson Nevada...... Report seemed to me common-plac- e and uninterset- - California and other places. This is poor econ says, every white man who marries a squaw, ing after I had seen hers. I don't doubt omy. But besides this, by the great quantities in the Indian Territory is given 100 acres of that the young , man who had the art to of surplus fruit which is left to rot on the land....;. Church property is taxed in ; Textfs persuade her to love him ought to be hang- - ground or dry and shrivel on the trees and is far more im- - bushes, the atmosphere of cities is infected with Nilssori, Capoul and many others were to ed, because butter-makin- g sing at a concert given in March, by a com- - portance than marrying. Nevertheless, I impure and un who esome effluvia, which, as is miltee ot young ladies, in aid of the build- - wish him joy in advance; and hereby give well known, engenders disease. Miss Eliza R. Snow offers a suggestion, to ing fund of the Young Ladies' Christian it as my belief that the pretty Sweed is a Association of New York.. .. ..Oliver Ames sensible girl." the effect that the women might take the mat has been elected president, and E. II. Rol er in hand, and by find measures lins Secretary of the U. P. R. R. Co. ..,.The or preserving the fruit at home thus prevent h in America is at Santa T HE WOMAN'S EXP largest ing the waste and curtailing expenses. 0 Rosa. Cal.. cotton There are thirty-fou- r We doubt not,the hint will meet with general mills in Georgia. ., ..Mrs. B. H. Con way of favor, and be productive of good results. If L. GBEENE EICHABDS, EDITOE. Fredrick County,Md., is a prominent railroad such a plan were adopted .on a large enough con tractor...... in southern .Indiana the wal- scale, it would follow as a natural conseouenee in Salt Lalfo City Utah. Terras: hat more Published pains would be taken and better Ono copy one year, $2; one copy, six months, 81. Ion copies Vt, is proud of a young resident named fortherprice of nino. Advertising rates: Each square, eight qualities of fruit raised. And it would also Nelson, who has spelled down three school linos ot nonpareil space, ono time, Sii; per moLth, s.. cause a for the A SlnUSa Ar-- T necessity m t x starting of some useCampbell & Patterson General Agents East Temple street vjii xuim a uuku, Salt uiomtio ivuik limes Lake City. ful branches of industry in our midst, which-arFlorida, Jamaica ginger is extensively cu- Missa Cornelia II, Uorn, Fu?inegg Manajfeiv Offic houri now unknown in Utah. irom to U a, and from 2 to o p. m., oa Mondays anj ltivated..:.. .Santa Anna is seve ..... trinaTS. communications to old, and he is going to Mexico, the land of Address all businessPublishers Woman's Exponent, his birth and early glories, to spend his re- , Salt Lake City, Utah. HOME AFFAIRS. vii nci uiuiuiiig uujQfoiKiiuiiua guw must butter from' Ohio...... Methodism in Indiar SALT LAKE CITY, April 1, 1874. Ogde commemorated St. Patrick's day by a - as elsewhere, it is said, is becoming noted :' grand ball at the Junction Hotel. Tfor"its rsinging:;T.It"isjestimated"that)Ter A plank side walk has been put down in 1 NOTICE. 1,500,000 children are of school ago in this front of the Post Office; an improvement worcountry...... A daughter of the Earl of Gainsto Conference be The held in Annual this thy of notice in these times of slush and mud. borough, married her music teacher, came to this country and now resides in Virginia, city on the Gth of April next, will meet and St. Patrick's day, March. 17th, passed with-owhere she is known as Mrs. Blanche Mur- adjourn to Thursday, May 7th, at 10 o'clock any public celebration in this city. The ' phy...... ...In Amador County, CaL, a pure a. m. cause has been assigned to the unusually severe rBRioirAr ' quality of Alum is found in Ianre quantities snow storm. ..... in the form of incrustations on the rocks 7 George A. Smith, The Legislature of Georgia has repealed all Daniel II. Wells. ' Tun freighting of ore "over the Wasatch acts authorizing the granting or loaning of and Jordan Valley railroad has been increasing the State's credit to railroad companies lately, 'l ins line has a fair prospect for doing a NOTICE TO OUR FRIENDS. In Troy, N. Y, saloon keepers issue invita-- j large business during the coming summer. tions and provide, freo lunches for the temcalled In our last issue we published a few hints to The horticultural Society, a short time perance ladies.. ....A new "The Petrel," has been invented by Mr. corresp ondents, which we trust will be received since discussed the question as to which kinds of m it unapman, an j&ngnsn geniieman ;ine kindly, and be productive of the beneficial ef- trees are the most suited for shade trees in this remains of Dr. Livingstone, it is reported, fect?, for which they were intended. Will our climate. They decided that the best' sorts for will be transported from Africa to England friends please read them, and cease to send us general cultivation here, are the honey locust, at public expense., ....During a late storm, anonymous contributions? As an article can mulberry, box elder and black walnut. the steamshin "Sodm" was lost nn ihn nv not receive attention exceptwe are In posses from Newcastle to Port Said, and thirty perof the author's real name. We wish also Owners of city lots should take advantage sion sons were drowned. to state that obituary poems in memory of. pri; of.the present time to clean out or make water ditches in front of their property, thus prepar- vale individuals cannot be given space in the ng lor tne abundance of water likely to result columngof.JJia.JExroxiTr..therea'e..Q A MODEL DAIRXMAILV fronrthe melting snow5f; and also'contribu ting""" many received of that character, that it would o me neat appearance of our city. bo inconsistent to attempt their inseition in In. his Oilifornia CliarlcsNordhoff, travels, TIIe Ogden Junction strongly advocates tha lounu some model dain' iiirms- - In most of our limited srace. The time draws tpnr whinh our second volume to a close; and we necessity and benefit of a them men did the milking and also the brings public "library and to find our friends still In readiness to as butter making; but, alas! ho was captivated hope reading room for that'eity; also the erecting of sist In carrying on the undertaking which we a with one pretty face he met bv chance: good lecture-hal- l. An have engaged in for the general good. As many Association nas been Ogden City Library organized and formed "On one farm I found a pretty Swcedish, subscriptions as can be obtained, should be the nucleus for a library but it 'needs general girl superintending all tho work sent in before the first of June, at which time encouragement and support to become a success. um fire-proo- fs ' I ng, rose-bus- N-E-N-- geuu-ihonthl- y, 5 ... e m-- ; ut . . . life-boa- t, " T-- l " . in-do- or 