W O MAN'S E XPOENT. IT'S, - - THE BOSTON SEWING'- GlRLS. knew how tiiey;9h0uld I can't be selfish tfh'iti I see; these girls work- TiiieiR rmjuii life' described by ; oke ing so Dunaiy ana earning so little, ana alter an geiiing n wrong." i. WDTO HAS FELT IT. Well; I; couldnft stand 'it long; climbing V ri related b all Ibilo those. stairs, working like a mill Jiorse all wi g; was a; lady of The, godd;sense;.as the resu.lt or her personal ex- - day, made mo so weak that I had to give it T - - V.: that his country might call. him Father.7 If a child wunta a light to go to sleep' by, ' - 1 - -- -- : . ' . But thai is the way tho sowing crirls live iris:bf one bf 'tlie fcirge 'firms In Boston; ' When I .first came, here to Boston I did (and in ;6ne store 4n tho pity, their pay is xruiy, ua one pi .mem; saiu, ''. mey .not Jqavo cjuiio as jxiucii money as j. wumeu, ivao.) and, so thought I would Just! go" down to earn nothing and find "themselves." Then all dav loner. Kewincrl suwiheri wear aD4 t3 m7 sewing, !machinb and they?sit. Trrhi out. ruininsr health; and per see what ! could 'do atihat'wbrt. I didn' t' ing themselves all after their 'efforts driven to .wrong :neea to uo. jt jmtieuiariy, Decause I . could haps, "earn more money at 'taking 'cafe of the jslck, from7 sheer disgust at the fruits of 'doing -remember two very pretty, girls andy. jidespl-w'ijnor&j'use- d bitj'.bu t--1 who hadtworked there long and faithfully. went! more" t han half to see how the "girls of One them said to mo one .dav:. We !wbr ked and got paid and" were treated, So ' won't stand this any longer. .We. can make had to i took 'my machine ;and started- - 1 aniT more money and not work. so hard, and ..we to pay ior.avin'i'caiiicd up stairs, Oh, climb so. many Sightsthat when I arrived; I mean to do it." y "How??? said I. was not dt.to run a machine for: half an hour, never mind how,rone answered., I thought "VVell I supposed, .of course I should earn; in a iriinuto hoiv'thfev' were tempted. and talked to them'lonir and seriouslvi' but 6h iis Wuch!a,a:d$ 4HalJafdayL did dear! oh dear.' if bur ' fine ladies ' only knew not, want, to raise my' expectations., so put it, A3 tI thought, Iow,-an- d happiness and" 'honor., bf thought,, perhaps,, how tjie after I got "used to it I should earn hiore. many a yburiff ir irl Is stitched a way 'with They gave me a linen suit to make up; the their rufiles and hems, they .would bo more 7 stitching7bands7 rufflescuffsVarid "collarall merciful ;to their fallen sisters. , to be finisheoVcqmplete for salexipd the wo- . j And I suppose,: this morniner. both mem man said; to me (seeing probably that I bers, of the firm'ihave gone to church, and looked a3 if I kriew how-t- o sewp I suppose devoutly prayed forforcriveness of their sins. you can make two of j these, in day." I and listened to the prayer for fallen women am pretty used to sewing, wasa dressmaker and never thought or cared howmany of when I vas first, .married," but that rather these have cried for mercy at their door.; It surprised me two in a day ! Well,. I makes my heart ache to talk about it! You fbout woman suffrage, and you thought, 'bf course I shall get two dollars or may :.talk talk about dress reform.'"! will' crb for may more for them, and that will be doing pretty well. I made that one suit in a day, and anything and fight Tor, anything .'that will how much do you suppose I was paid for it? womerV 4hd get fiiir wages for "their .work. . ; .f . . . Seventy cents ! v .i . :s . "Homestead.". , And there were severity-fiv- e girls or inore, in that room, some young and pretty, many with no homes, and with their boardkrpajr INTEIiEStlNG I'ABAGIlAPns. " out of seventy cents a day. ; None of theni could make more than that, Proeessor CainiesaysTn reply to Proand many were wholly inexperienced, so fessor Goldivin iSmith's' argument against made 'much less. The second day I was "Woman Suffrage:" there they i'gdve'roo va "white ' wrapper to in,' and ,he;uls, '.'YERMOifT boas ts a "host of smart bid ladies. makVwith'msertion fetUehed " 1 - and ucks, laiid Jhai i6oI m e a dayland; a; among ;whom?rhe f61l6ttuu;.are.named: halft:and I.'Kad or it nihefy 'cents, while a nannau uowen oiiseinei, agea, niniy-iwowhiteiuit' covered with ruffles and inser- wifiof S. Bqyenis,'.;holdinglier own with tion, ytuch tookmo "three lays, brought the the 6th er 'young folks at' picking hopsay enormous price of $1.50. Then the i rig. v6rkd: Several days .this 'season, in! the were as field. Braqdon'h'as alfs."' jusrus Ityatt,' it does seem if 7 they of heart hardness for selected their always aged eighty-tw- o years,' who ; walked from no putting her reVidehcel a feV days ago, fo .Leicester, gave" the wforfc merely together or showing how it should- be done. a distance of sixmilesi and then wanted, to And .these pdb'i gtlpj jmubf whom had walk back.'tlie sarhe day. ' Vershire 'boasts of never even made their own clothes, had: to Mrs. Lucas, Iliiikiey,.' who is niheb;-tv- o put theso suits together as best they could, years.pf.Sge and has been spinnipg one place she spun often taking the best1 part t)f; the day, and if any mistake -were 'madei t had . to bo correct- twepty kiiots a day and lshit a largo mitten ed, tmd tho- wTork was. not paid, for when every daV,1 for eighty made wrong, or ..part was deducted ; One day.one ot tho nvy, girls came crying back '; As a rale thero exist Wo"living;'delcen(l-- i 'auto the work room; she. had finished the suit ants :in the soldiers of England. and put the sleeves in; wrong,, (there was no thors, artists; statesmen; no Is siichdescerjdahV pf'dhatfeer,4 .possible; wayjfor;aa inexperienced, girt A0 There; to S'pqhser,: to them and how tell do it,) she had, Butltprycien, Topp', rip Stiakespeare; out :andi putiirt again It mad ejoayA tort CwperGeldsrnith, SbtrByTari'br iloore ache to seer her cry. I thought; of , my. own I hoi one1 of Drake, (oniwell; ;Mon littlo girl, and I. put down, my work and bbrougW, ' Peterborough t; Kelson; not one ; helped her to do it, and showed her so she Of Stafford; Qrinond?0fedQhj Si'ot bh'e 6f Addisonf 'Swift would not make the mistake again. , , ' polej . Boli hgbrokei thalham , ij tt;; "Fox"; ; , JChen I told her tobring.every.Varmen Wfo: Burke,7 Graf tan or; Oann in g; ho t on e , of Bame, and I would tell 'not one' of gethert;and after a while all4he. girls did so, con, Locke, Newton, not one of and i helrdthemail; Hume, Gibbon . riot" ono of Garrick, ago. thcr . .."you won!te Hogarth,' br Reynolds;! John Kemble, or Edmund Kean. It would way,1? eaidrihe "foreworimn'to steadcare," said L I suppose if I worked be;casyUd"mak a similar Amerl!hri list, ily all day I could make two suits, for I beginning; with Waihiugton, of whom It id . ! , -- . J . - ', . ? ; . life-bloo- L d; ? 5 5 -- . T j . : -- , 87 f mrW c . -- . : f . , fore-womanr-a- nd -- cut-out- , - : itsey-eraldlffereniplaces,,"- days'ln-successio- male:-liheV"nithe;jgre- -- B her.-how?Pu- ( t or-'Dav- yf 4 it one. The sort of Spartan . firmnesa which walks off and takes away! the candle andshuts all the doors between" thehousehold cheer and warmth and the pleasant itif of evening mirth, and leaves a little son or daughter to hide its head under the bed; clothcs.and get to sleep the best it can, is not at all admirable. Not that 'the mother means to bo cruel, when she tries this" or that hardening process, and treats human nature as if it wero clay to be moulded into any shiipb she may please. Very likely she has no idea whatever of the injurytnnd sufc feringsho causes, or perhaps her heartaches; but she perseveres, thinkihgTsho is doing ' v v. ;t;- right. "If I were asked to name the principal element of weakness in the family as things, now stand, I should have no hesitation jn pointing to the want of sufficient, subjects of common interest betwten man and wo- -' man It is owing to4h"i3 thatmalrimpniaf engagements aro entered into so 'rarely 'on1 the basis of any broad intellectual syra'pa; thy, such as might furnish some security'for lasting affection and so often at ther.biddihg of impulses and fancies that do: not out-- r nyo ine noneymoon;ana ic. js owing xo, mo: saimb cause that so very largo; a proportion of the lives of most husbands and wives are; no spent practically' apart, with littlo . or obknowledge on the part of either of the jects or aims which engross the greater portion of the other's thoughts' and energies;?., . ; . 1 : . - ; Cnnipua.to relate, ; from the conclasiori of seyeral surgeons in th e G erman army that1 detriment to health and' oven death itself have resulted from tho practice of wearing leather shoes in wet weather, somebf the scientific societies of the Continenl have recommended the" 'manufacture" ofjwpoden laborers- and; shoes for soldiers, out-doothers who are obliged to bo abroad-with-but regard to the elements. An cxperien-- ; ced workman from Franco was a short time! since", called, to Germany to superi.nte nil; themanufacture of ! wooden shoes on an je2r' tensive !scale In the la tfbr . coun t ry. Th esq: af eTepfesented! as '.tiefng" light ahd", easy to wear, and are provided with a small cushion within the upper side to obviate any ;pres-- , ure, on that part of the foot; ' they are; also yaid to bo bf neat and pleasing appearance,' ' blackened or varnished; are madelargo' enough to " accommodate comfortable stock- aro furnished with leather etraps.; ings; and '' iUl" '' ,...-.- . c -u-' s?r- It is not every ono whose theory abou ten-- ' dorsing notes is as good as that of the small Scotch laird who was waited upon by a neighbor, to request his name as, an accom- modation, to a bill for "twenty pounds at v three months; ': ; ! ' . or - , . . . r : :- T.' 1 - - . ; , : "Na, na, I canna' do that." "Why for no, laird? Yo hao donoUho " dt -- . ln give r same things tor ither's.V rv Ali, Tammas, therms wheels within wheels ye ke'n'naething aboot. I 'canna. ; " . . ; do't "It's a sma' ' 'y "i'.;.'. ' affair to refuse me "laird." Weel ye see Tammas, it I were to pit my name till' t,.ye wad get the siller irao; 1 the bank, and When the timo? came xou rid ye wadna be.readyand I would hao to JayU; an then you arid mo wad ' quarrel 30 .we... as as as weel'quarrei noo, larig 4hr- may just n'llor'a ir m n rvArtnll ft "' j ; ; . - 5 : . - When is d loaf of bread laid to be :inlial2 ited? When "it has a little Indian in it. 