I t L WO M AFS. E X PON EN T. judge had laid it down that "infants canno vote, and that women are perpetual infants." She would ask them to bear in mind the influence of women in the civilization of the world, jahd jsay :iOhai judge was right in thus speaking of women, was it not true that the most important lessons a man could learn were learned at his mother's knee? And was it right that the law should teach him when he grow up, to regard his mother : as a perpetual infant? It had been proposed in the House of Commons that when a man was convicted of felony and sentenced to 'penal servitude he should be disfranchised, but Mr. Gladstone replied that it was not right to punisha man by giving him "life-- V longtJleeoral 2"thi37 - was though-toever.ei- criminalstat br was inflicted without compunction on a class of beings who had never broken the law. :an a IC6?j3Sri9re mistress, go to prison might-ro- his b for the offence, and then come out of gaol and help to make lasvs to govern the mistress he "had robbed. It had been laid down by authority that if a lunatic had a lucid interval at the time of an election, and was sufficiently "compo-nientis- " to distinguish between the dates, he was entitled to vote, but the law regarded women as never having a sufficiently lucid moment to vote; so that the law placed them intellectually below luna tics, and morally, below felons. As to the illiterate voter, they all knew the wonder ful pains that had been taken to secure his . . Yet, strange to say, an educated wo man was not allowed to record her vote. There was an old maxim that taxation and representation should go together, and that was all she asked for. In 1868 it was found that there was so much corruption in the borough of Bridgewater that a Royal Com mission was sent down to report on the sub- vote. ject7aiid"ihommittee-found:sa:iiiuch:-cor-rupti- on that they disfranchised the borough. 115 chise in, all our. parishes. Wo have poor- handed if man will not bring her forward law unions which have worked on the whole she will draw man back, for man cannot a to manner satisfactory the country. We vance himself from woman. After sketch-hav- e a franchise in our poor-launions, ing forth the programme of the Women's We have a corporation franchise, and, that Suffrage Society, Miss Becker concluded her franchise may bo said to have worked to the address by eloquently appealing to the audi- -' satisfaction of the country. I will ask any ehco to lise whatever influence they possess- man here whether he believes that in all ed to remove an anomaly which was all the poor-launions, and all the rious to the best interests of tho. ' w.j'wittuuuo, lucu'iiaywuoi conuucieu mem- - "Jjouon-uuardian- . selves with great propriety, and managed tho aitairs of their parishes, unions, and LOCAL NOTES. And I should corporations satisfactorily. like to ask him whether he would object to! nave - the - same franchise conferred upon While we contemplate them for the election-o- f members- - of the The" daivn of th vMrAW,fPon ;hww ad-m- w -- inju-parish- fL a " r. tu Ul.M P ... p .. . Ifnnsn nf .fnmmnncii fihn ir. ci " ri ' for would remind Mr. Bright that ages past experience, we,, and our friends, may stamp wuuien nau possessed tne irancnise in par uiJKJuiiti ijage a ueuer recoru, inan we nave leit ishes, anahat,byr recent rlegBM ' that of iany past yearr now possessed it in pooMaw unions and cor? upon " OUR KIND COKORATULATIOXS him whether he porations; She Would-asTo . ..: -- : I - mGmy-a&4imf- ; k rrTBTArs wart believed that in the parishes, the noor-launions, and the corporations, women had were married in this city on the 31st ult,Pres. not conducted themselves with propriety; J M ana .whether he would object to have the perpetual, anu ineir pathway strewn with flow-sa" " v franchise conferred upon them for the PI3- election of the members of the House of Mrs. Hattie Morris " Commons? She argued that in the days of 1Ias bccn elected recording secretary for the u u High Priests quorum.: ing" ye are blessed." a man voted secretly, according to his own will and pleasure, and was responsible to no Counselor Elias Morris of the bishopric of the one. The idea that the franchise -- was a 15th Ward will this jTear's) feast, or at his the table, aged, the infirm; the trust, had been done away with by the prac- - entertain, widow and the orphan of tho ward, tice of secret voting, and it was, therefore, Poor the and thus earn multiplied blessings, and honors, only just that each class of the community, who used formerly to influence an election, We are should have the secret vote. The passing To learn that the Bostonpleased centennial Tea Party of the Ballot Act had removed a greatob- - was crowned with the success that the occasion jection tovomen's suffrage. Mr. Gladstone and the times demand. Our sympathies are that his objection to it was that it would listed for all earnest workers for the public involve women in all the turmoil of contest- - weai ed elections, but the objection had now been w removed, for whatever else the ballot-ha- d' next door Wyoming. Larixnie done it had introduced order into elections. members of ? eIected Women were very much addicted -- to com- ' represenia- :tZ i mitting matrimony, but when they did so :"e ? the law treated them as if thnv hnd .mm. tives to Which the country is entitled. Mr. mitted felony. A criminal could not hold Blackwell says that is equitable becauso women property, and a woman from the day of her form one third of the population there. We query marriage became' incapable of possessing Ilow many women it would require to niake property rHThere England in wh ich some woman was not the equitable proportion to which Salt Lake shamefully robbed every day. By the Act County is entitled in our Legislature. w me " j day-(Ne-w -- -' en-sa- id : r rff Now the people of Bridgewater discovered that a Royal Commission was a very expensive luxury, and a rate of 3s. in the pound This rate fell was levied on the very heavily on a number of poor ladies in and they the borough who, were sent a memorial to the Home Office, stating " that as they liad no votes theyVshould not be called upon to pay for the faults of the men. But Mr. Bruce replied that it was not in the power of the Government to release them from tlie imperial and local taxation to which ferredall her liabilities tocher husband, bat That the Florence Ca.have Lluced the of their property wjis liable. That perhaps was the House of Lords 'That arrangement; their macllillC3 from 30 10 i0 is ccut. a right answer to give, but what they asked they gave the husband the property and the business. for was that women, who owned or occupied wife the debts. Miss Becker then proceed- The Granges. to a on ed few make vote remarks the the properpresent Tnese organizations must b come a power in property, should have the uovernwere tne movement. if oi with it they menin position The ty would carry the land, and their results must be good, beto ment in women come to liabilities. for It the addition monetary encouraging cause they complete no organization without as Board candidates, distinctly! ward School was a claim bo their said that one, just might of women. Men and Women the but that it was necessary to show more rea-- , recognized the right of women to share in are ordained to stimulate each other to good sons than the one that it was just. She could the government of thecountry. How then, and good works. 8. M. K. not admit that When a thing was clearly she would ask, could women who sat at words, put they might rest assured that good would School Board meetings and assisted to solveFive hundred millions cf frances is the sum to- accrue from giving it, and that evil would such knotty points as the payment of. de" it follow its refusalMiss Becker then referred nomInationalfees, J&c,bpconsideredas talofthe damages inflicted upon Parisby the to two the to enormous this Add choose between to the speech which Mr. John Bright delivaggregate Parliamentary munists.r and too to was amounts to an stilldao candidates? on which It ered in 18G8, on the first occasion paid Germany, to this again great anomaly he addressed a public meeting after his re- last It was proposed to give the franchise the incalculable damage inflicted upon the agricultu-t- o agricultural laborers; but could it be said ral districtg of unhappy France by the contending covering from a severe illness. Mr. Bright fsaid: "I do not wish to endanger or remove that women had less political experience and armies, and an idea may be formcd of what the T less capability for; tho franchise than agri- - sucond empire cost the French people. Very dear- any of the ancient landmarks of our do not wish to disturb this ques- - cultural laborers? Why was the franchise ly have they paid for reconstructed Paris' for Cher- for tion of- - the franchise beyond 7 what has al- to bourg . harborrfor a.fieetcf uselessirQn-cIade very an army glittering and imposing in peace, but uU ready been' sanctioned by Parliament and they needed Itas a protection.--Ththe country.' I do not want to introduce any same reason, she need hardly add, applied terly inffiicient in war. The Bonapartes, uncle new principle or theoretical opinion which to women. The extension of the Municipal and nephew, haye added to the glory of France, and School Board franchise to women had but the price paid for their services must be set it may bo found difficult to adopt : What have w6 at worked well, and there was no reason what- - dow'n as an cxhorbitant one in the extreme, and, present in the way of franchises? We have ever why the Parliamentary franchise should if Frenchmen consult the welfare of their purses, the parish franchise. For generations, for be withheld.- If men advance women must they will have nothing further to do with such Man and woman must go hand in pensive rulers. ages past, there has been an extensive fran ?ty'. f rate-payer- ' s. rate-payer- s, f .. co-operat- ion coin-unf- Consti-tution.- s, : es, w - ex-advan- ce. 