,1"' WOMAN'S: EXP QKENT. i 93, NOTES AND NEWS. consideration by the 14th Ward Branch of the ished great caro and tenderness, and of whom sho was very proud, was in error, and United Order. ; I tf U t Jl I r i i noti uuuersianuj ii TrTR T.TTrr.p Vhma nntiti these uays, oi general eniigmeimieuw, woum 'TWfc 1ftt intent uungs ior ueraoxi us i Vn.,.m i WI16I1 Lilts liiCL lhil lo .err. is uuuiuu xa du suo uuuctsiuuu tuuiu lur uer. :auu i.tu j understood, a want of charity betrays a was that.thpmothcr'a .mistake occurred of V ber first, was a election, arid did not belong ... . .. WM.v.w;f ,..:w...v?. .. credited with its iwii i goou sense. The Oakland "Homestead,"; Dora Dar- originality was a mistake. --oor BEiOHA CrrT appears to ta.e the lead in this Terrltorv. lri flndinir iunsM for 'libineJ WPPe" iy,ew.-rw,- , ri.rrrj'.iiJrAiri-iriTiiiiuA-: Dawn." f Golden "The oV various"knd, Mr, Mary e manuractur, Stark of that city, is teaching some of the MicnidAN IS first among the States to suo-- . young ladies how to make artificial flowers, as mit to the44 popular vote a proposition to an- mateJ wer0 freey discussed in' tho pres- beautiful, so it is said by those "wljo have seen swer the Woman Suffrage question' m tne Ever Thine, and her opinion oiten n a uu Anw affirmative: and To wal not to be fanbeatemlu asked by: both Jnother arid daughter, partic im follows closely in the same direc- s t The Provo factory is turning out nine hun srenerositv.:...:v;-:.;......;::ularly tho former.. ; :. dred yards of cloth" daily at present.Measures Ition. At last. Ever Thine said to the perplexed Chi in held are being taken to procure additional rachinAt the late Woman's Congress and anxious mother,' that sho did not think interest so much excited measures she pursued, with the young ery, sufficient to fill the capacity of the build cagOj no other subject reioriuas . did that of Dress Ileform, Anu.tne ia(jy Were likely to result in good. Where ihg, when, it is estimated, two. thousand yardM : Saffora Dr. era are deeply in earnest. Jfcbriow Mary upon Ever Thine was asked to talk to - tho ami boo what influence The article entitled "A Home of Our Blake. platform at the congress in a black lk I she might have. To this Ever Thine did Own," a portion of which appears in this issue, on the. short not object. She". had troOhe game miry dress 1 with the skirt untriramedjand r .a it although length $V is so sensible in evry t par ! and could heartily sympatnize floor. ' t; the herself, clear enbugh'tb path so ticular, truthfully and' beautifully written, arid by a" Womaii too,- that we doub t ri6t ' bur xV ronnrtofi though she saw too, as did the mother, that j a r..wdeira.;wU;ruso" it as we have dne with -- i.to De wiinout ine necessaries oj iiie, .;u ,!,.,.. - .. , , -- .Mrf Mtlf lrv. . esumaiea mat ten laimsauu-wviipr We have viewed with much, nlflasn Of employment. jShould it hlvnfc.."-thbeautimhspeciraens of, wax flowersmade lw jyoung i girl and whisper w e u KUl words in her ear which would comfort and .y pupils of Mrs. Zina Y. Williams. Many of our aPre n emue' . vo i:: ."T ;. young lauies mignc ao: well to cultivate thel sireugiueu aur, uu ai ido kiuiu uuio of to throw a clear light ppon the subject.which delicate and pleasing! tastes with: which thev r The Smith sister Abby II, and Juha E;t, had was then misty and dark to her confused have been endbvred bv !rninrrihiis fn imt&f whomand their cows the papers have the beauties of nature - in works of their nwt I so , much to say, have found fault for years gaze. But until the mother requested it, A v ahoiit n'aviriir tarfta.'ftnd not.be'inir'nermlttetL to I Ever.Thlnd hadrnoighlr'Mlnterfejo' Inlho J. hands il; uo , I auuwcii rr. uUJi iPTTTfi , neonle of Utaht wpm uey ... i uicu ..- -j iu i wiu, .: ; I . . . u mL i t if. it ii w wver x a now no j wu x p- tnuuiuu Jiave uuiw.ukw louenuau fmm;fir. grauu uariui acnieyeu iftirnirnW iney rT -Woods venture to trust them to the care of i collector wno nas pecn nneu lor semug some i pear 10 a loueiy, ruaiicsa iuutiui, a - uwuuui Yet this was tho of their land when he should have levietf on of Sabbath twilight. . other omciai, wniie he goes to San Francisco, tirao first presented to Ever Thino for the as irifOrmatibn, Jroriv thatrcitylshows torac their personal property. j conversation alio had promised to soelr with tice law? Stow is, it, with all their .irnperfec-- y her young friend. And it proved to bo a Uons, they could not furnish sufficient employMISTAKE. A MOTHER'S lucky hour. For no sooner had Ever.Thino ment id keep their gubernatorial friend busy? drawn the dejected, sorrowing little being Mrs. into a warm, sisterly embrace, arid; spoken Richard3, i'ii Professor Barfoot lately delighted us by Dear Sister: All through the long, pretty sentences of cheering; sympathy and allowing U3 to inspect, a' most beautiful speci- tho splendid, golden kindly advice, than her subdued and melt- men of scarlet Chromic Acid crystals, which he bright Summer-an- d Thine has been - employed as ing heart was .ready; to yield to anything has been making from: exhausted telegraphic Autumn, Ever . i i r i ?j liquid, for a lady in New York.' Aci hour might a country "ocnooi iuarm,'.; Doaruing. wun thaf experience arid calm "judgment . might -sujestfAnEye rbe pleasantly and profitably spent in our City has no BlatikankjT to her tion of seeing; the young woniarilappily expellent publish permission Museum by artf lover of nature and art; its name. But, parties concerned married before 'sho left their hbriier But collections of pteing curiosities are continu hostess real raise no objection to my, publishing the fol- - thi3 is what Ever Thine -- would impress up ally increasing and no w the price of admission 2 ; , personal experiences, , as t hipts on the minds of parents. Zsr : has been reduced to 25 cents. f lowing. which may prove beneficial to others, placed Never speak other than fond "'arid gentlo Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith who journeys in similar circumstances. words to a girl who lias been or is , likely to southward, being one of President Young's Mrs.. Blank has a fine, intellectual daucrh- - bb, in the least, croased in her party, writer us Trom iticnneid, bevier Co,, un- - teiy, who has, perhaps, given too much at Don't call her d because sho is aer uave oi x ov. ttu. iue company naavAeiu tentlon to attracting aumirers lor tne last uncertain how to act when two strong powmeetings at Paysqn, N ephi, Levan, Gunnison, few years. At any rate, either through the ers aro operating in ojiposite directions upon cauna anu xicnueiu. ai, wnicn preacmng was innuenco oi coquetry or some otner power. her. Strong men are often weak where love done by Presidemtf George A. Smith. Patriarch sho became uncertain which, if either, of a and women, are concerned r why should a VWm-YoungJ Dr. S. Bj Young, Elders A. M. couple of gentlemen she would prefer as a common place girl; bo reproached for cot Musseranq. v;nanea y. omitu.; ine saints are juie-iim- o cumpaniou, ;wxicnano grew urea acting always wisply r whero loyo and mea sea- - of flirting and concluded ";to give her atten- - are concerned, ' The nursing infant should prosperous and heal lightfall, tion to matrimonial. Interests.,.. And, here not bb treated with mora tenderness r than ..son very. favorable for workVj, -- , : vV K arose a grave aimcu ty Dctwecn- tne young the girl whose mind ha3. become bewildered vtnrrvn-.nmmnHnn inMrhJnh iim , ' '.- - .1-11- - ' J. . - uiThe-ExMNESrTbei- ng iiwasawuiuisiaauuui.uoi.u i ZZ - - 1 -- 1 Si' i 1 :f i . I ." - rJjii, . 4 ,,, .,, lcI,a ,vu lDi-fir- ' ealt ; -- . i : - . - 1 . ashni rrf ... wa - "-.vi- ,v"u nA.. . , & 1 - m a . -- 1 . " lovp-affair- s. . weak-minde- , , G' ? thy-H;rop- - S; , H n.n fWn:. r . ! , - and her maternal parent.: w J lady VftW P.vcp Th no hna r.rt over so delicate an affair asher heart's affec: tions, even though they may :fravQ been n onlfAti " won by the Democratic i party, natur- - hs ncith-sns- e --. the young lady's proceedings, Justify misplaced. to varied reflections connecm 'iu : ally i,.-?- . lion therewith.; Many speculations are formed; bad. ;' Every Teffect has a cause to begin ana aiuerent opmiansxpresseo,; out wno can witb: ;;whafeVer BiiEUAf atism, &c.All 'such disorders as may have been th6 the final results? Present indications r.jA r hfavAn'nf'i'riTo miett-Arheumatism : and bodily; weakness find a may be that forX tah the prospectst are favor-- fiho should have been led into tho rfMit powerful remedy In tho leaves arid -- flowers : auie, as ainne spouung enemies oi ner people, of the wild f(Uomari wormwood) in, throufrh gentle and kind trcat- way whohave lately figured con3picuously at Wa5h- - ment: and shown her folly as one having mixedtwith a small quantity pf rabbit brush rington, arc on the .shipped side, belonging1 to beeu misguided by. circumstances;7not :as arid hoarhound, stcepod In-- bolljng watery a lueiwpuDucan pany, nut &aian is not yet one wiliiuiiy wiCKca or naturauy foolish, little salt should bp add"ed,and tho decoction subdued, and while bo nas power to wage war for sho was neither. All this her good, lov applied to the parts affected, with a sufficient with the defenders of truth and justice, the ing mother know when sho wa3 brought to bandage to hold it there till relief ,1s obSaints need riot look for a rest of long durar see it. But to begin with, sho saw only tained, which,, in .most cases, occurs after 4 ---E- TaiR ver " 6c-i-dro- ver n " . , tion. . ' that the daughter, on whom she had lav one or two applications, in one night " 