' Li-;- .'-j ;.;'. .v: V. rV, .' ; ; , ;J,-- :.; .;, ; v InmriTffrr 5' Vol. . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 2. April No. 22. 15, 1874. having an object to accomplish, fixed and firm in purpose, has.no time to reconnoiter The Exponent 1st so essentially a family paper, a through all space, and view with elaborate "Whatever may bo the result of the home friend, tnat I feel It almost a duty as well as a add my mite in my humble way. So here exactness, and give a general detail of the Temperance Movement the woman's war frivilege toeffort of the kind. The little anecdote has neighborhood gossip. The one who feasts r on whisky in different parts of the country one reccommendation at least it Is genuine. on gossip may havo to fast the object for which it was inaugurated was . We do realize the importance row. notalways a erood one. and still deserves commenda of our set we before children the examples OrdeiAniiaeaiili tion, even though its votarios may go to the or the effects of the sanie uMn their minds; noon-da- y extreme in advocating it. rising from nightly slumbers, fiYeulbfil fbrtaisrnay substitutebut4 A New York cancer doctor says that can- ing notes." welrTCreMerT gome rbe'teimeScquaintM I timesince, a been and. cers are the result of our having pork liancy of the morning sun, its beauties anab-stainin- g with a family,- consistiner of father, mother wo let recommends should slugeating people; and he been brought freshness. Then why rob from. the use of pork or lard in any and three little ones. Having Energy and n ts nau ai ways gishness, and inactivity n i Ch the urch , the pare up rT form." He also states that he never knew Firmness of their power? 7T ; 7 the to At accustomed been prayer. family of a Jew or an Indian having a cancer. The selfish one says, "I intend to take on the outside Would it not be worth while for other peo- time I knew them they livedin one of our I would ask, at whose expense? of Utah, where, although ot the to the adopting experiment ple try slack. Surely, labor must bo done; the helpless is rather "Mormonism" settlements, who will Jewish system in regard to swine? Last summer. "Grandpa" came out from must be provided for; even those not work must eat, and somebody must - Tho-so- n to them. an visit citv inside gave to The Prince Imperial, according French ror his father to lead in prayer during "foot the bill." way o 16th of on th his attained ority maj law, While Ease is dying, has not power to March. The day was an important one at his stay of three months. When "Grandpci'!jniedh,ome,prayer draw his breath, Energy and Firmness can Chiseihurst, where the Prince and his was in the v little household the dig his grave. But tho drone is not needed Eugene reside. Im- first neglected mother, "The idler and second morninir: breakfast passed in the hive; and perialists from all parts of France attended off without a word upon the subject. But shall not eat the bread of the laborer." the festivities in celebration of the event, I'll Try. thelthirdrmorning, little MissBnght.byes numbering in all, it is estimated, over, 4,000. of five years old, could stand it no longer. The affair was considered of so much signifidon7t you pray as you " cance that the French Government issued "Pa," she said, Why to before Grandpa came? I do not A NEW STYLE IN WOMAN'S DRESS. orders to have those who attended,"spotted." used to eat without like praying, and if you can France should look well to her futue. not pray I will try!" The father needed Long white trousers for ladies are very These a second reminder. much worn on the Continent Honorable Charles Sumner, United not"Out of the mouths of babes and suck quite plain for wearing in States Senator from Massachusetts, diecLJn hast perfected praise." e and in the "street, batrthoso the -Washington on the 11th ult, at 2:47 p. m. lings thou B. E. A. fine forevening wear should be made of emThe day before, he was in his seat in the cambric or muslin, ornamented with Senate when Boutwell presented the resolu': For the Exjiext. broidery, lace insertion or heavy rich lace tions of the Massachusetts. Legislature, anENERGY AND FIHMNESS. frills or flounces, according to the tasto and nulling its previous vote, censuring him means of the lady herself... What could Sumner. He died quietly, twenty-fou- r than to see hours after his last appearance in the Senate Energy, and Firmness are traits of char look prettier or more modest Chamber. Near the time of his expiration, acter that may almost be considered the a pretty, small trousered foot in silk stocking under he several times repeated to Judge Hoar, an mativeppwerT)f turxistence. They con- and ajneat sandled shoe appearing the skirt of a muilih dress, the ankles buried, injunction not to let the Civil Eights bill st! tute tho leading principle of success; with- as it were, in several rows of tho lace frillsfail. He also seemed to regret his deparand beautiful or flounces of fine cambric or muslin trouture before his book was completed, saying, out them all good resolutions fall to the ground, un- sers? Surely, also, when a young lady of the finished but not is book problems imaginary my book, "My is more account is closed I" His last - words executed, and lost. Energy aids action, and eighteen or nineteen is dancing, it modest, as it is certain very, becoming, to were, "Tell Emerson that I love and revere action is life, inaction is death. Energy is, see trousers the iimb3 hidden in as it were; the germ that produces, or him. it fash ion.; As I briners forth its concomitant traits, such as of cambric than the present. seen on the order and cleanliness; and Without Firmness said, this mode is very much and Where is execution? We may not question, Continent among French, Spaniards, VEILS. at Barcelona a who has, or has not, these desirable traits of especially Russians. Whenthat every lady few ago I remarked Alas for veils! . From tho tiny infant in character. Our eyes are given us to see woreyears some some richly plain, trousers, are as a looking the nurses arms to the ancient widow, in her with; and people's actionsand trtmrnnrl with JflPO frills Or flOUUCCS, TWO if to Veils neightheir is . pur veiled. character; whole sex; glass weeds, the or. four inches of the trousers were visible, from a to us read not want conceal do bors chapter defects; -, many purposes They iu iuut small the off, is which . apanisn of and title setting the cover their book, page grief, they they heighten beauty; and instability," tion. I knew a very pretty French lady "fickleness of with women every stamped so we see a whole race of 'trousers foundations c 1 1 he m measu re stre ngth wi th E nergy and who used to wear condition and laying age, style, which were made or lino in the life. and to evening, forth almost and an light spring Firmness, to for diseases of the eye through to remark when cambric or muslin, with rich lace frills up one for is arc of it blinders Hownatural These fashion. needless of her leg ana inseruoa white dot occasion is given, "How untidy that per- the calf v';n every conceivable. style, from the ,r.u Tho innA frills of her trousers or "How oris!" on its son's department to working the crape child English on the but the rest or the the touched insfep, surroundentire their just and oculists cleanly, The best give testimony derly, action depicts some one trousers was Visible unaerauu unuuSu and of are!" veils, Every wnolesale wearing ings this rausua. against 'oiuiof white skirt transparent The ts character. langauge, wo think: they should make protest against or more trai of r ficld Republican"- - - - t e h u t ic. to the ges re, walk, their the calling. of voice, risk the at injury even it, View the figure that forward propels pok to it At least let the mothers of itself with lengthened strides, eager t get ril v produces chc e r- that they will be held responsible, in anothccrtai can read er generation, for suffering their little ones over the measured ground you such esti fnlness." says Bishop Hall, "that I havfe to go veiled, as the matrons of a past gen- enercry in tho very i nmn. Jin mo -in Inch spirits on Known u uiixu cuiijc to not made was and time mate that hang lacing for were allowing tight eration to from a funeral because he had the manage mind not do the allow di.stressincr n practice that . wfifph ;ia they rusty hinges; Xlk lilC " " une ment of it." I wander on a thousand trivial things, ' entailed. EDITORIAL NOTES. EXAMPLES. to-m- or to-da-y, -- it-eas- - ; ex-Empr- ess by-and-- by, . -- trou-sershouldj- bo day-tim- -- r-re- lace-frill-ed , an-sw- er . x- . most-becomi- ng 1 uh grand-mothe- r. - -- - to-d- ay j foot-mark- s; " I y." : ; -; 