W OMAN'S ,E XPONENT. mean time I hope we shall become stronger nere. l intend writing every week, that yon may Know how we get alonjr. My eldest daughter is helping in tho scnooi. Just now she is sitting before me at the tabl reading, and such a lovely pic- - HOME AFFA IRS. We wovld call attontion to L. 1. D.'s "Talk with the' Sisters," which appears in this issue. Bead it Sisters, many of you are needing such hints as ire therein given, and it contains good joou joz qvery intelligent minu. 'T":'ky'::&::r WiTiih'UE present issue, closes the second volume" y the Exponent. To all who have evinced a kindly concern in its behalf, during its two, years' progress, we tender grateful ac- knowledgments, and extend a cordial in vita- tion to all lovers of truth ami in the of. cause progression, to use their influence to aid in its future support and augmentation. - co-work- ers , .-- ..w .v. uu-- u UUu 1H mpiherheart she is beautiful. My girls are so great a comfort to me all the time! In what shall a mother find joy and rejoicing I The Law of Love. In 1647, lb ; General Court of Massachusetts enacted, that if any young man attempted to address any young woman without the fconsentof he? parents, or, in case of their absenccf a neighbouring magistrate of the County ' Court, he should be finedye pound fense, ten pounds forihee.ohdai.4mpris-onmen- t 060 Cap tain Daniel for the Blake was fined tho first (namect sum; but let olT for four pounds, conditionally, "for making love to Edniu nd Brio g?sY daughter, thfrTai " not in her children? I have been hoping that the mail would bring me a letter from mother, but it did without her parents consent not I look so anxiously for letters every mall and when none comes, the weeks seem Vt'rv l0D ' . - . 4 189 i - . a you can, If; I;couliiKrlte:.siich enmman. we favored been Iwould write yira nica long one; but this NcrmaiHrfreewho-Ioc- s Duia the past week, haye v t withitfCfruO I know you Will receive as 1 send I tinldvev himself. late ta the cfty from difterenfc parts of the Territory From your affectionate cousin The tongueT-ththat lets out ..." to attend the adjourned Conference, have man-- 1 IT. M. B. the mind. ifestcd their interest in jth32jPONrr by "drop He is rich whoso income la - moje than . ... - ; . l . ; .. e 4 . , ping in to speak word c ood cheer; and, in his expenses. . lARKOFA GENTLEMAN. '.some instances, to otferlji . mpre substantial as- The trials of life are the tests and necessary avails thanblcasant words. We --No man ia a , , gentleman who without prov certain howlnuch gqld is in us. return them, one and all, our thanks and kind ocation, would treat with incivility the Poetry. The music of thought convey wishes,LiL MraWestpXMM firemen had a drrchlight procession on which no accomolishment ofaress or T. "T't- 'I ed to usin the music of language. JNONE snouiu acspair; uoa can neip mem. None should presume; God can cross them. What men want is not talent, but purpose: in other words,not the power to achieve, but the will to labor. All men can perceive the vanity of past pleasures; but how few discover tho vanity : of those which aro to come. Many a child goes astray not becau se there is want of prayer or virtue at home, but simply because home lacks sunshine. The Hindoos extend their hospitality to their enemies, saying: "The tree does not withdrav its hade even from tho wood-cter. The spectacle of a field of battle after the combat, should be sufficient to inspire prin- ces with the love, of peace, and the horror of war. Napoleon. T.npn flinthnm. xvhn wm nlmnst. aq rn. markable for his mannners as for his elo-- nd- - the evening of "the Sth. They numbered about dress can ever atone. Show us the man two hundred, and appeared in full uniform, Uho desires to make all around him happy, give cause of offense to no one, and we with banners, a band ofs niiisic?encine. hose and hook and ladder carriages gaily decorated, will show you a true gentleman, though he and the occasional firing off of rockets. The may never have worn a suit of broadcloth, T ever heard of a lexicon. We are proud hv rfrb niondv skv. nd wa,nh9n . nd nni. to say, for the honor of our species, there f h.. forma r,otrn r3 . are men in every throb'of whose hearts is a solicitude for the welfare of mankind, and 1 of From the annual report the Superintend-- whose every breath is perfumed with kind- - .mt uho. en t of St. Mark's Hosnital. we' learn that 353 patients have been received during the year, and the total cost for each one has averaged -- about destitute had been treatedt without charge. The Hospital began the year free from any permanent indebtedness, but needs more means and a more commodious building to properly meet the demands that are made on it. We think the subject a worthy one for the consideration of the benevolent. $1.28a-dayThirty-patienthow- . em ness. ? Selected Mark Twain on the Sandwich Islands. rclimate bunched pyou cannot find asinmnch theWQrld.as you can together anywhere on the Sandwich Islands. You take a ut ther mometer and mark on it where you want the mercury to stand permanently, with the privilege of ranging five or six degrees at long intervals, and you may select the spoi ma. WHi exacuy aucouiiiiouaio you. Ave The people of Salt Lake have lately had At Honolulu it is always about 82 deg.j ifm nnnrtimitv of eeinnd hearinff the fa- - mraurea ieei up me mountain yon can nave mous lecturerthe wonderful woman Victoria her former life may Whatever . . i nave wcurui wnerever uerseii r xier b.un- ments may be met reproach or ridicule, there was nothing in ner apjparance, or in any- thing she uttered in the Salt Lake Theatre, to justify such a reception. Ke simply appearea and spoke there, as a plain spoken, earnest, honest woman, and was as such received Our ant of space precludes further notice. C. Woodhull. i. 4 A wi vu- u.c. .u. snow anu ice lorever,T lw . Mauna if .J,,,' ;uu ."auu, iu uio .umiuii. oi want it hot, go to Lah- w The chief secret of comfort lies in not fhatWmnm. suffering trifles to vex one, and in prudently rln nnf eter on a nail because the solder -might cultivating an undergrowth of small plea sures, sinco very few great onei aro let on meit. r : - : ong leases. WILLIAM LULLL Our veteran liryaut UllYANT. ' .. we will not say Nestor ot ' j I W must be heartily tired of this comnarison is FROM KANAB. now in his eightieth year, but is scarcely inferior in nhvsical visror to what he was io his prime. The May 2nd, 1874. other day we watched, him walking down Broad- Mrs. L. Greene Richards: To-da- y ha3 Deen one of those beautiful way. with a step as firm as that cf a young man, Sabbath days that come3 to us once in a an(j wjtn a pace that outstripped everyoneelso on peaceiuimanwneii uie while, so pleasant ana h pavemcnt. The poet, with his slight little I r flA nm fact o ' I to. I have buthaTe girls go. a little time had have and I been reading, of quiet to think. kept house -- Brother John aZ?ar:L: SddSm h " lat. ' . ta f A . C . A person is not worth anything that has shoulders, and tno wmto nearu inat swept ms not had troubles. You cannot Bubduo selfbreast, stalked on, a most picturesque figure, passing ishness without a struggle. You cannot re old men and young men, slow walkers and swift without a conflict. You cannot strain pride expect to go" through life" without beadn- gnow7ut to infinni.7, or fatigue. Watched Hm u.tU he burdens. But you are going: to have hdp you v ,.1 W n crowd but to th3 lastwe saw him under circumstances that wm reueem to are You V; going expe stop, overtaking and pacing not from these things. i, fast Wn n; w ' over t r, v Your .n defeats. more than victories ihn rinrA Z':L,Jiuiqwun ly"-"- , , ire t iiie river, i iucrei im e, su not be much danger ness people of our thronged highways-ApplTnAixtx fhr n tvhile: and. in the ton's Journal." spoHiuu.niiuiu uuu, VXrH"&U r;.m L w. best fruits which come to late Derfection. even in the kindliest soul, is tenderness toward the hard, forbearance to-warmth Jof heart wards . tho unforbearincr. .t . . ... il towards tne com,, pniianinropy lowarus me misanthropic Jean Paul. Avarice has been termed "the vice of little minds." And so it is, in the sense in which it is generally understood. But though the vice of a little mind, it is by no means a littlo vice, but one of the largest, as it is insatiable in Its desire and unlimited Titf. thft- nop.ts for classical as Mr. Brvant's tastes arc. - not teen to ni l have and let all the . ri ie uu'' ; kl j. 