W O M A N' 120 SEX P O TE N T. M.D. rAINTEll, AGENTS AND CORRESPONDENTS. M US. II. K. ELECTRIC The sensible girls of this generation will rilYSICIAN. for in men because bo old go maids, mostly Electricity administered when cases, requre. AGENTS. the girls who giggle the mostwho are dashOffice, East side of Second East Street, one and a hal who and most false the who hair, sport ing, Sail Lake City. blocks south of Theatre, Salt iAke City. pad the most atrociously. Ana really it nas Mrs. Zina D. Young, Mrs. Elvira Barney, been so long since a real woman,as God made AmandaKImbal Margt. P. Young, Elizabeth Davis JJARY II. BARKER M. D., her. has been in fashion, that we doubt if Lily Staines, would know to what spe Sarah Smith, Hampton, 16th the men oflo-da- y Old Conetitutun Building, Main ((T,c? Waftl, Mary J.Thomson, cies she belonged if they should suddenly . Ftn ct. OtBce hours 10 a. m. to 3 p. in. it Sarah E. Smith, i hftholdher. r Miss Sarah E. Eussell. Gentlemen isay: 6ii,ladlcs ought to dress CORRESPONDENTS. CARPENTER, JRS. with more simplicity V and then tliey quote Mrs. Laura 1 Mrs E. B. Wells, Miner, Paul. etc. r' : Physician and Surgeon, Miss B. A. Mary E. Cook. Smith, -sweet the vou fiuoDose simplicity try AGENTS, Office at tho Townsend House. Room No. GO. - ; ..v-rnsit- I ? . ; ' . wf"' : dodgeryoungladie5nlEgd3 d white partydnoltmdUionalcnt-skirtemuslin with blue:rmwn'anayouairjL?aj You Jwill have the pleasure of playing wail-flbiiE!- A. Oneida County, Idaho, 7r.UJary JiichTaris. quence, just let her; get into a railway car with a faded calico gown, and an oia snawi, and a last year's bonnet on. All the men will bo reading newspapers,. They will be very deeply absorbed. The papers that day will be particularly interesting. Credit last murder trial farce will bo especially facinating. They will sit near the end of the seat next the isle, and never see you. You may stand r th ere with your arms full of packages, and shift from one .. .. half-a-doze- ii it -- . ' Kate Thorn. - : REMEMBER YOUR RELATIVES AND - FRIENDS. JJURNISH XOIJIHOMES. Parlor and ' At No. Higgins, West Jordan, Barbara Moses, agent & cors. Big Cot ,. . Tooele JCounty. Mrs. J,-D&- Xa Mrs. E. Clegg, ... : MareTooele City. ' V iy.:IZ . tilt ii M. A. P. Hyde, agent & cors. Spring ' . . r Millard County. Delilah Oleson, Fillmore, Belinda M. Pratt, Miss Mary Callister, NEW CLUB RATES. - : : , ; re " Rich-mond,V- V pu't Sanpete County. ; ill-natu- stock of confec- Has the best, largest and tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies will find at JAMES DWYER'S BOOK STORE everything they need at lefs than Eastern Prices. Special discounts made to ail "Who purccase. A Splendid. tock..o.n:hand. . ' "T". Beaver County. .There is an old and truo saying, "which runs as Mrs. Ruth Tyler, Beaver, .. follows: "No man knows "what good friends are & tors. B. L. Pratt, agent ii worth until he lives without them." Iron County. How soon some nien forget this good men, too, who were once highly esteemed by their relatives ii Mary Weimer, Parowan, Miss Josephine Smith, n and friends for their loving kindness andlconsider-at- o Ka ne County. ways. Men who have begun to change in this little by little, way usually continue to grow worse, Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kauarra, until in the course of years they become so churlMary Ann Lunt, agent & cors. and to aro with that disagree quarrel apt Cedar City. they ish, almost everybody on tho slightest provocation. In Washington County. until it fact, thy cultivate a habit , of seems as though it were impossible for them to act ii Caroline Jackson, agent&cors. St. George, in a friendly manner toward any one. In this way Elizabeth Canfield, Washingt on. it such a man is pretty suro to alienate all his friends, and at last find himself alone; in the world. It is not only unfortunate but weak for a man tq A young physician in Portland, Me., who fail to appreciate the value of good relations and recently had come, as he said, from attempted to poison a young lady friends, and if he his fallen into the bad habit which we have described, he should, by all "means, try to patient by giving her pills made of corrosive eradicate it, and always keep in mind the old saying sublimate. She was made violently ill," but "No man knows what good friends are worth until finally recovered. It is thought the physician is insane. he lives without them," Selected. i . EnrniTinN Citv. Sarah Peterson, Ephraim, ii Helena Madison, Gunnison. ii Mrs. Boel Peterson, Ephraim. Mrs. Mary Thorpe, : ' Pirst . Ann Pitchforth, ., Martha J. Coray,.agent & cor., Mona, Amy L. Bigler, Nephi. f ed ; 75, BOOKS! BOOKS I PEOPLE IN WANT OF JD Books iy Ail BRAucnfs or Litkbatu&k xxj Juab County. ii Amelia Goldsbrough, ; Nephi. -- East Temple Street, and No. WALLACE to purchase. Brown, Pleasant Grove, Ann Bringhurst, Springville, Harrison, ii Margaret T. Smoot, Provo City, ii 31, ' II. DINAVOODEY, South Street H. : MrsrM. A. House, Grantsville. it ii ii Sets of furniture to call and m ; , . Utah County. Bed-roo- examine the immense stock kept by . tonwood, adv ise the Ladies who want to buy fine I would Salt Lake County. it ii jel5 . Margaret Randell,Centreville, Elizabeth Barlow, Bountiful, Susan Grant, ,, J Sylvia Clark, ii ii . pure-mind- 3 All kinds of Music and Fancy Goods. ii Mary Clark, Farmington, ii Aurelia Rogers, their backs at every lurch of the engine, until the crack of doom, before any; of theso gentlemen who aro crying out for plainly dressed women,. .will. give you a. seat.-Next day you just go and dress up in your new spring silk, with its frills and flounces, and your stylish Dolman, and your charming Paris hat,and your delicate gloves, and your floating curls, and go into a railn gentlemen will way car, and forget that a newspaper ever existed, and insist that they greatly prefer standing to sitting.. Don't we know? Haven't wo tried it? Gentlemen, reform yourselves! If you really desiro women to bo sensible, encourage them to be so. Have courage to be po--1 i te to lad ies who are not d ressed in the hight of fashion. Don't be forever talking about style. Show tho ladies by your conduct that you .want them sensible, aud useful, and you will have them so, for they will do anything to please you. Cache County. LockiteWg n M. A. Maughan, Logan, if Jane S. Coleman, Snrithfield. ii H. A. Shaw, Hyrum. ' Box Elder County. ii Harriet Snow, Brigham City. Davis County. Mo-bilieror- the foot to the other, and stagger against Agents for the Arion riano, Hason & Hamlin CKpn and Wilson ShuHe llich County -u Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. t Emily Woodruff, Randolph. no conse & CAEEEESS No. 37, East Temple Street, Salt Lake City.- ? Mrs. Orissa Allrcd, St. Charlesf Bh If anybody thinks dress is of AIDER M.riodsham, Ogden, a., Determined that nothiDg shall be wanting on the part of the Publisher?, to increase the circulation of the Exponent and aid in promotinj? the objects contemplated in its publication, by making it truly an exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sus tained by them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we oflTef the following terms to clubs, so as to prepare for increasing the value and importance of the paper with the beginning of the next volume, which larger subscription list will enable us to do: 10 copies, 1 year, with a copy to tho getter - . - ?18 00 up of the club 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter 2G 00 r- up' of the club 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the duo ana & iramea sieei engraving, 12x16 inches, of President Brigham 31 00 Young, selling price, ?2 50 30 copi , 1 year, with a copy to the getter v,up of the club, ana a superior nrst proor, steel engraving of President Brigham Youig. handsomely framed,' felling L, -- 48.00 price-4 Clubs can be commenced at any time; and addi tions can be made after the first list of names has. been sent. Money can be remitted by registered letter at ' the risk of the publishers. , We hope ladies throughout the Territory, fpecial-'th- e Prefidenls and Secretaries of Relief Societies will endpftYortoret ud clubs, and that they willcon-r- t stitute themselves agents for the extension of Uje I circulation of the Exponint. 4 , ! 