the deceased, and his sad demise will occasion About thirty feet of the C P, K. 11. track ief andrgeneral sorrow Ihougliout the twenty-eigd.eejp miles" east of Wells, Nev., was "breadthand was known of; He Utah; ' :pn' Sunilayliiglitlie Slid tnitip the above length ter npout bursUng near Carson City, Nev., named gentleman breathed his last at his resi er of the rights of the Wple, and it is the-pecaused great destruction of property, no dence in the Twentieth ' Ward. Although he pie who will rndurn his Ioss." U:lU.j,il aMrwas ap- lives lost. Mieavy rams ana tho bursting' ;had beeh'uinrell roisoveralweelu. of a cloud on thoth;ultTTitrEureka7Tov., his friends 'did- hot caused a violent flood which swept through 'realize that his end was so near. ": He was an abl?jpumallsran'd ttie'ExpQjiKfr DarWrs;iburaal of nronertv. Homestead is again on our editorial table- - At on tho night of July Inn., was more .unsparinglx used limits hehatfat the after a months interval. It is a neatly got, 2oth-7t- Pittsburg, few h a terrible storm swept over the time of Its;"commpphthan'as,,'iliatbf ten :up, OakIarid,:Oal., at, publishe4 monthly, citv an(j surrounding country. The water ; Mr,;: eioau. f;r or Kinaesi and uiisrespectnnu reflects the fine literary, talents was threo or four feet deep in the city, tho arc'due liim from those Interested of itsevidently editor. We wish it success Panhandle tunnel was flooded, and houses, in i ts' welfare. . vln our f short acquaintance . we oil Mm i Id i ngs, shops, cattle and about twenty ...found him,J:6f bba gentleman and .generous bridges were carried away before the raging friend j eyerTwilIiiig HOME'APIRS. eyen as- waters.. 'Act destruction of property which si&t as as far oureditorial4dutles. us, : possible inl ttrno i minnne.V' itio nrr noon .sri mnrmi nnri Tiie Utah Northern K. Ilc Company iv words nQnsQlatipn t more appropriate, : 'we. think, could beLofTered his bereaved fahiiiv noticedated Aug.5th; that here tlmt from tJt being calculated - rest, is ; anu menus man in t from- nis aw n discontinue running 219 persons have been killed. -- The (6 ' . : r gifted pen: i r Election returns have been recei ved from same date brings Inewsjof a fierce; rain and ''Mourn npfc the Uead.who peaceful lay a number, and IaIivfexcept:ToeIe) show a huge hail storm pn rthe larders:. of Moravia, in down Theieartedjbpa1cs ,vTt.;.' " Who leave the fraij and mortal claV majority :Yor;the PedpleTickeLVhpd to Europe, many lives reportea lost,, a iarjro. To se:kr a, fadeless crOT'DJ" number or catue were arowneu, sixiy-iou- r f give more particulars in our next; t houses: wera demolisliedTand the .unavaillnar tear;, . ' ;r Of'f!i Information .''I v badly damaged. Repress the selfish sigh; the whereabomsf omiwho Owen, Ing Dayld Know that the spirit ransomed here Yet lives, and ne'er shall die." grated . fromaiumney?; South j Wales, An 1862, ' Weinsert abrief sketch of his life taken from will confefra favor by communicating his ad- - ANCIENT CITY IN NEW MEXICO. the 54Salt fXiake HeraTd"," through the column dress ,to John Itees, Wales, Sanpete o. XJtah i W.1UUX1 xiu was : jso .w.iueiy, una wen Known an I ntef esting descripn Pror JCAit; G ilaeser feejcS tommerice forces, has furnished r: during the last iew years. ' :3 j; an ancient city , in New Mexico, inthe next regular Unapt' the rtWentfetifiWard tion habited by a remnant of the rape vhich cen- on IOth Besides the inst. the 1 9th. 1830t and - :hCuntyt jown. Ireland,i-IJoSeminary prima juries , ao was al flourish ing tributary , of . consequently at his death he was acred 43 years. ry intermediate and grammar departments it Montezuma's; empire ;jj ,Tho Captain;has 9 months' and 23 days.' tlVhen eighteen years of is the intention to have academic, "normal and visited ihe town, talked with : their- inhabi- .age be became' cortnected with the5 jChurch' of evening classes so as to nieet the wants of all as and studied their customs. The laras to wlio far To those wish went as possible. forth properh' to ianrEldr jirid aimissiorlary gest5 settlement is In New Mexico5, about . it preacn ine; iospei jaoorea in Ireland, school'their children or, t they 'can fpare the tHlrtjlieuthV)f--?th0iborderJlhiie,nrst of ATi- and subsequently in England, Scotland and the time, improve their own education ; this 'will, zona:-- A strong wall surrounds it, and with- . xaie ui vapau. JLuring uja miniiefiaj laoors ne we feel cbnildent, be a fineopportunltyi ' : iiraro houses for about four thousand people, held several prominent positions in the Mission. rjL"-vItl.hiH lo iiJnd f Hr' iVL$ 1 among others the presidency ofi the dotting--: xt E iiave a recentietter. from a sister n one th6nglv the population is jqnly ,800. Tho ham.. Sheffield. and f lilverpodl Conferences language aridi some of the custom resemble small twhicb ofthe r,cojantry settlements, gives Heancxtconn Chinese, though religions worship is formal 3 t, ncc,:tng neauquarters of,uie European mission; some account or tne place, ana raiso ou tiie ice- - aml; The priests have heavily pompous. and labored upon theVHillenuial Star, io the iif Society, there, but we, cannot publish it he- embroidered robes, which have been used causo, ther is no Indication of the-- j!ace it rom '' gave an additional interest1 Vh lie in this no- - whence it was sent except what can be gained fqr unnumbered years. Like the peruvi- r ) sition he assisted for some time! ja)forwardirig ans, the .people keep a record of events : by I? the ChurchfEmfgration pbst iniark. H) The . en tyinj? knots in Ions: cords. The Govern- - ? and was othefwise ao from aa almost-illegibi tively engaged in advancing the interests of closed article, rheaded, ?JS A llWortl t of Advice," ment s .administered by thirteen caciques, ; the Church and peopfe with whom he had cast etc.iwill-probabl- y appear in? this or.' the next or chiefs, six of whom are setecfod forliie, &noum cleiul v jshow the" others time to tlino; electcdfrom In the Fall ef the yearll863he immigrated to issue.Aii communieations - the tinieand place i?here they ere written. I There is a head chief and a vice head ;Utah:andw.:immedi4teyi.mpJoTe(l in Presichief, v,J-.-.;- i 7vvt Vf dent Young's: ofilceIheiiee: he: i iventi to- th 'itiV. "The ExctTRStoN on the Oth inst.. from this aWar,cniej, ivc. jrveryix)(iy. voies, morals ;rFtneatreas pq,keeper, lrHetva,s.ext engaged I, pn the'Besqret Kewf I ai'assistaiit editor, arid cltyVt pTrtljirij,' tdaiio Ter.Ui-- ' .uortberri (or are good, and women are respected, a fact afterwards on the'uf)aiIy Telegraph" where: be minus ot.tne utan JNortncrn Uailroad, proved which alone makes a wide gulf between the j 'occupied a siinilaTdsitibni-herpub- - io oe a aeciuea.success. .... as near, as wo cauia dwellers in this ancient city and the horselished the Salt Lake City Directory; .which was were over seven hundred passeh- - men of the plains.' The place was menthe first work of thcilkind ii?ul;in this Tcrri-tor- earn, there . . '"." ' LZ 2 a tioned by a Spanish: Jesuit in 1529, and i3 in; is In .the year 1870oin conjunction with gers, 3iucii predir due; to Mr; X N. Pike, W. C. Dunbar, EsqVhoi started the Bait Iake the mariager, for the care, and attention ho'exl probably i as i'oldaa tho Mexican empire, prosDaily Jeraldthe firentrmber of which wa Yrcibcu m. peiijui ui iue pastengers, aiso loine which was in its heyday of glory and ' issued on the-Stof June, since which time his invaded when Coriez. by perity - i labors-arI a well know to' t h e publ icr , railway meu ior ineir careminess ana courtesy. , -- i BornJn a Jaudj whereat is t difllctilt to riSeo (o No accident dccurred,aithough'whiie the return any degree of eminence, without money to puri rain , was-- .crossing tne mountain some grass A Good Idea. Woman ought not to bo chase that eminence, he struggled manfully fire an the da lady, catching impression less interested in good government i than against opiHliananoTearTy made his genius caught were on hat the v fire, jurapedj with her men. 3Iothers ought ta take as deep an incarf acknowledged iuhiabbwh local circles, l Urged -, onward by jra inoixllpta love of hooSi.and bp- nfant,j frpm thtj train; .fortunately.it was not terest as fathers in securing laws that shall ing withal, ambitious iancquirc aneducation, going at aljr$cT and;ia .gallant brakesman, lessen, ta their children, tho temptations , t whoTas close pyyj umped fjfcaught her With that surround them; leading to a life of im; he applied ;hi.nelf. Ju hsr and e never attended .school one study, although band to 'pre t en l' f&fttr his eteventhyear, wh'en: Mr Sloan had gliding down the bank morality and crime.:7 Tho woman who says !igrown Jo (man's stato hK' educat Ion? wast far and with the other ignaJlsd tho "train to etop. sho doesn't care to vote virtually says sheiis l suierior to that:ofihi;ellow?. rf Pos?qssing a Fortunately j alt escaped injury Thepassen indifferent to tho highest interest of her powerful imagination, his Inclination and. dc.-- gers seemed to en joy the trip An children and tho world around her. She .. , .sirewere naluraliy JItejaryT aiui;when' i bn(a similar excursion U planned to come off .Virtually says 'she doesn't :cafe whether or "boy he had , JrpmC th'anthdrrof Wmerousl'1" , fi not a brothel is located on every street cori ihtcuisoi acKnowieugeu ineni. ' xiigtmius was onthe?19th: inst. ivl j'i ' 4f no ners in Grand Itapids, or a dram shop, in ordinary : rharacter;' but towered; above; ; that of; common humanity commanding for ii evefy :;bascment, or a gambling hell over its owners the respect ofail who knew hini. was marked by several most every store. It ;i3 high time that these Last month But he has beeji cut ofT in his youthj as it 3vere destructive, floods in- - this, and - other coun".womanly" womenJrealized, that their indifand in his death the country loses one who had . and , This Parowan tries, have been ference as to how the world is governed. Is "city the capacity and ability to make himself great visited-band floods, damaging destroying as great a;crimo in them as all admit it to liis aucyuipusutnenis. in mis Mcrnury iew uj men were more widely known ormpected than some hundreds of dollars worth of properly. be in men. Grand Itapids Post. DECEASE OF MR. E. L.r SLOAN. ht - o- . 4 r-- No -- lono-winf- f -- ( , i-- l. - ' 1 -- -t- he-railways ; Wanted.--AhyLpersonljUQ- : -- ; 1 y ? i i -- b ? 4 -- ; . 1 1- , 1 le 1 1 w -- -- f,-; jf-- rr-f- -T 1 1 In-186- 9 -- y. ? --. T. i I : . 3 e 1 r..-i0- '. -- -- ? : : leisuro-no'ments- thr ; ": very-much- - -- -- " jS , y ? 