WOMAN'S EXPONENT. v 55 ness or pain, the loss of sleep through chil- ployed in a Swis3 family,; and are equally THE BEST OF IT. dren and other; causes, have, the patching. known, the English drives out the French. if j darqjng'arid innumerable bther little hoiise-hol- d It even passes from me generation to anBY BLANCHE BEECnWOOU. ijutiesto-dp,vheotheremploymcnts other in a toreicburitry qh account Of its would-bso r much more aerreeable to our superior practical convenience.' In this way "and not is fresher "A Jn'.june y , .morning" natural tastes nd inclinations, and have the he accounts .for- the fact that Freri?h and sweeter with its perfunie of flowers breath thousand yexations that accompany familyf German families in England or jAmerica so of roses, hum of bees and songs of birds, life even ''iihder! the mostcareful manage-men- quickly lose, their native tongues, while than the presence of those who make the h-speaking families; jln France or Germaiuany fill house with the best of everything. T They furnace ;ye come f unj. ny transmit theirs from generat? on to geniff out of? th sunshine and impart1 a' soft and mellow ra- weetj fefined oiir eration. The English: tongue he says, disourTpatieiico fire;?' ingeCby, diance to all around; out of the dry, color- faith Unimpaired it is a positivo and supc-no- r penses with long phrases and many words; less, hard, forbidding r husks oMife they it uses readily foreign words, but shortens . ;( . ... . ...(T extract and ;hlve sweet contentment, pure To live for others:, topless them; to sus-- them ; it has only indispensible and natural fsati$factfon tain them; to, be aii; example of the perfec-- i moods; it has no arbitrary, distinction of "7 treasures bri everyhanid. ,.. - s t, uon-- , oi aro ;po3siuiiiue wmcu genders;) the, malri ) idea ia so much the ob- womanijoou, -- that Jnconversatlon tset? mcKy temperamen'yqu will say, yes, 4 ougnttOTertuizqrthorjnpstimrm temperament is much but so is training. lias faltie3to"lie:dormant; onozh not obligeditofinish the phrase. He -Do you suppose training counts for nothing they,iibtgiVeujiS; wither j and almost disappear,; if not admits Character is partially inherent but we are in used,! while: the year for most jlirir'laf,'thafefIttiee'a3a: ' 1 r a i a great measurb the arbiters1 of bur own forl i t t learn1 tb read oest wiinin? us, qeveiop sirong .vxiuxuciris; chUdreri1 to tunes..:; ;lr-rr-- r, w Ait i'4 ticlihat not only haye; tljs ofect;:and iu$u-ence- " tionfoOili considers Life, philosophers tdLus, is but "little others aboqSus but despend; arid uess IJeidesits: structureMdeindollo better thanarstato of 'warfitf e) then let us mold upon hoids that great advantagq iri the future the generations to c9fflb.7tT" ,y call. up all the 'forces of merit; strength of Xct us thbn makq'the test of Hi'and noi Is; the adaptation of its Jiteraturp foramilies ""in i rid and" i ridi vidiiall ty 't&vcm pete" with It: ffb'abouT.sbl:fbvini?V mourning lamenl?' and4pwestlc' courte the it is little kindnesses; above all jsuits vthe women. They find in it in our,jcrueI fato sies, the little charities that tell; jth when we deplore our own existence V0 ar a vast number of;worksiwritten.with perfect smooin away me rouimnesses ot me and of j ingratit iide," and J ihj usr purity and propriety, upon-- subjects whicn render it more endurable. i Tho truest cour giiy ty. of $e,,'sin; .'jice tofour Divine Creator, arid are seeking most interest the female sex; such as reli is heart. Smiles tesy impelledfroma good to tii waft-gion; pootryj education, and the like. woras oi encouragement ana " praise are Tho future) victory; however) "Of the En Beln needful for the soul'.s health; let no boo do inoitals such lofty mental eridovhienfs, glish language the Swiss savant rests on upon At the present mbro? scientific grounds; spise these small things nor believe them sucH yast capacities to be if ifled vyithdr beneath their notice and too trivial for their moment thd English is ipoken; he estiinates jnot; jOur reiigiqn teaches attention. '"These" are charities with which lis to assuredly seventy-seve- n millions of people In Engmake, the bes't of rjWe.aTe oteft by money has: mil concern; opportunities for tpi ou trWprk" th tlie lign t ;ofriatur4 landAustralia, and Amorica - The German out; spell we are all iu , danger o or doing good, which Ub w ' includessixty-two- , e7d u millions; -- the.Frenjh in because are common overlooking they things PrancefekBAanditne coionies,"' forly !o.C" eVeryf ifo$Jt0temx$ne$i &na require "so turfu uhcertaintiesof ;? millions, In England ' the to, this; it has been re vealed to us from lieayr and,, one- half i'.'i, sraallan Qflbrtr; If we jyer&cairefdl .to'ltaKe en, iimrined by jHim whose" word is population sdouDies once n, uityj years, so and advantage: of ithese little opportunities, the eternal truth, and He has given us the comat'.a cent'u.ry.!pf' wiCrehJhe mil- day, that to anolheris insupportable would forter if we . will live for; it to help lis sum of oneihundred' arid ; twenty-fou- r t be to us full of happiness. uons. xn tinpr Muiieu Diaies, uanaua,hwiu -male the 'esto.puriyes here!.Vn;" f JiAmakeseri e'add: Ihow" fresh is the Australia,' populatibn dou bles ohceU u t wc mankind at large,;, whether we are happy or IJnceOTeJefcm of . those t who :; truly observp Jthis picture but the to I difference our .( greatest will bo seven hundred, and,Ihirty-si- x unhappy selves whether our characters and faculties maxim! how reviving, invigorating Tho total number, then, of the Engtheir, presence! how" heartily and are developed to the utmost or 'dwarfed and spiring en th usiastically they arQ V wbl com ed !.,--. Th is lish speaking people in 1970 ; will1 be eight . :s i a y in their stunted growth. influence is undoubtedly great they hundred .and' sixty mUlions In Germany. J; You may, in fact: bo very unhappily si tua positive W create an .atmosphere vhicK i "do- - bh the other! hand, the ; population - in ; the seem ted j your home disagreeable: your situation o sixty years ..; ligh.tful adA pxhUara'tiqg : to brefithe;, pndj north dbu bles i n from ty-. ? - I For the Exponent. 4 e ' -- Englis- f; , wher) a iect-ofeach-sente- nce ItFpldefetj 1 1 : . . -- f the-littl- e . . J 'Haa ! ig-ubfe- , d?f A ...lii-'-i- k J J r. - 5. A ...-.- . a - i . 'atOit ; -- . mii-lions- - -- fifty-six-t- .. uepturauiuj surroundings discouraging; your husband unsympathetic ybuttay have jKJvertyncf sickness to contend "with hut if yoiV bravely jmeetf, ybiir imculties; if y65 utwg vuvigy iv uear m your enaeavors jo overcome them; if put of your owq sadness you can learn to touch: tenderly and sothe tho sadness of kanotherj ypu wili eYehtually reap a fuller happiness than the first ephem eral enjoy ments, you crayed; could j possi bly have beitowod. ; pne of :f ne greatest bfess-ing- s given to us is, feeling that God's gifts have not been wastM in our haudsj the scjnse of an approving conscience; ; self-cbntent,a- he VriffeTail7Dinhum ' ... rU tIe "language mk3mmE ,TheIdistinruished Swiss Asa varit, IVC Al- - plionse cie Cand6ile,;in his recent' His?tbjrj dps bciences,y nas yenturea some preaicuon?. fn1 regard Ito 7th e ngli3hXlanguagwUibh S;ws ;hblr AA detndpUe;t)eUe is.td. beTtiio this (uulesst: ,'we tare guage He grounds his expectations, first of all, on inordinately vain, conceited and tho structure of the .English tongu0;; ,lts haying 'dpnq 6ur bes; and fbrmsltp.sa5s5are to modern "that 'development of character,' must have ,! taken place in us vhos'o Influence 'is felt in tendencies. If .ybu have to hail a vessel; to a traini.demonstrate a machine. immense, circles, ever widening like ripples cry stop make a physical experiment, speaK in a lew .z in, the sea.' i.. W'ordsr to people busy and. practical," you v.) Looking at it froin this point- of view, it ' is easy to perceive that whatever exercises must use the English language. :'. , employ Nvhen to the farthest bur better and stronger quaji-tie- s jThmlUXho tongue that, wewe wish to say is really of) the most permanent value we are in a .hurry,, or when anything clearly and briefly.. "In the con- to us, and to the world. an mmgs An untried disposition and temper is sim- Uictpf two languages,''.! auas "most slra-bi- o "equal it is the briefest': and ply a negative virtue; but if, on the" other being which carries the day.", He states that; rs hand,1 our i.and we cahribt" possess ut; - -t. - 5 ... i ceptiDie to eacn otners'.inuuence,. may interest our readers. pught.at least tb'be f?'J-ud;svetf ryearS: 1king''0n6tliuhdfed K 'condition, not the best; if we are he has repeatedly seen in Switzerland.fami;; frequently Qbiigcd: to J" surrender our 'own lies wliere. the French and German, were to rexjress our. own' wishes, be subject equally, understood, but that tho FrcnCh alJtn.?Annoyan please ways drives but the German through its suother??, not ourselves, and not always be suc perior flexibility ahd eonyenience. In like cessful at that;, suffer the weakening of sick- - manner. where English and French are em years as the averie, the number of the German speaking peoble In 1970 will bO oneh hundred millions.'! wit ; ui; and twenty-fou- r In France the population doubles in about ,14Q years sojthat in a .century the French- . speaking wpuld amount to, 69 1 mil " lions Accprdinfff to this estimate, the Ger individuals would only (form the seventli part, and: the fFreuch:speaking pnlyithetwolfth orthirteonth part,-of- . those speaking EngUshln i.970, and tKth together wpql'd.palyTaouDt'toft quarter of theEng -- ; : - 1 -- man-speaki- lish-speakin- ng ) ry'ri victory Aot the English iaces,; gf ; -- . ,y The . future seems to: this Swiss scholar assured. His Ybo,conciusionrom'.th'i3 prediction is that a heavy responsibility rests on the peaking races to preserve the j purity r and unity of rthejf tongue , Ther danger yhch hQ;feari is . tot English xnay break into three languages related. oneanother, like7;Italian, : Spanish, and Tortuguesc. It shouidj be :pur noble ambitibn to preserve -pnpjjgreaC and pure, tongue the tongue, of as the future Milton; language for the thought and business of :the:worId.v" Americans, ho thinks, will have the "mbsT influence 'in this work, " for their country w ill lead those of the peaking races, Thus far, we' believe,-thlanguage .has suffered no perceptible strairi or corruption upon this continent Ex. -- i lan-guag- e; ; English-s- ; ? uni-yer- sai and-Shakcsper- . . English-s- j . 