V - W OMAN'S E X P ONENT, V 149 .11 cording to the dictates of their wasters; but avo fail to see why the women, ortly, should be dejWivei of the right of suffrage because the Mprnion men compel them to.abuse the right. We should heartily seon l th? passage of a Bill to disfranchise both men and women who live In polygamy, but, despite our correspondent's disclaimer, we emphatically insist that any legislation, which - niakcs.ia vldiouoU?! i net ion a gal asst. women as American citizens is a serpent more dangerous th; n the deadliest Cobra. jVe all know that the old English common law recognizes no property rights in woman which her husband Is bound to respect. And while the right of dower to the first, or lawful wife, irr"Utfrti7or anywtrereelse7 Should be respected, we must not forget- that there are thousands of Mormon women whom the provisions of this Bill would cut off from any claim to a support from their fractional husbands for themselves and children; These women are just as good, morally, as the legal,' or first wive:, many of whom "espoused Moririonlsin, . issued by the S. L. Herald Publishing Co., is FOLLIES. announced. .The work is in competent hands and as it will be one of great and generahbene" t To think that th? more a man eats tin fitt r and fitjt is respectfully desired" that every facility stronger he will become. To believe that the mora hours children study at for obtaining correct information of names, school the faster they learn. residences, etc., be extended to canvassers. - The -- To - the m KMBEiis-4- f new- - City Cou nc i 1, ':. The - AXNiVEiiSAitY of Washington's birthday-on Su nday th is year, Monday the falling 23rd was observed as a hoi iday instead. Al though there were no public ceremonies in 3wiiQr301n Lianner suspended, and -- the Spangle rights, de"spite their They and their children have moral cannot floated degradation, which the legal wife and children ' if exercise is good for thali altlv t theTnorj vtolent and exhausting it is the ex- cepting twernot present, werersworn into oftiee at the regular meeting on the evening of the 7 v y 17th ult. conclude-tha- mo rj good is done. To iuiagiiu that every hour taken fioui sleep is; - : an hour trained. To act on the presumption that the smallest room ' ia the house is large enough to thep in. To commit an act which is ftlt in itself to be prejudicial, hopingthat, somehow, or other it may be done in your case with impunity. To advisj another to take a remedy which you , InvTtrrTourli fronrTnanyublicrbui " afMnpece pre va ed To cat without an appetite, or to continue to cat rightfully ignore. eiT tisficd, Kfcrcly" to gratify the after it haj If the ballot in their hands, and thoeof tiieir nvi'tr, is a fetter, strike it from the hands of both oppressor taste. land gppr63scd amHre shall 'not: com Pa! n ; but let ConWi3 LEAR'rrrfromcent gress pass the infamoui Dill of insidiou? c.la the S. L. Herald that workmen from Franklin, pending, and the Nation shall witness a claand Oxford, in Cacho' Co., mor compared to which that over the steaj Weston, Lcwiston ' Ita ag NKGLFXT OF DUTY.. "fe frgeTfeftilvadlnoii the g. N.-Kwas mere child's piay.". . and fast as weather will permit. The officers We do not envy Mrs. Duniway the of" business. :'.jiju i el n ess during the day. legHkt-tlonno- 11 w back-salar- y . "' . and friendship," of one who could descend fr such misstatements ana uirecL usenooas. We presume he had good reasons for wishing his name withheld from publication. Perhaps it was that lie felt himself unable to withstand the keen shafts of Truth which might be pointOr that ed at him from the "Dcseret News he dreaded the idea of falling under the d criticisms of the "Salt but Lake Ylerald." It is quite as well lor him," at r. all events, that he is a coward as well as For it is possible that some of those women, who have been "reduced to mere polygamy," things th rougl i t he systemin oftheir left fire composi- sufficient have still tionrto make Salt Lake tob warm for such a viilifier of thcirpurity and intelligence. But wc are surprised, "mortified and indignant that Mrs. I). a woman a sensible woman, should allow herself to be so intendeasily led to so far concur in sentiments ed to prove the inferiority of her sex. Why did she not answer this calumniator of woman's vorth, i?i the language of a 'true, brave de fender of hpor and of Avomau ? Was he not basely maligning her sisters at Salt Lake, and, indeed, casting indignities upon her sex in general, by his inferences? That ten thousand of the high power of WOMEN, already possessed franchise - for which they arc all contending would be tamely, meanly submissive to debasthousand ing and degrading Injuries, from three men, is an insult to woman, besides being a burlesque on common sense. We should sunnoso that any woman could readily that tin's falsa character is no defender of woman's virtue, no advocate of her ngnts, but that he seeks to hide his littleness, under a thin covering of sophistry. If there exists a serpent with a venomous tooth in Utah, it is with such as himself, who ..would take from woman the legitimate rights, which the spirit of truth and liberty has onfered. It is not the subject but our space - which we have exhausted for the present. good-nature- d, well-aime- tra-duee- - well-informe- ccr-tain- lv 1 eesoitesiwHrjTiot well deserved compliment paid to the ducter on the Utah Central. to official neglect of duty. During the sum- mer tho streets were full of reekincr filth. con- - had not been cleansed and some alley-wafor months. Nothing seemed, io, arouse those in authority to a sense of the danger, until the fearful harvest of neglect was reaped in the early autumn. The usual iop- tilation of Shreveport is said to have been about 10,000 in summer and 14,000 in winter. During the prevalence of the fever it vvas not over 4,500. Keglect of duty costs, and the cost must be paid. Sight drafts do not always come in the shape in which they were presented at Shreveport, but they come sooner or later. If we do not elect good men to make laws for us and the proper officers to execute them, we must smart for this neglect of ys of the Legislao'clock A. M., on Sat- The Twenty FinsT Session at 6 ture of Utah,-closeurday, Feb. 21st. the members having been at work the previous night. At the joint session towards thecIose, and during election of officers, on motion of Mr. Mann, Miss Joan M. Campbell and Miss Georgiana &now were elected Notaries Public for Salt Lake County. The ladies of Utah should be fast preparing themselves to occupy responsible aud worthy posi tion; and it is gratifying to know that many of them are taking advantage of every opportu' nity presented for this purpose. d d, ' p-rc-- The lesson of the pestileneo at Memdii3 employees are highly commended for their "en ergy, courtesy and attention to their duties." and Shreveport is plain and simple. The ivc St. Geokge, Feb. 8th, Ex, 1ST 1. Deau Exponent. TWELVE GOOD RUL3. Wn nrn.nii w'eltTancI enToyiniroWrfelVesT Our principle enthusiasm is now about the 1. Cultivate an equable tenipcr; many a Temple. Seven hundred and thirty cords of man has fallen dead in a fit of passion. Mnolr rftflc have been hauled on the ground, 2. Eat regularly, not over thrice a day. cords. The about thirty and all laid except ,1 Ml 3. Go to bed at regular houis. Get up as remainder of tho biacs tock wm oe useu ior and do not sleep the footinp; of the columns inside of the soon as you wakeatyourself, least not longer than ten cords in the day time, hundred two about is There Temple. - p on the J minutes. r uMntifn rod' sandstone already " - Work always by the day and not by ground. The quarry is open for a quarter of a mile, jnaKing room iur wu juuuj w the job. J. Stop working before you arc very much work, who have left the black rock quarry. a Sunday tirc(ibcfore you are "fagged out." St. George and Washington-haG. Cultivate a generous and .accommodatSchool jubilee in; the Tabernacle here, yes-- ; affair, ing temper. terday. It was a highly creditable 7. Never cross a bridge before you come Teachers showing that the Sunday School to it; this will save you half the trouble of have not spent their time in vain. By the v hungry, examination of the classes, it was evinced life. are not eat when you 8. Never and doctrine history, that they understood and nor drink when you are not thirsty. Mormon of Book Bible, the in taught nnd 9. Let your appetito always corne uninCovenants, as well as the his- Twrin set- - vited. iory of the Church from its rise, also the mu 10. Cool off-Ia place greatly warmer Oin of this Soutnern couniry. auiui been exercis-have which in you that than hundred one Hymn awarded . were nrios : would prcvcni mraivu- mlo il.A f . irt(r' this I n simple ( .1Trmi KAiinii ill iinifJ iu 1500KS, uuriev;u uvu and save millions of lives i,kn m xui muwrT.t.m nile Instructor, .tinny-ijoo-ks . ---- -- -- 7 V 4- d " n ii.'.in n - HOMEAFFAIRS. duty. FROM DIXIE. i I -- IlAnrEit's Month ia' for this month," con- so'venl hundred card, and j tains illustrated articles on the U and the ObservrJories of the United States, portraits. The County Superintendent , Miles P. Romney. also other reading, suited to almost every taste. The weather I, line; people aro .Bak,ng( For sale at Campbell & Patterson's, jtfain bt. .den, Truly A Djitixrrouv of Salt Iakc City and Utah Territory, to be cditeAby Mr. E. L. Sloan, and Light-house- s, : l r J., Never this which "Vrv every vcar, in n "few dajV Ul rojsp oy 't 'IV ,h.Uf !r-Eld- er 'X 1. r .......nmation of the l.y wmo 3 