WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 84 OBITUARY. SPLINTERS. - out-sid- :r "J Died, in this city, at her residence in the 25lh inst,, Lnura Honey Stevenson has been singing 14th Ward, at 8 P. M.,"bn the late Elder Eleanor Jane Pratt, wife of the at t?ie theatre, andrher iv rlelVPrattti a sweet and .luxurious as her name indicates ' V ':fr"r'r:T her age. in this ... ;r. A new paper has been started Sister Pratt was born in Wheeling, Va.,' city, the name of which Is the Utah th of December, A. D. 1818. Was It is published in three languages, on the 20into the church of Jesus Christ of baptized the Swedish Danish and English. .....Three Latter-day Saints in San Francisco by Elder hundred and sixty' - woolen spindles and Since fivo hundred -- and forty cotton spindles are jMcBride, May 23rd, In the yeMjS worked in the Beaver woolen and cotton fac- which time she has ben known as a woman and much zeal in the, cause tory... ...Sixteen prizes were awarded by the of integrity Latter-da- y committee on horses at the late stock lair of truth, a faithful and true LOCAt . ! "Scan-dinave- ." Xiterary end'onher mortal career; ieUeinifferentJirard BiihTtohe "Blessed are the dead who die in the electing -- arejro the people In Utah; prior to the interception of e influences 'prominent among which- ' may be marked the doipj :of ;certaln govern-- : nient app)intees, ha ve Deenreatly Is turbo d r rather lhan increased by the subjugation whlch these indiriduals have attempted. rjYet, from the official appellations by which they are. , known, it would be supposed that, they, are . placed among the people as guardians of their rights, arbitrators by j whom the peace would ; bmost heartily sustained instead of watch-- .. ew for i iniquity, t to stir up istrife and create . troubles that they may have causes of offense to examine and judge. But the people can only continue to watch patiently. lorfiual results.; v , , ; : ; ? : : JTHEBOYS their officers;. ;.A woman in this t:ity sepa-- 1 Lord, for they rest from their;: labors and v rated from her husband, hired out; to do their works do follow them." : broke her. Sister Eleanor' emigrated to this city in house-worDo their mothers know .where they are or tt engagement r 19 the Since that 1855, ago. period years liPTrplnblovefTand what company .they keep? ; A. great crowd of; wiflifn n wppIt. Nn ncTnw nnfl m.w ahoutl writer iuuj uueu iuumaiwy.afuumt-smalls ones, gatheredi-on- i the weu was woman one: a nerv oi sorrow, H were hdin rmenf latelv hnr.Nineteon on Saturday - orhirJit can betru- - street. In front f the: city market, with g:riefVGrand acquinted one dav bv in in tho Jurv reported a :u.. t last, while a large: herd of cattle was going it. j .Jnt came i 1 k, u tfaem,-Tnostl- uu -- , "ane up mrougn niuea The Court won't be out of work W l.lation." thfi fall fhft tlmf rlnsf for Homft ....Sinro nf She taught school on Thursday, and pre Conference, Sunday, services have been discontinued for the winter.at the Tabernacle, pared her breakfast Friday morning. After ana ai ternoon ana -- even i ng- - meetings are which she was suddenly taken with ap ' held in the several wards. oplexy; sent for Bishop Taylor, conversed r freely with him in regar(d to her business POLITICAL iffairs, leaving everything in his. charger Ohio Democrats have lately elected a he administered to her and she went to bed of the State for the Supremo Court, judge and sank into a deep sleep from which she first time, in more than twenty years... i.dn never awoke " But she awakes in mortality. towns of more thouthan five Connecticut, the world of spirits, clothed in white sand inhabitants are to be allowed two rep- in with palms of victory in her hands, resentatives in the Legislature.... ..New robes, Oh whp.rfi with thft hlnef eho ran clirmf Mexico has instructed her Congressional death where is oh where made by ?s thwintorvf thy sting! . grave E. delegate to accept the proposil W, several senators to unito the Territories. Arizona and New Mexico, and of the two, form the State of New Mexico:... ..At presTHE . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ent, a war between Japan and China seems Inevitabre7Tr.The government of Uruguay, I GKEEXK RICHARDS. Editor. K South America, will issue, four million CORDELIA JI. IIORXE, Bnslncss Mnnsffer. dollars of paper money ....Election excitement has been running high all over the country but Is partially subsiding.,;.. .The Terins: Onecopy one ycnr.OO; one copy six iaonths, JjegtSiature OI Vermont 'has elected Geo. F. 100. Ten copies for the price of nine." Advertislne Edmunds for United Statns Spnatnr fnr sir rle: lEAch eqaare, ten Jincs of nonpareil .space, one years from Extwnent Office, on West Temple St., near FirSt South Democrat to the Stat Senate over a Renub. X St., opposite Qtr Market place. Business hours fiom 9 Tf Hrn hv flmalnrUwAf m.to 4 p.m. on Tnesdays and Saturdajs. sL d 4:uruuJT.. mat, ukmh ot lue :.,V?Ac?ii Address aU business communications to idiK'aDOUCine Publishers Woman's Expokbst, "Third term,' and will refuse to run for the Salt Lake City, UUh. Presidency aga in. this city. -- 5 am . m "Jr- '.;-T7- - . 1 ' 1 ncxfc-aiarc- hn " r:; -- ; -- -:-v-?. yr r past. Some of the little fellows ran heedlessly in amongst the stock which was Jaming.crowd-- " ing and hurrying along,' as if realizing no dan ger, until one of them was struck and knocked down by the foot of a, horse upon which one f the cattle drivers rode; Fortunately, the boys all scampered out of the way then, and no fur ther m lschief was done. .The one that was struck limped a little,; but showed, no signs of having been seriously hurt..' He has kind Providence to thank , however, that he was not trampled to death in the midst of the rushing .. herd. i ". . . ' . DON'T TRIFLE. It is a trite fact that to ensure, success in any kind of business, business must be done methodically, and thoroughly, with perseverance and care. That incompleteness and mistakes are occasioned by neglect or inattentionl In the least as well as the greater concerns of life, this rule is unexceptionable; and much of the prosperity and happiness .of mankind depend upon a strict obseryan Not only in the transacting of business be- -, tween man andjnian, the forming of contracts and inakiBg plans pertaining to worldly af fairs should this system of thorough completeness bo constantly kept in view. But upon the same basis must all true religious princi-- pies be founded. In order to gain that full and perfect salvation for which the saints are accustomed to pray, it is most essential for them to live perfect lives bo far as their ' knowledge extends. Neglecting a l?nown duty here or ' . thefe, and yielding to this or that trifling yet t forbidden indulgence, will; sooner; or later ' grieve away ''the .baste! arid VsensiUye sp'iri t which leads unto peace and happiness and joy most exquisite' and eternal. ' Just as" slight; omissions and little extravagancies arid irreg- ulari ties in connection wjtHV things : of mortal- ity, are' followed by financial 'losses arid fail- - , ures. : ? SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. 1, 1874. The Stockton "Leader," Laura DeForce Gordon lively little journal, has entered COURTING. Its second year. Success to it.. ..sTno young ladles of the Uolleglate Institute of Pough-keepsiN. Y., publish a paper called the With more than ordinary interest we have .m it raosi appropriate name lor a watched for some time past the proceedings of ryro." school journal;.....A new illustrated Parisian United States officials in this Territory. And paper is announced entitled, "The Journal some of them, we conclude, have hearts and of Young which will; treat of the minds of sufficient magnitude to enable them health of Infants, modes 0f t caring for them, U0 court any body and every body; no matter uieir viivjiuuig, ..."oseicnesoi luusiri- - who, nrovided they can steal a chance where ous Soldiers" is tho namo of a new book, by there is a prospect of something to be gained. James Grant Wilson, which will probably Whether their purpose is to amuse the people A Woman's Peaco So in become popular, general, or to instruct them concerning clety," of London, offers $100 for the best tlcular duties and privileges, is not clearlypar' de tract written by a woman on the subject of monstrated by their acts. But certain it is, peace...... Abba uould .Woolson is editing a that the constant diatribe which they carry on Ijook on Dress Kerorm......ioores Bural against the leading men in the communities, New Yorker", Is twentyfivo years old. is not calculated to engender a spirit of peace, or to bring enlightenment to the ralnds of the -ztzz The women of New Jersey were en fran- - pcopie.T chl.ed from 177G until 1807,a period of thlr- - The query might well be propounded, what ' tyono year?. . The right to voto has since Is their buMnefs? Are they In th midst of that tlmo been unlawfully . arid urifustlv the people to preserve the peace. ras disturb- withheld from the women citizens of Amer- - ers of the same? If the former, they anil their Ica with the exceptions of Wyoming ashniera have mistaken their abilities. The AVI1 TTfrt li rtll!rt 4luojasv mw . w menI existea peace anu gooa e, a. alu-hers,!'- .. a ; .r -- I wwuum.uj; I jcars. m ft . ieetings " : I ; 4 . . AIB. Pure, fresh air for the children, is one of the best producers of pure, good blcod, from which may be built up a healthy system. The denlre even incold,:stormy,:;disa, to be out greeable weather,' Is5 hatural. with" cblldrenl The little being Instinctively calls for free, full inspiration; and it has a native right to tha same. ' Tarents, teai hers or guardians have no just right to shut out trom the children the among fresh, sweet air arid the glad light of heaven. of-door- 3, "T-irtmr- ID 