HO ' '''.'': ;': WOMAN'S EXPONENT, v J :j':rT"'";: :' ' '.JLl-- On the 10th and 11th instants, news came from Xenia and Cincinnati, Ohio, concerning t he Woman's War on whisky, of a very eneour-fuse- d aging nature. May their work continue until the desired end is accomplished. A portion of a telegram in relation to it, informs us that to the requirements of education in the fu- in Washington, Ohio, a man named Passmore ture. She had in charge many years ago opened a new saloon last week and immediatethe excellent sciiool which was begun by ly the whole moral and religious power of Miss Lucretia Crocker is the Mrs. Lowell. the town turned upon him. Ladies prayed be- r r the subject aro said td bo decidedly progressive. Miss Lucia M. Peabody is a lad j' of ana Judge Guigon of Bichmondf Va., has re- - fourteen years; experience as a teacher,eduto grant a petition of the colored citi- knows perfectly not only the system of ze:i3 of that place, asking that colored men cation that prevails there, but is, by her long be put on Juries when colored criminals are experience peculiarly qualified to judge as SPLINTERS. to bo tried...... There "are 32,000 citizens in New York State, under sentence for fi lonies.J.Henry M. Stanley, who led a small of men through Central Africa, two ""?4S years ago, in search df Dr. Livingstone the-- : L-j.l- great African traveler, has recently comple- ted a book for big boys which treats of the life and ways of the people of Central Af-Carlotta Bettini, the Italian re vo- rica ex-Pre- si- -- TT I IT Ai J.VMU11WI .A. 1 V IT XUAM Kfp'ayBeckrroneefo too would stop; only one remains,and he asks for another day to consider. At Blanchester all of the saloons are closed. At -- Logans the ladies likewise celebrate a complete victory. At Lan- - caster and other places the work is beginning; At Pomeroy a society has been organized on the principle that there is enough moral and re I igious power in the city to exterminate the business of trafficking In intoxicating drink, and will resort to law only when other means aij .AAftUAAV. NEW PUBLICATIONS. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT We have received the Jan. No. of "The Illustrated Journal," a periodical printed on lino tinted paper, said to be better for the eyes than the clear white paper in general use. The en gravings are excellent. It contains an inter esting, illustrated article, on "Utah and her Institutions." 'The Popular Science Monthly" n. WOrK Vfl O nmn i en-Sm- ithr enjoined, place. to the School Board from Ward 11. Her knowledge of educationa subjects, in all branches, is said to be great; she can hardly fail to do good work for the cause of education. Mrs. Ann Adeline Bad- ger, of Ward 9, was graduated at Oberlin College, Ohio, and has for sometime man- aged a large private school in Boston. She has devoted her life to educational matters, and is perfec tly competent to perform the duties which, will devolve upon her. She has assistance in the management of her school, so that she will be able to spare the time which the periormance of these duties r V pastten of the Union Insurance Company. The fact , , J Tk..! i u V t that she has been for i several years one of lul , F V 1 V, i "ia4WA,CVi suffiowv, the faculty in Antioch College, Ohio, ,Tywin front of women from using a tabernacle ciently explains the unanimity with which the remained in church Those his . lutloiffiitrTT one.. ....The ladies of Edinburgh are said to contemplate presenting in their name, a suitable gift to the Princess Mario of Bus- sia, on the occasion of her marriage with tho. Duke of Edinburgh. .... ..White coal has been discovered and is coming into very eeneral use on the Australian continent- Colored people are excluded from the grange movemen tin1 Maryla nd and Virgi n ia.. .. . Corporal punishment has been abolished in the high schools in Boston.. ...l.China proper is said to be the most densely peopled re- gion of the world, and to cqntam at present, Ml V. illtuu4 4MVWIIItll4AJUm 9J V.v son of Normal, 111. has been seut as a medical missionary to India Mrs. Patterson of Greenville, Tenn., a daughter of dent Johnson, has the reputation of being the best butter maker in that place... ..There is but one woman editor in Mississippi...... The life of Agassiz, written by his wife, will soon be ready fon, publication . . .... . . .A son of Charles Dickens has recently been called to the bar.... ..The two rival British statesmen, Gladstone and Disraeli, are of nearly the same age, the former being 64, the latter G8 - ;r. ..Dr, S teph th eJIealthlCom-- . missioner of New York, says that intemper ance is alarmingly on the increase among women In high as well as low life. . . . .An equestrian statue of Joan of Arc, life size r, and in bronze; has been ordered of M. by the French Government... .....The Protestant pastor of Madrid, Don Antonio Carrasco, was losf in the Ville de Havre...... Mr. John J Stuart Milb Autobiocrraph v- - is The exciting great attention in England. calls GreenGrace "Washington Capital" wood "One of the most admirable correspondents known to our newspaper world." ......St. Louis has given Nilsson an enthusiastic reception.... ..A widow in4 Maine burned her home because the law said she must give it to the brothers of her deceased hus- band according to his will. .....Mrs. Webster, r daughter0 L. GEEENE BICHABDS, EDITOE. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms year, $2; ono copy, six months, Si. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight lines ox nonpareil space, one time, w, per inoLtn, . semi-monthl- y, One copy one S-f- linh tft arul vV , tha u v.iyuai teUr Scientist. A180 "St. Nicholas," a zine full of good jctureg an(J pleasant readinff forth young.--T-he nbore works aro for aleat as. D . J wy er's, Main Street. vamiiueii ok X Kliuiauu, UUUtMiU AgCUU, Xa&i XOmPIO StrCOt.' Salt Lake City. Mbs Cornelia II. Dorne, Businees Manager. 015c houra m-- , on Alond.ya ani Address all business communications to Publishers Woman's Expo.xext, Salt Lake City, Utah. - . maga-frotand-fromt- o,,. ' SALT LAKE CITY. Feb. Fre-mie- 15, 1874. HOME AFFAIPvS. NEWS AND VIEWS. Miss Georgia Snow has been nominated by the Governor for Territorial Librarian. J Ifny.ladyijxpects tomake a fortune by The Postage on the ExboxEXT is six cents' adopting the name of "Young," and "telling cents a vvear knows about Mormonism." in Sfc a quarter,' or twenty-fou-" r what she in - - mid , i TiAffor aQVaUCe. Anincr nnlnnlfitn linrl sriA IH'n rn T,ftlli. -- I 1 . . w . , . m cuvu iuu cauuu liUld The present session of thp Territorial Legisla- ture yyin cIose in about six days. Judging from thG waT ln wli work was apparently being cvu ouvu I . - A PitivATE communication from Cache Val- . r i i i i i.il icjiinuiiua vuui, tuo iiiueungs neiuj uy ine nome Missionaries, throughout the county are hav- ing a happy tendency, in stirring up the Saints to renewed diligence in the way of Salvation. I 1 1 1 w.y.., uauj qur City readers should not fail to notice that Mr. Moore, the postmaster, has provided College...... Lady Burnett Coutts leads the posing the legislative bodies will have the sat. a drop letter box, for ouMPu o - i.a.uiimuup expressly city letters.. It crusade against cruelty to animals in Eng- - isfaction of feeling that they have done their is to where the registered letter. land...,., A lady of Elsworth, Maine, is can- - I part to accomplish much good for their constit- - andplaced near money order Window was formerly, and its vassing that city, obtaining signatures to a uents. contents are to be distributed every hour. petition to the Legislature to have the poOn the 2nd instant, Mr. Mellish, on leave in litical disabilities of woman removed. troduced in the House of Ilepresentative3 at Being ever ready to pick up items credita- OF TliE SCHOOL BOARD. LADY MEMBERS ; j ble to our sex, we were pleased to hoar Bishop ajios. Laiuster, or Jt Jllmore, when recently ad- dressing the Hth Ward Sunday school, say, tliataslaras his knowledge .extended, every young lady of J that place attended Sunday' r SCllOOl. eillier as a tpnehpr nr (Shnlnr AYashington, the following bill; which was read twice, ordered printed and referred to the Com- BOSTON mi ttee on Territories: "A Bill to relieve the women citizens 01 the Territories from politi- eal disabilities." . The recently elected lady members of the If ntift-- Uxr iUn. if.. Boston School Board seem to be well ifuali- lieprescntative of the United Stales of Amer- fied for the oflice. MIs3 Abbio W. May has Icain Congress assembled, That from and after lonir" been laentiiiea with the charities of iue passage 01 mis act no lemaie -citizen of the Boston. At her home in Exeter Place was lw Him?.a ialcs: resamg m any ot the Ternto- nes iiicreoi, mihu ue neoarreu irom exercising begun the work of. the Sanitary Commis- thorisht ot suflrae at any election held in sion in, Boston, and in all the Territory, .anything in the laws of the which were set on foot during tho war zesjFuch for United States or in the laws of &aid Territory the benefit r 1. of the soldiers. Miss May took rnost active partr in education :MIssMay is good sound sense contained in this has taken a great interest, and her views on little bill.and we trust Congress may see it. l , 5: . I -- : 7 a .. ! -- V,-The- re -- l .The IIeliff Society of the Seventh. Ward held a' n ensanf." mrfv in th 1nil, WoTo0rtm: I I Ul xiooliu f w,,,, 111Mn hW noon,. nn ,flsf ' . ,, ,r J1 A' ceauam, .&iV9- M. T. leatie, Mrs. Jane Etans, Mrs. g. Dinw oody, Miss Josie Evans, and Mrs Marv oodbury were the lauies comixsinsr the commitee. We tender many thanks for kind remembrance, in the form of an early invitation. M. .7 X jL 