WOMAN'S EXPONENT 133 THE TOAST. The feast Is o'er; now brimming wine fIn lordly cup is seen to shine L -Beore eich royal guest; And silence fills the crowded hall, As deep as when the herald's call Thrills through the loyal breast, rr. Then up arose the gallant host, And smiling cries 'A toast ! A toast ! To all our ladies fair! ' llere, before all, I pledge the name Of Stanton's proud and beauteous dame, The Lady Gandomare." , Then one by one the guests sprang up, And drained 4n turn iht brimming c up, C" And named the loved ones name; j-;- ,. V tn4iUsiaipcBiiiLLh raised .- On him are fixed those countless eyes, A gallant knight is he; Envied by some, admired by all, Fair famed in ladies' bower and hall, ; The flower of chivalry. , St. Leon raised his kindling eye, -- .And tossed the sparkling cup on high ?I drink to one he said, ; memory never shall depart, Deep graven on this grateful heart, Till memory be dead! - - . . -V " To one whose love for me shall . -- liis lady's grace or beauty praised, Her constaney-o- r fame. JTls now 8tXeon turn to rise, . eflbrtsi of the sisters Hay God bless Vail who are engaged in the good work." A report from West Weber, informs us that on the 13th of January. Miss E. 11. Snow and Mrs. Zina D.i young, met with the Relief Society of that settlement' There were also, several visitors from Ogden pres ent. The assemblage was large, the meeting an interesting and a profitable one. Mrs. Jane S. Richards was nominated, and unanimously sustained by the members of that Society, as President of all the Relief Societies of Weber Co. Mrs. Mary Douglas is Preside ;4 tary of theVestrWeber SocietyV TlWashlngf an;;I?fil inf tSoiely reports' ameeting: held on January 28th: at which Sisters BafhsTiebaVSmithIiUcyYoung Snow, Ivins, Crosby.1 Townsend and others from St. George were present. An excellent meeting was held, and the Society felt greatly blessed idbenefittedJromu theen- couragement and instructions received from the missionary Sisters. B. A. Goodel, President, Jane Freem a n, S ecretary. Sister Jane S. Coleman, Secretary of the Relief Society of Smithfield, writes us that on the 2nd inst, a very interesting meeting was held by the Society of that place. The sisters felt well and spoke good things, and the Spirit of God was manifestly present in their midst. ; hoso last When lighter passions long have past. So holy 'tis, and true; ' 'Jf r To one whose love for me hath dwelt, Mpre deeply fixed, more keenly felt " Than any pledged by you." I Each knight up started at the word, And laid a hand upon his sword, With fire flashing eye; And Stanley cried-J'crave the name Proud knight, of this most peerless dame, Whose love you count so high:" St. Leon paused as though he would Not breathe the name In careless mood, Thus lightly to another; Then bowed his noble head as though To glv the word its reverence due, And gently said "31 y Mother!" FROM BOUNTIFUL. We ; R. S. REPORTS. . , Mrs. Matilda P. Killian. Secretnrv of the. Salem,Utah Co., R. .S., reports their annual . . 1 Al vtn. ncia meeuug jan. iJisiiop Joseph Tanner and Brother Henry G. Boyle, from Pay-so-n were present; also quitoa number of other brethren, and a full attendance of sisters. An interesting, pleasurable, and beneficial meeting was held, with ; which every one who participated, seemed to be well satisfied. The Society in . Salem, though small, is moving forward in good works, and those connected with it,feel determined to do their part in assisting to bring about the great plan of redemption. Sister Mary C. Read is President of the Society. From Ogden we have received an interesting account of meetings lately held by the young folks, Miss E. R. Snow and Mrs. Zina D. Young being present by invitation. The young ladies met in the afternoon, and an 'evening meeting was appointed, ; to which the youncr crentlemen wern invito Before the time, specified for the opening of iuu evening meeting, tne Hall was filled to overflowing. After addresses had been made by the Visitors and several senior residents of the city, twenty-eight young ladies and -- nineteen young gentlemen .made remarks, thanking tboso ,who had been instructing them,;thanking and praising the Lord and bearing testimony of hisi goodness, and the truthof His , Gospel- - In all, tho speakers during the evening amounted to fifty-ninThe Secretary, Mrs A. M. Frodshara, concludes her report by saying. A great deal of good is being accomplished through the e. Editor Woman's Exponent: from Alpha to lecture stamped upon ; her " v Omega. - 1 7V; rV':' For instance : imagine any . enlightened people giving credence to such a statement asthisi-'I- n the Presidents household, they called "ration' day" once a is what have month; each family receives five (5) lbs. sugar, lib candles, a bar (not box) of soap, and one (1) box matches." This paragraph requires no comments to those who have seen and know. President Young and his family. It speaks for itself, And if, as she says, "The poor and helpless in Utah are the abject slaves of the rich and powerful," from my experience I believe their "slavery" to be sweet, and their "ignorance" -bllssJmdeoLiLr I do not wish nor intend to comment upon Mrs. Ann Eliza's Lecture; as I said before, - to ihteIligentrthinldnginsjtTsrkslf itself. She may be a very estimable lady, but nature, in her formation, evidently forgot two most Important ingredients Truth and Gratitude. x f I have many dear friends among r mons. Ana i believe tnese people are sus tained by powers not of earth, and that they will come forth from under this dark cloud of persecution purer, firmer in their faith (if this be possible,) and stronger than ever. I may not believe in all points of their religion, nevertheless, it is no reason why I cannot see the good in it They do not believe in mine, yet they have never persecuted r the-Mo- me because I saw fit to worship God , one way, they another. And because I may not consider President Young to be an inspired Prophet of God, does this prohibit me from thinking him a most excellent gentleman, a you givenout-5ider!spami- n MndUiusbandandJather, a man oTprinciple your columns to make a few remarks ? and sterling integrity, a man well calculated Two years ago I came to Utah, sharing to lead a people of sense and righteousness the general prejudice of Gentiles against to God ? It does not And I believe in the an institution they know nothing of. . I be- Celestial Kingdom a bright crown of glory lieved themthe Mormons to be that awaits him; and I, a gentile' woman, hope most the uncharitable had said. I expected to meet him there, after all the turmoil and to find them enemies in every, sense of the persecutions of. this life are over,Where, I word to "Gentiles. I found them friends, believe, Mormon, Jew and Gentile will be Brothers and Sisters. Kind, hospitable, rewarded according to the works done here ciiantabie and forgiving. in the flesh. For two years I have lived in their midst; Dear Editor, will you kindly ;pardon this their private life i3 no sealed book to me, intrusion upon your valuable time,? 'I felt and their extreme forbearance,' and "patience I must write you, if only a few words, to under the wrongs inflicted upon them are, convey my thoughts and, feelings towards 1 1 j J a. I inueeu creaiiaDie to ineni. my Mormon friends. . Mormon men and women alike, seem to will always cause me ex Your lean confidingly upon that strong arm that treme prosperity pleasure. Any adversity that may never Jailetb, and in all their trials, look fad upon your people, the deepesT sorrow. above for wisdom and guidance. As a peo- And believe me ever your true friend. ple I consider the Mormons Christians in though a "Gentile. 7: sense of the word. A religion which every . ' . 1.1 ! .I. uuumes puopie 10 go xnrougn sucn over A WOMAN FARMER. whelming troubles, with such serene hope fulness, cannot bo immoral. me Mormon religion calls forth all the During the past season, Miss Caroline best, holiest, purest impulses of the human Jaques, of South Groveland, :Mass., raised heart. A wholly corrupt, bad person can from one acre of land, thirty bushels of pop- -' not re a Mormon in the true acceptance of corn, ana from of an acre, thir . ino worci. teen bushels of potatoes. From her garden j havo Particularly I interested myself in she ira thered two- - bushels - of: turni ds. iwb the domestic life of these people of Zion. bushels of beans, arid one hundred squashes, That there are wrongs, and cruel ones; ex- also beets, cabbages, peas, etc., in abundance. isting now in Utah, I do not deny; but not All this was the fruit of her own cultiva the wrongs claimed )by Mrs. Ann Eliza tion, unaided, after the ground was prepared Young to be laid.upon them by the Cuurcii. for the reception of the seed. In addition The Gentiles (my own people, grieved as I am to this Miss Jaques has cleared the rocks to say it) are the wrong doers. They have from of an acre of ground. Tho commenced a system of persecution against harvesting - was- - also - all performed by h er these people in their own land, that may own hands, and the corn, which is mostly end in sorrow to all. sold, has been born to market by herself in have read Mrs. Ann Eliza Young's Lec- small quantities, and on foot. She' resides ture delivered in. Denver, Colorado. I re- four miles from Haverhill, which has been member of onco reading "A lie that is ho principle market for her products. Mis3 rART a lie is a hard matter to fight" If Jaques is fifty-eigyears of age, and has this be so, Ann Eliza" has not even availed hitherto been chiefly occupied as a seam herself of this weak subterfuge. False is stress." ' --W- ill all ' 1 1. -- J- .- ; one-four-th . .. one-four- th J ht ' i. - 