V f 50 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ish? Have we:got oil in ourilamp3 or are they gone out? And then strive itb sustain the servants of the Lord by out faith and heed unto their counsel., prayers, and bringing our minds and wills into subjection to the.priesthood and bo ready to be led and dictated by the same, that we may. receive the welcome words, well; done, good and faithful servants, enter into the joy of your J. It. B. Lord. x- - ' - ; -- HM" in-gi- ve ; jrrand-chil- d " i 1 OUR SCIENCE DEPARTMENT. ; I ; 5 t -- , 4 ' '" mode of transmission of sound is not ex- - hand it to you." Tho friend called, and re plained. It appears that a violin may bo ceived the following gem, which he permits us to publish. The lines show the delicate played on the "receiving vire'OC the strument and operations at the distance of texture of the poet's heart, the tendrils4 of two thousand, four hundredmiles produco5vhIch werevientlytretchingafter some sounds on; the violin;" and tunes "Hail! thing beyond the reach of a bachelor, i,; J J Col umbia" and others were performed on rj;ao years, inai smco wo uevuaujmau the instrument by Mr. Gray. "Knowledge leaves, as they found me, still aloae.; ,h dear Nor Wife, nor child, or shall bo increased," this is the destiny of the to cheer.. of Are heart the aye mine, has been age we live in. If only half of what ' More favored thbiij with hair Ie3S gtnj that at our stated be true who knows but t Than mine, ean'it let thy fancy stray Mr. Tabernacle our in next Grand Jubilee To where thy little Constance sees j I ; ; seat i ile t wh ff "The ;j ;; y; quietly Gray ; may perform on, prairie ripple in the breeze. . name like to one her 1'sp For thy r' " in ed Chicago. . For the Exponent. Mission op Science. Is better than the voice bf Fame. !; I 1 J. G. ',V;rOV'-v-- WillTTIER.11 FLOWERS.1 But ajiundred years ago, IlghOursf fof IK upon the earth in relation to the elements How many troubles might mankind be time that Prom is of which it composed. eni rorl f ih ftv would onlv wait to li ea r each ut o,,uiww wi other's explanations! lit una . TT7 tmrir.r sr nivwo iha truth nf thnsft rriiiri nips that havA Some persons arq above our anger, and thn hm,io-h- inM&ht: with our superiors men relating to the some below :it. To contend changed the tbelief of. r .. . . Anfwinrrs1s-1rnn ..rift a i i i :i .... iwc mil v worm. men aiuco uiero iuu"i'v" entire material -- eugugcu-iuo-iiHcuuu- MB; GKAY AT HOME. 4 f " You iiavo done tho chores, haven you Said Mr; Gray coming in one nigh fc wif 0? r u I r- -- ... . - ; about sundown. i?x ; l: lyd and the; had supper'to-get- ,, I'V'Np, dear, I . I ;?c ' baby was so cross." "Yoii haven t been getting supper all the discoveries made dignity. tj 7: have been Jless important i .1 -, afternoon Ihope.n 4 f ,3 wnicn are ine consequences oi tue preceeuKvF.RV twrs0n has two educations one to do, and - thoi f "No I had some washing ing discoveries. Kqtr fifty years agoTIike UM. hn receives from Others; and one. windows" to ' clean, and tho pies to bake startling and momentous intelligence came more imDortant. which ho crives h I mself. and" forth concerning elements that are also eter Gibbon. "Oh, stop that, please. To hear you talk, nal, respecting the great moral world; in Do not complain of lifo's trials. Through one would think you had more than your which weli ve, move and have our being: higher share of work. 7 I'm sure there is, no t man and, as a parallel to the movements in the these you may, gain incomparablycase. tries harder than I do to save his wife steps, and pnysical or naturaiTWorid men are no w, veri- good than through indulgence arid this is all the thanks I get for it Don't fying; the, truth of these great' principles Every kind word and feeling, every good go to contradicting me.; Give me ' the; milk then brought to light. rlppfl and thought. every noble actlon-an- d if I ask you to milkr you will have There is spiritual rasi well as physical impulse, is like the ark-sedove, and re- - abuckets; dozen excuses. I want Initio to go with science, me mission m eacu is iu' uuumu turns frcm the troubled waters oi lifobear- me, to keepjthe hogs off while I milk s u, men to know correctly; to know by research iDS a jrrcen olive branch to the soul. ICatib goes, , and her father, keeps ?her ? ; conauciea ........ unuersianuiuiriy aim sysiemai-- i.i i of an hour, and then tells her icallv. In different departments : of truth Convey tny love to jmy ineuu as an ar the baby while the modes of investigation may differ be- - row to the mark, to stick there, not as a ball she can go and take tocaro of milk. In about the taiise the Conditions mav not be alike. To agrainst the wall, to rebound bacK to you hermother attends comes Jn to supper. anblv rules correctly is of the utmost im- - That friendship will not continue to tne enu five ninutes Mr. Gray ; :Uivjfe"iiownLla.the;cellar. ; I estimated by I that is begun for an end. Enchiridion. portance: feainlt in pper ready.?' v - natural laws. By not attending to these can be no friendship where; there Liisywi TuEitE . :( in conaitions the creat tendency of natural is no freedom. Friendship loves a free air, - "In just a minutel" 1 is a done; minute! x"Just Everything science in our day has been i to produce and will not be in straight and nar a minute. . Another nignt, 1 suppose, jl just doubt and unbelief in relation to things rowEnclosures. penned act will and It speak freely, will have to come in and get supper for Men cannot believe there are so too,1 and take no ill where gpirituaL no ill is meant; all day. If you methods by which to ascerhtin and be. ; satis nay, where it -and will it easily forgive, isr tried as hard as I do to make homo pleasant, fied, say, for instance concerning lha exist- forget, too, on small acknowledgements. 1.4 wo would get along a great deal better than enceof itxJjm,Mim javeryommpn e thint? for men to doubU , liut they do not TiiE sonbf Emir had red hair, ofnvhich we doYou are nlwayiS beh ind witlv very :' 'KT 2. KSj "So tint cftionio he was ashamed, and wished to dye it. th ing, ind t hen you grumble because you science seeks lor j iu format ion because, it But his lath e said, , "Nay, my son, rather have 'muhwpBcTtp.:,do.7INVell wants it and aecpts it when found, even it behave in such a manner that ail fathers ready at last, is it? It is about time, I :w. ,; , v;.t,, red think.ff;7i hair." should wish thoir-sou- t t i had not what was expected. ' ' J r i". to I : table. down sit to those comes They, The truthT is, intelligence ' O lJord, we thank thee for this and. all Get close to your children find out what who seek it honestly and earnestly, both in natural and spiritual things. With the ad- they are thinking their aims and purposes, other blessings; feed u.s with the bread of they admire, and life, rid ;Siive, us Jii heaven. Anien, Is vent of truth in our day?, it haa been made what traits of character most , h you ha yp got VJ disposed to imitate. th is t he best table-clknown amonsr other thinirs. 'The time has which they are 'ny'i-come that it shall be unto men,? even accord Be kind, genial and sympathizing. Make '.' Yes." J.;f-';- . bo to JJou't them. .another? attractive don't is? It. you buy goodness dec Why of that The inir to their faith.' spirit Ain' t you got any money ? What did you laration by the Prophet Joseph is that those afraid of nearness.; do" with the money you g,i 7r those eggs?? who want to believe there are no other than . ,: "Bought a hat (or iCiae.'?, tup nirunu loreed to account iur inesu cicu me and A GEM KIU)M milTTIER. . needing Bought a hat for Katie, t!on.tiin do hoi while those who seek for farm m I don't know how iinpleinenti. my. information :bv the proper methods can of the and kriewsucli extra To truth I never beauty appreciate thq vaganje in niy life. know concerning Him who "made heaven, It would please me, exceedingly if you and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of follotving lines from the pea of Whittier, such ra liters afcer waters." And it will be known thoroughly, (says the Iludson Bepublican,) it is neces- would consult me about luvo surelv: it will bo seen,- - too, that the fcaine sary to know the circumstances under which this. I jpuess I'll go to bed. I can't they were written. A friend of Whittier's anv PKice up. Wife, before you come to harmony that exists in the natural sciences, voiith. who had spent, most. of his. liloi on bed. fust patch that rent in my coat: and exist in the spiritual: and to prove that har iou called on the bachelor 0h! I wore a hole in ray sock, mony between both is the true Mission of the Illinoij prairries, a clean out poet, at his home In Amesbury, and together rmust either mend it, or get me c Science. recalled the scenes of their childhood, pair. There is a chicken in the barrel by they ' I wTant that for my nreaK-afte- r and briefly recounted the course of their the Fcr the Exposexx life. " Whittier seemed much affected fasti- - Dome children, coma and kiss ptpa. The Telephone. Ah instrument of this t, and donH forget to say your name, vas invented by Beis as early as 1 8G I ; by the' allusions of hiV friend to his prairie VJC : i . in a late naner. a new Instrument for the home,Wvhere a wife, children, and a grand- - prayers.' ?' . inhis awaited as child Is the noticed ("Constance") transmission of sounds retumjand Udca go. on being asked for his autograph, replied, vention of Mr. Eilsha ' Gray,-omore women than men TjrniiEaroSOa.OOO V to Will cara lCiill and innon the vour way I nro tn!d nhoht ft hut j tbo Wonderful th 'in England. , -- 1 f -- mw - a T . i -- a i i i 11 &v 1 i i i a a , ! i s 11- - ri-- . , 1 ..-- '- . . 1 -- ; nt - , m , . ... .. :. .:.' ' ' , three-quarte- rs re natural-things-a- - , - r . a. . . . f -- s -- . s ' j- ; - .; " - ; - - : t v ; ot 1 ; ; i . . ; f . . . - w to-da- - - v 4 - - y. hen-hous- c; Good-nigh- f ; - 1 