' OA W OMAN'S E XPO NE N T. r - its cure! How many ;of and us toil half our life to earn it, Degln early in during the scige of Paris; Take one cup of rice of a cup ot water in. a saucepan, coyer, its cultivation, dig for Has for hidden treasfinrl rh nvcr a irood fire: after an hour the water ures! We generally lay the. foundation for cooked tender, but it in childhood, or in our first youth, by will be evaporated, and . .... . the rice O W mpnrlfvl bv the French Academy MOTHER'S GROWING OLD. Her steps are hlow and weary; Her fiands unsteady now, . ' Jind paler fiUHf and deeper . Tbo lines upon her brow; Her meek bl ue eyes have' faded ; Her hair has lost Its gold; Her once firm voice now fal ters 7 ily mother's growing old. H6r days of strength are over; Her earthly Joys depart, Hut peace and holy beauty .Are (shining in her heart; . The links that bind the spirit Kclax their trembling hold; She soon will be an angel Sweet mother's growing old. JMy thoughts flow back to childhood, When fondled on berknee I inured out all my sorrows, -Or lisped jjyrsongs of "glee; Uut Dorupoae leaning So wearily and cold, With trembling lips she murmursr- "Dear child, I'm growing old.". I think of all her counsels, r So precious to my youth; How falthf ally she taught me X God's sacred words of truth! How tenderly she led me To Jesus blessed fold, Where sbe jwill soon be welcomed; No longer bowed and old. The p"ath of dally duty Was ever her delight, Sbo walked by faith and patience, 77" ' ; And trusted God for sight; Ilcr hands with useful labor, Eachday their mission told; liar deeds, like heavenly roses, Still bloom, though she Is old. Alas! those hands so skillful, Which toiled with loving grace To make me blessed with comforts, And home a happy place; Those dear hands, pale and wrtnkled Are now by time controled, They rest In prayerful quiet Dear mother's growing old. Yet though her earthly temple , Fastfaileth day by day, ; Her soul with faith increasing, Pursues its heavenward way, And when the mists of earth-lif- e Shall from her sight be rolled, She'll shine in youth and beauty, Whcro spirits ne'er grow old. Ob, mother, fond and faithful, ; Thou truest earthly friend, Mpy I be near to BOptbe thf o" Till all thy struggles end. 3 '" And while wit h sad heart yeWntnj? ' Thy form my arms enfold,' I pray lb peace to meet thee : , Where saints no more grow old. for cooking rice ces, how possible one-four- th .... 'i. dry, with grams distinct, not in paste, oumcicui salt'should be added, in the ; first place, and care me nue wuuc.wv snouia petaKen not 10 uisiuru v rli: t'Un. .r J mg. iiy aaaiDg a iittio trailer, anu auuwiug mu rice to dry a little more over a gentle fire, a more delicate dish is prepared. Rice is cooked in this manner in the hast Indies. y i self-indulgencet- he s ; i y. : . . snbiect from which' we extract a can be readily applied by persons who are not chem istOtfd who have-no- - laboratories Ucd. A piece of the IgdodsTS "firsriboiledf iri soap water, which should remain colorless, or nearly so. oeconoiy , ins oonea in nme water, w iucu should be colored but little, if any, while the color of the goods "must not become paler, or become These -- simple . experimenta-suf-fic- e brown to indicate the presence or absence of camwood, colors, archil, santel and the coal-ta- r most The Yellow. permanent yellow is madder; the least so are Orleans and turmeric. . Only those of the first class will stand washing. To test a ' yellow it is first boiled in water, then in alcohol, and finally in lime water. If the former are col ored quite a yellow, and the latter a reddish, while tint: the color is the stuff acquires a reddish-brow- n ' not fast. Blue. This color is not fast if, on; boiling with or a blue alcohol, it gives to it a red. a violet-re- d color, or, if on warming it with muriatic acid and water or alcohol, the liquid turns red, or th goods urn red or brown-re',' . Violet and Purple. Madder violets, and those e formed by combining w,ith cochineal are fast. If fast colors are combined with fugitive colors they lose their value. All violets are to bo considered poor if they give up a considerable amount rf color when boiled in equal parts of water and alcohol, and allowed to stand ten or fifteen minutes. Also if they change to a brown or, reddish brown by Doiling in dilate muriate acidi Orange. Tlie goods aw first boiled in water; if his is colored the colors are fugitive. If the wa ter remains colorless, the sample is next boiled with l,t ' alcohol, to which it should cive no color: ' Green Dilute alcohol should not Ijo colored bluepgrceirorycllowhen boiled vnthrthe -- goodsif norsnouia muriatic acid acatiire a red or blue color. Browns Are not soeasUy tested; If. however. tliey give a red color to water, or a yellow color to alcohol, they may be considered as fugitive. Black. If, on boiling the goods in water con' taining some muriatic acid, it only imparts a yelHOUSEHOLD HINTS. low color to the liquid, tho color is fast. If, on the To Bleach Discolored Flannel. To restore the other hand, the liquid acquires a red color and the but originarappearaneo of "white flannel, which has stuff turns brown, the dye is not permanent, " r. ; turned yellowish by lying for a long time, or by nearly worthless. wear, soak for an hour in a weak solution ot of soda, then- add a little dilute muriatic acid htir well and com the Tcsael for! twenty minutes! HYGIENIC IpTES. After this take the flannel out, rinse in plenty of soft water and dry in the sun. The flannel will be Dyspepsia. The following extract was white. : purely commended to our notice by an experienced , ta-work4- r w.": or-yello- , ; . g ' ; d. - indigo-carmin- ; -- ' ? ate - Removing Grccse physician. : Consider lor a moment how - . do,"wlS1o7now the pleasures of the' palate tempfus J; jtocriMoretftisisatlsfy our strength; when edrinkcdholnotil I wheii i when we take second glass, hot because a v second was required, but because the first was ve'ry good; when smoking becomes a regular habit, r instead of an occasional in- - -dulgence; In all tliese cases we aro sowing are diji- - X seeds for an inevitable harvest--w- e gently earning our wages and -- incurring a recorded obligation. If only all wages were as well earned and all debts as certain to be paid ! When we sit lazily in our arm-chaunder circumstances which Indicate that we ought to be in active exercise; when we sit -in close rooms and in a Vitiated atmosphere, instead of breathing the clear airof heaven; when we go on toiling and thinking long after our sensations warn us that we have expended the incomoand are drawing on the capital of our cerebral strength; 1when- ever, in a wora, we neglect tne plainest physiological laws (which it is difficult not- to read: whenever our attention is drawn to them); then weiare laying the foundation of. that functional disorder of the digestive or gans which entails so certain and so sad n --stomach ail- penalty. I am sceptical-abomenis wnicn a mannas uonu iiuimug iu I scarcely believe in any which either he or his progenitors have not worked hard to generate. I believe, moreover, that those are few which; however induced origi nally, may, not be cured or kept In bounds, even after mature age is reached, by sedulous care scientifically directed, ."tVd:,a're , Tamiliar withtheice;oTCornaro nrpTiis w'hbj awaken Ingat forty years of age to the consciousness of a shattered constitution, yet contrived, by sagious observation and incessant vigilance, to recover the tone of an outraged and . enfeebled stomach, ahd lived in laughing comfort to a grcori old nge. ?Enigmas of Iiife.1i - . : i li ni :::b4:L. A t i cBoeax aFOR colds. A, writer . in ... Slie Medical Kecord cite a number of cases in which borax has proved a" most effective in certain forms of colds. Her states that in sudden hoarseness or loss of voice in public speakers or singers; from colds; relief for an hour or so, as by magic, ,may be often obtained by slowly dissolving, and partially; swallowingjiailump rof borax the ; size of a garden pea, or about three or four grains ;held in the mouth for ten (minutes Before speaking or singing. This produces , a profuse secretion of saliva, orJwrateing,, of tho mouth and throaty probablylrestorin -- ir - 1 - . -- a m a 1 A ut ue-serv- e. ! : ; -- Make . a paste ' of vast an amount, of our personal misery, to quiclUuie,lwa.vhwsvrattd as little water as say nothing of the actual km and of the possible put it on the grease spots, when you have wretchedness which our consequent with stone cr wood.. ' It may, however, discolor the on others, arises from dispepsia. brings wood or make it darker. In case yoti wish to avoid Perhaps this malady is answerable, directly the cover wood or this, paper with 'dry carbonate or indirectly, for more unhappiness, and does the Voice or tone to the dri?d vocal cords,! of magnesia, powdered chalk, or even dry; starch more to lower the general tone and average Just as wetting brings back the;1 missing lewder, place on top a thick blotting-paperan- d i of human enjoyment; than any other. AVo notes t a flute when it is too dryi v i i then a hot flatiron. This will drw out the greesc. all of us know something of it, many of 'us not fully drawn out, scrape : off the. powder and it -- some know.itwell;we, repeat the operation. Some liquid ammonia may measure, how much the , cheerfulness and Mrs. Gove who has been in charge' of the finish the job if the heat docs not fully clean it all of our .life is brightness office Los W. Spots. : ill-temp- er -- Jf can-estimate,- Up.'"'" To - (V k Kia 7 faults V;f and ignorant of parents and teachers, you will say; and i what they could have checked in time had they known and valued the laws ofvphysiol-ogTrue, but we ourselves are, or have been, or will befi those , very, parents and teachers. . Then, do we not, ourselves comr mi much the; samp follies iis our children, . Dres Stein of Proft Fabrics. Colored Testing when wo eat, as. we habitually do, more than ! den has recently published a little book on this is good for us; when we eat as most 6f us few tests "which . . I ; eck-7-le- ss ;' , Following is the nictliod recom- - - -in daily at U. Telegraph by Angelos has its pernicious prevalence,, how impaired, it saps good resigned on account of ill health, and Miss spirits, how it sours good temper. Well, SI E.;LUtlo formerly assistant in the office how obvious are its causes; in most instan ; - ?; r eT j uasuuirjju ui:iu , -.- .?-. 