01 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. to known to yield supremacy to another in tho pioof and leaping, by the imagination the conclusion that Hfo: is merely r matter. , art of keeping up a fire? Thoit firw! fin nlf imatft'mHtfpr bnlV Ultimate. - Next ih:6raer comeV the ordinary hot-aihowever, mvin vrto th e limited; po wer of the "This . is naMe gobd one; it applied to its habit of microscope), and'straightway iav, iti3jtnown:ta existwithout eniittidg:abbat chlanatmosphere as : sin-- ; Itfel although of tiers are taught to dread in tho hotf.hereafter.; life; and has' not a single characteristic : life in By such unscientific methods :Here,"aiso; there are' degrees? )f 'sulphur are now ousness, but with the best1 of ' theni flowers these scientific men, whoso, names, the unwill shrivel and' silver articles i tarnish, and so famous, have impbseiiupon learned and credulous, ah;''raadbmen .lps'e I humauiungs accustomed to it grow dangertheir faith in the eternal .truths f of uoa. ously: sensitive! to outside air.;: Steam-heatinin-- ; although: a great, improvement on the Darwinism is another, fbnn of" the same samo .un jbnrnkair.method, involves some slight dis- fidelity, working i ts e vil . by tho methods, .arwineapaioius. advantages ; tj; th eycpils - of unsightly pipe in scientific conciasiohs acrainst every axiom , of science, each room must bo elaborately covered and of' science, , mere .space:- and4n roomsrso Jieated and:i)afwinisni is, instead thetcidffc'C'and. Religion, arc . as; qne.j we are apt to notice .hero and there Odd. to lead "God and from come The both; from of the the LsauceunderJ pipe,: joints "The: heavens declare the glory of God,; l whicliemaytinfqr nnd thA statiitos of the Lord are ricrht. re kepj&esojoi of ho we yer, jm impro veme'nt .oaV in erVteamJ joicing tho heart'; are acb the same narp. fpipes We need sensible and learned ineri, t6 come :vlth"thbjauth6nty ft forward and show tho world what fools these kir brough i .fresh' from oil and are, and thus break the bo LjJ the cMarisesihcb' through the rgistersi spell which is as grohndles3ja$ thq ICock Itcarf fierer1 bo bdirned, can. nevdr be dryj lane Ghostbut which holds' so many alH p ifeatffefVeP :with suicidal 'gas& ; ; it ''is SO brand ih'ifs5 warmth Jjthae a room full of full of May; It at Christmas' WOMAN'S RECORD. ahd garden plants thrive : in, it; .'ferns and lycopodiums Miss Edna Dean Proctor, of Brooklyn, has will 'preserve' their dewy softness,' instead of sued tho Graphic," of New York; V i tattUngi""is they do, in furnace heat; and for $100,000"Dajiy damages for slandering ner, bfivedjcamellias'wUi keep .the prjmises they was. not mentioned ; at al and not, as is their in the her name raadoiin jthd green-hous. paper." buds waxen cast doYatheirjhalf-fillevonty r Mrs. Joseph Utton, of Boston, who had h despair! f y 'Such a heating apparatus costs more than been insane' for several days previous, rea common I furnace but tho increase An cently took a dose of Paris green, and then , Between healijfulness is ar beyond the increase jumped into the Charles River. ' ' y in exhnse; tliatlf 'Lwere advising a party thetwo she achlevea:suiciae.-about j make that 'homo: of their own, I Alcott; sister of "Lonisa iiVlancl - should rsvyr do Without your parlor mantel, daughter of Bronson Alcott, the Concord ' tit need; leave ypdr i wallsjunpapered, Sage, recently exhibited, at Concord, Mas, "o your ceiins. unstuceoca your winuows un- cattle-shoa pair of her beautiful panel but curtained, viea,;ypur.-floorunearpeted,y paintings of flowers. She spent some time ' for a to. furnace put away moiey enough, get last year in the picture galleries of London; steanvneatea ir. ;; The "Golden Dawn' tells that, Nettie TQ BE CONTINUED. La Grange, who, ;iiV the absence of Mr. Johnson issnccessf ully cond iictihg.th e Santa Barbara- "Press," has been sued for libel by our sciexoe' DEPARTMENT. one Clarence Gray, of that city. She was bound over in the sum of '$2,'000"tdappear ?; THE GlEAT. PROBLEM before the next Grand Jury. Tvo gallant NATURE VIEWED if TIIE LIGHT. OF MODERN Barbarians promptly went oh her bond. : . ...' FOOD FOR REFLECTION. . r, Ia : it g, dso-occup- -- y . coh-cducte1- ritf ; pseudo-scientis- ts Dear Sister Richards: Thavfl iust beenreadinff the' "Juvenile InstruqtorVfor Septcmber..26ht. i Something Fork; took, myi attehfTofi ;;;ahd. l thought: J , would iiO to inaKearemapuiiyu i.(uiruui fho Exponent HoVWrites abqut the Span- - ih1;Prtrk SundatfifechbolhaVlngrah sioti to; Aitkin's Parki bal excur- - (tfiitf a1 nn (flft'oicf' fifflo ff Utah :tM6 near ; tho mouth ; of Spanish F6rk:River.IL":And ; ho:,says:iOn.;amying if -- LiftT 1 at thoeasurb; grountk wo jveroelcomed with applause and aemonsiraiions oi joy t h a r a.? i ri p n ts ftf Lak'b Side, who; had voluntrtVriv erected ra and prbteHn!ch;!his Of use hisvrcspectlve bbat thf guests."' y When I read this, l tnougnr, wnai a goou, kind, truly Christian spirit must actuate tho Side.- - And people of that little town Lako I wished in my heart thafall tho people in all our: settlements,. could feeMiko that to ward each other; snot only upon excursion wo ' - 'aprobf-6fnitsipudty"i3h- at $ . : ai-thou- gh e, d ' - : -- so-f- ; K) w ( w, ; s - ! ) ; . ; ' BtlEXCE. i TnE woman suffrago meeting at Providence, R. I., recently was an uncommonly interesting gathering, and thojmpress that the Smith sisters of Glastonbury, Ct. and the Fosters of Worcester,' Mass., have made upon the cause lias been particiiiaiiy noti.ee-abl.Indeed, the lead i ng subj eciof. the ad, Mr, Liefchild has written a work on the above subject now eigaging the , attention . of scientists to the exduison, frequenlty, of It is interesting a to note common;sense. f the views of Dr. Crosbyby whom an intro-- ' v duction of the above wor ;Has been writ- -- ten. Without entering hto tho arena nf controversy where the bondi of creation arc contending so vigorously, wo may quote apart of Dr. Crosby's opinion ufon the cub. J issue:. ;.i ; Z' K. joctat .. "The royal Psalmist said, "Tho heavens declare the glory of God, and the firmament showelh his handy work." The rabd- ern' Hnxleys respond : "The' hcaTens declare nbthin'g at all and1 the firmament :M ultimately but eternal protoplasm.,, In this . happy and hopeful response the materialists : are as much traitors to ' science as enemies to religion. They ignoro- all: tho fact3 of mind. rThi3 wholo department . of cognitions is neglected in arranging their prem-- . Isesl. The very first canon of science is thus 'violated which demands ' that all " facts bo collated as data. Then, a second fallacy of which they are guilty i3,leaving scientific . ' : . . ei dresses was taxation without'representatipn. Lucy' Stonb tsaid : History will garner up Inurela for Abba Kelly Foster.' who'tiiit her gay life, wit H all its hopes, upon the altar of a great reform," and "thecart in'which the Smith sisters stood to plead' with 'their townsmen' shi nld be put in' Ihd epe ndchce Hall as an opject oi veneratiois." - : - A well d resscd man entered a j e wel ry store and asked if Jio might look at the cups in the window. "Tncse' said the jeweler, handling one. "are racb .cups?" . "Race cups? What are race cups?" ; "Why," replied the jeweler, "they are cups X had ordered .to bo made for prizes to the best racers." "Well, if that's so; suppose you and I start for one," and, with cup in hand, he started, the jew ; y eler after him; Ho won tho cup. Ji. - but in all their .business transac-tinnsan- d affairs of: every'day iifo as well. If, wo felt and acted with such good Will towards-all, wo would Mlove our neighbors as Ouess Who. ourselves I think; J I - ' - The striking succoss of Miss Thompson in the Royal Academy exhibition at London has called attentions toy the English y female schbbls'of art," in the leading one of which, that at South TKensirigtonshe was once a student y Wo haVe"bec ihe d istr ibu tibn of pri zes at "tho Bloomsbury school, at whicli 'tho archbishop of York aars7from the reixnrt : that J there aro 124 schools of tho kind in the qfli-iizW.T- Zmi(LMtimn rjnited-Kihgdo- m them. Zir. Therb'are ; five grades ;pt; com pet one open to alt the scKobls; yone for the ; V Qn; individual; school, for Jprizes presented : by the queen," and. oy; thb science and: art department; thei third for certificates of excellence iii various branches and, of efliqiency as Iteachersih eLfbu r t hforl.alr,ecentlX;en- s scholarship; andf finally, do wed from time to time by friends for prizes given of the school. ; The grand exhibition is held at tho South Kensington school, and, In speaking of the, Astonishing progress in art culture mdde in England, in recent years, that no fewer Mr. Hawley, ;R. A., than 180,000; works have, been sent thither from the various schools. : Miss Thompson's geniu3 is a., spur and exemplar to these young women,;noV that shq has so brilliantly achieved recognition by her "Roll Call. "Woman's Journal.'.' : ... .:. . two-year- ; . TitE latest and most; plausible plan brought forward- for- - running street .cars 'in cities withbut tho aid of horses ;i$ a' foreign in .which the' moUye power iised is an, arrangement, of powerful iprihgs incased in of courso on cylinders, lfko fwtch-$pringa Vcry.largo scaled anfdr tho application of which to thb cars ,nbV employed issaid bo extremely-sin- l pie and .casjr.' .yTheso springs are wound Mp by smallof.stationary the. line, steam engines at each terminus and when so wound up, will propel tho, cars, even with stoppages, for a longer distance than 'any existing lino of this kind extends. of The action is reversible, the application , Mtlsfac-in every respect the brake-powtory, and the working of tho whole thing - dc-vic- s, 1 er h pronounceda - success. .y' ..;rl .... :: ... e, - 