r 24 EX PONE NT. W O MAN' S i . on stylo ' gen- and "put been iterating and reiterating that, in a yond their means, crinnot maintain. Their which they moral fight, woman is simply dauntless; erally wives knowing less than they of the purse shut our with even eyes all we and the know, S. W. Clemens) Mark Twain (Mr. from depths at command, accept the husband our and voters, that, an'i can write Congress upon eloquently noted humorist, and told estimate of their ability to live, and they the ate of Adam apple that as the the following serious day on subjects, sensibly in a dress as their lords clearly wish them to do. article on tho Woman's Temperance iuove-men- t, on Eve, down to the present aay, man, so the crash comes, and "poor Charley" and Suffrage, contributed to the Lon- moral fight, lias pretty uniionniy shown And is commiserated, while his little wife's himself ta be arrarrant coward. don Standard, abundantly demonstrates. the blame. shoulders are saddled with ' "Hearth and Home. : Would you consider the conduct of these I do thoroughly CRITICISING DRESS. crusaders, justifiable. voiceless themselves find justifiable. They my boots the "I was very near selling in tho making of the laws, and the election One of the most enjoyable women we know, to a friend. "How of officers to execute them; Born with aside from having her person decently cov- - ftthpr dav." said John, so?" "Well, I bad them brains, born hi the country, educated, nrpd.f i ' comfifletelv unsonhisticated as re-tljeyjand their wcards dress or fine manners; and she is quite tongues tied and their hanfef fered, vh'IIen as ind ifiVren as regards the same in ner DOCTOR CROCKWELL. foreign-borevery ignorant, whiskey-drinkinfripndi. in all the vears we have known savage in the land may hold office; help hor, we never heard her pass a criticism treatment of in mjikn tho laws, de&rrade the dignity of nnnn an vf article of dress. She loves her Has liad nearly ) years ekperience In the J" diseases, making1 their complaints a speciality. lie tho former, and break the latter at his own friends for themselves, not for their clothes. female truarantecs sate, easy and speedy relief in perilous case, sweet will; Thoy see their fathers, hus- The thought of her insures a sense of rest. without the unpleasant and dangerous use of instruments , ' ' ' bands, and brothers, sit inactive at home, She would enjoy a .visit with us inia-dre- ss . but with simple herbs. and allow tho scum of tho country" assem- - ten years out of date as well as if wo had Tlii remedies fill the nuptial couch with bliss, surround J ble at the "primaries," name tho candidates worn one of the latest mode. Sho never the heart with joyous ones and prevents their unUmely :Sl for office from t heiro wn vile - ranks, an J, makes us uncomfortable by saying," Why you vent. 1Q years the last for numerous He refers to his patrons unrebuked; elect them. They live ; in the wear blue? It is dreadfully unbecoming," inTJtah. ... . midst of a country where there is no end to or "Your dress is altogether too long your Residence near the streetcar track, 9th Ward, Fourth the laws, and no beginning to the execution crinoline is horribly out of shape," or "Why East St., Salt Lake City. v of them. And when the laws intended to don't you wear a corset? if would give you protect their sons; from intemperance, lie some shape," and so on through your entire torpid and without sign of life, year5 after wardrobe. II. DINWOODEY matter is a that there year, they recognize We all know no well bred person passes Has removed his Furniture from Main St. to his tnree that interests them personally a matter unfavorable comments upon the clothing of storey Brick Store qn which comes straight home to them. And is something well meaning But it guests. since they are allowed to lift no legal voice BLOCK WEST OT COBSEK, people often perpetrate unconsciously, and FIRST JM)UT ST., 'i state of the things they the thoughtless comment makes a sensitive, outrageou$ against T Where he is prepared to do a j . suffer under jn this regard, think it is no untried or woman miserable either, AS WELL AS A BETAIL BUSINESS. wonder that Jtieir patienco has broken down for the girl, woman wears WHOLESALE a entire Many day. at last, and they have tried to persuade the wearing of which constitutes themsel ves that they are justifiable in break- dresses, a martyr, so far as her taste and fancy her ing the law of tresspass, when the laws that are concerned WALLACE But by some unfavorable i should make the tresspass needless are fal- circumstancesv she can do no better for the H. Has the best, iarge.-- and purest stock of confec lowed by the voter to lie dead and inoper- time being. And then, for some one to ex ative. 5V"';: in Salt Lake city, Just the place for ladies claim, "Oh, dear! I thought you threw that Uonary The present Crusade will, doubtless, do dress away long ago." Rural New York- to purchase. but little work against intemperance that er. ' will be really permanent; but it will do what is as much, or even more, to the purCLUB RATES. Kind words aare the bright flowers of pose, I think. I think it will suggest to earth's existence; use them, and especially more than one man that if women could around the fireside circle. are jewels Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part They ,vote they would vote on thovSido of of the Pablishersj to increase the circulation of the werM J:QTOhealthe beyondpricejindpQ they did vote anffspeak rather wounded heart and make the weighed-dow- n frantically and furiously; and it will also plated In its publication, by making It truly an expoglad. spirit nent of the views of the women of Utah, anstalned by suggest that when tho women once made i up their minds that it was net good to have them, read by them, and Its columns enriched with a tho widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer "primaries" in the hands A WORD FOR THE WOMFN. -- of the following liberal terms to clubs for the present vol loafers, thieves, and pernicious little poli' 'i-;:. ume: 1" r ticians, they would not sit indolently at Women are often extravagant. The fact 1 year with a copy to the getter up of Ihome, as their husbands and . brothers do cannot be denied. But that are more 10 copies; $18.00.. they club. the now, but would hoist their prayer banners, so than men is by no means true. Asa rule 15 to the of a 1 with up getter copy copies, year, ' take the field in force, pray the assembled ,26 00 woman wishes to live within her hus-theclubv every ; and slums of to political scum back to tho holes a the 1 with copy hfunrl'a getter up ' ana in nine families out oi 20 :copies, year, " . ... income, 1L ...t. y iicic the club, ana a jramea steei eBfrravmg x3xio ... uiey WlUllg, UUU Set SOmO CanaiCiateS fPn nil th nnmirin rlmifnr nil fo flnna inches, of rresident Bngnam ioung, seumg . iii ior numan Deings to vote for. I dearly by tho wife. This constant iteration of the .;- - .;". ''. 34 00 price, $3.W want the women to be raised to the politiof to wTomen, however, has secured 30 copies, 1 year, with a copy the getter up cal altitude of the negro, the imported sav- acharge against the club, and a superior first proof steel enof for the theory, kind acceptance passive graving of President Brigham Tpung, handage, and tho pardoned thief, and allowed to and nothing is more common now than for 43 00 somely framed, selling price H vote. It is our last chance, I think. The men salaries two or of with three and. additions Clubs can be commenced at women will be voting before loner; and then young dollars a year to lament their ina- can be made after the first list ofanytime, thousand names has been sent if a B. F. Butler can still continue to lord it bility to marry, because women are so exGetters up of clubs ihould notify us of their intentions in Congress; if the highest offices in the One of these has recently told so that we can credit them with all names sent in. land can still continue to be occupied by travagant. Iho public through the newspapers how it In all cases give the name and residence of each subperjurers and robbers; if another Congress takes all his income of two thousand dollars scribe! , plainly and correctly written, with the time like the consisting of fifteen to support him as a single man, and after when each subscription Is to commence, and whether for honest men and two hundred and ninety-si- x over the bill of items and finding a who! or half year. of the other kind, can once more be cre looking that it tikes fifty-tw- o letter at the risk, dollars worth of perMoney can be remitted by registered ' ated, it will at least bo time, I fear, to give fumery every year to V keep him sweet, we of the publishers. over trying to save the country by human one. from quite agree with him in thinking that he Subscribers desiring the address changed beings, and appeal to providence. Both the should not marry. A woman weak enough FostOdce to another, should send us their former, a great parties have failed. I wish wo might to wed such a youth would probably give well as their new address. l : nave a woman's party now, and seo how We hope that agents and ladies throughout the Terrihim trouble even with a much larcrer in that would work. I feel persuaded that, in- come s to draw upon. The trouble U tory, especially Presidents, and pCcers of Relief than his will aid us by getting up clubs, by bringing the extending me suurage to women, this coun men want to live in a more than costly stylo . a j i ii incomes will favorably to the notice of, DQU'SUbtcrlbersand iry couia lose nothing,' and must apain i allow. They hire houses roxesT otherwise their influence to Increase its circulahalf-sole- d.' V A . R n,. u,m 1 g, - ' vh---- --. j ; . 'r . CO-O- P. I . t - -- jcnoral-ityfven- all-power- Tf ful ' - : ' I , ' . -; " . . : ; forty-secon- d, ' - ' ; Socle-tie- - ..... . ! ' J":'1 . - . ' . ... . .... ' using tion and usefulness. ' ,i ' . - L ; . ii - ' 