WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 124 OTt- lrayerto-'ourTaf- SPLINTERS. V Cherry trees, are in bloom on the Pacific . A plastic cast- of Pxbt Agassizface siope-.T- ncvte Sterling, an rAmerican girlis sijuging in London,-i- t is said with. great sucess... a started in New fyork,deyoted or joy, - Jiow t) the interests of the .Patrons of IlusbanoV divino lovewith-afulrie- ss "The rv, bears the name and motto of necessary them that mothers in .Israel teach their. children ttf twayi that While the v are JScyllic&to tortiori" . . .. . .Iowa City in order to invest 11H ?nnnof.nf nmi thoir minds rne from . truile, . aucat be sold its cannot? has a theatre, public library may be made, that: impressions tion .A... A Derby, Conn., farmer has, had the obliterated. : We should not let anything good fortune to have a lead mine discovered lay in our wav, to hinder us -- from the .dis- -A paper lately, ...-,- iOOTirCali fora rou uceti -- But whatever their, daily pursuits may be, it is surely the right and duty or all to seek to im- prove the mental faculties, to. increase ' in intel- ligence;and develop thought, thus; producing a multiplicity of blessings in nameless ways. , ;It cannot be j ust ly requ i red of any one, even . i , J uuu, To instruct thf m our children. 7 balcsof cotton last yean....ATbrofher or jdiSei)f:the.5robl ja-p- so graciously lends 'them; aii(l;.which; they, in no worthy rriaiiner are hringing into use. v To every one is given "talents of some kind, to be improveu, ana wun jWnicn 10 accompiisn good to self and forj)therSi V e hayesaid that different vocations must necessarily he followed favor ori implore forgiveness mr: an error committed in an unguarded .moment Can fhnf ohhl nr norson fro to rUinJW.nO OUCl'S ud daily braver in meekness and sincerity, ooyili Jhe ; Angelsot rjigousness forsake such ? lra ver bn n g& blessings, thatjcan not be obtained without it, and is answered by the bestowal of faith, wisdom, prudence and MBKKesidenidMn seriously ill... A nephew of .Victor Emman- . ipv n f f n Inhnr octnt ! n nonst VI linfi I .ill j t h a h 1 uiTThe nowers prjnci pTeibH;ljp examples before them, worthy to be imita .. - areexhaustedTandHcre. rejmainsliib' fBBedrtificlfnatto brightening influence and lasting benefits ac- in arrived of the Genoa, Duke, lately uel, feT'We shoutdolrfTi creditors of bur cluldrenraiidito icall mi themTto pray. cniihgfronizintdlintsreflectidnir jftih'i?rai hnnlrQ niiil nntiiTA in nil fKfir vnrlprl frtflv no o tnnu theyr-dvlJcall vTand " i rrecret " jay Cooke &jCostrcm t phases. We believe almost as little in constant to lanin teach them we can simple ly before his death, sProf Agassiz wrote derstand, drudgery as in allowing time to pass away un- Newfoundland' to gain full particulars abc-uof like to a pur prayer,: ;that express guage, improvel. Por although the latter course can ade.vJifishAVwniclUM Savior iretaugh.t.',IIi3 disciegyrjajrlng,, aewmpl ish no good there is often m ucli harm on thafeeoast...;.,Newjrprk city is to have a "Our Father who art in heSven."; He gave ' "'; new theatre to bo known as the "Bucking-hanV,- them this rternthat theyghtealLpin dohtf by tlie: pursuance of Ihermef. which will coyer 1 3, a 12 square feet the JPjither, in simplicity arid: truth and Unremitting iiaru worK, witli little or no at- The Common Council of Poughkeepsie, said'dri like mariner pray ye.??, V Iahy. a and wife to feel tnat they are. mere partners in is exception, single Nt tV., c6mposed;with Citv. Lake Salt .VSince some business transaction, instead ot belncr 1871, nearly of; temperance men.... 3l -what they should be, and that which they have 2, 500 enlisted men have deserted from'their h PacificStatesiindiTerrito-rie.s.?.vArin the . covenanted to be to each other. regiments eat sells fur less, by 33 percent, T II E W 0 M A N; S 'EXPOIS1 ENT The Spirit of God, the spirit of love, and than potatoes, bushel for bushel, in proline, union cannot stay in rich abundance, where all Ill.v, v. The United States Consul at Copen- and work, work,wrorkt; with is hurry-scurrL. GKEENE EICHAEDS, EDITOE. has been elected G. W. " rIf t ; T "' J y, -- Grilfin, hagen, Hon, Follow of the Denmark Royal Association of Northern AntiquitieS(.. It is .reported that a Vickbburg girl has gone crazy because her father would not let hcjr appear in accrtiuni)er-formanc-e on the stage...... Seth Adams who died recently in Boston, left an estate valued An ear-- oteorn-w- i thlSlG grains has been produced in Franklin township, Pennsylvania..... .A distemper among cats is prevalent in Lawrcnce,Massachusetts ......The law.requiringJlM) printing of public documents for general distribution, has been repealed by the Senate: . . . . .Agassiz' physiciaus are said to be greatly puzzled over tho; nature of r his diseasehexais:T pjjU att F70 00 0 to prayer and praise.? in Salt Iakc City, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, S J; one copy,' six month?, fr. Tenr copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight lines of nonpareu sjace, one time, 2; per nioi th, S'i. Campbell k I'atterjton, General Agent, Eat Temple street, Salt Lake City. Miss Cornelia II. Tlcrne, Business ManajtT. Offic hours from iLto 12 a. m--. and from 2 ti 5 p.. hm on Alondays an i Pulllifhed semi-month- ly Address all basinet communications to ; ' t; V , r ' X? " Publishers Wojijx's Expoxct, Salt Lake City Utah. . SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. j .u , discriminate properly between the portion of lLlt ue spent m worn, anu mose vmcu suoum nine 't?1 nortinn whinh shnnlrl lio nriron f n b( nrltr vanranm tion and rest. But it is a subject of which all should endeavor to1 gain a "proper understand-- - . '. r, , 1 1 obtained, put into useful practice by the masses of the people, great reforms would be brought about in regard to time and labor. ' 15, 1874. " - i -- TIME AND L ABOIL H.v that died, peopl e IIoiTfsjlhiy slihdears a re gi ven'-tbu15 was buried and years ago.... .Ihe schools much the same, but for many different purposes. of St. Louis are giving great satisfaction with the Kindergarten system...... Italeigh, It would not do for all to engage in the same N. C, has no publ ic school ..... . Agai n the pursuits; there must be a great variety of occu" pations to satisfy all the different wants and Kentucky -- Legislature is considering a convention..,. ..Bishops in Ger- tastes of man kind; and in the wise providences many are hereafter required to swear alle- of GTCi'tion, it is not designed that any should giance to the State.... ..During the year of he idlers. As all must live and all consume, all 1873, $1,193,000 have been given or pledged must necessarily be provided for in some way; to American colleges.. -- Iii the public schools and it is but mete that each one should share, of Tennessee, there are 178,076 pupils, of in the vast amount of labor which must be per? wliom 24,325 are colored .i;. Caleb Gushing formed upon the earth, in order that its inhabis to address 'the survivors of the fexican itants may be fel, elothed and sheltered.-r- - -Jan. 1 5th;'... Mr. War at Washington And 3et we often see strong, intellectual, fine from Senator Hale Co., looking men loitering. about street corners, or Hatch, Kepublican has been expelled from the Alabama Senate. lounging in Stores and shops, as seemingly unconcerned as if '(hey had been placed upon, the earth for no particular purpose, with nothing For the Ejci'onknt. in the world to do. We find healthy, sprightly PJIAYEI1. appearing women, possessed of abundance of and ability, promenading the sidePrayer is the sweet incense of the soul. intelligence or sitting at ease, with no apparent aim It lends a gentle influence to the mind; en- walks, life as nothing could be required at. wraps our thoughts to dra'w them away from in .handsthough fo but laugh and fritter the golden thc torrui'tilleJliing of time and mortality; their refines the sensitive part of our beings; hours away." And leads us to higher qualities; and makes us contrive to be ostentatiously -- dressetl, which aspire.to heavenly things. It enables us to sometimes lead? thinking people to try to unkeep in store, treasures of sacred knowledge. derstand how they manage; or how ...theywoul(l The child who is early taught to p ray, in get along when, in the events of fortune, they led to follow may chance to be left to their oni resources. riper years, cannot after vice, or become wicked. In itIri1- - And next,to wonder what account they will - flectve'moments, it yearns to offer a simple render to GchI for the precious time and gifts he rifled hog AlPPRECIATIVE. nin-;Diufbarto- In a large meeting of the Senior and Junior 4 eon-stitutio- nul . " ; ; ; op-posi- ng to-da- y, suclriereons"-Tieariy-alxhiyttmanifesJel-- ive ; -- . Betrenchment Association, held in the 11th Ward Hall, Salt Laker City, Jan. 17 1874, the following resolutions were read and ' . unanimously accepted."; Besolved That we, ladies of Utah, recognize the movements of Woman State, and, City Associations, in memorializing .Congress in behalf of Territorial Woman Suffrage and in certain disgraceful suicidal bills, now' before Congress, as efiorts in the right direction, and in consonance with the true spirit of liberty, American Republicanism, and, of social and national progress"- ; Besol vetl That we,' in meeting assembled, unitedly 'express our. true appleciation of Jhelr, labors of "love; with thanks to the ladies of, Boston and lassachusetts, New York, Indian- -' apolis, St. Louis, Missouri, and Santa Clara Cal. Woman's Suffrage Associations also 'every. other organization', and" all Individuals that have exercised an influence to sustain us in our rights as American citizens for the interest sup privileges guaranteed, hy our sacred Constitu- tion, which are now being threatened with extinction, through political piracy. Besolved -- that we also give an expression of our sympathies with our sisters in the States sincerely hoping and trusting that ere long, fco-operat- 1 1 . in j : their efforts in their own behalf will be crown- - . 