WOMAN'S EXPONENT. HYGIENIC NOTES. Advantages, and. Best Method of Walking. The special advantages of walk iuer. as an exercise, are many. Perhaps the most .important is that it takes us out of doors, and keeps us there In the pure air and is bright . sunshine. The exercise,-whi- ch gentle and prolonged, increases not only the frequency but.the fulness of respiration, thus bringing a much larger quantity of oxygen into the lungs and through them, to the blood, thereby giving the finishing touch to the process of digestion and vitalizing "the red current of life." Another advantage to respiration Is this: when a person is sit ting or standing still, the exhaled air from fruits and berries, slightly acid, willjmov the ordinary diarreas of early summer. Common rice, parched brown like coffee, and then boiled and eaten in the ordinary way, without any other food, is, with per-feet quietude of body, one of the most ef-fcctive remedies for troublesome looseness of the bowels. Some of the severest forms of thatdis tressing ailment called dysentery, when the bowels pass blood, with constant desire and Vain effortsto stool, are sometimes en tirely curGd by the patient eating at the time a heaping tablespoonful of raw beef, cut up very fine, and repeated at intervals of four hours, , until cured, eating and drinking Halls' nothing else in the meanwhile. r Jourroniealth; rtheTufigs again, fills the space - about the faco, and a ' portion of it is taken into the lungs at the w rjext breath; especially is this the case if the head is bent forward; but wThen a ierson is walking and expels the air from his lungs. his head is carried past the expired air be fore he draws in another breath, and thus ho gets a supply of pure air, with its full proportion of oxygen, at every inspiration, and thus is the vifror and vivaifv whloh re sults from exercise in the open air partially accounted for. walking is very, beneficial to the digestive organs, by the gentle yet constant motion which it imparts to them, ana which is ' essential to their long-co. . ' x. t I1L Ti J unueu neaumui action. ic onngs into ac tion and properly develops more muscles than any Other mode of exercise. It also tends to equalize the circulation of bloods One great, objection to. walking is that it takes so: much time. True, it takes some time; more, as a general thing, than it does to ride: but so does the accomplishment of n- 1 A. 1 desirable? IrUhendy however, ifcresu HI in the saving of time, by preserving the health and increasing the vigor of all the physical and mental functions. In no way is there so much time wasted, to say nothing of vitality, as In being ill; and yet people are unwilling to give a little time to keep- - DIVERSIONS' Can a lover be called a suitor when he doesn't suit her?" The "refined young man" has been fined the second tinio. A rAPER that has many fine points. A PaPer of needles. 4No professional man lives so much from hand to mouth as a Dentist. Howto turn people's heads. Como into a concert late with creaky boots. Honest ducks dip their heads under wa ter to liquidate their little bills. Where is the man who ca u always get bread when he needs (kneads) it? You -will find him in the baket Two young ladies of La Crosso were stand ing by the siue 01 a ditch, 16 feet wide, -- Z 1 relr escort isaidsnakes!" and they cleared It was expected when Anna Dickinson to the top of Pike's Peak, that she rode would have made a speech on the occasion: but it seems that, for once, she was willing to let Pike speak alone. mg well! To obtain the greatest amount of good "The arrangements of nature are admir from walking, it must, like everything else, able," exclaimed a young lady during the . bedone-right;In-the-firstiplacef-itis-- 4U in lateiighwinds. disarranges our' dress The-same-wind-wh- ich ways best to have some definite object blows dust into the view when going ou to walk, some particu eyes of the would-b- e observers." lar Dlace or obiect of interest to see. sorr.fi 0vilWjriH uuu.i8 purposo to accomplish, or some friend to visit, and not walk merely for the nurDose repeatedly miscalled patriarchs partridges, of walking, if any other object can be at- - whereupon one 01 the auditors remarked, tained at tho krao time. Dut better walk "She is making game of patriarchs." This, without any object than not walk at alL The Sydney fomith said, was the most perfect ........ Dosition of the bodv while walking0 is of Pn no Knew. a xiiw uuuy auuum liicuuu v larlv Mof o man Rrmnvrl Krei, iiupuiiuuuc. . ta rk' ATTVr. riurwarul riruiu uio J u mps, Miguuy waiKiug dinner Minrtv hv onnstaniW nrmitmr In fa- ana should Tnoinciination increase siowiy, vor of strong drink, and at last said to her, according to the rapidity of the walk.- - The "You know, madam, that driuking drives head should be kept on a line with the body. aw?ay cares, and makes us forget what is dis- i xi- J I.i I..IJ m i l aou tu 1- U io juumuere agreeable. Would you not allow a man to tUCSW UUJUUWUeU lU lUS UUUUU Uy llUl CIOIU- - Mrfnlr fnr liof rootftn?" "Well, mg or omerwise. xne arms snouia oe al said the lady, "If ho sat next toperhaps so," you!" lowed to swing Ireely at the side. The resAn inebriate, some little whilo back, got piration should be carried on entirely through the nostrils, and not through the mouth. In into a car, and became very troublesomoancf commencing a long walk, walk slowly at annoying to the other passengers, so much first, and gradually increase the speed. In so that it was proposed to eject him; but a d and reverend doctor, who wa valids, and persons who are unaccustomed to beshould also a with short begin walking, walks, passenger, interposed -- for him, and Vi. V ing careful hot to overdo, and Increase thd Rnnfhnrl lilm infn 1U1 till; hw..L.v4 fnr iivv trnnA hnViovfn. distance their as strength and endurance in- mainder of tho journey. Before leaving; crease. Any ono who will practise this pre- however,- - he scowled upon tho otheroccu-pants- , and uttered somo words of contempt, cept nover ride when you can just as well walk will not only be more vigorous and but shook hands warmly with the doctor, healthy but will accomplish- far more than and said, "Good-damy friend: I see voti ho or she otherwise would.know what it Is to be drunk." i 4 i-.- l.. ; -.- af sp when she is attending to the ordinary house hold duties, must often bo remarkable. It is, we suppose, something liko this: "Mary Jane; go right up stairs, and sweep, and make the bed, and do i t quickly, too, d'yo hear! or else I'll punch your head.". Or this; "It would give me,e".Matilda, enormous" rel iefi f you'd potatoes and greens with the beef." Or this; you are eating now your fifteenth currant cake! the next thing you'll be howl-ins- r with a frightful stomach ache." Or this; "Louisa, put your bustle on, and get your woolen shawl, and come with me to Mrs. J's to make a little call; it makes no you may difference, my child, what bonnet bu Louisa comb for rr sake,wear, gracious and frizz your hair." llNiihezevening train from Albany, re- cently, was a woman bound for Wqstfield, who persisted in requesting the affable conductor to inform her when Chester was reached. Every time" when the conductor passed through the car,, he was' greeted with : "Please tell me when we get to Chester."- Courteous man though he is, even his patienco was finally exhausted, and he politely requested the unfortunate female to maintain silence, as he had heard and would heedv her injunction. Chester was finally reached, and "Chester" was yelled at tho car door. The train agaih started, and the conductor mounted the car in which was his persecutor. "Will you tell me when we get to Chester?" she said.' "This is Chester," he exclaimed, and, grasping the bell- rope, he had the train back up to the station. "I'm real glad you obliged me," said the daughter of Eve to the exasperated conductor "3Iy husband used to live here.'! cook-thos- "Al-phons- o, ; k . -- Max Adelcr says: We learn from an exchange that MTfi(Mture"of'Mamchu-- : setts has lately passed a law making it necessary that a dozen eggs weigh one and one-hapounds." We approve of this. The hens have too long had their own way in this business of laying eggs, anci they have constantly defrauded the public. It is high time this, outrage was crushed, and we are glad that the Legislature of Massachusetsr is going to dolitILlTO are to be i mposed ; upon with I mpunity by j debauched and corrupt chickens, the government for which William Penn fought and John Hancock died, is a disgraceful failure. Hereafter Mas chusetts hens will either have to lay two unco eggs or emigrate. The people will submit to their no longer. They h ,ve borne the yolk until it has become unen h rable. They denounce present eggs as vggstortion, and with the deterhens they demand a ref mination to draw up t?r- - hicken bill and pullet through the legbi laue. lf tyr-ran- ny rt r. The wife of Marshal Bazaine is a volunsamo regu- tary prisoner, under exactly the lations as her husband. She is a Mexican, with dark, lustrous eyes, eyebrows bcauti fully curved, mouth indicating unnsal resolution, a radiant, lovely face, tinged with carmine, and lips like cherries. She said: "When I married the Marshal I was seventeen. . Ho was at .the summit of power, with fortune and friends to support hi3 future, and not ashadow to overcast it.- - He gave me that bright and enviable position, and when power and friends nave vanished, my place is by his side, to share the crust of bread and all the privations with the same devotion and affection that were due tnhim is a woman in London who cannot in the zenith of his prosperity." Theri: y, for diarrea: Itipe j 1 kind-hearte- Simple remedies 19 ' 