I m ; V7' .; - V - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. y O ,- ' ' V - ; FLOWERS. made. Wash the floor thus swept with strong A PHIL. soapsuds, and spirits of turpentine after. Then artitack the carpet down. The odor is soon gone, if t Happiness is always a home-mad- o " ' sweet '' " her winsome with face, for safe 5" feel Yes, April again '. you can cle. ,; :" you open your windows,-an- d I I Comes forth, through the valleys grim Winter to chase; the be can furniture summer, at least Upholstered Her light, fariy remarks are often Thado by very witfy gladness we trace, Happy a with if soft, same the treated to applied bath, As she revels the hill tops among; men. clean cloth, and the colors will receive no injury. unhappy fine smiles on the brooklet, and lovingly dares To laugh atthe white cap the mountain peak wears, He is never alono that is in the company But before using itr brush the cushions, with a stiff : airs own to the notions tane And her sportive hand brush and a damp cloth, so as to take away of noble though tr. v Which the brisk, chilly, March winds have sung. ",T .;' '. all the dust. Idleness is hard work for those who are O! fair, sunny April, why hast thou not power If a person begins not used to it, and dull work for. those who Economical use of Nutmegs To wake the loved ones, who In winter's dread hour, to grate a nutmeg at the stalk end, it will prove are. s Have fallen asleep, like the Ieaflet.and flower Tbou sweetly rcvivest again? hollow throughout; whereas the. same, nutmeg, gra u The cultivation of pleasant associations ted M the,jOtheond,TcuV have proved sound ana Thou answereth "riuch is JIis power alone, solid to the last. This circumstance maytbnsfbe ." J- Wno'lendeth of hghfTTifennd feaafinsttTiri ment. . of acuntclibr:3ffi"eeulr amrtntepsistgS To me and to children of men. :zi i A 3IAN too busy to take eare of his health a number of fibers issuincr from the stalks and its Tljonvllt s"hortlyTCTm;Tnbi'r, 0 frail chihHrf-earttho iVmtrthF If HK continuation through the center Thave no commission forlife, death or birth: .-: tOK)lsC r.ther-- endsLwK 2w My poweflndeedrAhl how meagrerwoTthr" to it. ed and pressed by the fruit do not adhere But for the Great Ruler on high: iP-jRaffection must be eombined -- with Soon May wjthhrhamisand her graces Mill stand When the stalk is grated away, these libers, having good se nse to produce the greatest amoun t Where I now appear to be Queen of the land and in out lost their hold, gradually, drop succession, of true happiness. AndWQuidye regret Jho Wise Ruler's command? nut. whole the continues hollow the By through lX.ik mortals, fair April must die." CiTi' life forces growth r and makes men Lexa. beginning at the contrary end, the fiberf above menoff at their core end, with the sur? talkative and entertaining, but it also tends tioned t6 make them artificial. rounding fruit, and do not drop out. Fox the ExroK"T-- l ; :,' ' loot-ste- .- ' . . ' I ps ' '.' B! Ml hf tt - -- ' --r- : E " - are-grat- ed HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Observing BirthdaysWhy is not the happy custom of observingljirthdays more eomnionT Lore is 'rich in devices, and a full purse is not needed on such occasions. Johnny will wear his new boots the more proudly if hn puts them on first the day he is five years old. What sweeter music than Susan's surprised laugh when she finds the breakfast- room decorated withjwreaths onjier birthday mornwill never cease to be ing? To me water-lilie- s lo than more somethTng vely flowers;: ft my birthday, years ago, I found them in my oom, the gift of a dear brother, who had obtained my favorites after a long waik and a hard row oil the pond. Ah! the fragrance of those lilies will never perish. Will you miss regretfully the rich trimming from your next new dress, if you deuy yourself its cost to buy a microscope, which will prove a source of entertainment and instruction to the whole house- hold? To keep out bad thoughts and crush evil v xtendjiicies, give food for good thoughts and happy memories, and foster their growth. , house that is never Open Tour JWihdows.-- A aired has every nook and comer filled with stale odors of cooked meats, boiled vegetables, especially cabbage and onions, which, as the weeks go by, Who has not literally reek in their hiding-placewished sometimes to hang a new servant's clothing out of doors some frosty night until it should be ladies-com- e thoroughly aired? But I have seen the fine sweeping into church with their velvets ani silks, when said velvets "and silks gave unmistakable evidence of having been housed in just such shut- There is death in such unaired up chambers. chambers. Better a swarm of flies or a cloud oi dust: better frost and snow in a room, than these intolerable smells. - Dear girls, the first thing in the piorning, when you are ready to go down stairs, thru w open your windows, take apart tholothing of vour beds and let the air blow through it as hard as it will. There is health in such a policy. It helps to keep away the doctors with long bills. sparkle, and to make It helps to make your ycur cheeks glow, and to make others love your presence. Country Gentleman. Good is slow; it climbs. Evil is swift, descends. AV hy should we marvel that it it makes great progress in a short time ? He gives twice wiio gives quickly, according to the proverb; but a gift not only given quicjkly, but unexpectedly is the most welcome of all. Fun is the most conservative element of s. societv. and ousrht to be cherishedland en. couraged by all lawful means. People never plot mischief when they are merry. .' The sinner may offend much against others, but he always sins mostagainsUiimself, . every iniquity falling with morally-debasin- g soul-- own and destructive fpree upon-hi-s When will .people learn that education is a composite process, not confined to books and teachers, but made up of the varied influences of home, fortune, and early asso" .... ciation ? To Take Ink Stains out of Goth Tie a little In a smiling region the fnWotTOneyees-onl- y A writer in an English Goth' made Water-proothe relations of hay grain, and wood; TTTs Arlinirationrnidiant Then pour on boiling water. Then untie it and put papeTsaysl Good 'S6oTlisiidS"binarf-Tit in the wash. It will come out clear. 7 ' tirely impervious to rain, and, moreover, I hav; duces nature to figures, and adds up the ' ' es 1 .. f, with-alcuiationr- a; A medical writer in an English Journal says that rheumatism and gout can be cured by the free use of asparagus, the active principle of the plant having the effect of neutralizing the lithio acid ia the system, , which is the cause of all inflammatory """" ' rheumatic ailments. . , To Prevent Clothes From Catching Fire. . Add one ounce of- - alum to the last jrater used to rinse children's dresses and they will be, rendored so nearly incombustible that they will not flame. Bed curtains or other articles may be treated in the same war. Tins simple precaution may save serious ac' cidents ; -- Night Clothes. It seems to me that the only proper receptacle for a night garment of any kind, after being worn, is a hook or nail where the sun can shine upon it and the breezes can blow over and under and through and through it, carrying away, whatever matter may have been , absorbed " from ths body during the night; that the old way of so tightly that it might be rolling tip a night-dres- s Ainn-- . F: s r used as a formidable weapon of i offense or defense, and tucking it under the pillow, or of folding it up and putting it away in the dark, out of sight, i3 unclean and unhealthful, and should have long ago become obsolete G. G. in the.B. N, Yorker. Hints ou House Cleaning, All carpets do not need to be 'taken up; those which do not. can be loosened at the edges, the dust brush pushed under a piece, and a deaa sweep of all the dut can ba learfied how to make it so; and, for the benefit of your readers I will give the recipe: In a bucket of soft water put half a pound of sugar of lead, and half a pound of powdered alum; stir this at intervals, until it becomes clear, pour it off, into another bucket, and put the garment th rehours, and then in, and let it be in for twenty-fou- r hang it up to dry, without wringing it. Two of my party a lady and gentleman have worn garments thus treated in the wildest storm3 of wind and rain without getting wet. The rain hangs upon the cjoth in globules., In short, they were really waterproof. The gentleman, a fortnight ago, walked nine miles in a storm of rain and wind, such as you rarely see in the South; and, when he slipped off his overcoat, his underwear was as dry as when he put them on. This is, I think, a secret worth knowing; for cloth, if it can be made to keep . out wet, is, in every way, better than what we know as most water-proof- scenery. " -7- -- ,., . , . .... is an enemy to malice, a foe to scandal, and a friend to every virtue. It promotes good temper, enlivens the heart, and brightens the intellect. Let us laugh when ve can. True generosity rises above the ordi- nary rules of social conduct, and flows with too full a stream to be comprehended within the precise marks of formal precepts. It sanctifies every passion and adds grace-tevery acquisition of the soul. Let everything around you as far as you can with honesty, wear an air of prosperity, and you will, with God's blessing on your honest endeavors, be sure to prosper. To secure this end, you need not be extravagant, nor make such a show as will not allow of anything being put. by in the savings bank against a "rainy day." " ,1 . Laughter s. " e- . , use of tea is steadily increas- ing year by ycar, in Great Britain. In 1 S7 ' the amount consumed had reached one hunAs Illinois farmer, determines the age of dred and thirty-tw- o million pounds. a horse as follows: After the horse is nine cent-oNew nil years old a wrinkle eome3 on the upper In England only seven per tho inhabitants abovo the ago of ten are corner of the lower eye lid, and every year unable to read or write; yet gut of that thereafter he has ono well defined wrinkle small minority of illiterate persons comes for every year over nine. If for instance a horse has three wrinklesi he is twelve years eighty per cent of the ...criminals, of Education.1 , old. TEA.-th- o e i , Am.-Jour- , I '''z:r i '.I 