WOMAN' 114 S EXPO NENT MISS BECKER ON WpMAN SUFFRAGE. ganized according to the proper form; with Mis3Marja Petersen as president; Miss On 7; Tuesday evening, Oct Jst,at Oakfield,-England- , Maria McGregor, Miss Josephine Johnson, Miss Becker delivered the followLun. Miss Emma Hicks Counse "THE 31 EM OB Y OF THE JtfST IS BLESSED." BIBLE. address on Woman Suffrage. lors, (two other counselors to be afterwards ing interesting : Thomasson occupied the chair. Complimentary to ? Exponent" Party, to celebrate the chosen,) and Miss juary jensen Decreuiry. Mr. Anniversary1 of the Prophet Joseph's birth. Miss Becker commenced with a few com A highly interesting report of a special plimentary remarks, and then referred to In every land, and every age and said . Men honor their illustrious dead, meeting, held in the Sugar House Ward, the political position offor women, a moment the vaAnd garnish the historic page Dec. 10, 1873, is forwarded by Secretary that if lb"ey considered ! With Eulogies, of names who've led Mrs, Sarah Wheeler. The aged, and much rious propositions that were made for the . they could not fail to In science, war, or realms of thought, t respected and beloved1 Mother in Israel, welfare of the nation, Though far removed, or hither led; Sister Elizabeth A. Whitney, was present be struck with the omissions of all distinct No fight so fearful as they fought as a visitor, in company with Miss E. , R; reference to women in many important In llfe,none honored more when dead hmn6hes of leerislation: There were eeftaln SnofMrsZ.-&-Y-ou J'tedljjMwnear. counted" mad, THa ftwont sinirincr an iven matters1 such, for .instance, as . those rela- bv SisterhitneyrfbrmedrTvlSeasihg tihgifo foqdjpo How many a broken heart such had, the of the and characteristic part meeting. Whose works were for their races weal because it was universally admitted that " No music from the trump of fame, in sucrt matters ith Ne Craving for a wdriaropplause, included in " No wish to win themselves a name, FROM DIXIE. came to considerthe moral, intellectual, and Inspired these Braves in duty'a cause! political welfare of the country, they would But scarcely have they gone to rest 1873. Dec. 18th, St. George, Utah, find that all reference to women was ouiit-t- e Than stately monuments are raised ; Editor Woman's Exponent: And party blazoned with their crest, hot because" w at which shrines Surrounds the they're praised. This beautiful 1 morning, Intake pecasion, because they were excluded. .It was admitCities for centuries contend, according to promise, to address you a few ted that women had the same physical ,wants Each wastes its time in nauseous lore,. VT as men. out as iar as ineir jnieueciuat anu lines. And circumstanceNin Justly bend We left Salt Lake City, Nov. 28th, and social needs were concerned, it was thought more I For honor of their arrived here Dec. 15th; had a prosperous that what was desirable for the one was unr: crucified And many Saviors journey, There were siorins anu com wea desirable for thve other. It was the object of As traitors to their age and time, ther after we left Nephi. We were detained the movement they had the honor to repre Have by their sons been deified one day at Kanarra on account of wind and sent to secure for women an equal share And worshipped in their land and clime. snow. with men in moral, intellectual and social But not for seers and sages old, Our party consists of Prest Young, his needs. All women labored under certain In Christian or In Tagan world ; wife Amelia, three teamsters and two young political disabilities. They had no votes in Do we in reverence this day hold, V Or ask a birth-daflag unfurled. girls; Bro. A. M. Musser and teamster;. the election of the Government under which my husband and son, and your correspqn-- they lived. It was true that very many Here, for "a man" we knew in life- ,dent We held twenty-fiv- e meetings on classes of men had no votes, but their disHere, for a man we wept when slain, Here where his triumphs mark the strife, the way. I met with and addressed the qualification was very different indeed from And promise of a future reign. ri sisters at Nephi, Ephraim, and Richfield; the disability under which women sunerea. X he audiences were large. At Ephraim, the At one time all who professed the Roman jJoseph,thy birth we celebrate, This day shall consecrated be, members of the Relief Society were build- - Catholic faith were excluded from represen Till Israel's homes shall reverberate 'w rig a fine hall; they had also donated one tation in Parliament, and were subjected to O'er Zion's land from sea to sea! thousand dollars towards gathering the poor a series of severe penal laws, but iu the Thou Erophet of the Latter-DaSaints from Scandinavia; they are a splen- course of time doctrines of civil and religi Thou, In the midst of darkness sent , did band of sisters, very energetic in all ous liberty prevailed and then Catholics By Revelation's power to sway, their movements; they take about thirty were enfranchised, because it was thought Till Heaven and Earth in one are blent numbers of the Woman's . Exponent and that nothing short of that would secure Thou Faithful, True to thy great call, ' calculate to increase the number of subscrib- them'such liberty. There was- no mention Through persecution, trial, death, Then calm, serenet as evening fan, T ers, although many cannot read English. in the old' Acts of Parliament of the franchise Dear martyred onej to yield thy breath! In Richfield the same difliculties oecur,many Mingilimited'-.tomen. the first enactment not being able to read English. Richfield is in which it was limited to male personsnbe-- r Joseph, the Seer, the Man of God, The Prophet Martyr of our day ; a new settlement, but enterprising; I had ing the Act of 1832. In the Act of 1867: The Savior; if the path is trod a good time with the sisters there. the word "man" was used, and she contend-- , Which thy example did portray ! The new road from Richfield across the ed that the word had a higher meaning than we renew our to love May mountain to Cove Creek Port, thirty-fiv- e was attributed to it by many, and included thee, On this selected natal day. some romantic very miles, passes through humanity at large. In saying this she was And through a faithful life agree scenery. This road is a great improvment not without authority, for iff nn Act of ParTo inaugurate the better day I Sevier County contains five hundred en- liament which had been brought in by the When faithful men shall in their time terprising families; though -the settlements late Lord Brougham it was expressly deHave all the honors Truth bestows,. are all new, the irrigating canals are on a clared that words imputing1 the masculine Till earth shall have that genial clime scale that would do credit to the oldest coun- gender should be taken to include females Which in the Heavenly Kingdom glows. ties. The red soil of this valley is very in all the clauses of that Act. Before the N. rich and is capable of sustaining a large passing of the Act of. 1867, it was stated in ; . the House of Commons that it was intendpopulation. R. S. REPORTS. C e ninety-thresent men ed to give the franchise to all householders .... Sanpete County has to assist in building the St George Temple, rated for the rclief of; the poor, and many llys. Christina Liljenquist, President of finding their own supplies. They poor women were hartilyable to pay the exine iienei bociety at Hyrum, Cache Co., work tra rates imposedlincler thisbiir, but when" writes from that place under date Dec.9.1 873i Success attend your enterprise. they applied to the courts in 1868, to claim And informs us that the Society there is doBathsheba W. Smith. the votes given under the Act, they found: ing a good work in caring for the sick; and that the words imputing the masculine genthat the Teachers are very faithful in visitder applied to them in the clauses imposing ing from house to house. They appreciate the burdens, but excluded them from the and prize th e Exponent, and realize that A word to clauses the wiSE,!ChnstIan women, conveying Jhe privileges. There it is a great help to them as a Society. Their do not begin the new year by putting an oc- were certain classes of ..men,viz,j jninors, nnanciai anairs are in a very good condition. casion to stumble in a" brother's way. Do not idiots, lunatics, and criminals that were not with wine. Give them a tempt your guests to vote, and surely U was not Secretary Mrs. J. Rickard, of the Second cordial welcome, your kindest wishes, your permitted very wonderful that women should desire to Ward in this city, reports a mnetim nf fhn "good-cheeand whatever of brightest smiles, escape from such a category. But when Relief Society, Dec. 11th, 1873, which was hearts offer but your may prompt; they enquired into the question, they found auenaeu Dy Miss Eliza R. Snow and Mrs. them nothing which can by any possibility that the condition of women was worse. A Zina D. Young. After much good instruc- - bo a destruction and a snare. Let not your minor would be entitled to( the franchise in uon naa Deen given to those assembled in deeds belie of a few years, but a woman was never able to your words, and make for meeting, a young ladies' association was or your friends an unhappy new year. any acquire the right of voting. A learned 7 v ,IFor the Expoxext !V IN MEMORIAM. : r.:--'- ' "' Mias'-Mftr- , ; ifenceddme J " iE . birth-plac- e " ; y ' -- y, - ' , - - . com-menc- ed to-da- y. 1 r" . 