SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, Vol. EDITORIAL NOTES. The prevailing fashion for dressing a wide braid ladies hair in New York, is extending from the top of the head to the nape of the neck. Though seeming odd at first, this is better than the great roll on top TjfHhlFheadrorhdiotiG 15rMrl The women January he stepped forward to take the oath one of the few remaining Christian statesmen moved that Mr. Cannon bo not sworn in because of certain illegal practices of which he, the delegate, had been'guiltyr This was understood to mean that he, said delegate, had united himself in the holy bonds of matrimony, tofour wives. The consternation that prdoveyiheH6useiitiiiis''announcemegi' was ludicrous to of Massachusetts are in ear- - wa&ioJielfixel nest about Suffrage, and' don't mean to fail in object. if industry, perfeverance and determination can accomplish any thing. They will present a petition to the Legislature : of t he State asking for amend ments to the State Constitution, so as to abolish all political distinctions on account of sex. We heartily wish them the success which their ambition., merits. Guelma Penn, sister of Susan B. Anthony, recently died, after , a lingering illness, in Rochester, New York. She was one of the fifteen women who exercised their right of suffrage in Rochester last year. During her long sickness, she was almost constantly attended and watched over with unceasing devotion by her sister. Let people who be lieve that great pursuits and noble aims, necessarily deaden the finer senses, or cause the gentle, affectionate nature of woman to become coarser and more austere, notice this incident in the life of Miss Anthony. Indian Agent Ingalls, it is reported, has made himself conspicuous through ha v ing swindled the settlers in Southern Utah and Nevada but of all the grain and goods he could induce them to sell him, by fair promises to pay in. 90 days. He "settled" with the farmers by giving them checks on the First National Bank of Salt Lake,which, when presented, jwere rejected, it being as certained that ho had nothing to his credit in the bank; Tho poor Aborigines will like ly be some time yet in learning to be strict of civiliza ly honest, with such specimens 1 tion for their instructors. No. 15. 1, 1874. An engraver in Springfield, Mass., has cut the Lord's Prayer into a piece of copper less the size of a silver three-cethan piece, and they say there is room in the one-four- nt th circle for fifteen or twenty words more. The Arcade (N.: Y.) "Times" says that the young ladies of the Wheaton Seminary at contompIa3Tirmensber resotvedTthat selves no money not ImperatiyelyIelnalid- what was to become of tho gentlemen of ed J)yhonesty, JiealtnJidjness ; or mental one- - wife each and no end of concubines? improvement, and will carefully avoid every Right and left started up and denounced speciesbf ast emln the motion with such vigor that it went out sensible resolution to make tand o keep. with great puffs of wind, and the rotund A curious law case has recently arisen in representative of the saints came to the front and took his swear at the Constitution. Berlin. A tK)oYapprenticoTlad ;was lucky The ladies craned their lair necks to get a enough at the last drawing of the State lotof tho great prize. better view of the member who found wo tery to win men willing to take a part of him quarter His principal, who knew that the lad had himas Jight no money of his own, or at least not the of the laughter ran around the galleries as he swore amount required tp buy to sustain the Constitution, his" own bei ng ticket, pressed hi apprentice to confess where he obtained tho money for this purso sorely tried . one-four- th iwereanduiteappleof one-four- th The winning penitent acknowledged . that it was the produce of the sale of a piece of goods stolen from his employer. Tho: principal now claims the lottery prize as his property. The boy's relations, on the other hand, object to its surrender. pose. MISCELLANEOUS. The best court of equity is a good ' ' ; con- : ; science. Tho color of the wind was discovered by the man who went out and found it blew. Every man stamps his value on himself. The price wo challenge for ourselves is giv-e- n us. Man is made great or little by his own will. Schiller. Silent influence.- - We are touching on all sides. They are afour fected for good or for evil by what wb arc, by what we say and do, even by what we in the parlor think and feel. breathe their fragrance through the atmosphere. We are each of us as silently satur- ating the atmosphere about us with the sub tle aroma of our character. In the family circle, besides and beyond all the teaching, the daily life of each parent and child mysteriously modifies the life of every person in the household. The same, process on a wider scale is going on through the community. No man liveth to himself, and no man dies to himself. Others, are built up and straightened by our unconscious deeds, and others may be wrenched out of their places and thrown down by our unconscious influ- fellow-being- s May-flowe- rs An editor says that the only reason he knows of why his house was not blown away the other day during a severe gale was because there was a heavy : mortgage upon it. 7 r r- : Gold will tum the intellectual balance when weighed only against reputation;; but will be light and ineffectual when the oppositeIeishargedwith justice, veracity and piety. He that lives in perpetual suspicion lives the life a sentinel never relieved, whose business is to look In our last issue, under the titlo of "Pro of out for an expectant enemy, which is an evil not gress of a Year," we published a brief re far short of perishing by him. " -- Vt-:port of the efforts which have been. made in very bfih.ilf nf woman in this country. In tne The evidences of the value of deep cultivation are ence. present number, we condense from an Eng plainly shown wherever a ditch has been filled up Girl and Wife. Who lias not seen with lish naner. report of an address by Miss or where the drains hare been deeply placed. There half wonder the sudden development of a Becker, which touches, in a pithy manner. the crops show to visable advantage for more than young couple when, once they ha;o become ' li: on some of the most prominent points of the twenty years. T rrj father and mother? A few days ago y ester- Woman Suffrage question among, our trans from' comes most the Our good day it seems and they were almost children atlantic neighbors. :. We hope the opposition resistance ofenduring is the and that evil, only way The young wife was a girl, with all the joyous and difficulties experienced by tho friends of wo gain carelessness and heedless All that very good. achieving buoyancy of a child; of Woman suffracre will result in the better must our earnest and be effort, gained by at least 'Chose who ;had riot understanding of and appreciation by wo greatest happiness ensues from vanquish her older friends shook their ' heajs dubiously, thought enough Incifbf the rightSjfosponsibilities and privile- ing obstacles."-- : '' ... .' one she: was J'fit forany-r- . another and told that ges of the elective franchise, when obtained I have had a occasion to observe that11 a thing but to be married;" "she would be better : : by them. warm blundering man docs more ior tne at home with her mother, or even at her ; The Washington Capitol describes the world than a frigid wise man. One who school." But the wife becomes a motherland of first the of tho present day proceedings gets into a habit of inquiring about pro a marvellous transformation takes place. There ludicrous n and a of graphic sitting Congress,! and occasions, - often , spends his may be the same vivacity and spirit, but all is manner. It states that "Dr. J. P. Newman prieties, whole life without doing anything to the calmer, deeper, stronger. She has entered a resigned his position as the Lord's stump puriose. Cecil. new world, and is endued with new powers. A orator of the Senate." And speaking:;of "-- . Professor Agassiz's knowledge of natural wise providence has taken the place of thought--lessnes- g. Hon. George Q. Cannon, it "says: a firm that of helpless "The next object of interest was the poly- history was probably greater than that of gamous representative of tho polygamous any other man living. In the pursuit of dependence, ah untiring energy that of dreamy inactivity. The girl has suddenly become a Mormons, a stout, rather good looking man, hat knowledge, inspired by an ardent a most he had been arduous, work woman, challenging your resp'ect .with your with a face that indicates more culture and : life. : a admiration. sense thantne average congressman. When er through long : r ' . i : - -- " - m m - self-relian- ce en-husias- m, - - , ID 