inv - W 0 MAN' S ,''' .. For the ExPOXEXT i WOMAN ARISE! K.E NT EXPO ' . .. ' .. those who attend feel well in the work. In bear testimony to the truth our meetings'-wfrom the ever of the Gospel and welcome Lxfonent. uuiss aiil-- i,vus w formed a class for all those who wish to learn the different stitches of netting. We all take our own work, whatever it may be, and altogether we have very good and interesting times. Some of the brethren and elder sisters visit us sometimes and give us instructions. We hold meetings every oth er Friday. Hoping your paper will increase ill circulation and do much toward building up the Kingdom of God, we remain your sisters in the Gospel of Christ. men of the neonle of God are free; and what doth it matter if the world will hot see it? 'And when some trying hour appear, r I'll not be over awed, But let the scoffing sinner hear That I can speak of God.' " :. ... read-piece- s c woman, arise! this glow la the skies Betokens the advent of morning; Thy spirit should smile, exulting the while In the day which has published its warning. Its glory shall shine in splendor divine - -- Thy path, so long dark, to Illumine, And render thee strong to wrestle with wrong Which, crushing thee, crushes all human. Thy desolate cry through ages gone by To the ear of tby God has ascended; He bids thee prepare thy armor to bear For soon shall thy penance be ended. Tby folly lay by, bid vanity fly, And trifling and cowardice follow; On purposes high, with calmly fixed eye, Oh . - Miss Ciiaklotte II Evaxs, President, MfsiTROxTvr L God be thy trust, just; Hehcais all tby passlonate'pleading; Still ling to hU hand, He'll teach thee to stand Upholding, chastising aul leading. " By Ignorance bound by custom enwour.d lu meshes not easily broken, ""with taltnts suppressed where brightest and bcst . Thy Intellect seldom has poktnJ--jXL-- Thy heart true and warm, in every form Have pain and pale sorrow at ended; And grim-visagwrong has trampled thee long, soon Its. shall But triumph be tnded. with man, Full soon shalt thou stand '" and lowly, t'ntrammeled, yet faithful Triumphantly meek, resistless though weak, A conqueror, guiless and holy. When no more a slave be noble and brave But keep thy heart holy and tender; Ail .attribute s sweet be wary to keep , Nor yield them to grandeur and splendor. Thy champions, though few, are valiant and true And swiftly their numbers are swelliug; lo! in the air Th n never despair for Pure light is the darkness dispelling. TJndoubtiogly hear this anthem of cheer, The voice of a prophet Is singing; Oh sister rejoice! lift up thy glad voice! The bells of tby freedom are ringing! PALTOK. ed co-equ- LU It. S. REPORTS. Salt Lake City, May 26th, was 1874. held by the Relief A special meeting 3rd of the Ward, M ty 16th, 1874. Society There were present as visitors, Miss E. It. Snow, Mrs. M. I. Jlorne, Mm. Zina D,, Margaret P. and Susan 3. Young, and Mrs. Pre- -' cinda Kimball. Mrs Horn e speke eneou r. aginglv, told the"sisters to go on in the good work - they were engaged in, &q. Miss Snow gave some excellent advice to mothers in regard to the rearing of their children and the watchful care they should have over their daughters; she wished to impress upon the minds of the young ladies, the necessity of attending their meetings, praying for the gifts of God, which it vas their privilege to enjoy; to have a strong will, and take a firm stand, that they wpuld perform any duty that was required of them. She also spoke upon the United Order, its advantages and blessings. The other sisters above mentioned made some excellent and appropriate remarks, and were followed by Bishop Weiler, Counselor John Wayman and Brother Peter Sinclair. It is a unanimous feeling in the Society that they will try to carry out the instructions that were given, that they may ieceive the blessings which are in store for the faithful. Mrs. Zurviah G. Eardly, Sec'y. " . Nefhi, May27th,4S74. Editor Woman's Exponent:-- Our Young Ladies' Society was organized March 19th, 1874. Miss Charlotte Hyder Evans was chosen President; Miss Alice Evans and Miss Matilda E. Picton Counselors, Miss Itoxey Lucina Bigler Secretary. Our meetings are pretty well attended and ;! ., T&e Secretary of the Manti Relief Society, A. L. Cox, writes: Our Society was organ-- , ized May 11th, 1874. It has accomplished much good, gaining little by little." At the close of the last year, our surplus funds were used to assist the emigration of the poor Saints. We hold our regular meetings and on the afternoon of every Fast-daspecial meetings when business requires. Our President Mrs. Ann Logan is a woman y, of--mueheiperienco : prevailiner sentiment with the Sisters is.-tsustain her, and assist in the upbuilding or arid-abilityh- Hi? flat Is v ? . dthC o Cedar City, Iron Co., May 19lh, 1Sv4. ZlbnhExrdNENT Our Relief. Society is prospering;-liberaand at our homes. both in our donations have been made to the building Please accept meetings hearty good wishes for ofthe St. George Temple; also to gathering- your success asmy the Pioneer of female jour thft nortr. The sisters generally are self- nalism in Utah. i sustaining, very few cases of real necessity have been known, and those have been attended to. We had an excellent meeting WOMAN'S VOICE. last Thursday, some good remarks from John M. Higby, Thomas Thorley and Yens Oxford, May 3rd, 1874. Neilson the Presidency of the United Order , : in this place followed by a short address Editor Woman's Exponent: Dear Sister: I have been a. reader of from Brother J. P. Jones; the chief subject from its beginning:,, and I this little being, classification of labor.- - A good feel think therepaper is none other of its size that can ing prevails among the Saints and all seem compare with it. To me its precepts are of willing to do their part. feel A and when I l -- t read, I With kind regards, I remain your sister, great importance union in spirit witn tnose oi.my csisters, Mary Anne Lunt. who are engaged in so good a cause. All the principles of this Gospel, ,so far as I un, derstand them, afford happiness, in this Mendon, Cache Co., June 5th, 1874. ife, setting aside wliat I expect to receive Dear Editor: in the next, according to my faithfulness. We held our Annual Meeting May 28th. In my heart I can say to my sisters, let us There were present on Ihe HandrUrotheTS not withhold our mites, but let us corrtmue-j- r . Anderson, Donelson, Thumway, Baker and in well doing, One. Little Counselors. and Gardener; President Willie Manti May 3iot, 1874. Meeting opened in the usual manner with ; singing and prayer. Minutes of the previ Ie a Exponent:- ous meeting weie read; also the financial Judging from appearances, one might report of the past year; which was very think that but few, comparatively, really satisfactory. Sister Maria Baker spoke on understand and appreciate the blessings the necessity of the young ladies being or- which surround us. We not only possess ganized in a class; to work in connection the right of suffrage,' a privilege still denied. to the great majority of our countrywomen,-bu- t vilbhiri&Tety7 words of instruction from the brethren that we also enjoy a portion of the rights also were present. President Mrs. Willie guaranteed by the Constitution, freedom of thanked some and gave very Valuable counsel speech and of the press, notwithstanding the brethren for their visit. Sisters Baker the attempts of dishonest official? to deprive and Hancock bore testimony to the truth of us of them. And. so far from being what the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Meeting closed we have been represented by sensation ed with prayer by Brother Anderson. Wish- newspaper writers, 'The poor, oppressed ing the success of every good enterprise, and downtrodden women of Utah,". we are are enjoying including the Woman's Exponent, we are quite the reverse; and y more our freedom , than sisters east or west respectfully, ' of us. If our sex is destined to become a Elizabeth Willie, President, power in the land, what should prevent the Annie Hughes, Secretory. women of Utah being in the front rank? Certainly riota lack of inclination or ability. Time and opportunity are all that is required Secretary Jane Bailey, reports from the to call forth the genius and talents that exist Relief Society of Moroni, Sanpete Co., "The Sisters are united in seeking to do among us. Lest I encroach too far upon good; the poor among us are provided for; your time and space, and weary you or your several good heavy bed quilts with other readers; I will conclude, for - the present, suitable clothing for winter, we have been hoping that you will still continue to be a able to furnish for those- - who were in need bold champion for the cause of truth. of them. The sick also have been cared Respectfully, A. L. Cox. and the best interest all of for, looked after, so far: as the influence and power of the Relief- - Society- - extends. And- - wc thank' Mrsr SrA GriffordpPresident-of- God that wo are numbered among His free Y omau'5 Temperance union ot Worcester, has people, and that these humble yet good published a card saying that ghe entered into the works are allotted unto us to : perform. For temperance movement "with the distinct avowal one, I would not exchange my position in that while she regarded labor in the" saloons as ixch my lowly mountain homo for all that the portent, she did not think-i- waslhe first "to" claim world calls grand and great. I know that I the efforts of the women, and could not feel .it her am free here, that the people and the wo- - duty to lead the bands-- , r - " - : to-da- . - the-Pray- -- ing , " t : -- 