.1:J,.J-- J U V 16 TIIE HABIT OF FRETTING. - Fretting: is both useless and unnecessary; it does uo ffood and a great deal of harm, vet it is almost a universal sin; More or less we are all given to it7 "We fret over almost pvfrvthincr. In summer because it is too hot, and in winter because it is too cold j wo fret when it rains Jjccause it is wet; when we are sick, or when anybody else is sick, In short, if anything or everything dosn't go just to suit our particular whims and fancies, we have one grand general refuge to fret nvfir it. I - am afraid frettiner is !:oiitndnrarii among men. W 6ttgorocn-.tMat- a OM AN'S EXP ONE NT. gown, and shoes down at the heel? lias she a call to be a wifo whose .husband's love weighs naught in' the balance with her next-doo- r neighbor's damask curtains or velvet caroet? Has she a call to be a wife who would take-a-d vntagaoIjLjnojrmnLof conjugal weakness to extort money or extract a promise? Has she a call to be a wife who takes a journey for pleasure, leaving her husband to toil in a close shop, and have an eye, when at home, to the servants and children? Has she a call to be a wife to whom' a good husband's society is not the greatest earthlv blessiners. and a house full best furnishing nnd pre t may as well Town the tiest ornamen' j ? itr.uth,jiiy.-- pleasant. Perhaps it is beeauso the IHMo worries, and cares and vexations of our daily life harrass oursensitive nerves more than the more extended enterprises which gen erally take the attention of men. Great wants develop great resources, but the little wants and worries arc hardly provided for, and like the nail which strikes against the saw, they make not much of a mark, but thev turn the edires terribly. I think if Ave looked upon all the little worries of one to day as a great united worry, meet it would be developed. But as they generally come only one or two little things aj. a time, they seem so very, little that we give way,! and the breach once in the wall soon grows larger. Now, I don't believe in the cant that a woman -- must ahvays,under all and any circumstances, wear a smiling face when her husband comes home, or that ehe needs to take her hands out of the dough or drop the baby on the floor to run and meet him at the door. But I do believe -nayrXkJiowf Jar I hayeseeri it with irry own reyes among my friends that many a woman has driven a kind husband away from her, away from his home and its sacred influences, and caused him to spend his time at a billiard table or in a drinking saloon, amid their profane influences, simply by her ceaseless fretting over trifles which were not worth a word, much less the peace and happiness of a home, i know that many. self-contr- ol motnera at present, "The reigning fashion,' - S1- frequent showers. At what hour did the devil make his ap- pearance in the Garden of Eden? time in the night. He certainly came after ; Eve. ,;: Every flower may be supplied with , its favorite soil by the exercise of a little patience and observation. A light soil suits nearly all descriptions. Almost any piece of earth which is thoroughly dug and dressed yearly, may be jriade suitable to the production of flowers. All bulbs, car nations, pinks, auriculas Jcc, lovo a mixture of 5and7 English lady; Some ' '. FROM KAN A B. DOCTOK CROCK WELL. May 22nd, 1874. Dear Exponent: It is very pleasant here now. The wind has blown V good deal this spring, but for the past two weeks the weather has been fine and gardens are looking well. .Katiab grows slowly, owing to the poverty of the people. IshouId not say poverty either; what I mean is, that we have had so much to contend with, that it has taken all the time and means to feed us, without building much. But I like the place for all that. We were sent here by those whose right it is to direct us, and I have never for one moment felt to murmur. My children have been deprived of many advantages, which seems a draw back, but if they only have the Spirit of God with them and learn of His Waysrthey will be all right. So long as we are in the line of duty, what matters it? The family organization works well here, so far. The Saints feel well, and all looks bright. We may be a little short of some conveniences for a while, until we get into working order, but I believe we will also be greatly blest. We may yet have some trouble with the Navajoes, but the Lord is able to turn away the wrath of the Indians. And now that the brethren are all on this side of ' the river, I feel that all will be well. " -- . eliaTep daughter just like herself, who, in her turn, would wreck and ruin the comfort of an- school now, which my children attend. And other family circle. I know that many-- a I feelvvery thankful for these, with all the mother has turned her son against her own other blessings. Respectfully, &c. II. M. B. sex, and made him dread and dislike the Has hid nearly 49 years experience In the treatment of female diseases, mating thelfcSmplalnts a speciality. He guarantees safe, easy and speedy relief in perilous casest without the unpleasant and dangerous use of instruments f but with simple herbs. Hia remedies fill the nuptial couch with bliss, surrounds the heart with Joyous ones and prevents their untimely ad- vent. ". He refers to his numerous patrons for the last inUtah. Residence near the street cir East St., Salt Lake City. 10 years track, 8th Ward, Fourth H. DINWOODEY Has removed his Furniture from Main St. to his three storey Brick Store on FIRST SOUTH ST., BLOCK WEST OF CO-O- P. COKXEB, Where he is prepared to do a WHOLESALE AS WELL AS A RETAIL BUSINESS. J WALLACE Has the best, largest and purest stock of confectionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies to purchase. CLUB KATES. bejrantlng on the part tcnncrcase" ihe eirctilattonef-"th- e Exfosest and aid in promoting the objects contemplated in its publication, by making It truly an exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the following liberal terms to clubs for the"prescnt vol- Deieniined of the Pttblisher society of women, by Jier example, constantly set before him. And knowing all THE SEX. ume: this, my sisters and brothers, too, if they need it I know that we ought to pet our 1 year with a copy to the getter up of A lady student takes the scientific honors at the lO.copics; - - the club. laces like .flint against this useless, sinful, , 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of y g habit Indiana State University this year. ing and the club, of fretting. Mrs. Martha Littlefied has bequeathed $20,000 a copy to the getter up of 20copic, 1 year, with to found a Seaman's Hospital at Newport. steel engrraving 12 x 16 framed the club, and ' ' : - . $18 00 home-disturbin- peace-destro- 20 00 . inches, of President Brigham Young, selling Clara Barton, the well known Army nurse, has 3 00 price, $3.50 bed is confined arrived to but her at of by 30 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up WHO SHO ULD NOT BE A WIFE. Worcester, the club, and a superior first proof steel enI nervous prostraction. . graving of President Brigham Young,- hand- -- , Has that woman a call to be a wife who 43 00 Mrs. M. Adelle Hazlett delivered the oration somely framed, selling price $4 thinks more of her silk dress yum her chil- at the "annual meeting of the Hillsdale County Pio Clubs can be commenced 'at any time, and additions dren, and visits her nursery no oftener than neer Society, which was held at Hillsdale, Michigan can be made after the first list of names has been sent. once a day? Has a Woman a call to be a June 10. Getters up of dabs thould- - notify us of their intentions ; wife who calls for a cashmere shawl when Miss Jacobs, of Sappemeer, has passed the so that we can credit them with all names sentin. her husband's notes are being protested? In all cases give the name and residence of each subexamination for medical with a the degree greatest Has that woman a call to be a wife who sits scribe!,' plainly and correctly written, "with the time She is success. the first lias who achieved lady tho'laai new novel while her hus reading when each subscription Is to'commence, and whether for band stands before the glass vainly trying the distinction in Holland. a whole or half year. - to bottomless shirt bosum? 7 Mrs. Stanton asserst that "the typical strong-minde-d Money can be remitted by registered letterat the risk Has that woman a call to be a wife" who ex woman'of whom we" hear so " much is a of the publishers, : Her to swallow diluted coffee, myth, since the very best specimens of womanSubscribers desiring the address changed fromone pects . husband and soggy bread, smoky tea, watery pota- hood, both m England and America, are those Post Office to another should send us. their formeras toes six days out of the seven? ILis she identified with the suffrage movement,31 In Na- well as their new address. the call to bo a wife who flirts with every ples, &he met 3Iary Sommervillc, one of the We hope that agents and ladies throughout the Ten!-torman sue meets, and reserves her frown3 most celebrated mathematiciaRS of the especially Presidents and Officers of Relief Sociewho at age, ties will aid ns by getting up clubs, by bringing the for the home fireside? Has she a call . to be "90 years of age was as bright, cheerful and as and a wife who comes down to breakfast In deeply interested in favorably to the notice of as the young- otherwise using: their Influence to .Increase Its clrcala-tlo- a passing events, ' atominacie curi papers, a soiled dressing- - est of the circle. - ' V. and usefulness. '. . - - L 4 . ' pin-togeth- er a' J y, Ex-roxE- non-subscribe- - ; " - ST ; 