. ... . . V V v VV V v' - i ,. ' 1 V ,..;,,.; t .. i i . i .i - y - i , r.. - SALT LAKE CITY; UTAIJ, August 15, 1874. J v ... U i No. , C. devastated had shed its blossoms. The taste, so charac- about sixty, acres of buildings In Chicago, tercstie of the activo principle of this tree, Another terrible EDITORIAL NOTES. t c' fire Biiaxj female students be admitted to on tno 4tn tilt. Among tno buildings was imparted to mo water. nio several the ndover Theological Seminary?' Is the burned :were the .Post i Office j and quit o a members of this iUmily suffered severely, question being discussed by those interes- number of prominent churches,: hotels and the symptoms resembling .somewhat those ' ted. The loss of property was of slow poison by strychnine They discon-- , iTTTJ:. fine residences.. Four years ago, the first lady Superin- immense. ) Through tho precaution of the continued the use of this water and slowly tendent of Schools in Iowa,1 was elected. jostmaster.tnereUhe mauimatter,wasirel recovered, which recovery started from thek a m m m . 4 : 1 tff rVhtroAni-Hnrn- xf 1-:-: I This is encouraging. A man at Grass Valley; named ; Wm. Honkins. tried to scald his wife lint! had! v scalded himself instead. He doubtless feels somewhat prejudiced, just nowagaihstrthe "Waterrcure,r:syste by the storm urMora- via was far greater than the earlier estimates Cle,Ven iViIIa?S wnJf office. .. Ti: i"orinfi SW sent there by the Govern- ment to assist the survivors. ' ... r An Eastern paper says: "Three Bishops, in tho Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States, advocate and defend woman suffrage." That may do for a beginning wathinkjour, Christian Mends are, rather slow. Hln Utah, a bishop that does not dc-' ; item if, as Jt is reported, , of thV PdstOfficd business tran united btates is ,aone in.wicafiflW-u- r i li THE university of Kansas has just ladiesOno- - received gradttated: a diploma as Bachelor of Science the other a diploma AHs." Wesecl One-eigh- th two-you- ng mm it:?loof that u cw ; rtut to somewhat odd titlebf the bo conferred indiscriminately, honored recipient nifhinfrRfnoA Bntthnt fwf hnTinfs nnrl t ; uB nEixowiNCaccounty , .g. , T r'"' showing how f con victThVre isono thing, however, we like in it; that Is the devotion of his sons to" t ifoi Flat her, even in tweenjritand poor his V Uis-race- .--- : - fr Tweed i? .waileci. upon every day ns who bring hlmymes,. liquors, all the delicacies of tho season, of which1 an assortmpnt;, ; James (rew; ir . sentencca a lew montfiagpenprms ior mm. lie Diacxs nis auiy oi vaie room in order, ana in gen-- , keeps his , -- eralmakeshim comfortable. The furniture nowin of tho f'dismaiceir; that overlooks the river : . to;..the cast Is of French walnut. , There is a v.. ' uuui. .VJ" " ' -cabinet washstand, odesk and three or four ception to the rule. The fbUowingclippin 'fraomy.jn ,f he,S.tqckto? chairs, nll of the sqrne handsome material. A photographer in Paris has been fined Leader, does nok, present, a vervi cheerful The ordinary prison bed consists of a straw fend woman suffrage: v -- T ; ( - : the I ex-Pnh- ce m-peria- s Ps v SSliite ex-Prin- ce - -ij- -An . 1 - : . V i 4 m I em-sever- al 5 - -e- 1 - al - l - . T , a day,-refusin- , c, - - life-preserve- r, 1 ; -- : 1 prospect for many "down East." The dull mattrGss covered with oho shqet. 'Mr; Tweed '''portrait. But a few years since the Winter has in the cast been 'succedeed by a seemed to be the destined ruler aull Bummer masses, air' of Franco and was educated with that idea; pi(1turoi H pillows- There is aa?patchwork quilt and a now he is an exilo and darenot setJ foot in true of all the Eastern cities: Jiisihatiyelgountry. Who" can envy r such i"Timesf are hard here what this winter when ordered; was found, to be too largo to i q ? . u , r Pknow not; fluctuating greatness! One thing is be taken into his room,' stands just outside, ' will;bringrthy The following is another proof of woman's skill when properly exercised: One their little' savings last winter, trusting to upon, reminding his IWallers of Mho bid ele of the lad ies employed as a counter lu the summer work to replenish their stock, have ganco that met their eyes while they were national bank redemption division of the been badly disappointed and must meet tho cooling their heels in tho ante-rooof the browh-stoiithe discovered e season next cold less well prepared than they famous among Treasury Department building on Broadway otes sent.for 'redemption one of the coun did last I know that, carnenters. mintorsj A selection ' of standard books adorn thv terfeit five hundred dollar ' bills originallyJ and fificlyers hawmade ' t discovered at the Treasury Department mer not over half time, taking the trades I floor is nicely carpeted.? .' ' '' anouc a year ago. it. was so penecc mat as a whole. One painting firm, , usually of the most experienced ' clerks in ploying eighty or ninety men, has this sca- y On the morning of the 5th, the steamer . of the Treasurers office thought it wasgenu- - son had no trouble in filling their jobs with "Pat. Rogers," with her ntire-cargo was Aurora. burned near cotton, About or tnirty and other trades in inc, but upon reference to tho engraving twenty-fiv- e exan twenty persons lost their lives besides sev-erand pnntinff division, It was, after the buildingO lino ata nn dnnht wMfc P Wihr r Th e following vivid badly burned. amination, pronounced a counterfeit.- : The There is much public building work , too. or ' note will bo branded and returned to the it wouiu po yorse. Tney ?ay that the cen description of tho scene seems almost too national bank from which it was received. tennial i contractors have employed Italians terrible to read"The negro crew behaved Si.zo per men who wTanted badly, hurrying or tho boat before there was There has been so much said about the at any imminent danger, and monopolizing v degredation of the Monnoii women of Utah $1.75 or$2." all available means of escape, i Many who who have,' from the first, voted in Church or as is the it commonly escaped to shbro were disfigured for life - by alanthus, affairs; and whoso fathers, husbandi ' and caned, tno treo. of Paradise,", has been the flames that blew strongly in that direc-fion brothers extended to them tho clectlvo used for quite a number of years in Utah, from the boat.1 Miss ItowTden; of Louis-yillfranchise when it was an almost untried ex- - as a snaae iree. its ramd rrrowlh and pIp jumped from the boat toward the Indi-an- a in .wo interested ,fc.el doubUess' gant! noting foliage rendered it perimentthat popular shore,and hungry tongues of flames wcro tho gradual conversion of the different re-- at first " but V these ' qualities, wo Havolonelicking along the surface of tho: water Tand ljgiuua tsuciyues, 10 .we.uocwinepi vvoman jI tnougnt, do, not compensate for its scanty horribly burnt her head and face; she had no Suffrage." Latolv tho fJhristinn clonomi- - frAihtrannft disagreeable odor when in bloom. and only secured ono end of nation, ia New England, adopted the fol- - J In a Dreviou's number a plank by clinging to the pantaloon leg of a lowing resolution, by. a yoto of twenty- - article, in which !he writer claimed to have man who swam past herj she says thatwhilo three against mne. been externally poisoned through coming in .. moving through the water several gasping ; New" ChrisThat this contact with the foliage while cutting one drowning wretches extended their hands Resolved, England tian Convention regard the movement of down.' And wo now 'crivo an extract from towards her. some even grasping her hair the.Women of New England, for the exten- - a communication by a 'physician to an east-sio- n and tearing out handfulls in' their terror;; of Suffrage to women as a newappli- - ern paper; a3' to its poisonous the last living object seen on board was a cation of Christian principles to the social "Several years ago it became my;qualities, 1 run-- 1 duty to littlo child three; r years , as the demanded relations; admeasure st by attend, professionally a family of three ning about screaming with "affright, surconsiderations of right and justice, sons. This family had used for so mo timo rounded by flames, its legs, arms and face auu sseniiai to tne puoiic weuare. ' water from a weu in which the Ailanthus exposed to the terrible heat. 100 francs for publishing , j'TOif? as nWnf ihn W - a differ- bo " trtedlnson7rriay tho difference be- - interesting as showing or-sibg- more appropriate titles thanl some use. cnt-well."-- le: young ladies striving to attain to tho Jifeh, snho from using--wat- er whether the by Ws married and inrUm sign the form idable initials: B; A , or B, S. i befran -- 5 or-fou- of-age- per-highe- ' "..' , . .. 1 ; 