T WOM AN'S 104 EXPONENT. For CnEAr .Milltnetiv and. Notions, struck him in tho abdomen. Following this came a stovo lid, three pancakes, a rotten GO TO fcrmeiitea tomato, salt cellar, bowl of buttermilk, and for Thursday's baking. It : craln. preparation for making all the doughshe considered Mrs. 0. E. DYE'S,, her lord a "defi- was ovident rtle7 became liuosicateu, ana w as vuciuilavl nltef&trtrid'the-falr-fehar- b di : ,,; as owner 19 Eait:Tcmple Street. his ; .rj.r: f..3 cornea;r,peei. !ale by rected toward him was a little Jiealthier than " " l ";' . - She has always ou band a Ursa aricty of r desired. have ho would --quired Obadiah of young vMiss Miller.a MO eents."LA WES', MISSES' & CHILDREN'S HATS & BONNETS Aint you - "Only twenty-fivblushTEE ATMENT OF TELE AGED. replied, litle dear?" "Why," shot Of the Latest Style r ing, "all the young men tell me so." Mr. in a lecture At JIabershon; J Lpndon, Giro her a call, tho trill be enrc to please you. "Would that I 'could coal her mlneH excase of an old man, re the to referring of hand for'the suitors claimed the hopeles3 has marked :"The man died simply from - the Ifiitiy Oaroliini Uuest of England, who shock product d by coming out Into the cold '""'BVERY . DilSCKIPTlON an annual income of $1,500,000 from her and an inconveni fog, whkh, though, only coal mine in Wales,', ence to v. was sufficient to lead to a fatal CLO!rilING BOOTS, SHOES, "llow bid is your mamma ?" asked iiluvef , ...li nn nne whose circulation had become : smitten old bachelor of tne daughter of the enfeebled, and whose vital "force had so GENERAL DRY GOODBi ' '. ; don't widow who had enchanted him. "I nearlv lost its power. I am reminded, by e iorty-threfrom Soch. thi3 of an jnstanc0 0f longevity com- - Specialty' in Gloves and Home-mad- e know, sirj ma's age varies wamne aruej repiy. to twenty-live,mUnIcatea to me by a gentleman the other . Large Assortment of age CONEY; The vifalftv of some people Is simply as- - day. His mother, who has died at thewin-whFURS, CAPE AND MUFF, $3.50. o one hundred and two, during the of d a is There youth founding.' Fine Line of LADIES' COKSETS. has written seven hundred verses, the ter months 'had refused to get up, saying no nave warm in oea.' vAfwitn'. tn whfrh Is. "I am Gvinsr. mother, . . . i . was only . ' : ' I she ' , f ,1,' H. E. PHELPS, was 10 xnis doubt mat it unuorm, owing f v. 29 East Temple Srnzra warm temperament, that she lived so long: OMIT1X auU JOIIU3 Wfiw at and I mention the instance as a recomenda- ftnd tho rnnvftrsAtion turned on Darwin's tion for vou. whon voii have to prescribe for II. DINWOODEY said Smith, at "Look the monkey1 theory. M people, to advise that they bo kept "think of its beingan undeveloped human I' warm. You should also look carefullv after Wholesale & Retail Furniture Dealer. ' - ' ;t. Humant" said Jones contemptuously, "it 8 lneIr nourishment. Old people cannot eat Largest Assortment in Utah. no more human than I am." large meals; therefore they must take them hc has removed his Furniture from Main St.to bisthree old people "will etorcy Brick Store, "If vou don't see what vou want, ask for moie frequently. Many or four o'clock in the FIRST SOUTU ST., BLOCK tfJOT OF COOr COKEK it," is posted up in a conspicuous place in a wake up -abou.i3three Logahsport 'groeem;:A" tlve"siepjid'Int6 morning.- It a good plan that they have .., . ....... the establishment last week. Ho saw the some nourishment then; otherwise the in ' terval bet weons the night and morning card, and remarked, "I want a "WALLACE , U bill, and I don't, see if." "Neither do I," meal.-- is too long for declining strength. It JLL. is by care in such minutia) that wfo may Has tho best, largest and purest stock of confecwas the laconic reply. .1: the life of the aged." tionary in Salt Lake city. Juat theplaco for ladies Ax Indiana Judgo stands no nonsense prolong from the bar. A lawyer, Jattly, in the to purchase. course of his argument, used the word "dis The need of nrrosE. "Repose," says Latin words," a paragement." "Stop using writer, "is tho secret of power in persons. ' eaid the Judge, "or sit down." The poor pictures, statues- ,- architecture, books : and : CLUB PATES. i """"""""" lawyer, undertaking to explain, was ruth nature, as if it were a means of retaining as '... Determined that nothing shall bo wanting on the part Well as disclosing life, and health demands lessly tinea uo for contempt. I of the A ScmcniiAN having hired himself to a a frequent pause to restore the balance of I of tho Publishers, to increase the circulation contcmia promoting the objects lho45yistemand keep up perfect circulations. EipoKKST former, Had a cjicese se puoi that he might help himself. The master Tho night If spent in healthy sleep, after j sent of the?xstIcws of the if omen of Utah, sustained by reduces the world's said tb him, "Sandy, you take a long time proper evening hours, read" by ,lhm, and its columns enriched with a to breakfast" "In troth, maister," an- chaos ana we are new every morning. Who them, circulated expression of their thoughts," we offer widely swered he, "a cheese a' this sizo is nae sae does not know the magic of a brief pause the following liberal terms to clubs for the present vol. in the midst of the worst confusion? A soon eaten as ye may think." calm of five minutes will invito back our ume; 1 year with a copy to the' getter tip of To be tho husband of a potted prima donna vagrant ideas and powers. So the home 10 copies; mm ..i eiub. tbe cannot be altogether agreeable. He is noth- snouui oe iixe a nusn ana a in inis X5 copies, ! year, with a copy to the getter up of iuiaDy X6 oo the club, ing but an attachment to and faint reflection headlong, whirling, noisy, furious, ana d 13- of her. Ho is part ot her suit, whoso ex- tracted world of the nineteenth century 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of tbe club, and a framed tteI engraving 12 x 16 the manager, and ho is a nook apart from the thoroughfares-r-agro- t penses aro paid-bof President Brigham Young, selling Inches,' oo generally regarded as her maid Is, or her or bower under the sky, where tho beauti f.50 ti price, ,rr?vi':'M i.;t poodle, nor canary or guitar, or any other ful spirits of the air will hover and dance. S3 copies; 1 year, witha copy to the jetterup of Incumbrance. the dub, and a superior first proof steel en; ? Its atmosphere should be a little oricnta hand-- ": grarlngof President Brigham14Xoung, ' exhaled as es and from if r l: 43 00 ; poppi cheering, There was once a clergyman in New somely framed, telling price Clubs can be commenced at any time, and additions Hampshire, noted for, his long sermons and and balsams." Indolent habits. "How Is It," said a man can be made after the first' list of names has been sent. to a neighbor, "That Parson, tfre laziest THE Peoria "Iieview" says that a lady Getters up of club should notify. of their intentions , -man living, writes those interminable teacher in one of the public schools was o mat we can crcoii mem wim u name, "Why," said the other, "he proba- amazed the other day by seeing a perfect la all eases give the name and residence of each to bly gets writing, and is too lazy to stop." of juvenile hands fly up in the air cribeii plainly .and correctly written, with the time cach ahscriptian la tocommencc, and whether for Mrs, Jipes, of Greasy Point, HI., afte and shake and gesticulate with violent agi- . . vnai ao you wanii" querrieu tne " j sawing a cord of wood, digging five bushels laiion. Instructor. Chorus.-- " Yer hair's Money can be remltua by registered letter ai tne nsK of potatoes, milking twenty cows, carrying puzzled ef the publkhers; 7 ' I i;:.;t-;!tea tubs of water, and doing a washing of falling off." ' the address changed from one Subscribers lit1 that had1 been" catih i Air bxwhich" was In of-wor- k ''' . v '" '. . ; - d '- . - t' -' - . i r- ; j ; I . . " " , long-haire- -- , , , ...... . m , , ; , . : . , . " -- . ; . f ten-doll- ar t i t - - i ; - ? ' - ; . .' :' - " -- I. 1111(1 -- . . . ":'yi ? i 5 f - tea dozen pieces, Incidentally mentioned being tired. Mr. Jipts read to her from a believe Jhat nothing would newspaper; tend so effectually to get rid of 5theso creations of weariness, and that overstimulation cf tho emotions, as a fair share of healthy work directed toward a definite object." Just here a can of Itoyal Baking Powder lI - k. 8er-mons- ?" , t ? sub-mre-st . desiring Post Office to another should send us their former, as ' A young housekeeper being applied to well as their new address ?' ; for a situation by a servant girl, she asked: Terri- We hope that agenta and ladies throughout the "Why did you leave your last place?" tory, espcHaHy Presidents and Officers of Belief SocieV see ma'am." tho 'Why, you replied girl, "I tiea win aid us by getting up clubs, by brtegbg the g was too and r and when .opened to the notice of n tho door the gentlemen took mo for the otherwisefsTorably itscireula-cusisg their iafiuccc ,to bcrease missis." f and usefulness, - 1 Ex-roxi- 1 good-lookin- non-subscribe- i. rs xT 