WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 'US For the Expoxest. .'. NEW YEAR'S GREETING. f , : ' ',1 1 f r, r Soxc. Tune,iThe Mistletoe' Bough:" " ' The glkd KeWTearthe glad New Year! Iii varied guises li doth appear: Ejes of beauty and eyes of light; .Looks of gladness and love unite; While many a .form! 'in reverence bows To hall old Time with his fresh young spouse; And the sorrowing heart, and the anguished tear, All greet the glorious, glad New Year. ., Year New The CnoKUs: 0! happy 1a ; Joyous glad New Year I The mother meets fondly her breath, death: 1 . K new-born- : . of common 's nditladreU-weepi'erlheJbed- bl , - - - home-mad- hop yeast. e One tea- - oMhis yeastwiu cup-fu- ll t--r tm of attention from these wouia "juorus oi ureauon." m the estimation 01 ner own nusoana, (11 she happens to be favored with one,) she is siin- his establishment, to man. ply a. necessity in . . 11 J 10 auena age .ins nouse, 10 cook nis uinuer, i. to nis wararooe, always on nana 11 sne is wanted and always out ot sight wnen not needed. Ke does'nt mmcLKissing ner occa- - I T 1 X . sionaiiy. wnen it suits mm: out ne never thinks she has any thoughts of her own, any ideas which might do developed; she must not nave even an opinion, or 11 sne nas sue must'nt express it, it is entirely out of place; loaves of bread r andntvillewtwcrOTtilomestie tirm. With luxurious dainties in fulness stored ; If men are really superior to women, let three weeks without souring. Bread made While the miser, unmoved, hears the plaintive calls Of famishing souls by his grim, cold walls;- from this yeast is remarkably sweet, light them show themselves so; prove themselves But the blest and the wlwlthL their bounteous cheer, and white. "akin to God." This is ,...:::.:7J:.;:7..: Forget not the poor on the glad New Year. what a real woman craves; something ' wor , Chorus; iO! The happy New Yearletc. thy of reverence, of worship even, second : - this, have a handful of hoi3 tied un in a cloth boiling1 in two nuarts of water. When the strength of the hons is well boiled into the water,' which will take about twenty minuted, remove ihfim. Put into the water a small teacup half-fu- ll of salt, the same amount of sugar, and thicken with the grated potatoes. Boil fivft minutes, stirring steadilv. Turn into a crock large enough to admit of rising, and when just cool enough not to scald, stir in a teacup-fu- ll of brewers yeast, or about a pint rkntntnnsr whilft (loinc , 7 J f share yeast. Grate four large even: tho smallest oe Home-mad- e ' ! ., . 'pre-eminent- ," --.: ; The clatteriBii6oTTra'dthe Of merriment boldly tell ; ' In sportlre haste glide the skaters by, meets eye; ; Bowing and..smiling as eye 'Mid blitbsome music and dance and song, t The young folks are speeding bright hours along; , And the laughter of little ones gleeful and clear, Greets gaily the dawn of the glad New Year. yiChorus: 0! The happy New Year, etc. But of all good things, of all things blest, Thanks and praise to our God Is best! '. No other light can the day Impart, T' compare with the bliss of the grateful heart; 01 dearest hope, He will guide us still, r 01 sweetest work to perform His will! His Spirit and blessings and gifts are here 01 praise ye His name on this glad New Year! i Chorusr O! The happy New Year, etc. w ' out-do- or onlyjtoJierCreatQrBut iaHingtafinclthiv she betakes herself to other things, finding no superiority in her "Lord and master" nor even acknowledgement of wifely duties, she seeks for happiness through another chan- nel easier of attainment. If a woman is real enough to let her husband know she is devotedly attached to him, in nine cases out of ten, he only makes use of it to Tier dis- advantage; consequently it has become gen- eral among women to advise each other to disguise their real feelings, afraid to ac knowledge them out of policy. Where can be the real happiness,.the one ness? Is not this teaching women to be false to their own hearts?. KEAL WOMEN. -- . Who and what are they ? Not the paint- ed dolls and votaries of fashion, whoso sole earthly happiness seems to consist in being elaborately dressed, and daintily perfumed, and who so disfigure themselves, and dis- arrange and up their apparel that it to is difficult tell whether they are real or imaginary beings: counterfeits of woman- huod ; false to nature, false to God who made them perfect. Everything which tends to make them fiilse, hypocritical and untrue, perverts their own real nature; God made woman beautiful, if not and figure, nature on the mission of her yet the very earth, helps to make her "a thing of beauty." God intended her for a real comforter, a real help-mee-t, what could be more charming, more satisfying than this, were it carried out to the very letter as he designed it should be? How few there are who understand (even in part) the importance of the position they occupy, and ibr which they were specially created, and strive to preserve their own identity, their own individuality by being word real; it is a very simple, common-plac- e so much. it yet comprises What man who possesses pure, manly in stincts. bnt in his heart Avera he left frfi fn choose, untrammeled by worldly tradition and distinction, would prefer" a real wo-man to an artificial one: one who would be in-fac- . . e Man, with all his boasted knowledge, and practical skill in reading character, is HOUSEHOLD HINTa still in comparative ignorance of how Women feel, or 'what they are. He regards them as toys, to be picked up and cast asido one teacupful of sour cream, two eggs, one at will ;very well for pastimo playthings, or tablespoonful of soda, a little salt, flour for housekeepers; but to consider them real, enough to make quito as thick as pound genuine, rational beirgs, is a novel idea ; they cake. Bake In muffin rings placed upon tins are vain, frivolous, fickle and deceitful, incain the oven, from twenty to thirty minutes, pable of performing any important part in according to the temperature of the stove. life creditably. BEESWAX-rr-Meit- . the comb by bailing i t I must acknowledge the real genuine ar in water. When cool it will form a cake on ticle is hard to find,in this enlightened ninethe surface, which may be taken off and teenth century; but shall jvve succumb to Therimpufities wilOettle rtoTthe this foul aspersion upon our sex? Shall we or x bottom, and may be scraped off. If the first a L tl L. i wecouieni counieneursnau wunaiaiseuie,a not is sufficient, remelt until clear. melting weoe reai women w e iauor-aa- y oaims, This makes the yellow Wax of commerce. . F 10 to purer, wnoproiess aspire someming two Ti we 3oiled CusTARD.-j-Tanetter n and world? n.cnVi fill the than nrn rtmtirl 'on1 nigner.nooier frtntnnf f rrr of corn starch, one quart of milk, three in the consciousness of being really are seeking to understand ourselves, our happy a half a of uwu orgumzuuon, our own inuiviuua mu; salt, and small worthy her husband's love and esteem. tcaspoonful eggs,' of milk heat the to, nearly piece butter; maKing a real v:se of our time, naving a boiling, and add the starch dissolved in a woman,", Ma magnificent woman," "a supe- - real PurPOse in all tint we do, in all that wo part of the milk; then add the eggs well rior woman." "a literarv woman." or "a "Ying a reai uie; laying up reui ireas- beaten, with four table spoonfuls of powder- strong-minde- d woman." A hundrp.d nnd ures in the kingdom of heaven; not copyed sugar; let it boil up once or twice, stir- - one are applied to the sex, but in the fashions .f the World, or their man- adjectives ring it briskly, and it is done. Flavor with whoever stops to think of the Real Woman uers "ut improving ior ourselves, guiueu lemon or vanilla to your taste. the real livincr help? She who nuifitlv. and directed by the best talent, judgment r tTHiBoON7"Jourhal of Cliemistry" without ostentation or parade, fulfills the and skiIi we possess. It is very easy to copy,11 13 nOininij re41 l!l iinai. UOl uVCu a smnll. nlinnrfnllv r.QtiontIv says: "It is a well known fact that a eshness about it, it is only imitation; like led egg is more easily digested than a heroically and hopefully, unknown save to e silly school-gir- l, who, too idle to exer- hard boiled one; but the difficulty is in tho those who: constitute iher-- ; own immediate her own dormant faculties, copies from white, not in tho yolk. Experiments have circlo, and often unappreciated even thprp- - cls0 's her slate, forgetting it will bo v shown that the gastric jiiico will .not act Sherhas not wealth perhaps, or even a sune. of no benefit to her in future; it serves her Teaduy on the tough, tenacious structure of rior education. b?Et if she has strong com- the tm being, it is sham, she firmly coagulated whito of egg, even when mon sense, and an active mind, she is just PurIose for ofl for real information. cut in pieces as small as peas-r- or as fine as as capable of fining her mission here, and of P303 " Lot us bo more cautious-l-et us know for pcojple usually chow their food while it standing in her own real place hereafter, acts wi th" facility" on lliemore jbrit (1 0 yolk.' a though she was or ourelvesthat will:iiakpu9 LreakWeshall then bo better qualified. to accomplish tlu(t To cook eggs splhaftheywill casilyTili-gested,pzr we aro striving to attain to, not following a them into boiling water sufficient One of the popular writers of tho present a pnanmm, dui mat which iu cover inem ana lei inera remain ten ori day says "Man is what woman makes him;" BiUluui fifteen minutes, keep tho water nearly to and I would kindly beg leave to add, "w rea1' a real Gospel, which .will elevate', are what men have made them." A flne ancl PurifT bringing us backinto the boiling point, but do not let it reach that i ... nresenco.or mm wnose aim ana aesisrn i point Fresh eggs will cook sooner than old nMinf ix real civ. iitiiH ,irtTo,o nuiuLaiii; vt ujiiaii 13 i"'1! tinnrnfnnriinr ones. By this process tho yolks will be well nobody in our creation was to rnuko us real women. nowadays, in the sight of tho world. cooked, whilo tho whito does, not become A woman feels compelled to distinguish her Blanche Beach wood. ' to ancl hard, digest" 1 vth self in zome way or other, in order to elicit tough JSlir .OL'ft I'lftr 1873. re-inelt- edr . ke , tabie-poon-fu- A ?i.l- 1. ; I J. 1 A ls . 1 IinmP-llntlP- soft-boi- y . class-mate- . a-fjv- orite -of- -fortune ut re-m- en i 1 -- I 1 ... 