SALT LAKE- - CITY, UTAH, -- MARCH 15, -- 1877J -- ' HnconsistentI1 I i She also maker H-'C- Bends th bare bm'gWtUliro8t-a&re- In rery .pelnjlrilfc saoan U jshadjpirs huF.9an$grun t'he'jWTer'iaPft8;' And stanfl wttbin,,wlthoii a thought ot tear, r Though sotemo founS&Land nightrand death ara near. safrits both youhgand old.i? regard to President Young as edit- or, his highland exalted position jis tho leader of so great a people, gives him plen- ty to occupy his- - mind, time and attention-- : Without editing paper li is thy same with " ; - our MovdJ3ist highest esteem b$ both thd menf and wo-- ? men p,this,cxmmnnity.r , though she is soventy-thre- o years otf age,?her ,hair is not 1 yet, gray, ana sn e can riprm mprG. labor, men tal and physical than the lady who"makcs her ago-a- 0(bjection.craldjIa at forty, I am writing matters of fact-- th hey ex-i- T bier. With helpless hands upon this .1 ; ' , U ;'5it.. v,i;.u Would any, lilting up theso helpless hands, t , : ' Blesslthenvfor deoda 'of W?n4 ejr dqn,e? " Would anj 'iwjjt llpa and ay That for the fmndfess they weitf wrinfto pray, iy That they Irom ihjsome crrinf sbuibad Woo?: ' self-Boug- ht . " 1 i';.1;- : fi ; 1st,, without retentation, 1 i is ' r .; x 1 :1 1 nip irpm; cnuanooq;-- yet; sno - acmes one u .. very importAiit principle of that religion. 0 j If wo. believe baptism hib'rJthe rremissIon ; of sins, the laying on of hands for the re- - , y ception of the Holy :Ghost and tho ordi-- ' r feversed in ' ngjand' that voman Bhould ,nances of the, house of (3odt also' ;tho bap-- " The- senti- : .tismfor 4ho. dead,; thei.resurroetion th'tgne and , hereafter decupy eternaljudgment, we mu$theli0yejn Ce- - 'f . mbht 'wns received wi th' applause twd memlxQtMrliament'whow 7lestial Carriage for timend oternilyThe'i: pres Lord irevealed tho principle of ,Jhe: ever-- , vihed;-1-1lastiug Gospel; through: tho prophetoseph , jjrqsDeqt rjpw: that the $ rihf Tpre 'l - Smith; for thesalyation nc 2exaItation of; .'statue to commemorate,; the first designed 4 ; the human family, ..YfiU if they Centennial ahnlvprs"afy ofriietican indo- accept it , :,(; vandliyQ obedient toiifSjrefluirementv , pendcfico! Will be 'raplejbeaiiBJpilt work ; f r I .nv say '"i, pannot, J myself heard the lady ?give up the religion omy mother, taught ' i 7 i j .s; we'Fo twen- - have aireadjr'tKJcurred. The . mountain is "decdpjjjy; restless, there is, a subdued roar from ;uioH depths, which tell vT u of a surging sea of lava'.5' 1 Zt ,TriBBosTC SirGeorgo Camptiell1 of Knglandj;' recently nfc a public proposing the'hcalth banqucin h 'of the Jluon; said Se vka itiotW'Womml6 Rights' man in tfibcommdq acceptation, but tWeney-si- pi .mlsrep- lcJja4(pe( ?n.;t,v,rri. n? rr?? tho Jn the eighteeiith cehtury therb . , n If I had entered in Vtf Bhadnw Jandl Titia f .- 1 S ' . 1 s j fiesu to aspiot dnij hU most ;;be; threatening jaecorilnof ' fhccbunts to an there Js a'; tendency reliable; eruption, 8uch af; cur pef IoicaW. it is itmj naihero'f ; eruptions ththcntury as Jes thah four to ic.Utino!rci years. . Toluidelyto wo-gatbe- - - Ml i "V ith '' Or hare? thews hands 1argot to feast kroucdi God's blessing, that by thVway, Forgot to lift the burden from (he weak? And have tieBe swrofnlUps been skmto speak . Wprds hatfwouW heal some keen jar cruel wound? iJ ' Haye I been wasting gfacio,'i6tdefii hours i And planting thorns,' instead of bruits' and 'ifowefs. O? Iff .ff' This dlsmatwnd would tell iqy doubting soul .' "That my nte's ineasuT iiasji)een'TnjaTain2 But when I mark that quiet, steadfast rdy, :i That still through storm pursues its sflcn way ! Fresh courage comes, and I Would ask again, , That I may live to clothe in warmth and light,., The purpose, born of doubt and pain ? . - -. ' "r- 5 "fkefed not thai the moonlight fitful falls i Through hurrying clouttthai crttas ttio tranquil rays; . .Thi8disn)alblat Height txi a Edim?r breeze, Ao4 aummer, laurels crovraj the leafless recs, .; 'night fPT! jv&rtf imprftthan they ; cold one abound I Wapmarnir gray stone, And like th dead; am quiet' and alone. ! , rV " ,? VV .;;- v r o7 What If I wertlike these, whose breathless sleep, Is never broken as the years goibjt ; " What ft'iay spirit tired of toil and pain, v. Should Jilt awayand bot return again Krf-Wha- t : have. I done that any eye should wqep? friir , I ; - wulde ibuj Trt-- her their vote but they quld small - minbrity. v 'sf, J fear I);have mide my article top long, - ther assertion that tho apos-itatize- cl "Woman's Exponent i does jiot represent mucinterestedlnh th& Uruo i sentiments 'ofthe Wdmen -- of -butlamfp ' of : .our young people, , J wouldwarn, them Utahi" but is edited by Brigham Young ' r: against tho, punriincraftln and Eliza R. Snowra woman on the shady and-Je- ad are , trying to deceivo them them not this an insult to side of seventy.'--IJ. 1'. Jl" r.r--,lrom tno irutn,? the Editors as well as to thewbmen of Zionr when we alf know that H is edited ahd sup !!' , 8. LCity, f ; ported by women that arvtnio Latter-day- ! ' Are thro'grotuofrem trunk and treinbling limb. That Ialon 'ilV-'- - have tni trutW number like erself, frorn the find ii ren) previous to her marriage, thereby ac- -' knowled girig h ersel f r a pi ural wife ; how A DREAM; ; - , - ; 1 ; i J . to-nlg- hf. ! - : - ,1 , "BY THEIR FRUITS YE SHALL ; : ; I I "k faints cannot; like the lHaving heard an articlot readiwhich iwas Christain world, riccept ono, portion ,of theV, published in the HVomaii'fi Journal: against rovealed.word and, rejectthe others; Plural j Marridge' and misrepresenting ; neither can iservo God apd Mammon, things gen'drally. I wish. ihronVrh rbutike, J oshua ofhJj'mu3tcJiocfte,whom l : umns of thjoE2tEOXENTito gi v.my; sisters we will serve. Now Is tho time my sisters u wuruw cauiion, tnai iney may not bo dej.to qhooseirwhethor e wilh peirve tthe Lord. ceived by H6so7that appear in; shedp's cloth- ni't -- serve IJaal iug, Aepeaingcxipmraiiy,) but their object and go' afterlithQ fpllios of the . is to ingrotiatdthemtefilvfts in o tin An r the families of tho saints, foftho purposu'',' V worlds JIany ppirit8aro.in purrjmidst, letus, try thQ.8pjrits!t)y:tboIaWvana tho tcstiof leading! thosd!'' - if .thoy.speak hot, according! to this thatcannot discerntho spirit ithey aro: of.?;!. Imonythere is joo truth in them.; By heir fruits Thd aHiclo referred' to,: Vas' I written by -sball know, themf. was .the:,teaching oC A lady brought up among tho LitteriayV oye Our Xiordand Savior Jesu3! Christ in Hi3 Salntsj and after she was moro than thirty .: day so also can we inow them in our day.! years dld.ibecamo' of hnr nwn';fMa wm v nWe i can J ndge l tho .spirits ; of; , people by choice, tho fourth wifo of a man in Plural - Let usnny Tistersr: w ,theirxconVereationMarrlage.?n 6h rejoiced found'! .f servo.God and: keep jIUs. commandments her afflnity,and remarked to never associating;. with those ; who, speak;' friends of the congeniality thdt existed be-t against the Lord's anointed, or the princiiden hersel f , and husband.' i S h o Syas ples of the Gospel neither bid alicm wel. Old.enongh to chooselfor: herself, and como to our houses; if wo do tho spirit of alararnfeas sho ngns God will become, grieved and our minds was "thd ctted limh of tho flock ! (as sho , .will bo darkened. , t. ;( i styles herself,) but hen-hehusband ,j is tvery anxious to .'. Thif h had btherwive3 that requirl ' to pur young peoplci and Tmakcs the ed his attention, 'kho-ca-mo to the conclu.' rAaM assertion if she could call r a ypefrom the ,r sion thatPolygamyj57as '..Dot true, and took young;.rpifVnlne4 ?tni ,r P0? a&ainsthe principle:" give" t heir : vote' against. PoiygamV I am for .her husband who i ?imlDS In thisshe Vould be woful. t' tthankful to ftad thrco wives, (and' each Jbf theb chihl-V- t: f ly mistaken.sayiV.hayo ,Vo", doubt siief coul- dWo astter-da- y aridf -- : -- OX-Go- L8tatue ( . , ' Island, near; !Jjf6rkarbor, where-i- t coming in from . away-.t&cTfyoilfjg,i- rpVrepfepntfeit''? pf tho md'ifiI r'lcatcd at jGWdeoflbibelty, . "Bedlbe's w d ? (VwiU ;J?e the thb.grejiMeoIisof he pn;0 hun- - j GnltCjdr&tates. VdfCfi, feet In, heighf, hp pedestal j eighty feet .Tho goddess will w'cara crQwn upon her heatlf from ichSyn burst putpeams , . I; and Vr;bf,jjgiIIum)nat !arid i ? , ? in-havi- ng her-intim- ? ato . ? cer-tain- ly xmhaas ; , r ro-taembe- . Anti-Polygiml- st , . " :'an . : ieaaW called to i uporf toTaid viflfraisingL funds assistthe 'Chlneie im' this their, hour of distress. Thist fearful calamity has burst but in th el prb vidcof of"Shan Tun g; in tho ' northern part? of China, but i tho greatest distress Is in the prefecture ofTVu Ting Fu, : 'lxpul6u9 ipartt of m the country, where the croups have wh'ollyifailed.!, For ihrcoinohthsoltvla:rfiaid:th6 people there have rjcnUtvlhg" on the barks and ffoots of trees. ' Multitudes' of starvation. v Marry persorisavo taken their own lives, ; and sxmbyparents have'eveniburied their i - 3 -- sciy are-dyin- g i: ehndren YiIiveoVLetters'' Bavebensent to Shghal,iiCanton-an3 tho ,inerchants:;fj soliciting help in tho strong. d tJ i Hong-Kon- g', - est ? terms; i Americah Mlsilonarles there bavb suggested fthor nlost proper toethodg of sending fund?, -- . - - 