FROM cBEAYEB0" fit. : GEtfeGEj; t ( M f j v. , i i . io , "'i.- i - " the road Is I nterestirig n thb itialnf highway,- - when ?it takes an easterly direction through the 7a. : (From 'Beaver - mous Freinbn growing rocks the are!rom;two to three rower until regular? wl th deep: fissures I where 5 the ce- - ! 1 are .covered wiuLwie veiuufttwUi. luy vvviivvA r uvea anjf Bjrubs a a great jidynd;toT3t of yjifch,' there isand the Varfety.'Iarlspurs. roses, .violctsi : ( -- iirt Irt ilhftOft: flaan iee6 fided leaf Ann s 5 : f hn BaV- - th 6 springs for aome tance is very- tineveh and rdckyj'fopenirig Thfe road Trom - vdiose bounds the PrariefDog', iaC species of Marmot 1 i vef in com parat Ive secu rity and peace, greeting the traveler at times with his short snapping bark. Of two roads here, . At Jf one ui,vergiD ioneT ngni passes- - aimosi ? .... , directly throngh Bear Valley, cutting off, it is said, some miles of rocry road, thu oth-- , er. continuing on almost in the same direc-- , lion asatrst, passes over, the hills reaching the 3oylerf some miles belo w t he pher, .crossing, on its, .way, a long stretch called (it fiyefttjiley'rpckyhjil.4 The road Reading ( f.ftrqugryijf(M ful ihp jttpm lands cpverlnTmep 1 beingf:ttsi3d"foTia"'BheepT;i:i sert the. grass land below during tne not weather on account of tho large fly. which is too annoying to endure. Tho road from hercTis a delightiul drive through open .glades, sunny nooks, and shady dells, grad- ually ascending, thus bringing tho traveler to the eim of the great basin of North America; from whence the descent passes through a dense pine foxest interspersed with plants and flowers whose rich perfume floats out on the summer air, mingling with that of pine and cedar,iringing as It were, new life to both body and mind, and charming the eye with varied tints and changing hues. ! " w More Anon. EXECUTIVENESS. , ; flows ipto the , evlqr a short distance loV.thMa , ' be- -' j Along 'thV&evierUtie "country presents a different aspect, dotted here and there with fann houseS and ranch buildings, many of whichafe 6wlde3erted' as the range in 'many places p has r been .completely overstocked J with cattle. 'Many: very thrifty farms', are seen; with beautiful meadows yielding large.fiupplyiof ;hayj wheat and .corn arerraised in abundanca .The scenerv is grandly sublime in many places. .Arriv-linai?anguitchy. (sq called rom; the lake labqvp, which proyides the inhabitants with a plcntlfuiupply of fish and a clear stream of- ojtj water,, flowing through all parts .of thejtownjhefe' wo And an abundance of ..exceHehi ,butter ajid cheese; very few vegetables beins'raised within its' limits; quite a number of the inhabitants' spend their sumnlers ranching,' and because of this the place has aa somewhat untidy appearance. Here a 5very ;good : bridge crosses- the JSo- -rvicr bout a milo fromntho: town, the7only iane:in4hU.parof.the country as (he stream i is fonied , in, many; places, and grows grad emaller j as the road proceeds . to ward the rjm ,o the basin, the dividing lino be,. t ween the northern and southern slope; as the Sevier loses its tributaries it becomes a brIght,clear-8trcarn-only-tsize of a tVi n tth for cr f f ami nt 4 (rorvV rmmfn Hcious coplnesi issuing from a cafion on the "riioVitl snnnlied with sririnp-far ittv nmrtn the pines, where those fond offish can exercise their patience by catching with hook and line,' the spotted mountain' trout, or ' -- f -- ,ces i.th" a species 6t wheat grass, tall and tnfjhy, also, t6e common - grass hich pti ' tl i 'nrefen Jhtabiindari ce' : tinv snrinps firm a smalCt ream called Bear Creek wh ich -- J picturesquo arise here and there forming most beau'tifuV scenery, and one might easily "imaglua they were the remains of some ruined city of Old." a drive of Entering the pine forest after,cabin on a two or three miles, a small log knoll is the next sisrn of life and habitation, tnou?n oniv a snmmer resilience, mjo -- ; , . o-r- ilHrettf Joyously un'til ?the last has iW atHhe'most solemn scene of the ' 1 J witb tali "plhes.CIniof redand Covered v 1j w t a a- .1 e nl l a f od n n d t ra n pol v fiilUU 81UUC) laukwmvv- - " WllllU u' fore drops aspenin snial proves1 here 'arid 'there Vaiitvers in the 7 elers often'flnd rest and: refreshment hero, iUm-' intbis solitude. stream 9 the Leaving this place a small near the rim of e, hnatltlTiil J There is a marvellous difference anion c individuals with respect to their accom plishing work. Some pass alifetime in doing what' amounts to nothing. They seem born to Sputter,' to waste themselves oh trifling weak, useless tasks; ni3ro human lichens are they, parasites, ithips on the cur rent of life, drifting aimlessly. Others have every day something to show for their time: ' . g; ; - , u-.a- lly . . he s -- , - " - powery and dfteTTSvory capability they possess for doing and suffering. It is useless for one; without a definite purpose or. plan! to dream of accomplishing . Few indeed are they upon whom this greatness is thrust. The doers in this life are those who intend to do; all others are cumberers of tho ground thistles, weeds, unfruitful figtrees destined toper- much -- ? ; aiiw uay aiiu wees aiiur.,wet!K m mureiy going through the forms of doing,; and at the end of this time have actually nothing accomplished. The butterfly doubtlcs3 vis- its as many flowers as the bee, the grass, hopper' goe3 over as 'much ground as the ant, but how different the showings in the twojeontrasted casesrJnrpoVe''aninjates the bee and the ant; one ' moves in a "bee the other works with such persistent industry that for 3,000 years at least the ant: pose, had been an example known and read of by as many ash'ave studied her ways. A great deal of the time; of even purposeful men and women is wasted for want of a well digested plan of action. The executive individual has a pretty clear idea, first of exactly what he wishes to accomplish, and secondly of tho manner in which he intends to work. He does; not blunder into a thing. and blunder on all the way through it He may. not see what his last step will be, but he sees quite clearly what his first step must be,and. then the second, and, as he progresses, the end becomes clear. He does not allow himself to be diverted or detained from his work' by slight causes, petty hindrances, trivial interruptions. If one stops to. follow all the ;litlle s that lead off from the main from Joppa to Jerusalem he will be a long time in reaching that ancient capital. The way to secure main issues is to . neglect all smaller ones that have not a direct bearing on the success aimed at A woman writer in the New York Tribune. : , ; side-path- -- - ; , . and even painful; bnt, habit renders all ;; things easy. .. This, setting one's self tasks, however, does, not as surely develop one's powers as haying these tasks .set by sqmo one else; and, of all taskmasters, stern necessity bas the most to show for his pupils on examination day, Let. no one. who loves himself repine at the commands of this stern taskmaster; Jhis mission,' is most beneficient. From what rough and crude; material does he often fashion noble, accomplished, and beneScient men and women! Thlg ho does by laying heavy burdens on them, by sub' jecting them to hard and cruel, blows from the hand of fortune, by compelling them to make brick without straw; by forcing h Am ' tn Td AVplrtn Avrv rftsnnffifly of thuir : e ply.the fir.emvglerwitH the; coQl.refrcsh- - .along, mountain and Ahiu-sid- ' n grows nere in aouuuau. travand resides at the mouth of the caflon, loft flnwin from springs the basin, is coverldJntsj wuier, ueur-in- g plant that seems to uoai on m much resemsmall white flowers, very and dehev bling the common plum blossom, vine-likstems iously fragrant, having long leaves. The road gradually and leathery ' flsnendinff to Cutter's' ranch, a' distance of two miles, diverging to the right, traverses land; the hill ?a long; swell of wire-gras- s f.dar and opine Jhave thrown-ivtheir- . firm, rooto fierce and resist ; the gales that strong sweep like avenging spiritarover., mountain tarid! glen, ' v3ix miles from, the, entrance .. some small springs are foung, .whfch ,sup-- r s iratherin its serason, the wild fruit which ."Something accomplLjhed, something done, Hath earned a niyht'a repose." , These possess a' purpose and energy,a strong will, a clear perception, and often an active imagination; all of which combined, render them motors in society. Though a great deal depends on original endowment, a great deal alsa depends on training. Child ren wno are brought up to do nothing, generally do, nothing. :Thoso who are trained from' Ihfancv in all . wnvfl nf anirKoi helprulness to others, have the ability to ueiu uiemseives ana nein o ners Tn him that hath shall be given.'LJLiord Bacon "xuere is no.stana or impediment in the . . I if V.f xiiajr uo wrougni out oy nt studies. If a man's wit be wandering, let him study mathematics; for in demonstrations, if his wit be called away never so little he must begin again; so every defect of mind may "have ia: special receipt" This last assertion is a3 true in matters pertaining to iu those intellectual. The purpose-ies- s individual may, If he. wiil change him. elf: in this particular, by setting Jiimself tasks to perform, and steadily them. This may bo found at firstperforming TT w 4- - - 1 char-acter;- as ; laborious; thor-ough.fa- re HINTS TO WRITERS AnD SPEAKERS. William Cullen Bryant gavo the followa young vman who ing excellent advice-toffered him an article for tho "Evening Post: My young friend, I observo that you have used several French expressions in your article. I think If you will study the English language, that you will find it capable of expressing all the Ideas you may :;' J have. ,;i': ''' - ' I have always found it so, and in all that I have written, I do not recall an instance whero I Mas terapteoVtouse word, but that on searching I found a bttterone in my own language Bo simple, unaffected; be honest in your speaking and writing. Never uso a long --- . - " 