B. S. HEPORm The General ReirenchmentMtlbgin the Fourteenth JWard Assembly Booms Was one of special interest. President Mrs, M. I. Horrid" told the sisters that their labors wero but just conlmencingj-hat- 1 thetonferencei minutes calling uppnthemiby ;J m'ous vote of that august assembly, to go Into the silk' business, was suggestive of the magnitude of the work before them. Counselor Jliss J3.' B.- Snow said she : hoped Jhte missiontgiven loUheViWomen would be taken into immediate consideration by ev- :ry onewho had. at heart? the present land future luteresUoftioh very Important one. In having,it conferred : - . - " We have here a Society, presided over by Mrs. Eleanor Dudley assisted by Mrs. Elizabeth Chivers and Mrs. Elizabeth Hunting as Counselors. We number in all twenty one members. Our district extends four or five miles, part of which is enrolled in Ma--" ladlbranchIOur Temple donations brinimbWdt& Bister might ipkpect the benefit of the, fait It ndprayersf jthla I'greatbody ofpbpjei she alluded to the means which ' had been sJIto" start tho'i1 Silk-Associati- and on, h'e'encourageiaTn "to the people to interest5 theraselveIn this industry; she said that tn; Brigham' City they were goipg to ,avo a department in ' -- was ; exhibited; V the' rsf, silk dress' ever tnake in - IJtah, IV Homo.-the- n announced to the audience bishop Hardy and he addressed the assem. o $ly ; expressf d the pleasnre he felt iri sisters and the improvement which iad been made i in maay .Respects daring - meet-ing.th- the last few years; said he had never antic- out t machinery;! tho sister, who made' the dress presented i t as a ivoluntary Temple donation added that it had been purchased( by J5kIrs.Mi M. Barrett) and. the money giyea to theTemple,and that lady had given the dress toMiss E.;B.,;Snow,.who he ; hoped might by the blessing of; God iivo to wear it out. : A Testimonial cr certificate had been neatly framed and given to Mrs. Clark asa respect for her labors in the silk business He, spoke of hi3 appreciation- of the Belief Society in his ward. Elder An-"gMi Cannon arose and said that;; he had about e 'saine .feeling in arising ; before thai meeting as he liad: twenty-tw- o years before when he addressed a congregation1 of lawyers and1 learned men in a hall in Hartford, Coni Ho spoke of hlsj great "Honor arid reverence for good women; t'that his me-mentp- 'of . as best and noblest feelings had been implanted by his inoiher; said ho realised the sisters had in their keeping1 the Straining of those who were to be the future defenders not only of this' church but of the country.: Miss Snow expressed her thanks and good, feelings to be the I recipient of such a gift. Counselor E. Howard spoke, uion dress, ex travagance, economy, and the saints living, -- and-Mr- s. ,E. S; Barney upon sericulture and the straw-ha- t establishments The meeting was one long to,'bb remembered "by all present. Cuerry Creek, Oneida: 'Co. .Idaho. eUl v':U Editor Exponent -- :$Iarxh lOth, 1877. . 1 represented. i ,! ' t BockviLLE, March 26th; 1877. ' ' V" Editor'' ExPONENi?: -jQuBelief Society is in a very We read the reports of tho different organizations in the f settlements Storinq but we have nbne b sfore'up as grain, our facilities,) here do ot admit of its pro. 7V -- prosper- ous cbnditibljrwifE officers: ! 1 vh-jn------- -- dUctionizwo rfepenntir ern part of the Territory for breadstuff. I am sorry to say we have no Young 1 Mrs Amy H. Draper, President, , . xuuiia ouiiiu, if Counselora ; y " Ihts . : - the Sanpete Temple. ; : Temple. Our financial affairs are as. follows: we have a twenty-fiv-e dollar share in the r Washington factoryf and a thirty dollar 1 Cbr share in this tore;rparpet; and cushions which we donated to the, meeting house valued at eight .dollars, and twenty-fiv- e cents; donated to a : needy family,- a quilt valued at seven dollars; to the St. George Temple twenty-nin- e dollarsyto the Wash: , and forty ington factory, 'eight dolllars ' e dollars sixty-nincents; sundries on hand, and thirty cents- - cash on hand, four dollars - valued paper arid see-- - v In the Exponent that a said with regreat deal is being done-angard to the Grain Movement; I have felt highly pleased when reading of the success of the sisters in saving and r'storing grain, for I believe it to be very important step. We have riot' commenced doing anything, towards gathering grain yet, but we are be- I have noticed d and fifty cents We have had refreshing rains lately and the people are planting their gardens; the - '"i trees are also n bloojni. Praying for the prosperity of four breth. vthis? Latter-da- y ren and sisters work, I ; remain yours etc' Sec'y. Sarah Spilsrury, i ' 1 . ginning to agitate the matter some.for the prosperity, of the Ever Exponent and every other good undertaking, 1 remain ' Your sister in the Gospel, - - - . : ;.' ? 'O. , ;."h Fannie Slaughter, . . EDkTOREjNENTr::. 80th- ' t".,'. of the lief Society in this place. s . Store," InterestWo help thetie"pori; and visit the sick,' and are tryirig to more united,' arid live our religion to tho best of bur abiliand faithful President ty. Wo have in Mrs Christine Albertsen,.and her. Mary C, "NeelyVand; Anna ffansen, arer aithfid with .her; .'Karen Christensen isTreasurer. V 7 . Wishing for the succfesi' of the Expo co-work- -'S- ":-;V' i : efforts of,ihoc6mmitte&"to;make it a, sue, cess.! The proceeds pf the party amounted fofortylJeight'doiiars and seventy ards am yours" l ers . . , Gospel Mary Hansen Secretary.' i j ' t u:, itespecuuny, ,,.,,..;Tv . . nent, ,1 remain". HLLi11 . means: ib'frriishthelrnewHnllTheyrhad. a splendid time all feelinir'to appreciate a-go- Coun-fieloi- j,' l, . ; sfbcrihedorop , dollars donations received eighty-seve- n and fifty; cents; We have, also on hand about fifty bushels of wheat, and a consider, able quantity of flour which we hope to keep addjng to as longj as'theyearso " ' "' .".'"' i last.'. SoOn March 23;the Sisters of the Belief getiiDf" ciety had a social party. toTielR " y., 4 "draw 7, j 877. Feb. 7th 1877, President Mrs. S. Gibson presiding. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer the financial report for the year 1876 was read. Amount of The Society of eighty-nin- e members, arid we have bur meetings We are doirig our best to carry but counsel in the way of guying wheat; we have bought over one hundred bushels, of wheat already, aud we are exertingpurselyes to raise means with which to buy rhbre. We own $303.00' capital semi-monthl- - 13. Recon--sist- f I enclose you a brief'report of a meeting of the Belief Society held m jthe- - Society-Hai- 1877." : I wili give' you a .brief report .iff',; i 1 - Sugar House Ward, Apr. Editor Exponent: Secretary. Bear Biver City, March 4 - 'J, : : La- dies BetrencHmenfAsspciatibri organized yet, but we llVen hoesthai wevraay have ere long. Tho. St .George. Temple is now finished for which we should all feel very thankful; there are many people going forth to receive r their blessings, which fills our wnhJby: and)gratBude.j Oatiipcietsr made about forty yards of carpet Sot the Margaret Brundage, J Fannie P. Slaughter, Secretary, " ' Hannah Jennings, Treasurer. It of late' prepar We have been very-busing for the brethren arid sisters who are availing themselve going into the temple to perform a work for ' themselves and their dead. When we were called on this Southern Mission we thought that we were unfortunate indeed, but nowwe f are beginning to think that we have been highly favored in ' being permitted to live near the ' Temple. Our i Society has donated some towards building this Temple; and wo are" now going to donato some towards the erection pf -- ; all in our power- - to assist the needy and comfort the anlicted either by word, or deed. General good health prevails here, with the exception of a few bad colds, which are incidentalt.tQ this season of the year r J 44 We were called to part with., one of our most respected sisters last August- - Mrs. Annie Jackson; sheas a dutiful; member in the Society and"; serVedL3 jSecretiiry as long as her health would permit. .She was greatly esteemed by rail who knew her. ami-d- o Belief-Society -- Jones. Secretary. SAnAri A; . " -- 1- -- , By: reading your the' differcondition of -' the prosperous Irig' ehBellef Societies, we thoughUUhorde- rto' represent ourielves, rather than' hoi r bo -- - ? ipated soelngasilk dress manufactured with- thelrreiigionCoui - make a few remarki upoa: the tannery, co-labor- ers . enterprises prosperity, and riot forgetting our own, we remain V : ; Yours respectfully, Eleanor Dudley, President, J lizabeih Kleinmanr JU address you4o inin. the kingdom of God form our to honor our calling as a that we are trying -- ishin r Co Miarch 2, 1877. By request of our worthy president Mrs. monthly, and thy aM well attended yA sociable and friendly feeling prevails In our '''-' ...'.';...,-.v.'l'- s meetings , their dopperative store forhomemade silk, arid if. the slaters were energetic in this . might all; have, homo made ijUks that would, .be durable, j Silk culture audits" present and future success was the ftrlnelpaldblec'llbtflthe meelf ng.:x A beautiful silk dress pattern which was manufactured from the elements7bCI'armington Tokerville, Kane Editor Exponent: amounted to J140.00, giyen. by. thirteen of; our members; we hold our meetings semi- i 4 N'S EXP ONE N T. W OM A 178 a. i- ; ; : : ii gecTy. TSome men are gbdd t i becausn ; goodness pays best; and some are good for. nothing. -- 