W(KM nMISMATfcD .' .ff? O AT' s:.EX CN ETSfiT7 I do not know; what made me writ that but at times my feelings overflow in strain, er and loog :toour-ou- t rnyJ 13 to it the so, or gratitude pray IjoroifT; if i chance JohaYeypeivIiIransmltf my thoughts to paper. ,Whp will blame:; irie? . A " bakronc courted a little wbltH dore, l With the softtB of viafff and fcrryice fuit ot Jotcb, - bawkTf?9theriawk? And the Was a wcU-cnDugh- - n ; Had beeu uurtuifcd in lotPi Away f roin all strife. , ?j Welli Bhe married the havk; the groom was delighted, A teist was prepared, and the friends all invited. (Does any one think that my story's not true? He la certainly wrong; the facts are not new ) Then he flew ioiite nest With the doreat bis side, And soon all the rest " Took a squint at the bride: i ? , ut A hawk for bis father, a hawk for his mother, A hawk for his sister, and one for his brother, And uncles arid aunty there were by the dozens, And oh, such a number of hawks for bjs cousins. ; . They were greedy and rough, A turbulent crew, Atways ready enough To bo quarrelsome, too. , . .. the dove all was, strange, but never a woid la resentment she gave (o the wrangling she he.otl; If a thought of her peaceful, far-aa- y nest, Erer haunted ber dreams, or 4b robbc-- in her breast, No Mnt'cvcr knew; Each hour of her life Kind, gentle and true Was the hawk's dove-wif- e. To " d " But the delicate nature too sorely was tried; ; ' With no visible sickness the dovt drooped and died; loud was their grief f and the wish all expressed To call the learned b2rds and hold an inquest. ..J-Th- Ho ; -- all the birds came,' '' But each shook his head: zr 4 No disease couid be name Wby the dove should lie dead: , s " 'Till a wise old owl, with a knowing look; Stated this; 'Tbe case is as clar as a book ; No disease do I find, or accident's shock; , The cause of ber death was Job much hawk! Hawk for ber father, and hawk l6r her mother. Hawk for her sister and hawk for ber brother. Was more than th delicate bird could bear; She hath winged her way a realm more fair! ? 5 ' was nurtured a dove; Too hard the hawk's life; Void of kindness and love Full of harshness and strife," r : ' ' 4 . Remember me to all the children; their absent; brother sends love j to" all of them enough for both houses, whose inmates are all dear to me. u I own no half brothers and sisters, we are all one family. I haye been here in Mentor t hree.weeks, and a most pleasant visit has been my ro-- . ward during, the whole, time. Yesterday we all attended the Fair Inardincsville. I have done no public preaching recently, but my presence 'and''isitr prejudice Irom 1 thie mlqds, 0 .these! iolks and the rieiiibors. 1 ra trcate. well and welcomed by everybody, ik had come riaquainied arid preached publiciy tp would have given mo tho the people-the- y cold shoulder. There more than 'one-wato preach the gospel, and I always rpT member the words1 of counsel given 4 by Brotlier Woodruff to the'departlng missionaries, when we were set apart "Seek to? gain the confidence of the people in' divers ' the truo waysj llve up to your: religion-ithereof ; go into the' fields and Work spirit farmers the and gain good will.m It with. does not consist merely in goinjr over a vast area,pf :cjountry; stay in one place and do ?s much good as? you can in, thatiplaro r before moving, etc. " n am now helping cousin "cut grain, etc., l and am much esteemed by the whole family, who entreat me not to leave, or if so to return soon, and in I many, ways exhibit genuine afTectlon for me, notwithstanding J my earnest and open defense of Mcrmon-isadvocacy, of Polygamy, etc., which they hold In abhorrence. U sha'n't knuckle unde to ray best friends on .theso points. Tin a, JMormonl, anddon't care who, knows ' 'r-'-.--.Your aflectldhate son. HIS . i Co., Ohio, riAis, Lake r 7f P. .28; 1877.' ' ; , i itri. ' hour from fmrVin fWt.n . ... w u?i j'nivu iiuiu WHICH X absehfeat-.-elevenohthhave been How fast tho time Las sped away, Here lO i' , 1 d .." ; H h (In,, 1 ""n " w uvm, ; like . 5 m, , fuil-blpbd- ed it,-':fr- , , mine, "would ,ha,ve been, 1 decreased for,Jf jthe contributor: thereof. Blessed; bo f he V . womaliq Jnycnted chicken-pies- , Therf JchildrcnL&epariitcd - with light heartsVaniTf . , , happyf faccsr G rcat credit. ; is , d up f ; to Mrs' 'Dunn whose head hcar arid hans were exercised to the utmost to ' make ! eybry ' thing connected with the affair, a success.' Also to Mrs. Greenhalch and Mrs,;Beo.. It waa altogether a very pleasant- - and happy 7 - affair, 5 ! 5 - n -- v. ; ? are again bnlhT threshold of hoary winter when it seems as If wo had just emerged from it. And such, too, is life-w- e are frosted with ago ere childhood's flowers have barely withered, and ere we ose sight of the cradle .foe are approaching the grave-- SHort-indeeIs life. ShAnM, we not Indeed pdt it? to its best use? -- How -can "ly wot afford; to Squander any of th'o: golden moments now Inour possession and -now in : obliviongone, gone forever. And is not the service of our Father in "CaVcQ thH.b?t3 TtflftsthlA ne irx .UlU XJUl '; w-.v nuim lima and I3cslifiis.cun be ai.plied? Yk, , me,nl vcriljy, Ue !unp can reward and pun- - h.n .elernltjiie ajpne can save or, de- we 1 - : MOTHER. ; -- H , Mentor ;; 1 And when he bad told them, the other birds knew That this was the cause, and the verdict was Irut! -- The "Watchman " , r 1 y Bbo A YOUNG MISSIONARY TO . your paper recently; recommend ing having the children gleans 7The,tlme was fchort, and It being the; first time such a thing was tried in this place, very little else but a commencement, or as it were a foundation laid to improvo and, build on in years - come, was expected to bo accomplished. The President.of thoKelietSo- ciety, Mrst Greenhalch, (a most estimable lady,) and the' President of the Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association (who is also an excellent lady,) called a meeting. It would be tiresome to go into other details, but the result was the children succeeded in saving about twoand a half bushels of grain, after it was threshed.5 The ladies gave the juvenile gleaners a party, the President of the Association opened house for the children,? and with 'the officers of the Relief Society they all gath-ered up tbeir.baskets of pjenic and assem. bled this afternoon at Mrs. Dunn'sv r Yours. ' Truly enjoyed the honor of being, an invi. ted guest. I found, the little girls down in the willows close to tho house playing with great glee. They escorted me up to the house, where I found a cosy bevy of good sisters. My cars were soon caluted with" the pleasant sound of child ren's Voices, In the "next roomy singing Sunday "School' songs. They sang very sweetly. Miss ' Mary ureennaicn lea me singers in a very pretty way keeping excellent time; ThQ Ve line'et .songs were "Gathering home," andhappy,' again' Tho Work," "Gay two hands "All former and the' study;" the last one pleased me most. Some pleasant' l games were played, after which supper was announced. Abundance of everything good was provided, and to gaze on; that table : , groaning with luxuries, it rwas hardl to.be lievo the general cry of . "hard times." Rice puddiugs in largo; pans, all kinds of cakes and pies, and best of all a monstrous, , chicken pie.?i Oh Mrs. Editor if you could :if onlyi have tasted, that pie, your .respect, them as beyond the reachof - Weir; u UiL comprehensidtii ; How pitiablo is their statclt Kot only are they without the blessings which flow from the Holy Spirit in this life,-bhereafter they can lay no claim to the; rewards which await' the righteous. Who would be a skeptic? Not 1; thank God, I know that my Redeemer liveth. I know I am ono of his flock, poor, weak and erring as I am. I know he can forgive and does; I know he can save and will. Never let it como from my lips that I am independent of his help and unsupported by his bounty. Rather let mo do now and pass into eternity half purified, than live to damn my souf with tho , curse of infidelityto turn from tho truth, like swine again to the mire, and deny the holy commandment delivered to me. No, let me live on in my holy faith, still hoping; still praying for an increase of tho Spirit, to guide me, in the paths of truth to show me; my duty and give me strength to perform It; that J, after-- a faithful, Hum- -' ble, useful life in tho service of God on earth, may mount tho steps which lead to the third estate and thence to a kingdom of glory in the celestial mansions above. May the Lord grant it to all of those who call themselves and who jive Latter-daSaints, in Jesus name. Amen. s . dejiroflReJIiejr torial in f 1 1 I have just returned from a mostenjdya'J ble affair, and thinking a few items ifclght interest you, I herewith send the 'same. Yoii must know the ''cause," and then you will understand the "effect." The Presll lhattibrraniarmy -- off" those fsconBnllo make lighrof sacred things, so high above i6 .. ' i and honest; heart. :My mother, you are ono of these, and Tea re more for your good Will : f Editor Exponent: onevnoser opinion I carq fjor, ,Tho true Sant can sympathize with such sentiments, for tljey swell in tho breast of. every true 4 CORRESPOKXXENCEia 7I ! ! ? Bloomington, Sept. 26th, 187.,. -- No, yf ' . tf fp aught that I known Butrfe was a dove, r' lw : l that-mann- ? 75 r "vt. Yours, s-.yd- ..; t- r.A -- 1:1. Az:LEAKlxqpLAKE.- -: Tho - theory that there are. subterranean connections' botweea tho numerous lakes in Central New York has been often advanced. For yours 'there has been more or less loss of water in the limestone- - sinks along the bed of the Ske--' ncateles outlet, below Long Bridge and the i Skencateles Iron Works. Hart Lot Taper-Milhas been: unable to run steadily on' ac- -' : -- l count of (failure of water;- - a recent scientific :, examination shows that at least of the volume of water is swallowed up In the vicinity of tho rolling-mil- l dam, where there is a large whiilepooI.--"-::;:;-'rone-third- : ? J 