WO MAN' 170 R. &,REPORTS. r S EXPO NEN T. orio Savior, and; work for one purpose, -eZion; stablishing-of -Lv. The General Retrenchment meetings "in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms grow moro and more Interesting, and it is observable thartheihTor geiieiuareliast-gainin- g knowledge and understanding of spiritual gifts, blessings and attainments. The meeting 6nSatuaday, March 17, was crowded to overflowing; :tho Spirit of God seemed poured out inxich abundance. The sisters who addressed the meeting dwelt among wririienr Ambng the speakers were President "MrsvM. I. Home, Counselors "Miss E. R. Snow, Mrs, E, Howard, and Mrs. B. Smith. Mrs. E. S, Barney and many injtri .congregation; whol)oro faithful " testimonies of the , ' -- Mrs. ; , iOTorno addressed the duties ; and obligations of mothers which rested upon them in caring for their families, spoke upon the preservation of health and tho care of children ; of homo industries, and of sustaining home .resources when Babylon shbuld'fall. Coun- Bclor Mrfi.' B W Smith' spoke upon the subapprPpriatd to tho" timesj and: exhortjects ed ;tho Ulsters to greater diligence. Mrs .,E the Barney) Bppkej about planting ;oqt: 61 inulberry trees, the home . i manufactures: etiMatthews A Co. Mrs. M. IfWatmotiglViMrsi Wj East; and others uspoke. ?very earnestly and. impressively- - on work. the,! principles r.of the: Latter-da- y BLIi Wells: read apaTagraphifrom the I;'Mrs.!E. 0 Book:of Doctrines and Covenants expressed herself in regard to some particular points of thot.Qospel:as understood and practised salpts; allndcd tb the great work be- bytho fri H6B6by he!tWomenaof"Utah, under ihe several ornlzaUons'which exist. : -- silk-cultur- e, . - 1 :u : ' ' ' OgdenV March 21st, 1877. iEraiaExPoxEln,r m si''-- ' lt ;10ur Annual ; , sWuld avo.been held ,Dec. 16, ,1876, jwas postponed until f arch 1 3, to wing ,'iof sickness paused 'by! the Small pox, which ' malij p many iajandusorrowful hearts, and ty, w&icH f itfusttto io place a learned greater reliance 'upon lour ;Bay.; nnfy flyhq 'ijoetb ; all things well," and niay .wf astter-da- y Saints ever bo read andwiUinto put purrunt in God. . touf meeting of March 13th,, we were ' much pleased and gratified with the pleas-- v - 3 ure- otluiving - Snow and Mrs. M. EUza'.Bj us. Meeting wa3 con- iina liV Young, with ducted by Presidents Mrs. Jane 8. Richards. Tho Secretary read tho minntes and finan. cial report of the society-Mi- ss E. R. Snow spoke in her usual g us manner, Showing jihat ibelrig of tKo :blood f. Abtananiy we Were lawful ?lielrs"fdall the blessings: promised to his caed; that wo had ' ben gathered out from unas-sumin- : ? -- whar would i it profit us vit wo:dld notBvaup- towhat .wo j had received, as wo'wero5 to'ubo Judged: by. our Hthd :world::!biit- - - t'wbrki. Hho Epokd of the toaahy r duties and ,Ibborafof the Bisters and 'exhorted ua to be a uJ,. I trneand'iaithiaL'i- - Mrs. js thlng3 ZJ Bho was there :D.ouhgild of ; "her were two proud religion and ' her sisters," and warned us. against a faulsho wo eaid tfinding spirit; havb"onorGod, -- - Ephraim had a visit from Bro. V (j Young, and his kinsman, John Young Junl son of John Young Sen. deceased) also Elderg James Vorks of Ianti,-andJ- le ubenAlred of Spring City. A meeting was held at the sisters Hall at two o'clock, p. m',when Bro. W, G. Young addressed the assembly and gave many valuable Instructions both to young and old. ' He particularly cautioned the young sisters against going away from home, said they had much better stay at home and wear home-spu- n and wooden shoes. Counseled the brethren of whom a number were present, to be ener getic in giving to their dwellings a more home-lik- e appearance. He dwelt earnestly upon teaching children to jspeak the truth at all times. Bro. Works also addressed the meeting, spoke in a very interesting and instructive manner, both of the past and of Frodsii am, Sec'y. Paris, Bear Lake Editors Exponent: Co., Feb. 18, 1877. I am happy to say that our Relief Society -- jsarrtsT sis- - InUtuUonsthat thejainis might iiave some :" A. M. : ' -- 'i thHatureBrehw closing remarks, bore testimony that the sisters ad been a great help to the Bishops; also of their willingness in responding to the calls made upon them at all times. At the close of the meeting,; Sister Petersen, our President, called for U vote of spirit prevails both in it, and also among tho people in general; there is a great im- prdvement here among the young. The Young- Ladies' Retrenchment AssX3iation is exceedingly prosperous, they hold their - meetings once in two weeks, and manifest aid and assist iildeepj in obeying the counsel of those "that "are placed to preside over them. Our Young Men's MutuaMmprovement Association is L also doing well, and a spirit of improve- ment prevails among the rising generation. The winter has been very mild with but very little snow, but we have had considerable1 sickness mostly ainong the children, t but with good cafe and the skillful" treat- ment of Mrs. Emellne Rich and1 others, and - the faith and prayers of tho faithful but few have died. Our Society takes deep interest in saving up grain, we think it a subject of vital importancerand althbugli we liye in a climate that is subject to early' frosts and from many have to buy settle-merits, year to year and bring it from other ai we feel' determination to do 'yet - what we can to obey the voice of the good shepherd,' knowing that the Lord will not command His people to do anything that they cannot perfdrm. It is through pbedi- 'ence we realize the' greatest blP'ssings. i:Let us bo Wise arid do all that is required of lis, that we tiiay be prepared for every coming event, for we" know that the nations of the earth are ripening for destruction, and the time is near at hand when God Will pour - out His judgments upon them with famine ; and iestilenae. Not only do we hear of war ' in foreign lands, but also in our boasted land of liberty they are divided, and the time ishear at hand when he that will riot take up' his sword against his neighbor must needs flee1 io Zion for safety Then let us be wise and prepared for these things, that may be counted wise steward1 and be " found with' Pit in our lamps arid numbered : among the wise virgins. The Exponent is read with 'deep interest,' arid is a great advantage to us :in this thanks to be given to the brethren, which inetwiJIhalheartyesponsa frdrivall;--- With best wishes for your happiness and the success of the Exponent, I am you -- : sister, Respectfully, - - isolated place; hnd.dUh:pughYwo'cdnhrfia;V6 the society of our sisters that are visiting the different settlements, yet wo feel tne in. fluence of their goodl counsel through ' the Exponent,- - but: we live in hopoa - whnn. spring dawns upon us wo shall be favored with a visit from soriie of our worthy sis. tera from Salt Lake,,.., Praying for your success in the good : work In which. you aro .engaged I remain Jn the Gospel of peace. ll.;?I?r-7,0Li?te?r -- i -- - -- - Sanpete Fayette, ' Pres't. R. a Sec'y. Co., March 21, 1877. Editor Exponent: : , . I send you a brief report of our Society which was organized Sept. Relief 12," 1875 and Elder by President John Bartholomew, s.: fbllows:-Mras John Metcalf, Jane A. Brown, president; Mrs. Eliza 'R. Bartholomew, and Mrs. Polly Bartholomew coun. selors; Mrs. Charlotle E. Miller, Secretary; Mrs. Emma Bartholomew, Assistant' Sec'y.; Mrs. Amy Miller, Treasurer. There are members in the society and we meet every first Thursday in the month to give in our reports alsiij to receive counsel twenty-on- e ' and instruction! iiVe also: have our sewing meetings which are well attcuded. and the spirit Of God prevails in bur1 .irtidst. We have riot much means at bur command; but still are in a prosperous coriditiorij fthe Lord blesses us in all our uriderfcikirig to 'erye Him: He also blesses us with health and strength, and willing heart11 4o perform ; that is required of us. ' ;4' We feel that the storing up of grairi'is of the Lord, we have on hand quite a quantity and will add to it as fast as we cant By the courtesy of our ' President John ; Bartliolo-'mew- , our wheat is stored in'h'is granary'till ' wo can get one buiitr for our 'ovri' ose. There Is a good rock meeting house1 'in this place for which we, (tho ll'.V'te;jhave made , ' &11 ; ; ; mfltt find itrrft ' Ttt vileA 'nn'rphjised 'ft "stove anaythlTIndo beloved jsistersj that wefcarr rilways ;fijd -- :introac-insomething to--- do; I contemplate ; 'l :' -- "i tho silk culture. Last January on 'the Williaf?3 and Madsen paid us ' a visit which w? a real feast to us; our desirb 'ever since then has been for the sisters who have a; lar&e Experience to visit irisJwMri?ifte?J?' make it convenient. our sisters in the Gospel. ' - Jane1 A:; BRotfNvPres'k, ; g ' '' : 22di-Sister- s ; " i- - ; ' . f ! Z:-'-'-7;-- Agnes S. Armstrong, -- thoir-breadstuf- - -: On tho 19th of March the good people of ds " hitneyjangj a; Song of Zion, and gladdened every heart In the assembly. On Saturday, March 3.1, the General MeQtingAWi not; Quito so. full as usnal, TOm terruponthief jrS.-Richar- - J& iSfl itszrz zPixx i prayed our memories might be strengthened that we might be able to retain the good instructions we had received and profit by them. JMany of the.sisters' bore their, testimony to the Gospel work, and the spirit of God waVin our midstand all felt blessed. The good instructions cheered every heart. In the evening we had a parlor entertainment which was largely! attended, and I trust i that Miss Snow and Mrs. Young were as pleased with their visit as we were. Our President Mrs. J. S. Richards has 'gone to St. George to attend Conference. TxMrs Jn: " Editor Exponent: tho - Aiy MilxerP Treasurer; 