i f . frOU AN'S E X P O NE N T . 02 3 l! THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. We give The Amateur a cordial greeting and feel that it has a wide field of labor before it, in which" to sew good seed of which the reward may be a rich harvest for Israel. On Tuesday, Jhe Ogden Taber-nacle, a Quarterly Meeting of the, Weber Co. Relief Society,: waaheld, appointed at the of President Brigham Young in July last. A statistical report of the finances of the Society was read dating back to the organization of each separate branch of the Society in that county. The condition of eachi Society in all special respects was also' reported in writing. These reports in the' aggregate, amount to vast sums that have been gathered in various waysjind disbursed to many benevo- These are the words that we hear echoed from one to another of the fair sex? among those who are' the good and true mothers and wives. And another class are too much led by frivolity and love of dress; callous to everything but their own foolish pride and vanity. Men flatter them, and they feast upon it, until some day theret comes a terrible a wak-- , ening. But these assertions do not apply to all; there are many noble exceptions. Women who are willing to brave the storms, and stand fast for principle, though public opinion is against them, sacrificing the finest feelings, and even allowing themselves to be deprecated by persons whose esteem they would fain retain yet knowing there are great questions at issue, at all hazards they lend their utmost aid, leaving the consequences to time, or to "One who sees not as man Eees." The women of this Ter- fortable." Latter-day-Saint- , 'i "' dftr. KMMLELJ X J3 B. HTXLS, X Tabllehed .it in Salt Lake City, Utah. semi-monthl- y, TermsrOac copy oneyear, t2.00oneeopy six months,-1.00- . Ten Copies for the price of nine. AdyertlBlng rates: .Each aqua re, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 12.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to 7 regular adTertisers. Exponent .Office, corner of South Temple, and First East sheets, opposite Eagle Q ate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday.' ' Address aU business communications to - . , Publisher Womah'b Exponknt, Salt Lake City, Utah. . SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. 15, 1877. WOMEN. IN REFORM. .1 - Everywhere people are crying out for reform. Reform inPall circles, in all parties, is declared positively necessary. The best methods for bringing about this change of almost all classes, of society, and in nearly all countries is being discussed in public' and in private, in writing and in speaking. It is the theme of men and of women. They see the great need but they do not yet find a specific remedy that oan be made practicable,' or adapted to the exigencies of the caso. Great men and wise men counsel together, and discuss plans and lay down rules and regulations, adopt measures, pass laws, and still the world grows rapidly worse. Have thoy forgotten the Scripture that pays positively that "the eup of iniquity shall; be full and running over." Yet there shall bo a people raised up, who witl work righteousness in the earth, a chosen people, but these are so few that they are only spoken of as a remnant. The law which governs them is to "be the law of God. These are they who are to build up Zion and redeem the nation. In that day I'men shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall increase.". Is not this the case? Can anything be plainer than that these things are being fulfilled? There are many honest hearted and sincere who' desire to see a better state of things and they are seeking to adopt some wise methods for the cleansing and purifying of society. Many have entered into the work believing they had a remedy that would apply and have been disappointed. Some of the truest hearted and of the soundest judgment haveseen the necessity of woman's help, of woman's voice, of woman's nice discrimination on the gravest subjects, while others cry out against her stepping out of her sphere. Woman is quicker in intuition most men are willing to admit Yet they would have her sit still by her own fireside, while her children and the children of her neighbors are fast wending their way to destruction; morally and spiritually and physically becoming corrupted. She must sit patiently by and .wait for men to correct these growing evils, and scarcely venture an opinion lest she should lose caste. In addition to this she must bear the blame of not having instilled into, the minds of her children good principles while they were young, or of some lack, of discretion on her part at an earlier date still; but the father is guiltless, in common parlance, and yet she must not defend herself in any way unless she can do It at "home "In her womanly sphere' which men declare Is quite broad enough for her to work are those who are willin. How ing to be thus deprived of the blessing of freeman and woman dom that God has given-talike. I,do not want to vote, I do not want anything to do outside of keeping home com , - it- '- , . short-sight- ed o " Oct.jn T aug-gesti- , in its various lent purposes. And branches still holds in trust means invested in the-Socie- ritory have many privileges. Tbey have the right of Suffrage. Do they appreciate it as they ought? They have many avenues through which good may be accomplished, if they can bo made to realize it. The Lord will hold the sisters responsible for opportunities lost, for has He not said "where much is given much will be required?'' The women of Utah have some blessings, social arid political, as well as religious, which the world at large do not enjoy. If the sisters will sustain, and maintain the in. etitutions, .and enterprises that are even now open to them, it will not be long before some of the wise women of the world, will be able to discern "the better part," and will be willing to receive knowledge of the laws of life, and measures for reform, from those whom they now despise and deem ignorant The Lord is dealing with the nations, and there are among them women of such fine Intuition that they comprehend that some steps must be takenj yet great men, statesmen, dipIomatists,and men versed in law, and in the science of life, moral, physical and social, stand upon the brink Of a precipice, nd' while woman reaches ont her hand to avert the threatening danger they in their greatness, their boasted chivalry, refuse the help, because, forsooth, 'tis offered by woman. Gentlemen, consider well this momen. tous question of suffrage only let the trial be made have respect to the mothers, wives and sisters who are now entreating and interceding that they may; help you In the great cause of universal reform. ty different enterprises, property, etc., such as has been deemed proper and practicable. This meeting appointed by, President Young, seems to be a precedent for other branches of the Relief Society to follow. There is a system about it and correctness such as should exist in transacting all business whether for benevolent pur poses or any other. Every person- - knows that if the poor are helped; or the sick taken care of it all requires funds, and whether it is money or means of another kind, it is nevertheless tangible, it is not a myth. And a record has been kept of all means donated, in the order of the Relief Society. Men have been a little anxious in times past whether women would make wise, use of means at their disposal, but we think these meetings, where- such perfect accounts are publicly read would dispel the doubts of those who are troubled on these points. The weather was inauspicious on that day, but the meeting was one of great interest and we. trust there may be many similar meet ings held throughout the Territory, that the most thorough understanding may exist on all matters relating to the building up of the kingdom of God. The remarks made on that occasion by the sisters were full of wisdom and rich with inspiration; and the words of blessing and encouragement which fell from the lips of Apostle Richards at that meeting Were "like apples of gold In pictures of silver." Some other items of tlds report will be given in our next. - . 4 . HOME AFFAIRS. s.- ' Under the auspices of the Young Ladies Association at Farmington the people Of that place had a most enjoyable time on Thursday evening Nov. 8. The young gentlemen and ladies met together on this occasion, and by Invitation the Bishop and Counselors and many of the elder brethren' and sisters. Prof. Daynes was invited and ivent op from Salt Lake City to preside at the organ; the music was exceedingly fine. Miss E. R. Snow and Mrs. E. B. Wells were also present byinvitation. Mrs. Lucy Clark, President of the young ladies presided with ease and dignity. After the usual ' opening exercises; the Secretary of the Young Ladies, Miss Louise Stayner read the minutes of a previous meeting, and also the annual report These minutes were so nicely; ; - Mbs. Romania B. Pratt, M. D., continues ? her Interesting and instructive free lectures to the Ladies' Medical Class, every Friday, afternoon, as usual, at this office. Also Mrs. Ellen B. Ferguson, M. D., gives free lectures at the , same place, Saturday afternoon every second .week, at three o'clock. All ladies desirous of obtaining knowledge of the Taws of life, and how to preserve their health j and rear children how to determine' in r cases I of illness, should improve these opportunities and not fail in - punctuality; We have received tho flrst number of "The Amateur," edited by. Joseph A. West, under the auspices of the Y. M." M.' I. A." of Ogden City. Its motto "Knowledge Is power, "Union is strength." Of course r this is experimental, but we feel sure The Amateur will be successful in its mission. We heartily rejoice in every new avenue of this sort, which opens for improvement among the young people. We trust It will be widely circulated, andso well it may increase in size and become as popular as any of the publications of the sup-ported,t- hat -- . unAoiallv interest- , had ing. ..The repwt showed that the Society raised means for the Temple during tneye this in amounting to, $4$ 15, the greater part of ' . five cent donations.- A programme had: been arranged for First was the singing of the Sunday enSchool Choir, this" was followed by a Bong titled "An address to the Young Ladies? com posed by the President Mrs. L. Clark: purpos; E. and ly for the occasion, and sung by Joseph Pror. Dora Robinson, organ accompaniment by ; "t i J : the-evening- , ' - --- -- on 