t SALT LAKE CITY; UTAH, APRIL ,1, 1877.: Vol. 5. with a number of sttangerSj'Isiting the TO BEREAVED MOTHERS. In Rama there was heard a voice'of ffrtef : Rachel bemoaned her sad and lonely lot; Would not be comforted nor find relief, Her children slain fine wept that they were not. A wailiuif volgo is heard in Deseret, The babes are stricken and the mothers mourn; Their hearts are pained, their cheeks and eyes are wet f For those wbo're not, which they have fondly borne. Oh sisters! comfort ye! We've but to wait, Though for a season life seems 'reft of charms; We know fair cherub forms at the bright gate, Will welcome us with loving, clinging arms. ; We'll clasp them to our hearts to part no more, We'll find the same sweet lips and pure soft breath, The same dear eyes God will in love restore, And In that Heavenly home there Is no death. We'll hear again their infant voices speak, In the glad sily'ry tones we loved so much, And feel again on forehead, lip and cheek, How long ob Lord! how long! But hush poor heart! Thou would'st not question Him whose power sublime -- Hath fashioned, formed and madettbce what thou art! Thou must abide His will and wait His time. And while you wait the noble lesson learn Of patience duly "tried and perfect, trust; 'Though oft with hunger fwre ywiwildirarn, Remember still that Ood U wise and just. -Oh Gospel Lightl most holy andlsefene! """' How shall they stand who know not thy fair truths! How thy blest presence cheers death's solemn scene, How thy glad rounds the wounded spirit sooths! How should we these strange trying tests endure, Had we no higher claim than words ol men?, Did we not feel Our Father's promise sure, That we shall have our darling back again. ; i " Thank God we may confess nis mighty band In all the trials He directs us through, Since He hath given us grace to understand r. Ills holy covenants, forever new! ... .;-'if.;. . Sublimest Faith! Most sacred gift of God! Shall they who know thee fail or deem thee false? Shall frail, weakjwoman sink beneath the rod, Which chastening, purifies, upholds, exalts? , . . What though wo weep! God gavo us tears to shod, When hearts o'er burdened burst from calm control; oo a uicsseu oarwri neari was xorn ana niea, He wept and groaned In anguish of His souL . 4 . ; In His dear name, for strength and grace wM call Nor deem the crosses we must bear too great; The prize. He offers Is sufficient all . Oh comfort ye! my slfitcr we can wait! Let worldlings laugh our patient hopes' to scorn, Wfe'll not condemn; the Father Judges best; . We ownlHis power and while we truly mourn, "nejbice as trulj iu'hls promised . ... ; rest.; lt ft me these hufcble, sacred tributes weave, . r O'er little ones so loved, so early yono! , It comforts mine, and other hearts that gricvej May gather courage as they struggle on' : "'" LULA. n 1 a -- letter published in the Woman's Journal," of Boston, the writer "hasr made a grievous mistake in representing the Mormon ladies. She says"none' but a few of the ignorant sustainthe doctrine of Plural Marriage; the more intelligent class, and especially the young ladies, would be glad oce it auoiisnea.'i. As I In S.I. City over twenIn- - '' have-reside- d ty, earsanaaYoVWen-ejctensively-ac--quainte- d with all classes1 believe it is my to. correct such a mistake, when I see duty H published to the world.r I have conversed mm ' iali to the ground of ;itseiflet it alone. The Saviour said a good tree is known ' by its fruits.' My testimony is that for truth, integrity and . virtue the Mormon people are not excelled by any people' on the earth, city, who have expressed thejr7 surprise to find so much intelligence among the women who sustain this principle practically; the writer of the letter to which I allude is included among that number, and still retains and we call upon honorable men and women living among usrwho are not of bur faith, to be our witnesses. If this AU tuti1 true, ' why are they here? If wb aro ignbrant, and practice degradation and crjmerwhy do our enemies come and make their homes among us? There is a large i amount "of room in the world, and wo only occupy the Great American 'Desert. I'nevbr know; .a ' people that honored thir constitutional rights more than the Mormons."' if a Methodist comes1 among us and; shouts; no 'one says why do you worship in that wayi If the Quaker conies and shakes, no true saint asks, why do you shake? The Catholics come and rerthelr-lbf- t ...quiring their converts to pay penancethe Mormon goes taWfl own church, minds bis own business,- - does not even ask, why do you pay penance to the Priest? Fok he, has already learned as much as the little boy who asked Ida father who lie paid penance to? the father replied, fTo the 'pries tay son;" But who jdoes ;the feriest go td?" "To God," was thie reply; "Welli" said1 the boy, "I will go to1 God, and keep mj shilln ing to buy me a Bible." her husband's name, though so strongly, and widely proclaiming against the princi- : ple. These matrimonial alliances sanctioned by the first wife, prove that all parties are involved in solving this wonderful problem; which it would not take a Philadelphia lawyer more than six weeks to do, provided theological evidence would be received as testimony. . And to those who are infidel to the evidence of inspired writers we would say, we have the physiological proofs, to sustain bur 'theory and the laws of nature, which .should govern the regeneration of man. And there are thou- sands who haye recei ved 'for themselves a knowledge of the truth of the principles revealed by Joseph Smith the martyred Prophet, and they fear not to meet the opposition of a frowning world, realizing that God is the Author ot revealed religion,; and it is. His right to organize the plan by which the inhabitants ot' the earth can bo redeemed; and He has manifestedr:His : power g men and women who have and will of all carry out His plans at the sacrifice ' J , byTn-spirin- honors. eartiily Qxz little , . 4 Exponent,' though In its i fancy, we are proud to say is the represent- ative of truth, and is the Exponent: of the principles advocated by the Mormon women: and we recommend its moral teach- ings and divine instructions to all who read its pages, as truthful and elevating. This reminds us of the thousands and millions of dollars appropriated for the publication of literature that Is worse than ' nonsense,- - filling the minds of the , rising generation with fables and errors, that will require years to eradicate. But this is in keeping with the age in which we live. The world of mankind has almost become a swindle, and a counterfeit, politically and religiously As with the politician, so with the priest they all work for money, and not for the interest of the people confidence rilost, and the light Of: truth, that onco beamed upon the patriots of former days, is being withdrawn in consequence of the wickedness and fraud that have been practised vupon a people who would delight '' " to honor their constitutional rights.' Seeing we have digressed a iittlb from our subject, we will ,rtarn by saying we think It' is muchl better, to rspresent , 7 , be MisBEPRESENTmby tnto we and intend, to let those ladie3 who ers, t to misrepresen us to the wotld krow, that witti the help of God, in whom wo trust, we intend to - represent oursel vesf and, leave those in the Hands of God who seek to fight against; Him. , ,Wa know the wonderful problem being solved ; by tho Mormon people is the greatest mystery of ;the pres-ent age but it only requires time 107801 ye itself. " If it be of God who jean fight against 13 He who:has "revealed it, an itrit tallied it;' it was beyond the power: pf;raanv to do what has' been Already done, theq.wby ugflt against nr 11 it is not or uoa it will ( , -- ; - v '' - B. s. Reports. y Editor iExpONENi:; , ; : The First of 'this .of Clark'eton 'Ifojd tn jiiiv tt rt?q nth'the Belief 'Sie-t-y their Annual Meet-ing- y and a report of the jKist yearns doings " Avas read, :whichL ;. showed that .he, pporpliad been cared fo'f ; We rhavepaid nlnedollars cents to the Sunday lchool, and 8eventy-fiv- q dollars to the Salt Lake; Temple, tw'enty-bn- e dollars "for 7 share in the Wooltwenty-fiv- e en Factory eing builf in Logan; we have about ibrty dbllarajnshares in the Co-o-p Store, .we have also a small sheep herd, and wo have cbmmenced to save a little wheat, we have about thirty bushels In tho bin, and expect to get some, more. .Our setUement is but the sisterseel willing to"assist - in small;, building ; up the :.kjagdbmjx)f Goct .Our worthy ishbp,' BrOj John Sardine,'. ;int with us and gave us." some yaluabje instruc-tlohsr . 4 L, certainly Is the right He pan in; the brethren btheK number of right'placen1 A , oth- Jiave Jjeen le& March 20,, 1877. S. L. City, in- ;our-selye- s; E WILL ItEPEESEKT OUilSEbVES. i . - werg ; there. ITib peopl 0 bere. are'busy, get Ung tHetmaierials together to J.build a new to have.4, if' meeting: t buse;' Iwe. ; expect ' .'V, next falL.. 'r, :i by j .Union and a 'good spirit- - preyaiL The health of the pcoplois opdand wbi feel 'that ' th e blessin gs of God are wi tb ui ij The Exponents cbme,,yeryfegularlyi and the sisters are anxioua ib read' them at all timeji tbdt'we may.bo. found faithf ! "to - Hbping; fiistersf in tho Goa the tmdrwo remalnryour x. .,. " " .'. ;.:;.'r " pel, in-.ish- ed " - , ' -" ., - -- " ,t-.- i V: t , . r President,' ; 3t ary Gritfin, ' " C.i iuf . l-- 'r 