'''l. . ' ' Tell Congreas, sir, that yonder sun Will nature's laws obey, And has, accordingly, befun To shed the solar ray. Announce to Congress that the moon Wlll yield obedience To Nature, arid will, therefore, soon Her honorei light dispense . Bay tpot the twinkling orbs of night ' ' Wlll'nofr Jn order move . ' 4 Thenceforth iheVlecorate wltb' light'' ' :' ' The galaly above. pointments. , . " 'J T i In Strictest ioyalty, ., ill fidelity. ' v a Let Congress know the Orbs above Haw all agreed to shine The , sedsons, in their course to move, - v ' ! Have formed a late designt- - ji Or else announce on fact instead, ' ; . Which- loog V1U be; deplored, head tThat wladooj to?ur Nations ,'f'Haa not jU,Vreln reatored." .?. - ": - A ;: Qgxst Where have the Conatttutipn and :1a ws reigned during the last two years but la Utah?. G. 8. L. City, Aug. . iForthe Exposisl. APTfiR LONG IEAKS. j : - USTTEE III. - Beautiful thoughts are oft awakened by some rude scene of Nature's decay, or.per-chanc- e some old sentiment is revived by listening ' to "a song of other days. " It strikes a sympathetic chord in the soul, and anon the harp once properly attuned r to the harmonies of life, but which has long jbeen hung upon the willows,, is inadvertently touched and for a moment sends forth its notes again-i- n a minor , key, corresponding to the inner music of the soul. It back the pleasures of the time when .brings all un- the future we reveled in the very luxury of innocence and mirth. When .our eyes opened to all .that was ) lovable around s d our hearts were Impulsively susceptible to tender emotions, when we drank first at the fountain of loveand be- ' Vi?Ions- Inuit? tone down of the enthusiasm of the younei a calmer and more pathetic feeling the placerbf the exuberance of fepirifstakes but yet there Is a subdued and cultivated Is still In keeping with the5 true elements of life Wehbuldhave for one another. H is well 4o judgecharity for how can one teU what anothercarefully, may have had to endure? We make but sorry Judges in our own weakness,-l-ife Is unlike in its Ptoes, and all hava their own peculiar ex- -' rhrch act.MPon them. According circumstances .and andHi condition of! the person mentally -- l '1 'ars senti-menth- at . Cfr - v - ? A8u-rroundlng- . i .aunt MISCELLANEOUS. There aro circumstances in lifo when speed is folly, and to be slow Is to bo almost insured to safety. Take friendship as nn example. How many of us aro apt to ; run headlong into thoso pleasant borids of affecg tion for and charming people, of whom in reality we know nothing, only to find that seeming and being 'are by no means Interchangeable terms, and that what we took to be" harmony with ourselves turns oat to bo.diseord instead! 'Man of leisure' is the polite term for a genteel drone. We call his ragged, pennid less with, unkempt hair and a unwashed face "loafer;" but as the former manifests some respect for tho decencies of life, and has the, wherewithal to pay his way instead of begging it, we dignify him well-seemin- - fellow-sluggar- , With the title of "man :of leisure." Morally, however, the twain are , There; is no" essential difference befellow-tribesme- n, . tween them,.tho only disparity - being in their pecuniary circumstances and methods ..of wasting time." i Both! are lazy; neither . fulfills the purpose for which he was created. Parent and Child. Charity is riot the only quality which begins at home. It is throwing1 away money to spend a thousand a year; on the teaching of three boys, if they are to 'return from school only to find the older members of their family intent on amusing themselves at any cost of time and t In ignoble trouble; or sacrificing efforts to struggle into a social grade above their own. 'The child will never place his aims high and pursue; them steadily unless the parent has taught hini what energy and elevation of purpose' mean, not less by Em. j IN NEW ZEALAND. At the presentation of the B. A. degree to Miss Edgar, at Auckland, on the 12th of August, the Bishop of Auckland said;-- I salute the oldest, and at the same time the youngest Bachelor of Arts Who is a lady, in New Zealand or the British Empire. I may say that I myself submitted.no higher intellectual test for other degrees than that which has' admitted to that degree. As to the value of the degree now conferred on Miss Edgar, I can testify that the chairman ; -- conscious of i. i ON Tread softly through the halls of olden time, List to the musio of the echoes there Beverberatlng solemn and sublime, Mellow'd in cadence yet in sweetness rare. ? ; 1 Ef'Ii. Sncw. i, 1858, - - - Nature's Constitution, bow With : , - recall to them some reminiscence: of their childhood, or mother, or homeland see if deep down; In the, recesses of their soul there Is not a treasured memory that wells up and finds vent, if not in words, In tears, or in a stifled sob. Many are the precious -golden links that bind our hearts to the friends and scenes of other days; simple things In themselves, yet... magnetic in charm, and. powerful in their hold upon memory.; A loek of hair, carefully laid away, a letter' faded and worn, these and a thousand other tender mementoes are' of t--. times' the choicest treasures of men and women of the rjilghest type of character, men and women i who possess affection ot the loftiest tone and sublimity. that the Seasons new, elV Congress" , pointment; in. the Canterbury Ladies' College," withTah emolument of 300 a year. "The New Zealand Queenslarider.,V ? : . s ' : world for admission to a B. A. degree; such Edgar has obtained. Miss Edgar has already received an ap- a degree as Miss t There Js scarcely a human heart so hard .that it cannot bo softened by Pome remembrance of the. past, Those, who after years wasted In; dissipation and folly, care nothing: for the, future, have no hopes, 'no trust, no faith, are seldom oblivious of the past; ... 1.1 , physically, and perhaps spiritually. In looking around,br in considering our friends, we find .much thought for reflection;. aside from differences in character and temperament, thtxo are incid ents in certain lives which render persons perhaps gloomy, morose, irritable and disagreeable. In many instances all these are, or may be the result of jsad" experiences uud uitter disap- iTni BKIGIf OF; Till C053XI1UT10S AKD LiWS HAS' ; bust bjcstobxd" (ik utah.) James Buchakan's JIbssagk to Cohqbess. : RESPONSE . JT -. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1, 1877. ?V0L.' 6. ! ll self-respec- ex-amp- le than by precept has said nothing more than is literally:trw 7 Ayhen he said it was quite aa good, and in, some respects raofe valuat)ler'than an or- -' dihary , B." A. degree conferred by Cam- .time. There are ' bridge; certainly Inmy matters In; connection IwlthVls many Z Ject, bnTwhlch; this' wmmuniy rrlght 1)0 "Z'. , r FLORAL HINTS. , . , " : Preservinq Flowers, Etc. flowers and-leav- es may -- bo Many beautifully pre- -' served by covering them In every part with ..melted .sperm.- - Tho : best-wa- y cbngrajulad JThedr is r to cut a ' . this degree is the triumph of a great'princi-plecandle Into'pieces arid melt it in an old sau-;'cLadies , have .sought to', be admitted ' bri the back. of the range it must not ,to degrees at'Edlnburgh, if not at other uni-i- : be hot enough 'snioke; First dip in the : Versities.and have been refused. , 8tems, the sperm vill ; harden almdst at : The Bev. B. Bfiico, as a member of the .' once, s.0 that the stom may be Jield while Senate of New Zealand University,', said; Immersing the flower or blade of the leaf. As to the value of the degree itself, I may j Dip but once and that'The prb-- ; 4ell you that whit has already :Ibeen said of t cess is too severe . for. delquickly! icato - petals, melt. this degree does not distinctly point out the ing them as. It ' wero together,: of others Very high character of It as, an academ leal - heat will change tho colors; . Variegated ; standard.' If Is cusCo'miry to estimate the ; leaves, such as thoso jof 'ther Pelargoniums, ' ' value these of d things by comparison., Now, f fancy-leaveMaples, Ivies and Caladiums the standard cf examination in somo Scotch will perhaps , give the best satisfaction. ' Universities Is, of 'Jhan"When that . evenhigher arranged Into bouquets or wreaths ' Cambridge. " The standard of the'Univer- , they are less liable to' curl If protected by ity otyictorla was, until lately, the'high. fa glass globe, like those used for wax flow- est, but the, standard of "the University of crs; still, if: not so "protected, with a little Is even higher than that of ;,New Zealand, J cJro in a coolish atmosphere "they will re--, Victoria.. ' It la' now. the highest in tho T lain their form arid colors for months. ; er . . - . j . i , , - " ; - - ; I ' . ; ; 