182 Provo. CORRESPONDENCE. Paradise, Cache Editor Exponent : Co., Apr. 8, 1877.- "' 1 ; 'v! Editor Epxonent; ; ' . : tlcment of Iroa.County with Prest. George Arf$mith8 Company iml852; afterJielpin to. establish tho new settlement there, they removed to Provo where she resided filling the position, of first CQunselortohe Presi- dent of tho Relief Societyof the Second Ward until her death, which occurred March 2Gth -- $?J6mJnd -- , .'. Lydia . B, . Remington, Prcst.R. Society. Tooele, Tooelk Co., Marches, Editors Exponent; t putting in the grain and As spring-hascome- -w will bless us with an abundant harvest, so that we can fill our bins for a future day. Brother Micklejohn has kindly given us the use or ono of his wheat bins, until we can get one of our own. The sisters havo nobly and liberally donated; we have at present, over one hundred bushels of wheat, and with tho help of our Heavenly Father, we will still keep storing it up for a day to come; and we leel that through Ills blseslngs upon our labors the coming season, we will bo able to more than double the amount that wo now have on hand, t Wo . held a silk meeting on the 10th of tho month, toUko into consideration the plant- - . ing out of mulberry trees, and to encourage the culture of silk for we know that it will lay tho foundation for a good work in the future, and we know that it is our duly to do all that lays In our power to help, '" ' build up the kingdom. I know that this Is the true church and kingdom of God? and that it will neyere thrown down or given to another people; will stand : foro ver. - It- - cam- e- not- - from -man nor from tho will of man, but from God our eternal Father, it is His cause and His work and wo must not think that the name of a saint is going to save us, for we V will all bo judged by the deeds done in the: body. When I think of this it causes my heartto rejoice and fills me with gratitude to my Heavenly Father; 'and: I pray that wo may bo kept faithful to tho end of our u days. :,: Success to tho "Exponent and to all good ; , : ' if ! . : . , -- v enterprises. ;i . ' - ' Vr-- .. - . A M. Tate. ment, and of obedience. She also made on the Woman's Book how in the press, which was written by. the man who wrote the "Life of Brigham Young j'Mhoped the sisters would patronize it Spoke to the youn boys 0n temperance, exhorting them to abstain from tobacco arid liquor, and to aim higbcultivate their minds,- - and if they would remain faithful could attain to greater excellence and power eventually than Queen Victoria children. She represented the advantages' arising to the : young . girls from tho Organizations,., and that all phould endeavor to carry out the counsel of ' some-remar- ks lejitresUngjja band's sou, there were many wakeful ears, upon which the noise ef the wheels of the hearse fell with, rapurnful sound, and many tears fell a( the sad and dreary parting yffih one so "esteemed and worthy of the love of thos her friends. who mourned her loss, but yet comforted with tho.knowledge that tho Father of all, will not overlk this our sisC ter when he make- - up His jewels, but. will recompense her for ail her self sacrifice ami j - r toil during her probation hers. Deceased leaves four children to mourn . rr;lhe:sernU-o:Mrs. Jane S. Richards said she her loss, one, William Jf. Whipple", is assist-- ; always had 1 a testimony to : bear, and if we lived " ing in the settlement of Arizona. up to thK iis we would always Respectfully, principle taught : J vl M. Wride, Sec. havd somethlnjf gbHl to say; " She thought Second Ward R. S. outside of the' Gospel there was no pleasure. t Sp)k upon laith in cases of sickness, and The City authorities with their board said 1he Saints sbQuld never Ibe without of health', togother with our city Marshal, corisocrated oil; told them not toun after J.' W. Turner, are' entitled to the thanks doctors, but to exercise their faith; spoke and commendations" of our citizens for their of tho good things that had been said durprompt and decisive action in keeping the ing the day, and added that if we could disease from spreading further among our r only remember them we would be more apt community.?' , to do OUT duty. ; r M !;: Mrs., then of Young the Woman's spoke KANosn,' Millard Co.. Jl - J Commission Store in Salt Lake City, said ' the home industry was represented there; Editor Exponent; v invited jhe sisters to visit it, it was our On the 20th of last month we were visit- of Zion's store and hoped r cd by some of the sisters who were on their the sisters would help th&President of the way to St. George, and we had a very in- Kanosh Relief Society. .s . , teresting meeting, which was open to all, Mrs. Marian Pralt: made a few very inand there was a good attendance. remarks in conclusion. teresting Tho meeting was called to order by the We had a splendid time arid a good spirit President, Mr-j- . Adelia Kimball, and after ' prevailed. Our Society is improving and the usual exercises Mrs. Zina D. Young ad-- d all thesisters seem anxious to do their duty resscd - tho assembly j - shb - fepoko - of - th o " With rs regard to tho"Grarn MovFmcntrthe---sisteRelief Society Organization in Nauvoo; have, truly done what they could; gave is the order of its arrangement and those who had no wheat put in molasses said that it was organized for tho benefit of corn and and .flour and peachesand some tho poor, and those that required aid. Said' has already been exchanged for wheat. By the Relief Societies should at all times be this means weiiope to get in a considerable willing to administer to the wants of fhase amount of grain. We are; always pleased . who were suffering and comfort required to read so many good report in the Exro-- . and sympathy, but be sure that sympathy was given in the proper way. Be sure and ; nent, ani especially with regard to . the . Grafn Movement ; Tho sisters Jn, the Ber have, the Spirit of God at all times, and. icf .Societies have really 'manifested an then counsel would be riven wi?plvT V.ns zealf which does them great credit treated the sisters to refrain irom spoaking .havn quite an early spring in this )Xe cvufui eacn oiner, to be careful how they bf 1 J areTvery vbuflyf ' Move- - Be-trenchme- ' we hope the Lord ' interest In rit. Spoke on the Grain . 1877 - assisting to start this branch of home industry; and thought the sisters should take an , , s, self-sustainin-g, al . the out- -' f T - ns nbthing-o- her-sister- las, together, with consequent nervous excitement' in 5alteri her: husband's son illness?" Sister WhipHeber, through his ono was Tieroines tho of of the small afple fairs of life," wh"6' pass 'unnoticed; but the , selt sacrifice and devotion to' d u ty, made her truly beloved and respected hy all who were acquainted with? her virtues, her death under the attending circumstances of the infectious disease, precluded the paying of respect by the usual gathering for f uner-but on the night appointed services, for the removal of her remains to their sUr and 'they kne,w ' side World, if they ;d(l,, they would not suffer themseives 1o talk against it.' Spoke of tho necessity of becoming78elf-sustainin every ing,: and en treated auu way pusaiuiy iu susiaiu iiiauuiacmro all the'silk-cultu- re to could. In they regard ; itjvas nowJime4ixpianLout thQcuttingax)f mulberries; showed1 some silk specimens produced In the ndrth. Spoke of the pure-nes- s of our silk in compaaison to that in- lermixeu wnn omer trasn, which wai manufactured abroad. Said we all had the art and capacity to make ourselves and a: source7 of wealth to other countries; hoped the people would take an interest in the silk culture; poke of the JoJEdmnJMpp : , , flion of, -- so thoin-instruetlo- - - e .which was ray lossIfully endorse given, and shall endeavor to carry them out to the best of ray ability, ns 8opn as circumstances will permit. l Ever praying for the welfare, of Zion, I remain 'your sister in the gospeV T ' She 'spoke of kindness and forgiveness. the Exponent and hoped the sisters" would encourage tho taking of it, as It was good, wholesome reading; Hoped the sisters would .not speak , against the principle of plural marriagef as thpse-i- n it could scarcely! realize 'the;., blessings, tey are in posses, It becomes my sad duty to acquaint your " -- ?: f; talk before their children, as .their, minds are young and; they remember the teachings of their mothers; id cultivate inspirit" of that-deat- -- JL-al- - 1877.; ".;. . has taken from our1 ranks readers one of the noblest women that have graced ' ourfeociety with their presence in - the deathiofi3IarylAfan(Yejer) Whipple ot this city? deceased was born Nov. 1, 1822, in Philadelphla'Penn., received the gospel June,M 844, in Philadelphia, emigrated to Utah in 1850, was married the same year Your valuable paper comes regularly to hand and is a most welcome visitor. For women I consider - it- - tho most useful and. interesting paper published, and think it should be in the household of every Latter-da- y Saint for tho wives, mothers arid daughters to read and profit by; and riiilo IcannofaiLioidn--struc- t members read it, them, for its .teachings are the pure nci "pH pics of tho gospel wri ttcn by I nspira lion of tho spirit of God. v When I .reflect upon the perfect order of the Kingdom of God, tho beauty, harmony and unity of its various organizations, extending even to tho women, and to tho young., people.of fethsexes, u n f fag and binding-a- 1 toge th cr In one interest, that of both . temporal and spiritual salvation. 1 often, wonder what more evidence, any, reflecting mind can require to substantiate the divine pri. gin of this work. I take great pleasure in readi 8gthevej8lepot&. ot Xhodtelief societies, Jn learning of the good which they have done and are doing, but most esr pccially Was I impressed with reading the article on storing -- grainJ republished; from No. 10, not having react H before, as 1 if-ih- April 11, ! nt, h ; . - : ! : ' t -- . t- . . . A f- rx mm . , store-rtheiste- rs - : . ; ! -- - 1 lart the Territory;, everything seems 