84 1 , ; rafcliahcdf semimthly, ial8a3SpT4EOaty,i; U tafi, Terms: One copy one year 2.00;' onecppy six months 1! the oriceof nmeAdycrtisln!? for -- linetfi. llral space, one J discoun ;to raUfcrr, Each square, time 42.00; . per in'otb,; $3.00. , AT - Exponent Office, corner of South jTeiiiple, and First East sh eets, opposite Eagle Gate." Business hours from 10 '" ' a.m. to 5 p.nu every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Exponent, o&iir iiUKo uy, u ian 4 SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. 1, : revenue of the country i iu 1;; i This, work of emigration brings with it certain duties and responsibilities, for women as well aa men: It' falls chiefly upon Bishops ers of Relief' Societies. They must and attend tb the poor and the eick. Thus are women doing their part of the. work of redeeming the nations temporally, and assisting in the gathering of Zion.' This brings forcibly home the truth of the remar, that it is easier to be a missionary abroad than a home missionary. To devise labor and initiate men and women into the customs of a new country is not a desirable thing. Yetthis must be dorSe, and women must take their share of this home mis- sion. And it seems clearer every day that the mission of storing grain should be given, to 1877. f the women of Zion. ' ' l nis 18 me ' - i. i.i t.'-e season waen'"iL me sisiers buuuiu ' 1- all ot them; Mostearne8t and energetic in their callinri1 Relief Societies and all such 'organizations as coin pose ; aftd make up the work home. It is now late done bv Women-here-t4 1 ft repariOor lenbugho" ytfndTalfihosf" and benevo wiope.riearta byerflow'w i :, remember' the c61d lent 'feelings' should .weailjr is cpmng, when he poor and tick ' jrean iiio ana acuviiy; iney neeu more needjfires to warm them; .the y need ciom-jng;?tb- ey many little comorts that in summer time they can,without1i.5!r ThiaU legitimate work of, Bishops and. Belief 'Societies,' (We would ask:. the brethren to Excuse us for, mentioning Bishops, - but the wdrk. of. benevolence, in these, matters is so united; between the two, that it is almost impossible to avoid; mentioning Bishops in that Therfl. are no mnr "houses in nnnprtfon. Utah and we do not want any.t' The regularity of the institutions, on all these, matters, does ... - character. ., . , ; . ),; In the' world it is .difTerent; and tnere, are lirery inany; 'rin'iiie'U'hjfed States (which baj-ZCqntituton jthat surpasses, all others j'ltsJibeaiUy andjin most, particulars', were it carried out, according to its' genius and spirit) .WOO live ior year jq; xyusmuv greuu ,ui poio 1 her-gbo- good-hearte- . only one of the labors which help to make up the sum total of the benevolent work which pertains to Relief Societies. Bread is the staff of life, and if there was always an abundance of other things, we think Mormon women would scarcely be so unsophisticated as one of the Queens of France, who, when she was told her subject wanted bread, asked her minister why he did not give them cake. The 'heart or soul enlarges through its sympathies. The more benevolent people are tnemoTe stil 1 they desire to be; it is one of those things that brings its own reward in th e blessings1 received as well as i mparted. '''In blessing ye are blessed The Savior-saidand "Inasmuch as ye did it unto the least of these iny.childrenr ye have done il; .unto me." Charity towards all God's suffering, creatures is commendable., And; although it is some-- ti me3 said there ia too much given in charity, to judge persons yet it is not possible always correctly because there rare, throughout the world, many diiferent standards of goodness, and how can one determine another's demerextenuatits, not havipg known if there were all ing circnmstanccs. It is necessaryto '.should be duped be charitable; and it were better and deceived many times, than to turn a deaf eaV to the cries of one person really needy. ui ' a gDii ovcr-- incidentaXcircumtance.;prltmi4fortunej ho . taking, thera, to obliged to go the.rQOit house. Such thd tasei with I the Latter-da- y Saints, ..God in iHisiInfinite Wisdom i hasf provided! a. bettor rytifm"Lt government rfot His Chosen! people. .ii ThTirtl'hna hTt'fit tliGKaiints im thu TalJevs is-oo- t of ' til if rmi u n I ai n s w i t h t he riobd- til ings t bflhis 1 ife7 tiey on d t h ei r m os t! sa n goine anucifMitidW It Yi' almost incredible how much- - has been adverse have been the?'Circum-stlnce- s ;dorieart3-hbfor such ' great achievements What dther people," with so few facilities, would have persevered uuder the acoirriulatlon of dinlcul-tie- s - w 1 tli'e Saints have encoutiterM In building Tlie one great enterprise ' of "emigrating thousands of people from - for- - eign countries, year. by earyis a most striking - Bpeclmeii pjf the noble characteristics of the 6ormqn people. Xnd allow us here to observe, that thisVwili yet be cpnsidered as worthy of being chronicled in the 'annals of the nation. These same foreigners many of them uneducated, are nevertheless shrewd and practiqal; thfcy have t'one and sinew, and they not only help--' to efrengtlieu and enlarge the borders of theJond .of Zionrbutihe .United States itself rUtfomes more powerful, not only in the number of its inhabitants, but from the" resources d, espe-cial- -- -- Ofllfe.: j lOcc; , 25, 1877; !:; :; ,HO,AEFAJRS. The Laib eICnitting Factory. dressi-makin- ment. For ofassoclat-ip- ! :'. UU';l're8ident,lirigha . f -this city, and located here for the purpose.oL her ' : having gained through this Insti-slutlo- - ns . 7 . practicing her professiorj; She now offers services as' physician, surgeon and accoucheur, to the ladie of Salt Lake City and vicinity, and begs to' assure those- - who: may. favor lu r With their patronage, that having successful'y practised for the last fifteen years, and having had the benefit of experierice in Medical in Paris and London, feels herself sisters in thoroughly qualified to benefit her ion..uMrs. Ferguson is also a teacherof music tand languages. ;;l v,v-,-- n means a bad reputation.bavo felt respect was no loiigerTworth5Jtruggiing;for, anoperhaps b ing of a weak and vacillating' nafure,- have succumbed to the calumny heaped upon them, and taken the downward course" until it was toojate to retract. riut): Girls, if you would have an unsullied name; an irreproachable life, beware of chance acquaintances. .Better, far better, cq betoslow in accept making friends, than to be too free char- whose from. thoc of confidence proffers ' i aciers are to jou unknown. Be suro and confide in your mother; you will 'never have cause to rrgiet it. Take no heed , aV,t-t-- d, ; of our of our citizens have succeeded in getting up a bust cf' President Vo.ugn, stone if ork, which ' .certainiy 1 correct in fcatpre, though at first sight doesnot 'Hr ike you as forcibly ;as after a closer observation.j The bust la an enterprise j of Messrs. W. Fuller & Con and we understand . the intention of the company is to thoroughly canvass Jhe".Tenitoryv,Tjrr5iti- g Sometfmes innocent persons are shun-neand even conidemhed, thronh evil asso' ciations. Really innocent persons have fre- tly. been ;in this way misrepresented and all g As anOthek tribut.to the'memory soyet wbereersons are notinowrrlhey ; ? : i ; : -- Meat ilaVket, on Second. South Street All orders filled promptly.' Mrs. Strickland also in the same establish- carrier on. . d ' socks and stockings, call kindi of home-madat Mrs.. H. E. Strickland's, opposite 13th Ward Girls make it a point of your every day life ' to ebqose your companions. ' It matters not how poor ami uneducated you may lie, if you will,.you may always be choice of your associates. The Scriptures tell us to . "shun the very appearance of evil." Not that ' tu appear goodj or true, or.innocent JsHo make maligned,-an- -- TJIYBA. :. . iiiil: : q-ie- y. " ; .... r ' GIRLS, KEEP GOOD . COMPANY. aertainlyerylgenej '.-- d, For the Expos ext. fwith whom they are' in the habit . . ; rlope1 ly y , . d jt , ( lip Utah Territory tEesofal8e 'frienTWoulcl behajasijto:',.assi.8t you in retracing your way ; and, perchance be ' among the first 'to reproach you with witherlu ing sneers and humiliation It is the duty of every young lady, a most tacred duty, to guard name, to let her deportment and her conversation be strictly modest and decorous. Never let it be said, as we frequently hear it remarked, "She is generous and kind, but rough and coarse in her manner and conversation," There is no excuse for such conduct in the young ladies of Utahi for the Associations formed for mutual improvement in all things pertaining to the welfare and development of their, hearts, minds and manners, as well as other institutions, Schools, Sabbath Schools and LiteraTy Societies and also the association with good and true women as well as men, not only teach;but guide them iftfcey will heed the?e things, in the path cf duty and principle. And is almost invariably the case that those who are willing to be obedient to parents and instructors of youth, and if th-- are respectful to the aged, make in sirf.ift.v.f Yfmn1arr nrttiln wnmpn. rfittArna - ". uvr.w t modest, and if not'pclished and graceful, are at genleast courteous in manner, whole-souleuine and trustworthy in all the social relations - '., a -- s, It is IE QUESTION OF TIIE TIME. ; of vour.vounir friends who lauchiit vnnr-r...- i ish ideas of propriety. Extremes are certainly to be avoided in most instances, but in matters of this nature youcan scarcely be too precise. You must bo independent enough to ward oft any 1 i ttlsarcVsms from thdse who sneer about etc. Remember, were mama's apron-stringany misteps to plunge you into difficu ty . Editor. Ten-cogies-t- XEONJNT . lrou?ht toeaTihrougli Tlheir labws7uponthe THE' "WOMAN'S EXPONENT 1.0Q- - W,O MA N S ;E , -.- . , r Editqb LxroNEJtT: j "t : l s , !i;; ; "- .... Knowing the interest the tisters feel in the various settlements of Utah Territofy, in tne homeT missionary .work of Borne of the mothers In Israel, we thought a few items of our'recentunvisit to Bear Lake Valley woujd not-b- e 