Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1, 1877; 6. brother, that we may inherit a kingdom of glory ; if we will live by his teachings and what he left on record, it will take you and me right into the celestial kingdom of our : LABOR' BLESSED ARE THEY WHO ' FOR ZION. ; 3 .; How blessod are the people Who know the Lord their God; How bleat are thoy who labor No spread Hla truth abroad. Our God will bless His servants, 1 Where'er on earth they roam To bear the joyful tilings j", Ilome. Israel And gather Though they go forth in weakness The Lord will be their friend; ; Ills angels go "before thein . His power their ways attend. ' . ftejoice, 0 scattered Israel! ' The promised day has come. AVhen from your long dispersion t r : You shall be gathered home. Go forth, ye chosen servants! I .' fh Joyful news proclaim, While here we build our Temples , la honor to God's name, : And while the gathering thousands, Prom every land shall come, We'll store np bread to; feed them, ' And bid them welcome home, With faith and works united. Let each their portion bear To build onr holy Temples, ' And gain our blessings there. Thus may we all be ready ; When Zion's King shall come, That we with joy and gladness May bid Him welcome home. And then with all the faithful ' - Oirr premised rest obtain i A thousand years in ZIon With Him in peace to reign. Then in our Father's mansions He will prepare us room : ; The joyful greeting waits us; 'My children welcome home." ' y '"' , - widow and orphans; gave bread to the hungry and those who would borrow he turned not away empty, yet he himself was a poor man ; so you see the Lord nearly always chose the poor to accomplish a great work. Abraham had no riches when the Lord called him; Isaac could not bo called 16ti; "Jacob was a herder of stock. Bavid, a man after God's own heart, he was a shepherd" boy. Moses brought upT it- - the king's table was turned off withoutr"a fortune. Jesus the Lord and Savior- of the world, was born in a manger, and brought up as a poor carpenter's 8on;! he :yas nb -- , 1 1 . Hch;f6r-weread;of:-hi- m es 5 ; wise. - -- .J I .x-if- u i Mill Creek Ward July, 1877; i I" , Mother largo audience; In aery :fu::. Cooper Institute; m T - "Missv Lydiac Becker 'sta'f ed ;iat' a.Womari Suffragp meetingln England recently, that there were 2,600,000 spinsters" in' Great uyueu. jLiii,utu. wily eny. uy,uuu,uuu oi prop? if -- Miss .Staunton Chadbourne, of Boston is about to; mako miscellaneous rread-ing- s a profession.; She is a grad uate of , the ''Boston i School j of Oratory, jivn ich for, in. stfuction in Elocution is second to no other , : in the country. ; ; ; A The DesEret NewsroWuIy ;27 jfntes . ; that the Union Paciflc workrperi obtained their point without recourse to violence or -- eating green corn on the' Sabbath day" because they yvere hungry Thus; we'seetho servants of the Lord were poor and lowly. The Lord takes the poor and meek of the earth to confound the wise and the great. Think of this church being organized with only six5 members In 1830, now they aro in nearly every townj city, village and county over the whole earth; all through the instrumentality of a poor farmer's boy who read the Bible and was willing to give heed ',to the teachings therein. Let us do like- Esther a. Hoagland. L. city." and'-hlsydisjpl- 16, Stewart addressed a striked' :Th order - '. s. iMondav evening July God. Can we follow the example he set? He loved his friends and prayed for his enemies and those who would injure him; he was kind to the poor and needy, visiting the sick and afflicted and took care of the . - ." : fora red action 'of wa- - his own responsibility, who annopnced his f wiilintrnas to their grievances at any timoland. conciliated5 them bv" red tin- -. ing the price Of coal sifpplies to their fami. hear-any-o- -- t lieso iimUh:. :..,; t';.-..--f Strikes in the States have been An'd.up.tb the present time incrslnjdilyi' 7 havo, not abated. It is impossible togiyq ay fflpft rif thn. tiorrl hln Vnn uVn li onnn j nrh InK a'xn andrwhat.the iuture will; be how; beingfel rxo possibly jlefermin'e;V'The thmOOs'aridriot's will call; Iqtd "exerclsd an the energies andcapabillties of the wis, est andihesVHeVdaV'l'f it continued "for any V Hmethe ountryrwlll :certainlyr iengthof be in ruin,5 lnvplVed whicail the" present representation of affairs from no wspa'per reports' is immint, ies along the'iailroadf routes life4 and TpropI erty rq ai ine ruercy oi. tnose wrio;aro.,in. furiated with the ipiri t of mobocracy which seems to Ibe broadcast now over these United States.. Indian depredations and troubles are also on the5 increase and the state of things all oyer this; country is really deplorable. The Eastern war ac- , JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET. ! r 7- :i l say that to open the study and practise of medicine to women-fol- k under the in. I consider Joseph' 'Bmithr the greateVt man the .world ever knew, (except "the Savior.) He lived a salntj and died a martyr for his religion;' he sealed his testimony With his' bloody "which fallible rd of a stiff public examination, will beto risV in respect for human rights to the level of European nations who do1 not ybrag about Just freedom half as loud as. we' do, and to respect the constlta safe-gua- spilt by the was1 hands of a blood thirsty niotf who came dis-guis- ed and red and dressed In hideous colors and costumes. -- They were lnflaenced ahd le4 on by pretended preach, ors of the 7Q6spel. The state authorities tried time after time to find him guilty of some eVil to convict hinvbut they never could, 'for . he was ;an': Innocent man; he served God and' loved mankind,5 even" to the laying down p;his life.i-Ruwith him as with the Savior and ' "men would swear to lies fbget him into prison;' but he never got angry and went to;war. No! He .was; like . a lamb, he . went with them when he"knew, the; were going to kill him, and he was as calmvas a summer's-morninwhen he; bid his friends goodbye, t and-tolthem, that it would yet be said that he was murdered in cold blood. , . , Let us look at what he did7or,'u who be-lieved and obeyed; hishwords; . lie fought-a- s the Gospel and told;us there ?was avGod , in heaven,' who ffas our father and we wero JIls children; he instructed us jhoWi to pray painted black- 1 - 1 fill pay their(taxes like Contract-wjth- t s, - - d -- 3 Sin a knowledge for "J 10 ourselves, and taught nvo ana ioiiow Christ, our . elder. ; men, and, by the the State implied in that ! payment,; have the clear human rlghttliey have ye t to' go down on ' their knees for. But It will also ; Import into the , medical scieocoa new and less theoretical, but - cau. tiousV ' teachable, observant kind of intellect; it vill givo thd larger half of the na,l tion an honorable ambition and an honorable pursuit toward which their hearts and instincts, are bent by Nature Jicrself; it will tend: to ; elevate this whole sex,; and1 its youn'g children male as well as female, and so will advance the civilization of the world; Hvhicli in ages past in" our own day, and in all time, hath arid doth and will keep stop exactly with the progress of women toward mental equality with men. Cha's Reade, in Harper's for July. i His-Apostle- ; r The ; darkness : of- night , helps; us ; to see the bright . ?lps ;8tars-ith- e: us.seaGod darkness of sorrow andiheavcn. ;i , - OI peacO; tuuuwure uy uv wviiux lDUicaiive J. '1 JUl.few aujic'jwe uxrangempnisy wana i according to recent telegrams the two empires are calling to their aid J all the reinforceo tinments thev' cart'no?5ihlv ohtflin. ' ' - uA - ui-uu- "." -- - jr -- ri iJ-- U' i Ik. i - 'i A side fiianT. ; Nover-cfa-ce the light when at work, but contrive'. fo?liaveaT.8ide.. light, which will not shlno directly in the: eyes.: In the: schools Vin Germany ,thls matter has already. been attended to, and: the rule adopted is to have all the and tables so arranged that the pupil; never faces the, windows, but orily has. the side lights -from; the left; and as a light simultaneously thrown from two sides, gives anlnferenco of shadows, it has been strictly, forbidden to build j echobl-room- s with .windows: on both' sides, such illumination having: also proved Injurious to the eyes of the pupils.' We may add to this adyicp not to place the lamp in front of you when! at ' work in the evening,, but va little' on one side; ruso a shader-- a. green onexis best; as it softens' the light, which illuminates only the work up-onnnrhlch itfaiis r r - o;n: ? , - 