iwwman - .. i'm1!" trail it it w-- ii u l i.2 - - -v.f: pi ii f. ." -- . --. ;mi , f r l. v i t t . a v JL',i--.!Y- -- ff? . V iji. ; '"II f - - - .. it -- ( .' T ,v sm- t nu ru tM 1 - m.st 1 w . -- .i ivvi i, - " ON TIIE DEATH OP PRESIDENT ' it r Ifrny.can wo- - iiiprs3 our sorrow for the loss that we I BrUrhaiu Touny our seer and prothet long luu been his peaceful re! sm loved the people ever they have loved hlni Inro- has ile wrong; Now the Saints of : Iiitter-daysVw- selsjglven, H i a 11 Moura.hla loes, and yet. rejolco .ta heave -- that he meets, his friends , nH. ftlbctoehlrf J i''i ' LkiaA antjoyt .'i lon WlUard IUchardSrPJtvldiPatten, and ,the Saints whofvo : rifi.n pased away,: jisj Welcome him, with love and gladness, where It Is eternal r ....ri;;,.-. day.- Mir He Is free from fall annoyance, free from those that sought ii his death; , ?! in;!: sore we berefU j are Now no evlttajq befall him only Ha u hflrimv with comDanions who had onlv irone before; None can'Jharm him," or molest him he is' free forever- more h-.a- ; 1 A WOMAN'S LOVE. '.US;! my life have passed, and the hand of time i snnkllrig.my' hair plentifully with sil- ver, and chiliy" autumn is fast approaching; though; the vivacity andj buoyancy of my hasTnot' :t'ptttfr' ikv"gejye? iho:iunshine ' out of my heart. '"'X calmery holier ; J46y has settled doWn upon life;; Al-- s though sorrows have and yet may comn, I 1 ; 5lne trust in: the future ; tor fonder sky that ehiao Can light like woman's eye impart; The earth holds not in all its mines, The gem so rich as woman's heart. - . ANPNYMOUS. ; I - . :1 , price of a penny. It is said to' bbj . an7lnde-pendenot i preslht-Iiilamily nepaper, : !of fthef Woman especially i t ho interests ; j uw SufiTrago: party Ex.' . nt g, -- Mrs. Isabella B. Hooker, in her call :for Ulie eighth annual meeting of. the Connect I. . ,fcut.t5VoroaafiuffrageiA8sociation "among subjects for discussion i the Labor i question, to . occupy the, morning session. Wo heartily approve of thisj arrangement. The labor question has arrived at such'J gU j gantid proportiQns that it presses itself upon the i attention- - of ,allp and i next i to that of woman suffrage-- ' is the' greatest! question of - the day, and the two are. destined yet' to : color the pislitical atmosphere until an equilibrium: of forces is brought about, which . shall equably adjust - tho ' demands of both. v REMINISCENCES. Incidents of my'", girlhood days, jdso of later years rush o'er my memory The innocent sehooLgirl romp, the merry Christmas, the happy, Newt Year, the tray party, and above all the 'Joyous "sleighride. snugly wrapped in warm, , robes r and furs cosily seated by the side of a respected schoolmate, or perchance, one dearer, i with other sfeats similarly occupied; t The clatter of the horses hoofs sounding on the frozen i air. The dearth .'draped in robes of night dazzllngiwhiteness, rglltterlog and sparkling in the silvery moonbeans;H While the bright stars looked' approvingly down as we dashed over the frozen 'snow,-- halting e ver and anon, at somewayside ihm to partake or refreshments, or?warm oar tingling ears; Werr1 haPpy' fleetin'irIay3 spent With friends of my youths But where are the friends, "echo answers where?" to-da- y. i - th? W ' wWrea?e tbe'co' l Whose TpiceiwereMttyjiWhoss ihearU wtre pure and la childhood's happy day? motives good, ji-hW- e " j Conventions overcome our imperfec. and tions learn to d ischargo: bur duties In the United Order. faithfully I anl happy to hear ryolf a ro eh gaged rirF the Ladies' Store; I think.it Will encourago others to! try to' follo w "your example, and success" in the enteprlse. :heartlly'wlsh you 1 am aware it ' must bo quito a tax upon " V : your physical strength J:hftve;bepD'vtc!hIqg'schbol 1 "short tlmb .M for the same kind of ''remuneration. 'The labors of the brethren here have beefa much ' blessed this season; they have raised some 'good wheat enough for bread "andfseedj the' command sugar cane look splendid;-- We havo also some ?godd'tvege'. lableifvof Almost all- kinds,: 'which' wo can appreciate Rafter the failure' of last year. We" havo one corral for1 out' cows) one field, zone ono treasury f:f'1 iUWe are o far from Utah that we get;bat sJbleHha they malull 'esslty of making an 'amendment to the Constitution, that. rwlirprqhibit theJ several r ' , states from disfranchising women. .:;:-.- i;u Constitution of Vie National Woman Suffrage " " i Association. , Article little news.' ; j- ni ' ; '; .Article . All Woman JSuflrage Societies throughout tho J country; shall bo auxillafiesj and their '.accred I ted .officers- - or ldu)y. appointed ','represeritatl ves ,r 5,- - wel-.comed- 'as ? May God bless, comforl and strengthen you ln all your labors, is the prayer of Your sister in the Jospel Of peace, y l -- ;sv thefUnited ns.of shall bej V considered members of the Association, wi th thio right: to participate In , its deliberations, T, AnTrnr.T?. 4. Th nffio nf H?a Acr ,ciation,-shalbe a I'resldent, a aco Presi aenc irom eacn or tne states and Territories, Correspondlhg'and 'Recording Secretaresa '.Treasureran ;ExecutIve Committee'of not Jess than"fiver and an Advisory. Committee consisting of 'one person7,froral f each Stato -and. Territory. , ,.T r Vi ,'u - ; 3.7-AllcItize- contnbutfngs'qt jess (nan . oho dollar annii-!all- J ri-.r- ;fi . States subseribi ? - Article 2. Tho object of thisjAssocia-"tio- n shall bo lb sccuro NAf iONAiiVprotectfon 'for women citizens', in tho exercise offtheir-righ- t fo:voto.u,UtY;4 I ; stock-yardar- id This, organization- - shallr be called tfiQ'Ndtionarwomaa'Suffra .: yr ciatlpn.rj ,,,,7 RTiCLE-- L 1 - ypmen the causp of Universal Suffrage Inxany of the states and territofles, jo iarouse an iri In the1 cause, and urge, upon wo men every where the necessity of th biiliot. The plan now is to present as finany names to Congress' during the! riext'sesslon as pos- - - ? are being held by Jntercit 1877. that 6urHeavenly"Fatherrwill b- givo, us 'strength Is sold; lor tjio small matl04epartnients.It received - your very kind letter, and thank you for the good sentiments expressed therein. It does; me good to know that !you feel interested In our mission; we sometimes are a little lonesome, there being so i few of us, but the brethren andT sisters of !our camp are united, and when we consider lffi.V we aro !here to try to do the will of God and carry but-thcounsel of President Young - (in our1 weakness), 'it - inspires us with-hop- hi : s o Yy- I well-know- n 1 . i. i r BallotBox. Sunset, Arizona Sept. 13tb, : lol irv.TiKi") :Y crowded, andi it is said we have no woman in America equal to her in: force, genius and , Sunday j culture combined.-rPhiladelp- hia Press. Miss EMiiithfuT,. we aretold, has of a new weekly just b journal, called the West London "Express." She is its editort and has many assistants In the literary 'scientific' and dra- - - ! . 0 Annie Uesant, the English radical, Js young and handsome, and a natural orator. Her lectures to working people are densely CORBESPONDENCE. EXTEACTS FKOM: A PBIVATE LETTER ; - ' - : ' " , ; Her voice Is like rich music sweet, Poured out from e'en a harp alone.' Llk that, when storms most loudly beat, ' ' It yield! a clearer, richer tone. A nd woman's love'r a holy light, Thatt)rtrbter, brighter beams for aye, yeanreannot dim its radiance bright, Nor ever falsehood quench its ray. - the past, to Divine And when this earthly pilgrimage is ended, ' " . ' The cares, and sorrows, hopes and fears of life are o'er. : ' May childhood's Joys and earthly ties be blended, With glory, joy, and life eternal, on the other shore. - ; t But liko'the star of Bethlehem pf old, to Israel's shepherds givn, . i mareoajs with its steady flames The erring soul of man to beav n. as' in assistance," to lead uslsafely through . s5STd mm ? iu -- Emily B. Spescik. For the Exponent. s ;f Thoiigrrthexspri ngtlme' and summer of : -- J" . 1 . St. George, Aug! 18Ttl" l u. I my life passed, there came a joyous, solemn day, that'on which ' I entered upon II the duties of wifehood. And erov long, came' sweet flowers, fresh from heaven to cheer our hearts and firesldesj; As their numbers increased, it was my joy to rear ttiem in the path of virtue and truth. And ; when they in time have, started on the ' road; :tha has been' traveled for untold 7 ages)' how thankful I haVe felt that I have ' beehcoiinted worthy to 'be instrumental in bringing forth the" souls of men to help bud up the kingdom of God .upon the ' earth1. U:i:.:": JTededlah w NOTES AND NEWS. 1 Joseph Smith lias gladly met him, By rum, too, shares In thbjoyr - Heberr Cfeerge ho5" thorny T have loved his coun- y ,,:ah'J"ii ;...,; 0V1?T. ' ... ,i( ho who? survive J tread - is in GhristJesusrEfethoi Had sm- - Though he's gone to realms of flory, still our loss we long .. will mourn. He was mighty as a leader, he for right was ever strong Taught us naught but truth eternal and he never led us A!ll path -f of life in different directi6ns,bat all I think arO aiming to atialhHho high prlzo which XOUNGH mrr BKIGHAM: irii., l :'X1 I - i t '5 r, , i i r V m . ; m fiix : i i 1 1 w i " , - nr , - ? ii ! - x -- - r v 1 1 1, , ? i , ' f : n ,, . i "i V. tv ' m:n mm in in w ma m ii ri i ... . iuiau do, recognized as memoers - ox, inajNa- .tlona! Association. IIZJ A rtr: 