AN" ALLEGORY. In? iravelingithrbughf rHindostan some years- - ago the - writer accidentally came : across a curiosity, of wbich vvtry Uttle'rap-- ; pears to be known'. Having occasion to remain for a few days at a village which lay a short distance ; from a largo body of water perhaps of sufficient extent to entl-ti- e it to be called a sea my attention was directed to the ruins of what had once been a grand'andlbeautiful temple, an object, as well repay a I was informed, visit. This temple was situated immediately on the border of the sea, and from a . that-wrou- ld variety ;of marks jitwasejriden that its destruction was greatIyowingr to theP re peated and continued beating of the waves against the structure. The remains of pillars of stone, placed at regular Intervals, Inparticularly attracted the attention. scriptions, that had originally been cut very deep, were still visible on many of these pillars, and on one the word "Hope" was as plain as though it had been chiseled yesterday; on another, but not so clear, the word "Mercy," could be seen; and in fact each pillar bore - an inscription" of some meaning. The hand of Time, however, had pressed so heavily on some as to render them very in- Ukjchuch that to decipher them was impossi- pillar of Truth, and on which still remains the faint outlines of the letters f and a. :Tb'e;brkf;dert ly.begun,ahd all the rpil lars of thef temple 0e mercy of. the waves. A fter gave . way IwasHteason; then Purity; aha , iw.ii " of his children,- to whomi he1 gave pointed and unmistakable instructions that it should .. be carefully preserved. It was erected so close to this sea, which is called the 'Seaof Evil Influence jhat eveiHri thejfair the sand within a few rods of .the temple; so that, whenever the' tide ran up the beach an unusual distance, or a storm arose, the wavea dashed-furidusagainst the edifice. Had the children of God paid that respect which : w'a3Tdtfo; iOiin3 instructions, they could 'have prevented' the "encroaclime'nts ofr the, 'Seas of Evil Influenced upon the 'Temple' of thV Soul';' but they deluded themselves into the belief that, as the closet ness of the pillars rendered tho temple impregnable,": the" building was 'perfectly secure, forcrettiner that With everv dash of the waves against the femple, the structure was weakened. -- -- Love, Charity ConscientiousneOs, Meri-yWisdom, and lastly Frientlship. followed ; and nowthe only pillar remaining uninjured is that of Hope, -- For ages that pillar alone has withstood 4he action of the waters to whichjiti was exposed, nor strange as It may seem, does it bear any visible marks either of the hand of Time or the influence of iHe sea wKlle the word Ho'pejs sjill aa was originally. Thu9, through clear as disregarding the commandments God gave his children, th'oY result is . the ruin of the magnificent Temple of The Soul.' -The stranger then lett mtf tomeditafe on the history he had just related, and draw a :'...". '1:J.:-moral; therefrom; :'. ; . i ly ... which:aUthefpiUarsW The next pillar that fclLwas;that of Faith, whiehiasiimmediatelyatv While gazing on these ru ins, and wondering what motives could have actuated the erection of this temple, I saw a rather - the thought that no great damage had yetbeen done,and as, there appeared to be. no pressing necessity for immediate action, 'it . "toh ... ... . : Fusinato, has frequently, made y brief 1 ad-- : dresses before societies; buk we cannot1 re-call any previous : instance of a: woman' ad-- l. dressing a great assemblage of Uhe people. At the meeting held at Rome jlttihe Apollo Theatreon the 3d the Countess Chioc - ci appeared upon. theult, platform, ancl present ed a; written address, tYHich she requested; to be published with the proceeding of ttier 1 meetings li was accepted, and the address r wonjd have been willingly Ijeard; by iheP aun . not rlosther Uience, haa the Countess - ti rtri cou-t t T , ; 1 tsrthe dangerBu with 1 v some of the pillars, hayo gradually mouldered awayvmitil ther. arot npw left only a letter or two, and Mothers 'are,, entirely de-sirujeu. i j.. us leiupie uou ieit in me cnarge they would .endeavor to avert the probable they concerned themselves very little about the matter. Meantime the Pillar ot Truth was slowly but surely succumbing to the continued action of the waves, till finally a portion ot it was washed away. The charm was lost. That which had been an impenetrable barrier was now broken and the waters of f the Sea of Evillntlnence rushed tumultously into she Temple of the Soul, to - strange looking person approaching the spot where I stood1 When he had arrived within speaking distance, I asked him if there wa3 not a history connected with this temple, upon which he , related, the following storv. which! believe contains amoral of worth. Here is tlie story as he spoke i: "Long ages ago a great and good being called God, caused this temple, the ruins of which you now behold, to be erected, and named it the TempIe of the Soul.' The dome of the structure, pnvhicli the name of the temple iwas lnscHbcdf was support ed by a number of pillars, which were placed so close together as to render them impenetrable.' On each of these pillars was cut, or engraven, the name of some attribute, among which were Truth, Friendship, Hope, Purity, Love, Faith, Conscientiousness, Pity, Reason, Charity, Wisdom, Benevolence, and others, many of which have been forgotten in the transmission of the history from generation to: generation. The names lost, could never,, bo recovered, be- - "You see," said he, "that stump which extends further towards the sea than the rcsi?r Thatplllar was called 'Truth,' but as zi time wore on, and being more exposed to the water than the other, tho letters aro en-- 1 is hardiyi ariy"of ; tirelyierased, riaythere " T'T left." ;T Jhft pillar When the children- of God discovered that unless some actlori was taken the, Sea of Evil Influence would ultimately ruin the Temple of the Soul,' 4hey determined that j r ? "t : til A week 'afterward, an Immense multi tude assembled in the atrium of themonas :crpffiantatoia Thousands upon thousands of all classes of people were present" The third speaker was Miss1 Matilda ; Caselli,1 who displayed such J remarkable, v spirits and' eloquence,' rousingthe vast aiid ienco to such u orations In' the iprogramrne--we- r instantly suppressed, and the resolutions adopted byT ' speech we find that MisCaseHf was rid!Ies daring thanieloquerititlh-Naes'theH- o she erred ie the longBourbonlzed Naples, ' e1 new peopl wh Ich is risi tig on Vot the-- for me rJamixmliiheiC havo brot Ihhmalaityean the Crescent the mbleffiof j Nfbarismf We repudiate the Jesuit policy which now. - CbvrronSfwA hiRJiuthor- Ijy ChristlToi appreciate the ibrce,qf thjs -- thatnthebe,rremember policy whlcH, emanates from t .the lyatlcan has been hitherto unfriendly o the Oriental Christians, and. therefore, so faras it may affect dlploniacy. iavprable, Turkish :side pfr the question, But ! the freer dom Ql speech of i Misi Caselli Js, hardly ' more remarkable lhanthe: readiness with which It was accorded to her, and.the man: ner in which, it; was , received by, the, au. dieDce. There.are stiU many turbid in?ro-- ; ; to.e ; ItalyfJand if Italian women are as wise and patient as, they, are ableand.ejoquent, they may.. render .noble dients In ithe service to ... :....:..S.-- -; WOMEN IN ITALY. z"- 3 rge. , UieiVof Tribune, their. country.N, - Those wffo suffer from sieelesshess-an- d to the Tiumber is not smallmlght do wqll notice their sitipiiai nlghtV ,rA German " V Italy first, towafdi the.'closo of the Mid die Ages, p ermitleU lolWomah the free exercise of a distinguished talents. Olympia Morata lectured publicly ipFerrara, the universities of Padua and Bologna gave chairs to female 'professors, and the study of medicine, the higher' mathematics, and classic literature was open ,to r the sex. Shakespeare's' 'Portia'' Is Jessthah afull typo of the accomplished jllalian woman of that day., At this moment, three or four hundred envlakrGermanyV France, and even Englatid are; not ;tnnch in advance pT the public seritimehr which then accepted such a , recognition of Roman's capacity; has Ventured ; while no modern-universito go so far.' :A1 ready, 1m the presen t general development of Italy, the women are ) preparing to claim Jheir ancient privileges. A n ew, In tellecfual actiyi ty; is stirring the sex; "not "onljrin literature and art, also in we are beginning, to politics and sociology, hear softer- - voices.- - - The popular sympathy with the martyred Bulgarians, which cx- pressed ItselLthroughJmmense mas3 meet, ings in Rome and Naples, no less than-iLondon and Glasgow, has given the 'Italian women an opportunity which some of them have Instantly elzed. j It Is true, in- . deed, that the Italian poetess, Signora Fau. ty- . n Jhe physiologist; states rtlat thehfeatihgef cOTrcnts earth by the uncanses Magnetic from the equator tdeacKoIe. . .Wp Bhould lie; therefore, In the klire&ibn across'; thetho; result is rehtsrif woMie wtWlof arid npleasant; rvu A li V li i 'nVtJ 1 KA" 1 lano eonse, tin ttW 13 IhO bCS t !:.:,!si n 4. j f ;TftTwlclol'Utwilt9 moV phrase irot thosev'whoi, neglect, little. thingsilLWM dohflWlghted manva; c'racter;,blaste(l manyra qfortune8unk. many a ship, !burned..tfQwn inanya house, and ruined thousands of;hQpefur projects; forhuman good. It always means stopping. shortif the right thing. It is a makeshU w 11 failure arid defeat.? Ndt what e thing to do," butwhaCii thp "Cet1 the db;ti the point to bedimed man once adopt the maxim 6f "It will doi and hei3 glv'en- over Uo the: eamy; on the? sIdo of Incompetency xind deieat and wo give him up:ai a hopeless subject It is a besrib his - Srailc3. ' " 