The lady came in, and sat do wtn. I pretty soon saw a little ' girl, about two yearW old, wfth a top thimble in her mouth, sucking it j went up to the girl, took the thimble from her and put it on the mantle shelf. Says I to the mother You must not allow the child, to have this thine! if it. ah rm Id im intr thu tmriAr.h? lb will decay.". The man. looked at me as if . he would-faiaway. He i was a large man; but I suppose he neverattempted to say such a thing to his wife In his life, I said it; and the mother was so confounded that she did not say a word and it would not have?1 done her any good If she had. Now, if you will mind this you bring up your children correctly, and teach them those principles and namts wmcn are correct and you wiU find that, you will improve Very materially in your families.1 If you find that the children are cruel, do not contend with them, soothe them, and invite those who, through accident, have. Injured a little "sister to You have accidentally hurt your pity her. little sister, go and klBa'ter. 'By, taking this course you will have good children, anJ; they will not contend with each other I am talking to you of that which I know. I have had ': an experience in these matters. I will relate a little incident that occurred in my own family. A little boy about three and a half years old was very ill. His mother. would feed him bread and milk, or whatever he good in awakening the slothful and indifferent to a sense of the responsibilities devolving on them in this day and age of the world. up- i DISCOURSE BY -- PMSIDENr"BRrGHBinrOMG;; . In the Tabernacle, Ogden, at a Meeting of the Belief Societies of Weber Covnty, July 19th, nt, . DXLXVEBZD 1 1877. REPOBTKD BY JAMES IAYLGB. CONTINUED. ; Here are mothers. Who give the key to the nations of the earth with regard to their feelings, pride, prejudices; their religion, habits and customs, and, I may say, who, in a great degree, govern, that lay the foundation for the ability that is exhibited among the nations of men? It is the mothers. "Who. have laid the foundations in the hearts of children to prepare them to be great and good men? It is not the fathersIt is the mothers. It Is like the saying of the Savior with regard to the poor. Speaking to his disciples, he says "For the poor always ye have with you, but me ye have not always." Now the children are always with the mother, and the mother U always with the children, but the father they have not. He Is in the field, at his work; and the mother is all the time making impressions upon the minds of the children. Permit me here to say, mothers, and my sisters, you who are young, it will do you good if you will only observe it. You sea, hear and witness a good deal of contention among childrensome of you do, if not all and I will give you a few words with regard to your futurediyes, that you may have children thut are uot contentious, not quarreld some. Always be yourselves, is the first step. Never allow yourselves to become out of temper and get fretful. Why, mother says, "this is a very mischievous little War-burto- n, Secretary, read the minutes of their last meeting, which gave some idea of the work they are doing in the interest of the kingdom of God. Miss E. R. Snow addressed the meeting, speaking on almost all the different topics of the greatest importance in laying the foundation for a life of usefulness here, and living for an exaltation hereafter. Mrs. Howard, in her remarks, dwelt considerably, upon the necessity of economy, and strongly advised the young people to marry and settle r down, without waiting to accumulate wealth first She also urged the young men to be temperate, to leave oil baJ habits, If they had been addicted to any. President F. M. Lyman made some excellent remarks at the close of the meeting, and expressed himself well pleased with the sisters' visit an.l their instructions to the people. Meeting adjourned until eleven o'clock the following day. TuesdayTmornlng at eleven o'clock, a goodly number of brethren and sisters were assembled; Mrs. Micklejohn presided. After singing and prayer, Secretary Mrs. Emily Warburten read the minutes of their last meeting. They gave a very good idea of the condition of the SocietyTand were rieh in testimony of the Gospel, and the good spirit and feelings of those who were associated together in works of charity and love. The iubjects treated upon by the sisters who spoke were the duties and responsibilities of women ! , Wisneu. . good-nature- That children those little that amount of vitality in cannot do be still. cannot If they any. they boy or little girl.'' What do you see? thing else they will tip over the chairs, cut up and pull away at anything to raise a row. They are so full of life that they cannot contain themselves; and they are something like ourselves boys.They have-s- o much vitality in them that their bones fairly ache with strength. They have such an amoun of vitality life strength and activity, that they must dispose of them; and theyoung ones will contend with aeh other. Do not be out of temper yourselves. especially mothers," the tralhihgdf Iheoli thj " the development of capabilities through culture and proper discipline, the influence of women opon society and in the formation of the character of nations, celestial marriage, its relationships and Its advantages. . This meeting adjourned until half pslxintheLeYe-- nipg; when thehouae was again filled, The people paid strict attention to the speakers in all the meetings, and good order was strictly observed. Indeed we have never seen more attentive audiences. We thank: the good people ef Tooele fur the many kindnesses an generous hospitality extended to the party during their brief stay, and trust that some good seed may have been sown, that will yield fruit in due season. These visits of the slaters to the various settlements, In the interest of Relief Societies and Young Lidies Association?, have I went into the house and talked to the man in some Instances been productive of great we had the opportunity of meeting at the house of Brother Bobert Micklejohn, where we took dinner, Bishop Tuttle of Tooele, his wife and daughter, Mrs. Annie Musser, a dear friend of ours, and several other good sisters from Lakeview. At the meeting house (a good, substantial, rock building) we met with Mrs. Hunter, the President of the Relief Society of Grantsville. and several other- - sisters from that meet- - r place, who had come over to attend the ings. The afternoon meeting was under the auspices of the Relief Society, presided over by Mrs. Elizabeth Clegg, Counselor to Mrs. Micklejohn, who was- - called away to attend a sick, person, The meeting house is commodious and well finished inside, has a large, comfortable vestry adjoining, and a gallery opposite the-sta- nd. The singing was excellent, the selections choice and well rendered. After the sisters from Salt Lake had spoken, Bishop Tuttle jnade some most sententious remarks. The house was well filled, and prior to adjournment a notice was given out that the meeting in the evening would be conducted by the Young Ladles' M. I. Association; The Young Men's M. I. A. were invited to join them, also a general invitation extended to all who wished to attend. The house .was well filled, a larger number of brethren being present than is usual at such meetings. The Superintendent of the Association, Mrs. Tate, presided. Miss Emily them. Be mild and pleasant. If you see a child with knives and forks, playing with them, it might put out its eyes. It will not do to give it a hammer and a looklnglass. What will you do? I am a person of experience, and know bow to deal with children. If the chlld'has In -- shouldjioUiavelet the mother or the father, or whoever has charge of ltaIianiLthatwhich-it the child or has the right, take such things from it,aud put them away where they belong. Now, mother, listen toT thisnever' ask a child to give up that which it should not have. Step up kindly and put the article where it belongs. The child will not's iy anything! A lit tie circumstance took place In Salt Lake City. I had business in a house where 1 had under-- , stood there had been considerable trouble occa sionally; and the mother would not, let .the' father speak to the children, to! chastise them as suuu oauo wum suu uci, wjr every day he wanted his bread and milk. Just' as soon as be had got what he wanted, he would throw up his hand, and away went the basin to the floor. His mother did not know what to An Raid T. "If vou will do lust as! tell vou, will tell you wnat to ao. me uexi time you sit down to feed this little boy, when he has got through he will knock the dish out of your hand." Said I, 'Lean him against the chair, A n. nr an xr nna w ( Tl in Vilm orn fr XTfWtT Wnffc. pay no attention to hini whatever." She did so. fche little fellow stood there, looked at her, watched her; then he would look at the basin and the spoon, watch his mother, and look at fhn hanin And t.h snorm aain. Lv and bv he ivnf rlnmn and drnnt ftlnntr t h flnnr and p.l imbed up to the chair, and then set the basin on the. table, and crept until he cot the spoon and put it on the table. He never tried to knock that dish out of her hand again. Now she; might have whipped him and injured him, as a great many would have done; but if they know what to do, they can correct the child without : vio ' ' r": lenee. - ' To be continued I: - , ' ' ' ':- NOTES AND NEWS. The ladies of Missouri sent a Delegate to the funeral of Senator Morton,1 with a shaft of surmounted by a white laurel and dove; from whose beak depended; a wreath of smllax and ivy, and the motto, "A! slight of the gratitude we bear to one who was the unswerving advocate of Woman Suffrage,"- The offering was made 'by MrsI Fran-- : cea Minor and MrsPhebe Cozens, of Missouri. ! ivy-leave- s, tea-timon- lal France. The resignation of the ministry has at length been accepted by President . Tbey will, however, retain their port folios until their successors In office are qualified. In the Chamber of Deputies, after stormy : speeches by Due de Broglie and M. Qambetta, the E'eetoral Inquiry BUI was voted by vm to Mac-Mah- on. 