1V0 M A N 172 TIIE EXPONENT. WOMAN'S LULA. GBEEJTE IUCilAItDS, i Ed Horn. S iE XP 0 ;N:B:jSf T V the Quorum of the Twelve, presiding JJIshop,; Edward Hunter, and many High Priests, Elders and Bishop?, and a large congregation of the saints were there assembled to worship God in a Temple erected to His Most Holy Name. ... The spirit of the Lord was poured outupou them in rich abundance, and the sermons delivered upon that occasion were replete with wise instructions and counsel, suited to tho condition of the people at the present day, and great power rested upon those who spoke and prayed, and good order prevailed. Elder J. T. D. McAllister was elected president of St. George Stake of Zion by unanimpus vote. The saints in that country have had much to re, bat the Lord is bl essi ng them above others, in that they have a Temple completed into which they may enter to worship God, and call upon Him, and where they can minister for the living end the dead. We are indebted to the '"Deseref News"-for information in regard and; the Conference at St. George. T ' in Salt Lake City, Utah. one one copy six months, t&OO; Terms: Qne copy ycaiy ' Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising 1.00. rates: "Each square, ten lines of -- nonpareil space, one time, $2.00; per month, $3.00." A liberal discount to ' ; ' ' ' regular advertisers. Exponent Office, corner f South Temple, and First East stt ceil, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Address all business communications to TuDlishers Woman's Exponbst, , v SaltLake City, Utah. v. . 7 raWIehed aemi-monthl- y, : ': , SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1877. i "IMJSEA This passajge, of Scripture will apply to the work now laying before women to accomplish, and they will find thatit will not do to stand still and wait for some one else to do, but everywhere - bQrearnest in the : work ...before., them. It has been often remarked that there is too much talking among women, but in the ssity for ""present ay ihe re seems it. Mfo do wore and talk lets," is another favorite phrase of many, but to add works to preachlDg is better. Women have many things' to do and it is positively necessary to do a vast amount of talking, as well as brain, and head work. Executive ability is in good demand, but there is hardly a premium ; , tobenecf now-a-day- for it. s, "' ' i Talk to the purpose is perhaps applicable, but talking of gome sort has evidently got to be done; and as men hare not time to do all the talking, women must do some of it. "In season and out of season, in tlfe house and by the way,"In every place where good can be accomplished, women should he willing to bring into requisition all the talents they possess to bring about the good Jesuits for which they are laboring. It will not do to be too sensitive to criticism; it is verv evident there is some real work accomplished by women or the public would not be making such a noise about the woman cause. Wherever any material good is effected there is always opposition. The work now being done among women is something really wonderful, and while the real benefit Js apparent there is little need to care for what VMadamo Grandy" says. Above all. should the earth the Latlrday-Saint- s bo earnest and. zealous, in seasjn and out of season, they have the greatest purpose in laboring. To lay a sure foundation for themselves and children, that they may not be left without resources when the judgments of God shall come upon the nations and when Babylon shall fall. "There is no danger of saying or doing too much in a good cause, started in the right direction. The women of Utah aro moving forward to establish and sustain every department of home industry, manufacture and improvement, that is, or can bo made practicable for women. They not only talk, but work, and add faith lo works; and may God also add His blessing to every earnest endeavor. wq-inenj- on TWO DAYS MEETING AT ST. U GEORGE. ys Previous to the General Conference a to appointmeeting was held according ment in the St George Temple. President Brlgham Young, and his Counselors, eleven of two-da- GENERAL CONFERENCE AT ST. " GEORGE. This year a jpeiv epoch seems to have pruned in the history of tho church cf Jesus Samts7 and tlieyjhaye" Christ of Latter-daheld their General Conference in a Temple built and consecrated te God and the administrations of the holy. priesthood uprn the earth. The two stands opposite each other, were occupied by those bearing the priesthood of the order of Melchizedec and Aaron. In the first stand Fat President Brigham Young, his counselors and the brethren of the Twelve and some others. In the opposite one Bisbof) Edward Hunter and some other Bishops. President B; Young opened the conference by giving outthe hymn. Pi evident D. H. Wells offered the dedicatory prayer, the choir then sang, "High .on the mountain top a banner is unfurled.71 The Conference was then addressed by Elder George Q, Cannon and President Brlgham Young. The combined choir fang ''Audit shall come to pass in 'days." In the afternoon of the flrt day Elder Joseph F. Smith, and President John W. Young addressed the congregation, after which President Brigham Young said he desired to preach in terms not long but loud. In all our deal we should do unto others as we would have others do unto us. The Choir tang "Oh praise the Lord all ye nations." The second day of Conferenue in the morn-iu- g BUh and EUer Wiiford WoodElder C. ruff addressed the people and Elder George Q. Cannon read a long JJst of names of missionaries appointed to different localities. Some to Europe, tome to the United States and some to Arizona, after which ho made a few remarks and President Brigham Young said to the Conference, that the purer the Latter-daSaints were, the greater would be the rage f the wicked but the lets would be their power to persecute. The choir sang, "As the hart ' panteth after the water brooks." In the afternoon of the second day of Conference, after the usual regular exercise's, Elder George Q. Cannon read another list of names of missionaries who were called to proclaim the Gospel In different parts of the world and fourteen Elders whore mission it was to study the Spanish language. It Was also'moved, seconded and unanimously-carried that the Belief Societies throughout the Church take a mission to raise silk and do all In their power .to clothe themselves and their famillep. y the-'las-t C y Elder Cannon also presented the authorities of the Church who were unanimously sustained by vote of the Conference.. Elder Frank-li- n D. Richards, and Elder Erastus Snow occupied the afternoon, at the close the choir sang "Behold O God, our ehield and look upon the face of thine anointed.'' S:'r Conference, Sunday morning third day Elder Brigham Young Jr., and Elder John Taylor addressed the congregation. President Brigham Young spoke to the Conference on the subject of union. He announced that the seats of the congregation would be reveled and Bishop E iward Hunter would administer the sacrament. Elder George Q. Cannon presented the' names of seme more missionaries. Sunday afternoon Bishop Edward Hunter first addressed the Conference, he was followed by Bishop Edwin D. Wooley; then President Brigham Young said "we will adjourn this. Conference from this house to the New Tabernacle in Salt, Lake City, commencing at 10 - o'clock in the mor sing of October six t h next;- The choir sung "How beautiful upon the mountains," the congregation then arose and sung, ''The spirit of God like a Are is burning. Benediction pronounced by President Brigham Yoifng asking the b?esslng of God upon all there assembled, and the good and honest in heart all over the earth; that the spirit of God mlghTr gels might visit it, and all who ministered there for the living and the dead might feel the holy influence of the power ot God. HOME AFFAIRS. We have nceived the pamphlet publia bed by A. M. Musser, and O, F. Whitney, in Columbia, Pa. on Mormonbm and particularly explaining the principle of Plural Marriage. We would recommend it as valuable to the reading public of Utah as it brings many good, and wholesome arguments in favor of that peculiar institution of Marriage. Mrs. M. E. Randall had a juvenile entertainment in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Thursday and Friday evenings Cilled The Floral and Little Old Woman's Concert, Her pupils who were all quite young did credit to themselves and their tiaining. The principal feature was the Zephyrs, which "consisted of thirty pupils, all at once chanting forth the Lord's prayer. We are pleased to be able to announce to the public that the Trejtisp on Silk RaUiDg i now ready for tale. It gives those who 4csire instructions, from the formation of the eggs, thtouh all the variom stages to the spinning of cocoons. It describes minutely all the particulars, and the information has been collected from the most reliable sources and i radical experience of persons engaged0 sericulture. Silk Association have compiled this pamphlet very carefully for lb benefit of those who are uninformed in these matters, and every item ha been carefully arranged. We recommend it aa invaluable, for; it contains the real and positive facts briefly stated and adapted for use. AH Relief Societies should supply themselves with a suffl cient number, as they now 'have the special of mission of by unanimous vote the General Conference. The pamphlets on Silk Culture are for sale at tho Woman's Com mhsion House, price ten cents eachf ' .J It is now clearly demonstaled that a.superior of quality of silk can be made of the elements Utah. We were shown specimens7 of the mo excellent quality and colors of stein and flc33 The-Deser- silk-raisi- ng et 