. TTnliletbe :irrea wretched of all clasles tend and in which pov. erty ifiTseen at all periods; the towns of the interior are generally free from any considerable share of needy people in prosperous times, but a change has come over the landjand men who a year ago would deem it a disgrace to ask for assistance under any circumstances, are absolutely famishing for the ordinary necessities of 1 i fe. Mechanic?,5 tab, men in rc cei p t of wages vary ing frofn ii50 to $3.50 per day at the opening of the Centennial year are how. reduc3d to the verge of pauperism, anxious to earn fifty cents a day if they" can get anything to do. - ! MEETlNq CF THE DISTRESSED, They talk easily of iheirl distress and no longer make any effort to hide their poverty, and at a meeting of their number held the other night, asking the city authorities to furnish and bread, some sad stories them with-wor- k were related. The pitiable pictures presented at their homes are touching, and in some instances would wring tears from the most callous heart. It is a sad spectacle to see a bro-- ; ken spirited husband in the midst of his little, feeble family for which :he is unableto provide bread, even though their appeals are like so many daggers to his heart. The patient mothers invariably seek to stifle their own grief, and whenever I have called they have endeavored to hide the poignant features of their sorrows. But the wan face, and prematurely old and haggard looks have told a story that the eloquence ef the sweetest voice, coqld not gainsay. It is remarkable how patient in most cases the women have tho wn themsel ve s wherever I have been." . In , the fame horn s where despairing men raved, incoherently and cursed corporations and the. government, as well as their own bitter fate.there was an air of quiet resignation and meek submission on the faces of the women, that was truly heroic It is the fact that women endure more in any great ordeal and endure it better. Where a burly man will go bowling about with a big sorrow, showing t 'to his neighbors, a little woman will set her face against fate and hide it in ber breast. The sorrows that kill men only bring out the sweetest, noblest natures of , . womeu. ' INDUSTRIES IDLE. Various iudustiies of the city are idle, and will continue so for-- ' many months to come. The extensive iron and steel works of the Lackawanna Ircrf and Ooal Company, upon which the poor of Shanty Hili, a thickly populated portion of the city, are dependent for the means ef support; have suspended, opera-lio- n until the 1st of Matcli, and, as a conse- quence their employees, who at the best f times found it a difficult matter to sustain" themselves, are fairly dismayed and disJiejTrt, ened at the gloomy prospect. Pincbingpallld poverty sits by many a fireside to day, and the indications are that the coming Christmcs will be the saddest ever experienced in the anthracite ccal regions of Pennsylvania. r , . c ; ' , ; THE, BITTER COLD. The recent heavy fall of snow and; accompanying bitter cold have made th situation felt more keenly, and the ecantily clad; and starving people are reduced tq the", lowest depths cf despair with not a glnglqay of tope in the immediate future to light' their footstep along the dismal 'at d weary way.: The coal industry, too, has recently been; falling off, and in many of oar settlements mining' has" been suspended altogether. Mtrvbants and small dealers who were wont to ecoourage the miners and !!abojew fiqm time In im(twilh Cffaltt, are compared to refuse thera now for , -- ; 'rVlf OMAN Sv.E XPON'PT. :117 their and this superadds, to their sorrow and intensifies the bitterness of .been cas t frut froniam ong t h e vorl d but the Lord has been with us ,and will continue to be if we are faithful. "Many of 'you sisters' will soon pass through the veil and meet your husbands, what a joyful meeting that will be. The Lord is very'merciful to U3,and looks over raany of our weaknesses; and the best way is forqsjtb be prayerful and do bur dafy in all things, both to tho living and the dead. The judgments of Qod are being1 poured out upon the nation you have only to read t He news to be will be calamities'awjTjitjitnem this, year, and they will still grow worse; but the Saints should for the work of God is progressing, - rejoice an d the righ teous will go onwa rd and build a Temple unto the Lord, and His glory will rest upon it for He has promised it. You widows may ask what can wo do? Why you can prepare ,to meet your husbands behind the veil, and let your wills be swallowed up in the will of God; we havo got to do it before wTe can come into His presence. Pray m the Savior prayed, ho prayed alTd wept too. Call your families together to pray, and observe the Sabbath day and not speak evil1 of your neighbors. We all have fallings, but there is a balm in the gospel for every ill. , Ccep tho Word of Wisdom, and observo the duties of today, and not let the sun go down before we have faithfully fullfilled our daily du; ties, thus we will bo saved each day. I exhort you to do theso thingg,'so that you may meet your husbands and Fathei4 in heaven.; This is my besf wish for you in the name of Jesus. Brother Riser said: I am pleased to meet n with you on this occasion. It is our privilege to meet together Often, for we needfbr-jj-to be reminded of things that wo would otherwise; our vision will bo extended if wo live in the light of the spirit of the Gospel." There Is a crisis near at hand, and felfi-protectio- n, their cheerless and Free Press. unhappy; lot. Sunday ; A WI DOW'S PARTY. S. L. , ; 1876. CIty, July, j . 16th Ward. Opened by singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Prayer, by Bro. Riser. Sinking, "Wo thank thee, O God fof a prophet." Bishop Kcsler then made remarks, expressing his pleasure in meeting with a company of this kind. All pres. ent are widows with but one or two excep. tions, and yet hot- - over halfof trTOsT who reside in the ward are lion. He had never met on an occasion of this kind before and it brought a great many reflections to his rnind. Mviuy . of the partners of these sisters had stood by his side and labored for the cause. of Zion. The Lofd "has a great work to do in this dispensation; He called Smith to do a mighty work. These joseph Husbands, when living, spent a pbr. sisters tion ot their lives in this loj,;jGcLJihs.. se.t up His kingdom as Daniel saw, and the honest in heart are being gathered froin all portions of the earth, and great is the work m-'m- . to be. performed in connection- - with our dead. The wicked,, will' bo wasted away and cut off from the earth, and some of thera are our relatives by blood, 'and they cannot be brought out of prison until they have "paid "the uttermost farthing."" To look at this in one way it seems hard, yet, if we view it in another light,5 it is all right. In iNoah's day the re61e would ot accept the gospel and .weredestfoyed,?. but Jesus went and preached to them: in prison, show-linthat there is an opportunity for pardon after death, providing the unpardonable sin Ve can also be has hot been committed. baptized for our relatives as far as we can trace their geneaology, And there will be; a great work during, the Millennium. And my sisters your husbands have gone to perform a portion of this work. Bro. Brigham has said When the Temple is built, angels will come to it and bring the names of those who wish us to be baptized for them; then we shall know who are willing to obey the gospel and we shall- in reality be ."Saviors on Mount Zion. What a blessing it is that we havo the privilege to gain celestial glory. All will not attain it, because they will not accept the terms; but all will get a reward r according to their works. I rejoice that tho day has come for the Lamanitos to obey the gospel; and he hoped the day would soom :ome ;when oar enemies would have no jroWer over tho saints. to have a We have met together - social party and to bo instructed, We all carry ah Influence with Us wherever we go eitherifbr good or evil, and we should set an example in everything as Saints of God and. comand bind up the broken-hearte- d fort those who mourn; it is our duty to do it; and riot seek to pull each other down, and then trample upon r the ,: weak and fallen. I can realize our surroundings to some extent; the evil spirits are:trying,,tO jeadus from the straight and narrow path, and decbyus from our duties and they will continue to try until we are tried as Abraham was; he . i g ! ; et ' already men's hearts begin to fail, them, the "world has gone to the extreme With wick, edness, aridJunless we are faithful we will not be prepared for what Is coming. He related considerable of his experience both before and after embracing the gospel, and boro a faithful testlmbny to' Its truth, and tho healing power which he had seen manifested. Said he never regretted the step he had taken in obeying the gospel. The prize of eternal life is boforp the Saints and if we pursue the path our Bishop has marked but, we shall be" able to meet our faithful friends who haye gone before us. I ask God to bless you all in the name of Jesus, amen: ir Benediction by Brother Riser. All present then partook of refreshments which had been 'bountifully 'prepared for ' this special occasion, and the season spent of peaceful enjoyment. together wTas one ' The company then adjourned to meet ; ; to-da- y arain, Cumberlasd t' Sarah ' - Sec'y. : ! .1 Tq1, H : tried as close as was posiiblp for who making, m AKEUs:Those bobbins for' la'co wish to purchase can obtain them by sending orders to Mrs. E. 3)avis, ' Woman's Commission House," S. L. City. BroT Crompton ; a bobbin make r from England, will be ready '.'to;' fill all Or- der3 at a loHvi'figure.; : , mor- tal to endure; have any of us been tried equal to that? Tho. Savior was tried, Ho C went through tho most trying, ordeals He Wa3 a wanderer on the earth, and he passed through these trials in poverty; but as Jaul said if in this HfQ only we havo hope, wo arc of all men most miserable" We have . e lace ; , Was 1 Anna Dickenson seems ,fo havo been warmly applauded in her recent appraneoin St. Loui-J- yet Khis jethe ' upon vprnlv cririci"::d bv ncWPapei Journalists; they havo ah idea that hv Is toomuch herseii, ana tjqes not 'iv ;.M4-.ig- , 9lent.Uram:iti(; effect. , w 