I into these sacred marriage covenants, were" wo- music, by Prof; Careless set to the hymn of men of strong individuality;: Women who held Invocation "O my ather j also a Sabbath T the-themselves too sacred io descend tp i level.; ThT Hymn, and "I saw a mighty angerfly Editor. Miiftlmal. Tiramntlri and Editorial ??ntf of marriage such as exists in modem society;: M is women of such axalted ideas of virtue and A to the culspecially interesting. It adapted Published In Salt Lake 'City Jjjah: , UhVsamev ture , ihLdema'nded of music ahwngTthe young people for chastity that Terms; One copy one year; $3.00; one copy fibc months, v of life from the opposite sexi Ih fac they whnsfl hnnofir, It la lnfffnoea. 1.00." I Ten' copies for ;tho price of nine. AdTcrtifllng i ' i . were of that s t rongm In d ed Pii ri tanl cal race of rates: .'Each square, ten lines of nonpareil, space, :pne The Utah Musical Bouquet is another mu." ' New who inherited Englanders, Independence A to discount. literal ; time, 2.00j per month,. 13.00., sical publication by Day nes and Son whose tal' ubf character to sufficient tl emergency TJi(! , regular, adertl eers ' ... :y rr i ent for music arid its cultivation is so widely were the marof corner South: of and taught principle patriarchal 'Exponent Office, .Tenplc yirst Known, xnis numoer contains some oeautirul and they comprehended it In its fullest East stieete opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 riage v v v WUV 111 VUl KJIlllV VT. vjivr a.m. iq5 jmCTery day except Sun4aj,"l,,J;. Jl ' J and highest sense, as i t appealed to Ihe higher ' tn miiftf A now mn. epf. JMrrmrm tivmna f.r.- : moral: and spiritual-naturAddress all Business comrniaiicalldns .'r-v-'Vj'I'V:"- "Publisher tVoMi'fl'ExrdNENirVvi' ' grounds they accepted its conditions, knowing son and music by Day nes and Son, ; : j1 Salt Lake Iratjrtftiifcthat it would eventually, more than repay the Citizens of Salt Lake seem drifting into the sacrifice of the world's good opinion. if they could but suffer and be strong. ui uuicr uiuca ju rearu io summer reiiuui sorts. Several have built country houses for Ve do not believe in ..destroying iny of the summer use in healthful localities or near PATRIARCHAL MARRIAGE. properties "of our God given natures; bu t in springs considered beneficial. Others camp out disciplining and cultivating all the holy affec in the canyons or seek lodgings at the various Knowing tbat he order of marriage existtions, and emotions which will prepare v& for ing here, furnishes one of the popular subjects, the society of angels, and to 4 well with celes jocai iioieis wiiicu nave peen ouiic in tnese of journalistic writers, and haying read some mountain passes for the accommodation of tial beings., God gave to woman (he blessing or these articles written bv nerfions MnnnnnnTn. V travelers. : .' ":?f 'UwJ.-of maternity, and an abundant capacity for fo.vr we ted with the subiect. nrorjoso to offer n " " love: not that she shonld be forever barren: not " The Salt Lake Theatre has been opened Ideas as briefly as possible, believing it is con- that she should Sacrifice her womanly instincts the past week and some very celebrated plays sistentrfor her- for unholy purposes, bu fcf or th e- -f u llerrpei feet fmvfr hpprrirfnrfil-MfM-TlnaA"I!tInir " v u AVVUV own ueiense. J)J WVILU ing of herself, and her love through the powers actress has and been performCelestial Marriage, as the- Latter-dapleasing popular Saints of motherhoods "Rose "Miss Sarah Moulton term it, means something more than the simMichel," ing Plural marriage elevates woman, by develop- and each of these characters Macbeth1 "Lady ple condition of husband and wife,as that relaing more perfectly the sentiments of true' love, being represented in a natural and graceful tion is understood by the modern world; it em- than any other marital relation, for its aim ttoa tf Anlnim trflAa in lie rrinonf. style. Miss Ey tinge la one of Salt iTake's fav- " and bearing is. contin ual ly toward a higher orites, we believe her engagement here for the elation, and eternal progression: this is what life; and it enjoins the keeping of, a higher T Is comnrenended bv thnsft . pntpr IntnV fhla. present is Gioseu. www whn a or Jaw&vJN one but and high ed The Ladies Excursion to Lake Point Thnnv :nWoroer:orjnatrim VIth Mormon women j the design of these1 covenants to endure the uay.Aug. y, waa a.very enjoyable auair. TUe wives so which horrifies i thei, world , but i t trials' and temptations which are incident Wa many day was fine, ,the lake was sufficiently calm it is tho goal to- be attained,- the! promlee and placid and the5 bathing was fraly delighW nipner SDiriLufti pvp nr.mpnr.. 'i'nA,otiifli tt. to me coveuantr-wnje?,reacnes lar ful. isi ot withstanding tho i party wai a reiT isung circuinsiances which are, consequent up'' J n urn inrn t lin Ann n lnn n on me reiaiionsnips ana obligations of plural.. jarge one, me enjoyment was not lessened, for and stretches hackwaTd to; the Yed'emption of the and clothe marriase expand all seemed determined td- - enjoy ' it to the ut soui, itwith . " ill Jjv'nrl wuu iu3auu til. me iuvn ucitu, wunoui the Christian graces of character which make uwayi saving most. The bo wery was very pleasant and corny ordinances. This is the dispengationj in which life beautiful and honorable; patience, the hearts of the fathers are to be turned to lh refreshments at the hotel or nn th tnmr gentlenes?, forbearance, meekness uuu me me emmren uearta to tne ,oi tuiiurcu, and above all Generai fJarfield. ' if qch credit is due to the charity which helps one to fathers.;; These are the ambitions which stimlove her neighbor as herself. These virtues ladies committee who had charge of the exenr. ulate the saints to endure hardships, ignominy must bo practical in the lives of those who ful- siori; jor Jheir siiipcest rac.t and management. . rt nut andlhe world's disgrace v The: world judges tll it me mi These baths are wpndei fully exhilarating, and I responsioimies wnicn ce.'estiai j mar Mormon women! from their, "own: standpoint, does not It riage implies. narrow, but widens dellcatepersons orInvalid should avail and had they no more laudable ambition than woman's field for usefulness, bf the present cheap laihoad fares. the world have;they would be Just as wretched The very genius and spirit of the age is in TifE as they Imagine them' to be; but 'they have a Woman's Commission House" ha; with the, cry of woman, for recogni keeping ' been aim in view," and live for a higher pur- undergoing some change in the arrangegreater ner of tion side of the man. What position by ment of goods etcy all of which it fa expected pose; and in ortler- - to rise; above all things it Is Its purport? It is the consciousness in wo ' v will be an advantage to the institution. Tber is necessary to descend beneath all things.', man everywhere, if even a latent 'park of her woi-Ihave divided1 the store in the centre and tilj does not understand the Mormon The inherent divinity lingers, tbat the hpurjs lias-- ; the assortment of goods beloneiner to the store Sisters) they stand as' a ' race Unprecedented In vueu me curse win oe removed "Thy icuiug previously.ls on the south side of the lanre and . history ;r an. enigma to their'contemporarles; ' desire shall bo to thy. husband and he shall, r but their history, is' being written imperishably side Ja filled with f epaci6us;min:abd'the rule over thee." What is the burden of this from Provo woolen factorv. for whole ' in their works; they1 nave not baly assisteii in 1 goods and what are "the signs of the times?' cry, bri5f.' sale ahd detail which will pioneering and foundiuir a now terrltorv In a "JJehold the bridegroom cometh go ye out to desert land, but in usherihff in a new snrfiAt many customers to the establishment wht win meet Jhim lltJilor monwjomnreracUcayyx, and religious dispensation. They have rnafu- patroniie thelVomanl Store , by pnicbaslpx the questions which will result in a solving from its Variety stock. ThU store has been el- tained their integrity and demonstrated their more of life. complete purity tabiished and sustained for the sake of encoar- sincerity, ; heroically, yet unassumingly, ; by sustaining practically the principles of pltjraf and manufactures, aa aging HOME who All AFFAIRS. advance new ; light upon t'r object which should rail far th anMrUl atten- marriage. tion of all who,. desire the; future welfare w,. - A Woman's Victory; Miss Ida Cook 'has Zioiii ' It is to be from the masses: it is one of the, fixed laws of hoped the slaters will, not Jet ;) been elected "Superintendent of District that old inveterate tyrant custom; and more': ineir mverast In this institution flar. bat es Schools for Cache Count'. especially is this the case, when traditions and every effort possible to make it a complete fuc v are Elder A... II. Mussmi "requests us to cor- cess..; convenuonajuies swepaway andlA:new ,:.'. il2y? .V.uy'.. rect an unintentional error of nura In our last phase of things presented, without permission", Deserct Deserct SltK Assocr ATrn of the "powers that be.',' Mormon women Isjue respecting the printing of pamnhtets. etc Silk Association met at the Firemen's Hal! have borne much for their religion; they know Elders Ionard Pickel, J. W Glass and W, C. Mrs. Zini' J). Young presidici-Friday in what estimation tho world regards them; Staines most liberally aided; in their publicar Mrs. Vpung said she had found a home CUT. tion.. . He would ba very sorry to have them they. also know: that God has spoken from for ket aljf the resled 6if we anld make. Oar hcaveni and trub to;tlio UivinUy of their think their patronage wag so soon forgotten. numbers were ! ucrcaaing every year and trees to conVluer:-,- , , thpvffltoon -- Tut: ArauST number of the Utah ' Musical were being planted, all over the Territory ' uvu ri Times contains much that h p!easin Now' wherever- the .climate. w.qu!4 ; permit theni ta " ; J ! -- ; icml-matW- j? z.-- purii . i ; i . : ; - i ' ; M W JL i e; - ; . 7 .v 1 .. , ... 0 ....... womatfs-voieeto-tcheanl-i- w -- 4. T y -- . . ; - . A v W m . m i , pure-mind- 1 ; -- at-tacn- ea , . n : TT " ' r .l long-sufferin- g, ; tht - . ; them-selv- es : ! , ? d r ! , r t t ; : : nome-induBtil- ea " . 1 -- ; A ' A ?' . N.-,- The : j .' ; n"a-tnr- o. : . . . i ,:.',.' v . 4 - 