' 59 ;A TRIBUTE. . lovinir heart Upoo the altar of my ever briarbt tho holy filial Art! " Burns lives. Nought can extinguish whllo my mem'ry Tbou good and noble! I did love tbce.wel Hrr " And bonor'd tbeets subject did, , Tbou wert tho Idol of my childish days, ' supreme; Andia my Infant heart you reten'd TnO Drigni pamtuwr eiar n uwv i , Shed warmth and sunlight on my daily path! . o'er , When tbou Jrert absent bow I counted . L ere tbyrcturn-r; Tbodajs that must elapse AU nature seem'd to me jo slti and Watt, ' And watch, and wait lor thee; no' life appeard To myyouDf epirit In the things of life - ; . r old Ilome! When thou wert absent front the-dea-r The sup, though shining, seem'd not half so bright As whenheld beneath thy voice .of love!; Tby foice so musical and Its tones so sweet; U Thyiorn so noble,BeftutIful and good; Bcsfcfe king, thou wouldst his compeer bcenr Beside an. honest man, his counterpart! . Tb7footetep! years have flown, and yet I shut J Jline eyei andJlsten, and I bear It still! " ' And ail the language that it ever Poke Thine eye! when that shone out approval Twas my "'exceeding great reward," and. when ; It looked severe upon me, the great deep Of my heart's fountain, then, was broken up; ; And ai l grew this strengthen'd with my strength, And if I wrote, it was that be might read, And his approval all my guerdon was, And all th' applause my heart or brain did crave; Ho in my heart was oracle and judge. aJdng;,., . an ineto in heightpho entire- - lengthorthe semicircle is formed. Over this thero is.a curious compound,, of water which has , - : r ness Uiat .cha'terizjesjih" ( : e ' 11 st's , ' ' ... t J9URNEYING : ". TOpDisPW homejbur 7as:Robilho has seen descripi tion.will bo of another a.deer,niy character; .lAIl tho boys have left me to watch the camp, white lhe?.r? a,Vi8it t0 th0 ve aad as I have pleasure; I will endeavor to tell you .what they may expect to see. v ln the the , road enqircling the, mound hich marks tho situation .of. the- cave to be formed of a crayon-whitdustj but soon;th0ihard-rattlof the wneej and closer inipection show it to bo composed p! a substance equal In color and brittleneW 0 ''adamantino marble? on which the toce , - e i ' ca"ia in s turn equaled iCl?.f mQ from th trees , i s only . exterior possossions. Youn&n 10 doping and fru8trato"tho designs of rArchi-- j medes; and all taken together-t- o afford a safer retreat to i Captain-- Jack against, the Uuited States'entire armyv:: And aUseems ; once to have; been: a green; and luxuriant j forest; changed by petrifaction in a, massive , rocky mound, perhaps :I am .wrong, for I have not heard the, statements .of philqso. phy pn. these curiosities, I can give none , other opinion? but my' own. rFrom betweeh the ridges, ior youri inspection, I have been pleased to gather specimens of pieces of petrified branches, leaves and stems, and. ;which are so perfect in preservation, and likeness to nature, that you will not think my opinion so 'great , an Absurdity, that the boys are no bn top ofa ! petrified forest Please haVq th&'patience. to follow the boys is rintorthe!caVeSM j as h one which the'; feeling;11 possesses crawls down the dark and glooniy hole,and dreadful it feels as he reaches the bottom, ' abotit 20 fti, but When the candles are lit, the gloom and darkness disappear ahd in-- : stead of a feeling of dread, one of "sublim-- . ity and awe iwssess a person as he looks ; upon curiosities: not surpassed in the stat-- j uary departmentrof tho Zoological Gardenso . - , . , . 1 1 fkuz,,( its natural; liopcdio bo able to 'send you a kcScfip? (ion of the deer hunt I've been dreaming left- - only onq who rderrnt tho r From tho . excited. 8,do. c.f jho semicircle, anq 1 tificatiorithatwould" - compariso.ns,T but really the; interior of the cave is grand. It is rectangular in form, j with no sharp pointed rocks, nor scrpentino cracks to fill thq.pbscrver with fear, but all is as regular! as though t ihad 1een con- -' triyed WAq haqd of art V Inside" tho fbr- . J mationrcorrpondsH tho ends of small hanging, branches 'at tho "topj? of the cave, drops of water seem to have1 accumulated and all "petrified; lrom an oval " 8hapediiang6 ; of rock! along the entire" length of the roof; directly below, the first, ' is another layer which 13 larger. Between tho layers, on the poin trf 6f what appears' to be minute branches pointing out in 'little I rjuhd drops havo' bcenl formed.j Jn thol crevices ' between "which! can bo seen ah driglrfal whitenessrcoritraKt' ing with tho sinoky walls. These ranges extending from one end of tho cayo to the other and spangled betweenas it wero with ; dew drops vary in size from a few: grains: to stones, weighing: ton?. 'An occasibnalj. cradk int th ceiling 'lets? iri lights which1 coming ia con tact with 'tlio dimly illuml-- r nated darkness 'produces a light of calcium which tints the pure white rock, with a pink so delicate, as to add, beauty lwo-folJo the scene-ltwa- s in tho glaro of bnoof : " 1 every-directi- on- - : : d the drinking, another .:'V f" ' ' Joe. 'l tupis 7 -- - Ot course Iexaggerate.in my ' 1 aboutsinoel ' s - 1 NOTES By THE WAY. 1 Ca3sar ? : "t ; . . ihjfdior , For thev to him were stars of destiny; But afl Is right with him; he was on earth All that a righteous man has scope tobe, In this probation, where the bounds areset; lie walked according to the. light he had, . , , And God, of men or angels, asks no more; lie has a future! a great, grand future, ' ; And the inspiration of this filial lay Is, that I might twine, his honor'd uamo ... Among the Saints of latter days, knowing ' His place is with them, and a day shall come " When be shall rise and stand among their ranks. And she, who was the partner of, his Jife, ; - vl Worthy, and most beloved by him, his hand Shall hold, and lead forever his endow'd, Ills chaste, and most obedient wife.' In ' ' Vision I behold them! good and noble ' pair; Redeemed, baptized, endowed, accepted Saints, United Btanamong the serried ranks ' Of Saints of Jitter dajs-ChriChurch on earth: And I their cherished child with them one mow. 8. L. City,, Aug. 19th, 1877. 3 another ridge7 Increasing In , size prppof-tionall- y with the inclin farther ujpi is anbtherr and still anbthereach increasing in size as '.It fid rice-- until1 at ' 1 once the curious eyie feasts on the delicate ripplb and the 'massive waterfall. The top' 3J ridge forms the summit of the mound" atid roof of the cave. Here, although the eye of thebbserver Is presented to an entirely different vieW his curiosity is'none the less excited. -- Each ridge seems to fbrm a for-- Since those sweet days, a mighty change nas come He saak, and died, to loeo the ones ho lov'd ? 7jC Icingfglass. i . . ; caused the petrifaction, of flower and sedL ment, and flows in a small ripple; then pass4 es oyer the road with a clearpess and even-- r " I anxiously holding his cup, and the restof us expectantly awaitin g turn. The scene 3 was so dismal, the attitude so natural, tho situation so appropriate, all "so ghostlike, the entire tableau so perfect that it could f not bo surpassed by Mr. Ottinger7on tho . Salt 'Lake Stage." vv : Yours Truly, . - , othr with nsatis faction I ; . r ;e covered with a thin layer of 'water iso clear as to bo distinguishable only tfcy, tlio splash-- -' ing of the horses feet. On? the upper sido oft the road an occasional! flower has formed r a Carrier to the : little sediments which it. , has increased in size until anijormjridge, h ! Tbou iiuforKotten oucl , My noble Sire! - these fights that I was reminded forcibly of Chfef J Vandordecau, with: hisf spectre ship- mates drinking healths lwere all standing under one of those calcium glares one of us pouring a libation (of Soda)n- - r boys, lost in observation, unconscious of havihg'losr th'eTsHadel meio Hhet mound is For the ExpOKEJrr .it - ESSAY ON SELF-GOVERNMEN- T. i IJhink wo as saints might ?to try to am troFburselyes :and all bur" ovilL gov-crnlar- id propensities, because ; if we) cannot control ( ourselves wo cannot control thoso who are placed in our care; I have myself tried to do so,,arid I have gained considerable, and Intend .tdj .continue and atcH myself In ; every thing. 71 ought alsbfo bo' united In1 all things. Jesus has said "If y 0 are not one ye are not mine." Although we may consider ourselves true Latter-da- y Saints, if we are not united1 Ijtt doing that which: wo' arojUught by thoselioi we caBnbt claim to be one. We profess to be ono ill llaitb, onein. baptismrthen-i- n what are We not one? In wordly matters. Have we any thing that' the Lord fhaf hot given unto us? From what other source did we receive tho blessings that wo. daily en joy? We should be truly thankful to Him : for then!.' If we wero united as wo ought! to be,vwo would have more power to do , good for where there is union thero.is. strength. Ho. can at any moment toko from us all we possess, still he allows us to, live on, in obedience or disobedience, which ever path we choose. I Wilblle alwayA be, merely i fut- ?- He has said be swept, from theearf h, if they do not re pent and serve Hinu. He has said alsothat the kingdom shall" not. bb' given to another people, but a 'few will stand firm. and true, to the covenants ther have made with God and each other and will assist in tho ro-- 1 will pnly'do: it.' demption of Zion;but by beinjg willing to make every; sacrifice' for the accomppshment of that is necessary that end. ' .We may have to dp many things ' that are; not pleasant, we' iriust 'not say we; cannot ; ."must say that we wilt serve God1 comb what may, and earn the reward in storo for tho faithful true saints must embrace 'every principle "pertaining to sal-- r ration advanced by tho servants of Gdd, r -- ! - - 1 thatthe-wickedTBhbu- ldr , 4 " 1 - JdH?y- toliypjiinlaccordancef withatho-sam- e. There is nothing too hard for us to do in order , that we may obtain our exaltav tionf God requiresnothing of His children-tha- t they are not able to perform, but wo must be determined and pray for strength: and it will be given usr llet us do obedient - -- to thoso who are placed over us, and .tho Lord wiH. Mess us; and especially let us j carry out tho wishes'- of the President of Mri Society,' and do alllwb can to encouraged her,; and .sustain her .by bur faith and ; 7r: ;..;" lrayers. . . Sisters, let us then bo united, for in Is strength; let us sustain each otherunity, andf devbtb. our titne to tho biifldingup of tho kingomi of 'God, so that we mayhavbHis Spirit at all times is'my earnesfpraVer. . - ' . " 1 ) , i The road to ruin is always kept In good order, and thoso who travel it pay tho ox. pense. . r , . . . . ; . t, 