most eloquent, full of pathos and fatherly counsel, and : if carried, out in the : lives of the saints, would - very soon make us not only -- healthful and weal thy, but fit us .for the society of angels and sanctified beings, Elder Carfington r in his reqoarks'd welt jat some, length7uponshi6n which' o Wtnf He said, was a mythj'h'ei.' Grundy; felt that it was beneath the dignity of a saint to folio w( the fasnions.of JJabylon; fashexhorted the sisters to make their.-owions; said that some of the sisters ; were ahtad of the brethren in many good things. President Wells, Jn the course of his Remark?, paid hp bad long con ceded womauiwas aower in: the earth, and'he hailedthesp organizations of: the sisters as a haibfnger of good results, carrying with it as it did an influence mora manifest than in times past. That woman was an indispensable helpmeet to man, and should occupy that position in all practical wotit in building up the kingdom of God, as well as in spiritual work and exaltation; said that the saints of God should learn to govern f and control themselves according to the laws that govern our being, and the principlesof life and sal va tion. : Elder John Taylor said there were ino're women present than was usual to meet; he alluded to woman's faith j referred to tho counsel which a woman gave to the rich man whom the Savior, told to go and dip; seven times ia Jordan; he felt it was too little & thing, but the woman had faith and intuition, and by listenobedience! ing to her he'was healed through 1 Spoke of obeying the' laws of life and health, to pieserve our lives to he age of a tree, and alluded to the manner in which children ere brought up in the aristocrat famlllcs of Eufppe, and said as saints we ought to be" more particular in the training of our children '.tfiaftVihe people of the world are, and pray God evrto help us. President Young then .gave" some wise and practical Jnstruciipns concerning' the. mission of sericulture, which" had been: given to the sisters, and toldthem it was a way in which they could make; money for- their own use. Talked a little' more about dress; said that our time was all we could call our own, we should have to give an account of it, and therefore we should use it to the best possible advantage, in assisting to build up the kingdom of God upon the earth, Elder Franklin D. Bichards arose" anotnde;:a few closing re- w ;-- tJ&l . i. am-bitio- h, 1 inbffrg! aqajetlipert journed; and to all the isters ho felftike en-tering more fully and earnestly into the work of home industries and helping to become a requestwas made for ihemto rise to their feet; to which every one in'the room W s?r responded gladly; Altogether the day was one of rejoicing, everything passing off pleasantly The good X self-sustainin- g, : : people of Ogden weremost profuse int hospitality to those who came from other: places and there were so many good things eaid" for the encouragement of women in stepping forward to assist In building-u- p Zion, that we" could only wish that all the world could have heard it. Mormon women should surpass the women of the world : in gocd works, for "they are in the enjoyment of the wisest counsel, and it is to be hoped they will carry it'out in their lives and transmit to a posterity 'heritage pf good deeds, more precious than gold br gems.' i ' Editor. .Exponent:-;,- -: ,". : -- Allpw ; ma Strang here in j yp)i rl jeiitf. -- jLieur -- dress-refor- . liicnara lanieis MJrown. cue was oorn way 12tH U&l 1 ; at Itindley Church near Wlgan, .She embraced the gospel In theMauchester Conference, Engv" .:: land, June 9th,' 1850. ;" ' , She was the mother of seventeen children, flrsf. flr Irtnc In Informer. nr1 trtm mkc&. quehtly,. v The ten surviving: ones have all n come to these valleys, and there are . . . mr fifty-seve- tymnilnhlldrfTi - Tf or Tnv h!IHp4n "la fnr-he- knowii by her severe exposures and ardent toil for, their comfort in the midst of her impoverished surroundings and her sacrifices are ' Indelibly stamped with her love and fidelity to her holy religion.' ; Her door hasalways been opened for: the reception of God's saints and servants; and atr six different times she aided her children to go from her parental care to Viaf Innolnr to Zion. In t'h fall of- IRAt father --'"O'O desires were, gratified by gathering with her husband and remaining little ones to the bosom of the church. In the fall of. 1865 they settled In Harrisville, and In April 17, 1863 she joined and was set apart as a teacher of the Relief cie ty organ Izatio n of this place. J r She was in the enjoyment of moderate health to the day of her ' death, which was very sudr den. Her youngest son going to her room t quarter past six o'clock a m., to ascertain t the reason she did not arise as usual, fourjd her dead In bed, her .husband being on a visit to bis daughter in Cache Valley at the time. : 1 bne died as tnougn sne was enwrapt in balmy sleeps and without an apparent struggle; thus passed off a faithful saint, a loving wife and an affectionate mother to sleep In Christ, to await the morning of the first resurrection. The funeraL services were held on Thursday, JuneUth, 1877 The Bishop, his counselors arid a larre concourse of relatives and friends wero assembled at her funeral, and consoling reniarks were made; a very large procession " followed her remains to the grave. Y; v ; Melissa A. SnrnTLir, - ' n -- J Pres't Belief Society. J ; ing sex. and have' the assurance of not having striven, inain. Among the various useful articles and appliances t hayej I purpos making special mention of two, that should come into every .lady snould "con general 'iise! ' Such sider indispensable;' The first- is a 'iHealtb vCoset,,, having a combination of skirt-su- p It is also entirely, porter and shoulder-straps- .whollyfree, from front steels or clasps, so Injurious to females, and n every way a healthful article of dress. ; This corset; supporting', aisl it does the weight of, clothing to, br frdm the . shoulder, is also so arranged as to prevent not onlyTthe weight but heat, so injuriouscaused by so manyjfolds of clothing resting upon' the spineThe Importance of removing both the heat arid weight cannot be loo earnestly advocated; ior' It is these which occasion a we air' ness, often dillicuU to overcome by the most united cflbrts. Thh 'cpr3ett though loosely worn'a'no free from steels, improves the figure, and; is all that1 any lady requires The other. Article preferred td is simply whichmay be worn with or without a corset, and jWhichJs K'inbsV perfect; and. valuable article. It s also incxpenslfc, , an article that every lady will .feel able to avail herself of. Te weightof IptjiiDg is by; thjs article borne' ww- , O- to my suffer r - 1 U-i- sklrt-supp'ofte- ? ; T i at LamberheacI Green near Wlgan, Lancashire, England; married Sept 30th, 1830, - ble, ia iiarnsviiievvarurvyeDerVOunty, xUtah, on Tuesday morniDg;June I2thT1877; of heart disease, Margaret Parkinson, wife of short-comings'- bf " continued.) Died in Salt Lake City, July 3d, 1S77, alter a lingering illness, of liver complaint, Mrs. Ann Edmunds, daughter of Johnathan and Amy Brunning, and wife of Francis Edmunds of this city. Deceased was born in Wangford, Suffolk Co., England, July 29, 1822; embraced the Gospel in May, 1849, and emigrated to Utah in 1868, where she has lived the life of a true Saint. She. was the mother of thirteen children, eight of whom are still living, and eight grandchildren; She has filled falthnallyffoFa number of yearsthe ofllce of teacher In the branch of the Belief Society of the Tenth Ward, and her kind words of counsel and ministering hand will be sadly missed by those wHh whom she associated. Though great the bereavement in consigning her to the silent gravji, we have the assurance that her good works will live after hr. M. P. femsthir : 1! be1 ; . OBITUARY. ".. -- marks; requested nichards, of Weber president County so$eties,that these societies would prepare, of the condition of each soeietyand its financial In terests,to be rea there three monthsironihat time, to which timethat 'meeting5 .was ad- (To iT 1 n - which convey the weight are comfortable and '! of easy adj ustment. f . ' . from, or to the shoulder, a point whereon weigh may safely rest. The broad j easy-fittin- g straps .' ', t beautiful city, to' acknowledge a, very great pleasure recently afforded me at your pleasant and I cosy ofllce that of meeting', by request and my own desire, the several intelligent ladies who" had there assembled to discuss matters ' pertainingto 'health, Its physiological laws, and the penalty of a perversion ?of them. To me the theme has ever been fraught with intense interest, and in importance paramount io aa oiner supjects, especiawy wnere woman is coricerned; and the sad fact thatrwdmen in general gi ve it less Attention than ahy Other, is to me a source of deep regret. Hence, I repeat, my: delight to'find herd intelligent ladies earnr esiiyengagefnthe study of inedlcinei the" various Orgafilcw prevention and cure y Theone seemf rigly S$'gaining all possible usedesire, ful' information calculated to enable them to inaugurate a better system or understanding of the laws of health, so that those possessing it may preserve,, and .those suffering from its loss find relief and restoration, , To find ladies thus Oisefully engaged; truly gratifving in the extrimahifests thetrue noble woman, eme,-and. such; las Thb Aliwise Creator" intended. It is notonly a proof of their comnjfodahle but noble, pure desires, and Interest in the welfare;! of their sex, mentally physically and morally: for if 'health be preserved, the naPRyj possessor is less liable to the many disease physical and meri-ta- l. : A diseased mind is often the result of a diseased body, and the errors often committed can witt', certainty be traced to this the first and true cause; This being the case; how; important that "we seek to preserve and fully appreciate this mo'st' choice of Dressings, health, whicn our Heavenly Father has; vouchsafed us. Jn t n e matter ahd man ner 6 f d ress' alone an d its efiVcts upon health, there offers much fpr thought and, discussion. Many ers'f have earnestly labored to invent and in- toduce certain costutte9,,which they claim to be more healtbful, .at least more comfortable, all bearingmerit;; but for various reasons they have not been 'adopted, except by! ad few. i I have myself given the 'subject much thought; and the result has been the invention "of several articles' and appliances, some of rhich I have bad patented. I have sought to Improve upon those heretofore offered for the purpose, and to have 8U chT as jfould be the m os t perfect possif . ? r,4 " 11 ' ; , , . copy. : ; . ; Josefuine Tavlob, " ;, , ; .,. ;.. ; - .: Sec'y. N.. 1 