W O M A'N.S TiltiOUGH ' - Wheye loved oj?$s waited tyf.W day" For tidings that my willing feet, Were comlngTcomlugi tru'eand fleet.' -- Fell down IBe'softly whispering isnoWr So fair, yet sternly answering np. No gleam of blue soone overhctid, But falling flakes and'sky of lead. r ; While still the'spring days canae and went, ' . And I imprisontd, Beside my casement watched the Bndtf. Heart-hungr- y, sighing still to go;. Gleaning no hope from out the skies; A lark's song sweet and clear did rise. ill-cont-en ! ! -- - No plaintive note, but glad and high, As e'en in sunshine filled the sky. I cou ld not see the bonny bird, But still the promise street I heard, Though yet the flakes fell thick and fast; ; I , Winter Is broken per at last. Since thoUgh irtals 'rbUnd me close, My heart the sweet remembrance holds. Though I the end may not discern, , t Jly.souin trust to llim doth turn Who 6ken sentmybeart tdVarm; OfUgataiid Joy above the storm ' - ' . ; - 1 "AooA'k . CnoctiERov. Joyce lon.. CELSTIALl&IARRIAGE, MW EitA, READING AN EXPONENT. ON OPENING A . EpfTORIAL IN V A LATE - marriagtVnd thisWan-affecr,M- - n 'meas-ur- e oh the5 "rising1 generation who ; are1 riot fairly established In principle more because of the pride of the world- - inherent ItrttlelF mindsjbut neither the unbelievers nor the young sisters themselves appear to lool understanding to the future or eter for-wa- naUesultsof;tiraqtsiu reference they haye thereafter: - I have heading articla Celestial ' rd " Mar-mg- e and the dpening of a new Jiapi.it,?may- be a desubject ayou&i but I 'wish to sa who read this that lHyant Eternal Llfb and to go back to my heavenly-Father- ' and wmdiscusst Uotherjnr Pnoc ples revealed from neavenrincipiea practiced by those who hold the k6y& of the priesthood of God? Yes, I read In the book auJ Fovtnan thr ?KCtflne heavens, and no;;raan t? lfle I that there are thbuTkeing atriacdnal order of Marriage, noiilFZ i s..- , liver His Anointed in the last ddy&: That the God of heaven and the saints may sustain the channel through which wo can speak, is the prayer of your young sis- -- r Asters in Zion, Would it to obo this luw and enjoy a tour 1 1 The Grave of ray, ! ', findreto poet, brio would ihixkst might sweet, so quiet, so peaceful, the fel fgifiUs little church, like a stone sentifiel, keeping guard; and holding it 7 In1 ferfbet seebrily. How 'full of ypu-r-Jenn- June.- .daugli ters Uoiy.yonenfnovv' ,niafe, "; te TqmpletbtisGodl. Te .spirit .plffod Are.'hotthcio-- n minis' . resting ujpoV the i)c6-le.- -" new era to us?1 , Can! 'burVenerrucs binder these greafand mighty eVerits?t'? Tliey cannot. Th qn arise I y ejla ugh te rsl ot Z ion, an d mag-- . callings,1 and realize4 your' bless-ihg- s, 'privileges and power before the Lord; takohold andjear ry oiit tho cou nsels of tho propHets and apostles, by magnifying your positions as mothers and daughters of Zion. br you' hear a man or - woman, Mbrmoh,ridicuie Celestial Marriage or any Of the revelations of God, turn from them, and let'us feel and realize that weare 1he true daughters of Zion - God Is with us, we should feel this in our hearts; Jesus has died for us, ean wedo more? h If by any act of ours, by obeying any commandment or principle revealed to us" , Tiyoi' 1 ie :,f azd Sunshine. 1 4 of tHo:; n'ervbus " ailmcifiFd ''fit Women.: Over work is iof'tiio 'laxru$i..''Vtjrk and h jird work too; U the lot' f of "every5 hi & man who hds a right ook upoii" her life three-fourth- s t' sh'ewould -- -- bb pre- with bbmpladchce,'1 and ; pureu lor ii uy imiurc o &iuuj iiicicucy, n food; sunlight and exercise were dulyf al. IoWedf their effect.' If women ogave their i that : same-car- e 'bodies the give. thdir ' . r thy . r IJ At Juress, , j J wouiu corao me 10 sianuiuxi up iney . f - T j5 . A of their work iiTheyi ought to be nearly Triirnr!Jwi tli ' n J finer anrl mnrewsnn me strenfftli.ut is true: butr tho- duferoncQ .should not be the immense, disparagme.t to Women that itf is;What jthey wapt U .musc!e,o not fat, on their meagre rlipibs, ' which, ought to bo slender,, graceful xmd full qI nerve as thpso of , an;rdb!,.courser.-. Perhaps in finding roundness of figure arid clearness of complexion they find strength, ( and who shall say these things do not lio t( TgethenTBflnsKiiib and air ripen arid fresh.7 en the cheeks of worain as they db fruits iri orchardsmr LeOnet la Will. likb; T!n 11 k Woiribn, spend four or fi,ve ' hbiirs a day in .' the open air, in such exereise''' as ' she can ' find her spirits arid color re-- " bear, slie viVo as brightly as she canHvish. : ' V ui airrrttr-na- t - WpnriimanVrhereih .off our father to .Ilia . - Thq waftVof pfop-e- r food and the sunshlhe is ' the" caiise of Food o; , th es Whichever way s;ou turn you 'England B seem to be met by the ghosts 'of 'buried to Whom you stretch out your arms friends; ' and plead for that closer: campaniodship--th- at dear "relationship which, crossing the sea, it seemed,. should have yielded - matle ter in heart-memori- is!:1 ro . goodness The to Stoko d -- WPPUf PoiIt' sweet-smellin- g -- M - - ; i GRl. TnE Esther. ride of five milcT. from Wlndsw Pogis is .lovely, through shaded English lanes and hedgerows and rural gardens. We did not go to .the village, for that was not our objective ppjnt; it was at the entrance to the churpharoj we that qbn tains the stopped the church-yarth'e one remains mortal which inspired, nis inmor1aJ'f,eIey,,!V ten in sight of it, if not in '."It.; Beside t)io slab which marks the las t, resting-plac- e lqf the pqcf is one wic 'edyers the reniadiis of his mother.5 aii'd it is somgWha singular that, wbile the latter ii bveftun with'Iv that of the poe t is qui to bare;' jpei haj'7ah-dal- s have taken it away: It is h spbt where Wood-ruffivari'd; work.of performingthe ceremonies requires I Oct. 10, .1877. ' - : ter. :i;.:k-L:,J Tho revelations &f ,ptl manifest, to us all who have tho spi rU7 of God 7 i n ou r " Hearts that there is a reat change at our doors; all Israel feel .it, earth and heaven and all t We powers rof darkness feel it, and tho wicked iousi jragalnst (he Lord 'a arp, .stfre.d ahoiriied. , The .spirit 'of revelation is lelt Here in St George wKerp the HoVy Temple haseriJereedj th spirits" of the dead, "hkyo been hovering aHiqusand waiting, bVer :'tfiose 7who ' presido and labor 'in thut holy sanctuary' here, until Apostle otriers h'krveV "been constrained by Ihe spirit of Gbd,--toofficiate Xor (heir de. parted frieudsahd those noble persons to whom' thfe have bee n directed by th e guidance and promptings of these heavenly influences, in the sacred ordinances which pertain to the house of . the Lord. These are powerful testimonies to those who receive them' and clearly prove the manner in which we1 beoirie diVViora upon . Mt. Zion. Not only are men favr.red with these great and sntcred7 blessing "but: wAmeni.nlsa' are saviors of women-'Tlteis mo inequality avetx in ministering for nhh xleadi.iAYoman acts i n her 'Spher as ma'n inc hi5r There-fori4 man nbtfwithout the woman, nor, tho nvbmatt without the man in the Lord,- The - Inasmuch as the women of Utah have an organ through which they can speak their feelings to each other and the world, I feel it a duty incumbent on me to use that channel to express my feelings to the mothers and' daughters of Zion, and bear a testimony to those outside. I was born and brought up in Bah Lake pity, and am proud to say also that 1 was born in the Celestial Order of Marriage.'1 I?am'' quite young yet in years; as- well as ' in the knowledge of the true'' Gospel, 'forv I have not- always made inyreligion a subject - of thought or study,- but thank God my eyes have at last been opened to an understanding of, the privileges andbiessin'gs:'!'" enjoy1 iiibeing numbered among, the Saints of these'last days. I know some' of the 'feelings of my young sisters. ' Wearxvisited here by many outsiders1 'whd sl'om,nand ridicule those who' believVlbVarid'pr'actice ; gs-Avhie- can be exalted In thitf CqlestM kingdom of God with bur father ' mothers, brothers, sisters, husbands and children, receiving a Xujn ess of glory-- t hen Me tithe and the people imagine vain things I" ,Let the prophets, apostles .and saints. have faith ih'(?rwl tinil trust, fri'TTim Thnso.wKn enfur into these holy covenants must trust in God as did the Hebrews and the prophet Daniel; and as God delivered the'm, so will He do r w?e have reference to John the Revelator's vision of "opening the seals." It is . evident to every faithful daughter in Zion, who has the spirit of God, that great events are about totranspiren Why was our beloved and lamented' leader President Irigbam Young, moved upon to go to. wpik and organise anew tho Stakes of Zion? Because of the events; which: awajt ..Zion. and Baby- : r -- ' ha prom-isedUAiira- V.f aimx toMIA mlnnPflffPr PTP9. lApWahiig Bearc Wd the heavenly skies; 83 'Celestial glory Ithaiil to reject -i- tfor-i-tnyi thing frivolous, and lose the opportunity of exaltation? I know it would ; what we s6w we will Teap, if it be;:good sted, the fruit will be of superior) excellence, if sin and evil, weeds thorns and. thistles. God m blessi n each ed 4n to ' endless the ages of eternity, through the of the;Patriarcbial Order of Marpriuciples riage. I am willing to abide this law because I want similar blessings. The ...Lord says if wo do net obey that law we cannot partake the blessings of the new and everlasting covenant. Congress says if wo do obey it, wo shall bo subjebt to their condemnation. Very well , we'll trust in God who has said fear hot him who can only destroy the body but fear him who can destroy both soul and body; the foolish nation may trust in Congress and we will see eventually which is the better part. Tho moves Congress has been making seem to me to THE! STORM. Mybdart kopt sforhlagr ad Had 16w. 71 thorieht of thatfl(neW;.wan , m X P M M T. unbe-Heyer- . -- . ' "A -- Sweetheart is. called a turtle-dov- e, so a coquette must bo a mockturtIe-dove- . r : Never .'cp iii t t h e ' flivor f the ; ricb : by "flattering vices. either ' their vanities or their ' ! ; - - . 