WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. signing plans to get means to respond to tho call made upon them. In Fillmore I found the Relief Society disorganized, the president ha v ing resigned on aeco u tit of ill- heal th.. The sisters withwhom I conversed were very anxious to be reorganized , and 1 0 ha ve a visit fr 0 ra som 0 of tho sis torso f Sal t Lake jQi ty whom takerLac t lye Jpar t i n. promoting and are therefore prepared to give counsel and instruction to those who do not enjoy the same' opportunities. At Beaver and Cedar City we called, and by request left an appointment to hold a meeting at each place on our return homeward. We also called, .at Kanarra; the sisters there were very anxious I should meet with them,4 but the time was too short,and I had no opportunity to learn the condition of the organizations. Arriving at St. Georgemy emotions on first beholding the, .Temple were simiiarto those which have been so often expressed by others of the sisters who have had the privilege of visiting it. President McAllister invited me to meet with the sisters of St. "George inT a gerieral meeting, and gave out the appointment on' tho Sabbath-day, for Monday afternoon. The meet ing was a very large one, and the spirit manifested was one of union and love. The four branches of the Society 'there, were all in good condition, and united' in good works under the energetic presidency of Mrs. Anna Ivin3. On Saturday morning Sept. lo in the Temple I had the pTnasure of being present at the marriage of my son John P. Home and Miss Sophronia Spencer, daughter of Daniel Spencer. During our stay in St. George we had 1he privilege of performing some work in the Temple which we desired, and after having finished these labors satisfactorily we left there Sept. 20, to re- - jiy heW. and I. We're sometimes Bad, my heart and I, old-tifriends,) (My heart and I are And oft when cloud3 obscure our sky, Each unto each confidence lends; And if by chance you happen near, Some strange "confessfons My ' yiprt&rhtnT heart and I tfre special friends? We know eaoh other's-weaknes- too; s Yet for each other make amends For any fault, as friends should do., My heart, (I know with best intent) " " Has wrought me ills it never meant. Yet I forgive my heart, for I Ne'er found a friend, that so loved me; O'er all my faults it doth but sigh, Where Reason would reproachful be; Where even Hope would shake her head. Viewing the future path with dread. Yet no one, but my heart and I, Know what endeavors we have made To build our castles fair and bight On best foundations ever laid; And no one, but my heart and I, a wreck they lie. Know how complete ; i i,: .1:.: .,i Wo don't, repine, my heart and J Failures but teach us how we fell; And if the grapes' wer6 hung too high, do as well Some other fruit-wil- l We thankful glean the golden wheat, And sweet strawberries at our feet. r? . - We once made note, my heart and - I, Perhaps with pardonable pride, Of youth-time- 's charms that pleased the eye, Where now their phantoms only glide, And solace find; for we are told, In heaven wo'll never more grow old. , ' In reverie, my heart and I, Missing the voice we turned to hear, , Have stood beneath the still night-sk- y, Feeling the Influence bov ring near 80 bless'd, that lingring!y we turned Homeward, where cheerful hearth-ligh- ts Oft have we felt, my heart and I, By lonely bed of pain and. fcan . . , : 'lie blessed presence drawing nigh, Bidding our drooping spirits cheer. Behold what faith in God can give, When e'en the dying turn and live. . 1 . burned. : Not even thou, best friend, may'st sha 1 e, The silent vigils that we keep: ven the darlmgs o my prayersp Loosen their clasping in their sleep. None hear, while solemn hours go by, The teachings to my heart and I. Alone, while loved ones gather round, Well fill life's mission to the e, ' when Judgment all have found. Waiting to hear our sentence passed ; .Before tb changeless Judge ahUrb, We two shall stand my heart aDd I. Companion pilgrims evermore. Seeking eternal life to gain; ;, , JTh's sacred vow we jnake, therefore: Jalthf ul in duty to remain, - True to the Father throned on high And to ourselves my heart and I. 7 tura.home -- last-Alon- . S. L. City, Nov., 1ST7. J ,!3: - ... t .....,ru a very great desire In these isolated places, that the sisters from Salt Lake "City should visit them, and impart to them a portion of the instruction received here, where wo sit as it we re u nder tho d roppings of tho s&nct-uary. aryiIHobneu SHABBY GENTEEL. BY MAY MAPLE. . We are all well acquainted with that class of individuals who are known as the "shab. byTgenteelpefsdns who to keep up appearances, constantly live beyond their means, and because they are too "proud" to bear thQ ideVof .bfrjgTclt'aspoorr' They are only in moderate cireumstances-some-tim- os but it does not even not that well-dfmatter; they must; giye jns.tas grand entertainments as their rioh neighbors, ,and constantly ape and imitate the' idress and carin wealth riage of persons far above j them ' and social, position. It is humiiiatiug to note the hard work they will undergo, and stint tnendsyes. privately, in order to'mako a grand public disDlayfeasiino; one night, and then starving ,i)?r the. n6Xt month1 'to ' pay for!such extravagance.; They 'play the host and' lod smiling and happy; but & dit. ferent spirit pejrvdes; iHerjaloit theylkno w too Well the pribe they musTyfior their for a month silly indulgeiice. Short-meal- s would seem a rather high "price to pay for an ovehing's "amusement,"- - but still .they course and gather keep on in their-sill- y "friends" who are friends in name only to be wafted away from them, at the first puff of adversity." It isf anveasy imatter to be popular high,priced ulinnfer parties; jand good wines will do that, but it , is another matter to gain friends ft'eip in tfie hour of needr persons less , fox i living as vwel)j or dressing as. fine asi; they can, .aflord, but when, they live ibeypntj their meana, 4bripgJcon-tfmUpon themselves. .Qn ,ca,0pmmand the, .respect of serwibl, persbVsVbyrin old clothes gracefully when he (or. 8hol can-nafiord new ones, and Jt . fs much more lionorable than a lengthy' tailor ' .running;' up 'to' bill or, milliners the injintte!;otrdw' of seller--thetboth arid buyer tHinkfiiglio'w r can jbe' ta money raised; pay it.and the latter growing1 oreJd5u'btf wear by, wlktbei'-i t will hyr(&-&: lp6r pdrsorisr Jwhq ive' reception's rarid dress ''bStfer1; tKa'tf." Ihey'can1 really' aiTord, aro rurinihg'a race'-- ' that will surelyriead to T -- , ; . . ... : The fir3t place I met with"tho sisters on . my journey homeward was at Cedar City. We traveled forty miles that day to reach there, and held a meeting with the sisters in the evening, which was well attended, several of the local brethren were present. A spirit of-- energy arid good feeling seemed to prevail, and' a desire on the part of the sisters there to obey ' counsel, and make as much progress as possible .in home indus- tries and all good works. - JThe Bishop's Counselor suggested to the sisters then as- - sembled to petition the City Council "or an appropriation of a piece of land .forhe benefit of the Relief Society to: set. out', mul. berry trees, and make a beginning in sericulture, 8aying.heW'0uld.u?e. his influence, with the City Council in their behalf. At Beaver I met withthe sisters as per appointment, oh' Sunday afternoonj the President of the Stake and a number of other the meeting.; A good spirit prevailed, and those who spoke seemed deeply interested in the future welfare of Zion. We returned home by way of Richfield and Gunnison. In all the settlements where I had an opportunity of conversing with the sisters,-- urged upon them the necessity of obedience to counsel in; sustain. fing storing up wheat, and encouraging home literature. 7 The fai t h and energies of4he sisters generally seems Ja. have;, increased; and., everywhere their - good; words and works, are a living testl. , mony of their faith in the Gospel p.nd devotion to principles.;',: Wo arrived safely at home Sept. 29, feeling that wd had been greatly blessed and,, prospered upon our : ' : journey. The sisters wherever welcomed ; me gladly and were anxious ' I should stay and hold meetings with them. There i3 Augusta Jotcb CkoChebox.- - breth-reriattend- TRIP TO ST, GE01tGE.t VISIT TO THE RELIEF SOCIETIES, AND THE, TEMPLE. Wo left Salt Lake City on the 6th of Sep lember last; on a tour ' through the sotithem settlements. -- At Scipio I found the Relief SocieiyJn a prosperous condition under the presidency of Mrs. Elizabeth, Yates; having rreatly improved since my firsts visit, in: many The sisters manifested much inter-es- t in the duties which pertain to .ther call-in- g m these organizations,and especially in to regard storing- grain. They had already out gleaning, (wo days and were So again. Tho president of the society seemed activo and energetic in de ..iu-; 4 re-pec- U- - pre-JtfoT-10 who-wilti- be ; iy pt ot ot l ' -- ? 1 -- 1 ruin; - -- 107 ; R ussian TjRqyjERBs. Wh en' sovereignty is divided it Is very. soQhestfoye.v Make presents to your' judges; you Will gain11 all you ask. To God glory; td the' "pricit, the candle; When the jpatnafchls'Btard, fie steaKlike'an'y other maii.i''XHel trainer sound ; while hV lipfsS diesVn His right arm ; is often a ; man's1 worst enemy. Engenders' "misfof t And, and;you V;6scape the wclf only to' be devoured Toy the ed "ro-;mai- 1 ; hs: 7FeaHt? Bewarelof a tamed wolnfa bantized home-industrie- s, , - - I-w- ent : ndt always steal; butlt is as well td be on the far him.---Th- e ricn man 1 n battle sh elds his face, but the poor .man takes care of hiscibthe3.: .Theold 'man; repents of4 .that of which the yoiinej. man boasts, r If .you glvo a shirt to a tbeggar, he will complain that the; linen is, too coarse. Measure ten times and cut once.f.rtThe f - emallest:needles;are the sharritst , prickers if iDo not eat cherries with your .superiois they wilj blipd you with the stories.. T r look-o- ut 1 -- - -- . , -- f 