ill1 W0MA N y R. S. REPORTS, i " . J Si . , Nancjraomi ; , : J the cause spent J6olishlynmaking ciothe&hich;are, elaborately trinmed, besides being a waste of means which should be used to assist in building temples, and for other charitable purposes; ! sho said that- - thoso Babylonish fashions should not. bo practiced by a Re. trenchment Society, that they should strive to retrench from every; thing that is evil, not only from extravagance in dress, but from overy evil that gives no, profit, and seek to have pure; intelligent minds and;to tako an interest in all matters that tend to: Pine Valley, April Editor Exponent: the" saints whereever-the- y are, I remain yoursister in the Gospel. , I P. Benson Sec'y. , . . r 7 1 4 f- MaRIUOTT yiLL --: v ,if h:"ii. ? ij--- v : KudVihg your deep interest in all that concerns the welfare of Zion, and especially in the efforts of tho sisters to carry- - out tho counsels gi veri through, the servants of God, we send to you a report of one of our '.'.j- -f , U, i .;t;.;1, 1 : The meeting having, been called to order by the president,Mrs. Aano Bickingt6n,tho Scandinavian sisters present .engaged in,, singing in their native tongue; after prayer and singing b.the. choir, Mrs. Nancy M. -- .Tracy offered some V i ! i rresoluUqnsfor'the i I ac-cQpta- of the meetingjiil regard to. do-nating for Temple s&xijag. f grain and oth-e- r ' p'uyic. purposes." :"j"A committed was ap. pointed to see after theso .matters. From the reports of tho yisi t ing teach ers, it ap-pears; that a ; good feeling t prevails and a willingness exhibited to further ail good works, an4 tp.build up the kingdom. l?hey report tho receipt of sii dollars and twenty. fiyp cents forv the. Templo fund, and one dolcents for tho society fund lar and sixty-fiv- e for the past month. The sisters present at the meeting bore testimonies to tho truth of the work they were engaged in vas Latter-day Saints, expressing. their djaterinina-tio- p to carry;out the counsels of the Priest hood, and to adhere to a tie resolutions , adopted at tho meeting.-- : . r I Bro. John Marriott , encouraged the sisters to persevere In storing grairi as they had been counseled to do. The' following sistera Tare the committee appointed to re- -' ccive the grain of Lyhno and Marriottville. : i ' w - . . ; .1 I , ? ; ; S. Thomas,1 B.1 C hr!stopherson, III Gate3,; A. Tracy. V MiiHorrop;' E. Salisbury E.: Marriott and . '. " . hi . ; ; comply with"4he laws of the" TJnited Or. dek; Explained to ua by Elders Taylor and to tlmp Pratt, and'taught to us fffroml timo" : tl V : '; President by Hyde. Bishop Olseh encourages' u s to go on as we have -- hitherto done, as' .h 6 was very " much pleased with our prbceedirigs. 1 Another small matter whlclrbay be Wor. ;thy of notice:' about three' years ago; Mrs. Hyde proposed that every 'member' of the society give' one egg -- iii every "monlliand'"1' an account be kept separately of it to see .how; much-I- would am6untt6 somovper--son- s think if. they cannot donatb liberairy, Sirs.' Hyde's :;they.will not do anything, and ' Ideawas to give every onb a Chance that nono might feel slighted in not having th6ir 'names with the workers, but that all might 1 . - -- j 7 . r:7' Matilda P. Killian; ' Becretary. Tooele CiTy, ' May 2, ! -- - Editor Exponent:" - The Seventh Annual Report of the lief Society of Tooele is as follows: Total amount donated in the ' 1 Re? yearl876.;;.;;.::.......;t.;V..1.$v- 41.00 property in xreasury, casn and other things...... ;.;.;.;. J..- - 51 65 Five shares in sheep herd, $25 per share.,:.... 1200 --- Disbursed to tho needy; ind for other practicable purposes....'. .158 3. This last season we., united with the Library Association in building a large So cial Hall, to belong exclusively to the Be. lief Society and Library Association, which werhave no doubt ;will be of jrreat benefit to our young people. AyVj .have; ?QntFibuted 1 between twelve and thirteen hundred dollars already, and expect, if all is. well this summer, the inside of tho. buildipg.will be finished. Our Society is wiu a.good condition; the sisters feel determined to do their duty in helpliiQ bliild iij) tho) kingdom of God, realizing .thaf pfbd's purposes are being fulfilled, and that His kingdom will last forever, whether we 'prove ourselves worthy citlzens or not. We rejoice very mucn in the teachings given through; the nxroNENT: 7 -- rooj, the joy from it may ipr&g ' ' ' Eteroitj?antflJ. On Friday, the Cth of May, wo were fav-vor- : t 1877. ' Tho -- ;:- ' 4 1 , n ot : , : somewhat negligent in writing to inform you .that tho Relief Society of this place have responded to the call of our beloved President,Brigham Young,in regard to storing grain. The sisters met tho 11th of January 187 TandTchosQ 7a: committee to solicit donations 0 tho sanieBro Sr er to keep account P. Christensen has given us the use of pne of his bins until we see proper to make other arrangements. A good spirit seems to prevail among tho sisters and they realize that storitjg grain ;ls ;cssentTal' to; temporal sidvation. ;AVe are also gathering up means to assist in building the.temple in Salt Lake City, and feel to respond to all the .calls mad- - u poa m m.mMlax.Gmi.MM '" Jow. u With best wishes1 for your success;! remain as oyer, your sister in the Gospel. -- - . t,'. . Burgess. ! t 1 .. : Relief Society meetings, held at the residence of Elder, John Marriott, rMarch 20, V,r" '; ;".?J,tC,-- ; -! ; ' ,1377.. ent Spring City, Sanpete Co., a: i 7 T :May 131877.U r 1877. I have been the-goo- EBER toUNTY, April 21st, 1877. .. V. Salem, Utah, April 22, Editor Exponent: We held our ighth Attnual Me4etliig1llay 3rd. A. good spirit , prevails here ' among the sisters, they are one with the President M.' A. 'P! ilyde, to do all they can in work! in which they ikre! engaged; ac-- ; cording to their circumstances': 'The f eports are favorable for rthe - pastry earv The teachers and other sisters tako great pains in looking after and caring" for the poor, sick and needy, of whom there are quite a n If mber, accord i ng to the size of tho place;": Mrs; Frantzen is energetic in her duties aa-treasurer,:turnIngWey thing to advantage, ; so that our means increase in v her bands to the benefit of the Society. 'We are gathering ; and storing away all the wheat we can) and' ha ve; about one hun. v.. dred and thir ty; bushels on hand.f Ve have one city'lot fenced, and one 'hundred mulberry trees planted; and ground; prepared1' for five hundred more as soon as We can procure them. In our last meeting it Was arranged for the sisters td unito in companies to mako cheese for burselvos and to .'donate to the temple. The sisters are arso .making articles of clothing for the brethren' who" work on the temple sdeh' as 8ock&j gloves, quilts and other useful articles; and all are : willing to exert themselves ' to 'forward the" wdrk of tho tdmples; and;'al6- willing to : : t M. EDITOR. EXPONENT; , Sec'y Re-trenchm- .:'. - were inade !and the meeting was ono long to boremembcred by all who v ere presen t. t-: ;; f : 'Kate Houtz; . , Ximainypur rsister in the dospel,; thm,' Otheremarks - ;: 7 engaged. ng r Cor. J good spirit DreYailaambjjgthejsiMersaiid a.united effort to arry out ,thoA instruction oPresfdentYpung in regard toIayihg:iip grain) we commenced this , season and pair, culate if the Lord blesses us witli crons an- -' other yearjjto jdo jnbre; we ddhated largely to the St. Qeorgo Temple, aid truly feel to rejoice that we Ha ve a Temple1 completed so nearTus, it being only ihirtyt miles from ' this place. The you ng . ladies have a Association; they hold . their . meeUngaiwi Jiinonitiu selves iri the good work jn which ffiiyrKr q ; ' some very f vaiuablo instructions" 1 n Regard T to tight lacing and its results. r' Showed the necessity of, us becoming a people, and Of storing grain. She express-- ! ed the pleasure fihe felt i n'meeting with the young ladies arprayed ;tho; Lord to bless t 7:- - and all interested, in our Jtelietociety, 'desire to unite their testi- , mooy with. that of other Societies, and ex- the. j,.presstaeirpieasuroin carryingout counsel given to fher different societies,- - A 1 . iv : 20, 1877. Our-- president thqwTO l sixty-fiv- e -. : self-sustaini- tlast This fund during three" years has amunjed to the Societies,-an- -- -- est in the sisters wirk. dollars. . Prayingd the Lord to ble 33 all the .Belief Tracyf Catherine Parry, Secretary. feel free and equal andjiave a lively inter- sum of Anne Bickington, President; ' Lydia. Gates, - 1 Counselors Editors Exponent: I enclosoyou a brief report of a meet- of the Young Ladies Retrenchment AfisoeiaTidF1iHdni?theTrieeting house April 25, 1877. After th e V, usual opening exercises, Mrs. ; Dr. , Ferguson of. Provbad-dresse-' d tbe.rAssociation, on "the subject 6t7 woman's ilressjirid J ts rxelat i on?) she! said r theTpresent iashionablG mode Jof d is also outraged alfthelavs N T. The meeting was a&ourned tomcet again at the expiration of four Jwee.ks, at' j Lynne. 5thfl877. SFBINaVILLE, EXPONE S : ed with a visit from Bishop Win. G. Young, who gave us valuable instruction in regard to training our chUdreri, arid several other Iteins of great interestr to benefit and encUurago5 L ds i: to!j walk ' in " thb : path that leads to eternaHfe.".;' I That wo may be kept hurabjo and prater-ful- ; before the Lord, and securo tho prize that is before us, Is the prayer of your tera Iri thspccovcnant-''.-V;-:-;li'Ut!- , 1 J .1- - MEXKLEJpHKf EUILT :WARBimTON; f 