jx. s. beport Dewey ville, Box ; Editor ExroNENT: - Elder '": Co., Aug. 27th, 1877. ------ ' - - V.:L ; We held our Second Annual Meeting Aug.6th,1877.- - It being election dayrtho school house, was occupied, and; ourPresK dent .being sick at the time, imee ting was held at her residence. f President Harriet A. j Snow and Fannie, Loyeiand tof were present and gave goodf Brigham City 'it- instructions to old and young: exhorted the; sisters to live their religion and have char-- ? r ; ? - ji.ULUUlJICU 2k T. I . - to-u- s; ' Your fellow-labor- ' ; V in the churchy which was very interesting,: as she had,heen amemberfbr.fortyayears.' 5;; Tne treasurer i reaa a report oi oneyears? t 0 1 li in ZIon, r er ; r ft SAiiEM, uimnimouslyacc t3iie Ducieiy vu mujituiuuut uiTuiiir iy.- uuiiara. ava i To! tAn 1877; TheiYoung; Ladies', Betrenchment Assci ciation held their Second ;An- of this ! oiAiir mtrinfv Ktinnavf-- ii.fviAtif Utah Co. Aug. 23, r -i rreffffsrvauer our: nrsi, annual meeuncourr whichH president proposed for-- t each lister to save -- ,i.r opened in tho . usual manner; after con-- p Bishop Bobert H; I)avIs addressed the Society, .Sunday gg?, for the benefit of the,aU gregation; he urged the" sifters to. bo faith-"- ; ; which met with opposition (as good! tful to their meetings, said, it would prove a? but ten sisters united withf ; do), "principles ': great hlesslhgjfdhe her ' andsaved Uheir- - Sunday i eggs,' which? r one dollars in sp;urge'dithemj to ;he.(trp;.tqthecpTe-amounted to thirty-si- x year. ' made y ith thiem-- r Allow me to stat&here that I think this isp j nants whicl they had1 iBrbther-CiwO.! selyeyfand with X5boV the most appropriate plan of getting means J Bahr-TSorhistestimo t iri a Society th'aiT kridw of. - We meet once Gospel. Excellent remarksvere made by j in two weeks and a good spirit prevails; ' iQiuugUQUi uur iuut BUiuumum, uuu wo t iCXucIhdaand ' President Mrs. 4iar-- ; ijaekmah So-i a to Belief realize Itho benefit of, begin Ttha. Curtlf Xlrore Jwere a varJety of piecesr? t ciety. We naa a -- Party in tne evening ' W for tho benefit of the Society ; pleasant feel-- J r recited "and. songs sung ..byViriemsrf'thop ings and' United- hearts made our party a,r iff:: and partook lot. picnic, success. Your worthy "paper is a great help, Bishop)rillDayiss fiAAtvtA1 rt O sfh 4 it ia'' ttfli aIi ami sv i 'i ':"v'; ' to us. small, but twe try. to do, as well as we can. ?5 sister in tho true Gospel, .Your :;'ls sickness in this place u ; ' Eliza Howard, Secretary. 1. , There r considerable present, more tnan nas oepn Known siou f.at " tr .some years past; mere nave peen, several 1877. deaths 'amopg the children,1 but we know) Levan, Juab, Co., Aug. 24th, they'died innocent, and will be permitted 1 XDITUU XI'Q mt: to come , forth in the morning of the , First i Knowing the interest you take in Relief; itesurrection, ana, ii . wo are iai tni ui wo Rnipictifts. I thoucrHt 'a few items from bur shall be' permitted to. meet, them ag .tin': uhini not 7,,quieiiiUle'8etUem ,J)e might Praying for the success "of the Exponent and " thoso interested in it, we Eubscribo ourselves; ' "', prirn !nf Pr'ftsidfint (Ihorffi tfciisdale. BishoD Aajaa'rd dersHfistianisen, Mitcock and ; A. S.' HANfes, Secretary 1 who ; ' ' I. , j Hartley,; Curtis, Ass t Sec'y. Jong : beonour; president, and Mrs;' Su jnhMil 'K'sanltcwkioneof hqr cpuhsel6rs,!resigned, l raiid althbugh;(0ieir" reasjpns vero ;pejt(tl3 i .rrBTOGNiiMEMORIA 'J i:t ) 2 '.'i' y; t ttih justiflaIe, iHtrt resignation;" accepted with regretlooHowi roi There i has been ; a private view of thai ;T models sent In Xor t hb statue of Lord Byron : 3. 'unanimously su U to r bo in the Green Park, and of 'HrsHorina'Aard n: other Byroniana, which. have been, brought I . TTon avi v I !h rl at la n onn together at tho Albert Hall, Knightsbridge.- The various articles exhibitedr-ihcludi- ng ,,7 f 39 designs for: a ...memorial.1 statue were St Hannah Hendricksen Scrtary. to N. :; nearly 100 in ally .though; grouped in A ybto of thanks Vwas given 3Ir3.' thoj ! Hartley and rMrs. S. "Mitcock for their past f Of. the statues there . 711ots. in catalogue ' ' ' I is jrcaliy little or nothing to be said, except, labors. and counsel. , . much encourus ..that while all came up to a certain level, ;y, Presidehi Teasdalo gavo onWe and kind instructions. none rise in our estimation, 'fit least, to the agcment n highest order of merit; the best being No. 'j 1, which represents the poet in an attitude v. HANNAU HENDRICKSOa, ' " of contemplation, :andTJNa G9i which also ' : "... 7;J 'Secretary. ;: gives us Lord Byron seated,' as he loved to . of Bit, upon the rocks watching ' the sunlight.. on the . waves. , This, sfatue,-Biciiville, Morgan Co., which, "is by;r. Bchard.;Belt, is, under-- ; .. -. Aug. 2S, 1877. t r y. stood to have been 'selected, for acceptance '? by the committee. ' Ther rest of the model3 IJor tho most part represent the poet either On thaSStti of A)pril last oux Society . . . -- Wi e . , 1 - , ; " i- -' ;' 1. ; s : r .... , : : , . ; ; -- 1 : J:ercenft;rj3ancy - ; -- vTXh-iHi'iXi- -- f; . -- i ". '' i s I -- . ; ; 3 f ' - the-pla- v.-,- ... fall-grow- pre-sentati- pn place : . well-know- FAKNIE TAGG ART. : tho "Byrpniana" exbipitea in the west room, about' 40 in alL There 'were busts portraits!, miniatures, and "medallions of Lord Byron at various periods of life as a n child,- at school, at college, and as a n man, Including the porfrom trait of him by Philips, Newstead Abbey, and another by the same artist from Sloneleigh; a , water color drawing of bis lordship in his robes as a nobleman at Cambridge, by Gilchrist; and another anonymous portrait of him in early life, the history and painter of which are ' both unknown;; There yere autograph letters from the poet tp ills; fdends, Mr.. Hodgson, Dr. Bo wring, "and",' Sir "John Hpbhouse; the original .draught of he fbufth canto of "Chiido ;parold;,'. first; editions;: and copies of several, ofLhis. poems, la many cases inscribed in his own hand; Stothard's inedal of Lord JSyxpn; .the cavalry sword presented by Byron, to his friend Trelawny during their voyage to Greece, with the words, '.'.There, tako it and use it, either like Don Juan or like Childe Harold." In another case were the silver watch which Byron wore as a boy at liar row; the china teacups and. saucers that stood on his mantle shelf at Cambridge; the gold locket and fvgold plh which hb; usually wore; the crucifix found in his Voom after his death at Missolonghi; his snuffbox; his seal, with crest and arms; the helmet and the "boarding cap" whichhe'jwbro daily in Greece; a silver teapot purchased at the sale of his effects; and the boxing gloves used by him in his "sparring" encounters with Jackson, the pugilist. In another case were other swordsdaggers, and pipes, all connected in some way with Lord Byron as their owner or donor; an autograph of the poet's earliest" love, Mary Ann the collar of Boatswain, Lord Byron's favorite dog and "only friend," who lies buried at Newstead; and last but not least in; point of interest, his pocket New Testament, of .which the catalogue tells us f that it, was presented by his wife : to Lord Byron, who afterwards .gave it to Lady Caroline Lamb. It would seem to have subsequently belonged to another celebrity, for on Its title page Is written "Sldndy 1851.": VVe oUght'also to mention the " Abbey, large oil Minting Jai G. tho; request-, by Varley in 1809 of liord Byron, But perhaps "the most Interesting of all thtoemoHalsls that'huna-bere- d M in the"; catalogue a '"documentdrawn up by Lord Byron in his own hand-writing In August, 1817, relating to 'his ' separation from Lady Byron, I n which he throws the blame of that transaction on the lady's advisers, and offers to! submit the for rr matters in dispute to some third-part- y adjudication. The Exhibition. is now open W to the publid at tho Albert Hall. - - said the, Belief s Society was a great helpto him, Mrs. Hur-! . 1 UU1UUU' Ml IJID JiilXlC. ilUU.BUUJkDv- i encouraging words -- in a flowing cloak like a Brimatt toga, or in tho boating; dress so I familiar to us by tho engraver's 'art. Few of them are remarkable for originality or for ideal beauty though they give U3 every, variety of poa! ture meditative, contemplative, active and defiant, and rin one case) in an action of inspiration." .Far more interesting were G." Smith, and called together by Bishop we werp reorganized. Mrs. Fannie aggart the Society to Wis chosen "by the voice-- of act as President: she then chose Susannah - S. Seamen nd AnnVYden as herCounsel , ,ors; tiie otner , omcers were votea nu juur ' Society is ' small, twenty memoers in au. Since 1871 we Jiave donated for public, be. dollars and f purposes ). seventeen ' noyolent sixty cents. We help the poor as we have "opportunity. We have now in the Treasury three good quilts and a good parlor stove. I thought a brief account of our Society might 'hot 'be uninteresting to you. The sisters all feel' anxious to do all in 'their ' power to assist fn rolling bh this great work. With much love for the cause, I subscribe : . . Cha-wort- h; Mor-;;ga- h, of-Newst- exe-jilte- d; ead x-- x. : V Love never tires; the moro 'we lovo tho ;mbro wo have of solid satisfaci6ri. Every ne w boul we come in cbntactwUh and learn life. i to esteem fills us wl th newl light and Those whd love others are themselves full of sunshine,' and the day marches triumph-- : t0 antly on' with them from1 psy-mordewy ovo and silent night : : n 4 