 ., vm -- ! FAMINE. ' : : !!'...' tof irtppycnIMcen,Bparln3nonc? Bit down, dire . tbtt ; , pain; Nor bow, nor bend at Fashion's shrine. Nor let the pride of Babylon 'V' Sectiithewheat:yottriabewpiiJ , Save up the rnl t, save up the grain, .. . That you, Qc'sbtessingrmay obtain. t;vijf . , . lM. v .... - - ' - - Fr the ExrOKEST. '  :ji WOiSIAIiS. SP1IEHE QF USEFULNESS;. n -- Ai good woman: is ' a i j e wel of . far moro worth thiiu all telse we taay 'conceive of. Let he hevife, mother;:8i$ter bt. friend if nobler in her aims, gentle asd forgiving in . t'i wi fln" wall '1 charmed circle of friends and family are called to part With her bh eart jihe will have finished' the great work: assigned her : and finally enter into the never-endinlife of joys that await the good and the faith. " ful! If a sister shd hath duties which if well- -' performed, Tender her the object of lovez and delight in the home circle; and all who (rliitioei' her manner, seUaacrificing' yet. self-reiian- ty f raliinfiuences, an;ornroent, a treasure, ,f.v:wo; iutj if her education, jher 'early training be neglected, and she is. allowed tojningle . nejjessitjr'd'ejirfy, 'and prbper training of daiighterVvto fit iheid 'for future' usefulness. Woman' has a'glorious ' mission1..to fulfill, a grand and 1 important duty; to perform, At she would reach ' her highest attainments ! who Him: designed by gave her, her being s and capabiUtiep, and intended ;to pre-- r Prp: herself .with the necessary .qualific xa tionsk, .fio:-.;nl- ' ,::.;; ; v- '.lr (. : ? uu;ovurrwmciL,8p1,iia5.jDoencnosen to. presi3e,.maUhgl;the mostratractiveipos-;Sihlfi. SO that hftl hpr'rmshnVrl lUn choice,, mayjove to dvVell there- -' always . retire hawJjn ' whlch'errnay duties of his daily w??nj1 Prplexjng routiner 'business Msf byer, 'and by liome'comfdrts.' Such ahvwife; " jrher y mpaniotfW intelligent: and apprei be're-freshe- d 5 ciatlve,1 wilFbe'riy him 'prized abovd rubies irsho bo also a -- mother, her duties' are immeasurably increased,' and ' the necessity for mental culture two-folThen to her a,s,stoed the responsible .task, pf fashion. beauti--fulutlarlbette- 'I d. fingaWdingth6"impre5sible l e is; tho-impres- s' : : ' from "the Young" LadiesVlmprbyemcrii '!slbciatiW;9irig'; tJ be unlriteTeitttigta ham City .would "no ' your ; readers we venture a brief 'report of ouiprogrfess'asfelety.' M" V : y 1 : We were organized,- under th'o direction of Miss EJ R. Snow, on the 31st of July; Ki - 1 875; swith the foli6wTin g officers: V . i iMra.iMinnl Annie Madseniiiii cj oi m usuui Mis3 Ida Snow, i a i ?i; i i MrsiLottie Huntsucker 'Counselors. yf'itLucy Jensen,; Trfis!d Ant o '.Tpn'son ?Rrinw. Jisstfier.Smltb;! . -Mr- r Miss:EugenIa SrioW, Secretary, Fannie Qrachl; Assistant Secretary i MadseiiTreasurerfi Hrsifiq During' tho fir3tiyear our mebtlbgs were -- very weU attended, .and aiiively interest manifested.in' iresonding to every require- - . A. T.-C- . i l .jr.-- . "'."" " tionsri.two hundred and j fifty-fiv- e dollars to be. applied (on. our new Tabernacle, (25J nqw: in course of- erection, and: have already-- one hundred dollar this., year, p.yqr00) i. I At ' ! - n , e more iiu, uu vm voiuutio purpose. -also in,' assisted, Wq .have purchasing tho Is second organ ior ,public use, to bo placed vin:,! : l-- 1 j; , ; ; mo-sam- . we can foir the .Temples arid other local calls. J AVo cpnlintioJ; to have good and lively : -- meeingis,Jbnco:ln-- ( 4.ageatteridance ofabout feel well and ehloytho snirit of the GriaDRl." and desire to improve bur "talents arid pre-- s ", pare ourselves to be' iisefnl ln promoting tho Hvelfaro of Zlori by' ddslstlngtrom all wd lcriow to bo eyil,; arid doing all we can ' to elevate and improvo bur minds, and Jivb up to the 'glorious principles of thef gospel ' 1 '; ria keep the heart pure and cheerfull In view of all these necessarv aualifica tions and requirements in woman, will any one longer doubt the necessity of her being' educated properly, and 'fitted for the really high and responsible position sho is ex J. i.l pected to fill through life? Too much importance cannot bo given to ' the subject, arid the earlier the better, for in this lies not only present personal coh-sideration; and mainly individual interest; but any and every community is alike concerned andbenefitted. ' .! Wishing success1 to your valudblo'paper,' wo remain your sisters; ft ' - iuiumo jeuueu ouuy, rrusiueill, is ' V. Eugenia Snow PlerceiO--ft- -- J t.'-'i?:T;:?).- Fannie: Gjraebl, V t ; l ni - s.-4ane;rohnsonj"s ; - minds of -fWlren.n;pVleadIngih'em step by step""J T?F of ihouhrid; d iscre lion, and fur- therwhen thcygb forth into-thbusy world and. of tho hand 'that molded will bo ' perceptible. !ielaly:imUsKh0 thea guard innato4 desires; the natl woe that awaiti them, moro when cajmfreflection points them to the gross errors they have ..committed arid' may be remorse humiliates. Repentance is" wise and well, confession noblo'and i"it notlto err, and so r j Thinking a few Ilrie . jarlmostun them from the uUer T M KEPORT. Editoii Exponent: 1 oer, jD;beaAst)fhIs;hme"beinga td know her are charmed with hqr gentle manner and she. becomes a dispenser of sunshine everywhere. . Woman thongh only a friend mayand often does become very dear. A true, noble, woman, whose mind is active, alive to all that is ennobling, will not allow even for a moment, petty thoughts aud meannesses, place in her heart. " She shrinks from, and almos't tremblingly shuns the slanderer who would blast some fair name, looks with pity upon thoso who allow even jealousy or mal. Ice to mar the purity of soul arid characterJ ' Sha feels, as iit were a saxr sorro vy when cognizant of its real handful existe n ce,: and . Bbigham City, Aug. Cth, 1877. .'. 'y; Itijwlter.she is:io ,80. prdlererself aa to bo, coppnionable; and lend a charm to that Jr'y ; ; 1877. July 27; E.-- S. g : L. City S.5 ; with ijrjbmjspuou.cQmpair or companions, ; I wlos pallidaiabd, hearts Hayojbee'. neglect- - ls ed.'Ker whole.futuro will be maimed if not '. wfilly blighted hytho contact. Hence the 1 f- prM. ; -- 1 j - 8heTis,49 soeietyf,a refine : six-that- , J. HARDING. BY MRS. E. care are wo to ptit this" so important trust? To whom shall wo commit hlsr: precious charge ? With our parents arid teachers wiirthls chiefly rest, but all may contribute . t . . i to thisnobleworkv ; of vus each exert an influelceTicppd are we not in a measure re. this is the.casei ' sponsible for that wo do exert?- - If so, should we, not unite to further, this one grand achievement;- - or atmbs. man and to surrounoT she may . fill phero of refinehierit, her highest aim and mlssIonhere on earth and when her life of usefulness is ended ; she miiy prove worthy 'of that blessed in-- heritanco In tho life to come! she-ma- ...... . Si,.Qeprge, 1877: pre-par- ed as ; ' f ere--sheh- : shall come"--; For "many unto i? j otP ffwkl ih fbbd;r peace and home. ' Go glean the Wheat, you maidens fair, ?'' And for the days of rant prepare: Laup.this treasure' while there's time, '.' i f possible even better, and more faithfully, And now lastly but not least, in whose . ity . 1 utV mother may truly bo likened to a teacher j or master. workman wht-se- j plastic, hand hath molded and reared, her i treasures to man and womanhood, and can offer them to the world with that firmness of charac-- T ,s tor and correctness- -. of principle that shall,. render them objects of interest to those with whom they must mingle Nor does her duty end for the various events and conditions of life, and must also for the never-endin- g eternity. A mother's prayer, a mother's wise and pious counsel, though perhaps often neglected, or may be seeminglytfor-; ' round life of with' in its gotten thecbusy turmoil and bustle, will bo remembered and lovingly cherished when sorrows and disappointments come or when the hand of diseaWprostrates. her look of anxiety mingled with a moth er's love, will return in memory and servo y to cheer the crushed spirit, though have years agone winged her flight to realms of bliss. Here then again, is the argument in fa. vor of woman's education and t high moral attainments,! It is not enough; that wToman bo accomplished only. That she perhaps masters music, drawing and all the delightful acquirements which render, her in so. ciety fascinating: and agreeable, and ; she" herself happy; these are a few only. , But the elevating and holy inspiration of music should be added and united with the moro solid foundation of acquirements thatwill 1 secure a perfect womanhood. Then will she ho able to weep with thoso who weep, , and rejoice with those whose hearts are glad.'. Her life will bo a round of pleasant; of-necess- wQtMllrtcarlafin? CnBYPyJ1! fy' The youth, fmale and female sof a com munity are in time to cbmpriso"arid become . the community itself; as oho after another ' departswho now compriseit,' Srid thell uni finished work and duty must pass into tho -hands 'of those, that;: aro wto come after; hence they should be fitted to perform it, , i jkejeton !r;ii Oh no!: oh nol We still have power 0 wako stern Famine fairlj cower, Its jpurne to a land And 4 - That;ake h& not known a guldlnff hand. "For we've been warned, and warned again, That Famine,' such as ne'er had been, , j r bdjpaddatructtonund the ones That save no heed to insplr'd tonsues. - Sstoro up now the golden grain, . " ural bent and inclinations of each, and properly) direct them for the future. ;A - WtlBierd rousef and sleep no more, . 'JL warninrTOice Is at the doorl ffuest ... ' Shall Famine be a welcome j Wbere erstLwithlcntjriwertblail shall this jraunt belnff look upon ' c i j '.Shall J , 11 1 43 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, hi'.- - ' pR'r il:"li I v L,-- t . ,' i ... . ....-.-- Mint. Sauce. With.tlirechca of finely chopped "youfi raintj, mix two of pbw- dered sugar,; and six of vinegar-- stir it until tha 1. . sugar is dissolved. 