WOMAN'S EXPONENT 26 ' - f S. 3EPORTS. of carpetiml soniearticIes of men's wear ; to the St. George Temple, and have carpets, quilts and a variety of other things in the treasury." We desire to carry out the cpun. "T: The General Retrenchment Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Iiooms, setrof Saturday July 7th'7flnlPnu!u 13. W. Smith presided terest. Counselor the anoVafter in the president's absence, usual exercises, and reading of minutes1 -- from junior societies, addressed the assemupon blylin an able arid efficient cmanner future the saints and. destiny the duties of D. Z. Counselor Young and of the young. -- Brigham nj ; j of-diamp- , nds, Jane Stapjey?nreaiurerihey hayelthirty-on- . Association presented President Julia Lind-se- y with a beautiful picture, as a token of their affection and regard for her. She re. .sponded in a pleasant little speech, asking God to bless us allj and enable her to live in such a manner as to retain the good will of the sisters. As a society we move slowly along, alleviating the wants of the poor, and giving words of comfort to those whose hearts are weighed down with woe and sorrow, encouraging them to look up to the Giver of e names yenrblled as members and they manifest a willi Di spirit to do their duty in : the interest of thq.society. i '. Ever j , praying for the success of paper, we remain Yours Respectfully, ' ESC ALAN Je ypur yal-uabl- e , , 'q, A. those who steppinguUnthMe ment of the talents in their possession. The home industries are increasing and improving and there is a spirit manifested by the sisters who attend these meetings to promote all home industries. SpiLSBuayScere tary; H. J.tSPiiiLsBURY, T, IRON CO., Assistant. June 20, 187 7. Editor Exponent: '.;"': ha ually, even in chastening us. and if we impart comfort to others God will impart a portion of it to our own hearts. lifey IWHIs lovinjg '.' proceed to tell you about this beautiful little valley; it is situated - fifty miles east of Panguitch, aud has a inild climate; vwe have no mail running here yet, but re- ceive our mall matter from persons traveling to and from Panguitch.out Some of the wheat has been headed here for t wo of weeks; wild flowers every color and variety grow in abundance, giving the valley a very beautiful appearance. There are about fifty families in ,the settlement. On March 13th, 1877, our -- Bishop, Andrew Schow. arid several ?ef tfie brethren ''ofganizetl a Relief Society and a Retrenchirientv Association; officers of Relief Society as foll6ys: ' Mrs. Mary Antf P. Schow, President; Mrs. Susannah Heaps, Mrs, Lydia C. ' Adams, Counselors; lurs. .Jane 8. Coleman and Miss a Lu. Mary Colenian, Secretaries; I will 187.7. . Wo held bur yearly meeting June 3, commencing with the usual! exercises of prayer, after which our re T sing-irigan- d read, sfiowiiig-ouprpgress Jo be jas good as tie could expected , as we aie but Jfe w. We have now on hand In grain, cash and sun. dries, property amounting to sixty dollars. sWe have made a start in the Grain Move-- , ment, and; intend by the blessing of our Heavenly Father to still keep adding to it, if the fnist does pot takeour grain. We feel and know that; the counsel of our i President jBrighain ;;oung! is good. Wd received; a visit last fall from Mrs. E. Howard arid E, Barney held a meeting r The day's proceedings were followed by a ball in the evemrigthe hall beiug beautifully decorated: for the occasion. All passed off pleasantly, joy and gladness , beamed from every countenance,. The health of the people in this settlement is good. As yet the crops look well, . 1 ? have teachers and president of teacher appointed; : they visit the sisters once a month. We . hold ta ? meetijs alternately ., ' Oiir is work. and an ener. speak president and received much valuable : instruction, means and1 woman hold and getlc enjoying the spirit of the Lord, while as1 go into thsilkindustry and have mulsembled I; together, and w ere "very1 much berry trees6t out in the Relief Society pleased to have them, jneet with us.' We lot. Wo. desire to be with the hold our i meetings monthly, and express mr in sisters to of rest build up assisting our feelings and the gratitude of our hearts and 'develop Zion. Money is scarce here, ifbrthe 'many blessings; we as a people it is fifty miles to ' the 'nearest market. from time to time." We also' have .i The Report of the Escalerite Retrenchi -- B? vt sewing meetings alternately. ?. ment Association organized MarcK 13 1377, May the Lord bless all the .Relief Socie. Mrs. Catherino Dewel, Presi-detiesahd prosper yon 'in ydur labors "upon, , is as follows: i Misbes Sarah May (foiemah JLy d ia C. the valuable paper which We ; consider ' a ' Adams1, Mrs. Mar E. AlVey,- - Misses Mary blessing to the saints; is the'wlsh of us 'all. Alice' Barker, and iMary Colemin,' Courisel-or- s; ; 'ii'AiiKfBftVAiiT;i.ttesident-Sirs, i Mary 'Ann P. SchoWiBuperin- ' " Baraii Stakeb, Secretary j cretia Twitche!l,Treasurer. : VVe ed -- semi-monlh- but grasshoppers are very numerous. Energetic measures are being, adopted to destroy them and thus save the crops. I would further state that under the superin tendence of our worthy Bishop William Budge, in the mercantile, and other departwe continue to grow ments of in wealth and strength. The Exponent is read, with interest in our meetings, Wishing the paper success,and all institutions of improvement, I remain, Yours Respectfully, co-operati- Mrs.-Vest- -- be-lov- . xurr Society ;6f on, . ly Alice .M. Rich, Secretary. to-tak- -- : ers co-work- " ro-ceiv- Formation op minerals. Ha wjey has made further examination of the1 liquids - -- nt Alice Barker and Harriet Larrmie,? Secretaries; Mrs. Eleanor tendent-Mis3isvMa- " Barker, Treasurer; Jane S. Coleman, Secretary of v Relief Society, v ToKEBVU'ii'E, Juno 2 4th, 1877 Editor Exponent: , r , esteem ft a 'great' privilege to; ; eon. tribute to your, valuable ' paper,' which n perusing; we find contains Very ericpurag- ' f We ,,Editor; Exponent: ; our Society through yoar 7 We column's: have donated forty-on- e yards nltyto represent r Paris, Bear Xake 5 ing accouhWof the different' Relief Socle. tie?, and feel honored to have' the oppbrtu- - ry : Co., r June 29. 1877. , 'Report of the ninth annual meeting of the' Relief Society of this placei held May 20th, lff77. He finds that the liquid carbon dioxide present varies considerably from : 27 27 to 33. 7 C in it9 critical point in different mineral often varying in different cavities in the same mineral specimen. The presence of this substance in sapphire and topaz leads him to the supposition that these minerals may have been formed by the action of aluminum fluoride or chloride upon contained iu ml neral cavities. e ; - pres. idents and officers 5 of the Relief Societies and Retrenchment Associations of St. Charles and Bloomingrton; also the members of the Paris Retrenchment Association. We were favored with; the company of C. C. Rich, Bishops Budge, Home President -and several oth or bre thren. Appropriate speeches were delivered .by the President of the Paris Relief Society, Mrs. Julia Lindsay, and her Counselors, Mrs. Elizabeth Collings and Maria' Rich, also by President C C. Rich,Bishop3 Budge, Home and others. A report of the condition of the socie ty for th e past fi ve years was read which spoke well for the liberality of the members; all were well satisfied with the pro gress which had been made. Many intermade on very importesting remarks were i ant subjects. The members of the Paris Retrenchment p yng - ; beloved - Presidents ; self-educati- Editor Exponent: - Young in regard to storing grain, and have purchased a small amount for a commencement, and live iiv hopes" of "doing more as opportunity affords, although we labor under great disadvantage in not raising grain in jhis: vicinity. ' We have notcommenced silk raising yet, jut , intend doing so at an are energetic and alive to their duties. : We Ladies' Retrenchment hnye a Association organized, with Mrs Mary L. Ransom, presiderii; Misses Elizabeth Klien-maSabra Higbee, Elvira Hill, Mary B. Dodge,"Mrs SaraKA Spilsbury, and Xydia Jackson, Counselors; Miea Mary E. Klein man,' antf Permeiia Dodge Secretaries; Miss re iTaoCKPOBT, (Summit Co., June 27, our- nearijryTThe-membe- fs and home institutions', the opportunities for education and for preferred to' the Medical Class now about to resume their meetings for instruc. tion, anclmany 'other Important litems, Mrs. E. Pixton iront- Leeds, spoke of her having been absent one year from the meet- -ings, of, the ; privileges, and blessings enin joyed by. the ulsters shere, ; the rough and n diamonds polished; etc. Mrs. E.. S. Barney, Mrs. XI. Jones, $Irs. M, E. A. ;Watmough, Mrs. Hannah T. King, Mrs. W. East each addressed the meeting in a pleasant and happy manner upon the subjects which concern the temporal and spiritual welfare of the saints. These meet ings strengthen encourage 'and edi(y;the sisters in the spirit of the Gospel, and a very great improvement is; apparent in silk-cultu- InvitatibdasCextendedtQ -- specimens -- , ': Tcalciumcarh6he at hih pressures, producing alumina and carbon dioxide. Where water is also present in the cavity, it would neeih that the reaction had taken place in presence of moisture. As to; the diamond, the author thinks that this mineral Is the result of the action of reducing agents up- on very highly compressed carbon dioxide at temperatures above its critIcar,poirtt-- a condition of things which suggests a new direction: for speculation and experiment. 