SALT 'LAKE CITY;' UTAH, MARCH : J. i, 1877.'-- FANCY'S PANORAMAii- - I see, trlthla tbd shadows oftopast years, , 0 5 ; brethren.-- v ' .; panorama all unrolled flew, j la places blurred with woman's tears, ' many ' But Iifo-tt-e In 1U outlinesj clear and true. J wildest fancies come and go,12 Visions of .A will be, tho.oncs chosen for friends wives, i and pothers,' to act as counselora withrthe , f . : - ; dear delicious boors; vr jLnd soft and deep and musical thefloir Xnd wbisp'rlnffi of some I: - ;..--- rirer murm'rins; ,'mld life's bow'rs How sltentlj we summon to bur aid ' f The monitors then wont be our gniJde, IxiAnA where dut weary Jcct monjr brambles strayMi And sorely In our anfulsh we were trfed.j. ; f , f Stern duty was our motto, and we seufht , , j v , . rv '71 To tread the narrow path and trust la dodi Brarlaa: life's battles ttiadgh with ports friuf hi f' Of mem'riea M . Andbowlnr meeW'neath thichaitenlnt rod. ; And brighter grew the way as years rolled on, . r And llfht beam'd.up where all around was dark; rAnd well we deem'd it that some toll was done j : ; ; ii - 4- I ; Your blrthi andmissiort, youn girls is with that of the youngiraen they are your brothers, and your destiny is alike eternal. Having been born you are not exempt from the duties: life .involves therefore study to realize the.importaneo ;of the 'si lei which pensatiocp i.iirhe home-industhis people are I laboring to5 establish; will eventually ftirnlsh occiipatto for the labortr : co-equ- al ers bfibotht sexesi? n' J The pictures which remembrance conjures up, ' XIat'ninf to echoinf bells of long-lo- st chimes, f i Though seaminf ly ,we id rain the bitter cup, Tla but la thouf ht, and life looks brighter sUU ,r "f By contrast of 'tiiejand;jrriefs and And humbly may we our true mission fill Through all the changes of the coming years. 1 our xuther in heaven will require to you improve, cultivate yourselves for it is an obligation ho -- has fmpdsedupon all IT "JlchUjiren Imytf. ilis!zut Tipc. inatt -- - dear young iadielsbeseecltouiio tMy read select; the: best booksthat have history; been wrUten,by the best roert- andLWomen, and you;may obtain jttrough icarefoi training of the mind, greit wisdom and, i make life a success. Choose the best society lav - : T ' undr evils. Chmh h I a! mi- fl v " tro& wo 4 litmud ranidi t V'wl thbut dafhaA . ; ' ,nim)imiA I- hftRrrCwhTcE .t ' thus to contemplate, at times, ""ipilbleasaut uu:;- r.h;i&iili-nT- course you pursuehereandrdo rightiin spite of all ) annoyances and t vicissitudes. Life abounds with opportunities that Are within your reach of improving your; minds and enrichingnyour j hearts. ,f Obligations rest upon each of. you for self.improvemont, this obligation in its;binding force, will run parallel with your existence throueh all the ( -- Mm-- v Hbior rrr nd the? poor and of tlld ihtentioa1 "to- - provide, work for. all who Kare 3 not incaacita d for laborjlinstead of givlng withou 1 I - ! tra'Mc: tioneaiit.XiJ - IA "tAiliii TtElt(tioitiicfi' .rtermd slowc -- - - The? Iawis ihVersely4prdrl jls'th at trje" h limari ejfvduiystem Is rio exccpfiorifto theiaw higerubrity bruralrefurbanlfoi fth'alr ; wors ot' imporianco, write on the tablets of lyour minds, tbq to act well your part as wives and mothers and: to, instruct your, childreniin tbb paths of yirtue and happiness, 4and(teachithem to walk.iu your foot prints. When you make choice of a .compauion-7br- r ife,r select! j one tsauruu , mings anu , JEditob Exponent: FccUng fTdecp interest in the welfare of it a privtheyoungJadiofl;'qCI,dem the columns to address triem' through ilege of your valuable and - Interesting - paper through jWhich wQ , learn pf the grand the istera from year to year. i uiiiiLiii:i x iYoung ladies: you v .must , perceive ; now that you havesuperidr ; advantages : to improve your minds and advance in; tho .scalo of intelligence to those who havo Hved; a generation before you. JX is necessary you should hasten! to stop iorward and, qualify yourselves or usefulness rin: life; houser work, to .mewtryoung girls ;cpmes ifirst ;iri every day experience; and every girl should strive to acquire a full knowledge of all the duties of Jtho household; Qho i should, bo taught how te.wbrk as she is taught how to read; there is art and skill in the proper use of the broom; activity and: cleanliness both, belong to its iisej orferiandirefinement are required in the chamber: fori tho arrange, . , that is In good standipgVin the church and kingdom of God, and do;iiQt;acecpt of .one who frequents drinking ealoons, fand pUces of that sort; or one whochogsesiho jociety of those whff daTithosb jthlngaurf Shun r such men as you would, the poisonous; adders for they will embitter your whole futere exist-enccj-- ai i;in , i i t iv? Braver,; Peb.i, A77.j ' ; ment of thebedf and furniture, bHt vstill more varied anxl numerous , are ; the duties of the kitchena'.CUrls require most training and the largest experience kitchen in-th- o,. which s a laboratory where chemicals aro compounded in the Tpreparatlon ofj whole? some food for, the family.: ;If j there isono thing more than another that is jealjy: necessary lor health it is for a womaq to under-stan- d hoWiiaprepare .and cook food.: ,! The necessity of industry,, the obligation of -each girl ;to, work for her living, her happ. ness and her home,' nothing is mb'rq valuable than to learn to work systematically and fasheconomically; and when extravagant ' ions givevyay as- must, to te,;nevibly sensible and prudent 'management J n 'domestic and social cirdesUh6rindabtdou8 young woman with consistent ideas, sound common sense, and adaptability, liwill hold. -the front rank of Uiq women of Utah; such - - lL ! t J : 'Nf it! J. i nO.TiiE 2Sth orebrMryPrbCJiercyBi Jackson .delivered ..the valedictory address (o the students of Boston tfniyerslty; Behoof The FitEEiBormltory for women In New I Jta lls said ibd Yorkji besieged nightly1 by homeless women applying for shelter. ;Only destituto women of respectability are adi mitted. The general police captains of the city liave been furnished with tickets good for one night's lodging, and these are distributed among the poor women whom thoy deem worthy of relief , Vr rrr And yet these aro the people who talk so mqch about tlieerrlbiq conditioa of affairs :in Utah and; especially ip alt Lake City, Tn that yery city there are hundreds of Foreign Missionary Board? and so forth foi tho benefit of ;thq heathen, etc .Truly' ought Qharity to begin at home.: In conversation with: strangers, from:.Now York,, Chicago and other large cities, we have, always taken especial pains to make : reference ;to; the thorough systematic rmanagemept pfjtkCL Relief Socictl 03 organized among this. pea plo for 'he benefit of' thof slckthO'.agod, 01 h'o not proportional aro closely connected, and an excess ofthe former soon entails ap in. crease in the latter beyond the limits which thelneryous syfttem can tear witfiTlmpuni-ty- , espeeiallyi this copdltlon under, which the work has to be done. iThb amachinery for, organiing jth ) work; of a', community bas to be rlIdiand JriflflKible; andiinr.the atrain involved ift bringing 4 A achan&iug or -ganisia inter harmony with . machlneji the iormer must mevitaoiyj BUtrrt-uiiondi -- on H news;; , ' verjpiace wherd llibIsr ixiost' heeded, damage done to the heailh' of the most Valuable parPof jh .Mtned thinkers,1 the'mbsitfseful .workers, "the5 --E- x. ? s Lancet When X3arrlck wasbeginning his career, his: great rival , was ; Quin. Garrick was 'and natural,' Quin was .formal and brlt struggle between the fold v and!;tho 'new fa bcfginl At last '1 1 'was school 'vraa1 about decided that they should appeal definitely tothojpubfc ' chosen.. Garrick "performed ibthario and Quin Horatio. The first act took up.a fnll hour, for tho house was, fuH of tho advo. cates of bbthhMs, and totU' were1 loud in their plaudits. At last a trivial' and Jul dicrous, but, as all must havo felt; af significant circumstance gave Garrick tho victory. In thof last scene1 t)flhe sccpnd actliolhaHo challenges HoratI6!Two hours?ero noori tomorrow I expect thee'- Quin with 'his usualfpompous stateliness, paused so long before he gave an answer, that some simple fellow, in tho gallery, really excited by tho "position, cried.out, fConfound you, you coward w?y; don't youj AteU thof gentleman whether you'U meet him or no?" - : ; many;;of thecgrcatcst :deeds " : done in tho 'small istruggles ofJife. ii There! aro : J t. - 