86 AW:-- : TV tiWJllaii 4 . ..." f - MMMMHB .; s' yoiiin you(dJhfiii!iaL - iaosn 6r"th- hprs aSjWeUtlfhd om. . 'f'Z '.' -- I woidd Ilkq tpjteli youpf .purrnany good .Hi ' t wish fo addrefafaiw' luur yarii3 U4 our ifis' vefr1 beaut'iful.S'1 iio mo 'bf&cie-ieTo- Member 'eacn5 ofHhtf ' wards.-me- r tt et first .) fyjfgajfy i n'bvery month J they 'talk to each 'ottierafld haVe interestiDg mieetiiigd'Which Aire growing better and I look forward to 'mch'timo we meet; ' xthe time wliori many 'will testify- - to the blessing thcso meetings have been; certain-cly'ou- r hearts are more united.' we lovd each - other .more; than: we ever did. While per.or wherever we meet, forming our duties, vthero tec tjthrlj of ' pleasure experienced ;that mafces.ua feeiiwbjarq meeting a, Sister andft frip4-- : : IM?A attributed, jUiia Jove in , purparts in, agret degree to our as.spcia- - tionsrin ( quf, beautjfujr mpleorrey g wVdo there is a labor of love,", and If we labor fot love, lovW inust be in our hearts, and our spirits are genial, pliable and full of kindness. On the 17th of wa'hada good time, a special meet- Trig otf YBister was called by bur Presl-- . dent J. T. D. McAllister. Mrs. M. I. Home met with us and gave-u-s some valuable in. ojUuction .and. wo eIt:tQbtessijher,4 and j thw God jforthevprivilegei off seeing her ? andJiearJng Jaer yoice, n We are now wait- a to &qt. 8ujc: boofcs $The, Tomen of .Mormon- c.4oppfAPdihppeftih icpming winter to en- 'JpgftfVWadipg of them-i- pur, meetings,, W&xmW&i9.JW ,85 i great throng jlitMP come to the Temple to receive blessings .for and-TOdreUnstru- - , ery-thin- rfep-femb- er : Im' , ; j t . ; I . ' ' ' " '. - 6"' ' ,a bjoplo;in.3t. ffiorge, ! viaa-marye- l vfor . f Scrjip-ltu- e . Wa can' tey realize, tle; mighty hep ihey hdv1 iiad- (he iinBeen,' the1 'unsleeping 'nuueujcb thalaa beeafoUnd them' In uuuiiui mjyvj auu iu inu juj auu giaiuuuu .ybf 'their nearts,; they can Only "exclaim with one orVold, "My Lord, andmy 0od struggles every Salht must have for this is thoXidrd'rfchooland'we innst haVelessons .th'atweJ may come out fittedi for) niches in llhe Temple rpf our God in the. grand here-vaftI I iWithouJ: .trials and the; experience life is but a acquired by them,? .chilfiiCpTal 1 1 : cr .and tells. the fbitterandithe sweet must.o , 1 , 11 W UlL.Ej. LM, LX U ' I I. T"I Tl f powerr tn i r-1 I- ra. m m ? understanding- and wisdom, that wo may use the Gtd-give- n gift as becometh candi dates tor ceiestiai worms. r wnere much is given much-- ? is requiredthis is: simply cause and effect, which blended: is an; eternal principle, v j ; A quarter of a century has passed since I firt embraced the Latter-dawork, and it has ever filled ray soul; the hard part is to live up to .what 1 profess and love. The world thinkwe are a low, degraded people; PJS.'SSi-Jitheirmistakei .' It takes a noble high and, being, generous, unselfish, to' rnake la Itter-d- y enduring,' aint; ffit pur r principles are where perfectipn epines" jp for they axe pfGo, a nd ho more4 ueed J be said. ' Tiio'vpico' of the wbrling is as'd they knd'hdthing'of usi and it fslvery:few mac win uo ipiu. 11 iney womu lnvesn-gatthereT are 'many candid "souls that would at any rate put their finger on their silent j if nothing more. ' ' li,'aijd! bo' ' ' ' il(T!d be continued.) , 4 - , f ; ., . y . ' , self-sacrifici- ng e, . - . Is . ; " ' .' ; For the iTxroxEM. OUit BOYS AND GIRLS.- - 1. HOME EDUCATION; ' necessity 6i ybun'ff ladies bein'er edu cated in hpuselibld.dbarjtm'b't.s, has . been so 'lpng; and so thoroughly, ventilated,' that it is now a well established and almost unj- ' yeriaily ckncledeii; fact' tfiat eybr girl Should learn (of b4'a good cook "ana 'h ouse-- "keeper:5 U-- -H vj- blended to: complete the charactej;pf a Latter-day Saint ; I ever, desire for, myr friend and associate onp who has graduatedjn" t6e school of trial .andayeraltyjj'fpr in such" I find matter,' for mind, and mindjfor.matyf-- . Gold without alloy will not stand the wear - .m io v.u-.r-.- "And 'what ;abpu; f ne ' jioysV iWillh-- ' siverj' that in; aisoJ Dp myppinioneverl taught 'enough ' about housework, hlhi-sel- that he may al vruys knpiv ho w to make f ' usefuljiabbut Litomej ?:Andj io understand the true dignity of labor sb weil that ' hd would be more ashamed to sit Idly wateh-- iiig Uiis motherland s sisters trudge" abo'Ut ihourhlter hour,' than to be found assisting 1 it t he household dut les which are perforin ed : for his comfort as; well iis theirsrf v. 7 jt f t : 1 ... i 1 A TIIEfnOV THAT DESERVED THE 111 1 ZE. , ' te 1 1 A.A i t - tat iher6;i3fbr vb 'mifcfiiwJifdlttf Wttet rieel I never can be 'taankful " enduh dr dd enough to provd my gratitude to my Father In heaven for His goodness to me. I tbeihour, and thplace. ha caljed,, realizing, fbflhenelyes.th d ayj-an- Jpra; look rivn,p37iph-rQwarcompj to the South r.in 18G 1 nono, ot us'im- agined, orj,. obedience;' tp tjie, call ari 1 thp pathway, carries t hem over the. "deep d. 60 and a wonder a i'dailyiiproblem and solution tbeyimeaauie ;fo? &. . i The", ; , fy many wo vuu nave Jtauc Iimp. lor Vo ipu npiyi ine ; hVeYijoyeton 'having. ti6 fcar df molestaUofi from thb" enemies Of inis vnurcn. xui 10 nuvo anumpio 10 worK in: and lio1' counted "wdrthij' ?6'f Working Foe the EitpHEarr., the sphinx Even tontfre initiatedr it its principles '.are fitted LI meV w P&ACTICAL iw, tbrOuerh every jntricato 1 rgo their-stud- . - ' those arenpeo If;?ld, jiuy voieirsiiKMJi, jnarianoieaus jand iruides them - ihy home. In ;: - .tfA?by,. day,, thistrA jhadTffardftinjes,!? andv havo, felt isolated andnos forgpttenj rbut our Father, , bqs for. -' thei future byAhe past;;and;; by that mode .their faith is renewed and fed, and ono,of their daily testimonies is ?that; awho; IY" to ; ea God , r- LA V 1 lem; of the nineteenth century; n Zion" Wo ' - ; MORMON1SM. ofifxrodernitimes! ; 1 makincr us 'savl0r3 on Blount a 1UJA1 - - -- J Mormonism, so called, is truly THE; prob- 1 can,-testi- - ' ithem r - . n.r the Almighty - We have the ehoose tne good ana reject the evil; we stand in the dignity of a free and "responsible being) and if we : possess wisdom, we ; shall knbWjjiPw to choose, "and that which will be for our good. . Freedom increases responsibility in a we shall need cultivation, mighty ratio, and - ! i ! --- 5 1 1 'A- words1 ' I n at-hor- I "".T7 I ay , discard, the foolish uxo1 tdkhfonaoi, day and have' set our faces and fm'.gla'd WMt&Vtik uu eiruiiio lauona sucn as are worn oy to" go into "1hlbb,aanabn'def,, idre' 'allowod ' th'Bf enjDle.) thanks !to oiir - beloved VfeL ent whd feels ftndt J Babylonish fastir6'ri:s muia nbt'Wadmiitea Ins6 hbl ajplace as the Temple of Gbd.Wb have a fevV among'tla who lovd theiser' things, and wddo hbpe'and pra that olir feistera ho7 come' librd' Wfll e j and i f th ey fileax6 thclri fashioni t appreciate iho'Jprivllege asf I do they will ;n6t.mindiiravelihg'a; few mile forlhe op-- t poxtunity tot rdeoivingrLblessingsVin aithp J llsnovcri did anyth Lngl th 1 House-pf- i 1 that was so ddigh tiul to tme as Any daily jaboi;s;Inijthp Templp.ntTho;pence:ofjGod is to .there d all who. go 1 there, thoeamo. mTjiQiepplo ,here;in Dixie Jujyo '' I - ,18J 7. 1 -- . tth, - too perfect they are unfit' for daily use; the la w of bur planef is'lmperfectiop.'cbmbinprt with all that js? grand, great and beautiful, on every, part of It thev impressof 'taringdnd.' the Vvoxd good' stamped iipon treityi- tplyotijisPa sister 4n theeverlasting GospeE I am still ' a true believer pf the sameGosp'el' that I Z, haVeibdenlcpnyerted : to Jthfrpugh ;Bf other Morgan's preach ing, I have been hbping to see the day when I could leave Babylon; and I am itfll in hojfies,;and think that the - Lord wilU open upthei way, but vthe prospects for immigration are-- very gloomyias yet) the brethren have not been successful in selling their land So far, it seems "that they can't do much, towards emigrating at this time, in consequence of being poor and not being able to do. anything much for themselves. There are several of the brethren who cannot help themselves to emigrate, if they anH sell their land. There is a vast multitude of peoblo in our midsc who have been plunged into great poverty, In consequence of the late war, and my father and family are among, 'that unfortunate number. They have only thb sale of Ihefr land to depend upon, and find no sale for it : I tell my parents that I do not think that I can-sthere; I do not think I will have to'remain a great while, or at least that is my fueling now; and as it greatest desire o; gather witli' the saints in 'Zion, I do earnestly hopo,!that I u& I may bo able to accomplish my desirej ' feVthat the Lord' will render h& aid urttb :niey':,Tiz' Z':i I remain as ever your sister in- the true 'atiU evierIating:Gosjei, u t ii ' Miss Joan Manning.-- ' ' ' v !!:.: . i ;' , m or improvement; instead of one as i no ' " ; 1 ! (X, Rome, Geokgia, Oct. TElMTORF ExPONENTr t Ion and tear of every day life I own.to Ilk! b yo iid: desire .oj earth bu t -- for gbqdi and, 1 , , $Tp&fff$ltoJ$4& i EXPO NeU T. Oil A NyS ; ; Last Twen tydouriir of July,'- after the 5 - Jublleblifrsihe oflthe iuoernacie7inepeopleT 6RbeTTweniieui Ward had an entertainment at their, school house. Here prizes were close -- . SUbbath-'SchVk)- old-fashion- !' ed distributed amon'g the yourtg folks under certain 'ages for superiority in different accomplishments. Among other things of interest, one of the" most pleasing items was that a young' gentleman' 'obtained a handsome prize for the best loaf of bread. This , iittlp- point) is- hot 'so Jmfortantvin.l Itself as i wero the circiimstaniies which, led to it. .After being occupied with outdoor work for a portion of the day, ;our young gentleman heard jbte sister remark that she must make and bako twoibatches of bready-on- o for the to take to the schoolhousc. family and one -- - - 