Lake City and adjacent towns, but to supply country., places,, .with 'articles' In. InVline of to fit up goods. He has suitable books on band choice Mid Hegantglibraries, for private Jmi-lie- s and also public libraries for schools, Sunday Schools, Young Men's and Young Ladies' d Mutual Improvement Associatians.havlng his establishment with all the best Standard Histories, the Lives of celebrated men and women ,and all the works of the greatest poets, male and female, of England and America. These books are of various qualities of binding etc. varying in price accordingly. Christmas boxes made up cheap at Mri James Dwyer's; work-boxe- s, and woVds, from the prixiciple hones xnu musu uavo ltupuciu connaence id this Being. ' 'WnW-Udways, , If you .are In dangerf Injlheast, ou must believe In, !'O0dfjah'd:!asK.&m; 'to' fescue faitR njngfe be you, to preserve- - you; anft-yQu- r, vjruu. 1 Then let the this boasted Republic, defrauded of every right man claims for himself, once more' assemble under the shadow of the National Capitol, and demand in the sacred .name of LlBertjran Amendment to the Constitution of the United States protecting the rights of women citizens. free-bor- The women of Utah have been solicited to aid the National Suffrage Convention at Washington, in preparing for the Sixteenth Amend- n oa our ourHeave - :A . ''y;"'" women citizens of t Ii would not naefirf"An'V'JfttHe'MhX er and mother rBbfrlacieJbmliav a spirit in yeti, nd ttiei?fattierf Yhatirii; is et A shttd V oeueve .f,Llb'ibil r. . VnaX it ySy imbirje1 , l box. InYancyJ sW 1W natural bdyilf vAs, soon as eyifCflnder; stand ftophtotg At ; .ahsqtii 'rsds, my llitio child, but'yU'liaT Spirit with! n you Were Mr lbtSlW.' this ' ipfrfty ot! ) self-gdvernme- that 3 Whyhe Is the uliprfyqurjiver faxm areyQurjfahexaridM -- h; Teach (falsehood without corchU by yonoWn aclr yuuuucuuo iu iuiui ki :j ' call at Mr. Dwyer's. He calls His only tegQtten son die a rapsow for our ains.,!,And aaaoon,as ihey can under gtandj teachjthemjwilh! regard tq jeorfnal sin. Teach them to have implicit; confidence ' and every time ;tbey need wisdom. ,ttj ask, for wisdom? and ask (oprnnderstandipg; and fjvjery time the jr are vint t jtrouble jwk :out r Heaven Jy Father to give i them fecinfort andi tiieyLwill feel joyous instead : of grievous, land will feel a bnnvant feeli ns? Instead i of ikst down-- t Teafih the children to prayk? that when they arel)large enough to go ihto the .field with their fathef, DISCOURSE . BY PRESIDENT BRIGIIAM YOUNG, DELIVERED ,,7, , (,f , they may tave th faiththkt If theyi arela In the Tabernacle, Ogden, at a Meeting of the Belief Societies of Weber Covrit danger they" will be Iprotecie'd. that those' good :anfe REPORTED BT JAMliS TAYLOK. : v :i:icNTlNTJED.3;:!: One of the nicest things in the world tyfo.let an enemy alone, entirely, and it mortifies )iim to deathry If your neighbors- - talk about you and you think they do wrong in speaking evil of you, do not let themnkno.w that you ever hear a word, and conduct i yourselves, as if theyalwaysdid fight, ahdt will mortify them; and they will say, "We'll not try this game iWomen any longer.' Ii have eeen men, andare'mlser-, ako, that are never happy until they ableand never easy until they are inpajn. k These are little things; but ?lsndt the world - LlJ;: J andmiand ; ; trtck-o- The whole earth is composed of these small atoms 6f sand. j Our A lives are made? up ot little pimple: eircumatan- 1 Tees that amount to a great deal when they are A brought tbgether,1and sum tip the whole life of the man or woman; and yet itiour passing from one to another our; little ctsj and Hncldents seem to .minute . or 'simrjlei but tfe find : that they amount to a'great deal. ? : Tnw. r( r rsl w voi learn these thin 23 I want to see the children it this people grow as theyjBhould; I want to ga,'ajlitvle farther with regara to our cnuaren. UQrnmence,.moiuerp, as quick as the child is oldjenough to jut derstand, which Is quite you ngv hey observe the acts and doings of the mother and wheyer is present. ,From these act they imbibe their little-'things- ? r J saii &&iVe&tin6fa there is not so much as a pair of our heads fails to the ground without ti4 lice ofV-6enly Father. TeapH themtsethlngn You can sowitheews .of . inMiy&Mhey chijpesot tliafc will grow there. Teaiqh the when they go.outotfte - : made up of that Teach5' Jthem ?are! ministering aiige!, to fdahf arid' tetect spirits, the just and' pnre? watch over them? contlnu- ally. And teach th'emranr iofixtW say that there are not many' mothers wlio do teacin lt iiKr ,tkrltritnia iiirtArtAa. fhnf. t,hv Triftv ' ing tlikt lm fliavenly athejt ta'kes icogiilz-anc- e of all our acts, and doings, ana of us as aire ti&tit "1'!il8:;i19:I877. ;V'l:yp': h : told; rection. Train Half-breed- se com-iorta- ble l' ; porte-monie-s, ment. Conventions to be held at Lincoln Hall, 9th and D, Sts. Washington, D. C., January 8lh and 9th 1878, which will be the Tenth Annual Washington Convention. We give belorrthe Circular gent to us. All Woman Suffrage Associations and all friends of woman suffrage throughout the country who believe that it is the duty of Congress to submit a Sixteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution prohibiting the several states from disfranchising United States citizens on account of sex, are cordially invited to send delegates and letters to this Convention. To secure the passage of this Amendment by the Forty-fiftCongress, making allowances for all the contingencies, we .need to be sure of fifty votes in the Senate, and two hundred votes in the. House of.Representatives It is therefore of vital importance that delegates should be present at this - Convention from every Btete should call upon her entire state delegation in Congress and urge them to attend the Conven tion and hear the discussion of the greatest political question of the age. There are members in both Houses of Congress who assert that no woman has ever personally appealed to them on this subject. Yet Lucatsaie m men wuo noia our whole question in the hollow of their hands. That there may be time for these personal appeals, the Washington Resident Congressional Committee have made arrantremnfo entertain all delegates for one week. Delegates are requested, upon their arrival, to call and register their names at Riggs' House, 15th and Q Streets, where will be met by members they or the local Committee ,and assigned to quarters. , ; .All delegates are requested to meet at ' the Ladies' Reception Roem of the Senate at 10.30 ' ; Monday, Jan. 7th, 1S7& , trutlnessrrNeyerhni nor the color of a heardfroTnlTut ' 1' V'H:,'1';! Representatives. The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs has trie just reported favorably a bill to enfranchise Indians, who have always made of th&ir women beasts of burden. This Is an radditidnal peril to the women citizens of theTCTnited s and IgnoStates. The Mexicans, rant, vicious men voted solid against ?Woman Suffrage In Colorado, while, yery where in the United States the dram-selle- r, the drunkartl, the profligate help to make the laws which control the property the wages, .the persons, and the children of the ; intelligent swomen of ' . ,. ; this Republic. s'.w month The Forty-FourtCongress-- spent after month investigating I frauds l in ; remote states, protecting the rights of men who did not know. how to read the ballots teyh cast, while all the7 wives and mothers sisters and daughters in the land are forbidden to vote for the party of their1 choice or ' to exercise at the ballot their jright of Russian leather and many other things pocket-book- s, suitable for Christmas gifts, can be bought there at reasonable prices. Santa Claus should not fail to look in at Mr Dwyer's as he can find loads of beautiful and useful things to distribute on his round this coming Christmas. Mr, Dwyer is Special Agent for Heliotype Engravings, published by James R. Osgood & Co,, of Boston. These engravings are choice reproductions of the most attractive European works of art, and are fast gaining unparalleled popularity. The Heliotype is the only method known of obtaining for one dollar, pictures that would otherwise cost ten dollars each. Tasteful and inexpensive frames will be furnished if desired-Thcpictures are copied from paintings by the best artists. There Is a very great variety of them, suited to the tastes of different persons. Will Santa Claus please , " ' sup-plie- writing-desks- first impressions Now; mothers; do you want your children to be palnts,wen; hey are grown up? Do you want your aons and daughters to be good and great- - and their lives filled up with usefulness? 5'CertainJy wlthall jpfuaxW Then lay that foundationE rtei figure life by teaching each littlochlM wliailtt snould do. Teach that childh&nestyT The Committee on Privileges and Elections have unanimously voted to grant hearings to delegates froni every seetion5 of the country; upon Sixteenth Ajnehdment Petitionsgin ning January 9, at 10.30 A. M. A favorable report from this Committee will have Immense weight with both Houses of Congress 'and all be the State Legislatures.'.' "lSe;ate:will-"alff- f is prepared not only to retail books etc. in Salt tn ln .tl lUrtAi-K- f- ;pan you wnie tbthls j- i m J beiy 1 : . 1 York' City''by published Weekly in: .New ! 'iff f Ix li ifif -f , ivuua lutjii xvviituu. -- -I -- t i M7 ; ME3Elizab?th-- Ings hav0 been wldelyxirculated fox. many years, and .who lias distinguished herself: as nn knthnr.In nrosA and Doetrv ot real merit, has charge, tftl present, 13 rstorof an rlq. depindent Churbvafc CanaslotaN Jr.ll;mvOt-..f.f- t 113 t hll iii'?ir om .oin' 