;. - ' f fc. " ,: : ' - ' '." "' ' ' ' ij. k ' ' ' ' : z 67 -- vj.Vbat is all this nohe about? .'rid "3Tl - I ;rv r t '" ' '.r.v.t. a n nail rtnir inilt. They cannot feesfa woii I sayj cannot read, or think or write,' - one. sleepy, every ' II i ; I flotft Jmow what I, want todo, "-- '!-,- r 't w f . : i .r 'jTor alMjt rosyheekedeaV K 'J ao. Oh, the 1 j Why! ji : , , fco-da- ,. r- j ; Ulft'J :s 1 V;?ftJI UVilo Saa auu n, $rt asks. wav 'bflf Iri the babyhood has grown, r uauu uvr lUUtOI t a' I t. ' I, ' i 5 boa -- Lv; r i "Ji7-- 8hoH? tDjn h. J8 'en'dld 'ion chanire ton butkrflV."' f -- JFf Y0 iJlao, I xmot laugh whUetJC 'fnjj: Lookon: tbq new and doubtful sight. ui The wide earth luring thee to; goj n a. 1 n . Temptations smile; ftmbitioa's cal); ; ' . And hou a raanl life's ways mu&t know, lust meet the lessons one and" alt And I hare fleen tby brightest love! tiotf weak alas! thy mother's arms, They cannot keep thee, I Lord above, r Lead Thou my darling safe, from harm. k;VT.-- .' :i J. - - AGVM-lOJQf- i .? .x'f&l&Qlteh Xeeling; CROCHXROir. tAAiV- t- - 11 tb . 1 877. oi bay. iq : steal - r ." black wkvi auiLt'-- i MHl&$ W. hexe, -- ii7 ve -- clivltvon tho other side;- We all if the' dream- indicated any things it: irieaiit - - 4 r? Veil U -- : - dark ; difficulty or. trouble through wh ich the President would ' have to pass For several daygi previous tQ getting the sad ;.newsr' L had an ;. impression l that some great eventwas about to bappen.- - 5; -- !"r Day before yesterday, Aug. 80th,:we re celved f the melancholy intelligence ; offline death ot President Young at, one jminuto past four. p. m. the. 4ay v preyiousu,BefQrQ night (Aug. 0) all'the, ;paper8;of Jthis oun ..try. had thoaccpunt of hls'death in.heni; some!" 6fwthem withVcomm'ehtsr but 'mostly containing the, pimple telegraphic news, of v' some-sudden- l : - ; ' "'i;t fiis death.-- ' Two years ago!' i he aam6 Slid1 newi of the dea;qrrideniqeor Bmlth gashed bver the' wires' jto' thi jnationii of the eartbi and cetvlea 'It hws in theV;sa u ridf iMsef resiaent ;oHhe - ; tQ-d-ay pnWfc ai0 iw Yoan.We;w stunned wlh?ramazement'Wd'; get,.Hurnod round" ail did and fancy you! came.in at the south end of the valley and, are travelling uorb, ion the .'is;ej&ctiy reversed As you Vriroceed through tho1 , Vou ' notice its'rolliri?' character rlnV this' part. Up and down, ud' and down.' without 'any noticeable 1 cessatioW WA ou" pass through ;Paris,Vour ' eye Is painfull aware oi ine lact tnatiitnere are no tree& relieve-tKe Kbthingmonotony' of mud rooTs and log --houses. 'Paris seerns ta bo A thriving liUlblaceafad 'sbme' few -- brick l modest rlheads. houses : are' tearing4-thei- r Along the: road you occasionally seo'snark- ling, litid streams d Water, dashing, splash uuo jmeir: way, ; tneir i banica generally overgrown tvith willows. v This Dlaco fa Inst about two miles from Paris-- The principal thought I; remember of being in. mind on arriving, hero was, how rflamcmy Naturq i andashMf dowria -- bearlazily wendincr its way across - ld Jiprsesif ook 'airlght 5 7 verdant .'ri 1 li the road. We had ample time to mark, its different points, ere his bearshjp iras lost tp yiew in me surrounding trees. ,vYou, do not; leave tbo caflon until about four milM fromXiberty, .which is the'first settlement you reach InfBear Lake Valley!" K6wt don't' true riding in Hfs carriage', when suddehly his .liws 5 Is.!, iM lil n aS It resYrfeuiHlcK ife f61d;piibliibrriing 4 very tusyjaod Tjemrrj j?vt around .hla Sept ,ne 6t tiiphl distknee-chal- n ' . Bii66MrNGTOir, .remarkable, health r and yigor. one gramr weeping While ridrig alqrijer, anon ' gazing at one lone treej5 then peering 'into the dark recesses ot lmpeneirable forests; the thought came up in my mind, ah; well. i if the oak with its1 stixrd v: burlv shana;'i9 ting of the forest, is not the talli state! vl beautiful pine its' rt)yal consort? At a sud- - correspondence. .... ,,t Iff f 1 "cafions tha gring, yi vjdiyjfo;iher through it mind stories "and lecrends . o Ihel ancient h" pic an country wiiu, ruggeu mauniains towering lar aDove you, and clear to the tops just one black mass of pine forests. The woody smell is fragrant and pleasant. , liroqgh tho caflon you twist and turn, how pulling up 'steep hills, now tearing down on the f other side.' I was forcibly reminded of a' little poem I had read somewhere, about the wind, when first allowed to roam tho earth, it tried every species of tree to ..find a homo,, but tinles-mournfu- 5 ' i , , t ! t4t pn thenigrpf hlct see ugust was dissatisfied until it final iv rebuwirt ho $ea.utifo'f plne.f Here it. resolved to make Its abode. The swpe t, wailing sound issuing, from these!' trees is'-- sobthiner 'and at r : , 1 yrohl a cradled ttlhg td a thJb' bf flight? i -- I fi1 rPPWjiwHWkty -- aracterof-thf II fice'nprv i.q nhantrpd. . THa .rnr1.tiiAUflt'fllnno j. "'starting m sleep 'wnenl fay Um flown ;' ..Jfccarl'IS hVffiy wltn swlf ralaraisr IhWMle steady'oticr)Bure,'.tuJ runs around. ; . Uf v if'-.- i (JniTboyI to thint that vmt i'l WotiM choos to'siide from your pother's '4 ,withcomes ; frowning mountains iidbli like seritlnel over a group of rambl I ng youths and maidens. At last we reach tho too and bee in, lo &areamic1iTldVana.ine Jey, &turaybasVw our general mail jitey, which gives 6s plenty to busy ourselves with! until evening 17 ! ' W"; can on?perfectlyr surmise the anxiety. and grief :into which all the Saints r are plungedrJby. the sudden and, to us, most unexpep.tec demise oi rredentj. 3ft ung. Vo had not samuch asheard & syllable, of his sickness, and ;hftying watched hisjatwrs ' through th BettleEofents, as publishda in L i uvvufl wjj icouuig A ; fld the whole cduntrys tmth, befrtpore; 7Ufcfithiibeen i i ihfir- - ftilvpr RtrpamA f tl sh ed down ' th raaiA ratflnnsr ' iarid Sral leya: - , placed, beside me then,' your IJeigb I liko xchfiA hftrA Ana sae forgets her Crowding tasks iHAlid'gltesWttt kisses twaand three. rpud?) wen his first step alone, Hi?P9 He out of hb hasten to drop you a: few lines before leaving fqr Leeds this jfterhoon. ! Mountain after mountain,, hill after ,'hilli vale' Vfter vale stetched out in ndlcs3eiu-tv- : ?: JfT) l OA I 3 And the nappy, words cut like a knife.. ; ; "Ibb baby is Walkm alone Um6J4hia little life; : s, -- ii I long Plodding earHy along, mv comnanioh' 'i1lftd mo to halt: and turn around and gaze on the scene below With a cry 01 aengnt iiastenea"my'rapi' eyes on the erand nanorama stretched below rae. and at oncq fejt amply .repaid for.all weari-po- tossmrBymy high and low! " And the baby's as wild as either one, The darling little household prince! O'er racket of chairs that fall as they run, t ' 'He :shrieks with joy; :I fairly wince; v EXTRACTS FROM LETTERS OP ELDER JOSEPH R 'SMITH, TO HIS 'fly' tip1 this bir4lwiih?jxjrlo tedious road yourself a ; mile girl, '- " 6onr: walk,4)uj; as yo gradually ascend you wish' ThVKunSW tboeebbot'Iftefc ibeathroafh r ici '.JI? ears so sbarpjit make me wink.; I ? .how,the bjP curled So sittsn smooth a hop i Yours as ever, eaautuuyi? .This Tair beauty Safari iincieA'Hebe. .: -"'', 'I'orhAMaa'ImartryWthlnk; s agsiipst Jre' ; rAn3 they were ' 1 evetontrJyedL tprige ts,o many endless! and rise, until beholdi they, are mountains,, and you witness ;!lha'( VpveUy'in this country, a canoq of soft , sipping mountains, thir iutlii?es ,fraf efully curjvljg &v& 4799P THE BABY. most fe masay 'UhexpctedsadTOte consolation in the;rfededtibri 'tHatJ unlike his ! predecessor, the Prophet Joseph Smith;' ho died not' by' vtolence fn thd mldstifof ehe mle but 'in v jeacein ? trio; midst of his Jamily, 'and in itho midst tff 'his friends. ' c And now may ;thd spirit of 'peace and; unbroken union' brood overiho councils oi: the Priesthood and t upon the assemblies of(All IsraeL' The spirit, ofipeace abldeaiwUh ms, for we know the ,Lord jQodcOinnlpoten reignelhj and IIo is.. t,he(masterrbuilderr o( BSa: own House.it JiQod bressUjall"1 - ; V 1 i I.J 'Mns. Slfzabelh' "Thompson !has ;rarde an appeal to the thinking people ;6f "America by offering prize's ibr the best article on the "Labor Question" In its widest scope. : They were to bo sent Tables New i York,'befo'ro'the first of October Miss Rose: Eytingo jAf ill j appear, o most ic prominent rNewrEngIanilff lecturer Jn-ih- courses too coming season. 7 