wo m a 2 s "ex p onent: : ' . " r Mabie Aonese Wxian, L. City, April, 1877. S. - 4- - : Thereare, three reasons, each one sufficient to prevent the realization of woman's grandest i possibility. First, consider h er treatment , for. ages forbidden to think,, CRITICISM ON "WOMAN AND HER ERA." .v : - - Allow" mo to return to you that priceless book .'Woman and her Era" with many thanks. You ask me to give a few criticisms on the work.- - This is beyond me, for all criticism Is lost in admiration! For erudition, breadth of thought, sound logic, and fine language, this , woxk, In my opinion, surpasses all writings on the woT man question. - ; The best expression of my opinion of "Woman and her Era" should be introduced into all female educational establishStudents in every ments as a class book. art seek eagerly the most beautiful models, knowing that on the perfection of the mode their own perfection greatly depends. Now the woman revealed to ; ment's contemplation. suISces ta fnsplre even the frivolous; mate, if not equal its 'exqusiteharmonlefj and we know that desire is the. mother of effort. An extract from Mr. Buckle Impressed mo so much that I felt impelled to make a little commentary upon it, which I submit to your opinion. He says "our greatest admiration should be reserved, not for those Who make the discoveries, but for those who stid w now to make these discovi wifh-adesln- f He; solves great problems before poets; prove, . I in-ducti- S3 ' nTl - womi00! Lwook , ; , L " - brain-substan- slef n. vo . That ..pV.. ias ; endured pre- . --- :sfritf Intellectual, the boast our civilization, is proof, enough of .tW great-'- -, nesspt woman!. And that sho has brought . to her feet her worst; libelers, supplicating her help to raise, tbetqahe higher plane on which she stands,' proves her power. That she has gla'dlyi. stretched forth her hand to these her ehemjes'without one word of reproach, demonstrates her divine possibilities. Knsiaved, insulted, bul Inspired-wome- Catlin taught and breathing through the nose. 1 1t' would sceni tudtbu iuuC'WU4 cuuucu uuuii juui xuyuvu is oeanngiruiu in viermany, wnere new inougnis feceivo more "attention from physicians thaja 'ariy- wnero else in' the world, Ivespiration by the - certain extent fits tho air for enter- The noso to ing' the"t!angsT!rfi? against breathing an air loaded with poisohous vapors. 1 ho moisture of tho nasal rantief to some extent" saturates the air and'makes it less irritating to the throat nd lary nix i The mucoulf the nasal passage and the hairs catch thot'dast before it goes far enough to: harm. . Oa jthe other 1 -- hand, breathiiigi through tnemouiJi: dries itho throat, and in children may cause false croup,;ca-tarr- h, and ItTmay k affect thq Eustachian tube as iv Muw iiijux iu luu car iiuu A-- uuaiucai Cc TTnTTQT?TTnT Tl TTTMTQ To Preserve Fruit: for V Years. Take bottles and fill thenrwith currants, cherries, gooseberries, raspberries or strawberries. Cover tha inouths with thin- - muslin' and place : them in a icettie ot warmish water,; not ahoye the neoks of Hhebottlesv0 Place them over the fire; wide-mouth- ed 1 ; xuh wkc mtm out' auu- - cor uguuy, made of resin and tallow- -1 putting sealing-wa- x two parts resin' to one of tallow-all-ovthe corks and necks of tlie 'bottles. Bet thenP la' a7 nrl rirxf r truant inio rITiT H Anrlo HAmhw a e iri rn . the fruit will retain its flavor perfectly f Cauriuower VSalad.-Bo- a ujlnwcrin salted 1 i er -- ? ; . -- I cbtdcui it up neauy m small f spngs. - , r ' lieat, np , together arA 'Ana ' inWocrvrAif ' of Uirogqn vinegar, with pepper' arid sait tQastc J thrPA iAMpsnlnnnfrila rf nil ,rub the dish.Tery 'slightly with garlicjarrangetlie I finely minced and the least bit of .dried thy ma and ' uitr. on ana, vinegar Aitjuim wuuruu. ' liant fs' , wm;j u, wuiiugwuf: ou uf-- BirfcTT, over vneca soma 1f caDera. ft little' tftrra'cnn ' rTrrir ft'nrlri-rclo- - tho ordeal of scorn,- of ridicule, Of sensuality, with its jyilejo.kes finishing processand yeti&day can i show theJ brilwoniarA braiDjand.jrit'tagreat... Breathing through tho Mouth. ; rogatives. isurinlv hothinff in'tHem- - er consumption ol.its suDstance,. until it,is;S0fCX-hauste- d that there mav not be Dower enouslileft " receive to a supply. t ' , perceptionsthus losihgv,aU. their high Men stimulants selves; they. goad tbe i , ce J Woman's position is one of warfare; all her energies and "her faculties are concentrated to resist the enemies inflriito in number. , Her vision, instead of contemplating the beauties of truth is ever on the alert for an aftac Thus the force that; should enable her to soar to tho highest realms of genius is expended iin fighting those, who by all that Is sacred in nature, should.; be !heY 'helpers and protectors.. The' third reason Is in woman tierselt The idea of woman's inferiority,! has been so strenuously inculcated,4 so continually reiterated, that the women whoso motto Is "ExcelsIdrH-imagl- ne that mentally they must become men. Fatal error II to attain,5 or rather to descend to the masculine standard, these women with a heroism and fortitude truly feminine, - endeavor to crush their spiritual nature, to stifle their god. like affections, to bandage;-thei- r exquisite to-da- y fact-seekin- leandS , neers!, . ; e- -- that this real conviction of truths which ith how could she. develop reason?. Forced to consider herself an inferior, and despise as weaknesses her most divine gifts; wa3 it likely she could cultivate these gifts under such conditions? To this day woman is heavily, shackled true, brilliant:hu ed flo w- ers, gold and jewels: sometimes hide the chains, but the chains and their dismal clanking is heard at every step that woman takes. , Intellectual power, the heart's truest emotions, yea oven the aspirations of h ensoul have been, and still are fettered so long, so cruelly fettered, that 'many, cannot live without'their chains, and If man she.ws an inclination to sef Her free,,8he :fehinds herself and; her sistersbinds themliand and foot to the ; iron" pillar-o- f custom, and Mrs. gjyes Jho keyof the same to Grundy, than .whom no jailor was over; mora cruel! tWht thenican bo expected ) of vaculties tb us crajnpe, benmbed palsied,atrophied-can- ,, they t instantly.; regain their; tone and compete with faculties that throughout ages have enjoyed every favorable condition and impetus? Mature answers No! The .profess are now. opened to, wolook aihe'entrkuces to men) grantedbut ' thjBm, iffe enchanted , palaces of , malevolent entl were not more difficult 6f; access. Torns,; spears, fire, and taunts await .the braved all 'bbid'4n;va n thesetth, super-humaCourage she has trodden down the thorns, smiled at th e taunts, and thrust aside the weapons. But who can chronicle the horror her sensitive nature has " endured, the soul.shrinkings, the concealed agonies of . those'gloribus pio. sciousness by MrFarnhanv ;i3 is&trutfr. f fully perfect in every outline;' tfcat amoy think we may term inspirational form of reason, according , to Mr. Buckle, this is the iighest method of reasoning, approaching to the Divine! In proof of this he cites the numerous discoveries which have emanated Irom the Inspiration of a woman instead of being slowly approached by a collection of facts the method. Facts are necessary to a prove truth, but they often fail to discover it. Now this writerand, in :ihis:assertion he is supported by all, who have studied the subject, asserts that woman reasons wholly by the deductive method, and that she has unknowingly, very much aided human progress by keeping g in. ductive man even against his will; on the threshold of inspiration's: Temple from whence ever and again would flash a ray of light irradiating for a moment the darkened Universe, dissolving to man's groping vision glimpse of the abode of Truth is the Inspiration highest form of reason, and woman is essentially What a vista of a', glorious 'Inspirational! reveals. When freedom, enables woman to be truly a woman, a highly endowed;respon3lbIe belng,-- n0t an ornamental chattel; when a right education undaunted 0&s??na steps of v altavto gazo uponthe the radiant light ever glowing there, with d Zzled, when with a strong tS:8JJe ,throws open wide the doors of Temple, with the light of Urutfa; then iU neJrT exalted,, and. consequently enllgh tecome4ike- unto Godl" Vmea, 06111"163 cries out', if endowed with tho highest Sleep is tho Best Stimulant.- - The best posai-bl- o tiling for a man to do, when he feels too weak to carry anything through, is to go to bed and sleep as long as ho can. This is the only recuperation of brain, power, the only t. recuperation of brain-forc.because .during sleep the' biram. Is in a state of rest, in a condition to receive' and appro priate nutriment from the blood. Tho , supply "cf new can be had only, from tho blood, which it obtains from the . food eaten Drc- - j viousIy;;and the braiq can.best Kteldnprb-.- - . ' them, belong to the' deductive, ; or as HYGIENIC NOTES. : dear Madame: eries," ' - ; Argus. My mocked, yet the aureole of Divinity still beams upon her brow to 'guide man heaven, ward. ; reasoning method, why has she riot found at place in the,' ranks of discoveries? uWhy now that . the professions are open to her does she not more distinguish herelfS Why indeed! ; ' These objections are easily answered. be worthy the sublimity and never ending is beauty, the promised joys of that which to come. . 39 over, and serve. ;riw 1 J 1:: n lARTUii' culture runs to the orrmtej ax"- -. ;V trempjculttiro tq slmpilclt.; aI do not wish your assertions to piss for truth, madame., -- You can easily prevent it, sir, by repeating-- them yourself." I can't say I admire your stylo of acting said a'; landl'adyj to a strolling player,' : When he'ran away without paying his bill. -- ' : 