M&M & N "lessmat He !stera! should ask should lead you In the patha of life, and further, you should lay hands on your sick children' and rebuke diseases 'IjH faith add rwwer 'us fear .(dand and God will hear jfotu work righusness, ind I pray tot:' ;ther splfH of jce.Vnd the blessing may, rest "' f . Bomdopielbi ops"siiy"tbcyw'tiId41 41... M ItL Wiiuyui uio biu kIVDt.4.i.r a3i0iaiiuc.ui cuju .." jji -4t, tuo CLatcia lookhg after, the poor.and otheir duties; to som j it looked curious to have to ask the'advice'and ma oi monusiers. not on it jii me uaues navo mentioned,! but :r l auld -- are and their salvation and welfare are just as much concerned. I like to see the, sisters bear their proportion of the labors of the kingdom, that they may share in its blessings. Women are ' more susceptible of receiving the truth More women In propertiori than ' men. obey the gospel than men. I merely state this : as a fact which has come under my observation,' and I believe' that they have a more're fining influence" in a community; they might; extend this Influence In inany wajjfs,1 "For Instance the girl s could jelye;iiWfmarryf a man who is addicted to Vicious oV degrading habits.Th would hayef.a good tendeheyjTj think,. to prevent drunkeness and rowdyism the use' iof tobacco, etc., although it is' the 'du ty of our young men to, abstain from these habits j without sucli'.irolriwt .Marriage if very ImporUnt buryrpmefi'a Societies should seek to reform our young men . It micht hurt the feelings jef a young sister ito, iwmg we man sue uk.u, DUi you may tie. pena upon u, mat a man win oe. more apt to: reform before marriage than' after, i I? cannot . ii. ; blame a womaq for- leaving a mam who ' wilt continue "to bo a drunkard. Drunkenness brings ruin 'and j degradation to the family! The drunkard destroys his family Sacrifices house, home .' andf interests, until; finally himselfandlayes his family In poverty;1 H is a true saving that there aremanyimeri' ja the world who, deservenb wife the time will come when they will not hare1 '' ' ' lM ' ''A ": ' ' '" 'wives." This house Is a creel It to thb "sisters ' of ayf- - ' - ? ; -- - he-Mil- s aallhd ' 1 4 true' Latter-da- JBXoilngi ' . ? I we will m'eet,ctir l..'hi:"s. one isnoiuean, dud jivcs in uumi, ne ics- :r urrectldh.";i,'; - , " T.zS. Trovo, Feb. 23, 1877. 1 ; - r t ! Editor ExrosENT:i ' c . - 'Our etren;chmeni1(tprilzti6& ; haat bet n called to part. with one of . its brkhtest orna ments, by the death Vf our well heloYedj Secretary, Sister Martha Ann MurrayiLShe was the daughter, of Jchnj and Martha f Baugh f this place, peceased. was4)prn In ;Balt Lake City, Tonnartr OO cua vi the time 1CW fm .4143 nAanfo mnntni nrtll, l,n ju low,- - up IO occurred7 on wjutMC Biiu jTcBJueu n which of :7her deaths Vednesday Jan. 24th IS'rBheas'iVnosi exemplary young woman, a true' jiatter-da- y Saint, an obedient daughter,, ah affectionate sister, a iialuable' friend, a faithful 'wife, and a: useful member ' of s'ocietV.'For1 mahv years our yoang sister1' lieldj the. sitlon' of rinidsi ia .fepthajr schoolj teacher i it Sunday schooje tele fog rendering herariobject of love t altvho came 4n cola tacVJ;ith her. She' was 'al&fa prominent member of the Wellsville choir, for several years, and was elected Secretarv, of. pur Retrenchment Society at its ''organization both organizations sustaining a scvere'joss at her removal to ax more gloiousj ephef o pf, , ac tfori; Sifter' Iiirrayj'was 'marrlett r ai v27tbi 1 ig ! ? -- stinetof them to hoard up food - for winter;' why. should noiVthe huinan race do the sami? 7 v Gci bless us all,' and particularly, jrpu, myj continue i ijt the jgool j sisters anil help you. wor'you hAye; begun,, is my prayer; t ;it name,pf Jcsus,jtAmea fv,- -; r - inj-.h- irr,! :'!U ii'i 5 2 .4.. ' "- The whole people of, Wellsville followed the .corsel to its last res tin gacenacqnslgned it to mother earth with jnany tears and regrets. Her troubles were short jon this earth, may her happiness bo eternal.. A pjngiilar. coincidenoe in connection "with the blrth marriage an death of siste r Martha, is that Ihey 'all occur-- " -red-ithe month iie i t ; ; n of-Januar- yi wilt raise filly cents worth of flour, how much will it take to raise funds; enough to buy a barrel with? rp a spoonful of yeast : - 1 bloVeciB enjoy liOr lociety through ancridless eternitr; . J I nAvb turned many a womiin's licad,1 boasted- at: young" nobleman of 'France r "Yes;" replied X Tallcvrand,; "awfiy from- - - . -- bv?:;-- .thepresence lofllieri Father in Heaveny aud In tlmilMorningljafihe faithful Saiuts off God shalt be brourit .forth fromi their graveicIothe!lty.mi self-sustaioi- ng . mission-totEnglan- d' pel ; off Jesus Christ; attended to all the Ordinances which will Insure her internal life In " " moptj is piia C, y .- -' prer-servlr- . " ho - -, , ; r , ; . veaied anu win reveal. ..me accompusnment of these purQ?es requires determination, skill, application and Trsevrance. v In carrying put some of ihese purposes, .women are indispensable; i others Jthey can render great assistance. It is their glorious mission. Let us go forth then, and let this be our motto God and His Kingdom before all other, things.? n The. mere .feet that we are engaged inthis work is! a testimony that we are different to all other peo; ple,.: We are rapidly increasing Iii numbers and ' strength in these valleys, spreading abroad and becominga mighty natfqn in, the midst of the desert, which has been made io blossom as the rose, as the prophets foretold. Whenever we want to find a country. for saints to dwell " In we have to seek out such places as Utah . 1, and Arizona. Are we growing In the principles of , the gos--i: Iel in proportion to our increase in numbers and Substance?,, j Are we preparing to be while Babylori falls, or are we drift-- ; Ing after Babylon? Theso matters7 belong to the duties of Belief SocieCies; so does the and storing of the fruits and grains of the earth for our sustenance. The men have beehrand are selling aH the grainr to' 'jiay;ffler: chants, bills, etc.should'a' famine come it Will ' be a ferriblo thing' We ' could hardly bear to 6ee our friends '.an d' neighhors sii flfer' for thej want of fooil, ail should they have to depend on ui4they wilt be k lievyat on n ' Tho In- -' y: - ;her taberoacIesorc;ur sprits is for us to pass through the ordeal and. prpve our integrity; another is to establish, a holy and righteous seed in the earth, arid to sustain - 7.. . She was a loving,1 kind and falthfuVwife and mother, devotlmj her;whole;iifelta4h6 welfare family Herwofth .cannofehe too high- ly appreciated, and .herjpearly jdfa,th isjeeply mourned 't hy her loving," bereaved u husband, children 'and friends', who know heLWOith. . She was the mother j of fourteen children lye sons and nine daughtersh-thre- e have gone jbefpre heri the youngest, a daughter, fourteen days'jOld &t her death, the eldest iEld&Wm... -- -- -- lSj . we-mantHt- fv'O WardJari. I3(h, SatnC 7 " y Died, in the Sugar House 1877vof,puerperali after an illness Jof tetf days, Martha" Aiin beloved :ife of Bishop yfmf C. A. BmoofJ daughter of Perrlguerie 'knd' Julia ' born . Septi ;0 1834 Thedwased came to the valley in ahd was married 'to WM. a! ASmoot January 291852;' by 'Prest, hascome whWitrwiir bedbn tiff "VVI ttr this people and'ttose who wlllj .spifcg ifrom them, and through 1 their Jnstram'enlity, j the ,lrd will establish his kingdom 7andjiustain it ,on the eafth. TheT children of th is , people who have been trained, in: the, light of - trhe gospel will bear ofj the kingdom, though many of them may go to dtstructlpn,: the remainder will stand faithful to the erid.-(i- In eo doing they will have? to withstand temptation, self-sustainin-g, -- will be more successful in storing the grain. It is a good time now to store up for a time of need. The grasshoppers re here, and we can not tell what they may do. - It is wisdom that we should treasure up bur gtal h. - The ' sisters . m' Is a lA!fl' m km jlntn Hit it These things are withia the province and lawful sphere of the sisters' .Belief Societies. The women are just as much interested as the men Died in SpanUh' Fork;" Jani 28, 1877, after a long and painful illness, Mrs. Jemima Jex, e pf William Jex., . She Hved.and died a We need to become who is to than sisters the better qualified bring this ? like The of about God,, kingdom any other and pebpje kingdom, requires space, territory to be subjects of it. Building, manufacturing, agriculture etc, are just as much needed ia it, as in ariy other kingdom, and any' man or is engaged In any of these callings with pure motives, is just as much on' a mis- -- sion woman and child has a missipn. What was God's purpose in bringing u here at this particular time? One purpose was for us to obtain it caving and storing of grain Why be? Should a famine come the women would saving and storing up grain the men have been tried, for years, but they. have continued to let the grain go; now we want to see if the sisters 'OBITUARIES. v . fvomea-iftUtsJ!i)- liberate themselves &cv i They were' enfranchised, and I am glad that the sisters by their works show that they appreciate their privileges. They have done exactly what" I expected they'would do; ' durjenemles thought the women would vote dow; raui&E marriage. TlTe steteraare quj assisting "the bishops. f I tberd, ; 1 viileT i thlsj place' has: performed triY1 creditable work, JtTjie sisters are coming up . towards the mark in their sphere of usefulness, more; than they have been. They are a-- power in ; jferael, and A great one, too. It has torett said by the world that the mrerkeptln that if ' they were enfranchised they woaid 149 ! ;.Vfllwhe Relict Society of ;irestll)1 6 N'EN T - 'ofod' atid'arldewllli S2 EX P hor they'7wiiir Can we together for the best, purposes. ' really find a people on the earth who will uphold the principlesLpf .Che gospel, and )rihg up their children In, the nurture and, adnioni-tior- i olf 4rid sustain his kingdom that it may stand and abide forever? Yes ; the time T it J 9 - ! 