Vol. 6. rr IFor the Exponent." :r' .Si LETTER IV. strand, And watched the ripples beat , Upon the bed of golden sand ' That glistened at my feet. Itipe Autumn's yellow, burning sun west. BTafced o'er the But lingered, re his race was runy I Blood on Erie's foam-wash- ed way-Inspi- to-day- rt To gild each snowy crest With liquid fire in crescents bright And dancing on the sea, ' Like fairy sylph and water sprite In mirthful revelry. Xo cloud was there, the bending sky, So clear and purely blue, Appeared reflected from on hig h To lend the wave its hue;' Which, answering the ardent God That kissed it with Its beams, As down the west in fire he rode, Threw back ten million gleams, The breeze, sweet nature's telephone, ' Swept by in low refrain, Like leaves in trembling monotone Responding to the rain. And sweeter notes to listening ear, r. Though in an unknown tongue, Than came to me. In accents clear, I weed were never sung Unknown? Nay, most familiar song Dame Nature's music is, To all whose thoughts in tuneful throng -Blend with her melodies; Aeolian tidings from afar, Of other lands and skies, Of friends, of home and kindred dear , And all that true hearts prize. , '"T' " r rn Each fleeting day has Its Each pleasure has a sister sorrow; And beurs of future peace remain To heal the wounded heart again. As time rolls on in Its routine, Each phase alternately is seen; And yet it seems as though distress Were longer, lived than happiness; For, whUe our sorrows ling'ring stay, Like clouds that hover o'er the day, Our "happy moments" soon are past "Too beautlfuL', Indeed, "to last." But thoughts like these must burled be . Their sadness has no claim on me ; Away amid some bygone scene, Their epitaph: ' It might have been. For time has taught my yielding heart. , From themes like these to e'er depart, Nor after fruit forbidden may we yearn, For all we have Is all we truly earn. Old Erie! On thy golden'sanded shore. Where waTelets speak, or sullen breakers roar Where hurricanes rush by In furious tone, Or evening xephyrs breathe In gentle Beneath the pending verdure of the moan, woods, High tossing heads bedecked In sylvan hoods, Far from the crowded streets of busy town, I find a spirit answering my own; - ' I hear a voice of moving eloquence. ' I hold with nature mutual confidence, I Uvo where all her changing beauties dwell And feel the things that language cannot tell. ' Clerean? owo, Nov., is77:t ;v : "o. w . u-i- and walking in thorny paths prepare one to enjoy a fuller and more complete happiness when the dark hour is over, when the path which was rough has been trodden down by patience, perseverance and constant toil, and become smooth and easy to walk in ? Are we not each of us pioneers in the great journey of life? Is it not meet that we should bo brave and courageous for ourselves, and not lean upon those who, like ourselves, must carve their own Way through every obstruction? Some women who say find brave, valiant in the generosity of their hearts, Lean up. on me. Sometimes it succeeds admirably; and the woman petted, cherished - and be--z loved glides along, always trusting, confiding, leaning, and is carried through the world without any individual experience, any practical culture of the noblest attributes of life. What are they prepared for when they enter upon another stage of existence? Is this the wisest and best sourse to pursue? All of us who have passed through a long experience know how uncertain it is to depend wholly upon another, because the instances- - are only rare exceptions p which it succeeds. The masses make it an utter failure, as the history of the world, as well as of individual acquaintances, plainly proves. This is a question all of us who are rearing daughters, and all who are: interested in the great problem of should gravely consider. Boys are expected to act for. themselves, to know for themselves; to fulfill practical and responsibilities, and are born into the world imbued with these independent ideas. But men tell us (and women, too) that it is not necessary girls should be educated only to become good wives and mothers; In the name of common sense we would ask, Wnat is their idea of goodness? To keep house economically, to have beautiful, healthy, bright, active, intelligent children (mostly sons), toWear a smiling face under all circumstances, in fact, to be obedient in all things to their lord and master. When all this and ten thousand more things are understood by th o term good wives and mot hers, then the question naturally arises, Will not the task-ba hard one to those who make no preparation' except to smile and, look pretty? Ought women not to be philosophers, to fulfill all; the responsibilities of wives and mothers? - Recently: wo heard a gentleman remark, women were not philosophers, that they never: arrived at conclusions by. reasoning, but admitted they were; quick at intuition, Intimating at the same time that it, answered well enough for them; seem-ingl- y he thought It made very littlo.differ-enc- e whether they were ever really sure and positive upon any point, as that was fox always left for some man to decide them, , ! ; - r life-missi- . . A convention of delegates tor the cause of all the womanrepresenin the United States la to meet in Wast ington on the 8th of January next: and the M women on '-"i . ;;. . v : ,. I 1 NOTES AND NEWS. "I have fin idea to ventilate," writes a correspondent. "In looking over the drawings in an Iron company's office I was struck with their beauty and delicacy, and I could not help saying, Why couldn't women bo, draughtsman? With a practical knowledge of drawing algebra," geometry, and a? little taste and perseverance, I am sure ' an Intelligent girr cbuld lcarn to construct bridges. There is little muscular effort, and the work is indoors.". This idea, or one nearly similar has been already in successful operation In London. In Febru-ar1876, an office was established; and the . , - y, management undertaken by a Miss Crosby, who had acquired a thorough1 knowlodgo of house of an eminent firm the work inthe " of engineers. v"Her:,8uperinienderice was yo given gratuitously. during the first year the workers earned ovOr: $Il300.W6man,s , 1 Woman's Printing As3ociATioN.-Thl- s Association is organized for; the purpose Of giving special facilities; for. the thorough training- and employment of girls, and wo-i men In engraving, and other l light branches, of printing.!, i Also for the purpose of ; publishing; books, tracts, and papers of special. interest-- to .women,, for their education; encouragement; and In all the trades, arte and sciences. f Those; who desire toalst in; promoting this object are invitpd Jo ,tako shares in the Association, and to send orders for prinfingf Branch agoncies will bo established in : the : leading cities, and; correspondents are wanted In all the. principal towns. ' Further Infromatiori may be obtained by v - " -.'addressing the secretary," i v type-settin- g, e -- on - well-develope- d, - ne - life-duti- es v lnhea deIegation . life-wor- k, " th ring 1 , How rife with new-bomystery, As fickle lived as 6trangc. on ? -- should not onty make an effort to be capable of judging for themselves, and carrying their own individual burdens, without Imposing upon others, but that they should be so earnest and practical as to accomplish ' something real for themselves. We talk a great deal.about sympathy ; ; and true," gen sympathyis an excellent recipe for many things, but' indulgence is riot sympathy, and i if one is fostered In indolence It weakens and detracts from the' solid quali: ; , ties which ennoble character. Woman loses her charm for man as soon and wants to as she becomes strong-minde- d know for herselfso says Madame Grundy. Then I suppose it remains for, woman herself to arrive at some practical method of d isclpline in to p rineiple- of true Independence of character, I This canr be done when women care more for the real of mankind and less for the estimation in wh rh thov oro npin nv tyiatt This letter is unsatisfactory, having opened up a subject on" which: soXmuch should be said to make It cleat to the reader, but will our kind patrons excuse this preface, and the following letters may elucidate more fully the object we 'have in - t : Aunt Em. writing; fellow-pilgrim- s, How ever is life's history tttem.mittee Myiaearmr women are nozrpniiosopnersz tney ougm 10 oe; ana rartner, mat mey Does not passing through deep sorrow " Evolving constant change! -- ,' What say the voices from out the long years? Bring they sweet promise tq cheer our lone to action, and banishing fears, Whispering courage and strength for . sea-gi- For tbr Expos surr . AFTER LONG YEARS. LAKESIDE MUSINGS. : , No. 14. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 15, 1 ; ad-vancm- , ; ', lr 4'; " "Ji ; Mrs. Juan Lewis, - No. 625 Walnut Street i Philadelphia," Penn. ' ' t-- . ent j:;:. ! - 