AT! :.mW 0 M H nnrl nnnnvnnpns v v v vw IN GENERAL.; J : :i"fi- M ' '.;-:ix- - r-t v w w k x v v nnpfinftnt, j ' fhft nn w f 61 tho, better, it wil be or wr. for ihpv adver- .Ktir- - rouridings in' 'which we aro placed. The other is a dream Hie, filled with1 the higher : aspirations of our hearts; Tho bright imaginations with which we are wont to whilo away the tediousness of mending Johnny torn jacket.- There- is no romance in the dirty jacket but i with what a halo wo' encircle the curly head that is now nestled down with its sweet face pressing the pillow which our hands have made cleari"and" fresh. :We weave in imagination a bright " 1? " Cho wnnMn't fmrft'nn her ndUffht? Lib; She woUlda't get la her hauyhty crib; She wouldn't do tbls nd wouldn't do that, , And slie yrouW put her foot la her Sunday hat, , Andbo wouldn't look over her picture book; : She irouldnH run out to help the cook; She wouldn't be petted'or coaxed or teased, And she would dc. exactly whatever she pleased She wouldn't have naughty rice to. cat; She wnuldn't be centio and good autfswcetr She wouldn't glve!nie one singlo kiss this? ' ' Pray what can we do with a girl like -- Ex.. ONKHTr -P Sr-RX- 'fosots-'lndTlllreav- - - M -. ,- iuturo for the little fellow, following him forth a stalwart man battling with tho possibilities o.f life, winning honor and renown, holding; high resolves, and ' bringing us comfort arid joy in our life's decline. Alas! . how often are our dreams but idle ones. I saw a stricken lamb, the pride and comfort ', of hLj parents and friends, a child" of rare roriiiso, handsome and intelligent: a bruiso onthlafarmi a Hde ffi nine days the mortal remains of little Peter, putrid and sickening, was all that was left to tell' of tho terrible struggle death had ere ho came off conqueror. How little Iwe M v ' THE BIRTHDAY. BY LOUISE S. UPHAM. sary is always on thealerfcUd f takdladvan- tacre of our weaknesseSi so it behooves us to bo on our guard. (;!oLord,xWni never forsake us if we do not grieve His Holy Spirit. When we aro,. tempted and tried, -- let usRenter our only Father our troubles," and if we go' with a humble and rppntrita spirit He will for-obey gi vo us ourinsDearistwSpletluSj f counsel-oour belored all tho Brigham Young, whether it is in saving grain for a future day, or raising silk or any thing else that he may callr upon us to do. and Let us strive to become as to as well ormake ourselves useful aim namental, arid if we cultivate His holy .self-sustainin- '. ' ' -' sMQttgfMnwleA treasure, . : . ; : A precious babj boyLi With love we greet the stranger,' Our hearts With bliag are mute; A nd Joy and hopeful gladnes g ' Are oura beyond-cpmpute- . ' -- tAl .,- - ' i - ''- X tJ Wo receive the Exponent regularly and I Os read iwitlO nfe teat : ji A. Tatk. all righteousness. - T Our tender floweret seems. ' i' t j t , . i f ' 1 father, we crave Thy blessing 4Tor this dear little one; ; ," W nrflT fnr frrftna trt heln iih - ',-- :itj Perfect the life begun. " i na if.-n ' , " ? . -i With Virtue's sMninghalo. Encircle his 'f air bro w," , A . 'And raise him tip to manhood, : Spotless and pure as now- Father, Thy gift we che rish ; u. iu's ' We thank Thee for our son; f Thine here, or thine in Heaven , j , W;ell say. Tby will be done!? " he . ' tI i' f:"'" ilr'?' nv ibiii iiH..., Selected. " PIPSEY IT-1-" FortbeExpONEKT. FAFS. E L- - Mary. -.- ! ;How small arid, weajs: I, am, lying hre'so" helpless,1 arid thinking ; of rid strong, brave things I should like todbi 11$ tancy goes' out to the faf future arid weaves bright1 pictures, arid dtmVfalFdieams;' of things' longed for, and hopes whoso' fruition may never be realized It takes labory arid deep' ' thought, and steady purpose to accomplish any great good, or.ariso to eminence in anyj particular calling. - I am riot lacking in per- - ' severance, in forethought, in will to,, do, but my puny strength is so weak ' for the; tasfcilhat is laid beforeme. Thord friary r" cares and responsibilities of life call my at- rition,1 fill " up my time, and r uso r the strength of both mind arid body until there Is but littlo left tobattlo with the higheri laws of nature; ' Arid yet'my life Is not fa ' Wank? there may have been a lack of music ' and poetry, but there is much in the .prose Ja depth and .pathos and t fervor. Thero Js; sweetness and tenderness' that imprints the : heart, and agrand subliriaity that awakens tD echoes of old tIme;mu3iaJri,out' 1 soul, and resounds to a higher Impulse than the lyric strains of a riier6 rhythmical sensation. ? How little wo , know as" 'wo aro plodding among the interriiiriable cares and perplexi-- " ties of the dull of daily life,' tho bright possibill tiea tha t lia in th e future AVerUve two Jives, i Ond, the. outer ' Which appeals to tho grosser. sensibilitieslife, of -- our nature, is filled with; tha daily routine of ' rfPnovOf Augvt 1877. : , i i t ' ! t i 1 - '; .:. WOMANB VOICE. Tooele City, Aug. Editor Exponents : : t ? j-outi- ' duUe9,;the household affairs, the. care f -- I have often thought 13, 1877. would like to minglo my voico with tho rest of my sis. c ters through tho columns of the Exponent, t andhavingc a fewlmoments for reflection I will try, to express myself on a subject dear to, my heart. i. I.cannot but thank my Heavenly Father for reserving my spirit, until tho last days, so that I can, become useful in helping to ' build up the Kingdom of God. I used to feel as if every thing;was a sealed book to me, but Fam happy to say thatthrough ' obedience to tho will of God I can under-stanto a great degree that which I hear and read. A man or woman 'guided', by tho spirit of God can understand for them. selves that tho principles of the Gospel are true, My own ' experience has taught mo j more than all the World can dof and no one ;can tako that knowledge from trio if I do ' the will of my Father which is in heaven; Ho has promise that if wo faithfully obey His commandments, we shall know that our liodeemer lives .an'd intercedes for us. If wo allow ourselves to feel unhapy and desponding wo are yielding to evil influences, and wo forget ourselves and our holy mission here. Tho sooner wo retrace our steps .: , " 1 . t - ; i " ug.; 7,' 1 877. FAiuyiEW Editor Exponent:" , In your issuo of Aug. "IstirFri A word to the young pQpplo ttclo entitled of Zion.'! As" wo. do notitn;i6bk,a ject;fr6m the same 'standpoint I sometirii.es ' think that tho older pcoplo; aro as much to blamo as tho. young, rind : In corislderatiori v thereof I offer you ;,a few of my 'ideas if you have spaco forr thcria An your valuable vm paper. fd u, iThe su bj ec t of ins t ructi n gf t lie y oring arid : I to caution them agairist what would prOVo detrimental to them in tho future, is cer- i t talnlyiono of tho most noble actsf that a hu-- 5 man being perform;'; Kut'howUo ac- . complish tho desired result is a 'matter that A call for much thought, time and study. tin my humble way of reasctoirig.I Mavo al r ways thought that the best mothers :wduld i be examples, this connected with: earnest-- : to isuch anioxtont i ' nes3,;jkindnes3 and lovp that it might be felt, yes,seen by theyounir. - could not rail to ao much nto elevate.man- -' What effect wil 1 preach ing, tl0; kind, But : VOrd of- - Wisdom hayq, upon thejsbns,vhen the .Vfalher makes uso of i 't hoso 'J, thin ers h Vagalnst which he preaches) riot orily for his or ywu griiiiucauou,uu, uvcu,,as unues (lucements .before1 hi3 sons . to ' accomplish his work in thbharyest-liecaf- i forth. ' Or of what service wilt a sermon J against profane language bo to a man's fam- ilV who himself indulna In the dwriuWrw 1 not to uso a harsher term practice?. And cannot any intelligent :Wriian;seb; that she will neverz bo fable thevilsho brings upon her daughters wheri sho speaks in ono way beforo a person's face and ; in ' ' ' n unothcr behind her back? V 1 - : ld ? , J. 1 '. . ; ::-. ' s, ; t' ; . - i 1 And weeping, feel tbkt Wtdio & ... J.3 IUU9 11IUI Wltoii U CORRESPONDENCE. . .i -- "Or shall Vo wake some morning, .To find a rifled; nestt r i-- know ,whOn 4,our beautiful ones will bo i snatched from us; and how careful wo should be to;' attend to wounds, lest they - should pfoWmoro serious than we vthink they are; God gives us the little: ones to cherish and protect, let us then lead them forth with kind instructions and good examples, to fit them for tho higher duties of bo life, that our beautiful dreams may-novain ones.! That one day tho curly heads ?; that now nestle ? so : fondly i tO f our bosoms . may be held proudly, and tho feet may treadfjrmlyrithe-path- s oMionor; andtho laws of Jife and progress be carried out;. !t(1IIow many pure hearts and bright spirits onerfbrth into the world innocent and lovely. but the contaminating influence bf "surrounding, circumstances, vicious as soeiatioris, "a false step, and lo! f the mind is corrupted, theVieart becomes impurej and no skill or, wlsdopi can .save ihemifrom deg-- v fadation fquler ttian thoTcbrruptiori of death, and deeper than the silenco of the grave. . We muse "Is ttiis more real 'ft Than other pleasant? dreams? ; ; - So helpless and so fragile direct us In Bpiri t,Godillieadjr?oIdeand . , Another darling baby, ' A household pet and Joy, g' 1 . . 1 -- Ito-iir- ido , ; d " . 1 I:j "that they rather look at our actions and pat- - vcui vuuiuuy, iiiuii iu re;ibuii lor ineuiscives, all these things might be over" looked! but ' g ,V as it-i- I would .saytomy- brethrentand sis-- : ters, showlus by your actions Svhat y oh be- lievo and tho good you will,' throughtho -- aid accomplish for the' future good rand happiness of mankind, will be a star in : your crown in the great day of our' Lord : i and Savior, . .aA iU, v: h1 of-God- ' , ; Zealously, keep down little expenses and you will not incur larger on C3. : A college education ' does riot cost as much as a piano. Let no girlf believe she has no opportunity to becomo yy. ':';ed;. :' wcll-cdiica- 2" -.-- -- - t- '"tt 