WOMAN'S EXPON ENT . 1 K1 ' h- - t : - , B. S. BEPOETS. 1 . f. General Retrenchment Meeting . in the Four which convenes teenth Ward Assembly Booms was crowded tcoverflowingr onrSatrApril 28. President Mrs M. JIIorno made some remarks up-on labor and its reward; the return of the brethren and sisters from tho Temple, and tho subject of Storing Grain. Said that as - Avar; was now declared on the Eastern continent the slaters, could see the wisdom of .this mission; thought, the sisters ought ,to do all in their power, to be wise virgins. :'Counseior;Mrs. 1. Wood ru ff said sh e rebut joiced to to bo with the sisters again, and greatly enjoyed her ivisit to tho Temple with the settlements on the journey. Said the people south were united and were will-- ? to devote themselves to tho kingdom ingGod. I Mrs. Margaret P. Young referred of - to the pure enjoyment she had in the Temple, and the good Influence which seemed to Dervade Its surroundings and associations. anii t Rritria t It trll eaci 4 Ha sic al atali times in reflecting upon: her visit. 7 Co u n selor ; M rs. E. Howard , ; said she felt .;tho spirit of God poured out upon the handmaidens of tho Lord; thought it was time the sisters stopped depending "upon Babytolon, ancT should "make more sacrifices wards building Temples." She felt it was necessary; to- reironch f from everything prepare our hearts impure and foolish and. r to enter the Temple of God. Mrs. Martha Bt Young made an earnest Exhortation to i'the sisters ; Mrs. Iliggs and Mrs; East testified td the spirit of God that was manifest. Mrs.: East particularly exhorted the, sisters I io oiler up their sacrifices to God, and lay Tho semi-monthl- y ; , all uponV the' altar, that they- - might secure the great reward r promised and not fall short, blessed and set apart the officers of iheW--. ciety after which each oflicer was called up. on to express their feelings and they all expressed their willingness to perform the various duties assigned them to the best of V 7 ;:; ; their ability. The Treasurer read tha financial report for the two past years which showed JLhai the dollars and forty cents n sum of r had been collected, and a disbursement of forty dollars and fifteen cents, leaving a balance in hand of seventeen dollars and : twenty-fiv- e cents. A five cent Temple fund, donations received weekly, is in successful operation in tho rtssobiation to which Tin Apr. 28rl&77. - rLHIZIZI'7-- fu1T$de m, by Ringing. the afternoon's entertainments; .';;.' r 7 Bishop Geo. VD Snell expressed his pleas-ar- e at seeing so many present; spoke of the advantages to be derived from our Annual Review, as It enabled us to see the progress rnade In tho year past: spoke of tho necessi. iy.of union and adherence to tho rules and , regulations of the society: Exhorted tho sis. . ters to make their ; 6wn fashions, and not follow those of tho world. ; rr Mrs. M. J. Morrison's remarks were full of kindly feeling and expressions of the e -- pleasure "she felt In: having the opportunity of doing good, and hoped to bo able to hon- or the mission assigned her a3 president of the association; she Also bo ro a strong testimony to the healing powerwhich she had 'seen made manifest' in a recent experience; rspoko of tho changes that had taken place ;In the society since their last reunion. She concluded by expressing her desire that as a society they might be more in earnest In doing the will of our Heavenly Father, that y ) they might more Ills blessings. Miss Jane Powcl spoke upon the of charity, hoped the sisters wouldsubject cultivate it In their dally lives. Bro. Geo. H Brimhall. Prcst of the Y, M. MM. A fully-enjo- Wallsburg, Editors Beaver City, . Editor Exponent--- ; . City. ; and-ifirpn- . ' 4. our community. AVe consider intemperance the bane of crim6Jb;alliyUi?'ed'rcountries where the sale of liquor is not kept under proper, control, ur pruuiuiiu uiiugciucf. The latter .we.would fain ask at your hand, but understanding as we do, that : the late Governor Woods refused Jo sign the amend-metblour Ci ty Charter with the power to prohibit; we simply and humbly ask that you restrain as far as practicable the bane, ful demoralizing traffic, , and : raise the license fee to a : figure- that will only make it profitable for medicinal purposes. We would also ask: for the sake of oursons and brothers that the ordinance forbidding to of sell to "minors- under sixteen:-year; n t : . - - - aere . 3 rnadeto read:twenty4ne be yeaj"3 of rage; arid that 'the police authorities be instructed to see 'that the law is rigid. ly enforced and. give sucn oiner reneiaa you r honorable body deem for the best goou oi mo youiu oi our growing petandis in duty abound your " V ". will' itioners eyehDray- r ; j i i . .; uuui-munit- y, '.. ; ; ; - IiAiCE ViEw;;Teb. 28, Editor Exponent :4 ': -- ' 1877. - I send you a few words from our little place, to let yoi know how we are getting: com- ! along with our meetings. We have our bined the Young Men's Meetings and Retrenchment Meetings together and tbe young men ' take charge; of the meetings one Sunday night and the young ladies the next; we all enjoy the" spirit of the Lord, all get up and1( bear a, strong testimony to the work of God, and the holy spirit rest3 upon U3.in our meetings, and we all tote an ectivo rpart in making the ni i interesting , - : -- March 28, 1 877 . to help ndweiknQwzthatitri8dur ; bear off the kingdom of God. How pW our parents would be to liavo their sons.aojj daughters grow up to be. mighty .men. a&d 'women In the church of Jesus Christ; : if we do not improvo ourselves while we have a chance we Will i have to endure the the consequences," for. we will Lnever; have our oprortunlty to come back: r and. iretrace' V3 footsteps, either before ;x)r after ivr.Q more : away fron this rearth. I never felt - like doing goodlhaa I do h't the time, and wt) trust that all the yQUDg5 : We have had i quite, a spiritual feast of late listening to the teachings of the brethren and sisters that . were on their way to tho General Conference at St. George.: Tho company of the Twelve Apostles . held two days meeting here which wa3 highly appreciated by the saints of Beaver and other adjoining settlements. JOn the first evening after their arrival Elder Joseph F. Smith gave a very interesting lecture to the Young Gentlemen and Ladies Associa. tion, on the rise and progress of the Mormon Church. The followingevening Mrs. ZIna B. Young, Mrs. Phebo Woodruff and - - a U ; ' By request: of our, worthy President; I . take the privilege of writing a few.lines to jet you know how our society is getting along in this little place; we hold ourmect- ings twice a month and. a spirit of peace and union prevails in our meetings; our society is small compared with many others, about forty members in all; the sisters feel, to be united with other sisters in carry- ing out the counsel of President Young; our placo is small, and our m nans limi ted, but we Intend to do ali we can. in storing and' have about forty bushels safely grain, stored. V Beaver ;;; ; ; are seven liquor saloorisan-Othe great amount of spirituous liquors sold has a demoralising effect upon the youth of Apr. 18,1877. ExroNEN-r- : Mayok nf w RAavftr- - hpf re?DectfullVi to rpn. g j resent to your honorable body, that there ' and prayer. 'Speeches, songs, recitations and original compbsllidns, together withlbe ' reading of ;tho;Anntiar Boview by thoedifor Miss Aljtce ; Jet; interspersedith1. sweet strains of mu. sic by Messrs. Thorna3 HitehensJohri Morrison, and Miss" Emma Isaacs, ebnstituted-- . ' 1 C.it v CouNciii op v, ? ;Vor.: 3ep'y..; . We the undersigned lady residents . ; " Utah Territory:. : ; you'feellsQ dis, n--if ; a vn -- .'.' HannaiiCornaby. mbfir.-forrmblieatio- Petition to the IIonorable . , also gend you the posed. fifty-seve- the members contribute. A library has also been started to which books are. added ;ti by donation and purchase. , , of second t The the Society anniversary was a time of real pleasure, and ended with 'expressions of, mutual good Reeling and a determination in the future to be , more zealous of good works.- , Asst. Sec'y. , Petition of the ladies of Beaver, which were three hundred in I -- ; Tho sccon'd annual reunion of tho Younf JdlesrBetrenchmerit Associalian of this "p. ' ..: . ; 'Wdock . of-th- - . ng ' Secretary, ;Miss Hannah Snell; Ass't. Secretaries, Misses S. Warren See'y., 'j and Emma Evans; Corresponding Mrs; Hannah Cornaby; all of whom were unanimously sustained. Intermission for one hour, during which . time about one hundred and fifty persons sat down to tables bountifully spread with picnic which wa3 very tastefully arranged by a committee previously appointed. e same The evening exercises were character as those of the afternoon. Bish- - : ! self-sustaini- -Jan-e-Robertson; , Xs v Vr: jSpajsisii Fork, Editor fiTixoknt:- - others addressed 1 us, gave ;much valuable instruction concerning our temporal a3 well as our spiritual welfare, urgingus as a comand patronize munity to be also gave excel, home manufactures; they fact-all-- th in e to lent advice theyoung; meetings were good and interesting and we felt to thank the brethren and sisters for their many valuable instructions. . Wishing success to your valuable paper, I remain your sister, M. J. Shinn. made a short address; ho was much pleased ; to see the energy and diligence aispiayeu sisters. V ; ' by the Shell presented the following offiBishop cers for the ensuing year. President, Mrs. M. J. Morrisdn; CoujasjeorsMisses M. JV Thomas, Maria Finch, .Elizabeth Martell,. Miss Mary :Beckstrom, Clara Conradcounselor-in Jane Robertson was accepted as the place of Mrs. Jane Reese, who resigned on account of ill health. Superintendent Mr Jane Powell; Treasurer, Miss ; , ti33-slie-T- el i : -- ; ; - ; ,pr9l and women may persevere: in the goou cause.- - . i ,j.; G.. MabtiJm 