WP 96 man. single handed and alone, can in every avonuo of labor work her way with profit ios an Independent, 1. comfortable OTICJS. 1 4 There will be an annual meeting of the several committees on Storing Grain, at the Council House in this city, Batuidayjqv.;17th, at 2 o'clock p. m., sharp. Presidents and Secretaries of Societies who have been engaged in "Storing Grain for Zion, will please report as on' as possible by letter to the President of Central Committee, tbeniount of grain they have on hand,: how It isSlbred antfWhat are their future prospects in this work,- In order that the Central Committee may make a full and clear asrell as definite report of all grain stored for Zion, and held in: trust in the hands ' of women. A punctual ' attendance of all the sisters of the Societies in this city, or near lo' ; calities, is desired. ' position, iris true, a woman's first attention should always bo directed to the homo circlcbut if she has no dpmostlc affairs to attend to, case be supported should sho then in that J ' in idleness by ;tho Industries of others? She has a r ight to engage in busi ncss whcro her talent may.'be asource of' benefit to the community and" being in business, paying ;taxesi' 'ought to give her an equal tlierile right to on greatest and most difficult to remove. But, patience! tho hour of .deliveianco is near. Tho early- - advocates of womans rights aro slowJy but determinedly filing away at the last link of, that: long chain of difficulties which has, been their work for hai( a oentury ;o removes When4hat link is severed, and those fetters mingle with the dust at her ;feet,i woman will stand before the world emancipated. But to her-sel- f, and not tq men, must j she look for the . : result, v j ;t . f Tie Lmli.Mliii-Hacl- HOySEHOLD HINTS. PIANOS & ORGANS, Of the Very Best manufactare, and warranted for five years, on - INSTALMENTS - BtockkitfB eat , -- , , .nit..' - j Payments can be made monthly, quarterly or six monthly. Prices low and no interest charged. Send to us for catalogue and further information. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Stbeet, Salt Lake City. CALDER & CARELESS. Mrs. C. E. DYE, Five handred pieces of Dress Goods, EmDrolderies, Ruch-lngr- s, Five Hundred pairs Kid Gloves, Trimmings, Ladles' Ties, Cuff and Collars, 100 Cartoons of BMons. Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In tho West. Notions, Boots ana Shoes, Gents' and Boys' Clothing and Furnishing Invites all Ladles Tislting Conference, also Ladies of Salt Lake City, to call at her Palace of Fashion, No. 17, East Temple Street, and examine her New Stock of HilU nery Coeds, in all its branches, from the most exquisite Parisian styles to the cheapest American products. In connection with the above, Ladies' Hair Work in all ita branches. Good work guaranteed. Etc SPECIAL TO THE LADIES. - Call.at the ConsUtuUpaBullding, Salt Lako City, and cx amino tho large stock of goods just received from the " Mill,1 consisting of Flno White and Colored Yarns, Flannels, Llnseys, Ltc- ,, " -.- J o THE BEST AND CHEAPEST STOBB'TO BOY JOHN C. CUTLER. . UOtlCE TO THE LADIES. - - . YOUB AOENT. ; ; r,R'0W;EAS ,. '. ' IIOME-MAD- " it t t i io a-gr- OB- - THREE YEARS! ; i 't-Th- home-mad- NEW FALL STOCK. Goods. 'Etc., re-iieat- ed OF ONE, TWO e 8ockJi and for first class of all ktada, call at tho Factory on First South Kolttinar Factory street, a few doors west of Jedolmrs' comer. Orders from the country at wholesale or retail filled promptly. GEO. A. LUKE & CO., Proprietors. , New Mode of Washing. In the "Moniteur Scieotifique" Br, Queoriville describes , something new in washing, "whereby our linen may be., saved frpm , the destructive effects of soda and other washing-powderThe plan has bem extensively adopted in Germany, and introduced into Belgium. The operation consists in dissolving two, pounds of soap in about three gallons of water as hot as the hand can bear, and .adding to this one tablsspopnful of turpentine and ''three of liquid ammoniaj the mixture .inui&t then bo( well stirred, and. the lincm Bleeped in it for, two or three hours,, taking care to co ver up the vessel .containing them aa nearly ther metically-a- s possible. The clothes are aherwards wash'e4 ; out and'.; Hosed the usual - wajv;';Th water and used a. sec be 8oapland may ond time, but in this case 0 half a tabjespoonfnl of anmwnia ;musi rpentibo, and a tableswnful-o- f cause 'added. to said ;bo process is j economy,! ox ume,. laDor ana rueu t lire unco little necessity scarcely suffers at all as. there for rubbing, and its cleanliness afid color are perfect, ;l The V ammonia and turpentine, although their .detersive action is great, have no injurious effect upon the linen;' and while the former evaporates immediately, the smell of. the latter is said to disappear entirely daring tho dryins of the clothes . ir Apcy. e ; s. 4 The Ladles f Utah are Invited to visit oor New Art Gallery, the finest In tho West. We will show them specimens of our first premium portrait and Landscape Photographs In all branches including: enlargements from small pictures, any size or style, the colorlnjr In water colors, Ink or oil, is by O. M. ger, which is a sufficient guarantee of excellence. Our prices are pntno-at living rates. We spare pains to produce satisfactory work, and are determined to excel 1 all we do. A full assortment of Day and Sunday School Prizes Chromos and Pictures of all kinds kept in stock. Frames, . on hand. " Send yrrtir Orders to E. SAVAGE, Bait Lake City, Utah. C , - ; s . " -1 THE FINE ARTS. . in-spmn- ists . lamps Itepalretf n short notice 3Orders from the country promptly responped to.n Addreu, David Jamet, Box 30(5, Salt Lake City. - be1-blo- , RUHSETS CELEBRATED LIFT. MD FORCE PU1S?S. : . 1 , Jawa) & Steam Fitter Tinner, Gas, Water FOB AQZSt - Dissipation! There are three kinds of dissipation in;, the world white red, and black dis3pafIoh White, , dissipation is the ' waste' of nerye and excessive use of the ' brainj there are pious dissipation scholarly disslpatfbh, business dissipation, the disl-pation 'of the men who, with salutary shudders,' 'thank God ihat they are riot as other men are." Bed dissipation is the dlssi-- 1 pation .of liJncrease of Wood by luxurious food, or the waste of blood by all those passions and indulgencies which come of luxurious living. Black dissipation is that of "the. grosser "indulgencies. .which criminal men seekV.' The first named is increassng rapidly 'and taking the place of the lower grades; The peculiar folly of our ago is the waste of nerve force. In all directions we see the sigri of brain dissipation. The dis- -' eases of virtuous men are no longer what od diseases. Paralysis they used to ' is beating up ip every community and finding recruits.: Good men are living too fast Each man is swept "up against his will into the tumult of life. The great army of is increasing, and such men have a call to lunacy, . (Butoetsot to Mitchell & Ladles are requested to call and examine , the most Etc. complete 4wortment of Curl Braids, Switches, ' : at iteduecd Price. An kinds f Hair Work made up In the most, Artistic style. Cash paid for Human Hair and Combings. , JOSEPHINK G&BGOBT, , ,, W Kimball Block. Salt take City. j 3er,tlb ;A, Winkler. "Woman's Words,?1 SttfDEEAKEJi WAGONS, FEENOH HAm STORE. . : . HEA VY AND SMELF MAMDWAIify GLASS AND QUEENJSWAREi . j ! DRY OOODS, NOTIONS, CUtpCMtlES, I ,hich wojben have "without representation Is the bat-tled,taxati- 'Wholesale and Eetail Dealing In all kinds of : all the wrongs kgairist EXP QUE N T . S 1 E BOOTS iND SHOES. . ;- ."by : Ton . - . . wnoLxsixa AKD . . . i BXX1IL DEALTa i tir Fo athors, Wa 1 I E ap e r AND . . r " "..roaFALL" AND HfINTER : WEAR. '; . SPRING BEDS WIRE MATTHESSES, : .. - zi2rw"6orBX-- FURNITURE HOBS TO COIIFEBMCE Amply Repaid Visiting 'S P IE3 .A. S D;E:L r i Opposite the llorald Offlee. Bemember all .s:. Bl; Boot, Main Street. No Chbaip "Shoddy (Wodfl Kept. ? 'J' : . ' . BABY:. OA JRM 1 AGES' 75, 77d!70rirst Bonti 5t Salt Lake Oitr . 