AV ine saints iu luai wuuv; nrklnc energetically to carry out tne lnsiruc- tlons of the late President by their united efCompJeveu. 7, Synopsis of a meeting of the Young Ladies Association, ofJthe 13th Ward, held July 5th I8V77AfteVfthe usual .opening exercises and readings? the minutes. President MrTbon - V asapoke of the Ifast meetings aiid the. epjoyment she experienced in attending thetn, The teachinjr from the Bishop and his counselors ,. was excellent. It seern to be the lime for both old and young to ask themselves if they are living their religion. 8poke of the vote j passed by the Association in regard to evil speaking, had since attended a meeting where tbe speakers had laid thisjsubject pointedly , before the congregation, t Hoped the girls would ever be found In the path i of Iduty. Mrs. Zina Y. Williams accepted the position of lst Counselor; spoke of the Young-Ladiemeetings in BrigharrrCity, and other places that she had attended w Hi Je absent. Thought the Saints were trying to live their religion, spoke of the trials that would await those who are earnest Jn tliejrjwb en us to remember that every time we bind Satan frompur hearts we are triumphing over wrong and taking one step in the right way; spoke of the votes wo pass, from time to time; it is a most solemn thing. to covenant with the Father.and it will be to(our own, grief and condemnation if we dp not keep them faithf ully. Spoke of the homemade hats etc. Counselor .. Misses Kate, Annie and May Wells,Mis? Lucy Stringam and Mrs. Fannie .Thatcher each spoke for a short time, after which Sisters-Saddler; fcatbshebaiW. Smith, and M. P. Young, all bore good testimonies land spoke , on the n principles of' the -- Gospel. President Mrs. spoke of the temple donations, men tioned that twelve dollais lid forty cents had been handed In for the Temple during this quarter; en cou raged the gi rls, to con ti n'ue with it. Other remarks were macfe and. the meet- -' i" ing adjourned for one week by singing "Praise God," andbenediction by Mrs. M. P. 3foung. n? . ! s " . , ; - ! : ; istic in its proceedings that makes it an epoch in the history of this church.: ; The manner of voting so entirely new to this people was a grand and imposing spectacle In itself and calculated to inspire awe and soiejnnity' in the hearts of all who witnessed it, and it carried with it a power that was electrifying in itsef- - ' feet upon the vast congregation., Nothing could be more thorouhly- - impressive and - -- 1 ' - me vigv- opirib ui excellent ;pri ;p ing praying aijd rnusic tiu ference was' bf the most exalted character and1 tone.H!It really, seems1 as if everything hail 1 been remembered, and the people had recelv--j , ed a fulness of blessings. Thebrethre of trje T welveln thejrmanlflds for' ihe sisters i'wiiojaopr (cb workers in as- -. get isistrig to build up Zbnj and the remembrance ofUheir labors given them rat the Conference--11 call forth from, them a renewal of prayers iL and blessings upon the brethren who hold the keys of the Priesthood and its administration a in Zion. , vit rvuCij ,:.:?':Ai the good reports we hear from time to time al though they are not definite, and wa desire, much asjt; is possible to jencourage the Sodie--tilaipefeyere in this good cause- for weknow.byi tha revelations of ancient and mod? ern times that famines Are ineTltable.iYe al; so know that if the future is to be judged of. by the past, then there are the times: of i famine, side; there havo beeti1 among all peoples and in all countries times of1 scarcity, and America is not exempt ana evfcri were such the Icasei were other countries involved in famine how glorious it wdirld fee fo com e to1 their a id wi th brndyllhtVliA o f J life. Bisters r4thef f "usnfrrit wmjt thisr means Into oranizatjof; rid ibuy irjji ftie whea.ifihd; jpfeserire f t, :a'Q;t6Y8pehd we ca'naeiiiithat which will be of nilast- Ing benefit5 to either soul or bouy. Those wfia t have known hunger An ' foj Pff fpoIf1" feel,' that a few hundred bjw of wneat 'scattered UiVoughout the territory, wpujd ruoef desfrable than all the stores of fancy, articles that could he sustained liere.. The, 'Worn en of Utah may justly be proud of t the rnqyement already .made in saving grain, It is liome-- , thing far ahed jof the women of the world,' , something entirely original wltl; this people,,, and ISitr;ia advance of any:mpye other ;women have fc.made.. The Lord inspired ounjaio. President to inaugurate this movement, tbre Is not a shadow, of: doubt, and if tbe sisters ire, prompt in catryingoat this enterprise,' the Lord ) will aid them, and all good tnoett rand fHwomeh ? enemies will reverence them for it, " !: "i: os. '''will be confounded. es - 1 , i ; -- j -- wi ; ;Womi?s Ob6 in Storing Grain for Z roN. Storing grain is ne 1 ',,d : To setting-prophecy-o- leU f-on- . of the subjects on wjiich too much cannot be said at the present time, and to all who are desirous of promoting .the.iuture good and prosperity of Israel, we would ea talk up the grain question. That women are ridiculed for trying, to save grain, for a famine is true, her- ta inly,, ridiculed hare; at home among the believe in saints, and by; thDse.wlio profess-tthe future fall of BbyIon and its attendant consequences. They think the Ihelp of women too linsignificarit' to fleet anything in thisxlirection. i President Young did not think : so, he bslieved in the ilnanclal ' ability men to systematically organize and institute such enterprises as i would ultimately-succeeIn produclDgr the greatest results. Ve have v repeatedly been told that all that women could I do in this respect would be i only as W drop In !i "1 ' the bucket. This mission of storing grain has been given ' to the women of Utah arid many of them re .a i. ..taiizi that it la of the greatest iiportance. Wc WpMANjS VOICE, know that already considerable grajn f bas been" stored and some granariegj have been built, and much Is. befa'g. 'pne In 'tiiik matter Editor Exponent: by women in various iQcalitles In, thisj Terri-torI thought I would say ,a few words through In .order to regulate and systematize "your valuable paper praying the Lord togul.?e, thi ikapTH undertaking, it la pf course ea- my thoughts with His iholy spirit, that Ilmay sential that all should have a thorough say something that may be of ilnterest to. your, of the subject,. and should- be twell- readers, especially to the' youhgMadles.ontbo posted in all the details pertaining to the work Improvement Assoclatlonp'I Attended one of from tim to who are engaged their meetings last Monday In the 11th Ward.;: and Interested in this work should make every ;'I was'peaied to eee1 the little glrla rise froni exertion not only to save all the grain possible, their seat and read their selections, and Vpeak. and preserve! it from everything that would I thought ho w. lovely and beautiful theyooked' ' injure it in any way, and uso all the influence and I feel snrt that Obd and the angels were they i can with others to save and make pleased with them.1' I pray trie Lonl;td bless7' appropriations or donations to the grain in the ' therewith wisdom , and fcno'wlfdge Hhath'r various wards, but they' should also acquaint , 'I may learn and understand the, others with1 what they are doing, and let a thlDjrtn-" ing to life and record be kept of all grain 'stored forZioh, and how and when it is thus stored, and In whose'" J years they may grow in g reatt : the1Iford; fo? t fsJhe' youtrr , fhat1 care, and what are the future plans in regard ' wliiTeftqrn.' portion U this !atter-uay,wor- k to adding to It, and taking measutea tp bare-- 1 ' u I pray they may go 'onJfr'omor1dee& fully preserve it." This can only' be accbni-- r true: learning; ta"anpthe plishedby having a complete account of eyery-thin- g t heir, labors When Iz.was.a. )itt6gln . , crown separate and apart from pthe items. In II wasyery fond4f tle jlttle hymn jn;rM ins tUlirestlasi' ifali .' the meeting Held i ' ' in our nymn tDooK. r; H t'olii j i i. tuj i a x. suggested to the Secretaries" of tlicl Itelief fen?,---i '! I n It mV onlv wisdobt harU" i'A i cleties the expefljepcy; of haying separate booksT . tbe Lord with nUatfear,' Z for grain. If this suggest joh ir; To serretunc fren. meowed, , I ... buu iiauujuoi if'T t J .j ; out. then there. will be ; ve ry i tt le t rouble i) j f t I Superior inse maj display Jv. ., making , up, .reports.. jit j.must.be understood t u v BuiiDDiuK every cyi way K aui.'iJh who Ji Anak'HHloU aye evened the jartiel puUbH--f by all; waning: in me gooi. off. t dl. ed by President You,ngT4 wis.h, and reyiev ,fJ ( and approved by ,him r before Jits pnblicaUpPt lliiV .MHfrilVi - Jr 01 ?0 02CiU tlllJ s!3 'that, thl9 grain4 is emjj stored for iioa: 'that Oil)no person, or commtUee. or ,p;esident of society NKvkBraflecti t6 lid nyltty, or jdsti saaato va ihna anv.rir'bt m itraw. nut nr. 1inno nf nVix fi jwoand. the feelings of dnbthcr;i ihij;. nl of it, for any purpose. ,The design is to secure as much as iocjbible and Karri1? it carefully, and . SpEAK wiiii calrjiriesV and deiiratlbuqri when the rightlime.prnes,to use it, tbeprop- au occasions t especially ui cirdtrnstaricei '' :,."J' r rneth9dof d!s3iir6ementl4wiI revfolwl tu,t. iTvhich tend (o irritate;. anlfle' o uie . : ; i of-WO- " : d - : ? - ' :' and-their- - - - - -- ' . ? '. T yf , . under-standi- ? ng f -- time,-"Wom- en . , 1 , 1 I -- time and place that hovered over and around them, on. that occasion. The perfect union manifested was in itself calculated to give the highest, tone,something of elevation to the h whole l,u i ,1 assembly. ...aLHir.'... Elder George Q. Cannon presented" the au- - , ' thorities of the Church; and. each quorum of the Priesthood in their respective ordr nrf terwards the entire congregation voted by ris- log fei muttaneously t6 tlielr feet at the same ! te tbt 1 5 ! , k 3l. ' ? 4 ' : - , 1 , w ' nu , - . 5 . M i - ., . A ffW? iJfl of th e r Residency ' Iatterlday Apostles as the presiding baints.,;Thy orumahrf'authority -' (thekur.hhad- . i just past had something peculiarly character- - those who hold it In lirora l!o6a - The Semi Annual Conference which has x-- trust "for zlon,' In as'Tain and 8implea mantief'tiswas the counsel to pure hase.and store; tj.Vo: am pleiased with The congregation Is iestimatedrtbhave been L most - forts. - 0 M A WW-- EXPONEN T . : 4 I I 1 r i b-'- 1 . 