ibn -- r? !T: If flv!I -. " WOM'A'K ' S 68 ... - 4- EXPOSE - r T. TST :1- - 3 S&i-ii- mn 'if ! ' V THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT.'. - KWm.iW . PaMished ! v.. The layingpf'the c6rner;siones of the JSd 1 tor. B. In Salt semi-monthl- y, lake reted-inCacCouiy- ' The Semiannual r y woman position; IN UTAH. ;: , The laying of the yv: :f i.' The1 world at large do not understand :of:rearinfi-r- "Tal&pmacte1" ho" ejected ; inside the Templei wal near ther Old. Tabernacle Hazoa', away and be replace ' : tematically, and : secretary's report showed plainly the' perseverance under difficulties of the gocd sisters. of that districW; They had a very praisewprthy.report pf; their pniceedings : I during the year. ail-7- ' vi. ; ,v The ANiAiMeetiiig of Hhe First Ward RP held io the 1st trencUment Ward sdhoolhouse, Sept.1 ThrJ was a very fuilat6hdlnccl.,anjjthie .mem.bers;tjieioJ: clatifh1 hajl a'bbuntnuY dinner ;p! epafed for guests, at the , house of Mrs: 'Mary W; Musser. lderJ',odruff of HhV Quorum of tbo T Wei vpyas present; also some other brethIrs. Sarali Mt ren, Including "the Bishop Qraham, Pres'.det of, the YoungILadles Asso- ciatipn presided with dignity,-- After ,usuat , Zina D. Young exercises, minutes, !n-vit- J.- cen-tlv- well-traine- d system-aticallyjAft- er in-al- tent-o'cloc- k ! (mfortabie lookiflg m''!Mofc ! 4 ili'l ed 1 -- time, An organ well played and a choir with melodious voices added greatly to the enjoyment of the meeting. :t President Mary Ann Hunter conducted the meeting in a most happy manner; and' thereport read by M. A. House, showed not the secretaryMrs. ' only.;iodustry, energy and benevolence but their ability to manage business affairs the sisters had spoken upon the subjects relating to woman's labors in the vineyard of the Lord, the many departments of usefulness which come within her sphere at home and among the saints in assisting to bear the burdeu,.of establishing the kingdom of God, President Hunter invited the brethren present to address the meeting. Bishop Br. Rydatlch, Bishop Hunter and Br. Reich each madesome excellent remarks, encouraging the sisters to; persevere, and man!" festing a deep interest l their labors. a, The next morning Sept. 14, ;at m., the Young Ladies' Association met at the same place. The house was well filled 'and a good spirit seemed to pervade the assembly. The sisterlj spoke upon tiicf ohject oi these h cieties, the necessity of home industries and the topics 6f . general1 interest at th preseni tlfcr rGranlaville Is J. Jflourispg'jbwn with Row-berr- y, sys- 1 and integrityjand ornamented with true charii ty "after ihe rsimllitudo of a palacesuch! structure wouljl be likjejy totand BomeTjerilous storms, and uwithitand the buflTetings of 'tbd tempest, Especially when Pod Is the 'founded and bUilder thereof. The women here bavi st voice thtough1 the press, which ' gives them a channel of TexpTef slqh and1 adds much to thejf them to let each 1 itrength a class, and enables other and the worl dS no w wliaf Is being done In helping to prepare for a wider field of usefulness, and to hold wUhafirner.nd theirposl- ; ' '.. -tlon as citizens. world wonder hpwVoraan's The women of the so Buffrago was easiiy(fobtaIned In Jlhis Territory. They cannot comprehend that Qod was in it If the women of ,IJtah realized thf jr privileges they would know they were the most favored of all theiriexl They have the noblest In to action, th'e'broadef coqpe Iniwhlcli to wii.I.hold the laborandif they ire wise, they " to them and jio t)f Qitt ballot sacred as v it judicioiirly. .r ! sur- . -- , where heat-nes- s acomfobjo fafm'cpttage, ' - geqf - w.;4 te huili tlie ohand made more likely, to iall 'by heavy material pu onto, ornament which being too h'eavyta'sraiippn (tbfi.first foWdation makes ruins all the sooner. It crumblejlto a. Bjif when truth ;if Lthe Jqundatipn and every roc ued in the buidip& U composed of true , ' . i pfinc!plean&-jof- e I? ' :v:l; and order deemed apparent.in the roundings, i The' meeting, w,as conducted butafter all,' ih'er ; ; We had the pleasure; of visiting, in compa ny wth" Mis3 JE. . Snow arid Mrs. P. Kimball Brighton Ward Relief Socletyy SeptllS, thi thei occasion of the Ajindal Meeting of that branch' of the Relief Spciety. The Society convened at , the residence of the preident, Mrs. Mary Ann by Bomething iiew sfartlinlr.Vor attractive. ; Some of and more; , them they; revise and 'patthiUp and reniodel,' - " : mony. sub-stanti- al edifice, finished in good taste, and filled with happy faces in expectation of a good of jdr how to which will make the fabric also -- people. Pray ers .were offered by Elder George Joseph F. Smith, hymns Q. Cannon and wqre sung, and remarks were made by Presi dent; John .Taylor, who presided at the cere- n that, vicinity; -- tne Twelve, Apostles, Couriselpr Wes President Angus Cannon and many ;Seyentfesr High Priests and Elders, with thousands of 5 11 ground,1 took' piacVjt8 present President John Tay lor and ('se vera! they build so elaborately, 'strong and lasting; They huild up' splendid ineories, they sound welli'the J)leas th'6 fancy and thejr pass In fi44 mihds of mat$- forUhdUrde'." atid genuine article;' but to the eye?and heart able to discern error, tbey are only a my th, a phantom, toon to p ; for the New' corner-ston- es St nm n !nf hf a George Temple, ,ay - tlTi A ce ( e J; and dlli-gen- i rlftfl touched upon many other, gjgrlpusand inspiring themes. .Elder Joseph E. Taylor of the presidency of this Stake of Zion made some very concise and pithy remarks upon the work of women, of mothers in Israei, the laws of life and health, and other things of equal im portance. A few of tbe sisters iecently, visited Grant?, ville, to be present.at the Annual Meeting of tne iteiier eocieiy, anu aiao w lueci wim me Young Ladies' Association. Leaving Sal tXake City in the Western Hallway train at 7 o'clock a. m., Sept. 13, we had a pleasant ride on the House by cars, and were met at,the Half two of the good sisters t of Grantsyille with a span of horses and wagonette', and with a good team, smooth roads and a skillful driver we had an agreeable ride, and at Bishop Ed. ward'Huntei's the party of us were warmly welcomed and partook of a. bountiful repast hospitably served. ..The tSociety convened in a very neat looking, the meeting-hous- e, . iuch I; periences and labor in the and among the people in one of jthe imost 'inipOrtant conferences fn the' fibtory:jDl,olurcKi .Elders Orson Pratt and Joseph F. Smith arrived at home' on the evening of Sept 27 No doubt the jUonfefence wUibe largely attended, and the teachings of a nature to inspire ,th people to renewed ; in serving Ood. A .spirit of peace and union prevails throughout, : the homes and hearts of, theSaintsandthe Lord is- doubtless ready to pour out his Spirit in abundance upon . v. all who are prepared to receive it. , u iiibr stupeMous modntoln iliat tower lime heights, are a raceoT womerij wjBqpasqT. In "their heroism rihVtheir conscious Indepngeqce, off haracteran ownwpHci. The union o 'believe, in lha heart and soul whica charaerizestEem as'V i8 ;one ort cla ehce3,wbicli coSdlm ng them heroic in, the truest gene of the term. Women vote in Utah? Yes they, do, conscientiously and. independently, for they have been taught tb;i principles of action which .lead them into legitimate? channels of true independence. Hormohim begins at the very founda; tlon of the superstructure, and teaches how to finest build a solld bails on "which to;erect-thedifice of character the human mind is capaple lay tneheirock Con ference is very near, Retrenchment to Mutual Improvement. President Sarah Graham! proposed making, the chance succested, and it was moved, seconded T and unanimquslx - Elder W. Woodruff : spoke earnestly upon the great work of Temples and administration rr-- Ilia Mrirtrr tinirl the general teeling feeems to be that it will be 187T.: Hebe in tiieso 'ya!ieyiehcibfae4 in. from the ? i2ockh3resident: , ,,;rrj 0 ALT LAKE XrrY, OCT.'lj piac Twelve Apostles Counselor, IJ.r Wells, Pros- idents of 'yepties.iBlihric&EiU lake Stake of Zi on, and " pthjerj 6ranizatlons, had gone thiine,!-- ' to be 'pre4ijpn.:ihat' grand occasion. The local authorities, and those of Weber Stake, with thousands of pple, assembled to witness the solemn and; imposing ceremonies. We will devote .some space to the particulars f in our next issue. T Ten copies forAthe prfcejof nine. AdTertislng rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular adyertlsers. , ,1 . j : Exponent ffoe corner of South Temple and First East sti eets, opposite Eagle Gate. BaBlncBs(hours from 10 a.m. "to D"p.ni ererf day except Sunday,' ' " Address allbas'iness trommmJcatlons ; Publisher Womah's Exposkjit, f t3y at ' John Taylor and lo&ers'oT the Quorum of the Tenns;lCmecopXOTeear, Ivi Temple-tb.b- l inTanBeipt. City, Utah. ; l.OO. ,"! ME AFFAIRS, their organizations from chaDge the name of r -- . abd, wo sincerely; trust ;a profitable pnp, n $, j j:c.,-.Mrs- iirhyrti;' Williams,: Mrs. . E.:omaf,. MriW. Eastlrsx M Miss - E. T Fnow the JBYoung, jMrsViE Barney r and Mrs. Phebe Woodruff each made, a few! remarks calculated to Inspire those: jzeal and eariiestness in the sphere of -woman's usefulness in the path that Jleads to madalsome eVerlasting life.' Com misLWomanV to' the in statements regard sion", SOuseV an d ex plain ed tbei;circu mstaccej, which 'riecet'fcltated' the cfcafcge that had been stated to the meeting that it made'., had :6ccm'cdto4bo the wish.of President Brigi ham Younpr that the yoiins: ladies should . ; . , pfes-ent.-wi- De. Romania B. Pratt has LietVtned" the !Easf. 'tihe hid ecelvedher" dipfoma lh omWs7MeoUlrfcolleg and'tofol fro'm tm ers6if with (he neces sary instruments and aprkratusW clmiuifeoce Mlss-vEi-R.;Sno- cs be-als- tho-gif- t 0 - Studying Hnd; since-ihagradUa- at other aHstitntions of the" lr&d'jf$&I$ ciatfties pf4he. water-cur- e arid obstetrJccV; t lady h expectod to give' lectures to the medi 