WOMAN'S, EXPONENT. ,,:,Z, NOTES - ON --TEMPERANCE A VOICE FBOAT" Jolly company you would find on board' the trai carFnot iaTmucn for the'audyicars and jolly! company as for my safety. ' I'want to bo kafeNdlf it is your safety we seek, when wo urge you to abstain entirely fron strong drink: There is no certainty that youi willfi bccomaivIc-tim- s if you begin to iudulge, but there is a AN ABSENT ONE. t7-l6wouW-BSLyl TO THE SUNDAY SCHOOLS OF A'MEUlbA 1 The wintry day, now drawing tq its close, r , , v i. Invites all wearied nature to repose, r j ' , i 'ft And ehados of night are falling denkd and fast, "Like cable curtains closing o'er ttia'st.f Jr ! "Pale, through the gloom the newly fallen enow ; rLays like a sEroud upen the earth fcelow Z i ., Z ' As though, injmercy, God had spread the pall: ' u ' 'r " A symbol of lorghreness to us alt' . ; The flood 6f thought, which' ttriigglea to be froei Now opensjwJde tho gates of memory; iy Z: Z f , -- Lore lights the way and, . . guided by,its beam, " soul floats My t pa tbe surface of the stream.. cannot go to rest, bat linger still ' ' Z ,: " Mftljf In mcditatipnatthe window eili; Zi WUle, like the twtoMing . Come, one by one, sweet memories of home. And wouldst thou ask me where my fancy roves To reproduce the happy scenes It loresr t Where hepe and memory together dwell, ,. : . And paint the pictured bcauUjtbat I tclJ? ' Far, far away, among the Western hills And gardens watered by the mountain rills; : Where giant peaks 'uprear their heads bo high l? - The cloud capped eummita seem to pierce the sky; ; , Where smiling jailers from the desert torn, Reaeemed, are waving 'with their golden corn Where virtue, truth and innocence, allied, " Are held in veneration-f- ar and wide; ;'. Where sweet In its purtty;l religion; Invites all men to its security; There is ray home-t- he spot I Jove eq well Whose modest worth' a nd beauty5 few can tell-Aw-ay Tbejond the prairies of the Wett, i ' Where exiled saints, In solitude,. were blessed; W hero Industry the seal of wealth has get t i Unheeding still, the fiercest bxasor fnai iiu.w f With tops encrusted by eternal snow- rwk-boun- d on set bases The sod, ; peakswith j t Stand, types of freedom, reared by nature's God.; .The winter snows melt, part, in summer's beams, Z, And from the canyons rush the crystal streams-: Our God protects the church of His first born-1-- 5 : And winds are tempered to the hunb that's shorn ' , .Divinity the bounteous means supplesL:trHir: ': tnr desert to reclaim and fertiiizp. . , , , " Throughout this place', for nine ana nty j can,! , ' '" : Sine, first, the little band of pioneers ; Explored tho wsite, and opened uV th'er wa y ' ' I For those whp followed at a later daym i ii' ?r j , Have livyd a people! honest, firm and gco ; ., t , ' ' WhoVbji their mighty faith In Goti, withstood ''' , Tho wrath of man and nature,' in a cause " Which comprehended, Qis eternal laws. The wilderness that naught, before, could yie d, Is now become a fertile, fruitful field; ;.; Where roamed at win the savage Indian bands, In prido and wealth a peaceful city stnd3-Al- l men who seek the truth are welcome there; : All followers of Christ their bounty share; ' And all, who cast base prejudice away ' ';i A nd let impartial Judgment bear the sway, " i t Will find a virtuous people, falsified To whom a freeman's Just right is denied . . Sweet Mountain Homel The refuge of the world Though peKccution's rage is at thee hurled. Thou shalt stand firm, for God In thy defense, Will waste tby foes with wr and pestilence Thfa is His promise will He break it? No, We've proved Huri of t and know ft must be so. Then be we brave as lions meek as dorcs . u our Father, in His wisdom, lores.. , For r llecdsuch not the slander of the evil tongue, 7 ' i: ' ' Nor doubti'tbe hand of od ter6CT us hotgJ J 77 ' Has He not said Iho weak effearth I take : '.f t The power of the worldly wise to ahake?' i I r , And has he not, in many scenes now past, . r.. Proved that he will bo with us to the last? ; . r , ' Then let each simple dafly action prove v' 'That weare striving to dee erve His lbve.V- ''Feed and clothe the poor, comfort thtse who mourn" And cal the wounded heart by sorrow torn, ; ' ' ' Keep His commandments to all men be true, "Do unto others as we'd have them do;" J And let our faith and trust unaltered be! :'' : In time and all eternity. :i " j i1 ; r .Wo are sometimes 1 :. -- t -- -- , : 4 f -- , -- - ? 1 told that total absti-nericis not" temperance; AVhat is temshort replj'i perance? Let ino give you Temperance ii the lawful gratlficalloh'of a, natural appetlteV11 B tli appetite "fbr into e - '-- ... s 1 -- icatingrltqtior aTroiat u r.i 1 1 - --Some wtenrgovcrii would mind of.my.pwnrirrWha think yoa oraptalaofsteamvessel-who'swoul- dput on a full head of steam, and knock - down the man at the wheel?i- - then con of ;.a Or, ductor onjy rallroihowouldaetonpthe stepa and then disable the engineet? Yoii would say WJtfa appelnFIKo. Therefore temperance if 'total? abstinence from intoxicating liquors as a beverago. : This principle .1$ a sensi 616 pri nciplc. When you are. as old as I am you will ro ! i - gretmanythingsoii youwUl tnover Aregretithatt pastjut did not learn to you usatintoxicating, liquor; havo never:, met a person nor do I; hvlievo roa canjlna the person inthaworld who wouW say, fa :ararflfiy;;years ofgp, and never drank a glass of. liquor in my life; and I regret that I did not learn to drink it when I was young.MiNd.! " When you meet with one who has never drank, ho tells you, i'l am glad of or, I am proud 6 it." A man once called on me and iaid; I am not a reformer. : I care littla for reforms, or 8teamort thathich"we j self-control,-a- : 'i , ; eigEteen, andT am now,1 forty-threand J never drank a glass of ale',wiho'or spirits in e, and was proud of it. Dear ciildren, you ; would ho. shockqd if you could read some of the lottqrs that : lip inrny deskand that Jiavc bepn written , to me by persons, ofrall radcf pf isocieij " - 1 ; Gpd-tbro- ! ugh 0. F. W. - "Am you familiar wid tie Talmud ?" ask'ed a literary- Africab of a sablo brother; 16 which tho latter responded, "Do tall mad?'1 "Yeis. sah, to do tallest kind ob mud, I'm a native of New York and to do mud and manner born.!' 0 ' - Th I n Irof t hes et M uirtlTe" z&Juir: exj o oli thM" 1 oului ve, u nuhingrtef control. towp: power; your destiny Jn your Itemember. there is nq bne.evii in tho world; beforei.whicso -- . -- tenrae511T ' Inmost Earnestly f,dpsircfjt thcr,youUiror quired tho: appetite for strong drinks :;d no saviSi "L'lves in neu never lougeu wruwp of wateri as with all the pdwer there ia In me I Ions fbrudrlnkiv,? "Anothef ''ttitfte M there1 any hope7' for mo i his sfdo of the grave?'? .Another sayr"G6drkiib3how near I have been to self des'tfubtioh through drink, andjso on. ; V;!'Jrr ual hold act ZZOne poor man, ing my. fee t, ly criedout, .'Ql help mo, out of Jthidhell, 1 iva:SJ Prinkis my .cursed the cry mesrom. the inmates of the, I u? natic cuf3e;V thotato 'prisbnSj'Drifnk Jsmy victimswives.1 trpm irinoceht rbm curse ;' jnotliers, children; lDrinU is mycufse; irpm?"the blirhing Hps of the 'dying drunkari coraeV the' despairing cryj "Drlnlc H .my curse.' Thcr aro Broken hearts, blighted , hopes; ; LblackenedLcharacterll and lost souls as tho rbsuits of etrong drink', and cofif BlngWindlvIdtiril ?bttit rejoices In" Z ;A ':z.ZZz, his escape from i ti 13 ndtfthe total abstitienbe principle sensible? "But alfcf who drink do not become drunkards." I know v thatp buf if fifty " young men begin to drink; some will a3sur: edly bo mined by it. Then therejs a rlskl Now we all .desire safety and security.' Bupppso you dVsire to. travel from, New jVork to Ch icago, antl jhere ivere 1 wo lines : s ; . there we're acciJent ofoadno op ,whchoh'eyery-traisome: n c6nsantly:o:curring:; disastf-i- , passengers killed and wounded; in short, a very risky road; and on the other, never since Its opening had there been the accident. il. Vhich ioad'woiild you slightest ' " and sehsibl arb e; regard your taket rIf you own wclfare,jyou would take tho safe one. Suppose some orie should tempt you to take the risky road,' by 'telling you hoW much more beautiful the cars were'anVP whatia ': " country, especially four' pabbalblschopl scholars shall give 'aU tlleiritm our1 : , ed "t 7. J jemy de-rang- nd i thihki ofltbatr-ti;- ! mxUifeYhatjdQ.yQul ToTnv tXif rfet ntrvePatlihil vllor-n- r riiVcf, ': asylums,-fDntikj- 1 - missions, or Sunday schools. They fare all very well in their way, but they. are not.in my line. I have .been a n actor inc'e I: was 'A :" 1 : depends pn his weakened will feserye Jbim, using that which' - wa rps his judgment, arid then" depend ment to'gulde hlmuMrilrtliivWhich affects his then trusts his selflcoritrol " to1 keer him from dan-ge- r he is reckless.' Simply because some mendrlnlrandTrJcf notTbeisom rultikafdsT" cab f you? I pncei sa w m man stahd on a smalirplatform out3idenjth07Spireof a church, and looked down on the pavemeut '150 feet belowrBecause he did it; can yoix? 1 - ! tik ight go crash ing ebu So when a person; using wi thou t aceid to destructibri.1 ligalnlt lnls greats vii.Iay Jod heIiKy6u avbld;thd pbrils in life's jouiney, and the for 'your feet, so, that from "''Har placed f5to help the- tempted 'who' are your hand sturgglihg in their chains andmay by be enabled to L"iulfill"the !llawi- of Christ," by helping some poor, burdened souls-itd the1 higher life of purity; and - self-deni-al - n freMoml-Mesleng- Z:i r ot-T- c er - ' '; - f. i Jt J - i- -r r-- " "i -- ' - ipOPULAIlSAVINa,SBANIC,, An.exchange says: iSiLEaving 5oman at the bead gf a? family is the. very best savings bank yet establish ...rossi bly but; there is small incentivq for a woman to' establish t these banksr for after iv; lorig life of, rigid -- economy and caieful painstaking: ;tho entirt? atuniulatlon law her f reach irid , bdqng solely in . Vs well as in name to,' her, husband. f The nre of one.third during. herV lifetime, and -"- ther"bank" building rent free for one year "to live inftcr sthe death of the husband is suf-by men's taws and enactment's deemed the womari' to wnorii j .ficieht 5coneti?idalon is accorded the credit - of saving the whole.1 Women who have to of a pray the court for relief " in the shapethemare-beyon- for the' support of ;dnttdyandstipend children and find this doled ; d ' out selves ' to them1 from their own "savings lank,7 thejr according to a stranger's judgment ofAVhlle matter. understand this needy, present customs' obtain, we don't advise herself anything that deny any woman to - the finances- - of tho firm will purchase, jn order to build up a future over nvhich sho has no controL: Ex. - uihti'oi r.?J 1 i'i V.UV 