THE GOD WE WORSHIP. says: "Such has been the crushing effect of public sentiment that; women almost feel 1 ike apologizing or , being on the. earth at alL" I witnessed a striking illustration of the greater ; susceptibility of "women oyer From the San Francisco Chronicle- We choose ail gubttance; what remains The mjstict blind sectarian rains; All that each claims ma each possess Nor rrudfe each other's happlnesf. ' An immaterial God they chooee, An immaterial Hearen and Hell; For such a God we haTe no use; In such a Hearen we cannot dwell. i We claim the earth, the air and skj, And all the starry worlds on high; Gold, silrer, pearls and precious stones, And bodies made of flesh and boars. ; .. .. I expect Bro,OvF. Whitney to join mo here in a day or to; will try and retain Brother in tho Gospel, Salt L Ike City! , By which stupendous worlds were reared, 1 1 4 Lancaster City and Co., Pa., Dec. 10, 1876, : This mission. has fixed in my mind a con. elusion which to your readers may be both new and novel. I allude directly to the immense amount of good the Orthodox ladies of Utah coaid do abroad with their husbands or father's, in allaying the d is there our prejudice against will be most popular institution, viz. "Celestial Marriage.." Throughout, this country the people have been treated With periodical doses of "pen dente lite," "Tell it all," "Fifteen years among, the Mormons," and numerous other trashy, lying,! sensational effusions, gotten up by designing, men for moncy-makin- g purposes. They have not seen or heard a"Mormon,. Elder for a great many years in this, and no doubt most other counties of the State, and I am sure that a hopeful, thorough Elder, with tho presenco of a faithful, devoted wifeor daughter, would accomplish' as much or more good than two Elders traveling together. ,1 feel pretty certain that the feeiing'of confidence in the ability, and integrity of the ladies of Utah is rapidly obtaining In'ZIon, hence the confident appeals .tbthem to treasure up wheat, nurse home industries, such as the deep-seate- the vast amount or" good they arc doing tfirciugh the Relief Societies. That God may speed them success is my humble prayer. I would suggest in this connection that the Elders had better look to their "laurels," or they may lose the credit of being Saviors on Mount Zion A popular writer referring to aunjversat prejudice : 1 i-i'- 7G. In company, with my husband and daugh- r and also to meet with the Relief Sociedifferent settlements through , which I mlgtil pass, and gi ve 1 h ein such; instr ucV ' tion and, oncouragement on t he various sub jects that aro now belng broUght before the sisters, as was capable of doing with' the aid and 'assistance of my heavenly r Fattier upon whom' I humbly and implicitly rely for strength. The subjects most dwelt upon by me in taiKlng t.tiie. .oipv- tho manuand of tbe raising laying up jwb eat, of silk, sustaining the Woman's facturing Store and all other ,alsq to subscribe more; liberally for the Roman's VExrnen.and invited , the1 sistes, to take share in the ylisliingiof thje WomHri's Boofc. ' During my journey I tnet with the Relief Societies of Beaver, Filimorei Scipio, Gunnison, Nephi and Santaquin. In Beaver the Relief Society has a, full lot of t land and ties "in i -- home-indu3trie- s, -- ; It . el " :' ;with those who labor for Ziori.rf Trusting the seed sown may produce good fruit In the hearts of those who desire to keep tho commandments of God, arid praying always for the welfare of the Saints at home and abroad, desiring to- live to prof - mote knowledge' among the: daughters of Zioa, and to fce useful in the work of the . W IVgViUVl UJb 1 UmiUv , 11VJ i- -'t , iui lino wor-thy.- pf fall asleep spiritually; neglecting to" furlher and greater leads duty1 ! ' n " negligence; l; A') Ste-bstepi -- men and women- - havo fallen into ddrkness, arid it has olten been preceded "by the neglect" of their meetings; litis one1 : y1 4 the man or womatf who ;.ivalks:iup:td;-.eyery- ; obligation resting upon him or her can never retrograde in tho knowledgo of the gos- of . V. t In all out meetlnsa good spirit prevailed; and the people received lis every- iof-fott- 't , e. where with marked cordiality' ;Thef fcish-opsthe several settlements met 'with tho iRelief Societies in tho mdetirigs, imparting good counsel and encouragmeuCandiwish-in- g the sisters success in their 'United s. The sisters ey ery vvhere 7 werei very .earnest-anactive in the j stoiibg j rip of is a. subject which seems .to nayb jwjjeat" takn hold of tte hearts' of the women and th'ey are determined to 'carryputthis coun-"aof the. servant ot 'Qod. I, sincerely hope that some 'ood may result from' iny 'visit to 'these 8ettlemehts'; they havo riot the same that some of advantages and opportunities' ' us haVe,' and are anxious tdr be cd-- Workers ' i saidr "where two or three aro; gathered together in myr name, there, an? I in, the midst .of .them," No matter how few the number .may.bo ,pf those whp.-mcetogether, the to Xprd has promised, Jbej; there, and as wo are commanded to cleavo unto the Lord, and as Paul says, that we might walk Him, oejiug loiipiut M yr-- r j vork. Thus increasing Jn the knowledgo of God, our attendance to worship and performance of all duties' pertaining to the rifW and everlasting covenant," should be constant arid faithful, sb far as possible; the 'individuals who do not attend their meet-ingsi- lt advised them to set out mulberry trees over the ground, and thus commence the silk-cultur- attend our men, after having found tho way of salvation, and commmenccd to walk therein, should continue in tho lino of duty and seek to acquire sufficient knowledge of the grana prmcipics ortne gospel wnicn must out necessarily bounjlerstbpd ahd: c ttW meetings is: ignoring rour- 'lessons in the various branches of the gospel ; i t is t here we" are taught not Only from the lips of God's servants, but by the Holy spiritvhich influences and;dicttc,S; the; minds of tthpso who ill Uul a good substanuaijbrickibua U3 Li. - j ter, lieft hqmojm Itholi thjof Nov last . to visit my, children who resicje in the, coun-try- r I CORRESPONDENCE. Editor Exponent Dec. : -- And courts on earth for Him prepared. That when from heaven He, chose to come, He found on earth a heavenly home. ' n Such is our God, our Hearen, our alf., When once redeemed f rom Adam's fal AMI things are ours, and we shall be The Lord's to all eternity ! r f 1 : t . Noah He taught to build a ship, And Moses how man's record keep; r ' - all the Saints I say, let . nri. first pnnciples'of the Gospel, they aro sure of the 4ossessionT of all those heavenly enjoyments which aro duo to the faithful and diligent alone; for thej possession of those ;promised gifts, men and wo- . '- pb withlhe him with me, as I much need his help. -.That the Lord will always bless your", efforts In disseminating the truth, is the : ' r ' prayer of your ' ..r.. iluty Testirigupori us thatr tliispe call ira privilege because it is productive of great benefit and again it is a duty tho neglect of vwliich .will involve as much loss as tho observance ot it will gain. ' Meetings are fraught with great blessings and tend to build up the faithful Saiuts, or strengthen their desire to serve the Lord and- - to en. krgethefcunderstaiidingQf t he doctrines of our most holy faith; it is simply absurd for persons who have embraced the truth,and having begun to tasto.tho fruits thereof, to vainly imagino that after haying conformed .. " r.-- it I And make him coats to keep him warm. . : To - A farmer, architect and scribe, ; A tailor and all else beside; He taught old Abram how to farm, , ATTEND OUR MEETINGS. : . 4 You.-- Truly , selves and families. I need not inform you that every body and his neighbor is anxious to learn all about the "peculiar institution," and that questions on that .subject are alwaySifirst in order. But wiU tell yoa thatI havoihad but little trouble in removing much of that prejudice at all tiraeswhen a fair opportu, nity is given, Our God like us can hear and see, Taste, smell and feel eternally,' Immortal brain He has to think, Organs to speak, and eat, and drink. Withuan on earth or beaten He dines; Ills heart is cheered with fruits of Tines; Of Sara's bread and Abram's calf Ha ate and drank, 'till Sara laughed. The foremost in all branches He ; Of useful art or industry; : To plant to build, or dress the flld , Or make old Eden'i garden yield. 3 tertb my sisters. . men b religious matters aeAy;eylngs. ago, in Str&burgrin this ttounty.while' tending a. distracted' Methodist : meeting. Ogluof Jheopdly number that knelt at the "anxious seat" riot a single man was present, and yet there were numbers in the room that might have .igontf up to that manthem- ger of harFarid husksith prontlo ' ' j Of architecture unto man; last dispensation, pel; such persons are; all the timo on the .march of improvement, anl aro filled with Joy and satisfaction and Jiupu uf eternal life; they aro Jearriing, , vhilo those who neglect Iheir Jneotings arej losing, ground and are looked juppn as d ull and idle scholars or la-- . borers in the Lord's vineyard. .. I thereforq say again tq all the Saints, attend your .meetings arid bo humble and the Holy spirit will be with you and manifest to you thp gifts of the gospel; you will progress with the truth and be prepared for greater ; rcsporisibililies, consequently a greater reward' will bo yours and happinesi. in this life lind the life hereafter. , v i 0 Alma, Weber ? Co.4 FltANCES B. ' Haiit. : Mns.Ingelow, the mother of Jean Inge. low, died on the 10th cf Dec., at her resi' dence in London,' in - , herseventy-flft- h year. 