155 COBBESPONDENQE. Clieton, Idaho Ter., Apr. Editor Exponent: i Vould 1 Mrs. Margery Bateman bn the 1 7of Feb. , of ch i) d birth. Deceased was born .Nov. 20, 3855; came to .this country in 1874. She Uye4 and died a full believer in the Gospel 21, '77. " - of Jesus Christ; she attended, to all the or-- . dinanccs which will ensure her eternal life; arid in the morning of the res urrect ion we. hope, to meet our ocioyea ana enjoy endless eternity. phe n ciety through-anot dead but sleepeth." M. A. J. the-siste- m . -- rs like to ask if they re alize what;oqrjmiS3lons arorhere LonTfie" earth. We come here to receive our. earth, ly tabernacles, to 'gain an experience and I when we hear of the grand mlssipa assigned the Belief Societies, in Storing: Grain and their success in other, places,, the question arises in our mind, how ds' 4t; with Tooe Jo?,;, Jlut the, janswer , tp, us judging from former aQquaJtu net beli ind I n any. gwd work, and we pray that trou may oiesa you in .your lapqrs, ...vve.reV alize that the responibiJitlesVof.m are great, who so well qualified! ' tomake lasting -- impressions on the minds ; of. the youth, and. to learn them to appreciate their f peaceful,. happy homes,-.'wherthey .are fat removed from the wickedeess, vice and cof-- t ruption which exist in this and other.coun-- - We were called to mourn the death of. ii J v ; vuuic here toimprove Yourselves and to do ailthe good we can and Justus little hanri as possi-- ? bio. We shouldbe honest and truthful and f teach bur children the Bamo' principles, also teach them to observe the Sabbath, to God the giver' of and perfect gifts; and that it istoiEm duty as well aspura toi bow: beforo bur heavenly. Fatheri . t.A il. tri ior iiis joving Kinuness to ; uuu iimiiKTxiira wards us; again, here is a lesson for all? Wehoujd.npt wait till the hour of ad verity. an$;8Qrrow. comes,, before we pray; but wo 8h6uldspray at all times, so that in the. time of need we may have claim upon lis mercy and blessinAVe are. all weak and n e J, rev-eren- ; v I rr--r- , , : eaiiiccordino. Qurl knowledge, , by .help- ing one another, and doing good to all; we' may pvcrcome many of the frailties natu r ralJo human natures. -; - ing or mrty, membors3vvho are thirty-fiv- e GnX arid helping the f poor and needy, . this places arid I am convinced that a much s greiter good VDuld'lbe ' accomplished ir thoy were taken by every fomUy. : We have a Youn "TrnTHosi Miii ni T.r.. provement Society,1 ' which seems' to do . : much good and promote" the growth of in- tclligence arid happinessamong the young. Xwiil close for vriU! the-presentisl- lam ingwith ababoin my arms: My wishes are that' the Women's Societies may inJ ! crease in numbers, knowledge and wisdom. . it. YAiim Tii,J,. .'. - ' ! K. E. D. JMrNGToNi Eijitqr Exponent; Lake B'iAB .. , , 1877. -- eo EDrrOBrJSX Pi INENT ! all-go- od -r Gosiiet, April 3rd, ? ' I thank you verv muchfor vour kindness in taking5 an interest i n the young ladies in this place, and for your good advice and J I I hope that I will profit by it not did I desiro;. to hold the position of President of the Young Ladies- Retrerich ment Association, for i felt I was not caba- ! ble ot masrhifvinir the office: but the Presi- L5.5lJ3!ilt. Belief Society and others, tried ii cucuuiat; anu absi&i an ju iiieir power,--an- d were-- : veryii diligent in trying to get - t a small place and we have not many young this opportunity of communicat-ing- a V few of my thoughts to you and Intti&i form thft v.u...Uv wutVia uun u gelling along, in this little" branch of theaiy Lord's Vineyard. The Belief and Betrerichment Societies H,k? . ! men of Utah. That tho Lord, may bless all who are trying to build up the kingdom of God is the earnest prayer of your sister. In the Gospel, llATTIB: J. HlGGINGSON. . 26 " TenbV JVuiribi?3a" enough tq receive read Exponent in. pur which ts meeting truly interesting and ed- ;rt hive not done a great lbai in becaus the grain was ccounf of the our sVciotv : . ; . ' - : : :: J-" ' ': - England,' April 3,; 1877. tho officers and members of the Belief ciety of Tooele Cily. and So- ;- Joiin Bowberrt George Atkin. SYMPAHIE3iTOmILDBEN. you want to Jearn how , to , make jhe children lqveou ? :Do you; wint the f key Do that will unlock the innermost recessps, of their nature? then syinpathazo wlUn ? them always. Never allow yourself to ridi- -' cule any. of their little secrets:' ITeVer say, "Qh, pshaw!" wheh'they come to show yoU a new kite or marvelous topi arid "I ; can't be troubled!" when the hard knot won't be, untied, and two and two obstinately refuse to make four on their little slatcs--Kitc- s and: knots are only- - the precursors v of bolder thoughts and deeper, trials, which tho parents may one day plead to share. ) . : Don't laug at any of a ciilds ideas, how ever, odd or absurd they may seem to you;. Jet them find your, sympathy xeady in all their wonderments and aspirations. Thel 1 ittle folks are too much crowded but in this , , world; people geri6raliyr seem to think tbey" can be put anywhere, or in4de to' eat any-thing, or crammed Into auy;!butthe-wa- y corner, to amuse themselves" anyhow. Wo don't agree with these vjse- acres. It don't take niucn to make a child love you and trust in and' the benefits to him are absolutely youj Incalculable." bow much better it is for children to ph, all their cares and troubles rid' s bring 4 ! d temp--tation- So, under the gentle- eye of a kind par-ent! What a safeguard itr is" for them to feelthat there is alwaysra kind ear to listen to their doubts and griefs, :and. a gentlo' shoulder for theirx little heads ,f 0 nestle against! Bespect their, rights; never think; you can say Mtter things, in their presence, or do unjust actions. rhey;,are ;ithe .iinest discriminators jof fajr and unfair r in the; world. Somelody Wien Vyou are saj incirned tqbo'crosslwith' children for being: slow to Icarrijust try a moment to write with the left hand. See how awkward it proves, and then remerader that with children it is all left hand." Above alldo not beashaweil to let them know that you loveUhem Remember they will be ' men and.wpmen some day, and the slightest' word which fluence their future lives should become a. thing of moment in bur eyes.Sclected. . iraqmmisterlng. to Popular for a sick lady A' new bonnet, prescription a Oihmnrn ohatTTi nrA n silk - Dear Sisters j Feeling assured hat a few liiie? from lii would be acceptable, to you, and feeling interested in every gopd organization or enterprise calculated to benefit or increase the happine3i of the saints in i'ooele; although a distuned of over six thousand miles inter-,- v tween us, yet the memories 6f wonsare evcr with usf and give or refledtions, and It is very vwe hear becasibriallv of I r ' Street, Bi rm ingiia jrf and-praye- r ?rte(f VF(Wt the JVe ' cross-graine- ': are doing ;rell; the rraerTmeefs twice a month andaro abundantly .blessed; 'we en-- 1 gage in: singing and con versing! upon thepuro principles of the Gospel that to exalt all those wU;o are J ladies here, but the majority of them have joined the association and try to. do all they can to assist in' rolling on the great and glorious .work we are engaged in. We T meet together, twice a month, also take the Exponent anjd find it a great beriefit,to us; i t is always laden with good counsel which we. read along with selections from the cutpn books !in our meetings. TWo also conyerso with; one another arid strive to make the meetings as interestjiig as possi-- 1 ble. The sisters of the Belief Society visit U3 occasionally to Iristruct us; We edit a paper to read in our meetings and have' some very good compositions in it. I hope you will be blest in your undertaking, for it is a noble.one and will result in good. The Exponent is a great credit tQ. theeditors, and a great blessing to the wo- v - J the young ladies organized, and they helped 11s in every way possible after we were organized. We are .not very many In nom. - her in our society Jbr our settlement is but. - Co! , : counsel) arid ! ' tries; this oughtto suggest,tousithelnees-- i sity of redoubling pur .diligence in throw, ing a guard around ;.pur youth 1 and direct, theirJeet in the paths that, will lead them to eternal life which may .God give you the power to qo. We should be7 very happytohar 'pm'.; you as a society, if you could make it con fI veriient towrite to iis.V ; Kind love to all, arid may, the 'God 0f heaven bless you, and all the faithful saints1 Is tne prayeroTyo&TDte the succecs Uttendinjr ng to erect a suitable your "society, and to: ' others who are fond ure the sanahder namely, the Holv 4 that M Belief vernment having i.fime3 past; and "' T mayv " 'IIVJ3, It; 