lllfillii: 2 SALT LAKE Vol. '5. vi rliJ j J CITYvUTAH;ijlERIIi15 , 48?7r i cape, having been five years the protege of the famous "Sitting 'Bull.'? Wo named him "Ephraim Pratt,1 while away ho took .the name of his real father Frank Grou-arho went to a military station, and was immediately appropriated by General Crook; as guide, and scout in . his command. His father, Mr. B, F. Urouard, seeing his name in the papers wrote to hi m- - to ascertain who he was. Tho mystery was then solved ho was found to be my long lost boy; lost to mo ten years. I had followed him with my prayers, and thankful was I that in his childhood I had taught him to be-- ; lievo in. God and pray to Him. I addressed a letter to Fqrt Fettermap, and received WELCOME TO SPRING. .7 ,4 Lll 0 NOTES AND NEWS.! . O beauteous Spring! fragrant of leaf and bloom; Nature with myriad welcomes hails thy birth Thou breatbeat, and lo! a rich and sweet perfume, ' Jlises like incense from the gladdened earth, : - T . -- , - . t . ; 0 gentle spring! thy presence everywhere Kenews the erenjn earths cold heart, life-pul- se And from fta bosom, arid blossoms fair ' wild-bu- ds la rich profusion all spontaneous atarti gay with flowers? Mil and plain; o'er mountain Lightly ye tripped herald thee from Eden's bowers, The song-birAnd, with sweetest music, usher In thy reign , Trilling their notes till auswering echoes ring Prom wood, and glen, and fountain's mellowed flow .And mortal hearts a silent offering bring, ;. And bathed in sunlight, nature's landscape glow. And nope springs up afresh in saddened Hrcs, And clouds disperse and heaven again is clear, And tenderest trust, and confidence revives, For spring has come,, and beautified the year. Thou comest a harbinger from courts above; That we may realize, God's promises are sure; Whence come ye fairy-foote- d, da : : ( And givest us faith, earth's trials to endure. Hail b'essed type of Morn, wbo3e roseate light, Shall bring the tidings of a holter4irth- The Resurrection, by whose power and might The deeping millions will be ushered forth. Emile- S. L. City, April 13, 1877, A TRUE TALE OF tfHE PAST AND PRESENT. When on the Island v6t Tupuai, South Pacific Ocean, a boy was given me when an infant one year. old. His father, a brilliant young "man, native oi New York, was a missionary companion of my husband, Elder Add isou Pratt Haying remained there for seyeral years, he married a native woman from the Chain Island group; the issue was three sons, one of , which we, husband' and, myself) adopted. T We (my brought him over the seas when tie was two .years old, in,1852. Jnll85 .1" brought tiitn. to Utah, He. was a smart, bright, boyand I took pride in teaching him. He remained ( with me till he was sixteen, his father being absent most of the time. He then left me without .permission, and J went5 with a freighter to Montana. , Through various vicissitudes, lib became an express rider. Ont6ne of his trips, in 1870, he was captured by the Black Foot Indians, rubbed of the. mail, ntripped of ali bis clothes,, and left seventy. miles from any habitation. He managed to reach Ft. Hawley almostfrozen and starved; ater recuperating', ho was induced to ingage in the 6amo;businessfcwhich he followed one year longer anil was then Bioxix Indians ho was kept two years confined , to dneludge; after put that5had nioreriyiligbs granted him; Jie became. so accustomed to their habits, and uot being cruelly treated,', felt disposed to remain with them until, circumstances should render it practicable fdrc him to make, his escape. In ttio meantime apply, ing himself with all diligence to. study their character,; their . methods of and to know every inch of their warfare, .country: thinking that in some future day his knowledge would ba of service to himself and he coutr was not until ?QnerIlc04to 76 tnat ho,,founaan opportunity to es. , . ohe ? ; . fc , d; eligible for school officers has been, reconsidered and passed by the New York ate. J...V.., .,r,',,-S-"-f The Legislature of Minnessota has a bill passed allowing women to practice law in all courts of the state. Tho; vote in the House stood sixty-thre- o to thirty. In the Senate twenty-si- x to six. J. I Oliver Ames died at his honte in Eas-toMarch 9. Mr. Ames was a lead man "in projecting and completing: the ing u nion pacinc itauroad, and was its presi- dent at the time of his death." He "was an upright business man and his death Is a a public loss . ; 73 . well-know- " g as n very evident from thexharaeterlof thaad-dres- s, that women can speak for .Temperj Bim-pl- y ance. Wtiy cannot they y6 to lt6rt because ihey are woto'aiidvneyztot the ballot." HoW inconsistent that women must endure alt the trials of drnnken ; husbandSjbrothers and fattiersyet theare not in any public capacity whatever1all6wd toacteven for their own protection, against their abuse. May God speed the day when woman will bo "sufficiently strong by right of law to :; maintain4 vC position ' securely against the abuse; and mlsusd: of powTer How is it possible in view of the many evils which exist for any woman" to fall; tos see the want of woman's iufluchco.ln tho right of the ballot. - , '" y 5 ; in Stockingsi- - AT charming - club .which existed in tho time of Johnson had for .Its most; prominent member Mr. Still Ingfleet, who wore blue Btockings, :andwas. .so r distinguished for: the- - brilliancy. and wit - of ;hls conversation; that when! absent tho: other members would exclaim, wp can do JrX: this i. nothing without blua. stockings.1 tho titio of the clubbecamo established, and tho name drifted'iqto arSonbriquetfor c all who" afrectedilteraturci .'JTtie .earliest i mention: of aiWuotp4ing,, occurs Idia -:Greei comedy rcntitled- - fThot Banquet or V; . Blue t - : ec -ni : i terprlsesf If we aro surb cwe.: tiavo begun thein from God weJ may securely ; cast all I events uporf his providence, which knows how to dispose and howio end them. I'empprahco-meeUn- 1 , cp- - heldn J Mary A. Iiivermoro presiding who made Sho-wfollowed by other women who are laboring with zeal and efficiency for Temperance. It was? ; ih airgreat ''VoSn short notico o( a V)mana' brief address. : F: WE shairflnd difficulties --toE Boston ; , : ; . - 31st,tl77. One op the most novel occurrences of fe- con fcdate washe-examtotlo- n ologist of the head of thaBeV; Mrs Phebo . A. Hanaford. It having been decided' that she was not to occupy thei pulpit In Ithe .- k; Beaver,-March. : church where she had heretofore been sus- tained; her adherents fixed Upon this pecu-- . ' liar plan for the establishment of her claims s to the right of the pulpiLiIftUGraham, the phrenological expert, gavo her almost superior character ?dn tevery irespect and pronounced her supdriorily qualified to hold the positions Of course her ioppohdn ts were ivt Irtivm til V. .: chagrined. . :- i Byliren d most-earnestl- i . , ? n. Ma&s.. . ( - ; over read; giving me an accounfcpf. his. adventures and sufferings imploring u a most humble manner, forgiveness for leaving: me abruptly, and saying how dearly ho ; had paid for his waywardness and disobedience in, leavi ng so good a mother, who was always kind and usedjevery meansto make hlma good man." . The family and neighbors were excited and moved to tear3 when the letter was read; his photograph was sent, a3 natural as life; . a gentleman, no look of an Indian; about him, it is to us t almost like the resurrection of the dead. :The :. reporters ' wrjte every, thing in his praiseaas a. J'first ejass. cabinet officer,""chief of the: northern scouts, braver than, any Sioux' etc His ready brain and hands are said to bo practically ihyaluable.'f.One thing whichinter-est- s us very much, is that ho has found a white girl among the .Sioux, and from the . description given .we aro greatly in hopes it is Bro. Thurstons child, stolen from Cache Valley in 1 8G7, and grand daughter of Eider Erastus Snow, ,My son described her in his letter as a pale, delicate girl, apparently about sixteen years old; the Indians are . kind to her, they keep her making bead-worwho knows not a : word- of Engligh." He farther says, I have twice tried to capture her, but did not succeed, I think I shall yet accomplish it," I have written to Bro. Snow and received in return v.his heartfelt acknowledgement; promising his faith and prayers; and tiis ad- vice to the young man was that he would adviso him to attempt nothing so hazardous as her capture wpuld be, ipnly In tho fear of God, and by, sq doing, and acting: with great caution, he feels ho : would be sure of success. I copied the letter and sent it to , my son. I feel to pray that sucti an event may transpire, and the dear one, whoever she may Je,, restored to her yearning parents if hey still live, and most certainly tije complication of - these. peculiar circumstances jWpuld constrain us to acknowledge a Diyino Providenco In the whole transaction, and to thank our Heaven-ly- . Fattier for His all.preserying care : I ex-pmy son soon to visit me. : '"''--. Phatt., ; ' , and jmpressivctletters-- I well-dresse- Senator EmersoVs bill making, women j" i ? : t!PlUta?pti.?vi;;I v7 J;;: out V'1 !, 