::., - 63 thoseralso "who have-n- ot yet Joinedlthe Saints of the Most High; remember them in kindness that they may ba induced to abandon their hostility, and finally bo brought into allianco with thy church, that to they too may ascribe honor and praise God and the Lamb. And let thy blessing rest upon all. Forgive our sins; guide us ;: by thy good spirit in tho ways of life. Wo. are thankful, out Father, that thy servant who has gone before us is one that has fought a good fight, finished his course,! and kept the iaith. Help us, all to do likewise, and thy name shall have the honor and glory, both now and forever. Amen. impulses; half what is more lovely, or to bo more reverenced, than extreme age?-- And, my dear Alice, I would have thee this i remember to ever bo kind to the atredj to find it a dear nleasnro to t soothe their mer ged pathway, to light them by cheerful and j hopeful words to a joyous life in store, ana by .every" kind- attention caaS(B4themtofcfeel:,, that they have not lived in vain, but that their unremitting care and wiseeachings are remembered, and lovingly treasured. 7 ' ; : Ogden, Aug. 23, 1877. ' -- ? ! - 1 THE PRINCE OF WALES AT SAND-- ! BINGHAM, 'NEAR LYNN. For tha Exponent. T AGED COUPLE' : THE BY MRS. E. i Say not that the. are homely, but rather how beau-- , tifui in: their helplessness; ;They once were Oh, Alice, dear girl, say it. not! 1 ; pearly tears! but this their hour is not yours. , May the chilling blast never reach you, the destroyer, deal 'with you, gently. :' i ; . - -- . - depart-iitnenis- -- r whichTaro hard reading onough-o- n India, both: ' British i and native. ' Through the eqaerry'ji room, ;iho next of; tlio suite, Is u.reachedgthe. second; library which mighf appropriately bear the name of theSerapis 'RoomVfor it Is full of tho belongingsi of his Royal Highness during his voyagihgs , In the big troopshipr ; This room opens into the vestibule of the garden entrance, which by. reason, of Its proximity, to tho drawing-roo- short .is theieeasoi of lybuihfutS bloom; how soon the flush of beauty fades and how transient the smiles of lovely tothus with human llfe?me over its blooming gardens the faded hue of decaying nature, or.the pall of death. But we are saved the despair to which these gioomyrreflections 4,would"Iead- by the prospect of having vernal eternal 'bowew-Y- es, we are permitted; to hop6 4hat the Pr ingtimorof eaven will give r eternal youth to our decaying frames, and light spirits with tho of -- . up-ou- r L tinv:j:;v'f:i" inLave, oft?n bought how beautiful was reach jmfsed thp Prince's private a family-roomor'ningrooni, pur$ and; sim ' v pie." From this Toom' a door operfrinto" tho ante-rooof tho great drawing-room- ; a ed-there- js m m pretty.'Httlo apartment :;In French greyi , -- The principal liko all tho rooms on this side of tho house, looks out into tho park'acrbS3 the flower-bedwater, to whero the antlered - red and rockery, deer are browsing in tho beech glades, - It is a roomer fine proportions, of whose walls 5 tho prevalent tint is. a .pale rsalmon color; "and its fixed dec6rati6ns6re: studiously sfm; few mirrors pie,: cpnsif nJnerely-- pf placed,, relWise,!8bmyflorai 'mouldings', a ? painted celling, and a single group of statuTho , sweet scent of .spring-violet- s ary. "nestling among .moss rerfumes the air, and there aro flowers erywhereVlndeed, the wholo houso Is a7flbral bower, for tho Princess i3 passionately fond of ffowers, and literally lives among them." A. of the drawing-roo"gives" on a small domed conservatory projecting- from the garden 'front' of the house; AEri suite"' with the' drawing-rooUs tho dining-room- , drawing-room- s, t- ; 1 s idoor-windo- w m - 5 m i' I . : m ante-chamb- er y, va-rie- ty st ne if-beate- ra : ck st 5n-Norf- olk 1 J im-proVeme- rits. 5 f-- y tir-bit- sj - 1 m, Is always used on baUjnjgKfs.! .Froiri. tho main Corridor stretching; to. the ; great staircase theie open on the right the princU but before these are pal rewptlorf-room- s; - m gar-den- er head-keepe- t its inPOcent purity, and beautiful glow of health DP youth the SJi ? arm' Rowing heart full ofjoy-anticipation; of middle agei full of in- "eashig interest, with a healthful, free, expanding mind, a heart filled with generous : table English home, designed-nofor show, but to be lived in every detail eloquent of . unostentatious taste and of refined domes-- r home-savo- r r of ? tieity. The Sandringham begins from the doorstep, fori there is no formal cntrance-hal- L Tho vestibule is simply a part and portion of. tho great saloon which may bo called the family parlor of the house. - From tho saloon opens tho busi.nessiroomwhere the Prince transacts his correspondence gives Interviews to other ..than4 social visitors, sees his. tenants on questions of improvements,? and . gives his personal ; instructions to land.steward, r. On the right of the and as one enters tho house, lies the vestibule, room in blue and. light library; a, pleasant oak, whose shelves are filled with books ;: . belonging almost exclusively to the ; U of history and travels. A' whole 4. compartment Js idevotecL tolworksibn-ih- e ijCrimeanl War, another? to booksmany of . Look upon them again. See their countenances wear a calm patient; and resigned ' . expression. Theyihave tho blessed promise: "There is rest for the weary!" Oh! Alice, assist the tottering feet of the agedsoothe them by" the; fondest affection, and let them not bo the object ol thy con-tempt. Theyaro a3 helpless as children. Their feeble step is trembling on the brink of the grave, but their hopes may be firmlyf ' placed on the better shore which lies be- yond. .Their eyes are dim with suffering and tearsj-butbeirpirituat vision may, bo tho contemplating gradual -unfolding of the gates of rest fl Remember,: my dear Alice, that when; past, it returns no more. As the cold, dark winter wbf ago comes on, this world affords but the t frigid prospect of the. interminable night of death.-Aniho- w SnSfJ1? . ven-- ; $ and--time- holy songs. a t -- 1 7 (FronxitheWorld,) Sandringham is no stately palace, where comfort is a secondary consideration, to splendor, i where sumptuous suites of apart ments bear tho chilling impress of being t I i tsi.J unu uninnaoicaDie; doc umanaoueu like ybuyouhgy loving, hxpe'fuIjbut-timor- ; and sorrow have left their sure, sad trace. The deeply furrowed brow, the silvered hair, and the. .stooped form, all spfeakjo us; of how much they have suffered have endured through these long, weary years of life's struggle. Theirs has been a rough sea; rude breakers 'have assailed them, waveafter waye of. sorrow ianclcaro have sweptiover them, and theyaveat times almost stranded, and but for the lingering " beam of hope sent by Him who rules the havo long tempest and the wave, they must : since sank to rise no more. Weep on, dear Alice, I divino your feelings; and how refreshing the sight of your - d, char-a-ba- J. HARDING. hrd genial-lobkin- g a warm-tihieroom sug gestlve of comfort in its every iteml -- From the dining room tho way leads' through a "corridor of weapons," where tho "white arms" of all ages aro arranged in glass-- 1 fronted cabinets on tho walls to tho billiard-i- i room, . The annexed smoking-roois the ' to the long Vista of the;towl-ing-allelighted both from sides and roof, with raised seats at the upper end, whence ladies may look down on the tournament of their squires. During the shooting-seaso- n tho routine jof Sandringham life has for littlo other than the change of the scene of the sport The start is at half-paten; and if there is any distance to be tray ersed, tho jgunners travel to the scene of f heirsport ih the and waggonette, Tho Sandringharri corps is forty each member Norfol k a strong, wearing smock-froof brown fiisiian, with a number on a red badge.7 Luncheon is at two, served in a marquee in somoi convenient spot and at this meal the Prlnvsess joins tho whd are Jher gentmehIwIthL th ladles seven the guests. - From six to half-paPrince addresses Himself to correspondence and business; bur Indeed there is hardly an ." - hour of tho day. which his Royal Highness devotes wholly to ' pleasure, for his land-' steward - generally accompanies him ' in shooting excursions at hand to note suggea-tion- s as to Jmprovemonts which may occur to tno Prlnco as ho tramps over the estate. It is reputed of the Frihco that no landlord in the county is better acquainted ; with the detailslof hU property,1 and with a " greater zeal for its: improvement. The Sunday is the most characteristic day .of tho week at Sandringham.- - The Princess drives to Mr. Onslow's little church across the - park;- the QPrince with his male guests ; ; walks, and after se'rvico walks back through the grounds, intent on pointing out his After luncheon the whole house-pattwalk out past the bachelor's" cottage to the kennels. A: flock of foreign goats immediately beset thePrincess, wise in their generation and in the full expectThere i3 a leisurely stroll ancy of through the pheasantry and along the snuglysheltered cages in which are housed the Nepauiese birds,5 which' were one of Sir Jung Bahadoor's gifts; The bear-pi- t looked down into,r and the bears: coaxed to climb ' the pole tho dogs claim attention. The cannot' be passed over; and "monkey-hous- e " then the -- with multitudinous: dogs, as partyj r stroll to the gardens. "eclaireurs,"' away There Is no lack of occupation for days ;not devoted to sport.! ThO' laboring1 folk i in "Sandringham parish having been alii com- lortably housed in model cottag'es,r the of tho cottage architecture and ac- commodatioh of the parish at Wolfertonl now ah outlying portion of steadily being proceeded with, tinder the personal supervision of the ."Prlnccsa herself,' who sets her face determinedly against defective and- nnpicturesque homes for her laboring people. At a farm in his own hands in Wolferton parish the Prince has some fine pedigree short-hor- n stock, and is rearing-a-herwhose Influjenco gradually must benefit his neighbors,, without theex-pendituof sensational prices for. the fancy 7 vi 1 . ui a particular Btrain. -- - refor-.;;mali- bn : - 1 ihe-estate-- tia - - d re 1:; Mrs. Gov. o) -- :m : : ' Van1 Zahdt, of ;Rhodo Island, is a daughter of the, late Alliejrt Cf. Green, , .who wrote that excessively,, picturesque chant, "Old .Grimes; is DeadC Mrs. Van ZandtUs known 'for i her zeal In charitable f. " , . " projeefs. ' : , : .. . 