W0 M THE WOMEN: OP UTAH; , . : The women of tJtab they are going to tell ' ' Of tholr hardships, and griefs and virtues as well? r They have tolled long and nqblyljay foughijthe good" 1 .. ... , . j y " were driv'tf 1 . : zi: dure' Their reward in the future, awaiting, is sure. m THiirof lieroes that"foughtiiad the Tt$ctotf&ffitt"r" The mem'rles emblaroned oft tablets in song, They fought but fer pountry.and they won the proud day And rose from oppression,' and a tyrants dread sway. If their af t "Boflcp, oh Rcecp, '1, ' ' , " jrassion-rtd- ' ai ; "Daieics, oh Daiaies, Snow-whit- e things of !il A little patience teachpurity, me. I blush to whisper thee: '"ait, wait, he comes!' 'Willow, ohJVillow,' Willow drooping tenderly, Hear me tof tly say to thee, J ' .'' ' " ! ? i- - : ' : a , WaltWe.Icome!" A' -- This old-tim- e ldve-in- g Of June, the month of roses nd of fate, j U The twentieth day; H : ;, t ;And, just below, one scea TT. . , y ThoKtoryg end, in words like these: In flowery, far-- a war Bombay i' -Died In June, the twentieth 1' ' day." y,'hv - J . -h ENCX)KE-- 6h iShephcfdeii-MadameEssipo- ff firmly-decline- d efea n imrf 1 . l -- . " a 'politely" to' of her repeat any numbers -- though repeatedly called back to' n. the stage. ' Anna E. Dickinson made her debut tb second of April at the Eagle Theatre, New :' v ' York. - : Mme. Ilistorigayo ;a performance. at the lApolIOjTlieatro in Rome recently: for tho benefit of the Working Men's ThQ Piece was , "Elizabetta d! In. giulterra,'f and tho great actress , was. ably, Co-operati- : tilfiy' ve -- . : - -- yet GioMi n.: Pjcaeix ' &4 -- nt "Miss Carey was in wonderful voice, and sang GlucK's "Gtra fu solo a me'f with grand fulness of tones and appropriate gravity of style.,, ;: .Upon: being recalled 'she gave Beethoven's, Arietta, In gnsta tombo,?' "Q don iatale" from Verdi's Bon Carlos. r She also gave "Summer. Evening Memor-ies.- ", " Miss Jicllogg interpreted mad scene with .genuine dramatic- -Ophelia's life and discrimination.,,. Miss Kellogg, also display- her vocal fluency and her exact and easy skill as an "executante' in thq Bolero from. ''Sicilian Vespers." In resnnnso in im perali vo ' twarethdate How literary men and women write their 8tady:i3'aiways nm&tteT:Qf;Mtei7 JpMaqd : est , here is a sketch of some moled authors. that' he does all ? his ' 2ulIopepsserts -writing befora breakfast. Mr. Tom Taylor that all his literary work was performed before official hours in the morning.- - H; J. Byron says he only writes- two hours in a day, but he takes credit for thinking a f great deal. Mr.; Hep worth Dixon literally writes from morning to night. George El -Hot is at her desk from six, to seven hours ail day.Mrs.Henry Wood writes every day until dinner time.' Farjeon, on being asked "how many hours a day he wrote,, replied w t4io time," which is asserted! to be very , nearly true. The late Lord Lyiton , said , that in two hours daily great things in lit. erature might be done.v - Scott; neyer on his working days wrote less 4han fotir, or. five nours, ana ne always sat down , to his desk primed. There was. no affectation, of IciJ sure about Uhe authors ; of j Pendennis, and David Copperfield, auti I himself up for we&cs together and rote ' ! hour after hour a a stretchl ) 'Ilss Btadddri r has been in the, habit of writing5 from ten' to sixteen hours a 'day, a couple of years ago her labor wasl splncessarit :t jiatit turned r rherbrain and she ha:tdia for many months In the middle of a novel,"-- - , . . 'Heart,' oh heart ' ' i:B!essthisdcar,'dt'arday That brings from far Bombay, These words that to thee i saj-' ..vii.i.ii;....,,t.. .... vcrdi x These word?, his words to me: Wait comer. ' " : Co. Mbs Macguid will shor tly publish a series of papers to be designated "Aniori the Yorkshire Abbeys:" they will appear in ono of the English magazines j' : ter interpreter than Madame Essipoff of such a fiery product of Listz's peculiar gen- -' iUS. ' : I'.i Wel i enter-tainmo- violets, i : - ' ob Violets,' i GuileleEs wonder-heIs so true, Kaithul little souls of blue, I whisper it to you; ........ ... . ' Wait, wait, he cbmesi!' : Orchestra. 10. Duet,sQuis est homo,............Kossini. , Misses C. L. . Kellogg, and A. L. Gary. -- 11. March and chorus, Tannhauser ...... Wagner. Orchestra ajid gfeaorgan. We have read the reviews of this in the Boston papers ' and publish hdre some extracts: "Madame Essipoff was heard in the best ransic which she has ever played in Boston. The technical difficulties of the composition wrere simply forgotten under Madame EssipofTs treatment. Wo do not think if would be possible to find a bet- Walf,wait,IcbtS?r. : announce for the com- ing season aJ monograph' upon Charlotte Bronte including letters by her which have -- never bfor Carlos, olcro,-Sicilian- .: . , Crimson warmth o'erfed, Thus l ath bo said: Hanging Scjribneb '& Miss Annie Louise Cary. 7. Solo piano, Rhapsodic Ilongroise, No. 2. ....Liszt. Mme. Annette Essipoff. J3. Vespers... ...Verdu V Misi Clara Louise Kellogg. 9. Waltz, Autumn Koses.... v....... Strauss. 7 with age,; . ABOUT THE 'LITER ATL" : ,..".V..C. ' " , , m " 'Grik,-- t .And from its leaves grown brown I take a Ptory and a single pago: r ! 1 '''.w'i'i..i...'.t....Beethov6n", in America, A LEAF FROM A JOURNAL, . Liszt's recent concert at Vienna, the J city of Vienna presented him with the large gold "Salvator medal.". Thq Viennese critics dwell on the piano-fort- e performances; of I)r. Liszt as equaL to those of. his best pe riod. The instrument cwaa covered with crowns and flowers. He accompanied Mme. Goraperz-Bettelhelin tho Scotch airs of r r appearctl-iih'''-' At Kandel For violin, viola's, harp, great organ and solo violin, by Mn S. E. Jacobson first timo Frovo Jan. 22, 1877, One day I searched an ancient cabinet And 'found 'a musty bcbk; hare It'jre-A journal of th& good year'twetity-nfh- e, Kept by a long departed friend of mine; opt---63,- AdeUna-Patl- i- e. . Mrae. Annette Essipoff and 4; Mad scene from Hamlet,,, ' :' n -Thomas. .V,......:.V..A v" Miss Clara Louise Kellogg. 5. Largo (adapted by J. Helmsberger), . and worth I should tellC 5 The women of Utah fet their riames be enrolled On the brightest escutcheons the future shall hold ' ' And their mem'ry fprever engraven shall starid ; - , 'Mong the. noblest and fairest of everyJantL. r sel-deni- i - .,7Has -; the greatest success in "Scmiramide'a part the lady has not heretofore jsustained in . new....... But the women of Utah a Tlctory will claim That will place their rank foremost in annals of fame; Fore'd to leave bomffUnd friends to these mountains to Their deeds are on record and remenber'd will bo In tffllveerTdThrbuf filsll But my pen it would fail,' and these pages would swell - or-ihestr- a. rrr watch over them, while His wrath passes by - -- l. God will : s 8.t)ncertoyo47toajor Those mothers in Iiraeltfsome-ndwpaM'dawayThey have borne well the burden and he&t'tf the day,, And their names should be honbrM while time 'shall en-- " . MaiE miscellaneous,-and-- . :l : sentation. Orchestra. ' V 2. Aria, "Cara: fu solo ame, "- Alces te i5F?i a . . . v. ; .Qluck: Miss Annie Louise Gary, : . Little pity for Latter-da- y Saints has been found. ' The women of Utah; yes, their lives should bo told, : V And placed upon record in letters of gold. rr seconded by, the lorellL Company, which came expressly: irpmienafortherepre- - 4 Hungarian suites pp; 107...IIoinnrV; " 'd-r::- 179; enter-tainme- nt : The ters werherolnejB unflinching and.bravf,.;. Though, tbelr fondcat and.dearcst "wqre laid In the graye, ' And many k mother when the tempest Vaa wlld, ' In tbettorm ithwt shelter, gave Birth to her 'cbildi "!1 Like the. mother of Jceusas we dften bare read' Who was glad in a manner to. mako.ber pQQr bed. . . ': ... And In this freer country where churches abound . ' NT;. Boston is t metrbpcilis of AraericA Jn niu-- j sic, it will not be out of place to reprint the bill in full, 'as it might bo a model for other ' ' ; musicals; that were clopest'W anguish were riven, i t ; And ties B The Boston Music Hall was open for its Annual Concert pr;;ii, ;wt.Z Jhe, was quite a remarkable: one ; in character, and gome of the most famous artists America can boast participated in it; as the programmerwas' . , Agraln'st sin and Batarf,'to In Mlsscni ri when' the Balhts ' wl thont1 mercy B XPON-- MUSICAL AND DBAMATIC NOTES. Lines suggested :;Tny iiuj?g , were .abopt ptubijsina bcwk- caix Women ''The ed opMobmondom. ght: N; S - . Hebbeiit. Spencer's opinion of , George Eliot is that she is "fhb greatest :woman' : . that JayerJiyed.;... "The Two Americas, is the title of a new book by Major Sir Ro3e Lambert Prico Bart. , The critics denounce the book as an- :in tho: strongest sense, and abounding in slang which is decidly unbe- coming to the BritishrarIstocracyrTHereis r a sample of his sontimcnts. "To universal all the ills in suffrage existing alLexlsting republics can bo distlnctly traced. : I i , f : .V Good nature is the best feature in the finest face. , Wit may - win admiration,, judgment , command respect, ; knowledge attention beauty inflame the heart,, with love,' but good nature has a more powerful effect it adds a tlibusand attractions ' fo;(he; charms of .beauty, and gives an air "of beneficence : v r to the homlicst face.. : '" 