: loo WOMAN'S EXPONB NT. : THE EXPONENT. 3fIIUKr Editor. B. WXXLS, opportunities; that she may become equal to the position she desires to maintain. Otherwise she cannot expect to retain a firm hold of rights that may come to her through the inters vention of others, who have qualified not only to assert and maintain their own respective rights, but have stood boldly forth in the defence of their less courageous sisters. Of what use is the ballot in. the hands of women who will not use it, who cannot bo made to understand it as an avenue of escape from wrongs and outrages, as a door by. which woman may enter, a wider sphere of usefulness and through her influence, potent in its power, Cleanse, and purify, and renovate much that is radically wrong, immoral and impure. If ever modern society is purified from the moral pestilence which now pervades its ranks, if ever intemperance is checked, woman 'must in a material, efficient and practical manner, aid in its renovation. It is no doubt her true province to assist in restoring a purer and higher tone to society, but will man allow her to do it ac cording to her own broad and philanthropic ideas and sentiments? Not yet! But when women as a class, are educated up to that higher standard of excellence, when they are so thoroughly systematized in the work they have undertaken, that of reformation in social life, then they will be able to brook all restraint laws, and achieve the imposed by triumph over custom and tradition which now binds them with galling chains. The women of America have begun, other countries are following her glorious example, and eventually, (God willing) woman will regain her true position as man's companion and co- mission to Europe; having been recalled to attend to business here. In remembrance of our own school-day- s in New Salem, Mass.y we publish the following, clipped from the Woman's Jpuraal, of . Hoston: "New Salem, Mass., is proud of its district school, under charge of Mrs. Hat tie. A. Clary, formerly Miss Bridges of beerfield.whleh closed them-selve- In Salt Lake City, : Utah. one5 Terms: One copy year, $2.00; one copy six months, 1.00. fen copies for tha price of nine. AdTertising rates: Each eqnaro, ten lines of nonpareil space, one - A liberal discount to tirae,'t3.00per mostly-$3.00-regular advertisers. Exponent Office, corner of South Temple, and First East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address aU basiness communications to Publisher Woman's Exponent, Pabllshed semi-monthl- y, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. DEC. 1, 1877. FITNESS FOR PRACTICAL WORK. Men and women of prestige in this age are becoming so thoroughly practical that every thing seems about to bo measured by its adaptation to use. That theory, or rule, which can- not be made conveniently subservient to practical purposes Is deemed ne.xt to worthless) the term "not practical" Is continually being applied to plans which do not succeed well, or inventions which have not been utilized. Men of all classes and professions are estimated not so much according to the knowledge they possess, as the faculty or tact they have for its utilization, In pursuing the varied affairs of v ;L.:. life. It 13 only by gradual processes that sure Jesuits are attained; and if any system of reform in society Is introduced by women, it cannot be made eminently practical immediately. Work progresses according to the fitness of those who prosecute it, and much may, and does depend upon earnestness and devotion to the cause one maybe engaged in. In any condition of life, those who piepare for certain, special places are more likely to fill them with dignity and credit to themselves and all interested, than those Who jump Into, or usurp positions for which they were not previously prepared.. To be sure the Lord sometimes qualifies persons by some special interposition, as He did "Jesus' disciples," but this is in exceptional cases," when the exigencies of a time, or times demand it. Such persons are usually referred .to sh haying rare endowments, or fino talents, which circumstances mold at the moment of action, making them equal to the "emBjenqyr--'- " J This day Is spoken of as the Woman's day, or as one, in which woman is moving forward - -: andclalmlng rights and privileges which have ben denied her; and is It not absolutely essentia that "Women shculd prepare themselves for the blessings of freedom alid. inde e pendence" In thought and action which of them, claim and desire to enjoy, as an boon? We believe it inherent and long man-mad- e '' v" .. 1.: . worker. Mormon women have had some peculiar experiences, and opportunities for discipline, that ought to have materially aided them In a , higher education than the women of the world enjoy. The system of woman's work organized here in Utah, should, if the sisters would fit themselves efficiently, prepare them for practical work In every department in life which pertains to the mbsion of perfect womanhood. Can they be made to realize these things? Are they moving forward and becoming useful to the extent of their ability? In short, do they seek to educate and qualify themselves to stand as helpmeets to the brethren, who are building up Zion? This is a subject on which much might be said. Of what use is it to clamor for posilon, if one is not fitted for the work it involves? None whatever. The work to be done diligent requires hot only the few who may and lead out, but it requires the universal help of all the women in Israel; and when in one strong phalanx they shall unite, having fitted themselves for practical helpfulness, then will not glad shouts of Hosanna arise, and will not all the people with one accord say Amen? " v . they-som- HOME AFFAIRS. God-give- n Is. L.,i.:.A.t.: ..'.,.rt. .l.--- " r:::. 2 The laws of the land In withholding political freedom from woman, have by very conse, quenCe.also wrought," out her moral, mental and social slavery. Can they then as a class riseinT one supreme moment from ignominious bondage which has enthralled thenrbody and soul, to a high standard of mental and social greatness, such as some conceive to be the true ideal of their ambitious hopes? No! woman as well as man must qualify herself for that to which she aspires. It does not signify only, that the may be good and pure but she must also comprehend what is her mission and the necessary qualification for the fulfillment of that definite labor, by all available means and The Committee of Consultation in the in- terest of Woman's Exponent, is respectfully requested to meet at the office of Woman's Exponent, Tuesday, Dec. 4, at 2 oW6ck7p7m A punctual attendance Is required. Col. J. R. Winder and Gen. R. T Burton returned Tuesday evening from a business trip to Chicago. They have been transacting business for the Tannery and Woolen ' Factories. t v Bisnop John Sharp left for New York City Mrs. Nellie this 'morning on buslnes. R. Webber accompanied him to meet her husband, who Is on his way home from his Co-operati- ; ve Special prominence has been given to drawing and, with 1400 days of attendance by twenty--eigh- t , pupils, there have been, but thirteen days . : absence." i..: Dr. Romania. $. PrAtt has opened, her office in the 12th Ward, 2d Sputh St., between 5th and 6th East Streets. She has made a specialty of eye and ear diseases, having taken special courses in the Eye department of Drs. Noyes Little and Callan, of the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary, and of Dr. McCIure of Well's Hospital, and of Dr. Heyl of the Philadelphia Dispensary, of Philadelphia. She also took a clinical course on the ear, of Dr. Burnett, the first Aural surgeon of Philadelphia. She also gives special attention to obstetrics and diseases of women. Mrs. D. P. Bowers,; an actress of f ome considerable fame, played in the Salt Lake Theatre three evenings this week. Queen Elizabeth, Lady Audley and Camille were the parts she represented. Her voice Is pleasant, her manners graceful, and her rendering of each of these characters exquisitely, poetical. Mr. who travels with her, is an actor of prepossessing appearance and more than average abilty. They have drawn good houses, Mc-Collu- m, even in "these hard times." They were well supported by the local dramatic company. Errata. In the minutes of the Belief Society meeting of the First Ward, published In No. 12, Nov. 15, on the 6th page, a mistake occurred, which we consider it necessary to correct. In the remarks made by Miss E. B. Snow, whichi commence with the last paragraph of the second column, we have published 11 We were not sent here to consult our own consciences;" which should read ".we were not sent here to consult our own convenience." In the R. S. Report of Honeyville, published in Sept. 1st, No. 7, in stating the atribunt of wheat stored 55 bushels a mistake in the figures made it read 505 bushels. Elder O. H.JUggs returned Saturday Nov. 24. from his mission to Europe. The English climate seriously atiectea nts neaitn, ana do was therefore advised to return home. He acstayed a short time Visiting bls friends and quaintances in the States. Mr. James Dwyer returned from the East in company with Eider Rlggs. He has been purchasing holiday goods for the little folks'r Santa Claus.i; He expects r dear old ' Santa Claus to come to him for hi orsupplies for the children's stocklnigs and to nament Christmas trees, etc.; he, has'also provided goods In his line ' suitable for, all agesi James and Santa Claus will please call at D wy efs and examl Whis stock of Merchandise before, making large purchases elsewhere. Wrs jtr tte. . MiipnAH frnm A TTlOst inter-- . In esting visit to Tooele City, where we went E. company with Miss E. R. Snow and Mrs.welHoward. The party of us were heartily comed by the good sisters there, and. the brethren too seemed pleased with the" visit lea by the seven o'clock train, Monday morn28andbn arriving at the nearej1 ing, Nov. a ' point adjacent to Tooele, found Brotner wltn and wife and Mrs. Micklejohn In waiting, . a carriage and fine spirited span of horses. r The meeting was at two ;ocloci; meantimt ; . - : -- . 1 . 