EXPONENT. W OM A N'S " 3 "fearyears the: shadow. The hunprofound secret from him, is: Indeed ; dreds of rude log houses that at one fully and wonderfully made." All who come to Kirtland explore the Tern, time covered tht hills and valleys, like BEFLECTI0N3 ON BEADING "PiCCAOLA." , their inmates, have mostly disappeared. pie and register their names, a nominal fee The hum of industry has departed, and only being collected by the one who has charge Alone and forsaken on life'i stormy main freedom of arain, the orof the premises. On tho first floor, where the occasional clink of a hammer, - the With no hop of the blessinjr lathe dust; Hta alms and ambition for earth stroke of an axe may bo heard where all religious services are held, the walls are in no trust no and faith bosom bis in j Despair was once alive with the noise of. trade and a tolerably good condition. The two rows In hJa God and bis Saviour to pierce hrou b th gloom. manufacture. The aspect Is one of general of pulpits with the letters designating the That enshroud tis spirit more da than the'tomb. retrogression,. and the homo of, a thriving; grades of the Priesthood, face each other The phantom of bappinese irhlch be bad tsoujrbt, is now from the opposite ends of the apartment, a the dwelling place of few colony That cannot with things of earth ever be bought, nunarea souls who seem In appearance the and, excepting some of tho seats, remain Had fled from before him5 as dew front th lawn, fast dying remains of the lethargy which in statu quo. The place is well furnished AH, all but despair And his cold pride were gone in alone bls,cell, surrounds them. The Mormon Temple, With thought's maddening powef with seats and facilities for lighting up. HW soul's bitter anguish no mortal can telj. alone tells th e s tory of the -- past. On an The rollers on the lofty ceiling show that - eminence facing the east, it rears its head: it was once divided by curtains, while There came to his prison by kind angel sent, Who on misstons of love o'er the lone one bad bent, in solemn dignity above the surrounding everything- - betrays a beautiful economy A frail gentle flower, like him there'alone, elevations and scattered wrecks of the" and convenience of design an d execution. d before all unknown, ' And it touched a deep weather-stained a has On the next floor, to reach which we rebuildings it survived, A chord which could lead him to peace and to love. relic of a former greatness an, inanimate turn to the hall arid ascend a flight of stairs, To see God la His works, and to him look above. Marius on the ruins of Carthage. Above the walls and;scanty furniture are in a bare-an- d He had drank, deeply drank of science and art, the front entrances, which are reached by shattered state. A placard informs us la all f earth's pleasures bad borne a wild part, two bad him before the of and broad knelt, stone The proud that this was once the School of tho lovely flights steps, the gilded But the touch of pure friendship be never bad felt, "Built of the Church Jesus inscription by Prophets;", but Is now usedr when permisv rntil to his prison this frail flower came,' ' sion Is given, for school exhibitions,temper still snlnes bright as ever,: unristi834," Which taught him to loveand hi fierce pride to tamo. but the original appearance of tho walls outance revivals, lectures, and other entertainHe knelt unto man for the life of bis flower, nas Deen wrought upon materially by ments requiring a room of Its size. A nosiae For his own, would have scorned to bow down to the wear ana tear of the elements. tne tice nailed to a pillar, after an 'impartial" power j When the Mormons , left Kirtland. the and charitable f?) synopsis of Mofmonlsm, Which had torn from him honor, fame fortune and allr and a slur on its leader, announces that And confined a lone prisoner within the dark wall, building fell into the hands of Grandison one was It bis darkneess , In those hours of joy "We (the Josephites) wish it distinctly Newell, a bitter' and active persecutor of Bis thought and his study, his care and employ. tne unurcn, who disposed of it for a few ' . that we are no part of the L. D. S. of to him disto to him It saved reason, it brought iove, nungrea dollars another, who in turn Utah, we have nothing to do with them; And friendship as pure as the angel's above; posea or it to some one else. It was (and yet the mighty work; of Conversion It opened at last tola .dark prison cell, chased finally by Joseph Smith fun., the goes 6n) we are not Blormons." And placed him again 'mid life's pleasures to dwell; son of the martyred Prophet, In whose pos He took this mnte friend this companion in pain, My couslris, who accdmpanledwe on the session ait still remains, being; used as vis! t, had been bantering me heretofore, To share in the sunshine of freedom again oi on the supposition that the Salt Lake Morpiace worsnip by his followers. These He won for a bride the fair girl who had come, " are called mons call but themselves and the Josephito faction were idefl. To share with her father his dark prisou home "Josephltes' ,f "Tnie Latter-da- y To smooth with her loved hand bis silvery hair, tical an idea which is very general, hot-- " Saints, in distinction to And with smiles strive to win him from sorrow and care, th d ' Latter-da- y Saints, or Mormons,,, of withstanding tho I announcement.; quoted It showed him the power which love has to win, wnom e, uran, in view of the decided aver tney regard in anything but The heart from all selfishness lurking within : a spirit of brotherly kindness, as heretics sion in which they held, tho ; latter, ! t was Now pause I in sorrow and pain to relate;' who have wandered into the wilderness with a degree of satisfaction that I pointed Of bis flower, bis angel of blessing, the fate; from the standard of truth. Presi away out. Ihi3. confirmatory evidenco to my pre- - i To tell its neglect In bis triumph and Joy, il dent they-raan Young vious.deniaU And bow this neglect its fair life did destroy; usurper, and; be cause ne nobly shouldered the labors and Alas o'er my heart comes a desolate pain Wo now ascended to the third floor. went Tis the same sad n sorrows a of repeated again. people, and through a t succession of small rooms con pushed the work ahead under the most trv. He bad placed It where beauty and light shone around. taining crippled tenches. blackboards ruined Where and dewdrbps gleamed bright on the" lug circumstances of its history, Instead of. walls, and t other1 para pherhalia which in- ;:' ground; dicatcd tbatat some period of the Temple's ', ietung.it lay aside for sixteen yearg waiting But It faded and silsntly passed from the earth, k to ior tneir ideal jumping-jacspring from history, this part badf be$n used as ?a pri- While he was deep drinking of gladness and mirth; his consider him tho trap, T The sunshine and moonbeams all vainly had personification mary; school. shone, of all that is bad. The sect around Kirt While the light and the love of his presence were After ascending to the belfry by a flight 2 gone. land numbers but few, and are- - generally. of steps in tho last stages of delirium trem-- , S. L. City, 1377. tne other inhabitants, but aespisea oy view" of tho ens, and taking a bird's-ey- e whether deservedly or not I am unable to surrounding country we descended to the J. say; They oppose gathering.and are scatter- office, registered our names and departed. A VISIT TO KIRTLAND. eairom Dan to Beersheba, the headquarters come, others of the old buildings associa at where leader the now oeing ills., riano, ted with the early . history, of the Mormon . The name Kirtland Is so familiar to the" resides. According to their own accounts, Church, yet remain: among these are the Jar majority of your readers, that an ex the glory of v their evangelical achieve Kirtland bank, now occupied by a private tended preamble would bo out of ments is something startling, o'ertopping place. and J Gilbert and Whitney's old family, Lett be known, however, that the place imagiaauon--ii- ; imagination can o'ertop was OncA a Mormon store, still used; for original purposes and "the1 and ne stronghold; mormons useii. of Utah are i pein g home wearing a look as solemn and equivocal as people and beside; the in;1 ofp,000 converted "en a stepmother's Invitation to dinner. ; - . masse," acknowledge tho terest ithas for me from this cause. It is the'1 error of. their ways, and on the word of ' birthplace of my father. command from the Joseohite leader will ' -- ' Salt Lake Herald. . Whoever it, was; that set the laws round his of standard. My informant,rally defiance as to' me oupenntendent oi the Temple, after T Flats Is not known, but It nau expressed my d surprise at Flk)WERS. told thiners (?) a twentr- being that life of live to that personlfled who d In Salt Lake Citv had failed to twoyears white black.birds1 Into As every thread of gold is valuable, so is me was In his , turn astonished or' apprise Instead of: Cats It Is : aU, hills and ' dsdes to hear that I was a recent arrival from every moment of time. , but 'wlthalar Utah, but with an admirable quickness he: adorned profusely- Kind words do not cost much. They iHlDpIece ot regained his composure and told me these never blister thA tnnprm nr. II na onrl run , things were great . secrets. : The work In vatedifields,cwhlle a: clear stream have never heard of any - mental trouble i Utah, was .iarried on very privately,, no meanders pn. its sinuous widening r Mormon .having tho least suspicion of it.--: lueroirom. ndlng,.icurling, through r, , I was puzzled. My finite mind could not THE historv ;nf ihn tcnrlrl grasp this problem, and dreading the fate that the only eafo guide of a great intellect fit dPair it plunges I- determined to Invest!-gat- e Miller f Hugh is a puro.hcart; that evil no sooner takes mazes of the wood! TSy?ih? in,ricat0 no further. , That system of religion it of .to day is not that oTfortJ' i which can . possession of the heart then foil v common convert a man and keep It a 1 ccs tho conquest of tho mind. COUNT JDE CHABNEY. ago-mere- ly ; : , , T ; : ; , : . : , t heart-chor- . ' , . . . . un-sto- od ,.. -- p-j above-whenc- f f ; , -- : down-trodde- life-sto-ry ; , - ; moon-bea- ms . n" i . -- ? ' - Z14fp& open-mouthe- tht Intro-:-duce- tf8 fifmin : - ; ; .ffi'- aiug . -- " : : -- - - 