WOMAN'S EXP ONE NT. up f Sheridan was writing as lio entered, and presented this bill of some hundred over the papoundiheridan ran his eyeunable to pay per, and candidly said, I am this; I hayo not tho money; ."Pardon me Sir, " said the man of business respectfully, "but I perceive you have written a cheque for a higher sum than my bill," "That is true' a n s we red , She ridan," bu t t his is a debt of honor!" The tradesman instantly tore his bill into shreds, saying, how sir, mine is a debt of honor!" All readers .will remember Byron's inimitable "monody on thejdeath of this renowned man,concluding: "Nature made but one such a man, and broke the die in molding Sheridan." These cases will illustrate the dignity of honor, and men and women who are careful to observe it are of a far higher type than those who neglect it. Scripture also in its brief but ever impressive language, says, "Whoso sweareth to his neighbor and disappointeth him not, though it be to his own hindrance, 1 1 shall not fall." Everything that has truth in it belongs to thelSaints of Latter-dayWe can read the lives of the great. and: the noble, both men and women, and learn less. sons of importance-fro- them, even though some of them were pagans, their characters were so high and noble in tone that they stood as burning and shinihglights to the - world" for unknown to them they were led by the hand of their Maker, ."though unseen, and guided by His voice." - . CORRESPONDENCE. they last and when gono they all fast together, without murmuring, until some . more is provided. They frequently go one and two days without eating, and especially n in times ofscarcity of food "which I'is occurrence, they being of a disposition "to take no thought for the morrow,' and - neglect to plant in the1 season thereof. This nation is fast dwindling both from the effects of disease and away, barrenness probably not more than one Woman in ten becomes a mother. They appear t o be very fond of children, bu t, strange to say, mothers think nothing of giving their offspring away and adopting others in their stead; this has been custom, ary with them from time immemorial, and many of their old traditions cling tenaciously to them, notwithstanding their advances in civilization, and it is not proh--' ble, from present appearances, that even tho light of the Holy Gospel twill enable them to overcome many of them in this generation. We had an excellent Conference here on the 6th and 7th inst. President W. E. Pack, and. Elders J. Keeler and S. M. Mo-le-n were appointed to labor at this place, Laie; Elder J. S. Woodbury to travel on the islands of Kanai and Oahu; Elder II. P. Richards" on the" Islands of Mani, Molo-kand Lanai; Elder J. Gates, Jun., on the island of Hawaii; for, which places they, will take their departure in a few days. With kind, remembrances to all our friends, I am your sister, Jane E. Molen. ai R. S. REPORTS. Oct; 12, 1877. hot prepared to give you a sketch of the history of this little dot of land, and people, situated in the midst of the great Pacific Ocean, as you desired, fori have seen' but little o tho country and people, being confined to this small iuormon seiuement, .Laie, the gathering place for the Saints! here. Should an opportunity present itself for me to glean anything of interest on the subject, I will gladly communicate the same for the benefit of the many readers of our woman's paper. The Elders of this mission' reached here in time for our October Conference; ,to us it was a of dear friends, and I think none but those who have been deprived of those of our faith, engaged in the same cause that we are, arid alike strangers in a strange land, can better appreciate each re-unio- n other's society than we. Elders Lambert, Woolley and families were released a few days since to return to th'e dear ones at; home, and arenow on their wv hnmo f Salt Lake City.' They have performed a long and 'faithful mission here; their departure leaves me the only white woman at within twenty miles of this place: so you eee I do not indulge in that much to be detested propensity of gossiping and backbiting. I thought I should bo very lonesome, - but J seem to -- content myself much better - than I expected;- - My labors and cares seem to occupy my mind and drive away , all thought,. of my seclusion, and the Spirit of the Lord seems'td remind me thatl have a mission to perform among this people, and notwithstanding their many faults, the spirit of Charity seems to urge us .to bo 'lenient and . to continue our exertions in their behalf, that a remnant of tnem may be saved. This is a hospitable strangers and friends are alike madepeople, welcome to their store" of provisions as long as " -- . kind-hearte- d, TfTvery-commo- ; lAitij Oaiiu, Sandwich Islands, Editor Exponent: I regret' to say I am 103 Twelfth Ward, S. Editor Exponent: L. City, Nov. ' 13. thing, they should always let their parents know where and with whom they are associating. The subject of gathering was o touched upon by MHorne and several other things were alluded to. Sister ZIna D. Young said that the women have a work to perform which is already begun, and we must- bo up and doing, and be diligent and true helpmeets to our husbands and fathers. The organizations among the women In this church, were instituted by the Lord. There were people right here in our midst who would speak disrespectfully of Celes tial Marriage, but they had a darkness in - their minds which r must sometime be. cleared away; said many other good things. Miss E. R. Snow said she felt honored to have the privilege of associating with the saints. Before arising, she had'experlen. ced a great variety of feelings. The question arose In her: mind, "What were we here lor? And the answer "For tho promotion of the welfare of th'e young," speedily followed. She . though t ; there should have been at least one hundred and fifty Df tho . brethren here, and felt to blfss the one brother who had attended. Have the men no interest in the welfare ofthe young! It it had been a cattle show,, they would have turned out in full force. 8he. had knownas many as one hundred and fifty brethren to attend one of thw sisters meetings; she said Jherela a the fathers, but the, mothers,: Jn regard to the position of . the young. . She- toldr the young sisters it, was their privilege to com. muue with God; that they were born to be Saviors on Mt Zion. She said God was calling on the sisters In unison with the brethren, to' do what he liaabeiiing oq the saints to perform for years, and , they want the .assistance 161 'the; young sisters. When called before Ihe' Holy Tribunal, she added, will we think ofJhe pleasure Yf e enjoyed In this world,' or will we consider the good we have or might "have done? She said a record is kept by some one be. ' sides your secretary here; no matter how accurately shewrites your minutes, it Is all put down In another book." Young sisters, take care of your health, of your , bodies, but do not spendlall for;tiiese, spare some time in feeding your souls. And now, no matter how good you are, begin from y and live , for; God. This organization of young ladies was revealed by the Lorp Sister Whitney lung a song bLZion. Jilrs. K Wells said she thought there were some women in the Gentile world who were trying to reform society but they had not the advantages with which we were blessed, however more will be- required Qf us; because we have had onnortnnffr hif other have not Wo had a more systematic organization, on' a more permanent found-natioal-js- - . ; . . : to-realiz- - e , ' ; Synopsisof the minutes of the meeting of the Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association. .The meeting was called to order by the President Romania B. Pratt; singing by the choir, reading of .. tion "v . minutes, etc. There were several members of other wards present among whom were Sisters E. A. Whitney, M. I. Home, E. II. Snow, Z. D.Young and many other prominent sisters of the Relief Society, and Elder Mi. lando Pratt. Remarks were first made by President Romania B. Pratt. She was happy to have the- - privilege of attending and meeting with those assembled, she hoped the young ladies would combine to make the meeting? interesting and for one she would do her best. Mrs. Home spoke of the advantages to be gained from these ; , to-da- . to-d- ay - jtsswia vice to her hearers. .She dwelt most es. pecially on the Subject of the youth of our Church.that parents, "should be careful In the training of their children, to bring them up in the "paths of truth and virtue, and I they should take pains to win the confidence of their offspring, thereby gaining a great 'reward; . more rests with the mother than she generally realizes, and it Is her duty to watch her own chiidren,from their earliest infancy, to .thetime wheu they shall know and do for themselveJ. And In return for all the kindness and care bestowed upon them, shall the girls and boys give nothing? They are In a position to do a great work, and tho young ladies do 'not realize to - the fullest extent, the privileges they have, in meeting r together and talking to each other, nor do they ap." predate it as they should. Young ladies should choose their company and In so doing be careful In their selections; another j i ; : - n. j; Elder Milando Pratt made some very good remarks. - He said ho had been much interested In the proceedings this afternoon. and. was pleased with the privilege of hear, zing the sisters speak.' He related some of his experience while on a mission. - : Mrs. Pratt arose and said she had felt God'S' SDirit: burning In Kpr KrtoA thought wo all had. Said it had been . moved and seconded that the name of the bo society changed, to Y. L.M. L A. The vote was unanimous. It was also moved -- eeconaea ana carried that Misses Josephine Young and Elizabeth Kingsbury be accepted as fifth and sixth connselors to the presl-deof this society; . ; j Meeting adjournod,and closed with umil exercises. : " Mamie' Young, Secretary, - nt i 