WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- 50 Clifton;; Oneida Editor Exponent: Co.l Aug. -- ? intend to work with the hbpe-in- ! view that God will help those who help themselves.' Our President has a lino son born ori the1;' 22nd ot July.- - Iother jirid son re doing " welkfousefcr -- pretty much but when tired and perplexed, to spend a few moI find it a ments in reading theixEDNENfelThe ex-- . celient advice and hints to mothers should not Escape the notice oHu mother inZlon, for who is "iherVamon g vius " that does . not i need; learn much in relation to tho rear-in- g great-comfor- pf ; . tyitlVbost wishes I ,1V , Fi, , i. iL. 'Hyuum,'Cache . " jfaithfui ciety of thisward, held their ninth meeting at 10 a. in. in the Public Hall, whlcKwas very tastefully decorated by tho young ladies. Thero were' present Ewers (? . Father . s The people - here are enjoy! for of health and general prosperity,' twhich wfe feel thankful to God the Giver of; aliTgood. gifts; '1 house, 5G feet by .134, 1G feet in the height of ceiling; it is finished sufiiciently so wo can meet in it. Our.BishopJohn Jardino, and the brethren ha vo been diligent in their ' n1Vnvta in hnflrl if" nnrl "fho ftifttnrs of- thfi RiPn a noble towards; have. done lief . Society part ... V- '' ..... ... m. ' At:': l'J It, selling tneir ouuer anu eggs xo pay iu en casn pleasedwlthlheir clou seen fa better spirit :manif6sted inca meeting J year.'; lrThes6' actual facts: 'explddo tho idea that tho Yomen.of Utah are the n beings theorld 'suppose: thei-- i to be. AsuniptdouVriinrie p. m.i to wHlch::a;Xree;invi tended t? all the widows' and ' poor or Our; town. One hundred land fifty persons sat' i: dowli to dinner.';1 iU J !J'J ' down-trod;-de- EDlojBIEa02?ET;r'; I feel vii l will kI:':.-- ai)leasuro 'to have Calls ?ort have a.name In tho Relief Society. I fdel f ; 1 .. ' vyuimycugwu tislDgfbr the Jubilee; which is tofbe held expense8.v la visit."' I2: -- to see; from improvement yi?ar to1 iM-rrU- e. Sunday School, the children are now prac- tbariho;haoIt:waaJth:t HovviLtE. July .17; 1877s. partm-in- e - - . One of the brethren Jn,his remarks said.he had during tho past nino years been acquainted with the labors' of the society was'1 flf -- - I j 1 -- I -"-- rr I. ' ' Ma by yiluuo;-L- Griffin, President j Jane Godfrey, Secretary. ...... ... .... .... . I Editor Exponent: v, ; . ; .. . . ; - I. .... The Young Ladies' AociationVf epiii!'4 are striving to do what is requifed'of us,4 that we may recelvethe ha3 promised to bestow upon thosq' Who love Him and keep His'commandmcrits." utieu yt pu sue i is : capauie m K"yu .uiHiugues, ana- - nei tnunivria real comedy,. itiX-:;fh , iliri Zt , t . l Teach tiTn& qiiiLDiEN--Teac- them. h mnnn in ,niir"ii; v. no VW AVU1.. quite as frequently as in yelyet. n.it ni : muu j iauvif i ii -- ... ( w . -f ? we meet together every Friday; Vv e edit ' a Weekly Journal' that i entirely sustained by the young ladies; Our meetings Wrio't i as well attpnded as we would like them but all who do attend enjoy themselves' and take pleasure In speakirig'arid VvritiuV0 upon tho principles of oiir holy rellglbrifbr j Wo taow that; if wo bley them hey, will Eattier's kingdoin.; eXaf tu? iWo held our second annual ineetingVri tho r 28th of Juno in the Social Hall,' which" was; to-b- e, "decorated for Secretary. 5 - i Hoyt, known I think that iueorge jiiiot, though she has never written a play for the stage, has yet ;ha!d a hand in ;more than one. Her husband, Mr.?G. II. ;Lewes, the philosopher, i3 tho ' Mr. !Savile sKowo who has ; a piece at tho Prince of w e.siMPir hpw, and heas more than-onco announced a literarv mrtnfiMhfn.. His t -: S. A. It is not generally L . YOurs In the XJospei, : .' MISCELLANEOUS. 1 . - Hoping that Qbd .Will bless all11.,who are domain. Your sisters In the Gospel, L M. E. Picton, President, -- month to hold' their meetings; they speak words of comfort' and encouragement to each other, and try' to accomplish all tho good possible, and take care of tho poor and ' sick, and holp in every ood work. - We number-aboutthir- ty in our society lat J ; .,o' iuov y. present. !. 4 Praying tho Lord to bless each arid every I' one of us, that wo may gain an exaltation In the Celestial kingdom, 'we remain v) .estedrupdifc -- bless-!-ing- -- -- - r - : e ei 'ieckmxvu: rti ? , ng-th- for amount has been used for imiiopLgty-ieSociety has oue hundreil and sixtyjbushcls 1 of wheat ln the granary also has shares in the'Cd-opitorand; cash1 out on interest.1 After reading, the report the' following offi-- 1 cers werd reelected: Christina Liljenqutst, PresidentyChristina Johnson and Ruth Mc- -' Bridb Counselors,' Nancy MA Neilson, Secretary, R. Allen Assistant f Secretary;'- - and KeziahT Allen; i Treasurer? Tho ' meeting was one of 'great interest? Uhe remarks of the Jarethron and feist ersj were replete withr-goo- d and: wise counsel; 'The spirit 'of God ' 4 Clakkston, Caciie Co; Aug. 8,:1877.,V Editor, Exponent: ,. ' s rgrowth : J Benson, and "H. tJ.V rohnsbnt;:: President Christina 'Xiiljenquist4 called the. meeting to oraer' anu auer ino .usual sery-i-' M. opening read Keilsbn ces'fho Secretary; Nancy the 'financial Report which snowed that $253,25 had been donated during the year.-Elevquilts and a Innmber of other articles had .been made by tho society "This ? V , HAIIIIIET HtTNTSUCKEli. ; 5 Our Society was organized, by President lHarrietr Snow1 and btherj ;ffom righam; a twice month"; We hold Cityt ourmeetings we feel our ; sisters have done well in the hundred past year.. Wo have stored five expect ;to and five bushels of wheat, and' ' : lay up Still more. ' Your : sister in the covenant, ; ;; . improve our miqds. On the9th' of July a special meeting? wa3 President John called for our Association W. Young, Elder George vQ. Cannon and several of the local brethren were present. k They spoko , upqn Piural; Carriage and Uiu ui. .11 touuui auu auvpu 149 w ,.IU0 neat and clean, and learn, to be good house-- i f keeDers. and to cultivato a cheerful and ' amiable disposition;1 ' They spoke of the : bad habits that some of tho;oung men indulge in drinking liquors, fIng tobacco, vain. and taking the They wished ug to use rourinfluence with ; the young men, to try and Induce them to abaudon their evil habits arid;IIVe better lives. President John tV You ngTcalled upon us to vote that we i wiCriot. counten-anc- o the attentions of those who make it a f practise to get drunk and indulge in evil r practices. We voted that we will do an in our power for the good of the yOung men, and use ouru tinost influence, arid with the will , remain r iirm in ' our Ihelp of God-w. covenant. practical They gave us much ' we carry it Advice, andwo realize thatlf our in our daily! lives wo Wlll . be greatly benefitted. Wp feel to thank', theni for meeting with us, and i we hope it will not be the last time than tney win iavor us who " , ' ;: -: A1 X W us 4r- - . : ca.siom; and the ,! . - -. C, Shaw; ' -- n ! . JJUDL.KV. . i a'it -- . . , i careful and economical,' and dres in ablo and becoming mahne as saints 'ond who delight to serve Gbd and keep: : His commandments.- - r I; Sisters;1 let us quit following aftei foolisli and disgraceful fashions and try to do the twill of our Father in Heaven, and see thiit ,wo hayo pilj n our lamps, and; be prepared Ttoreceive r titer blessings in store: for 4he Co., Aug! 9, 1877. a c. , Editor; Exponent: On Tuesday, the ,7 tU Ins t the Beiief J3oariniyer--sar- y JamesrisworthV-Charle- Irollbn tho kingdom" 6rOod. JWe subjects,. They said we werejimproving, and;that our paper was a credit to us. They spoke very encouragingly, and exhorted U3 to continue to improve, that we might be ' prepared for the responsibilities that" will be placed upon us if wo aro IUfaithful H In dis- in uio 3v;miigiu cnargingour-uuue-s. ladies social a party, which was gave young All satisfactorily managed by them. I The pro-- " seemed toiienjoy thOmselyes to buy to bo are used ceeds from the party books to enlarge our library, for we aro anx-ioto procure good books that. ve may - -mlnnd'doTnanythings that ' swiUelp can bo 1 remain a sister., i7 1 to bo one to help to do all in my power to assist in doing good; I hope we will Improve upou the talents.which the Lord lias" got into givcif to usf if Ware rnot called tocan save' theworld to preact'the Oospei; we 4th, 1877,, ( Our Society is in a" flourishing coridiUon; The grain question was agajn brought be. fore the sisters in our last meetini? and" therowas a unanimqus yptprl carried, that.,,, weexert'onrselfes toho' utmost ability' In obtaining grain tot' !ay UP Tho hoppers ; have damaged the crops verybadly but wo the brethren spoke on various interesting this is a great tvork in which we aro engaged, and also that it is a great privilege ' Hi S. BEPOItT. thef occasion.1 we' were. vored by a visit from Bishop Grovor and' several other brethen, also from some othV. members of tho' Belief Society ; Vfter'thbJ usual exercises had beerigbne'through, bur ' Journal was read by' the editor; after which ; ! Teach them that a common school educaman n. sense, iauu, wuu cuuimon . .. ' is. far setter . l ' u, ' cuuuuwou WlinOUt It. ' wuto that one good honest trade, j'.v Teach. them . n.vvrj i t in li ii I'll lu liviirn' n ... - fr'i professions... an'dl? Htliem, v v . - ' , . i r-- - . . . . . . t - Is no disgrace.7 J. ' , sex. and that wimn vWell a? i . ; - v.' ; . ' - .j, ' ' . - hKi a m.eaut,it;toriithemi as;; PentiHe ,rr their sitprs. i... ;i Teach them, that i.v . imiMirr.f ofr a uwa in fxne worss jorms 01 su' ajjc sipation they aro . unfitting;,themselves to--; v become the husbands" of pure girls. Ir-- w ; .. 