WO MAN ' teresled in "what had been saidj and i felt encouraged in what had already "been done, which' ws proof that all we needed was for the people to take hold of this enterprise to make it a success; to plant out trees and raise the cocoons; and they could bo worked right here, and thus be giving employment to a greatfilafly pTeAir be removed he would" advertise in the papers. He wished those'who wanted eggs toilet him know as soon as possible. Y Mr.:p!.!Xj gchettler;' anijt Yri A. C. Pyper were aprxiipted a comniitfeq to fee tb the of thejpamphle Motioned that we change our meetings from Wednesday until the first Friday in the month. Meeting adjourned until the firat Friday in . vv April at 3 p. m. ; . R. SrarsoN, Bec'y. t. 157 gard to storing up grain." Our Bishop, . James McKnight, gave us the privilege Of using part of the Tithing-houswhere we have hada bin" made, and commenced storing up grain against a time of need. On the 14 of January the sitters met and had a sewing bee andjric- nic. The supper was tastefully arranged and the bounties of nature supplied in abundance. We held our annual 'meeting and transacted business on Feb. 22; the books showed our society to be in a prosperous condition. Obi; Bishop attended the meeting, and gave us much valuable instruction pertaining to eur : duties. r; Y. ;rrs;-- ;r 7 y looking at their own interest If they young sisters this society is calle' the Voung Ladies' rRetreniOimentr Socie" db we fullytmderstand the meaning of tho word Retrenchment, I think we do, but wo do not know altogether what to retrench ' from; some people think it is from dress, they; are right,' that is one theme, a small one, but ono of interest We are told It is frbni bur ignorance and all evil 7 waysbiit somd people havo gbtthe ideaTthat It is dress and dress alone, and ybu will often did.-Now:m- 5 ! on , .P. 1 Pres't. A.vZEBRiSKiBj S. Roberts, Sec'y. , hear , A PARAGRAPH FROM: THE HIS- TORY OF JOSEPH ' SMITH. . SistersJ ; ; i 'tk'IIovhmtiy. fcarah J n and tal- -' Cole, is treasurer and our ented poetess; Liiss JJliza R. $nowf 'secretary. ' There was avcry numerous attendance at tne organization, of some of ovk mostj intelilgeut humane, philanthropic and respectable ladies; and we are well assured from acknowledge of those pure principles of benevolence thai flow well-know- from thefr humane ajojpmlan- thropic bosoms, that with the resources they will have at command they will ;fly to the re- srjnjeously lief of the strangerj they wilVpourin oil and wine to the wounded heart of the distressed; they will dry up the tears of the orphan, and make the widow's heart to rejoice. Ou r ladies have always been signalized fori their acts , of henfivnlenna and klndnfa: - hnt 4hA niftl usage they have received from the barbarians of Missouri has hitherto prevented their extending the hand of charity In a conspicuous manner; yet in the midst qf their persecutions, when the bread has been torn from their helpless offspring by their cruel oppressors,- they have always been ready to open their doors to the weary traveler, to divide their scanty pittance with the hnngry, and from their robbed and impoverished wardrobes, ..to divide with the more needy and destitute; and now that they arc hiving in a mom genial soil,, and 4 5 17-- ' By Tequest of, our Pmldeni, olly Ann I add resa you to inform you that we le, 4 " are still trying;io honor our a branch ' ' caljlng'as of the Reiief aVd to do - ' our pow- neeJy;We are : one with, burr' " Raters Ja Utah to fqUow out the counsel of bur honored Resident gham , Young, with re . noble-minde- 1 d, ; ; - ' ' .. Mantl, Feb. 19, 1877. ; v r M. T. , . 1 ITEMS ABOUT STORING GRAIN. March 3, 1877; Editor Exponent: ... t In accordance with your wishes I write to inform you that the Relief Society of this place have responded ;to;the caUinro lation to storing grain. A good spirit prevails jamong the sisters, and all feel willing to carryout the counsel of President Young, , in regard to that subject; Our ; Bishop has kindly offered us a plae; in , the Tithing Oi&cjB, carefully .Btore iawayiourgrain, which wo have gladly accepted; The sis? . ters have liberally given according to their circumstances; ;and .we .have M: present, nearly one hundred bushels, of ; Whea on ;! hand, The brethren , hero : have ,a good United Order farm j and : the :BCshon has promised to givp the Relief Bocletyan in C terest in it;, so wo hop.that t;the help :ot , our brethren, we.wiU.be able ito; add more; to our stock . from year, to year.; Oar be; loved President, A. iWWle is ear. nest In exhorting the sistqrs ta becorne unit-- ,i od, and to live their rreilglon ia thei truest i sonso and: spirit Yourr excellent paperiU read Mth great interest; and the Jbest wish es are expressed - for . the advancement of every good work for; wej know that ;ihoso who , keep the commandments of God : will . receive His; blessings, and : thoso who do not will have His judgments upon them. ;. May God bless you and all who. are striv- - Y ing to do right, is the prayer of your sister n , ; ; i , : ? - L. 1 , to. ; ; 1 : , : Jnthej3ospeLiii.jil- - iJvJ-t- 4 her. . . :; ; r' ; ? . - -- A Society, i , "MmERSVlLLEREAVKS, Co., to assist the t -- 1 allin ; 1 fa- Ze-brisk- i -- der thatjirWafred; ; They'are strictly parlia- ii . . mentary in their proecedings7 01 ir iditoii Exponent; the earth -- . Y. Gt Not many, I'm afraid.1 Should wo know this?certainryrwe' shbnld; 'jHroild'.ybUi' be-- , lievetanv thing wjtribiit1 knowing for your-- ; self whether It ; weret true ;dr not? Opa might say why;'. do ybu hive id know it; let me ask you .Syhat.is the iiso , of believing in God wlibcrted'aUthinan'd what is tho use of asking hlni' fbr his blcssings if we do not belie yo In him. fiat I take it for a God, that granted that' we ai!lieYdp: 1 none of us iare skeptical; and' believing in God, we are willing: to obey him to the best of our knowledge; even jf that knowledge be limited. Then my sisters it behooves us to seek acknowledge for , ourselves concern-- i ng God's wHl so ihatlwe' can perform it to his satisfaction; how are we going: to know his will otherwise;' he has said,' "If any man IackJwisdoni let him; ask" of God Who giveth tb all incri liberally and upbraldeth ' not." lie has also said Ask and it shall be given.' unto you, seek and yo shall .find." His word I3' unchangeable. ' Let us ask him1 to show us things that ' we are greatly In need of today for did we all know for our- - ' selves that Mormonism,as it is termed, was true, wo would, I arn certalb do more for its progression than we have done : hereto'' fore.. " : Wo are called Daughters of ZIon, aro wo 1 worthy . tho name?, I think we have done but little td bo 'worthy so honorable a title.-- I for one feel ashamed to think that I have wasted the best of my days In idleness, J but now4 feel to', thank God that I ' have awakened to a sense of ray duty. God never placed any, of ;us On the earth to grovel ; along from dayb' day'and nevef risb above the level, ahd.'sonib hardly ever get that far, all through their own carelessnoss. It is our privilege to become wis and honorable women, and. wo will, be, provided wo set our mark high,' and work with a will to attain It. Some might, lairgh at the idea, ' enough thinking that we have great men without having great women, ' but this is not so, for who with any. principle about them whatever, will despise a good." principled woman, and theso x things constitute greatnes3;shor will " be a who may chance to get blessing to any man ' ' ' : " cilities that they have not heretofore enjoyed, we feel convinced that with: their concentrated efforts, the condition of the suffering poor, of the stranger and the fatherless will fee ameliorated. We had the privilege of being present, at their organization and - were much pleased with their modus operandi' and the good or- 1 that, only true gospel on ;thb; .fac0; , ; , among a less barbarous' people, ;and possess stpdyihrpur a4 " the good we can and all, in our power for the advancement blithe kingdom, of God and for oiir own imprbyementj 4 7 1, , .,. resoiutlons .These.are my and X feel that ; the other: sisters feel tho same, and that we. ' may continue to meet together and gain knowIedgorYwisdom, -- and understanding aud work; with a will, so that in tho end we will be worthy to be called; the Daughters or. zion is my prayer. .S?l J'r :; I; ; knowledge Jbr our the .everlasting gospel ancl of peeking reUgl, selves this is 'Mre. iHizartnlinind are her counselors Miss El vi ra ' feelinjgharmmeil thing, And that Vlncefbrin of 7 gressCbt'jftiis glorious; us realize Ee "iHjHance of , t thisiHb wewIthAus? hb'w , titutej the widow apd the brjianvatidfbr-theexercise Of all beflvblfent puTpsefti1 Mr& JSni-- 1 ma Smith has ' taken the presidential ' chair; o , A'-fak- JKhosejo.eysiji of noTgood goodlife. !DieTearo;8pmW:.lewXia:QU!' who are a little extravagant in. dress, are they . members of. the Bocfety! i( they are Y y you very seldom find tiSffai jatf meeting, Is Y have tending meetipgl latel havlu likedcircumsiance prevented trie; eVet'with but my thoughts arc tois sIdr; God tb bless us in my. secret praters to inspire us,wHn, a: sehse.'bf "our religionT1 that ve.may Interest ourselves in the pro-- ' . Nauvoo, Iix., Thursday, March 24, 1&42, -I attended, by request, the Relief Foclety Mrs. M. Cleveland I have not been as puuetuat in at-- 1 Mendon, Cached Co., Utah." : ! rela THE YOUNG LADIES SOCIETY. TO it said that the sbcietis t for the Igirls dress worse how, thVn5 they v er did; but this is not so for itiere nbgfrl. who attends' theso fmeetinM but both as tirfes;tb her 'ltter, fegards dress an all things that pertain to living a' ; '-' t. We as girls do not wish to get ahead of the boys, not at all, we only wish to be able to help them that's all, do you think they will dislike us for this? they would , not be e, : pub-licati- EXPON S ? . 11.' 