exponent:- - WO M&'JX! s 40 :'f u - ; - ity of the sisters are striving to do the be3t they can, and without doubt,- ; wo have i' among us the best people on the face of the earth; but -- Stillt sometlnjesrplilnktwe ' could improve very greatly n some rogpeefs. We should be charitable toward each other, if we find one weak in faith, try to For the Exposzst. a word young people the - .to , of 2ion. --- - ' : Saints, as sons and of wo do God, daughters realize, and feel thankful for the blessin gs wo sufficiently enjoy? Do we fully understand why wo were placed hero upon this earth ? Was It to spend our time Ja idleness, or in a light Was it to employ i; tid frivolous manner? rsel ves in quarrelingiiei?vvith another, hi slandering our neighbors, and In disobeying' the commands of God by violating ; the Sabbath and profaning His Holy Name? No! Heaven forbid that wo should waste our valuable time in such a manner. We were sent here to improve ourselves, toCi store our minds with useful knowledge, that we 'may become refined and educated 1 And yet do we not often, , men and: Women. very often Bpeak In a sneering Way about our neighborssay things about them that Do we as Latter-da- y in Israel Charlotte ' in finding recognition without. Those bene; ficial to society are people who help p ersons to attain 7 that measure of being of which" they are capable. ' v V ' Mary N? Adams.-1- 1 us give j to women such . training, Let ; J Inn " ? , A'--t , 1 . . , t Invites her patrons the Ladies of Salt Lake and vici nity, to call and Inspect her New Stock of Fall and Winter Goods, having the Largest assdrtmeni In alf branches of i MCUne'ry of any Ihonse In town. 'rati Ladies favoring her with a call, will find the latest Parisian Monies and most Modern Fashions of America in " her Emporium tDo riot forget ,r . ' r f JTt Bast Templo street. r TE!M PLE ' O F F A 8 H'lW ' Ldrtles dttendihzCohfereuco will do well to give her cill. . Of the Very Best manufacture, and warranted OF ONE, TWO OR ac- . ' , i '. ' t INSTALMENTS . :: : can bo made raj meats Prices low and no , 1 CALDER & CARELESS: OMAN'S IF O O LBN i (? 0 TWEEDS, JEANS, ' WATERPROOFS, ; V . QOMMISSION gOUSE 13 jtcw rmiftsnED witoXyahiext 'or, lfj I on FltANNKLSLlNSEYS. .. . ULANKETS, SHAWLS, t LADIES' JACKETS, ' k , ,' : GROCERIES, Shelf hardware, Glass and q ueensware, - r '.ARIQi?LTJI8kLW ' i vi ) THB-- , . - - ft A. FATOltms , . , , i . '. j AKD: ' i TOPlXAIt the regulation of ;tt)W tlllCES IJf rAMILT , " i I .'If HOUSE JCOIl THE LADIES, axd .aroTED. ro'ii - iDOE-iKIN- S, . GOODS, NOTIONS, iriKii vy i AND- . , 1 . " i; monthly,,, quarterly or six , Send' to Interest charg-ed.monthly. x ,'L us for catalogue and further Information. : Wteteaate and Retail Dealing . In all kinds of ; ; l Iij.Jr THREE YEARS.. them to build upon. As mothers in Israel, we should , also Ue minaiul Oi out uuues tu uut wiimmsuiuaj to watgh over and, care for the poor and aged; let us render all possible assistance wherever U Is needed.' Comfort those who are called to i mourn, and; bo always ready to lend a helping hand to the, weak. We need not go far from home to eeeV for op." tr tin" fond ' r know thVinfdor. ritnifc . E PIANOS & ORGANS, frm nn frr ttn JJUUUUIHIUH " The Ladies of Utah" are invited to visit our New Art . v Gallery, the finest Jn the West i . ; We will show them specimens of our first premium portrait and Landscape Photographs in al 1 branches including enlargements from small pictures, any size or style, ,, the coloring in water colors, Ink or oil, Isby G. M. Ottin-gerwhich 13 a sufficient guarantee of excellence. Our . aro pu t at uvuig raics. s prices We spare nor pains to produce satisfactory work, and a i ;r, are determined to ex eel in all we do. A full assortment of Day and Sunday School I'riiei kept in stocki Frames, 7hromc and Pictures of all kinds ." n oq "hancV inv ; Send ydu orders tp , C. R. SAVAGE, 1 j jrut ' Salt Lake. City, Utah. s i ' : tVVinn U-W - na J tl Vr Irtf ;;. . v - - TIJE FINE AllTS. . , physically, industrially,, ihteUecMallyJahd spiritually, that we shall shame "the words "superfluous' out qf th vocabulary as:4o-- : seriptive" of women. jind7thi3 will .help men, and elevate- thein quite as iiiuch' as any special work which might bedonVter ' ' ' them. . .,. "': Mary A. Livermore. , . - ?-- ' : !' . - . re-missi- sA -. OyrPricesWillbe aslow asthe lowest Wholesale Buyers will find the Best Assortment and Bottom Prices at the old Fashioned House.- - " our children, to watch over and; teach. Mothers never think your boys and girls too old to be taught and instructed; , we can teach them a great deal by example; never say or do in. the presence of your children what yoa wpuld, not like to see in them. Teach them the principles of the Gospel ty example as well as precept; let them un. derstand when they "are eight years old that it is their duty to bo .baptized for the of their sins, and become .mem-brf- s in the Church of Jesus Christ: Teach ih em to bo strictly honest and truthful. Teach'iTour children the law of tithing, and let them sco you observe it In every particular yourself; Sisters of the Relief Society , rtheso arerf small: things, but they are of great importance. 7 Bo we not all wi3h our children to bo faved in the Kingdom of I A ' JtJW i -- ; In a family capacity, we have f Q0QDS, 7 . the position of true' mothers Y j . MiM'nery Goods, Shapes, Mowers, Ornaments, Etc. , Mews ana jsoys' uioining, Jiais any, japs, Moots Ladies Cloak and Fursi Notions, and ' n v i Shoes, -- -' Pipes, Cutlery, Etc , : V .75," Maxwell. in Israel: we will have a great deal to Staple and Fanoy ' We are doing a great work, if some few. thoughtless unreflecting women are awakened , to definite views and higher ambitions and braver efforts. ) "7" tchell. Mi Maria c 7 Profc Every opportunity for new Insight into truth must be valued, for what is genius but the awakened soul ? the universal with, WOMAN'S VOICE. complish. lift - - in AVholQsale and Retail Dealers . MISCELLANEOUS.,, for fire years, on wo attain ; : Spring Valley, Nevada, July 13, 1877. If - f JAnTIIAWlLLIAMS ir TI, . worldly honors, the approbation of God our 7 F. AUERBACn & BRO. 56 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. - rleasnre and wish it success. is.of .moro worth than the. greatest of M. Address, David James, Box 306, Salt Lake City. 7 - l-.i.- - fellow-creature- .j CSFrderslrrom the country pforaptly responped to."S I think every mother should have the i t with Exponent in her house. -- I read S7" . r - Pnmps Repaired on sliort notice. ; L j i rather. . AGENT FOK ' RUMSEY'S CELEBRATED LIFT AND FORCE PUMPS. fault-findin- g, are liable to injure them in the estimation of. others? ! Bo we not sometimes violate the Sabbath? Often Jn what we consider very trifling matters, nevertheless, it is a tin, little as. we think it, : Have we not all heard the name of the Lor(Lpr picablo a person is who takes the name of God in vain? How canve thinthat He ; V strengthetrtbat tions that we aro willing to? help them and light along. Let us cease and speaking everything that has the ap- pearance of evil. Let our light so shine that all may see we are of a truth mothers vGne,andhow-oy-ourjac-- i will bless us, how. can ; we expect him - to give us what wo ask for when we are every day, yes, every hour, breaking his com-- T mandmehts? For does not the good Book say, "The prayer of the wicked availeth nothing?" Therefore, let us seek to, im-- , prove and cultivate ourselves, and try to do s, right in all our transactions with our obey our parents and teachers, and by bo doing we will gain the love and respect of all who know us, and also, what (Successor to Mitchell & Jawes,) GROCERIES. DRESS iGOODS,iRO VISIONS, Etc iI STOCKINGS, YARNS, ,;:';Vi OLOVESh WRISfLETJ. EOCKS, 1 s LATKSTKTyLESOP - - FANCY VORaTED TIES, A ,v;Jj; Men's Knitted tlndershlrts, Da ma sic Bed Spreads, Raff Carptt.' Kelt and H raw UatTancy ' Articles. Shoes, BatcheK Cotton Yarn, Brushes, Brooms, Butter, Cheese, I rTfirs, Flour, Canned Fruits, Tomato Catsup, Cider-Vini 1 Candles, Table Bait, Tmy Trunks, far. Stands, Laundry Bluelnr, SoaM, lnki. 8ho: Urit m ? Concentrated Lye, Siljer PUtlnsr, Pottery. Warev- In, . c iM Clothea 11ns, Neatsfoot OB, Glue, & It, Matthews Co't Bssence bJa'malea Q ingtr 't Iron Brackets ) made from native brV'l offan'aJony, Toy Table and Spool Poor Mats, - ' Btands, Sole' - Leather and other Trunks,- - Gents Fine ; T-. and Woolen Orershlrtsf Fine , " ShirtsTable ' Salt. Band Boxes and ' , ' . i . t M- Ai.i tVi) l ; Dixie Cotton. e- Tlfly-Bureau- s; T 1 " - . HOME-MAD- ' E KEt7; WOOLEN-BATTIN- G-, Zealand Fr.Ax1 f t : Seep. ' 'i "l Uf ir Inn rrn V1 c& ( A TV . V n i re? -- i y i mi soma &u 1 'r v,, caip til w we V rtT4-i- r r 