JTOMSiJ X P ONE NT. 1C2 l3MiTWiELb,:.QABC6.V4.ii!. Editou Exponent: LWe theBelief Society wish we what know are to to let you heir doing are We a Zion. ncat'lit. build up building tie adoble house -- to holdour meetings in. We got the, walls u p ancj the roof on last Mll$n$tgQ r going j tqc hayp itf finished ;as -- ld paring for that time which has been predicted by ancient and modern prophets; when famine shall come upon the earth, and hundreds of the inhabitants shall come to Zion to buy bread of tho (now but not then). deSaints, i spised Latter-daWe also wish to aid in helping to publish tho Woman's Baok. ; The Exponent is an ever welcome and most desirable visitor. With much esteem arid kind wishes for your rpbsperitahd ucceliivyouflaudablo endeavors to .do good, I am : Yours respectfully, y 1 sooaa'sj boys hauled !jtamajerial9, J&iti jthe 1 society liad two'dancpsand'p liEBECCA SXA NDRING, ; Secretary. pleased'they' pft ihe.wor; aii4 rwe havo paid the rest ulltsi the Belief apd 'e-- . (tenchmeqi wieties. Tho vBetrenchinent made-.by- Payson, March 5th, The sister of Pajrson feel that they have had a rich treat of late. Sunday, Feb. 4, Association haJorie considerable. Our Society lare doin' what theyj can in ho Grain Movement; "we have gathered Kup. sonic-jt'hing,Qyer qrje hundred, bushels, of wheat, commence sooner, Kexti' year we iriiend . . Bishop W. G. Young gave us two discourses; he visited the Relief Sociesoul-stir-xin- ) ? winter.;!, , harvest 'time.1 r this 'Uid, will exert 'ourselves in rfl.5K frit?!-- iz 't'? "T Jearly ' ".' , ortoX'Lifa wlii': and her Founders." Feb. 11, Bishop "gaveiiTr-pienait- March Iliyiib Ai!iW....eber Co.;.'.v'1"....",. , Ed'itob Exponent: ; t - president Sister Martha Ar' BinghaWdesircd, m&l to .wjlte to you. J trristl iniy ;bo guided i n' what J:;may; say by.the spirit of the Lord. Our society is in a more prosperous condition th.an4 it has been; the sisters seem to be more interested in the things Of tho kingdom. Our Society is small in comparison to many others, our numbers are about forty in all. the sisters as to bo ono wi th other a general thing-fee-l Relief Societiesin saving and storing grain. We are not as well qfTfinancially as some of our sisters, ;but we havo a bin prepared and 8om6fti w, bush el3 of wheat in it which we intend adding unto asjong as the Lord prospers us with means and plentiful harvests. Your excellent paper is always welcome wlthHis,' it Is a fsource of, pleasure" and com. fortVwb have if read in dur meetrngs as the fetilrit dlrects.1;- - May the Iiord bless evdry honest5 mother and sister in Israel; who are ivta to do: His will rahd-ee- p HTafo Is the "prayer of In4 -- ocfeas-ional- your sisterai the Gospel." i - . ..r.r iy ; fili'Al "CriiLDSec'y. K March 1st, 1 877. , behind' the;isisfers of other settlriients in trngto caTtot tho cpunrplTredent we Sife late ung'lh sttJtlng inthongh itf reporting;; A' cpmrnltteo ras chbseri Ub Visit the sisters and obtain; means iffthat aycTanbthcr 'jttiaFthfcy inrjtheir : Svis1-tlo- m uVe arV pleased though . tbre-rtftbjyouj- ih from a party," and other means, welidvo on hand inoro than, one hundred busheli of wheat andlth4ho bspect dfjndrei'VNot haying abin'bf'pm own,1 Bishop !Evans tore kindly profreted:us ;6no' at the" Co-op- 's t6'pnt:jf in and to insure us from all losses he gave MF'wHttenpr'der for the amount, 'ubject;t6oucaUat If 'isibleVto" build . counsel and:iatherly adce inspir-ing-conversatio- n. " . We haii each number of the Exponent with delightj?knbwin that much valuable instruction is' contained therein; we regret that it has not vl wider circulation An this place. Tho sisters all join with me irijovc. M. A. Hardy. . . Co., March 10, 1877. ' In reply to your kind request to hear from our Relief Society we herewith send you a statement of our financial condition, , March 15, 1877. . 'Amt received and made, . . ....... " disbursed...........,1. 4 - We:rejoicoltd lmb counted ua .worthy to bo .T co-work- ers Lord has in pro- - hand......l.-i.i.......v.- Our society G .$ s 0 85 1G 70 44; 15 was organized Sept. 1874, with the folio wing: officers, Jane Ef ' "Leniptf, President; Christine ::Larseri arid ' Jiilia ; Wlstefahulme Couris'elors; 'Jane Keeler, Secretary; Jane E.1 Lemon, Treasurer; and twenty members. We meei twice a month and enjoy each other's society and counsel, and feel benefitted-thereby.We "read tho with Exponent interest and are ' to learn' great pleased through its columns' that thomohers!iri Zion are awake to afierisdof their duties" and are storing up the precious 1 : grain, for we kn6wit will be our sal vatioii n years to come. We- - have considered tho Grain Movement in our1 meetings rind would like to give our mite to help forward In this great work, but the frost destroyed our grain. This being1 a newly settled place 1 "granary this coming On Jane Keeler, Sec'y. Moroni, Sanpete Cd, March 10, 1877. mw Wha ve laeerrled EDiTOREPof upori" to mourn the ht . Morrell, Summit Editor Exponent: , was accidentally kicked by a cow which hours afcaused her death in forty-eig- Monday evening, Feb. 12,TjEJldeifs"" Hardy aud lYoung addressed-- tho Young Men's Improvement Association, after which Mrs. Zina Young said she could bear testimony to all that had1 been said J the outside influence felt its power. She spoke on sericulture,, exhibited" a specimen of fringe that had 'been made for the" Temple at StGeorge. Th e feeling wi th us is that we have had a feast of fat things, and say God bless the brethren for their wise coun. sel,' and 'Sister1 Zina for comforting and Cheering us with her motherly and young. Larsen dismissed. We maintain the idea that woman's influence will hot be lessened but increased by her taking a moror active Iart in recreations and 'social enjoyments. In Sept. last we received a flying visit from sisters' E. S. Barney and E, Howard. They gave us good advice and we desire to carry out their teachings to the best of our ability. Respectfully yours, Jane E. Lemon, Pres't. loss of one of the most faithful members of our Society, Sister Caroline JTorgensen who ; ;Tne!Re summer, uiscuursu Sen., visited the Sunday Schcol; we could have sat for houraand listened to hlsJ wise ; Our worthy: " Lo- - in the afternoon, President Joseph Young, 8, 1877. " r 4 ; Association here,' imparted wise counsel to tho iriothers and daughters. He talked of tho Woman's Book ' about to bo published, representing its interests, and canvassed and , to car'df bettor iimfi f r good-season- g ty and the Young Ladies' Retrenchment i in the' grain in ahga&er hini: 1877. Editor Exponent : y we have not the means at present, to go elsewhere Ho purchase grain, but hope for i. .better times soon. The sisters of our society conceived the idea of having aparty jmd managing the affair themselves; We decorated our school house nicely with pictures and flowers, a few oljQuristers understand making arti. tibial flowers and made an jabundanc e of them, which gave to the room an elegant apearance. At two o'clock in the afternoon President Mrs. J. E. Lemon opened the dance by prayer. Mrs. Jario' Keeler was Manager, and at ten o'clock Counselor C. terward; this occurred on the 2nd of Feb. She assembled: with uiat our Socio tyimeet-in- g three days previo js to the accident, and was also. .at Fast meeting the day before Her age was sixty-eigyears; she was an accoucher and practiced here many years and was also always ready aud willing to help and: comfort the sisters in distress. She was greatly beloved by all herbrethren and sisters, and was respected by those who are not of our people. Her loss to us will be very great. She was always ready with her donations in helping to build up the kingdom of God. Her sudden death was quite a shock to her husband and children and to us all. All tho sisters of the ward convened at her house to pay their tribute of respect to her beloved reraains,and all the teams in the settlement were there to convey us to herJast resting place. Bishop Bradley and other brethren spoko comforting words to the bereaved family, and; to the great congregation that had assembled; we all felt to say dear sister rest until the morning of the first resurrection, then you will come forth and receive a i crown of righteousness that fadeth not awayj reserved for you from;' the ; foundation r"bT thy worldand to1 all' those that love His ap; pearing. In respect to tho Grain Movement w have two hundred bushels well Istorecl. We have a committee of four to look alfter the , grain; they are very energetic in gathering in the "staff the brethren are very kind ,iu ,hejping; .tho roisters donate the w heat. W a arcL gather! nglalltlielmeans we can for the Temple.. ladies are making quiltg and c6mfortefs7they also wUh'to do something 'to help build jup ,tbe ' kingdom of God. V; ,. X Wishing success to the iEixPONENT, I -- : your isister in the' Gospel, . ht : - : , 1 of-lif- ef : Onr-you- ng ; re-'ma- ;.; ,n;.. ' r J r BAILEY. in ; "MbcKly-anti- h in . Boston. . , i MasJr nrifrMTvtniT nctnntlV.' "roi.vY,v.r; . ed for them there1 seats 7,000 people,1 arid is . i ; always well filled;' 1 