WOMAN'S 71 5 m E X P ONE NT. w see hlra-dle- ? Sisters, it is for us toi be wide awake to pur duties. The kingdom S. REPORTS. i na:haveinoth yjlLuQlIn hatour - s.-1 own-Imperfection- girls did hot now tty&t the, gospel whs true sridw"theylrieet" together-an- d get the Spirit of God, and we have heard some of the -- ; r ? -- ; t . nwth-teresthelab- o - ' - ? Eloriiard sis-tier- s, ; will-ingne- ' f i - as soonas he gave "tho emission to the that they took hold of it; this Is a compliment to us, andj doh'fc you think he will bear that testimony in the courts above? Yes, he will.;i Tiere is another item that I wish to mentien. At a meeting held In the Gmncll House the: expressed wishes of Pres. Young were, to change the name of these 'associations r fromc Retrenchment As- sociatipns to Mutual Improvement Associations, and I would be pleased if you would take a vote here on thatf tashow your to carry out the Instructions of Pres. . Saht. the people in that industry, and now he has placed the'hiissidn' on the sisters. i The first year that he' setifobt - on- - this soil he saw that there was silk in the elements, and I want to inspire the young- sisters with the farriine is, certainly cpming anYCw.called upo'h Jo preparo for it. Pres. Young said ; ! : thousandsur dollars In tryingta leadout importance of this mission. We are also stbri ng up grain for a day of famine? a i - . duties are numerous. For instance, there is the silk business; President Young 1ms spent . ? tninutestQur in-t- he w yortMmyo ttraf mnrtxr no fn nrMnlirA tfit vhtintr s ihgtto fear (lonot yish Ward Assembly Rooms, to more are many for there tako time, up Saturday, Sept. 29, was one of great interwould-like4o from bu t hear est to all who 'Kavo tKe welfare dfZlon'ar tVXhere whomwe pray .Gpd4o bless you, and especially the heart Th meeting was presided PvErJiyS WCay'God bless yon'ahd-eiiddyoU Counselor Zina D. Young.; Th e jnjn u tea z t:yoiith vithenerg3randwdctenninationtoact--for-Trom the various wartls were' interesting,7" yourselves in regard to dressiogjIainly and and plainly showed' that thb ''young ladies hayem'of these are making good use-o- f their'opportunitiesn 1re.uqionsJand becopforted Ifor impremeht. Mrs." Zina D. Young and ".' JMIS3 Tenedisrmy prayer E; It. Snow made some Very appru Synopsis' oC MfslrBathsh opriate remarks on home industries and the fe e I happy? tp'jnegtj, w th t h e i remarks :; J the ' societies.- ' President j? praetical-worko- f much r sisters ;ii J John Taylor addressed the sisters in a most to pieced, tfiinkj thaf the, young ladies, are .edifying and encouraging manner," gave .stepping fo!riyardi JearningTthe principles .of some items of his acquaintance with the the gosptjlyading ahdj studying?at they that he JSpietywin fBelief may become?;wise ad great vlt kqw that ws presentr at its or this is ; the. kingdom of Gqd. ".)Ye 'should r43mtth?the" prophet .'Saidf he had watched ; not be ashamed pt bur reljgipnj .but lfye.it are so that ye will h9 prepared Ayhq and desireb! their prosper Jty, in gQ,pause; 1 to ..exhort you called Xp go hence. attend 'tltne 'benevolent work 'they were',' doing. Jand.? schools, And Pjyed' typhoid to bless and aid them in h ?!Fypurineetingd never neglect your prayers."'. , ? q?i lheir enierises- Mrs.E..B. Wells: "I love my' rejig ion c&cuiaedjta better than any thing else on the: earth and "Woodruff gafvef the sisters I desire to do my dut?and"walkDy the similar counsel, and exhorted ihera to store Spirit pf 'jGbd at all times. '(t haye:had some iUpl!wheat and raise'silk, and persevere in idea off the public Jworki of omen since ;j;the noble work jthey were doing; for he felt I 'yi&yMhp ihey wereiieoiworkcrsith the ; brethren In caanottfprLe i helping to establish the kingdom of God. have not donpmuctj lh pdr assiations but and .Ho gave them great encouragement, in looking ack, I? thint we ; have accomblessed them arid laskcd God to liless them, plished consipmbie."??The sectarto wprld ' .!AV5'Kf J ir h Til : ; uOiix'jtin x;Ci,i and their ministers teach people how to die ; lit! CounselorlD. 11 Weilsgave muphligood but we wantto learn how'tb live,' that wo i.advice and many .wise, suggestions in regard 4 may be prepared to ;dweU,Jwith ahgeis; and l to the efforts lhat were being made by the .holy beings; ?and if we ?dp 'AoV llyb Mve3 pf slaters 'to benefit each other and the purity we will not receive, the jreward that oung people, that they might fill up their we otherwiss would. This" Latter.day work May 8 in usefulness, with honor to them-- ? in time will: devolve upon the young, and selves and the cfiurehTand tkingdom of God. if they continue in these associations, they liiider Angus M. Cannon made a iewclos-in- g will bo in;ore?i 'mten't tc Assist - .than remarks very applicable to the time -we were'Mrs. Wells then bore a strong tesf5fadjilace,,Vma'ivery; politely asked th'e. timony upon plural jnarriage.r ml believe as tor?use their? influence practically by far y ' knowledge of these associations encouraging their hrisbands, fathers" and extend,' that the young ladies are doing '.brother to come forward and assist in putvery welj; that: they are learning the prin- Bishop ting up the Ne w Tabernacle. ciples of the gospel, learning to preserve Thomas Taylor dismissed with prayer. The their health,: how to become good mothers, meeting was one which left good impres-sioand how to take cat e of. their children; and and carried to the hearts of the sisters the objectiOf these asoociations is to develop influence. f Thef Spirit , of God heavenly ' was '? the young ;la'ies, . spiritually, temporally, there,? hearing witness, it to all,7 Tbo th physically; and morally ir.Jdra. W'ells also speakers and hearers. :made other excellent remarks op? the ;Wo- jMASfarEXKNsf,, anpChurch, Libraries, and expressed a very great interest in the SIeceiaMeei y ou ngrrrrrtaiV;- - rt Mutual Improvement Association of the Miss E. R. Snow; "I always feel happy, to meet with my, sisters; ttp.day I feel .a pecuFirst Ward, held in, the schoolhouso Sept. liar sweelnesaand heaypnly influqncjj,:,W.hat usual opening, exercises. 2Qth,7i877. ' V' we have heard is calculated to inspire us to lIinQtes read and accepted. "Ji residentrMrs Sarah : action. The world has a great dealioJeach-in- g !IJy: 'invitation o and preaching donej but w&r want; to P. Young t hen made Graham,, Mrs. Zina, r;i some remarks, ;bf which the following is act, forTby our acts we.wUl, Je; Judged. It has. been suggested here that 3we have a ohly a syuopls: NjWe hayeJieard somepxcellent sermons from the young';, ladles in ereat deal to do, and: those who are aliye to ' thdmihutes whichuse3 bur hearts to re- thelr:relIgIon know, that thero. Js inuchi to do. The sisters havb.wejghty duties placed Joice,' particularly as' they come from bur upon them, and; duties ,that cannqt be acyouth. yTo have here the, elements of truth -- and to follow in the track of righteousness complished; isingly, but 'require a untty of and carry on the werit thatTtheyr 6ur leaders united as leart Andrfeellng-tefrmust:b' have begun. And they will carry it on Jesus and hU disciple iWere, .and imust ;get with greater rapidity th the JlDly Ghost, the ConqfQrter that Jesus done, for they have not; the trapitions to contend spoke pf,tq holp us; Jesus, said, uWhen;i with1 that we had; Whim I. look on the .go away IilLsenpthePoniforteritO teach !6f faces you what todo and how toapt.". 3Che; mismy" brethren and sistofs; since the sion that ijaj ; been placed; upon the sisters death of President Young, T' think, How "believe feel ten: I feel?" wo I times wo. do requires a constant; effort, an d .U requires "And .they us to meet often together. ?strongr,,thanJwVidid' before5 he" 'died. I .that feared ;the ?JiOrd tmet often jipgether hayo ?heard hin 'y.(Jdsepyi8mjth,s and they spqke pne jto another, of the good greater effect aftdr his, death so and had than It ever ness of Gpd; and they shall bermjne when before, will.mlne;" and I thought to myself, OhJ will I live to I number np my Jewels, salth the Lord." the Fourteenth When President Young first qalled upon ; c rlt Avas carried that the name of our Association be changed from Young ladies Retrenchment 'Association to AssoYoung to' " '" ciation. ?1?;!- 10 oe couiinueu.i then-unanimou- sly ' ; ss ' . : . Editor Expqijent sis-te- rs as-m- i , , i ; ; : r?o-rrrT- ir- i:1 - - - ii perieci Huccess. I remain you rs ; ; e -- . : tcsti-mpiiy;nd?- far " ? M. A. Rock wood... s.;;l: cay1&p.M;mi.ilfV ' : f - , five feet high; of this, the Relief Society has six acres. The brethren donated the raising and harvesting, of s.thiswheat to the Society. While the brethren were at work the Society furnished supplies for subsistence, and all had an enjoyable time; The general health of 'the people is good. Your paper is" a Weteomo visitor. - Wishing 3 n, r:, Believing your readers have an interest in the Relief Socie'tylbf Peoa, Summit Co., and having recently: returned- - from that la. ' callty, I submit the followingr Tlie brethren havehclpsed about three hundred acres, which they planted in White Touse wheat, that looked beautiful when matured, standing from? four to , J Trr ST. GirAteLM Sept.;iOth 1877. Editor Ex ponent. On,the29th of.Aug,i3VOj received a visit from: our I'much beloved i Hstersij Maryi J.' HorneUod Piebe LWoodruff froiri whom we received much dTaluabla1 Instruction Which it carried outinouclives willbe of great ibeoefit rto us. L;iOnthetfolloyin2: news of. our morning we received jthe-isa- d -a iPresiaent's?odenth which beloved. least- we gloom overa the entire,- settlementi-yerealiie that our lossjshis gain, andfeel to say'Xhy will begone Patherand: notour Help us:Fajtb?er?io m Mvqj that we will be worthy of his society in theivorId to come With test wishes Jor' yourself, a?d yar valuable' paper, X xemainri T, ?" .Your, sister? in. the Gospel, - t ; Obissa AAllred. - 