WO 102 GRAIN MEETING. M A Nf S E XPO.NENT. Mrs.Bathsheba .W.Smith, Mrs.Phebe Wood- ruff, Mrs. E. A. Whitney, Mrs. M. I. Home, Mrs. Zina D. Young and a large congregation of ladles of this city and near localities Were present. An annUal report of the quantiy of grain stored was read by the secretary. Remarks made by Bishop Hunter: "It has been said that bread is the staff of life. When we first came tothese valleys, and indeed since "Hav suflred ifbr the want of it. 7 We don't want to go through so severe a trial again; at all times we should have wheat on hand. The Lord has been merciful to us; He has blessed us with much grain, and much of it has been wasted, but in the future I hope we will be more careful of what the Lord Tias so abundantly blessed us with. Our Relief Societies are doing much good; they have fayed much suffering, and have been great help to the "Bishops. They have tho Priesthood a portion ,of priesthood rests upon the sisters. They are doing a good work, and particularly the storing of grain is commendable. May you continue and succeed in your work." Remarks by President John Taylor: "I am pleased to have the opportunity of meeting with the sisters, and I am also glad to make a few remarks. I tften think the labors of the sisters are not sufficiently appreciated. I look upon it that the works of the sisters are as great in their sphere, as the works of the brethren are in theirs. We are mutually dependent one on the other. The sisters are doing an important work in their Relief Societies; they are quite an assistance to the Bishops, they are more capable pt entering into the feelings of women than men are, and there are many little things that are essential that they can perform much better, and are more appropriate to their sphere. They are useful in these organizations in trying to elevate the state of society, in our morals, in our deportment, in" our actions, in our dress, in our governing familiesyand many of her ' things in the sphere they occupy. I know it is a delicate thing to speak of things that are wrong in households, or families, but in your associations they can be considered and try to rectify them. For instance, there are some people who-dnot know how to use the things they arc in possession of; they are not capable of taking care of what is'put into their hands; take two families with the same income, and you vill find quite a difference in their management; in one the table will not be so clean and tidy as it should be; the bread will not be properly made, and the whole place will be rather repulsive to one of different habits. The other will be m at, clean, wholesome, everything in order, and you "will feel perfectly at home there; t herefore, i f we could Use an influence to make cur homes clean, neatr-tidy- r pleasant-an- d cheerful we would-b- e doing a good work. We want toMucaJe our youth, to a better and more elevated state than they are in at present. A little tact, a little more per. suasion will help our young people to do better; let us watch o.verour young sisters and not let them associate with company not fit for them to keepj'but lead them, in- struct them, that they may grow to bo hon. orable," good, pure useful women in tho Kingdom of God. There are none of us but what need instruction, and the great advantage is in feeling right ourselves which we cannot do without" the guidance ot the Lord. He will help us to instruct each other and to promote each other's welfare. ' I tronsider this gathering and storing of wheat as of great importance. I am pleased .to find that you have succeeded as well as : ; '' Repobt head5 at fibst Annual Meet- ; INO, HELD IN THE COUNCIli HOUSE ' " - L. City, Nov, 17, 1877. ;- . .. - 1;1;'L.:.l." At the suggestion and by: the advice and counsel of President Brigham Young a call was made upon the sisters througtvthe - MAN'S EXPONENotf Octrf 15,1 WWSit and hold; in. trust grain 'for 2idn, in all the towns and settlements of this Territory; also to build granaries in the various local! ties and sections and tdTsoUcit the brethren7 fordonations ot grain; and J to build store- - l houses.: Acting promptly upon the counsel given, a meeting .was held in the Social Hall one year ago underjhe; auspices of a Central iCodamittee who. had been prejtouslyjappolnted Vby the' unanimous.; vote of a general meeMng of the sisters Jn the Fourteenth yard Assembly Rooms, Nov., 11 9:isiZ,yhQ'8ubeQi of! storing grain was discussed by the presiding, sisters of Re-liSocieties, and such practical measures ' decided upon; and arrangements made, as were deemed proper' and Advisable.' Since that time the Bisters in almost all parts of the Territory have been diligently follow': ing out the instructions given' on that sub- ject, and the reports that have been received from the different localities are a guarantee of the energy and good faith xtt the sisters in this noble enterprise. . Synopsis of reports of grain stored and held In trust by women in the various to wns and settlements of this Territory, as per reports to the President of Central Committee.. These reports are from Relief Socie. ties and Young Ladies Associations. The aggregate "amount of grain reported in good within the year, since condition, stored ' Nov. 17, 1876 up to the present time is Of this wheat 299 J bush10,465 bushels els'. wTere gleaned by the sisters of the . Relief and Young Ladies' Societies. Fifty bushels were bought with Sunday eggs saved by tho good sisters of Dewey-villBox Elder County for that express purpose. There is also a quantity of flour stored and held in trust for the same purpose, the aggregate amount In weight being 7,358 pounds. The Societies nave also on hand in cash with which to purchase wheat forthwith $329,10; besides many articles, such as quilts, carpets and other products of the lab)rs of the sisters in their or' ganizations as Societies, which they intend disposing of to purchase wheat. There have been excellent gruiarios built in the 17th and 151 h'wards of this city,and preparations are being made in several other places to build good substantial granaries and Many of the Societies have bins ot their own in buildings belonging" to the Society, or ward. The Bishops in "many places have lent air the "aid "and Influence possible; to assist. the sisters in this benevolent work, i- The. storing up of wheat is not allowed to. interfere with other du-- . . ties which pertain to the calling of the sisters Of the Belief Societies. The wheat reported here Is in Salt " Lake, Utah, Mil. lard, Beaver, Sanpete, Sevier, Summit, Tooele, Davis, Veber, : Morgan, Cacho and Box Elder Counties. There are several towns and settlements that have not yet reported; to the Central Committee, io. -- ;:. , to-da-y, ef . e, store-house- s. - ; - . . REPORT OF FIRST rANNUAl MEETING. President Mrs, E. B. Wells presiding. -- Mrs. E. Howard was nominated and accepted as secretary pro tern. President John Edward Hunter, Miss E. R. Snow, -- Tay-lor,Blsh- pp o ; ypu have, yet you have not a reat deal, conslderi ng the size of tho. Territory, but you will increase; it puts me in mind,of the history of Joseph ; it took . seven years in that day to prepare for the seven years that have not got any defined was to come; we "11 4rv If AAt trv a paue time DUi we win imvo uj acc witn our which of know families, the growth ypu will I tell yon an rapidly. arejnCreasing whef lineccfofe rreadsomc e;n"Presfdent an related anecdote, which il- Taylor then t nTAman'a ni 1..nin4A1 inf inn in fKa qT;. i life. "If you ladies can lj el p us and succeed in saving wheat for a case of emergency, it Will UO UUU Vi mo gicaic.il aiw vi eiai-- . manship that could occur. We have been careless, we did not save our wheat as we should have done, .and now if the sisters take heed to these things the men will find nn tViof Hioir iiMna Hav hffn tuica in A this thing according to counsel. The ladies considered the weaker and are "gene-raimost beautiful ses; but if vye all do our part we will be in a position to receive the blessings of the Lord. I am pleased to see that our young sister3 are taking an active part . V A V - v : , , in this work. Let U3 improve in our improve in sisterly and brotherly feel, ing and in all that "will make us feel that we are an integral part of the Kingdom of God. May God bless you. and lead you in the paths of life. Amen," To bo continued. man-ners- HONOR. BY HANNAH T. KING. In my observations in daily life on character I have particularly noted the want of honor among the generality of people in the small affairs of life, even those who have." been liberally educated, from whom we have a right to expect all that constitutes a true lady or gentleman. Where we find honor is wanting in a character a feeling of contempt at once springs up and ttie'mer- curyin our heart's glass runs down, perhaps below zero! If we see honor in small things: it is a guarantee that it will bo exercised in mailers oi liupuriauee. our sirapie vora, wesnouia mane a point ot luty to perform and endorse by action. Trifle chew character ofton moro than great actions, as straws show which way the wind blows; were honor and order strictly obeyed we should have much less, need of law ; I will this by paying in England where horse raoing has been, time imme-- " morial, a national entertainment, and large bums ot money are lost and won, and being a. snpr.ips f ,jiinhlirH'" th law tlnos nntDcr- in jt debts i ncurred t herei n to be recovered by it. it U therefore thrown unon honcj "and" t hoe who fall tomee t such d ebts, are -- illu.-arat-e . niuuuuit a unu Dover. pcuuii to enter the race course again, even though he were a prince of the royal family of England. Anothor ; in'stance where honor was beautifully exemplified, was 7n tbo life of the irreat Richard Brinslev Sheridan who was of the nobility of England, but of very small fortune; he possessed. talents of the highest order, as a statesman and brilliant and beloved as an associate and friend, and was courted by the highest and greatest; but poverty was his bane, for his position"obliged him to live expensiveshed tears ly; Byron says he once saw-hiand say ho never had a shilling to call his own jpf course he was often in debt, and one day a tradesman called,' and. requested to see him, the footman carried his. request to his roaster, who told him to? show him oiaeuitg-,- fed 5 ora-to- r; -- 