' ' Stiiasjiubg,' My- 1 It ; 1 Deaii Ausxj Emj ; --i-r- ,-- Tf-- .f '' i the . pasUransformed 1 5 -- -- Is ove bi n g: Cli rls t liiaVI S 7G Atv III jsoon be counted in " - ' "JDecC, 25, J876 . -- w-vl Pa. w IiANCAStEit Co.y foretold by Isaiah, Nephi, and other pro. is literal, and phets has come, the fulfillment it is a marvel Jhatpeople who pretend to believe in the Scriptures can not see it ; wicked of the sinners; tThe rlalter-ar- e v enough to bo destroyed, but the former are not good enough to bo saved. How much longer will- wo tempt God? How cool and lukewarm- we are! Mahyr of f us wil b be- -: caught as were the antedeluvians and the Sodomites not believing that the end is at f hand But as God lives, ituwilf come, and IflXL Kpn f... h TififtTniserv7-and7renior3-tr only had" and fit might? have been,,r will bo thefchoof the unprepared,7ahd it will be a fearful scene.J No one- can realize bu t , JNOTESOE.CORRESPPNPENCE.;. w y, time froni an anticipation1 into ra memory. 'AVhai kind of a 'Christmaj 'havb' you had? : y Jookvernjho.th Second, Nephi, Book oOTprmon ( under auarepejrie monde" is; I had an Idea that all was splen. dor out sid e 1 1 hough t to work myayiup the ladder of life and become famous arid wealthy, becomoar iavprite everywhere, "and lead a life of gaiety arid pleasure a n to heLprd1JwjientheonQ npandJiotlu shall say unto the other, Behold!. I am the ; ; ; tHe j niidsofH iieriaj ers and 'eight mile 1 1 rbun. from;;1! try Is roll i rij?;1 mall lillls, but no mountains, and woBUs Hcrowrievery summit nearly, 1 j.wii&(H cbnvcris is not gri more ericpura'g-;4hougiiJfJIL paktf: ' Start; at tho ! To wp Hfol on Sridaj If ay made the ac. "3p6ct lj quairiian1 .aritJ'B 1 1 -- . ij - and darkness to them the devou t portion doVt know what they worship whilebie Jndifferfnce.Hlc "me of 'my lbw.n:rase'bHeat hofno. ?pow careless X was In iegard'to m$ saivation-i-- I tell you' 1AUnt E heeded ' among the tb6y;,an3 who ' claim Ood's shudwith, I fellowship people,' der to thtnk ot'iii1 Hofr many, "bt lis are : prepared for that' great '"day of the '&rd which cometh liko a tliief in the iiight," How many will be caught unawares and lost because they would not reach out their hands for the prize'when it was near their grasp. We mustinot think that the word Hrtlio6 : and standi Babylbtfig-doome- d all who leave arid go put into her except on be!'briedwitn;7Tier5ia Golemhds '"trill"' !' where iri to to heavon I could, Impress the impor- mnco or this upon my dear friends and fellow associates at home but no, theywould say ob, he's got religious" all missionaries ; tal ;that vay,rKe'U change, 'etcr Tes, this is pardy so, butHvhat makes all, ux ind think so? Jt isbecause they live nearer to God, arid are compelled .to rely on Him; they see ' what it really is to bp a saint, while the rest are blindnd if? they (missionaries) ever change after, as is .predicted, it j3 because they aro again in darkness, a true saint should always feel the same whether at home or, abroad, and bo ever ready-t- sacrifice anything and every-- . thing for the faith; ; ;:vr': I don't care how much. I am ridiculed and sneered at, if I know 1 am on thp. lord's side, Hp holds thei destinies of alt men in .the hollow of His hand, and, could crush them to atoms if He chose. f: I hope I never will boas I have been again, in sowo things. My ambition Is to bo a follower of Christ, and to be a good and useful citizen in the klugdom6f Qod."'lt3was "a hard struggle between myirlde land dutydhtytri-uraphe- d for i pneo at 'least" "I have seen ' enough of1 the world to become disgusted . with Its corrupt i6n. It Is ripe In wicked-ncand were It not for the Indifference of His chosen people God - would hurl his ven. : 'ir f . : j 1 si two conditions A - that of the saih(?'and that - -- ' her great fall. : : : . ;- : meefceaclrother thereof A I am too sleepy to write- any more night Good night till morning. - - . ' -:- Aurora ushers in another day: a cloudy one too, like tho. heads of- - many who awoke ;this morning after the effects of Christmas imbibations. i This is an apt simile but not a pleasant one, therefore a truce to the sub-. . -- . . What the programme for the day is, I do ; them-selve- s; . r letter. so-call- ed ' . -- ; ; ". As already said, the wicked are ready, but the good are not, we must all rcforin Jesus says "Except ye bo as this little child, ye can not enter the kingdom of heavcn,,, how many of us are as meek and -- . ; - r--- w to- !nbt know yet I suppose we wilt call on ,Bro. Mussels relatives.' One of them is a Memrioriite this jsect have for a basis the "command of Christ "if they smite , ye on 'one cheek turn the other, etc. If attacked they would riot feel Justified in, defending themselves,7 but when Bro. Muss ir asked this gentleman if ho would sulmit 'to thb assassin or robber without any effort, he said don't think I would. Whit does it do to have a theory, and pricticagood in direct contradiction to it. -- They ara all as blind as bats They take ono principle of the primitive gospel as a nucleus and surround it and their votaries in a cloak of mystery and supposition, hope and doubt And yet they boast of the spread of Christianity. There is a cord around the huge .neck of every Christian denomina. tlon and Satan has a firm hold on the other , end and is leading them through mystery further from the light of truth, deeper in-t- o the darkness of rHirditlon. Tho time "Omrm out or ner my peopl e; that, ye be not par. takers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, I and; God hathv remembered iniquities." She must be thrown ? down vvjth violence' bveri as a millstone cast into the sea f this islwhy I havo giyenup the idea of leaving my hope to become an inmate of the outside world. '"Corne out of heels' the command, and I will not risk my future salvation for the chance of a name in the world. I may never return as it is, No one can tell-hosoon the. cloud will burst and deluge all both saint and sinner God has said, though, "he who loseth his life for my sake shall find it," and if it-b- o His will I am satisfied. . We must sacrifice every-thin- g for Him who gave it all, and he who holds back any let him beware and remem. ber tho fate of Arinanias and Saphira. The prosfect of another war is imminent. It will not be as belorej wq great sides battling against ono another, but it will be an internecine conflict of family against , fam- ily, city against city, state; against, state. The condition of , the time shows plainly jhow easy it would le for lho Almighty to fulfill all He has said. VA crisis is impending. The world thinks it the result of natural eventsand so it is, God works in that way, He permits men to destroy; and tli cy are too blind to perceive that they are fulfilling predictions to the ' Dec. 2Gth. . : TteejiFseofrthe-- A and is only withheld for a season. - -- r'thrpuha'ndTft i would i great good God who has granted me the privilege of living Jn . this age, and .being on the right road. The time is close at hand when 2ioV; ill bej thet bblysafe place --- - k Saint la goihg'tp bo done1 judged by the deeds' here, and each -individual isi responsible for., himself I . ; . irts ! i ' - . . kr I ; s. converted;' at leasV'raade ah imriieiphor r 7 jis we tera5Iriwoapded' tilrar or ttio religious 77t? ineTf condition world; is -7 j IMormotf " : Cause; My friends will laugh at me perhaps, but I am used to worse than that already, and it will have no effect; oh, how I wish they I have made could all see these-thinglight of such myself, but I was wrong. Paul was wrong when he persecuted . the -apostles, and he became one himself after. wa tdrrilA s neveFenathujy-no-tOrr- :' pent of a fault. It JS pride, that does, it oil, - thai T'nrrtrr . failing vico of fools." The "3Iormons" like yie true saints in all ages, are unpopular it is not fashionable to serve God thats the whole thing condensed.7 I hope God will ever keep riio faithful, I can conceive. nothing more terrible than the doorii of the apostate,, "It had been better "ye had netfer received the faith, than to turn from the holy commandments once given" as Peter says in such effectrl don't quote verbatim. This world is but a preface to the great book f of ?eternity. We must lay up our treasures In heayen, where moths do not corrupt nor thieves-brea- 1 - -- dream" It's all hollow, hollow, hollow ! "The kingdom of God, or nothing" shall bo my motto. I want to remain with the Lord's people arid arii willing: to make any sacrilice for them and the great Latter-da- y ' : W a1-- . Lords; and the ether will say, 1 am the Lords. And they 'shall contend one with another, and their priests shall contend ono with another, and they shall teach with their learning, and deny the Holy Ghost, which giveth utterance.' etc etc. When I think of these things my heart is filled with unspeakable gratitude to the chaeUha37ficomelfirhe quakers In atfcigljtful lIitl6,town d 4o-da- y, i rvWhat diflferent character; ' there, we were in is depict--e- the exact stale of the religious world of in a prophecy, uttered by Nephi to his people. 'For it shall cbmeto pass jh :that."day4na the churches - which are bnilt - n ta i basrbeeiHak dnfromqkern ot Coyrbut , the xiv to xiviii chapter of-- iBevelations is a subject, or reading matter, which all should page, hapfcis e: by eartb, atfoTgroAS "Darkness shall cbver-th- e of minds theipeople.'!ivJB,rom darkness the we Willing to ujlittlejildrcn?Aro obey, are our minds as untainted as a little r child's? Without God's help it isi nearly impossible, but if we do our best God will help us; Ho knows our weaknesses better than we do and Is ever ready, to forgive. That we may ever bear theso things in ;mijdjmdbo .prepared Jesus, is my prayer, J -- : :t . for the coming ' : . t Yours Affectionately, of 