WOMAS- EXPONENT, 106 - IV S. REPORTS. . J The General Retrenchment Meeting held In the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Nov. 10, was a most interesting one. The minutes of the previous meeting: and also the minutes of the young ladlesirom wereiiill of self-sustainin- ' tho-severalrwar- ds In3tru(iMiii Horn texpressedi,hereelf pleased with the minntQ3,;and remarkecji that n looking over theLcongregaMon assemy jifilpi resnt .were jthinkingjtfcers valiant ones "that were reserved ; among-tht e to come forth Jn: theVlasdays She, spoke of. the.. d u tje3j q jth e saj ij is find .the .bless-- , -- va7fii they .enjedf Ipgk '-- Vr . ; Counselor E. R. i,now spoke of her re-- ; cent-visito the sisters in; thc.riorthern settlements, the) many meeUngs she had attended, the good feeling and ; spirit that existed among the sisters in ithe country and the. energy .and zeal manifested in good works. . She dwelt with great earnestness , t . ; pf,ustaining upon thft:;necessity home-industri- es practically, and the duties of moth, crs in teaching r their children correct prinward made some Counselor -- E. ciples. .: very, good remarks upon th preservation of 7"heaithand tralning.children in the ways of righteousness, i Several other sisters made ,. uppropriatetremarks4 i; The General Retrenchment Meeting, Nov. 24, Mrs. M. J, Home presiding. After the usual exercises and reading of minutes, Pres. Home; Mrs. SW, East, Mrs. Nancy Clark of .Earmington, Mrs. M. J. Thompson, Counselor P, Woodruff, Mrs. Sarah Groo Mrs. Martha Young and Counselor B. W. .the meeting, makSmith subjects of ing many wise suggestions-o- n general interestand encouraging eachother each-Address- ed iu good works. Cou nselor E. R. Snow said she had been :edified by the remarks of the Tj8istersyand2' , . spoken by them. , -- . J - , i president ilVt jX pbYne, ;Cotinselo;rs.Zina J). dressed the Show Ydungand & : ej'y sisters; 'Mrs! tY6ung in .her remarks,; dwelt Uie form 'Qjt.prayey'dhd upn Y of praying in Rubric capacity:" !she eaid a I person offering a pray et" in; any: public place should, in expressing tWmselyes, always as' v tl ey say we inadjj -- . jWero beseehin "sembled; many persons usepT fho pronoun asfjverjr improper;',, 'Another item was that "of partaking, the Sacrament with a glove upon the hand j she had sometimes seen sisters partake , of it with the left hand;' this was also out of order. There is a certain order' in' all things which pertain to the1-- priesthood,' and counseled the slaters jto be faithful to observe1 all these ,r l, .which Snow then expressed herself thingsVP-TIls-3 in regard to prayer,' and the : effect" of re- - . the congregation. 8ponding witn Amen-bnumber of a bore strong sisters Quite large testimonies, and much good instruction was oioases mo sisters in meae given, jlub reat' 'faith, and the Holv meetings Spirit rests abundantly upon all Who have yi . xm nearta rcaay rpceiye ine irum. 10 Peovidence, . Editor Exponent: . I i ' f , ... Oct. 2G, 1877. i ' . s, . ; r g, - ( , clothing they needed, and to live humble and righteous before their Maker. She gave much good instruction to the yoimg people. Mrs. E. Davis said it had been two years since she had visited the sisters here, and she felt happy and highly honored to meet with them on such an occasion. She said it was one . consolation, that the outside world gave us credit for our work, if they not did not .for; our religion,-saithey could ' numsee as we see, She asked how many bers of the Woman's Exponent the sisters took at this place only so, few;, there ought to be more. Advised the sisters to buy the church books and read them, and not fill their minds with, low reading and nonsense. She requested the brethren and sisters and clerks of our stores to come and buy their winter goods at theA Woman's Commission R. Store, nd not fTom;Babylon.LM resome appropriate opening Snow, after wero really saints or we asked if marks, merely professed .to be saints. Sho said it would be well to think and reflect about it. She instructed the young ladies not to use slang phrases or corrupt their minds with bad words, and that it would bo well for the young ladies to discuss it in their meetings and to set a good example before the younger sisters, and to patronize homeproduc-tions- , and sustain those who were placed over them, and not to indulge in but to bo kind and friendly, and always speak kindly to one another. Sho urged the young ladies, to be" industrious and to get mulberry trees and, plant them out, procure silk worms and raise silk so that they : might make their own" silk stockings and neck-tiedresses, capes, handkerchiefs and everything that can bo made from silk, and not to buy them of the outside world. She said the organization of the Relief Society was a revelation from God through Joseph Smith the prophet, and the Young Ladies Associations was a revelation from God to President Brigham Young. She gave much -- good instruction to theoung merr and women. She said it was no common thing in the days of Kirtland and Navuoo for little children to hold meetings, and ; to preach, pray, sing and enjoy the gifts of the Gospel. She inquired, of the young ladies if they wished to bo organized into a Mutual Improvement Society. They answered yes. Miss Parthenia Blair was chosen President of the Association of Providence, Joan Johnson, Sophia Poulson, Sarah Hammond, Al- -' zina Brown, Lucinda Eulmer and Alice Rico her counselors;: Anne Mathews Secretary; Elizabeth: Frederick Assistant Secretary y Elizabeth Blair, Treasurer; Miss Snow gave some most valuable instruction to 1 ; these young sisters who were appointed to hold positions of honor and trust in the As-- sociation. President M. Mathews expressed her thanks to the sisters for their kind-- r ness and for the good instruction Toceived from them. Th meeting was dismissed byj Elder Ueorgo W. Mallen. back-bitin- ...GeneralVRetrenchment 'Meeting; Dec. .8, Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. "y The minutes of,, the Junior Societies were rich in Senti- ment, and fitfpjshept& wide fi'eKd for bought, , g,- - f ' . Some minutes of a Special Meeting of the Providence Relief Society. After singing ; . yan grayer,' the President Margaret Math-ew- s arpse and said she was glad to meet the Bisters 'upon such an occasion, and was thankful of haying the privilege of meet. ' . , . :Gosiizn. Nov. 2nd, Editoii Exponent: . 1877. y industries. Thero were present on the stand by invitation, Mrs. M.A.nydo,and the Presidents of Santiquin and Pay son, with their Counselors and Secretary ;Bishop Price; his Counselors, and' Brother Barry Wride of Payson. The meeting was presided over by President Mary Johnsen. After the usual opening exercises: our Bishop addressed the meeting," giving us good counsel and expressed, himself pleased with our progress and financial report; compared and ' congratulated us us to the honey-be- e in being engaged in such a laudable work, and felt to bless5 all1 those' 'enaged therein; Mrs. M. A. Hyde, Mrs. J. B; Simons, Mrs. Elizabeth Stickney, Mrs. Agnes Douglas and Bro. Barry Wride spoke and said many things calculated to comfort and help us. Our President read a' poem composed for the occasion, by Mrsl Christina Higginson. The young ladies of. the? Mutual Improve, ment Association took an active part in the specimens of meeting and iniJ handiwork, and also, reading their paper which was very interesting, and the min. utes of their last meeting which plainly showed they are alive to their duties and are striving in the right direction. Our financial report from June 1st, 1876, toJuno 4th, 1877: Wil-lia- d , : ami in after year? Mr3. Zina D. Young spoke of the necessity of storing grain, and and Jot the useand being fulness of the silk worm nd the mulberry Jraeialo Jnseled jnjrt hers of tho daughters. of Zion, to teacn.tiieir aaugnters to encour-age home productions and to make their own hats, bonnets, and every article of -- -- -- finance, and exhibiting a variety of home ingwith the sisters from the City. She asked God to let His holy spirit Fest on each and every one so that the instruction they woud receive would benefit them both now " .' ( Tho Relief Society of this place neld an annual meetiDg Oct, 8, giving a report of , m -- received.......... Disbursed to the poor. . ......... .. . . . . . Donations Donated to Arizona mission ;.... Building material for Relief Society House............. $ 87 75 47 27 16 00 160 00 39 00 Store. Shares In 140 00 Shares in Provo Factory Cash in hand....;..v;;i......... 46 00 90 00 Goods and produce on hand......... Our President arose and thanked the brethren and sisters" for their attendance, sh e had been very much edified by their remarks and as the storing of grain had been mentioned she would report the quantity on hand; tho articles exhibited were the work of the sisters of this place; she hoped our next annual meeting would be held in our new Society House. Among 'the home in dustries exhibited was 4Our Motto, Refuge for the Needy," and representing the Beehive all worked in Berlin wool. The also worked in Berlin wool by one of our young sisters straw and coral baskets, home-mad- e flowers, .hair work,pin cushions, rag carpets, rag -- mats, quilts of various y mats;, woolen shawls, kinds; needle-worlin neckties oraifferent materials, crotchet table covers, straw picture frames, and many other articles. to all Co-o- p ? dox-olog- y wool-dais- k, one 'The-meetingsatifyin- present, and they seemed to enjoy themselves very much7and a good "spirit prevaito be a spirit led in our midst.1 There-seemof unity; among3; iHe iters' ofthis place; we feel well in our meetings, and are determined to help roll on this Latter-da- our work.. May we follow- - the- couniel3 of. Lord, and walk iri His footsteps, remembering bur beloved' leader Avho has passed tho' veil, and 'imitate his noble examw ple so that we may be prepared when are balled to pass to the spirit world. ' your 'valuable pap Wishing' . every success, I remain as ever, yoar sisi in the New and Everlasting Covenant. . Louisa Tayloe, Secretary. s . y - De-hi- nd - you-and- 1 recent Strike of cig. na makers In TOw York dity 4,000 girls been empibyed.f f,ThelgIrIs have sncu wohderfully with the'w6fk,; it'is saw; If the strike continues,' the men'smen will be filled Iwith girls. 12,000 " engaged in the strike. ThEouGK-th- e - 