EXPO KENT. W 0 M AN'S 1 which time she has lived In Wellsville. She suffered a most agonizing death' during ner ttc cptichernent.af tense pain for forty hours. ' Medical. aid was summoned and all was done that was possible under the circumstances, but all to no avail. She leaves a husband and four young children to mourn her los?; the eldest but seven years old. Bte was a good wife, a loving mother, and a .faithful saint, end was beloved ano es- licemed by i whq knew herand is sincerely mourned by a large circle of friends and acquaintances who followed her to her last rest--: , ing place, expressing sympathy She was a useful member of .the Itelief Society. Thus has passed away another young and promising wife and mother to await the morning of the First Resurrection Uiah papers please copy; also Millennial " , ;:ii: Star. interesting to the many readers of our woman s paper.:, AVe.' left Bait JLake City August 16 on of the TJtali Ce tliern from5 Qgden.; There, bad the:tali been"a very severe storm portlj f tbat hadin-jure- d tnHorthern road so badly nat we were to very long upon the way. ;Tbe brethren bad work almost eonatantly to make the road passable for the' train. We staid in Logan, two Societies, dayBrandpettheJtitoe with the visited-Siste- r Wr and Jn Lvisiting the sic Benson, who was very 1U at that time and has since died. She seemed very much pleased to see us, and we were glad to have the opportunity of calling on her in her last illness. ;, From Logan we went on to Franklin, arriving there at one o'clock at night. Elder George Spencer met us there and took us over to Paris. There we were favored by being present at of that Stake of Zion, that the atbeing the last county in the Territory to be of tended to, completing the the entire Territory. There were present of the Quorum of the Twelve,EIders John1 Taylor, Lorenzo Snow, Franklin D. Richard?, Albert Carringtbn, also Charlts C. Rich Of that vicinity. There was much good Instruction given, and the Spirit ot God rested upon alUwho spoke1 Pfesideht Budge made some inquiries in regard to our visit there and we told him our time Was at the disposal of the sisters, and, i .. and-affectio- . ' Ellen DISCOURSE BT PRESIDENT KRIGIIAM In. ih&'fabemacZe, bgdeq','a,t d .Meeting of the Relief Societies of, Weber Cvvntr, :; ,t ! 11- 5 - r 6n lustructlqn , tbst your unworthy. servant has gi ven tltTelnhabi 'tan'&of the, earth hailttei obeyed and carried out, ! have taugh t , them , enough tq have saved the patiops of .the f f rr), and tor .have m'ae vtry..one of them to.be . , tter-daySaints- fl We arc professcdly Mary...J. Horne. iangel the other has j passed through' mortality and ; ', has received the celestial glory of our. Heavenly Fatherland is free from It be contariiihatinp influences of tin that iw&bave: to cbntehd with, This Is theirfreretice!.J WeI&sk the uestibn, : can mortal rWg7ive bo they fre: worthy r; of (bW 'Eccfeiy1 of anlh? T' cari i answer1 the liestion' for myserfl?beieAe'-Iba'- t they an; ' f ' tht flih,' 1852, at Bradford" Yorkshire, England. After her arrival In thi valley she resided in Oden Wo years', since - dif-"(eren- ce fof GodlftOne Ik cl6thcd upon with i mortajity, IT UA R Y; ; e tu 0ho jJvi Saints. :r is;the yat an an Halnt of,God- betweena :i3 wasom-Jun- ,..; -- , Deceased , , weather. And I can say still further, with regard to our climate, a dry climate is a healthy climate, much more so than where a damp miasma arises from swamps and decayed materials, which is so frequently the cate in low lands,' especially in the Mississippi Valley, but not so on thisSecstern slopei N6W I want you : to understand what I am talking to'you this weather is beautiful weather to enjoy health. (To be continued.) n - ' t - i : ' For the ExpOKKirr. -- r?-. ,1 sometimes wonder If the young : tBE ' SENSE TAI4K WlTll ' GIRLS. ladies who Retrenchment have ' 'enrolled themselves and reflect how many dollars girls, ever stop ; per --will are spent in various - tblngsV w A5SNT7M tay dress goods, for instatice,1 whicK - ire goods com pars imported, when our home-mad- e favorably; with dteastern 'fabrics, antf Usually ; 7wear betted fO-yv- we would nobe; seen iow' let us" makea rougn estimate' qt how ' many dollars we sisters who" belong to these Associations could kep at home,1 rnakinbusi-nes- s for oiir fathers andi 'brothersVand, purse! ves, if we followed out practically thatwh'ich . we profess to. sustain1.? 7Usualiy when we buy wejfperiabGut three orf more Eollars orjapy kind of ;a jdress, except calico, j and say, from five to ten for a, cloak or; shawl for? winder. will, fiay there are twenty So-cietieir in thisTicI ty, wiilx at leasti tweDtyflve members (in each; Jf these. qtwoliarticlea alone - were hoihe-made-y attd : each ! member I made a nice, point of wearing :thfm;vjust i i rd lo wou tt be circu lat sum . snu lJ fng'Jin our owri community; and then lit ?all-- the Relit f Societies 'did' the samedon'ti ybu' think1 It wouTdftell? And would not our 'merchants algobds on hand? "bf ways nave home-mad"Icdursethe would Brother Cutler at the Home Commission Store, and 'ail those who are 'laboring to build up .Ztoni' w'6uVdn took smiling and tj feel j better? if t we want to CertAiniythe j were home-mad- e, ' ! ; som-tim- es ; 1 1 '. J3ee-what- - sayiiia; to these my sisters, Jf tne cWnsel and ; Died Ini Wellsville, Cache Co.; Oct 1st, 1877, Selina beloted'wife of Joseph S. Redford; and daughter. of James and Margaret iDtnsdale. - tofniiruciiohsanybr I ndustfiesrheswciall v'th? afo ne storing or- gran? We encouraged the sisters tq; persevere and carry, out, their organization! according to counsel, given frohi time to time.;- : ,v Jtcspectfully, your sisters, &c.,i ' t;r PilEBE WoODKUl'F, OB -1' 5 "TthovwwB "toMnTwiffiaimWrsiaHd owtb 6r--T before film whom we serve' and , (!erj theff lives ckriowleds our Faperahd-oti- God. ifttjl 'fe'elip'ltri- rtgaYd frerp to iive y o my at the; .meeting,; which was also a general one, . aud a rather solemn on eras we bad heard Of the death of; our beloved President and Pro-- ; pbet The .brethren? had l already left for Salt , JLake Uityn'; rj .x Everywhere, whether in public" s waking or PI?6, .yersatlon, we tall ed of the Home J. f ; JUf&rjta Mre r. thaV is within thek7M;lndivlduate sub- -' .duetlj until every evil desire is efadlatjed,1 knd ''eveVyfeellnglUilrl.hearis is brought into entfre subjection to the will of Christ. Kow you all beUeye this jnstlfts muqh MrX:do.f: -The flrsv thing I am going to introduce to my sjsters is the condition of this community. Since, I have come into this place I understand that you have a great deal of sickness here. It is very warm weather,'? one says. ?lA great deal of sickness,VJ says another. I want to say to you that warm weather is very healthy COMMON j- en-te- d, ,) purify themselves by belr faith and by their conduct, so that they are worthy. Then they are prepared for tbe society; of arigels.-5- ,o be Saints indeed jrequires every wrong 'influence ' thonde-cliratio- J ; . point out their duties, and direct them with regard to their future course of life. This we are willing to do, on conditions. Were I to ask you if you.ate willingto comply with those conditions, I have no doubt but what you - wouldat onceianswer me in the afilrmative, n zandt bellavfi that you. would' carry out of yburrowtt' voices, fopthis. would be t y our ntind - f Thet qucsi ion is, w ill j you carry "out'our instructions? We le ave' each and every ' otle'1 to determine that by their f utdrd Hvte. by Wehope that th'c people will heartidni and "A tb our rf theiracts respond quests. jiii Latter-day' Saints called The people Biy that in : sanc-tlfjin- . H ; j Societies of this Stake of Zion to hear reports and comments from the Presidency, the Secretaries, and from these th at tbey ,would call upon to speak. I learn from 4.be President that the calculation was to invito the brethren to come here and talk to them, instead of their talking, to i us, and to give them inEtructions, ren were present, and manifested an excellent feeling in; aiding and. encouragingAhe sisters. The meeting W4fVreside( over by Mrs. Qreen-halppresident of the Itelief Society; The ' Society seemed in'a pro9per6us conditio ncdu-eiderthe. many disadvantages under which ".the people lator1, in, isolated, 'settlements. Str QfarIesJeur meeting wasalso yreil amended, fome of (he brethren being present an& speaking. , words of encouragement. , Mrs. liaker. President .oJtjthe Relief Society, took charge of the meeting, and! the .sisters seemed earnest and anxious jin the work in which we have that arises with- (MrrecVevery Influence I expected to attend a meeting of the Relief At Bloomington the Bishop; and other breth- ; REPORTED, BTJAaCKS TATTOB. ... them-sqle- s, in .their own beartsniat is oprosed to the g' influences ortHe grace of God, and . here in time for the funeral. -- YOUNG, DEUVEKED accordm missed, he; gave out the following appointments. On Tuesday we were to hold a general meeting' iwith the Relief and Itetrenchment Societies at Bloomington, Wednesday at St. Cbarleaj Thursday, at Paris, and Friday at Montpelier. We filled all these appointments except the last. On Wednesday the telegram reached us of the President's death and on Friday morning we started for home to reach they must subdue the sin thatjs.withln : President Reliefs Society. ; . ation WhitonV 85 5 e' Jn '&afce$U apreiedt,knafVtVas sqme home-mad- e artt-cl- e. don't'you think til ey would prize it all the more?,,; 01, course they, would; If they,did not they1 ay e not go t tne good" sense I gi ve them credit for, anil If Hhey hav'n t, don't glye'them anv pr V;ff current just a C.Qirls,Je.us trandstenx the, litUe, and. not.troy and pull down, but ee to strengthen 'anojbuild up. ,. . riUi'A 'VmI vi ' :;-4- ji - . One of TriB Girls. v.. -- I 