For tbo Expojtbt. Simplicity. 7 V TO' THE SAINTS T n IN ElON- .- .1: We aro said to' be Weatures of habit. We certainly are lb to a great1 extent; We aro all, more or less, stamped with the dye of education combined with thecireum--fltance- s of; early life,: which constitute our individual cast; by which wo are fitted by certain opinions and prejudices, and bound to certain habits and customs, until we realu ly bccoctpstreotyped in practice. ; ir When we cnter.tho school of Joaus Christ, the sooner we can divest purselves,or become sooner we divested of traditional cadt--ththroWAitKeJgtereotypddition i'i of onr hold selves; and like a plain proof-sheeourselves subject to correction in all 'things, .and like little children, be .ever ready to receive and idopt whatever, tends to improve, mentthe greater will be oqr attainment towards that point which the Savior enjoined loniSjidisdples, 8aying MPe ;ye therefore perfect even as. your father i fin. heaven, js perfect."' To" this end,? ?we need , to cultK -- ii?-- eL t, Tvatehartrwth clear sunbeamj affords ah extension, of. vision far, for gurpassingf the utmost stretch afiiili the i telescopes oJhal ostentatious forrnallty, which clothes tho affectation of greatness with which the world abounds: While simplicity j exhibits then burnished gom.wilh all its native lustre and brilliancy undiminished,' yet; improved by the sculp; ttorVart., This feature wasi? beautifully illustrated' in, jtho, character vt Jesus Christ jdurlng .his life upon the earth,1 : His origi; dignity' re and " nal, worth quired no artificial support. Sensible of His awn; superiority and greatness, and for the time'being, satisfied ,to be what he was; He jgparcd himself ;the trouble of endeavoring to make, every body. r understand and acknowledge' it. A The; life of Joseph Smith, also, was a striking illustration! of the beautyof simplicity, as all; will testify who had the honor of bis personal acquaintance. 'u But we are under no necessity of referring toi thosQ; who once lived;, we have plenty of .living, examples, both of male and female; and they are 4n. our, midst, for the greatest and the best on the earth are here, the opinion of the world, to the contrary notwithstanding. For instance, is there a greater than Brlgharn Young? Is therej one on wfiom rests "a broader fold of imperial dignity, as recognized by the ,upperknobility? By,the way we do not tie opinion of the lower courts.) And is there a more striking example of plain, ness and simplicity ipofes not this ery simplicity in him, beget love 'and admira-,tio- n t intho hearts of ithls people? I always vfeei .to shrink from tho cold formality that Heartless --affectation of dignity, where thought and feeling and every natlvo charm, tare hid. beneath the cumbrous appendages of tho so called etiquette of fashionable life. ' It seems too' much like the penetrating beneath, or unwinding to an find of envelop slxtyfour thicknesses Egyptian Mummy; and when you., find it, sub1 you only find a stiff, dried up, lifeless stance, at which- - every feeling would revolt to recognize as the representative of bnco breathing; noble humanity. True digand real greatness is nity is own exhibition. It for its never straining certainly is desirablo to bo divested of that -- kind of tall importance which requires coiw stant propping and splicing to sustain its It will nov-- : position. That is too expensive, er pay its own passage. 1 think 'it must be one of those things that "' "perish with the usinc." ; i' , : self-possesse- d - ? , j cprt-'su- lt, i : ! ? : : self-supporte- d; ; 4 . the pattern of heaven to sound thOTequi. em of Gentile policies, with all their incon. gruities and fendencieso evilr and,of ev- Ever delighted with the. beauties of: nature, i like to see .nature cultivated and improved .but not obliteratedhowever, elevated and refined, let nature bo nature still in every department, both in the productions of the earth, and in all the t vast varieties exhibited throughout animate and inan- 1 ery, principle of disorganization and; de. generacy; to establish, or at least to assist in lhtroducin.such customs and, principles as shall place an eternal vetoron jthe fdown. ward course o( human existence;, and cause the tides thereof; both physically and, men. imate existence. j' Hove simplicity.; ! like things tpseem r what they are and be what .th'ey seem. I love tho artless exhibitions of unaffected childhood; and regard simplicity in a child, not as a frightful extuberance a something peculiar io, andjrmly to be tolerated in the infantile season, which like the transient verdure of spring, must disappear before the summer solstice and give place toTmoro DlahyaLprodactionsjbut'as an inherent , ; ( tally, to. flow upward, until mankind in their generations upon the' earth, have be- . come immortal. : standings, being stripped of the fripperies of the past, are equally enlightened by the power of the wisdom of God. 'This calls n " er tha n the tide of fashionable stoop to conquer the degerioratlng power of folly-lsoon- custom; we tamely transmit to suececdiiig generations "the evils which we endure; and leave for them to accomplish what we5 ; should do ourselves. ; Vou-- I sneaki Mv dear sisfprs in Zion-l- to enaii it Deinusr juei us au lei us as individuals realize that a oortion of this crrcat responsibility however j small that pcrtfoh may be, is Testing on us. Let us ever dare to do right, and Id doing - right, let us not be afraid or ashamed to do. uWhat is true greatness?, In human character, usefulness constitutes greatness. I mean in ZiohT la the Estimation of holy: intelligences, the most useful character or person. . is the 1 our an d . . . , ' " : : i -- i-- ng ; en mum-myfying,th- and- - forbearance towards for each other. But do we not, too 'of te,n; suffer our judgments tp bo. biased, by reflections from the opaque order .ol, things witji which our feelings have been associated? We do hot like variations, from 'the beaten track, and sooner . than pass tho, trying. or. long-sufferi- -- as-wh- f We do not yet see eye to eye in all things a difference in judgment With:regard to right and wrong in mauy instanc es, will ex. ist among those, who enjb race the truth attribute of. real goodness, that should be tenderly cherished a plant that should bo cultivated for all eternity, and constitute a prominent characteristic in very season of life. If we are pleased with its charms in childhood, it calis forth pur admiration when delineated in manhood; for when does greatness appear so truly-great- , clothedjwith tho mantle of sinnrplicity ? 7 mtuated atthe farthesrp 5Vhappin fo be of lower extremity that thing, called degeneracy; and with all the boasted light and knowledge of tho age, the human family is blind and ignorant with regard to genuine worth, and true greatness. They call good ' evili' arid evil good; and I would ask, what "of all substances on earth, is more subject to idiotic metamorphosing and artificial that of the human kind? We suffer our tongues to play the truant with our thoughts our bodies to bev weakened and disfigured by the arbitrary power of degenerating, corrupt Babylonish fashions health destroyed and our lives short-enethrough a silly and guilty perversion of dietlc observances. The laws ol nature . are set at defiance, while wisdom and simplicity are laughed to scorn, and common sense looked out of countenance. We all have been and' still aro trammeled with these mockeries Of: life. Yes, hero In Zion we are affectionately hugging to our bosoms the prepossessions of Gentile tuition, cares; sing the customs of the past, which have been instrumental in lessening the tide of human life to its lowest ebb, and at the same time claiming, as we really are, to be standing on the very threshhold of the dispensation1 of the fulness of tithes, and, ..actually living in the Era of the regeneration. As mem(ers, of ( the church of Jesus Christ, we each haveC high responsibilities resting.upon us; and surely quite as much diligence and Jfaithfulness aie rcquisiio in Zion as in Babylon if we heeded a large amount of moral ' courage to stand forth amid the scoffs and sympathies of the world and of our "unbelieving kindred, to espouse the Oospel of Christ; wo' certainly shall require no less to fulfill alt its requirements in the midst of those who are call ed saints; for remember, "all are not Israel that are of Israel." In order to attain to a fulness of promised blessings, we must bo found faithful aswell as to have been call-e- d and chosen,, In speaking to those of the middle age, tho Savior said, "all the blood that has been ; shed from the time pfrighteous AbeV fec. '(will I require at the hand of this gencra-tionYhy? simply because tho responsibility of saving, or, in other words, of doing the work for all the dead, from the days - of Adam, down to that time,' rested upon thoso to whom the Gospel was proclaimed. If such, were their responsibilities, what must bo' ours, who are called to lay tho foundation of a new Order of things, after , greatest. The Savior said, IIe,;that is greatest among you, let him be servant of all;" or in pther words ho is. servant of all. "The glory of God is his'. workSr Usefulness Is greatness. The tallest dignity tho most perfect and beautiful elegance, and the mont lofty sublimity ate combined and as. sociated with the greatest simplicity, . . ; This is a day of restitution, and when that heavenly simplicity which characterized the ancient worthiest those who asso ciated with angels, arid conversed with the ; . Most iligh, is restoredrtho saints of the last days will freely participate, in the same 'Vi blessings. ;. ;? u j This is a laboring dispensation; and as we are instrumental in benefiting others in transmitting to supceding. generatious, those principles and thosp practices which tend to save and exalt: in the same propor tion shall we be crowned with, glory and exaltation in the courts of Eternity. , j . 'HYGIENIC NOTES. the physician says that many of deaths which occur among our ..children, are the result of the use of stoves .in ..Vict rooms; tw. pare air and free ventilation ara , of iar more portance than medical skill; and ..that .open arc the very, best ventilators. :. r r; Aladv ran a m?fv nrtll'ln ihn linttom of hct A practicing - ' , ure-plae- i 4 ,r r rirum ifnicn t! i 'i. iwi. cs 3 ' ryTtr hcel j iw ensueu. scraped or pounded and applied to the wpunu, ' lieved the lock-jav- r. V i; i locK-ja- ! , w An excellent remedy for scalds or. burns is aD apply olive oil freely, and then cover ?ith, ' bind on new cotton batting. V - - 