WOMAN'S EXPONENT. if her husndTJwas,mmanTrfed tho occupation of mining, and upon this class I desire not to cast an unjust, or un- to take iyesj Jtflss ..Snow replied to her, "Supposing yo'it;iWeM'.'that' the Lord had other ' youjiad tuaijyjibbfi 'rejipjarj JQ3 earth to perform tha you selfish not forge trall about your bwri feelings and go to with all your might in order to fill that rnission?,?r This is the magnanimity women show who enter into plural marriage; and it refines and elevates them, and is one of the greatest cultivators in the Jo become sancti worldji fied and holy, aiidjiaye their names associated with holy men, with Aposth-- and ' n-fT- , well-behave- . ; ty) thoifiltl and h t h usually ara already beginning to' feel- the their, close proximity to these SS?9' ?1. .acPmPnyinffden3 of land their corrupt, deeanduniquity, - . graded inhabitants; not hut there' may be aremany'honbrabId5 men who follow ana : 1 will they 7shalitTear ?7hat ' f ad I bd say ? Will Are the three absorbin g ! ; mit ed ? questions on her shopping tour, during her spcial visltsy anc lin her , private apartment 1 1 before the looking-glasEveri 'her rover continued dissipation and vice, until conknows' how" best to possess liimself of her science has forgotten he duty, and is forvbr fbhe 'never;ifajls:,'!tp supply himself ever silenced. And isJfc possible that such ; Iwitb anaburiddnt ;store of flatterysb pleas--fiendi in human shape, fit inmates for tho 17 lower regions,1 and to; become subjects of ing to saclv.a in to justlce1 his Satanic Majesty, the lowest of the low, ,. "But th'osy .hos'e ideaof life is'thus ; Tsuggested I miist add that In many have led astray some of the daughters of but' the ;. ekt'erhal, .the: false substiZioii? Yea, verily And how have they tute 'of that inner life" which contains noaccomplished 3heir wicked .designs? Often ble? th6.ughts,i 'higher aspirations than the by, subtle., hypocrisy; by polite, attentions dreariis of. ' That inner life is secretworld and .studied . consideration j by flattery and ed in the recess of. her heart. undeveloped; vain praise, and in various ways; thus beits owner is scarcely; a Ware of its presence traying gradually and dragging them down unless occasion calls forth its hidden powto' misery, degradation and sorrow, from er and makes woman what she should be, whence it is hard for them ever to rise; and never can they attain their former, position strong In her own right, independent and Irr her undertakings.- - But thosa of purity. I believe ih is j i n ; many ins faculties, rarely make, their presence felt in caused from alack of proper training : her actual life, for public sentiment frowns and good counsel anil watches re by "parents; a vain and fooland often, no doubtj-frosevprely on any woman who dares venture Out of her supposed' sphere They are not ish desire to be notIced.nd flattered. O my sisters! is it for . this our parents 7' tiiioweaip unnirorct Tonnemseives;now ' have left their homes in slaves countries, . " could tey If; they figured1 as mere ' and1 arid in the of the trackless men?. And If fortraversed. toys sufferep! deserts, eyes the privations and hard strife incidental to merly a solitary wall or protest against this ; the settling this rugged, barren country? to Injustice was heard, And known to strike y disthe chord J. of sympathy .in the - kindred raise daughters who will disgrace and honor their grayhairs? - And will we, the 7beartsr bt their8ister sufferers, it was qulck-- ; who the have . of had women; South,' ly smbthered ty the overwhelming voice of young Vpublio opinioh; that despotic power which every advantage of being taught better, twh o are : bl essed wit hi a-- beau lifuland holy has sd Idhg hejd wonien'in subjection. V TBrit a tew; eraJ:has 'dawiied for women. Temple, in our, midst, . a eacred' building iJ ir k'trti W fiatf was years Mit snKreti i frfjirl vnrv reareaiotho'nacQolonthe' Most' High God, a house intowhichrwe are privileged to J under thseadr.srecy nor publicly 'wman'ari... L this i self-relia- nt is " introducing effects of 1 far-ofl- T attend, and I may say are the predominating elements' of ; mining camps; -- Some of the settlements xnot far distant from Oeorge ut-- 7 m of some who St. find terarice with our gay young' girls at every little disapppintmenti To them life is a eeas6less found "of '''sWsaTfpnjpieasurei, gos. ? sip and vexations. Their tireless brains are forever employed In devising new plans to outrival others, in appearance. "What i: d, tan-'.ces- of itho communi- corrtiptidn-whic- , : ; fuy dimes than of their religion, or the pell-bein- g ; 1 . g a- , . are-beginnin- (with - "y a7 aridsimilar vSuch Jexlamations othersiAdo!', ; alm911ble think morei:of 1 s. sand-plain- s, ?TfIHC5?;4feTOW..Qf into our midst tho aid ; a heart susceptibleonly of the basest passions;; black as midnight, and callous with Though we in this thesouthernextremity of our Territory, this remote, obscure corner of the earthy have been, as it were, shut out from society yud 'the world'in 'general, by rugged roclcs and barren and f? ; 4 f: have fancied ourselves secure frpm.theout-fiide.- ; element, --which lias been floating through other parts of the Territory, on ac- roads which to be traversed.to reach us, the mines-whichave' been opened in this vicinity todispefsuch illusions. They - 5 : 4 - ple and works, acknowledgodtheThlp Society 'had giverihim irfassisting him to care for the Ward,, andthanked God for their assistance. He bies the sisfers who spent so much of their time in going from ward to ward and trying to strengthen and help the different branches of the Society, felt the blessing of God would rest down upon them; and desired the day;torpIl on when jesus should feign King of nations r ' as he now does King of Saints. - papa wouldn't frown so every ask him" for a ilUle moneyIhavn't timo I got a single new article- to' wear at Mrs. lI'--- s reception and it will be such a brilliant affair I know, for Judge- Harcours daughter is going to make her first appearance in an elegant satin jusfc impofted from i Paris, and' the Lancfott's displayed' their new sllks; expressly made for the.'pccaslon, jiist to mortify me. Oh dear,:. what am I put into this world for if I can't enjoy' it as the-ma- ho HER OWN KMANClPATOB. "I do wish ; , - - - . a voick pkom .... ;riixib;i,AND. ". by-spongin- doingso. thanked tne sisters "who MrsEHiggs had spoken, for their good counsel and instruction; said she felt blest in doing her duty, even in the smallest things; rejoiced in the woric o the:Gospel. r t Bishop "Warburton spoke encouragingly to the sisters applauded their good words ; g . , r the-Re-lie- rlemW u : be-ble- nor take-warnin- - ? Mrrteaia in the demeanor of. our associates; let us hold: oiir name and reputation so sacredjthat J. But we know not yhat we may do qntil we are tried by circumstances. ' But my prayer is that.wo may by tho experience of others, listen to the good counsel which, we . receive, and remain firm and true to the gospel of truth, never swerving from the path of virtue and integrity, truth and honorj u ntt tne end. St. George; Oct; 27, 1877. Kate. , -- : ;L ; riW' V 4 - Teryfcum never allow any Tamiliarify,;or impropriety : men of. God.; ;7 assemto the Miss Snow thenTintroduced bly j&frs.E4i lYJjifaW wno; s?ug "A Song :tJ",-of Zion." MrsC Chase,' Ji?residen t ;of the Society, made., a fety remarks; expressing herself pleased with the good instructions of the sisters, lieferred to the cultivation of a spiritual disposition, a;nd gaye" Jier iideas of the unloV that8nQuld exist among iiie fciaints. She felt it was good to have help from her counselors, and to bo united with them in all duties." ,.: she wa3 Counselor glad to .hear the glorious things that had been spoken;, she fejt Uhey had good. sisters in. the First Ward who were prompt in attending their megijngs. V Sne made some excellent remarks about the sisters taking the ISxpqnent ; said she felt it was full of the spirit of the Gospel; thought many moye of the sisters, ought to takefif rand ; ' ' woulcf . in ,,vf.f U-;-- nothing to break the monotony of every- -' day life.' Many of our young people, who have lived here since early childhood, know, nothlng of the outside world, except what V they have read and heard. ; But will that always bo'the case? I fear not; the indications at present are, that this quiet- little nook, where a few. years ago r eyery face we met was familiar, will soon be overrun with tramps, and a disrep-table class , of various grades. Now tho question ariseSj to jvhatclass ,rotr men will these terms apply? 1 will givejny4 version, though I may be wrong .7- - 'J in first s who is honorable Lenougli ta show Jiii bolojp wholiS' tob idle and shiftless to work and gain an .honest livelihood, an4 makes tfce fact manifest by wandering about from place to place in filth and rags, obtaining a subsistence as. best he can and, when hard, pushed, will perhaps resort to theft; and though many . of them- - are- dangerous- - characters, they are' no worse than i their appearance would indicate, so that-peomay be on i their guard. Another from thero is much . class, fhm to fear and dread, are' men who make a fine appearance, w hose apparel is faul tless, who are and io all outward apare real gentlemen. But oh! if pearances, we. could only liayo. a view. Of the inner life, what would e discover? 'A- - fiendish desire to destroy that which is pure and chaste j s .; " be reflection. ' Up to the present time this has usually been v a quiet little place, with littlo or fair1 appointed you to Ldc ,n certain work, that . 05 ; . ? -- ; " 1 eri-.lera- nd recelvareIngs-whicli- L we can else on eartrr, shall we fall from our Jilgh esate and.forfeif these great 'ble33ingSvand receive Condemnation? God forbid.! Ealherlot our bodies bo'laid in an with a spotlessy unbjeni-wisheuntimely grave, - and oiir name,spirits return' to our father, pure as .when they came. , For what would 'life bd without virtue? Only a burthen and a curse. Then let .us, my young sisters) shun the yery appearance of evil, -- . dJ marked rapidity; ''Emboldphed' by the con. Bciousnes 01 incir anility, tney are grauu-- 4 ally rising one by one, t6 aprireciate and de-.mahdf their rights. The doors 'of unlversl- 1 1 es ?an d .dolleges1 are yield Ing to' t he Tor aft emission; the fields of jintlustry and;progress are open for''the exercise' of their Ingenuity and skill, and wo-: per-78J8tentaern- arid - 