i JOURNEYING TO SODA SmiNGS. . being rendered more strange; and lovely by ti ' that tint on some of, the leaves which always betokens Autumn, a Among nother i, things which struck mo as bein; rather strange and somewhat beautiful was a scene - which Joe and I had" the " good fortune to & behold the day before yesterday. We had climbed to a considerable height in search of game, and in stopping to rest, happened to look towards these low rolling hills, : over, which at that moment were passing a ; numberof small clouds, a sufficient distance aDart to U a d m 1 ; n f irn af rl o r n h tl fiiimihinri'Mf f and we sat and watched these shadows fly rover Jar h thelillsfas-thougfaj, t the sunshine, and then the sunshinechasing wohld follow 4is though! in pursuit of the1 cloirds.' ' This scene would have &iven on& Ma rreAd : start towards sad v meditation, anbT inightrv -- nave oflered an .appropriate comparison to : life, had one but been ina mood to give way ,tp the, feeling which involuntarily i: m m i r B. iu u crept upon the eoukn : , - ; 4 1 rm TY1 . : thrgh; intention tablelands, but had left th ivalieysiand WOrJc half'dope ' -- IN BIO i - HOUSEUOID HINTS. v fi CANON. camp-fire;singingJ6- k- " . . r-co- 1 ; theif 1 1 f : 1 1 s f . - it'-'ma- y iu 1 the pines being particularly beautiful for their height and straightness, and so v inviting that it almost seemed a sin WpassT by without enjoying their proffered and friendly shade.-- Qn the higher summits of" some of these cafions we could seeJor a r t-- -ii -i-- oe f. ; " " st, home-brewe- 1 ; -- 1 : Li OT: t t, distance cf about fifty miles, "over, .what seemed a series of endless hills and hollows rendered doubly enchanting by the distance, and as they reached further and fur'their distinctther the hills gradually-los-t ness, and their outlines faded into a valley vH,-,i,- . ; LAi" seems 10 me a vci uuruyct.uijivw wy r,,f j I man to be a doctor, but I am quite satisfied 'id jAieti . U 1 f Tti.'utTLi u -n aer a purse, anu wisu mu jucfoiu, cmt- - ; : 1 a. ' f s IForihe Expoxxjt. tTHE MIDNIUHT HOqR . Ui6 WUU1U Ul JLU ULUf T1CV1 1 rfoesinn V VWWW A With what awe, when a cjhildj did I look forward to tho midnight hour. I had in- vested it; with some lolemn though M some Uncanny uoiugs, auu uueu wuuuureu wuai midnight might, ejike ;One night when: my youngest sister, was sicky-- asked my cup until father and motheifto t looked! midnightjusrtd.feee-oinldnighThey consented. I patiently waited; the is : naidj expected hour at last arrived-p"I- t - " -- T v F TiTiTRA VmOU OUVA ftUiwvMi wu asfainfit - fnr wrtmati' but advise 4 T i ; the greenest and.loveliest verdure the ; pine trees and brusTi in the long reaches having diminished to tho heightFgras of Towards the close, of yesterday's journeyi and at the head of Bear Lake canon, we beheld two or, three largo groves of withered pines, apparently not blasted by light-- . ning or destroyed by fire, there ..being, no -a a green and a white, with an occasional tint caused by a peculiar shadow or ray of, sunlight, fpervaded.the wFoleyand-a- s all the branchesrremained as in lifo, with the bark removed, it formed a very beautiful and impressive spectacle branches beingso thick and standing out in ucu uom reuei, mai one almost fancied it to be a spectre grove, u Some of the hills around here am veryr peculiar, manv Iwinn- entirely bare, withHhe exception of a stripe green trees runnf thongh laid there by artificial' means, these " color between t Drie4 corn and Especially sweet corn is an exThe night father: arrived: ;we: had) ailveryr.V cellent vegetable for winter when there is not i nico time around the ;the variety , of other seasons. In many , places f lhg and talking iintil nine o'clbckjithen we: tides not ripen on 'account of the1 'earir frosts sang ."Nearer, my. God to ;Thee,!?i then fath- and If. there are cars snmacnflyTTpes' toP'oSbk'itf er hadprayer3, after1 that we sung ."Praise I would be' good economy to" preserve' the : God from whom all blessings flow Everyi. win ter. lj ifhh process is simple!; ahti'rcaaires'nb thing around us seemed grand and sublime; the great fire of pine logs,' n tho kilcar bluool. t particular skill only a little care.;i JEein6f e the' i husks and put the1 corn t ia hoilm wateY add k sky f: atove, int i. which .the;? moon - shon6-- : scald it just 'enough to rstart i ike' inilki Jthefl 'takflf brightly.as iff to: rival our fire, tho: tall pinoJi. j 11. X trees tq out, ana cut uirom ue icon ! ana 'sprcaa icon wiring abbvevU3, the4 mou ntains suf. sheets small quantities bd rounding us, t fothfirr in liall his goodness if. dried to dry ForSome : persons prefer cooking standing nobl, feat u res. and v.v it upon plates, .UioipugUyIiWeiknbw a lady wajo driealargel beard cpmmandingi ahd re; i igray t i quantities for sale, and:.!.-!!!was 9,1 pictures tut spec . me. that I shall never forget it .ilf I were money pesiues majuu '.but it , ' use. to an should it, I artist try,: paint; Tbis year there is an,nnusuai sreic 01 an ' . would be impossible-to- l paint the grateful kinds of fruits, and dried corn will no doubt be ia r heartsind he;;nobIflhtaoughts jthat? filled good demand. The lidy rcierrea to aiso iniorms us that she saves all the : water: ia which she boils such:a to: and Wo aJl wopt PP Lake Mary little-yeaand a few hops l the corn, and with a :! to ; to in order, I she . makaa d get. lovely pigMI pqyer.saw; al very goodr articld r. of ;; the lakej we ja$ax through a largo grovey-orbeerp which answers forj.the.eni when working ahVli forest jpf: talln pinps'or: straight j high; fin the .harvest field,: aniismuehtbettefiorlthfim:: ithey seepmost tojireach.to tbe'skyvand n I than a'stronger drink.! V y,v4:viliiu Lairil'&ntix we .fancy they say jto usl poor littlo frail; bo U J .' i;fll Ings below,. ffWe'.rq nearer' to heaven thadr: ' you." The lovliest grass and flowers covet r. HYGIENIC the earth underneath the trees; can y pu im. 1 , agine a murFcEarming picture? , . r J : s, Am ft.-- , : y v ' t '"' itr. COTTONWOOD ! A- -- - -- Knn f y . - no . 1 very beautiful, of course, when seen from what: seemed to hav:been originally intended for the ; summit xf a valleyi1 but'1 which become very monotonous; dreary aric!:.;. tiresome when you are; bbnged id ride pYe? them in a wagon, yourhead all the while i wiug iu tiuiuiurui uaUKCI Ul U1UW liUlLl the wagon bows when passing over some of tho boulders on the road, which, the same, are "like unto the sands on the 'seashore.n Yesterday, however, we passed through a"' series of canons, some-versmall, but all very beautiful, in which were many beautiful groves of quaking asps", pines and""bal-sam- black or charrpd -- a nnpji r , 1 L and instead of having beautiful valleys'and1 deep callous and deeper streams every once in a wliile, it is . nothing but a succession of rolling hills, with ; small canons bursting into view on all sides. These raro . 'Midnighthas many itimessidce' found' me wakefulbdt never agaia for 3ts6wticsak(j. sick huwatchedovecWithutenaerne83,' sleeplessness .with ; Utits train f Df thought argument, andimagery ilMxy 8ummer moonlight nights Irrigating, the garden, all have many times brought to me tho midnight hour, each different from the first I had beheld. tv . was awakened at mid-- ;"Kotyong ago I n i ght the moon was" shining In her beauty,-bringing out thclights and shadows Ot; the Ictens , trees, "the- thirdsirf wero "slhging; cr6wing, dogOYbarkihg and people talking, which' niado up amtdnfglt hotir heretofore :unkpOfwnar Dixie midnight,; in striking: contrast to theiiche'erlels. dFearyJirildnightr 'lbm mv' -L of smy cHildhol. . z was satisfied. JA . We have seen a great deal, and yet not much, (with the exception of Ogden Cafion,) until yesterday, that is worth .mentioning; what appeared to me as the most striking ODjeci in uguen uanon was a very mrgu rock; this you encounter shortly after entering the cafipnj and it extends on cither side of the river for some two or three blocks in length, commencing very, abrupt-,,- : Tf 1Q nn1 nam r n t n in n lll'n uuuua OntlOt jy auu iciuiiuituug iu a the largest rock I ever saw, and it reaches from the base of the mountain to its summit in an unbroken range. The strata is I very:plainrii.7:Xrom;;the?tPjp to, the basej at an angle of about forty.soven and a half degrees; the strata? being. "discernible" by the earth having been washed out" and leaving in many places a space of four or r six inches between the layer, The wonder often is why they donft iajion topi ofjono another in one' huge mass.? The scenes of yesterday, however, ;a2brded ;t me more r pleasure than 'anything hereiolbro'on the trip. 7 The Ust two daystravel'was the tops of the - Wasatch mountains, and f; the oddest country3Ts; too Ali you caiivt imagine is that Nature started out with the I seen a midnight hour I " -- I ilet-mGsta- y 2nigynaperd.Il dow, drew aside ithei; curtain, and looked out. I saw nothing unusuala dark, cheerless night alono greeted ray vision; but the simple word midnight and theunusuaL - stillness pervading the: atmosphere; gavei me a feeling of txot jLUftcflooklng'Vut a short time in silencBxitDrned; fiway and willingly resigned ic?isclf j.6 hd: sweet Influence of sleeprXhad Seen morning hours, when gladly 1 .had arisen to behold tho star- gemmed skyiri 'tirflltaiicy and fcjeautyi sbed-- p ding-sof- t light! aroundP Vii&d beheld the witching hout'ofreveningradiaht'lnUho glory of a full moon, but never before had -- i To this VeTreplr xesl1 J But tKere'aro 'reasons why wbman:Wellf wv Uillkue ouwuikt ibMiu, 4uailUUyi lyiuwau, rliiV;Knn 1rtwsf I 1 li'-- ;irinrn-jiTi- '- -' V"'.' iTiA4tt9.fnn d " ' fnU" 9lft" t'V,.tl ii'Jiii ij.l; It is more lucraUremeuical 'fee&re ' ; , much . ii;l:A'li ldgherthannursesrecs; the cairof the ''sick at allioura of thediy or night The labor of a prdfessionai Jlo 3.what rseMrarj;., is generally bibwn j exposes tid to' mrich ' uiub via ai svud i u lyoiciu ; delicate thinrsboV.isoL .Moof thVlrrdelicite 4iu&. Morki ;if:it: t j iimae!icateii KM WWJfflek' the order of a physician against than5 rWe hrVe no4 tor f wrreett ptusylmttieslre the other; u It is only castbm some people think so. yonls'r tii "iniptt;, ;that" makes " "Herald of Health.'? :. ' 