THE beauty . into the chumah ' 'souL Kature has groaned; as it were, with the heavy weight of - Mcorn and oil,'? and the sheaves of grain arei .full to bursting; nfadth'e wine gusnes with' ful- t n c?s from th e press, an d th e lanti oAerflbws w i tlr the bounty- of the 'harvest of all earth's pro:f ; -- WOMAN'S-EXPONEN- T: DJIMELIXE B. WEtM, " .j- - ..: ,i . I taries of Societies who have been engaged in Storing Grain for Zion jjWill please report as soon as possible by letter to the President .of Central Committee, the amount of grain they have onhand, hbwjt isstp is lprkV 'ItC order t heir fulure prospects j n that the. Central Commi ttee may; make a full and clear as well as definite report of all grain stored forZion, and held in trust in the hands of women. A punctual attendance of all the sisters of the Societies in this cify'or hear lo-- 1 . In Salt Lake City,. Utah. PabUsbcd Terms: Om copy one year, $3.00; one copy six montbp,i, for th price of rniae. .Adn;rUsin; ; 1.0(Ten rates; 'f Each square,- - ten lines of nonpareil space, one jr time,' f 30Ch per, inpnth, $3.00. ' X liberal disconnt' to ;; regular adrerU8cnU( ,p-v- r corner South of Temple,. andrirBt Exponent Office,' East Btt ectaf opposite Eagle GateBnelncsB hours from 10 v a.m.; to b p;&;Wery"dayeepl tyandiy1-j : Address aU bWnc'sa communications to ; fftil-viPublisher WoJiAii's Exonentv' ' mu ii-. u Salt Lalce City, Utah. r ; emI-monthl- T 1 y, fea -- - dactsT1 I -- ( . tlbrMimsn. TtieftyJsltamtn shades and coloring; 'and the reflection1 draBes the hills and woods with vjotet and pi(fpleBhadV own; The landscape melldws as the year wanes ! andr'Winter comes apace, 4 a? Jaii ,XJiereis guage jn thelreeU r pas all description; Jpraks forjcjbljjr to'those who possess intuit ion, or susceptibijity 4tp feel the influence that peryades the atmosphereof their locality, and 'seem? to diffuse itself into the very soul of the lover of naturef and pour itself ; forth spontaneouslyjn Mrain9 and.biirstsof enthusiasm that run parallel to the surroundings It is well to devote a l.ittle season to, meditation and reflection, but not allow one's self to merge into gloom, and dwell too much among shad- - i ows, for substance is always preferable to shad- ows, and to plant one's feet on the solid earth is surer footing than' flying off into the clouds, h owover- - al luring t heir ethereal proportions ' ' may appear in t he distance. One is more certain of one's self on tcma firma than in the re gion cf uncertainty.' There ia a pathos iip the i sighing requiem of the departing glory of Au- - X' iumn that falls soothingly upon the fenses, and ' , j ra presses on e wi th a solemn i ty, mi ngjed wJ th, :. ' ; :mm calities, is desired. 15 1877; IJNALmTJMEN "Now garnering grayOctobor's sober gains, . , ... Now Christ mas hollloipilo our loaded wains.? . ... . v vi, ty rr:ttrr o::?r v " ; All poqtsAor poelical prose (not prosy,) writers who are of3tbo descriptive class,who delight to d wel 1 trponTseen ery j seas on i'r b rdsflowe rs Silk. The Deseret Silk Ass Delation jnet at ' the fireman's Hall according to appointment, Mrs. M L Friday, Oct. , 5, k waterfalls,,rivulets and Bunshine.who,assimi r i ilato tbfir sentiments aad subjects to Nature's varied Riflcllangefulihioods, revel in the poetical Inspiration' of; falling ; leaves, faded flow- era, gorgeous color e$ ' forests al I aflame with sumets. beauty, lirowi hills and '"'iBufseethe fading ;f Bhidedeep'iiing over shade, the country round many-loredwo- Home presiding. Mrs, Home was pleased to meet with the Association and to see the interest that was manifested In tbi branch of home industry. f She had done her best while traveling through-th- e settlements in showing the people the of becomiag L in all things. She advised the brethren tp plant out trees and the sisters to raise silk, as they had been called to that mission by our late beloved President Brlgh am Young. Mr. C. Swenson, of Pleasant Grove said he had been very successful in ajuT felt greatly encouraged. lie thought next mere wouia ne a great interest taKen m this branch pf home Industry. Every family that could get the trees i ought to raise some cocoons, especially the farmers. Mr. W. Smith if Bountiful, said be would like very much to 'see the machinery here to work up thp silk when it waaraised and thus . And employment (or children; planted . a a i i i i i oui iwo ijuuutcu trees axiu great uaauj uu tings. The cuttings he had') buried In the' ground had done the best, .They, should be planted about eight inches deepl, v Meeting adjourned undl the first Friday in ' November, at 3 p. m. ne-cessi- i ; rev'erencei that c1 L riches 6ut'lifter;n . silk-raisi- 'grasps' all of the Infinite with which nature, h ,her teem-- : lng luxuriance, at this teasori abounds. r; : , The'deathlo an winU: j late in the autumn is styleii the funeralf the year,it has heen,l)pm In its characteristic sense, . has Wen fQntlled and daudled in jtharms of Spring, has developed Jnf q beauty .under the : auspices of Summer, ;and;has ripened into fulness of itrength and grown sober and gray with the chilly windi of Autumn and the trees Hgh-itrequiem, and Winter. comes. to grasp with Jts1 firm hold,! and gather in its bosom all that jemalns of beauty 'and fragrance of the passing year, and with' the Chrhtmas Uolidiys make what recompense' it may. for marring the beauty and despoiling the glory of nature's perfection -- and burying it out of be learned sight How many lessons of life may from the sentiments which', the- changes of time involve. ' How many' precftns memories are7 buried with the' fading of the leave?, how ' many hopes are blown' away Regretfully, that we recall iri sympathy, with , the' fluttering leaves and, the" flatting birds? who 'no longer sing asbeforei but'pass to other and jnofe con- ; genial climes. one sown Ilut if has, rgopdseedrin:the;heart, (7 aud treasured up in' ,tlje garner of the mind, :il pur thoughts and, holy jnsniration', theu, by the Winter liflreside, with kindly , nurture, these exquisite gems of true and .genuine worth inay be growing aud strengthening and diffuv ing .ifgbt and imparting to other n carts and other minds a genial warmth; a glowing comfort, that may culminate in a purity and freshness that will bea,utify arid adorn the; life indoors, and choer arid gladden the atmosphere of home, or the surrounding3 of the poor and low! "! ly, and give expression and tone. to the heaven- born charity, which' proierly " liourisheil, fills the human soul with joy-coor Spring (i Summer, Autumn or Winter. ftedr, she car- finlaiis ihiDavghi&r of ries offi the palm vilh dignity in royal style,' "'is . re- The year lias reached Its "maturity r and ceiving t)ie crjQjvii jpf ;its glory ,44he luscfous fruits of vine , and lreej"rtie fields of ripened grain gathered It with the sickle, and gleaned by the reapers, the bundles strewed or stacked, stretcbing afar Jn the distance gladden the eye and convey to the eoul the idea of abund- ar i , , ', . 1 c? 1 1 cold-nef- 1 V lately crowutut wjiii me yjiui beauty iin1tfW,'ittho;c e niraiu- ot Autnnm'a Wf Jd swept o'er the hill, V'TAnd winter's breath comes cold and chill. 1 1 . Th , ? Although we must confess to alingeriug love i. for Spring and Bummer, yet 'Autumn with its pensive evening twilights, its 'melancholy Badnessl,, its rustle and flutter of dry leaves, has something peculiarly akin to poetical sentiment,' and also really"seem9 congenial, and in sympathy with-'This f caspn may well lie termed moody in more respects jhan One,Tor it.Tcbauges almost daily, iJ, iVUVUUU vv i .i u i kuyvi UjljJI 0 j Spring la in Aprlljanu the mood pf persona l rMliig mootiliglit' night, lnfute their-qui- et : . me 1 ? - Simpson, Secretary.. The LobAN Temple. The ceremonies of laying the corner stone of the Logan Temple, took place oif Monday, Sept. 17, and was of a most impressive character." President John Taylor wi;h several cf ; the Twelve Apostle?, Counselor D. H. Wells, several Presidents of Seventies also pf High, Priests, Presiding Bishop, Ed)vard- - Hunter: and his counselors and clerk, and Presidency of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion were present. .There' were also maDy of the authorities of Weoer and Cox Elder Slakes, t and the local authorities of Cacne, . County and thousands W peopVe weie present.-;to witness the ceremony. There was a band of njus 1c in attendance aDd thei compaDy was formed in prjcesion according o prognninie arranged for the occasion. ; The .south east corner stone was first jlaiu. t4ybis, s',ppeM rv h ich. by ;the Apostles, th e sou next.ln, order was laid by the Presiding Bishop, h is ;am nselors r'andj iheTpresIdents of the leaser pi h stiiord and Bishops of Stakes.! The nofin-wes- i comer wasjaiu ny ine i jw-- . of High Priests and the presidents ti IZn -- . ; : , - , , 1 h-w- es 3 v ... coiw Biases: ine Tiorm-cawas laid byi the Pxsldents 'of Seventies and - auu-oiiif- r si 1 each'corner the ceremony consist- , ed of si ngi ng a hymn,1 an' i appropriate ad lreSf, v and -- prayer of deilIca'tiony, ' The '"dedicatory : prayers were 'offered byl Apbstld 'B-'K-I ards, Aiders I W. 'Hardy;' Moaes Thatcher Elders-ViA- ; hangs pDithe saine equivocal .vicissitudes. ; u if;.,fi Autumn does seem peculiarly appropriate for meditation and reflection, the "sear arid yellow leaf', the fading of ?the day's sweet flight," and amber and the gray shadows of the-coo- t- 1 t i f. , 't. , ance. jThe golden yellow com in ear, nnd all the tarietitslpf the Vegetable kingdom, im- - ... press 6ne with a sense of fulness, of complete-nesa, 'and seemvthe Similitude of earth's . : wreath of victory' and rejoicing?: Autumn even in her triumph Is th pfccur?- - 1 or of domt it the cold burial 'of hopes, of all j that.Wai fresh and green and beautiful in the steni liard jrelentless winter, the ?; grave-o- f s moharcli 'of f 1 V paV P tt i 6"ni es wi t Ii icy and crufches tho life from out tho heart of 1 ne-had- s , ' - ; f ng j-e- , Autumn in the poets nomenclature is de- -. ty self-sustaini- ng ! royal-purp- le 11 Vice-Preside- nt 5 . - ,. 1 - H- ; ; SALT LAKE ;CITY, :OCT.t .. t , nut; ill There will be an annual meeting of the seV n; erarcommittees on Storing Grain j' at the'Coun- -' cil HctJfe in this city," Satuida,6V. lfth,' at ' " i'ertain t)V a mcst: magnificent 'edifice when. 