WO'HiN'S. EXPONENT. THE ROMAN'S JAJltA. O Tt EE 5f 13 BICIf ABDS, i 1874, which Relief Society in the summer position she filled in a praiseworthy manner. all that the cleverest geniuses have written against the world in general were csmblned, the volume wculu be too massive and ponderous for use," bu i there is a vast amoun t of beauty in' the world, even in nature's world, and noble hearts and noble actions and youth and hope are all around us.' Youth is fleeting but hope is apermanent and reliable characteristic and one which leads us always in pleasant ways, iights up the darkness, of the mind, casting back the shadows that have fallen in one's path and helping one to rise supreme over trifles and doubts on the journey of life. Hope is the companion and twin sister of faith, that faith which is lich in wisdom, and help to all world." weary toilers in this "work-a-d- ay There is no person so perfect but they need strength from all available sources, andjf one can drink in true inspiration from without, it may help to solve, doubtful questions, and en-- , courage to lives of usefulness by opening new avenues of thoughi and feeli ng. One very important requisite on all occasions U good nature; It is good for holidays and it is good to use. Good have a large stock for every-da- y costs nature pays, and it something tooi for constant cultivation of the soil of the heart, and if all persons are not capable of", EXPONENT. AcirAAmori ! . Editors.' In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, 12.00; one copy six months, 1.00. Tea copies for the price of nine. Advertising semi-monthl- rates Each square,. ten lines of - nonpareil space, one time, 13.00; per month, f 3.00. A liberal discount to rcaradTerU6ert.:;;f'i.;::;!; Extent Offlcei cornejr f South . ';..;- - ; Temple, and First East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 r , a.m. to. 5 p, m etery d ay except Sunday. Address ajl ba&inesS communications to Publishers Woman's Exponent, '. : : , ; Salt Lake City, Utah. , SALT LAKE CITY, MAY . 15, 1877. freely -- - . alongone.faneies they babble of, it - e er life-givi- ng mountain-slope- s ., p ; ment ", .'. : To us the Spring brings many pleating re- membrances, many happy leranlsicences of days gushing over with the enthusiasm of love for nature's., wildest haunts,.rlts: dreamiest nooks, its most enchantiDg Imagery. All these are ways of pleasantness, and if the spirit' of content be strong In one, the way to be good is t that everybody so plain -- and knows it, therefore it is not entertaining. If , old-fashion- ed : are now living; she had 'filletf vyith dignity thi office of teachc r .in the Jlelief Society for a number of years;r and ; had proved herself worthy of example In polygamy. Wo know she is now better off 'yet' xannbt. but. feel the , los of her society. Bride also departed this life, after haying lived fourth year. Her friends felt more likeTejoic- filled up her days in usefulness and with honor, and for come time she had prayed that the change might take place. She was one of the first settlers of Farmingtcn. ard died as she Saint had Jived, a faithful Latter-da- y Com. Iif. coNSFQUExeRTof tho two-di- y meeting i held May 12th and 13th, the General' Retrench : . 1 21,1877, of dropsy, Eliza, wife of Joseph Hon- '' C3S.: 'v.::.:j (. Deceased ras born iu the, year 1803, "An the Polish.cXNjBwJjigJon County of.Kent, Eng- . : .... . - prea-en- t, - T land, Received the Go?pel inl8l2, and re mained in full faith until her death. During her lingering Illness she manifested that pa tience, and implicit faith in a, Diyino Power, which characteiized her whole life.- She leaves a husband and family of children, and a of friends to mourn her loss. i DrEDi At Harrlsvllle, of small pox, Jan. 17 1S77; Sarah Jane,, daughter of John M., and Louisa A. Brown, and wife 'of S.F. Wilson; born In Ogdeu City Utah;Iiyl23,,i8o5. .was iota in the church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints; was baptized when eight years old; she, was married to S. F: Wilson Dec 12, 1870, and was appointed teacher of the ment Meeting in the Fourteenth VVard which would have convened, on the- 12th was postponed until the next regular meeting day, Sat urday, May 23th, when It is luped the sisters will ass?mb'e with retiewed ardor and spiritual : ' strength. Tnis present number pomplelei 4be fifth volume of the WpiiAN's Expokest. We fully intended making some change In the'slze ana appeatance of the paper.whiclr wemostheirtl ly desire.to do, but are entirely unable at unkss subscriptions cmne in more quickly than we have any reason to anticTpate, Judging from the delinquencies of the pasl year. The women of -- Utah certainly shoulii'1 sustain, thelrrown paper, and If they do notj theyJ4 serve to be misrepresent d by their ehemi aoroaa. ino power is in their own nana v represent themselves in arway that cannot be misunderstood. The paper is now havlpg a wide circulation and tbb wbild already begin to see that Mormon, women have an orportu: itlty; to yxprejiXheiryJwV on :all Subjects M - Died: In Centervilje, Davis County, Jan. : ..." ..' a short illness, Mrs. Lucy Ilobinjaon, iwife .of; Oliver L. Robinfon, (now on' a mission to the W. and 'Elvira States,) and daughter of Henry ' Miller of St George. ; Mrs. Robinson was foity years of age and HOME AFFAIRS. ; ' Com. Died: In Farmingfonf .prtlzSO, 1877after ' . out-do- or - ! . e, - - -- ' with their reflection in palo purple and blue, shimmering; leaf and with blended golden green. flower and tree-toMust not all this beauty have its ' effect upon the sensefc? Bringing always its own peculiar trninof pleasant associations' in the mind, dif-fused with light and warmth and vigor, Ira- parted by the outward presence of the truly s natural and beautiful, acting "upon the suscep- -' tiblo imagination. Plans' for useful1 labor for i Dastime and enioymenU begin to'' contrast with similar cciies" and be formed, and episodes in thelTasL rnyoluhtarilymem. ory calls lip what lasteasonraflorded of pleasure and Joy, and ihe experience it brought, of how best to economize all things to make cap- - ' ital out of the smallest resources, for enjoy- - , - . , the. . . ; hon-or'phiu- as-if- great achievements they may possess themselves of this attribute 'which will yield them . happiness in bpuntiful proportion to the seed, sown. Good nature is a, virtue for it is the" best nurturerof kind feelings. Constant brav- - L ery in all little trials and crosses, thankfulness for all favors, and such culture of heart as can endure the hardest lessons of life without murium Irig are worth the attention of all who aspire to genuine goodness. If to good nature one adds the desire to please others and , do good to those who need help or kind attention, then indeed will it lead to ways of pleasantneis; and whatever changes come, like to Mrs, Hannah More's "Shepherd of Salisbury Plain,? sunshine Will bring beauty, and clouds the fatness of the earth." Every day will be a holiday then and all seasons will produce their relative pleasure?. This would make true philosophers of men and women and add materially to human happiness in the aggregate; One cannot but ft el impressed with the Wea that this beautiful world, so full of eveiythlng to gladden the eye and give zest to earth-lifwas, not formed and created with so much care andv wisdom and 'manifest forethought, for poor mortal' to grumble at as they partake of its. ' life giving elements and bask in the sunlight of the countenance of heaven. the prisondife in which cold stern winter had en thralled tbem. f The glorious sunshine regener ates everything which iwt.&P9niotbny producing vegetable life and bringing forth in . profusion every where, grasses and flowers, leaf and shrubbery, but the human body receiving a portion of, its penetrating and invigorating rays, is imbued with frcehnos, elasticity and vigor. The birds returning again from their southern tour are caroling sweet melodies, as if thelf anthems of praise were uttered for all and anticipations animatercatipnJ!Tljou the" in rich profusion come with spring-timtoo. Many writers have indulged in ridiculing the various odes, poems, compositions and essays upon Spring; but the 'mind bubbles over with its effusions at this season of the year because of Its kinship to all animate' nature; and feeling that the season is one propitious in the effervescing of ideas congenial and conducive to their rhymtli, it is but jaatural to dedicate to this Gpdes3 of Spring suitable tributes in : pewer and strength. She is also- the herald of Summer with its wealth of beauty.and ways of .pleasantness; its -- r wno , it-ne- eds it were, fruthfuXles-- J glad waters have fetter?, and as they flo w butihelrice-boun- d m , Spring has come" again with its buds and prbmleeY revealing as sons f the Inflhitee-T- ne 1 kind and. benevolent to therslckaptj poor and . . friendly to all. She leares her husband,' three Children, mother, brothers and sisters'.to mourn her departure, and who feel tho loss f an affectionate daughter, wife, mother and sister. She lived a virtuous and honest (llf,e,. and died in going to sleep, aud ; in the faith peace and hope of a glerioua resurrecteon.- For she had a testimony that Joseph Smith wii? a true prophet, for herself and not .doubting, for she saw him in a vision. r Associations of aturb, her ways of pleasantness. IdplsomsaW and 1 ! : Published iiv Kit 'Willi nucw I u n I ve rsal ; In t eres 1 111Z1 The following paragraph Js part of a fromLogari to cue of our sisters.) letter-writte- "f . , - e large-circl- v Da-cease- d to perhaps will bo of interest to yon hear from our Bocfety. which .was jreorganh? in Dev last,; by yourself and others. happy tostate that there has been a disposition, manifested amprjgthe'youhgl.ladie' to ek more; atrL the - things pertaining to thf kingdom of God ince than : beferev-'W- e have, enrolled the names of one hundred ?a. i Our -- 'deairr s are lb be; eleven members- moro energetic In the future than-wha"' been in the past, and assist in the "great wors It ; . e , , 