WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 180 -- M JLULA;qBEE3fE RICHARDS, . XHfltliC Jl. ITJEIXS.! r lit rablished .Wc.,, V' Editors. , did you dome?LJThey were happy without you; this cify w which infest it tww,1 ere yolttame; 3bipep-- pie wereJdaiitl - capablelqf maintainlDg ;,. In Salt Lake City;- VUJil Term?: ,One eppy one, year,, $2.00; one copy eix months, semi-monthl- y, - i. themselyW tnd .opening upt Qdntiualjr: iieV facilities an abodes; of peace;' and coutentment;, their jChil- -j dren, were taught toi reverence Ood anil hot pro- -' fan His" holy name. How is it to;day, under the I; influence of the outside element of the; civiiizatien of the nineteenth century? Veryj different indeed. !: The Mormons left their homes In Ohio, In Missouri, in Illinois; they bid adieu to their friends, and ' for their religion traversed the desert wilds, giving up all they had heretofore held dear in the world , They planted towns and villages on their way, that have since grbwn.and flourished, and, been converted into home8rfor thousands of people. They came to this barren, desolate country, where po, white man had ever lived, came here with their little helpless ones, and commenced anew. Women and children will not hold their peace and see their,righfs again" jeopard woman will be lifted against you who are seek- Ing their, destruction. Let them alone, leave them to themselves. Far better would it be for : you to hide your heads in shame, and seek in all humility to make reparations for the wrongs already done this" people7thari to seek to stir , up strife and hatred against them. "What class of men are ye that are thus howling and raging? " Verily the heathen "rage ahd the people imagine a vain thing. . Are ye men who fear Gody and dare ' men and innocentchlldren. "Vengeance is mine gal th the Xoid,Mhave you forgotten these words, or do you not acknowledge the words of God? Remember that in this day and age it is so ordained, that women speak and represent theirown cause. The women of Utah atb abundantly able to represent the causeihey have, pousedt and they will, and who shall hinder them? The, Mor mon women hayeibeen misrepres.ent'ed, and have suffered reproach and. calumnjes without having the means to contradict them; but now, thanks to the liberality of the age as regards woman, she is permitted to have a voice iri her own affairs and represent her own caue. TJie Mormon women are the ones' who are engaged in solving some of the most intricate social and moral problems, and it would be wise if the world could have the patience to.wait and see the result. - The Mormon women trust in God, they have Implicit faith in His promises; they are sincere ' and earnest in living practical lives, they are capable of great tbey believe God' has spoken, and, true to the divinity of their natures,' they-arready to honor1 Him and obey His commandments. How mistaken the world are,1 when they Mormon women : 1 n: bondage to men. -There is no greater; freedom than the Gospel gives to woman. And it is this that makes Mormon women' conscious.. of their power! They have suffered: ahd become strong; expe rlence has matured themr aniL glvenlih higtier order of attainment thau a jtqiere men- tal educatiohrj Have not the enemies of this people caused suffering enough to women , and children? , Have not the hardships already ' times past, the recital of which; has cften'brought'tears from the 'eyes of strangers, : f given you sufficient evidence that you cannot eradicate from this people the principles for which they have endured so much? ; Let them - alone; If they are wrong, time will eventually . show them' the error; if are they' right, how all are vain your efforts. The charity which" the Saviour taught would not admit of this I Zl bitter spirit of animosity. God is for the weakrHe defends ihe Innocent . L He.wlllnotlnJKpsejwfi ve aismayeu; uesiaea xxv uw bci. up rt is kingdom never to, ; be thrown down. The women are the majority in the land; they will not let their claims to justice arid the rights of citizen-shi- p be ruthlesjy set Mlde., God tfqr woman: he ever has beep;' Jesus revealed Himself to woman after His resurrection.1 Woman in this ge haw suffered tonpb.auililce mtb Sarah, some have "gi ven to G ih Orifice their hear ing, and God will remember them, Ceae to persecute the saints of God; for if you do not God will come' but from. His bidlng-plucand will : ! . tliaf factf; 'par inontl:'2 : ' . ! from 10 EastiUcctoppwlteEagloG tvmi to' 6 p.m. every 'day except Sunday, if 'w. , Addreas all biUBlnees 'communication to f-Publishers Woman's Exponent, "." i f: '; LltiiktyiXJtah. vexwio uauons. x vu itujuk, ine juormons an insignificant body of people; they are mighty in spirit, and their women are united in one grand solid phalanx to help build lip Zibn, to sustain their own institutions educational an l social, and wo be to him who dares to lift his hand against Zion. . ; u REVERIES 'OF A WOMAN, 3raBalweif; ak guift? men,' thn bear . , to cei the Hywfs; cut ..LTtifptfff$VBi witfr whisperings; sell to gaping suitors , Mtm'j tiroat The empty smoke that flies about a palace." - " Smile and betra y Perchance some one, reads this title and BpSrophJzet UiifcOme love tale" long past. i ecalled by a winters. Are to inTnse the fancy. meiQmls6DteaTe You rneyer cxe, Women's reverie? are often prophetic, as well as. their dreams, and there. is more in them . . . than some; people give them credit Ing. But to :comej back to the subject. '.'The , times ;aro' out of joiBV? go it. would seem, as mucnow iosriWbettf Shakespeare lived (and. mere truly than many Shakespeare lives y living men)?for.mciL rave madly of blood and ruin and desolation, without counting the cost l it i would" be wiser if; their reveries were more sober. Assuredly they must, be i Jfbr-.know- -. .to-da- - ' dreaminWbenTmen and Vleiolitioii i . It concoct7schemesof-rai- n they should consider : ; not matter to eek'td disfran aVasY chise body of ropleV whose worst fault Is ttiafcthejr have been prosered'and become a power in the lanff; who hkVe wrested ihe tlesert larks', from thlr barreAnessand by assiduous toil have overconie almost sp pethuman difflcul-tle- si X)riyen iout ttom ciyilizatjon J' the Latter- ' day, Balnts crossed "the sandy ptato aniidst savages'and wUd beasts, women ;and children too, encountering eyery peril with the courage ndrdUmtof, 'owpprim-- , fathers. ;whcne def cendants many of , them were and fox what? That they might seek out an abiding place, where, free from molestation of their enemies, they might dwell In peace and gather; around Is1 a7 trifling ' - : ; A d " d r beseech Congress wilh tenlthousand lies' In thel r raoutliT4w1pirbutrtM If It roust be dorie at ihepoint of the bayonet-Gentlem-cil if such 'you be, if you have human blood in yourVeinsVby all that you hold sacred, stop, before you. g9 .further. Why do you seek the li ves of this people? What would you with.them? Have you not come here and fouiid homes? 'Have you any injustice to complain of at the hands of this people, whom you so .'foully .'abuse' Jahd ; misrepresent? AYhy areJ in oth-e- r you here? Vas there not room for you ' Was territorits? and states there not Ecope, i for your marvelous imaginations? If this people aro's'o low, so mieerable, so degraded, why -- President Brigham Young will be glad to know he arrived at home safe and welli? - The Presl dent has preached 'several times on : the way; The party spent Sunday at Richfield, where they held meetings. Presidents Brigham Young, John W. Young, I). H. Wells, Elders J. F. Wells and Charles Burton addressed the congregation. The company arrived at Manti en Tuesday last. The iameaftemoon the brethren visited the hill where it is designed to erect a Temple and held meeting in the evening. President D. H.' Wells and EldereJ, FllWells the people. Wednesday morning held meeting again, President John VV. Young and Elder George GIbbs were ihe "speak ers. At noon they repaired to the Temple site, laid off the ground and dedicated i t, Pre?ident Brigham Young offered the dedicatory, prayer and turned over the first sod; the company then drove on as far as Moroni, where they passed the night, thence direct for home. There has been a vast amount of preaching done during the journey by the First Presidency the Twelve Apostles and by the young Eiden in the interest of the YvM. M. I. Association. Thesisters who went south have also spoken in the Relief Societies in many of the settlements There is the tame gool feeling expressed by each and every one in; referring to tba Temple and the Conference. And to the beloved President of this, people and his party we can t heartily say, Welcome, Welcome Home. Mustard. The best quality of mustard can be raised in Utah, it has been sat is factor! ly -- ad-dress- ed .;. self-sacrific- e; e -- -- rep-rese- nt ; ; : . en-dure- AFFAIRSTT" A Speciaj. train left the; city at 6 a. m., Friday, April 27th, with a large party of breth' ren and sisters, to meet President Brigham lYoungand comn y jatvyorky rThey Teturned at half past one p. m., the party eeem univer sally toe in go health a The Latter-da- y Saints and the many friends of - them' their families, and, teach their children the laws of God, and the commandments of to .them. These are their heaven offences. For these things they are now arraigned by judges, who condemn them to the feverest penalties of the law and' self-style- HQME : . ? o gladly recmmendgi Saints to mustard. How absurd for Latter-daimport thousands of pounds of this article when a better quality can be manufactured for home consumption. Brethren and sister raise some mustard and let it be put into the stores for sale. j y din : ; - 1 . s Titb Saxt LakQ ThWtre was opened three nights last week. Miss Adelaide Neilson, celebrated for her, beauty; and! dramatic jartfj1 formed Juliet in 'Romeo and Juliet,'? W' lind InAsyou like It," and Julia In ,rTb0 " 