3- 0TUB WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT: I: OIMELIJVE ? Editor. WELLS, In Salt Lake City, Utah. Published one One Terms:' copy year, 42.00; one copy six months, y of nine. y,AlTcrtfnfiici TMTt-&tW' ten , Each lines 'of ratcsj square nonpareil spaced one , time,; 13.00; per month, $3.00, r, 4k liberal discount to nregular advertisers. j .oiU.tKjav?. clfV'f vf corner onent of South Office, Temple, and First . Exj fours' from 10 ti Business East eett opposite Eagle Gate. IV A.in: to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday., . v rii Address all easiness communications to - ; Poblishers WpMAN's Exponent, seml-roonthly- :, A,. BU ' y: ,' I r;;V;r salt - i. In announcing - " V - 1 - "" .i ' depart rhent of The Woman's Exponent J do ; not feel that I aui bidding its patrons and read-er- a 'a long and sad farewell'but. helper as a contributorf iojtill communicate with them ; ',f '':' V'Vr. occasionally. consideration of the curiosity In i of my7friendsf personal and haps anxiety --oth erwise I a br i ef xplanaUonTf m-ygivec service reasons lor wuuurawing. ironi health is good fortheprent-Myjgener- al but my head and eyes need, recruiting, and I have decided to humor. themnj I have also decided that during the years of my life which may be properly devoted : to the rearing of a family,! Will give my special attention to that most important branch..; of 'Home Industry." Not that my interest in the public Weal is diminishing, or that I think the best season of a. woman's life should be completely absorbed in her domestic duties. 'k But every i reflecting mother, and overy true philanthropist, can see the happy (medium Cbetween being selfishly home bound, and foolishly public spirited. At least, I see the interjacesce of which I speak, and believe there is wisdom in choosing it. I am content to give up all claim to the to be'released from further responsibility concerning it, knowing as I do, that I mV-,.A leaveit in good bands.- ';, In conclusion, I will say to my sisters old and young, let ' us subscribe for and write to oar litUe paper. llet us aid all we can to make it more and nioro interesting5 anii successful 'in t " performing its1 palsIon. ; : ; , :- - - -- ; ? Thursday morning, July President and Young and a select party of brethren : to attend went to Ogdeh by special train, a meeting,' in the Ogden albernaclepof the Relief Societies 'of Weber Cor The Tabernacle was crowded to overflowingthe congrega- ; nd ' TO PERSONAL FRIENDS. A second little daughter, was born to me on 'iWe namJber the 24th of Juhebf this biest with her VsWeet,,; Mabel, Greerief jl?was happy presence; only, three weefea and tbre days. y Although to all appearance strong and healthy from the first, she left, us on the 18th of July, afrer a few hours' suffering, to join heF sister aud other blessed associates id the t LABOR, FOR ZION. To-I)A.- Ike a ., ; Labor for Zlon should bo, the motto of all h yi " . who have enlisted under the banner of the Everlakiug Gospel. This work should include all labor temporal and spiritual, and is both iudividual aud general. Wnile Jaboriug for one is at.ainlng to his Or her own Zlon exaltatloQMvlth the ionumerable hosts cf Z loo's workers iu former and latter dajs. - The terrible exi&ting state of things at the present time In thl, tho land of free gbvern-ji- i ment, is indicative of the gieat calamities that: $ to-.th- Lula Greene Richards. tf, Lxjla. ? f -- spirit world. left Salt Lake City fur England July 18, and sailed from New York for Liverpool, July 31. He has gone thither: to superintend the publishing of the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants in the Phonetic Alphabet, which is about to be intro' V ; duced into general use in Utah. At this warm season of the year, bathing is a most healthful and delightful recreation." Bait Lake is preferable to any other place of resort , and there Is every facility now to make it plea- Western Rail-- ; gantnd practicableJTbe ' Utah as to stilt Jall ; road have so arranged jhe; Urne; who may be anxious to avail themselves of the and exhijir- opportunity of these recuperating ' ' X . ating baths. Wet wish to call the attention of the sisters e Woolen ' Batting' now for sale; at the Woman's Commission House, which; is preferable to cotton for all uses on account of its being lighter, and puffy in appearance;, also the New Zealand Flax seed, which should be thoroughly tested here,as it is very necessary to have some home material for summer clothing.' July 27, we had a pJeaTantcall from Elders Martin Lenzi and Rulon S. Weljs, re turned missionaries. They left Bait City almost directto and proceeded r Oct, 61875, 'Berne. Switzerland,' by way otv Liverpool.' ' They have labored durinir their absence in the Swis and German Mission, and have enjoyed their labors exceedingly They gate us some ; entertaining accoupts of thatpctorefquecoun- try, so celebrated !for Its beautiful mountain and ; lake scenery Br Lenzi visited the place of his birth in the village of Wallbach, Canton of Aargau, Switzerland. In. the very house? where hie wan born he . feasted upon grapes which grew upon Its wallhe roamed over th.e farm and through the gardens and forests which were once bis childhood's hn'me. This" little village is about one hundred miles north- east from Berne, and is In full view of tlae Black Forest of Germany. Wo are pleastd to'' ? ; ' Pratt -- : r HOME AFFAIRS, F.t.dkr Orson -- Expo-NBNTa- . ; . : -- . ' ; -- I ? : I 10 tb, s-t- , -- V jpTcsnlnia'1' into this. .valley, July 24ththiity yean Mnce was a complete success, a The music was grand and inspiring; the songs were rendered with spirit and feeling, harmonizing with the occa sion. President B. Young addressed the congregation; giving them some , items of church history from its first organization The Ruineot ..JCtotJageby BMcKenzie, was .touching, and eloquently rendered. An address written by. , Miss LEsJ.JnowwMr' "given by Cfeorge F. Anderson, who acquitted himself admirably on the occasion. The Tabernacle was elaborately decorated witji iao wem and evergreens the thousands of children, with pleasant faees and glad voices, singing praises and rejoicing, was truly animating. Truly the saints have reason to rejoice in the blessings of God Upton tbeir labors, in converting .the desert into a choice and fruitful garden, whe0 bloom the fairest flowers in profusion, and children "full as it can hold," and peace and prosperity crown their days. - '' - of the anniversaryoflXEe , imyVjexit fram the editorial , The Grand Sunday School Jubilee in honor ng. ItLaVeOityVUUk: ' ' ! Welf-sUfitalnl- ;7r. " welcome these brethren Jiomejn safer, feeling they have filled their mission honorably. will and must necessarily precede the " setting up of God's kingdom upon the earth. iAomen professjo have great intuition, to be r- particularly susceptible onrnpfeions aa gards the future; if such , is the case' (and we believe it is) then they should be wise. in time, and be" practical in the movements to become The women of Utah have been counseled to store up grain for Zion, a mission of which" they may Justly mission such as women never before we think received at any time upon the earth. And" now that the harvest is near, and the fields ripening, it is time to take into wise consideration what can be done to carry ou t this counsel, and make careful and judicious preparation for; the future. Parties, of ladies could be formed for the especial purpose of gleaning after the reapers. These ;might be made par-- ticularly pleasant, as well as profitable, if:th sisters entered into it with f that zeal and en tl thusiasm they do into excursions merely for recreation. Of course the sisters would underT" stand that leave must be obtained from own-- r ers of fields, so that there would be no intru-- . - JrrT sion. .' " " 5':'v: There are very many branches, here in Zion,f of heme work and industries, in which women and might be much more extensively engaged domestic-duties. interested, even without neglecting Women should be quick to compre--4 herid the grea advanlai?es to bo derived from these'home resources, all of which are a part of the Political Economy of Our Mountain Home. ers tion being nearly 'all jfadiesfficera and members of the various Relief Societies; of Weber Co. After the usual - exercisesv President Young arose and: stated that h had expected to hear reports from the different societies, but since his arrival had been informed that the meeting had been rcalled expressly toxreceive. instructions from himself and the brethren. He proceeded to instruct, them upon the subject of health bow; to void ; sickness, ChQ mothers should train their children; counseled mothers to give them early lessons of faith: arid principle; to teach them to belieyelmplicitly in God, and that He takes cognizance of every act of their lives tfeat they are Surrounded by good angels, ministering spirits; and inculcate in thei r hearts and : minds a love of virtne, honesty and truthfulness, and let their exami. pie be in harmony with thelrprecept, and the force of this education would have a bearing upon their whole lives, when::they should go out from under the mother's influence. He designated mothers as the moving iutrument in the hands of Providence to guide the destinies of nations, and exhdted .mothers to teach their children rotto make yaf, but to teach them ? peace; he asked the question, .'f Who gives jthe jkey to ''!iheaiou8'bf;ttie;Vjtb? ,'It g is theT mothers, it !is not the fathe8.,, In advice and counsel on mf nor noinfs he alluded to trifles and small ihj great matters, that 'our'!Jives ire'.U". of Jittle incidents whfeb'' make': one. eA4th?jl,?e Vast expeiience; that the earth itselfwas composed of little grains of sandHe the counsel he jgave the sisters in Regard tutoring up wheat, wUh which he was pleased, anJ spoke earnestly, and emphatically on the': sub ject of making our own hats and bonnels,ftl30 hats for the brethren, and tald; that;,evcn:Ia this one. class of manufacture we could save tens of thousands of dollars; and that tor iave money was more difficult.1 than to earn urgedi upon the slaters the necessity of entering heart and soul into the home 'industries, and to use their 'utmost influence witlt their husbands to have them establish euch institutions and manufactories as would make this ihs instnictlons people Independent -- ; ; '. giv-in- jl , It-- -- -- ; 