82 U.1 B r REPORTS. Wellsville, Cache Co. , Oct. 15. n 7. " We send yon a report of our Ninth Annual r , EA8UEERTREroilTr7 7 7 , bushels. Given to the needy;.. 5710 2G 40 t Given for ReJ House, Cash arid stbre ordr In treasury... 9 65 ief-Societ- .r;iMerphandi8e,",,,"t.. ........ j...... In Cash ftlercan tile StpreV!,,v.M , :itln Corop ReliejC , S tore.. ,f j interest :qn Gl 55 22 50 ..".., ,4 G 00 00 ;:tore...l7 shares, ip;R J;::A good:Tspirit fprevailecbdh .the meeting. tvo areisirjving-- jaj un'.;someiiung , lor. me cause of Zion and the Ira ore united) we are tho moro good wo can do. iWewere rvisit .( . -- with the grasshoppers ithis" yearj but ex- ' si pcct lOTesponu 10; ino- counsel oi our late and esteemed President Brigham. Young, and "do napj-- in storing up grain another season. Our sincere prayer is.for the pros, Qfzioh institutions aijd ferity urlloilre is.Wbblio-worker- s in hfer eUterT Wb read; the xppnent with inpHseS " terest, Lucy EHAsiAM, Sec'y. fedr Jt A-- J m M . a - e , inlhjer Treas. Elizabeth MauGtian; r - .ii PIUNGVlLLE,-Oct- Editor . 2nd,1877. OExiNENtr; Iill'i: Ever feeling desirous to mingle our our sister Voiced, and' unite pur efforts-With- ' We'the Relief Society of Spring! societies,; Grille send few li hes. We are trying to do all in our power to help the cause of truth, to minister toVthe wants of 'the poor, and the needy among, lis,' to help to build Temples, and in ourleeble1 way assist i n every good work. The exponent is ever a welcome messenger amori us, and whllaireadlng the many, Li n'teresting ac counts of the various "works in home industries, the silk, culture, and: other de-- . partmen ts, in th e d ifferen t socie ti es we feel to renew our diligence in, relation to overy thing towards practically sustain ,ing ourselves; and, eel like asking our Heavenly Father to hasten the day wKen Saints are ' entirely free, :thotterday" when the last fetters snail bo loosed that 1 7 ' ; : you--these -- ' al-wa- '. bind4 us to Babylon. .;. Wo remain your sisters in J V ' ; ys. the Gospel, Maiiy E. WniTiNG, Sec'y. Mary. Bate, Assistant Sec'y. REPblrf OEFlRST WARD SPECIAL ! ; : a MEETING ASSOCIATION. Continued. -' - '. ji- t-- Elder Wilford Woodruff: "I feel willing to answer to the call of , the sisters to make aew remarks on this; occasionf for :it is a sutrject thattl feel greatly interested in, because I feel that it will have a good result. The Relief Societies have had their growth, and the Mutual Improvement Associations -- have the same experience before them, and am satisfied that a great deal of good will ;I resul t from these Associations; every person has an.influence either for good or evil. The Relief Societies wero organized by Jo. seph Smltli, and a reat deal of responsibil." ;sh6uld include ity rests upon them., TJiey - r every motherin Israel. Tho Young Ladies Improvement Association should include e very young lady in Xsra'eland the young' Men's: Improvement Associations "should include every young ' man in Israel. Ttic'ro are responsibilities resting upon the sisters in many things, that it would bo 1m- 5 , : I was very 7 much pleased with a few remarks of Sister Zina's, and l feel toiback up the sentiments she has expressed in regard to dress; the sister that has got independence of mind enough to walk these streets plain modest dress,rhas got someting to be proud sisters ' can- have some of, and certainly-th- e influence in regard to f ashionsi and I hope will have a thetimproYementnssocw -- fnece.WH to be supWeOy ailon for Babvloh is ecu great i -- are uorrucqunejaeiiie Instituting srmSvJ.tmfdirigi hatrmak,ing;andi uio many other Industries' that' 'are Very com- mendable r The. young Have got to take our places for tho old are passingjiyay and I pray God td'Mess yye$ylepjttL'fQr- good. We are going to .havea, famine, and if I had half ajmUUon p;d6liars I woUlid buy store up aty theKwfte.at; I. ooiiH "wi it ij'myl reMted hi? tlfi Ioryopdruffj $J. effecting a reexperience at. formation among the yourigi The young ladjies should nptr juvve their , minds fulf of tlfitnd St.-XJe'org- e an4,P'8QW hovels )&gl& to feel th Onipprf anceot tiqtMi) j5pgs.;V TliefIs a great work rest! qg upon us tenpbfally and s'pirittf5ny TheroTPphjrtn lars in ,lhe air fhjat can He brought, forth in canmajeVnot only what we silk, want'io'wearljut.; pQP$ jxport, agreat deal, arid the streets 'snJipm aiid .should all be ande fulll)rinujryrees full of ihsprmfion;an hheUYnS arc f Preslclerii Young livput ed to spe1 Temple' dedicated to . God a2rid he airain.istred;;iu r it. 'M spot for other temples ai'd, everything in order in the cliurcii.' ; Let " uVhetp build jthese Jemples for there are thousands. of peoptdtfiaican. riot.be liberated Until some one does lh' e work- - for, them. ; ' We,, cannot afford to 6ho our sal vatioh the tfii ngs of l)iislJvorW.;iid wliaUver you lean1 do in iiit-su&&wiauoua,4wiu , De creaitea 10 you un-jjie,fealnis.f- , Jejdihe ; ' :r ; and wiU'e6vHe wani.;; I. 'feel to say God bess' you, ii'nd:GQ(j bless1 these sis-ters'th- ar visiting you r, the'arcln- ifrsji). Ajodruff:4::'am at - pleased to see you gapierpd 'togeVher as yQU1ajfe.or.,ft good purpose, and l.fepi to say toyoujbp diligent, . , bo iaiihfulnd fstriyo to- heip,i( j't'is; only In a little.degreef towards building the tem- ples, and way: tho teachings tlat we have received tp day sink deepintp your hearts and do you good. Gpd bless ybu, .inen. Mrs. Zina Williams. I feel that .your little association here is in a very flourishing condition, arid is doing jmhgoocU' -- heii ;ypung Xsejhe socia ti ons and thbgu9 mo of going, jnto an;orchad we .Hnii some ; trees that are filled with verdure.and'ap? pear beautiful to the eyVr(",'btwen;;fe come to examine them, there is notruit Jon them, but those who attend these meetings "are like those' trees wh fell are .filled Willi fruit. I pray God tojbless us. that we may bo bright arid shining lights inlhe! kingdom ' : ;; ' ' v. of.heaven:: ... .T. Mrs. E. ThomasY'fknow that , this is'the church and kingdom 61' God, .arid 1 know I : ! 1 . 1 IT throw down. " God sees and knows all u ii. r tit ictvam ..us iliius aiiu win auuuruing to our work. May God add his blessing my prayer. Mrs. Martha Young: In regard to the fashions, I knowthat it is the rnind and will of God that wo should .dress plainlv t ina - 11 85 Quiiting...x..:;:,?.vv............. 30 Wheat stored 'for zion, - possi bl e for men , to accom pi Ish . Editob Exponent: -- N'S EXPON ENT. W OMA -- - and T wilt' hnriA fhA vnimo' In dips nAt- the fashions thatwershould-hiy.p- p can for building xn. evey cent, that we do all we can tepplesand is &1I for ; in this kingdom for our benefit it both here and hereafte Mrs. E. S. Barney pxhprted .the sisters to do all in their po.wer towards the silk and saidr 'Josejph Smith did a great work, Brigham Young did a greater for he had more time and asslatance, and the Twelve will ido a still greater work, for the snow bail gathers strength as, it rolls. She also made other excellent re inarks on the Church Library and otlie.rsuDject9 of inter. busi-nes- s est. O .. . Ikliss E. R, Snow announced a change in the management the Woman's Store on account of its growth,, ,and stated that it s was not "going:, under" as some : had thought, but was .doing well. Elder Jo 3eph Taylor then expressed his pleasure in meeting with the sisters and hearing their remarks, and gave some very excellent instruction in regard to home manufacture and the duties of. women, and commended the sisters in. the silk business, and in storing up grain. BishopK Joseph Warbbrton endorsed all that had been said. Mado a few remarks in regard to the temple and prayed God to ' bless us. President Mrs. Sarah Graham then made a few closing, remarks, after .Which the ' meeting was adjourned. Amy Adams, Secretary. . NOTES AND NEWS. Apropos op the reported projected, mar. riage of King Alfonso, of Spain, with One of the daughters of the Due de Montpen-sier- , it may be of interest to say something of the Orleans family. This family now consists of 29 individuals. The eldest is thp Due; de Nemours, 63 years old, arid who has four children: (1) The Comte d'Eu, married to the1 daughter of Pedro II., Emperor of Brazil, and has one child. (2) Le Due d'Alencon, born in 1814, married to the; sister of the Empress of Austria, and has two children, the Princess Louise, and the Prince Jean Emmanuel. (3) The Princess Margueriteorn in 1848, married to Prince Czartoryski.1 And (4) The PrincessJBlanche.bornin 1857, Tno Prince do Joinvillef born in 1818, has two children: (1) The 'Princess Francoise, married to her cousin, the Due de Chartres. And (2) the Due dPehthlere, born In 1845. The Due do Aumale has no children. The Due do Montpensier has six children: ': (I) The Princess sabelle; married to the Comie' de Paris. (2) The Princess Amelie. (4) Prince (3);The Princess Chmtine. Ferdinand. (5) ThePrincesa Mercedes, the future Queen of Spaing born 7ln l8G0. And' s, (G) Prince An toine. ; ParlsVbbrnin IuishasJPhilippe Coriite de'" three children: (I) The Princess 1838; Amelier-(-2) Prince' Louis Philippe. And - feel that yOur.hssbciatl6riv lias improved "vcryfmtich jlhcp js; prgiiriiilalibn, I loVe the assoclatlens, of j'Yhe ybiinfe ari'd 'task God to bless this assbcIatI6nand,airorgani-zalion- s that are trying to do good. ' T" ; Mrsv Wf East: Wo; cannot be too thankful for the prlnclplen'of the Gospel, among which plural marriage Is one of the most glorious. The God that we serve is great and mighty, and is able to build up or , ' (3) the princess Helene. 0 Rbbert drleans Due de Chart res,has-fou' children: (1) The Princess MarieV (2) Princo Robert. ; (3)' Prince -- Henri. Arid (4) the : Princess MargaierltQlt , ' y There is besides the Princess Clementine, Duchess of Saxe Coburcr Gothay born in . 