and bread that is well baked, not soft. Do not put your loaf into the oven with a fire hot enough to burn it before It is baked throughout with a slow heat, and let it remain until It is perfectly baked; and I would prefer, for my own eating, each and every loaf to be no thicker than my two hands can you tell how thick they are and I iwould want lhej;ruMjhIck- as my hand. Now for experience. You see I am creeping' up into years; and I have been from my boyhood a person of observation. I have many and many a time said to children when they begged for. the soft bread, that was not baked thoroughly, "Look here; you will not live very long; you will probably come to a premature grave." I have noticed invariably the child that selects the soft bread to be a short lived person. The children that hunt around after the crust and eat it, I have noticed endure, live, and continue to live on. Have you ever noticed this? I have quite aged sisters here; and I ;am talking to many that have Daynes. Essay on. Marriage,: Miss Annie Steed; Song Friendahlpr MlssMirierva Rich-- : ards and Miss Clara Miller; Essay on Home, Miss Minerva Richards, Song, Work Saints Choir. Select reading by Work, by the . Wealthy Richards, an article from the Young ladies Index ed! ted in their society now Miss in Its second VoiamngiVitfOKQjJfie: of fretting, Misses Nellie Clawson; and Eliza Miller. Comic reading by Mr. A. Stayner, Bong and chorus, Darling Mother, Mrs. Dora Robinson. There .were .also, solos by: Prof. Daynes at intervals.. Miss Snow then addressed the assembly on,the subjects, of improvement and cultivation of the 'young, home industries, the different duties and obligations of life,and various practical and spiritual subjects. Mrs. Wells spoke on Storing Grain, and plural marriage, expressed her pleasure in meeting with them, etc. Bishop Hess spoke a few encouraging words, acknowledged Iheiheip the1: societies had been to him; Expressed his pleasure in hearing the minutes and report of the young sisters, and told the young brethren they ought to pattern ; Saints in the year 1843; ' In the 'winter of 1846, r in company with her former husband, Walter and five children, she wentf to! New1 York foJff the purpose of emigrating, with ;ar company of saints who sailed from that port on the 4th of February In the ship Brooklyn Being, disappointed in this; she remained in New York City four years, during which time ; she was left without, a companion. In 1850 she with her children, went to Bt." Louis, Mo. and in Apr 1852, she was marrle'to John G. B. Haynes. She had suffered many privations ' patience .'. and hardships which she bore r witk, ' and fortitude. She emitted . t'q Salt Xake City in the Year, 1854; has- beeu.jamemWr of the ReUef Society of the first organization. She. was. .president of the teachers, always active in the discharge of her duties which were faithfully performed., She " , d great-grand-chlld-re- DISCOURSE BT BRIGHAM YOUNG, n, like myself. Have you ever observed this? If you have not I wish you would commence to reflect upon it. . . societies These You say you are improving. are for improvement of our manners, our dress, our habits, and our methods of living. Now, sisters take notice, and Instruct those who are to adopt this rule stop your not here ' children from eating meat, and especially. fat meat; let them have composition to drink Instead of unhealthy water; Jet them eat a little milk porridge; let them eat sparingly and not oppress the stomach so, as to create a fevar. No matter whether it is a child or a middle-age- d person, whenever the' stomach is overloaded and charged with more than is required it creates a fever; this fever create sickness, until death relieves the sufferer. Now the people do not think of this. You ought to have thought of It. I' have- taught this for years and years to the people. When we commence to shape our lives according to the' judgment that Is given us, and we exercise a proper portion of thought, and study the laws of life; to know What to give fcnd how to guide and direct our children and ourselves, we shall find that the longevity of the people will increase. Although it is a fact that the longevity of this people is as great perhaps as that of any other people at the present time; yet we shall find if we will hearken to the wisdom our Heavenly Father has given us, this will increase; and we shall learn at once that we are enjoying belter health, we shall have greater amount of vitality, and a stronger development of ability, and by temperance and moderation. lay the foundation for, the development of the mind. Now, here let me throw in a side" remark. I do not mean to go without food and go to fasting. This is the other extreme. A sufficient, amount of food that will agree with the stomach is healthy and should be partaken of. Aged or middle aged, youth or children should never go without food until their stomachs are faint, demanding something to sustain their j systems, and continue to undergo this; for this lays the foundation of weakness; and this weakness will i tempt disease. . - But keep the stomach in a perfectly healthy condition. Now: I do not mean fasting, but eating moderately, and If ray sisters will go home and com- -' mence to adopt this rule, you will find that you begin to" get . better,- - your children and neighbors will get better. We do not expect all to be free from sickness. I; have had a great deal of sickness in my life, I do not expect to be free from' the Ills, the weakness debility and disease tht: prey upon the human . : . , ' to-da- y, In the Tabernacle' t Ogden; at a Meeting of the Relief JSooietic of Weber Covniy, , - ; 1877. ; . RKPDRTKD BT JAMKS XATrXB. CONTINUED. Now becomes ou r painful duty t to record the death of our: beloved sister. Eunice Haynes; who departed this. life:. on Saturday, Oct. 13; 1877. She died as she had lived, a: true Sal at of God, with the hope of a glorious resurrection. She was born in the. , town of Rowe, Mass.. Sent. 28. 1812. She became a member of .the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y I will talk; to you mothers., If I were invited to your heuse to take supper,or break fast morning, if you have it within your reach you will t have a platter of and will put this before your children. They are hungry, and require something' to satisfy, the demands of nature. You place this before them, and, if they choose,1 In our country, they may gorge themselves to overflowing. You do not stop to ask them If they have esten sufficient, and ask them now to desist, and eat moderately. You will let your children eat green apples and berries of any kind; sit down and eat fat meat, if they choose H and like it; and fill their systems with swine flesh, which it morasusceptible of diseases than any other flesh that we eat. It is not like fish or fowl. It is susceptible of disease of, every kind, and will impregnate the system with disease far quicker than any other food that we eat. Now, mothers, it Is well for you; to think of these things. I .will tell you how you can enjoy health. You let your children have a little milk in the morning. I would prefer putting It over the fire and boiling it, and put d water In it, with a little flour and a par-tid-e of salt to make it palatable. Give them a little bread with it not soft bread, teach your children to eat crust hard baked bread, that the Americans would call stale, but the lish would not- Teach them to eat this,Eng. and to eat sparingly. Instead of drinking unhealthy water, boll such waters, and let it stand until It is cool. Jf the-- children are in the least troubled jwtth' summer complaint, and are weak in their bowels,' make a weak composition tea, sweeten it with loaf sugar, and put a little nice cream In It; and let the children make a practice of tion instead of cold wafer. drinking composiMothers, keep the children from eating meat; and let Ithem eat vegetables that are fully matured, toot unripe, to-morr- ow meat-cooked- r . - ; one-thir- - , 11 Obittjjlry: . children,grand-childrenfan- s To bo continued. : by them, Juty 19tf, ; , aa PRESIDENT famlly,;but we can amend our ways, ard amend our life by being "prudent; and I wish the sisters to under8tandhl.4adf ,tp, ajdopt, these Instructions; and if ' you ;donot learn joe. fore the month 6t July is :gop(iat.oMck-neshas departed, I shall beveryjmuc pointed. So much for the, health of the people 1 - and the needy. ,i ; shall miss her in our little circle,; but we know that "our loss, is her eternal gain.", , "We ; . u lists, Elizabeth. .Weiler, Pres't. . ; - ; 1877, Annie Christiansen, born 'June 20, 1818, emi-grate- d to this country July 24 ;1868. She was Died, - in Spanish Fork, July: Marie a true Latter-da- y Saint and a faithful worker in the Relief Society. : " Died, Aug. 14, 1877, Susan Jtodgsonlborn March 5, 1843. A husband and seven children are left to mourn the loss of a faithful wife, , ilnirtni mnfVioi An) , O 'trnA tor-fln- flalnf.- - V Sprinodale, Oct (Editor Exponent: 1 T.f Gth, 1877. ' - On the 22nd of last July, a IteUer liociety was orgauizeu at vuis piawj w uu .uno. uuoau -K. Greene President; Mary Ei Greene,'' first, and .Susan1. E. Homer, second counselors; Sarah A. Millet Secretary', and Emily & -, worth assistanXpecrtary. There were present . , , P.- Evan M Greene, John C. Hall and others. , much good instruction was given by me urein . nlWe are but .work in all; but we rejoice in the Latter-da- y and in our ability. to assist Us progress, though - Wo are in very moderate circumstances flnan- clally, but our trust is, in God, that the wajii biay;be opened for us to aid in gathcriag scatf ' v vv tered Israel. iu l 7 Ever praying for the spread of truth, we are- i 