WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 34 B. a -- and all seem interested in trying; to carry out the counsel of the priesthood of God upon the earth, and although the wicked may howl and strive to utterly destroy the Kingdom of God, our faith is that it will triumph, and the wicked receive their just reward, "T'V. j-f- -Ti' Hoping that prosperity may attend ail the branches of the Relief Society throughout tho Territory, I remain your sister in v r:rr;:-,vv .;,.;"V--.-'- :; Gospel, u REPORTS. The General Retrenchment meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms Saturday, July 21, was exceedingly interHorne esting; President Mrsr that the minutes of the last meeting were full of instruction and showed the great improvement belng'made. fihegavd good advice to mothers in respect to the care of their children -- and especially concerning their diet. Remarks were made by several of the sisters who attended tho recent meeting of tho Weber Relief Socio ties InOgden, in regard to , the good in. structions and wise counsel givehV there to women by President Young and other brethren. Many good things were said on the subject of being and the of Tho e economy. practice study of medi-cinor more particularly obstetrics 1 was commented upon,1 and the Idea 'of encour aging our girls to make themselves prdfiV dentin the study and practice, and learn to obey all the laws of life. These meetings are replete with good instruction, and ex ercise a poworful influence for good in the : midst of the saints. -- re-mark- ed V--r- Susanna " ': - D. Pinney, ? CORRESPONDENCE. -- self-sustaini- - Gbantsville, Tooele, July 16, Editob Exponent: -.-.- . : andomelother Contributors tor the v Exponent, I should write often ; but there a time whe we aU have to begin, r We have had quite a sad time here lately on account of tho drowning of one of Elder Woodruff's sons; the particulars of the accident were - published in the "Deseret News." Mrs.- Phebe Woodruff of Salt Lake City came up to the . funeral and stayed a few days. While here, she kindly conIs ; 7 The sisters of this branch of the Relief Society are ; trying to keep up with the times. Thero are no poor uncared fori the teachers are faithful in the discharge of their duties. Retrenchment from every evil is taught In our meetings; backbiting is condeirinedi ;WVhave nearly three hundred ibashels of grain stored ; away, and to still lake1 careof all ;we; can get The counselof esidentoungrto supply our own " wants1 Is'beingKcanled ;out to a great extent V We shall endeavor folarit out a lot, that .the brethren has given us, in mulberry trees next spring, for the purpose s. We are' striving to of; falsing become united in i doirig ' all the gpod :we can; he youngladies are also do'ngweli; With best wishes; for the prosperity of the , Exponent we remain :youri sisters In the Gospel, Mittonterj Presidenti Jane K - -- in-te- nd : . . T VX;X j Editor' jj; t-.i- J ; Exponent! r : - x , ; A Relief , Society was organized, at this iplacaJune 3 1877i:jinderj. therectionT Elder Seihv Johnson, 'president , i of i the branch, and several other brethren, we had an excellent, meeting and i much good In. struction was given. The election of officers were - as follows: iFbrpresIdent, iMrs.-MarA. Johnson ; counselors .Mrs. Martha Ali Wilson, and Mrs.' Julia? D. Wilson ? Secretary; Mrs. Susanna D. Pinneyj Assistant Secretary, MIssi Martha A. Wll BbnjiTreas- -' urer Mrs, Mary J; Johnson. :"Wer live lira? somewhat scattered condition on account of many having largo farmslbut we meet and enjoy ourselves in our meetlngs i very - mncbi.at Ttho'l present' ' ;W& number: fifteen anembers but expect that number will continue to increase. ; We are making preparations, for gathering and storing grain according!: to : tho ; counsels of , President Young, and Intend tto try to keep Lnp with this times in every good work. -- Wo .have a ttYoung Men's? Mutual- Improvement-Asscelation at this place which Is doing"; much good among! the young; :Oar general Sab-- r bath meetings are well '.attended? and, tho spirit of union and good feeliB pr6vaUj yJ o ' Our t Relief . Society ": arid Young ladies' Assoclatiori are irijay prosperous JcoHdliiop, under tbe guidance. ,of thefr worthy prest dents, vizi, E. T." Morehead, presideni of th&fteli ef Society, ariU 'AJBafberJ of .fye . er . , ' ; to-geth- Then how necessary.it is for us to pray, we should keep it in our minds continually, that all we do and say, every, action of our Our lives, should be the subject minds may be filled with good thoughts for each other, that we may grow better day by day that we may he a comfort to those that are around us, that wben we lay our bodies down to rest we, shall be missed, and be worthy to meet those loved ones that are gone before us. Then let us always of-praye- r. .pray.- - X- , he -- - VF Dear sisters, do you ev6r feel like this? if you do you cannot get such comfort in any other way as you may; through prayer. -- Alpine, Utah Co lune f A Sister. 20y 1877. SHREDS AND GLEANINGS. -- Hbust, Secretary; j : ; L Easthaml'nd SarahHale,: Counselors. m;i r i Relief; Society and " Young: Ladies! Assiatnrrjnioyer; heard better or more motherly adyice, in my life. Ii thought while listening to her .wise counsel the, time is about, passed when .women wiu bo lopkcidi upon : as fmere drudges and helps by the ; Jords of creation,: They are .stepping to the front and: tajking thelr pla. cea where they belong, by the side of men, not "as the head but as the helpmeet. I think iMhe world could hear some of our Mormon women talk, ; and, could read pur express thempaper and know how they -selves in writingr,they would not speak as they do about us. Of,r course all the women in Utah are not saints, and tourists talk to that class as well as to truo saints, and form im'presslbhs, accordingly, 'arid they 'go; away and say,' "a fine yoang 4ady 7.said to nie while in Utah, T shall heverCo into polyg-amy- y I do. hot want, to , share, my jhnsband with another wife," and so 'qiv Theywbo-wrltthus, are hotaare Hat those who xiaiklikethii are nottrue and of course they ill7nottiive In plural if" they . should, tiiey! would marriage arid' ' riqt remain true rj to its requlferiieritsi and make Ithose happy wi thhonT they were' sented to talk; Mto-t- the Lord." , ; , silk-worm- ; JEm1! 1877. ; i J 1 3.'- use tie term dear as expressive of; my feelings, and you are, or shouldj be dear ip every. woman in Utah who. has the interest of Zion at heart. It is not , because 1 never think of writing there is never a line from me Jn your columns, but because! do not feel;, capable of interesting myr sistersI , often think if I could only4vrite like Aunt DeAK: EXPONENT! ng with gratitudo and love to "approach the throne of grace by supplication; it soothes .Jheiwearyjiit putsihe mind to rest; it comforts us through sorrows, when we feel that we must give up, if we cannot find help. When we see our loved ones taken from usj one by one, and we feel ofttlraes that God has forgotten us; those we have thought our true friends forsako us, and bur neighbors slight ; us; we have no friends and nothing worth living for; disappointments befall us, and a chastening hand is upon us and our trials seem more than we can bear; it is then, if we will humble ourselves and say Father, forgive mo iriy sins, and teach me to do thy wiil, that wo realize the words "Ask of me in my name arid you shall receive." Then we Will find" consolation in prayer; we begin to feel like taking up our cross and jogging along and going about our duties, saying, "Blessed is the name of -- 3 lr Vo'unf'lAdi(w"A8sociaibri.T JIWo are anxiously looking 76r a visjfrom some of the rest of ourfgoodl'sisiers .from the city,4 tor talk; the success of your Valuable paper,'! remain. ; Your Sister; In the Gpspel.: ;.; ; : - PRAYER. k I A fashionable suriinier refe6rt--Th- e Society Islands. The moon is so old, that if it Is made of green cheese, it is uriquestibnahly inhab', ited. What is that which never asks any questions, but requires many answers? The - street-doo- r. The Dearest Obj ect. x A man's dearest obsometimes ject should be his wife phut alas! ' J It is his wife's wardrobe.: . V'gpell catVsaid a little girl.of- five years of age, the othe dayglo ar smaller one. of three, wasjtbere then,'! contlriuedjtbe "jyoutljJuijmistressU 'Ui-can't- you can , spell. cat,' spell kitterit.i Ul.la Advice is pffensive open to unexpected regret, or cqriyicts us of a,hy, fault Jhieh ;has escaped ournotlce, bit , . not-becaus- because it showsthat we arc kribvm to as ell as ourselve pth-er- e- monitor is;persecuted:with.hatre cause his accusation Is falsei but because he assunaes tte superiority whicH : W aferiot ; , f daredjt6 willing tp grant ws desire. tovnceai ; A Dish for the Queen.' In olden days the pea:cock: Was a favorite dish' with .lord! and ladids of;high degree; ' Ittwas custcnnary. to skin the bird without plucking, and send the.rbast bird to table-iits' natural chvcl"-op-. The peacock; was "cbnsldered in i the;. days of chivalry; hot simply asr an'oxquisije delicacy; btitas adish'of pecullatxolemnity. v aWhen it was broutrht to tho table', dedora- ted with'its'pluinafce. its comb glided; and ft sponge in Its bill: wet' with mirits of .wiiie and lighted,' it 'Was tho signal for thd gallaritl knights' present to make vb ws to accbmplishi some deed-obeforo the peacoc . chivalry ' '" " f ? and: tbe ladles,' ' v U: him,-andVna- :rb f n Z. Tor the Ezroeriyx ' often think of tho word prayer and its great efficacyIndeed without prayer how could wo endure trials? It fills the:heartr 1 : f : ? ?- -- :- - 