W OMAN'S E X P O N EN T. J8 prayerful wo will bo able to conquer all things. Every one who is before me ought to have a testimony of this work. We are not like the world, for with our husbands we hold a portion of the priesthood; if we do not qualify ourselves, we cannot enter the presence of our; Father; it would not be appropriate or consistent, if our husbands were Intelligent and we were the reverse. The Lord gives us nothing to waste, and if we are wise we will drees tfeat and plain." g Mrs. Home also spoke of the not do try to spirit there is with those who It. 8. REPORTS. Spanish Fork, Oct. 27, 1877. Editor Exponent: I send you a few lines to let your readers know that the Relief Society, here re aux JUU3 iuuu men jp aid m uuum vuriuus uuue "and requlrements-tj- f th e times; especially f ,1 i dAi-r rr ' - a rein reguru iu oturing untin ior zaon, as be sent will of which directed in port your Issue of the 15th. Silk raising has not been lost sight of,al though but little has been done the past season, we hopo for better things in the future, for this truly useful branch of industry, as our President and many others are awake to its Importance. At the annual meeting of the Society held the second day of July last, an increase of members, and a good financial condition . J was reported. 1 1 t. ' . With the best of wishes for yourself and our valuable paper, we remain your sisters etc. E. J. Stickney, President, live their religion. Mrs. E. S. Barney: "I feel at home in At the late Conference, this meeting. President Taylor said that every woman should have a membership in the Belief Society and in these Mutual Improvement Associations. Singing is a part of our religion, and I have been very much edified She with the singing this afternobn." spoke of obedience to parents, and the principle of plural marriage, and made other very interesting remarks. Mrs. Zina Y. Williams: I'did not expect Plural marriage to bo called upon and the United Order should be taught at home by the fireside. To me the principle of plural marriage is a grand principle; there' are many trials attending it, but we gain many blessings through it" Spoke of the word of wisdom and plain living; we will live longer and be . brighter stars in Zion if we study the laws of nature. Bishop E.F. Sheets:.- "I feel to endorse all that has been advanced by my, sisters this afternoon, and hope that each one will bear it ia mind and improve thereby." It wza moved and seconded to change the name of our Society from Retrenchment to Mutual Improvement Association. Sisters E. G. Barney and E. Snell were chosen as Counselors. President Mary Leaver said she approved of what had been said. She then invited the guests, the members of the Association and the officers of the Relief Society to partake of a supper at the Bishop's house after meeting. Adjourned Benediction by Elder for two weeks. Our first meeting after the death of our beloved President Brigham Young was a very solemn one; all present feeling the los3of him who had, under God, led Israel so long and so faithfully. Many of the sis. ters spoko with much feeling, and expressed a determination to carry out in the future more fully the counsels he had given us; also recognizing this to be the kingdom ot God, and upholding and sustaining who- .1 ! !J. aim uirecv ever may ue uppmumu iu guiue its affairs on the earth. The Epistle of the Twelve to the saints was read and all felt comforted. " Among other plans for saving grain, it was proposedjthat all the sisters that could, should go to the fields and glean, which was ti.l , fault-findin- . I The majority of the sisters are interested in Storing Grain, "according to iho counsel given by our. beloved President Brigham Young. We are striving in our weak wav to obey the counsel of those placed over us u ti nix lutj g uuu Yf 3 v;au in ttui Helping j to buildtemples, taking caro of the poor etc, We deeply mourn the loss . of our beloved Prophet Brigham Young, and truly sympathize with his family in their bereave-men- Elizabeth Carter, Salt Lake Always feeling anxious to mingle our voices with our sisters of the Relief Societies, we send a brief sketch of our efforts in, the Third WaraVWe are holding meetfhrPA iimoa it nmnth nnA ings rppiilarlv -cr tf cj j ui. those that attend are united, we have teachers appointed to visit and report once a month, should there be any one. in need their wants may be administered to: a very interesting meeting was held Oct. 10, Mrs. Zina D. Young and Mrs. Prescinda Kimball were present. There was a much larger attendance than usual. These sisters gave us some good instructions which we truly ap. predated, and it will long be remembered; we are also trying to respond to the coun. sels of our late beloved and esteemed President Brigham Young in storing up wheat. Bishop Weiier kindly offered us a bin to put It in and donated five bushels of wheat, and several dollars in cash; several of the sisters douate monthly for this purpose. Tho Exponent is always welcome and read with a great deal of interest Ever with you in good works. ' - bushels more of wheat to add to Zion's granary. The young ladies of the Mutual Improvement Society, who are also members of the Relief Society, had a gleaning bee" and also gathered nearly twenty-fiv- e bushels oLwheat and finished the day wjih a ball in the City Hall which was quite an enjoyable affair. Two of our mem bers havo been called away by death during the past year; at the request of their friends I send their obituary notices. The spirit of union is increasing among us. With love to all who love our .Lord ana Savior Jesus Christ In sincerity and truth, twenty-fiv- e Mrs. Zurviaii Beaver City, Mrs. M. S. Leaver, President, Miss S. A. Hawkins, Secretary. jliannaji uornaby, Salt Lake City, Santaquin, Nov. Editor Exponent: Oct. 31st, 1877. the-Eigh-th Oct. 31st, 1877. Usual opening exercises; minutes read and accepted. By invitation of Counselor Sarah Jane Chamberlain, Mrs. Elizabeth -- Howard made some very goo(i remarks, the following is a synopsis: I am ' well satisfied with your minutes, and am glad to see so many young ladies present I advise the young to road church works. You will yet see the. day when you will be thankful for these meetings. AW. should try to help in all homo industries; we, as of-whi- not'spend so much time and on the foolish fashions, but save our money ch 4, 1877. wo should means to help build up the kingdom of God." Mrs. M. L Homo: "I am pleased to meet with you, and feel to thank my Heavenly Father for his protecting care over us. I advise you to watch and pray, and associate with .those who act from good principles; there is a warfare before us, and wo can choosogood or evil; if we are humble and year, $222, 73; disbursed during the year to charitable and other needful purposes, $120, 29, leaving a balance of $102, 44. The Young Ladies1 Mutual Improvement Association held their 4th Annual Meeting at the same time. Their reports were very favorable. Our meeting was addressed by Bishop George Halladay, and; President E. J. Stickney on matters pertaining to our temporal as well as spiritual welfare. All present seemed united and a good spirit prevailed. Death has taken away one of our sisters, Sarah Maria Wall. She died Oct. 27, 1877, with the heart disease, aged 51 years and 8 months. She was a member of the. choir, a teacher in the Sunday School and a teacher In tho Belief Society. All of these offices she ever faithfully filled. She bore the trl. als of life as a true woman and mother in Israel should, being loving and kind to all with whom she associated. She has left a husband, five children, and a large circle of friends to mourn'her loss. She dlod as she Saint, had lived a true latter-da- y " ; ; 1877. The following is the Annual Report of our Society, for the year beginning June, 1876, ending 1877: We held our Ninth Annual Meeting on Sept 6th, 1877. Our reports were all read, showing that we had received during the Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association, - held In Ward Assembly Rooms, Nov. 12, Editor Exponent: wo remain your sisters in the Gospel. t;or. aec y. Elizabeth Weiler, Pres't G. Eardley, Scc'y. Mr?. Isaac Brockbank. Mary Ferguson, Pres't. 1877. Editor Exponent. to-da- y. -- Ci?y, Third Ward, ' Nov. 12, A 1. Secretary. ' . Receipts............................;.. $ 277 10 Misionaries......... St. George Temple..... Repairs on Meeting House...... 99 65 81 00 43 70 267 10 10 00 110 35 Total, Remaining in treasury In treasury, at present date, The. society is in a thriving! condition;, peace arid union prevails, tho meetings are nnrt aII QUUU1 aUAiuuJ in all oforrlrrl auu w oirrV . "v ail i.uutu, out the wishes of our lato President, particularly in regard to storing grain. Wishing success to your .valuable paper, and all tha IntArAsfa nf 7fnn :wft. remain in- tho. great Latter-dayour 117 " : co-work- ers - work Officers: . , ; j ! v - 'r " Ruth W. Tyler, president; EU W. Hawkins, arid Ann Lewis, Counselors. Mary E. Ashworth, Secy. recent Woman's . Congress at Cleveland, Mrs. Frances W. Harper, a colored woman, read a-- paper On tho colored women of America." At the 