, r . CONDEMNATION. : A mighty man was the leader; whoso; clear bra iri and' I Unsinking heart "rendered him indomitable. Ho knew ' ho was the servant of God and guided by His hand, and this gaVo him strength day by day, and hour by hour, and made him firm and invincible, It grew yes, tho Church of Latter-daSaints grew and spread; it took a form, it had a voicej-- a silent eloquence all its own, that struck even the dullest ear; its form became palpable, and the world'3 eye r. was caught at last ! though it saw through a glass very darkly; it began to bo talked about, written about, crowds rushed to it "as doves to the. windows, and; enlist. . ed under its, banner. ... These were the , honest, the poor, yes, and the educated and the intelligent minds, that were yearning to be advanced, desiring to break the shackles that, Time had caused to eat into their very souls bands, that only Time and our Father had thrown, as it weref a sacred mantle over1-- Simmer down the "dogmas by which they were held, and we find them literally composed of the debris of the old Mother Church! in a new dress, with less trappings 'about it. Tolday'theyes of the world aro upon the church hV the wilder: ness, not needing liow one of Herscheirs Monster Telescopes to see it!: It has become "as a beacon on a hill;' - yes, and a "Heaven kissing hill," too! And the readers, and the writers and the thinkers, talk, read and write about it, though "they still wear a sneer and a voice satirical. Ah!, one moment they speak ofBrigham Young as a marvel motig men "one of the most successful men tho present generation has known-ran- d in tho next sentence brand"a man of no ing him as an education or cuure.,, They get a glimpse of the grandeur of the man's character, and . they cannot but own it, or stamp themselves as ignorant d ol tg, put th ey try ,to t brow, i t into the shade by speaking of his low birth, &c. his What dupes the writers of such articles must.be to their own narrow creed, to.believe that a quarter of a . . BY MAJIIE S. JiADD, ; So she is downj well, do your .utnjcst part To bring her lower, for you may have found woundSooie spot they have not stabbed, and the sharp heart. May reach sure that all the pack r -are But wait 'till you Of loud defamers, with one wfl3 accord Are fiercely baying at the culprit's back; deai th Lord, Then strike your bltfwy while thanfciDg her-shiverin- g y " - That tbou art not as she, whom al do hunt, . And.polntthQ fiQger at with just affront.' we in dread cry that We aresVperfect, At others' sins, and sometimes at a fault; We walk so straight, that if another tialt . ' , VTq cannot pass, it by., r , Woman's Journal. -- Nortlilleroj Vermont. , ! 1 . ; SATURDAY NIGHT. - : SELECTED.- - -- '' Placing the little bats all. in a row, ., for thlirOh or the morrpw' you know; Washing .wee. faoes and little black fists, Getting them ready and! fit to be kissed; Putting tbemlBtoctean ganmBnts and white; That tt what mothers are doing Ueady . : to-nig- ht. " Spying oat holes in the Uttlo Vbite hosei Laying by! shoes that arowfn through the toes, Looking o'er gannenta.so fadedjind thin Who but a mother knows where to begin? Changing a button.to make it took right ; what mothers are' doing " , railing the 'lit tie ones a'rbiVnd her ch'aTri 6ft their fbrth prayer, evening them lisp Hearing ' Telling tlera stories of Jesns of old, t4" bis to the lambs fold; Who toves tx. gather .. Watcblr)?, they listen. with, childish delight-!-That ig what motherare doing Th is la to-iiUr- bt. to-nig- ht. to take a last peep, Craping After the jlttio nca al are asleep; Anxious to know f th'e children are warm, Tucklng'ihe blankets round each little form; Kissing each little faoe, rosy and bright ' That ia vbat mothers are doing sd softly, to-nig- j ht. ..- , , ; : ! (COTINUEI).) ; non-educatio- n, . ' "The;. ILngdom of God. cometh notwith: observation. How truly has the thinking, observant,' mind realized this Scripture in the Latter-(Ia- y work. When first ' this ; Church of Jesus Christ arose it was not 'ho-- , ticed by the Erudite of the World. If the ' religious gave it a thought it was only to sneer and: despise; some would, glance at it and say, What crazy . people thoso, aro,,-b- ut it grow, and at. last enough; was thought, million people of the common-sens- e population of every country, with minds "unbiased by the musty dogmas of scholastic jar; gon, heart3 honest, and' brains 'dear, and quick to receive the truth; With no worldly emoluments held out before them, but rather ' to sacrifice all, if need be, for tho Gospel's sake, could still be thedupes of Ig-noranco and imposture!. No! no!among these people, brandedTaa almost -- imrjecile" thero are the "Mute,' Inglorious ;Miltons," the "Village HampdensiJhe Crom wells, guiltless of their .country's., bloodor any other. When the cloud is dispersed, light shall issue from these luminaries that shall floo(fthe ' wprld;and daakness shall flee away, and Truth will'prevail. Mormon Ism ,: is onward and upward; its princiand ples are G(jd:giveri, hence eternal Blessed-are1 Who can they keep tho' straight and narrow way "in the dark hour, as well as in th'er blaze of sunshine," which, bye the;bye, is apt to "dazzle and mislead! :Thepath is often rongh and broken, . . : ; " V , of it to raie,.a mob (oven Lin the, boasted free countryjof, erase it from America), tho earth! 'but to' conquer,". and it did j it adjourned to the wilds of tho con- . itjstc)pe. tinent ; Jttraledover-the- ; '' prairiesand! the hills,.whero thqfoot of the white man had ,not been planted; it found a home in the mountains; its people to work so-calle- jset' and soonmade that home beautiful;' if became an Eldorado in4h'o tops of tho mountains " ' where vegetation, spread far and wide, made prolific by the,virgiri soii;;ahd breathed ud on by the' Spirit pf Godl. where the rose" he queen of flowers, calmly' took her floral throne, ahd Waved her lovely sceptre over her fi6ral kingdom; Travelers ' soon 'came and marveled the" beauty 'arid thd wonat; drous utility that had' Sprung up in the bar--- , en desert, under the persevering hands of people aain 's realizing SpHnfnterpiruiD pture, "the 'desert should, blossom'.' as the rose': and Hho fountains of water Slaved Ll above :it, though common eyes sels guarded it day d, ,n,ght' but th0 eyes of tho world-ln- 8 could not behold them! . - , arch-impost- or For tho Ei FOMENT. : :: -- mobmonism. : , g -- temporal warfare is often hard and but they will never hear the voice perilous, "Woe to them that are at Vqase in: ZIon.,,,:i Let" the true Saint reniember that tho. poor, tho widow: and thoorplian are ; especially tho , 1 Tho motto of tho1 kingdom of God is -f c:. r - ; "Excelsior!" . Oct.; 23; ;jS77. - ll !;llxait : T &Nti; Why does tho heart resemble a musical instrument? Bccanso it'sroften: played Wllh V -- ' . - t Editor Exponent: ' ' 2G, 1877. ' - - Last Tuesday was a day that will long be remembered by the Saints in Mehdonr'Wo were visited by Sisters E. It. Snow, Zina D. Young, and E. Davis from Salt Lake City, : We had a lovlyilayrThe Eelier Society held ft meeting in the afternoon. Our President presiding, made a few introductory remarks and paid fit was rdenspd in fnpAt.'wifh Iier sisters on such an interesting occasion. Miss E. B. Snow arose and said, she had often thought she would like to pay a visit to the saints iu Mendon, and that she was glad to have the opportunity at last She gave us words orcomfort and counsel, I think there was no one present that did not feelHblest with the privilege of hearing her .voice, and listening to her, instruction. Mrs. Zina D Young cluered us with a fow kind words, gave good counsel to both old and young spoke of the no. cessity of constant watchfulness juid prayer .on our own parts; spoke of planting out mulberry trees', getting a start with silk worms and rais-inour own silk and for exportation. Mrs.' E. Davis then arose and .said she had not forgotten her last visit to Mendon, and was glad to meet the people once more; she showed some cloth which; she bad samples of home-mabrought up from 4he Wman'a Commission Store, Salt Lake City, she also recommended . the WosrAy's Exponent, Juvenile Instructor, and the Palestine Tourists, The Life of Brigham Young and the The Women of as books that the Saints should have ' in their homea and read . ... , :;t; There was a General meeting in the evening, when the Young Ladies.Mutual Improvement Association was organized; the following are the names &f these chosen to act. as officers. Mrs. Teny Bichard?, President; Mrs. Sarah Ann Hughes, Miss Annie Paul, Miss Sarah L. Walker, end Miss- Annie E. Wood, her counselors, Mits Lydia A.. Andersen, Treasurer, nima .'.Willie Secretary,' Mrs. Bhoda Miss Smyth, Assistant Secretary. Mrs. Bichards presided. ,' Miss E. It. Snow then talked a long time to the young- folks, and gave them many' words of encouragement. t" Mrs. Zina D. Young taked in a very kind and motherly way which made a good impression. Thcse meetings have made the sisters feel like renewing their efforts to be useful, Mrs. E. Davis spoke a( few 'Words concerning the Church x uxi, iiutvu. w.wim ior ail lo reau. a few words of then Bishop Hugbes gave remarked that he intended to meet with us sometimas; at our testimony meeting. V e al' we'nt jo our homes rejoicing in a; knowledge' of tbe G6siel.'. . ,: V . YourBJstcn etc. Mrs.-E.-Willi- e, jr de , Mor-raondo- n, " . ..: , i - . -, ue-w- eit . i . - . : . ; , ; - d, life-givin- I Mendon, Cacue Co., Oct. BlIODA .SilYTIIi ; " . . nerseir on living in a family defined it, on being as ono " where they keep a carquestioned, have three or four kinds of wine, and riage, never pay a bill the first time its called for." A Scqtcii editor, illustrates .tho prevailing extravagance of, the present day. by calling attention to tho costly perambulators m uso now; wniie, when he was a baby, around by the hair of. his thcy hauled ' him s.jiVAXT wno-priac- a '010" head. - ' ir-..- . (. "Two and two noVejf make mbro' than four;", said; a publjo 'speaker. .."Yes,, they s ; docried; a -- boy; in the audiencol young friend will kindly tell us" auu uvu maKe jnoro man iour, blandly said tho speaker; whereupon tho "Per-haps!b- ur " "ui:u Trot old: stupid then'' they make -- - don't they?" '": J - twenty-tw- o, - 