L 65 .SI f: i - ( 5 f, In regard to taking many other things. f ' stores of grata and ' provisions; and as in almost every other case where there is a profusion of blessings, the peop'e who receive them become indifferent and do net appreciate them as they ought.' The people have been careless - negJect"toytheir7tH their products In such a manner as, were it to continue, the Lord weuld be sorely displeased with them. This year grain is unusually low.yet t he grasshoppers have, been visiting difleren t -parts of the Territory, and, it is (eared by many, h ave r laid thei r eggs ; therefore it is more than ever essential that such measures be taken as will secure the; grain now in marorket.' The Relief Societies and ganizations in which some of the women of this Terriory are interested have funds at their disposal from time to time, which can be made available to carry out President Young's wishes in regard to buying and taking care of the grain. It is in no doubt the best Investment of means that could possibly be made, for if the CORRESPONDENCE. , ; . lahdra n - r-fo- nal store-hom- i March 20lli, 1877. - 1f - 1 5 ? y k iety ; a n t a 1 anot-hearke- Centrkvillk, Believing that a few items from here touching the great work in which we are all engaged will be gratifying to you, permit me to' state that we aro blessed with, .a generaPtime of health in this place, with an increasing desire made apparent to walk as near the line of duty as is possible, when our circumstances are taken into consideration. I am proud to ay that the Young Ladies .Retrenchment Association is In a flourishing condition, each and every member thereof responding cheerfully to ail the requirements made of them, and I rejoice to be associated with them and ail such as love and serve God in the Litttr-dakingdom, and that I have the privilege of doing something though small to' help roll it forth.; A 'general good feeling akin to inspiration prevails in the Re i ef unto the counsel given to them now,'there is no doubt that tbexfesult will be an eminent success. If the means now on hand in the societies and women's associations can be turned jntorain, and such measures taken to store it and" preserve, it- from damp and all other things that would damage, or destroy it, as can bo made, practicable ac- -. cording to circumstances and advantages, then one point will be gained towards the temporal salvation of this people in case of emergency. In whatever women undertake they are generally earnest, and our advice would bo immediately without any delay (except such as is unavoidable) to commence to carry out President Young's counsel-i- n this matter. Where there is a will there is (almost invariably) a way, and in this matter there should be a pe and individual as well as a general inter-es- t. In older to satisfactorily accomplish any scheme, one great object Is to be in earnest; on this earnestness depends much of the succefs of whatever enterprise is undertaken. If you determine. to do, anything of whatever name or nature.first be sure it is the proper thing (o do, and then without losing time, bring your energies iuto immediate requisition and you are almost sure to succeed. The women of this Territory are capable of carrying out President Young's counsel in this matter; and if they do not they will be left witboufexcuse; he has called upon the brethren until he has become wearied, and now he appeals to the sisters. Is not this a proof of his confidence in their desire to listen to counsel? The sisters will have ample opportunity now to prove their ability for financiering; and it is greatly to be'hoped that' they will manifest such earnestness in this matter as cannot fail to accomplish the desired object. President Young further advises the that they ester into such arrangements sister, as aro to their circumstances In their varapplicable ious districts and settlements, to build es for the storing of their grain in the sections of country as they shall divide oil or apportion to certain' localities; also that they solicit donations; from their husbands and the brethren to assist them in carrying out thii enterprise, both for- - the building-o- f the storehouses ana also in obtaining grain to fill them, and preserve it for future need. be wise, ' Editor Exponent: -- modern, and of Joseph Smith are to be fulfillPaints profess to beed, which the Latter-da-y lieve, there will be a desolating famine in the ' .. ive ivropti ' ' w desire-tongr- o irrracr and in the knowledge of the truth. The Young Mens' Association is aIso-- i a flourishing con' dition. ;:" .Praying for the success of your Valuable paper and every laudable endeavor in the kingdom of God, we subscribe ourselves yoar.eis-teis ' ''"' in the Gospel, - to-m- y " , ( - co-work- ers , c - -- Elizabith away, but to be "watchful and prayerful every hour of our lives and be ready and willing at all times to discbarge to the bett of our ability every duty resting upon us to perform in this kingdom, and I think. one of the greatest duties resting upon us as a band of; sisters. Is the saving of.our grain and storing! It away for a . day of need, and what a great rJrivilegejthlsJs granted us to bring together I our small; means thus, to save ourselverr arid thbe 'who "th'all flock to us for assistance In.' a' day of need! What great blessings are conferred 'upon us, and still the world call us ictbe down trodden women- of titan.' I feel :lhankfulf Heavenly Father that' I live in this glorious '? dayj and that thaye standing1 In thii klhg-do- m and that the; rrd-tHru- h His prlest- .hdoet.jnppnlh; J udgmen sf that tie is .about to pour rour tippn the earth. '1 1; think we are slow; to hearken to His voice." I desire to take hold ,wth renewed ; energy, of the duties resting upon meand im- proye the golden opportunities that are granted me for acquiring t knowledge for, I know there la a great work to ha. performed and the Lord has said that in the j last days 'He vri -- cat His work shortinrighteousneFsJL We are desirous to bo with, the we in be true aids the good brethren, and may f is cause my sinadvancing this kingdom, , cere wifh ferns all.; ,; I VJ . ClIRISTINB M WARNICIC. Pleasant Grove, March 13, 1877. ? t 5f their grain and ;re In many instances they Co-operat- f We sincerely, hope that what haj been said will be sufficient to rouse a spirit of determination in the minds of the women of Utahj to devise and, to put in practice, such measures as shall be economical and wise, and for the general good of all concerned. i -.'! MoitcfAN City," iloRQAN Co.,: lilarcli Editor-Exponent- : 1. 22,- ?77. - 1 comprising several di9ttlcts, lying far away on either side of Morgan City, deprived many sisters' of the pri vilege of attending meetings and of doing1 the gockl it was in their hearts to do. Therefore Blhor Smiih vf ho cares for his 'flock' wiii;(aiH de"ci(Jed to (irganjze a Relief Bociety;in each little Jhranch of his ward;' he tnjerefpre (Sailed a general metiogor ibe slst of dissolving the society, and ftV divide the stock on hand among the several branches. r The total stock on rhan d' Is two huriclred and dollars and thirteen cerits. eighty-eigWe met again on the 19th insf to reorganize The elec, the old branch of South Morgan. tions were as follows:: Mrs. Lydla RkU President,' Mrs. Mary Ann Simmons, and'Mrs. Ann Fry Coun elorsj Mrs. .Rawb Secretary; Mrs. Annie Leshell; Treasurer.' Our beloved Blah-o- p being very sick,' E'ders R. Fry,r W. Eddlng-to- n and D. Bull addressed the meeting and or' dained theofticers;---' I hope that you wilHiear ofteher, ;1arid good ;ndw8 from;this cornerf,of tho vineyard;'' fbr 1 Our Society Wadoup, Caroline Dalrymple. , Clifton, Idaho, Mr rch 1877. 11th, " Editor Exponent. Thinking a few lines from this little settle- ment would be expected, I proceed to let you gow how we get along. The sisters meet twjca a month and we enjoy a goodly portion of the" spirit of God in our meetings, . gome of the sisters as well asthe brethren have renewed their covenants, and all appear to be awakening to a seusevof their duties. We had a visit from Bfo, IBrdy of Sa! t L ike, Cify, and we all enjoyed ousel Ve,", and his instructions ,t have been duly appreciated by the brethren, h from the spirit manifestbbv them. Our School and Sabbath meetings are well attended. We have a Retrenchment Jtociety organized in which the young girls are very much interested. We called a meeting on the 1st ofLFeb. to consider the Grain overrent." '"It excellent meeting, thirteen sisters joined ouK society and we number row over thirty members. Wo have about thirty bushels of wheat now, in the bin and the pi opect of "some Sab'-bat- . wan mor. ' . , . " ' ' The Exponent is received and duly appreciated by the sisters. We look4 forward with pleasant anticipation for a visit from tome of the sisters from Salt Lake City. ;: ..V'"v"-- . Your Sister, etc. ' " Jane Editors Exponent: . . T M. Howell. , Vilr.: feel Vividly impressed that the harvest is close wearviiead and heart, as theydo to Ycur sister in the Gpfpe',; v t 8. C. E. Esther Would it not be a good plan, for VveySocleTlceepa cbpPth smooth aUd clean, to be bound after awhtlej in & handsome volii tne7 "AncTsd keep; a Recorcl of every "Branch of this great arid glorious o do myself. r v the Relief Society of Utahi namely ' fii'-- i . "rr" j itr. jii'jUjI' . . Francis. en-teVprj- sc; Vn'-j- somer good, and that it may tend to develop my own mind. I think it Is a great and eventful day in which .we Jive; many grcat: things are transpiring among the nations, and we canTreallze that tbe Mgns of the times,".' are manifest; this shows me the necessity of living more faithful before the Lord,' and it 'leaves no tlrpe to idle I . -- I hope that in writing these few lines, I may at least bo able ht 'n' "c't .1c' are pleased to announce to T. King of Jthe that she has secured the agency .' for Holman'a most superb great CrWn Family., Bible, the edition ever published jn this country.. Y : lIrtsUKiNa-W- e MWr-Hann- fmanyj-friendsV- ah . i , . 