MORE EXTRACTS FROM LETTRS : FROM HAWAII. spring Wa are Hvintr at the Plantation house. ! am chief cook and house cleaner; I am kept very busy teaching aqd keeping house, and looking-towardjt- lj My health is much better here than at home. I believe I could eat my rations of Irish potatoes,and pork beans and . cabbage, had I the chance. Not wishing you to think I suffer at all, for wo live good enough, and what wo have we relish, I can eat quite a meal of meat and ."poi".; we try to have flour on hand all the time.. I will have quite a yarn to spin when find very few idle moments. the many? jcftarjges which may pero haps take plaee beforonvameetgainr-vWaro well and feeling in excellent spirits, with good feelings toward all mankind.' I am teaching the Laio "school, have thirty odd du nils who seem tn hn last; I am also a rmpnTTarning their and I fear not a very apt one, "aka hoas mau" (but I continue to try). Millie talks very good for the time she has been here, is quite contented and appears very much lke a .native. I like the natives much better than I imagined I should; they aro very kind, to me, and take great pains in teaching mo their language. 7 I have had quite an experience sinco I como here. I was at a death-scen- e which took place shortly after our ar. rival. I had calico! to take a sick woman somo rice, thinking something nourishing like that would be relished. I saw she was struck with death, and told her husband as much. I had not been i n the house more than half an hour when she breathed her last, as quietly as if going to sleep; I closed her, eyes and tied her chin, and looked to see what her parents were doing when a native, sister came up to me with a shroud vk hich they had been busy preparing against her death. I assisted in putting it on and spread a beautiful "kapa" to lay her on (her husband never leaying her side;) whcu all was ready, for her! to bo seen by her friends, i, as many were gathered, I, stood looking at the corpse, when.,! was almost raised from floor to ceiling by tho most dreadful wailing I ever heard, I gave one glance about the room arid saw how fast jt was filling with mourners, and will lea vo you to imagine -- 1 Ian-guag- I get home. e, ; eye-witne- ss , r hoWlorig We took with us papers from home, and read, visited) ate, and some Oahu, Sept. 30, 1876. I have been standing on tho porch toloved honie of my night many, many dear friends and associates and thinking of the great waier. lying between us, and of4 water. ;r wasof getting a hpmo, which is mile. They keep their k;alut a quarter wailing and feasting up all night I had forgotten to tell you that-the- y always prea feast in honor of pare great tho dead. I have also been a guest at a grand wedding, had the pleasure of eating with the bride and groom. Tho food consisted of "poi" pork and beef, which all ate with a relish, using fingers instead , of knives and ., forks. (" I enjoy myself in many ways here, but nothing compares with our mountain home. I begin to think , know how to appreciate comforts when we have them. Oct. 7th. This is the second day of Conference. I thought as themaii would leave in tho morning I would finish, I will not bo ablo I do to give you the news of not know where Simpson lot will bo cast ' in this missionary labor. Bros. Lambert and Stringara have not been able to get here .for Conference on account of high winds, which has caused quite a disappointment. The natives are turning out well and seem to enjoy the spirit of the Lord. Their faces glow When they sit and hear our brethren talk. I think this mission has a company of as good men as you generally come across I do Jhink the young men here have been faithful and performed a good long mission, and wjjen they get their release they will not 'feel to complain. ... Please remember mo with much love. to all my friends and acquaintances, not forgetting Sister Wells and family. Tell Uncle Charles I want : his prayers now, more than ever. I am very tired now;t h ere aro eight of our good folks stopping 11with us, ichards beside our own family. Bro. boards with us when at Laie. lie as it is Remember me to alt I will a i feasant after ten o'clock. Good night, Jane E. Molen. dreams. HOUSEHOLD-HINT- w. le Oysters. Have ready an earthen baking-dis- h well buttered, sprinkle in a layer of rolled crackers, then a layer of good fat oysters, a little pepper, salt, and bits of butter, another layer of crackers, ariothv of oysterSj then seasoning as before, anfstou until the dish is filled; hare the top covered with crackers; turn over it a cup of the oyster liquor. Set it in the oyen for thirty or forty minutes. Scalloped . r V" Wo havo, been on tho Island four months to day, Ve arrived pn the 1st of June, after seven and a half, days at. sea. Aye enjoyed ourselves a great deal in tho same way as many of our friends before us, by being very liberal to the sharks. I was very sick tho first three day3, in fact I was quite miserable until Ave landed. We were well provided with everything for our comfort and one of the best stewardesses; she was like a mother to me. I have been to meeting the most of tho day; it is our fast day; we hold it tho first Sunday in each month. Twant to tell you of our rido in the hills yesterday, thinking it will show you a lit-- tie how we feel. Brothers Wooley, Molen, and wives with chlldren,on horse back,took picnic and went up in the canon to get a breath of fresh air. We rode native style (now don't laugh) as it was safer; riding over rocks and brush, over hills that looked impossible for horse3 to travel,but wo found a nice cool place and better than all a cool , , with n -- HYGIENIC NOTES. Children's Pudding. Fill an earthen baking-diswith finely chopped apples. Season with sugr and nutmeg; add a little water. Set it on the back of the range until the apples are tender. Then make a crust of one teacup of sweet milk, one tablespoonful of- butter, a little salt, one of baking powder, flour enough to roll out. Lay the crust on top of the apples and bake. To be eaten hot with sweet sauce, flavored with lemon or vanilla. Other kiqds of fruit may be used in the same manner. For Wakefulness at Night. Take about 20 , grains of carbonate of soda in half a glass of wa-- . ter before going to bed. The best remedies are - hygiene diet, cold water, exercise, brisk walking 1 and gymnastic exercise for half an hour before going to bed. To Core a Felon. As soon as the part: begins rap the part "with a cloth thoroughly Storated with tincture of lobelia, and the felon is dead. It is said thktlever fails to cure if applied in season. Another- - The following simple remedy is said by an exchange to be a sure cure. Take common rock saltfj dry it in an oven, then pound it fine and mixitwith spirits of turpentine in equal parts. Put it on a rag and wrap it round the finger, and as it gets dry put on some more, and in twenty-fou- r hoars we are assured the felon will be dead. And Another: Take half a gill of strong vinegar, dissolve in it a tcaspoonful or more of salera-tnheat it as hot as the flesh can bear, soak the felon jn it as long as desirable. Repeat the application as often as the pain returns, and a euro is certain. This remedy must be applied in the first stages, as it is of no avail after the finger is greatly swollen. Insanity. The principal causes of insanity are the result of an inordinate mode bf living eating and drinking those ' articles which coagulate the bloody and consume the" Natural forces-- , and also the" efTcct of medicines, which have, for the last half century been taken" into tie human, pystein h ul - . : " 9t ' i 4 PARAGRAPH FROM A GENTILE LADY'S LETTER. TO MRS. M. A. BOISE, ONEIDA CO., IDAIIO. s; - of flour . to-jw- Sunday, Oct. 1st. To two coffee cups well-beate- ;. . Suet Pudding. a heaping teaspoonful of baking powder stirred thoroughly through it, add one coffee cup of finely chopped suet, one teaspoonful of salt; one egg; one pint of sweet milk. Grease a tin pail, pour the mixture into it, cover set it in a kettle of boiling water, and let it boil constantly two hours. Renew the water as it evaporates with Send to the taboiling water from the teakettle, ble hot, Serve with wine sauce, or lemon sauce rt : S. Baked Omelet. Boil half a pint of cream, or rich milk; beat six eggs thoroughly they will be nicer if the whites and yelks are beaten separate-ly- ; have a deep dish hot and buttered; stir the beaten eggs, with salt, into the cream; put all quickly into the dish, and bake from five to ten minutes,depending upon the condition of the oven. and taken directly It should be lightly browned, " "f tv; r to tho table in the dish, 1 . d , wo as a people do not to-morro- under all circumstances. Study the emanations of to tho requirements of , physical laws and adhere the circulating medium, which mores the wheel of life-ancarries in its &rce of action the finer ele. ments thrown upon the tissues of the brain. If this circulatiop becomes impedcd,especially throigh the brain, it creates an obstruction which destroys ' the equillibrium, and insanity must ensue in a greater cr less degree. Opiates and other concentrated ..medicmwhich arq now !so freely used are often the cause of insanity.' IFIs possible for insanity to be brought on by suffering, but unless the brain had previously become diseased from some other caue, I am inclined to think physical force would succumb to suffering before the intellect. Live in accordance ..with the finer elements of life and health, and then nature will sway tho sceptre of her utmost power. Mrs. C. Van Cort. , ' I get the Woman's Exponent regularly, and tongue can not express the thanks 1 have to offer you for sending me such a valuable paper. You cannot know what solid comfort I take in reading it. I see the utility of your good Reliet Societies there in the Mormon Church. Where is there another church where the women work for each other's benefit like the women of Utah? This paper is, in a great measure, removing the prejudice from come who thought that there was no good among the -- Mormons. Petersburg, Hahbiet 1!1 M. Pubvjnes Dec. 15, 1870. 