W 0 11 A W S E TO yinco a Mormon womans reason, that it. is wroug to put trimmings on her clothes or dress elaborately, she will cease to do so. It is only the result of thoughtlessness; they do not stop to consider the matter," but go blindly ony following in the lead of those perhaps, who should know better, and set a bettere:xampie- -Do you think sisters you would like to associate with angels, with these trappings on? I suppose that you have all been promised that you should one day meef with them, and sooner or later we must put a stop to this folly. So let us do so now, and be prepared to advance one step further in tho grand march to meet our Savior; if wo do, wef will bo thun bindingrSatan-out-- of our hearts, for this folly, of dress surely originates from him. Let us do this, and not pass over this matter so lightly, for if we do, we will some; day be called to ac- TUE MEMBERS OF THE Y. M. M. I. A. Brothers la faith, in God and the rteht, Lead on, we are with you iu fervor and might; vMeet ever with courage the foes of our cause, The ruthless defllers of God and Hi3 laws. Fear not to tell of His goodness and truth, FearnoteveffTiowtQlhedaysfhy youth; Think not His cross and flis burthen Is hard, As thy day bo thy strength, and great the reward. Of those who enlist In the conflict begun, W ho stand by eu r flag Hill the battle is done, Whose heart never falters whose" arm will not yiM 'Til the last foe is conquered or lied from the field. , want not the bullet, the sword nor the knife Not death is our object but life, ever life; Our weapon is Truth, undaunted and brave, Its foes to contend with , its champions to save. Wide is the field and great is the host, Ignorance, falsehood, malice and pride, With their numerous allies ou every side. count for it. Yours with love, But they'll vanish away and flee from tho light Of Truth, as the bright sun will banish the night, And Faith, Hope, and Charity, siEter8 divine, The Crown for the Victor iq glory wi!l twine. GOOD MANNERS.- S. Y. D. - in publ1c"andrjri vte"lilef Scripture enjoins us to be courteous, and to be given to hospitality, and the Savior himself, was a pattern of gentleness, tenderness and consideration to wards those lie associated with. " All these are principles upon which good manners should be based; there is no doubt I wish to address a lew friendly words to you my dear.friends and sisters, and have chosen this subject, and hope I shall give ho offence but merely express a few ideas tharwere jTroitf Inehtlybro lately. I had a few words written and intended to send them tu you, but on reading -- the heart and intentions are sometimes very good, when the manners are repulsive .and uncouth, and as the masse do. notlook beyond the surface, such persons cannot feel an injury is done to 'them, if they are judged unjustly. Woshould allow the warm feelings of the heart to'expand beyond ourselves, if we desire .to be beloved and respected. Good manners are a letter of introduction at first sight, and th0 Oldest heart must be thawed by a kind and urbane salutation or welcome- - Lamartine,' a good and beautiful French writer says "The Gospel i3 democratic, and Christianity republican;" and the royal law of the same is "Do as you would be done by;" all of which implies the law of kindness, of course including good manners. True politeness springs from tho heart, and requires . often a sacrifice of bur own comforts, and conveniences. Whore the spirit is loving, humble and teachable, there we find the material from, which good manners are formed; true it is that "trifles make the sum of human things," yet. the happiness of our every day life, ismado up of such minute particles thatthey must be felt rather than ..' made palpable by language. , I might give the routine of Educational politene s, and would uphold such as far as them to President Young, he opened to my mind such a halo of light and revelation on this subject that I could not be satisfied with what I had written. I only wish you my dear readers, could have been with me and heard and seen the plainness and beauty of the principles opened to! my view. It is undoubtedly the case that this waste of dress is not countenanced by those whom the Lord has placed to lead Israel We are all human enough to enquire the reason of this. President Young answered this question in language which I am unable to use. In this life we ii re really in possession of but one thing. Money, houses, lands, all, all are left behind when we go hence; and even while here, with all our efforts and exertions to keep them, with a breath they are gone. IIow true the old saying, "riches take wings." So that 'all that remains to us is our TfaE. This n'o! one can rob us of; but I am inclined to say we very often al. low ourselves to bo cheated into casting it aside as a worthless toy.' Consequently when we spend our valuable time in making up clothing which is elaborately trim, med, we both waste our time and those means which should be devoted, to sending . -- ; . . . for the poor, and in other 'charitable poses. Right hero some one says, "Oh pur yes J but Miss or Mrs. So and So have renewed their covenants and received the ordinances of jthe Lord's house arid other blessings, and they dress J extravagantly and wear all tho ruffles they choose. What if they do? Because Judas betrayed Christ does it foU low that all the. Apostles wore to turn traii. it is good; but the Homo circle should be - mile here. Shill wo encourage a 'love of dress because others do so? ? Most; certain -- It is useless to tell a lady that genJ o foljney dress to boliio each other and-flow the fashions of a wicked, fooiish world, I honestly believe that if you can com the centre of our good manners; to our ents, to our brothers and sisters, and to our husbands let our good; mariners be ever apparent My sisters the grand ' secret is to cultivate the heart, arid the affections, not to let the energies stagnate,, and the heart to grow cold; then the manners, will bo colored accordingly and wo will not see apathy and frigidity taking the . place of more genuine qualities in ourselves, and others. Friendship would then, spring up where now it is rarely found, and add another blessing to the many by which we are surrounded."" Let us then bear TriTmirid my you ng.sisters, - the ira portance of culth'a 'our hearts and minds, that in all things we may bo worthy the name of saints of tho Most High; and our- manners bo tho . pplyft1iev- si tlemen prefer to see ladies dressed ad neatly. They don t caro a fig,:plainly j they ill answer you; they dress to: pi ease, themselves."". Which translated means ;that intellectual. train- vhen a peoplTsnalIl)e prepared for the Second coming of our Lord, and in whom (Tod the Father will delight to be all iii all! Li 4 i ir 77 EDlTOIi EXPONENT I have often felt t . n 1 Smitjifield, Cache r t .' WOMAN'S VOICE. 7 ' 1. Co;, March 13, 1877. i , ;Lz . a. desire io bear, ray. tes- X. timony to tho truth' of this work,1 through your columns: I Know thiris theonly true church upon the earth, This fJa the stone that Daniel saw cut out of the mountain without hands, and kept rolling until it filled the whole earth- - So this work is rolling on, arid wUircontinue toroIl and crush -. I- V i Xhave long been impressed with the importance of the subject named alcove, both ITEMS-ON'DRES- S; y not f ing which Is necessary to;iinantain Lai perfect equilibrium in the balance of high intellectual attainments, ijandad vantages, which are around the Saints qt Jijtedays l hat by every means; however small) we may be assisting to bring aBoutjhejtima. '. lloi'E. andforsake their Gbdf index of that moral .and ; And well does the enemy guard every post; ; 165 ; We ors P O N E & T. -- ng - veverythinghatm a We are upon the -t blessed people abovo all people iaceMherihjveJj midst of thalfght therefprowe cannot see its brightness. I sometimes think wto don't appreciate our blessings arid privileges as we ought. I have taken great interest in reading the reports-othe,differeritj8etle. ments on the Grain MovemBnt,hir5ee.nis all have partaken : of the right spirit-4-this, obedience to the word of the Lord through His servant. The sisters Jhere are i.notTbe hind in that great work; we haveiilaid a foundation, having a goodly quantity of grain in store this year, and.wo will continue from year to year, ,until: i will said itnis enough. We;are .laying thVfouniY7 dation of a great work, and out ,'of smaU things proceedeth that which is great. :The Lord r requiretb lieaSand rnind ;.an(I tlwnUngand.Qbedie ear ihegbod' of the' Jand .of. ZionK'thesq ' K. f ; at CI - " . ( . : , , ." ..' Out beloved President of, the Rcjief, $oT ..last days. 4 "4 '.' : eiety, Mrs. ,Morehead,..is always' dp tlio watch tower, ready to help - tho poor and needy, to comfort tho sick and ttengtheti the Weak, and render assistance wherever it is needed. We have been affiicted with sickness this winter; arid had to part with many of our tlear little ones, but wo are ribtwithbufc hope, they aroJ ours "still ;if we- 'lvtV live fa 1 h f u I to th e principles of life ah d salvation, so' that wo shalP receive ur children again; our treasure is in heaven, let our -hearts bo there also. 'OVuIy tliis is a dayJQf t temple is built to ; rojoicinga ' n High-aEnsign to the people, wherci, they will flock like doves to tho. windows. Let us continue building temples, and? devote our time and interest to thabuilding.upOf the kingdom of God upon thev, carjth, f e? trenching from every foolish "fashion .and habjt. . Let our yarme ship of pur own hands. May the blessings of God attend all our efforts (o do good is my ' '': ' ' r ;. , ': r, prayer. ' M. Williams. ; Martha til 'l: u V" it: , . , ; . 1 : 'i v.. th;a-iMos- J . : 4 . Stuart Whelps is' r writing up of a story. the woman queslion'in This fanciful 8tyle.ofwritihg is oftentimes T ft foii v a n f fmnd: and man v Important sub-mind' jeet are brought convincingly to the never of. the reader in this way, which they. would havo listened to, or read, had the book been of a more serious character, :u i : Elizabeth tbe-for- -- : i'- ! 