WOK AW S EXPONENT. 4 XULA. CJllEEXE BICXf ABDSl, Tf. r,-...r EHJIELIffE B. WELM.' 'cpr'rtijpt1 Published in 'SaliT Lake City,' Utah. Terms: One copy one year; $2.00;. one copy Bbt month, 8(mi-month- ly tbpm Vand more remalris ri!i t ! t-- )) Address all baslnesa communications to Publishers Woman's Exponent, V'Wtilti:: Salt Lake CHty, Utah. . THE NEW , 1877. ; Yv lenjicated whn t1trm ."'fnim 11m nviU t hern on s sphere ieel; that .the power she holds is. po-tent. I f not, ;why should they'care? They are fearful le3t woman's spiritual nature actlngin feature of all the movements In progression, should so, improve the condition jpf the tex at large; tbat their power over them will be sensi . ; Mon- ePet-ticpatsj'sbn- gs companied the excursion and enjoyed themselves in various ways. Olsen'a and VVeizel's bands discoursed sweet music. President Cannon and John W. Young, Elder George a.fw friends withomenewlrr brethreh and sisters, went over in the afternoon tp particlpute with the company in their amusements. These Sicilians display unaViiai musical talent, vccal and instrumental;- -' A fine display of military on Decoration Day on the streets: of t Salt Lake, and from thence to Cam p Douglas j prog ram me for .the day: Prayer, dirge, orations, music; poem and recitation by Mr. M. M. Baoe; we were exceedingly pleased to see one lady's name on the list pf proceedingi though wo had .'not'-thpleasure of hearing her: Women did much to alleviate the sorrows and sufferings of the brave men who were wpundeil and wKo5 fell in;ihe late war and hey fchouM liave the privilege of ;sad :;' eventsmore nobly commemorating than dresVfng for tho occasipn arid t t'e win flpwers. This 'is W. veiy beautiful tribute, but woids.wiillivx.lirihc'hvaris of thoso who hear. , and' temptations wliich' surround 'every hand. - "v.' . Tho very fact that woman is the subject of io much discussion at ihb present day, shows that there is a reality In the work. she Is efthat men who fecting, and It' proves, moreover, ' . are , so afraid of woman stepping 'out of her -- theirJshr-acterisli- o : - liV " : , ' e 1 ioi Iay 27, a meeting: convened in the Bclief Society Hall for the organization of Ihc young ladies of the Sugar House Ward; Mrs. a' B.' Gibson; president of tbti Ber lief Society : of the Ward v presided. Bishop Wm. Smoot, and E?dcr Mc Ghee and Robson were present. Miss E. ' R. Snow, assisted by Mrs. Gibson atttnded to the organization. The meeting was addmstd ty Mrs;Gibson, ' MIsa E. R. Snow, Mrs. P; WobdruflT, M rs. B. W. Smith, Mrs. L A. Wei!?, Mrs. E. B. Wells and Mi s. K. 8. Bari.eyi Mrs." E. H."Whitney sung a song of Zlon. Bishop Smoot and E.'der OM ; n a MJ. Kimbali gave an interesting ac- count of her visit to St. George atidabeTem-yle- . Mrs. IronsfT president bf the Relfef Secie- ty at Moroni, Sanpete County, gave the sisters some items in regard to the State of the Belief . Society of that place, and bore a faithful testiwprk. Mrs. A. Tuft, mony to the Latter-da- y, Mrs. E. S. Barney, Mrs. M. E. A. Watmough and Mrs. W. East, each sjbke upon subjects .. connected with the work. ' TnE Vomans Commission;' House;has a large supply of lady's shoes, manufactured in Brigham Cily, for home markets, alto a very great variety of beautiful artificial flowers, - made Br Igham Gity;Nftiid-lf- e phi. We think that It wbuld be advisable for some of the sisters to make up some lady's and Misses underclothing,, anrl childjen's suits, and put them intp the Woman's Stpre for sale. There are many of these things made up in the East and brought here ami sold, when our sisters might have the profit of the making. Another article which is brought here ready made, is comforters for beds. There are many who buy these articlas forwinter, and for men gping to the mines and cafions, or for common use, comforters made l of 'the material Kere, llnsey, pr something strong, would certainly, be saleable. These articles ate sold in the stores' here' all the time, made of thinner material, calico ortoJored facby4he-slsters-i- n 4 peo-pl- !.:' iionr ;incl ilorir f day and Tuesday, May 28 and 29, Ml.s iBuslo Spencer was the recipient of a 'Benefit": :at the theatie Saturday evening, May 26, fhe arranged for tho? occasion a Varied and fnferesting prograiii me.' Th e com edy. bf le t of T h music,' apd llle;,alc6iy scene ' from Borneo ah4 'Juliet. TheBe wos a free: pxcuraioB to Lake: To! nt tenderexiito all the Sunday. School Superin- tendents an3TeacTiers 7in7Ealt Xiake City, bh Thursday, May 24th. About 550 persons ac- such great istuea are at stake, v there ts nothe ing which Is of more consequence to this thanlhe preparation which must be made for the terrible calamities which Lare to come, aud' wUi come upon tho .inhabitants of the earlh. The women of this kingdom should aivako to the great resporifcibllities which are ' resting u pari h em , a n d be sure they aro doing kli .that is peVsible to preserve themselves and 1 1 Fifield,Re-gento- entertainment in the theatre -- f iia tint ho fttfntnrv , Gen. Tom Thumb and wielgav pbmp'anJshani a T ; received a call from 0.;T. B. Williams, m'ents here. ; ! It , . . traUAJegardia 'byJUiqftarjds uppn thousands of prayers, and blessings earnestly offered :up by tho wpmen of the Latter day Saints. It not ouly finds its wayinto tlio:home? cf.tho people .of this Ter ritdryr but ithas gone as a. glad messenger pf salvation' to some, of .the most remote quarters of tho globe, and has cheered; comforted and inspired to noble purposes those who have read and Comprehended the power and blessing now being riiauV manifest among 1he Iwomen who are represented as thd'oflscouring of theearth. ' Women who have pro'vel themselves true to ilioieruilerncnts of hcavrh; and willing to Jay all upon the altar of their faitni Their sTaris ra higher rising and "ire Jpng they will take ' rank, In the annals of jiistory.' Babylonian fashriq ns anil cu stoms with', t h cir piide: and arn--i ara oocoonery. UniversityVState of Nebraska, and editor of the paper, Kearney; these gentlemen expressed themselves pleased with the cify and Its surroundings, and anxious to ascertain the ' tf Mm W."Wfn-te- r EditorvNebraska Atlas, Vknd L. B. Our reader are aware this cumber ushers in the sixth volume of. thp Exponent,, and we look jforwwdiwlth bright, anticipation to the gloHbuftvork Jtmay a wproplish as it .advances from y eaijtpejwv ; It. has, frtnA r tlie Four teen th Ward Assembly Rooms on Saturday May 2G, was interesting 'aii largely attended: Mrs M., I." Hprhe- - presided. Miss homet-industr- y E. R. Snow spoke-upoand thesisters at the faid it was the minion of essential the to best interpresent day. It was ests of Zion that the sisters should be energetic and persevering in this hpblerenterprise. Mw. SitK'lUm Wfi saints of, Glod; tiipy have been called to a higher and Jiojjertcaillngj lb'fulfill a'ihlsgloA-Wjiich.will stand .unparalleled in fwpmans records. It .wllj require all the ability, eriergy,faith and integrity t h aljCan be brought into re qu U it ion. The thorough system for the storing of grain agaiust a lay .of famine, whlcli 'has been commenced and is still In operation among the women of tUtah, is certainly one step in ad vane? of aby set or prgnhizatipn pf women upon the most, andprbducing8ilk. ;lhe room Is 16 x1 feet, . and he has plan ted out a quanti ty of mulberry trees. He calls the establishment v'Thb Fifth ,. WOMEN OF UTAH. ; ine has established a cocoonery In the Fifth Ward, for tho pti rpose or" raising silk wb f m s THE VOLUME--AN- D Tjik Geneuaij Retrenchment Meeting in . ; HOME AFFAIRS, ; SALT LAKE CITY. . JUNE 1, bo rpyeated h given tnem luey win uecome ait xnai ambitious could desire. ' Exponeat Ofilceij corner of South. Tern pie, andFiret East stt cctv opposite Eagle.Gatq. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every lay except Sunday, , ' t, .?.-,',- kpo'w fterrIf they carry out tbeinstructio'ns4ilready wtcsillJlach square, ten Imea pf tionparell Bpaec, one time; 2.00; per month,1 IO0irAL'KUml';Use6iint to regular AiT?i,tlacr8sTi huei The'' wbmori:; pt; ?tJta!i utl fpmetblrjfif44bese some things .; have" already, been ' reveared' 6 f " Robson made appropriate and suggestive re ma'k8. .We-c- n jbut i pngratulate the Society of that ; wa d on . the. construction of a good house, welhflnished and partly fitted up. bly weakened, consequently womsn wJH speak and act for herself and mothers1 instruct their daughters to fill higher places than to be; the iind V menial onlj?or wor8ehalihato 1 THE WOMAN'S EX Wednesday f , " - niinu-facture- d tory. The Woman's Exponent: This number is the commencement of Volume 'tSfxA The ponent is gaining a name and place as well as influence; and ranks 'creditably ,wilh other periodicals. No pains is spared to adapt it to the wants and interests of the people. The articles' are selected and arranged with the greaf-ecare5 that ncthing shpuld appear5 ip sbsck the most delicate organization.1 JWe have been r atJcuspd of throwing articles asitle'; j! Ve J do; Weahould be sbfry for our readers 'if we did not: and for purselves, we must answer to God and our own comcienf.e VfqrJwliaC 'w,eruWi11i,-Ourclesireis tp make (he pf true principleSj phraseology.;, to th Jpnditibfi ef the, people whose intertsfa.we repfe'syntf jiwwora Ex- st ; ; anr petihpxj'f . Utah oc4Hjpyjin.imppt.ant ppsittonandne which al;thq.wpvr"d is waitlrjg to 8jee(analyiet). Thea it: bebop yes tjiem to; bewise and ruoye cautiously; nnd itis.better.to bp ay"ttlfcsW-i'making statements,- or advandhgr ideas; than the like toe many of the j encoundayjhave to retract,; or retire from the ter signally? defeated J The Mormon; women will lead tlie :v&tiin thecquesUona'.whicli'are being agitated among the sex; whatever the world may think to: the contrari Ma'riv are "afraid topeak and talk of charitri1 but it U high time to speak, arid write anil act wisely and(well. Therefore we would say to our pa- v trons, write your bet thoughts, lay before the - i leading-womerrib- f ! : headers of the Exponent yeur best, tfeylsed, ana most economical senVmesfdr progieasl?0 In ali that periains lb temporai and spiritual 