WO M A N'SJS X P ONE N T. 94 JR., & . . . - r .. . REPORTS, . , .: ..4 i ofte4 contrasted ..her feelings 'jwhenr left to horself and when filled, with the spirit f work of .God is rolling, on ward, God not. stand still but put your shoulder to do the, wheel .and .help. r Do; not oppose any x principjeveaie(i; even th'ougHpma'yriiot"; . f i i U; r,tr i,..- . - . . , Synopsis of Annual iieetiug of, the .First; t Ward Relief Society) hel,4 .Thursday June t : e . . vMdiiV&ifd,if remarks and1, t gdiiiQ s -- appropriate 1 I. ntrpduced Mrs. Jlorrio to the audience Z Mrs: Home, adi dressed the sisters on the subject of home-industries, rererrea specially; jo the silk, culture and the tannery, also to the saying of grain, the building of Temples and the Woman Storo. Mrs. ' Prescendia Kiinbali arose and said she' felt' that Mrs. Home had ' just about summed up the whole' field ' of i salvation for Ihe lmnni race. One' thing we had which we should justly appreciate, the fulness of the priesthood, the new and everlasting covenant by which men and: women can attain unto . an i exaltation.! These principles, which embrace plural marriage, should bo taught to the daughters j of Zion in such a; manner jthat they: may: never allow- themselves to speak 5a gainst them. , Mrs. , B. ;W. Smith',; remarked so ,., many good th i ngs had : been said that , sho felt refreshed, and -- the. pinner f the sisters fl had prepared was Refreshing too, especially Y tho strawberries, which, wore really delic-iou- tosee .The Lord ha4 oiher slstexs the truth i shown heriind many be'iible , it: clearly. . ; ,,-Th- ; - I. r in 1 regard Itol pluralmarlagcj t drawn between us and, the future vhich wo cannot pierce with our natural eye Those who laid the (oundatioh' of this principle , have paved the w&y,: yet no maa or bmn' could bring forth this mighty work alone,' Lit Jvvas and is beyond their power; Mch ''; land women "without the blessing of God "' ' amrills asslStanco could 'iriever establish ' 4 home industriesr TUreat'afid' mighty events to transpire, are tratispiriner and are about" ' we land in whatever position may be called j to 4abor we are blessed1' When the elders ! go? among Uhe nations the 'Lord' watches over them;here we are where the Lord has 'blessed us,'and let us be Wiservirgiris. ::f Mrs. E. B. "Wella bore testimony upon plural marriage, related a little of her prao-- , ticaliexperience on .the subject. ,c Said plied had formed many pleasant and .tender as. sociations which she trusted voukl J),o last llie brethren taught the' same things jing, and, she hoped to be, associated with that tha sisters The'.' com- those (who had in passing through .this .' of church is ilio school of discipline bocome so dearo her) pleto orgahizatiph grand, The T welv'lo preach fhV, Gospel to all the rthrofl(ghoutth. endjes..ajg:Vs', of eternity. world , and, thft first fees'! d ericy to Wa tc Ji jThai mny thqught ifras a ierribje' thing,-over all e 'orgkpFza but she 'had found happiness )ri . if. She al-- j ' should teach i heir children tri pray, aiiol to ) so spoke 'on' the storing of grain, of the ' ahd care It would be fo'rrthesisters but begin; when.yonng Jt6 pay tithing'.' Wo should watch' oursel ves arid guard those 'tin-dbelieved they would be blest in it beyond our care faithfully. We pray to the ' what. had been anticipated.: ' Lord towatchoVer His kingdom 'hero and Mrs. E.' S, Barney thought that the the-or- y fulfill alFrighteousness; Wev must do our of bur religion was good, but we mnst part. That we may be faithful to every in order to receive the : it live practically : d u tv and hn nrpharnrl f r d r a I in (ho benefit. We are all organized and class!, ence of God, Is my prayer. Mrs. M. p. fied in ourselves some of us have capacity Young expressed her pleasuro in being as. and ability for certain duties and others for sociated with , her sisters; spoke of homo other duties, all of use to make up a Avhole ' industry and.sustainlpg,each other; also of and perfect organization. If we would the in United wo that if were !seek to understand ourselves and study being Order; thus associated It would ;bn like one strong wo could enrich our minds very cord binding us together,:and if one started we and have the sentiments in our much, off togoalono the cord 'would be weakened, own books and papers, our home literature but each one that is added makes tho cord that is good for tho youth and the aged, . stronger. ;i Wo must add to our libraries ve made. Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells said she felt the a to read our Church Books, and jit point kingdom of God was rolling on very, fast: there are powerful testimonies in them,of . she never realized the extent of the work . the. truth', some of ,us have, abilities.. that "t of the redemption of thedead as she had rare. not brought iutp use, wo have not had,. since she had been in the Temnlo At Rt now. advantages in the past as we have were There George. heavenly influences The Lord will help us if .wo look ' to llim there, Sho loved herreligion and desired for assistance and guidance' I once heard to livo faithful to .every principle contained Br, Brigham Yoimg say "what am I except in it. Sho'felt sho could bear testimony to what God has made me ?" The Lord will the principles of plural marriage, and taught qualify Jlis servants; and handmaidens for her children always to respect it' whatever position 'lie! calls "t upon them to ' Mrs. Martha B. Young bore her fill. Shemade some rematks upohJ hoineT ; testimony to the work of tho Latter-days- . She doindustries, the land, ;tho mulberry trees, sired to lend' her influence toward tho.es-- " customs and fashions, 're-- ' tablishment of homo manufactures. Sho marked that the world was filling up the was interested in them all, and the silk, '. cup of iniquity. culture was one of the subjects now before Mis3 E. R. Snow then addressed the the Relief Societies. We should do all wo 1 meeting: said she had sat and feasted on could In that direction as well as lay up of the sisters;" many subjects had the words dried fruit,; and dried corn which was an1 been ' brought forward that were of great excellent varietyof food In the winter sea-importance to this people Remarked we . soni Pickles was another variety that word not sent here to consult Our owiTcon-sciencecould be made at home, they, were much if She herself entered; into tho better in quality than those Imported; for United. Order when she received tho Gos those from abroad contained adulterations pcl; her wholo soul; was in the work ho which wore unwholesome. In Zion had; then; embraced, and unless she could by oiir own people were blcs3edto livp to accomplish something of worth sh' , us. Mrs. W. East rejoiced in tlo .priviihad.no desire for life;" her heart was in the leges and : blessings of the .Holy Gospel; work, and yet how little it seemed one persaid she had received tho testimony of Je. son, could, do in comparison to the great' 8us, and could say ' aallo Vaid on one occaswork to bo accomplished. The Jo-- " ion, theso aro my fathers, mothers, brothin his lifetime, had saidprophet seph, whenever ers and sisters who do the will of God. Sho ' was there ful'y would" organized !h!,hurch 5' : . , ifllwavs bo a Relief Society, and everyvlr. tuous woman should bo a member: chastity was '.the test. . We are now, so .organized that in doing ouj; .duty we are a strong ,ban',an4.t iCAn'.accompUsii a greatiideal : Tln7ergrn ' we. should be .'united. Are. we , exercising all oui abiliiies all our. influence for Zioh? LWe jniiat put our jrusiv muoa,. round, un ouf shbiilders, and help to accomplish' tho Storing r;6f Grain for- Zion. ThV Lord has pot called upon us todoon;' wo can; do , too much'- - Wevhad" our Grain 'Mission" late!last fai!,:but wo made a good heglnntng. ' i of her: whether she thought it necessary for the people in the section of country where he . resided to store up' grain, remarking i that it grain country,; an! agricultural district. Miss Snow answered him by asking the question whether they had: good crops secured to them for the next fifty -- r if Ttrrmlil be consistent for the sislers.la. store some grain. Miss Snow continued: ,")Ve are cointerests are one, operating together-bt- fr and all tend to the same object, if we are working .with a true purpose inivjew.?'. Sho considered a sister1 who stepped forward and assisted enicientlyin home industries, the silk culture, etc., was doing .just as much as an Elder wTho went forth to preach tire Gospel. We must be clothed, and we ought to manufacture bur own cloth; and there is not as .much interest manifested in the 'subject as there was before machinery wTas brought into the country. We must stop this importation of Babylon n ish goods. We nave not at present the Ory here we ought to, have to aid us in home enterprises. Can the sisters do anything in this direction?. How many of the Eisters in this house, have homemade . apparel on? ' Unless wo. temporAlly, vaora . I . : : . I ' la-ib- of - er ; ; to-da- ; ituaily., IIbw;many qf thq sisters here; are in rpnresented throuch the "Woman's, Store?! We t,bay e, visitors ho'me-manufa'o.tu- : , ' want to stand here making rep6titiohs. I am happy In my' duties, because I know I am working in; the righ tdirectiori;'-y sisters, can d ispense7i til a greatmatry -- ; , lli?T!rcr , u rally : , : - L : s. : iw'ri tinr ari 'T JfvmtiMl. ih"?t every t h fng etegadt and 4 hlnl?" like to have ' ! the-Babyloni- --- HIP : beautiful arouhdme,:but I adapt myself to my circumstances. :jW em ust make out own ornaments, our; owtv clothing, and; beautify . 5 rn 'natfons.' to. see coming jheie' from..yari.P.uSf ' our home, productions ; Aye. can-- ' represent you there; it is ii. testimony that they ban take'' awdy with theiri. They Took around and see the products of our hands. Miss Snow said, You;and' I, nly sjsters, have respohsibilityrcVtlng u po n u s, bu t I do 'n 0 1 f ? I ; d s j . 7 are-save- . d y ? : things-prepare- tVinf ma-chi- : , Tim Krntfior nnnplnrlprl . -- good-book- Was a ; - ' ' 1 : s. 1 5 Miss Snow alluded to a coriyersatidn ;'sho had with' a brother In regard to storing up graih, shortly after the mission had been - ; in the right 'direction, and;at'tho right tinie. ; ? I have of bearing gtrong iStrangersin calling there are we are an industrious. people. Many good, candid people vMt us." Y Miss Snow, in closing her,remarkF, said God bless you.J iinu . strengthen your, nanus to laoor, anu may youi. becomo so interested in Zion and her future welfare. thatryou,xnay, be able to risGnaboye all , the "little "perplexities and innnoyariccs of fins .Hfe"l : iisa Snow, then rTPfprrpd in a Inclv nhn iinrl mnf in Athens. !Greec"v,.whose.alber printed the. firsi.'e'uV :inn of the Book nf MnVmriti. nriiik indv otlestions had a3ked:hcrnlaln. toattnr-of-fac- t I about plural marriage: "lib W men supported many wlvesr how they lived tocrctheW etc: J" i said she did not know'-whshe should do the-Tpportun- tes-tiraeni- es; ityi tion---vinc- -- a a m 5 : ! at a ed 