. OPENING IBAYEIt'BY ELDER- .F. r D " RICHARDS, AT THE FUNERAL OF PREST. BRIGHAM YOUNG. ; 1 - r tig; name of our' Lord Jesus Christ we implore to rest down ii:!mnt&ql'ly6iy4BpMt this Vast -- uion ?b6ti$fagkU6ti?AhMtye:miiy. worship before 'thee in the spirit of meekness, and the beauty qof holiness, and In right and proper frame of mind which belongs to the Saints of the living God.3! r ,We thank thee, holy Father, that in thy kind providence and heavenly love, when thewbole earth lay In sin arid wickedness, thou didst break; the darkness ;and send JIght d; blessing ft o the human family by" thy servant Joseph that thou didst cause the angels of .heaven to minister to him, by which 4hy.will has . been revealed, again to man upon tne eaun, ana tmno authority has been restored that th o righteous may minister. In .the name of Jesus, the forgiveness of sins, arid the power of the Everlast- " - , -- , i ing be UovenanujW unto And ;w)i thank thge brought again thee; Father; that after hiirii when he had sealed his testimony with his blood , slain by the hands of wicked assassins, when the ciiuitu nuo juui uuu ityuio uu iai 111, thou didst give us thy Servant Brigham to continue those labors, and to spread abroad the knowledge of thy will and to establish -- U thy government in therearlh;H ,i& O Lord; this (morning, we are called to partUvithlithis one 'Of Jho noblest sons of thy numerous family; and Ywo , cannot bu t y-n- : ; recollect the :rvariety. the multitudinous : ACNl SI I E XPONEN W0 dlorio can'TglveBlesswe'frayl thee; Ihe wives ofA thy servant 'who has departed. May they entertain, that truthful, faithful and virtuous Integrity to him which is most : s becomingfbr them, until they shall embrace-hi- m again, to sharp and rejoice, with him in the fullness of the blessings of immortality and eternaIilives:. BIess thou and comfort .and honor his sons and. daughters, . the comriiencem earth '0 Lord establish In theria throwcove ers Of, the everlaitirigpriestncwda riant, .that' they 'may be enabled tb 'live to hpribrfthelr' lUustrious Mher; "WH Temember hi3wd ; forward a rid rwho are p Joaa: pexfbrrried;herO jUppn the earth, . But ! r 1 uuu.1 &uuw It.. iuui wu.,rv uu uui jfci ma wu reiUizu flirt nrfont rvf tVinf. lrvsa whlnli vr Viovn cna- - ll.4 tairied bv his departure. Thou. Father, hast made him to be a great captain in Israel, to l.eau yvpinti irgmunua ui, great uisiress to these retired vales Obo" earth,iwhere have been abun hpin dantly given unto us, Where he has been permitted by his labors arid loving counsels ' in 'toj'estabtish thy people thy strength and Ijlessinf?; W which 'thine' enemies nrid f h aV enemlesjbf thy ridople.'arid thev tod in bui Vdfy' tnidstV have' beeii' vanquished ' by the power of faith ' that iV planted in the bosoms '.; of thy Saints. We thank thee for the' great r been permitted toxio f on the good XjartH 4ind ' especially to thy people Israel. And wo pray that thou wilt grant unto us luav nv umj iuuuiu ivt uuu iu a piujCX uuu.. oicceptable manner; that t wh He wo realize our loss is great, we may rejoice, our Father, in thn nntlcrin.ition nf.thnt Inv whinh hn nxr In , ,t r tiAr i nnnvo cnltn r ( j TuiAnl rtnrt , ilyrum and thosbTwhOi havo irorio boforo of I, tho sons of.. the Faithfnl, even Abraham our ancestor. O tord, wilt thou lot that prom- - ... 1 . , 1 1 1 XT Sf'rtil Indnnnnn UlUDObU AlliiUULlt.l fllAl IiIaodviI A ; rt IL 4Vn Lil V . TaIiiV Ontsil' 1111 IL. lllll 1 L 1 andtho presence, of their spirits attend up , and;bo felt by this whole mul'Give unto us thoso sincere and intitudetelligent Joys of the .gospel ; that, shall lift on uso-day- ; bur Bouls abo eyerycarth care arid! sor row,, that we may bo established "In tho principles iof truthrcvealed and rej6lco inn tho restoration of the keys, powers and au- thority of the Gocl; x 91 ; And wo; pray that thou wll't comfort the hearts ?of tho bereaved family and houses hofd with such an exalted viow of the char to thy people and to actor of as enable shall to say, FatherW each them thy will begone!!' Bless jhe absent incm Tbers of his family, his sms in other lands; may they in their ministry and studies'feel the consolations of that spirit which Heaven : thy-dealing- s fors of 4wary ffdr thou ast promisedid jght the battles of thy people. While hundreds of thousands are dialling , by! pestilence in other lands, here in'our valleys, once a wild desert -- but nqw; the r homeoftbyjsain abounds plenty, plenty ;Jor ma'jfiarid.' i'for and praise beast f For all this we r,tba ' thee O thou God of Hosts, y Bless, O Lord, thy servants who may Vl on this occasion. May their words speak ' be full of consola tion and., comfort j to all those who mourn for wo are all r mourners before thee this day. And may we who have with thy; seryantj so live been ' and so labor that we may come to a peaceful and happy; end, and our days be like his, that we may rejoice in pur labors know jng that they are acceptably done. We : co-work- ers tleship.1 yHayfthey become great: lights fri their father's house,' those upon whom the others may lean1 for assistance,' for comfort and for support 'in all the walks of life. . We pray that thou ' wilt comfort thine Elders in all the: earth; this day; when they hear of ; these sad tidings may the Holy Spirit mini ister.to them, may, angels, visit them and make them. to leel that all is well., . -elpray theeto hasten the day when the great,work in whichithjr servant Brig-hatjias .taken ;so active : and prominent a part) shall ; be extended and magnified more abundantly in the earth. ;We thank thee, O fLord;Hhat thou jJidst : inspire him in his I latter days to build and dedicate Tmriples'uri toothy rriamearid to set In order -the priesthood thereinptogether with alt the ordinances thereof both for the living and for the dead, that thou didst move up, V dedicate ourselves, our families this people arid work unto thee the Lord our God; it is thine, and we are thine, Direct all things to the glory of thy name, arid unto Thee shall be all praise, glory and honor, through Jesus' Christ; our Redeemer. ' Amen. ' benediction was pronounced as fol-.'- c- --T- he m , t i , on hiiri tdmofe fully, organize the' people, set Iri;order thyfchurcn7andjclothe thy Zion more abundantly with the powers 1 of the : ! :? i ;: : r holy prifeSthood. O LonVnow that ihou liast taken him, let thy blessings -- come down- In greater abundance-anpower upon thy servants who remain; and preserves thy people from any manner pf Jsdm ordiscordv i And let those.; upon iwhom shall devolve the duty ": I ; -- -- d . andTrresponsibility ofii giving; guidanceevto-th- y work upon the earth, abide in the bonds of the everlasting. covenant, and may ; the revelations of thy Yll be given unto them, thy, Spirit l)e in them, and thy coiinsela be made mani fest through them ;td all.of Tthy people And, wei. forget T!rio tpeelc ihy blessing upon, thy aged 'seryarits, noyeri.' - . ; , ierabldjearsiihe brothers of thy servant Uier,'be fabl6 tbpur Iay Brigham to emulate ni6st a jglorieus career of the' hcnored dead whose remains are 'riowiefore wo pray that thou wilt lengthen but their days until their eouls- shall bo satisfied with this life, and then that they may be' gathered to the glorious hosti that shall attend to Wait upon them. ;"' ' ''U.toii r Wo beseech ivdf thedulFFather f o re--: member thy scattered Israel in every part; the Houso of Judab,- the Ten Tribes: wherever they maybe, and the scattered remnants of this land in which we are permitted' to dwell. May thy word, go forth, thy spirit bo diffused, and the power of the. priesthood that thou ,hast; restored rest not until Israel be gathered, Zion redeemed, Jeru: salem built up and thy glory restored to ..' 1 ; -v:t- - -- -- earth. ,,. -- ,.: ; 1 : ; soris-whohavesteppe- ' -- T. 'yr-y- We ask thee,', holyfather," to.;' rece'iyp' bur thanks this morning, for wor acknowledge with, gratitudo the peace that tho:hast blessed us with. Although thou didst suf--. fer thy iervant to be Imprisoned .for the truth's sake, thou didst preserve his life until ho could lay down in pea6e in 'his "own house and' habitation, in the midst of iijs loving family and devoted friends. Bo pleased to continue peace upon our borders and In our iiiiddt, icservo us from the hor-- . Elder Our; Obson .. Hyde. Father who art in' heaven; in the . .. name of thy san Jesus ChristJ wo tender unto thee .the gratitude Of our hearts for 1 he peaceful - Influence that .has pervaded pur -- hearts .on the .present occasion. .Wo. thank thee for this Jovely day and the sun jthat shines so-- , brightly 7 oyer .pur heads, while the earth is illuminated WUJ1 a grand display, of Jhy. glory. .s , hi:y, i We, our ; Father, In solemn assembly, have met to pay our last respect furit6 oar 1 departed friend ; and i: bVother,1 President Brigham Young. Wo ask thee; O Lord our God; to seal the instructions upon our hearts, and may the words which have fall en from the lips of thy servants on this occasion! find place in the hearfsAof the hontiesire eter est and the:upright,-thosevfc- b : nal life, in thy kingdom. ri Grantyheaveuly:Father, to bless and comfort, the family,of thy. seryantiwho ba left us; may they find favor with thee; may the Spirit of .the, jU)rd .breathe upon them, And bring them the. balm, j of joy and coin fort, opening wide the door for, immortality ?pd a glorious with him In ia, time.yet .. --; i- - t ; , ... . ie-uni- on to come. ,t ,, vi;Pi all the saints here asaem- y . - Bless, We prayj " bled let r tny-gotjpiri t rest jb'poii allf that we may feel to renev bur 'energies' and tnat rw5 may jformt renewed determinations to serve arid hbribr thelirdOur God,'and to carry out the instructions wo havo heard but ,; this d.iy, and not only on this occasion, on form er occasions, that we rriay bec6naq molded and fashioned unto thine' image i od , mil likeness;. thatiwhehahe time comes when wo shall be called hence,: we may 'be prepared and qualified to mingle our voices and join with those who have gone before us; where. we can behold;our leaders and God join with; them in; songs of ; praise to Faand the Lamb. Wo beseech thee, pur ther, to let thy blessing rest down upon this attentive assembly, and upon the i'rieat hood here asserribled. And while we con-- , of template that probably drily ; .' "the pqople of! this region are hero wo pray that our friends inay. be in ex- spired with the. spirit of Intelligence to nmSOnt On -- -- ; . one-tent- h, asscm-"bled- tnnfl Ihn 'snmn fr this occasion.' : ? fTl f Ihnf nrn Tint ' -- O Lord, our Gpd, bless thy people; confound everything bpposedjo thiri; and let tho truth prevail let Ziori arise arid let hor light shind like- - the rising sun, that she may fill tho whole earth. ':y We ask thee, our Father, to remember : 