rh ' j? 1 estoOTENCB4 J': .... Elmira Water Cube, """T1: : ; : N; Y. June 22j 1877. , ' Modjfcalj ; receive my lanterns; sweet" music wafted through the soft evening air from the up- -' per verandah and the parlor decorated with ground pine and ferns was filled with illustrious and gay guests waiting their turn to wish "many days of happiness" to the sweet faced bride in blue silk and soft laces, and the proud groom, who fan in hjand gallantly and lovingly -- supported and fanChinese rest tyr a ehort! seasonI say 'momeni with my books and recitations 5 thbugft : i lira'stilL 'Ipntya reAd! pgob -3glVihg t&ih&fTSatfater has a "power of its own, no' one will deny,; especially; if skillfully applied. The end of all medication Is to assistNature, not to do her work in. the hands of for her. The Healing-Ar- t the skillful, should, be a resort to furnish the needed prop or stay when nature is failing or has failed until she rallies or rebuilds with z her - inimitable t molecules,, as ; 'with bright toe w bricks thelw6alTplace; in the ecoriomy. aiThe f resources should be equal fleik is helrio, and spirit to all the : too, If we.c6uld, only grow eye to eye in faith and scientific knowledge; but to tell situation .tLjoliheiterl.Cefirsi'the on a hillside the is'; lovely so resembles much ; city of Elmira; which, ;8aItLake City nestling at the foot of the everlasting hills,: and, gladdened with beautiful green Itrees. LThe .Cure iconsists of a large! main building four; stories high with a verandah :on three! sides of 'the first and .second stories. - Xhere is a large wing at each md of the building one! connecting with a separate cottage: by a high balusjrad- ed walk between; the ;second storiea. In front is a lawn -- finished with a doable row semi-'circ- of, pines armugedrin: the form of ;a and inclosing a walk between them. Totha northKWest is a shady glen, with, its trickling streams delicate ferns and There are some sixty or seventy all patients in the Cure at present, (almpst beladies) the greater number: being abe tween bath hours to employ themselves with light needle-worfancy i knitting, are conreading, walking etc, Some-fefined kto thiqir .rooms or easy chairs.' The order of the day is about as follows. - At 6 30, a; .':m:( the rising bllr rings, breakfast . served at 30, a, m. j those whq are able go to the. dining room, those who are not have , a tray carried to their room.-r- After break- - fast those who desire, repair; ; to the "parlor for the morning service which consists of a short readiogln the bible and prayer by Dr. ;;Wes (gentleman,) and singing of aofhymn. both TbP medical offices are tnow opened Mfi andj M rs- - Wales, theTpanentsawaiting their, turn tox adyic9!5r txeatmentKOflac hours-- are followed by balhs.eacty patient a-! Baths fe prescription givencting commence at" ten o'clock and continue until twelve ; tho different kinds are,-- hot air, (miniature Turkish) full, threefourthsall sitz, fin. foot, head and foot, pours, etc.;.; and jshed up with.such vigorous, slapping .that the massage by. robust; Scotch girls of blood sleepiest or half dead molecules are sent madly coursing, on ;theirv way re, inyigorating with newing, enlivening ami .the system. Din. process of new Ufa by a nap at i p. m., followed ner is served three t" until employment or con-o'clock.; when Lbaths ..begin: again ,and iarojcach of a v- ttau&ontil fivc'o Tho ibaths to specified, time raging from one minute onoihfdf or Jhree quarters of an hour. The tea frsll rings nt six, after which two hours Is whiled away on the verandah, jn the parlor, in tbo glen, of : a rjdo until the eight. ills-the- over-lookin- f g r I le iorget-me-not- fl. k, wj , -- i . ; - ; - ' some-ntBh- At 9 30 the bell announces the time for all to retfre to their rooms for the night. Last Monday evening the son of the Drs. Glea- their wedding tour. TheCure and grounds were all aglow with the various cojored j sf 'pleasairt came' for the ladies to tako their baths. They told me it was not curiosity that prompted them, but said with some degree of earnestness "We want to know the truth, and we like you; we have read the books that hour. son, Mri Edward Gleason; and bride Held a reception here, having just returned from Editor Exponent: , ifircTife V;feen tbns'ia o'clock bath bell rings for those at ; woman of his choice. In Mrs. ned,. theofilce-waWales , s arranged the: beautiful of silver, choice china and glass, ;f bridal gifts and an elegant . pictures, pearl opera-glassall black marble clock, which hoped would never cease to tick through all their days of united joy. The dining-roohung around with evergreens and bedecked with flags of the'Union, was filled with merry strains of music which soon won. all to look or to take part in the graceful" cotillion or giddy waltz. No refreshmen ts .were seWd;ut iced lemonade flowed freely at all the side tables. Among the guests of note, were Eev Thomas B. Beecher with his charming wife 'and adopted daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel L. Clemens ( 'Mark Twain' ,) Miss Virginia Townsend of Boston, an authoress, Dr. Harsba, author of "Life and Summer" etc., Mrs Moe, (whose poems W. C. Bryant has praised,) Dr. Up. De. Qupp's heautiful wife, and a number more of the first ;plti-zeh- s of Elm irjEThe evening was one of unusual pleasure to all. is very cool for June, The weather y many of the patients requiring a fire in others seek the genial their rooms,-whilatmosphere of the parlor fire. ; I expect to spend a few days with my sisterar and brothers in Bloomington, Ind., and then I hope to hie me to my mountain home as fast as the laggard steam car will carry me. I go home heart hungry and soul starved to feast on the society of my dear family and friends. As surely as the temporal economy will starve without bread so will the soul on scientific knowledge without spiritual food . I do not say I have been barren of spiritual gifts for I know the blessing of the Lord has been with me to sustain and help me day by. day. I did not come east to preach the Gospel, but I know I have many times and in many ways broken down prejudices against my people. It has often been said to me "I am glad I have met you, for I shallalways feel differently now towards your people." When I first came hero air were very genial until in ahswer to 'f jvhere is" your home?" I said "Salt Lake City," like wild fire It went the rounds "she's a Morrqon," when at once the atmosphere almost went to zero, I was thereafter received with freezing calmness, arched eyebrows, and threefourths angle of shoulder and sometimes a quiet good morning. I quite as calmly accepted the change but fervently prayed to the Lord to let truth L triumph, and now the change is maryelous, pleasant smiles and greetings, warm shakes jpf the hand, Invitatjonvto visit them in -- their rooms, and Interview after interview requested, and the most intelligent of the ladies greet me on all sldei Only a day or es m to-da- and heard the lectures against your people, and now we are glad to talk with som e on who thoroughly believes in the faith." They said they never heard of any elders preaching in that part of the country, and when I told them "my husband expected to preach in these parts they said they should cenainiy go io near aim or uuy tociuer iney them I could hear of. In listening thought verily the Lord is using the books and lectures of apostates as scourges to rouse and awaken the people to look about themselves and inquire "where is the truth question when once thoroughly fastened in the mind, gives , some promise that the truth will be found it seems necessary that the inferior who have no light should sound the "gong" to awaken the sleepers so that the teachers, possessed of light may have the full benefit of their attention and quickened faculties. The Dr's. Wales. (Mr. and Mrs.) are un wearied in their attentions and care of all around them and are admirable and successful physicians. Dr. Gleason with her placid and intelligent face, is sweet assurance itself to her patients that all will be well with them. I fear the length of this epistle is out of all propriety, but since I have passed the Rubicon as it were, and have rested a little, I want tosay as much too much, as before ?"a " J too lit tie--. . With the earnest hope that I shall soon be able to join with the faithful my mite towards building up the Kingdom of God, I subscribe myself your sister in the Gospel, Romania B. Pbatt, e : ; two ago I was closeted wljth three ladles for two or more hburs answering as rapidly as possible their eager questions and explaining to my best ability the principles of our faith. The conversation was continued ovtfr to ahotbor day because the bath girl M. D. THE EFFECTS OP BEAUTY IN NATURE. BY BLANCHE BEECHWOOD. "But mighty nature bounds as from her birth The sun is in the heavens, and life on earth; Flowers in the valley, splendor in the beam, Health in the alet and freshness in the stream." BraoK'p On every hand we behold LARA. the beautiful calls forth from us serious thoughts; admiration and aspirations; of a healthful tone and an elevating character. In the pictures which surround us there are always subjects which cheer and inspire, which actually preach to us forcibly, in us that; which characters which the intelligence within comprehends, although perhaps indefinable in expression. Nature in her truly elegant simplicity is the foundation of ail education. The lessons taught us in this simple fashion are lasting, for they speak to the heart more than the head; and it is the education of the heart that is most refining, and that Is likely to be most neglected. The impressions made upon us by particular outdoor scenes, rural or sublime, as occathey present themselves upon certainand at sions, in certain lights and shades, the various seasons, bring to bear not only the happy association of the time and place, and force us to remember them ever afterwards with pleasurable feelings, but they speak to our.inmost souls of what is real, and far more positive and tangible than tne invention of man in his wisdom can produce. The artistic excellence of the worfcs of the Infinite .so far surpass, all that.: manhas dono,or can do, that we are lost f n won- 