.' 150 - - - ,- RS, REPORTS. SIX Co., Feb. 13, 1877. Editor Exponent ' I t j b By request of our honored Piesient Mrs. L J. Walters. I will undertako to write Mill Cbcek, ' ; ? ;.' . ? you a brief xeport of tho proceedings ofour Retrenchment Association, Qn account of fieirrjBsgnafipii. of pur- former president, - ' ' ere ?we xepfiedb.: 16:1876: the As-- . sbclatibh now stands as, follows: Mrs.' L J. ' Walterspre3fdenV Misses E. Carlisle, Jan -- aters Adelado.IjQw-- ' 'WkjSarali Amelia fir Morgan and Mrs. Clara J. afd, , Hawjey,, Counselors;. Misses j? Melinda;II. North atidt; ttdty fe'pceWiBecretaries : fencer jxira. jiiargarer reading of minutes and they annual reports After a few remarks by Mrs. E. Brown, the meeting was ably addressed, by th& bretfirennamed afcove; they spoke highly .ofjlho efv fort thd sisters aro making ,6avin grain. Thought perhaps thtt'didpi.Xoung;intended to ;shame the i ;bret,h,ren for their BaperiMendent. ..'We told bur meeting eVeiyyiiwp, .weejss vand 'those of thb ciris who attea'd .seem to ana quiioun interest in jne meetings : ;'-i' are united;. ddr Saprintendenf wo rave a good and abld conhielor fn whom we Have entire i confidence j she'teaches us many "gtod ana .useful ! things r concerning our" religion, and glso hpwttowalkin purnevery day lfves; ";Mackties-inbey- years he has been trying to hyo the people see lay up mo grain. was .pieasea ' t the Society progressing jthel r li ile mi tes were accumulating' to a great 'amount with whichithey'rhight boableltodo a great def 1 of froodVsboke' of Pur livihfri:in! unity , and i oneness and tryincr t'o kepali;thd command. inents of GPdj gave1 many goodunsels that will long! bo Tcmembered' by all who had the pleasure of Shearing4 thorn. eportjbf tthe year ending Jan. 17 1877 Itecoived, in iuhdries, dondtiori, ami dlv-- ; ; 'r-- ?ide.ndj from store..;. ..... i.vJ...; $ 7:,'-:.il.0,- r; 1 . , a c4 the girlsiiever toMyanythinganli Plural Marriage, and exhorted them to bo as far as possible. They also Instructions pertaining to silk gave ui culture;thotight wo might just as well dress ng Bomo in sillas;cotton;heyexhibitedomo of beautiful silk fringe which specimens Jiaci been made to usd in ornamenting the St. 4Gcorgo emplo, also a silk handkerchief ;of homo rnanuiacture, all from the ele- tab. Referred itP tho Woman's S9fii Gayo us some instructions .upon prayer,, showing tho manncr in which it fihould; bo conducted Metc.; spoko against thought,, the W?$$ti9lliz had better, listen to tho counsel,young;pecple of. a man of o fWy-fiv."yeijb jexperiencerand,.1proiat there-bthe . whole . wo had an Upon t excelleht.meetinga gpod spirit having pervaded throughout. , All ,went away feeling inat they had been moro; than repaid for , y. I n 4 9 that er visit; irom tho fountains head, and wish- ouwuaa w mi insuiuuon 01 imprpve-men- t, ' wo remain your sisters, r 5 ISABELLA WALTEUS. PrPst Al. . 11. IM0RT1IY . - H Ei Spencer J Secy's fin Pleasant Grove; Feb. 18. 1877 Editor Exponent: v ;i ft if r -- . . 1 '' v if Wo held our Annual "Meeting Feb. 1st thero .Were a goodly number of ladies In attendance, alsoBros. IThomas Wooley Lewis Harvoy, and James Ballenger, who moyf.i ; i 1' I. E, Brown.; ; - t ,;. .; , , Opened by prayer sioging and tho usual fievdto-belbg7unanImoufri seconded 'and carried that " MlssEl. len Ricks be apppinted;,pre,3iaent!',Jna Misses Sarah" J1.1 CanTah'd CatchlrioOlHq, CbiiriselbrsfMiss Lydi Crochett, Secretary, 1 Miss W R. fSnow 'then1 explaihed that1 as moved,1 poor;' For the Temple....... Organ, forieeting .House.;..., Capital Stock: -- Provd . mmg - '55 75L tings dnd raise - t ; 1 f,i ' , spirit of; Goanlpiro over latterSaint to do : His will that thby may receive His blessings ; vjqgqthqr fe:wM fef thbught-th- . Prcs!aMISow&Wfen -day i p did'otwfsh'to1 detail 400 00 the meeting; said that.througn unavoidable circumstances wodid!hot commence sivjng grain as'soorr as wb wished tbj but' weT haye; selected bur purchasing cbmmitteb and have1 on hand about siity bushels of 'fwheat and are making arrangements to secure! moHf if oiir Heavenly1 lather bleges us with a bountiful harvest the comlhfr season we will then try to buy up grain enough that our little ones may not cry for bread; and some of tho beautiful mornings of next summer the tisters that, ha vo agreed to make a raid on tho harvest fields and gather tho golden heads of' grain that the harvest, ers have propped, will; bo ebowingr, by ' their pfeseho' there they are earnestly en' V 13 in th '.' gaged great w'brk. Wb have three.ciy lots fenced and redely for growing mulberry trees; some spputs that were'pianted last spring are doing well, and we?expect; to: plant moro: this cbrtiing -- s theyclclinea thenjbbMa Ob; $ 1089 13 m;l:li-'i'"- manyiwayulnsiwhich; Jfieayoungf .sisters xo.uld1nal5e.tttf mseivesuseful, and i help in -- &(i mldiehrtp if i t .continued her remarks byfoxplalning'th thelreetings andljbejnited) 515, 38 Property in the treasury.;. - -- hft jyagdomuof Qod.ii Shet,. enf jolriedupon pipm punctuality jj attending - :lii Factory.....Al..;..: UV.vJ.;;, .' spring.iMay tho iherselfc was presented Shd als6 'advised tfiem ito:'' choose i&l Treasurers Miss Sniytf! i theh 13 50 Threes City lots.;i. Total -- ';r6Q;'0Qj L- ; Sforo... Shares In Ccbp 'thfrpresident cnbsenVaSnbsedtdhdfwas her privilege to choose her counselors he. self iwouidibe wfed to leaVe1he "xhooiing ot ithd other Gbttuselors until He pf esident ' ; ments of - ' building-u- 11 20 Disbursed for fencing and . ...i...;.....;:,. 234 95 plowing Jots..; .Tft tho .Association and is fully alive to her duties We take the: Exponent in bur Association ,and read selections from it and "the Church orkan tpur;3ineetinggwffOnrth8 16th of Wed Jast, we h4:a :8ociaI party, which was conducted in .h&ViXWK stylo, fbein; man; aged eecjaU Association; beginning at 3L prm?-an- d was a 4fuli attendance and all seem satisfied at the close, having had an enjoyablo time. The proceeds of the party are to bo used by the Association to buy grain. On the 24th of Jan. Wo were favored with a visit from Mrs. Zina D. Young, and Mrs. E. Barney. They gave us excellent instructions on various subjects. iaution- - 115- - 57 t:sfe;iui;.;Mi..M..;.....i..t. i Ofnat XXcl Showed that, Wore, proceed wn m reorganizat anedo know whether the y9uns M?MEea4o ,. be' organized and if bo tcf m4af9T Miss E. B. ingV with f 1 p - -t- in especauyj.ta-kee- Iho AWolof Wisdom1 andrtorea' gQoa books; gave ,much- excellent instruction. - : self-sustaini- She counseled'tue gins f - -- 1 '"-i- - of silkp j iTho meeting i- 'iimrnAfi'ttaklng a i cl08el-byJberiedictiohfrob- nim '.nil Bishop Irbston. ht'; 7.01 . r. Since thenineetirigr mentioned above the remaining Omcerahavev been cnbsen: Mtii Emelind Jones, and JMies Esther . Lcish-ma- n Martha Bittens 1 Coun- 4 Ruth Clarkson ?ttSetfflnd solors; Miss Julia: Baliff. BL iss isaoeua .Maviaspq, ireaauref. rli 0? ' J 1 Editor , f?Tho . rExroKENT: ' i 1 f i ! t.; J r il4 ' ;' r , - interesting subject tof silk raising is of m uch i m par t a nee j ahjl.silk may v bej cul--4 tiyated as a profUahletlndustry to many the: inhabitants of this.. community; rtho mulberry treo :wili row( j.nj j most plaqes in, t this Territory. t:IL tho cultivation, ofsilk wero commenced, byrths jpeopiq generally, 2Bc4RVj r?!!?Mi?in gferaUonwpld v ;i Mrs. F. E. Stuart,- - Ass't. Sec'y. . Minutes of a meeting held in Logan Doc. 5,187C, for,tho reorganizatipn.of tho Young, Ladies' llelbenchmenvAssocition. :i- feting having been called torordcr Mra. ElizaT beth Benson,; iidbnV4pC ho iBelief $Sch eiety of Logan was appointed by unanjmbus vbto to act as president of the raeetrng, Miss .Kennie .'llin iecreiary proteni- After the usual ex:ercises bf singing-ian-d' prayer (by Bishop Preston) the presideiit bf1 the meeting rarose and said shof as very thankful that'the sisters' hhd 'como' from S. L City,to visit and to redrganizb the yeung ladles, that he hoped all fwbuld; bb uniteoT in tho object before tho meeting, Mrs. E. Howard then addressed them upon the subject and said. that the ;time: had now arrived for itho' daughters of Zioarto" turn their attention to many things pertaining to the interests of the kingdom of God. - '. 1 recline and'nmhufatnrInV, xconld 'employ mWyandpfifituhb-cmmu- The total manufa'cture'bf silk in'iralue,1 ia 1874 ih Am'6ri(;vasrtw'eht-mIllionieighiy-tw- d thoiisand; four lidndrbd ahel eighty-tw- o dbilarsA ;Would no Wtah Alo :3well 'tosiake1' anT effort forcher? share of this jimmensolin-- 1 comQ? All iiul litrics have thelr.cbmmence-- r meutarid shoald.havo their progress! irEhei forr.l874J fallowing ia tiid; ta i be! Of 'the; diff rent branches of the silk in- dirstry; thrown and , spun silk embrace a-re- : port ? 5 j twentyrsixv i i fistablishpeqts , jfcalf .being;-inNew Jerseyith.jm thousand pnd; threo horsoyveronpjhun- drpd enty,nine thqusandonpj bunn aiid seven ty.eight thro wing spindles; r area tjQO numlr.f.of, hands "employed in amount was four il.ousand and twenty-six- ; of w'ags pMid, nine hundred and forty:4Te .W; 