EXPONENT.it WO KAN'S 81 y 6 der at the thought, and feel that there must exist higher laws and more advanced f principles of science by which, the great structure of the universe has been reared, and holds its mighty equipoise. The laws and principles of men are transitory, those of nature are enduring, - ; hrntfri A reporter for the Commercial walking along Fourth street, yesterday, observed ; the school ; moralist, Dill, gazing upon; the photos and statuary in Robert Clarke's window, and Knowing the genial moralist as a ready' talker ori school matters, and one who says straight- outVhat he thinks, a short interview was proposed, which contains a few points of interests the Board of Education is now about ' to cut on the school shekels reduce the teachers salaries.;' f J'ou" think of porterMr. I)ili, hat- do : rrr rtrr the Tuctiotrinsafarleir? Dill I don't think much about it: ; Mrj , .' Millerrls aver excllentJgent;emkn endeavor to reduce' haveMthibgJtb saythecari cdt yit upf or dbvyn $100; or $200.- - I haVfe;iVetnty years' study to school business; ;ti4v6 passed all tlie examinations iriOhio in common school, high achbnCcoegel and if the Board iwisbces jtoirejducei my salary and belittle my position X shall, saynoth-- but-h- is to the rank" of uneducated employes Is but an endeavor to perform a small thing' in. a large way. Reporter Well, don't you think "that school teachers are, under present "circumstances, overpaid? Dill No, sir; the teachers ar not overpaid. They serve the community well, wear plain clothes, HVo ;in very moderate style, and only have enough to eat to keep soul and body together? The truth is, If the teachers are to get lower salaries, dress in poordallco and jeans, boan or live (in alleys or unfrequented streets, and slink, poverty-strickefrom public observation, ischol-teach'er- - s ? ing labout Jt, 1 3hayse W TKiferWd- - seyeraj children, two of :my-- children are In,' the schools, and I? think Mf. 'IiUexf9 jes.olutlori y will not v bo prayerfully regarded . t yrajj-m- - house. : timation of children and parents. Reporter--Bhard times seem to require a reduction in every public department, and the teachers should contribute a little in reducing the'publicburden.T Dili No, sir;, you are indulging in a mild form of financial nonsense;5 The teachers are only getting'moderate salaries, less in fact thin the teacjierofjother cities are getting.1 Suppose you reduce the teachers' salaries $5,000, what will you do with the $5,000? 'The money U earned and paid right out by the teachers to grocers, seamut . " " . . , - 1 e stresses, board inghouse. keepers,' &c; the Board cUoCT $10,000, will' the $10,000 be saved, wilt it? be, better aDDlied than now, will it reducetheltax'rates? .No : - no.-- ' ; 8lrv '.. .' a -- Sup-pos- ' v'- Reporter Well, I hear that the commit, tee fWlit,Teiore in-- , iaybH of oft ten z catting ,; ; per; ctiroT.yourkiariea;' " i - !UP i ?-t$;&a- V.;'' bo; hut jcaire noft in The Board canicnt my or dowuV but if th,ey cyi'doWn salary up ofthe female teachers, they; will entitle themselves io u littlo: merited execration. ReporterWhy not reduce ;their ' V salaries, as well as the principal?? Dill The Principals are supposed to be fa -- lnVrte ' ' CHlLDe UABOLD. v menj in an emergency they could, possibly, tne.women can not. do something eisorbut , v v s; 14EPORIV' R. SMiTITPiELiy J'un1 14thf 1877t v -- Ebiroic 3SkpoNfekT$ 'Dirr;":G r,ryj I send you, a, report, of our mnuaL meet- n, the effect will be badvery bad, upon the schools. The teachers are engaged in work intellectual and moral, and if i Mr; Miller degrades their salaries, dress, home and social position, the teacher Is degraded in the es- jpj.CExitDill.: , i , "Cincinnati CoramBrcial.' -- -- jSchb . - miir-munn- The beauties and sublimities of nature -- He Opposes Reduction, Particularly of Ladies' Pay. moss-grow- n : her-canc- es ( . . WITH PRINCIPAL DIlX' INTERVIEW being associated with scenes and images of ueauiy. xjviy mumc., wuu. ucaitca uci child to possess fineness of soul, and aspirations of the1 most exalted . nature1 should surround her home with flowers and shrubs and foliage, for they begot and foster influences that will grace childhood with pleas. . 1877. PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS' S ALA-- . - ; HIES. from continually coming in contact, and rapture oa ibe ktoely shore, rocicty where none intrude Bj the deop sea and music in Its roar. I lore not man the lest but nature more r m am ines, our Interviews In which I steal from ail I may be, or hare been before. To mingle with the uoiferseaod feel What I can ne'er express jet cannot all conceal. ' I. City, July 9, S. er, sehool-eadhin- :, - There le-port- nip-tent- !" of germ of life that is eternaland capableelomost endless reproduction. One of the quent and touching sermons of our blessed Savior was suggested from the "lilies of the field." How insignificant is all the wisdom of the wise men of the earth, when comone eternal principle of the" Inpared with r ; finite. There is a kinship and fellowship, with nature that all intelligent and honest hearted persons must be conscious of, though some may possess It in a fuller or more exalted degree than others. The love which is spontaneous in our souls for flowers nd shrubs and verdure, brings to our hearts a freshness corresponding to their sweetness and simplicity. One must certainly be better in feeling, better in life, prepa- ration for the position of teacher; and, see here, now isten to wha I am saying. God never in fetidi!1 women ;to waste their lives in per cent .school 'teach-- : not k bit of it. :Wpmeri wire Ihtended in, g for wives anil mothers,1 but is a dead lock against both. WhfetfalydungL woman commences to teach scnool she loses nine chances in ten for marriage; if she teaches five y ears, for marriage and the dear delights of motherhood are but one chance, in one hundred, and if she teaches ten years Hher chances for max; riage .and; good social position are but one in ten thousand. : I tell j oiir, Jrepe jfiis onsidere ougliCtoTv hundred and more fe cinnati, and of thes at as willgo n jplaln funera Is a unknown unldyedjfan fact not generally ireaie that ,the man who reduces ihie drbsi, lipmo' comforts and pleasures men does an u nki nd n ess, a crufeltyy an' un- -' iiieannes3'w)iic mitfjd forgiven in this world noif 'that tb SoJnSjf; J do tibt; thenfavr re Repbrter-rY- bu . of salaries? duction N as cfirnM I far tty,owo i DllSp; every side are to all mankind a perpetual miracle, that no human mind cart ever wholly solve. without divine assistance! and while they call) forth our most rublfmo ad-- ; miration we involuntarily exclaim, "How; wonderful are Thy works'Lord God Om possessing the antnessf mellowing and smoothingmuch and that would otherwise be rough,-drearhard. Pqint out to the children the beauties of scenery, implant in their natures an admiration for it, express to them your own love for it, and your own thoughts concerning it, and let them understand the charm it carries with it to the soul of the beholder. In such simplo fashion you may help to make home pleasant, ;ahd develop your own powers of expression, while you call forth from them the love of the beautiful, and educate them In the lessons which nature teaches. The exquisite touches of beauty and coloring of all nature's landscapes bespeak the finished culture and nnliah nf brain that transcend alf mortality ,and ought to engender a consciousness in every person that possesses a spark of innate living divinity of that immortality of the soul for the positive knowledge of which every intelligent being yearns. What grandeur of thought is suggested by the association of strong, majestic old trees, by stupendous and .lofty and vast ledges of rugged and mountains, ragged or what rocks; tenderness and gentleness by theexquisite loyingly cling mg tendrils of .some luxuriant umbrageous vine. And who that has ever dwelt by the seashore can forget the g surging and of the great deep,and the language it seems to speak to the soul. The and attraction linger with those Whocharm hrive been reared by its waters, .and n dreams and memories to they recall it the- most distant period of their lives. r These lessons which nature teaches alike to all,,,0perc up. avenues .ot that carry us backward to past agesthought and forward as far as the vision if thomind can extend. vTlaaplwsuwlnthepathieMWood, ' l There la ft ' It requires from five to. eigtit; years' that ; we continually ; behold around us on ' weiring, field; Jday ) 2 thj tended pin we had a goo tin?e'M Ther rel pori .fo" the; yeafr Property on 'hand, donatirjhs; 'dividends tn, st6re,;apd suWriea:!.::, Disbursements 19 poscnob ahd1J f3u535 on. Society .house;.: Property belonging ;6ifeoM-'- i V tkllM'W, : js;:66vfiC 1'-- - etyvoux;hers;bti tjtaliri R. K shares lnXop itore, kniU1. ;ting. mabhinei 'vtlik'i&MatU:. lis good 3ishbp7Saniuel . in- - structibns ifjegfard'4.jto hombmanufacrurej wishlng.us' as a" Society W ng$ej every branch 6XJ nbmeltfdust pecialiy tb; pfani m'ufbrtHer antlto" raislrignr mission -- given id the woinen of Utah.1" buf -- climate U rather mul&nyj but; wo' intend ,to obeV cbtlnsd! and leave;tho f e--! suit with the raV'1-- 1 cbli-faFtH- a- imnnTsome PreslnTte good' ;cbunsei upon pu'rfdutles1 a3;;a'1 Belief Soclety;;sald in Jboking rjac olho :time When we wereiirstaii sp much: improvement hai-'itgavehe- r and .she1 hopeij WVouId' 'continue to progress in ''the future, r v :' ; ;r rJpy; -- 1 : We have almost 'finished our "Society ' House, and the n Vo expect to ' have" m ore means to Jielpbuild Temples, and for any - other good; work lhat mayBo. needed. Hay ; God bless th eExpoNT and every building "up --of god (wqrk " thatls forr'-the-- f::.: a; ;r Zipni; f.r.:;. 1 : - t , 