WO xniDeyfIilabappxtea!cs!,.;. ' eyesl that live ! ' 'stained to-da- y earth, might intervene To leave its adqnsj. -- Weep all your sorrow 1 6hade away, Te shall look on .the living Lord; Mine eyes! mine eyes! look only up To heaven's pure and sinless height. Q that no vision dark profane , r , O blessed eyes! Weep happy tears! let morning's pure, And silent night's cool holy breath Waft far away all earthly scenes For U?ou shiilt look upon thy Christ. O might it be, that when Hiseyes Read through tnioe omr the heart belowT They shall be clear as pebbled stream Through wh'cb we see the Uow. .. 0 blessed bands! and shall ye He In the pure clasp of Christ's thy Lord? UnaaA ttanilcl mUK Via1 ArtwiA That Chriit the pure,.t he victor King, O'er mortal trial, mortal ein, unstained.passed, weak, this all we meet, Shall look in mortal eyes and smile, And bless thee by His own pure touch, 0 blessed hands! be pure thy touch, O happy feetf tread lightly on O'er thorny paths tho weak and sore, FprTft,ahjtU!.tffta4 "the blessed earth,' , That Christ's own feet shall press upon. O feet koep firm and pure thy ways, On dust too sacred for e'en lips To peeps j yot steps shall fall. Thrill eager heart and brain and ears, Thrill, flesh and blood, and thirsting soul, rKw4rl , " y; , BY JJLANCHE BEECI1W00D " , ?S S?. r 1 Chapman. How necessary are good works-tthe complete life of a Saint of God; the per-to be desired: if our part in life be ever so lowly, our means of; doing good for others ever so limited, with what wo havo in our charge we may devote ourselves to accomplishing some good work. If we extend to another the comfort of loving words in the hours of sorrow, of doubt, or we are even in this syeet temptation, ministration doing deeds worthy.to.be engraven in the herald-rof good works. There are various ways and means, by which the truly good earn to the inheritance whichmay m y the-righ- t ac-cruesfr- .good-worksr-oestow- ho" bounties of the earth upon the poor, is not the greatest means of doing good works, it is perhaps the easiest; to givo without thought,of .what has been liberally to us, deserves very little credit; but to dovisq, ways and, means whereby the Poor may, provide rfor. themselves, and become happy through a competence ;iniee--ompenfor labor, Is far mom ambition., to be acfmelaln?93t;arr dis-curse- d se "s counted generous in giving, but the 1 no idea of arguing equality of sex in this article, but only to advocate good works among women. This! eeerris to bo an era of woman's works, and everywhere woman seems awakening to an interest in i person who calculates the real benefit . Association Hall, Fifteenth and Chestnut streets, was thronged on the 15th of March, by a brilliant and interested audience, t be- Annuals Copanienpe- - 7 ing the; Twenty-fifth- i mentof. the Women's, Medical College of 41--1 . -Pen nsylvania. -1 ; i The degrees of M. , I)r were conferred by the President, T., Morris "Perot, upjnr,Uie 7 :: following graduates : Frances N. Baker, Martha M. Do Graw, Elizabeth W. Smith arid Mary . A.1 Young,' from Pennsylvania; Josephine G.' Dayis, .and Henrietta B. Woolstbn, '6t Nvw Jersey ; Caroline S. Pease and Eilla M. Whltaker, ot New York, Cornelia L. Board mahj of Massachusetts ; Elizabeth B.! W Forbes,' of Delaware; Elizabeth A. Follansbe, of California; Romania B. Pratt, of Utah; Elvira Buinfer and Elizabeth' T.', Richards of Mich-- i ga n , a rid 11. Joseph i n e Vam u m, of Ma i n e. The spring course of 1877 commenced on Monday, March 19, and Will continue ten weeks. It chief purpose is to procure for tho students of. the .Women's JMediCal. Col- lego of Pennsylvania, all tho advantages of those improved methods of studyin-troduce- d : , ' . . , -- , " ; t into medical institutions in this country the last few years. The essentlaf features pf .these aro : First, a progressive course, ofWf study; second, an increased amount of- - demonstrative teaehing,-wi- th : t utTeh f t"6 s he 6al il on ti rac 4 the work pa' i p ' : ' ,:'7 ". T", Woman's Words. : f ; , ' of Miiy r tho 'cerdJ tho ' statue of: Fitz'.j Early in the mouth mony of unveiling Central iJreen Halleck Park, r ;New: Yorkr riYffrit tlei jwjile give a poem, and William Culjen; Bryant -- will deis the first liver an address. . This-siatever raised to an Anaericaii ppetiind will be near those of; Shakespcaro and Walter '" ' Scott. -- ; ; will-take-placo- - -in- uo . i ; ; - WOMEN PHYSICIANS. ss . '- - ' . - has been said by inspired menthat 'Hhere w ill be more women saved than men and tlieir good works AviH be the mcans;of theirs salvation. Good works; aecordiogUo (the Scriptures, is the object of our creation.. "Fori wo are his workmahship7createt' In 7 . Christ Jesus unto ood. works.' V .,; ; Salt Lake City, April 9, 1877- ; . ; the times. It all the prevailing subjects of and wo are better prepared to investourselves with that mantle of charity which will make us more capablo of living by the golden rule of our Saviour, "Do un: .' to others etc." Good works, however humble, as surely shed a sweet fragrance through the whole life of a person, as does the violet perfume tho entire , atmosphere whicJv8urrounds. it, What is it that comforts us in looking back? It is ,tho recollection of. good deeds., It is.that vve havo ministered all in our power to the' welfare and of oth. ers. These reflections are a solace In every ."''. " :'. lonely .hour, Let us cultivate that love' which is exalting in its nature, w hich tchds to :strenglh-- : en every good purpose." Seelc to d(ryelon in ourselves, and call out in those" around'us - the strong affections,; out of which- - spring ' earnest faith, which incites to good works ' arid heroic courage In the path way of right';- ; r I I had fellow-creature- s, true-happine- r J ' i , km Am -- GOOD WOHKS. -- v ! - For the EXP0NE5T. ; ; trgi Q'T which are necessary to concentrate the efforts ot all man and womankind into one grand 'and sublime purpose, blending arid harmonizing all their various powers and attributes to make- one glorious whole, where eVery part and portion will assist in forming a connecting link in tho chain which will eventually bind together all who love jGojdand do good works. :,. Wo ffind many passages in the Holy Scriptures certifying of the good works and Influence Df, women as well as men. We are all capable of doing good works; it is, the power of good deeds that makes one's life sublime.,; It matters not how lowly our sphere, we make it noble by the manner in which wpi liver Wo cannot be too particular how we order our lives. One of tho Apostles in former days, in his exhortation to tho saints," said. "And let uy consider one another, to provoke unto love, and to good works; not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together." By meeting ' togeth-- , er and Interchanging thoughts ' and ideas we become in possession ot a wider knowledge of human nature, and of the attributes, powers and gifts of different person's, and are enabled to understand what the causes are of various individual peculiarities, and thus our viewTare enlarged, our sympathies increase'd to do good to our maintaining "public positions,; and intitu- tions for the higher development of wo- - man's capabilities. .Woman, need lose none of her graco and sweetness by making herself useful outside the home circle, if she be sufficiently forti-- , fied within. It will be too antagonistic to her sensitive nature, to overstep the necessary bounds, and go farther than duty -prompts, for love Of notoriety.f The tlieoryr very "generaily" conceded places' woman upon an equal f man, that is, if man is stronger physically and mentally, woman has the 'advantage in and spiritually man's sn--' 'r being morally ' ' andestablish "thB"tupeno!ousinstitutioM" -- .,JFox.aa.the light' Not only serves 'io show, but renders ua . II . MlvHiaHv Wflf iK1n. i ,j piuuiawi Cv uui lives, In acta bxemplary, pot only win Ourselves good names, but do to otherd give Matter for virtuous deeds, by which wo live. s"" co" troll t te-rsxf- i awe by the force of its might. Thus may the good works of the Saints united together, carry them into the great ocean of power, that will control the elements of life, Augusta J. Crocheboit. . I.f j. yj. For ye shall in His presence stand, And see His'face, and hear His voice. Fear, mortal frame! lest In the light Of H3 divine and beauteous eyes, Which read all life, ye trembling fall, And burn away beneath their glow. 7 vhichmopwso7afrai( . the riches and substance of masses of people; and in the final end of their course mingling the mighty river of water with the great abyss which holds the nations in . Which ne'er Shall die, j est beginnings have the mightiest consequences resulted. A few tiny drops of wu ter gush forth from the mountain side, there has just been sufficient latent force to propel them from the surface, they trickle down the slope and are replenished by rain and moisture in their course, and other diminutive streams flow into the narrow bed they have formed, and unite their currents together, accumulating more and more as their oath is ever onward, until they stretch away into the vast distance and become powerful in and of themselves, and the great commerce of cities is borne Their mirror gaze. - ; i upon blemish-touc- h , theso will1 (promote I tho to wfong-dolrigrowth of sterling integrity of character and nobility of soulpthsii will enable us to endure all the vicissi udes ,qf li A4ty retain the true womanly bharacferistics, g; , For ye shall 'lit your mortal life Look" on your Saviour, on your God. 0 blessed a steadfastness, to .withstand aUtemptatiops fellow-creatur- e, A PROMISE. .. N-JTv -- of a will, by the ingenuity, of his ' brain and the magnanimity" of thought, look farther than the giving for im mediate sTTccor, and ,thusperhaps inve n t that which will provide labor quently its equivalent in food for the manyj Good works are great works in the truest signification of the term. From 'the, small;; FortbeExrpNEST. Mine eyesl ' S E X PON E M-A.-- 1 -- - - . - . -- ; . . t . 