4 silk, spun and colored by Miss Itockwodd of this city. Mrs. Robinson of 'armin jrton is now weaving very elegant dress silk. The loom for weaving ribbons is nearly completed at Bountiful and Mrs Wadoup of that place u nderstands the weav i n g -- of i ibbons In the hand loom.. There are many here from Europe but moit of them have been accustomed to the machinery run by steam,, ,'. which has not yet been introduced here Hrs Busan Stringam and Mips 3. A. Rock-- , wood, 13 Ward are prepared to lake pupils and teach them the art of reeling the silk from the cocoons, at $10,00 apiece, f ergons who are intending to commence raising silk, would do well to take advantage of itbls opportunity. L Among the home manufactures, we are pleased to announce many useful chemical articles for domestic use by R. Matthews & Co. Every article used by them in manufacturing, is subjected to chemical examination by Prof. I.Jm. Harfoot and piparednerbis direHionrj They have the Bath Band Tablet which we can recommend as clean8ing,aud can be used without injuring the most sensitive skin. Baby , Toilet and Shaving soap of superior qualities, for wo .dwotk and all housealso scouring-soa- p hold purposes. They also manufacture the Essence of Jamaca Ginger and essences, which have been tested by many ar equal to"any manufactured IsSehee. Writing fluid, g of excellent quality and free and from adulterations, also waterproof p aste which by applying 'to boots and shoes, wet feet may be prevented and render the leather more pliable and endurable. It is to the best interest of the Latter-da- y Saints to patronize all home manufactures. We would recommend the Relief Societies to form1 Clubs and send to the 'Woman's Com mission House of this city, and get the abjye articles at wholesale rates. ribbon-weave- rs , I boot-blackin- ; TnE Woman's Commission House, established inthis city under the auspices of the Relief Society, and called the Relief Society Woman's Mercantile Association, is now doing business in all the departments of dry- - goods home productions. This enterprise has requir ed a great amount of indomitable energy and perseverance on the part of those who have been active and efficient workers in the cause; and the Meters of the Relief fcjocietv .throughout the entire city aini its viciaity should not. forget to whom they are indebted fur the tiic-- . cess of the institution thus far. It is ita infancy, scarcely fix months airice still in it .was established, and it needs the practical suoport of the people, to ensure its future tnccess. We sincerely hope the presldenta and cflicers of Relief Societieskwill bear in mind that this institution represents their Interests; and do whatever is in their power to sustain it; and those who devote their lime'so'ely for the public good without remuneration. ' Complaints have been made by women fn times nasi, that" there w3 no place where home-madwork. could .be olTered for tale, and fairly represented; now let the sisters be earnest in sustaining a place where all have equal opportunity dls- -:. or articles. loso such .kUii y e' HltK AssociAiToThe Deseret Silk met, terruant to adjournment Friday, Asao-elati- on , Apr. 2, at the EirdmWa Hall? t ;1 , , rr ; ' Mr. pJAi Schettler in the chair. ; j Mr. PilA Bchettler said 1 he season was fast approaching for r commencing to raise silk wonns, arid by present appearances we wonld hv6 iegih much earlier this-- season than U3uaVai the trees were already bnddlng out.1 lie thought the interesV fu silk culture was , ! . progressing, as there were a great many mak- ing Inquiriesnd planting out.: trees. LtHe Jhad had confidence that silk: could' be raised here for many years, and now; it was demonstrated beyond a doubt, that it not only could be raised here, but couldie manufactured. :iHe strop giy urged that thjpeopie plant put tres as that was one of the most essential pofnt$r He said our prospects wert goolt for getting ' inacbinery for spinning and twisting," and reported that the Treatisejqnjjilk raisihgwas read v "and could be got by applying at the Woman's JStore, 01d Constitution Buildings,, or of the Secretary, second house-- east of . Fireman's Hall. They are ten cents per copy. . ... ,;..,.: ;. Mr. Smith, of Bountiful, jaid he jadvhed all that could to plant ou t trees: and cuttings. The time would come when the people would wish that they had planted-o- ut mulberry trees.; Silk raising and manufacture would yet form one of the greatest sources of wealth to this , . What eefviee oouM we, renderf? wo were always glad, ; We igcafcel coijld be tender! f; J -" . " " the teriderest and most beautiful sentiments or the human heart wouia be. dormant and. unknown were they not created and nur. z tured by the hand or sorrow. jTrWe cannot sympathize where there is, nothing but joy,we cannot , be f gratified, when we do not need the patient ministra-- . tion that springs from pity nd; forbQaring. ... -- r: - love - :. i irrl :U:tjI: A littlo child leaybsj its motheVa I knee anldjwanders put info Thlf world 1q the wondering infant everything may, bo bright and beautifulapd j i joy ou3 playfulness and u n re3trai ned, frolic, mother. is soon forgotten, bu t even jvhile it plays and gambols, flUedwith all the joy; its: little heart can ; holdK the air , Angers are. stained, the white garments become soiled,, and then perchance the little foot. strikes ? ' . TO . . and in.her.a,rms tho tired infant. sleeps per. haps, sobs for awhile although sheltered and: ana.sare, ana cleansed rrom une impurities of Its i heedless wanderings; - what - was- jit's - ; ing refugQ?rainiiand,to? often -- weifaiLiO; THE RELIEF SOCIETY : f-- hidden JOck and; therpJsjpMnjthe first thought, the rst.cry, is 'for. mother, a: fe W: swo , fWprds of .syinpa thy. .r j a caress,; For the Exponent. ; . spnae ' Behoved Sisters: ; t ; " i- --- -f Meeting adjourned until the first Friday in May at this place, at 3 p. m. R. Simpson, Secretary. ibi es rtiarne . . . r of life,,! who hayo to look upon e'vil;as rjp'rincirjtn 1' oec to and sary happiness, yet woaUnow thafc : J . i quan--lilie- - H ISartb ..woald grow'eold and nlD4ce4'i? Ita sweetest consolation, ; ?? "tktIr sorrow never claimed pur hearti . tr 7 ' And every wish was granted , , , Patience would die and hope depart, V ' J J " ' ' ' '' Life would be disenchanted." l !::': tUx This verse, one, among many that we find without nanieto indkatQ pnersip, struck myjUtentionV ment worthy, of, study and. reflection to those Who have not yet learned ?.the; art of extracting sweetness from the sbitter.'expe-rienc- Very interesting and encouraging remarks were made by .Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Higgs, Mrs. Hardy and others, and all felt encouraged to . do their parts. Mr. Schettler said that to those who had children who wished to try and raise some s. worm 8 he would give some eggs in small . ? 1 1 going to plant out some trees. . ; Mrs. Morgan of M ill Creek, was going to try and raise some silk worms this season. tl ' j iv - ...f t ?r lDd our belovnever need"' ?f V uufpliieaiMnfetratio'nfpfi'f-'- i . " ;;1 'T cuttings. Mrs. White of , Mill Creek, said ibat her, dau gh ter was learn ing to reel si k.4 JShef ha d pJaute4 out a ;; -- 1 f . ?, I think if . jrommuu ment. We ought to en courage bur children in it and by so doing we .would be teaching themsometbing'usefiil, instead of their being left to, wander about the streets in idleness. He bad planted out from five to . six hundred i i.. "If nona were tick and pone were saJi v i 1 5 ; SWEETNi- - BlltTEIt . remember and draw near to pur.CreatQr:up-t- il smitten, as tho littlo child, ,wif hi a;ne.QpV of care that earth has failediio .glvejanda pain beyond the power pf mortal to )teueh;: It is then that our higheriiaturo ris up; and We reach our hearts and liands hY0Brf wardwith thanks for the pain, and;evil jtljat has brought us nearer that diviner love nd, ; I wish to call your attention to the mission given to all Branches of the Relief Society by th6 General Conference held Iri : the Temple in " St. George; which mUiqn of the BiisiNa "Indus-trbranch Home of This y Silk. important naslbeerj long neglected,alrJiQUghlhr6ugh; the eftjrts of a few, sufficient proof has been given of the practicability, of its success. Millions of additional trees shoulo! be produced. Kow is the time for setting cuttings which should be attended & immediately, .to take advantage tof this year's growth. ' What the sisters cannot do with, their own handf, Solomon .."Iiuilt' the they may bring to pass as : i ...-o- i uhi Temple." More anon. . , f the Your great cause the inj fZion.establishment ' .; Eliza R. Snow. ' j.; Salt Ciiy, April 10, 1$77 i and searching iorthq stricken and down-cas children pt; sorrqw, ana even as it nev-- : er ails tO; pom fort i thp: hearts, rand uphold; the hands stretched out for aid, so should sympa-- t our hearts respond to every call-fo- r thy and care and pur hearts bestow, hiess-ing- s, for In blessing we Vnre Iest,,.'and In V comfortipgiWe are comforted n ? ' ; fellow-labor- . ? -- . Ike - MJ I I - ; c , . ...... v I wour.D sayr theni Imost emphatically 'Bring forward the young woman." The next score of years is: In her hands'and Iri ours brily as we lift op hers. J For ' us it is rnowthe ChoerfUl eridaraceT'of patient pii- -' grliflage";4 for the young woman It isthe? struggle, step, by 8teri;for new fooiholdsj The future of WomaaJis with her, and not with us, whose eastward falling shadows U are so rapidly lengthening;";1 ' ! ."" Maria Mitchell M -- " --jp- fof. TnE;iitlo (bf Duker .was 'introduceol info' :Eriglandtby Edward-JI- I ' bl 6ddJfpyal 'q n t il th e reiga 'of zpil ne'es-- fJhe Thbltitto Edward be(mo extlndtdnVJ v-- f T"TTT5 j,, , :- !T -,- ?.-,v;tt er - : i Vl' TderQueen :Elibethlh;7i572.bat revived lt; ragnld;f 'W! cluke 'maYqualify "' eight chapfalns5; arid a 'd lichessl Wd. ; ; 1 Don't look dht of rniilrbad"Ccar i windows when they' are Ppen.The habit 14 exceed i - Ingly injurious; tos :tho! eyes,' as tho'isharp draft of air 'caused by rapid :i motion; badl aiTects the "optic nerve" Severarcasef Jof ld total blindness have recently-bccarfef ' , : : England from this cause. 