114 WOMAN'S EXPO N E NT - R. S. REPORTS. 1 - i' Alpine Cnx, pec, 19th, .. Editor Exponent: i the Society since the firsfbf July of this year, all of which has been received 1 , byjdonations during that time. To assist in reparing public Jmn ts of V NOTES FROM MARY CLEMMER'S -f- LETTER. J 1876. .. , meeUng.houso.... Desiring to be one "with our sisters, I write a few lines to the Exponent, that you may know the intentions of our Relief Society In regard to the saving and storing of grain. The sisters fire responding to tho call by .:donatingi:liboraIly of the small amount of means at their command. It is tho intention of tho sisters, as fast as means can be obtained for this purpose 4a-- f the Society, to use the samo?,for buying grain, The sisters, are interested,-andesire to make the business a successf ul one. We remain' your sisters in the covenant, To tho 86"50 21 85- - pobr.i.A;i.?v7vr ..Vork done for those in need...... Tota.:,;:...;...rii5 'C : 30 S. LCitv, jtliJ! Ward, Dec. 22, 187C. t Editors Exponent: 1 Our esteemed Pres. Mrs. M. I. Homo has requested that X send you a brief report of our ninth annual meeting which "was held d e aUkoSpcietyJl&xMuW5 MargaretMcCullough, Prest.,.An.n-.AYa- lton, Angela Vance, Counselors. tho-first-vi-- More than the usual number-o- f sisters wero in attendancej;and wo were also honored with the presence of Bishop Thomas Taylor, and Counselor; 0. H. Taylor; after singing prayer, and roli call, the Secretary read the Annual Report as follows: . , Editors Exponent: 4 The membersf the Relief and Retrenchment Societies Vare' generally all alive to their duties, .:. we ' 'each t,Jiave pur; mee ti ngs o very two a comcfi)i:Yrove-hiimencement towards the4 laying up of grain. The sisters of ourward held a social party last Friday evening, nearly all tho members of our ward attended. We all partook of supper at fpuY o'clock which had beeif pre. pareCior th cleared away, weerijoyed ourselves in dancing, singing and also had some very appropriate speeches from our invited guest3; among.whom were Bister Mary MJckleJohn, President of the Relief Society of Tooele, Bros. Robert Micklejohn and Abel Psrker, who are acting presidents of Tooeld in placo of our much respected'Blshbp who has gone on a mission; also'.Brp.; Hugh Gowahs' wiio is acting4 as . Bishopj and Brp,w Belamaro. Werail enjoyed . turselves very much,1 and tho party closed, at Jl o'clock. We had no round dances, nover have had any since our Retrenchment Association , was organized by Sisters E RrrSnow, jkf ; X;Horn0J ahd Elizabeth lib ward, nearly three years ago. A cashir.,.::..:....:.:... I.i. .... ...... Sundries.'. , . . i:. . Total..-..Hr . 'J: . rc. . : i " Annio LouiC, p:u?.s2??v Ash worth, Secretary; Mary-Miss Harriets, Shepherd ABa'tSec'y.: Mrs.'AlmIra H. Murdck;Treasarcr.i; : The following is a report of the dlburse-t: , t ... . 159 78 33 60 Disbursed.during year. .. ; 17 90 14 60 3 00 5 00 4iii.. Young".... softly-shad- ed old-ma- n, ! seventy-fiv- dollars in the purchase of e ; : . After the Report had been unanimously accepted, Prest. Mrs- - Home addressedjjthe meeting in her usualiearnestnnil energetic manner, upon storing! our grain t the Woman's Book, and other i subjects of business, if Bishop nfay lor being called upon, ext pressed himself pleased to meet with us, air so pleased with our reports and method of doing business. Thougut the storing of grain A very wisej movement and proffered room ik the basement of the' Ward Hall fpr our blpsl' fifeii'dlwd had his best feelliigsf.and confidence and' that he 'would assist us alljti his po wri ; Counseled ' us to be temperat'e in all our "movements even in our sympathy ior the poor, but to, help' and bless all who are really needy., .. Elder G.'li. Taylor and' Sister1 W. East also made some' timely- and interesting re- i ; . ; . i - same Bpirit of lunlty -- and. good ; feel- ing prevailed which has always: characteri ized thd:m'ectlng9 of our society. k thrf That ibles3lng of God our- Heavenly Father.may be :upon you to. assist . you in your high and holy calling, is the prayer of ; : yoursister &cJ ( i t j vj.. . ELitrNA.&; 4 :- - - v Tayib, love-lies-bleedin- g, , "A man shouldlways live within his income," says an American, "even if he has to borrow money to do4t,.- - ?:l t . -- . ;eir back-groun- d; unf-de- great ExhIbiUon.V day"-t- he It ail r. at is stated upon good .authority ;tji Oeorge; Eiiiot,,: has already received from the Harper. Bro's for DanieJ : ; ... 7. $5,-00- 0, jDe-ronda- .7 ; Sec'y. r.- . Then the tamarisk stretched forth its bright green wands, and the weigelia waved its white and scarlet blossoms, and the homely flowers of home were everywhere beside our feet "The ragged robin, marigold, Joseph's coat, larkspur, fox glove, spider plant, shapdragon( the morning glory, the the clematis, mourning "bride, bergamot, petunias, and dahlias all were here, with their memories of home, childhood, and youth. How gay they looked one evening, how glad, as I sat down on a seat by the way, just before the gates closed. It was then the sun spread out his rays gathering all this beauty into his splendor and made my picture for all time. I came back in the morning, and " the brightness of their smile was gone from upland, glade, and glen." In the night "the frost fell from the clear cold heavens," and suddenly the fervor of color was quenched. j The flowers were dead. The dahlias' hung to their blackened stalks. The ong. ramparts of bloom that sfood'sb brave and glowing yesterday, were shriveled and fallen now. The meek sunlight of these Indian Summer! days draws the' subtle sweetness of the waning year out of these fepulchers of the flowers;. The air is odor-pu- s with their dying fragrance. Here and there a late, late, rose still dares to bloom in the face of the menacing frost.' The : wax balls hang amfd crisp' IeavesT.7 Here and there a cluster of scarlet berrfe3 show but tbe ruddy against a gray amber skies are crossed by leafless boughs. r The y umbrage of the, park is ioden our feet "The year smnes1wit.draw3 near its death" and Ithas alm6st:?h'aa Its ' 1 wheat. silk-cultur- e, E n beds of pale yellow, green and white, the pampas grasses nodding their silvery plumes, the pale English ivies dappled and white-edge- 269 87 . .. unto-su- ght" light" were the 7 65 To Woman Commission Store.. We are also making preparations to in- . ; irX. : beside-ihemlikemoonli- 233 78 TotaK...;....,it..;. 36 08 Balance on hand,.;, Wo have donated to the Temple. in quilts, stockings, shirin, clothing etc.... $ 77 25 e.-- stands as follows ; Mrs.It.AV. Tyierl?PrtetdehtM:",v ' il" H EUza W Hawkins,! V .1 :. Wheat Central Committee...... We cnjoyed aVraro treat during the recent M. X Horrid. She held three visit of meetings in thii place which werewell attended by both young, and old of both sexes. Her instructions, principally, were to the lad i i of jh'o Ret jef Societies imr Re trench ii 1 ;ri i Assoclat ions, but wcrp of a charactur to benefit all who heartl'tyem.'' The.Vubjccts most spqken Cupbh ye'te,' the hecesjty of laying up graini sustalnipif'tho bt ExroxiiNT, assisting in tho tho Woman's Book, and patronizing She advised the sisters to interest themselves ;in and gave good counsel on many subjects pertaining to our.every.day.duties. n y u Hrs. Caroline Shipp, also from Salt ,Lake and made a ew excellent City, was present Vi ,; - : ' n L " remarks. . ihb was a change in There organizatioii of our Relief Society last ; June, occasioned by tho resignation of. the a President, ; Mrs,' Lucinda; Houd. Tho organization .flow .1 , .: tf - ; 38 70 55 15 25 50 'To the needy.,...,;.;....... Materials for work, etc Washing Temple Clothes... Repairing Hall after Explosion. I Book, ''Life of Brigham , hOme-raanufactu- J. . ..... d. " 1 42 60 . vid . - 61 37 . Rent of part of our building...... Interest on nioriey invested....... . 55- $46.; .i Loan of Temple Clothes... vest J)ec. 12, ;187G. , f. VV. Articlesioid;..;.-...:- .1. V. Beaver n; y, .Utah, Editors Exponent:' - Donations during the year. ; and the glory Old of tho past shall come back to me, to light up the gray shadows of many years, I shall see this pictureof the Centennial. Kot its booths and bazars, Ifsnoisy Turks, its peace ful Chinese, its endless throngs, and illimitable displays; but this: the sun sending his lengthened rays across a .wilderness of bloom and shooting myriad arrows of fire through the lofty oaks, elms and. chestnuts clustering above tho Gothic roof of Horticultural Hall. I shall recall the glory of the of grounds when the marvels of the miles Lands-downof show-case- s o have faded out "sight. Valley, with its glancing rivnlets, its profuse vines, touched with scarlets of autumn, its native giants of oak and elm, maple and sycamore, is a marvel of beauty that seems cut straight out of Nature's heart, while a whole letter could not paint the glory of the gardens. When I came here the scarlet and rose geraniums, verbenas, hydrangeas were at their bright est. Wandering through the broad interesting avenues, faras theeyo could reach, on and on, the emerald sod was shot with these broad bands of flaming color; while 1150 Temple........................ To the "Some time when I am ,? i - M6tiier: "Now, Gerty, be-- a goodAgirii and give Aunt Julia a kiss, andisay Gerty: "No, no! If I kiis ;her, fiha'll box my ears like ehb did papa's last good-TjIgh- U' niCht" ' i; : 1 :! ? ' ! ; ' , - . r im I 