:REM ABKS OF JELDEJR GEORGE Q. u AnOKERAI V a. v- - XI v.. ever is An ocalon; zji (herd when words "ate too sisters? - Latter-da- y , Eldeb 'Joiin Taylor. ;,.npwlje5f9reyris7r properlyetimite Thereare none ;,ofus ?who will not realize .II bretbren'and ieeble I to ex. i T press the emotions of the? humm heart, it 1 f Tnlmnl 11T. r have before us the body of the man who has led us lor the last tniny-inrc- o years. was e with witand I Thirty-threyears ago nessed thendeparture of our first president Joseph Smith. He passed away Under very dlnreWclrcuinstan.!esLfro.m' those which have surrounded President Brigham Young in his last hours. Immured in pris. on, surroundedwith enemies who sought this more and moro"in novy I ttiajweHayjBfosO nd tiip ';wish; wfil ariso that wew.had' beenr"nlor6, j0bp,dlen tj more wil 2 fng to observe his cjuriselsand pay him ' ; 1 T tBafrMpectellleerence Mhich his great er, Idwe 4id not give some utterances to , thQeeliogs that oppress, our .hearts .JihAye heyer injjny v Ji coqtemplated tlo f pf rPresicienl ypung 4wfth the ? qualities as a leader and prophet deserved. This" we cati do, though fire have been The. time will come i faithful and obedient. Latter-dawhen the Saints will appreciate slpce it occurred;? and as one of the greatest, prophets that I Jmypirbndere( at myself f II; is :truo it;? rhim ever lived. I have been muclr with him., has eeiiexediojgiy - .diXQqul t for me to todked upon this association as the great- I breaks conirmy r est priyilege of my life, to have heard 'Ills' lias been a'calrahess, a ing'dptyn; butbere counsels and ' withes hii life asI have' his with dea serenitya peace cpnuecte'd And in contemplating that life it seems ms ueparure iruiii, uur. miu&i, inui j. ipiuK to me perfecti; In my eyes and to my feelall have felt who Have come in contaet ylth ings he was as perfect a man as could be him His departure '"vraslike thb llirf"; in mortality. He certainly never uttered - : ai asleep of a little ;lhfant-Vt- 3 ; any counsel, or gave any i lis irui. nun v r contort ionlbuft taught any doctrine which I did inot cn. as if itere ihtleed IhemostgenUe Blum-- ; dorse with all ray heart. This I' believe to her'. 1 lik'Ve often 'heard President Yduh g 4 be the case with thousands upon thousands labouV saw when him death I Jahd speak of Latter-daSaints, notwithstanding our laxity in doing the will of God in all thing heart had at graoted unto him. as we should have done. . n On Tuesday night, as I sat at the bead of courage, fof "an i unyielding will; 'and! ho his bed and: thought' of his death, if it could not submit to 'tho conqueror death 1; recoiTed' from the eontem-- j without struggling against him. i This was-.- ; i should occur, of tthe view.: It seemed tame that charaeterisUeofhisiiature.nButfhis natu-- i j I plation he was indispensable.:. iNVhat could we do V ti V M; Al.VtiI.M. U J IU 1 if Jlkllil lot ICvllULfi r without him? He has been the brain, the u mark, and J lthluk ,he has expressed the cnrviA In mililSn DavafaUHmoa wai ihahKn. . i eyejvthejearj the 4mcuth; and hand of tliq J'enUre?peopie.ofithe ChurchffJesus.Chriet .:, should hail the day of hl3 release from his I of 'Latter-daflints. Froui i the greatest mortal existence as thy happiest day of his With the organization of. details connectecl life. Whenever it should be the good this Chiircivdown to the smallest minuiia pleasure of our Father in heaven to call connected with the work lie has left upon him hence, he would ':go,p;;said'7wUht. it the impress' of his great mind. From great pleasure and satisfaction. But as I the organization 6l the Church, and ihe havo said as long as life remained, as long ! construction of Temples; the building of a$ he felt It his d uty i to ; remain hero, he r Tabernacles; the creation" of a Provisional would etru&gley he would I contend for life,-and a Territorial govern.-meho would hot yield; but would . endeavor to ; State government to the small matter of dlrcct- t, down fnlfiir (the: mission r which t our Father in ing the shape of these seat Upon which heaven assigned junto him. Jt is only a we sit this. day; upon' all7 these things, as few. weeks a?o when conversing with frnn.i welt as upon all the settlements' in the Ter-of the Twelve, I remarked , that I would be i ritory, the impress of his genius isappar- afraid, if .it. ,were, not: for one thing that ent. Nothing was too small for: his mind; PresidentYoung was not going to remain, T ) mind was of nothing was too large.-H- is long with" us. lie was (sq hurripd, .waso ' character that that ittcould grasp the grcat-- i urged n h,i$ feeling concerning the organ-- ' and est it: had tho capacity to subjects, yet for- - t izaUon pf jthe people; pressing descend to the minutest, details. - This was waanxious to get the Priesthwd prgah- evident jn all his counsels and associations ized apd tho takes every where', set in br that power,-- 1 ha t derlIeTeleased all thp Twelve iromupre?1 with 1 ho Saints; he Jiad which Gpd gave him f wonderfulj faculty siuing, over, local places. f trainer u. U. and withwhicli was ho inspired. And Richi , JJrplher 'irigham'' Youngj Junn ' while VfU I hinkingof all this, it seemed , iirotner juorenzo tsnowana uromer rranK- as we .could not spare him, he was though lin D.' lllcnards irihe Torth; Brother Or-- 1 son :rtyde;'andnBrother'Erastus Snow in '? f indispensable to, thla reat work. And while I.fU.it, it seemed as though aS'oice the,!SoulHi airwbrd released from presld. ' said, Mlain- - God; thisis !m work; If Isl ing liVer the takes of !iori, and ; were told i who build it up and carry it forward j It is by the President that their mission' had a my busjness to:,guitie ray salnts'jylle iar larger field thau a Stakeof : Zlon. He set bur FatKeflaCGodf he isheadery he" the Priesthood in order as H has never te- cannot dle;fhe IS' Deyondlhcshafts of the Iafa hnAn PinA thft first nrrnlr itinn nf tlm adi'ersarjV1 And lie wIlU guide and direct Church upou tho cartii., lie denned the liii people; ir tliey Wliinisten to hB counl' duties of the Apbilles, hp defined the du. fromltHU lime forward, until7 they are j sels, ties of tha Seventies, he defined the duties i v led into his celestial kingdoms - i of the lllgn Priest3, tho dutias of tho Fid-- , r V vmJ tr ?, .( ers and those of the losserl'rfesthood,' witli And .that we .may remember our grcqt and" distlnctlonandnpowertho eartjhjyfeaderahd treasure up; his leach-- -' plainness God-trin 1 and lnstri;ctionVftnd thai A.wiiy that) It Is Utt on ; ni'his counsels power of 16 we may' fpl w t ho' glorious exa mple he hasJ ' record In such unmistakable language, that setlis in his devotion to the work, in his no ope need err wfio has 0,.spirit of God 'And In putting away everything when him. con. rcstinj: down upon that would interfere 'with the fulfillment tomplatlng the organization , of thoJDhcrch , as it i?, wo can testify of thejgoPdness of and perfect performance of his UuiieVj as ( ; 4tn . " s y last-'been- ; . . mnlv mm0Ji HlPV. took . SI WflV' h!a onrl Tflfnf y President young,after leading the Church and buffeting the. trials and persecu. tions to which the Church has ever been subjected, has at length, in these valleys of the mountains, after having accomplislied ihe object oi ins mo ana uone ine worK that has been represented hero so truthfully by our brethren who have spoken, has lain down to sleep in the midst of a Joying and affectionate family and surrounded by .faith, ful and tried friends; with hosts of iissocia- - : 4 -- riithloRfi ' n blood-thirst- 4 1 n-- life, and he died by the hand and in the midst of vindictive and foes, who in the absence of legal offense, 8ur. "charged With deadly venomous hate, clam, ored for his blood. : " Anmw ml oftq(lrpil lwJ liln Kin IIIO y ; tr-- fn" buf ;'cWduct,; raournlngflot at time lof speaking. Stills we would not to doings justieo to our feel- - caneaIhaye Saints, is my prayer in, tho. Y. name of Jesus Christ. Amen. our God andwp canr feelrtp accord to, him ajl praise Lfor giyingjinto ns so great and so . gpodf a d so cxal ted:acharacter as pu cloved, Brotfi or ri : isaturaiiyne-waffa-man?or-inaomiia- t)ie teresting, who breathed nothing but and blessings.and through, out the Territory the people as with one voice offered up their prayers - to the Most of their suffering, dying High in behalf president. Both of these presidents had the faith and confidence of the Saints of the Most Highland the guidance :and direction of the Lord. And the feeling of the people as exhibited here, the gathering together of this Priesthood and the Saints that I see i evidence of the re- before me unnot itifl Hnr!nn4 that, hpnt in nvnrv hoart and throb through every , pulse; and it is 1 13 ':'' -- y , 1 to-da- y, that the sarnie ". feel inirs prevail throughout the length and breadth of this Territory. As has been said, his crratifviner.to know m n -- : ? j f name and fame are known among, all pep-piand a knowledge of these events ,has spread to the uttermost bounds of the ever? lasting hills. All nations have heard of it, and all peoples are Interested in these events that are now surrounding us. .Not only us and them, but the Gods in the eternal e, ; ; . . m-itter- The former President Joseph Smith, and this our late President Brigham wr6ilds. ., s " Young, meet again faze to facp in the eter- - -- ! 2 . 1 : - ! , , ' f- r.-i- ? - -- --th- llrH - IvoVo lrliimnKrfl- Jiave overcome. 1 i wnrlrla - Tin! ; 1 -- ! --- at - liritli:. , As has been remarked, the w'ork wo are engaged in is not the work of man. Joseph Smith did not originate ltneither did Brigham Young, nor the Twelve nor any iuuuat uiau. iv cu;auuiuu iium uuuj its author, liis eve is over U3, ho is watch-- : ing every movement and every transaction transpires how,and that transpired ever since the commencement, and will continue cr t fpr .. - Af finfl.-.T. , lor Ti'ltl orrnfrlrk fa Tlo flmt f a .t lio . CitAr 1 , ? 1 ' .1 haa luinn nnr t -- .1 ho . lflt- -. s IHraiHl ..ttm been our brethren, appointed tolead and j guide us, undeV his direction In,thc iwfljs ,: of Irfe. And although wo raoiira the loss of, , our departed friend, a brother and a prcflir j ; self-abnegati- on i i hearls" f3'miralh Jze . with ' his r' family and friends,; yet at the same; time there are principles greater and Ifwnder than an lHjrsonal Interest, or any individuality assqelated with these matters. It is a hcavcniy ' , T 