THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. JEklltor. rabttahed In 8alt Lake. City, Utah. - one rnnv si-- montn- crae one vear. tz.uucodt Tftrmg: Ten 1.00. copies for the price of nine. AdTertislng rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to r A V: regular adrertlsers.' corner of South Temple, and First Exponent Office, East stieeta, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m erery day except Sunday, ;, : Address all business communications to ; Publisher Wovah's Expokkkt, h Salt Lake Oity, Utah. i ( semi-monthl- y, r " SALT LAKE CITY, DEQ.,15. 1877. periled; WOMAN BraAGEAND COMING THE cdViSNTION. The women of this Territory will see by read, l o g th e T)eseret JNew's v aiid Exponent that Congress is about to grant a hearing to the la-di- es on ibei Sixteerithmendment to the stiiution 'of the united States. The subject of the amendment is to establish Universal Suffrage through all the States and Territories. This is certainly anllmnortantljmatter. The omeponof Utah should feel the greatest interest intbia vital subject Woman Suffrage has been granted here and the ladies have enjoyed the privilege of the ballot for eight years, but there is no certainty that it will be a permanent thing; already there is a bill filed and waiting to be acted upon, which would deprive this people of political, social and religious and repeal Woman Suf'rights and privileges, ' ' frage here. ''' Thi s people have suffered sufficiently in times' past through - being deprived of privi-lig- es inherited by birth and light of citizenship to make them generous towards others, and if i t lsn the power of the women of Utah to aid in anjr degree the women of this American We think it an imperative duty to do so; and in this laudable undertaking they will receive the hearty of all good brethren. Among the ladles of the Congressional Committee is Mrs, Sara J. Andrews Spencer who spoke warmly against the ballot being taken from the women oif. Utah in . the House of Congress on j a. former occasion. The sisters should not forget her kindness ah 6! courage; it l of character and heroism, to f requires nobility face. opposition and speak boldly in defense of - a principle that is not popular. There is no doubt evi men are afraid of the Influence of womeni and they have every reason to be, for wottan's almost uner- , ; ring Intuition detects the lack of honor and in1 i ' :- ' i -: - ' 3 Re-publ- lcj co-opera- tion . - Quickly. tegrity ' " - If aoyrwomen oh the fa6e of the earth should beabe to defend their rights, it is the Mormon (women: What have they not sacrificed in times past, for the sake of obtaining rights and liberty of conscien ce? Thay h ave. faced dan-- " gers bravely, crossing the trackless desert,amid i n savages; an d wUd -- beasts, homeless and with scant food and raiment, laying their loved ones dewn in untimely graves in consequence of toils and sufferings beyond endurance. The ; , , ; , ; 1 dured by these pioneer women can never be r'toldV But the prayers and supplications of 'mothers, 'Wives and daughters 'have reached the cars of the Lord of Sabaoth and have been -- ! "Si answered! In blessing upon ''v,If the country " their heads. is ever redeemed from ruin, government will need the efficient help of iri-- , telligent women. Give woman the ballot and nessin the interest of Woman's Suffrage. All she can aid most essentially the interests of the nation. It will scarcely be possible "for Congress to refuse Woman Suffrage if delegates appear from every State in the Union. God Js for woman, and there are some knotty questions which now agitate the public mind that women could help to unravel. The men of this nation have notespecttdTtheiightr bf women as they should, they have allowed wicked and designing persons, to commit the foulest wrongs to women, and let them go unpunished.' Men will be held accountable fo r these things. What would induce women to lift up their voices every where as they are now doing, but the sense of wrong and injustice to their sex, under which they are smarting When Suffrage is given to uncivilized or half civilized men, women are more than ever imMay God give the victory to woman in the coming issue to which so many noble women are looking, is our prayer for the women of America; but Whether now, or at some future time, woman's emancipation from thrall-do- m literally is sure to come. What a glorious event for the coming New Year would be the granting of the petition for Universal Suffrage. How many thousand hosannas would ring out from the multitudes of women who have toiled so heroically in the cause, were this bill to Pass, so as to become a part of the United States Constitution. HOME AFFAIRS. to our kind patrons. May peace and good will abound in the habitations of Zlsn. Salt Lake City is putting on her holiday attire and making preparations to celebrate joyfully, the coming Christmas. Z. C. M. I., the Home Commission Store, and all Jarge business houses are displaying, artistically, their choicest good for. the ben en" t 6 f Santa Claus. ... A meeting of the Committee of Consultation in the interest of Woman's Exponent, was held In this office Tuesday Dec. 11, at 11 o'clock a. m., Miss E. B. Snow President of the Committee acting chairman of the meeting. Some general and special business was transacted, ilra. E. B. Wells and Mrs. Phebe Woodruff were added to the Committee. The meeting adjourned until Tuesday Dec. 18, at the same hour and place, when further business will be transacted. Those of the Committee who did not attend the last meeting are A Merry Christmas , - . . again invited. Woman Suffrage Meeting: A meeting of some of the prominent, leading ladles was held Dec. 12, at 11 o'clock at' this office; the women of this Territory having been solicited by the National Suffrage Association at Washington to obtain signatures to the Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Mrs. E. B. Wells was elected Chairman, and Mrs. E. Howard Secretary; Mrs. M. I. Horne: oned thomeeUng with prayer. Such measures were taken at this meeting as were deemed practicable by those present, for canvassing the city to obtain signatures, and at the suggestion of Miss E. R. Snow and others a special meeting was appointed for the ladiesjof Salt Lake County, when a practical method will bedecided upon, forTcanvassing the entire Territory, Dismissed with prayer by Mrs. ZIna D. Young. , A Speciai Meeting will be held at the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on Saturday, Dec 22d, 1S77, for the purpose of organising a Presidency of Relief Society for Salt Lake Co., and also to transact political btisl- - the presidents and officers of Relief Socioties in Salt Lake County art invited to be present. Also all members of these societies and all U. dies Interested upon these subjects. Thh meeting is called at the suggestion of Mrs. PriscHla Stainps. Miss Eliza R. Snow, ZinaD. Young, iS B. W. Smith, R. R. Grant, L. A. Wells, " Phebe Woodruff, ' Hannnh T. King, ii Margaret Mitchell, " E. Howard. The Fourteenth Ward Relief Society held their Tenth Annual Meeting Wednesday, the 12th inst. , in the Assembly Rooms. The yearly report was a very satisfactory One, and plaialy proved the ability and business capacity of the tc cc 4 Secretary and assistants in, office. Remarks were made, suitable to the occasion, by several of the sisters, also Elders George Ciismon, George Taylor, Supt. Sunday School, Bishop Thomas Taylor, and Elder Edward Stevenson. The meeting was a pleasant one; after its close the sisters adjour ned to the Relief Society Hal), where a delicious repast was in waiting. Two very long tables were set, and the guests were soon seated; and gracefully waited upon to all the delicacies of the season by the young ladies of the Ward. The party was a social one and passed off pleasantly. President John Taylor and Elders Wilford Woodruff and Franklin D. Richards arrived at a late hour, and were warmly greeted by the Ladies. TnE Young Ladies Association of the Thirteenth Ward had a pleasant meeting Thursday afternoon, Dec. 13th at the residence of their President Mrs. Elizabeth Thomas. At this meeting Miss E. R. Snow proposed the name of the Association should q changed from Retrenchment to Mutual Improvement, the mo-tion was unanimously carried. Several breth ren were present by special invitation, amorjg whom were President John Taylor, Elders Joseph F. Smith and D. H.Wells, Bishop L. D. Young, Elder John Nicholson and William Naylor; also Thomas Miller of New York who has been visiting in this city for sometime past, but expects shortly to return home. Many excellent ideas were advanced and much wise counsel given to the young by those who addressed them. Elder Joseph F. Smith ia his remarks dwelt specially, upon the importance of the higher education and superior fit knowledge women should attain, in order to them for wives and mothers of the elders and He apostles of this church and kingdom. the thought mothers should be prepared by all wisdom and knowledge possible to raise up righteous people upon the eaith. The daughters 01 zion snouia oe tramea in Knowicub-t- he principles of the Gospel and should know for themselves of iU truth; alluded to Woman's voice in the Church, and the privileges she had of voting etc which were equal to the brethren in stjength and power and influence. He referred briefly but emphatically to the co- venant of marriage as believed in by the Latter. .. . n n an .' day saints, ana saia mat marriage a vital principle of the. Gospel. After dia meeting the guests were ushered into thewaitingroom where a delicioua repast was in the ing; some of the yonng girls waited uponman- guests in a uietr orderly and oharming were ner, whilein the adJoning room, oibers ad ainging accompanied by the organ, whichenter ed still another pleasure to the social tainment, James Dwyer on the; evening of Mr ' 10, opened his new supply of books, picture I)wte toys, stationery and fapcy article?. Mr, . . L ww-sen- ; - Pfltial, " 