wo man 'sex p o n e n t; When speaking of the corruption of Babythe last days, said, 'Come out of her, Oh! my people that ye partake not of her plaguesf.and that a people, should gather from every nation under heaven to a land EVER THE CHILD "ROSABELL." ,. Searching ways acd haunts of childhood, pown ita Janes, o'er meado ws green, . 1 1 ThroiugVthe"orchardt field uhd wi(dweod, For a wreath to crown my Queen.1' 4 LlflgMBftf ondlyJby ihe brooklet, r Rippling through its mossy .dell;, Culling flowers by its watcfrs. r-' . Vj ? To bedecifaii'iEosabell.w i' ij,-.; . f , , i?"'Vr ' ' "breathing of a love sublime, through the years eternal, y v. Ot a sinless, 4eatbies3 clime, , of :."4ithfl dewmortt iqlglldhoaa,, v - C ' ' , jy'ethcyer;JftcWl)err ' gar: to come to pass, prejudice ..sprung up among those who administered the laws of . ' 1 1 ' . ' - and-Joyou- .' ' , . "-- . . . . . d -- - - J -- .' Bu3 and bloom of nature's glory, i . - . t 't :' Faify tale and 'simple story, ' Crovfh the brow of 'Hoeabell.' ; -Suit Lake City. n' "v; : trl AffceUonattiy faiecribe-- t B. D,jYV -- ryr -- i jur By Sister LiT. ... . . ' For ihe Rxtonent. A FEW REFLECTIONS. .ft f . V1 One hundred years have passed away since our grandsires ught andL bled, almost every privation to assist in establishing a Constitution which guaran. teed unto all, "Liberty, and Equal Hights' that all who wished might come and worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, . and rest secure, under the Nation's broad escutcheon: Our forefathers were filled with a heaven.born hope that their children from generation ,tagen. eration would, appreciate arid sustain these ' inalienable rights : bequeathed to them by - and-suffe- red : ; theirJVeteran Fathers.! vn mwastho spirit of God Columbus ; r ; n. , which inspired ' to search out thia.eontincnt,' and by thesame spirit: and power, .our forcfath- -' t ers,-a- l though' they may not have realized it; . fought andr gained the victory, that a Free Republia might- - be i established and a land God pepplp preparedihat might'again , to His children, and set up , i.PKdoni4 .nevcr:xnorq f to 1x5 thrown) TVmsclf Wlvat lias transpire in viewed the scene, their very .ashes which havo lain mouldering for year3 ;must have, been stirred in their graves. Vote-onldid 1 this great . wrong exist , among the minor officersl and - administratprsof the laws ' of the land, butg'thosowfior the head of ' the nation were embittered with the.same prejudices. When ..the saints' appealed for justice and redress, to 'Presl. dent Van Buren his reply was 'OentleV ' men cause il j ust but I can do nothing ' for ypii.,,i Well might liberty blush and to the 'mountains, and justice hang its head in shame, because there was no Executor; and thus were the Saints driven from city to city and front state; to state and into the Great American Desert which has indeed been made "to blossom as the rose." Still have our enemies" continued to send their shafts of venom after us. They think themselves better provided with a pretext than: our former persecutors were, for t hey have now a great iiobji y hokse on which to ride called, polygamy," and" one after a other of their immaculate politicians : ride to Congress with a bill to be passed against the; Mormons. But strange to say. e very one who has gone-witthis hobby iiorse; gets worsted and are politically killed. This is in fulfilment ;of a portion ; of Scripture. The Lord says in speaking of the enemies of His people that He will, "put a hopk.xin T their jays.V. , ' ,; They do not'realize the hand of God but" walk Jn darkness, the blind leading the blind,and corruption and bribery prevail in high places, seeking Jo deprive people of the rights guamnteed by our beloved " twiciag MimniortoJk'," ' Eove-Hg- ht framerr , : thi.hort vista of ';..JJAf?.w b!9s?9l?Jppylalthough4iherewcre'afewt. ears. the; people were ' re-ti- ro : n-- 7r h Con-stitutio- ' T ,,- - n. " dh ! hoiv. rpy 3ouV U. gained when I V spe tho rights and privileges of citizenship1 trampled upon, and changed to suit the ca-- : : 5 : s . : , 1 : -J i1 - - ? SILK CULTURE. As the time is fast approaching to begin raising the silk worm, I am daily interroga ted, "How, shall we proceed in silk raising?' For the benefit of. those wishing to engago "ilfthe business, 1 wllf; niake a -- few remarks in regard to it, founded oh my own experi. once, yhi3h has here toforo proved successv ' ful. In the first pfaco we mast be all ve tqf our business. Now the first thing. to bo donQ is i to secure silk worm eggs before the weather gets too warm, to avoid and before the leaves are far enough advanced to begin feeding. In order to avoid rthqm-hatchin- g, -- thirptailhIacO place or cellar, if not damp, in a box of any kindr to preserve jhem frpm ir I thdmice : tiou of gimle t holes "bored in the ends and sides to admit of the 'circii- lation of air) thero to'ire'nlalntintfl wanted": to thef 15th of JuhlP" to hatchrFrom bring the eggs from your cool repository,' and spread them upon a :nj3Wspaperupon js, ! table. "Lcavo them i h aP cool room. ' It is best hot tof exposo them 'toolsudddnly to ' warmth that would : hatch them. Loayo them ia a cocl room a day or two, th.en tako c them to a warmer room, and sprdad on a ; tablo as before. In a few: daytf thoy will -begin to hatch. .They commence early in , the morning and continue hatching until .: ;f near. noon. w No vourlabor commjDnce.-r- - As -- soon as theyihatch, they start, ofi? in search of food.: Plugk your tenderest leaves, about the size;,; of a quarter of a dollar, leaving tho tip end and one small leaf. Cut the leaves in halves ' T I t oh' t ercVt h y a m'U he wli hem worms, ay thickest. . When! they are all onlthc leaf, i( it is notYull of .worms, place it in another, r spot, and so on until the leaves re full." llavoanbther paper near the one you have o, a: v your eggs upon. Then take a pen-knand tako hold ot the edge of the leaf full of little worms, placing them on the paper you previously laid oh the table, taking them up one by one as they fill up,lay them ' sidb by side uhtirallthat day3 hatching are taken care of. Now: gather some ten der leaves,' laying one on tho top of another, say from five to onordozen, according to" tho nurqber of . worms. Lay them on a fl board and cut thorn 'with a sharp knife, -- : about an eighth of an inch wide, and cross ways the same. ; Then sprinkle themjight-- 7 f ly over tho young worms; be careful not to put on too many, as the worms willr attack ;T ; the they come, in. contact' with.,- ; Lih QieJLi JcoorollliaanoughT fog-1 hem t op leaves .will.wilt, and d ry; up before the worms' can get to the, ton. Repeat J this op--; eratloti yory two libiirs. Tirtho" worms, dp, not conic lip jt , is a : sura sign, that; they 7 " fiavQ had too much feed, and are' unable to get upV Then you must feed lighter. " OV-'.is a great fault in the first, stage1 and must ho avoided. Continue In this way each day during'hatchlng, taking care each day's hatching by thcmselvc , to'kep - 'Any person ' wishing eggs can be accommodated by addressing thti under- " wiUi a goodly ' tho-firs- t ; -- ; ; or ; : " if " " : : , J 1 r.-.-- : V : price of men who would sell themselves and the" liberties oJlcjrlello wars and schismyidsoholhbl moneyndfdroiBce. Stooping: to become: 1 reignrDfrgovernmcnt, ani those4 who ad.' partlzans regardless of the oaths theyjhavn ministered the .sajno with many; other, taken pledging themselves before hicrh" tood ppblynd firmly fQr,7rightrrcrdiess";'" heayeri and all men; to maihtain ifnviplAte of party or sect, and America wa3 free and the Constitufion and its relations f6 tho blessed above all other nations; :. , rights' of the people, whoso cause they rep. ; About the-- middle bfi: the century the ' : 'resent. ;' ordJbegan'to reveal the (JospeUnd to re- In their zeal to do away with the system tore llis Holy Priesthood to 'raanv: again of polygamy, they seem confused i n their Anen Satan began .to stir, up the pcople to -plans some proposing one plan and sonic persecte:.tho3Qwho believed in direct rev. T would, say to you gentlemen1 another.. uauon from Qod revealed : r" through thlsis becauso you do not understand what e PrcPhjet whom God raisedJoseph In up VH il uuuurpus anu inou- i i wiin,, ueuiiug tion to . dispqn3a restorethe.G inii sands of your predecessors haVo been in tho r nii; W J08- ana sa'tiie sad dilemma; becauso as phylclans arc Apostles, and di30byilhe mclerit prophbtf? these prophets1 ' sometimes puzzled so are you to undcrsfand ' -- it a twin relic of barbarism, or a loathsome ulcer and likea quaok Doctor,- - has been ex-- ( perimenting during his presidential career, but has neither killed orxihecked its growth. r To be continued. j the land and they disregarded the claims of justice; and it .was not long before ".mobs . comhiried here at liomp, in our boasted land . of liberty' to destroy the Saints "of God. The thought" makes the blood of , old '76, that runs through my veins, bolt with in- - , digriation and shame that I, a child of the -Republic wi th many "othersTwh ose gmnd sires had fought and died: to bequeath to their children rights and a law to protect them in their religious vie ws andth e oxer ciso of religious liberty, were compelled at the point of the bayonet to walk barefooted through th0 crasted snow, cruelly cuttings our feet, so much so, that, the path made by us was a trail of blood. Ah ! methinks if the fathers of our - glorious Republic and r ; There she lives a fairy creature, as of j ore,. s , JBrlght ' unsbine Wiping evtry feature, ''- time can never reach her more-- TUrniaro'erhistorie pages rk i Pressing fcaeklhqwpigbt of years, AH the agony of ages, , and sorrows, hopes "and fears, . . Joys :. ; r .linpy Jife of bqd, and blooming, , 'tike genii by, charmed ring, """""Xftmeto me with love's adorning, " Voices from a far off spring. ,; Clearblue eyes to mine upturning-- , Ryjips breathe loving wordg, Fragrant as the air of TJdcn,' ' ' Musical as song of birds. V J . . ; Why Ehe never merged;f roin girlhood, There's no mortal tongue can telr. . prepared Tf9rthem, J -- n-i- the nature of the object you arecontending against. Grant j in hisycrs.ionbf it, calls lon in -'- '.' ;' Emblem of a true affection, ' 152 first-leaf- - J he--t- ; J. er-fecdi- ng " ; silk-wor- 4 m . " ' signed- ' - ; . - . Hks. Ann- Iv. Bunyon, - ' Co.! Drapcrvillc, Salt Lake !' : I87G. Bescrel Newp, Mav 1st, : - -- 4 ' 1 :, ' 