WOMAN' i . THE MOTHER'S DOMINION. "A nurse," to tak care of my Treasurosl No! cousin, I could not agrree To grant to another the pleasures rz r. --whtehMSod faaa Iptended for me ' out walking!' them "A girl Jat to take WhTi I need, mjself, the fresh air; And while we're tbua socially talking, . It My ho task Jo watch them yesbut I sometimes reflect; And think that my Has no cause to complain of neglct. I read and soek daily for knowledge, And hope, as a mother and wife, To' prepare my own ffaprlng fcfr college, v Or to fill worthy stations In life, home-educati- on True, I cannot study forever, Like the school girl who has but her book, But Fm striving as welt to be clever, As housekeeper, seamstress and cook. Yet all else I would freely surrender; Rooms, toilet, pantry and purse. Ere my darlings, so precious and tender, Td leave to the care of a nurse. "With anotherli'll change" Pretty cousin, You mistake, and perhaps you may blame ; But should I have ten or a dozen, I hope you'll still find me the same ; " Except Oft times it Is all that a mother Can do, to be wise with her own; Should she trust her pure gems with another, Whose feelings and traits are unknown? 'Twere e'en better that calls be rejected, .... Though friendship be weakened or spoiled. Than an Innocent child be neglected, Or one little spirit be soiled. - I know those who give more attention To fashion, and things of that kind; . But I keep for myself a prevention Of this fault, by bearing In mind The fact, when we enter death's portal, Such pleasures no longer we'll claim; But the souls of my babes are Immortal, . And will H vd to my glory, or shame. Dear cousin, when you are a mother, You'll see then, the same as I see; Jf faithful, you never can smother Such thoughts as you've wakened in me. You may yield to another's opinion, The arrangement of table or shelf ; But the children, the mother's dominion, Youfill choose to look after yourself . S. " . L. City, Nov. 21st, 1877. I like the idea of a home literature. TU pleasant to think of what the next decado may bring forth, though, as you say, it re- quires pecuniary assistance. I shall return to Elyria within a month. Have not seen an Exponent for two months, "but suppose they are all awaiting me in Elyria. If you write soon address Mentor; Lake Co, O. ; other wiso Elyria, a3 hereto- . his cotemporaries and generations then unborn. Not as the hero of a thousand battlefields, who "wades through slaughter to a throne," whose wreath of glory is stained with the blood of innocence, and whose song of triumph mingles with the groans of the dying and is echoed by the curses of pos- - . terity; nor as the noisy political demagogue who prostitutes his talents and the office to which hypocrisy and an public has lifted him, to and the subversion of therights of his fellowmen; nor in any walk in life as one who works for nought but wealth and popu larity; but as the public benefactor, the votary of benevolence, the man of tho people, who spends his life, energies, and mental endowments for the advancement and salvation of his fellow creatures. He is the true hero, and the only one whose name will survive the resurrection morn. All else isof tho earth, earthy, and will crumble at the sound of the trump that bespeaks its dissolution. Virtue alone will live forever, and grow brighter with its age. Your remarks on the future of Zion I appreciate to the uttermost. We have a glorious his. tory before us, an era for. which we must prepare. Would that we all could see the fact as a few do! For taken throughout, in view of the blessed privileges awaiting us, and our superior ad vantages over the entire outer world, we are criminally careless and ignorant. Especially is this the case with the young. They know nothing of their true position I now speak from my personal experience before a merciful Providence opened my eyes to the truth. There are hundreds of them right in our own city who are just the same as I was. wilful 'and irreverent, studying everything and learning nothing, without a care for the present or a hope for the future, so far as concerns eternal salvation. This state of things cannot exist much longer; the time Is too Jar spent. God will not countenance it.. It devolves as a solemn duty upon parents, teachers and employers, together with all who are now rescued from the dangerous sloughs of slotrrand TnfideF7 ity, to join their efforts for the redemption of their brethren children and friends. The youth of Zion must reform, and God grant it speedily. Every Saint should be a is missionary, for of a surety the harvest great and the laborers but few. ' "Awake, awake! put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, Shake thyself over-credulo- I become stili more carefuir : i not say to the hand I have no need of thee, nor the head to the feet I have no need of you. Even those members wh ich seem most feeble in the human frame are necessary, and so,' as the Apostle continues, "is the case with the church or body of Christ." We are all necessary, howe'er feeble in understanding; and as you say we must pr gress onward and upward! Aunt Em, how 6ften Ilhave wished of late that X might become a blessing and a benefactor to my people. It constantly occupies my thoughts and is always mentioned in my prayers. What a comfort it must be to declining age, and to the last hours of the dying man, to know that his name will live after him in the hearts of Yours very truly, LULA. Mai. ad, Idaho. Editor Exponent: 1 us Self-conceite- d, CORRESPONDENCE. Kirtland, Bear Aunt Em: Oino, Nov. 1 5, 1877. . Your favor. of the 4th Inst, camo to hand or two ago, and, as usual, pleased me with Its' interesting contents. The very topic so dear to you, but which you present to me with an apology for so one which engaged my closest doing, Js: the attention; so you see, in a measure, I am not the same be ng as when frivolity, was a ruling char, actoristic of my nature. ; ;But I do to play the egotist all I wish' to not mean say is that I too claim a deep and abiding, a growing and a clay . earnest sympathy with all that pertains toUieupbuiiding of Zion.-- Her destiny is mine,Tor lam a part of; her; her name is dear, for it i3 a themo of which I never eary; herpeoplo, are :iny people, her God SL? V am 'buta feebl Pottlon of the : iDcrfasi?ff whole, a slender o piece 1 tia? butin Whands fPoua.frame; who takes o weak hf things to accomplish His Jbo worldftty' can of S say what I may not do to e U Zion? Moreover, wo are not L?USQ member, but many; thd eye can from the dust; loose thyself from the bands of thy neckrO captive daughter of Zion." I have filled two public appointments in Kirtland village. I am now staying at Uncle Sam's, and have done considerable exhorting by the flresidej wherever chances were presented, but J am not encouraged to believe my efforts were productive of any manifest benefit, save iri one or two in stances, and even thesd are conjectural merely. Ort.' R. S. REPORTS. self-aggrandizem- More diligent, patient and just; More willing to serve and more prayerful, Forth souls which God gives m In trust. . 09 T "talenta need more cultivation:' Well, SB X P 0 NE N T. Having read the Exponent, and knowing the interest you take in the Relief Societies in any portion of the vineyard, I thought a few items from our quiet little corner might be inteiesting and acceptable. Our Society was organized February 11, 1874, Mrs. Jane Price was selected as President; Mrs. Ann Daniels and Mrs Esther Lusk Counselors; Mrs. Martha Jones as teachers and Treasurer, we have twenty-si- x not We are members. eighty many in numbers, but we feel united in our efforts and desire to be one in all our works and actions, that the spirit of the Lord may rest upon us in our undertakings. We have been buying grain according to the counsel, of the servants of the Lord; and we intend to take every available means to buy more. The teachers feel like doing their best, in- -, structiug the saints to love one another and to encourage the spirit of kindness one to. wards another,that they may live their holy religion and be faithful to their covenants. The Lord has truly blest us in our labors of love among our sisters. We have made several good quills, some for the poor and some to sell and buy grain. We had the pleasure of holding a conference here on Sunday, October 21, several brethren from Salt Lake City being present, also Elder Lorenzo Snow and hi3 son. Oliver Snow, our beloved President, Elder George Dunford who was ordained our Presiding Bishop, had good advice and instruction, and' the w aiuuuooa auu cuvuuiagciuciik will 0j"'" be remembered. Our local brethren, long often pay us a visit in our general meetings which we hold once in two weeks, and bless and iheer us; teaching us to, be faithful in the good worlcwe -- have begun for the up. building of the kingdom of God, and Strengthening the hand3 of our President jure, jane Price who is laboring with us, and reminding the saints to be obedient to the counsel they receive from time to time; we are striving to prevail upon the saints torealizQ theJmportance of some can see the benefit to be obtain, ed by following this counsel, and we pray the Lord to open the eyes of the understanding of those that cannot see, that they may obey good counsel and pursue a praiseworthy course in life. Ever proving for the prospeilty of Zion and the success of the Exponent, I subscribe mysel f you r fellow laborer. . Anne Sawyer, Sec'y. , home-mahufac-tur- 1 e; - - The Working Woman's Hotel, New York City, erected by legacy from A. T. Stewart, is now nearly finished, aud will be opened, it ia expected, on New Year's dav. "It is said to exceed any hotel in the city iu its construction and arrangement, and thoroughness of appoint--, ment" 