7- 38 i ELDERS REC.ailSSlipNOEivT MIDDLE STATES, i r aiH g - Elder Henry Grow, who returned from his mission to the, states June 12th, left Salt Lake Lake City Nov. 1st,' 1876, having been appointed to preside over the Pennsylvania MIssioo;,ho .arrived in Philadel. pbia Nov. 6. lie went' directly to the residence of his" nieces - Mrs. Bapp and Mrs. KnipejVwas; kindly: received fey.them( and during jjiis, sojourn ;in the east mado ;that his hpme.YjjTftese t wo ladies, were also very -- 1 hetotnsrelieTeder belief fthaf 4hervas sqmething.in, MQrr monism worthy 'of their sincere attention A-grea- ; hospitable to EJdej-- t A. eldler ... -- Musser and other whom Elder rGrow invitqd there - Ifx&linVfe -- not re ceive ihVGospel they wpre very ; liberal in kinrt and generous in fe?l- their viewsVand ' ' " v. ..ibg." , Z Br; Gro.k Hiv6lcdiisitfn tho nfferort branch es through" iMerhiitid jLahcasief 1 dduofie InJCrls Co. ebnajrSclniylkili EjderJGrow preached e In Odd' Fellows Hall to a Very large ilarrowness. Iri sbme places halls wero .'obtained ' by the elders "paying the rent. No brie would tolerate preaching in a private' dwelling house, and rarely were schoolhouses 'available, fotihe reason that the. trustees Were also religious bigots. Some ofi tfeiu eld era were lortunatq' in ; find- and theu following one in! Lower Marion, toarge; audiences, and the pec? pleisecmed to pay good ItfohtionLl AtlFislik beckMohtgbmery Co. where ho preached also,-- he had relatives residing; Wm. G. Smith, a neph ew, and family ; entertained ImsfpanU itie elderi hospitably. Br. each 'time ing openings- here and there ;for. holding discussions and public meetings, but; sel dora could they obtain the same place the second time. Some 4000 Dana Dhlets; and circular letters were gratuitously dlstrihut- - ,. ed during;' the spring months of the current yearand it t'is believed that before many of tl'e praye daystheratijyingjesu' faith;" zeal an'iove hat. inspired Jheir, dis: .trlbdddri wlilW seem . The pritedrwyrdi thus cast upon the waters, wactmiposed to ; especially rh ee t the needs juf Jthe pebpj e who were being surfeited with' perversions concerning our people and their practices of the most rglafihg kind. had been deeply embitThe public' mind ' monstrous' falsehoods tered by the widely circulated by the N. Y. Herald' and all the of the coriritry.1"- It is truly encouraging to witness tho disinterested devotion of tho elders to preach the Gospel,. in the face of the widespread odium every where over shadowing! the noble people of Utah. No money, could induce them to undertake such missions. It is solely the sense of duty which they;owo to their iellow-mathat 1 impels . them to take their ves in their handSj and without "purse or script or;at their own personal expense go. abroad J to proclaim libefty to", tho Hpuvc&of ;8io an ' Batari by. showing them how they 'can get back into' tho' presence and favor of God, from whence all mankind has been ban- ' " ; 1 ? .'Grpwf,Iifour platers, living in Pennsylvania their children and grandchildren am numerous other, jrnore distant 'relatives; they all treated liipye atixitiur to have! him stay ;Wjtth ihexp alsomet manv . K fellows and made many friends dui-- t Ing his stay in that country; through' the influence of his relatives and friends he wasf introduced : to many"Influential 'and Worthy people with" whom be ton versed on the? subject of the fcospel, tho interests of tab her? political arid social condiOonf irtc There Was not much chance to preachj such a spirit of Opposition was manifest among the masses, those Who have no real ' urideri standing of Mormonism or its bearings.' Br. Growvisited relatives or Bishop Edward Hunter in West Chester, Penn., and had a pleasant interview ;with them.: .r ; One of Elder , fjrow's- sisters, , who was in poor health, belieyed his testimony and received it, and twasVanxious for . baptism, but died very shortly after his arrival, without havi be baptized. On ihg, the opportunity her deathbed sho expressed the wish to havo the ordinance-- of baptismand all other antl-Mo-mo- ri self-sacrificin-g ? that could be done for her, admlnis-- . tered y proxy.' Eider Grow is under the wOrk". - 4 : 3 ' . 'Help me to feel for cftbers, lore . Eanb selfish sorrow les9f I to others shor happiness shall bless." That mercy - r - . If we sought always our. own good, our own happiness, how selfish, indeed we should be, and how, narrowed our efforts and aims. We , truly .fulfill the design of . our creation ; when we thus pervert it. When I remember that tho world is full of beauty created V for our I ehjoyment by Him, the great artist and designer, the maker andcbntroller of the; bright starry firmament on high,' the earth, arid seas and all that in them is! how insignificant seems ever bur most lofiy.plrdiioiis; and :how worse than folly our repinirigs. Should we not rather bow in humility and thankful, ness for His many mercies vouchsafed us, assured that all Is for the best . : : : "What thoufb dark elouds around cs rise, Aiid tempests round us gather? The thunderbolt which cleaves the skies WluVbrln us fairer weather. What thoofh the force oi fire and flood Makes life a scene of trial? Ood meant that man should find his f Pod In paths of self denial. This world with all its toil and strife. . Is nature's royal college,' Where all the pains and ills of life Became our guide to knowledge. ' " down gloomy ales Up frownini-steepToward the rare dsoendlnir, . They lead us on tin death unreii . A world of life unending-s, f : ; A . ,. - As each day dawns, and we rise from our beds of quiet repose, refreshed by the sweet restorer sleep how manifold are' our thoughts and how strangely varied I What more rapid than untrammeled , thought? Worlds, ln: Pagination, are created and castles built, only to be torn down and cast away, there to He may be, in utter " ; s. ? judgment if we accept or refuse. The inbst daring may filter and fall by . , , Where foils the ware of sin and strife, There streams of truth are flowing; Where thorns beset the path of life, . There flowers are erer frowinrt Where clouds obscure the tun from sight, A rift the light Is making; The darkest hour of all the night , Sometimes on the wild wings of thought, we are bprne aloft to dizzy heights from, whence we are loth to return, and return l tifSi fiPd fitern reality, a reminder' of what we are, and whither we are tending.'. Eachfday as we" mingle with our fellow beings, lessons of .wisdom are constantly beforO us, and It Temalning with our better . , , forget-fulnes- ... There are no Ills by mortals borne, But hlesslnss underlie them; No human heart by sorrows worn But reaps advantare by them; Ko sickness, sorrow, pain and sighs, Bat are of hearen's desifnlnr; , And not a cloud obscures the skies, But has a sUrer lining-- i " VARIED THOUGHTS. ) Elders. .Musser, Grow and. Whitney have published some pamphlets at their own ex. pense,'. and circulated them very largely through that, country showing forth tho faith arid practices 'of our "people. Below we publish Elder Musser's own statement ' , ; j.--"- , - s 1 ished." mor- to-da- y, . f Vr ; . , because of a want of true way-sid- e al courage; the most worthy and energetic have often their efibrts blunted and unavailing, because of some . untoward circumstance over which they had not control, and sometimes for tho want of encouragement and a helping band, slhk to rise no more. Thus in, life, our highest; noblest aims, fondest wishfsareiilightM: and unrealized leaving 'tis to cbriclude that at best, we are bbt ergafures of circumstenc$sll; " Yesterday, myriads of contending thoughts filled me with joy1- and sorrow alike the disposing causes before me, and yielding to the better counselor, my mind has been serenely catm. It is not my wont to seek sorrowrno would I turn aside from those, over whoso heads hang dark rather abide, if threatening cloudsr--bu- t need be, and share the sorrows ' and heed the lesson it teaches. True, we instinct-ivel- y shrink from gloom and if left to choice, would choose ever that, .which glad, dens. Sorrows and afflictions, are often blessings in .disguise, and 'twere better even to suffer deeply and learn sympathy, than to escape and not be able to feel for those who do. We should bo able to ex. claim with Pope, n: " . the ; - , v sub-prih-ts i , ws dbnef grbup-preahiri- gi otry-an-d bneenmglthWiiext in Shenaiiidbah, ' impression that there has been some good seed sown In that state during the mission of the "elders5 recently,' that will in time V3 ' i' fruit npj arid bear spring r: ' The Philadelphia and other newspapers, published some considerable of the elders and their mission in that country, vhich' of . ourse 'was1 something' of an advertisement 3 for them'; '",' "V, !; ' M. 'Musser, catleti uppn us ."dud. ;lderl A;himself as having had' a pleasant' expressed .time ihvmtist, respects, yet; there was very littitfoppbrtunlty to preach the1 Gospel; and none whatever ?n Philadelphia? Tho people' are tnost anxious to learn something of the lives of Mormon women, tho Woman Question1 being" a popular one at tho present rieal pf t Hhere Joeing but few opjrturiitiesto $pi$ public meetings, because of the great pfed-- j udice reclergy-and,- otherswhp had thebntrof of churches and ttebting usesl When ministers of alt fdenominatbhs come tblltah iheyre riyited tb preach In :bur pulpltr tb largo and attentive 'aridieric.es, :zttKfeeequrteses' are rarely reel predated by the clergy abroad) :bause V? ;trWff audf-ffcrfc- : concerning. the missiori of himself and the :r f elders who went least last iall;vThe elders sent to 'Pennsylvania,. Delaware ; arid New Jersey at : last fall .Conference, reached their fields of labor in:Novem-be- r. Mqst of, thm had relatiYesJ.findiin these states, by homthey, wero.skndly received r and treated. A; good 6 many t,Qf ..l.....,. Ii wteo the day It breaking. Such assurances as these are as cheering as truei and we have hut to press orward 0" hopefully,; .'continually striving. ' . thoughts, desires and utterances, should tend to all that is fino and - elevating, so that as designed, we may view and enjoy to perfection all in this world and at last -- 