W O MA K 104 1 : g, fJnnirrnsfl: 5'JPecunIary . independence . wonderfully promotes, jnentai ana mDmindepeffdoncer 'Give, me neither poveriy or riches' is a good prayer; but in this age, the majority of women are not destined to become rich in their own right, and certainly not as ..thereward of their own industry. ii,There is, many a: woman who would be pro. foundly, glad to own something in a differ- wu,.9Pv9w um mat woica is ners as a. pan, oi .tho general family estate. The need is al- mot as imperative In the grown daughters .:)V ; as iathe;wife., JSo one who has reflected upon the which hedge about every scheme ior adjusting with equity the; involved !proper-ty interests of the family can for a moment doubt,' that our civilization being essentially .what it now is, It would bo well if the women of many households hadJ some profession, some specialty;' by which, without relinquishing they could yet hoh6rably earn, at leasts something for cur-- n rent pocket money; f Home-dutipreclude, 'and must always preclude; their taking up ''. business occupations after the'usual routine .. . ; EXP ON E NT. S easy and natural. The trouble has been that so few women have even thought of positive earnings that the whole class has been . forced into a pernicious system of which has left , nearly all money-savinfeminine industries some centuries behind . . the industries of men. V Cleveland Ohio, .Qct 1877. Extract from the paper read by'Mraj'Ai- toinnetto Brown Biackwell, at the Woman's 1 9 difli-cUltl- a Atam DMY GOODS, NOTIONS, QMOCEHIES, UFA VY AND SKELF mMjDWAEE, GLASS AND Q UEENSWAHE, STtJDEBAKER WAGONS AGRICULTURAL lMPEEMNETSi Buecenor ta Mitchell A Jawest) , - : - : Salt Lake City. . JOSEPHTNK GREGORY, 67 Kimball Block. Tinner, GasWatorfxra& Stcain Fitter ' The aoxkx ; Lai Mtii Mine :Apy. fvtfr nnrtf nUltlatl 0 n PCQITCn ULLXBn t ICT Mi l 1 If fl mere I UHWk HUM Clm9 I UtulOa Farnp ICepalred on Wort notice. V aorOrders from the country promptly responped to.-- rt Addrett, David James, Sox 806, Salt Lake City. THE EINE AllTS. Tte ladles of tttitt are lifVited to ; home-duties- ,1 . es of3na8cnlitte" methods Eeptldnal wo-- -' men are doing this; (dxcepticFlaTent can alwaya prescribe work and methods of work for itself, but 16' average vvomanhood domestic: arrangements are hot adapted to or. ' " dlriary business enterprises. ' - One may Hold, las; I'do,, that a good wife is jiistl entitled to one half of the property i of the wedded firm. For all that, no true f woman who fpund ' her husband struggling ' with pecuniary embarrassments would feel aUlbertyJ6edd;ftsdollarlwnichwas not ; rigidly indispensable;' and ir the partner of one's Joys,1 as well as sorrows, though moderately prosperous, was always feeling the ; need for a larger capital, or lived in chronic eagerness to become rich, the coveted luxury, if purchased under such conditions, would become ashes on the lips; yet if a wife had been' paid by strangers for some special work of her own, she might, perhaps, expend that sum with a satisfied conscience. Or if she chose rather to add such earnings to the family store, the luxury of doing so, would be especially refreshing. What then can be done practicHlly in sim-licases? We will not ask what would be best In an ideal society,, which may come some time in the future; but what can be accomplished in the present state of things as Visit bur Kew Art : Oallsryt tbe llncst in the West We will show tbem specimens of our first premium portrait and Landscape Photograph fn all branches Including enlarrements from small pictures, any size or styiei the colorlnr la water colors,1 Inx or oil. Is by Q. M. Ottln-re- r, which is a sufficient ' guarantee of excellence. Our prices are pnt at living rates. We spare no pains to satisfactory work, and are determined to excel laproduce all we do. . ! r A full assortment of Day and Sunday School Prizes kept to stock. Frames, Chromos and Pictures of all kuidi on hand. . ........ xy w i, oena your oroers UJa pAYAGJi, - Salt Lake City, UUh. ... Socks and Knitting- Factory for first class home-ma- de Stockings of all kinds, call at the Factory on First South corner. Orders Kreet, a few doors west of from the country at wholesale Jennings, or retail, filled promptly. - t . & Co., Ga A. LUKE Proprietors. NEW FALL STOCK. R AUEEBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. Five hundred pieces of Drees Goods, EmbroiderieijRuch.-Ing- s, Five Hundred pairs Kid Glores, Trimmings, Ladies Ties, CutT and Collars 100 Cartoons of Ribbons. Largest Wholesale Millinery 8tock in the West. Notions, Boots and Shoes, Gents' and Loys' Clothing and Furnfehing Goods. Etc Etc. 1'IAXOS & ORGANS, Of the Very Best manufacture, and warranted for five years, on - : r - INSTALMENTS OP ONE, TWO OB THREE YEARS, Payments can be made monthly,. quarterly or six monthly. Prices Kw and no interest charged. Send to us for catalogue and further information. CALDER Are Invited to call and Inspect the stock of Home Manufactured Goods OLD C0HSTITUTI0H DUHDII1C. Where they can find all kinds of Woolen GootLfi Llnseys, Yarns, Blankets, Shawls, .Hosiery, Waterproofs and Jfancy Articles of all descrptions. ! , MINNIE HORNET, Clerk. ar ways or directly earning money enough to : enable them to gratify their own personal tastes and requirements? .".-Vo cannot .doubt that tens of thousands i,F,9uM eagerly elect to earn, if the earning in all kinds of aawmaotn assortment of ro 11 onfl TftTnln t lift TTIOfffc Curia, Braids, Switches, Etc. complete , at Reduced Prices All kinds of Hair Work made up In the most Artistic style. Casn paid for Human Hair and Combings. T es now existing?"Is7it and sensible American women to bo always doing without something which they very much desire, or is it perhaps best, that without relinquishing most oftheir usual household employments, they should search out I. FRENpBMHAIR STORE. r ' Dealimr anfl . '. r - f 3C. O. Retsil Z.Wblesile ROBE'S - Mrs. . CALIBRATED Bi 4 w BOOTS AND SHOES, E E. DYE, O. Inrites all Ladles visiting Conference, also Ladles of 8alt' Lake City, to calTat her Palace of Fashion, No. 17, East Temple Street, and examine her New Stock of HUH nery Goeds, In all iu branches, from the most exqujslts Parisian styles to the cheapest American products. In connection with the aboye, Ladies' Hanr Work la all its branches. Good work guaranteed. J HOME-MID- & CARELESS. s iwc TQB BEST ANtf Boot, Main Utreet. 2D No Cheap Shoddy Goods Kept. ... - U ; t IHb o CHBaPST ETT . . LAUILU. 8TOBB TO BOT XOtJB GOODS, IS AT : . Thanksgiving, Christmas and Hew Years Opposite the Herald Office. Remember all. k CAW .: wituuui mas ui; casio.- -' very . many advantages would accrue from the . broadening: of, occupations, Life would be r less a round of common-place- , and the sense of genuine independence, would be delight. .ful, if only as a novelty. Could this be even , partially, effected, its broadest good would Ho in the fact that remunerative 4work might thus; become as honorable to women as to men. v: "X- The earning onco achieved, all tho rest is :. CURRANTS AND RAISINS i j : xrisrw"ooi)BX ITHOIJSSAttjll A17 BIADT CLSA5ID, IflTH TTTUr "jkiw' ; Bl BtTPPLXXD 'Wmt BXZATL SXAXJKB rjT CJioice Stock of Groceries, 3522 'JBC IO' 3C3 FURNITURE Hrs,IlOtLAOTAt B. PRATT, Fea thers Wall OP ape r ; PnySIOIAN AND SURGEON tlx blocks East of Post Office. SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES, ' ; ' AND BABY CARRIAGES. 75, 776179 First South St, Bait Lake Oitr. 