WQ MAN ' S E X P ONE NT. that the commandment WOMAN'S VOICE. Dec 14, 1870. Kditor Exponent: According to your request I write to in form you of the feeling existing in our settlement in regard to tho Grain Question. We feel with the rest of our sisters to obey counsel; we have met together and talked intend to take measures to secure some grain, if not much; we have not a great deal in our settlement; we were visited by early frost which cut our crops short. We feet to make some united effort, and do all we possibly can, then leave the result to the Lord. I will write to you upon the subject, we again after we have ascertained or decided what we can do under the circumstances. I remain your sister in the Gospel, life-givin- M. A. BorcE. Oxford, Dec. 2, 1870. Weston, Oneida Co., Idaho. Church Historian's Office, Dec. 17, 1876. Salem, Utah, Editors Exponent: The Exponent becomes more interesting as it grows older, particularly the last number excels all the rest I do not wish to miss one number as I have taken it from the first It makes my heart feel thankful to God when I read the doings of the sisters, and may God bless them in their glorious undertaking, and when gaunt hunger 8 talks abroad may their bins be overflowing that none may call in vain on them for assistance. Success to the Exponent, and all connected with it is the constant prayer of your sister in the Gospel, P. asi how shallHI jhohorthis calling?.. r I must cease to portray and represelit the weak- - t ( V. ' T -- T. Ill L. ; A. A It : L "V i i ?f ' Please to accept of our hearty thanks and gratitude for your Christmas present to our office, in the shape of a handsome homemade carpet. Wishing you every blessing the Almighty can bestow, together with a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, Orson Pratt, Sen., Gus M. Clarke, f Joan M. Campbell 1 dottn the broken hearted, I must not be hasty in giving my decision 6a hearing a rumof, asjhoy'pften ariSQ from misunderstandings only, while a' hasty reply is the cause of many difficulties nor will I say Humility is the subject before the meeting, and it is very important that we study and reflect so that we may, comprehend it in its true light; We should all live humble and prayerful that the spirit of 'God may dwell in our bosoms, and go that there be nothing to grieve it from us. The Lord says 'if ye are not as humble as little children ye can in no wise enter the king, dom of heaven." Then let us examine ourselves and see if we are sufficiently humble atfd that we remember His words, for the Lord means just what He says. He is the and forever. How same yesterday, y shall we then keep this spirit of humility with us? Will it be by neglecting our duties and by forgetting Uod and letting our thoughts be carried away with worldy things? NqM think n6tv We must seek the Lord often in" earnest prayer, and ask Him to endow us wl to I that spirit of meekness that .will bring to our hearts true Joy and lasting happiness. We know that God is no respecter of persons, but acknowledges every honest heart, no matter whether the possessor dwells in a hut or a palace. Our Father in heaven knows our motives and with outward desires, and is not pleased ,;" ' ' display. We are striving to assist in advancing the kingdom of God onthe J earth,, and we cannot do this except we :cherish this spirit of humility! Then ray sisters'let it be our aim to servo the LoruT with all our might, mind and strength iWo expect to be numbered with the chosen; , We cannot serve thoXiord with one hand and Satan with the other. We must bo. saints in very deed. Our whole souls must be in the work, otherwise wo can accomplish but .very little good. It will not do to say wo, will accept this and ue vsainta j must - embrace reject that every principle pertaining to salvation, advanced by tho servants of God, and try to ; to-da- . k ' Josephine Myer; 1 1th Ward Relief Association, Sept. 187C. Verdi thus describes tho fashion in which he composes; "I first study thoroughly the. characters of tho dramatis per. son a?. Then I commit the libretto to mem- ory, and, girding myself for tho task, work away for eight or nine months, and more if necessary, until the opera is completed. MAnnwhilft I onlv live in m v. imagination: and incivhence my irritability, ility; for, though I am a bear by nature j at such times I become more' of a bear than ill-hum- HUMILITY. Amid the cogitations of my mind I have dwelt with amazement on the title which has been placed upon the societies of women. The word Relief fills my soul with reflections such.as how shall I.wijth dignity fill such a responsible calling; viz., to make my home comfortable, to make those going from home happy and contented, relieving tho wants of a large family circle in sickness or trouble; responding to the requirements of my husband in his every day business, ?and instructing the household that they be economical and discharge their duties faithfully, so as to relieve the father and husband of uuecessary costs etc; and if I think I will while away an hour or two in gossip, and rest my mind a little, just then my attention is called to one who is in need of relief, perhaps sick,?or in trouble or destitute of the comforts of life, that perhaps I may relieve a little in word or deed; then I must omit my anticipated gossiping, consequently I fear I shal not be posted in my neighbors business, and the interesting chit chat;- - which the Apostle James tells us about in giving his . description of the tongue, will have to be put off. Then comes a paper, perhaps the Exponent, of course lam anxious to read that, here I find reports from the several branches of the Relief Society which, are organized.; and set apart to relieve the wants of the afflicted, and those who are .unfortunate, and down. cast.1 And have; a responsible calling in this Relief .Association, I ask myself, nauAa - . To Sisters Bathsheba W. Smith, E. R. Snow, and all others .who. contributed in any way to the present, to the Historian's Office: live in accordance with the same. There is nothing too hard for us to do in order that we may obtain our exaltation. God requires nothing of His children that they are notable to perform, but we -- must bo determined, and pray for strength and it will be given us. Tho Lord is very merciful,- He is al ways more willing to bestow than wo are to receive and obey. Our religion brings to us sweet and .holy feelings and we will obtain eternal life through its teachings if we seek for it truly, and Is it not worth working for, and enduring all the little trials of this life? Let us be obedient to those who are placed over us, and the Lord will bless us ; and especially let us carry out tho wishes of our president, and do all we can to encourage her, and sustain her with our faith and prayers. We havo a glorious - work to ac complish here below.- - --We each have a mission to perfect ourselves, and preparo for the great hereafter. Sisters let us then be united, for in unity there is strength. Let us sustain each other and devote all our time and talents to the building up of the kingdom of God, so that we may have His spirit at all times. -- Dec. 19, 1876. Killian. Editor Exponent: - oC saving grain, our honorable given by president is a spec, ulative one, but rather will I say I have been a participant of hard times in the past and will exert my energies with those of my sisters who are trying to make better g counsel we the future. In this a have chance to exhibit relief beyond our present comprehension. 1 am happy to say that our honorable bishop and others of the brethren are willing to assist us in procuring and storing away grain, and wo as a lit. tie band of sisters are united in this sublime matter; and let us chime in together with the poem; "Hard times, Hard times come again no more.' With congratulation, I am Yours Truly, Elizabeth Clarke. Matilda. 119 ': ' ' " or, ever." Verdi rarely attends iho theatre, especially the opera. It is said that he never witnessesed the representation of his "Ballo in Maschera" until ten years after its first appearance upon the stagc.l A'man of culture, he is7;"a;;cQnnoisslrrJn--.artjr-ithoroughly versed . in Italian, French and Spanish literature, and is familiar with the s best German and English authors. ,'He has frequent recourse to the original, sourco of his inspiration, the Bible. Though he sty les himself a "bear," and often alludes with a spice of pleasantry to his' peasant birth, he is courteous though simple in his manners, easy and fluent in his conversation and personally a great favorite among his more intimate friends. A Senator of the Kingdom, he betrays' no ambition 'to hine as a parlia"' leader. mentary ' When Professor Ay tQuii was making proposals of marriage to his first wife, a daughter of the celebrated Professor Wilson, tho lady reminded him that it would Be necessary to ask the approvalDf hersire. "Certainly," said AytounjJ'but as I am a little diffident iu speaking to . hjm on this subject, you must just go and, .tell him my . .; proposals yourself."; ; .The lady proceeded, to r tho "library, and taking her father . affectionately by tho hand; mentioned that,Pxofessor Ay toun had ; asked her to become, his wife. She added, 'Shall I accept bi3 offejr,ipapa? He says.ho; is too diffident to namotho subject , to you . himself." "Then" said old Christopher, "I had bet. ter write'my reply and pin it id your bacJVe; He did so," and the lady returned and tho drawing-room- . to .belfghtj i.XhQrehjy read the answer tj&neflcjal.;k in these words: iv:o;lltv&&l :iovUiiii-Jil- : lilV 