I t 4- - W'Bli AS'S ElPOIERT . - r v - : : . : . ' ; ; v . f '. . - . ' - - - : . ' .".' " SALT LAKE CITY.1 UTAH. MAY 15. 1877. . i ' borders of Zion, if we cannot quarry; polish uuu iay up rocK-itno temple, we need not do iuie, uoa never aesignea that wo should work-ithis wTay ; but He has given us our portion of work, and it is for us to step forward as brave rsisters and do it: we canencouragethe brethren in Beincr faithful to the principles of their religion and help to build up the kingdom of God. We can learn to raise silk, make our own dresses ribbbnsj hats, bonnets,- - flowers, trimmings laces cloves, and manv other things too numerouslo mention, that would save a great expense and what We save;crive as a donation to a temple, or for some other RUSTIC WABBLINGS. tfheirda Are buildinar their pretty nests, And sounding: their love notes ?lear jind Bwcet; The bees are bus and nothing rests; : ' Nature see ma danclngV with'fairy feet. n , ( : : : . . . - Dear Utile birds, joa may chipper aud slusrr While art'and industry your home securest As if for your sakes alone came Spring ; Butl knovr a love tale as sweet as yours. - Xteau-itfu- l 6ttfiig-tiai- el cheery With silvery showers and radiant sun; I could frolic once more like a joyous child, - ; ; Only, for Work that must be done. an4-tnttd-:--- : , 1 havo ihougbts 14 think;aImos too dear locfcln mvbosomi or to unfold: 45frfi't bfinr Armrrr rvrt Iwwmi Ko mt-Ana wno snail c now ir tueyre weaic or bow? I know soroebody good and truet j;.'.Whoso manly heart ist just and kind; If "his eyes are not of the "deepest blue,' And his haV4,BO beautiiuR" nevtr mind. ; . ' V L - : -- J : . Dear little birdies, sing love tales, Irrespe'ciive of listening guests; It is happy May and love prevails, So chipper and whistle and build you r nests. ,r;r-- rt r credit.1 Let us step forward as brave vol u n f onrs : - in this great work and take upon ourselves the responsibilities 'of accepting situations in our schools,' our stores and telegraph offi ces etc. vJjet - us be: straisrhtforward and firm in our dealings, -- gentle and l loving in our governingeourtfeou 'and polite in dtir muuuera, nveiy lnisresiing anuj insiructive in our conversation .constant ; and confidinc in OUr friendships; and love all that is rood. uuuio auu exaiuncr: ever striving tn hpin ;obe another, and keep1 the1 commandments . oi uoa our neaveniy;ither;: We should learn to ba our own doctors. of the Priest-hooby hiving faith in tho power and have power tu xr ..1- tne laying on oi nanus. .National tWoman's Suffrage i Association, will be held In MasonicFHalleorner 6 th Ave,.and5ad SL:NewiYork,lMay l "The "great ? effort of the National Woman's Suffrage" Association this "year will ' be for the 16th .amendment which 'shall specifically declare woman's right' to tho ballot The right of petition is woman's 24,-187- 1 : - d, will bo worthy of following, and let our every act c nnr rppnmmp.ndfltihn into cood SOCietV. i Encourage the brethren in their works,and strengtnen tnem in tne laiin.uy; out; pray-- . . The . Tenth .fAnnualoWehlibnlofJthe: ! tTo (shmiUl elff nn PTflmhlft ihafc : -onl- ' " - ' .. ; 1 ' . - ' let - : of MIssottri;;aliiwbm,en; ; tho J - . fr ire the . rwords -- of) - :'- . " - a i poet, and we jf than we are putthera injto ttactice,iand dtiiiot? accomplish mortoLgOotf " eee Eyery littlohne! mdcar : eisters, we i hear; 'or missionaries beinfr vealled to- - go to different parts of the ..world .to preach. tho gospel, 'Others to make pew settlements; and many other; duties tor perform , that would not be advisable for us to step. for. ward and dd ' : But for all ; this we can A o yiousahdS or thinga that we arq not very diligent in performing, ' .where wo would hot tyi counted . stepping over the thresh-;hoI- d of modesty and propriety. If we can-'n50 to foreign countries; and preach to the heathens, if we cannot go and . make . new selilemdnts, and help to widen tho - ot : Influencing leg- tatesCt as .iytcrmttaecl'.to thetiOnal qy prhiftent ; liewJ ."l bove instances ;it ha; ;; franchise wb'man.4: "Let us therefore jtieet; and , discuss tho for future .generations by giving opportunities to women of obtaining not only a high. er education for themselves" but' these wo. men will bequeath to posterity tho impress of their work, j n - is - publ ished in AoNTnLY-magazi- no London called the EnglishVYoman's B view, wnicn is aevotea 10 social ana inuus. trial questions.:! The; Woman's Journal" says, it is a perfect mino;.of facts and infor" : mations on the Woman question ' Tn rc FRr.NniT Societi d u Debit des ; Iiiin. "mes" held an interesting meeting lately In . Paris in' the Salle Lax, which was presided over by M. Armard Du portal, Deputy ;for 'Toulquse; supported by M. Br(ssoni bers of the Municipal' Counsel of Paris. ;One questions brought before, the "meeting and upon which! papers were read t'and epeecies wero'rn -- , ". ' , c ". . 1 s ' :zr.j-i- ; FLOW EBSL" ' . wasted which Is mot: used ; .tojthe best advantage, c.1 u I Natube is the; art: bf'GJ&ir TOomas Browne: ':.''illv7:?t u, not a Conscience is an npVight judge but ',: ' law. Whatcley. as There are words; which aro worth much as the best actions, for they contain Swetchloe. Jtho germ of them That timoJa ? ' . . . r : . 4 1 1 . , of-th- ,K-- -- 1 t !f of atInifig this geatohject." The circular, is signed by, fMatiida; J oslyn Gage, Ch. Ex. Com.; and tho information: is respectfully given also that all. contributions to this convention 'should : be sent to Ellen C. Sargent, 1733 De Sale St, Washibgton, D. C, Letterslshould ba: addressed to Mrs. ; best-method- Is' doing a good vork Vassab' College ty. hadpower'to invest withllnDalUSt in the' NOTES AND NEWS;.' ' . "Let us then bo up and doi ng With heart asy fate " Thb abovo - . op zion. ... f aci--thori- - tPor tho BxVosest. - . method-o- y-iecognized islation; a million names to; the 45th Congress would have great, inora'l.Influenco upon Congress and the .nation. The tjnitcd States already1 has three ;JClass6i?;;;pf,Vptesr, the black: man, naturaUiedCaje dtUens, right to the ballot under Unitpo;arc3.; ? Though by decision' of ; the Su. ; preme Court, .incasebirgihla'Mihor April5. Biirffeld; 1 ; ,r-- May, 1873. t- too8:trpn'g:with;womanf'';ln NATIONAL WOMAN'S- - SUFFRAGE CONVENTION.; ,. Wamstjsie. 'c- in tho matter? No! the love of offspring is much tho depress of divinlty In her na.'.M.r .u r. ture. pt -- ; thesexist ifrwoiiOT iis st. Although not a fWorite.with the giHi; Who(piiflf 'their dresses and Baunt and flirt, ; Aiid" simper and gossip and shake thief r curls: ' 4 rARhougbltt courting he's n6 expert; v Yeinjidreu drbund tinlfeetnQhgTect: Tble poor are blest from bis ample store, nc treats the aged with groat respeciu i ; ,l j i j i. Hie b good, tohis mother what man does more ? H eaii ladgh as heartfly as the best And greatly enjoys a pleasant Joke? V -.bo But makes; the Sabbath a.day of rest; n d'rinks no wine and does not smoke. Indeed iny hero has virtues rare, ; ' ;: iYne free from (anion's unhallowed taint,; pa has food, sound sense, has learning fair, 4 lie's a model mahV ie8 a bravfi yewns safHt? JJb loves and his love be dares confess; y ..Like jthe most iand best of moral ?nen; :' febme young lady. may. Whisper r "yes ' And she'll bis somebody's darlinar fhbni :;' My heart is o'erflowing with gladness too, r My dream of love is so sweet and pure; I wish i could warble It forth like you, But now I must go to my work "for sure." 1 - By hard study, dilitrence and ncrsover- aneejr we may qualify ourselves as schoolteachers, clerks, cashiers; teleffranh orera- tors and fiil positions of honor and-truThen let us be faithful, and let it not bo said that men are-kefrom other duties to fill positions that we inight occupy to our ; "r J. : - li 00 iiJ-- '.... de la paterniti." The : French law ' forbids - every attempt to mako known the paterni-- i ty of 'Illegitimate children, j; Statistics were i presented showing.: the of theso . fatherless who either children, 'did in; the urst months of their existence, .or livo to C people the prisons and galleysi-i-E- x. I seems It fully time that women we're per. mil fed. to speak in their own defense whero. ' such crueltym and v oppression; I exists 1 to wards' the unfortunate. If the women of America obtalrtl Universal .Suffrage Itis probable they may. in many ways" assist- wb- men of other countries iri the protection of their liberties and rights. Would? such laws : ot 1 all.--Mm- e -- e; 'V :PEKS0Naof exf ended' viewsFanorama ' ;:v painters.'";;1 y.r i::.y: . 'r; 