Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 15, 1877. HOROSCOPE. LETTER. baby sleeps bis precious head U laid , Uppo my urm close to my happy boart. In all the beauty jo! sweet infancy, Arid heavenly innocence, and undelil-d- , Angelic purity, he nestles close Within my sheltering arms; and, grazing now Upon thy fair, unconscious face, my sou, And feeling: deep within my love-raheart The countless worth of one pure infant sou t, " Mr snirit kindles with the livlHJf ht Of prophecy; I could withdraw close-drawn The vail between the Heeling now, And that bright realm of hope futurity, And'say, dear child, what life viii bring, to thee. with all Its love and. pride, My mother-hear- t, Would crown thee king in heart and wind and soul, Without one mortal! railty.'strong, priough to chain Thy heavenward aspiring soul to earth. It pictures thee so strong that thou canst lend A helping hand to all the weak and frail ; fi" hr!lv tht. frtliiMrr ehflll irrnitn nllrmr The falling fires of hope in many a heart Whose lamp ot f aitltJiflickerlng dim and low, And, from whose falling arm the strength is gone; -So great the meanest never fear to claim Their little due, their modest consequence; .Ta ho nllnv VwclHn (hv cmtlAM WArlh. And Christ himself , though Lamb of Innocence, Might well deljght to share with thee His crown. Oh, Joy! I will the mystic vail unclose And feast my soul upon this vision bright, And bask in light thus shining from afar, And lil,fcs mv mnthprhfvnrl thuK fflnrifipd ! Out stay! a shadow gloomy, strange and chill, rllso'er the glowing presage fancy wrought, And bids me, sorely 'gainst; my willingness, Seo what might be the bitter opposite My uoble glint weak, and frail, and vile; His soul assailed; his passionsall unreined. Speed like mad charges to the gulf of death; This lily hand, which I so fondly kiss, Imbued in some weak brother's welling blood; This seraph brow black with tb brand of Cain; This incense breath hot with the fumes of wine; A nd, reeking with the foul narcotic" yreed , These censer lips pollute with blasphemy; .; ; Wool shame! My brain grows sick and wild! , My tortured fancy shrlhk3 aghast appalled! . I daro hot Took! On, draw the curtain close, Lest I be seared in heart, and brain, and eye. Thou God of love, and could It then be so, That this white soul could grow, sp black and vile? OhI rather take him to thy heart of love, And leave pie on the earth without a child. I strain ray chcruD to my bursting heart. And shower tender klssesVferven prayers, ' And tears' of grief and love upon bis head. Love Is so' Strong, and yet so powerless ; To hedge the loved one la frota'dange r dire! I can but pray; 'tis he this child alone who must the fearful conflict win or lose. I can but feebly arm the unskilled hand. Almighty God, but thou carfsf tnake It strong My Dec, 28th, 1870. , Editor Exponent to-nig- mm m w mm w w f- H4JiJ M Till, through my, deep anxiety, ; Unto my troubled heart the t'still small voice" Dreathea low and sweetly. "Pea'cer be ..stinr j , t,r'JT'r a I: .J i "Though earth be ovcrrui wth craft and guile,' And menitfire the! r bodies and ttfeitioyti, ' ' ' And say God sleeps, ahdHeither hears noVsees I rf 11 n rw 1 i 1 An ammX La. r t . t ' ! ' r " hate reserved unto this fearful jday, . Unto myself a chosen nobloJevr, , ,y; ' To come forth nowto ahlne on fart b f ' ; ' A living light that all who will may 6ee: Let thin.. bo and do 1thou watrh Vin'd Tirv. I r ; .. one: And pour Into his soul toy living Word' Td be his spirit' Jight !mid deepedarK , . Ilia turri 'riffcn what fnfA nssaiK llisarnvof strength to raise my fallen ones; Ilk, heart of grace the weakest mVrWicorn; lljsrock of faith which sbarf forever1 stan-lj-- ' Do tbiaV 6'moihefi u'd be ikthAz'ot iieart, 1' For alJwbo trust hi MftfliaUsurdJ fiiidj I ; , My wordiretiirns ntt,Tsk Qorjpq? true soul , i ; M. " economy. - I foiake;-Ilemr;n- ber . 5? ' ." Latlod.'; Lu . ; Then let iis till bo gleaners that the great Reaper may not be forced to chastiso- Us for extravagance, or indolence but' seeing our faithfulness and diligence, willas in that ?ew xiuryest time, oi oiu, leave ioruj'va A Dunuies Dy tho wayside" - , , Will contents I peruse with the deepest interest, especially the accounts of the noble efforts of our sisters to carry out the counsels of our President. How nobly they are working: and truly the results of past endeavors have proven what the united offorts of faithful women can accomplish. Who can but recognize the important role played by woman in every community, , No. organization is complete without her influence, and whree is her influence more potent and more freely acknowledged than among the fygamy'as d'egrading and lowering, and as the great circumscriber of the intellectual faculties of woman, but how well do we know the contrary to be the truth, and understand the great advantages of a family organized upon this elevated plan. Every wife is benefitted both temporally and spirbecomes broader, itually, and her grander and holier. Not only can we perform the sacred duties of wife and mother, so dear to every true woman's heart, but our usefulness can extend to other great and glorious fields, and wd can be as coworkers with our brethren in rolling forth the, great work of the Latter days. In addition to the counsel to organize into lielief and Itetrenchment Societies the great blessing of which all Israel can but acknowledge we have had many other important counsels, which' the majority of our sisters have faithfully endeavored to put into execution, and the results have generally proven satisfactory, because our Father is the great instigator of all. Cultivate the mulberry and manufacture silk; make your own hats and bonnets, and "let your adornments be tho workmanship of your own hands." In short the idea is, sustain home manufacture in every sense of the word, by your faith, your prayer?, your patronage, and by conducting and sustain- -' ing an institution wherein home products may be bought and sold. Anl now thp word is, "Sisters, go thou' to and save the grain." What a mission! Do we feel sufficiently the responsibility? Truly it should be regarded as the "word of the Lord," and wo should understand that all assist in this, enterprise by retrenching from every superfluity, ' and ' practising wise " ' AhA love-bor- n, 'I n n : A sense of . gratitude impels this attempt to address you, and a species of gratitude that only the "absent one" can feel for aught which speaks of home and its beloved associations. I do not wish you to think your little paper is unappreciated j it is a regular and truly welcome visitor, and its pt w w 4 Daltox. Shall come, we'll not be unprepared; Save every penny, nickel, dime n Lay by your frUls and ribbons fine, ltetrench from all that will not give Results to teach us how to live According to the counsels given By noble men inspired of Heaven-Prayin-g - ..: T Then, si&terg,work.with woman's will, . . , , And all the bins and gran'ries fill; . Yes, every mother, sister, "wife ' ; Save grain for "bread the 'staff of life,' , ' r ' ?:-' ' That when the lime so Ipng declared -- . . . " n;.ri ii - . c j 1 .' j . 1 . 4 ; ; . - : 1 ' NOTES AND NEWS, Congress received on Tuesday, Jan. 2, tho staues of Adams and Winthrop, as the gift of the State to the Pantheon in the old Hall of Representatives at Washington. "History- - aid Description of the .Exhibition:. tn ft ypry:pra Cen-teunia- l. volume, f Ed ward 0. Bruce condenses a history of the late Centennial Exhioif ion;' and WutAej e e n 1 ;pei ore 1 tie f eauur iti aiyiirg panorama. Jt will be- - of great interest to those who vhted. the Exposition. , t As has been raentioned,7the noxt International Exliibition' will be at Paris; con- tracts for the buildings And other works are already given outand it is announced that me opening wm ou ou tuo isi ot xnay, 1575. r The Prinee , of Wales hns authorized 'the British amdaKsador at' Paris to declare, iti h is name; thai ho H 11 ierid for exhibition the fine collection of interesting and pre cious objects that he brought with him from ;" ": the East: v; r:; ':;I;.:'U; , jl;-;-- ' rovered in the heavens ;which suddenly; flare up with intense brightness,! remain shining a while, and then dwindle down to ;J On very small stars: or disappear entirely. ; November 24 a brightly radiating star was seen in the constellation of Cygnus sby an astronomer at the obser .atory in i Athens, Greece. On December 20 this nev star was found and examined at the Litchfield Observatory of Hamilton College. It was then greatly reduced in sizo from what it wa3 when first seen. The most remarkable temporary star on record is the Nova of Tycho Brahe, that appeared in 1572 in li became bright as Venus, and Was even Tislble in the daytitne.! It could be been with the naked" eye fdr seventeen i?i ' :f Jt::MH'r:, a&i iUi-- . months. ; . . Cas-slopeia- 7-l 1 ? f : - " i ., : ! j. Beeerencb was xsl',1 'i i ' :' .1 ; mado;somQ ;time aga T to a plan for, the fertilizattpn of Africa, by tha submerging oC the desert of Sahara trough a canal which vould let in tho, waters of tho Mediterranean. .'This sQems tq, have been ''mi .ma' abanaoneq, as &i as learea ina very great metQQrologJcalrchariges inigh h produced thereby, which might he j prejudicial . It ia now proposed to submerge .a part of North Africa hv a. canal from tho Gulf of Gabe3 ; - X a 9 a A T mm 9 A westwaJ!ds,:over.the Uke' region of Djeridj and Jhis scheme: is. saidJo be- not only prac-- J ticable, but likely? taU)rover BI1,une?ay? the. area; be! n g corapara U velyj email;- and t h o meteorological; changeailiely. to :.be:,fiUght, - nulfo local, Tr' ; for the success of the Exponent and all other efforts of our sisters to obey counsel, I remain 7 Your sister in the Gospel, I. V. JI. - " ' : '"71 , ffts'Ji teazzot and-beneficia- Lin ' . r:r mili ,v : i'tjo v-;- fi- 