W. 0.11 A N 90 :- - ' u 4 - Editor R. ; S. REPORTS. " -- -- T- - ; T The General Retrenchment" Meeting in the Fourteenth. Ward Assembly Rooms on Saturday, October 13th, was well attended.- m'eLthAlpreJri - . " s 1 -- umon, andwdnngness toj'fto ail that might be required of ithem, and fexpressad an interest in the work of building and minister--in-g jinrTemplegi . ; ixie-Krea- i - fj 1 : -- pa-tient- ly 'thenregned her of--: ficeiof Secretary which shes.held the first year of the organization's asssistant secretary, and oyer since that timeas Secretary , MIsj;E.&-'"Et3m0r- ad . e which. will be lour years: January! 24, 1878. Her reason for resigning: beingthat her place tot residence was- changed and was ;now so far from ;Where. they, meet that she felt she Wjould not ; be abje4 to perfbrixi her "duty 'its sliwduldjwilh;!ln oilice. President liss ;Mar Williams then ;Miss Elsnioro in; behalf of the association, thp;work. en titiedL The Life of FIFTH WOMAN'S CONGRESS. : tSt:-Importan- i t Cleveland, Ohio Oct, 10, MisH Abby W. . May oM&ston, President of the Executive . . -- Exponent, the good that was being effected by It, and tho representation it gave the sisters abroad. !Also spoke upon the storing of grain by women, and read the notice of the annual meeting and an article written upon the grain subject.' Mrs.' Jan'o S. ards, of Ogden, spoke upon obedience, and the pleasure she felt in the work of the sisters, and referred to. the sisters! meetings in Ogden the good results which had al- readyfoUowedi THiExpressed x her 7 joy and gratitude in the progress of the kingdom t God, and said many good things. Mrs. E. R Barney made a few Remarks, and read part of a chapter from the "Women of i ;Brjghaia-Youjjgjo- ' iQtah r ed; HeruFound-- Committee presided; JJr. Alida C.; Avery of Colorado was elected Secretary pro tern., iu the absence of the 'regular Secretary. There were morning, afternoon and even, ing sessions, continuing three days. The papers read by -- the different contributors, areall of them deeply interesting to . 1 ersj ns a okenrof theitappreciatiQiirofrher ;;faithtulnes3n theidischrgerof iher duty as -- rrnMibS Eiamoro accjopted j thecgilt, and'said ,eheJiad notjswprdsi3vherewith to? express Ther:feeling$;ia this rasantsdrpriseand that words were inadettuate, to lelirhow she would prize the gift, as i much in memory nof ;the donoma for thp vxilnable book itself. She. would regard it asianesof j het; choicest -- treasures Said she; had itried; to do her duty but we do. not merit , any praise for doing our duty, as -- weiShoulu do that al- ; , .? f Miss Martha Forsyth! Was then ;accep ted as Secretary by the unanimous vote of the association. It was then moved that the Association hereafter be 'known a3 Mutual Improvement instead; of Retrenchment Association. This motion waa carried unanin tmui-;imously;; v.i Generar Retrenchment Meeting, Four- . teenth Ward Assembly Rooms Oct. 27, Mrs. M. 1. Home presiding. The. meeting was a large onej after the usual exercises, reading of minutes, etc, i the President of the Senior Association iaddrisse the meeting. She gave a 3ynopsis of rher visit - to Bear Lake Valley, spoke of the pleasure. she had in visiting the societlesjn the different also alluded i briefly to the sorrow of. the brethren ud 'sistersWlearh death of President Youngywhit-Ingofhe Reoccurred while ;she was; in Paris. marked . upon .the peaceful Influence and .heavenly spirit which seemed to rest upon all who attendedthoJuneraLand contrast. the circumstances of his death with ; ed that of the Prophet Joseph. Elder Joseph E. Taylor being present was invited by the President to address the assembly. His l.f remarks were upon 4ho present condition orJsraelespeciallythoTyouth- - exhorted tOiWake upron the ; subject A h ampng the, young.: ; v: . -- i . nowmeetieacli Thursday afternoon at three o'clock Miss Maby i he m. WiLliAMSrest. Miss MAETKAlFoRSYTji, See'y. . all candid and earnesf thinkers either men or women. Theset ; Several "papers bn the , various h T ; l iff IRQ - ; - ; s : ; . 'u I. -'jlbrm r-- remarks; alluding to the existing state x)f governments 7 land :: fcocietyv f:Mrsr:Hprne i then made some rplain statements:of the in- fitruction wmcn naa Deen gtvon to mothers, irom iimo1 io lime, ln iine.meeiinffs. ever since the organization of the society. Mrs. W. East made a few remarks 'upon the subject before Jlie meeting; : - - t . aptediTo he4WorkerWhicnof was read during i;the morniog session the firsti ay, struck, : us forcibly, as .being mojtheraiWivesetC', to peculiarly . t.rlAi"ahlft ii ii.il applicable n ni ' sarcasm of "wnat tsome wJives andj mothers receive for looking- afterrthe,4ntmt3 of the household,.and inquired if trestin? the measles and whooping cough Isnpt worthy labors ; How sa.d it is ,tq .see; a pale' weary: face pressed aginstithorw in g on th e th resh old for- - lion rs,' wai tin g for some loved, one who! does; notcome and how sad to hear j the weary sigh of disap. pointment'whenj after hours of waiting, one must turn way for, we .ha,ve waited until twilight .Jbas ;ehut put ;aJlipyectsj and the Ilamps;:wItHlnTare lightedT thel cur tains drawq, and w.e must not look any longer for wo cannot discern any object in the gather. Ing darkness. If owr we can only sit and wait to Hear "the sound of the footsteps that have fcrrowh 'eo: 'familian but it dnps nht come and perhaps may never come niraiii.! . n t nov '.", : :"AhJ how many "wait forerer .7 Tor the sttpe tiat not ccrae, Waittotil the pUjjboiraQgeis' '' Ucar then to r peaceful home!" n: , TAaruiT-Ti5Be;-JpKer--WMlCW3iw;- -- ; - j "Work JIP0SJET. : 7- in ; WAITING.' 1 discussed published circulated throughout and Great Britain would certainly, open the eyes of some of, the indifferent on these vital subjects and cause light to shine in upon the darkness which exists in the minds of many. When women of such superior intellect and ability unto together in a Grand Council the world may readily,; understand that there 13 a meaning attached to it, and; they may look ; for revolution or reform; for the consequen-ceare sqr to be. of a nature characteristic of;lhpv movement And of., the: instigators. We are crlad to see the women of America - so herpiealjy espouse their owrr- - causentl inai 01 universal ireeuomhAaa.vpriviieKc0 alike to mfen and women. .QneJtem. in r3, Sara J. ; Spencers discussiQu ;of the paper of J a try.-- ninniMPAll. nil :, ; subjects j And' ;.pamphjrm the United States ; i j j s, N " our good. -- . set-tiemots.-S- privilege of being at man,: audi the mau waits for his rest inheaven, for life has enough trials and, vexations to make us sometimes' wait, impatiently for the end when we can rest" When yte are in poverty we are waiting ;ior.rprosperiiy,i and when we gain it," if pveir ,p!p, we then wait for happiness,, which wealth alas does not bring.. X.thinl? thqugh, ...that there are a 10'- sweef jiappy. souls- !wno can meet disappointments bravely,; who have learned that cruel lesson of waiting patiently and long; and when adversity overtaken them, wait with a loving; patience that is truly noble, for the blessed sun of prosperity. But alas! how many gt) down to the grave waiting. We must all learn "to wait, if possible, al ways trusting in the Alwise Father who' overrules all things for - a .. . iBi-iSiEls. A Mor-mondom- cradle to tne'gravej thechilbTTwaifsfor the was-called- ; pie, the hopes she had of their' being corn- wuris. , wuiuu iiaa yet peiuut io uu to'.beaccombiished in buildlncr ud Zion. . o She explained? the ehange in the business of of the Woman's Store: said that-instethere being a decrease in the .business, the business was all the time bn the increase; she urged the sisters to sustain thisjnstitu- uuu, .usuumsueu. t3A.pit;ssiy lur mu .siuu ui and to aid in developing the .different branches of home industries, 'useful and ornamental. Mrs. E. 13. Wells" made a few remarks on; the 'advantages enjoyed by the womerf of this Territory, and thb 'extended circulation of the home-manufacture- lives are made up of jvai ting, from the : ; - i . held on ;Oc t. 25, twhfln after singing and and the minutes .; prayer the rolii t! sbf the r laSt meeting TirjeadT andaccepted, ' Counselor Mid3;JDaroii)ie Parryaihen read a i selection irom ithe iExroNENVj. i aUtetwhich the mwUq v was addressed by. Treasurer Mrs J. Thompson, President Miss Mary WilUapas and Secretary Miss I I more, jail aexpre$siugitlieir joy i in their re- I p5V(i yas the'ffrst speaker j in her re- tYiarks Rhfi nil un Ail to thft fimrit jitk! nnwpr She manifested at t he late Conference. al so made excellent remarks upon Cel estial Marriage and Its practice among.' the Saints. Miss'lR. 6now In her remarks Commented ":',iinnn iha: Jrrihmvnhifint nf thfi vnunc0 rifio- . i 4- Sometimes we grow weary of life wait. . ing. Waiting for promises that are never '. fulfilled ;rfor. dreams thai are never real, ized, and hopes that are never gained. Our ExroxENT: of jithemateriai formaHn ers for the Tabernacle until then, they were -TODiigeu 10 uevoie an iue iiiuo uiey couiu spare tlierMfteYto tliat first ,vwa's j 7 ings are nowrecommenced; - In themselves, and especially to those who had not been present on that occasion. Tho minutes of the young secretaries from tiio different warda wire replete with food for -- EXP ON,E NX. S The Young Ladies Meetings here in the Sixteenth Ward have beenjsuspended since March 27th, as not receiving-thei- r portion ErHoOT IJolinTelor " 9 - : of pay -- whataiat She: thought V:the, belieyed,that a certain rrtjonOfr4he.W the r b'and earnings; iWere.- - vryjj justly;; til U- - A sTKoxa;-fre- e rand' happy woinannouu to wprai, Iveem3 to demand 4 mental 2nd physlcalcultusuch a'airecn - -- ;-- . i it is nM:uh support as easy as .aarlio; l ui ; for 1 rtfeaAnna t. vX-- j ci- : 