42 -- fj R. S, BEFOKTS. if if ; Tho General ;Rotrenchment: Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly ItoomsW J! Saturday, August 4th, was largely attend-e- d ; President JJUI.Horne conducted 4he mooting In her usual dignified manner, and , after the customary exercises and reading!: .lot minutes by tho --young lady8eeretaries, Mrs. Horne addressed the sisters in an ear--nest "arid Im'pr essiyomneJeartlng them to live'their religion, attendjto all du. ties, whether athome, prlh hateerjiosit tibn they might bo called to fili.;iCdunselor rzina D. Young related th&outiines of her tO vBe 'recent Lao. galley ; alluded i " to ' the rip fawns grain, smiling and said that Talf bough t tho grasshoppers had. been plentiful there; yet the peoplo.still had ran apunqant: Harvest. : jurs. ir. jttaru-ina lady from S ti Ldnis, Mon: whowas 1 a1 . 4 -- -- . 4 g, . .present if remajrks mae-som- e-i JbaKO-ity- and orgariied the Enterprise Mard Belief Society;- - Mrs' Margaret Green, being; unanimously i voted in as president, chose for her counselors Mrs. Emma Croft and-Mr- s Mary' Hall. The organization was completed with a Secretary, Treasurer, and. a corps of Teachers. .The Bisnop ana nis i much connselors fthen1 gave good instruc--tioexplaining thoobject of Belief Socio- which ties, and the manner and .spirit in. " be' the meetings should conducted,' Hoping that Grod will bless ourSqciety and labors," and the labors of all who 'are working for the advancement of truth and righteousness .upon the earth ; "and that the .Exponent may' continue to be a welcome 'visitor 4b bur meetinjgs, realizing that we: have derived mo ch lasting good from its. pages, wo subscribe ourselves, Your sisters in the covenant of peace. n, ", V s also-Brothc- z '; it Green President, Emma Croft, Secretary. "MARdABET 1 ; Presi-Vderic- I1 nfmATi AUJJXXV 1 "Monroe, 'seyieb Co,, July 19,4877. Editor Exponent: 4 ... X this place inino uvijuifiou, upuer presiaenpretty goyu, There is a Belief Society s in. . to;the ; duties of her , pfflcenAlthbugh we aro, f a long way from tho. r seat of government of the Church, yet wo rejoice in tho same truths of the Gospel; arb very glad to i hear tho good tidings tho servants of God bribg; irdm" time no'tinielf Wdttavo-Jus- t had a' two days' Conference Ifi'thl; cbiinty, received Much good'counSel, ahef beeh more i . . T . " . thdfUtutthahlii fhl'ibr-thebuUdingl up Of 'thkirigddm WGod.' We aro :smali: 16 more in i? ' thiStout .I ia community -when thfe eoufiset?6tf our vonorableand1 be- .?t loved preside'fltmTor'tlie'SistersTO store 'M np grain,' wWetit to wo'f & wltKC'ttIlldnd itnastlltt I ourffllteV ft. Wo arotalso'-tylngto do tho' bdst wo'cari to heff i61ppn thfjr6at, pardon grand cause In other .. us forlnot communlcating.wlth you before, i i 1 l waykr-.OPlea- so "'but wlilstihfd' keep youltterjhfenned '?In tnrifutuft' The; instruBtiobsan W ralinlbxmHtionei -- ' 1 ' t ' . - - . . It habeen somotime since F wrote you, i Editor Exponent ; although my heart is with my good sisters in this Iiatterlday wort, yet my means aro limited. r I feel that myself and all that I possess is on tho altar. I was down at St. George to the April Conference, and en joyed it very much. My husband and my self were down since, and commenced tne work for our dead. My heart is filled to the great overflowing when I contemplate -plan of redemption, and the great privi leges we have that no other people nave ever had. The saints are being endowed - with keys and powers in theytemple dthe Lord; and tho evil one is 'raging outside, knowing his time vis short. I felt as though I wanll lilto it li o tlicro. Tho ICinordom of God is rolling, and the puny arm of man cannot Stop it. Bo the Latter-da- y Saints realize the' responsibilities resting upon them, and the days in which we ard living? We have no time to trifle away. Our Belief Society meets' regularly and a good spirit generally prevails. Wo are intending to build a rock 'granary- andjitore for homo1 prod ucts, and do all wo can for tho Sanpete Temple. The weather is very 'Warmlhere, and there is a great deal of y sickness among children Maria Louise, daughter of Amasa Lyman and r formerly wife of Elder WmL. Clayton, "died here a few days ago. "When she was :) brought to death's door, I was told she began to ask what chance thero was for her, - after pursuing the course she had taken. remain yourJsisler in the covenant i v ; ai i.yU '!.-- : BUTll W.'TftER. pleasures great of that memorable day, and all who jartiei- pated in the? 3as rreation .expressed entire satisfaction, witb the articles7qn exhibi-tion- , as they were alnaost exclusively home i IKeJ ftaffdi Wbrkjd:f the laquilts, dies, of itheBeUef:Spcie& neeidle work of all rugs, knitting, netting, kindsj fancy :article39 ,such as wax,, zephyr and hair ftowe.rsj bead ork, inats, baskets, manufacture.an - mil ioi. sos . el rfvakwldty 281877. o.ii 'EDrrbR' Exponent!" 1 f become a Enterprise liavipg. -- . r - ard in. the cof: the Morgan.Cbuotyi Stake ' -- organisation; of ionvtho ladies ;of.thisilace,;w ho. .have . nboretoforp'Tormed', apart: of :the Feterson r n Jle,Uef t .Societycunder the: presidency of ui iBIrjfc Annr Fetersonvmet on ; Sunday rove- -. ning, July 22df according to appointment - and directipn of tho Bishop, JV Ki Halij j ,-- - - -- and indeed almost all articles, j both useful and ornamental,arranged through tho different apartments of the - x and-also- ; were-tasteful- ly i StateHouse whieh-w- profuseiy decor- as with flowers and :evergreens e The lively strains1 of inusici ant merry voice of song were heard 5af intervals during the day, wliilo the constant demand for : rreffltihients, served by the ladies, did credit ' to ibate-partmenEvery thing passed off ated 1 - r t. harmo-niouslyc- h ; ; an tduntenandetppdwith airbjfreedpm ries of the day. ' The object of theJiiir.:xras:toofixiiilJit fore tho dustry,-a- s : -- . ff.ttlmorer July,1877bytheI4dies to the added interest which : The 20th Ward branch .of thot Belief Society has lately been reorganized, and is now in successful operation, and, we trust, of the atinq with all other branches Society, whose motives and efforts aro to accomplish good and assist the great Latter5;,day work. We hold our rneetings once in al JJtwo7lweoksailwdrkjg gpeaTcing'or testimony meeting; alternately. , Out teach era aro energetic, earnestwomen, and, wo "havo a goodly number of lively our. Sdcietyi VOur ob;J diligent members, ih to ject is make ourselves useful in' looking after and relieving the wants of the pdor to1 aid in i every enterprise which the women, of; the Latter-day- . Saints aro" :called to engagd in; such as assisting tho a brethren in saving means for huilding Xem-- ; r pics; fitpring up grapiTor. times of .'scarcity, -promoting:. homo industries,: sustaining , With pleasure I send you a report of our second Annual Fair, h eld u on the 24 th of ; co-op- er mremAlnoursltQ'V--- Elizabeth Mathews,' Treasurer. Miss Sarah Napper, Sec "Mr s7 0arih Dover, : Asst Sec'y. Beaver,; July 10th, 1877. vnn WP vm t P AiUJi . .. 1 ' rs party was given iqr6?yomgejr, members ' of the .ward.. -MiiATOie'SavageTrpresidentrT: Jane Miller, r,-- 1 M. 4 p, r ; 5 aged and Infirm of tho Ward, and a most enjoyable timo was spen t by all Who participated Circumstancesprev.ented our JJish-oBrother John Sharp, from meeting with us, but-hicounselors, Brothers Diinbar and C. BSavage and Allen, and C. W. Stayner favored us With their pres. ence, and Assisted, with. appropriate hymns, songs and'mtislpfin cjBiring;'tHe 'hear of ourgedndiaifflicid breKren and sisters. The meeting was adjourned for one year. In the evening a leasantdef sdciable ; , and the greatkidness an courtesy; which : juurbeen; extended to her, by theXatter-pa- y t!'; Saint sistersVMrfelt, spoke j upon the great trials j and persecutions through which the saints had passed, and the blessings which were in store for the faithfuls Mrs. RyS. Barney mado some good remarks, and read a chapter, from the Women of7Mormohdom.,, -- Some business was transacted and the" 'meeting ad-- 7 Journed to the" regular timet President-I. Home announced that it was expecty ed some of the brethren of the First would bo present' at the next meet- it lipme prddue lions and alltfiese great co op- erauve scnemes?r uu iug J.ffjoi April last We had;a Teast prepared lor Who poor, the ! hat i;UrK3n in eait s&a ajii49pseryeq;neTg,. s W O M A N.S E X P O N E N T. youngruch.articles of bein- -, home to the cultivation ex-of reimeiAenti ancor the more wil7lead taste and tensive promotion jpf which wo are so;urgently, requested to also to procure means for the storing of grain, and fo establishing sericulture more permanently, as,well as, to, raise .funds 'for distrlbutingnecessaries to'thpsc needing Home-manufactur- e, sua-tai- :f- f km aistance,;; ;: rjlnanctally and satisfacmrily duruin --U- n; -- corhDleie success, Fai r proved showby ta profit'. r'eaUzd of; $W(cnj dredandxty dollars; thisljrancK'.bf'. iiry jTho sisters, ? ' lief Society are entrgeticariaimng; ft? to : POto-Jhe-yari- o .up)n thorn, and ; asweow haye the pnw lege of renewing our covenants;. fp r?a? with unceasing, diligenco lQtih'&& wor .?.'..a,a:iio .till, u ik30iH;ci yV- - ;;:;.!A teacher asked. bis. ckua differences jbetweenj ".dear'o One bright littlQiIcHow i' !.h(i- - exclairneatdi013 a biped tho other.is iiTiuadrnpddi'tin , 