WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 ". jThe woiLiN'S: Exponent; B. WELLS, 2XSXUtX . t Editor. 4 4 ' "Pabllshcd . In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms; One copy one' year, 3.00; 'one copy six months, 1.00, fTen copw jor mo price of nine.' ; Advertising Urates: UM wt vupurcii space, one vr ,iu A liberal discount to I - J ; 1877, ' - Young. r , . - The beloved Prophet,Seer, and Reyejatpr, so dear io the heart of every, true Latter-da'galntvthis great, gocd4 and wise mafi. has jft: this mortal sphere, and gone to join the pro ntiefc Josenh and others hehinrl f hn vpH xohn have, teen in times past associated with him. " y r ; In establishing In this PftTtH lAt dlsnpns.itifi'n Thn nnnniiTno-.- over the whole Turrit or v nf.TTfnh. T1ita ia: I truly beloved, and none whose loss will be tmore ndefcplyfeltIFtban7P . Young. He departed this life at one 'minute ; past four o'clock, p. m., on Wednesday, Aug. .. v surrounded by his wives,' children and friends whom he had ever so tenderly loved and cher-- 1 lahed. Words are weak to express the esteem and honor in which he was held by this peo- niRi i iiiiuiuiniis hiiii ihiis nr mniisnnns win mniirtv iiye him with sincere love ahdgrlef. In the fullest sense of the word he was a father to the Latter-da- y Saints, and his memory! can never be effaced from their; hearts. It is written there In characters imperishable. He was a friend to all men and women who were hori- est and true, of whatever nation or creed, aijid the benefactor of, all, who would be' guided by his wise and judicious counsel and precept : Undoubtedly he was one of the greatest men i . ... j, 1 York.He V Sweet sleep, sweet rest, enwrap his mortal clay, Th artnl nnw frpA(lKrAMis In on-- mntM7ii rr And we but twine the cypress-wreat- h In vain, : For our great loss, Is his eternal gain. -- BrighanioungtWajia nativeof Kew Eog land, and: was born in the towaf'of Whitlng-- l ham, yvindharii County Vermont on1 the 1st-dof June, 1801, but his father subsequently ' removed to Mendonj Monroe" Cpuntyy New'? - ay SALT LAKE CITY, SEPT. 1, President Brigiiam ' VI V ( W WV IHUikU I &.A tuv uvou. Ilia YUii has been a magnificent one. and the record of his life so full of great and good works ten Indelibly r inimmlstakabie characters throughout the lemrth acd breadth of Utah, a monument forever to the name of Brig- - Ham YOUiCG. r Foremost among the many strong points in the character of this illustrious roan were jthoso 7 ineslimable, genial, social and aflcctional qualities of luart that attract and draw out the warmest senilments of attachment in the fam7 ily vnnd social circles. I President Young was an ndefati gable and earnest worker, for improvement and progression; a man of strong personal influence and j spiritual strength, adapted by nature and soul for all the exigencies and necessities of the work which devolved upon him as the successor of Joseph Smith. VTbe people of this entire Territory and of the church and kingdom of God throughout lhd woTld, will mourn his loss sincerely, remembering his many and wise instructions, and cherishing in their. inmost hearts the most remembrances of him, not only as their - ; s I 1 pa-cr- ed . Jesus' Christ at 1832 although intoelChurch of j Saints April 14tli73 JteMay; he hadieard and jbeliete6 the r Gospel some, time previous. . From that time uuui ine present, ms japors, nave Deen active "work revealed from heay- - J ano unceasing Ja en te teeph Smithr; When the Twelve Apos-- 1 tics were chosen bis name was next to that of Thomas BJifarsh, President ,pf the ;quorum; rarid.wben after a few years Marsh apostatized,' ( Brigbam Young succeeded him as President of the Twelve. : . a has past h be- iBrigbam Young; though Jhe hind the veilt and. we shall behold his"fape?n6"l f more, lives in. the hearts of his people, and !srill be perpetuated through! the principles' he . taught, which Iwil I yet be ;niore fu I ly. devel- - . oped in the lives and practice of iheiatterdayv Saints BriKham Young was the true friend Woman's enfranchisement arid progression; Volumes might bewrittenxiVhk lifhishar- acter, his many excellencie and yet riot the ' half be told of this Marvelous man, the won; . ! i and active in all charities which are designed to bless and comfort and improve the condition of the human family; and to keep alive the interests, and inspire .with zeal and ardor those who are engaged in any noble enterprise, de-- - 1 ; ? nenrta -Invnrlfthltr ilnnn J' w M ; der of this nineteenth century; -- - For Brigham Young no eulogium ' ; ; Id needed, everywhere his works ptsdBe ". him,, and :are wreathed about his memory with a halo'of tenr der nees as a crown of glory. - Tf.w IT the responsibilities anil roll bh the true mech anism that briDgs about, triccepsful results, or " solves any diftlcuH problem. ,!?; In the Industries established in. Utah has it not been the few who have exerted themselves, using their time, means, and Influence, while the majority have stood still, remained indifferent, or sought their own individual interest and welfare, independent of the good and g and future prosperity of the kingdom of or the Territory, of tah? , God, , If the sisters would unite together, more of them, and concentrate their efforts ouldtalnaost! do anything ;they wish 'to'do, in 'theVrigbf, direction. Humility ,;and aiti f With bbediencoi toVcounte, wijl be sure i to 'bring down Uhe specLal blessings, of eayen , upon the good and great Vork; com-- I menced by the wgmen of Utah. . well-bein- 1 , systemati-orcaUy,tey- THE WOMAN'S GRAIN MOVEMENT IN UTAH. .. CHARITIES AND INDUSTRIES. The season for storing up grain has now arrived.: The gleaners are in the fields, arid many of the daughters of . Zion have gone forth to gather the scattered wheat left by the harvesters. How noble for those who have homes full of plenty and to spare to go into the open fields in the hot sunshine and gather, II ttlea fewTkernelsi tcr storei zlMlo-bj- r away. ' And for the poor sUters who have gone ;and -gleaned, who shall say it shall riot be account- ' ed unto them, In the great .day' of reckoning, f more than a garner full given by tharichrwho have a profusion of means and do, not realize ; V" the giving. The world may ridicule the idea of Mormon 'women storing up a littie handful of grain. Does ho 1 he ram e G od live that- gave untoEUsha the prophet power to"multiply the widow's oil in thedays of jold? Aridihat sent Elijah to the widow, of Zarephtath arid found her gathering sticks and when he asked her to .fetch bim a little water to drink and a; morsel of bread to eat, she answered, As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a . little oil in a cruse: and behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my .sonj that we may eat it and die." All who ha ye read the . Scriptures know how the meal tb " ..f,W- - is ih V .uv Jf.m Wrderisf who carry the heaVy in any public matter for the good lor bumariity. It Is the few worsers, real and enectlve, who shoulder -- " te : It . UMV was baptizeo co-opera- to t " m ) - - : ; - IN ME MORI AM- choforrhlsTdieXnd eoinpariions the poor, and he pronounced upon them the choicest blessings r y - tpp-r- z::. This year tfaere: is an ' abuhdont harvest of grain, and it will be well for the:Lalter-da- v Saints if they remember to listen to the counsel which has been , given by President Brig-haYoung in regard to laying up grain, and seek with all diligence to carry out his wishes fco plainly expressed," telling the sisters to go to work and unite1 togetrier and aud ' store up grain. , There is testimony upon testimony that euch a course wijl be wise, the very fact of the re cent famine i n 'India is one strong argument to the thinking mindi and. the great Eastern war, which feems likely to involve all the nations of EbrppeJ isof itsei sufficient to warrant all peoples, while' peace and plenty reign, to prepare for future emergencies. The women, Vf Xtiii burch-sboulbe earnest co-ope- r-l : Address all business communications to ' ' Publisher ,Wohimtb Exposes T,i . ,! 5alt Lake CHty, Utah. ,:i ; : ns Eaststtcets. onriosite Eaorle Gafa. Tintfnon hnnr from in a.m'. to 5 p.ra. every day except Sunday. , I v he lives'immortalized in; the world's; history; arid the principles-aiiTopinlohe held land J taught in regard to organization arid ationj were more perfect in theory Hban any J ever inirpduced; taud - if systematically; carried f out on the broad and solid platform suited to his idea, would bring about a state of things that would give permanence and security to governmental and .business, transactions.' - semi-monthl- y, - and the oil were increased Until the day that the Lord sent rain upon the, earth. The same God has charge, .concerning His people now and has a tender and special care for the widows and fatherless. It is the humble and meek and lowly that the Xord Iovej.'elSavior pioneer leader, but as their brother and friend, and'a nian of God;.- - ,77 i, As husband, father, brother 'and friend his record has few, if any parallels. .; As a great leader, diplomatist, and statesman 4r f . , . . 1 -- A 1. L. '. ' 1 to-da- y - 1 I mnienced its ; MmlClll 'IIIIIIIIIMV. IU I ' X t B i ll!ll Iformer, cbrps of teachers".. I Dr. Jfl RPark, Into ft Pxmclpal :tThe Academic year isdivjded tenweeks each-- c There are three ..out terms of . departments .in the!nnivAMftv-- h Prnara- 1 - i . T&E 'pES&Kin tpry, the.Normali and the Academic 16. Mr J. Hi1 El ward, of St. PaulMinri4cailed at our office and spent an hour in'coriyersation with us ' on woman's'' (workif hA inn 'of the ,r day and the7 Ideas oif dlffererit ijersbririiri the . ' iriventor arid monrietnr orthfl Kirard ilsr- - vesteri'h;ch7haV: -- throughout the' 'self pleased with1 the Ity. arid Its many iridas- wmer improvements, r. ' a M.;E. Cook's Gradedl School 'in the Soci&l Hall jwill commenrA nri hTnntliv' Bept' jSd; This school is now fairly established on a. systematic scale of gradation. ' The bulldlog has been newly fitted up, outeide and Inside, and a new picket - fence, new uLaira and fresh , ', 