WOMAN'S EXP ON E N T." 28 III V 11 All J) St WEUA v V E LULA GHEEV EtfMEIXVE JB. ? ; Salt Thaler Published In One Terms: copy one year, f2.00; ; 1.00. Ten copies ; for the pricejot rates; : Each sqaire, ten lines of, ternl-monthl- nd seek to save those of their own faith, of their own class (of. their own blood perchance whom their social Jaws and Christianlpride and crael ty drive to desperation and plunges into the depths of misery? ; i: Depend upon it there is n time to waste in EXPONENT. I THE WOMM'S y, TTtAh. cnty, one copy six monthf, -' Umv; il jiAMIll m xti ne-CAdwrtifll- ipice, one LJilbojlJdino- per month, 3.dOn A.4t - ' ; ? ' tem and First of South pie, EftBtBticcU, opposite Eagle Gate. Baeinefse hours from 10 aim. to 5 p.m. cVerj day except 'f , Sunday. JsExj;o ' rn bus hers : ': to wouan s exponent, Utah. Salt hafere commtmlcatlons .Address all ba6inccs T--- f - e gemiihe-th- young Ladies 'of Utalj are far above any sympathy the world has to7 give, and there is work for them to do, a great and glorious work, arid they should be preparing' themselves for it and be so constantly occupied and so completely absorbed f n its coptemplajioni as to have no room for such sympathy as the world would ofler them. A sympathy that would bring them into such bondage as Ibeworld are in, and from which they see no clear avenue to escape the bondage of sin and crime. But through oi edience to a higher law revealed to the saints in this day and age, the focial condition of men and women may be improved, and the Lord desires to accomplish it, otherwise there could not be a people prepared to meet Him at His coming. ; ng nonpareil so -- HeeiviDgHBymrtby-ereritever Oity, -- WORK FOli Work to be done! Work that requires woivrEisr. Yes! energy ? Work for Women ! activl iy , resolution not a elm it of dein the work.; that Jwil ; necessitate method in its execution. Worlc for ,"which women must be trained, educated cultivated and physically, mentally, morally an d spiritually. om inaii ;wm require um tea combination, and concentration and courage. Work that will lay. , Work In the present. that we would require more another year, and' for those who have good healthy trees to save the mulberry seed. It was a mission placed upon the sisters at the 'late Conference at St. pait, aim ucuigct auu sue icm imp. uijuj, advised those present to use their influence in the same direction. e tr nroii ffta hscf In i. Stirni1 UUL fn 11UIUC11 Ui.lkn.f M1U J Clin utcii jii mtJ Dili best in the world; he wss asilk weaver,and had woven silk from all parts of the world where silk was raised. He had sent a sample of our silk to Patterson, N. J., and received an answer that the parties would purchase all the silk we could raised . r t it mi auuresseu uy in. ine raeeiing was runner Barney, rapid several others, after which a motion was made and carried that the Association send a copy of our pamphlet to every President of a Relief Society in the Territory with a request that they make good use of the same, this being done for the solo purpose to further the work along. Meeting adjourned uutil the first Friday in August, at 3 p. m. - 1. IV 1- YY . 1 - -- ' - - m -- of thouirht. inflnence and persecutions inflicted upon which women have borne a effort, The serious this people and ' proportionate share of, the.' experience through which-- ; uvo - ua iwbou, . imcu bitter rigorous andwomen Mormon - mem-- else; every could, for the peculiar la Us nature that is in assisting to further the luo Aiujiguij ,iu iub great xvb noining most life-wor- k, upon them resting plana and designs of me moor oi racier of mankind and the final of the redemption dead. :y,. y There are those who find it liard to endure the ridicule and censure upon them heaped the world, in pursuing the by of patli and denial, and feel that t la eir heroism mast draw forth sympathy if not admiration; but would that give the impetus that criticism indcen8ure calls out? And the arises question world in the mind, wonld the sympathy of he the Saints i : ' : -r V- - ct-- self-sacrifi- ce 1 in the path they ar e walking Would it help woment ;We :do: it hot believe. would. Perhaps they Would begin to feel that help really their idt' was bardf and standard of excellence, and . sympathizing hand held out lower the thereby succumb to the charin seeming of purpose ity. This would weaken nobili and real heroism of character; tyiibrmoii. wo men do not need sympathy. i and they should not' accept foritrv'y.s-;;;- - from the world, it, inuch less seek ";1-';i;v--;v- ': enfbrced rigorously against this people, or measures ciarried that are oflensivo to the sense of Justice and lionor, or would fcring them into genuine bondage,ancl : i help orjistanco given to h iiudr persecutthen it is a ion, only duty to he truly gratefulfor such real help: or if any person lias sufllcient courage or honesty of charactorto nitineir voice or pen to do good to tiii people, or speak in their dtfeise, none should ho ungrateful in acknowledging tuch legitimato nets of kindness. Otherwise it la hdblo to stand. aloof from out, for they aDy offer of sympathy held ii all the honor and adulation of the world good alone If at any time laws are V 1 W for, let - -- ' V ' w their miserable down-trodde- n women pity of TJtah?r for the "poor They have they have true charity if to lift the fallen, whynotraaeb out the band of no real power WW ! I T - LA. . 1 1 R. blBiPSONj Sec'y. HOME AFFAIRS. O 1 ITT ' ' BITUARIES. The Medical Clas9f A fair attecdance,nH-- t as per appointment on Wednesday, July 11, and were addressed by Mrs. Zina I). Young and Irs. C. M. Barlow. It is hoped a larger number will come forward and interest themselves in the important study of obstetrics. We have had a pleasant call from Eider Henry Grow and Elder A. M. Musser, returned missionaries. These brethren have been traveling in Penh. Elder Grow's relative? weie; very hospitable and courteous to himself and other Elders whom ho introduced to them. They held some very interesting meetings and were introduced to many .influential and worthy people with whom they discussed Mormon-isand the political and social interests of Utah, gome other items of their travels will be given in our naxt number Preparations for the coming Jubilee on the 24th of July. Jt will no doubt be interesting to the renders of the ExroNKNT to bavc an idea of a few of the leading items furnished, which have been kindly supplied by Br. Ghas. F. Williams, Chairman of the Decoration Committee. There. will be 18,000 feet of each one weighing over 100 lbs, anil measuring 40 feet; the whole, SOO in number, will weigh 37,000 lbs. One million flowers (artificial) made under the superintendet.ee of Mrs.' Annie Cross and her lady assistants. . The flowers are held together by 13 milts of fine wire. The festoons are arranged with pine and cedar brush. The ladies of the Floral Committee will be pleased to receive all the assistance available from the various wards, as there is much to be done yet, and but little time to do it in. m Jes-toon- . s, . ' ' . W. Wirxi?. . The Deseret Bilk Association met pursuant to adjournment at the Fireman's Hall, Salt Lake City, July Cth, 1877; Mrs. Zina D. -- ;' . Young presiding. J1: Mrs. Young gave a brief report of her travels in the south. Shdliad talked considerably oh silk raising, and found that a good spirit prevailed anda lively interest was manifesied in this branch of home' industry. Many were planting ouC trees and cuttings. She had sent considerable mulberTy teed tb.'dirTerent parts of the Territory. She adviid thoso raising worms this year to save a little more seed than they would need; themselves, as we had run ehort this yearj awl the prospects were Resolutions of sorrow offered by the Re- lief Society of Huntsville Weber Co., to the family of the deceased Mary Jane Hammond, f resident of the Hun ts vitle" Relief Society and wife of Bishop F. A. Hammond, who din! June 6th, 1877: Whereas, the hand of Diviue Providence has removed our beloved sister and president from the scenes ot her temporal labors, ajnd the Society who acted underher counsel and profited by her example are desirous of testifying their respect for her memory and expressing their earnest andt affectionate sympathy with the family deprived by this dispensation, of its le- loved wife and mother, Resolved, Tha,4; it is but a just tribute to the rnempry of the departed to say that in regretting her removal from our midst, wo mourn for one who was in every way worthy of our respect and regard. Resolved, That we sincerely condole with the family of the deceased on the dispensation with which it has pleased Divine Providenco to afflict them, and commend them for consideration to Him who orders all things for the in . best, and whose hand dealings are meant r ' ... i . mercy. ; Resolved that the heartfelt testimonial of our sympathy and sorrow be forwarded to the family of our. departed tister by the secretary of this meeting. v : Mary Hall, Secretary. Ann Kempton Brown, wife pf Dr. Jr Du nyoh departed this life Friday, June 22nd, 1877, at the Point of Mountain, South, near Draper Deceased was the daughter of Abia W. Brown and , Abby CadwalJader tf Penn. Born April 13, 1831 in Damascus Colombians Co. Ohio. Baptized July 17, 1S51 in Council Bluffs or, Kanesville, Potto watamie Co., Iowa. She and her aged mother gathered . l , with the saints in these valleys in 1853. De ceased was raised a quaker to which principle she was ardently attaclied, but In early J lfo beLattercoming satisfied of the truth of the Great -day work, she embraced It with all the Intensity of her generous nature with the determination to live the' life of a saint, and to help to build tip the cause of the Latter-da- y Zion of God upon the earth. Every aspir-dioof her soul was t do good; to feed the hungry clothe the naked, and to administer to the n sick and afflicted was her chief delight; ehe , 1 