1 W OIL A 35PS E X P ON E NT . - JOY. visitation Ob Joyful They are all free H Yes free to go without their daily broad If they don't vote as their employers wish. In Utah gentlemen (?) don't go ab0ut buying upthe votes of the lowest rabble, and the: hkf.idiotie Inebre-atthe pay -- "free drinks." Is this tho style in Utah? No it is. not. Men or wo. men vote just as thev please. An v decent person passing the "places whero tho are held in the states are shocked and polls diswith the and gusted sights sounds,and will as as We. last iiuxry away possi Mrs. Livermore says, "the women don't want to change." What can! she mean? Ts it our husbands? If so, we beg to inform her we are not "Free Lovers," but believe most emphaticallyin chastity.- - She asserts we women "do just as tHe men wantus to." Does she mean to imply we are not capable of doing our own thinking? She also says we obey our religious convictions" as thoughhe pitied us. Is it not right that we should? Is it any sign ot imbecility? The Jioman Catholic nun follows her religious convictions when she takes the vail yet she is not considered an idiot. I have lived in Utah eighteen years and never known any woman to die of a broken heart. I will tell you what I have seen; noble, brave, strong-hearte- d women in polygamy living the lives of saints in deed, and dying the death of the righteous, leav. ing the world better for having lived in it. Well although so much has been written and said about the Women of Utah, we are still a "sealed book" to the world. ...r .Conic Jesus voice obey, To gain His approbation We'll work and watch and pJay. -- - In every nation laud it; The Savior sorn will come, then the welcome plaudit-Wil- l be to eamts well done," Chi ist comes, the Lord's Annotated -- And To comfort those who weep. and appointed ; ed A Shepherd for the sheep. Then glory! Hallelujah! To Jesus we will sing; He comesjto relgu In glory, ' The Saints Eternal King. S. L. City, March 7, THE DRAM-DIUNKER'- Ellen Wallace. 18T7. BRIDE. S Lay the sod over me, cover me deep; In silence leave me to the long, last sleep. I am so weary with curses and blows, That I long for rest where the soft grass grows. This heart so filled with anguish and gloom, Can find no reposo but the silent tomb; The clods of the earth are easier borne . Than scathing reproach, cokl,buuger and scorn. , That bright summer morn,, when with girlish pride, 's I trusting became a bride, Little I dreamed that a sparkling cup Could drown warmest lover swallow it up. Dar Savior receive and hold to thy breast, This trembling soul so weary, oppressed; In that blessed land where sin cannot come, There may I find peace, love, friends and home, ' .No marble will tell, how suffered ahd died, Of want and neglect the bride, But each sigh, each tear each praj-e- and each groan Is heard In heaven and will yet be known. . dram-drinker- dram-drinke- rs r j COKA Shamblp, May 7, 8. 1877. THE ELECTIVE FRANCHISE IN UTAH, SUGGESTED BY MRS. LlVERMOBE's RE-- . MARKS AT THE NEW YORK CONVENTION. - i .... I don't doubt Mrs. Livermore Is an ex- cellent woman, bat she does not understand the women of Utah. She says that in Utah women vote. To be sure we do; sible and just man knows thatevery sen. without representation is tryanny taxation and op. Don't women have to pay taxes pression if they haveany property? Ask the tax kDW What his would be Tri yrf -- ,.fW fi say9 are ticketed, w:a"er She womin -men and a number. "Do we Mrs. Livermore seems to know more about those tickets than wo .do. seen one of them aithk.,u I S ave nevor t WS- shall on I look fr il-lfJ"10- the hats or Mn!If Wh m ?or hi hW? 1 Where . Tn7 onu the ba('k answers havovotedithasbeenbe t 0nest conviction PRECIOUS ber." I ESfn PeSs L fi ookinfi:drivprlor When my num. iDg raen and the aDOther man,s "es or ' aro not ticketed, Oh, "no! de-frow- Tbey ns? ; c--c- with higher talents, whilo those we already possess lie dormant, growing rusty from neglect: Those who would attain to real greatnessfshould eep Tthemsel vWfrWW7 their consciences and their Creator. Shun the society of the impure, remember that even. the best characters can be injured by asscwiating with those who are corrupt There is nothing which binds heart to heart so closely as truth. Truth is eternal. Mary. Grautsville, July2, 1876. AND PRICELESS IS TRUTH. East Bountiful, June, 1877. How beautiful is truth! In this world where there is so muchjalsehood and deceit, how beautiful is the VrueThbught, word and deed; like the sun smiling out amid an angry storm, or the bright stars shining through the heavy clouds; like friend clasp ing the hand of iriend, like heaven upon the earth. Yet truth in this day and age of the world is rather unpopular: the hu. man mind is prone to seek to live pure lives, we must popularity;hence choose a higher standard and maintain truth and indepen. dence of character, and learn and compre-hen- d the truth for ourselves and not be afraid to speak in its defence. ' Re true to cauu uiuer. une great lauit with our national affairs is that on every side difficulties ariso and one party cries out the dishonest proceedings of the against other- - yet both know they are equally in the fault. These things prove to those whose eyes are open tothe "signs of the times," indications of political revolution. On every hand we meet deception, honesty appar ently is at discount; to listen to what is termed business men, one would draw the conclusion that money had become the ru ling, power, the determined value of everv ; thing on earth. We should bo advocates for truth and intelligence. Be honest, not because "honesty 13 the best policy," but because It is adutv we owe to God and man. The heart that ' fatified b? dishonest giin, tho am. bition. be satisfied by dishonest means, the mind that can be. devoted to d shonestpurposes .must be of the worst "ver vv as its veight. r Truth crushed to the earth will rise again'' though often di'scouragedX greatest principle of goveru-DO- t rJ??Uy i$, Wote thence .and welfare of all to cary out everyprinc"fpld . ! tn next of right, and discourage that r which is ' wrong? There' would bo ' but little complaining, and the people Would have entire confidence in each btherPMThere T would be no need of locking doors and making every thing secure from theft, for there would bo no thieving, no one to wrong his neighbor. True greatness IsTaTways , humble and gen. "tie, for it knows its power and realizes Its dignity In good government there must be decision of character; the world Is what we make it; do we fully realize this air important fact? Have we ever paused long enough to think seriously about it? We sometimes murmur at.fate, because wo are not as talented or as wealthy as some one else) forgetting that God in His Jnflnite mercy has created us as wo, are for some wise purpose. Wealth is transitory and liable to take wings' ndTfiy way; a beautiful face is also transitorx There- la a higher, noblerbeauty rthat emanates' fmm a meek spirit that will last as long as life itself, only becoming more refined, in , purity as we grow old er. ; ;s Our success in life dei tent on the talents we possess;' but surely wo should not blamo Dame; Naturp ''or her of partiality, in ''not endowing us e, The faithful saints are rearing Their Temple to the Lord, The quick and dead 'tis cheering Through truth to earjh restored. Fore-ordain- 27 M. J. C. 6CINENTIFIO NOTES. Hpw; J8lt..iiEEATUE.--Th- e of fishes takes place by means ofbreathing their gills. The water which is impregnated, with atmospheric air, is taken in by the month and forced out again by the. apertures on each 8ide,of the neck. It is thus made to between the gills, which form a comb pass set of vascular iringes, supported by a like sys. torn of bones termed bronchial arches, an during this passage the air is absorbed by the blood of the fish. Fish ;have little blood, and therefore require little oxygen, the bx Idized blood being, chiefly confiued to a few internal organs, as the heart, Hver, kidneys, lungs and gills ; For this! reason" ihe flesh v. luwmsu la wo lie ana blood-lesnpparently v ' ; ' ;'' ' ; iE3 toning of ON GLASS.- photo-transparenci- s. The oh glass is es now asserted toe scarcely necessary, If the .transparency has been reinforced with acid silver, and is only required to bo viewed transmitted light. But silver as well as by alkali Intensified films have generally a very disagreeable color by reflected light, and many amateurs object to this. The use of TL601?"0? of fhlorideof gold obviates difficulty, but, unfortunately, the light -t-hus given is too cold to' suit tastes. Artists of hlgh; repute, now; many chloride of copper as the best toningregard foi- lowed by an application of alkali agent, pyro-a- ny btran?mitt light being attainable, ?Iort?f tb0 dePslt by reflected nf0-is- either black:cr a deep warm brown; 4?D 0acCount is resort to be bed to any pf he formerly recommended methods of .toning by mercuryfor colurs, though beau- in appearance are evanescent, and juui sooner or Iater; the picture becomes, . In fact, . . onshancless blotch. . : : : 