WOMIN'S EXPONENT. Origin r Excellent recip.for cmlaren vfor pIup'thragjetCi'yTTiiio. most elingingaflection la 'oqq , quncc ( t)f .aDise ; one-hal- f, one-quart- er , -- fr BO " On. rfrt-rO'iUi-'- ox K jlieave off the GartersChildrcn shonld never itockibgs cboperfectly prlgaltkas tthoakcbuient of clastic; strips to tfreU'Jcet'.baV t is tbedigtbadflf garteri are,brn7it the' least "risk' of banru tAthe; tend of ;the?knee the Superficial mde imrjott-au- ins of tieunite and gpdaeintolite part of 'the thigh beneath the' hamstring tendon ' : Thus a ligature ow; tbe'kneqobstrUciU ; Ihrf abbVe,' erficial the the' bamistriogtcndons keep' pfessure" off the fm Unthe hlood (he fortunately, most peoples in inorinCe of the above facts apply the garter below the Vrjee; Elastic bands , are the most injurious. ; They 'followthe movements of the VisdcsWd ncyer 'relax their veini-whichfctuf- n i presMpi ng"muscuir eiertion become considerably relaxed at mtcxyais ana auow iireer cucuiauon ; . wood.-- opniar ccience auonj. ri Electricity as Remedy. 1 think the uso ?iMti&yj tyiiaDibodi'at present ? mental.'"! doubt if there' is a man or sweetest, o ortn-snate- n by li;;8lightest?tfi gramw-rjaMB- sec4.and.steep it thoroughly; strain it boiling hot puoeVof Turkish rhubarb grated j oyer .of an ounce of carbonate of fioe, add Is6da7 Qnerhalfpound:of EUrpandonfrpint-o- f Jamaica ruin. Giyq in small doses, according to a very lltq ago and pprtstitutiou of ibo jiationt; Up& child , ;onebalf teaspoimAilrrtfcreu; or four -tan older, tone a tcaspoonful, and itn'aLji; jl&y-rrf- ojvQuAiiiiELsi-Th- of W biperfc Mroman liv- can foretell what mil be the result from ing its use in: any caseV In the first 'place,- nobody "Who - g' knows "what it is, nor does anybody know about-i- t ;j except from Jts effects. That a substance, so called, exists in nature is a fact, but what its uses are nobody know- s- Science" has not evoked the trutb U respect tp, it in this direction. How to use it remcdially, therefore, is not known at present as a certa'inty That a great many persons have been benefitted by its use ris not at all to be questioned- - f because, facts arc' al ways to be ' fpcetredv Thitji' great man p'6rsbhsf also hive been'gfeatly injured in its 'use is not a whit less fact. These;Vtwb facplace4 against' ekch ,'othef balance achVptliernd should latUfyanyb tKat whoever uses itbr'i'eceivs its ise, 4iiiustem- -' ploy it br accept "it at a nslc; V I life I have had a great many persons .come 'idi' ine for advice who previous to coming "had .been Under electric treatment and 'wW; felt, they had . been ost pf those persons' to greatly injured b it whom it was administerecl were buffering from Chronic coiSefition of the rani;?;.irwd,'nbt;be any-thin- i delicate rings and tendrils of the vine by the faintest air '.that blows In sum- agi-tate- i draws blood pen the battle-a- Wortl from on & beloved from many a heart which -' dp-in- ?well Millinery Goods, Shapes, Flowers, Ornament JEic, Men's and Boys' Clothing, Hois and Caps, Boots . :. and Shoes, Ladies' Cloaks and Furst Iolions- . Jipcst Cutlery, Etc-- , OurPrlces will be hs low as the' lowest,' Wliolcsal'e- tdy. ers will find the Best Assortment and Bottom. Lces at the Uld Fashioned House. - . THE FINK ARTS. The Ladieff of Utah are iaviLed tovkit our New Art ' . finest in the West. . the Gallery, - We tvilJ show them specimens of our first premium portrait and Landscape Photographs In all braaches incltd-in- g enlargements' from small pictures, any size or style, the coloring in water colors, ink or elU is by O. M. Ot Linger, which 13 asutSclent guarantee of excellence. Our r prloos kre pnt at llring rates. We spare: no pains to produce satisfactory work, and are determined to excel In all we do. A full assortment of Day and SundayiSchool Trtzet kept In stock. Frames, Chromos and Pictures of ftil kind ' C OL,: T. O.B BS Is Sole Agent fc r Utah, for the Almond ' ; 7 . ; der Toilet Soap. Pow. ; tf Tlneljrpovdered and put up in glass bott'ej, witji d tops. M a lolltt article, it id excelleut; it clean; ses and purifies i be tkln. n-pa lef wholesale and retail corner First South and Second West Street, Fourteenth Ward. , per-fora- For fl vi- - !:, PIANOS. & ORGANS : : cXlder : : i & fairr;for rne;fo;aytbaVft " . . Z. O. - JSL. . X. ; Whelesale and Retail Dealing in all kinds of : DR Y GOODS, ' NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY AND SIIELI 'HARD WAR E GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ' STUDEBAKEU WAGONS, AGHlCXJL TURAL PliEATNETS, Pajments can.be made monthly, quarterly or six monthly.' Prices low and no "interest charged. U3 for catalogue and further information. Ladies attending Conference will dS well to give her a : ... .. ,,;, ; T II REE YEARS. ' Send to i - lit careless. QUSE 7T . 13 KOW 1 well'4 infonrf $f(W to e die results in any given cafe ofita.u;iltsa mve?Ugatibn" and 6 . aboui i further experiment may. .develop a t .pOK-KIN- ' not.harm IN. Japan boysbecome mea at fiftcep and receive new'naines, Many of iheyouth' in America '"wear" their good nanies 'out before want In theyare fifteen, and are deplorable of now ones. S. ' -. - ' RHAVwLS, 11LANKRT8, 1 .'I-- V; ? ' 'seen as) WATERPllOOF, - : Journal oralui,,Panesylllff -- FiiANNELft. - -- t TWEBHS, JUANS,; no means consent to'itsJexhibition on rayown pera sbn, unless hwho Vdcsired. to administer, it wjisto man of rach experience and 5cTenfific;dUturt,as create in meia firm belUfbat; lie knw what he was about,, and if,hVdid not help me be would - 01" FAVORITE AXO rOPCLAIt HOUSE THE, I.. .. v. ' t. .vl i' " . 1. ! . , - ; , , ' . . - LADIES JACKETS, ' .r b'XOCKINQS, YARNS, SOCK8, GLOVES, WRISTtETA EOft TnE' EADIES, XIl NOTED ron THE JIEG tlATIOX ; iir Vnl Jt;i:r Men's Knittel 'LATPST STi'LESOP' ' rated Conc-en-t !: tOW1 PRICES ; IN FAJIIE'IT GBOCEIHES ..I s 11ESS GOODS, PROTISIONS. Etc 1 1 4 - 5 Lyef Urer lifting, Pottery Ware, CiothealluS,NeaUfootOiUlue, ; J2t AILVheut & CoEt9nce of Jamaica O ingtr a2e from native ore Morgan4! rioneyjtron Bracket Uoor Mats, Toy .Table and Spool tftanxte, .Sole t t Leather and other Trunks, Gents" FIb Shirts and "Woolen Overshirts, Fine.:. .. . . Table Salt Band Boxes and ( r ' - ; m Birle Cotton. -- F URN I TU RE -: - 8 PR! NQ BE DS, WIRE . MATTRE8SE3, Ferithors, . , , WOOLEN : BATTING, New Zealand Flax Seed. HOME-MAD1 : OT , - .li-g- r i " . FAKClT WOESXEQ TIES, rjnder&Lirts. Damask Bed Ppreads, Bag Ca rpttf- - elt and Jt raw Hats, Faucy A rtlcles, 8hoos, PatcheLs Cottoa larn, Brushes Brooms, butter. Chse, Eggs,- Flour, Canned Fruits, Tomato tfctsup,- - Cider Vine-fa- r. Candies, Table Sa't, Tiny Trunks, Tiny Bureaus, Fpooi Stands, Laundry UluHng, 6oap, inks, Shoe Black . ' :;i i tioand ';pracdw,;sufiicienUy what arq likIy rUBSISHED with 4 VABirrY E : y, TEMPLE O? FA8HIONi ; .1, TWO OR OF ONE C. TSAYAGE, Salt LA)je City, Utah, Invites her patrons, ibe Ladies of Sait Lake and tlcl-nltto call and Inspect her New Stock of Fall and Winter Goods,(.'baring; the Largest assortment in all ranches pi X " CUnery pf any 'house in town. Ladies favorinrner with a call, will find the latest Parisian Modes and most Modern Fashions of A merica in her Emporium , Do hot forget 17, East Temple street. call-- . NSa'ALMENTS r ; , Of the Very Best manufacture, and Warranted' ' for five y ears, on ' ' ! N Mrs. C. E,DYE, ;; ; v- . 'Send your orders to it; -- r ' on hand. -- ; &alt Isike City. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in Staple and Fancy -, .- , . SOO, to.-ft- a-' 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake Citt. the great , majority of the. humaa race hay pfsplit Human life oonsista of a succession of smalt events, each of which is comparaliveiylunmr3ortant, nd yet the happiness and success of every man depend upon the manner in which; these small events are dealt with, pharacterus built upon little- - things little things well and honorably transacted. The fauccess of a man in business depends on his attentionito lUtio things. The comfort of a diousehold is he result of small things yell arranged apd cluly provjeied fbrxOopjirgprjnnaent can only bo.arcomplished in the,same. way regujat edj; provisions for the. g of little things. Smiles. r AKD FORCE PUMPS F. AUERBACH & BRQ. Neglect of small things Things. Address, David James; J3ox ; -- ;. SMAiyL Steam Fitter; '. Pairtiwi Repaired on short notice. ttirbrdcrs from Iho country promptly responped of hatred or the keenest defy of vindictive satire Nay the shade, edge the gloom of thofaco familiar and dear, awakens grief and pain. These are the little Ihorns which, though men of a rougher form may make their way through them without feeling .much; lextremely incommode persons of a more refined turn in their joiirhey through life, and make'their traveling irksome and unpleasant. is the rock on which" & RoWsETS CELEBRATED LIFT x - PB An lunklncl meiv" Tinner, Gas, Water d 5 A BY; , , CVTall AKD CA Paper RBI A OES. Oitv 75, 77 &r 79 First South St., Salt Late 