.. .... . . ."j, ..,--.-,-,- . r , ' ' - T 7' - i - - - 4 mm u m 4 m n nw " ' ' " '' ' J -- . TtottvUh&eA J 'Thai I often used to wander ,L; i: " By the sllvery pale inoonligbt. v- : Not a Bound disturbed jrayldreamlni i V; the constant Tlrer's flowf ' jJJut 7ithiW8hlmVIngrippllniri " " TUe at)d clear and pure'as snow. levldnce, that the ' rVTha Fllnger'd by'thfi stream With a dear cbmpanioa near me; than, thef moonllght'i leam; : were fresh and.jtend'jr And our hearts were all aglew ; ' ' the tirfe with its flmmiirj 1 1 In" deep and silent .language Andwhen ; " GentJy fipjrtog tfajrotigh.tta dellt "s " 1 j i ii ui y fVJJ'"iiw'w wi im Y mriu . r i: 'Hi'- weett tHons. i ;.v:-- ' .'iv-25, 1877. ' i. Ii 71 iricenor Anna. - 4i. Penn. , 'Aug. 177 :f . loll i ' v 1 J 5 5 '' : ;.. ir.-.n- i ;. : .' to hav twrl thn Wmri icJb ponent, and am sorry not to have made an earlier acquaintance with it. I am this glad, ana this sorry, for more1 reasons than one, the one particular reason belngthat, I have received light upon a'subject In d to which, 1 was hot only In the dark," out in regard myself in common lam Clad I V se . 1 ' : 11 5 The discovery 5was!ma4b5i 'on Thursday AugJ 23 at li; V'in. by tho y aid of the great telescope, by. Prof. Hal 61 hwlVashirigton GoyeramentObsefvatbrjfr Uommodofe Itogers1 has notided the world of this new achievement of TV. science. f Ii? is said that Russia : has succeeded Itf ' inducing Servia and Greece tq slmultahe-ousl- y declard war against TurkeytaIso; that the Russians are ncentratlrig on the riyer " i al 'A ;on; KaotJlst; jEomer fand Hhat an1 attack ; bo to' imralnent Mdhomet thought ' ; 4: all--who- ' astro-gnomic- . ' re-pr- h i lord and rightful i owner. .In pleasing short, that wome.n: Ire ,fdriven lika;a flockj; 1 of sheep at the wilt of tho.S s I have given you frankly : an expose. i of o the opinion in the States of thefposition of t the women of Utah. May your able littler Exponent do the work of disproving what! ;I now truly believe to ,be., erroneous in tho i L highest degree, and If well circulated, am confident that it ha thq power to do so. Tho question of woman's political , status Is the first question this once decided, her other interests will regulate: themselves: and upon this question, should the women, both of this land and over the seas, meet in . . harmony and good faith. . v ; I hold that .we Suffragists in the JStates have hothlpgjp do with: the relfglous conW ditions, or the social tastes or condition of :j bur sisters in Utah, nor with those' of each other even,and It is to be regretted that there are those, who "do'mako itv their busi- ness to mix thlngsjap jn thisay.l"ill ; I will mail you samples of the tracts and envelopes of the Citizen's Suffrage Associa- ' n off--: tion an organization formed in shoot of the older association, and the bold." est,: most uncompromising, most democrat-- ', ic of one. tenet ; Is Suffrage thoT inherent right of the' citizen of a Republic '. Universal Suffrage,,: irrespective' of ;'sei color; caste, creed; condition','the basis of "a V - i true Democracy..'.' ,7 '1 I have j Ust read your article in " Woman's Words,'' IfVVhy not endeavor to show what you are dolhgin Deseret , through ono of ; our daily. or Sunday papers, I am sure tho,. J - to'-whic- . : 72-ra- . Mai fthe-plane- t : ; : hr Virginia Barniiurst 1 4 a'm&U vMniUmx : . A new dlscdveryjhas been mao! or' of two : ' heavenly bodies thought tori be1 satellites of ' ' riveriii, EditoH Exponent;; ft In receipt of your littlo paper, I can say that I am pleased ' with'itfurther I am. inbre than 'pleased; f lfiDcJyit a ' noble ' effoitlhlbehalf oPwomati radvptcement and it Well deserves f q l&ke 7j Us place slder ' by side,i with the yet few," but ' increasing,-earnest and effective exponents of the new Evangel of this - nineteen tli century; Iif th6name of mySIsfeH'lhthtaleenT1 ' gaged in this grand cause so dear to us all; I send greetings r and best wishes, for the success of your worthy enterprise; It is no small matter to keep a paper In existence after it Is born, and the effort to nurse it up" Into the strong, healthful; potent1 life de- sired for it, calls forth all the energyperse. " verance and fertility of brain. In: those whn have imposed upon themselves the noble I : any; 6tner. MnsV. NOTES "AND NEWS." ? ; . L.i , ; CORRPONbCE. PllIL ADELPril A , . ; un the past. , mm . an . i i '7.:;: ' a fillip. In. fact we nqver speak of it ji asworth do of the first as a government for, of jo f W;by .the people, and we only and silenUy ;once;in awhile think Qf; it ast a government . wherein man is :the tyrant and woman the submissively u tyrannized over-th- at each Iman has not merely hisown-vote- , bui jqst1 ;as oaaiiy votes as;he .owiy wives, and that : teach woman ;is ifher an priental ,dol! or a; domestic drudge, with. neither impulse nor - . ,.. , wn dom." :v;.; 0 ;ty .ri With the kindest wishes I remain your sister in; woman's cause, ; , hUt : hi - , : nopn-dayf hpo brightest, M' tTbere beneath the .tall tribes fbade f With my friends and JoyM cpm'piinlons,3 ' Cfames of childhood of t I'to playM Aud at evenhjg hushed and holy- - : i,m 0 'w:CIu I they are ignorant. iVhq7have beenroqr I teachers I cannot say., Tbiit I conifess that ( the women here, in counting r6ufrvictoflesa and in summing up the advance in ?rev ispeci to the franchise -- of Mr.i8QX9A while t j considering ,Wyoro ing as tho first tropbI I taken in the grand contest for the right,dp J not look women upon j suffrage inlUtah, as , -- our-though- With' th'.t)eaaUe of tto Jiour1 :! ji ',7 ' " would be very happy fto publish anything, ; you might write. ; ,:: kI', I shall look forward to. the appearancebf your new book "The Women- of Mormon-V- - public, where opinion is influenced; to com. i ment upon a subject in regard to which . Weji the lulling ephyrs sweep .T ; At my mother's knee I whisperd , Jfow I lay me down to sleep." Vi 'J Happy scenes of sunny childhood, '-f-ai. All too Yet around me ever hovers, - task. i.hwij 'pass-Jqdg- n ,7 Aug. hibiiiji conclusibnsin regard to their sisters i in TUtah, r,Upon' a sealed Jbbqk no one 'U "able to; fr : : Thrilled 4sach pulse with holjeeUngi ; And the cbarm was most complete. ' .iwiuji 1 I- - 'Some wiU legend 'seemed to" tell. 'And the miklc Its waters' ; " i- ' Like a iitar otf echo sweet : i 4 TTFalre ,. t iaveljuniped at very unjust t - on ; .. 1- i . A w jjiw. . - ;V liJ. m thinking cap,andl assre yoj,;Ihayecpme from under this utile piece of brain-gea- r t somewhat wiser than when I donnep! it. It Ms the truth, and I am going to make a clean breast of It, for there is na shame In being ''th'e.fac of I'misledpnly .'inVstaiiiif; 1 ; : And ' J ? ( il 'I , "" t Swreotes)aenjorie?tbrp6ar tnj mind, . Ml muse upon a scene, v ..... " "Where the joyous play of fancy, Lingers as o'er some forifi (Ireanl, would tell to jwi tb9 iter??' Llrtttioftlylor4twifle . : i Th a pleaslngr lovely pictttre i; ! Whicb.tbe saddest, hours beguile ; ; ; t It was'down amonthe graEses, t And l , ; . " with thef people generally In the States, have been, as .1 now, believe, deceived that is, as to:tho condition of the" women of f Utah, as woman and as citizen. Afier ha v- -; ing read the two articles in your July 15th number Tha Mective rjanchise in Utah," I and "Work XorT-- Women,fc on went - my DOWN BY THE RIVER.; -- - :: SALT. LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 1, 1877. For theExPoSEST. '" nu ' v.:.: " mmmmm!am VOL.lO. '- , - l ' . ( fortifying tho place and has 40,000 men to defend it. Dispatches of aWj 27.' say that' ;, from; the manner; in which the ! Russians ay ' reinforcements" to arepushIng';ormrd Pas? be must confident pf be- - 0 Schippa they ing able io resist any advance from tho riv. er Lomer.;;-s:;'v ";"!":vl:::: N On Saturday morning 25about iE i Mug? 3. 30,t during., a terrific rain and wind- -: storm the Union Pacific bridge at Omaha Neb. was so f seriously damaged that it la cyclone, which struck it at the JSastern ehd ;o and about 500 feet , of It wai precipitatedfr into the rivef.i The piers arp left jstandinglA iunlnjureoV Thb loss Is estimated at $350 OOOrains will probably havaitotranSfcx and freight by: way of;PlaltH.hn mouth, Nebraska, and Missouri; Yalleyi v Itr ; has been pioposed to put In a Howe Truss. vrover thebreak in the bridge.: If ;thi3-canbo donescccessfully trains win DO: running over , the brid ge inside of three ;moaths. The debris Is being rapidly cleared away; o v , 1 l t : rj'-passenger- ; . GRAlk Exports oF-- v- f r f iNiA-Ita- : ' J J' y startle sbmeof .our readers who have, been accustomed to think Pf India as aV laid o? forever-recurrin- g famine, Hp learn that the; India exDort of wheat to Encla'nd promises at no distant day to make that peninsula continent a formidable rival with oixr-ow- , ereat West in: the English markets. Yet such is jthe fact.L Since; Ir4.':Keiitibr6ok ) .1 took off tho foolish ; export duty on grain from India the grain' trade from India to England has risen from 144,441 cwt.ln 1871; to 3,279,887 cwt.' in 1870. Mcanwhilp the export from Russia' to England has ; been falling, and India last year : sent' to Eng. d as much grain as Russia and land ono sixth as1 much as the United 8tates. India now stands third In the list of countries which- - supply England with grain. to have on The bearingjwhlch this Is likely : England's final verdict as to her real interest in - the- Eastern question 'is: ohYioK3 j. : ni',2 :h c: enoughl j. . one-thir- - , - 