W 0 M A'N' S - EXP O N E S T . interest, the building uj of Ziori the establishment of tre'lTiDdbm of Grod and the rolling forth of his purposes upon the earth. Brother otli of therfl Jive, and Brigham sleep, yqt A hof m bo th the , a3 they opia ted i n time, will o$erafe in eternity in behalf of the whole of Israel and the consummation of pur Father's purposes. These are things in which the Gods are interested"; and all the priesthood, and apostles and . prophets and men of God that have ever " breathed, are " with us . y' 'Ms alsotrested; , Saints to And it is for us, as Latter-daymagnify pur calling and our priesthood, honoring jour God by : performing faithfully and well the duties devolving upon us, that as the changing scones; we are anticipating shall come upon all nations- - re voluiins revolutions, we may have a steady onward movement, gu id ed by the Lo rd ; that we may progress" and steady affairs among his people and provide a refuge for the distressed among; the assembling naAiiiLjvyhno-BrotherTJosephT7a- " tions; thattho lightintelligence and power , I do not wish to prolong the time; but felt like making a ftw remarks. To the family of President Young I say "God lTh ? hearts! h eavens, com for t , flow unto you, and your! May peace be in the of may you Jed life, and impaths itate the example of your departed husband, father and friend! And you Latter-da- y Saints foljow in his footsteps, in the paths of righteousness. Let us obey all of God's laws, and all will be well "with us. We are not alone! God is with u$, arid he will continue 'with, us from this time hence, forth and Jbreyer. And while .wo mburna great and good man dead, I see thousands of staunch and faithful ones around me and before me who are for Israel, for God and bis kingdom; men who aro desirous to see his will done on earth a3 angels do it in Jbl es3.ypu G od ot heaven. .That God may bles3 us all, and lead us in the path3 of life, is my prayer in the. name of Jesus, y Amon. "Deseret News." 1 WOMAN t01 OFFICE. : In the great cry against Woman's Bights, the greatest fear of somes men seems to be that women might obtain some ofiice that is now held by man. Have no fear on that score, brethren. Among all my female acquaintances I do not know of one woman who wishes to hold the office of sheriff; but raanylof jny male acquaintances have mado themselves unhappy because their friends did not sec fit te elect them sheriff or at least to nominate them for that office! I know of no woman who wishes to be State abut I know of representative, number of men who feel chagrined andlndignant'be-c- a use their friend s though Ubem tin fl t to bo legislators, and voted for the "other tuan." .Who, knows aiwomanrwho ,would be willing to go before a convention for any mero oflice of state or nation? And who !oes not-knowt- forewomen not arer there aro other teJhirik ibbut?No, iio,things it 4s the desire to hold office (although there hat many; offices tljat. women hold without losing the respect that might Is accorded to woman) fthat" ppgages ;eo many female winds; but the right to hold their own children, and to hol'd what they earn by Jhe sweat; ofJheir brow, and.the right to t&y whether a man, or a mere apology, should Bit. . In tho legislative halls' and make in silence, help them to, drink and their pipes. She must eat' alone, nd light after they are done andiJn a corner; her food is scanty and coarse, and she would, cot dare to touch even what is left by. her own sons. ..It may4 bethought that this. Idea docs not iweJUpffrepYithrthe. pies of filial piety; but Itinnust? notnbc4for-gotte- n that in China the woman, countsior nothing; the Jaw ignores t her existence ; i : . newly-marrie- deemed unfit to'vote. Such is tho law of our nation; we make no war upon that law. Wo only wish to suggest to man that he pause upon hi3 road of usefulness, and consider how much (or rather how little) he would have accomplished had it not been for the companionship and counsel of woman. Where is tho man noted for his wis-,- ; dom and goodness, but will tfty that "a good woman made' meT whatnitaml Woman guides the destinies of man; acknowledge her worth by recognizing her rights of citiMrs. E. C. Lewis. zenship. f Woman's Words. , much-talked.opr!n- Let us notices her merely to load her withf fetters, to complete her servitude, and to confirm her legal incapacity.Dublln University , Magazine. , r . EDGAR LALLAN POEi" ; have ciikAPEn It ailways. We have at this-tiabout GOJJOOiniles of broad ... gauge rail way in operation In" the ; United States. Cjk T 5 These railways have tost fronv$20,000 to $00,000 per mile. Estimating their average cost at $40,000 per mild, they represent -- M The olio wing poem, attributed Id Edgar Allan Eoe, and first published byi the Koko-m- o (Ind.) "Dispatch", was discovered Jhy Aq edi tor :of; that journal on the fly leaf of j me .v.$2,400,000,000. Had we originally adopted tho narrow gauge, at half the cost, of the broad, the expenditure would havn betri S1.2QQ.0nn,-00leaving, an equal amount for invest- cJ. , FACTS AND FIGURES. ' 1 ,ai pldbopk.TttracteUiby thednitiaIs?fE. Ai pjjf &, the bottom of tbes page?he In- quired the author namej. when tho owner of the :bopkt who seemed, throughr. lack . of education uuabltt to: appreciate the treasure, , . ; infbrmed,hlmithat-hiaigrandpare- nt h im i ho innir tanf nAimi... itl gave a small village called Chesterfield, near man Bichmond,Vtir One night-ayou- ng 1 : 0, ment, in i manufacturing and other enter- rapped at the door,,and .sked prises. Or, with the 2,400,000,00l4ave3ted in narrow gau ge, ;i Lwould have given us 240,-00- 0 j miles in active operation; It needs no j argument to demonstrate that, if we had double the number of miles, in operation that we now have, our' resources would bo developed much 'more rapidly than is now being done. Neither doei it need any.argument to prove that, had our railways cost us only $10,000 to $20,000 per mile, It would have cost less to operate them, and that our general interests would have been advanced, in 4;. a corresponding degree-E- x to-da-y. ' 5 ould (iie ihere H h rmprni ng.'ile waasho wn a room; and th4t jvasthe lastythey ?aw pf hlba; ;WheK!they ,)htVtbcair treakfast next mornjrig, they found liehaa gone away and lefithe book, on.'the Vtay 11 ! fly-Je- af of which ;wre written. the below, 'verba tfvdj' The poem is. wri Men in llonaatf characters, wlfhp interlineated word, and 'is almost' as legible a pilht, thougrr eonjewhat , fade'd "by the ! ,3 Oil! - - O.'U 1 - expressions of an old , Chinese Writer; Uhe d wife should be but a shadow i; echo in tho house,'V; Sho has no right ;land tako to. her :. mealgwilh.heri husband; nay, ,no$ even with her male children; her duty ; ;QQmp&nions)ii a t her . of Godjnay shine; in our midst, that Zion may arise and shine, and the glory, of God rest upon her. She hai nothing to think of but preparing food, making: wine, and not viciously. x t v TT7TT The slave has been Emancipated ; given the right - to vote, and 'made custodian (so 4 to speak) of bis wife, herearnlngar and her children. WhileJthe uneducated andsuper. stltious male negro is made of as' much im. as the- - presid en t; portanco a t th 0 ballot-bopf. ftho United Slates, woman rwith v tho , ng .70 the laws whereby' theyare governed; , In the days V)f slavery t was thfrslavyimothcr and not1 the slave iathdrthatKeldliKbbhiidL nd sue-ceedi- u- - ' ' WOIIEN IN CHINA. The condition of women Jn China ; ; f?f " thplanghlnjgUrtiaaafjamettJjer -- 'iaasrtiHdbf white; fc ic'1 bloomy' Ii iMi her TavflL j,MldilIf ht ao4hri!jeaof tomonr J iWowblittj and they brought aolcmn nlf ht. ..oifMr ffc I '...'I j r?i pu j:lf 1. Ud odl .?jlnaolemnp!ghtotpamtnerix of ;Vv floom (T) j u oUo myeart b Blossomed up to greet the comer . ,. , , ; is most .fa ' - : , ' v r" Lloarweiablobm."1 lo i ely AU WUy : "vif foreboding that dlatreised mfc I forgot as joy careModme - hnn (Lying Joy that caught and pressed m AH v 1m-mediat- dis-picablean- Pan-houl.pan- Of ; pitiable: Bufieringl privation, contempt, all kinds Of misery and degradation seize on her in her cradle, and accompany her pitilessly to tho tomb. Her very birth is commonly regarded as a humiliation and dls. evident sign of the grace to tho family,-a- n malediction of heaven. If ho' isfnbt -suffocatedy1 she-- is Hreated and lookedupon as arcreaturo . intrinsically; scarcely belonging'' to the human race. This appears so incontestable a celebrateij,? though fact,' that a woman, amongChinese. writers, endeavors in her works to humiliate her owntsex Infeby rcminding' thenTconHant rior rank they, occupy In.th6j preatipn. " Whcjri a son ii born,": she says,r,,f no 'sleeps on a bedhe Js cJothjed"wUh8llkiajcr plays wifh 5 pearls; e very' onp4 aUn(j(o r hls princelycries. But when a girl is born, she sleeps Jiponrthe; ground, istimeahly wrapped up in cloth, plays with a tyleand is Incapable of acting' either virtuously or ; And they took thai ib i -; f- !;, , - Vk UWU1.- d1 Ia th iuis6rodgae ! lA . aLiU : i ! . Yet I, lUtcning, heardher whlaptn Songs are oaly sung ;,....tMn,..l.f., ' 'Here below that they may grieve you - I.. L 1 . 1.1 I -- p fT- 7 So-mus- I ; t' tconalnie leave you j,,..- - ' '! ' ' 1 1 ' V:'1 rciAU Matchless and supremo: i. hr f " t i t J Earth with its esteem;. , Ji lo il Every heart but mine seemea drifted" : j n ,th. be; JoiP Pf Prayd?, and lifted .vm A ff, ? ff j r M i. While ber lore Is young( '';; Then God smiled and it was" morning, -- ; Whtre. m Leonatoie drifted-..- . . , v,a4T fJ,s L 1 I 