8 j him He ratifies His fprmer f covenant , with him and sald'thy namo shall nbmore bbcall-c- d Abram, but Abraham, for a father of many nations have I made thee," and in another place He says "I will make you exceeding, ly fruitful and will establish my povenant between me and theo andthy, seed aftor thee in their generations, for an everlasting of the. past; but like ..our trees which arc Tor tbo Exposes.' broken;down and the ground left barren to.: -- 'THE SUMMER HOURS. and fragrant Is the breath of J nne, ?B.iJmy And summer days; And nature's rhythm In harmony atliine he bright, . Ami' :J(oycpme J. ., rPladdcns oufyrays. i'.r'.-'i- '. all appearance, through the cold bleak winter, but when th e sprin g co m es and the sun gives his .warmth and light tqfthe earth and all nature. seems. if) smile, roots put forth again andi;before wo are aware of it there is the, exact siraUitude of Ubld.tree polygam icor- - patriarchate tree; the. sun has arisen in his majesty and power and poured down his effulgeuco of warm light; summer has come, that Is, the its prolight of truth ha? again shed-fort- h pitious rays and; the fruits of its effects are seen, the branches are spreading abroad and are very prolific, bearing much fruit; and wise presidents, judges and .divines, i t is your duty before you proceed further in this ' matter; to analyze ,and know without a dqubt that the tree is- - bad, and ns I have becri taken from amongthe wild f branch cs te y:, : arm pnbjno ?hcers us with Its beams ' gtish$nwltli tle dancing strjaros,J u5tio-with-thi- 5t! ns trood. V h, GlvJafc sweet promise of the btids and flowers, . v ;i . m And vord ant wood , ; And all the golden wealth of pleasant hours. .. . jii u.r-u. it1 . Fair as the, rosy blush bt early dawn , Doth summer come; . . ' Clovor and daisies scent the dewy lawn, " '.'; ii'iT' And Insects ihum, i Mingles With songs of birds In tuneful voico : 7 And In the chorus all our hearts rejoice, ! r'-- -- '' - . ' . : And welcome now these slgnsnhat summertrtngs" lrophetIcalj - Upon her brdw, "c to iWhlch speak us of happier things. ' O, sorrowing soul look up! Be glad once more! For hop shall rise ; ; ,, Triumphant, ' now the winter storms are o'er, ' : . , And to our eyes y ,; . ' Earth seem like Eden, where crelongshall reign Tbo. pacc, which crowns the night f gloom and paiu. " ' ; ? ; : " 0. child of lear! ; Seest thou hot bow, from out the withered sod, ' The grass appear ; E'en this, ''betokens Jho dear;love of God." - i . .. .:- - ; ; ' Our souls to greet. . ; Great nature's splendor bursting on our sight Brings mem'rics sweet, : ' . And summer breezes wafted from the sklesj of Breathe whisp'ring of the realmg Paradise; ,t And seem to kiss, j'.. Our wearied heads with soothing tenderncs?, Foretaste of bliss, , : When' love supreme shall crown our happiness. ? .' ; : , '': " '.'' : -- ." Editor ExroNENT: When I read your excellent paper and realize tho great work you; are striving to accomplish, in removing prejudice and correcting thb riiany evil reports which gai n such wide circulation throughout the world "i nregard J to ther 'Worn en of?Utahfmyhe?rrt Is lifted with gratitude to tho bupreme F have ;to live to behold this blessed day, when a few of tho noble, brave women of our church haVn had tho trourage to lead out in the great work: to ; liu-lervtb- Been-permitt- -- whichryotii have devoted yourselves, that of showing to tho world our true position, both socially and religiously proving to Holy Bible, which .iiU the Christian world them that wb are far; from being . the poor, profess to belieyo in, and as we turn its phignorant, oppressed women they have repages we find it contains a few items in reresented us to be. Wo believe we can repgard to this patriarchal irec, and , learn resent ourselves much better, than pur whether God ever accepted the fruit of it. wpuld-bo- ; In Gen. iv Chap.,'25 verse,' we find the first sympathizers, (but really xpvert account of a man having a plurality of enemies) ppuid or would represent .us be rm in our cbnyictions for right and wive3, arid he8aidf unto, his iviyes Adah defend faithfully the principles of our holy and Zillahj hear ye. my voice," ye wives of jeligibri,, as revealed by bqr martyred Lamech, for I have slain a man to my Prophet,and by his rightful successor Presiwounding and a young man to my hurt.'! dent Brigham Young., AVe can show to the The spirit of his speech does not infer that world that Jive arb reo to ; belie vo what we he considers himself guilty of any crime leasowithbut anyycoercibn'Whatevevarid except that of killing the young man. We aro capablo of jridging matters inteiligerit. will look at Gen. xy chap. X verse, hero ly and what we do receive is with a firm wo find a man whom God has spoken to Ve knb w conviction of i tar DivinO Orlginv saying, ff?ear not Abram I am thy shield ' that the principles of Plural Marriage and and exceeding great reward," and in the of the "United Order are from heaven,and if 18 verse It read3 the Lord made a covecarried out in the manner the Lord intendnant with Abram saying, "unto thy seed ed they should be, ' when revealed, would have I given the land,'? and as ho is thus favored of tho Lord, we will trace his perfect this people as they must bo perfect-- . ed if they desiro to enjoy a Celestial Inherhistory and. see what transpired with him Plural rMarriage itance. I have lived-i- n in his day. Gen. 1G chap., . 3 verso1 "and more than twenty years, and although my Sarai, Abram's wife took Hagar her maid, and gave her to ' her husband to be his path has not always been strewn with roses, M and now what will but on tho contrary, has been a very thorny the Lord of the wife, one at time3 I have never doubted the divineyard do tojthiSimanwho hassq willing, two wivesi Vith vinity of its origin. .A ;perspn certainly ly become the husband gains sua. experience in this .order of marhim we must begin .the history of the po- -. riage that never could bo gained, in any r lygamjc tree; read from the 7th "to the 12th must other way.,,? They discipUnb .themr Verses'atid se6hpan.la'ngei of .the Lbrd in selves conversed' withlv plural w(ife, bui perhaps charity, and deyotlbn to the iste testa Of others, and without these one might say she was -- not so much to biamn as her mistress. s sho Vas huf a ser- - E L they never can attaln any degree of excel- lence ... J'r::i'.. ...!. ' "'i .".W vant, but tho man, is he not to be brought - Let lis each ono live so that wo will hot an account for such .a rash act, or can htr bring reproach upon this Divine principle. j ust Uy. h imsel f by say in g t ho woma n gave As for my daughters', I would much prefer .Jipr to me,'! Let; us search further; and theih to marry men with a dozen wives, if find what is said about them.. In the 15th and JCth verses is ; the account of Ishmael they wero staunch faithful men in this church,' than to "any of theso fast young being born. Ho w different, was "Abram from men who are already wedded to Romany the generality of men nowaday?, he not vicious habits, which they would be sure to only calls Haga'r his wife but acknowledges lead them into, fori think there would be a the child as v his son, thus shielding him much better chance for happiness in this from all reproach In the xvii chapt. there ; js,an account of tho Lorcr appearing again , ;. lifoaitd in -the life to come. ". 51. 8. I unto Abram and instead of chastening ... ,v :. ,!v; .friiit, thereof.' In. doing this we take sacred history, our t' ! ; ; ,' ".. To the honorable men 'of thq world, and especially those who claim to bQ the fathers of the people and guardians of. , and to divine et in judgment, tb deal out justice tolieir constituents, to illustratp clearly my subject, I ivill cali Uhis Opel, you so ?nuch desire to ybu destroy,jtree(if arid oue which attracts attention please) its bno which has made by rapid growth j itself a history, whicH you should become thoroughly Jacqlialnted with, for it betrays generalship riot to unaerstand the position tho enemy hold ; and a laborer in the vineyard must be a novice indeed who does not knowf that in' order jfo subdde a foul plantj or obnoxious tree) it must betaken up by the roots and not a of the root bo found in the r ground,vestige .or hit will after a season shoot up again, r rxr Your predecessors committed the same error you meditate, which will lead you as. tray; they began by disrobing. tho. tree of its tendcrleaves and, branches, despoilin: . the-law- fcc.-,- ! 1 : t - . , . . self-denia- l,. . ly, it of its beauty, but finding . the - tree, still stood and put forth, rievv tendrils diI all they could against it. The'.they branches were broken off and scattered and. the tree felled to tho earth as they to flourish no more.. This was onsupposed, .the. evo of the Dark Agev'The freo 'was forgotten and the spot wherb it'incb4stood Jost sight of, or if ever recalled alluded to a3 a thing -- , pr as-sured- at ed -- (CONTINUED,)' ' THE EXPONENT. uLet t A. FEW. REFLECTION. . THOUGHTS SUGGESTED BY READING i : v and grafted into the treb and grown, with its growth and strengthened .with its strength, and have searched, and reflected much concerning it, perhaps you will allow me to assist in your, researches:,. I believe the necessary knowledge can be. easily ob. tained, for it is .written, ,"Can abittertor corrupt tree bring forth good fruit?" Doubt, less you are aU beiibvers infl: Godr "and somb are ecclesiastics, and as such, without re servo acknowledge God as the Supremo Judge, and as Hq claims this .earth as- His vineyard, we must allow Him to accept or . condemn as seemeth TUIm good, and He plainly says jlhat Ho judges a Jree by the the contrary says that in this fruit1 shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, and Ho knows the tree and its fruit. r To bo contin i ' with roses blushing everywhere, Summer, ": ' And lilies sweet; And all its wealth of flower arid foliage fair, , ..Makes more compleie--, .. The yearnings for immortal fruits and flowers Which erst we tasted in lost Eden's bow'rs And "brings to mind J ' The tree of knowledgetinjthat happy shore V We left behind, . Which we must reach to hunger.never.more. Emixe. S. L. City, May 29, 1877. 'w" on - -- :- ovenanttohe a Gpd4into4hebandthysacoL after thee." It appears to me, by this, that all who beliave the Old Testament must understand that God loved the old polygamic tree,5 for ho does not condemn this man, but sr ".; - . . n . -- , . . -- . ; - - : - . 1 ? 