Vol . ODE TO ZION. tachments, little dreaming, sometimes oven all unconscious of tho snares that are set for unwary feet, or the many slippery paths and thorny places through which the journey of Hie winds. What a vast deal of nice discrimination and wise judgment a mother needs to give the proper training and development to her children ta point out the path of virtue, and help them to shun error, and discipline them in duty that will result in happiness. To the untaught and unguarded the terrific shock may come unexpectedly, like a thunderbolt, shaking the tender, trusting soul to the very centre. How many of those we knew when young, that petted, fondled and flattered, have passed along their way as it were gemmed with the beautiful only, a luxurious home, indulgent parents, walled about on every hand with warm love, shielding them from rough contact with the outside world, where they might come in contact with poverty, or sorrow, or care. Woman's innocent" trust, man's wicked, and ofttimes cruel betrayal, havo been tho under-recor- d of society in tho past; is it not time that after long years of bitter experience, some of us should learn that thero is a better part for women than to bo man's dupe, or slave, or drudge? Will mothers " ever learn that the trainingof daughters as well as sons should be such as to develop - powers that will strengthericharacter, attributes that will prepare them to put into practical execution the finest talents they may possess, so that they may learn how to live without leaning wholly on, or trusting blindly to another? It seems to me to be wholly and radically wrong when girls, even women, marry for a livelihood, marry because they are not practical enough to earn their own bread, Instead of choosing their partner to add to the sum of human happiness, and the higher development of womanhood. There have been in the far past some women of intellect and culture, who sought to Inspire in the hearts and minds of their contemjwraries, a disposition to iwok out the problem of woman's independence and oft-tim- AfiUcted Zion rise and shine! For ttty deliverance now draws near; 11 The time tas come the chosen time- --- - - Thai thou must g lorlouily appear. The lord has brought thee by Ilia hand, 'And sheltered thee beneath the rock: While all His judgments heavy fall Oa those who at Ills Gospel mock. Thy bleatinir flocks in pastures fereen, In flowery meadows make their bed ; While bounteous sheaves of golden grain For very fulnes4 droop their head. And as tbeiills around thee stand, Thy towering Temples soon shall rise, And Incense burnf and chorus ring Continual praises to the skies, The Lord in thy assemblies waits; Shonts of a king amongst them aro; In power and greatness He shall sit And judge the nations from afar. JBult No. 12. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 187? 0. , Lift up your heads, ye gathering Saints. And sing your great Redeemer's praise ; That you upon Mount Zion stand, v Amongst the Saints of Latter-day- s. -- Lake City. Elia Lies. - AFTER LONG YE AIIS. LETTER II, I'm looking down the Tista of long years. Watching the shadows as they flit and play O'er paths I've trod 'mid hopes and doubts and fears; . Tet have I gathered trasures by the way. What tender : associations of friendship we can recall when we revert to the past If we have been constant and true to the ties we have formed, there is much of satisfaction In it. And if we have bravely withstood some severe storms and tempests, leaving ourselves and the event in the hands of Him Who rules on high.-wcan uuk jjuauuu icjuiuo vuai no ims carried us safely through. It may be that we have others learned to protect themselves under similar -- circumstances. If soj the satisfac- e experience that has developed some of our noblest; qualities, but wilUbe of value to those; who are willing to bo guided through uiuivut ' kuu iiuut ujr ' jjavu3 xu eariy years wnen xne intelligence or youth is just opening upon' all the beauties of nature and oi life,1 no thought of1 sorrow or care has yet impressed 'itself upon 7 the mind: 'dreamy, vague,indi3tinct imagining of a world nil higherelevation -- is negotiating for. the house the - Rue -- Petits In Peres, -l-ilarseilles, in which her deceased husband was born, and will make it a free museum. Among the contents will be many objects of Art possessed by M. Thiers. Ex. : " As A sign of tho times, the .Woman's Journal published the following: In New York Oct. 29, Mrs. Elizabeth Thompson, . ; : the distinguished philanthropist and millionaire, was elected president off tho New York Liberal Club, formerly presided over by Horace Greeley. 7 the WollKMEN AT jERUSAJiEM.Among rusalem, there are, according to the "Gates of Zion '182 tailors (masters and journeycarmen), 98 shoemakers, 86 ' joiners and ' penters, 35 turners, 1 5 smiths, 7 metal workers, 2 potters, 42 tinmen, 12 gold and silver smiths, 13 watchmakers, 5 engravers . 3 4 stone-worker- s, 10 book umbrella-maker- s, 1 workers on 1 saddler, 3 upholsterers, 3 s. 1 broommaker. 52 nbrters. 6 hak ers, 15 bakers' assistants, 25 printors, 1C millers, 1 0 scribes, butchers 649 work 7 men in all."l8rael's Watchman binders, weaver, 5 sewing-machine- s, wire-worker- of Kirkhan preached at the Church, rebuked the disposition among people to joke on the subject of the Colorado beetle. It appears the worthy and learned Bishop believes in prophecy, and quoted on that occasion the saying of the prophet that God's four tokens of Himself were the sword, the famine, the pestilence, and the noisome beast, and remarked that at the nresent timo these nalnmttiAs arlsfvl. add. ing that God was coming out of His place, and was visiting the nations of the earth re-openi- . Tiie Citizens Suffrage 'Association, at -- 1 Philadelphia, have presented to1 Mrs. Kuth-erfbr- d Hayes an I AddjhBss,!settingiibrth tho reasons why there is need of' the ballot fori woman. --We cannot 'uow publish this address in full,' as we did not receive it in time. We Will givd it space in our next issue, as we uesire to iena ouraia in Denair 01 woman's ounrage. xne "jrniiaaeipnia ' Inquirer" of Oct. 24, comments thus: some noble souls who long-sufferi- TniEts Mme. could not see with the eyes of society perchance through the bitter sorrow and oFsome :one of their progenitors, this enlightenment had come down to them, working itself out as tho problems of life sometimes will. "Causes will produce ef- - brightness, all; beauty,i'aU gladness: and me distance yet to be developed, giowing are'eharmlng Bconeiloolleepiy and wildly" grand, which i fill the ideal soul with all their- - graceful and beautiful If this illusion, could 'lasty If ourImagery 'here lives were only, a pathway of flowers, then per-hait would be wellfor us to allow our children, and; those who are under our guidance, to go on blindly. How many fond, foolish, doting mothers there are in the world, who allow their uaughters to : pass from childhood, and even, .without any,, pracUcal paving, knowledge ; of what Innocent,: f confiding, un. iCn?1 Phl8tlrted trusting 'implicitly, perhaps h?7'Jn purity and Eoodness of those offer them friendship and warmer at. NOTES AND NEWS. es 1 ng1 : : Washington Oct 23i -- Mr. 'Robert Pur- vis, at the request of the Citizens1 Suffrage fects." It is the inevitable law of nature. And I believe mind will act upon mind in a Association of Philadelphia, waited upon tain-andK)siUvomannerpthough-wo mortals understand it ' not; 'When the Lord said "the sins of the fathers shall be visited upon the children unto the third and fourth generation," &c, we havo every reason to believe this worked itself out' through cortaln principles known and understood by the Deity laws which to the order of our being. 'pertain ' : poor, J -- ps sented to her the address adopted by that short-sighte- d 1 I-re- ;': Aunt ' Em. .' The field of literature Is conquered for are: no longer bare or ob-- women. Jhero 8tructlons of any sort in the way A wo-man who has anything, to say is privileged to say it; , and if. it Is worth hearing the . world will lend an attentive earr , , ; " -- V . f ad Sho-receiv- ed 1 -- : i i , body. . Mr, Purvis writes: "I have just returned from a very satisfactory and delightful interview with Mrs. Hayes. to her tho elo memost cordially quent, address from the Woman's Suffrage Association. She listened' with marked attention, was grateful for the high favor conferred. UDon her. and sent n her best t wishes for the success of tho cause. . Imado reference to i tho act that the' address bore the honored name of Lucre tial Moth which sho received; with :i areadviacknowledcrmont of her great worth i and : usefulness, ' i- 2 pre-em- uuujr uiobiu uiouua .uo philanthiopist.'r i v 1 - ':-':- ' : u ttuu ' 