TT Rz S. have wheat stored, Wo and we know-thekeep. separate) books for the wheatrand at our first meeting wo advised all the Sdcie- y .cir iy:iu; f.; .rr'r, V ii Itocn&'RlBAtf Uii.U, . : " rr.v; :i: ? PlfeT &NNtfAIil MEET .... :Mis7r f)jjit i. ;rn:r ; M . " ;, 5 ' tiave reseiv'el Bpecify cond that :1 the wheat reported is in good ' in bins stored ; whether tion,t and how Societiesv'orhiBtKerIniGS "c iwn ed" by:th e"ihe lent them by Bishops, or other brethren. We. have had the .wheat stored Ty cxamliied,' to repor tipg yoii that'i t Is In good condition a'riji llfthere.ritsbuld be fully the4 .wheM we are now using ou r 'to energies collect and store away, is stored ;3 Our reports i 6 J aU i iLi '.i Jul ti. f aii t - nQw,fsaia:va am pieasea, to lL5SJ5.iii. We here send you a few items with regard to our welfarel and our integrity in all Ui&principles of the great angoriousLat-tor-da- y work in wHTch we are engaged.' We realize that the women of Utah have an important missson to'perforra. Our various home duties keep us fully employed, the with sisters here do their own house-wor- k also the the aid of their daughters family a great thereby' outlay for saving sewing, do we not onr husbands; but still neglect a as our meetings, which general thing are well attended, and all feel anxious to per. form the labor assigned them. We are so far from head quarters that we have not had the privilege of many visits, from our leading sisters, therefore can .scarcely keep pace fhat-w- o . , . - r tho'Cen-tXornmitt- , ee landl-feel;feafeii- wetave, succeeded as Wetl f& Wa nay er still Jt looks veryttlefcdmpafd4 ttf whaUs before" us." ThC rimer'tfcm In vain; we can depend On mt'wtitdfkntt ZAjrfJijbl wkndwlhaf1 W 'a-fam- mtf under-gtijooll'tha- V fcbrrfingri iJ We toe'1riWvonsId6tatidflhat! sUdttlcf stood formerly mhdln'iriEypt forthe tlrad wlidn sthd thewiwi&iU 'H;fbynoHtiin we: are thaWs,-preparin- people of SnoW fle tbeir erna'sivei powers thO' OUngmetfiWiir help In ierecting I store 'hb'tfsft''ll!belIeVethatihei-BUteirall feel united to do our best to carry outithe instructions wo 'have received. .There, is a little more time,' and I;. would like: to hear from ebme of the sistersii: ; ' to jeafe next baxqiatilfiatipajOPQ.liusljeJanf store thafHaf be'enJ hduses'uMfbe-'sistergwirr- ' g i'ncf fctoifoTC iVaTvery mrfarTt" teWald'lMti itM irom sisters passing io ituu toui pi. ueurgej their instructions will be a great benefit to us in conducting our business affairs in the ' :: : futurO. ,; rr: a The young ladies .were organized "year ,ago,they man ifest a, good spirit and are anx. . lousto progress; they are a set of good girls, and only need some one to lead out in dif. - is very importBishop Hunter said: ant and highly .commendable to gather and store wheat Iiwish .to say that the donations for, the Temple, from the Relief Socio ty, have been very , liberal indeed; they have amounted to thousands of dollars, he donatipnTsonV in for the St. George Temple by the sisters were truly astonishing; eyenr this week; therb has come into the rithinr Office dollars and dollars, as ,(dpniqrls to oiir Temple here. ""Por'ypiir informatibnf I will try an get my clOrk, Brother 'dodilarbj to write but ' a s tat of what has been given in a short time. I 'know that the people- - will take pleasure in giving in their tithing and their offerings, and the Lord will bless them for that many would have suffered it Iforknow efficient aid rendered them by the only the Belief Societies;1 "Many things are in your power to do, and in doing them you will be blessed, and you are blessed." Mrsri Jane S. Richards, from Ogdon, said: to receiveinstruction, "I came here y but I can say that Weber ' County is trying to help in this good work; we have, as our report to the President. tells,' over 500 bushels stored, and we hope to do better next year. I would have been glad to have heard 'someUnstructioris or Suggestions given in ..ifera.lte''tkkWti''6f-o'wheat, as we 'are young Iri the! bu3lne3S weneed some ' - . o .;:.-- . h-- t"t Hortftf satd tools n f the grafa movement agver Important one; Wdttavtf done pretty rwell, considering' the amountof d Iscouragemcn t we had t& con. tend"wilhJ nl oftefr think that s0met)ftthe brethren-- need, converting ;in this causo, for hcyi' ridicule? thDideai& jwomen ibeing called on to 'store' and Jtakofcaejof, wheat. I in. Ih future we tWillc accomplish feel Ihfr: .object wej Jjav m out to perform I f eelitha Lord will, JA&p gurretfprts. ;; -- iitfWeusfrouja est, (way .(o jasxjenh undand Jceep.pujr, .graiAgooji .every, et,-llfiwen ajipdibyqtoreroasej b.uilt in JMft-3- -- : iht -- . ferent braj&che3;:,of .homo industry,, anlm direct their energies that t.liey may become useful members of the community. hejWoans4 one befortiie' jnai 4 the, r kt n.fcj9Wfwltlit oijr epren; we tKnow that the lnah Lord,; ' If ' and . we COluri$ei,,v" ,i: ve4ucaJean,d''i. SiirseIvfes''to, be wfdeKUIieriuuiucu o nut vtuvafco luu mkTth:6infext atnsJ,I yeat w ?tHis7that - Mrs.'E; vr A'. i'-- ,:,,-4- -- but tip the'erari 9 they-wifeel honored aries, and I In being solicited to assist in such Important business. It has been reported that the am-aur- e : good cause. When Apo3tlcs Woodrutf and Snow returned from Sanpete they met 'With-u- s in theRelief Society Hallj we had the - a most excellent discourse from Elder . . thaQospel.WOuld eei;th"e-judgments- ; anJ I -- "bur Presiding 'BIsHop' ihd from; 'President though j we haUjiot 5 " It look as Taylor.-done Very c much;:! but considering: every-tnln- i' ihfnk,we have done j very welLn hope ,we Will bet'abietoreportSO.OOO bashel3 stored', a'tQui' next Annual meeting4 SThero are some wards in this city, and several settlements, that have not sent in any report, -- I i . ?itmon bf their i have felt the ?ce 'nraydrsand beeri' h'caled havo' prayed for1 me in Tr1?1!' thdrrtneetihgs:"- SistdrAVhltney thensang 3isters;-- 1 lsiers? ' - asorigof Zion Meetingadjo'urned 18, 1878.;- until pt.4 Tho; congregation 'rose and sang Praiso God," c. Benediction by '" ' President John Taylor, , - ; i- Winn oilk- - and with great culture, earnestness on the subjec t of training child-- 1 ren and preparing them to bo able with the assistance of the" spirit of God, ' to bear on this kingdom triumphantly." Elder Lorenzo Snow bore testimony fo the truth of .what Elder Woodruff had said, raadea few remarks on r home manufacture, home-manufactur- an Imiwrtant occasion, -1 am thankful for the good .instruction we have received from r- r r.'. '4Un 1 f It was full of interest, instruc-tion, comfort and consolation to th sisters. He touchi3d ou many subjects, dwelt at some . Woodruff. to-da- h&sy gpln pi only see that It is In good condition?' , , ' ' Mrs. E. B. Wells said: "t feel thaf Ibis i3 ' .: - haj enoJ.ja hypo my listers "will tca$WilJAttW M Wucn tstory; noono 1K to, iL to right tpuch.a sent any word in reference to storing grain, because we had so little at the time the Call was made to report; since that time we have gathered considerable--; more; we have no place of our own. at present to put our wheat, but expeptr to have, in a short time; until then, one of our good, brethren kindly giye3 us room in his granary. There was some Wheat gleaned here after harvest but not as much as in many other places; still the faithful fevf are trying' to do all th ey can to lay up grain ana attena to every Known ' duty. We think there is a very visible spirit Of i inpro ve men t i n: bur set t lenient pal f: whohave a desire to see Zion prosper seem to be willing to do all thoy can to help along ; f are The.lteachingsr wejiave heard y true. tThey are blessings given by the Holy :;BpIritind they must not 'Co7b'o;:pssed'over carelessly. t, I have held on to.'the. promises Jo-- r ; giyeniui in.eariy, days in this church. said jthiat the cities that would rejec t seph also li " : t would bo .the vgreateat help- in doingi good that oVer was j known on ,thq earth,', and would be. the meatis of doings great work. : . . listers j It have been away ; ; 3rd; 1877. I send you a few items in ' regard to the welfar'o of the sisters here. We have not .? .- iSYEPlir,: Dec. Editor. ExroxENTj resting forborne; time past and am .thankful to b able to come' among you again. Joseph Smith said that the Relief Society, if they followed the connsel of the Priesthood, -- "' V- - Whitney said: "1 0am glad to be wlth'youV my )BrmlicTnrge tnanlt is ivo bEve amount f wheat on hand, may alargcf "nV "wefrinrckryrdl! Itorbd?' VethiWHirmlBlpthoni-t- Lut, ent . el 9 May you, dear sister,bo blessed and pros, pored in your undertaking Of spreading light and truth, is the prayer of the women of Cedar. Cor, See'y. Mary A. to-da- suciv JSRbe Jurne'd' b.grai p in ood should over and CQnaMPAian(Ut soft e-m- ; ,:' - ; fleeliod'br aetioni" but the past with the Northern : ; Co., Nov. 7th. Cedar City, Ibon - -- , ."... i ;,,, C;I REPORTS. showed e, the necessity of'tour becoming self-sustainin- g; and not dependant on JJabylon for anything. The teachings .wp received from them ;were a most: excellent r.treat, which I think wili hing. be .remembered and I hope prove a great blessing to us man v seem more determined to live the1 - . 