';" i:'.;.V THOUGHTS " AND - For the Exposes. HEMOBIES OF A .; Mem'rj is busy in ber Baunted bow'rV ; ' Clad with bright thoughts the senses to beguile; " ;"" .. , 1 7 : -- i - Van1 Lew is tha plucky Republican1; - on tho labors of the husbandman, tho parched and sterile soil has become produc. tive and yields an abundance of the rich- est products. The products of Utah are abundantly la den with material for the finest and richest fabrics; the most skillful artisans are here; antl :only unitod offofc e wanting, ta finoiim permanent success; and, ero long, tho faithtuljin Zion will bo clothed in garments more beautiful than those of earthly princes, and tho beauty thereof will be the work - 7 of their own hands." Let us all, bid and young parents and children', take hold with our might, for tho :( time has come when thoso who profess to be saint, must bo saints in very deed. There is a furnaco in Zion the fire thereof has already commenced to burn, and the heat will increase until iniquity shall bo cleansed from our midst. Then will the treasures of the earth, the treasures of tho deep, and tho treasures of the heavens above, be poured out in great j abundance. ' v , Then will the beauty of Zion shine forth clear as .the sun at noonday: She will ariso terrible in might the glory of God will fill her courts, and celestial beings will minister in her holy places.r---tHory, honor, praise and adoration bo unto our God. ; i . , ' ' . ; . ; T :" J)r. ciiuem atn;- the celebrated er ofTroian and Oreek- mines, is axnecled visit America. j;;.;L';:, ; - ' - 1 - , i T the bone and the sinow. J.! Through the blessings of the Most High ' ss is'iterik'Lor ; v post-'mistre- lately!fdi.s-pliice'- d 'by President Haye&Bxii:, ingthe Temples of our God, oven the brain ' Va: ot; Richmond, strengthening the stakes of Zion, and build . And is there in our hearts no sad regret, No mem'ries of the last year's falling leaves? Shall we the sweetness of the past forget? Or glean, and garner it In memory's sheaves, Where fancy's magtc wand can recreate, "And live again the happy seasons o'er, Food for the mind, 'gainst bitter, adverse fate, Harvest of thoughts to gladden evermore. req'p ,pied4vithi-themore- .,. to-da- y. ' Miss Betli6 Van Lew occasibneid a slight flutter in the office of tho City Collector, the Richmond, day before yesterday, says (Va.) "Enquirer." Her appearance there was perhaps explained by tho following indorsement oh a paper whlch ii3her passed over tn the Collector; inclosing $200, tho - amount of her tax bill: "Richmond,' Juno 29. Taxes paid under prof est, having ' bitterly realized tho need of the ballot, and being, as a woman, denied rthat right! This Miss Bottio , Elizabeth L. Van Low." " V : . 'l songsy and oher musical varieties for exhibitions and public exercises. ' Burled and dead, but living still in thought; Nature was then as prescient as An her conceptions were as grandly w rought. Earth rob'd herself as queenly then, 84 now, And summer mantled hill, and field, and plain. And garlanded with floVrs her blushing brow, And wreath'd her sceptre with the golden grain. Tes, other summers have in glory woke, ' She sighs her requiem to the passing breeze; All nature Joins her in the mournf ul strainr A thousand echoes whisper In the trees, .,; , Repeating 6er and o'er the sad refrain. foun-datio- spread irom nation to nation, and is now of the ; high ones of arousing the attention : " the earth. ; It is gathering the . honest in heart from every clime the spirit of God is in their hearts, and the strong cords of faith and i. obedience draw them together. They come, not laden with tho gold of Ophir they como not decked with tho glittering ornaments and splendid attiro of worldly grandeur; but, through: the tender mercies of Him who "tempers the storm to the shorn lamb," although destitute :' of Mammon's treasures, they come richlyup- - 0 memory of tho years now past away, ., prin- 'marvelous work and a wonder:'' It has So softlf falls the touch of passing hourf That dreamy fancies linger near the while. I hear soft voices mnnnur'ng low and sweet; I feel the touch of gentle hands again; And in the Bhadow of some lone retreat I e'en forgot I ever sufTerd pain. Teats fail and mingle with tbo pearly dew, And nowrs spring up afresh where all was drear; And something whispers of a life more true, Where perfect love will reign, devoid of fear. And sunshine flooded nature Avlth its kiss; But time's relentless hand the spell has broke, Though earth were In an ecstacy of bliss. In the weird rustle of the falling leaves, t :: There is a sadness touching to the heart, For summer her departing glory grieves, , Yet nobly doth she with ber treasure part. ; n ciples of righteousness, and laid: the of a government of peace. ; Though small in the beginning, and a theme of derision among the scribes and Pharisees of modern times, it is truly "a There seems a rapture In the summer breeze, Borne from some region ever bright and fair; How lovingly it plays amid the trees. Breathing enchantment in the azure air." . .Throng Jbseify Ho revealed1 the An ' 'expeditions consisting: of; Lieut. " Wodd, XJ. aArmahd'Pro Taylor of tho University of Chicago, with some assistto ascertain the ants, has gone to Alaska, f ' height of Mt. Ellas. A. statue of King 'Alfred tho Gfeat was unveiled . at..Wantaffd. Eneland on day, July 31st, by the Prince of Wales.' : It v is; sculptured lit, marbleand was executed by? Cou n t' Glelch en, th e queen's cousin at a cost 'of about $10,000. :: Wantage Ss the place -- 'where Kin Alfred Wasborb; 1 It seems to be conceded,- that among the - Rn. - tuvwuviui .ybiuiwiuyut uivvlf livljr lift come future Premiers ( of the British gov- -' sMr ChamberlainiiWho,1 having accumulated, a fortune in j. manufactures; is now, devoting his fine abilities ta public 'affairs Just now .thQ;most rising member of . ; the ' House of Commons is .Mr iLconard Courtney, qne of the ablest, and most scholarly of , the leaderrwritersLon the rLondon "Times," 1 Both Mr.( Chamberlain and Mr. 11 Jlil.. mtVuurMiey, liavo.uiauoguiaaeu.inemseives Dy their advocacy of tho Woman Suffrage iBill, which seems to bo rapidly gaining strength in England.--Ex.- 7 r ii : i : :uj) The laboratories iorwomen at thotfnsti- ; tiito of Technology aro! well worth the at-- f tentIon of those who, aro interested h. tho higher education of wnmen: ' Thpv Wnrn eautuiiautju uuuufc six monina ago, at mo request and with tho. assistance ,of the WOMAN'S RECORD. and are deafford TTnl1: facilities for the advanced MTR.qflnA n MtrlrlloanV VnnlanA signed "to 1 Chemicalof study Analysis, Mineralogy, . has allowed her goods to bo distrained for and as to VecetablQ and related Chemistry.' taxes, as a practical protest agains- tuuuirs tho nrrilnsfnn hf xiijroxuiujr uuu lu uio XliUUbLTiai .ujium Arts." Any subject may bo studied: sepa.: the Parliamentary franchise,; Twelve sil- - finfflrcf ttrnviri' etw'A ratnlv: th :!wl'Pr r rI 7' UUuuk UM ilk itU- Uworkingr by herself under the ilmmediato John M. ii:andvpractical Instructibn of Prof.' 'i Mrs. M. B. C. Slade.is f o bo the pditor of Ordway t or of Mrs.1 Ulchards,' Tho - mlcro-scopa new monthly magazine, entitled "Good w'6rk,' and physiological chemistry, Times which will be issued August 1st, seem especially adapted : to 'women, and devoted to- - entertaining: amusiner and in- ouer nonoraDie ' employment to thoso wno i' structivo dialogues, recitations, declama- romkDflMent-Wor- aro 'skiUod;-i-B63toernment, Is ; , . s ; .Emile. Salt Lake City, August 11,1877. PSALM: FOR THE TW&NTY.FOURTH OF JULY, 1877. written Fon BY E. taster; Anderson, Ill ' . 1 , " SNOW. , In all on assemblies ' we will chant tho praises of the LordGod'of Hosts. ry-.- His spirit ia :thesonlioL.our 'entertain-ment- s tho interest of His kingdom the ; - -. Incentive of all our efforts. God, who inhabits eternity who' dwells in the fulness of lightwho speaWand all the intelligences In the courts on high eive ... 0, , audience: He is the God Isaac, Jacob of all true Latter-da- y Joseph, Brigham,ind :. - u ,: Saints.'; y:;Blessed are thoso that trust In Him--wh- o pboy the voice of His v8ervants who' re Joice in the purity of His ordinances, and the Justice and equity, of His statutes He sent the angel Moroni to announce to Joseph tho introduction of the Dispensation of the fulness of times: He sen James and John to commit to htm thePeter, keys or the Kingdom of heaven. v li - ' - i . . , . -- -.- ; " ; "u-ww-..oj- (;u i.VJs t lc : -- n: "'nous, ana selections; tableaux; motlon- - pester Spy.'? 