'v CONTINUED. '.:v; S. the hills. Four miles from Glendale, in a cunning nook among the hills and cliffs, isi the new and interesting town of Orderville; from tho sa wm ill above, to Orderville below, about seven miles, the land) on every side is nearly all under cultivation, presenting a inost pleasing and agreeable appearance as the road; winds its way round thei points, and over, the dug ways. Wheat, corn, rye, and oats; withay form tho staple productions of, Long ValMore Anon. ley. 5 No water is seen for a distance of eleven miles; when emerging from? iherpine for. n est, cottonwoods and, aspens with tho willows give indications, and small springs are seen on each side of tho road, 1 well-know- uniting a short distance form a stream called the Sputh Fork of the Rio tV3rgin rhich Vsupplies1 'the inhabi-tants,Long Valley, as this caflon is called; having" but little the3ppearance of a valley, being in reality but a series of dales and dells, llero is Ordervillo Dairy, the converting 'stream, with fttto delicious cream the butlerf excellent cheese is made, here ; also. V'This is a very pleasant, cool place in th;o heat of summer. Two inile3 farther down a shingle m ill carries on a thriving business; a' steam sawmill in one of the side cafioris has. been busily engaged heretofore. The scenery is delighjtfSUy romantic; cliffs of fellow sandbo-lo-w of t - ... 4 - s, i kntil..';,.in It-'-- ill. - hia&i vn;ii hu was Benson vlMrs.f Elizabeth appointed to act as tho president of the meotingi and Mis; Kennle Baliff secretary proTtenv tAf ter the opening exercises Mrs. Benson said that she was very thankful that the sisters had come to visit and., to; organize .the young ladies, and hoped that atqr their organization .they would bo united.f By Iron quest irsu 'Elizabeth Howard said that .the t(me had come for the daughters. of Zion jtg ntH oi - -- : : en- doWn-trodde- n! r : she-want- - ed : ; y. ; I, -- Mrk.-.ana- ' . ; - , : ', . i : ' tt.i; L'-- 1 A:&urv, . : ' I j t-a- ble A- pur-Hard-ear- ned ; - -- - -'- - -- Wild fruits aro found in abundance In the small- cafions, and thrifty young orchards beginning to bear; jhawill soon sup- ply the inhabitants with a 'variety of good fruit, . Cattle are,,, driven, upon the hills above to gra2e,wh'ere4wide spreading grass, lands mee t the meadows on hilltho eyej tops a spring three miles east of the town, isquite a curiosity, as its waters drop from a shelving-roc- k extending saveral feet an-aa cliff, and flowing la a little rill from thls?-short distance, forms a pool of clear v - -are -- a ; 1 A er yh i : - village of Glendale, a thriving Utile place -havingVfinb large grist mill ; alsoT good Sunday School superintended by Blshoti W Utf IOA.r.WII1 k ' IIIIUrOttT 9sJs villi 5 i ; " i 4 i ; , -- 1 R. S. REPORT, set - of womeb, but we know that it is not the case we enjoy ourturniheirrattentiotr-toTman- y apselves iniawaydthaUour-vConsciericeStaining to the. kingdom of God; counseled prove,' and wo feel that God approbates and the girls to keep the word of wisdom and tQ our social parties; and amusements' iieyef read good, books, gave many goqd : instruct leave a sting behind, as those do that are tiona, , Ml3S.E..R Snow, said that heforo or after the manner of the world jo know Jf. the young ganizlng I wish to say a few wprd9 about the Surladies wished, to bo organized, a9ked them prise Parties that we have had in this place to make it manifest, and. all were desirous.; :,warf during tho past week. The first ohdStick-ney's moved, . seconded, and i carried that It wasEUen in honor of President Elizabeth J. MiS3 Ricks, be appointed President sixtieth birthday, arid took place on llCrs. Sarah At Card, and. Miss Caroline Olsen, the 19th of March, 1877. The sisters of Counselors, Miss; ,Lyd la, Crockett, Secro-tarSantaquin were determined to manifest ap-- . ' Miss Snow said that as the president propriately the respect they felt for her. was not present we woujd not elect the othThey met at'her house a 4 o'clock, p.; m. er our, counselors, asj.t was her privilege to laden with picnicand presents; she was elect thim herself; said ; also, .4 1 would W totally unaware of any manifestation of the kind until ushered into the room where all proper to have atre3urr; gam.excollent counsel and explai ped , $ b p many ways in; were seated. She engaged in teaching ..which, wa mighlvinae pur'selveV .efaljiii, school atlfiprlng JLake, aod yre- - a rran ged helping to build P;iJho, kiugdom of God.7. that her husband' should go down and bring Exhorted m tq bopupctual In attending bur - her home, telling him to bo very silent; meetings and JP; b? united, Said; that , tho' judge then of her surprise On meeting so sisters ,of theRelief ;Spciety;iwould .visit us" many of her friends unexpectedly. Severand.do aUihey cnuld toaid;us. al pieces were composed 'for tnd occasion, a Richards, spokjQ, very encbaragfnglyivad and many handsome presents given to vised the girls to, bp kind, anCobedjenifoj her by the sisters3. She responded to ail their mothers and to t do all. they could to' , in a humble'and: beautiful manner, asking n Atim upv. v t ;; help thorn. ? God to bleS3?usall; her husband also, thank- Zlna .'.Mrs. himiX;iYpung tsaid. that4lhe Umo : ed the sisters for the respect shown to had,been well sppnt and she d(d not Uh to self and wife, and Mrs Mary Stickney also detain us, .b'ut. would Jikp to, counsel the returned her thanks for the respect shewn gjrls to. set; out. mulbrryn cuttings and o to our President Bishop Halladay was vi vV ?'.'tlra,lso silk worms. present, who always encourages and adds ' INNIE BAtfclP, , ;f h . : zest to all our; social meetings;' also Elder . Secy'pro..tei. 'i.j.. P. K. Andersen, preslden t of t the; Scand na- brethren'and vian brethren. , any( other, V sisters were there. ft A splendid supper wa triven. and an abundance left to distribute 1HQUSEII0LD: HINTS i J At. h tl'i ': f ;t among the poor. Tho , evening was most were IthubarV Jelly: Wipe peel and cut quite, siaallai agreeably spent, an dr veryj reluctant; in these' we to disperse. Evenings spent some fresli1 rhubarb' put it iato; a.prrrlng.pao kind of enjoyments prove much'moro profi I'lrith a rery lUde wirm iraUr andtha thia.riad of v than If we wasted j half a: lemon to every pound of frait.11 BoU , .until ; ci r. reduced to & piilp;- - Strain the- juic3:iad,Trplgh it means in visiting traveling shows or dissatisfled and allow one 'pduud of pouaicd pigarto.yery, , cuses, wnlch usually leave a ; '''-vtho Juioo, aJii the jragari, ,f si poatfd bf Juice. Boil feeling. The other surprise party, was managed boil, iklra,' and when it jellies .bo. tb fiUmnier "f cpli.-- . If . for a birthday festival to some new comers, into pota, i &dd jpour I boiled too .. who havo not yet becomo Initiated into the ;Auu lohg it will bkoaioltniiclw r concludways of this country ; so our sisters '' Stal Bread: Every! person way'iiiaVo 3oru- ed to carry1 picnic to their house and give iical of ithia article if care 13 taken 10 1U bo. them a surprise the evening was 'spent I ;iog k?pt ft, should bo broken jup small, dried iow- .. t very pleasantly, audi n this way the sisters . ttnda,ia,'.a .toor-Iy vi:thcoVeo,. theo;grated or seek to cheer and comfort each other; and;; ' .; tar to coarse to enjoy themselves without wounding tho powder and kept ia f bottles." It Kill .keep a long time itx . most sensitive or. refined feelings.; .Time a : . , and ia useful for .rniny purposes a ipaiaes lively with us, good feelings exist ;; meat.' for nakips ibe cbox :aU around, and we feel truly thankful for dressing for fowls.and; . '4TAJ,W V hart- ' I St i esc paaaing?, or ior vaimi "tho spirit of tbo Gospel which is Imparted, t' pbor the tops covered with overhanging plants some places-th- e 8teep' cUff sides beautifully variegated yith col-- , ors' of red,' yellow, black and blue, or slate, mingled , with': the bright green foliage, forms a picture not soon to be, forgotten. Ferns, artd other beautiful "familiar plants are found near tiny springs iu unexpected The View is rendered more enplaces. dwellings scatchanting by neat home-lik- o tered alqng down a beautiful stretch of meadowJand, reaching far dp among the hills and mountains, called - Grassy canon; small caves and holes in the rocks, ard Seen in every - direct idncos; homes" for the squirrels, bats, and mountain rats, .the most impudent, daring fellows, appearing 'queer-enougfor rats, with deep- ihclMike ears, and bushy .tails. The soft sand stone in many places ; is almost perfectly honeycomb, containing. tho nests of a species of . large Hornet, a most inveterate pest and a most voracious meat eater; deserving somo praise however, &s a fly exterminator, entering the houses at early dawn, making havoc among the house; flies. Passingbn round a point a half mile, a lovely , .lakelet sparkles in IJie. rsuriVeams surrounded by steep cliff like hills; on its banks a variety of trees &Yld hrubs form a delightful shade for pleasure-seekerbjit. with plenty of water cool and bright, . there is none to quench the thirst here, "as its waters are totally unfit, to drink, being one of natures most remarkable compounds, rapidly con- verting, every thing it comes in contact with Inldstone; the Indians say it was formerly a snaau springj-outjuiigradually built " hundr seltup.until nearly feet, above, its former level;" experiment proves it to be. ... ... . is 'Secretary. ..... .. .,:) Loqan, 1st Wajkd Meetjnq House, Dec.5, 1876. of tho meeting for the organij Minute zation the i Young Itadiea Retrechmeiit joy themselves the best of any women on the earth; The world outside, say we are a h j Euzabetii Carter, ' " It Society.-- ' Editors Exponent: I do really think tho women in Utah - ! rr , i wind and rain into curious . :' 2 , - SURPRISE PARTIES AT SANTA QUIN. by - shapesf resembl ingpweJrnd Ugh thouses, and-yine3,and- everlastlrigvenant; '.'', MO simplo-machiner- y stone formed and . i whose waters Praying for suc6esstdatiend your very valuable paper; I remain . yours in the new soft water, a convenient place !for cattle on ' FBOK BEAVER TO 8T. GEORGE. ' EXPOMNt. WOMAN'S - I -- . . 1 , 1 wiJc-ruouth- welt-corke- ed d. or dry-place- . - tO US A ' - ,u i k 1 akes 