5 Vol. 6.: ' Sleep for the in glancing backward, in, recalling 'former incidents, localities and surroundings. Why BltfGHAM TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT YOUNG. , wfei'eyW"!:'1'.1; ; '.J . should one realize such exquisite tenderness in musing' upon the pictures memory opens tito view pictufes Ion g burled but of sight, only recalled now and then when the light orother some sudden flash-o- f days" flits across 'the tablets of the mind. These impressions, so vivid, have been stamped not only upon the, rriind but the heart; and I believe it is this that causes us to feel such affectibnal emotions when we gaze backward into the long corridors which time has defaced, and were it not for somb would have deeply engraven impressions ' " almost obliterated. Amid the shades of the1 past I distinguish thejtline of a form pbriect in contour, and , . Peaceor the throbbing breasti We all toiist tollaw bye. ftbbrel Then resttbeloTfed reaV Beloved of thy poopte sleep!. No cares disturb tby breast, Well hast Thou earned thy calm repose ' Why should' w grudge thy rtat? Al) grief Is selfish, and wo mourn -- i - - : T" Our counselor and guide; The poor man's friend, the friend of truth, The Leader, proved and tried. Thank Godl He sleeps in peace; The lost glance of bis, eyes . Rested on those ne'Joyed; his own Received his1 latest sighs. Farewell! 'tis evening iiow Soon iviUthedaTtoneflce;- IfowrBweet to meet In thS dawning light From eia and sorrow free. f WE ALL DO JaDEAS HE n r ; . LEAF. v is recorded That death cruel Spoiler has robbed me of thee; But the lesion thou breathest shall not be unhoard rML bo. Butstord in my heart shall Adieu too, ye flowers In love were ye tended, Add repaid me in sweetness in beauty and health, But now to the tomb are thy beauties descended, And I mourn as a miser the loss of his wealth. But let me reflect on the lessorf you're giving. ' . That the summer of life passes quickly away And the plants that are human and beauteous, and living Must soon feel the blights of a wintry day! And that we like the leaves, and the flowers, must dlo And repose for a time in the bosom of earth, But rise when the Spring that's eternal on high , Shall Bummdn the just to a heavenly birth. In that glorious Land is the "Tree of Life" waving And the roso without thorns undccaying shall bloom, There man (bis Redeemer's atonement all saving) Transplanted shall bo from.the jaws of the Tomb, : -- ? S, L. City, Dec 1st, ; ILUnah T. Kimg. 1876. scarcely recognizable,"" only by 4he general bearing and the' familiar smile that recalls so many pleasant yet sorrowful tnlngs, that I pause and wonder and contemplate the changes 'thiitrhavO whose image I haVe ever' $0 fondly beneath the sod; 'far from her home, a victim of the cruel, persecution of a cruel mob in our boasted lknd'of'ifreedoni and religious liberty. Oh11 liow my hea r I thrills with Indefinable emotions as T see in fancy arid, vividiy; recall the scenes of that terrible exodus. :ir?!;u? t . it, , thlsr at bleeds afresh heart dark and "My a1 Jof of the part dismal'draping that hangs in the walls of the old time-hoored edifice Which has been gradually growing and increasing With the years that have passed. Sometimes smoothly and In harmonious arrangement, sometimes the roughest stones thrown in with the most awkward handling, and with a taste and styl6 neither lofty, or elegant; but I would fain trust they did not weaken the structure which1 has been the work of a' Perchance in the years that follow, wo may. be able to polish up and' refine some things that have been left in'a rough and unfinished state; at least it is pleasant to think so. And we know that if we are now, better supplied with materials for building, though we can not obliterate the past, yet we may add something that will reflect credit upon it, we may ornament tho t walls, and adorn.it artistically if We have laid a solid founda-tior- i, and we may add' to i ts size heigh t h and proportions in such a way as to finish it ' " ' up symmetrically. ' But the pictures hung' upon its walls though dimmed and blurred by. ago we cannot altogether cover up Be they disagreeable ones even there they still hang, as reminder's of 'incidents which touch us to the very centre of our being. I know, tho world tells us to shut out the past, to bury it I think it is sometimes Well enough to catch h glinipso even of unpleasantness. It is usual f to refer to the happy days of childhood and the scenes that seem brightest from the, distance,' but they too were made up of storms and sunshine; as well as ; those of after years. I .will say to the readers of our home this is the beginning of, a series of letters, and if you like them yon shall hear ofcherish-ed;wasla- ; I weep pr?Uy leaves, that thy doom . Tyel so dirMnff lMlstlnetly :dene;Kalin'3 Ob! see but the leaves that aroutid us are f ailing From boughs, where so late they were blooming and gay And tell me if they are not silently calling f On us to prepare for a like coming day. Ob! , . AFTEH LONG YEARS. . id ; v life-pict-ure n. ; life-tim- e. f - : letter I. it Memory,thy- graceful mnntio twV nti. Enwrapping me in some lone dreamy hour, And its enchantment ev'ry sense enthralls, And hold me spell-bouwith its mystic pow'r nd Memory paints Us ' images of Vlio past. The Jong .years, bring, up. their retinue of varied scenes, and multifarious 'change and anon we catch a .glimpse of beautiful a picture in the mind, and we co!oring touch it up with the' latent recollections wb le can awaken-yremembrances.'- of ourfbrraer lives recorded on memory's tablets, and hid. den away with other treasures in the dim our brain, without thought of their ever being brought to'.tho ight It isthus withmo I am iookiDg down the long vista of the . years ana I see a" shadowy, panbrama stretching away In the distance, disclosing to view as .H slowly unrolls familiar scenes and times and places. What is It touches us acutely and dusty corners ol to-da- y. No. SALT LAKE .CITY, .UTAH, NOVEMBER 1, 1877. t: . : ". lor-everb- ut : pa--p- er m ten from, . - Aunt Eir. ' 11. NOTES AND NEWS.. -- 0PTIIE CONSTITUTION, CITIZENS SUFFKAGE ASSOCIATION. a rticle I. The obj ect of , . th Is Associa- tion shaUbe to secure to all citizens of frop-e- r age, - without distinbtiof to vote,- and withjthis end iri view,' to procure and distribute tracts, documents .and other printed matter; to prepare and circulate petitions to tho Legislature and to Congress; to employ lecturers, and agents; hold meetings, and take any other measures that may be deemed proper by the Article II. There shall bo at least one stated public meeting each moriihv: 1) Jlutwle Jlh feofllccra sjiallbe.'a Fres-id- t, pjecretarivan perform the duties usually assigned to such offices. . They shall reot jmbntlily the duties performed' Article IV. , Anylbusin cm, coming before the Association; action, shall be referred to-- special committee. All committees ,shairDecbm pf' the iho . on ith of the,, part the'riht mover, coni-moyer to name the Remainder of the, i tteey- su bject to" t h e actfouTof itherAssir . ciation. Article ,V The President and Secretary at the written request of any, live member of the Association, shall call special .meetings, bu t if the Association at such meeti ings. shall:, consid ec ?,the j. reason for holding 'sex-thejig- ht 1 ; . Aatio : 1 T P'as?- a . ; , m - ; , : ; therninsuflicient, thecallers shall beirepon siblefbr tlie expenses, o ii r. vniutb - ' Article VI., Any person may become a member of the Association; byiassen ting to the above and- contributing annually-t- ,tho v'. Aindsi- - :H ; rru ; - o ; - ; : - Article Vlli This; Cphstitutlbn;" rnay bo amended at any meet! ngby it vbte ortwo-third- s : of the members present, provided that one months notice of, tho pfonbsbd ' 0i T change has been given. 1; The. regular paeetihgs are lield at present at iiie' 'Presid'euVs E. 31. pavis, Walnut ! Place, 295Phllatfelr)hk," on the third Wednesday of reach" month aT3T?. ,M. We cqmmend, tho, simplicity of ourpr-ganIzatronr- "f youc join you, form an association. Send us the name you adopt' thitjWe may" ate co-oper- with you, and send you our publications. Susan B.- Anthony' lectured' In Teledb, September Ctr on "Working Men arid their Strikes."" She proceeded directly to Colorado, and give the remainder ol the month of September to the woman suffrage campaign in that State.'1 Miss Anthony went without money and without price, wholly at her own expense, with thojekception of a small con tributloU" by 'two friend s,1 who, was hearing that; she goingi sent hefj one - 5 flvo" dollars and 'the' other,' ten. ' She had a; inpst l fatiguing' journey, speaking eve-r- y night, with tho exeeptionrjot three, rrom eeptember to the 30th. 'f , , The cremated remains of Dr. 'Winslov, who lately died at Salt Lake, havo been received f and interred at Mt. Anbnrn, accordtestament'Tho ing to. his last .will and I f -- m - C r 3Vatchman.? : I. n 1 