138 WO MiFS EX PONE NT. sr2 a H. BEPORTS. J . At CtheiGcneralilietronchmeht Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Booms, , Saturday, Fob. 3, 1877, there was a very ' " President Mrs.' M. good attendance. llorne presided. After the usual .exerciser, 21 the reading of tho minutosjrom the various wards concluded, Mrs, JLiorno addressed the V "lissemblylief TererFIsndaiSlt clous, and appropriate to the timed in which va'are-liVibStio referred lb tlie position in whichrayeV should bo offered,' thought it was always most appropriate to kneel, but ;it was not at all Uimes cohvenfent yet ithel i head ' should !bo bowed' and the thoughts ;1; concentrated and fixed upon the Lord while - the l4esslnhas Unvokedf1 She also spokej : iof tho f Sacramenf itt rOper tof ipartaklng manner1,' which should certainly be'observed j Counselor Miss Snow spoke upon tho 'subjects of homoindustries, the spiritual cuiti-- , noirTjrm tant and interesting ideas.- ; ..(testimony r;:the mlcls of i alL Oxford, Oneida e. ul n our - Y u.i4.4.ur; ' llAnniET . March aist, ........ -- ':, f. , Qedab City.Iron Co.,' Jan. 18, EQNENT : . , ' . 1877. co-work- " Wcbtapllancb with your request to 4he Belief Societies', X feel it my duty to for. ward a report of the steps taken by Us in re. 'gard ifi the grain1 Question.; T We have not maae much progress so rar. Ak committee bf tHreet 'ifiters have been ppointbd1 who w'iirnd'doubt 'faithfully d isc'hargb the ldu- : ;tle devolving-u)p- n' them : i n u thit cause, juuiiuj ua; wo mi : bhuuiu iuo reajuuaimuiy of doing our titmost in complying with the can maae oytno' presiaent or our cnurcn. Our Bisnbfr lias kindly allowed us tho priv-tnis liege or storing wnat grain we can get ' in under-our own care the year separately Tithiricr Officer until wo can build a store- v our' own. which wb ' intend doing house as soon as ;pracucaDie. upon tno resigna-''tion'o- 'f our beloved President Mrs. AVhitta- fikeri whose' death a few months ago was so lally ln the GittMoveentvpvn-byu- r beloved President. I exclaim in my astonishment, can we become Saviors like Joseph who was sold into Egypt," who by tho 5 i t V -- mi Pjeoa Summit t Co., Jan,g7, KDITOB EXPOKEKT- i?77. 1 ''li,ti - ;im The PeoaiBeiief Society was organized on Sept ember 1 3 th 1 875, . sinco which time wo have endeavored to keep pace, with tho times, and follow the good adyicol which is mi given totus through yiur valuable paper,arciy i i ti The present officers of the Society . M.-.Rachel President, Mrs, Miles; Counsel ors, Mrs. Lydia Marchant, Mrs. Sarah M. Newman; Secretaries, Mrs. Harriet Mj f. fjMarchant andMrsM .. . Mrs. Lauretta Palmer; Teachers, Mrs, Lydia t I i yAnnie Jensen, Irs, j Annie i iMarcfcant, iMrsf .j. . Maria. Lyons, and Mrs. Martha Huffaker; ; ,:; These sisters baye been diiigenti ip tfio dis4 i;7,charge7i0t their duties and merit vgreai Itl?iP4raisofpr v;;ln1ihP.80ciety.iluj -jr- TM.ctyJlaa; 'wh ,.3i aiidjhp;merabers, numbering, -- a' year ago last May: !iV,:J!hiHi aliejtoheir;dutieg,an4 teMyrw&thOtgoqd .;--: se ;c-au- storing grain; consequently P esteem it t- . under-takin- g us J a ' : , JANE. id VALMWOd1 hope founded and ln4he: cause of Zion !,J ln my faith predicated. 5 ec'y. .1 ".' JanV l877 - s ? , 1 ; vi ; 1 ;'-- itn aa;, , ! isIth . t rAttRV.M Ass Knowing that yourself and readers fee! a .klndlyilntercrinihoVweliara' and jDrocrress a few .ofithe womeqf bur church, I write' lines' to inform you that directed bv brooer juthoj ity, fixo. Samuei;pike, , thb'president a great privilege to be ah active Worker with my associates in this great and wise and I thank ray Father in Heaven that I live and have a standing in a prophetic church. Although voun? I can say I have a husband constant and true, and bright and prbmisihg little children, and with him I. desire to rear them in the way uot righteousness. This!desire mo .' when I labor, when I eat, and .oven in'my ' night visions the carb of m llttlbbhes ii iH with ineV for' in Jmy surrbundings Isimy 1 in ,;wbich.they i . rb-o- : TAnri Iiuni asf fitstnd Mrs Sage 3Jbhbs as ' t 8pcona counselor, thojiejy; "1$ In a pros-7rocondiUonT'the members being alive io meir uuues ana irying wnn uou's neip to iforward His work Hd' tho bHSt'Vf their r 'C :iL-abilities.. Wishing prospetity to the ferONENTand arq Anxious W , . 1 Jt i r4ro .engaged.. , )Vi th : tho spirits God to 1 f and unity practiced in us.i ?(! P ;,i .our every:fly livesIknpthat wowM bo able to accomplish much good, Uu! v; ; Wo, dp not forget fob, nolprnoyo.in ;reia a rtion to thoGrainj Question j and .hope In bp ableVtb do something jn regard Ijtimep , i a ftp, that matter; but ,at present we ican; do nothing, having lost bur grain crops, this - last season by frost which has been a great detriment to the prosperity t)fjur settloi ment. Ho ward and E, Tho, visit of Sisters'. 1,4 $;Barney; was 'to$t an e'njdyablotlme;- The , H ,g;a4vico they gave td.'tho', sifters Id re ,1'latibn to,, their 'duties, 'the ,encburagbmeni .! wo receiyed;tb ,livo pure and,:hbly, Uyes; ,t and'ihe'benefit of the Society and jib good V i t "would" accomplish was fully d weU upon ; all of, which gave ui renewed diUgenco in .y u the, dischargo of our duties. The visit of ,.' ,thc'so twb'8l3ters and their trorJs "will lorn? the good spirit and Inrp . the i Society was ganlzed of. which you were duly Informed at the time; tinder the present officeifs,5 viz., xiiia. Diuau utiu ua arresiweui, iura, .Diary , ' condition thirty-fou-r gewgaws. My opinion is that it .requires all this to accomplish the one purpose of -- dn.r -rTJ sav- ing of grain preserved his, kindred from the devastation of a famine, or is this commandment given us that bur brethren will bo more diligent in ' this direction or is it given us so that Wo wilt retrehch ing our husbands bif fath 1 " 7Ui ; fill-in- g, -- srit peryaded eri their labors under the tuition of Mrsr Lucy Clements.' ;isThe products of bur labor amounts to forty dollars since July last, con sisting of carpet, quilts and wheat I wish to mingle ' my voice v with the daughters of Zion. My ideas have been aroused with regard - to tho high positions that women arp considered, .worthy of aside from that of housewifery; espec. - , a Jaithful - , i hlchper. IdauoTeb. Co, branch of the We are organized into Relief Society as follows;. Mrs. Mary Ann Boico President; Mrs. Mary Black, Mrs. Marth It. Cooper, Counselors; Mrs. Louisa Croshaw," Secretary Mrs. Aun Hepwbrth, Treasurer. Our settlement is small consequently our numbers are few, yet we? wish to bo acknowledged by our beloved sistera as with themln ' thevcause of - ; itain to tho bujldirig.up of the kingdom, and An7eicerieni -- i ; irJiDanj "Emma" Pike Pes' feel-wel- l silk-cultur- J778poko upon things and principles Desiring an interest in the prayers of our sisters we are, r Bespectfully Yours,' , " -- Edph. o and its Young spoke upon the Utah and the adaptability ttQ theyclimafe of circumstances of. the people; that it would ; ubo a, resource .for. meaus whiclj could be - -- madOr profited jE,1 SParney thoroughly est t i " can to fulfill, them. ' Counselor Mrs. - tho poor, sick, and aged. Quite a number Intend to take your excellent paper. aro now to $"' The duties of the Society most of us but we Intend to do the best we fluenco which they left, will, wo trust,' oyer I I" v be in our minds.4 a J. On Pek.14, 1876, we lorganized Young tho Association with Ladles' Betrenchment follo wing officers : President, Mrs. Jane Ann Maxwell, Counselors, Miss Ann Eliza Marchant, Mlss Annie J ' M. Larsen, Mfss Loiim Wright, and Miss Elizabeth Maxwell; Secretary, Miss 'BacheJ .!ShTppenjASsistantTSecrotary and"1Treasi M.' Lee The Association ,urerf U iss Liiella The at present, numbers twenty-threand ?are determined young sisters to do all in tthelr power to help th good v "cause in Which they- are engaged, and; by living, and encouraging others to livo pure and holy lives that they: may become use-":fin tho kingdom of ahd lioriorable-vyo'me- 1 : 1 . ? Is Lbuiii CnosnAty. aturay Jast,for i the ut iixziUL-it4i'4- ik SXkdniAMAi - , ,;;.oir tne.Drancn nsus.organized.-Vciety ia this placed bver fwHleh j, rise iis a lielief sister Enima . special . meeting ;qn : ra:,feuildng the , ..hundred and forty.six dojiars, and.twhan- $frA ; mm A? butter be , M . , 1 liberajly. The brelhrpnliave .on46unda, the 14th! dbno.welLL inft they had anieet thousand" dbllarsr9rt .iforhoT'em'pleibne . M0 :Mmearo In jamilies.-arQ- , i , tiPurppspr4onatiiig . So- -, soiectea to presiae; Bisters Be ve- Hdge andjStbddard as. couhselbrs, ;and sister - Crowthef as Secretary and .Treasurer, to be Sister fitoddafd;. .'.This .place is ;assistcd:by a .(not pianentbme forjth'e.Salnts, but r the Coal Mines are here and those who only migratory;, this, is why we haye not had a society started before. There are a great many families hero and of - number:; of f course a: 'good good women them and wo'tliink' inuch (jamOng good can by, bringing ;thGm;rfogcti?qr, mak ';.lnS themitter acquainted jwlthcach other dla?MmMD's Jeptsaofa'arlous dnds as l i weU Providing a fifnd, .for 'thdsafety of , , thisfsettlementsol uuuo very weu,,;yo ua.y,," bo this Iwjnter, circumstaticcJ as m.e fast as Progressing, u,)w.1ilh:J'.ulu r;vjnf ijeo. iitiii we.wm Xow-- J.;0611! organized iwo years; avo have, nir.a aiWf A new meetjing ,hbuse . -- -- - " . ...".L .... - . - a ; iiy-jrrft- -- ' ri . " Secretary. 