.WOMAN' 148 S EXPONENT. phet Joseph spoke on the occasion. Some.tlme after Emma got sorelyjried. It was the time When men were commanded to take more wives REPORT OF THE DEDICATION OF THE KAYSVILLE RELIEF SOCIETY THE LTJLA GREENE ELI1CE B. " IICHAUDS, r ;. J EXJLS." , Editors. ; HOUSE, Nov. 12, 1876. long faces sometimes. it. was not so easy as one might think. When it was revealed to us it looked like the last end of Mormon ism. For a man to ask another woman to marry him required more than we had. I will not confess the sins of others but I will tell you some of my own. I was riding out one day by the old grave yard where I met Joseph, Said he to me 'Elder Taylor stop, look at me,' speaking of the revelation lately given on celestial MA.rrla.qe, he said, 'These things must be entered into or the keys will be turned, and the church of God ' go on no further.' There was nothing previous tor;that - revelation by which men and women could be joined together for eternity. We had, a good religion to live by, but it would not do to die by. We were not prepared, to inherit a celestial glory without doing the works of Abraham, for the man is not perfect without the woman, nor No matthe woman without the man. tHere was no other expedi- ter what I wished, It made us all pull pretty Present Presidents D. H. Wells; John Taylor, and Joseph F. Smith; Bishop C. Lay ton and counsel, the officers of the Society, and a The choir sang, Whole house full'of Saints. "This house wo dedicate to Thee." ' Dedication prayer by Elder John Taylor as . Terms: One copy one yearv 13.00; one copy; six months, 1.09. ; Ten copies, Xor; the rprice of nlne.,.JAdTertIing rates: Each square tea lines of onpKU space, one Um' Mbpral discount to' rcgrilaVaijTertUcrs ' rirst Exponent Office, corner ef South Teroplc, , stt East ects, opposite Eagle' Gate. Business hours from' 10 : a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. ' jivmont'Wl 4 follows: . "O God the Eternal Father in the name of Jesus of Nazareth we present ourselves beiore thee at this time; we have assem-bie- d in this place for the purpose of dedicating this hall which has been built for a Relief So- ad Address all basincsa communications to 1 : : ? ; FablUhera Woman's ExroHRf - Salt. Lake City, Utah. I 4 - Tl'AHl'Sli!;'.-- : EXCELLENCE. 4: It S 1, - A is scarco expected' in this probationary sphere that any person w ill be' perfect. . Faults -- whatever merit numan nature is capable or at-tathing. 7-- Ih'mariy di(rerenVposiioh's and places weaknesses ratyiore plainly apparent be- cause the person occupies prominence, and the whole . edfifmwttywk arid critlcizeVjto those who hbla offices and positions pi power and trust, it is also true of editors and writers. Jtfeouid be advisable for- ipm6L tho sons who are so ready to judge and condemn, if they would for a moment, 5Put themselves ' Vtlct (v channel orpuHty and truth, and ? praytbat ,wo' may ! be guided right, we must leave tlie success of our eflUrtsas'JSread cast up-- ; on thewatersj,f and 1C we are blamed and seof-feanjl sneered at - what of .it?. It is but a and .when we are, sure oar motives and bieath, A . euorw ore vojst 'divine principles wMchwiii leid "air who obey 4hemn back ; into t the presence of God the Father, what need we care if wo are not 'understood by those who do ' not aee as we dof. Pope said, ' J "v? t" t ,,n such A 1 "Let i1f '' ' m:- leach ptbers who themselves excel, xi Andceo8uro lrc1y wWhare writti wcli.f ins'in strict accordance wltli the spirit and Interests of the Gospel. Vo have ;no de-- ; sirepr'arnVitWrt taachievo. the tram or priseof Jwprld ou tside of 4 hat - uVaul t- - t ed ambition verleaps Jtself.'',- Aiid all who are seeking t ho. applaugo of; thp world should - - . affairs, t rT j,!f r,.;? 'l-l- r Humility is., the safest condition, for one's self; deroidiof that,' even genius and talent lose " half their excel Fence.1, tv. f;-- ; Unu .t fM"v ' We deslro riot only to be but charitable. just acting after the pattern of the Golderiltule CT6 do unto others as we would wish them to do unto;&s;y but weHyn maintain" the' rlghL-'b-ar paper Is not the re- - ' ? . ; posltory or receptacle of all the rambllnga of persons who have no knowledge of principle. Ve,do not publish every bo4y's ideas and opinions, it wbuld be utterly inconsistent,-i- f we did. ; It U ourobjecti "to disseminate such principles ia; are VelevaUu their nature and practise.. The inteiest of homn institutions, "organizations and improvements,' we con- imfticularly amongwomen, sider it our duty to represent truthfully, re- gardlesstof the aspersions and criticisms of those who woukl. impugn onr sincerity and " are-wh- at earnestness. ". jt paint, and everything that enters into the composition of this bouse to be rancthled and holy unto thee our God; and we ; ask that thy spirit may dwell here, and that pure principles may dwell here; and when thine handmaids shall meet to perform any duty, or office, may thy spirit be with them, to direct, enlighten, and assist them, and whatever office or calling they shall undertake, we ask, O God, that their acts and sayings may be such as God and angels will approve. We dedicate this house for the purpose for which it was designed. May thy daughters and handmaids feel it a delightsome place to assemble in.Blt ss also the young sisters in their organizations; may thy peace be here, and the Spirit of God to attend them in their administration. Bless the Bishops, the Elders, the Priests, the Teachers, and the Deacon's, and all thy servants in the Holy Priesthood,, and .whosoever has built or contributed toward the building of this house. Blessthe ststers in their labors in. providing for. the poor, counseling or Instructing or whatsoever they may , let their hands to do. We now dedicate" this house and "Ourselves unto thee, and all who shall take part in the labors therein.'4 Lead them we pray thee in : the paths of life, and ultimately save us in thy CELESTIAL KINGDOM?; wiesk it in the name of '; Jesus. :Amen.M v: ' '; Remarks by Elder Johii Taylor: I remember the organization of the first Relief Society in Nauvoo, Emm Smith was president and sis--. ter Whitney, (wife or Bishop Whitney,). and sister Cleveland were her counselors. Eliza R.N Snow was secretary and Elvira Colo treasurer. A good spirit prevailed, and the pro r marriage, but afterwards foredokTitTusIhg her influence to pervert the minds of the sisters, and set them against it. She tried my wife. The sisters in these days are like some of the wives of the patriarchs of old. There was some trouble in their families we are told in the Bible. The good sisters In Nauvoo said But they believed the revelation, but as what? But the Savior said, 'if it is possible let this cup '' pass,'. but Toy will be done, no it-w- ith i Our ia)er aims to represent, the true penti- ments Of the woineii of the church of Latter-da- y i. ral against it. The .United States Govern-.mn.has not succeeded In overthrowing "it. God has sustained ustMof wehaverle off victorious. Many: intelligent men look upon the marital relationship as a problem which the Mormons will solve, 'hoping they will solve It successfully, because the intelligent men I speak of know the nation is going to the bad. But to return to my subject about Emma Smith. Emma Smith, at first profess-e- d havin g fai th in the revelation on celestial , ds i Clues ui iruc cartu, uuv joavt? iuuuu iiu one who could say any thing reasonable nor scriptu- the rafters and sheeting, and everything connected therewith unto the Lord; also the ceiling, the plaster, the lath and lime, and everything connected therewith we sanctify and mako pure unto the Lord God of Hosts. We dedicate the doors7tbe windows, the frames and fastenings thereof, the glass the putty, the pleeveryj In'the dreci , ; , , ''Xx L . ' ' . since that time to senators, congressmenords everything connected therewith, we consecrate and make holy unto the Lord our God. We dedicate the roof, the shingles, the nails, Yar ttTata tf ' Tf la litof vuaa!K1a tl. ' they might not think it ; such! an. easy task to In . cut mail nuuiu ausnct uut w vucjf iuo UUIII mandment from God. I have talked about it J - i . : ciety house hefefn thy; daughters and handmaids may meet to attend to the various duties devolving apon them in a quorum capaeV. ity; we ask 0 God that thy blessing may be with us on jthis occasion, and that the words, we may; say may be dictated, by thy spirit. We have gathered together in this place to dedicate and set apart this house unto thee;and we ask that thy blessing may rest upon us. r "WerleJiHleTsTbuie anraTTKomTtmBfd" ing unto thee. The ground en which it stands we dedicate unto the Lord of Hosts, to be holy i unto thee, the stone,' the moriar, and everything that enters into its; compositionthe brick, the lime the sand, fand all the various articles that enter into its composition, that it may be sacred and holy, the boards and nails f'jv SALT jjAKB , Canr;: MABCIt self-confiden-ce mine.' 7 ' . My wife told me many things Emma Smith had told her. When I met Joseph I said, Brother Joseph, do you know, that sister Emma nas oeen laiKing mua ana so to my wiie, ana telling her such and such things, and said that you have denied the revelation yourself?" Said Joseph,"Brother Taylor, sister Emma would de throne Jehovah himself, if she could, for the; accomplishment of her purroses.,, Women in these associations should not use their position and power to good; if peert they do so, evil is sure to follow and come on their own heads. When thesisteis come to 5 , ; " A1UU iuo ixiuy uugUfc ii of their; mission eht of ,therople,con8iderthei poor and provide lor, them, and ntxor never,-- ; entertain harsh feelings towards : on - another, but forgive as they would be forglTt n Wo-men rany more than men-havno right to' speak evil: a great deal is committed to their; care, they are required to train their children in the wajs of God., And what honer i . l e shouldlriot theirs if theyjonly seek. let our children seo ih us actions, or hear from us words that we would be ashamed of, iU-W- again. e When your1 husbands ' are absent yon 