124 , . , .. . . , . . T . JU ,...1. 1 1 . ' V; -- .:.': LltD,)y Editor,- VaWIshed . .... In Salt Lake City, Utah. semi-monthl- y, one copy tlx months, copy one year, Ten Copies for the price f lneVdf e'rtttlnfc'" ' rites'' Each Square; ten lines of Nonpareil Epace,; one lime.' t2.00i ' ber month, $3.00.' lA liberal disconnt; to T 13-0-0; VraBr - regular ' m. sdTerU&rerl'ii iijt&io&i. itf&I 'iz-4ui- f South ;Tera ple and Firet n Exponent Office corner East ah ec&ToppOBite Eagle GateliuBincfeshburBroni 10" aUhosiness, communications to :',t Addrcsf ' " V. ..ttttT- " ;f - . . ? piblishera Woman's Exposes x, Lke Cu UUh - - . ? , ' His truest interests. (The human body; is in ail t probability the finest workmanship of the grea Master Architect; and to undwstand the uses and applications orallu Qqtj has gtvento man and woani aod make a proper, a nd j us t use bfjlw e, ojppprtu nit ie? and talentFji? .something; greatly to be desUed. S ACT IiAKE fclTYi JAN. -- - fcnr At t halfrpast six !ft'cIockithe quadrille band arrived,. and tho remainder of the even tion. himripr herif , lhly aspire t.to? eternahlife and exallation, exhort and. f ntreat iix fallihu-milit- y, neighbors or fiends, to bo more awakened ilol the special "purposes of their creation and mission upon arl h Whtriecdnhe t riie and upright care for sdorh or Ven e'erisureifrqm ll h ose Wh 0 ha ve n of the sam e noble alms to stimulate tliem? Vorkfor a purpose and lei H ing was closed arr-wpabl- of n fits e muaneTperci;4 - : . itoLjaM&ItM seems necessary. If men or womfin TpsnirA tn approach a certain standard of excellence and catch up all the little tangled threads dropped inadvertently as they travel on the great highway 0 1 Jife, ibey must erciselall tb e'energies and foitltudo they possess and ' even then it will be no easy eask." One great ad vanta ge the rdiUeoiao ia a freedom ; from, melancholyj Iregutar work cheers .the 8pltita and enlivens' nlanyotJierwse lonely j- - adpess and People live longer and enjoy life more completely who hayea tWttled object in Jfor - , - There is a great woik to be done I D this xrexxm ration acd thpeeiwho aVe lntensttd in the welfareof posterity should be willing and anxious to take up theirsharel)fduties andrespon-slbilitle- s and become corworkers pwith those who are laboring asilduously for a great pur, - pose. Was there ever a time when there were niore n(ble iuceritlves to prompt men and wo men to' action than now? The great vineyard of the Lord needs more laborers; the and highways are thronged ; with r idlers who by-wa- ys hinder the worker from accomplishing their duties and takpirid offer alf spits of reasoning and sneer at and r eX5H? fj the patient,' earnest one and reach out to them. inducements to falter ari(i liuger and reject the field of )abar. ' There Is nov need of me", is echoed here and can purthere, sue my own course and it will ;be julte as remunerative and more congenlai, Why should t trouble rayf elf. about the general welfare of others, I. can lead my own life.";. Yes a purposeless one so far as eternity, ia concerned but pause, all mankind owe the world the best folutions drayn: from varied reiperienccs and phases of life, All these, Incidents help to analyze the mysterious . problem .of; the f truest alma .and. surest : success in Hfe.: We tdo not mean to be understood as alluding to succees in monetary interesta, but to the wisest moat judicious and safe, control and guidance "of all the gifts of God to mankind, lie has pladed lib children here to learn certain lessons, to gal u knowledge of high and exalted principles, and work out such problems as shall best subserve Jf-!.ec- d-ic- r ' ; r dayndweieetacim SERicuLTUiE.-i-Th- ule TnWAfii .liepupliof ; 1 -- ihe io ;Ward SabbatH Fchool had a good timepn Bunday. 'A1 hundred and sixty; prizes, embracing a wide e VArlety of articles, r were'-distrjbijt- lbeniTh&aei bp i5ehool Halep-pree- t- eii - eiit, .brdtnerJas: Woods. K AUKKO WL EDO E tile t rbm Wjsb- ingion or tne MUongesMonal Record" cf Dec. 30, 1876, containing t lie speech of Hon. H. W. Rlair n the House "of fepr?8coa1tives. On the mariuiacture and "Vale rf intoxicating liquors. XH Deseret ' Silk e their united restraining, infiuence to abolish this great curse of the "country frem the United States: , The speeich is well , and gives rnany statements of factsmud figures n this important subject. . . ; ..4 "CosiriLED Laws of Utah. n Th is volu tn e, worth-readin- up-p- abou t - Ita; wprkof pigeais inow' corn pleted contains alii the statutes 9QQ i of general tih In7?rce tnje Declaration of Indi. the Constitution pendence, 'of the United States, the Organic Act of Ufahi nd air the laws ef Congress especially applicable to this Territory; The work is arranged in regular legal" form, the Vasslficatlon of the acts, with titlea and chaptershea and marginal notes, a complete, clear, and comprehensive index show that the legislative committee on compilation, HonorablesA. O Smoof, Silas S. Smith and R. T. Burt:in, have been most careful and ;exact in the performance of their labors. , :.The volume is printed in clear, bold type on an excellent qualityf law parer, and is well and substantially bound inlaw calf. The work was printed and bouod at the Deseret News - .: : ... i- . Chritmas - - ... ;, . Festival --The f .yyf(; 5 :10:h Ward Young People's Christmas Festival, was a most Phasing affair. Af2 p. m , the gentlemen : Pf the Deacons' Quorum, and young; giripf the Retrenchment; Association assembled at the newmeetlng h6us with; their baskets Jaden with good things.The hall was" beautifully -- i fopns inmade: 6f evergreens, which the boys prccured -, the can3 on- inter ocoratpd .with fh - by, the ycuog utdartificlkl adies-t- he flowers " workmanship ortheir own land- s- and these who have a 'love for the beautiful," must a pleasing influence on that surely have felt bright Christmas n day, as they entered the hall which looked : --. . . v :a :.- .Young - i f it had spun itsfcocponj espec'ally "the mod feedingrsud tcn!have the;in ed in pamphlet form. She also stated that the Association bad.eight pounds eleven ounces of reeled 'itfe that ad;been retledyiMrsCdrdoa " MCTaurABclietJJei sted thatilrJcseph railk: raiser xf San Fraricisc "had Newman; 1 paid lis a visit oh the 29th way home ftSm 6n his of-icem- ber been.exhib)ifpftfili its branches. He gave us a good deal of nseful information, and said that though our reeled silk7 was notfis ;wapi feet as his. lietb good start and dughyp jitel iencbureil,ile said the principal ebjeel was to get our farmers to plant out rauJberry;treesJ millions of them.1 tiiU Meeting in February at wapvcfbck p m hR. Simpson, Sec'y a: arri - 0 Apd aU prlPnjhi The Awoclatlon send their eefience ai Utah. would like them , pursue to raise the worms successfully; t Addres., ' w;- .- . :- . jn h v v 1 ... Salt IJake City. ,; , Omce. Assccia-tfo- ., presiding. ;:;::v....va Mrs.' Young; ssid the object' of. calling the meeting was to adopt easprejto instruct the ' people how to railkWoYnl and in older ftip get success who had been tho experience of those ful, from the halching out-othe; worm V offices and positions, 'wlio! would P1nyetjWgre ' ' : f at the Fireman's JIall, Mrs. Zina D. have received for the : first time as an exchange ThorUtah County tEnquirer; full bf County and other nows and seemingly" well : adapted to Its time and p'aee. - ,'.;:-i- held a specTai' meeting H- AVd -- ftisaantidote 7i.i,t.;:-.'(!im.u'."- , There has just arisen for fB?an. and womankind another jearj with i aeh successive year it is customary to Jake a ;g aneejpf; retrospection ; over the past one vand con trast 1 7 vith: wb at one had i previously ihou ght to accomplish. : Tlure seems to be allotted to' all persons a certain round of duties which some seem bound hour f.i-. ' 15 1877. for a Purpose.- XwoR ,. at a reasonapie, nqur. , f uus!( enuea roar that God lias abundantly blessed us. IIOMKAFPAIRS, ii " past'leasahllyn!n';iheV:a.rice--rwhic- Chriftraos -- worihyall IhViacrificeanCenaw bp'flin jcreated'and jyjth allthe eloue be par. truly lovely in its holiday dress. After d, refreshments luxuripply-auppliethe talringr lively gamesi?andfm which added hca-rpeal after p forth from the Joyousuthron, h very 7 beneficial "to the iestirJansTjacd j ; tals ? 4. , WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. THE' 31. 'X XP.ONENT; W OMAN' ... - r y . obituaries;.-.;--; SAKAir Smith Griffinl1 dan im City, leaving an Infant thteiwVeks old and four other children with her husband ta mnurn her o39' -- 'SJb.TO born 0ct.d:rH SSft ioItil-- r : land, Ohio.-Ht--r mother died when she was eleven old only her la'iherpejngati the days same time absent from horrieln Missouri attending to business pertaining t6:fthp Church. She removed with" the rcst of tiie'amily toj Missouri in lSC8, ard, sKas driven witli the Saints back to Illinois early in 1840; giyired in the exodus from Nauyoo In the dead o; winter, ' : in 184G, and .remoyedio: Winter Q arters. She came to Utah in 1818 OriAlnj and removed to Ft. Th omas,'. on I the Muddy,in its first settlement, where she endur- uchranflVrlhgifrom prlratiorisTind bafd ships, which she bore with great fortitude and patience. On their return fiorn that place the family settled first in Coalville, from thence they removed te Ogden City in 1873. She was -- i 