Wo M A Ws f Mott, "brought the woman question more the into view, and an increase of interest in . subject .was the result. ;Tn thtd iorfcX-Jiayeengaged heart and hand, as my labors, evince; The travelsand andf abuse heap-e-d ridicule misrepresentation, s, do upon tnis, as well as not in thb. least deter mo from my duty. To those whose name is cast out as evil for the truthjs sake, Jit is a small, thing to be Woman's judged of man's judgment. publicr-dipurse- '&tfWT. 175 ' B; fW:r Smith?,! Mrs. Howard"? iand fMrs. M. P. You ug addressed thfci meet!tig,nm6st . of them remarked that they?hkd?metiwith us at our organization, and previous annu- tu meetings, ana noticed the progress r the y&ung, ladies had matte? jsppke upon the ' principles of iCelestiarfiArrjagd; Word of 4 " s ' pther-reform- heMitok tflfag on the young ladies to bring about a retorni ciates and of slmnmnVt V Words. ' PREJUDICE. There . rev-elatio- grievous sin before God who has said "judge not lest ye be judged;" JIow very careful we should be never to say a word to injure the character of any person. We may do more harm in a moment by uttering something .which in reality has no foundation, than we can atone for in a life tme.. A thorough investigation should be gone through; before vof are prepared to give pur opinion, find then we should be careful in regard to speaking upon any principle; no matter how obj ectionable oth ers may find it, we are not capable of declaring its errors simply because others do not admire it, or cannot comprehend .it. Who have been the persecutors of the Latter-da- y Saints? Not those who " with unbiased minds have studied the principleirevealed in our holy religion; if dn willing toTelieve, at least they would cease to try to injure. Our real enemies are those who through prejudice at first have allowed their hearts to bewm&embitteredj and perhaps nided by a wicked disposition , they .e?e idling to rush blindfold,' not caring how, much injustice was done by their words and acts. While thepeoplo Of the world'are filled with prejudice, should not we as saints strive to overcome thi3 I have heard the remark "tfiat in 'days gone by, called a gentleman' until every man s proved a rogue,; but it would seem as if air were considered rogues until proved to bo gentlemen.-- We should try to be ever - just. rWe had be Iter by far v say more good than deserved, than 'more evil than.is vtruei rfXet ua guard : oar own tongues, discipline our own thoughts, see that our hearts are free from Impurity, and j now-a-day- iI - . : we yUiaye 0Vij listen to slander. nyde Park,rMarcrj H, .13 1 J y.i 1877 .r Xirl Titfk- S.: REPORT. - or President Miss Mary Williams then invited all the young ladies present whoere not members-tmeet: with us and join our society. Our meeting are held every Tuesday at one o'clock. Meeting then adjourned, after which all the officers and members'" and the Tvjsitors named above, the ofiicerV of the belief Society, and some, others, repaired to the residence of Mrs. M. J. ThompSDn' where a table was spread with refreshments. Miss E. Rr Snpwjthen blessed thd Young Ladies Association of this Ward and prayed that , they might prosper. ,n thO iWojn&n's pa Ivyidbing prosperi ty tot and all other per, enterprises for the good of Zion ; wubscribe ourselves, .your sis- o v ' WOMAN'S WISI2QM AND -- ence, and defeat tho worst intensities of crime by her smile? Observe, further, among all the principal figures in Shakespeare's plays, there is only one weak woman Ophelia; and It Is ' because she fails Hamlet at the critical moment, and Is not and cannot in her. nature bea guid e to him when he needs her most; from that ail the bitter catastrophe follows. Finally, though there are three wicked ,wo-; men among the principal fijUrSjdady Macbeth, Regan, and bonrii: they; hi'ef t at once to be frightful exceptI6ns to; the ordinary, laws of life; fatal in their influence the iPowerrlbr. good . alsp la; proporitibn-i- p which they have abandpied(ii8Hcli ;in broad light, 13 Shakespeare's festimqqjf to tne position ana cnaracter ol womnn m,hu. ; 5 -- . salQctTfyv Pulpit of the"Day. '''-"' SUICIDE. VIUf UE. Mr. Ruskin; Inf a cent lppture thus spoke of w6man; as illustrated bV llie'hfro- - The catastrophe of (0 very play is caused always by theolly or fault; kof man; the demption, ifithere by the Wisdom and virtue of & woman ah'dfalllhg The catastrophe, of that, ( is KingtLear owing tojiis own want1 of iis judgment, impatieit yanity, his misunof his children he virtue of derstanding true his one "daughterhvbuld hkve1 saved him from all the Injuries ofJherothers,, Jf he had not cast her away; from htm as It Is, '' ; she all but saves - "Of O ih e llo,--Ir ne'edi not i trace th'elale' ; be-'anyji- there-Jsf,none,- is f 1 1 hu)jAf nor the ;ouo:weaknei3;?of loVe; hot hls so mighty the inferiority of his perceptive intellect; fa ipat ;o ven of, the second woman character in the play, the Em i I ia dies v I The lew York correspondent of The Cincinnati Gazette, In a "recent letter says: While 8peaklng:of suicides :as a feature in human experiencer-- I am led to the fact that editorial ;Ufe exhibits so an exceptionWJhil0-Wfi;hiyfiJLageperai d instances of; selMnfiicted death among law. yers, bankers and mechanics, such a case has not occurred ampdgthe journalists In ble this cl ty. Onel 'may reasonably 0lh4'ulre what is the caysef of th' is exception f K Th'ey 1 labor Intensely,5 andraro' generally-and they f have-- full Jshare; of life's hardships, which they endure until their change comes in the course of nature. I. can; give no other reason, forJhis except that.the profession is constantly :busyr and' work:with anapproval of conscigngeinceltijyorka-fo- r public weal Editors,- in fact are so oc- . 'Ill-pai- d, - ; cupied with a range of thought embracing pucjlc. interest fhat they haye little. time, to . murderoui cbxcombi tyhat should. suctoa ith1 :'so : good . atwi tilt. Iuilomeo aud Juliet, the wlsb ;ahd 'entirely l?raVe stratigemof-lhe- ' wlfe'lr brbpghrto ruinotis "i33ue b.ttie heirless Impatid peg of. hirjbas Ippi do , -- . -- re-marka- til' F&:$WMr? ftlWruuV Mrs. 5 a, tJo save toerelyl)yKer pres ,SMeJI 1 ; thelr third Annual Meeting Jan. 24, 1877; He-len- fARYWiijirAMs. Preset. . OTUAUT. The. Young Ladies 'Retrenchment Asso. ?6held - Wd's-"ICiJy- ; , , Editor ExponitV" . Y ns v. r ofJesiis. cy I : , s. ob-stina- -- " narrow-mindednes- 1 ; is every day ample opportunity to observe the manifold evils arising from prejudice. How often do some of us allow ourselves to speak evil or slanderous things of those who; have proved themselves friends in the truest sense. We are too willing to believe evil of our fellow beings: and by hearing one who is bitter against anoth-othe- r, and has allowed prejudice to mislead judgment, slander them, we fancy the persons to be really as they wro represent, ed, and unfit associates for us, willing to be. lieye without trying; 10" find out 1 the real truth for ourselves; ihuSw; often wron prejudicedJteeping atadistance those who are,m&repT i 'o temperate,' profligate enf; sppke';.$,f evils of round (lancing, ' and Extravagance In dress; gave, much, good and;1 ,wtse counsel and instruction and Dore'.fattttful testimonies to the(wWkdf God. Bishop F.'lCeslr remarked tie 'yffe Jglad the. Bishops had these AssQcIations, for missionariesr are needed at'homel iido.8hbld'Ja(k 'all we cokld to stem the1 downward ctiurse-ofthe nd should be'6ar youth, of our children. Alluded to thq calamities that are coming on the earth.' and Ihe d.f Gd cpncerplng the redemption of the. IiylHg and'thp dead ; and hbw'tp pu. ri fy our tabernacles by shunning 'those things liic areTorbiden. Said hdt Sister Snow and others' were doing' a. good work and they would; have : their reward; gavepther valuable instructions an prayed God to bless! j6th yoQngJwid 6ldln fhd ftime . --- asso- imperiled tdWeatirl)yHhevfolly and of the hucbands, and redeemed at last by the Queenly aUeiicehd wfsdom of the wives. i Weasnre1 injustice of the ijudges, -- and l( thd fenpt eowandice of the brotherp ftrr ppjyd tp thiYiclorloua truth dtidamantino:)pitrity -r of atwcmanu jildnrJL :U;Uph 7 IdCoriolanus,' tho i cqothers', coansol act. . ed upon in time would havbsayed her 6n from all evil; his. momentary. Torgetfolhess of it is his ruin; hor prayerjiatlast granted, saves himnot indeed, from death, but from the curse of living, as 'the destroyer of his country. And what shialL I say of Julia, constant against the fickleness of a lover, who is a mere wicked child; of. against the petulance and insult of a careless youth; of' the, jpailence of .Herb, the passion of Beatrlce,and the patrijlydevo. ted wisdom of the uhlesson ed girl who appears among the helplessness; the blindness, and the vindicitive passions of .'men, 'as a band J XnWlnter'tfTEile and ,lCymbeIine,, the happlnpnd existence of two princely households lost through long years, and insanity vsavo his1 habit br;wrlting.'jlllj mind was thus led awayfrom' the contemplation of his miseries. Journalists are so engaged in (Aronicling the ;woes of others, that they lose sight of. their bwkii -- Weight - i'1 :M. AN INCALCULABLE WJEIG HT. tof indignation. " A " Th 0 