EXPONENT woMti 156 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. :; . evils nnd mkny ;ltyoung is a safegtiarcT against ' 1 ' ''!; ."' l"1-- '. temptations. When the utmost has been done to attain a certain point v or achieve a spefcial success, or solve some difflcuit problem; then do not go to . regretting and bemoaning if you fail,' but be .sure the failure has come through something forgotten orverlooked, something which had Knot been preconsidered. Iearn to profit by by such failures Ihey may proye more useful Wessons in life than the most complete and sig- linal success, for they may prepare and dhcij line tbefaculties and 'energies .to accomplish., some more difficult and nobler work. fuil report of their proceedings lat their ing, for publication. The presidential question has been at last settled and if not altogether satisfactorily, yet the commotion and excitement on the sub ject seems to hay sebsided. for a time, and 4. -- . toned down to a sort of quietude. It remains for the future to determine what will be there-su- it of the decision of the election:.' At any rate there is alull, and the people .have been answered in their cry "Let us have peace." The Scriptures say they shall cry peace, peace, when there is no peace." The. country is looking forward for a policy so settled and equitable that its results will bring prosperity. The people are asking for their burdens to be lightened, currency restored, and so on, but -' even the man on whom rests the heaviest re-- ; sponsibllities cannot do impossibilities, nor " succeed in effecting any public reform unless he is properly sustained by those who are his .. JLUJL A GREECE RICHARDS, : " .V:' ") ' - Editom ; ' 'rt...-..-r-..- ' 1 Terms: "One copy one year, 13.00 (tme eppy six months, Tea'ebples' ioi ' the' peireiAdrertiBiBg4,; rates; JSach square ten lines" of nonpareil epace,' one" ' j&Op'' 'A Kberardiscounl to time, tlOO;, per tndnln, w J f -- ; t V ;H regular adTertliera. South Ampler wd First Exponent Oaee; East stt eets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 15 p.mi ereiy day except Sdndayi 1.00. : 1 wnerf ? ' Address all Easiness communications to liiiPii tKHf Wl ) ? A ,I Salt Lake City,-Uta- : h HOME AFFAIRS. i GDOBaE Q. Cannon arrived in this ; city Tuesday evening March 13,in good health1 and spirits. ' Several of the brethren wenl to Ogden tomeet him : stating the year of her marriage, it shonld have read 1870, instead of 1877. yrzizi - ana-ctve-ne"c- O. of thjaci? Phatt, ? :: veHeiSovenira-f'Travelrts"""- " o-- son of Elder Orson Pratt ' TnE NEy Secretary for:Utah, Hon.' ' advanced in years at the time of her short sojourn in Salt litke-Cityet she was charming in appearance, manners and conversation. - will-give -- : 1 y, iieyi. Luckey, with his family . recently arrived in .this city, We hope his position here may be Tas propitious aa his name would uggestr jfrom jmany afferent Re ; iWTBjrerts 'lief Societies and RetrenchmehtAWc3a which we have not space for now, but wil publish as fast as practicable. We have also correspondence, poetry, essays, etc which will" all come In place in due time. r In the - last number thaapoNENT the minutes handed us for publication from the Eighth .Ward, a mistake was made in call- ine Royal B. - Young the 'Bishop's 'counselor; ' hlndranc v' Elder R. B. Young is a homo missionary but forth tho efforts continued best for bear,and pu : not counselor to ,: Bishop Sheets.! exertion, land work t steadily, diligently and Mrs. S. K.. Greene writes: from Springdale, faithfully. AVTork, constant and t earnest Is the ; Kane County,' under date of March 5th: t The : best antidote for; melancholy, an. many ptber evils which beset mankind, i Moods and incliwither is warm and bBautifulj 'lie almond and apricot trees are all nations are;ijt poor lame guides.!; Waiting or aiy nature's : aspects are pleasant and delightful The peo- Prolvdence.nr for fate to mark. .out rsomeplan for future usefulness Is notgoodpolicyi'. Oc- - n pie feel to praise God for Ills; Abuadant mfer-: I richly cifs, and to rejoice JnjIJis, blessingi caslonally perhaps there are Istrange interpo i bestowed upon them.: r i: j jbU) ;: v Bitlonsj'butmanls his own architect, 'usually fi and canuirvo out: his own future ?td a ideateit ' President idrin; W. Young and ' or less deg fee according to his capacity foV some of the: Twelve Apostles, started' on' usefulnessj and his untiring diligence and 7 ' their Journey southward,' expecilng to preach faithfutness.'iii U.UX vy vrMun iki insonieof the southern 'settlements upon the In the business kit llfe there is an fiamenso ' route to St George, and boVarrive at that city amount of sattsfict Ion tldst from conquer' n ir ' In time to be" present. at 4ne Geiieral Confer- difflcultles;' ahd'An6theV pleasure Consists' in! .f cqce and 5pedlcatldn of the 't'emplo, ' which will take place on the bth of April, t Is in yourVork Isan nlda T1' Miss E.: R. Snow- and Mrs Zina B. Yeung-;tp- aid your hart inlf4any7sr may a visit to Ogden on Tuesday, March 13th, have toloj"any clear percepiltlene ofj'duty, : '; be to would help to make the labor pleasant and eh- present at the annual meeting" of the ablel There are manyt sks "which are en, Young Ladles Retrenchment Association.1 The n joy tered upon ty men With! reluctance through assembly was a very large one and the spirit1 unavoidable clrcumstances.or contingencies and of God seemed especially manifested on the, : real triumphachlbTedJby-vigorouoccasion. The members seem earnest in their" forts niakIngtbaOefncja desire for progression and ad vancementlff all to the ; rr-p Will which resolves to succeedl, things and on all suojecti Which pertain to the Work is. the uhlversalr mission of 'nllthe of the kingdpni or God. They are ' building np hlmielf ikcalcated: Savior this 'principle in all exerting' a powerful influence in the 'cause of His teachings, and employment 'for old and reform. They will probably favor us with a e.-.!B- inj 4 . L -- rln -- t , ? in-loo- -- -- ; ; :o r - ' -- en-y-ui- ne 4 -- .To-da- y, ', r, ? , : 11 . 5 She was, during one "period of her life, considered the most popular woman in' tne United States. She was much impressed by the exertions being made here by the Women of Utah tolbecomjBsel although she was not one of tne advocates of woman's rights i among the circle in which she moved. i The youno ladies of the Twentieth Ward Retrenchment Association hal a social gathon Tuesday ering in the ward echool-housFeb27th. In the course of the even evening ; ing the of the Association," Mrs. president Sarah Howard, became the recipient of a very unexpected presentation. It was her birthday and the secretary read an address1 written for the occasion, expressing the feelings of the members of the association, and begging her. acceptance of a birthday gift, as a small token i of their esteem and appreciation of her efforts in their behalf. One of the young ladfes then presented the gift a very heat ladies work-boSo perfect was the surprise to Mrs. Howard that she was very much impressed "with such a manifestation - of affection from the youDg : ladies. The evening passed .ofE. pleasantly and was one leng to beremembereki especially by the president who has won the love and confidence of her young: frieads and associates. May she live many years to instruct them in the principles of the Gospel,and that they may ever appreciate her kind teaching' and worthy examp le is our earnest wish. - e' DeseretJSJUc AssocU- tion met in the Fireman's Hall on the 7th Inst , Mrs. Zina D. Young presiding. - ' '' Mrs. Young reported that the Instructions on silk raising were ready for the presj:ind would ' be printed by i the time of holding; our next ; meetihg.- ' She advised the members to plant out tre and cuttings, and'; to hse their influ- -: ence to have Others do' p;? expected to have all the society silk reeled by Hhd "time of next SEiiicuLTURE.-Th- e - '. f - s ' ' T ( : meeting;-- " . . x. ; -- one of the best descriptions of country and society on the continent we have ever read. She was a woman well known in what thu world terms the best society. Although she w Ingram, "were accidently killed by a r snowsllde which occurred ih Big Cottonwood ' ' : ; canon on Sunday last. Ma.the.w . . whose death we were apprised through the "Beseret News' of last evening; was one of those genial, pleasant, amiable women, whom ! Htor : Jared ; Madame Le Vebt who died recently and of" : AnV tersons writing to ,us under assumed Jigjmujrjeansie-suretheir real .names otherwise their articles will ' not be published.1 i as the main object? If any occupation is good ' enough to watraht its being undertaken at all, it fchould be dealt with in the very best manner possible and With the best grace. Take into consideration all the possibilities of disappoint- -. , men tsaWdv then deterinihe if possl blej byakl 11 J, and peWvefance to withstand Ihem, or .ward them oifj and tp bvercom ! co-worke- rs. TnE obituaryot;;Mr3. Martha A. Murray "who died in Wellsyille, a mistake occurred in , . : In There Is ah't nnato satisfaction, lo be found In the performance of 'real labor, ; mental or physical; There is a: variety of worklinithia busy world and there' are many ways and An ih cor Hflferrif partments la achfeTBafFmlQl rtW"onein centlve In the great J labor of 3ifeY especially when persons are brought Into circumstances which plara upon ihem re ligations that are uncongenial AndarduQuSIx perhaps positively distasteful. To, do this sort of worlwelj, is, good discipline, for It must be n entered upon so ardently and be done so thor- - u oughly to ensure success, that In i all probabil- ity the desire to accornpliahi it effectually will lend a force to: action,-anthe very, ardor of it -vlgori and 4nspiratron Is hot of Hope recompense really the best so- lace for arduous strangling and earnest endeav-- :: or. It should not In any wise be looked upon he-Hi'rsu ; - 'GENUINE WORKvfu -t- i -- Ho. n -- , ,k ,? -- St ; : 1 Very interesting remarks 'were also made bjJ Sisters Horno and Barney and others present Mr. P. A Schettler said he felt greatly ia-- 