W 0 M AN'S l EXP which is before usV:( - Praying : God ;td bless J ; ' all who' are interested in jZion etc; y Such reports as this and similar ones coming from all Mparts of the' territory are significant of the raturev wHicnjfif jast ;pnfoWing;i when wo&an'will Wftu.,.. f ': vv.-cmersnare an a. uo fni n sl nirfi i &ft. i? rp abotiUo; thesfc ,.;n,Vv h transpire in :TliIsis the season for all those interested irxthe silki culture tocoinmenceV if they have, not already makinjrpwparations to carry out? the vote of) the nfereriee' onUbat speciality, It is very generally believed that silk manufacture will yet be aisouTca Of 'wealth to this community. If thci sisVers Will only fake hold of this branch of bi6lneSsris Jthere capable of doirigIt Will be isure to succeed! Industry and perseverance, With He skill Utah is competent" : to furnish, having ingenious workmen from foreign, ctantries, thorough, ly . trained in many ff fihe?e departments of Ijfyyjtyft accomplish in a few years tbatf which . rp ay no w seem to :jriuid5 have .manutterlyi, si silk (ieik pattem,being made-he- fe anticipaiecl - - -- : ? ; ft'mf;ich day; i - 5 T . laces cost to add to the wardrobe of a queen. Yet these things have been done and many Koclha9;been prophesied and this pebrils jrofesstoZtyh Zion there should be the finest productions of workmaBshipj and the nations should come up to leam of beginning, anil ifc' is surely; timenow 'foi the' commencement ifweeipct tp fulfill it. ly and'fagniflcenttj-fi- i !.o ..ip'jl) , t 1 i t i i 1 f Iere.t Silk Associamet tion pursuant tojadjoummeut, Friday, May4tl?, a$ the Fireman's vIIaU,: Mrs. Home 8EBICTTTJR&T-Th- ei iv... presiding f , tbaMinie,was)asL',j,;' ,r74-- , butt ??Hd9P!JP'??dJto.ee,h. interest that was: beingpjanifete tto maie the epter-pri- se a successi ?hch at the present, lime had a good. foundation.: tit. only needed a building to wake i this one of the greatest sources of wealth to this community.s.. Mr,; Gtorgo Pyper said: that he had been very IfuocessfUl In raigln- - silk wortrisy and thought it bst not to change the fr e by giving them Wetleaves oneway and dry the next, but to adopt one or the ot her and krep tO It. - f.x:'!'it 1'l:'t WISHES ?ANX; 8GGESiy;S,' WhHfs ing, I wasf;ed.to wishlbatvbce kerpers would have the good, taste and gcod judgment, not to try the experiment of domesticating their rbf es in so cloge proximity (0, neighbors that orch-arbeTnfested gardens, .and houtes-mu- st d, Few arsons are more fond of iioney than ' y-..- , g How corApletely devoted-Elx- i ' Z-.'- l 12th and 13th Sudaytajr of ; i- : : . sjdent John W. Young offered up.the opening prayer. Duilrig this Conference, the people have been exhorted most earnestly to live their religion more faithfully and' devote their time and energies to.tbe. building up of the kingdom - , iL-rof God upon the earth. President Brigham Young has preached con? siderable during the Conference on.allpraciicai subjects pertaining to the Interests and Welfare 1 of Zion, entreating the people to keep the Sabbath day holy and to observe ;the covenants, they have enter d Into, .Some, missionaries have been called, mostly to Arizona. . ? . . ABOUT TflE , , 14ITERATJ,, 'The ytary.pf Gaiiieo-- ' h.as justtbeen, published in, Rome, contains ea . pf Prof. Dpminico Berti, who Btudied in tKe Vatican oandr;tth the subject. The original papers are for the first time. Their history now-publishe- , d is peculiar." Napoleon , once ordered them to be printed but Tori some reason it was neyerdone5 The, original documents are said to be contained in a book with a faded green cover. One proof of their authentic-- 1 ity b they agree with Galileo letters wijh the. fact& of hii life.andith !otef dbcu- -. ments wltich havef beehj discQvfed, and t with the copies rqaclerin the register of the hpl'jf Qflice'af Rbme. Galileo after the of his first book, the Manjla 6 lOweri tto pmavit htho;deaire piibll-.-cati- , on voider-.;--fo-ir- fi to have his studies sanctioned bylthe priests., and jColfeglo Rqm erles of the lelescppe arid (he sattclites oi Jupl ter won'sp taach admiratipn. fipm th 0 greatest men in jpover that it attracted the attehtlbn'of the'InnuisM larmino commericea a )persbcutiorlarifn0J., him, saying his docjtrfnes,! rig'iiyclopedia ; ; . Scripture. The "svrc: r V.K . . ; ,. Inquisition :j : r at his iuiu 7: ; , u .Jil. .j.' i j Aywestjeen paper says; JWanted at llus .office an editor who fpieQ.V;eyBryb6'y. Also, a foreman who .cah;Bp arrange the pat per as to allow every man's adyeriiseinen ' '! ; ;t6 head the column.', ", w . . . r. , . - '' A' woman hearing a 'great ' deri Thereby; he reniT;: Owo' cups ard sweetness, and thiyt full 0f 8nortcning',one loveliness upon her emlpQ gaieratas, .two tablc-l- y " he . warbles ; in surpooa alamone-teaspoo- n charming away her m the shortening; put half fcef happy 'by notes galeratuj and half on the A If 'the lesion given ; . inter-feare- d, : , ? tjie yeople belonging to this Stake oX Ziou commeucedilja- - the New .TabrnacieTere.-wer- e Elrst Preidency,j. Brigham Young, John W Young, and Paniel 1I Welli- - Of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles there were seven,: the Patriarch of the Church, John Smithr' Preld. ihg Bishop,. EdWard Hunter, someof the Pres dents of Seventies, and of the" Quorum of the High Priesthood arid the Presidency of tfc U Stake of Zion, with many resident Bishop arid Elders of the Church from different parts of ': l " the Territory. ' ; ;i7' called the Prest Young congregation to or s : 1 a Special ponference t pl-i- The meet ing ;was nakq addrerscd by Mrs, J "'"P Adjcmmed until th'e firatrridayjn JuneV ,J It Simpson; Secretary. On ;&turd&y 'and . : - TWO DAYSl MEETING. ans-wer,"'- you she '- -i SPECIAL CONFERENCE8- -- jThe people rabingapd manufacturing . ; be-willin- Clarkof;:Faritiingtourj w0$vi byMr. Jo- useloIauh and r ? plagues entered the ojen window; and without waiting to see whether we would offer them an invitation to dine with us or notjlhey-seatethemselves comfortably upon the edge of a dish of honey in the middle of the table. When they began sipping .daintily from: royr: favorite dish, I raised aoobjection and tried to make them u n derst and that thei r company was not desired in our. house. They refused to comprehend, or at least to comply , with my wish for them to leave. So my husband and finally succeeded in driving the Jitoe.maraudexajout thrjoughthfrsam window-the- y had entered; but not until he had received a slight wound from one of their weapons of defense, and broken a pane7 of glass. That meal was by no means the rOnly onle wliich was made uncomfortable for us, by the invasions of our neghbors, aucy bees. It seems to me that a veiy good plan would be to have ah! apiary conducted far enough moaway from town to warrant security lestation by the bees, to the inhabitants in general of the city; and extensive enough to g with the ' supply; this honey-lovincommunity t . ' . . delicate sweet. The roses will soon be. blooming In abiind ance. I w isb that mothers would teach their children that althoiigh it is Bot so dishonest to beg as to stear, it Js .almost as contempt! bterr It is trying to get. something without earning it or paying for it, and is a practice that children should be taught to abhor. What woman to leave her work twenty could times a day to answer the summons from some? bodyfs child that? f he knows nothing about,' "Please ma'am will you give me a ros?,, And If vdthout going W wait upon them, you may take one," almost any of' these little rose beggers will fill hat s aprons or whatever will carry i them, with the most choice; ro?os and buds they can find on your bushes. ' . Children should bs taught, that people who have fine roses' and flowergardena have to work hard to take caie of them or pay garden--er- s for doing so. And that if they have flow-er- s to give away, they most likely have dear, friends to whom they prefer giving them. Watching and listening to the happy birds that came with the joyous'spfing, reminds me of a chapter once jead from a book written by an old and wise man. I never think of it wltboat also thinking, it is a chapter which very many young men would do well to read and heed. A portion pf it is as follows:, "Husbands and fathers d o stop your d ri ve, 0 cup y drive, hurry, huriyj JoDg enough to duty to your wives and VhildrenJa raisins, one ter those dear little birds. Tjaspoonful of sal- themselves a pretty home, earn of tartar,. spice " filling it;wUh eggs. How "iig to yqur judgoient, tip attentions her consort .t. This cake can be , 1 : only be learned and its ImpoHAnce realized by all our youug husbanda and fathers, what a noble generation might be reared up' by the Ions and daughters of Israeli ;: vrra, . ; 1 Mrs. Horde leaid ehe wxis well satisfied with: the succeed of Jthe Association, - Was pleased to pee so many present a, proof that we were prd greasing, and we had no'ined to doufct any seph Satfie) d, pf the ihwfi . "... -- u; longer that silk could be raised and manufaV tured here, as the evidence was" be fore, us. She referred to the silk dressr which had been raised,' reeled, and twisted" Sjster Napcy A. myself; but I would prefer to have it extracted from fields of buckwheat raided for : the pur-pos-ey rather thah from my pears, peachesap- pies; &c, while they are in blossom. ; I know tnat honey bees are always Held up as patterns of industry;' but as. for politeness a hoBestyv they are imbued with these about as mucji as. a cross cow might le, when left to wal through the street and pick her living, : "where she can find it. .'; , One day last summer when we were sitting down to dinner, several of these useful little f-o- m , 4 N UN Tv :, ra fttwr-wmnnrTa- O . ., , , , 1 'deal said of experl. preserved autumn leaves, tried the Aftheni. of few a ment by putting- up jars - " -- ters" time she said to a neighbor she might tvnli'hfrvo thrownawav the sucrar, for she A was sure- - they never were going to he fit to taw iirri:,:'- I f. n vi j vol tV' . - 1 ' 