k N'S WO STOBINQ GRAIN Fairfield Sevier MOTHER. Apr. 5, 77. Co. , ; viUjpcIaifGfr.to give some information . concerning the progress of pur society; wo-assure you tho sisters .of Fairfield are not altogether deadf although so long unheard from. "VV e read with surprise the instructions when first given, through ;tho Expoup nent for theHeUef Societies to .store Grain, and our hearts were filled with a trirV desire' to obey the call from the verier-abl- e leader of our ohurch;.it is a proof of I - . !. : . 4 i i i - berei ; our-Soci- ety very thankful and trust in Ihe Lord for continued success. Desiring the wellare pL Ziori, we are your sisters in the Covenant u. C. Petersen. Prest. ; ' . Anderson, Fort, Apr. OEDAit; Editor Exponent;- " - ' SecTy. ' 13, 1877. - The Relief Society of this place have been persevering in storing grain, we have nearly one hundred bushels of wheat; the Young. Ladies Association donated generously towards it. Bishop Cook has kindly loaned us a bin in the Tithing JOfiice, until we can ;get one. of our. ownj prepared, which we intend doing as Soon as possible: ' We have donated twenty-thre- e dollars our Temple, and : a i:copsiderabIe sum towards gathering trie poor from other lands "Although We are remote" from the presidency of the;;ctoch still we are" doing all we can to be one with our sisters in working for, and gaining' Inheritances in Zion. We are not personally , acquainted with our'jsisters who preside Att Salt Iiako City, yet wg feel drawn towards them in lovei,and good wishes for ; we are all striving- for tho same object, viz. a salvation in r the. kingdom bt God.. The Exponent is ever hailed with pleasure as a counselor and friend; wishing it success, I 8ubscribd"imyself your sister In the gospel, to-war- : , . " -- ; 10 ; nULiNDA:XJooKBec,y. their-indoor, breath-deprivin- : beyond thciru-- . trol; many others because they, haTO lived without regard to the conditions on which Health depends. Having the care-othey have, either inadvertently or cUrylessly ; ' . The criminal on tho icaffold has. suf-hopiinsfi his bad deeds would cause a pang in mother's heart, .The 1 J ds HOUSEHOLD HINTS. ' " - " . r , as you like, and flour according to your judgment, kept well lor, six months. lSPiTER!3nT . ..:;? -- :i!lAttellXivingvAgerrof:Aprv r tains a literary parallel of .Daniel peronda's ixiOst:;preeiou3 diarnonij in tmolher.;The vthe world is Said to bo the Pitt; Diamond," it is now valued at $l,000,OQO.?....Tho: Mlvin. tergarten1; publishers, New , York,.,have is. sued si new work entitled? !ThQ Cyclopedia v - Vu ,i V.P' n-S- i western paper ,says; waniea ai . mw can. please' every My. Also, a foreman who cah sp 'arrange the pa.;, as to allow every man's 'Ybtiiseicnt "pr '1' "to head the column.??;; rr V office an editor-wh- o , Thb cake etnbe "; A' woman hearing a great - deal- said of OxpeH. preserved autumn leaves, triedofthe a theni. few Jars ment by putting up a time she said to a neighbor Bhe might - M Ex. cups sugar, two cups one. molasses, two cups Ecant full of shortening, .two cup hot water, one iablespoon saleratas, alam,'0ne tfiasppon teaspoon ' in the shteolng; put half S3ft if there is .none of the water on the saleratas and, half on tho Ginger 1 . one-ha- lf right Tlie.'begin. is ning of wisdom" in the treatment bfjjiscasb in tha tendency the recognition of this ' come. not does human1 body; IllriCsi uncaused ill? " Every invalid should inquire: "Why am The and, finding the cause- - should remove words of ecripiuro contain a, 'remedy for human ills whicn is nearer a universal panacea than ady ' It is' this: which chemists have discovered. Ceasc to do evil: leam to do wehV ' vv r! at- ; "of Education:! Mother's Fruit CakeOno cup of butkr; two , cup of molasses, one cup cups of sugar, of sweet milk, one pound of chopped raisins, oqe of cup of currants, four ggs, one teaspoonful eratus- - two teaspoonfol3 of "cream, of.tartar,.spicc live, cups being nearly ' it f t ! I fi Waverly Magazine hork;'The human' bf aha6e Kftfrinir' aiid wonderiul bower it often show wheri lgiveW self-heali-ng '- FbankBehry. -- swJ . hftrefia-- abode of sin; have died with that dear and never to be forgotten namo, on thir lips. There is no praise like her praise, there are no sad tears .that pain us as much as ; TDwny strings that th6r music of life, instead Jf heing; harnioni- ous nd bcwmerdl Is there a remedy for all Uiese ills? " For ome there is; spine caskis1 are .'tob'far'jncVaojnvca-seisunswprihy;' they. Imtf sound parts tut so 'many timbers, are rotten5, and soL many strained wwimw-.mmust, UO auauuuu paiTS-l- v ,v rs t'have been so abuseu fr i Wlast hundred fliotuw..riL44j'L paif They' must inevitably soon be cast upon the iherols lifb 4mL vStfll, asit 'tfsaidf" while macMne'W 'Self'.re. -- - , or - brokent) m , all-embraci- ng -- : strainedrmutilatedr r drag you er over you, vexations come, stands ever. who Ldownj- - but there i3ihe firm in your cause, who will never leave 4 -- causes m "A harp of thousand Btrinjrs, believes you. ill-fro- f throw no prison wall affect v And a lad grows to be a man only to find that "mother" is the same. If he errs, she weeps; if he is good and manly, she re. U joicei Hers is the only love that lasts endures forever. The wolf of starvation may enter the door, but her love is only tried to shine the brighter. All "the world may call iiuotl irfals niyteyeiyjother rum g; allclassesara . " Thank God, then, reader, that we have kind, loving, and affectionate mothers: How, pleasant it is in after life, to : recall those fond; recollections jvhen we used to sit on her knee and hear her singuVthose all. sweet, dear old sohg3 so iamiliar to Earthly things may pass away ahd be forlove of gotten, but the good, mother will never be; forgotten on earth or in heaven. . F. Tbo absence of; emplpymeats rhlch; 1 ilovolop strength of body and brain puts womett at a ;dis- artificial Myqs,i with advantage, and dresses, fob"! many orthe blusk or Loalth before they, arc: twenty. i Many among v ( We feel HYGIENIC N0TES.7 words of a mother; and there is built up in what little cash wo had at seventy.five cents per bushel, and exchanged with oats, and so on;Jsome of the sistera donated of their gleaulnga, or solicited their husbands for donations of what nuie mvy uv and in f various ways added to our store. Then we petitioned the rBoard of Directors of the "United Ordertts had4 credit there to the amount of, one hundred and forty-on- e dollars, which was counten-- ! anced hyour.Bishop who acted very nobly and kindly and used his influence in behalf of the sistersj our petition was granted, ' and theamount paid out to us in wheat, at Own price; -- the heart of every man an edifice1 of love and respect that no crime of his can over- deed heard our prayers and blessed :bur labors, and we have now stored up about two hundred bushels of wheat, and five hundred pounds of flour and we keep adding to it; at first we bought the wheat with their f" -- weakh&tiieiiiMirig, grow;3tnnrgerry ffi'e guidance of a mother's love. The little - wounds; the torn clothes,, the headaches a nd ; heartaches, the trials, all vanish at the conidudeoTwe voulcl make an effort, trusting in God for its success, and He has in- - es : : -- - puUaiji. of the infant" just from ihe t veryjim they work faithfully in the United Order , for which we arejthankul j yet we were not. light-brow- po-tato- sing to me! Rock metell me stories." It i r is always "mother" with the child no one like mother; no hand that iinLlad; falls on the fevered brow as softly as'lifers; no so soothing as those that pass her lips; the house would be a grave without her; life ' would be a dreary, thorny road without her warning voice and ever .guiding hand. A father may be kind, may love not less, but the wearied child wants the mother's arms, her soft lullaby songs, the caresses of her gentle hand. All childhood is a mixture of sunshine and shadow. A kind word brings a smile, a harsh word a sigh. The first footsteps, sistersand we ought Roll theia to a medium thickness and bake n in a quick oyen. . ; ' Soft Hop YeastPare six medium-size- d and boil iu two quarts of water, when they are doue niee. over them a pint of flour then mash together. Tie a handful of hops ltffa cloth and boil about r twenty minutes in i. tho water the potatoes were cooked in; then take out tho hops and pour the i water on the potatoes and flour.' Stir well and 7 hen nearly cool, stir in two good yeast" cakes -- "which have been tfs ; Keep; warm till it isivery light; thn set iu ifcel. cool some placo where' ! it Trill ibt frehc. V:Iar,br' Bread can bo madewith this yeastmucUibkeT and better than if started with a yeast cake. Oue foacripful is sufflcicnt ror three or four Joaves.: cradle; it is the only balm that will heal the Wounded heart in youthful days. "Mother, I'm hurt!" "Mother, I'm tired I'' "Mother, to rise up in our might, yet with all humil. ity toengage in this noble enterprise remembering that thereby we shall bo able to make restitution for past wrongs, for had we as a general ;;thing beenrobedient and wise, iniich more could', have been accom-plishe- d towards the building up of Zion. The sisters here felt almost disheartened at first, Qur'reatiy means in the society was satisfied, ior a '.Holy anirela guard tby bed: Heavenly blessings,' without.munber, , Gently falling- - on thy head.'' It is tho cry . . hisjMnffdenceJn: 'the' alum. wHu3hi my babe, He still and slumber. :iy" ' r' ElDlTOB EXPONENT EX p ONE NT. A? Cookiesi-Tw- o Af-ter- ,ronc -- as well have thrownaway the sugar,, for .she was sure-- they never wero going to ho fi t to 5 . n i vol y 