WO'M&'N S 13XPO NE N'T . -- EXPONENT. llICJfAIlDS, Editors. A. WELLS. Lake City, Utah. one one One Tern:?: year, $2.00; copy copy six months, 1,0). Tea copies for the price of nine. Adrertislng rales; Each square, ten llnesv of nonpareil space, one PuMshcd semi-monthl- In-S- alt y, regular adrertlsers. Exponent Office, corner f South Temple, and First Eaststiccts, opposite Eaglo Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday, t ' : Address all baslness communications to Publishers JWoman's Exponkict, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, JAN, 1, 1877. - COMPLIMENTS. " .' r ' The following came by Deseret Telegraph: "St. Geo roe, Dec. 244 1876. j Friends and elsewhere: "My Family and at Salt Lake "The coupliments of the season; wishing you all a 'Merry Christmas' and 'Happy New Ytar.' May you liye to accomplish the work given you to do of our Heavenly Father, and I pray you may do it faithfully, that you may be prepared to dwell eternally in the heavens. May God grant it. Amen, . "Brio u ah Young.' THE PAST AND PRESENT. Some wiseacres say "live hi the present," yet it is natural to look backward at certain times, and wonder too, what the future will be, ami draw comparisons between that which was, and that which is, and form from these certain significant, though perhaps unreliable 'ance brought to bear agMnst right. What pow ts there left that caQ-b- e madeitoactand-aver- t the terrible calamities that seem about to overtake the nation. The past year has been one of unusual note In many respects. The Centennial year of American Independence has been marked by many strange incidents and fearful diJem mas in different parts of the earth; therefore the contemplation of it as It passes awayand takes 1U rank among its predecessors, gives thinking people questions to solve that puzzle the etoutest brain and the quickest intellect. They are amazed at the events which are transpiring and wonder what the future will bring abauL Naturally enough some try to believe that a change of politics might quell many disturbances and allay some of the grievances here in the United States; others that an empire or kingdom would be mere suited to the condition of the various peoples who have gathered here under the protection of a government that seemed to possess all the elements and strength necessary to maintain justice and equal lights for all, Jew or Jenti'e, black or white. The words of the Savior in. the New Testament show plainly that in the last days men should hasten to destruction, that the time would be so short that great events would follow each other quickly; this seems to have been particularly the case during the year cow past. "Men hurrying to and fro," is not this scripture literally fulfilled? To what the great is tending the world and t do not discern, but the times are ominous, if not prophetic, even to them. Many who do not comprehend e'early the "signs of the times" are looking Jo this year and the. new administration as an augury of auspicious rising, but "Alas for my poor country' as has been sung in other lands, unless some all powerful hand is reached forth in mercy tesave soon will this sentiment so pathetically significant ret cho through America. universal-excitemen- ' conclusions- - Another year has told its tale,1 delivered up its record and scaled It in the 'archives of the past until the great day of reckoning and be the record good or evil In' the balance, it must stand it is gone beyond recall. Every thought, ful person must have serio-j- reflections, as he or she enters upon each successive year, perchance like thi?, have the deeds of the fast been such as may be disclosed without the bluh of shame? How is it with this nation, the glorious land of liberty and freedom? What has brought disunion and discord into the halls of the Capitol? Have the sins of the people gone before them to judgment, and is the Lord pouring out upon the nation the vials of Hi wrath? Verily it seemeth so. From the east and west, north and fouth, the cry of dishonesty, Injustice, oppression and all the evil results cf wrong-doinare echoed forth until "the ear is pained' and the soul sickened with tho recital of wrongs. Inevitable are the consequences which result from the breaking of GoJ's commandments and rejecting the Gospel of His Son. In the unchangeable and Immutable laws of nature, causes produce effects', and thU nation have sewed the wind and must reap tho whirlwind. There are times when national matters, as well as many others of a loss grave nature,eein to have reached a climar, where they require some direct and powerful force or agency to act upon them, to bring them into subjection or even to rend them asunder. Wrongs and s seem to have been accumulating in the affairs of this nation until the wit and wisdom or tho most profound statesman and diplomatist seems iucqmratib'e with the resist- s g mis-take- A :Jef HOME AFFAIRS. Correction. In a former issue the report of the Manti Relief Society investing two hundred thousand dollars in starling a small store, should have read two hundred dollars. Wfl have many articles contributed to our columns that we had not room to publish in the present number. We cordially thank our contributors for their favors and hope to merit their future efforts. We anticipated furnishing an articie for this issue giving our ideas on Surplus Women, but had notspace,so must defer it until Jan 15. It is a subject which has many bearings and ought to be fully tiescauted upon: We would be glad to hear from some of our correspondents on this subject. A Happy New Year to our patrons and friends and especially the little folks. The Centennial Christmas has come and gone, and the people have feasted, and rejoiced In the song and dance, and in the various amusements which characterize the "Winter Holidays." For this people there seems to have been an abundance of good things and to spare. Surely those upon whom profperity has lavished her bounties have bestowed liberally and made glad the hearts of the poor. A universal song and prayer of.gra'itude should arisa from all hearts to the Most High, who has ciused the earth to yield rich harvests, 'the desert to b!o35om as the rose."' If the' asints forget the Giver In the day of prosperity, He will not Jend ajlatening ear In o adversity. tyy pf singulvardreaMX We have been requested by sister Diantha to publish the following dream; the lady who had this singular dream is the daughter of the late Elder Isaac Morley. Sanpete Manti, - - Co-De- ai: Aunt Diantita: 0 ' - I have had quite a curious dream and I should like to tell it you in' person, but as I cannot do that I will write it; I have had a strange feeling ever since, I do not know what H can mean. I will try anil describe to you what I saw in the heavens. I thought it was evening and I was outJookicgat the stars, all at once I saw something moving in the sky, I watched it until it formed a circle, and in this circle was inscribed, "God and 1888, or 7 or 5," I cannot tell which, but It was one of these three. I called my mother, she came and we watched together, and outside this circle other circles formed until there was a large complete diagram as it were, interlined regularly at intervals. It seemed to coyer a place larger thsn our house. I started to call my husband and others to look, when ray mother said hush! the Lord is coming and we have no oil in the lamp, and I said, oh mother what have I done that I feel so bad, and my mother said again hush! the Lord is coming, and this means worlds without end; and as we stood there, reading seemed to form all over the circles formed in this diagram, in red and brown colors. And then I dreamed I went into the house and woke the folks up, and felt so bad because there was no oil, and the skv ail seemed to become a dark brown with a border of red, and to come closer and closer to the earth or to us, and it covered the whole wide canopy of the skies wilh reading all over it. Then I heard the sweetest singing I ever heard in all my life, and mother saying "The end is near, the Lord cometh worlds without end;" and I awoke. At first I could have told what all the figures were, but I cannot remember them now. I would like to know if it is a warning, or what it means. , : Mary L M; Hansen, DESTITUTION IN SCR ANTON, PA. HUNGER AND DISTRESS AMONG THE UNEMPLOYED. FEARS OF FAMINE ENTERTAINED. The condition of affairs among the poor people of the coal regions is assuming an alarming aspect Thousand?", who have neither work nor bread, nor the prosjiect of obtaining any for themselves and families, are on the verge of starvatipn and dlo not know what to do or which way to turn. The' destitution U and d,stTessIuS and Is not confined to laboring classes alone, as there are numbers of skilled mechanics who have been idle for many months and whose little store has long since been exhausted. ..There are hundreds of families In and, about Scran ton, and nqt in this city alone, but In every settlement tbropghout the coal regions, who do not k ow where to get today's dlHner, and who would le shivering by cheerless firtides were' it not for the heaps of coal ,du lie scattered the along valley, and,, from? which- they, draw their supply of fuel, such as it V. &o many poor people,or suph iuteusa downright despairing distress has not been: sWu in this section qf the country for many years. It is actually painful to witness the want and eorrow extant. wide-8iCa- d ' i - . 