I . If. forward; the peach trees are InHull bloom be and if thejrosts only keep off, there-wi- ll a greaTqaahtity of fruit,-ts ; ;tl' the" all efforts bless wilt Lord PrayidgHhe of Ills faithful saints, I remain, '.Wt, r - Your sister in peace, thegospelof . : y .i :' -- , JIoukd Eort, March, Editors 'Exponent: 'The4 Mound ' : ; 'v'-.M. meetings which, considering, our scattered - condition, are well attended; The sisters feel well, take an interest In all matters of a public and general' nature, which tend to the idevelop-meof good, rejoice in talking to each -- -- delight in devising me ins and; laboring to assist the pool and folbuild up the kingdom ' :; , " of Ood;i! ; , Our Financial Rerrt up to January 29, - y-- 1877, shows theT following: Beceipts in cash, merchandise and make politicians, demagogues and filibusters and the like who are a superfluity in the body politic Could we be rid of them also, we should speedily have a united and prosperous people, an Unexceptionable civii service, a model pot-hous- 8undiyarticles.V:;t;;v i On Spring Lake, March 21st, 1877. C2.59 Disbursements;;....... handi.V.;......... .1 claim no originality lor was suggested, of course, by Mrs. "Superfluous Vomen;,, fbut1 aside from the qualifying adjective, her "Superfluous .Women" and my "Superfluous Mon" ; - Your si8tersinthe.3cpel'--"-SusaMoore, President, ' Mary Farr, v Annie Taylor, i I Counselors. Annie D. Taylor, Secretary, ' " Bountiful, ' . Editor Exponent It is now some time1 si nee you heard from us so 1 thought a few lines would not bo 'out of place. Miss E. R. Snow; Mrs. Zina D. Young, & S. Barney, and Presindia Kimball, visited us last fail; they spoke, on the truths of the Gospel and home manufacture; showed ty branches.of' home industry; so; that we may become a people, and when Babylon foils; wfr may not be ' left without ' resources. They brought a good spirit in in our midst, since then our meetings have kept on increasing, and the eplrit'of Q6d has been wilJ us; we , have been : greatly blessed in many ways; we 'have' been' able self-sustainin- of-sus- ngntr taini g . to put the root on-ou- r Belie! ocIetyHalI, have also got the. flooring laid, so that we can have the use of it. We are endeav llP& ringtacirri6u sel, by storing grain; the sisters seem to have the spirit of their mission, and have freelTesponded tothe call made of them; We are also Interested Mnrthe silk ttilturo and hope to see a great many trees set out this spring; and ffiome ' silk : worms raised ; we are having a ribbon loom made which . will sodtf b& ready 'for use, hoping that it will be an Inducement to the sisters to ralso the silk. : r-I wish to say a word In favor of 'the Young Ladles, Retrenchment . .Association.,, The have a faithful 'presidentin Mrs; Bri san Qrant, and hold, their meetings every ; i -- without th'em.'-:v-iQI Of these I will :mention first theloaf-er-s. Th is is a large class comprisi ng many grades from the tramp to the genteel loafer who belongs to a club and smokes the - best Ilavannas, but they all have the same general characteristics.. :TJiey are lazy,' they have no visible means of support and like the man who, being orought before the Po-lice Court and Interrogated as to his busi.. ness, replied that his wife was a ilress-mak- er, a large number are dependent on self-sacfiling wiyes, mothers and; I sisters. iThey twirl their canes and their mustaches they gossip, they flirt, they expectorate, they stand on the street, corners, they frequent drinking ' saloons, and all places of high and low resort, they gamble, they pet, they, talk; politics, they vote (oh hard--wprki- i .a supertiu-ousTheyadd;;-nothing:- ;to ;-- - : i -- . - ' au-thoflB- ees 1 ng any, kind of honest industry According to all rules qf political economy this largo claisyt rionVproucqrs. are entirely the wealth or ! well?being.!of tfie Jiation but stand .outside j all Its great needs and interests. 2. Habitual liquor drinkers and cbhfirmod ; drunkards. While there.' U life there ;is, hope Is doubtless true of drunkards as of ; invalids,1 but it Seems to required almostf a miracle to eradicate' the appetite 'fbr strong drink when once firmly established. Think of the demoralizing influence of this loathsome mass of humanity, the misery of ' v hen lt ganTrnew era in Alfred came Caroling out of Lincolnshire. And since ho has devoted his life exclusively to his calling. Having once discovered the divine 'gift in Ills wallet- - he has never neglected or slighted his charge. Tennyson as a poet adds industry to inspire ation;- Not running- - to publishers with quickly created verses, ho leavos them out until he has given them the virtue of tho fullest pbsssible excellence. His motto has ever been "Berlcction or Silence.? ; With some writers poetry is an employment, with Tennyson li is an existence. ana xennyson's rKnowieago-is-extens- ive abreast ho science of keeps fully great In the times; he is a. master of philosophy as ; well as poesy; and I in botany he is almost' without a peer. . His knowledge is exact As' well asr Huxley he is the very jgeriius of . veriflcatibn.7;,It:IsTerinysons ter writing a poem, to have it put into type, carefully corrected and then put away for comes when the years, until the time fit' to have it published. His egotism has :oflenbeenjjo - ? characterlstieT is, their aversion to ' : ? ng on6tdistin-gulshi- to-da- y .7'... -- ri e3rlyand-0ften),t-ithe- lr ; - U,:;r . : " the-nec- essi I count of their number, but their character, they are superfluous in tlie senso that they are useless, a hindrance rather, than a help to society and the world would bp better oft ' March 31, 1877. x Alfred Ten nyson is the of verse. monarch,;the sovereign English " I havolnimlnd,(are superfluous in6tlxm,aci Mary C. BarkerTreasurer. " ALFBED TENNYSON. t:.iuO have nothing in coraraoni5 The world would d the' loser if those superfluous! women."f mostlyl earncHt, helpful workers in the quiet walks of life, should . suddenly drop out of it, while ,tho; men, I m-u A;E.JDickenson. Woman's Journal. Liver-raore- 's - : It y caption. ic and a modern Utopia with all the modern improvements including Impartial buii rage J SUPEBFLUOUS MEN. r Towards purchasing silk- - machinery sev- erai sisters , have subscribed, in. the. aggregate $7; 00, and they intend to 'make up their respective amounts to $5.00 shares! The Exponent is taken by quite a number of our Society iind read with great in terest. .. Ever praying the Lord to bless m yeii iny6urJabors,.we remain office- Be-publ- -- 24.68 e -seekers,, .'j--::S":"- $8727 life-bloo- d; mijjennialiaget 4. Again, there is a multitude of blatant good f s,' y takllvelyBterestinbelping5! the Society a blessing. We have nqt been able yet to lay up much grain but' expect to start in a the present year this direction . . licen-Wou- T-th- e. . nt are the o -- , otheron thaprlnd ;.... On tbe j teacher of our precinct school, by the misses ,'of her school. A number of her friends' were invited and all -- who- participated seemed to enjoy themselves.- - She was the recipient of several presents. . The Belief Society here, under the presidency of Mrs.. 'Elizabeth Broad ben t is steadily growing and all the sisters seem td ly , ' qunandFirstresJde Lake Belief Societies and n. , J. s Lake cttyrand MrsJane aBlchkraT'of Ogden. , The Society now numbers thirty-seveWe, hold ' . 3: Closely: allied to theso the debauchees, the moral lepers of community, whose touch rs pollution, whose breath is pestilential and who, besides their every day pernicious influence are entailing,' upon future generations the horrible jresui i3jjLiheitvici0UA 11 ves. . If the first: clacs mentioned ai-rh herfl u. are worse. far qus these, The first may bo to barnacles on the ship of state compared last two are leeches drawing the from the social body and poisoning the whole Circulation j taken together,-theare the dragsland dreg3 of our civilization. Could they alt feuddonly - blotted durof existence vhy a 'series o( - discriminating earthquakes or accidents, what an incubus would bo removed from society; how would the atmosphere be purified, and progress and reform make slant strides towards n. the Evening of Tuedayi .March 20th, a surprise birtnday party-watendered."trs.-Elizabeth StickneyPf esident ttthe Binta or- y semi-month- and diseased constitutions! '::) SecyF : members, on the ganized with twenty-si- x 29th of January, 1874, by Miss E. B. Snow, . of Mrs. Zina D. Young-assisted,-bf Salt ; I '';4' GarterI ' Yours &C, EDITOS EXFONENTr Fort Relief &6ciety was . - . ljaiier-aa- y ings. jL: ' fcttAo 8 th ,1 877. " ; wives and families the poverty, the desti tution, the crime, the little children continually brought into being by these wretched fathers to inherit their morbid 'appetites great interest in mis worK, aiioyare faithful in attending; their meet - Secretary. ; 183 two weeks. They aranow editing a paper called the Young Ladies Companion, which is both instructive .and interesting; they . also read good selections when they assemble together and : most. oft them ; sqem to . " i t WOMAN'S EXPONENT. I magnlficehUiere'isnoth it- - He is mean about always altering his for the better . Willis verses, ;:butr ever ooco said iti that habitually felicitous man ner of his, that? a literary reputation could only be huilt up, like the wails of Jerusato plaster., lem, with a trowel in one hand In sword a the other to in friends, and smite down foes. But Tennyson has been as a ri4le, supremely scornful and regardless of all his critics. "The Pulpit of the Day." - says Jean Paul Bitcher, the best schoolmaster, but the school fees "Experience? "is are somewhat heavy." 