Mlil'S 7 Vol. 19. - i : - CONTENTS. Some of the Beauties of Nature, Ida Hoag. Aunt Lu's Story. iThe Woman's Congress. Rural Letters, Lula; The Fulfillment of Proph ecy, Mary Ann M. Pratt. R. S. Reports, St. John's San Luis. Primary Associations of Utah Stake. The Higher Education of Women, Mrs. Eddy. Notes and News. ' Obituaries.. Conference. Editorial; --- Declaration ; Editorial NotesThe Relief Society keport. Letter From a Friend, Mary S. Burnham. A family Gathering, A. C. W. Utah Ter. W. S. A. Convention. Woman's Rights, S. W. Richards. Poetry: Back to Other Days, Lucy. Autumnal Musings, E. B. W. al e an-open- No. 0. Woodland home which is noted for its sweet ness and simplicity of its scenery: our little valley is indeed beautifulr Damo Nature has donned her exquUite coloring of rich Autumnal tints. Standing on what is called Kamas bench and looking ou the valley beneath through which flows, the prttty winding Provo river,which can be steu now and then through an opening of some brush or .trees, the Umg a clusters of fall flowers,the neat comfort able homes to be Keen here and there,all unite to form a beautiful landscape pleasing to the eye and gratifying to the lover of nature. The citizens of Woodland are industrious and I believe happy. The Relief Society, Young Ladies Association and Primary are progressing. The officers and .members of each association are seemingly united and working diligently for one purpose that of the u pbuildiug of .the Church and kingdom of Bwetping-imraiows-dotte- ing . God. ' . , Trusting that I have not wearied you by an overflow of sentiment and believing in your intense love of the beautiful in nature, I remain your Sister in the Gospel of peace and Salvation. Ida Uoag. " It seemed that sorrow could not fling, One' sliado6Vr"ar$e1wt1iite thine, So like the early flowers of Spring, Born but for love and Summer time. Thy girihood eame;oh what df eaint A fairy dream, life seemed to thee, As- - gazingdown - No rocks or quicksands could'st thou see. , Earth, "seemed an Eden, and thine eye, Saw not the thorns, amid the flowers, No cloud obscured the clear blue sky. No sorrow clogged the hours. But now thy girlhood days have flown, With noiseless footsteps they djjpart, And years with many cares have thrown, Some shadows o'er thy trusting heart. Life is not all the sunny vision, That fancy in thy childhood drew, Of fadeless flowers.of scenes Elysian, Of friends the faithful and the true. , The fairest rose has sharpest thorn, And thou hast learned the sadden'd story ' - : e . light-winge- d, - - ments. That clouds oft dim the sun's .bright glory, Tho' thy sunniest days are o'er, - - The happiest, are thine I ween. Far off on life's dim sounding shore, Bright forms of love and life are seen; I would not mar one bright emotion. Of such a trusting heart as thine, . For well I know that heart's devotion, Is laid upon a worthy shrine. IJght glide thy barque adowcr life's sea, With earth's and heaven's rich treasures laden. May every danger flee from thee, f Till thou hast gained the eternal haven, -- ; Lucy. SOME OF NATURE'S BE AU TIES' A few weeks ago returning from a up one of our beautiful canyon3 "the trip thought occured to me, that a description of it even in my weak way might prove interesting " to you. r"A wanypale 4r'-'-- . moon was shedding ; its' spectral the moaning, wailing light,I which together with t auu nownng or me wma causea a snuuder to .1 1 ? till- O , d " During one of these strolls, I was suddenly confronted with a scene so glorious and grand that I do not think it will be easily blotted out of my memory. In where there seemed to be between mountains was a large dense grove of pine trees tall and ttately, not one dwarf pine could be seen. Underneath there was a beautiful carpet of grass, not a bush or stick to mar its rich smoothness. The last rays of the getting sun cast just enough of itsra'diance to lighten the. border, making the deptF within look all the more grand and solemn. I stood for sometime entranced every too grand and gloriously beautithing seemed ' ful to be real, I felt like pinching myself tp discover if all were a reality or was it only, a "dream Ho wever FrelracedTriy" sfepi'tocam p with feelings of the most solemn and mysterious '.' nature. After sitting.and chatting in the midst of a 'merry group in front of which the camp-firshed its bright rays, a brisk canyon breeze began to make itself felt, and my mind wandered back to the old pine forest and a strong desire took possession of me to return, which as soon as practicable was acted upon and I again found myself upon the spot that had so . strangely interested meIf the scene was beautiful at sunset it was doubly so by moonlight. Oh, dear sister that one might always have language to express the -pu reelyestiments-n- f the" 'heart' "an wchm'e" er Dear Sister Wells: - to mind. "Ever changing ever new When will the landscape tire the view" My thoughts go back to other days, ' ' When thou wast but a child; A thing of sudden smiles and tears, ' Fair as a wood-flowand as wild I see thy raven locks of hair, Thine eyes of the same midnight hue; Thy forehead like the lily fair, bathed in dew. Thy lips like rose-bud- s Atchison Kan. o i . While sitting by the camp-firor taking . lonely strolls farther up the mountain road, my thoughts would" most "invariably turn to you, and a sigh of regret would come from me neari tnac you were not witn me to enjoy all the beautiful grandeur, spread-o- ut before me. Words would bo inadequate to describe the splendor on which my eyes feasted turn which way they wouldbut the attempt at description Js a pleasure as one iir ,a jneasure lives over ana enjoys again tue scenes tnat so truly fascinated them. 1 would sit at amp musing and dreaming or perhaps . taking lonely strolls around the winding canyon road, now and then a new place of beauty would burst upon. my view, at such times the words of the poet were recalled the Exponent; BACK TO OTHER DAYS. -- " SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 15, 1890. - For lixi. J JL u Riglits of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. ' Semi-Annu- O v pass over me. As- -I gazed upon this LglmiianfJpyng. place atiH'lislenedTo the wild weird ramie, fascinating, yet awful in its solemn loneliness, it was with great reluctance. that I again retraced my steps. The walk back proved to be equally fascinating although of another type of beauty. The pretty sparkling brook running along the ' roadside, each; bank containing such an in numerable variety of-- sweet wild flowers, the maj'estic mountains towering so high above me formed a scene long to be remembered and impressed me with the spirit of awe and solemnity. .We did not tarry long however as it was grow-in- g , 'V late. j: The next day we returned home with many feelings of, regret at leaving the many pleasant " " placesTwe had become familiar with. But I must say something of. our pretty'. . AUNT LU'S STORY. And now I must tell you something of the Alby's,- - of Robert's parents, who started their - life- - soon after their of marriage- in-- a two rooms in the back woods of Maine (New EHgknd)kr small" ettle'nl'enloCTumrme woodchoppers, hunters, fishermen etc. In this place all their six children were born, and from it, four of them, who had only walked a little way in earth-life- , were transported into a school in higher spirit realms, hoU, their remaining daughter developed into beautiful womanhood, married at the age of nineteen shortly before her father's death, and removed with her husband (an excellent worthy man of high position and wealth, who made all the gilts bestowed so bountifully upon him a blessing to others,) to Augusta the Capital of the state. Previous to the event of their daughter's marriage Mr Alby had become a weal thy prosperous lu m t, had built a large commodious house with the expectation of living in ea3V etimfbrt to a frond old . age, but death came (when but a little past middle hie) swift and sudden m a red bolt of llame trom heaven, leaving1 hearts wounded ; and torn with grief to receive a fresh anoint: ; ing for a future blessing. Robert the only son, possessed a deep earnest naturerand a wild love of adventure; he manifested, this characteristic in early life by fre- quent escapades, from school, the common routine of .which had. few attractions for him although quick to learn, and never dull; his good humor and qualities of heart made him a favorite with teachers and comrades. Nothing "delighted himso rnu ch when aTsmall lad ,as to be allowed to go with his father on a hunting or to wonderful tale3 fishing excursion, and listen " of th escapes from wild beasts, Indians, &e., and long before he was in hi3 teens.he had inwardly r ;solved to lead a back wood's life, and like the little b y who planted hi3 i'aet in the earth to grow tall he tried to harden and accustom himself to such a life, lookingdaily forward for the happy time when - ber-mereh- hair-brea- d au log-cab- in -- -- 