WOMAN'S EXPONENT. American Fork, and at 10 a. in., on Thursday tho general Stake Officers meeting of the P. A. convened. Tim is a grand arrangement 'anfljtwas a. most enjoyable gightjojbehold the Ofticersjrom every town and hamlet numbering upward3,of 150, greeting each other with and earnest such joyful faces, warm expressions of mutual love end good fellowship, many of whom no doubt, had not met since the Conference. 6 months previous. Hero short, concise verbal reports were given from the various branches, each telling of the different methods adopted for enhancing the interest of the meetings, the moot successful management of the association, etc All the business pertaining to the Stake organization wa3 here transacted and, much good counsel given for future guidance, by Pres. Smoot whose good generalship, executive ability, fine tact as organizer and Pres. is shown to is generated the the best advantages-her- o so-, suecessfu lly -- the: poweLlwhichmove ' i r nrs mamraom organization era oraciug nearly i vvv children. Pre3. Smoot . seems to understand how to. get the best and most work done cheerfully by the intelligent corps of officers over hand-clasp- 3 , and wa3 evident in Ihe very hospitable enterreferred to the trials of the present time, and tainment accorded us everywhere. We realized that through thesff the ' saints would brought away many plesant- memories aud prove their faithfulness; alluded to the love of stoppwl,overon our return -- at Smith" Cottons-woo- d 'lhrWOrld at)d"of pleasure thaflvas gr 6'wihg ' to attend the Mammoth Sunday School "in the midst of the saints. reunion held there Sunday 3lstin which 4 Pres. Hofne spoke of tho small things with wards participated occupying the whole day which the Relief Society dealt, referred to the with two excellent programmes. A drive to Savior's words concerning the widow's two Mill Creek, Ved. Sept. 3rd to join the' visitmites and his declaration that she had given who sisters came outrto attend the Young more than them all,, because it" was - all she ing Ladies annual meeting of that ward where an possessed, made a very happy illustration of enjoyable time w?as spent in two well attended well spirited meetings, a delightful picnic at of our Father in heaven over each one, which noon aqd we wended our way homeward feelwas verified to us in hi3 saying not even & ing much improved physically and with the sparrow could fall to the ground without his firm conviction that a more enjoyable lime Maker's notice and that the hairs of our head was never, experienced, were all numbered.. , "We are now undergoing L. Freeze the procesa of purification to prove, our he duties of the Relief Society are integrity, arduous and especially those of the teachers; R. S. REPORTS. - k - At noon,- v all present were invited to - par- take of an elaborate picnic spread in the Court flowers in profusion, house with fruit-an- d where the guest3 were gracefully waited upon h r ft - Kn or a A a nf lain tvzz nf h i t A r a n nwl 1 K r i r h t , o ri j " j eyed girls. These picnics are an establised feature iof jeach conierence. given bylheAs sociations ofjbe to wn where the conference is held, and as they are always held in Provo during the winter and changed each summer -- to with mingled anxiety and delight and work is done to make each event a grand success. At the one in question held .. 1 O nfi mi j nrn ) n m lrt f t ri m children, the Bishopric of the ward, and much-preparator- Vl I 1 4 i y The Annual meeting of the 6th Ward Relief Society was held in the Meeting House on the 3d,tpf Sept. President Elizabeth Townsend presiding. There were present, Stake Pres. Orson Smith and wife. Relief Society President Adeline Barber; and Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball of Salt Lake Cityfwith a good attendance of the members. The minutes of the former meeting were. read, Roll wa3 called. The amount of means received and disbursed re 1 ported . Timou ut tion, and suggestions made in regard to building a Relief Society House and Granary which was encouraged by Brother Smith. Sister Kimball related her experience in to a similar undertaking, and said, Myou will be astonished at the ease with which it will be accomplished if you will but make a. start." A few items were then read by the Secretary on Relief Society work; of its first organization by the Prophet Joseph Smith, in Nauvoo in 1842; of its first move" in Logan . . jLeaLo dtcond 1 . 1 present at the first organization of the Relief Society in Nauvoo, and of being intimately acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, "and I estihed that all X je principles he taught the human family. Spoke upon example as being better than precept, and upon faith, the healing of the sick by administration of the laying on of hands; told of the accident that befell her in May last andv gave God the glory, for her being restored to heal th, she had not called " Upon Doctors, bu t exercised faith in the ordinances; did not think of -- dying after she was injured; blessed all those present in the name of Jesus,. Sister E. B. Wells spoke upon the grand results achieved through the organization of women also upon true charity, aud the disposition to look upon the bright side, referred to the days of famine and of sickness, the trials of the Saints in Nauvoo and in Winter Quarters , . . - . busi-Jiesmeetin- eacn-Qistri- ct semi-anuail- aadhaught jQt..m grateful notwith standing the persecutions of the present time, for the JLord had greatly prospered us in these valleys. gs pressing' her pleasure in listening to the remarks of the sisters and called upon the Coun. to the Bishop A. A- Jones, who spoke briefly ii nnn nartivr on1 fa nlf.fi nr?incr n Isn nfthcA tanna hearkening to counsel and the still .small voice of the spirit that would direct us in the path of v, 5--".- KlUXiJ . , innemugatiey-ndcdirrabQ- t.Ct otaee where Welcome" shone in cvptv wa3 feIt rinf nnlu rrixra. crnri aAxrina anA thn nhWAron wfK na woii aa aB T letm fnon Kof xery han 1 k,, t -- ;...: iiUA.,inMi . 1 """" . i ' sel L' ii l l i? ' .1 nonce oi me next meetmer. ana tne hvmsi "xienoia tne oavior comes wa3 sung. Beriedretion.by,Sister,.Brown a eot -- -- Jiisho with what had been spoken; he believed the Relief Society would yet be called upon to help those who now persecute us; deplored the condition of the world in the midst "of their calamities because they had sot the spirit of God to sustain them as the saints had, spoke ot -mothers. upon tne duties feelingly rn xu i toooliirrf e 'worthy examplea- before them ia all things, - ; . nilhni-expjejsexi-him- - - - - - ni- 1 with those Who are not of our faith.' The speaker then referred to the importance of the Relief Society and the words of Joseph at the time he organized in Nauvoo. She advised the sisters in regard to their means and spoke especially upon the subject of saving grain,and the building or storehouses. Counselor B. W. Smith, spoke of being 1 . ' ie ,re-gar- d . ta li ntma company-otsuchpersonsronotassocia- . Dupenntenaent or the Sunday school, livery, item was any delay so tiring to children. JPresjdeD t S rni th.. ap pro yed. of - the -- Society "and distributee! among the CQDgtegation,, every. was glad to see it had efficient officers aud part rendered promptly, one noticable and gratifying feature was the large number of thought its plans for further advancement were excallent. It was concluded with a little boys who took part, about ! 35 in all, doing i.1 .1 In Doys recited tne picnic provided by the two counselors. J'. iz memseives greati credit; E. Townsend, Pres. "Articles of faith" in concert in perfect harmony, the singing was most delightful by HUNTER WARD S. L. STAKE. many, very little girls and showed much careful training. Time and space will not permit The Relief Society of Hunter Ward S. L. us to mention halt oi the many things that Stake met as per adjournment in the Ward TT i n i pleased us. iiouse on mi mursaay, oeptemoer 4, at one The children have donated to the nickle o'clock p. m. Mrs. Charlotte Neilson presidfund over 70 dollars which is used exclusively ing. Visitors- from tbe City had been invited for emigration; two. persons have been brought and were present Pres. M. I. Home her Coun. irom jburope and the monej is again ready L. b. Taylor and Sister Bathsheba W. Smith ne liberation oi Coun. to Zma: BrHrYoung and E. B. Wells; io loan witnout interest. one soul from bondage is deemed sufficient also the Bishop one of his Counselors and . a. goodly number of brethren and sisters for into seven districts presided over by the such a sparsely settled district. Meeting usual Officers who hold regular monthly opened with singing "God moves in a mysteriand keep account of all proceed-- " ous way," pray er by Bishop Wm, Miller, singing, "The Glorious day is rolling on."- - The tnu presiuency 01 secretary then read the minutes of the previous the labors are divided among many and meeting, which were very good containing much energetic work is performed. Every much food for thought and excellent, advice; Association is visited once a year by Pres. the secretary also read the monthly donations Smoot and Counselors, who also attend district- - received at the last meetiug, which showed a Conferences at intervals between each semi-- spirit of benevolence and - liberality creditable anuaLCbnference. to the local sisters." 7 y a :flP;J-P;.;ti-!,JNeilson few" Pres. made a iur a peep at opening remarks, our friends a return kjyiiu.gwiie to Provo to attend the and expressed, her pleasure in having the., Woman's Suffrage fleeting and the Young sisters from Salt Lake City. Coun. Elmina Ladies semi annual Conference at which we S Taylor was the first speaker, her remarks trust profitable meetings were held blessed and were replete with' th e best instructions, she the wise and encouraged by motherly counsels dwelt upon the benefits to be "derived from atpfPres. Elmina S. Taylor whose labors and tending the meetings of the listers as well a3 interests among the daughters of Zion are other meetings, and enjoined upon jthe, mothers.. tin! m pertorm; visiting the sick ana sorrowing, neip-ic- g in kindness those who are weak, the tried and tempted, using our utmost influence against the wiles and temptations of the world,tbat beset our young people; make our homes happy" and comfortable, teach our children to be brave and industrious; be wise in looking after the poorf we don't believe in beggars,it indicates a bad state of society though it i3 not always the beggar that is the most dangerous element, it is the smooth tonguel and polished hypocrite that are the most so after all. Beware of the 1XOAN"1JtH WARD CACHE 8TAKE. 1 whom she presides, 65 . m y 