W 0 M A N'S EX P 0 N E N T . Fifth Ward association; W.G. Child, counselor to Bishop McQuarrie. A hymn waa then suug by the children. Then came the following speakers:. ""Wealthy. Ensign, president of the. First Ward association; Nina Rich; president of Ihe Third Ward association; Maggie Chambers, president of the Fourth Ward association; Caroline Ballantyne, president of the Fifth Ward 'association; Marian'Burton, secretary of the StakeTJoard; Letitia Fee ry, Mrs. R. J. Taylor, counselor, to truth is mighty , and will prevail,, her cause must win. A choice rendering of "Hannah Jano" by Mrs. Adelia B. Cox Sid well came next. Report from Fairview branclrpy Mr3. Eu. phrasia Day. Reading of letter from Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, President "of Utah W. S. A. Reading of a lecture by Hehry Ward Beecber, on .woman suffrage, by Mrs. L. L, . Dalton. . Pres.-Jakema- n - . which would fit and qualify them for wider duties. Their mothcrhoo'd demands cultivation, liberty and honor for its proper exercise. All truly great men testify, to the strong ; influence of their mothers. We have many friends among the best of men, and more than that,, in the days of Joseph Smith the Prophet, a key had been turned in the door of woman's limitations, and sho should surely emerge from her prison house of pain. said her own highest ambition was to be a true jnother to her children, and it was with this end in view ..that she " sought to become endowed 'with "full liberty and lull - equality witn.. herfellow-citizens- . Did'noFbelieve it possible for a human ; being to be limited to a very narrow sphere and yet do a mother's perfect part . Refering to the sayings of previous speakers that men would surely follow wherever women go, she said if that-btruerthen women tia?'6T6''bTvery careful where they go. Believed "nothing would so completely conservatize woman as for men to deliberately follow her lead.' Oono neuta of Woman Suffrage never obiect to lettingjroman follow armies and mingle with men of every stamp to wait on tifem in hospital?. i and bind up their wounds on ghastly battle grounds; or earn her bread at wearing, grinding ill paid toil: and the more cruelly men sneer at our efforts to inform cur minds" on executive and judicial business, the more I, for onejsuspect them of desiring to trade upon our ignorance lor their own Dettv ends. Had no idea when a year ago this little band wa3 organized to with others in the effort to set women on terms of equality with men',"that d States would so soon become an " Address by liiihop Win. Tf Reed. the presidents! the Ihird Ward association; Men are in dutv bound to honor and defend Mrs. Emily lira. Jane S. Richards and ' Iwomeu-Wr- .s not - prepared to say that in Ibis Shurtiiff. ....... . ' 1? Mm. Josephine; West closed the 'speeches; ati ma respect sne- naci always received jusuce ir-r- r . 1 tt nrnT She could jearcely speaks the joy that welled -- iianusrouc ieit prepared 10 say mai it suau up in her heart at seeing the many friendly not be withheld irom he in future. Thought' l'ace3 before her jand the satisfaction that the most promising feature in her case well beamed on each countenance. Sho said that expressed in the .words, "He would be free, they had that day done her an honor she himself must strike the "Wow." Begged that would never forget, one that caused her a joy.. :.the:,lad because wherever you go, we will surely folbestowed. It wa3 a genuine surprise to her low." (Applause.) His sympathies have always She heen with the ladies, but is not sure he willand was therefore tho more appreciated thanked one and all for the interest in her .benot be called upon to sympathize v,ith their half and the appreciation of her labors and the brothers yet, tor present indications are that esteem they had that day shown to her. some men may be disfranchised here in Utah, Tho meeting over, Mrs. Mamie Richards inla that case if women gain the franchise vited the officers and guests to Mrs. West's they will be the political superiors of --men, residence where a splendid" repast had been and men could try their hands at "silent iuv prepared during their absence, which proved a direct influence," and being "the power behind , second surprise to Mr3. West. Ex. the throne." If women do notJBueeeed in gaining the right of franchise, then at least we shall all be sailing in the same boat. FIRST ANNUAL CONVENTION. F. R. Kenner Esq. opened his remarks with an,anecdote of Lorenzo Dow and a rrowing hen;" but made amends for the ungallant HELD AT MANTI, ON MAY 19, 1890. insinuation JbyassertingJ,hat if the ladies had been ' crowing " then he was fain to admit that ally; but did not approve of the plan of hold- Called to attention at 10 A. M. by Pres. the performance wa3 quite as good as that of the ing tne iron t rants bacn; though it would ba Ellen Jakeman. Singing by the tabernacle greater number of "us roosters.". Went on" to better to bring the rear ranks forward. 7: choir.i'Snhit of Godr ' Praver bv woman's Wished Dr. Kenner not to let hi3 grief be achievements in literature, say tliat Dalton. Singing "I live for those who love art, medicine, law, and even in politics would wild about his dismal prospects but reflect that me" with those of man every minority is practically disfranchised. compare very favorably . . t 111 ri Mrs. Jakeman briefly stated the purposes man felt ana not relieved 01 any ot the duties ot citizan-shiwitnau nis Doasting. as a southern of tlw convention, the condition of the S. A. in free to assert that Mrs. Stowe's book, "Uncle Felt very grateful for all the kind Manti etc. Expressed her faith in the justice Tom's "Cabin" did more to abolish slavorv of woman's claimtJi&tJlie io-- pro than 'aHt'h'ef forces-- " com bined. ' V h en a received from the best men in ' the county; test against taxation without representation; woman will she will;" ahd'if she is in earnest also to the visitors, the musician?, and all who against bearing all the burdens and penalties to wilJlJrj3Wj Jiad without otlcitizenship. sooner or later. Assured them that if of the convention. any of its privileges and honors; but protested that woman is not seek-Jns disfranchisement were to them hall the bitter. read and amend ed. as some op posers maintain, to change Officers "for" the second year elected. ' burning insult that it wa3 to him, he wondered places with man, to rise only by pulling him at theipatience. Hoped they would never Dr. Kenner asked and received permission to iownJNoLw.omanwant3 to be recognized as give up the sfrugle until they should have publish his own report of the proceedings in au equal, a a co sovereign. Mainachieved victoryalso that it" "Uncle Sani" theMauti Sentinel. Announced the Convention tained that the greatest good to the greatest does send "us" back tothe same hnaf: i.Iia for one year.liumberYisattained by joint effort, and that ladies will give us kindly welcome; but he adjourned "Lord Dismiss us." Singing' man and woman must rise and fall together. would ratner be a Benediction and moon Mrs. the than : Rebecca Wareham. bay by The motion -- was now made and carried to a citizen without a dog franchise. suspend rules, in order that no probable Mrs. Dalton apologizeoV for blunders might mar the ease and - freedom of time, but had made a R. S. REPORT. grand discovery, and the procedings. , wished to call attention to it. Had Jearhed i. The next speaker waa Mr3. Alvira Cox; from the remarks of LAKE SHORE! Bishop Reed and Dr. and your correspondenjeply--regrets- Kenner that 'Uncle Sam" being la vors equality .for There are quite a number of the sisters in other wise engaged-am in least at Utah. These woman,. two gentle me points 01 ner admirable address. " Aji men nau DotnspoKen about being 'ent back" thisjward taking the Exponent at the present time and they all seem to .AlrrClLarsen"prolesseTo' fei proud be- to nhe same boat" with the ladies. It is ol appreciate the value and-ththe cause he had been invited to place himself on paper good instruction it con-iathat no one can be sent back without and also record on the Woman Question. Called the plain tho good counsel to us as firsi being ahead, and no one could be put mothers in Israel. Our nWni withholding of womau's entire equality before into the same boat with others unless he before" neia la?t month. tho law au Our numbers are not many unwarranUbleurpatio!ioflpower. was in a different boat. Since these gentlemen" we RefereiHtcr Nebuchadnezzar's image, and exare living in a farraionr district And ra in have admitted that they are in a different boat -belief a that . the pressed very scattered condition. could may..be that our dear ne.aSM5.become oiieu universal king; good attendance at our meetings. Also our fine sense of justice will lead him "dom of strength and grace until woman's their boat and force them to saili loung Ladies, and Primary Associations are voice and influence should be incorporated doing splendidly. At our nnnnoi with us. (Laughter.) our among thepowera that be. Hoped the ladies President Sister Marfan Mrs Snow desired to lift her voice in nn ' would never falter because of favor sided opposition, but of woman's rights. Spoke of her singing,, prayer by Bishop Lorenzo eel assured that the hour of duties, her and services to the human triumph ""B-- fa - wwiuoici, us auew our race, nd the depth of bloodless victory will journey and surely come, Sister pursue. Fereuson love ; they her then and hnrp W devotion., A man who now oppose will be should place glad to ask for mony to the truth of the work in which we are votes and your assistance. In this effortyour woman not abov his head, not beneath his for husidein allnlaces, even at the engaged she felt like encouradns? the emancipation woman has truth and justice as sixers to still continue in the good work which allies, no sophistries to estabHdiHnbler-motive- r of Spring City, was veW they had undertaken. Counselors Letetia Banks and Julia A. t(ncealrtteior?just as surely 8s glad to see women seeking to gain knowledge : - 1 .1111; 1 1 L e - m. co-opera- te , the-Unite- . 3Irs.-Lr:L- " . . 1 p. en lias-a-rig- contributed-tothnsuccirandleali- ure -- -- , g, - By-law- co-citize- n, - -- - a-se- cond j-king- ; 1 "thus-tailinF'f- otak e mf rr,;,- toe-kingdo- ?eLJt old-Uncl- es rf? ; HkU jQoisoyjpllitru . f 