WOMAN'S under Editor. B. WELLS, gnecopy one year, fl.CO; one copy fix months, to cU. No reduction made for duU. City papers delivered by mail, ' extra for potitaje one year, 25 cU. " Advertising rtes: Each square, tea lines of nonpareil discount pet mouthrlX0CL-A4iW- al ipace, one time, - to regular advertisers. i ExrosEifT office, E., South Temple Street.second gate east of Dcscrct News OiSce. ; Bai'nes tour? f ron 1? fi.ra to 5 p.m. efery day, except Sundny. j all business communications to PUBLISHER EXPOSEKTr La Salt kb Crrr. Utah. No.-Zr- Iike Entered at the Post Office in Sill dost Matter. Second CV.y, EXPONENT." c will make the w rath of man Scripture s.iys to praise Him arid the remainder lie. will re- -. strain" and we know His word cannot fail; there fore there is.no need to fear, but keep in the path prduty, whiclfis the path of. safety. of enforcing law and order-wh- ere the best of order prevailed and laws were honored. .The Edmund's bill pi 1S82 was cruel in itself when it was eoToredit sent hundreds of men to prison, and brok up families, scattering ere bound together by the ties of love and friendship, and these things were done with the pretense that fifty millions of ' people in trie United JQates were opposed to Mormonism) "it was a loathsome ulcer" etc., etc TheEdmund's bill did not satisfy some of these radical 'regenerators" and soit was supplemented bill and the Woman's by the Edmund's-Tucke- r 'Industrial Home Association"; and the Edmund's-Tucke- r bill was enforced and th e. J udges of the Courts interpreted law and measures according to their ideas, and in the Supreme Court of the United States some cases were argued and Woman's Exponent. EMMELISE . Utah, as ; 1i prctt-ns- e BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION, Thursday May first was the seventieth anniversary of the birth of Elder Edward Stevenson of this City.. The occasion was appropriately celebrated in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, which" were nanasomeJy decorated anaurmshea with luxurious easy chairs, sofas, tables ctc.,for the a t evening s enieriainmeni.r yv oil painting of the gentlemen in honor of whom the party was given hung above the stand and above were the figures May 1, 1820, and below 701890. There were between two and three hundred guests including his immediate family, relatives and friends; there were many others that Brother and - " 1- - large-anareieg- ant decisions given; the property of the Church was seized upon and a receiver appointed, Salt Lake Citv, - - May' 15, 1890. so that between fines, imprisonments, costs of court, lawyer's fees, and confiscition of property ; :..VOLUME'l8-J- 9. one would think the most bitter enemies of the but such very large parties are not generally as people might have been satisfied; but it was not enjoyable as where there are fewer in number The . present number of; the Woman's Ex- and the host and hostess can be sociable with so, though aimost all the political offices were roNENT completes the eighteenth volume and we fined Jbynien2ppQiiiied-an- d in most instances all. Brother Stevenson's daughter and husband renonresidents, yet it was not severe enough. Men finished, but we have only allowed a small portion who had come here without turned from New York City the same evening money or influence of the paper for its publication. However it will clamored for after a long absence during which time the place and power and failing to get be concluded very soon now, and it is to be hoped all, resorted to such methods as would rob the C.F. Wilcox had graduated from the that the subscription will not be decreased for Mormon Medical College with honors a full fledged M. D., people of all rights of citizenship. The volume nineteen! We aim so far as practicable Baskin-Cujlobill known as the bill wanted the return of the young Dr. and his wife added to keep up with the news of woman's work and to disfranchise without distinction, much to the 'pleasure of the assembly. mission In various directions,not apart from man .Congress A programme had been prepareeffor the occa- -' every "man belonging to the Church of Jesus with man. but as a helper and Latter-das y Christ of rarrifd nut in a verv rrpdifahlf Saints, forno offence what-- : tfnn The Relief Society Conferences general and -ever, only a standing in the Church. way, music, singing and recitations excellent; quanciiy uic iuuuu in ujc tuiuuiua ui inc paper, This bill extreme as it was found its supporters, there were also speeches from some of the., Primary Associations are represented therein and but there were some honorable veterans present. Bishop Kesler, Bishop McRae, men,.who did not woman's suffrage work finds sufficient prominence approve it as a whole, and probably lest that bill and one or two othersthen Elder Stevenson himin its pages. There is always space given to the should not be carried through a more indirect self, in which he stated that he had been in the writings of our sisters old and young, and even method was concocted to bring about the same irom mscniianoon, ana related some 01 children whenever the articles are at all suitab'e, result. The latest is Thomas-Edmunds the his peculiar experiences with the Prophet Joseph bill as it has been the aim from the first issue to en- which gives the real control of the Territory into and testified of his faith and so .on. There were courage home talent. the hands of seven men,the Governor and his secthree original poems read that were written purIn the Volumes of the Exponent jiiay be found ' and five the Commissioners. The Mormons retary posely to honor him, one by H. W. Naisbettjjjne biographical sketches of some of the leading wo llEnieJ"s of the Territory-ar- e to- be- - --byEmi1y Hr Woodmans it E2'l!5y Zinn. F.1t7rith Ann Whifnv Ffi .,.' I? mpn , Smith. .Zina. Jl-Jmere automatons td oolitical LueyClarlc""of-Farairrgtott -- - f- --r I3h11--- Snow rv. ... YounprMa i 7 B' and wires kept in subjection to their arbitrarv will very good. Sister Zina D. H. Young who had Home, Presendia L. Kimball, Mary Ann Youn?, and authority if this bill passes. known Brother Stevenson many years, was the Sarah M. Kimball and others have and will np Whereas under the .control, of the People's J , only lady speaker of the evening She was pear .from time to time. IThe ExpoNENTaimsio t the territory prospered arid taxes were arty, there by her daughter Mrs. Zina Y. record the lives and noble works of the women of ' and the men who had helped to make the light, who Card only just very recently arrived in the the Latter-daSaints. This is the class of wocountry understood what was necessary for the City from Canada, where she has been residing men who are expected to sustain it by their inand prosperity the past two or three years enterprise of the whole people, We earnestly hope all fluence and subscription. D0W JMteatl carrying out the measures that After the programme was rendered and local agents will see that the lists are filled for secured the rights 0 f citizenship'to all, a radical speeches made, refreshments were served toallin volume nineteen which will prcbablrbeihTTjest of is made and an entire new everything the Hall; it was quite an undertaking to wait ever issued. The price of the paper one dollar change to take the system place of that which has been upon such a large number of- - guests, but the per year ought to bring it within reach of all those tried. Whether either of these bills who have a desire to subscribe for it. We shall successfully yqurfg ladies, who had charge of this part of the will pass remains to be proven. The last named -- entertainment were thorough in performing their be very glad to hear from the agents in the various bill has been referred to the Judiciary Committee part gracefully and well. The refreshments had localities throughout the Stakes of Zion, and we of the Senate of which Senator Edmunds is himbeen daintly prepared, and consisted of sand- most earnestly hope that persistent efforts1 may self the Chairman and therefore, leaves him in' ..wiches .and salad, cakes of all krnds;ice"creamy be made to sustain the paperfroincrM.sjL. " J'. T charge " itS Si2e"a candies, nuts, oranges and nisins and excellent the official has been doing a great deal during Congress ' lemonade.. organ of the Relief Society and records all events the last few and years, -spending a great deal of of importance in the history cf the Women of ntattoaHjy Tljpgxin cr timediscii5sing-and-consideTin-Elder H. P. Richards in an appropriate speech of . f Zion. 'rr;; bring the Mormons to conform to measuresin the boasted nineteenth iCiyiliz.ation.of.ahe headed cane . from . Brother-an- d century hiienihTs Sister E?ra T." MORK LEGISLATION. - peculiar- - people have beeTipursiiingahFeventTn Clark of Farmington, and a luxurious and elegant of their way in thrift, enterprise and industry and chair from his children who reside at Big easy The bills introduced into ther Congress of the proclaiming at home and abroad these true prinCottonwood. Elder Stevenson responded in a United States this year are the most extraordiciples that lie at the foundation of both the very happy manner and thanked the donors, and nary in their character and bearing of any heretospiritual and temporal welfare of 'all mankind. informed them that he was still young, hale and fore formulated. The Baskin-Cullor- a bill to disObrdieTScTTcTThe laws oTthe land has but always hearty, perhaps ten years hence he might franchise all Mormons was so extreme that there been taught by. the "Mormon" people, they have need the cane and easy chair. He also seemed a possibility that honest men would expressed not been rebellious, but have yielded to himself to the assembled guests as oieased with the authority oppose its passage, even though the Governor of of those appointed to office, whether honor shown him, and invited them in the most they conUtah and favored it; it is apparent sidered them able and efficient for the positions hospitable and gracious terms to come and celeto all that the whole matter is a political iuey were enpsen to nil or not. . brate his next tenth anniversary, at which time it scheme to get possession of the "Territory and The Latter-daSaints acknowledge the hand was barely possible that he might need the chair carry out the wishes of the minority, who have or an overrulinjr Providence anrl ana me stan. ccjw hejVwhha .little tem An immense now placed :upba" . . - -"-- . . son-in-la- w m . co-work- u-rii- u-a- -- . ' - , ..mvui, -- ied y " order-w'nr-th'prA- 'r f .awwelosejwc -- ANTI-MORMO- N : his-colleag- ues -- y fi o..j . ; fruit-cake-w- as 