once received utmost opposition, are i:ow become a necessity. The marvellous work dune kindred societies,- by the -- Red - Cross and-othcan onlybe learned through such great " of distress apd suffering as the Johnstown floods, the Mount Vernon earthquakes and the Seattle and Spokane fires. Woman's progress in this country is steadily, rapidly, and 'surely reaching the wonted goal. In the beginning . ofjhis address we termed-tfy- e ' Woman's hut-"frage question "ational;"let us correct the statement and say , universal, for the : call Jjas been echoed throughout the world, and .the women of all nations have awakened to the . TYO--Tn cf ml t!nnrf lut Ailupat mnal--nn- d juicai couuiiions 01 women or ioreigu nations, bow they are deprived of knowledge and by superstition, bigotry and papistry, where the prejudice dgaiust woman'sadvancg,-men- t is, as it were, rooted in the ?oil, the ta-- k , seems,, so I. hard, the obstacles to that, one wonders can it ever be accomplished, Can the chains that bind them ever be sundered? And stopping fur an answer to our inquiry, one almost hears'the breaking of the chains. Two years ago this winter, in answer to the call t.f the American wo men for a Woman's " National Congress, across the mighty seas came messenger" 6f every cl lme, ad en w i t h t el ling and l n t er es t mg reports of woman's position in their several countries. There was the honest, intelligent English woman, whose advancement has been eniinrl : co'i-troll- ed " -- over-Gom- 1 almost a3 rapid a3 the American;' the" bikdit and witty French woman, the noble and straigntiorward uernmn, tiOJ lander and Uaue, the Ku'ssiarrrthe Icelander, the Italian and the Hindoo. 1 It might be interesting to quote a few oara graphs from , some of these reports, for each con lady can better tell her couutry-woman'- s wdl begin with the last men dition, and tioned the Hindoo. The, women of India sent to the American Council the cultured and refined Pundita Itamabar Sarasvati, who, after giving her re- -- - : . J porttohK this ation."---- country, and to other nations, to publish abroad the wrongs and. trials of the V I'llcnua widows ot India, and gain, it possible, some assistance in their behalf. She very simply and plainly relates the condition of her country women long ago and tells how, step Dy step, tney nave advanced to a certain de- re An r Oi.11 t iI sn l'i are mey ouii lime less hlw y'1 ruuwuuu. than slaves. Let Her owu words tell the storv; in olden times in our country- ,- some few-women were allowed education, and stood on the same footing as the great men. They used to hold, discourse with men on eaual fprm,and it is said in some of the sacred books of the Hindoos, that once on a time there was a woman who wulded great power over the assemoiy ot sages, and even h- - Id conversa- tion with one ot the greatest philosophers of . , . : t meume. Alter tliat it was thought best 'by our men to keep the women completely in v. norance, so that they rnighrhave more power over themf fact that if education was given to women it 1 . t ... s a 1 . - . 1 t . . , ;- -- - After more and sadder descriptions of the ignoratiee and serfdom of Hindoo wonienTihe cheerfully presents a brighter side by telling that in 1878, the doors of the Uuiver.-itie-s were thrown open to women and then began the higher education; and now steps are being taken by women to build a Medical Gdlege in Madras; "and ia- Calcutta anl Bombay there are many women prepa ring, toj be physicia n.g. So much, for the Hindoo women; Jn eleven years have they risen from utmost ignorance h igher-- ed ueation-- a mi are -to H he plan building colleges for themselves. One wonders how the hierarchy of the priests and great prejudice of the men could have been so overthe advent of the Eng thrown; perhnp lish among them introducing enlightened njau- it was only the ers-and customs, awakening of the . women to their, unjust and, lowly condition. We will now cross to lands which boast the highest civilization, and sea what they have done towards woman's emancipation. Extend jng into the classic waters of the .Mediter, raneau lies fair Italy, whse cities wer.ouce the Mecca of learning and of art; whose praises have been tung in every tongue; whose warriors were the bravest; whose palac s and cathedrals are the pride and wonder of the wonder of the world, 'and yet what a pitifuj wail comes from her lair daughters. Madam Sal azaro, editor of the Wonian's Review, Kome, writes, that Italian women -- ate - mere slaves to men. True, education is compulsory, and there are manyehoolsjJiyMii.rfatioi is not sound, rational, fitting one dir life's t s o s upe r fl up,usr t hatd t fi ts t hem rea i t i tor nothing at all. The Constitution forbids woman a public position, and her social position is indeed deplorable. In the girh schools, lectures are given- - by men; no woman has yet been allowed to address them; though some attempts have been made, to do so. - e-- ot- it-wa- ffd-)erbip- -n- 3 . 1 u ly TiakfngIadanr-Sdaz5ro(?samr-$keh,'srflall- through Papacy,, she says, is fast losing its influence Over men; but by means of the confessional they are taken out alTd betrothed to b:ys their own age and that is the end of their educ- er - EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 139 -- wages are paid women for work, that it is really more genteel to beg. "Under these circumstances, she writes, ''marriage is the best solution of the problem, and girls use all firm hold ,on tTons. . the. women .of Farther north, in Switzerland, France Germany, the Netherlands, Scandinavia and Britain, much more progress has been made. Universities have opened their doors, and women are allowed, and encouraged in many public duties, though we shall still feel there is mucn to. overcome, and a great; deal to tion, in countries where women may frequently be seen hitched to a cart by the side of a large to the market dog,-- hauling produ while the great, strong, stubborn husband walks behind with a whip in hh- hand crying his wares for sale; such is really the case in Switzerland and ( lermaQV-to-daT .1 in noting tne advancement oi woman in different linesit "seems, that in- - medicine, has the greatest progress been made; throughout the world it is the medical college that have received her, and peoplehave shown less prejudice and disfavor to that profession"; though, of course, charity aud philanthropy are practically tasteful, to woman and there is no disputing her supremacy jntliat field. - We gladly rer turn with lightened hearts to America and "God bless a country whtre ftrvently-say- , woman is no slave, but free, respected and r ' ' beloved." 7, A. W. C. "Delivered to the Ogden W. S. A.; Feb. 14, -- women mp1ete; subjection, an werc-Hnpletet- tlepn of education, exc.jpt now and then we had some priuces and learned men, who wanted to 'have wives beside them wao could read and write.'.. So a great many women were allowed juou tuuuu cuuraiwu w aiie verses m praise .of the men, and praise them ail the time, but tho common women were, of course, not allowed any education at all." "But' she further says, "now, through the influence of the English, the missionaries and some learned men, the women are permitted to attend a primary school tor nearly two years." The school-age- ia .from seven to nine, "At nine -- - y . 1 . . - " 1890. - " " .. GREETING. Fellow Suffragists of Utah: ... .' In this the first month of the new year I take pleasure in extending to kindest in and labors for the your sympathy greeting of the women of Utah end for the enfranchisement of all intelligent woand clime. men of every-lanEducajion and agite We can best educate weapons "of warfare. through organization; therefore the necessity of thorough organization and - active interest in the difivreiit localities. Believing that the best results follow the.deiiberations of men and women, we fa vdi the admission of men a3 members of the association. Interest is awakened, and the best good seems to follow a systematic-courof political study, commencing with the Constitution-- of the United States, followed by the study of municipal, county, territorial, state and national -- d the fascinations of youth, beauty, dress and coquetry to catch a husband.":Buch unions seldom realize the high ideal of marriage, for she continues, "Bear in fact that love matches se are rare, and expediency is the usual motive for enteriug the married state; the "conse quences are often life long misery and unhap-piness- . Under the civil code woman has no existence apart from her husband. He is her government. Just and equitable government i3 essential lord and master, in all things, and as she is to happy liomes and refined society. We are supposed to owe all thing? tp him, he has comtime when approaching the looked-fo- r plete control; of even her - private ibrtune, steadily women will, as they should, have a voice in the should she have any." No matter how terribly JPlliLci?-jiirLu sed a wi e.may hajshe haa no red vitally effect them -l ress; - bu t if she fails to fulfil her wifely duties accordinfr and theirs. It an important part of woman's work to to her husband s demands he, should he help to establish purity in politics arid to choose, Jean have her, punished. There m establishn ' equ no and matter how wretched uivorcp law, Let the work of the past year good two lives mav be - when nnc thoV mar -- uaz to rther-e0u t - and - perseverance,- r i riage is consummated it binds forovef. Iinr :age 'The 'price' of liberty rjs ::eternal:ivigilnce." . y there are, in Italy, a few women S. M. Kimball, uue woman lawyer, ttiough she is not cians Pres. Woman's Suffrage Association of iUtah. allowed the liberty to practice her nrofsmn Jan. 15, 1890. The Italian Parliament are considerincr "somp measures pending to .:atieyiatethe wrongs of women; and m Koms there is published a : Our woraan newspaper, and its column nro, f,,n grand business 13 not to see . what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly ?f P1?3 argument3 Jn the Italian woman's at hand. e. , benait. The world well know3 that in Every one must see daily instances of people aty was much more dorious tha n TlnttT an1 who complain from a mere habit of ; complainer civilization has ken therartdp. unA ing, and make their friends uneasy, and are )niea scarcely so well provided for as strangers merry, by murmuring at evils that the Hindoo, Madam Sal a z do not exist, and repining atgnevancesijvhich: cnie- r- reason to-- he Eehgiou32bigotry:- Thrfffiy raves. , . - . . - ' -- . - - -- under their- - cOngrega-' pm to-da- h; " reaii..G : 