A but club members must-fee- tion in an appreciative aud . not in that the success l a. patroniz anil popularity of an oificer depend quite. as ing manner. Vhile the position demands an oversight of much upon her compliance with certain un- .. t it .'i an assumption 01- c Tvritten"law8 as upon her knowledge of those ail, it does not juuiuy vvell delined, fixed rules which all expect her superiority, which is always offensive. ' True appreciation of the responsib lity and to recognize. From a somewhat extended experience of value of an office, and a self commence, official life in various capacities, as well a3 without which it could never bo lightly filled observation of both failures and successes, I are entirely consistent with a proper estimate venture to define more clearly eome of those of onesrself,and with the humility aud modesty vaue.' unexnrefsed laws which make the which are ever bom of high ideals. mt (Varan aa lctitrr.t nna flnV- - TA 1fft VJ lHt ' THE VICE. PRESIDENT. which not all quite understand, premising The qualities necessary for the president apnlwAY that, mv rRinarka refer to officers of women's club, and .' are not necessarily ply equally to th 0 vi ce presiden t, a3 ci rcu m- stnce3 may transfer theduties of the offiicc to Applicable to other organizations. h er a large share of the time. THE PRESIDENT. To be continued,' . Of course it is a great advantage if a president has received the mental discipline of a col lego education, and 13 familiar with all the NOTES AND NEWS. she modern methods of thought and training; if A Presbyterian order of deaconesseij, isjiader. understands several languages, is able to quote ... r 0 n xur consideration. euntct. juuuuuuju-tior Willi t"tsu,aun is auiuuniy and style. But college bred women are Hereafter, girh will be admitted to the State Agricultural School of KhodeTslaud. and a woman may be able to fill all these requirements and still bean unsuitable president. Julta Bri'K, a medical writer of some sufficient education to had have She must note, has received frcm the British Medical render her familiar with all general subjects, Association of London $ ICQ to defraythe To T gTve"IieFcIear Ideas alid ability Jo "express expense of publishing a physiological treatise, them correctly, and if, a3 ,Jia3 been declared, on the nutrition of the muscles. Dr. Brink is "education is nine parts mental friction," the the first woman to be thus honored. n f h p r f p n h" s h mi I d h a s h pp r native a hi 1 v ' Ex. is first earnestness But the of requirement The South Dakota Equalp .Suffrage Song enthusiasm m so her and that work, purpose she may be natural in her actions, and able Book, is a collection of spirited suffrage songs. Unlike most suffrage song books hitherto to rise above any timidity and discouragement, at times almost forgetting her own existence. published, the music is given as well as If she have this zeal her associates will the words. Price ten cents. Address W. F, forgive many failures in other respects, and if Bailey .secretary South Dakota E. J. AT Koom fehe have it not, in some degree, she will be 9, Hills block, Huron, South Dakota. Belfconscious and besitatiug, and no amount of The gospel of equal human rights - for knowlege or skill will atone for it or make her women good is spreading everywhere. At this a popular officer. A president should in a measure, have a moment, the .Hampton Guardain, published her to sec all side3 of at Hampton Court House, South Carolina, mind, enabling judicial . T t .1 gives the use;f4tscoltriira3ixrpailishl!xlfpr me question, especially me iruiu mat is on from the' excellent speech of George Wra. the side, of the' minority. She should be " ; . can but realizeJhelimportance. of skilled help that suffering may be reduced to a minimum and death at this sacred period remain for ages ' ' unheard off. ; of lecture R. Dr. E. The introductory Shipp's on be will class 'Oct. Winter "Friday given loth, are interested All invited at 4 p. rg. to cordially South No. residence East her attend at St. 7 34 Lake Salt City. 1 - life -- ' j nlfAM ''IJWfi 1:1 . 1 1 ON SALE . ' . 1 vr- TO IXiIj ; PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH L..-tzz- -- r-rr 1 1 1 . ' -- 1 T being guided only by whatseem3 to her right uuu uwuiujug m uiu ucst usage, juer unu opinions she must ignore, a3 she is there to carry out the wishes of the club and to be the medium of its opinions. """Her ""views may be expressed in meetings of the Board of Directors, and her personality cannot but be impressed upon the club through her influence upon the officers and the various committees. In the chair she should have sufficient concentration to bo able to follow carefully the line of thought of each speaker, and enough 1 a c :i. lit LIjI. in rCk to f li a 11. Lwiii(imion IL U ItlU LUVy rjjt VJIA.UIUI br ivAAAfiAt! UMtitUVU ' I IJ ask a suggestive question or advance an idea when the discussion lags; at the jarae time sue fcuouiu uo uu iub aim 10 see every one who enters the room, and observe and encourage any one who may wish to" speak; she should have dignity without seventy, to which a senso of humor always adds a grace; she should have a kind heart- - that can 1 11 1 1 11 111 -- encourage and draw out the timid, never allowing the meetings to be monopolized by few.------ -' If possible -- r - TICKET OFFICE, UNION tMaih Sired, Salt Lake Cily J. V. PARKER, . Asst. Gcnl. Pass. Agt. B.-K.THQMA- ! 26, 2S, 30and 32 East 1st South v . " 1. S AIT LAKE CITY. St. - The Leading Retail Cash. HoTise. V recojmlze LanImesC eflbxt::andbe nuick-tncover a failure or a mistake; and she should a- D. Young edits a column in this paper. Wyoming had its first State election on Thursday Sep. 11th to choose State officers and a Legislature. For twenty one years the women of Wyoming have had full political rights, and have voted at every territorial election during that time. The men of 16 in most the ai way, have stood Wyoming, tsf the the by women, and now having rights come into Statehood together they will unite in the choice of two United States Senators. AT- v - she should know each member by name, as well as something of litr characteristic?';' and she should be conversant with the workings of every committee, as she will -- thus avoid -- mista ke3 and bo better able to ward offor to harmonize differences. . v She should never interfere in the work of thecommittees, or decide -- for them, but be -- ; ever ready with suggestion or helpful thought wnen sne sees tney are needed or welcome. NOTICE. On October 14, Dr. Romania B. Pratt wiiF be-- " gin another class in obstetrics. A limited number of students will be given positions in the Deseret Hospital, where further particulars may be obtained from the Doctor. Those ' who take advantage of this opportunity to advance in this . important branch" of study SpegaUojheLad AT TEASDEL'S ktest and Will bo found tko LACES, productions RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, canPot..dobitteii-thafl- '' identify themselves with the class, Dr. Pratt ing a thoroughly competent teacher. styles in . RIBBONS, be- r COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf 0 XSj1T Special department for Ladies' Q-O.OD- S OBSTETRICS. For the past ten years Dr. Ellis R. Shipp has taught large classes in Obstetrics, and" through terested still continues1 her labor of love in that direction, for the great advantage and indeed necessity of this knowledge cannot be Overestimated.- How is the oft told tale of and death of the mother while suffering passing the through greatest ordeal of her life-- the bearof the of souls ing men! soul-sickeni- fant's Shoea. 112, 114, 116, US IVID : Misses' and . In- East TempU Sir TJLLES ,25 CO. Tl NNERS CAS,WATER & STEAM FITTERS ng for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCK PUMPS. Pumni Renal tUeoorntry promptly responded to. a. wvjm3t r, m, cm uii qrt, 