WOMAN 'S : EX PON ENT one have been ; made, but perhaps not to proper authority, so hoping that theJ presV ' kncy of the Primary of this SakeAvill notice him j small article, .; and favor, our; children with an organization within- the nar future, we subscribe ourselves your - 3, Dry Creek Oct, Phebe Taylor Fidelia E. Nelson. G, 1890. (9 .' Pres. Hatch said: the development of the past will be not. comparison --mentrof ifrerfattfreTT-TliatlwouTiIWno good" to talk on honor, virtue and other good subwe let them sink down into our jects unless ' hearts. He liked good 'intellectual feasts,' advised' air that could to go to school; and all to strive to gain intelligence Felr pleased with" the proceedings of the day. .. Moon said he felt Bishop pleased and 'edified withitheLremarks from.thevisitorsboDed- -- each ne miu practice. inai anougnu to ao tneir nest to attend the meetings as there we could gain knowledge if it was sought after with a pure humble spirit.. Meeting then adjourned by singing "Praise to the man Prayer by Coun. Ephraira Lambert. v' ' Mukzie Hanson, Pres. too much or courteous request might-saWhereas the purely business too little. method is absolutely impersonal, and carries the idea of a like treatment; for all. Should the second notice fail to secure a the matter may then .be refered to the board of directors, to be treated according to ' -.': the constitution. init consider should au not 'The treasurer terference on the part of any officer, or member to be'asked the condition- of- - theJinance3,aud at-- a ta-thede- yelop e4 ! - -- RELIEF SOCIETr ORG ANIZFD: 4 Watt was unaminously'sustained as President with Sister Amanda Pilling .as Secretary. -- Minuted of. meeting ; for...completing; the . t ; organization "of the Relief Societv held Sept. President Sister ",Enzabetir G'.rWatt having reported the names of Sisters. Mary A. Adams, and Sarah. Watt as her choice" for; Counselors their names were presented and they .were, unanimously sustained as such. Sister Alice A. Whitesjd.es was, unanimously sustained as Treasurer of this Society. ... v ' Number of Menibera! whose names ; are v - already enrolled: 23. . Amanda A. PiLLiNGSeci ' , - , . given in detail. WOODLAND Y. L. U. I. A. Minutes of Annual meeting of the Y. L. A. held, in Woodland Ward, Sept. 28th. There - being present on tho stand Bishop Moon- - aSd OounselJr3, Pres. Hatch and Duke, Sister Duke President of the Young Ladies"" Associations of Wasatch Stake .and Counselor Alexander, also Sister Ruth Hatch and Sister. Nicholson. " . Meeting opened by singing "Now let us Prayer by Brother Nephi Thayne, continued, singing 'Do what is right." ' The roll was called showing an attendance of 18 members. Minutes of previous meeting read " : " . ies-joice- ."- -- and apprpvedr':;-;- : " "7"" ; ,. 7.-y'. The programme was then proceeded with a3 follows:, Bible reading by Amanda Moon,; Hattie Neiber then read "A glass railroad," in a very commendable manner; a correspondence between , Pres. Hanson and Ida Hoag, subject "Goodwill and charity to one another." "People will talk," was, then read in a vejy pleasing manner by Lydia Moon. Pres. Hanson and Lois "Benson sang "Oh ! how lovely was the morning." The regular programme ." -- then being finished. Pres. Duke then spoke a few moments say ing she was well pleased with the -- programme; hoped rwjMtvd vised the young girls to select a partner m life htfjwas of the same faith as themselves, and to' always make a confident of their mother; she thought it would be w'elL for two or three members to, and visit those that did not attend," some little good. -- . get-toget- -- migbtncramotTcr her itZT'IT Sister Nicholson gave some good advice and counsel, said she was pleased to seej the ad- vancrment in the young ladie3 as they once ; belonged to the" Primary. rSister Alexander then called upon the Lord to : "bless us. . ) Sister Ruth; Hatch said 'it was pleasant to "be with "theyoung ladies. in j the; capacity, of a meeting and to note their well doin. Felt it wa3 a noble work. Brother Duke said he felt pleased to be numbered w,ith th Saints, was pleased r to see ' ? tZK' !' r so wp( 1; ndvisedajl-to- cbPctakeJheJr study that which was elevating to the human mind; each one taking their part when called prt up.Qitll.coula:lje.m . , r THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: All the business of , tho club should bt . . decided by the board of directors, except such of- - all the subjects as require the members. The chairman should come to the meetings jrith a full Js:nowledgeof. the business ecide W any matter without first submitting it to the full board, and she should report the proceed' .: ings to the club meetings. The stationery and postage of the above officers should be supplied by the club, as it i3 manifestly unjust to require thi3 expense in addition to the time and labor given. : , on beranlacdthehu UNWRITTEN LAWS FOR OFFICERS , :,; OF, WOMEN'S CLUBS- BY AMELIA K. WING. THE RECORDING .... n SECRETARY ii r custodians The requisites for a recording: secretary not "set forth in the books are a clear, distinct voice and manner of reading, and an orderly and impartial habit of thought. - Very simple minutes can be made .interesting, by, effective utterances, and elaborate reports are often sadly marred by a hurried manner, or a voice that is pitched too low. Money decisions, elections' and' every . snbjtct decided by votc7sht)Uld always bo recorded, but matters that are simply discussed ;7Cluli;members,'arB usually? joirtienliv daringi the reading - of - a - lengthy -r- eview - of r the : previous meeting, considering it a waste of -- "' ""r'r rr. ' A secretary's duty is simply to record, not to express her own. opinion; an annual report ' v The chairmen should call their committee together in ample time for the duties required and should carry the same spirit of impartiality into their work that is recommended for the guidance of the president always1 faking pains to call out and develop any latent ability. Upon : the chairman depends much of the real; life of the club. Each officer should avoid assu ming the" work of the other officers, and should never accept an office unless she has sufficient time for its duties. All should make themsekes thoroughly acquainted with these duties. a3 required in the club constitutions. It omcers enter upon their work with a real, interest and enthusiasm, coupled .with knowledge, they will invest their club .with that indefinable something which we; call in fluence and character, and will find it a mental discipline and development selddm equalled, as well as a source of genuine pleasure. -- HI , . however admits of more latitude. Her books should be neatly kept, .without crowding:, with full .dafe, year, month and day preceding each" meeting," and with margmal notes to facilitate . . references. THE CORRESPONDING SECRETARY. It If the club - ; time. - CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. without, may- - often be omitted, : usless the subject is tabled for future consideration.." In reporting papers that are read, a secretary should avoid prolixity, - entering only the general, line of thought., -- ' has well attended meetings, custodiani are'most desirable, to have charge of the arrangement of the seats, ventilation, seating, etc. If possible they should be familiar with the faces of the members, they should welcome guests, and should always be present half an hour before the opening of the ; meetings. . ' - iniieniirmial"rer)ort:the expenditurehou Id be r -- Minutes of Organization, of Relief .Society for the second ward of Kavsville. Meeting held 3pt.-,- Il th ; 1 890. ? SbteV Elizabeth G. y i ; : "tv ; ; understood that the .corresponding secretary snould write hand, absolutely correct in style. Notices of I The- Woman's Cycle. meetings and all notifications mav be a3 brief? a3 possible and give the required information; ' but let not the secretary be tempted by the i WHY JEWESSES ARE BEAUTIFUL.; accumulation of notes to a discourteous brevity id other correspondence.- : Chateaubriand give3 a fanciful but agreeable A personal note written with revident pain3 to suit the individual case, i3 often a source of j reason for the fact that theJejvjshpmen are -crediton ' the so much "hauds6mer;:than the men of their great satisfaction.; and:ienect3" ' club. nation. He gays Jewesses have escaped .i the curse which1 alighted upon ' their fathers, hus' THE TREASURER. I bands and sons. Not a Jewess was U) be seen A prompt, correct and efficient:: treasurer is j among the crowd of priests ;and rabble who y difficult to find, owing: to the lack of training insulted the1 Son of God, scourged him, women usually receive in this direction. crowned hfm with thorns, and subjected him to Accuracy is, of course, the firs t requisite. infamy and the agony of the cro3?. The women the bills ,io.r . annual d ues should, be sent -- of Judea believed, in ; the Savior, and assisted promptly,in accordance with the requirements in soothing him under affliction. A woman of of the and the receipted bilk returned Bethany poured on his head precious ointment at once on receiving the money, tha date which she kept in a vessel of alabaster. The affixed to everything. Strictly business sinner anointed his feet with perfumed oil. and toem. hermathpds "seem ta give the' best results In money 'with wiped - tattersr mercv to the Jewess. He raised from If a member is delinquent, simply sendin rr the dead the son of the widow of Nain anrl a second bill when the time ha3- expired ' will :. I. Martha Umther RmAn0 . U ! - r , j : ; ; ; ; -- by-law- s, be-iii- g hairjiljUhrist-onhkarfc-extende- , . - suallyheeast-efis- e Tml'n d . 