WOMAN'S EXPONENT. AUTUMNAL MUSINGS. In the soft September gloaming, -- ' ligious inclinations, he is. an- occasional and welcome visitor in our rural ; home. He is also, I believe,' the best and most extensive florist in thi3 settlement. That beautiful blush rose m the window near which I write, which fills the air with its delicatef and delicious perfume, was his offering of friendship to me today. Now I must stop writing, and help "my six old son to count the paper money he fia3 year from an clipped advertising sheet, and is unable to decide whether this over, puzzling is meant for a uickle or a five' dollar gold piece, and if that is a silver quarter or a gold '. - . All my fancies set to roaming, Over hill and dale and mountain; And I felt the mellowed splendor, Of the twilight faint and tender, And I heard the rippling fountain, ; . , ' With the music of its measure, As it leaped and sung for pleasure Filling all the air with gladness; And its songs from tuneful voices, Songs in which the world rejoices, Soothed my soul with tearful sadness. . . G7 written by revelation. The Savior said when unanswered His disciples concerning those things which should take place, that He told them about at Jerusalem, His language was plain and definite, that the City should be destroyed and the Temple; not one stone should be, left on another, and the Jews should be scattered among all nations, and they should see Him no more, until they should say "blessed is He that cometh in the name of tho Lord." All these thing3 took place as He said; then He spoke of His coming and gave-ththe sighs; that nation should rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; men's, ' ten. hearts should fail them: this would come as a Ah! my sisters, . you who have cherubs of .snare on them that dwell on This your own, know that their wants must be at1J . tended to. answrnanheifr minda eaHhjHair shall not "directedrnowrwhilrt hey are witFui for neglect pass away. oi our duties to them, when like clinging vines There never was a truer fulfillment of they twine around us, looking up to us as all prophecy than was spoken to the Jewish sufficient tq supply their every want, means nation, and also to the Israelites, every word sorrow and .bitterness of heart for us in the spoken to them of the Lord by IJis prophets when because of such negkct they will was literally fulfilled. Everything that was future, drift surely away, out of our reach. predicted of the Savior before His birth wa3 Here is Willie, my "farmer; boy;" see how fulfilled to the very letter. But of His second well he has learned to ride, this summer. That coming which has not taken place, He does horse which he sits: so galnot give the day nor the hour, but the earth pretty bay upon a with us. He will let all will not stand in its present state 'only 6,000 lantly, great. pet the children ride at once, if they can- all get years, at. tho beginning of the 7,000 a great on; and stop perfectly still, if, in their scrambchange will come, there will be a millennial ling, one drops off. He likes the buggy too, rest for the people of God, and Christ will and therein my great comfort with him is dwell on the earth and it will be like the taken. garden of Eden; all will be at peace. "The One morning, I felt quite homesick and lamb and the lion will lie down together: and lonesome, when my children struck up a lively nothing shall hurt nor destroy in all My holy in I their mountain saith the Lord." And now concheering song. joined singings and in my heart thanked God for the blessed gift cerning the prophecy of a modern prophet of song and music, which will chase gloom Joseph Smith. Revelation and prophecy given away if any thing can. through Joseph the Seer, on war. Given Dec Presuming that you have received from the ,25th, 1832., .Verily,. thus saith the Lord cbn ... . .i oecreiary, an account oi tne v Oman ounrage cerning tne wars that will shortly come1 to meeting, lately held at Logan, I will not take pass, beginning at the rebellion "of South time in or writiner exabout it here, up space Carolina, which, will eventually terminate in to state had I that the death - and misery -- of many"souls." 2 vr. the cept pleasure of being. The days will come that war will .be poured considered uthe occasion a very present;-anr :interesting-oner-----"OurupoCairfiaildns Feginning at that place." The district school has opened here with a Section 87. This war took place beactually tween the North and South, and as sure as very competent Principal, two able assistants, and I should judge, about one hundred' and this took place, the others will among all nations. The ' Prophet Joseph said in his fifty children. The weather is fine, and every one seems to be in the full enjoyment of health history, "I have asked of the Lord concerning and happiness just at present. Crops are generally light in thb vicinity, so gave me a sign and and said, 'In the days of I am informed, compared with last year's. ' Noah I set a bow in the heavens as a sign Mother objects to the name Smithfield, as it and token that in year that the bow' should reminds her of the place known by the same be seen the Lord any would not come; but there name in England, where somanyreligious and harvest' during that"" were to DUfned., her. feel bo, martyrs gratify year, but whenever you see the bow withdrawn it shall be a token that there shall be famine, ings,T have agreed to call it, as it used some times to be called year's ago, pestilence, and great distress among J the, Cache Summit, Valley, September, 1890. nations, and that the coming of tKFMessiabls ' LULA. not far distant This is one sign of the heavens given to a modern prophet that we THE FULFILLMENT OF PROPHESY. may note. I know many things he uttered that have come to pas3 and many more that 1 IL Peter Ch. 20 vr. "Knowing this first will, because they were the Lord's words and that no prophecy of the Scripture Is of any I bear my testimony that he was a true prophet of the Lord, and was called by Him to proprivate interpretation." claim the Gospel of our Lord" and Savior : 21 vr. "For the prophecy came not in old " 7 7 r Jesus Christ. time by the will of man; but holy men of as they were moved - upon by the Holy MarAnn M; Peatt. Ghost." , -; Sept. 22, Salt Lake. City. I was led to write on this subject, by hearing on express his views as not being a beMi3s Amye Reade's liever in aythm that been predicted having novel, "Ruby " is in its tenth thousand.1 already come to pass; said he, there might have been Among those an:as not very definite; he alsoalluded to Bible kAJzdJleimjsontLnd Cardinal Manning. prophecy said there were no dates given to lead one to suppose that things came to pass; but Mrs. Willing says, a propos of the discussion that they .happened promiscuously. on the admission of womfin tn th There is no subject of so much interest to eneral "Conferpnpp- me as the fulfillment of prophecy. And it Ger ffir Snernce:of God's Cbrch,for it is surely must be, to all those, who believe in sai J: He led the neonle forth hv f a Sacred history, that is the ord of God, and flnn Miriam JlJ-rW , ' em ' In my garden full of sweetness; the-eart- At the evening's rich completeness, While the star3 their watch were keeping; ZCame. the must of which afore time, I had dreanfed throughout the nightime, And she found me pale and weeping. In a dainty, plaintive fashion, Breathing forth both love and passion, d Came this maiden, Sweeping 'cross the starlit meadow, Gray and quiet, as a shadow . Yet with human hopes o'erladen. h. tbir-ftesrio-ns . , -- fairy-foote- , . ,.. . And the Autumn boughs were sighing, And the scarlet leaves were dying, , Like lost hopes, which they betoken. Oh, ye fragrant buds and blossoms, Gathered closely to our bosoms ! Here ye lie, all crushed and broken. . - And we know not if the morrow Shall bring promis'd joy or sorrow For the love that's past revealing; That lies quiv'ring, aching, sobbing. Every nerve and pulse, keen throbbing, And its bitterness concealing. . : Quoth the muse, Love never faileth, ' Though the human heart bewaileth . 'Idols broken, fragments scattered! ' They were only true in seeming, ;. And ye worshipped them whileHdreamiag, But on waking, find them shattered. . a . -- Still the memory of those hours," That we passed in Eden's bowers, When our hearts and hopes were lightest,- Are around our pathway clinging, And a thousand voices singing Of the promises grown brightest. '. . The delicious days of Autumn, With the winds, so weird and solemn, Bring the fondest recollections; Of the music which was sweetest, Of the happiness completest, And the tenderest affections. should-beBeod-ti- . The harpstrings may be shattered, And the may be' scatter'd But the mem'ry still remaineth; And the love that we have cheris'd, ) And the hope that we have nourished The immortal soul retaineth. rose-leav- ' E. B. W. RURAL LETTERS. . me - , es - ' : 77 No. 2.' ' f God-spak- " , " " .; e . . -:'- The last ExpoifEKT ha3 just dropped from my'harid. There are still a few; moments left me before I must return to my domestic duties. I seize my pen vigorously determined words of kindlyr eeting with those dear friends who' write for and read little shall For. I receive good at pur paper. their hands and" offer nothing in return'? I had a pleasant call today from "Zimri of the Logan Journal. He was a friend of my lather's twenty years ago; for this reason and because of his intellectual, literary and re . iuam , ' tua:i : -- 