WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO MY HUSBAND'S MOTHER time for over a- hundred years, we begin to hoven's humor, as he has often shown it in the ind a great number of scherzt of his symphonies and ' quartets, is as MRS. SARAH G. RICHARDS. poets and prose writers WllOe ellurtS Were dirorfpd tnwnrrla iKa nvor. strong musically speaking,as is ever Hhakspeare throw of the artificial rhetoric and unimagina--tiv- e in his wittiest comedy parts; his joke? are as Dear mother," thou who gavest mortal birth of the French school of pot tty; good, hi3 portrayal" of heroism, of happiness, pedantry, To Mm my noblest; best, my next to cept which was so influential in -England nnd so of gloomy sadness, or of repose is by far the tribute of a daughter's lcve. uich imitated and copied by the EnrdUi stronger; a3 the language of sound is more And whte I seek, within my humble muse, lhese men labored to express more humauity. sensitive aud subtle than the medium of speech. JSome gem that's suitable for lh e to find, more freedom of thought and motion. ' Com'-- In fact, there is not a line in bis better works May ;God inspire me what and how to write. pare the measured lines and cold, polished ' that does not breathe some emotion. Beethoven For well I know, that uninspired by Him, style of Pope with the warm romance and was, properly speaking, a symphonist; even his 1 conld no word, no line, no sentence' trace, chivalry of many of the later poets, especially piano sonatas, the best of them, are symphonic. That would be valued or approved by thee. those of Scott or Tennyson, aud one canuot lhis is the highest form of composition. His art His child; and thou dost love His Taws." fail to be struck by the change that poetry,! one opera, "Fidtlio," is considered the purest Do I not know that in the direst hour, like other air has arts, undergone. And as typo of operatic writing in existence, although Thou wast upheld by His almighty arm? these, illustrations more .cleaTiy define the! the evidences are visible throughout of tue That He hah given thee strength and grace to stand, characteristics of the romantic school in general, hampering influences under which he com'Mid persecutions, and through trying tests, allow me few more examples. Students! posed it, for he was obliged to write so to a "When ppw'rs of darkness else had borne thee down say that the classic period irrsculptu re reached t please tho Viennese public as well as the Thou art His daughter, owned and well beloved. its climax with Phidias and then came the! managers and critics who would He knows thy faith and thine integrity; recognize a r Ti..ir.: Cl. of introspection and Aristotle.4 Socrates, Plato, to thee are stirtT And . Man began to yearn to express, not Am i not bless'd, to be the chosen bride only his; passions, shut off from the world by total deaf' of outward beauty of form, but also! ness; a man completely at variance with tho conception Of thy dear offspring? Heaven knows I prize his own inner life of joys and sorrows. Thus! shallow conventionalities and frivolities of tho The high position given me to fill. the "Laocoon" was" not classical, because Not one of worldly grandeur or of ease popular life of his time; a combination of human sufferings the tortures of soup subjectivity and objectivity- - this is the man What hath a follower of Christ to do and body of the father au'd sons in the deadly who ha reached the highest place in the history itn pomp ana pride, and stations whch. become struggle with the serpents sent to destroy them. of instrumental music, symphonic writings, just The Mammon worshipers? Let me ne'er fall The Venus de Medici was not tha fthsfrrn as Bach, the outgrowth of the reformatory , So low, so groveling as to seek their train classical beauty of the Greek, because it hinted religious movement, occupies the culminating My place is loftier for I am the wife ' at shame, and any such expression was in-- , position as its exponent in music. Iu a hroad r ji one wuo icars ana nonors uoa.tne Lord, consistent with the character and theory of and higher view Beethoven is classical in the And seeks to know and to perform His will' the - beautiful in Greek art. These are a few; same sense that Lessing, Schiller,: and r Goethe . In each particular, f Li-of the evidences of the numerous changes which are called the German classics, for they em- Mother, I bless . a took place in. art form; changes which were Ijodied in poetry that 6ame freedom of thought anaj reverence you, as uoa s appointed one, . natural, unavoidable, and inevitable: changes and feeling which Beethoven has thrown into uivu&u poiu auu suuuw, 1UYC ilUU iailIlIUinc5S, To bring to earth this chosen "Child of Prayer," in the spirit of progress; Carlylo "Zeitgeist." his symphonies and sonatas. Chronologically And give him to God's service and to me. And wTith this "spirit of the times" has comer speaking, Beethoven's position inhe hisCfef- those vital changes in political andreligious the romantic school is as iiiuch reversed as is May be more golden than the past have been; institutions, the drama, fiction, and music," Shakspeare's, for was not he more than ona That we your children, may in some small way, hundred years in advance of his time? though changes not by any means con Relieve you of the loss you still must bear,'' -temporaneous. Sculpture and architecture , Beethoven wrote but one small collection of In having parted with your honored Lord; first broke. away, though they afterwards ensongs, for he was not a song writer; rather a Whom death alone could separate frcm you, iShaksdeavored to return to their old ideals symphonist- - , The great song writer of ,the , Whose love you trusted most implicity, peare reconsirucieu ine urama uisregaruing romantic school was Shcubet. There were And gave him all a woman has to give. the law of the unities nd giving us, instead of songs before him, songs by Haydn, Mozart, and now much you miss his tender, patient care, mere polishedj rhetoric a sentiment of the those by : Beethoven, beautiful, and touching We cannot ' bpflutifiil flriffa lovft of nattm? hTen'"rneala'' ex)ressiMsof But if our prayers for you are not in vain, to every human hearM Put "it was in the admired as such. But the celebrated German You will be comforted and hopeful still. early part of this ccfitury, in Germany, and "lied," or song as it r became in tjie handsof later in France,-- - that' what is now recognized Shcubertri3 ih"e reaTrz Almost within the finger's reach, as tha romantic school took its first impulse.v art, and a3 such unapproachable. Everything Where happy recognitions will take place, is. full of dramatic fire,- poetry talented band of Its written founders has he were a poets, ' Where love will know no limit, joy no bound,-Whercritics, artists, who left the old regime entirely, and pathos. It is music set, not to simple no misunderstandings will arise, : ZJbiil to" long, and often form as wel 1 as subject,-- demand in g the right ballads or A blest reunion waits for him and you; the best used He for each artist of individual expression accordpoems. complex A unity more perfect than the first ing" to any methods" that best suited his fancy; poetry of the greatest poets, Goethe, Schiller,' Will there exist, and make you one indeed. They Teyived old tales of chivalry and stories Scott, Heine, ShakspeareTT, See the list of There, too, the fair, sweet girls our Father gave .and legends descended from 'the Latin or romantic writers with whom he lived, and To bless your children and adorn their lives f the spirit of his music is not to be wondered at, Romance people of the middle ages,tbus givAnd then recalled, in infant purity W ho ing jhis revolutionary tendency in art and He was a romanticist just as they were. He clung to you. with loving, childish trust, wedded his music to their poems and intensified literature the name "Romanticism" And kindled in your breast such hope and pride In music, Beethoven, whose works we are the spirit lp them; and he did this with an They, too, are there, awaiting, our approach , accustomed to. hear spoken of as classical,. absolute reflection of every change and breath With fond expectation. Oh the change! an Lord teach us how to wait and to prepare Js the great pioneer, founder, and type of this 01 sentiment in the poetry and always with ' fitness, school. His compositions are all classical, in liccoma Again I crave rich blessings upon thee, Oftentimes this dramatic element ana may (jod grant and multiply the same, :. the proper sense of the word classical, and in and variety. i3 so stio ugly painted; there is so much of the fact his .earlier writings are modeled after the Let h'ghter affections go whither they mayr aocoon" present that it seems as if the very of the older classical masters. law andstyle. ' r, And limits of romanticism had been reached- - -- The passions less holy be lost and decay; But oihr(?wiag-)ff"Jhe:ideaWorm::a"ErlkoBniV" is an examnle of this - tendency. Let doubts and suspicions false sympathies sever, end, he wrote to express tne emotions 01 me But may our true friendship endure forever! It is considered the strongest, example of . human iearjtMwi?5, .K9iH!LJR7iJ5E?!fi itt xistenc- e- Indeeil, it rdramaticrEong-writtnherGHm, chivalry, and humor. is a remark often heard 13 always difficult to discern where the line of To miudj andjt my " With a union like that of Naomi and Ruth, flp.markation exists in this dramatic element in musicians and students, Beethoven aiHong truths us its fair Finn as Heaven's own justice, and V makes the same appeal to the emotions through music. V.; Schubert's genius has enabled :tbim, like his great follower Schumann, to do things tWo knrMiafre of sound that Shakespeare makes S. L. City, Dec. 26th. V. that no others have been able to accomplish, to the reader through the medium of speechj Ihe though there have been host3 of But understand;: only the- emotions. the not pretend to do romantic composers who have purely romantic school does SCHOOLS OF MUSIC. limits altogether. more than this.' The classicists gave U3 outline, us leeling and content After Popei to .quote- the proper authorities, tliercmahticists gave is reserved for a later school to attempt poets; turned from the mechanical expression it To all men the best friend i3 virtue; the best '."cin or will be accomplished in aud nice antithetical opposition of thought to what never is to that present a fact, a real picture co m pnjojrsjhighen d ea vo andjhonorable he I ntiic After emotional. freer and more subjects .. antt circumstances, ueeu sentiments. had held men down to the formalities of the of objects, actions, - : i - God-Ac- ' I f . . . ' I ! I . 1 alHIis-promise- s ' - red ; '' i J --- --- -- -- - i i - , . TektirEriWW' out-stretche- d - e , . folk-song- s, : - , : . -- 1 ; ... a ; n- f . g :" so-call- - over-reache- d - , ,- ed 