53 . roof was nt thatched but shingled, there were other building.; on the premises also, and the . . . r .wnoie esiaojisument Doro the name oi "Alby 11 . 1 1 of her departed mother." As she sat by- - the window at 'sunset, propped up with cushions her littler i3ible open before her, a golden gleam of light encircled her sweet, pale face, like a halo of glory from heaven, so thought' Mr3. Alby and her son Robert. Now for V time we must leave little Dama rapidly recovering making herself the center of attrac tion not only to Mrs. Alby, and Kobert, but to their only neighbors the good Scotchman and his wife ( Mr. and Mrs; Douglas) to the faith-- ' fub colored servants who had ii cabin near, but also to all the domestic animals on and around the premises; such patient tireless feet, swift to - pe r form any act of ! o vc o r- -d u ty , m a k i n g- -1 i fe -in this far away home sunny with her presence. I 1 - Lode" ', in the wide open doorway watch; Standing ing their approach wasa kind benevolent - looking woman in a dress of brown woolen, and wide checked gingham apron. It was a long walk for the little child, but the patient feet bore her bravely along until they had reached the broad stonesteps leading to the open door, then they failed her, and tottering towards them, she would have fallen, had it not been for the kind ready hand, etretched out to gave her. "Poor, little irirl sheVso young awl so tired, 1 found her a long way beyond the bill crying as if her heart would break," said the hunter in reply to his mother's tookthe enquiring look. Tenderly Mrs.-Alb- y cnnu in 13 or arras, carried her to tier room and - ; WOMAN'S EX PONENT . al-.mo- .laid Jierddwn u oon her-ow- pnft n wih. -- t. Ii st. : I may as well tell you now, before I pro- ceed fa rtherwhat became e wicked man of-th- if after the mother's this should occur, he was to possess all.amounting to "many thousands of dollars. The mother,who?e health was very delicate, trusted and believed it was in good hands. She had but a slight acquaintance of this man, and in her ignorance of his true character, never doubted his integrity. A bad man is not long at a loss- for ways and means to accomplish his evil purposes, naturally corrupt and covetous at heart, he soon came to look" upon the money in his possession as his own, and to scheme and plan to have it so fa reality.' In the presence of his , Mrs. Hasthe wore a hypocritical mask, but at times ings, hist rue natu re. would Hash out towa rd the child when off his guard, for in, his heart he wished her out of the way; as it regarded the or-Dr- a I . 1 V sister-in-law- toQthe.rLh.ecsBldjwalt k- tenderly. The cveniner following : , , TA p - tliA firsi .vvui uvi ,i;-i:ni:- ' i i : was AChristtria3 glfri KpPirO ciin llHl. tnlnn f.nn. I I. ,1 .v.w.vCuu HMwikcu iium uer uv.f .iieain. .. . . rvu - i i.. itai sue tnaa written the names,and dates of births and deaths of both her husband's parents and of her own, also the name and date of birth of herself, and of her child and of her baptism, and also, dates of all their ma uate of to, s u"o her mothers death in heri'? childish hand. This little Bible was to her a . less and precious, as the gilt of her sainted mother. It is probable. DamaV cruel UjCIe f tW book nor the other iuHugm? iicr joiner had placed in her hands chargnigjierjever to part withfea Ll ivi; - iij- '..' rnrp. ; 1 . r - -- thronfarthe of-frie- - i : i 1 ' objetion-to-benJvingEl- Eor V j - ?s Vui,y (iod,not mine ner darJlDg a last, good- - 1 u ill' .tci J' iiiriiur V-.- f r il 1 1 1 Tfinnrw iu mir faithful to his loved ones, made his appearanco pretending great sorrow, and bitterly bewail., ing the delay of letters, messages, &c, that had been sent (long before the last one,) telling him to hasten as she was fast approaching the dark valley of death, that all must at som time, sooner or later pass through. The hardened' sinner, dissembled well, and succeeded so admirably. p with Mrs; Hastings friends and especially with her most intimate and confidential one as to lead her) to. believe tuub ihuv jfaiua a (vutaiicuicill aull .. JUlUrO . . 1,1 I.' J ii Ji guuu wouiu ue grtany cuiiaiiceci-Dgoing With him. 'Her love for the child, should not," ... . . s ,4 nkn -II i U .1. I i I.J cue ii' L- A oaiu, cvminj:iiuiu:u v v.wu vmw tujyiyvw.tu school he proposed to place her in, had a d care waa taken of reputation, especial the young, and nothing should be left undone to make her happy, nor to give her every advantage of a thorougb education. He also pretended great affection for the child whn " not alone with her. He would visit her often she would he near his place of business, etc, (though what his business was,. none knew but himself.) Ho would faithfully discharge and fulfill the:facred trr;3t and dying request of both parents. In one year at summer vaca- UV4 lUbUlCt X ; li well-earne- (inn trrmtlrl lirSnn VlO Pom 1 I A DC vifhr?if haeitatiVn thPnt. so completely had appearances deceived them, they gave'this so recently orphaned child into his hands a3 they, in ignorance, believed right. It was a sad day, when Dama was forced to take her farewell leave of her little and of the kind good friends of playmates her dear mother gone, to take her departure with a man irora whom she instinctively shrank, and "who she was sure she could not love, to go she knew not whither, or with whom to live.' cr passed onr w h m IS" K5" 'Ksttt oirirr her , from one tn!ap tn .nnnfKoi. o,i I LCI M.nvyvui aUKA various plans to dispose of her: without he took the. course of leavin"1 her in some remote, put of the way part of the West to be found or perish, as already described. Under a well arranged disguise he had traveled and now made his way back as IX , beino-detecte- rarro cnuJ tui 4 speedily as possible: Took . . Y. n sons irora -N. -vWo ho cu -- iu iu un 01 excesses gambling, speculations, etc., borrowed luo 01 neaven to serve Satan his master in," and succeeded by bis address in gaining the affections of agraceful ac- w6rthy comphshed lady with the expectation of cettinc a very large portion of her property, failing in this, after squandering the money defrauded irom the widow and orphan of his brother. h largectTiTiiote upon hl tsiihA J --j the money and fled to from which Germany, 1 u Pack r by the officers Dr?ugt ot Vu theT law, tried, convicted, and sentenced to . ' ; deeds made to witness against him. before good Her friends gave her i& nHrn solemn hlD over ter child f.1fifvnCf and of wishes with regard to the fulfib.ng far as it was in their power so to do. szmzM Aaer at res?.in r mind,she didnot !h?lSe!Td iuut soe must die so youne, her Savior 8 u r- - " request. lih x portetioni forjife. Thus,this artful villian was unmasked; and his - ujsiam land, commendin juuiiicj her. dearly beloved child to the God of tht fatherless, enjoining her friends to keep her daughter and be as father and -- mother when she was gone. She knew them to be and m every way worthy of this sacredunnVht trust and supposed her guardian would not interpose 0LJnakfiny n-- 1n " winter and citutuHingere(Haspiring at the house ujs. in the country, whither she went irom for quiet, and to dio. Peacefully and theity calmly O this unworthy man who had been so earnestly . "i ! U J i iitJmrcapdwitbtheir.liver8he viiLuui j Jkerpar fnlrA iAHcnnn tiu ' a J ' 1 ed destroy it. No sooner had one shock passed away then another was planned, and such was his success in this direction that from the last ?Qock of a fire started in an unoccupied building next to her own, (which communicated ro the roof)- and 'from whirh hth vlu uwovti noivuu i'UH. Alby for her cloak, where, in au inner pocket o iioi enr c. .i.AiA. x cv ivji smeiy, anions nujucs them, a small edition of the Rihlp h bound with gut clasp and her n a m e jngra vc m icuers oi guia on ino outia cover, Thii srm -- w linn n well-feign- nine I The-Fum- bjFJna&ylearfi had consulted in ihe 'cities of the West, that only under the nnst favorable circumstance could life be prolonged but a verv few This to his inward joy and satisfaction,years. (although he pretended otherwise)and to his anxietyrthey had "invariably advised great quiet, removal from scenes of excitement, or from anything that, would have a tendency to distract or disturb peace of mind. Yet, in the face of all this, he secretly, plotted to -- . y who so cruelly "deserted thfs child of his brother by the same father, after having by aHfurnTean?induced blrii to place all hii property in hk hands for the b'encfit and best interest, (as in his weakness he wa3 persuaded to believe) of both his wife and child, and therefore in accordance (wit h the written request of the d yirig father) he was appointed Wal guardian of his niece having in trust until she became of age, or ia case of her death previous, ph -iti ii uu cariujy iaing3 cca . . " prepared her warm drink and food without delay, afterward removing her cloak, wraps, and traveling bag she had carried in her hand, carefully taking note cf each article of her apparel as she prepared for bathing. The poor baby, tired limbs, and fctfc as well weri tenderly, with the hope that by preparing them for rest through the long night, the weary child ... ,,vlJ" juuy eu m uic morning. Yet for more than three days the child was alarmingly ill, oiten murmuring of "dear mamma," asking where she was going, and frequently starting a3 from some frightful dream, clioging convulsively to the kind watcher whose assiduous and unwearying care could not have been more, had she been her own offspring. There was no regular.Physician . practising medicine within fifteen miles time) to be consulted, but under skill- (at uthat -I jui uurdiug, ere a weeic ' haa passed she wa3 happily convalescent. u i nave had such Etrange dreams " said 'Btiu'uuv juuimug iiuiuiug out ner mile thin hands to the' kind woman who $af! nursed her so patientlv. ''I want frn lova wamI A T uu tuvu you iur oemg so Kind to me a icin i .. cmn k Ihoh fnt ,vi" fhllfll v,"v ' " Mia ciuan uuuiis tiit up over the eyes flooded with tears which she could r not restrain. For a few moments not a word was spoken. Weeping, will relieve her, Mrs. Alby, then she gently wiped thought away the tears, smoothed back the do hair from her pure, white forehead Innl fn- eome moments into her still sad face, while a more intense feeling of tenderne33took possesion of her soul as the imago of a beautiful of her own, lomr since laid awav in th girl of death came to her mind; she sighed heavily as the mother-lov- e for the darling gone came rushing back with renewed force into her heart .andJiending down to the little girl kissed her lic.A i ciusou ucr - ucauuiui ' forever. works.-i- ?. IFAay. ' ; : ;r Where necessitv begin; and no sooner are we supplied with ' everything nature can demand than we sit down to contrive artificial appetites.U-jiAno- n. The impertmea married women will be allowed to teach in the. , public- schools. This time it ia in A .IDClnDattl movement has! beert- - a on foot tbere prohibit married 'women trom occupying positions as teachers. " Z .; I '1 Ex. -- , : I lon"-tim- . ' T -- e "' 