WOMAN'S" EXP 0 N ENT. 143. . Mean lime other young people though older were m iking rapid strides in ad than; fiep-iievauCameii4ind'a'e6m)aiiy of Saint.i were pre spring- was open paring to go to Nauvoo;-th- e about and in forty of those April, ing,, early who had received the uospel were expecting the furnace of trial, so good and noble as you ahd. expression betrayed the interest she felt in every feature of her striking " the's-ubiect- : , -- Tour. hadlri ctore f r her.. The wed ding3 were cele brated, notwithstanding llep-i- s serious ob- jectioii3, wnich, as the parties Knew nothing of, could not atTect'them in the Ieat. On the caned on oaujrody evening wicy iv to inquire if she intended going to Hepsie , , t e to starts Among these wereseveral unmarried men and maidens, and the fathers and mother thought it would advisable to have those .who were old enough, marry perhaps, jeing New Engl.iH.Iers, they preferred .their sons and " daughters to marry there, rather than in the ' G rea West," ofwhichr i n tho?e d ays, East cru peopl e:: had imany. pecul iaran die r u j (Ti d ea i: So those young folks were paired oT, so to speak, 'Matches are made in heaven," it is said; but of these few, it is doubtful, at lt'ast so thought Lucy Reynolds and her little friend . formed. "No. indftt'd. plied excjtedlyv "I'-i(le- " ' V-- ... . .- - '- ; . .. . - . 1 - . - . . - fn T 9 - terrupted by Mrs. II who came to tell ized on Sunday next,and on Tuesday the company would start for Nativeoand she added, How I wish I could take my family and go with them. X long to see JNauvoo, and the But she knew Prophet, and hear his voice. that she could not go then, yet the spirU of the gathering was upon her, and she tried to im press ilepaie with it; the child had not par- taken sufficiently of the spirit of the Gospel to enjoy and appreciate its blessings' and privileges. At present her mint! was occupied with these marriages," as she termed them, and the lack of true love, she fancied there was in the unions about to be formed. : ; L "I shall belidTwlien "they are all gone to Nauvoo," she sai i one day to Lucy. "I know yo u will feel m u eh h a ppi er,y o u seem so d own- "ill-assorte- d " -'- uu jLjcvitu, . ... i . ii iuii M ..; " Hail ktu you. to nems wire and taken you with him, vou would not need mourn .for Hptirv." . . j lep . love; can one overcome j it so soonr : with a little pride; when-- a man slights you because of your belief, let him see you can look higher; show him you have some spirit, if you are a 'Mormon.' " "We shall see in time, my dear; you see, you are not iu love, and never have been, and yet "'"" J"" uvn ' muiu uiau hiiijc nliU Uiivc had an experience; don't you know, child, mat one must have experience iu a matter before judging it?" . "You have had. a kind of sad experience, Lucy. I.am afraid I should not come out of. "les. at the high; school T'i?IVi Plrrv vnn rd rr.ilnnr Won.! - t f ... .... t . ii -- ttu tuuiu an go. 10 iauvoo now." 1 nave no I w nnf oilier wish' at inU t;ithpi ' M,1JVI JIaine. and does not even know that we have been baptized, and we caunot leave grandmother you know. She will not listen to a Mt7rSon"Erder7 and so the prospect looks 4T .t-,.tt:i- Jim O .i ! - i nr-s-it- - 1 t w W uu-a- v A m . aarK ior us. 7 On Sunday, according to previous arrangement-, "the meeting was held at the residence Of One Of the lofal KMpinI n lifth. rlitnnnA -ouU rofi-j- the--v il Iage7-an- d them arria y esver e" solemnized alter tut close ot ther6erviccs;:hve . -- - r fr this-princ- iple grandeur, any other I have heard, extending into the ages of the past and giving the living, Mrs. Hathaway power to redeem the dead. had spoken eloquently, and Hepsie was gradually coming to a knowledge, of the .truth; ,un- - consciously, almost, her senses were being . qui ck e u ed ; J i t tie by little' h e r min d was ofTered to grasp the priceless-treasure- s so freely, and which the pride of the vrld and her ambition had nearly hidden irom her ex-paudin- g- view'i lessons and vocal music too, "Do you suppose lovo has anything, to do "I Tl?ra " f'rnm flip p -- a tutious of learning, that will be built there; for the- Prophet Joseph. Smith believes in the -- wilh the affair?" "I am sure Pean't tell, but it may be better n . f l r iiwn (tlfi attni Ti itfi iffm ought to be right. "We shall see, Lucy; but then you broke .and T pnnnop vnnr piifTncrp.nie.nt- iVr ririiinit)lfJ ' i j are o o to ready marry for principle" ji you "liepsie, you jump at conclusions; 1 .am not likely to marry at all, and if I "do, I hone :..'L: to be a truly devoted wife." . "Mother has talked it over with Elder Mc G and he says it will be best, and that when mother is readv to to Nan vooT. shall 4It8 a great pity, said the, child one day th'dt you are not going to be toIiss R married 4o young Mr. W . instead of old A. She has no that scheming maid. C. and no I doubt if she is sentiment; education, - ' r . try-t- o nrlvlr-- -- sincere in reliHon evraShewill him happy, and you could, and would. "How is it, Hepsie, said Miss R- ,tbat in love areinteresting always yourself you Id wou irs? One think you an oracle, the atfi way, you deliver opinions; . but how do you ? is going to marry C know Mr. W ' He surely will not." "Oh yes, he will; she has talked it over with . , i i i mother, and more man mat, hi3 brother r - is and she U going to marry Miss M. L far, worse.", ."Well, I am surprised," replied am going away to claimed, " What can we do for the dead? What do you mean, mother; can wTe talk to them?" In a moment her mother saw the drift of her thoughts and hastened to explain: "You are familiar with the Bible and have read it" through carefully. Do you not remember in the where .Lpistle of iaul to the, LoriuthiabsV' . 1 t 111.1 u says, r,ise wnat snau xney tio wnicn are neuu rise not at uafjuiWi-ior-uiB 'Utiupn-uj- e all? AVhxr thnn nrr fhAv htf i7Al flc' dead?" To me, Tsurpasses in . rp- - i devote allif' my tune to study, and let love anairs aione. 'Wiiere are you going, child; to Buitdn? It seems to ine you ought not to go without 1 ana : - am not." Hemift T sI t Hepsje. little dream?d what the future Hep-ii- e -- couples were united iu the holy bonds of matri- J J Q V j i,. .A iJU - 1 . 1 red-lett- . er 1" e iumn Tim i LO UJ LJJC r?,r,i "V i;r3 j ' were manifest, aud many testimonies of the truth were added to those already received for the fctrenetheninsrof this little hami hnmhlo Latter day Saints. - M rs. Hathaway went Thome rejoicing in the glorious truths she had heard, and son after her return, onened nn m .nnrwcti n.M, -- had who remained Jlepiiie, awaj ;rom the' iuv cuug, uuuirury 10 uer momer s wishes. She related full particulars of the marriage ceremonies, dwelling especially on the impressive ness of the service as compared with marriages witnessed elsewhere. She was full nf f;?i, zealous in the iuterens of the cause she had receptly espoused; and to her, everything pertaining to the Gospel seemed sublime and Kui'meToii - fir "" i-- -- piecious.-l- prejuriices-o- f sectarianism that are often so stron-- and hard 'to myveight with her; she cast them aside as so he ? held her m bondage, and buckled on the new and bright armor the Gospel, jvithout the of 11 v5lfyofhaonlyh Jul of those at io a.-- k JJiiU - e nave been a convincing you could never have mrgotten the rlow of . ucuuuuit-uaucesindeed it was heavenly " but better, almost,' tha -- .. wv 1. iuai jl nave and much heard, as I have enjoyed the teach- -- .. ' i n Y lime tO I have never heardVny thing iiWU that affected so much as time, me O i i R. S., Y. L. M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS ST. CHARLES STAKE. Editor Woman's Exponent: - The Primary Associations of Bear Lake S'tlkh6Gi'itulirsriaTTflym ' Head- - a u arters. are, we believe, prospering fairly. This Stake reaches into a portion of Utah, "Idaho and Wvomin.'and ftonsennpntl v Hps in fbrpp pniin. ties; and to visit theStaketwicedurin? the year. which- - the Presidency aim to do, is a work of no small magnitude. Ihere are zl Associations in the Stake with over eleven hundred members who will eventually become a power in the land, and with parents, Primary. Sunday School, and other teachers rests the responsibility of mak ing mat power a support or a hindrance to the Priesthood and the work of God.' The local officers are faithful to their duties and seem to comprehend the importance of their mission. If one doubts that it reaniresa vast amount of wisdom, energy and patience to successfully conduct an organization of this nature, let him try it. : Associations liave contributed over $100 yjrz to the hiagnificent Tabernacle recently com- psvtu ju una oiane, auu nave aiso rurnisned it with nearly 200 yds. of carpet for the aisles. : :iJMma very young girls, iu the iii,cipxtmijon, it would speaking . - A. UU1 college, were married fn ihft viimo- Apt nf T.?it. oiw-- 1 1 . . . r kuau .... nliri fjKjKcij as uni;uwiu,,jjuvj,auu:.ucpm suitable fiOiirirtmnns' fnr ihnea tcfinwl n,l jearned young men. It was a day .1 fl r ft ... ..v.,,, w.gc.iit,ov4 Miauvu, ami .1 iiieic was l On the Tuesday following, as had been ex-- " pected,' a company of about forty persons, ment women and children, members oof the Church in the village of B , started on their journey to Nauvoo; traveling by land in ' wagon-- : they were joined by; several others from adjacent towns, so that the company numbered abouteiidit vjsouls Thi&-wa- 3 early in the spiing of 1842." It was an event of much significance, to those interested, and caused quite an excitement in the quiet village, where; erstwhile, year "after year, things had hnr onmv a onnp. no so rprrnlnrltr. now thpl-new departurerand naturally enough if aroused . ' . t 1 tne indignation or the clergy, and provoked ' much animated discussion. r - what Elder V'said toabout day baptism for the dead " Hepsie was thoroughly aroused now, though -she had iHtentd her listfely before, altitude and is well attended,. The time is occupied the who principally by entertain children, their parents and friends with an infprpfincr and well rendered programme. vve earnestly hope that much good will be the result of all lahors dirpptP1 mmm tlP children ot the. Saints, that when thp; time- comes for them' to shoulder the responsibilities riOW resting Unon fiJdpr that tha mnr! physical and intellectual training thev are re ceiving will enable them to better perform . ... , those duties. . nn. . : ANNIE-LAKUBTPre- Jan. 15, 1890. ST" y.- -i 