WOMAN'S of the house of. .Maria the pictures is one h the astron ome rr from-thshe discovered the comet that first brought her fame. One of the pictures is the parlor idlH. H.'s home. The home of Madame DeStael at Coppet is another. Each paragraph contains amoral or maxim that is worth committing to memory. One or two may give an idea of the value of these short sentences. People think they know oof-of-w- e - hk: them--selves-becau- they Frederika-Breme- are-untr- ied. r. VVork; work, this is my unfailing cure for all troubles. Lydia Maria Child. Duty only frowns when you flee from it; follow it, and it smiles upon you. Carmen Svlva. Wars are or ganized mobs. Clara Barton. Show me the mothers of a country and I will tell you of its sons, Ufa ry SeytMUTHmeJ2 .can no.!; Jbe. Ju..w.eiedLwit h oniaiiliaacL t suffering also. Ednah D. Cheney. I do not see how we are to govern others unless we first learn out-Jtha- to govern ourselves. St. Catharine of Siena, Gossip pretending to have the eyes of an Argus, has all the blindness of a bat. Ouida. The Calendar contains 24 pages of reading matter, all rich with gems of thought. THE SISTERS IN CANADA. Dear Exponent: Our life here seems uneventful compared to Yrinntb ha Vnlir in i'ripar.IItah.'i v.uvv, I J our return, ana yet much has happened that was important to us. 1 am perhaps vain when I fancy it may be of interest to many dear friends in the "land of my birth," to relate some of them. My dear mother s presence here was the signal for many pleasant gatherings,' for spirited and spiritual feasts, when the gifts were ours and she leemea ine numDie ana cnosen one to be like a ministering angel to us, giving new Courage and patience.by her cheerful precepts and example.but ' like mnst nf nnr earlhK' invs :hf hat Ipft n I trust for a season. Perhaps she has told you of ou r Fair,- held joi n tly by th e R S Yr hr M r I r A., and the Primary Association. Like all such affairs it was a big success, we all opened our to see how many useful,' -pretty and necessary eyes articles were in our possession, how wonderfully smart our little ones are, and what great big delicious, vegetables we have In abundence, a turnip in at ncigucu .fiUS. jiua. Eleven putilUC Golden butter, white bread, pies, cakes and tarts all made by the deft little fingers of our dear child ren. Then the agreeable and genuine, surprise given by the Pres. and members of the Relief S titi e t v tti th e i rz h loved : Pre s i d e n t.iS f s t e r 7J n a "Our mother" as they call her. We had a charming visit from Prof. Saunders, uov. Agent For the Experimental Farms, of which there are five. He came to see what progress we were making as agriculturists, expressed himself as surprised and pleased with our progress, and Dredicted a. r 7 ' Mr. Ross, Superentendent and builder of the . J- .. T rj. xv. us a ne is., can, racnit; gave gicii Came to look at the country with a view to build, ing a new road from Edmonton some 500 miles north, down through this section of country across the line. The new road vill be the highway for coal, coal oil, minerals, timber and the products of the ranchers and farmers of this great " 1 &. .hrjxrMnd.-nrnsnje.rnujt-futurAr-tjfc.'- C9 . J, T- - " lanrl. . . - ...... .... The opening of the Canadian and Great Falls EXPONENT. 101 can guarantee to keep you coofTn Summer and Warm in winter. John T. Caine is elected, some may say, what's that to you? Just let me whisper in your ear, was bom in Az,and every thing that effects her finds an echo in my heart, do you think any Utah boy ot girl could read the rousing speeches from our own faithful sons, fathers and husbands without saying "God bless and help them forever?" Often my soul is s.ngtngr ' "O dear Utah I sigh for thee in vain. Fain would I die to free thee from the despot's iron chain; Once thou coulds't boast of freedom in thy mountains vales and glens, . 01 give me back those good old days, and my., dear old home again!" - - 1 11 1 1 the hearts of "hefm'ounlaTn would not, could not live, there now. Why? because the holy priesthood has said my place was here. So my wings are "folded, content in my nest, I sing, no I mean chirp to my little brood, try to be content with all the changes that find me, some unprepared and some otherwise amongst the former was the 'Manifesto," it took my breath away, but it gradually narrowed down from what at first seemed a strange pil! to the very draught Jhatwas needed in our present state, religiously and politically. It has caused some comment here from various stand points, but we ie elountrue positionjsUc no w rwand-- a ppre da ted now as it could not be before the issuing of the Manifesto, and the saints here as a whole all feel our leaders are carrying on Christ's work to victory and are one with the saints in the land of Zion. Hum! I fear you will think me tedious so will just add, the health of the saints is excellent; weather delightful. Pres. Card's brief visit filled ail witrrtie begin next week with Sterling Williams as. teacher. All our Societies are in excellent running order. ... Love to all the dear ones, a nd hope-- 1 f any fe el that they are neglected they will know they live with truer an ties in the heart of their absent sister and Zina Y. Card. Cardston, Alberta Canada, Nov. 20, 1890. . re-elect- . Syracuse, N. Y., Dec, Oh wrestling heart when sick and weary, Cowed beneath life's weight of woe; In meekness thou hast learned thy duty, And chose to walk the narrow way. But yet how prone to shrink from duty, E'en when tho voice of Father calb, . In His love and tender mercy, To prove and purify thy soul. I I "e chooses 'those ' whd're true "and wll ting" To keep the strait aud narrow way, Where gentle dews from heaven are falling. Lighting sorrow's cloudiest day. The back He fits to bear its burden The wounds He heals, the heart makes glad, Unfathomed love is ever shedding. , t eaQen,ose,wlio trust in God. , , .. " tending.r.ta-a4- Its been decreed that all that's earthly, Must meet with change and pass away; Through toi! and pain that we're made holy, To gain a crown of endless day. All such are safe whate'er betide them, A PROPHECY. Mrs. Harriet M..Van Hoesen lives in what is left of the old Gibbs mansion in township Lafayette, ten miles south of" Syracuse. It was - . , .,Sheltered.in the Savior's iidck, ; 'Neath that fount whence peac is flowing ' Cleaving close the Smitten Rock. Helen M. Whitney. - tion tor a proposed academy for its study, which, on account ot the lack of funds was never was 4he4 n erer- - comt) leted M r&r a 4 loesa4; world's horoscope, and deduces that from Adam ' as-rea- d Fair type of womanhood, we see you proudly stand Back through the century, first lady of the land; V ith love and reverence in your tender eyes; Each thought a joy, each word a glad surprise. Upon the threshold of the brave and free, i JMestess and prophetess f tha yet to be- - E'en from the hour when by our chieftain's side e terioration of the humin soul utterly out of pro portion to any known benefit to the human body gained thereby, the practice of it thus reversing the teachings of Christianity, 37"ResolvedTharwe wilW develop sentiment against it, and because wedo not believe in half measures, nor in licensing any evil, we will do this with a view to securing legis lation for its total prohibition. vwn;j . . MARTHA WASHINGTON. At the Annual Contention of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union held in Atlanta, Ga., in November, the resolution following was offered by the newly elected Superintendent of the Department of Mercy, Mrs. Mary F. Lovell of Bryn Mawr, Pa., and adopted: Whereas we believe vivisection to be cruel. un j3ceisyand.deroQrali2:iiig, 14, 1S90. TRUST AND DUTY. A RESOLUTION. fc" -- il-w- sj ' rr:r riendrZ now occupied by owls and bats and Mrs. Van Hoesen.- - She is adisipleLJhestrt-of- 1 1800-year- -- -- What-jenreale- m oncepalatialscQuntrymsiden and gives a new impetus to business generally. Now my dear friends if you want to come and nn v rv m pc xr rncr acp lis. rpmpm npr ir votmbnnt thPsam as a trintr tn Sn Franrkrn.3 . or less, and you can get here inside of four days. We do not live in an tden, nor without nard work, but we have plenty to eat, plenty to weari 1800 that as ' ' years" frodi the' flood to the destruction"of Sodom and Gomorrah; 1800 years from that time to the last ten years of the first century, A. D., when three cities were destroyed, and that the next period now coming to a close, will witness the destruction of wicked. In February, 1S91, the Mormons will rise up against the Gentiles, and "a plague will cut of the wicked, except such as may flee to the house of refuge, which those who wilMfee to the hills in the dreadful times. She says that nearly all ministers and leaders of ..labor organizations are Mormons, secretly. She predicts that there will be only one more presidential election, and that Harrison will be The millennium now about to be --followed begin-mll to the flood was You guarded destiny with royal sceptre then, While heaven was moulding future deeds of men. .Peerless and grand, untiring and true, Each morning brought its task of work to do. And when the evening came, at set of sun, . Angels recorded work your hands had done. You. brought to Washington, the power of wealth,- But richer far the gift, when giving him yoursel'; For 'mid the tumult of war's trying hour, You gave the baptism of a subtle power That cleared the darkness from the skies above, You gave him courage, while you gave him love. While through th,e ages we shall sing the name jQf himr who led our country on to fame; r.:, -t Woman shall claim the noble right divine, To drape fresh garlands 'round our hero's shrine; .Flowers born of tears, and purity and truth, Crowned with endowment of perpetual youth. we march the onwardupward way; le Let no base coward ever dare to say That Aashington in victory ever stood alone, The wife he loved, was power behind the throne ! MRS.-Mar... Ev Kail. : ;i D. 7U1 1889. C., Nlay VVashiiigton, Yet-whi- ' Ex. 