' WOMAN'S EXPONENT 12 :. ' cal growth be realized; and to assist in bringing when and in fall and pieces, earth shall totter the of about this result is the earnest desire of its and it sought fought-againsthose who have fers nf the Latter-da- y Saints' College." overthrow have past away and their names are contains terms of admission, tuicircular The the for forROtten.Zioii.wni assuredly triumph and traveling etc. Deincidental Editor, expenses, and EMMELLE D. WELLS, tion, it foretold have prophets ancient and modern with the names of all the branches partment, fulfillment, of fail - iuM;-hewords cannot their Term?: In Salt'. Lake City, Utah ' Church taught including courses in Theology, language of the destruction No cts. the 50 one who seek "those BS'inonths, copy year, enecopy and history, latin, German and Spanish, phonogreduction made for clubs. City papere delivered by mail, and aim at the youth of Zion whom they look busiextra for pontage one year, 23 ctv elocution, Courses in Mathematics, the of wide raphy, lawful are straying; as prey, upon Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ness courses and science and agriculture. Norand fathers mothers; the mark-iDersecuting ipace, one time, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A libera discount cords of mal Department; Ladies' Class includes beides to regular advertisers. they are only fastening more firmly the and other, topics, systematic ExroNE.VT office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street.econd Saints hygiene union and love that .bind the. Latter-dagate east of Descrct News Office. Business hours frQpj 10 jum- - tozeTher.and calistbenic drill, and instruction in various aimed at the religious or blow every to f p.m. every dajvexcept Sunday Zl rJ" branches of needle work. Graduation, Records, political liberty of the parents causes a spirit of Address ail business commtmicAtiorislo" the Library, the Field Club, and the anew in Apparatus, ' to reverence and admiration springrup ' . PUBLISH ERJWQJIAN'S EXPONENT, Students Society. All these subjects are care-ful- ly for the nobility and of the hearts the h.- "young, "'"""ZTZ II- - I!-- -Cit v'TJta Lake alt explained in the circular. Weekly meetings charity which characterizes those thus deprived of Entered 'at ''the' Tost Office in Bait Lake City, Utah, as of the Faculty are held for the purpose of rethe sacred and .inalienable rights of free. American Second Class Matter, to the porting and considering matters pertaining citizens, and they begin to comprehend wherein school. the Saints under June- - 25, 189a lies the strength that supports Salt. Lake City, The Executive Committer of the. Stake Board such trying and adverse circumstances. Those MrCarrnO&T of Educatjfln.are-Ang- us who-haheretofore been careless and indifferent THE CHURCH PRO P E RT YQU EST I ON r on th e.s e5iibiect&- -a r e -- 1 h us-- ad eIh ougrTtTui an d "Dougail, W. A. Rossiter. All communications should be sent to the principal Dr. ) . E. Talmage and the seeds of the Gospel implanted inquiring ormon" Church pro- P. O. Box 1047, Salt Lake City. in their hearts, begins to show forth in the bloshave seems to interest a aroused Saints perty greater It is a great satisfaction to the Latter-da- y soms that will in the near future yield abundant and more newspaper talk thai anything else the that Church schools have been established,where-i- n fruit. The children will carry out the designs government has done with a view of breaking up and the children while drinking at the fountain of purposes of the parents and there is no fear the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. that the strength of Zion will be lessened, or her knowledge, may imbibe also portions of the Holy-SpiriMany of the journals and daily papers have which Spirit leadeth into all truth, giving a numbers decreased because of persecution. spoken of it as a dangerous experiment, for a sure key whereby one may interpret correctly the These things are grievous to' be sure they free government, while they sustain all that tends wisdom of the world and not be deceived therein. cause sorrow and heartaches but in the Proto abolish the practise of polygamy (termed vidence of God all will be made right, and Looking back over the past one cannot help plural marriage) and to punish all offenders, yet those who endure will come off more than feeling that this step would have been a great the taking of the public property has been in the'severeTofdeal they advantage to .those now grown Jo manhood and many instances condemned strongly by the public" for has "He not said womanhood. Too much care cannot be taken of have to press and by many of those who visit Utah, people may shall be pass through, times ' the youth of Zion not only in the home, the Sabasoldseven purified. . of influence and also those persons whom the they bath School and Young Peoples' Associations,but people meet in their journeyings. To many it in the school room as well, that the children mayseemsla -- Abject of wonderment, and they can LATTER-DASAINTS' COLLEGE. be preserved In the purity of the faith. scarcely credit that such a thing could be done, ' in free America. We have before us the "Annual Circular of the Even in Congress it seems to have been quesLatter-da- y HISTO RI CAL CAN TAT A . Saints' College" for the coming year tionable although the majority of the. Supreme commencing September 1, 189 and closing May Court decided that jt was the proper thing to dof 22nd, Irs. Susa Young Gates has written for the 1891, divided into two terms, the first six-- The matter of how this money, shall be approchildren a historical cantata en titled. "The Life-oteen weeks.the second twenty weeks. The winter priated is another subject for differences4 of Brigham "Young," the music was composed by here Jjjai)QpartH'aHy'--SenaloT'opinion, again Prof. H. E. Giles; the jcantetaroered-in-- " Jan. 4, 1 891. E'dmunds" and his colleagues to show what ProTO"J"une7rbonor of the birthday of Pres. The teachers power 'James arj have and can to they use, dispose of the jpronerty. Phr DrrPrincTpal Willard Done and Young, June 1, which is being kept by. the PriJoseph Nel ldjyrusUiy4he-Churc- h rfoF pTiFlic"us"esa!id son Counselors, with. John J. Walton, Richard mary Associations. This year the first of June "benefits. Why Senator Edmunds and some few -Haaginaructors and TMrsTGamilla Cobb, Lady was Sunday, consequently the celebrations were olheLcongresinen,whohave theTameorrof an7 Superintendent, also Evan as soon after as could be made convenient. Stephens, teacher of tagonism towards this Church should be so Vocal music. Lectures The cantata opens with a chorus, "We meet are to be given by Elder anxious to immediately dispose of the means y to celebrate the birth of Brigham Young. George Reynolds on the Book of Mormon, Elder which has been the accumulation of Then follows a "Dialogue with events in his life years of toil John Nicholson, Theology, 'Seymour B. Young and the blessing of the Lord, is very in the year 1830." Closing chorus, "Born in a strange n M.D., Sanitary Science, Hon. F. S. Richards, backwoods cottage." Political Science, Richard W. Young L. L. D., He appears specially anxious to make himself Part II. "The restoration of the Gospel." Commerical Law, Don C. Young C. E., Archiconspicuous through his interference with Utah tecture, Romania B. Pratt M. D., Hygiene for tnorus, "tome listen to tne story given. affairs, no matter how far removed from '.his pro. Wome.n, Bishop Dialogue containing points of history from i8r mitney------ vince to meddle in them. He knows nothing 101847." "Oh dreary comes," by Misses Li a a historical sketch of the people-tTh- o have given this" school which was first co!I1i,X-fiLttGates and Ida BoshardrChorus, "God"give?fo called the Salt Lake Stake means to the building of Temples and the man'His Spirit." spread Academy, bu wjisjast of the Gospel with all his " Part III. Entrance of the Pioneers. T his statesmanship and day Saints' College, and on April 7th, of this year is not polimtiy;nd.tefluenhe death. Pioneer song. Mourn for the Pophet the College was appointed "the Central Normal to judge in the least the motives or competent acts of the College of: the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y dead." Invisible Chorus "Lift up yourJearts." the people whose principles he so ' Final chorus, "Brigham Young stands bside the strongly con, Saints." r demns. the throne." - - The sketch" closes with the following . The Gospel, in its para simplicity teaches the humblest Latter-daSaint things far above lib graph ejcareeffTtrie sehoorturrngllouieas I VZ11 INTERESTING 'IEETlgS.7 of its active operation is now a matter of record therweaktHngs oHhe world to confound the both in the archives of the and in the institution, wise. If he imagines that- the AT THE RESIDENCE OF SISTEF SARAH JANE spoiling of the hearts and memories of its patrons. It is there- CANNON, CANNON FAiM'J worldly goodslof the Saints of God will lessen fore with pleasurable anticipations, and a firm re" their faith; then he will be iiance upon the continued and increased greatly disappointed, will plant more firmly the roots of the support . Minutes of the Y. L M. I A. of Farmet's tree of of pm people that we issue the' circular for the hfe and knowledge that has Ward held June 6th, 1890 at i?a. m. at the resisprung up on this fifth academic year. The American continent. patronage bestowed in dence of Sister Sarah J. Canr;n. Meeting opened the past is a con vinclng proof that the people reco-;- ?! Congress cannot break in pieces the Church of 'Come by Follow Me." Prayer was singing the necessity of an educational whicV offered Jesus Christ, it is founded upon a rock' system that is shall provide for the harmonious by Sister Margaret eart Continued by sure and steadfast, the rock of divine development of singing "Earth with her en revelation the mental and spiritual faculties and it will stand secure when tne of thehildren kingdoms of the attendance, Sister Zina D. H. Yc.ng then addressed the : Woman 'S Exponent d semi-monthl- t y, 1.00--on- e and-habi- t y - - -- . ---- " d m " t . Y f to-da- in-dee- d. : T4e-irculafconta- ins e 1 . , . y -- - -- . 