WOMAN'S EXPONENT. young ladies, urging them to majck good use of their time in youth. We will be blessed by study "'Iti'g sentiments from the different. Church works and always try and respond with one wherwoux name is called from the roll. Sister Mary Freeze said she" always felt as if prayer was of great importance to. the young girls.; We should always try to follow' in the footsteps of the Savior. Thought we should read the Church works especially the "Story of the Book of Mormon' because we know it was translated by the power of God. Attend to all" your meetings, Fast meeting is" always a spiritual meet- ing and the spirit of God is often manifested greatly. Strive to become perfect even as your Father in heaven is perfect. Sister Delia Eardly thought we should set an example at all times worthy to be followed after. We should never thinkwe have too., much work always be willing to', do any , to doTbut 13 spoke of the little respect some people manifested a good place to suggested thaf the Primary-wa- s for that holy day. "We should do lill in our begin teaching, the children. power to have our children orrow un nure and Sister J. S Richards- made some further sugVre ouht to hf'ihlf "honest. h COT ihi - w tr ill w UVUI O (411 HJkiiijO gestions upon the same subject, and also in whatsoever may come and, keep the faith." Reto the care of children. ferred to the work for the dead and told us how Sister S. M. Kimball followed in the same and it was to minister for the degood glorious strain speaking of her mother's teaching and ex' in ones the house of the Lord. parted, ample in these matters when she was. a child; Dr. E. S. Barney said she had had a great and also .spake of its having become common in many, thoughts during the"" morning" 'meeting and some of. th el Churches . to have wome n a ct as also in the afternoon;;il had :beeCa"featolielv . . .. .rDeaconssses;" Spoke upon prayer, and of faith, she had seen Sister E. Woodruff made a few closing remarks, her sister healed almost, instantly, afterhaving spoke of the fast she had enjoyed and again used crutches a year and a half. Made some rethanked the sisters for their visit. Meeting ad- -, marks upon order, and thought our children ought journed for two weeks, singing, upraise ye the; to be more inclined to obey and to attend meet Lord," dismissed with prayer by Sister Delight Woodruff. ing; we. must prepare ourselves to meet the Lord; related items concerning her travels among M. A. Cannon" Sec." the people giving instruction to" th youngTadies; ftejrh ihojighUf-thaaughter- s of ZitrarvmildltvTaslHey" had a sociable time in talking over current events -- whlc.hili4brward-Gt3d1s,wofkr ought, they could accomplish great things. and later repaired to the dining room to partake of Sister-Sara- h felt Sister Jane Freeze M. Kimball desired to speak to pleased to see an in a most excellent; dinner, which had been precrease in the attendance of the society thought benefit the sisters, alluded to a visit she had made pared for the occasion. The bouquets of roses the young ladies were doing a good work. The. with Sister Snow when language was given them and other fragrant flowers added greatly to the older sisters should assist the younger ones by to benefit each other. Spoke upon order in our appearance ot the room and gave zest to the apbearing their testimonies of the truth of the work meetings and public places of worship. petites of the guests.; About this time President of God. Do not find fault with each other we Woodruff arrived his kind and fatherly manner and President Zina D. II. Young said there had All have our faults and we should try to over been a great many good points touched upon, presence giving still greater pleasure to those look them in others. Each one work with a deassembled under Sister Cannon's hospitable said she loved to bear her testimony', urged the sire to make the meetings a success. roof. It was a day to be. treasured in memory's sisters to exert themselves to overcome all imperSister Phelps'said she knew we had come Zn fections and weaknesses, jmd seek alvvay to keep cabinet. this earth for a purpose and as young ladies we the spirit of God, and live so as to claim the blesss hou Id J)T obTdl e ntlJo Lou r parents A good ings of the Gospel. ;iv.. L; D. S W O MENS ' ME ETj N G S. makes a and daughter always good wife, .Pres. Emma Woodruff thanked the sisters for good mother. Testified of how we could obtain blesscoming and for the good instruction they had Synopsis of minutes of generaljneeting held in', faith and God bless given to the Society. ings, through prayer. "May the 14th Ward hall in this City May 2411,1890 you that you may grow up to be noble women in - Sister Taylor spoke of the wonderful manifescommencing at 2 p. m., Pres7M. I. Home pre4L.1UU. tations empower, she had seen in the old country, siding. Singing "Welcome best of all good meetSister S. M. Kimball said: "Our greatest happi-nes- s and the sacrifice she had made in home, ings," prayer by Sister Julia Pack, singing "O, leaving is obtained by receiving the spirit of God, children and all for the Gospel, hoped to do a and may God grant a portion of this spirit to be work fur her dead in the Temple. and accepted, also the minutes of the nth Ward with you. Sister Margeret Peart expressed her pleasure P. A. Pres. Home made opening remarks welWe should appreciate this privilege which- we in meeting with sisters, and hearing so many good comed all, was pleased to see Sister Zina- - Young have of meeting together and being blessed with subjects spoken upon; desired to be a hjslpjji; to iGhurck: 'testified to the truth of th.e.rA'iPjiddress.tbe meeting- rSister Emily S. Richards then gave, some very JhGoipeLw4iichwe-have-erabraced- 7 r ," Sister Zina Card expressed her pleasure good instructions after whichhraioTf salig"7The' Sister E. B. Wells, spoke upon faith and the with the sisters at the fountain head, she glorious day." Benediction by Dr. E. S. Barney. building up of Zion, thought there would notbe .had been away- - a dong-timereIatedsome of her ViLATE Peart, Sec. , greater trials than we" ''"woul'd'BaDTelo Fear in experiences in helping build up a new colony; After the close of the meeting a delicious lunch cheerfulness, thought we should exert ourselves she gave some very good advice urging the sisters was served and lively and spirited conversation I to help each other in the labors we have in "our o be .true to their covenants, to remember the until time for the afternoon meeting came. Meanorganizations; these have been a great blessing to r time other sisters had arrived from the City with coujiseMftat had us . all, desired to dedicate her time and all the homes to their enemies, to be united In doing: Pres. J ane S. Richards fr en. Following best energies she posssessed to do good in the good, and not criticise those in authority nor find are the minutes of the meetin: kingdom of God. fault with their brethren and sisters; related a RELIEF SOCIETV FARMER'S WARD. Dr. R. B. Pratt said she loved to attend the dream her uncle had many years ago, compared Minutes of Farmer's Ward Relief Society held sisters' meetings, dwelt upon faith in the ordiw nat was now takmg-plac- e ; thought it in the parlors of Sister SarahJane Cannon, nances y necessary every one should have a testimony for to keep every commandment that had been afternooFJune 1890. Sister Emma Woodgiven; herself in order to withstand the temptations that in the great and good work that had been ruff presiding, fleeting opened Tby rejoiced singing (,0, done by the say what isjruth, Pra mitted trials to cdme upon us which would be - dent-Z,i- na .Hr-Young7 Counselor Sarah Jane Cannon felt benefitted for our continued good, if we could endure, faithful to the firm a foundation." Roll called and and blest in the spiritual instruction dven this end. Sister Zina referred to the advancement beminutes read and accepted.. . day; she did not need an eloquent speech to ing made in Canada, and of the happy, peaceful Pres. Emma Woodruff made a few opening recomfort her, a few words from the' heart with the times the saints there: the officials of the enjoyed marks, was pleased to see .the sisters who had right spirit always helped her; she felF blest en. come to; visit" hearifrom couraged and strengthened in the meetings JLndjwouloVlike - -- re--g-ard . ' - -- -- -- . : - r - . - of-Go- d." i , , beett-giTenorTosel- Oheir , . .IL-Wi- Fri--'da- -D- iimGng-theisters,-thought- tn w eIicfSociety7'T?Tr'! by-singing-- "How -- . to-da- Sister-Sarah-RichaTd- rivas " themipeakev God dwelt upon the goodness of to us and how many blessings and privileges the sisters enjoyed no w; that they did not i n former times. Advised the sisters to be peacemakers, Imd never be. the cause of trouble, but be ever charitable and love" ;; each other. Pres. Jane S. Richards, felt thankful that she had a testimony of the truth, knew there was a great deal of good we could do, even if we were not able to do much public speaking; related some interes ting incidents( of healin g through faith etc., SDoke feelinorlv nf tht Vi could show to the sick, and exhorted the sisters to teach. the children to keep the Sabbath day, iikadi)een.a.spiritual feast to-hay- y; the"sTstersTnT V her home, some of them had never been there before; it had really been a time of rejoicing. Sister Emily S. Richards felt there were so many who were older and more capable of giving instruction present, that she would prefer to listen, but was very glad of what she had heard and especially in reference to order in the house of the Lord. S he admi red a s ni ri H rri hat idr Kimball had, that when she knew she was right she was not afraid to speak out. Expressed some ot her views on the subject ojetjquette among the young, and also of her work as an officer in the Day Nii rs ery. ,.. ,. ',".; Sister Zina added a few words' more to what had been said of order in places of worship i&dJ -- .: r : vut ptuic .luctc numucr auoui iour nundred, there is plenty of water, and everything" seems favorable, but you all know what it is to settle a new country. I want "to urge e sisters to be particular to send their children to die Church schools, it will be a great help to them, anci by kindness to turn the hearts of the children to the by asking ..the- Lord to bless her aged mother and Sister Home and give them health and strength ,to pecform the labor assigned them, to bless ail the saints and all who are working for the kingdom of God. Sister M. McMaster bore her testimony arid made some good remark,aM since she received the Gospel, spokeJprrnxipalJy--- . yotrbcpQW?tfG6Fmmfst Inlhe healing of JI"5Mcladed - ' g 