WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 42 am far from perfect in that lesson which the Savior taught, yet I 'am not afraid to meet Harold's parents; I know I have not wronged I Js.rk3-e-tke- a ecici ttree4sel ea r and y ay can-tel- l them so. "Well Hepsie, they've sent for you to come out to Laharpe and see them, there's a carriage waiting at Uncle Jo's for you now will you go? Have you no fears that you may be persuaded to remain? they will effer you great induce : : rnenta to stay with them, you know they have lots of money." ." "Katie their money weighs nothing with me. they would not give one cent to Harold and I IlivHen jEeyInewJiowIilesttu baby was born, but I can forgive them even that, and I will go, if you will, go with me, and they shall see I am not a moral coward, and could face the whole world were it necessary to prove my sincerity in my religion." spiritual temperament felt he must be right. It would be too niuch to detail" items of this visit, but Hepsie and Kate went back i to of the arostacTTTfMrsi- Nutoo' Harvey, and she was the ruling spirit in the household. When they parted, Mrs. narvey said to Hepsie, "I suppose if you're not married to one of the heads of the Church you're going to be, and you'll never see Harold agaiu,. Bat her or have a dollar of words had no effect upon the young woman fullT-eoimTrc- -- I . J should even be glad to see Uney once more .a message with him for Harold should he ever return, tho' my heart tells me he never will!" "Yes, Hepsie I'll go and tell and leave the folks at Uncle Joe's that we'll go,and mind you must be ready early tomorrow morning its a long drive." Hepsie had many reflections that night and such strange dreams, she had not told any one where she wa3 going except her mother, and she had objected saying, "Hepsie my dear, jou e your strength, you will break down, and your nerves are: already shattered, over-estimat- 0, 4hat - d cd our-money.- .'?7'. social and and religious liberty", her abilities no louder b 2 crushed for she can even nnw r.pf-'lend dhelpiu' hand to all mankind. . past God knows with what angelic patience she ha3 borne her rebuke, even when Ho sai J "He would greatly multiply, her sorrow and conception." Bat as that sorrow was fore- ordained we can soy how vast, how mighty! yet how glorious arc thework3 of God in using His children vs instruments in bringing :ab6utTcdemptiah7 " i cept to disgust her with her sions to money. On the way home Hepsie said to Kate "dont tell mother ho w we were treated, it will make her so indignntlml--u- a happy, besides mother and the children will be left here when we go away, aiid we don't know what may transpire, you know fie Harvey's spoke highly and kindly of mother and they might do her a favor; she may need it wo are alf more or less Grand acquainted with tho short sketches of the i hkr-- w i t h 1 wh at rnl eWnessf Voiiicii of 4 h heart they bore thcirsorrow and lo! what a day of rejoicing it must have - been when the find-- a Savior was promUed-- T- WIren woman holy and pure enough, to be the means of bringing a Savior into the world to de-rib- ! e-- ii God-shou- -- r ed cewa4fi fall. And when lie was born she followed Him through hU wauderings, anointing and bathing His ket bv the wayside, and being last at the er?, and first at the sepulchre, and 'do we net find many women doing the same to day .even in the. world; and amongst our own people they are erecting many coble Institutions far the poor and distressed.clothing the naked, "feeding, the hungry, teaching the unlearned aiil trying to check the downward course of intemperance among mankind. Verily j)ave lh2:rrewaul, for Jesu3 jsaid Ifoidfa&'lbeyJ are likely enough to he driven alter we are gone, who can tell what sli3 may need, and it 13 better for her not to know, any way it could'nt do any good and it might do harm." Kate however didn't see fit to promise, and a3 soon as she had an opportunity told Mrs. Hathaway everything except that Mrs. Harvey accused Hepsie of being married to one of the heads of theChurch. She knew that would be going a little too far, if she meant to retain llep.-ie'-s friendship, and she was anxious to have her favor, for she knew that Hepsie's influence would be a blessing; she herself had questioned ft T ever her ahou he gossi pTrefeYcdloTMilhejou r ney :: - trust you with her. "Mother I am goifig," homeland became convinced -- that whatever said" Hepsie to show Mrs. Harvey, that I am step Hepsie intended to take, she was terribly converted to a faith that more .than compenin earnest; and if she ever married agaiu the sates me for Harold's absence, and perhaps marriage would be solomnized upon a higher dear his lack has of manhood, mother, my platform, than either Mr3. Harvey the elder,or been my galvation"; for I could never have Mrs. Hathaway could appreciate at present. " been modified, subdued, changed us I am nor dreadful-woma- -- why-d- id n, water same unto" me. tnen we have" the beautiful example of our Sainted how Jlothers, eagerly they - the same Christ; how willingly accepted they laid their all upon., the altar of sacrifice, and embraced lib Holy Trutb.3 struggling, on through all number of trills, but happy in the thuj;bt -- . ,hare..eatbefiivolity'ofworldlytnogs''iis I do now, if I had not passed through "a fiery furnace," if I had not been left utterly alone and friendless, as well as destitute, and only wuu uuuye 10 iook amoiiaJLaincm- - i "telftiis to the Harvey's and who know3 but it may be a testimony to warn them and save "them ironrdstacy""' Her mother replied, ''Hepsie I shall not ' object to the free exercise of your will in the matter, nor in regard to your going away; I comprehend now that you have received light and knowledge beyond mo3t young people of your age, and I am prepared to consent to your going away with the main body of the Church. I ' shall make no remonstrance hereafter." This concession on the part of Mrs. Hathaway was, very consoling to Hepsie. On the following morning Ilephzihah and her friend Kate P. left the city for Laharpe; it was late irr the day when they arrived at the Harvey residence, for sure enough it had b'een ml i -- " Katesm " were cold and tired, and the reception they received wa3 also a very cool one. Mrs.Harvey detected almost linmeadiately that Hepsie had not come to stay, and she resented her bringing Kate with her; but Hepsie was preparedjbr the, cn counter-su- cl as it was. '0, 1 can see .plainly-nthajoWiL - notr a- - bit humbled your trouble; y our just as proud as ever, pride and poverty don't 0 ' t These and. similar "EavTnps"were - o a visit afFonhd her Harolds brother. w.; .a ihV w - m on some day his mother would be convinced of her error in persuading his iluher to leave Nauvoo. He told Hepsie be felt sure Harold was dead from things he had dre'amed him; and Hepsie knowinhirdelicate con-cernt- ... t " . our-influence-- r-companions; over ng f-- - . -- commamTs tiat are sometimes given, but alas! slippery i3 the way which we sometimes tread,' and if we do slip we are not alnnp hnt.V Cm0 v liajrassociate goes with us. Woman's Mission should be to use that jnflnence which has been given her for a higher W -- andibetter - wTjUeach us of his ways, and we will walk in Hi3 paths, "arid righteousness will cover the Earth as the waters cover the sea. ,' -- at jnen'bome are born grearr Borne" achieve greatness, and some have crentn ' na ,. i.rj uown j evtu iaiu ineir .iives-4o- r love of their Country and people. We might trace the the World through and find in aU History-o- f Woman ages that (though not so popular 4 has Man,) bravely fought her fight and now we live to see the day already dawned, when - her - -- lowCr and placed on an equal looting with prn-f.-r- M"an to enjoy "political equality" which rnean "Civil NOTES Anderson. -Mary HuntsvillcUtah. purperandrwr late circumstances wherein she has used-thinfluence to some of the highest and noblest on can arth. purposes It even be - He assured . her of his land Jjdso that he still believed Mormonisra was true and hoped roterly-affecti- loveth lie ch Ah! my sisters, how do we hold these'sacred thiners. do we remember - how dearly thev rv . ttfl Ynen-uo- a naa nmsned the earth in all its pai.rjoranu that our spint3. have been re- served ana horn liirs to ail the blessings we glory with all things useful' beautiful, and new enjoy even the Spirit and light of God, pleasing unto nian t m ust fee "our"niisiion7r Should yover the same, "yet was man alone, and for theiiijov grea Adam there was not found a helpmate and. we not stretch forth a hand to stay the fallen watch .ourselves 'closely, lest We be one, and-tGod said it is notgoodlhat the. man should be dra,?n4into the slippery snare. Yes for we alone. So Eve was given unto Adam to be a have all we cardo helpmate. That wa3 Woman's first Mission. And it seems that she wa3 given the first humblest nature, to guard ourselves day by day to use our influtnce for only pure and enpower Jojempt man for good or eviland-!sh- e: nobling purples, that we might be able to used her influence in persuading him to partake retain ourguardaja angeiyand eainjhe respect of that which had been forbidden them, if Eve had so much influence over her and love of aU good people, for God our Father in heaven is Love," that our light might not companion, should we not be careful how we a use piiLiimicr Dushei but set upon a hill where and i2 I n a i on 3 ca n see and na rink a al ' associates it ca m by whom we arc surrounded dail v tor are we not all daughters of Eve, and just ligiit. we ciyoy,and men shall say, Corae, let AN ANSWER TOTHEMiHCLE ENTITLED "WOMAN'S CALLING." women as oi kVtt ld - ADEWSr- - ll'rn Constance -- Fenimore Wnnlsnn. the novelist, isJhe idol of novel - publisher?. A 1 uiQ praauctions ot her pes are"eagerly nought tnnhem ami ea;ilyo)osed" of. She U now liviiig in Italy. : She is a daintv little woman and verj peculiar in her dress. 1 Amelia Ii Barr, the well known novelist, lives' a. hermit gnrt nf llfc nn summit of the St ,rrn King Mountain on the Mr?. tk iiu'.son. bheoesto Earnpe-goon-to-gat- material Jora new nfivrl the sulyect of Calvinism. bet nhh Mrs- aer noyeis with n. typewriter- - - garr writes all ' 