166 Woman's Exponent:: EMMRLLE B. WELLS, Editor,.. In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: Iubllfched rniTcopy one year, f 1.00; one copy six months, 50 eta. No reductjon made for clubs- - City papers delivered by mail, , extra for postage one year, 25 cts. of nonpareil lines rates: Each square, ten "Advertising A liberal discount pace, one time, $250; per month, $3.00. . 10 regmar Aareruserg. ExfOiNT office, No. 25 E., South Temple Strcet.Jsecond gate east of Deieret News Office. Busidcks hours from 1Q a.m . tn n.m. 6srv1av. TVfil Knnils. Address all basinets communications to " rUBLISHEIl WOMAN'S EXPONENT, semi-monthl- y, : F - " Entered at the" . Salt Lake a good impression may be made; for truth is always strong; and if possible scatter a little of the seed of the Gospel, praying that it may fall on good ground. Thus a small portion of missionary worfc'may be done here. at. homer.as well C as abroad if we take this view of the matter. Men who are now gone from our midst have prophesied as the writer is well aware that the highly educated people of the world should come to the Saints for knowledge concerning this peo- ple,and those who "occupy high" positions" of honor among the nations of the world, and this is be more of this ; coming in the future. City Utah. EDITORIAL NOTES. Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Seemi Oass McUtfr.1 . Salt Afril i, Lake City, 1890. THE GOSPEL AT HOME. The city at. the present time is thronged with people, tourists in quest of curiosities, and information, 'speculators in 'pursuit of gain and the variety of kinds and sorts of people that make that throng the up a great part of the multitude i ana make one leei mat this streets and is no longer the model city of the Sainti, built in the' valleys of the mountains for them only, but that all nations are flocking thereunto, in - fulfillto ment of prophecy which is perfectly-famili- ar those who study the Scriptures, but is sometimes absorbed in daily not remembered when one-i- s duties. Does not the Bible sayZion shall be established in the tops' of the mountains and. all nations shall flow unto her ? And yet some of us complain when it begins to come to pass, esDeciallv manv weeks the last" nnrino - few - - "j. hundreds of visitors have come to Salt Lake and have drireii round fa a carriage or wandered at will here and there, and many have found their r . .t wav into me uincc 01 me x.Aiv.Ni-.- i.. anaj wiin -- or s thou t t toope-n op Biroe uciJ os fra -B conversation on the subject of Utah, her politics, th'e late election, the condition of the people and . " by-wa- ys, - - 1. vi-i- -- " . N ve-sog- 1 Inenuturepospec -- 1 The World's Fair of 1892 will take place in the the discovery of United States to commemorate America. That the part taken by woman iathis discovery shall be more widely . known and pro--perly appreciated, the Queerr Isabella 'Association was duly incorporated on the 17th day of August, 1839, n accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. In pursuance of this object the Association will erect a statue of Isabella of Castile, to be unveiled at the Fair, and. in recognition of woman's success in art, have engaged Harriet Hosmer, the renowned Sculptor, to execute the work. The Association will also erect the Isabella Pavilion, in which will be a department for the expositionof of the University of Deseret," to the Governor and Legislative Assembly of Utah.' It is in pamphlet form and. contains 40 pages of matter, well arranged under appropriate headings and sufficiently minute in detail to satilfy the , most exacting. - It contains the reports of the Principals of the various departments beginning with the Chancellor's letter, the President himself gives a succinct statement of the institution under the following headings Buildings, Grounds, Department of Science, Literature and "the Arts, NormalDepartmentj-r-PreparatQr- y Department, M u s i c, A rt, D e a f Mute Department M,nes, .Mechanic Arts, Law, Library, Museum, Apparatus, etc. - To summarize the financial needs of the University the Dr. gives approximate estimates of the funds required. The Normal Department is definitely reported by its Principal Wm.M. Stewart. Preparatory in the same manner by J. H. Paul. Music Evan Stephens. Art G. M. Ottinger. Mechanical and Architec-jtua- l - drawjng,. .WmY.ard.XibratyAIarcus E. -- Isabella and the jdiscovefy ofnicaTTepre-sentatio- n of the Spanish" Court in the time of Isabella and Ferdinand; and extensive Social and Business Headquarters for the members of the Association; thus will be furnished to the women of all nations special opportunities for receiving one another socially, and for holding Conferences on the Industrial and Social prob lems of the day, while each. Trade, Occupation and Profession represented la the mem bership of the Association will hold one or more conferences Jones, Librarian. Museum, Marcus E. Jones, Curator. Custodian and Registrar, D. R. Allen. Then follows a. report of the number of students for the last half of the Academic year. 1 887-- 1 888 and the first half of the year the year i888-'- 89 i889'9o, together with the number in each branch of study. Then the Deaf Mute Department is specifically reported by tne Principal Frank VV, Metcalf. It is a very interesting report as it relates to a subject that every where must receive s pecial a ttentibn, and req uires th e best thoughts of the people as well as the best methods of instruction, to bring it to the highest attainment possible and in harmony with other institutions. The Secretary's Report including salaries etc., closes the pamphlet. Great credit is due to the founders of the Deseret University who labored under such difficulties to establish it, and who helped to carry it forward whenr the burden was a heavy one. That it has been instrumental in a great degree of educating the young people of the Terri- tnrv all who arp arnna'nfpH with fart faciWy:fo comfort and convenience of visiting members will of . the writer, that the Deseret University may receive such substantial aid as will make it still . articles-commemorati- ve la Jtajtffojdejr "reach tfie "mofe'TfelpftFfd height of excellence that its original founders an7 ticipated in the beginning of its history. We have received by courtesy of the publishers ignorant upon the matters they are so anxious to the Double Easter number of the Youth's Com-pa- n discuss, although occasionally some are better ioth oston, Mass. .Th e writer remembers luionneu as reiaics iu iuc . scuicuicm ui mcsc with what pleasure when a little girl she received WOMAN'S 1 CONVENTION AT PROVO, valleys and the thrift and industry of the people regularly the Youth's Companion, when child- -' if not in regard to their religion. ren's papers were very rare in the land. The TheJVVoman SufTrage. Association of Utah Co., Many are quite unacquainted with the laws of TB82 and 1887 thatTiave caused such a difference met in special session oh Saturday March 1, at it is at present, but it cannot be more what gladly in the circumstances of this people, and are sur10 a. m., to elect another President in consewelcomed now with its elaborate illustrations prised when informed of facts connected with than it was at that quence of the decease ot Mrs. M. J. Tanner late in its form. period simple what has been done tn cases that have come bePresident. Mrs. Electa Bullock First Vice Presiand such stories "we girls" thought Such poetty fore the courts and the decisions that have been them dent, in the chair. After singing and prayer be the that best could be written. This year's given. It is indeed true that intelligent people ing offered by the Chaplain Mrs- - M. Daniels, re- -, is very appropriately embellished number Easter of these United Slates even, taken as a whole ports from the vice presidents of the several with outside stems of Easier handlilies.and long -know comparatively little of Mormbnism its towns in the county, were heard, and were very some adorn the inside suited to pictures pages -origin and -- history, and the Gospel- which this satisfactory indeed, each of the representatives stories the and the occasion. The are poems not on ly speaking well of the work done, but people have embraced, and for which they have, and in chaste oT Easter and pure style, descriptive and wandered left their homes and possessions, proving themselves capable of magnifying the as are also the stories. number The subjects is find to where that into the wilderness they hoped position assigned to them. We have not space beautiful in sentiment throughout as well as in denied to been them that had peace and security tappearance,rrTfris one of Xhc journals of the r day Jo;ente within the limits of .civilization. County has some very able speakers, who have a can be put into the hangVof chiLdrenwitk that :' have be well saidthis people a history, : TsafetyTrlts writers are It may know I edge and "a'p'preciitton"of .the subjecTliiT the and among very best, a remarked is often as and peculiar history; they know how to lay it before the public. aim at the cultivation of moral and intelhave been denominated a modern Israel and the they Mrsr-Sus- a Yv Gates -- resign ed -- herpositionas lectual puri t yTT "N umbtred With Thr Baints,"' name is an appropriate and significant one. The Secretary, and was nominated and unanimously "One Mary of by the Tappan Wright. assure Squire's to earth are of the Zion;dly flocking people sustained as President of the W. S. A. Utah Co. Laura E. Cushman. 'Bim Morning's," Hazlitt's Mrs. Rebecca Doolan was appointed Secretary to they come singly and in large, parties, and they "Offer-:"- .' Editb7s". iEaster" inquire concerning this and that, and there is a fill vacancy caused by Mrs. Gates resignation. ing," Ada Carleton ; all deserve special mention, ve informatioh-o- n Gospel Sornenothelusihs of minor importance was there and are other excellent many articles. The subjects. Everything pertaining to what is called transacted and Mrs. E. gave some of the deserve proprietors credit for paper is more more great and talked .of day "Mormcnism," special instructron and the convention adjourned the Companion so entertaining for the making this and wishave need of by day, surely people until ' 2 p.m. closing exercises, singing; and prayer - Easter holidays. dom .to meet all reasonable questions and give by the Chaplain. comprehensive answers in.brief,tQihose vvho have. Af te r rKoriessiojtfTeorj venedMrsT-Balloek-stiu-- ThroughJhecourtesyj)rDr4Qha only a few minutes time in passing through, that have befdre us the "Report of the Chancellor of occupying the chair. After the prayer &c, Mrs. 3 ( ' good-opportun- ity to-gi- B.-Wel- ls - ' v ; 