WOMAN'S that each" citizen of the state 'should enjoy thio same right guaranteed to eyeryother citiz?Dr -- whether higbir. La vWftki . . . ale-or-female. . ... - ,. -- - . o ' shall surely bring you. And now, Mr. President and gentlemen of tne convention, allow me in the name of the women of Wyoming in the name of the wo men of the civilized Vorld in the name of human progress ifl civilization in name, of that grand advanc-- . mg eoiunin, me conorts or universal liberty, agaiu to thank you for this most precious . W W " -- rthe-mil- her-sel- f. : With these new privileges come new duties and responsibilities. "Act well your part, there all the honor lies." Your past furnishes. the highest guarantee for the future. If you live up to the full jmeasuro of your high jirivL- leges, you. win not only onng nappiness to tne new state, but joy to the hearts of the noble t t women or otner states wtio are struggling lor the repeal of unequal and unjust laws. Not only this, but your example and success will bring emancipation to the women "of the world." i . presented by Mrs. Esther Morris of the woman suffrage movement in the state. Gathering the folds of the flag about her she the-mother"- " said: "On behalf of the women of Wyoming, and in grateful recognition of the high privilege of cuizpnsnip mat nas oeen conicrreu upon us, 1 have the honor to present to the state of Wyoming this beautiful flarr. May it always re- main the emblem cf our liberties, 'and the -- - 1 X 1 convention Thi3 grand result of your labors woman's ihn-'-- n jn acr n a c. h a r fca- - h a n f w hf n lized world about eight months. It has at- . i i :.y t uiieuuuu auui nas ueeu suojecieci irauieu muu to the keenest possible criticism. By narrow- minded people, cranks and bigots it has been universally condemned. By intelligent, people," by- the friends of human pro- i i t gress, Dy tne aavocaies or universal liberty, it has been universally commended. Asa means of assisting Wyoming to become one of the -- - jr -- broad-minde- d, 1 crnlnw nf lihnrfv cf first In tfiA errand 0 - 0 a most helpful docuinnt.j 5 7 j hos Kanv 1 women all the right3 and privileges unrestricted of American citizens. An ancient phiio3;pher of the .orient has " j .. t t a 1 with feeling? of profound gratitude that I receive for the statejn Jv voming this beautiful flan It is seldom permitted man to standa repre sentative for his commonwealth at the time of its organization and during the period of its transition-from a condition of: territorial de pendence to one of state independence. And it has never before, I believe," been vouchsafed man to .represent a state as its executive officer on so auspicious an occasion as this. Here, in the open air, near the crests of the continent, Wyom i ng, forming the key s ton e of inu area or stales exienuing irom ocean 10 ocean, celebrates an event significant in the ex- tremef new in the history of our country, and without precedent in the world; that is to say, a state, in adopting its constitution, extends free and equal ufTrage to its citizens regardless of sex. Wyoming, in her progress, has not forgotten the hands and hearts that havo helped advance her to her high position; and, in the adoption 13 -- j whfnh Vina sJnro hpfn fipnnl in nil IflTifia was without doubt the most thrilling fifteen minutes of hU life. Thc theater was thronged by an assemblywhich was perhaps the most distinguisEed ever gathered in any concert hall in this country. President Fillmore, Daniel Webster, Henry Clay, General Scott, and Payne were among the celebrities present. The 'Swedish Nirrhtinjrale" was in nerfect voip. and her rendition ot each part of the pregamme elicited most enthusiastic applause from the vast audience. When, however, in answer to the encore, Jenny Lind turned toward John Howard Pavne and pave "Home. Sweet. Hnmft" with all the tenderness and purity of feeling embodied in the words and air perfectly interpreted through the medium of her wonderful voice, there were few present who could fail to see the difference i between the plaudits called out by a mere display of fine vocali- i ilVtVU-UU- VUVUV U- HVW4UVU VV Lm W M t-- Vf illLU thrilled their very hearts. They were enthusiastic before the first ine of the gong wTa3 finished, and to such an extent that they could 1 scarcely wait for a pause in which to give vent to their feelings. Then it seemed as if the u rstaodforeverr r""never cease. Persons-know- n to be ' "'. In thirregard Wyofning"1s not Ies3 elevated of most nndemonstrative character shouted, m her high and proud geographical position, clapped, and stamped as if their senses had dethanin iier- example to her--s u rrou nd ing sister parted. DuringTthisrpvatw states. . entire audience were upon Payne an under The number sized, man, of gentlemanly bear of our star on the dear old flag, the handsomest ing, who was covered with confusiou at find and best beloved national emblem in the ''cm-'- 4 ing himself the center of attraction in that "' lized world will always stand with U3 - for vast assembly."- "."'7 v":;;r7- TT'Z:.,: M 13 in HPayne's early history" Women of Wyoming, you have builded well is certain his but that it childhood obscurity, in your past .efforts, and conduct; and the men was passed at East Hampton., the most easterly of Wyo ming extelid heartiest greetings at this town of Long island. His father was principal time. "Th ey congrat u a te you u pon - your of the Cliuton academy, one of the first insti achievments, and ask you to join them in the tutions of its kind estaIish fh tu rer.'arion h Cpast7"in secuirinfr good govem-meThe village consists" of only one wide street, for our commonwealth. Your influence where the residences are chiefly farmers' has always 'tended toward higher development houses, with farms stretching to the ocean and culture. And now in the near future, shore on one. side- - and" to -- pine plains on the when called upon to exercise your rights and other. When Payne was seventeen years of ace he your privileges in the election of your officers, who must.be both, your rulers and your serestablished in New York city a weekly paper called the Thespian Minor, His first appearance vant?, we have confidence that vou will sub scribe to everything that U elevating and on the stage was at Park theater, New York, a pare b.illot the highest moral in the character of Young Norval. -saitl the &i i ietesi personal re?poDsibil' ft'eiro'iessTona"!. Visits to Boston and other standiiig. '" in cHies ho weut to London and made a success. ity public (.flicers liberal .educational -- figurs-44repre3entlng- the gray-haire- , d - - " -- -- - sentiments have ndeared the author of all home lovers throughout the world, probably many are unaware that it U a song from an opera entitled "Carl" composed by John Howard Payne. The most notable rendition of "Home, Sweet Home," of which there is any a T . 1. I T ! account, was prooaoiy at me uenny uma concert in Washington, on the night of December I , isou. j present, and the quarter of an hour during which he listened to Jenny Linds singing.of . this ballad ni -- y T. -was lows- - "It Whilprf lift hnllfliT hna ever been one of which the most critical audience never weary, and its simple but touching HTnm0-fstrrsptHnm- 1 said: ;Turiie veiled slaves H)f the harem can n ever becom aih a mothers-of-a-gre- a taee-- o f men, but if you would produce a race of great men you must first have a -- race of great wo- men, both as to body and mind.". to-da- Life of the Author of "Home, Sweet Iomc.'r The music of the future may be eniiched by the products of men of more genius, learning, and vhdom than those of to day, but it is safe to say that so long as the world stands-therwill never again bo produced a song that will so universally touch tho human heart as " hpjiest differences ofopimorimon wnen it came to the most important question of all th e en fran ch isem en Lof wi)m eri t the re werendifTerences of opinion, there was no dissenting voice. You have shown the world that as representative men of Wyoming you have the courage of your convictions, and that world ha3 demonstrated its truthfulness in scores of instances. Elevate the standard of womanhood! For there - is no surer way by which" to 'elevate- the"' standard of niauhooj. This is the most important question iai i yolyeij nJhe, fu ghc j......-plan of human civilization. JOU N HOAYAJt D PAYNE. - a -- t)f the u nion forever.' of her constitution, equal suffrage is entrenched so securely that,jt h believed, itwill On some of the important questions of policy t mat came oeiore yournouoraoie bouy i i'i .i uuriug it. progress pir your aeiiDerations, me were inere A fl ag Governor Warren on receiving the flag from Mrs. MorriSjgmsjibgJtiEtffi jrcspaj'uiedjaaJbli. . -- Itwasr jrfl!icoollQwed3Irsenkin3 .- - . - The great event of the day was the presenta tion of the State flag by theladie3 of Wyoming MRS. AMELIA B. POST RESPONDED: Mr. President, and gentlemen of the Wyo- n fhn nnmn minir I IMicf if II tinnftl 1 !nriPfln( inn' of the women of Wyoming I. thank you for i. this copy of our state constitution, and in their . :H "Lji i t i." uo man i you ror mat name aiso i especially clause m mis consuiuuon wnicn guarantees their enfranchisement. In the history of the world it has seldom been the good fortune of a body ot lawmakers to be able to inaugurate at one stroke a movement in the interest of human rights and human liberties as important, as far reaching, as grand as this. .' And in the name of the Women of the civilized world I am " . I fcv vuuiatuiuic juu uiuu mu Utile, leal Ires and disinterested manner in which you have discharged your duties as a constitutional . e . i -- facilities, aud with all an economical and m e financial policy and management. Ladie3rror ana on tne part ot tne great state of Wyoming, I thank you most sincerely for this beautiful stand of colors. And I beg, to assure you it hall be cherished and protected as a souvenir of priceless value." Tlik Woman's Tribune tian memorial. . . t- human race. And may each and all of vou live' long to enjoy the honorable distinction this - And now, Mrs. Post, I hare the distinguished honor to place in your hands, and you, as a representative woman of Wyoming, the grand privilege of receiving, thi3 broadest guarantee of civil liberty ever established by the genius of manthe Magna Charla of - our liberties A tne consuiuupnojLlUi8lIiLYi3minff From this Nebo of history we look forward ' and hone'v of nrosneritv and k with " happiness for woman depends solely upon . In framing tbi3 constitution, gentlemen of tae convention,-you-have taken a most ira r t a n - He prltrfk i ttr th c el e va ti on o f th e -- ---p- EXPONENT, . eh-terprisi- -- ftg ' 