f 6 W OMAN'S GOOD NIGHT AND GOOD I5YE. ... j EXPO N ENT. 10 pany, and played at the opening and do30 of Simp3on First, and B )til.(la Neilsen Second, the meetings held in that ward. The meetings Counselors; Louisa Ha?ler,. Sec, .acd .Tiny were brought toa close in Franklin June Ericksoh as Assistant Sec, and Christina Peel " : .the 20th. . Treasurer. . The people were very much pleased to have The following are the name.3 of the officers tho. sisters visit them, especially those- from selected to preside over the Y. L. M. I. A. Salt Lako City. at Mu Pleasant. t In most of the warda the Bishopric and a Pres. Ellenor Erickson, Reynolds, Augusta good representation of the Brethr&n attended First, and Celia Johansen Second Couselors; -the meetings, and seemed very-wpleased" Caroline Lonegren Secrand Anna Bladson ' with the instructions given by the sisters. Treasurer. This completed the rcorganizatibns. .There, is Tmuch-creddue to Sister Eldredge," Ia.TB ve ry cas e the for me f Tnehi bers . wero r ei n wlw managed Jhe whole afFair in the most stated in their membership, and the officers efficient-manne- r and made all arrangements were set apart for their re3)ective calliD. for stopping places. Meeting was held the next day" at Spring May Anderson, Cor. Sec'y. City, which completed the labors of the visitors who returned home on tho evening of the same "' :. day. CONFERENCE AND MEETINGS. been glad to tranhave should I personally scribe the good instruction given in the Editob Exponent: yojir readers;. ..and jold.JhemoOho- sccuery,the Cordial welcome extended ThXPreHdency ofJheTTRcUef, Society of. and .Coun-- : everysvhere, and tho respect and, courtesy Sanpete Stake, Mrs. M. A. Hyde, ' selors, Mrs. ElizabetlrAllrcd and Mrs. Sarah shown U3 by all; tho numbers of beautiful A." Petersen, together with Miss Stena WiI- girls and angelic children that we saw,--t- he lardson, Pres. Y. L. M. L A. of the Stake ac-- : highly appreciated conversation of Sister corapanied by Mrs. M. I. Home of Salt Lake ; Home and others on our long drives, but it City, Mi s. Ellen akeman of Manti, Mr3. Ellen would swell this articletoia.L.yQlu.me;.FOr..w"ill Dorius of Ephraim and others took a trip; close by saying that we traveled70 miles, held through the north end of this county on the; seven meetings, and efiected five organizations ' in tnree uays. 14, 15 and 16 of June. The report if given M. A. Hype, rres. in full might prove too lengthy, so I append-bu" : T E. J. Sec pro leiii, a brier sketch. We left Ephraim on Fri day evening and drove as far as Mt. Pleasant, just happening to be present at the grand re-- ; MYTHS ABOUT WOMAN. a tendered herdmand Lnckson, young; ception man just returned from Ann Arbor, a young! Woman's first appearance has been a fruit law. drove the Fairview We to' the of disciple ful subject for the legend, mongers. ' The next morning where Relief bociety and Young Phoenician myth of creation is found in the Ladies conference was held the same day. of Pygmalion and Galatea There the The attendance was good, the instructions ex story first woman was carved by the tirst man out cellent and the utmost harmony prevailed of ivory and then f: endowed sWith lifb by alterSi3ter Hyde spoke in tongue3 in the Aphrodite. noon at the Youngs Ladies' meeting, which be-iThe Greeks theoryjof the creation of women ' of Treat- ' was interpreted aecoraini; to Hesiod, was that Zeus, as a cruel prophecy of their future fervency, and a "':r" "aihlemenjs. . 7TT!7T!T and then induced the various gods and The next day, June 15th, the party augto invest the clay doll with all their mented by Bishop Petersen of Fairview, and goddesses the result being a lovely thing worst others took their way to Indianola. Every with aqualities, of mien, refined craft, eager witchery wnore trora Manti to tnat place tne crops passion, love of dress, treacherous manner, and looked beautiful. shameless mind. Meeting wa3 held at 10 o'clock of tho same' ' The Scandinavians say that as Odin, Vili, day, and a reorganization of the Relief Society and Ve, the three sons of BorAYrere walking made. The following are the names of the officers: Charlotte Seeley, Pres. Elvira Seeley wood, one ash and one elm. Sitting down the" First Counselor; 8. G. Tanner, Second Coungods shaped man and woman out of these selor; and Mary Seeley Sec. and Treasurer. the woman from the elm and A Y. L. M. I. A. organization was also sticks, whittling : her Emia. made with the following officers: Sarah calling One of the strangest stories toudiing" the Spencer, PresT Retta " Lau retta Spencer Firs t, origin of woman is told by the Madagascarenes. and Lilliau Hjust Second Counselor. Iniso Jaria3r thecxeation; oL m an goes the , After dinner" they began the return trip legend is not unlike that ''related by Moses, holding meeting at 4 o'clock-- at Millburnr .arrived, only that th e fall ' newly' organized settlement at the riht After the man had eaten of the fo r b i ddeu fru it of the usual road. There i are twenty-hv- e he became alfected with a boil on the leg, out families and tSe town haa every appearance, of itibnrstr came a beautiful girh of which,-when one new was Here prosperity. organization to throw her to The man's first thought-w- as made.: XThe Relief Society .officers as follows: the by a, nit-s' Terressa pig37bur Mary Christina y Grayban,-Pre-s. from heaven to .let her play a mong Stewart First and3Iargaret Harker Second senger the diggings until she wa3 of marriageable agr,' Counselors; Mellicent Cox, Sec, and ' Elvira then to make her his wife. He did so, called Stewart Treasurer. There were so few" memT her Baboura, and she became the mother of all bers that it was not deemed wise or expedient races of men. to maket a separate organization for the Young The American Indians' myths relative to Ladies, at present; they were accordingly Adam and Eve are numerous and entertain' to join tho Relief Society. Some tradition.. trace back our first The ladies then drove over to Fairview, ing. is parents towhito and red maize; another that wheTenhey spenrthrnight; going to BIt. Pleas for a wife, was giveii the ant the next morning in time for a ten 0 clock man, searching of the king of mu?krats, who, on ? daughter wards The two heretofore meeting. existing dinted into the waters of a neighboring consolidated been one .into ward, it be- lake became a woman. having Ex. came necessary to reorganize the Relief Society and" Yoli?La3iesto neoFfesDoridr-jjrhes- B re the names of the officers retained in the Relief During the summer, the Woman's Tribune Society:., M., F. C, Slorrisson Pres. Caroline will be published fortnightly instead ot weekly. . . ln When tht gold and red of the setting sun- Grows pal and fcde-a- t of day- ;Vhea the melting splendor is over and done, And night draws on and covers the way; AVe do not hope its return in vain, For we know that the morrow will come again, This is good-nightfcc-elw- e- " . . - t. ... " ell When we part with a clasping hand'at night v. From the friend we love, we feel regret., And the bright, warm heart takes wjih'it the light And Joy of our own hearthstone; and yet-- " Thi$ regret is not a hlpd7mtZIS2EZI7Zl For we know that the friend will come again. - This is good-night- . f . i .. . -- , When we leave the shore that has known our birth, When turn our longing sight to fill Our hearts with memories of sorrow and mirth .. Of the sweet and vanished past, until Thenighr For a long, last look in our paradise, . This is good bye. When a soul is called from the busy throng, - To tread the paths of an untried way, ' And the night seems cold and dark and long, And we look our last on the form of clay, We know we have said our last adieu. And the broken vows we cannot renew. This is good-by. -- - e. . -- it ..'"'-- . . . . mect-?ol.o- r- , . -- . I t ..When we stand at the gate at eve. with those J Who have filled our lives with joy or pain To watch the light as it dimmer grows, ' And know we shall never watch it again. ' We say the words and bear the reply, r , ' And we know;thefarewell is spoken for aye, --This is good-nig: and good-by. ; . . Ida M, pavis. ht . e. -- ? TRIP THROUGHIOKEIDA STAKE. ' . n On June 8th a party..Jeft Pfstoa ..lo .make a trip through tho Oneida Stake in the in- teresU f4heT RelieS anu rnmary .associations. The party consisted Cflof Sister E.' S. Taylor,' Gen. Pres. of the Y. L. M. I. A., Sister Louie Felt Gen. Pres. and Miss May Anderson Cor Sec'y. for the Primaries, all of Salt Lako City Sister Elizabeth Fox Stake Pres. and Sister Edith Hawke3.and M. J. Hendricks Coun- selors for the Relief Society. Sister Esther Hendricksen Stake Pres. and Sister Susie i Parnell Stake Sec'y. for the Young Ladies, Sister J. J. EldredgeStake Pres. and Sisters Rosenbaum and Mickleson for the Primaries. There were twelve wards visited, and 28 meetings -- held - in eleven 7 days.7"The Itelier bociety and xoung Ladies Associations held their meetingsjconjointly in many of the wards owing to the time being so limited. The saints generally are feeling well and most of the societies are in good working condition. Some new associations were formed and , - ' -- some re-organi- zea In the Primary "associations the pood order maintained by the children wa3 especially noticable: The trip was a very pleasant one, thesaints being very kind and hospitable and "doing everything to make Uneasy and comfortable s for the sisters, rv r x Visited the dairy of Brother Sharp who presented the company with, a 'nice cheese, which was very much appreciated during soma . LtheJong jjrYe Xeaving-Mormoaart- H J une 11th drove to Soda Springs where Bis- hop Lau and wife very kindly entertained the company. The next day was spent in Visiting eight of the different springs and hay- lug uiosfc enjoyaoie ume. , Ana in the even ing continued the journey to Chesterfield. In Weston the Bras3 Band serenaded the com- an-exhort- ation .V. . ; . ; ? -- a-sm- all . -- came-before-- Lve -- hw -- in-vit- - ed - be-in- -- 