WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 60 time to come, she consented to make one of the party. She was not prepared however for what followed. She had forgotten all about the Sw y's and their going Over to Farmington the afternoon one of them came up to her unawares, and in a voice that seemed familiar accosted her with, J,Say, Mrs. Harvey how this story to a close, it is a true one, and there- fore you cannot expect it to end with the same sort of glowing highly colored denouement as a sensational novel, but if you have followed thrpfincfp inall th-- details and episodes, you will have, startling facts enough with a vivid imagination to conjecture a sequel equal to that of many of the romances of modern times, and thi3 the writer will leave each of you to follow out, 3 came you here with these wandering Pilgrims? We had never heard a word of you since we his or her own inclinations in the matter," and left Nauyoo just before. that Chflstmas, and-w- e all thought you had gone back East to your settle Hepbzibah's future as you may think own folks by- this" time, say, wnere have you proper to decide from the testimony given. There are one or two main points that been and why didn't you write? We've talked a heap about you, Charlie has never got over should be stated in the closing chapter, 3 they, story itselfV leaving you there3orl:Done of us for - that ireally relate to the moral-of-th- eAfter Hep3ie parted with her mother to come matter." ' acros3 the Mississippishe never did see her Hepsie was so astonished and overwhelmed that, she could scarcely reply at all, but she again she died of the hardships when the managed to tell him she wa3 on her way to the Saints were driven out of Nauvoo in the sum-me- r of 1 840, and was laid in an unknown grave company-ogreat NVejtjej-- wildern d by thFway the enterprise, and should not falter whatever words and affirmed the presentiment. Harold never returned but died at sea and wa3 buried in might come. The young man who was no other than one the ocean, according to his brother's presentiof Harold's former partners in business, urged ment, and the of Hephzibah and entreated Hepsio with all the persuasive when a child. His parents never returned to the Church and his brother died very young, eloquence he possessed to stay there, "You'll die of the perils and hardships by the way no doubt Hepsie thought, because it was imside, and it will be your own fault, you could' possible with his disposition to rise above the teach here and get a splendid salary, stay opposition he had to contend with; he sank into with us, mother wrould be so' pleased to have a sort of melancholy and went into a decline. you once more, she never tire3 of praising you, He was a beautiful character but lacked the talks of your wonderful memory, your patience strong elements necessary to battle with unand forbearance, and your utter helplessness, pleasant surroundings. he et rel The school-matesosq j?nihusiasticin Jtb ough jo you ng,y igion , Hepsie for whom-sthat you would not listen to those who were had such a strong attachment early in life did older and wiser. Why mother says your read not all marry Ministers,or Doctors,or Lawyers like was and ing poetry, your songs so full of or men with high sounding titles, as they had tears were that the only expression declared they would, iu fact two or three of sympathy of her appreciation. 0, Mrs. Harvey do stay them still live in single blessedness to 'thk with us offer you everything, my home, my day, and visit among their cousins and rela heart, I shall never love any body as I love - tives, and are very sedate and proper. Jane you, never, tho I never dared to say so even .fchaJ&quirc!s.-nidauto myielfr because you were'" trie,' wife of my tious as she was married a rich man, friend.but believe me I love you as I never can down in Maine," who afterwards figured"aVay conlove again." V in spicuously politics at home and finally went With. all Hepsie's exparii&nc and hertheories Fay. whose Christian name wa3 Mehitable as her, she was so embarrassed that she could not Hepsie once explained to her sister Hannah, reply, her cheeks seemed all aflame, her lip3 and who dubbed Hepsie as "the girl in panta- were dry and tongue parched, she felt as if she . lettes," failed to secure the one she loved was going to faint, but tears came to her reand married in haste to repent at leisure, and lief, and were more potent than any mere instead of wealth and position, shewas obliged words could , have been. "0, I see said to earn her own living and adopted the stage Hezekiah you cannot forget Harold,he wa3 good as a profession. Mrs. Adams and noble and your ideal, but I feel surejiejs aad her husband Lucy (Reynold's) kept the faith, and (leadrwenever hearfrooThim; why do you go they did riot leave Nauvoo with thethough first away with this great sorrow in your heart?" were the company, they first to locate among By this time Hepsje had regained her in the valley of the Great Salt Lake and lived voice and thanking the young man for his and died true to the principles they had em- kindness of heart and telling him to aceoluLtheir-youtmarry 7 h. could give him her whole heart somej)net-wh- o The vouns college rradnntpa n and undivided affection, she tried to break off took-sucand an interest, both Hepsie Lucy the con versation,but he persistently refused to go . .. and.addediiMrHarvey iFyouevervanra went lack East one to practise law and the friend, if you should grow tired of a wanderer's other medicine. . : life, let jne know, there are three of-uand we Many : of the incidents written here proved would each one of us be willing to leave all and there are those livin who else for you." This was Hepsie's moment and prophetic, could testify to the same, but as we. are-noshe improved it, "would you give up all eke deahngTspecially with" this matter we leave it andtfomebacfc; td the iaith and travel with the to the mtuition of the reader. That there is . Saints into the wilderness for a 1 royidence that over-rule- s my sake?" Well and controls our no, not that Mrs Harvey that could not be,' fact, and yet we are we have renounced. Morrribnism y you know"W lert our paradoxical as it mav could not go back to that." seem. It is not predestination, but it is the "Well that proves that your love is selfish of Him whn guiding hnMa power shallow and notmuii , nations, that, ko Mn ?.. foF?en7inmT is if ..we. put ourselves m the position to.obtain We must part, I shall back His go favor and to the Camp tonight, ?nd tomorrow we support. He leaves m free 0 shall choose the good and the evil,if we will-anpursue our journey Westward, what awaits me' o how-t1 know not, but brinlfusearer to Him my faith in the future of my by and unshaken is chastening through fiery heaven help geonle 4vho not forsake us but will be and yet and faint by the wayside.". those, au" UHL he n in timo nf And now dear patient reader .we mnst j " - " n f -th- alrshe-haTl"perfectt'aithr"iQ" "Uie-aintsran- fore-shadowi- ng purified through suffering and have borne it patiently. ' .. - . ' "For gold must be tried by fire The lessons thaj; Hephzibah learned out of the schools were 'very difficult,but they were a much higher grade than those taught in the halls of learning. She had talked largely of love while very young, and, she had sipped a little at - the spring -- she" had thought overflowing with the precious draught, just enough to taste its; sweetness, but behold it had turned" to bitterness afterwards, and even the cup from which she drank wa3 tarnished, andjsojshe cast- - it aside that her lip3 might not be cankered, and it is not strange if after such bitter experiences in her search for a pure and enduring love, she was wise enough to know the true metal from the glittering and showy -- i," -- " -- enameledTiriletjM inher rfperyirfs7 ahcPto teach some vital truths to' those who had not the same opportunities of gaining wisdom, or of knowing now near the false can imitate the true by having had so striking a contrast. Having known the bitter Hepsie ought certainly to have drank freely of life's sweetness, but alas, how often are the bitter and the sweet strangely commingled. EXTRACTS. LETTER FROM TETON, . i f I " ;- - . h s .This" is a beautiful country. The Teton Basin is 15 by 35 miles in area; the close surrounding mountains are covered with the pine and quaking-asp- ; the flowers here are too numerous to mentionj but the very sweetest wild blooni3 I ever beheld. The Teton Peaks are 13,335 ft. in height, and, when lit u p by the deep gorgeous hues of the Sunsete here, they make the most beautifully imposing sight I ever saw. in 'my life. -- . I jusnove KJw'thofough independent mode of living.' Just imagine with the largo great stretches of pasture-lanbands of horses, the fierce herds of cattle, (some of the latter are so very wild that one is not safe a half mile from the house.) " The- - cozy log cabins are miles and miles apart; to visit, we go horse back or in the d cart ' Game is very abundant. Elk, deer, moose, bear, goose, duck, chicken, etc; and the finest of trout abound in the lovely Teton river and many canyon streams. All kinds of berries are here, too. - I am enjoying plenty "of horse-bac- k riding, the shortest ride I have had 16 was miles; yet last time I rode 25, and next time JLexpecL :taariiFwr the mountains, there is a trip- - into crowd going to Jack-so- p Hole, on the other side of the peaks, 150 miles from the Yellowstone Park. a t ftinjjupieiiiable Ever your friend, Emily. Aug. 28, 1890. free-agenc- fW:.. "f-men-ant- roi self-denyin- g. d He-kno- ws tig ever-prese- nt ,1 Do good by stealth, and blush to fmrl it. Those whft nrfynarrnfo'oTrll CTZ il invent th suppose this to be always the case, because no man who spreads detraction would ... have scrupled to produce it; as he who would diffuse DOlSOn in a hrnn!r wnntrl cno,nn pmakciau-3-desig- it n that "u ha fanmwA iLi'citu I 11 01 1 t i t-J- - l . . t wno is doing anotner 1 -- 