V -- tV OMAN'S 186 Mormons be good sectarians and citizens of the United States." Underlying both the-- e ca?es of attempts to deprive people of political rights because of sectarian beliefs lies partisan politics, and every believer in individual liberty should cry out that we are on dangerous ground. in u ch 2 air.pbjec t ion able union, of It church and state to keep people out of political rights for religious beliefs as to require religious beliefs for the exercise of political rights. On the latter much is said but it will only be the legitimate evolution from the former, which is now passing unchallenged. Woman's Tribune. r ifjuas tion. , A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and ho who plants kindness gathers love. He who has an empty cup may pray God to fill it; he who has a full cup should pray God for a steady hand jto hold it. Counselors. i Young... re- membered that no reproof or denunciation is so potent as the silent influence ample. Hosea baliou. f of-a-goo- d-ex One of the best ruU&in conversation is never to say a thing which any of the company can reasonably wish we had rather left unsaid; nor can there anything bo well' more contrary to the ends for which people meet together than to part unsatisfied with each other or " why one trudges a 1 o n Li feSrli i ghwa yhmi 1 care to go out of his way to stab, another, who is doubtless having all he can do to keep up the march and tug 'his gripsack along. Boston Commonwealth. . PASSED AWAV. Died at her residence in Spanish Fork, Feb. 19th 1890; of "La Grippe," ' Elizabeth "Lock, beloved wife' of John ' I Ioughton and daughler6f A n'drew and Catherine Fergu-- " son. Born Nov. 19th 1846 in Ruthergland, Scotland. Came to Utah with her parents in 1855. Was the mother of fourteen children, eight of whom are living. She was a devoted wife and kind' mother: a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, and a teacher in the Relief Society. 373 3zzr ' Spanish Fork, March 20th, 1890. Com. . Sister Barbara Tenson of Redmond Sevier Co. departed this life March 7, 1890, after much suffering and long sickness. Sister Jenson was a native of Denmark, she was 63 years old at the time of her demise, and was the mother Of eight children seven of them are now living five sons and she was an affectionate wife, ant wise and loving mother; she was also a faithful worker in the Relief Society, she has been a teacher for many years, and was then President until her poor health would no longer permit it Although her sufferinps were long she bore them patiently. The funeral services were held at the Redmond " school house Sunday March 10th, and although the weather was very, cold and disagreeable a large number of vehicles followed her to her last resting place to pay the last respects Saint to one so good and noble, she was a true Latter-daof the family circle, and will be missed greatly among those held in who her RelieT the also high esteem. and Society S.MATILDA PETERSON Pres. R. - Redmond Ward. two-daughter- s; " Died, at her residence in Croyden, Morgan Co. Utah, March 30th, 1890. Sister Elizabeth Blackwell, the beloved wife of Charles Blackwell. She leaves a husband, son and' wife and grandchildren, also other relatives and friends to mourn her loss. She was an exemplary woman, kind UNION " " TICKET IOFFICE, Main Street Salt Lake City. J. V. PARKER, izzzr; rznrzzzzz AsstGenl, Pass7Agt. 3 J.6t28,3aaiifl.32East'istSotttlLStt ' "SAT.T LAKE CITY, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, March' 16th 1852, in Birmingham, England, crossed the plains in Special to the Ladies. ?iPanyoLhandartsAwkh her .liJSJll band and children.and endured idl the trials hus- AT TEASDEL'S six inbravely cident to such j6urneyTShe was" faithful Latter-da- y Saint. T he slightest hint of poverty or suffering would call forth her strongest sympathies, and she in V was-foremo- Will bo found th latest styles and pioductions in - st LACES, - RUCHES, EMBRODERIES FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS,, TIES . ., ... tha UfTa ui tin (rntiKIp in rt KC..-ri was & uciicumig oiners, one faithful teacher the Relief Society, always on hand to do .her duty as long as her health would permit, and to Uar a testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and to the goodness of her Heavenly Father to her, and especially daring her illness. We mourn her departure, but we aLso realize that '' our loss, is her eternal gain7 L. D. Mitir, R. S. Se. k nv, . And an elegant assortmenf 0 . G- O OX) S i ! ;DB Special department for XadiestSlLsses' and . - Died at Brigham City, Saturday March 22, 1 890. beth Chappie SmUh, in Bishops Hympton's, Devonshire, " THOMAS Died in the 66th, year of her age, at her residence in West Bountiful Ward. Davis Co. Utah, after a long and severe sickness, Sister Jane Argyle. She was baptized into' ,first " ''TIieTLein.jteiail Alice Hoyt. Richfield, March 29, 1890. IN MEMORIAM EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH Though earylifeiastsb great eternity, yet it seems that the human mind, clothed in mortality, cannot grasp the perfection of God's, designs and, though we fain would look beyond, our vision is often ' bounded by the horizon of time. Consideiing all this, we deeply sympathize with the bereaved husband, Jamily and fond parents. In regard to absent ones, we know ."They are not dead, but gnne ' before." r y 5 Ass't. Sect. Through your columns we would chronicle the. death of one of our loved rnembers.Sister Nettie Baker, the Stake Secretary of our Yi L M. I. A. who died the 2nd of January, leaving a husband and two baby girls, one an infant.' While we esteem death as the glorious gate to a land of joy and beauty, yet mortality whispers words "of sadness on or fe that- people are n ot kinder--toAnd it is beyond all understanding - SALE PRINCIPAL POINTS OBITUARIES. "d'Iofiieloloveonesvieft teMnd." 1i : Dear Editor: themselves.-Swi- ft. another. ) liis --.O- Mary Hopkins, Hannah Too.ve, ) A"."N:'B;'TI1i " President Elizabeth Cottrell, but know how little some enjoy f)f the great things that they posses there would not beimuchz enyyjn; the jorld.tiL: -- - -- - , Ellen Thackarky, we did - thi ngs in v fTisweH nnrIFdeparte3. "one. Her mortal race is run; And angels waited by her side, To bear her spirit home. MISCELLANEOUS. -- . . - In family government let this be always - good report fajthful to the end; resting in the glorious hope of coming forth in the morning of the first resurrection; " ' 1 - -- ' If n very deed, henest and up right in all her dealings and generous to the needy. Having passed through many trials and privations in her native land, to ..assist , the Elders and gather to Zion, and sad as may be the feefrngs of the dear f;?erteft Uehindrwe cannot but rejoice to think that another faithful sister has passed behind the vail, full of yeirsand. good works, and sterling integrity.' She has now gone to enjoy the society of the faithful samts, who like her have fought the good fight and kept th faith, and endured through evil and moth?r. a loving kind and patient wife,' a consistent Latter-da- y Saint. Resolved, that we the, sisters of the Croyden Relief b0etJ tender bur love and esteem to .the memory of our sister, tarbeen a mmb&"bt this Society since its organization in October 1875. She was chosen and set apart as Secretary of the Society and has filled her position faithfully until within a short time of her demise, She also has mingled her voice in testimony of the work of God and imparted good counsel to both old and young, and left an example of faithfulness worthy of emulation.,, We fee! her loss in her acus'ommed place Whereas; shall miss her greatly, but we do not. wish her back and but feci to say, Peace to her soul, knowing that she will receive.a reward from the Lord for her labors, and rise with the faithful and just. Resolved that we spread these resolutions on the minutes of the Relief Society , and also send them to the family of the deceased and to the Woman's Exponent for publica- - pamphlet iVsuol by tho Massachusetts "Committee of one "Hundred,", who propose the disfranchisement of all Romon .Catholics because thcv tfive their highest ajhgiance to the Pope, -- EXPONENT - fant's Shoes. In- . 112. U4, 116, 118 East Temple Str Eliza- England May 4tb, a8i6r Receiveithe Gospel in r4hcar849;" emigrated with her family to Utah in 1871. her husband having preceded her two years to prepare a home for the family. It can truly be said of Sister Smith, that she was a Saint - TI M H ERS GASWATiri & STEAM FITTE Vt S -- Agent for RUMSEys celebrated LIFT and Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders ir?? ' the country promptly ' to. responded . "Aii-sttA7X3 JAKI3. In 3CS.2fALT USS.CITT..,' FOH-PUMP- i 