WOMAN'S EXPONENT. sponded to the call and gave encouraging re- - aright, teach them to value the teachings' of ports ofjhe .few,.the. same faithful few that al- -' good and holy men. We are not through our res. bore ways attend these meetings. Each troubles yet, but the Lord rules, the kingdom a strong testimony to the truth of this gospel of God is not dead it U alive,'' etc. and hoped to hold out faithful to the end. Sister John felt that we had a great work Sister Standring after representing her ward before us, and sa'd, "let us live that wo can felt to bear her testimony to the truth of this have the smiles and approbation of our work, and exhorted the sisters to renewed Heavenly Father. We will now adjourn for fulness, said we wouldbe heldjesponsible for three months, singing,-"Thtime is far" spent the way wemagnify our callings, we have need there is "little Benediction by rto rejoice at' our persecutions. I wish to livo'tn David John remaining." r . see Zion redeemed, our. Savior's eomin r .. Secr q p hve-thatand-I- et usso oil have in may our lanlpz and -- bp :Teadjrfor-hi- s coming," etc., WOMEN OF THE BIBLE; etc. Sister Marilla Daniels felt it a privilege to BY A. B. C S meet with "the sisters again, had many testimonies to bear, each testimony we hear our A Lecture delivered at Manti, Dec. 6th, '89', sisters bear strengthens U3, the Lord has turned the key in our behalf and He ha3 blessed us before the W. S. A. Mrs. President Ladies In the earlier in 'our -- administrations to our : children. - Be watchful and prayerful, put away pride and chapters of the Bible when men lived more in selfishness, be faithful and watchful if our consonance with God's holy laws, we find a Savior should come now we should not be greater number of women mentioned, than we do in the later centuries, as I perceive, men Jible to stand in His presence, etc., etc. Susa Y. Gates was pleased at the remarks arrogated more to themselves, until finally in of the sisters that had spoken, loved to hear the middle ages, woman, was relegated to the the sisters bear their testimonies it strengthened lowest and most disagreeable tasks?, being treated little better than a mere beast of and encouraged her, she Lad had many testi -- burden. 77: monies for herself, to overcome her ' The first whom woman of we hear any very faults and live humble and prayerful. Exhorted mothers to attend the Primary Associa- - account in Holy writ was a woman- - named Lve; and although Adam may have been uni tions with their children. LncouragedJhe formly kind and considerate, allowing ."her sisters to u phold Sister John and her counselors for their untiring efforts traveling around great privileges, which we are morally certain he did or she never would have been left so among the sisters, etc. After singing and prayer Conference ad- - much in the society of the "Tempter." Modern women might have complained of journed till z p. ra Afternoon session opened with sinsrinsr and neglect, be it to her credit 1 never heard that she did. But, judging her by myself, and we prayer. Sister Brown from Pleasant Grove felt well paid for coming to Conference and are told that self judgment is a righteous one, was her chief hearing the testimonies of the sisters. Knew I opine that, discontentment descend this work was from the Lord and that we would ; characteristic. A the present day "can attach blame? come off victorious. I feel that we have been ants' at as she was to wander, for untold preserved in the hollow of his hand, there have Doomed centuries, withiij the precincts of . that,,, cele been plots and plans laid for the destruction of this" people "ever since Joseph had the first brated garden, separated from all female com revelation, but they have never retarded this pahions, with whom she was wont to associate work, we have increased all the time because m her former high estate, and wnom she doubt it is God's work. Let us all do right and I less loved with all the ardor of her pure and afhave no fear, in the spirit of God there 19 fectionate nature, permitted only the companionship of Adam (if we except the Serpent) safety and in no other way, etc. and if I am allowed to judge Adam by most men Sister Anna K, Smoot always had a testiof mjr acquaintance, he was probably very inmony to bear; by hearing our sisters speak we different company, as men's conversational learn to know each other, if-- we realized that is seldom exerted to any considermore, it would help us and we would be more brilliancy for the benefit or entertainment of able extent punctual in our attendance at meetings. How a wife. . great a thing. it is ;to say we know this is the of also a woman's crowning glory, Deprived kingdom of God we cannot say it without His and motherhood! Who I ask can will and His spirit; let us keep His spirit that comfort, joy, blame her for being discontent, and desiring we may be enabled to continue, to, bear that a change in her monotonous existence? even testimony lest darkness overtake us, we may included Death! omit something or' do something that will though that change The interesting family of Lot should next darken the spirit and we may lose it entirely. occupy our attention, and much might be said Spoke in the interest of the Primary Associa-- . on the inquisitive propensities of Lot's wife, tion, exhorted mothers to. set their children who like Fatima inthec ygoodxamples for theyInust indulge just one peep in the forbidden when your words will be forgotten, etc. " regions the consequence in both cases resultsaid T ra" much general good, though apparently - you-an- d eased itfr"hTTemarBlHaF ing disastrous to the chief actresses at the time. are made, they are timely and worth treasurWe will next notice Sarah, the wife of u ness faithful to ties our du is coming p, Abraham, who must certainly have been a womendable, these societies are great helps, they man after God's own heart, and one also whom are a tower of strength to advance the king-- . He delighted to honors We quote Whereposition will be advanced fore she said unto Abraham, "Cast out this from this time; our Savior talked with Eve n and her son." And 'the thing and 'also with Sarah and Mary. Joseph rewas grievous to Abraham and he carried the vealed the doctrine that ;we had a mother in matter to the Supreme Court; and we read Heaven. . Christ first appeared to woman after that "God said unto Abraham, in all that Sarah His Crucifixion thatrshows how "she was hath said unto thee hearken unto her voice.'K viewed by him. Woman is entitled to be equal I wish family quarrels, in these days could .with man, every key of the priesthood that be disposed of in the same manner." (Ap man has, woman can enjoy with her husband, plause).' -- women are our first and last friends,-w- e could With" ycur permission ladies we will now not do without them, we go side by side, let follow poor Hagar in her wanderings in the us e careful of our children and guide them desert. "And Abraham rosejip early in th 136 - morning and took bfead and a bottle, of water, J; it on her shoulder) and gave it unto (putting M . A t I. n InJ n n'.l , . J a i n l liugm ituu iuc juu auu ecm incur uway. "And she departed and wandered in the wilderness of Beershebal" "And the water; was 'spent' in the bottle, and Hagar. was lost in the desert, and Ishmael was dying of thirst! With swollen tongue, eyes almost bursting from their sockets, panting and struggling-fobreath, he sank upon the .. burning sands of the desert. The wretchedandabandoned H aj?"af"cou Mnd u r e:toloolcc(pon: h iouJlcririlZ no longer, so placing his head under one of the stunted desert shrubs, to obtain the benefit " of the meape shade it aflbrded "She-wWas- -it bow a shot and off, sat down, and were, ' lifted up her voice and wept." Ohlthat terrible, agoiiizing wait of despair, ..... rending a mother's hearUca' 1. -- e is-nea- Lost "in the wilderness! driven from home by Sarah, by Abraham, the father of her child, and by her Heavenly Father. Deserted by God and manv and perishing in the desert. I do not say she did not merit the terrible agony of that hour, but many times, we at the present day, feel that our punishment is greater -- -. -than we , can bear. Abraham must have taught Ishmael to pray, ' for aroused by his mother's cries distress, we read that 'God heard the voice of the lad," and the angel of God .called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her "Hagar- - what aileth thee? Jear.not!. arise! lift up the lad iu thine-hanfor I will make' him"tc. And God opened her eyes and she saw a well of ipure . water and she went and filled her bottle and gave the laddrink, he revived, and they continued their journey, and he became the lather of a great nation whose hand, to day, is against every man and every man's hand against him. The fierce Bedouin of Arabia. We will now take a glance at that sweetest, 'meekest,8 and most; dutiful of maided was so ready to become the wife of Isaac. Ere long we perceive the lady in possession aud developing- - a' ttitl ot "her; own, "and events plainly prove that God not only acknowledged approved, and honored that will, but relied upon her fine powers of discretion, and discernment of character, as she, with all a mother's love and keen powersof perception knew that her darling Esau, her first born, with his wild roving habits, his generous and brave, but hasty, passionate and cruel temperament, was not as competent to become the father of 1 a wise, enlightened and progressive people, as ' the more thoughtful, dutiful son; the son that would accept counsel of hi3 mother and that mother remember was a woman and so, although she was compelled (through the obstinacy of Isaac) to resort to stratagem to obtain it, she gained the first blessing for Jacob, and as women usually 'are she was'right. If you are unconvinced of this read tho:history. nofthr" two people, ; th IslraeHtes and the Edwmites, the latter being a cruel, revengful -- - ; t ng d, 4 ; - . - -- ---- , -- will-remembei- Lost! -- . -- . t -- ; --1 L r we was-tryi- - -- peopleras-witness them step-daughte- r -for- -instanc of Herod Antipus, the latter dancing for him, thenjiemaiding and receiv. -iug ineturn7at"his hands, the heaHcT JohF" the Baptist, on a charger. I think even the men, who claim so loudly against womanV rights would scarcely, relish association with the Edomites, if Herodias and, her daurrhtpr are a fair sample of the female descendants of iiian. lmbueing her hands without cause in the blood of an innocent man, and that man a Prophet of the living God! the time and place si banquetl I can admire the heroism5 of " women in times of war when the finer in- stincts and feelings are swallowed up for the time, in the excitement and anxiety for the safety of their f kindred and country But ZZPifohn sml -- ' :'13om.:-:'.---Wdman,- bond-woma- . iheldlce4murderetsRO Eorrorthe ; sickens my soul! If you admire modesty and retirement in voman who f unyun,der3tQpd, realizecL and .ap- - 