WOMA'N'S LINES IN MEMORY OF SISTER M. J, TANNER. WHO DEPATED THIS LIFE" rANlfA RY" 8, "l$Qp y TROVO CTTV. n Tf' . : MRS. df:j;orai( BILLINGS. V --r- , ; - Jn her we placed a noble trust,.-:, In doing; all things well, f: ...She held our greatest confidence , ... None could, with her,. excel. r " sweet-scente- . :- -s' ! ' . , l. V " make-thcmselv- "" ' - r-- r ..-.- ':'- :; 1 ' creed pf fear, Wheri human life and nature's laws in harmony- entwined Shall ' be the base of better lives the Christ of all man- kind. , ; ; " ... s I may not be a proiet, but the glorioiiv time's, af hand,' In which the nations 'shall combine, in, one harmonious ' 'J ' " ' V band. That day will see one God, one church, one government on -' . ' d ' . To her kind nature did impart u. A noble gift divine, : To wield the pen in Woman's Right" . : And elevate the mind. u earth,- TKe - long-expecte- - : ' V - : golden' age, the newer second birth. d I may not be a prophet but tha time (will, surely come t7 When through much tribulation we'll scourge the demon - . ; " " : la charity and love. - ''"' " ' - ' 7 "And now, since this has been our lot, To mourn our President, : ., ' 'w Let's not despair, but try to be ': ' With Providence content. ' ! ' u: ti . i J"- . On "any . vantty-xis-th- heaven can give us. the light and iatelligeqce of His .holy spirit which gives every thing .its : r proper value and all its proper place. Tiiis is indeed .the true riches and also tho most needful for. us (o profess. -- .. . ; 1 ' 1 atii - .n . ; ' v ( '. . , ; is Slormon? Gne ihon intelligen cr to prepare for His second advent more strictly all His to the earth, pykeepiiig ' commandments. We certainly could net be prepared without doing this. Shall we then cower under misrepresentation, which is as much as to say we are.etapid d . and and ignoraut, mean; which we know we; are not. The ; principles we believe and cherish are quite ths.toppositeriJU'J:'' sincthere must be which side of the. question is tho right side and Vell let an the .one to cleave to and sustain? earnest and persevering zeal for right be ours,-- in ' " ' btrftte one read the" history of our Lord 1 t Remember still his kindly voice, His warnings ne'er forget, And yet again we may rejoice Thai here on earth we met, ' : ' : T"! ..iA heart so true, a soul so brave, ' k The'terapter's shaft to dare; his to flock save, every thought '' Their dangers too, to share. -.- J and Savior without a feeling or' love and adiniratiou enlivening every nber of, the soul. This--I cal the gen ine o ve of God; the efi'ects produced by the. good epirit;,, tlm ..spirit en larcres the unuerttaudinff and enlightens the mind, with ft we can - comprehend, many of : our- - oavior s leacnipgs wnicn iook ciouuy or dark beforehand really feel a fpirit of enthusiasm for the great and good work that Jesus'came toaccoinplish. AuoVas far ' as" we get Intel Hg'entS' in this' work the greateris o'u r joy. There h a s)irit of enthusiasm prevailing of late which 1 think is quite commendable; especially when reading in the paper pf. the Idalio test caseTalso the hllf .ihTrdcTuedr.by;..; Scnatof Steward i of .Vermont, desiring the MormoD3 not, only .disfranchised, but also .not permitted to make their homes on public lands, sinipl y because we are , Blormpns.' .And what , Beside the weary bed of pain,' He stood byJay and night," ' Cheering" the stricken ones again To faith and hope'and miht. ' - i - T1Teshra.nfc "nOf fronr the haFdesl task hen duty jnarked the way,' ; 1 1 e never wore jhe traitor's maiki to A brother betray. . ' ' spirit and in truth. --- to tower. Our girls will miss a father's care Our boys his counsel wise, Aye, all will miss a. shepherd rare : hose path led to the skies. . ' believe lhis ,to.he,onelbf llii attributpsjfpjjo says, those who worship Him must worship in -- Monument Our House of God, ' i Shows forth hisrwondrous power, To lead his people where heijrod p I may not be a prophctj but the time is almost here hen the4 woman with the man shall stand, and take her ,' proper sphere.' Restricted and oppressed she's been, 'througbr all" theages ' : m; K. I'. of-fi .The Casket rock-basefu- arrive at. It is just forty years since I embraced the I do surely know principles of this gospel,-anthat the gilt3 and graces which characterised the ancient Church have never failed, when. we are what we shou Id be ou rselves. B u t St. e Paul aidthat "We are subject to sparks which; fly upward." Accordingly we need great caution and card to keep a, well balanced-min- d and devoted. zeal and to the cause of truth, then .our Father jn ieouih-ip; and as we learn that the circles we are made in the image of God, wo readily Where earth to earth and dust to dust, From y Sincerity is a quality we highly prize' in . now may rest, ,; That held a spirit all might trust, , Now with the ransomed blest. - t MEMORTAM. ' -- are to bo our rulers now. Ti it not humiliaU ing? Yes indeed it is. But1 it mu?t be our fault, or we need more humility.' We cati not be true Latter-daSaints without this quality. The Lord has said He resists the proud buT lUi gives grace to tho humble. If wo would pltaso our Fntheryft must ii9j lose sight of, Uk laws, for He is, angry with; wane excepting thoso who will not acknowledge His hand jn all things Can we do tlii.5?, jt U a nice point to -- SINCERITY. Seventy Onelind. in all .these years Can no spot of jrust be found. To mingle now with the heartfelt tears - That moistens this Sacred Mound, f now unite, And if we strike together we'll conquer in the fight. past, Thank God, the star of hope shinesclearshe will : at last. ' ii.::-.;.I,L- : JOSEPH POLLARD. ft The yionster's trembling at the door brothers, sisters, ' God's Wisdom, none can comprehend, Nor jet 'His Purpose tell, We'll kiss the rod, our love to prove, He doeth all things well. . ' IN r;think.;I hear; ;itrsaid thLiberal party d , ' ... V j ' " " II r,(virtues we unite to praise, : "' Her labors' all approve, .ili'Her steps were lectin wisdom's ways, ..1 . -- ; - 7, n es : " j . bond, we did unite-"- -: . Ourquorurri'all complete, But hope, like a vase, .Lies shattered at our feet " ; Mil - In friendship - THE HKTTKR TIME TO COME. this. wo never, fail only when we carelessly? make a inistake. i,1 look upon these rules ai I IVrUieuby John Jt Hutchinson, af&suttg by do upon a problem rof Arithmetic, if we fail him. at the, HaiifimiA mtrican. WomatizSuri to obtain the true result; we find by, looking Convention after Mrs. StantorCs address; Wash, over the work that we did' not add, or niuUi-Iplyv' subtract correctly. v: ington D. C. February .) ; ; ; Then when wc see the mitaker wo soon find ' I may "not be a prophef, but methinks I feel the time all is right, for the rule ii a perfect one, and all When freedom's breath shall fan the cheek of all in every who will perfectly acqaaiatcd :s ,:, ;: u t clime, ils theory;, but, w'c.nccd ; LgUhjLiebenfit.ed by When labor sha:i be virtue and religion shall be truffi. to be active and sincere in all our researches ; ' And all earth's sons ftnd. jTaghter3 shall a trusting i trjoy ,. pi rel igiont asHalsa t 'Lci cn cefb t hi ng: doti ' youth;'.- - :. .!3.,' ',j t ;r alHhe('jhajves arc never well ilooei we vill . I may not be a prophet,.yet is not the era near, surely inako'a mistake'and have heed to look' When the church shairc'ease to rule men through dogma's over and correct the same.' . ( " Mydaar kind friends agaui we've met .; To reverence woman's sphere,.' J r hearts, wUh grief, ire strickenr We mourn for one not here. w r: : xA tr rpOjSn-TtDeath-wit- h his ever stealthy tread v.. j HaVidour slstex low, , . ; And like the withered Autumn flowers, She rests beneath the snow. --O- ur - '"BT .,.,:'' - , .157 . " :: EXPONENT; or 1. Jj j - .. A PEltFKCT HOMK. - - l , . "w- - ... . - .'The late' Helen Hunt JaclTpoiV' writing of. "a" perfect home said: "Tho mos perfect homein-I everaw wa3 a little hcuse into the sweet cense of whose fires went no costly things. A thausanddollara servedas a year's living for fatherrmother and Hhrte- - children. - But tho mother was the creator of the home: her rcla- - ironSTwitrrthe chiltlren were, the most beau tifu 1 inrnato ..pi Xhe houso seen;-eeryI have-ev- er o involuntarily looked into her lace for the kty-notof the dayi and it ahvays rang clear. From the rose, or clover kaf, which in sriie of her. hard housework, '.she a 1 ways fo u nd.timo to put beside our plate3 at breaklast, down to the the tvtning, Etory ho had in hand, to read 1u there was 'no intermUfcion of her inlluence. r She has alwavs been aud; will' always lie my ideal of a mother, wife, and homemaker."-- ' If to ner ov licK Dram, loving neurt, uuu cxuuwuc. face bad been added the- appliance of wealth' hd enlargements cf wide culture here would have been absolutely trie lueai nom. iu it was, ft was the best ! have ever seen.-- VUin , , . - E. E. Wright, of Scotia, has just been admitted to the bar and is the first womandawyer in.her' district. Miss Kebekali E. Roberta has been: admitted 4o practice-.- in the Orphan's court of Philadelphia. ,She;isthe second woman lawyer adujitted to the bar of that citv. Mrs; Martha Stiicklandi of Detroit. as recently won; a case in the Supreme.. Court of Michigan, which has. been closely comesied the lat two years. As often asclcated in the lo.wQttir.t.i.he appljed to thg S'upV'fcJfle court for all sincei ity tol;. heart, for we must pay relief, and has wou three euccessivo victories, Uthe case Itnally termmatiog in her" favoh strict heed to the laws of Jesus Ex. ''y worthy to be called by His name, in doing The Law. Miss , low-Jive- ' - : "lh All honor to his sterling worth, "o trembling shook his frame; With those who bore the noblest part AVrite"Toseph Pollard's name. Christ-if-we-a- re Hope. T 