WOMAN'S EXPONENT. honor did they gain? So it will be with those Saints at the who seek to oppress the Latter-dawill notjiccomplish the plans", present time. They and they will yet be caught in they have devised, the very snare they have laid for the feet of the innocent and unwary. God is greater than man and "it is impossible for men to measure arms with Saints know of the Almighty." The Latter-daLord God the a surety that Omnipotent reigneth, and that is why they do not fear for Zion. - 142 NOTICE. TO" THE STAKE PRESIDENTS OF ASSOCIATIONS. THEY, L."Jt. I. For several years we have endeavored, but with only partial success, to obtain full reports from all the associations. We again appeal to the Presidents of Stakes and earnestly beg to interest themselves to have their secretaries obr tain full reports of the different societies, and then compile and forward them to the secretary xf the Central Board', Miss M. E. Cook, 158 W. Third South Street, so as to reach her not later than March 15th, in order that she may prepare her report for the General Conference of the Church, April 6th, 1890. . y of-the- .EDITORIAL NOTES. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Sanpete Stake will be held on Friday, the 14th of March,' at Ephraim, commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. mr The Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. will convene on the following day.., By order of Mrs. M., A. Hyde, President Relief Society. Sanpete Stake. m General Superintendence of Y. L. M. I. A. -- A LOVED ONE PASSED AWAY. Th Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of this Stake will be held Thursday, the 13th of March, 16 the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms in this city; meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and at 2 p.n1. A punctual attendance from all parts of the County is especialfy desirable, and brethren and sisters interested in this benevolent, institution are cordially invited to attend the Conference. M. IsabellaHorne, President R. S'. Salt Lake Stake; Elizabeth Howard, Secretary. gtifof TeBruartfs7'Sa1ra " NETTIE S. ALDER. Bgrn Oct. 14. 1870. ' President of the Woman Suffrage Association of : Utah, and Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, left this city as Utah, to attend the National-America- n . delegates from W." S Ar Convention; tar bee h eldr in: 18th, 19th, 20th and 21st of : Washington on the February. The ladies arrived in Washington in, Qime to attend the banquet given in honor of Miss Susan B. Anthony's seventieth birthday anniver-sar- y ' the Riggs H ouse, which is quarters of the suffrage delegates in Washington the-hea- D.C. ;.. d- . steel which by the by is a, very' good likeness, as well is now ready, and forms a as frontispiece for his volume of poems, which renders the book still more Valuable. The books . previously issbed .to purchasers, if returned to the office of the Juvenile Instructor, can have the engraving inserted free of cost. This vohmieof poems is now for sale at the Juvenile Instructor and Deserct News offices, and at Parry's book store, C. R. Savage's and Margetts Bros. The work is a valuable addition to any library, and Latter-da- y Saints, especially to the libraries of the and sublime a of is religious as the poetry strifctly exalted themes, most the character, embracing and awakening the spiritual emotions of the reader. .'Whitney's Poemsas he has entitled the book, is the first book of poems issued by one of the Elders of the Church since Elder John Lyon published "The Harp of Zion." There are to be sureveral brethTen who have written for the News the Millennial Starjijid many miscellaneous -poems for magazines, etc., but we do not recall a volume, nublished. The author therefore stands. has quite alone in this respect, for Brother Lyon Dassed away, though his poems live after him, and many of them are gems of Scottish poetry as well as genuinely "Alormon." Bishop Whitney's from poetical writings stand out clear and distinct all other poems; he is unlilce in style and tone any other poet in the Churth; Originality marks his work and his themes; he is not particularly and dreamy and emotional, but more majestic lofty than most young writers. We ardently hope that the young Bishop will continue writing and that he may reach the subllmest heights obtainable ,n poetry and song. .ngraving-B.Ulmp..0J-jiiwy,- finely-execu- ,1 ted, " trr" ' . . "Dearest sister, thou hast left us; Here thy loss we deeply feel; But the God that has bereft us, V He can all our sorrows heal. v "Sister, thou wast mild and lovely, : Gentle as a summer breeze, Pleasant as the air of evening, When it floats among the trees. 7 Ai.'Kfmball," Died Jan. io, 1890. thoughts are but natural. But do not let your grief be so great as to drive the Holy Spirit from you, for this, and this alone, can fill the void in your hearts. Remember our Savior said, "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted." For nineteen years Nettie has" brightened your home with the sunshine of her presence,. but she has been called away. He that bestowed this blessing upon you has taken her again. While here her future looked bright and promising. She is enjoying a future far brighter and happier than earth could hve given her had she remained, Nettie with in realize youthat to parting Try have added one more treasure to those gone before; one more link to connect you with that bright home above, and one more hand to beckon you along that straight and narrow path that leads " to life eternal. V We as a band of sisters earnestly pray that the Spirit of God will permeate your home. "May'its" sweet influence soothe and comfort you, heal your wounded hearts, and. shed a brightness over your souls that no earthly power can dim. 'Peaceful be thy silent slumber : Peaceful in the grave so low; Thou no more shalt join our number;"" Thou no more our songs shall know." 'Once again we have cause to mourn the parture of one of our dearly loved members. ' Yet again we hope to meet thee, When death's gloomy night has fled; Then on earth with joy to greet thee, Where no bitter tears are shed." y 1. .. Officers and members of the 17th, Ward Y. L. '. M. I. A. ' : de- - On JJ President. " -- .. Miss.-Ell- Dallas, l - a TridayWening7ja Secretary, our dear sister and, friend, Nettie Alder, passed away. What an indescribable sadness came over us unupon hearing of this sad event! How tears bidden flowed from our eyes, and would not be checked! We could not at first realize the painful truth. But alas! too true. Nettie has left us. Her pure, noble spirit has taken its flight. Words Laaaot express. ,b dear one from our number. We realize that in parting with Nettie we have lost one of the brightest and most faithful workers in the association. From her childhood Nettie has been an interested and a useful member, always performing the labors assigned to her willingly and well. . We shall miss her bright face from our midst. As the roll is called we shall no more hear the gentle voice answer with a beautiful sentiment. No more can we listen to the bright ideas with which she was wont to respond to the programme. By her sweet, amiable disposition, Nette gained our lasting love and affection; her bright intellect won our earnest admiration; while her virtue, integrity and true womanly dignity incites our emulation. But she. has left us. Why she should hTve HeenTalled away we know notr I r is one of those decrees of divine Providence that it is difficult to understand. It is hard to bow the head and say, "Thy will be done,' Nettie's life was like that of a beautiful flower that has budded "and bloomed to perfection, then drooped, faded and died. But like many beautiful flowers she. will spring up into life at another love-ablseason, more beautiful, more perfect, moe e. tend to you bur heartfelt sympathy in this hour of We realize that your sorrow your bereavement. is a great one, and that words are weak to console unless accompanied by that soothing spirit that the aching heart. You feel that gives comfort to the sunshine has gone from your heme; to you the sun does not shine with its usual brightness. There is a place in your home that is vacant; a can fill. Such and kindred place that no person : c.-.howe- HEPHZIBAII. XV. The springtime came with all its loveliness, And to the village maidens pleasures brought, promises of happiness; .Qloveuhowjnanf changes Jhou hast wrought !w. Betrothals The first few days that followed Hepsie's baptism were spent very quietly; she felt deepnoticing ly, but said little. Elder McG the quietude of her demeanor, divined, the cause and sought an opportunity for conversation. Finding her alone, he addressed himself to her in such a way that she could not avoid answering. "Do you comprehend, Hep- sie, the great importance of the obligations you have taken upon .yourself, in bt coming a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, and have you a knowledge of it3 doctrines?" The girl opened wide, her great blue eyes, and looked him io the face in" nocently, yet with surprise. "Mr. she gaid, "I know nothing, except that I have been obedient Jo. the wkbea of my mother, and . will have forsaken all eke. My not recognize me now; they are lost to me, a3 ' they are to Lucy Reynolds. school-friend- s, Bat-yb- tr have accepted-something-bett- er, higher and purer than the wisdom and, learn- ing of the world." "How am I to k n 6w that the Everlasti d $r ... Gospel w!iimakem purer? Tell me that if you can?" M13y player and humility," the Elder answered, and he explained, in the most eloquent manner, doctrines and principles entirely new to her, but which she grasped quickly. He related circumstances concerning life at Nau-- . voo, and told her much qf Joseph the Prophet. Like' Maty of oldj she pondered these things in her heart. From time to time she heard the local Elders speak in the meetings of the brauch, and she became better aquainted with ' the truths of the Gospel. . 