 Ax v ) .fi (' H V t i i k ) fit y. The Rights dfr tie TPomenrof the Rights of d CONTENTS. ; 1 0 .iEoetryj.TrrSavvingnd-R4Aping- Speeches and Songs. Those who in - When waking from their slumber v Were forest, field and hill. And freed from icy fetters, jtad-xill- , -- youth went forth bne morning To sow his early seed, Choosing the sunny hillside . Rather than shady mead. brief season, Too late for recommencement, When life's best years have flown, And then to learn the lesson We reap as we have sown. How many lives are wasted? How many hearts cry then With a sad, useless cadence, Alas! it might have been.' ' - " - A . think the sowing over. To work there is no need, Will find that in the harvest, There are more weeds than grain. And having gained that wisdom Wish('to sow o'er again. SOWING AND REAPING. J. ; - ' He with untiring patience Had worked with plow and spade," Till by his earnest labor A garden plot had made; And out on the sunny hillside, Over the fertile land' ;' He sowed the seed that morning With true, and careful hand. You have your lives before you, ' Your springtime yet you hold; Oh may you fill the moments Ere autumn finds you old With earnest useful labor, . Sowing ere springtime leaves; Else you shall not in the ripened sheaves. auturnn--'--.:v--Garner . .1 Alice L. prin-.dplfsof- Colf. Edited by Mrs. L., A, PennimapjiOsdicAied .to,xh Saints '(all overthe world). 'JoiMW'itiellier-ddy 4 SpnngVTtFS balmy breezes. "SoTSfi'p'asSea 'From THIIanTplainu And the soft breath of Summer Waved the swift growing grain. r Summer, and still the sower "Did work with patient toil, For tho' they be not planted ' Weeds spring up from the soil. HEPHZIBAH. XXV. " " Always and ever the moan of the sea, Sobbing and sighing, she seemed to hear; A subtle foreboding of what was to be, "Sleeping or waking iffilled" her with fear. The waving grain grew higher AndcaughLa golden glow- That deepened with each drawing, Tho' oft a hungry foe . From a safe distance watching Did long a share to reap, He could not for the sower His. ceaseless watch did keep. When the strangers who had brought the message had left with 'Hepsie's' decided in the negative; she felt that the associations of . her married life were ended, that-new epoch for her must begin, the name was ail tnat was lelt, except the terrible sorrow that hung about her like a funeralnalllghfi. experien cedTomeiregf erTp5accou n t Tof Ha r old's brother, who had shown so much real affection for her, that Mrs. Harvey was accustomed to sayrJ'one- - cannot tell which loves an-sw- er a And when the tints of Autumn Were over..wQQ.d and hill,'He who had sown in Springtime, - And labored with a will the Throughout changeful season, His rich reward receives; With joyJie marches homeward" : Bearing the golden sheaves. ..' JlepsiehjmojJB hard - "How for Hepsie to face the it-w- as', .worltLaloneycanneverbe-toldnTivo-r- Another youth one morning, Careless of where it fell" Scattered his seed at Springtime Within a grassy dell; The weeds sprang up and choked it, But thinking he had sown, And naught remained but reaping ... When the rich grain had grown. d thing only was left, her faith in God; she " '." , prayed-iunceaslng- -- ly for divii?e-helpr"fors- nb JKirikn&Jthei Temple, and the scenes of persecution throno-which thQ early converts .had.passed in Ohio, and in Missouri. All this had a peculiar charm for ITepsie, and she felt her faith increased aud her spiritual strength renewed day by day, as she listened to the conversation of this good, devout woman. Finally Airs. W. knowing how unsuited she must be to her queer cousin, said to her one day, "you might have a little school here, a sort of governess like, you would be your own mistress in the matter, and if a better opportunity came, you would be at Hberty to accept it." Hepsie realized'" the great diirenc in the spirit "of these two cousins, one was full of zeal in the Gospel, the other constantly finding fault with verylhingQd-he'Titcept- ed the offer Mrs7 W- - made, though she never mentioned any remuneration except the privilege of a home. She dreaded telling Miss B., but it 'was unavoidable, and in the gentlest way possible, -- sheexplained "the -- . . were all misconstrued-an- d finally . when rsh e saw. how useless words were, she burst into tears and criedjj n til jhe : was reallyiunfit for 'anything. Miss B. was so very much annoyed that she said many disagreeable things, and her manner? was so offensive that it made Hepsie still more anxious to cro where she could do to pay her way. She wa3 .not in something nrS.A 1 lime courage, and it was given her. Miss B. had whose children came occasionally to visit hpr atu they had noticed "the pale sick young lady," at' auntie's, as they called her,- aud had ucv:u ui 1 il f..1 carta very utile auujiiereiqre andahe-mothe- r of her at spoken home, had rwhetherghe earned money or not, for the prebecome somewhat interested, and desirous of sent. Miss B wound up at last by saying: "I maid cousin" had took a knowing who her-"olfancy to you at first, and as for cousin taken to, as she knew her eccentricities. she's Ann, got so many of her own, big and She sent word by the boys, that she would about you; but its just little, she'll, like to meet this youner stranrrer. and tnlA like her, she came and took my sister Elizabeth them to ask auntijJoQraejupajKleeherrand away once . when we were giris, wanted her to nrTIiOIaTyey with her. The answer to go out west to Ohio with her, tried to win her me message was " Leu your mother she need yoii'Ye always reminded me of my sister now - . th o'bout 'Joseph the Prophet, and the dava" nf 1 . d " . -- -y- . He spent no time in abor, But all the Summer long. Idled away the moments ; With pleasure, laughter; song. And when at time of harvest ' "He forth to reap did ziql. "Tcwnere with careless motion He sowed in Springtime, 16 1 me,: i ts on ly - heeau 8 jliesiyou n g la rid rpretty Lut she can go if she likes, she'll be sorry if she does that's all." Hepsie heard it all. and she felt keenly the bitterness of spirit, that would., deprive her of a little enjoyment, when she was gq' much in need, of a change. It was not long however, until an opportunity came for her to meet Miss B's. cousin, , it" wa3 quite dooked for. and no one culdTiave been to '1)tamem llie'TnaTf'erTiift Tate, and it nroverl fatal to Mrs Harvey, as far as the friendship of Miss l. wa3 concerned. After Hepsie's introduction to Miss B's cousin, which was purely incidental, she became quite familiar with the family, and Miss B. became highly indignant, and one day burst out in her anger. "If you like cousin Ann so well, you'd better take up your abode there, you're no good to me, and I'm tired of your going backwards and fjrvvards all the time, I can live without its very ungrateful, when you know ou-but what I've done for you, taking you in and waitV : .i ing on you." Hepsie could not reply, she was too deeply wounded, her sobs and tears were her only answer, and she. resolved then, .whatever the consequences might be, that she would not remain longer with one who manifested such a spirit. It was true, she had become. Interested in . Miss B's cousin, for she was a woman of great faith and never weaned of explaining the ""ATid Ida M. Davis. A Song, A. J. -- CrocBeron, Equal Rights, E. H. Woodmansee. VVere rivulet -- Carelesslyvhececl Alice Lines, By Andrea. , lif&!s No. 4. take cafe of her, she never has troubled about Learning that in the Autumn Naught reap we from the soil, Unless in Spring and Slimmer We patiently do toil. - Pratt. Editorial: Lawn Fete, etc. Editorial Notes. -- i - tU Women of alL Nations. Save "weeds, and stones and stubble, And dead loaves, naught was there; And he quite empty-h.in'Io'- d Returned in deep despair, . Hefihzibah. Pre mo pt I ems, S.'J. M. No t es' News. Miscellaneous. Woman's Callinjr,- R. S. Reports, Box'Elder, . E. A. Crane Watson. Salt Lake Stakes. The Coming Brotherhood, Frances E. Willard. The Coming of the Savior, " f :. SALT tAKE. CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1890. Vol: 19. M. A. M. Zion,-an- v . . not-troub- le , 