1 JTk-uZ&-I -- : - CH T. II - ---- ' - - - E..0.1N 7fc Vol. i?' i SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1, 1890. 19. Conference and Solitude Anderson. and' its Advantages. May Notes and News. A Bust for Mrs. Stanton. H.DITORIAL: woman's More. Cflristmas is Coming. Editorial Notes. An Enjoyable En- From l tcrtainment. Items From Scandinavia. the President's Message. Utah Officers in Con- Fair,- - Cassia.-Prirh- ary - . grSSUtakJCa.W. Utalr S. A. ForeignJLfctter-r-My- Arrtifa S. VV. ;t . CroralTr Items From Arizona, Maria Mc'Rae. PoetrV: Give me Music L. M. H. ing Sunshine, L. L. G. Richards. The Lamont; Stars,-Rub- y ' GIVE ME MUSIC. Oh give me music ! tho' my brow is calm , - My heart seems bursting in its cell below, And gloomyjhoughts come crowding thickly up, - From that deep fount of bitterness "and woe, ' are silent and the night U ill not answer; no reply Comes from darkness or from light. From the earth or from the sky ! Silent, silent all I the tomb Gives no answer, makes no moan,. Wrapt in myst'ry, wrapt in gloora, ' Pleading still, I stand alone! All alone no answ'ring voice Bids my longing heart rejoice ! O, give me music! would I might forget, What life was when I first its pathway trod, Too much its pleasures have my heart beguiled, From Him to whom alone 'tis due, my God. mc music, soft and sad and low, "' Twill cheer my weary fainting heart, and raise My drooping spirits from this dull cold world; my, mournful thoughts , to ,?Cngs of praise, 0, give .. V.trn . -- COURTING" SUNSHINE. TO N. T Dear and true and patient one, Well thy task is being done. .Yet continue,. be unmoved, 13e thy course af hcav'n approved, As thy life thus far hath been, Chaste and meek and free from sin. Iu thy day of test and trial, Sacrifice and l, Trust not human strength or skill, Look to God for guidance itill; He shall grant thee grace and pow'r To endure this mortal hour self-denia- have counted secret prayer, Courting Sunshine,bright and fair; Fietter than the shining gold, Which the eyes alone behold, Prayer doth graciously impart, Gojden Sunshine, to the hear,t. . - Firm in fa'ith.with steadfast mind, To thy portion still resigned, What though fortune smile or frown, So you gain the victor's crown, Bright and glorious like the sun, Tried and true and patient one. L. L, G. Richards. Written for the Exponent; THE STARS. -- ' Gems of beauty, gems of light. Sparkling in the deep blue TeH me of your secrets bright, Are-y- e homes for thejrsi that die? Wondrous depths where human thehght,'--Ne'e- r 1 can follow, ne'er can find, ..Wondrous heights where God hath wrov.ghi Works that mak'e pe-?- mortals ArA ! r - flection on the dark oaken . paneled walk made many a fanciful light and shadow,' so weird and strange that they were ever afterward remembered by the little oues reared in. that happy home. On that, particular Christmas Eye, the ever green3 were festooned and garlanded, so heavily and the dark green hiing with shining red berries, so that the dim shadowy light when it danced fitfully over and around made a strange contrast in its wcirdness to tho brighteyed d merry children who fluttered hither and , t ro3y-cheeke- thither singing and laughing admiring the decorations and calling the attention, of the older ones to the quaint and pretty designs. :, So rustic seemed this country home with its simple but tasteful ornamentation that one might almost imagine it ;a woodland, scene, ot the irarant' hemlock" and and the like a per funic from the forest it- pine was -- ; :: " 'vi,'-- " - " ; . ' ' u ' ; An old brown farm house Btandio upon a hilly slope, near a hemlock grove where one of those low murmuring pebbly brooks rippled aloig, its undertone harmonizing and shtverm withhe sighing perfectly ofhe in back the the of ground great pines pretty is Look there crowd a of children; picture. coming in from a ramble laden with ever- -' greens, "hemlock boughs, trailing vines and bright- red winter brries.How"raerlney: are, chatting gaily, and their, laughter ring-- i ing out in the clear frosty aii A light snow is falling which makes the scene even more attract! ver What a picture for an artist theM little folks, would make. The long vines they have pulled from under the thick carpet cf fallen leaves, that had covered and kept them fresh until the winter heiidays, when there are no flowers in the gardens outside, are wound around them giving them the appearance of s. -- ;. "These vil IageTchitdren arefamlliar with woods and "fields," and happy in their simple country lije; they have no idea whatever, of .city waysand extravagantl taslestheyhave hot- even, had a glimpse of the great busy worta ouisiae, us gaiety orwretcneanes?. L; This Christmas Eve was the last one that the large family assembled there on that occasion-- . -- wt h& 4 ay befr6:hristmasttoi3withmlfae' homely dwelling great preparations are being - itself. - "1 t - ONE CHRISTMAS EVE - seltVr- tHow diifefent was thw home of nearly half a century ago, plain and primitive in all its .appointments to even the village homes of to.;. day. There was no chandelier hanging in the great wide bare hall, only plain wooden pegs for the hats and coats, .and it had no carpet, but a painted floor with gay colored, warm, homemade woolen mats, the only realty attractive feature, escept the reflector that hung on the and was only lighted- on special occasions. wall, m The nousewastunusaUy-ga- y this Christmas eve, though these J'uritanical New England folks didn't make so much ado about Christmas then a3 they do now; still it was customary to have a holiday week before Ne w Year's, and visits were interchanged, among relatives and friends, and elaborate dinners were indul ged in. There was much feasting and merry- making and many queer old games for pastime besides. Who shall say that those were not "the good old time?" of which we sing and talk and moralize so inucb? I may iaye been too Jn jlescrihiiigthisun try :irosy and etc. dwelling perhaps 'twould please 'the ' present generation better to plunge into, the I story without preamble, but all this is go vivid to. the yriter,. and" it will 'do our boy3; and girls no harm to know how their mothers and grandmothers lived many years ago. As I sit before the blazing fire late on a winter's nigh t, I can call up many striking pictures and incidents and remember well thb people that figured in the dramas that actually ' transpired, outof which tho threads of many stories mighU)e wovenandTperhaps indulged too much in reverie and simplify beforehand what ought to be brought out in the narrative r":' Runv Lamont. Richfield, Utah, Dec. 3. 1890. wood-nymph- s, Guiding, strength'ning. saving still, He, the Father's faithful Son, .Bids me do that Father's will V"" He will lead me through the tomb,:;V Well He knows for once He died. Swift shall vanish all the gloom ' And my soul be satisfied, Gems of glory, gems of light, 1 "Shatt know your secrets bright!- - ' I ' : " " ' w'vKct''aI6r.ii t Tlie voice 6f One , and soon they are busy. bangiDgthem around tho walla of the longjovr, living rooniwhere the meals are always served and the family gathered in the winter weather. There on a winter eyening'"many intereeting etories and anecdotes were told and oldfa?h-ione- d songs sung, aud in the great wide firo' ' Ye t : thenf theliougfis aud vines and berries; Each resplendent, golden star, Says the soul shall never die, TakcV us to some home afar Can it be Alcyon, speak," Arc our heartstrings bound in thee? ; Vega, Dubhe, the silence break-- Do ye hide the mystery? By yoor streams, amid your flow'rs, Do our loved one3 weave their bow V Court - Ko. 12. r their arms and "about . ' That same God who rules on high -- . " When the star cf day hath" set And Ills gold hath changed to night, When the somber shades have met, Softly gleams ypur'gentle lighf ! Worlds of glory, beams of hope, Seen in grief, unseen in joy, All your lovety vista ope, r " All the spirit's gladness buoy I Do the precious souls we Jove, FiadJ.hoe,RxiidrQusJiehts.AbQV4? " . ff made for coming festivities. The children left to their own fancies had wandered away in tho pine woods, and - returned home carrying in Will ya whisper thi3 to me; Are yc homes for spirits free? " " One Christmas Eve. Autobiography 6f Eliza beth M, Pratt. It.S.and P. A. ReportsMari- - -K- r-Scok -- of of tU Womtn of Ziont and,:thtRigM$ CONTENTS. topa p. JL v Jl, : taemissingreversennvitMiOho aauj ior ere anotner year uad flown the group was broken, and" one ; a' girl" uuiiuicu 