A. WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Dismissed Anderson. Afternoon prayer Sron Bishop L. S. by ence to their labors and exhorted them to read and become fully developed in those matters' that would make them companionable to their . husbands; and wise and honorable mnth rMeetiDg opened with srtmught'-WufaT- "Earth with;herttcn thousand flowers,'' Prayer was' offered by 'Bishop C. C. N. Dorius. Singing Pres. Hydejcalled for reports from other branches of the It. S. in the stake. Pres. Ellen Dorius represented the South . Ward, Ephraim, the sisters were doing well, alive to their duties and generous'in imparting to the needy, hoped we would all be more united than ever before; always felt it a blessing to sit under the sound of the voice of those appointed to lead. Mrs. Caroline Snow felt proud of being a worker in tte Relief Society; said Sister V in Mahti, sent her love Jo the sisters, and wouTd-"- ha ve l iked to have been there" With 1 them, but had a very sick daughter, hoped we would pray for her in her trouble and for all the sick; thought we should have charity for one another and love and union. Mrs. Taylor said she was thankful to be a small link in the chain that binds us together, what we do is little but it is lasting; we are aoing me sinau tnmgs, let us not say anything to lessen the influence of a brother or e sister,-wneed to be on the watch-tow-er all : the time, true to each other and true toour friends. The One above will control all, and our enemies cannot overthrow, this work-Mrs- . Representatives on April 17 by a vote (including. pairs) of 141 to .73; The affirmative vote was almost exclusively Republican. There were i.tfh' pairs-,There are now ten Hindoo and Pardee ladies Jaking courses of higher study in England, and a number of young, girls are at school in the mother island. Perhaps some of these girls will live to teo the last "child E enduring were light compared to a devastating sicknessj such as had been in daVs that were past. Spoke ot the presiding authority of the Churchy and what a .very remarkable man Pres. Woodruff was, full oHife and vigor, even more than many young men, "the trials of: lite as: we call them" h lightly upon himr" spoke to the listers upon improvement, intelhn- jpirjtuaU jind urged them not to work too nard, also Fpoke of theUnited Order or a time when peace and harmony should, exi.'t in all Israel, and all inequalities and difficulties be adjusted. Pres. Hyde"" was mucF interested- - in" the United Order, as it had been touched ufxm here to day, thought it would be .a great trial "Come all ye sons of Zion." , 385, widow" in India. The women students have finally conquered . Basle, which, alone among Swissi hi verities, has hitherto refused to admit them. A formal decree now allows them to matriculate regularly, but only by way of experiment; and it is stipulated that if the experiment .does not work well, the doors' of the university shall again" J iV ei-by- e, al ery-intere3tinTerto(r did not then appreciate the importance of each golden word. He seemed to have the power ol winning every heart," and even his enemies softened towards him if he could converse with them. Alluded to the time when her husband , Apostle :OrsouZiflyde::rretu rn ing from a council very sad, informed her that Joseph had throwTn the responsibility of the work upon the Twelve, she felt then something would take him from the people. She made some remarks u polTIhlTgatE e7ingof th e J ews7 thought it one of 'the. greatest testimonies of the times. SisterHyde then exercised the gift of tongues, and Sister Snow gave the interpretation. v Pres. C. Petersen made brief remarks, re ferred to the great changes that had taken place since a conference had been held there, especially in Salt Lake City, if. any one had uttered these things as a prophecv it could Susan B.Anthony, Lucy S tone, A ice Ston o Blackwell, Jane H.Spoftbrd, Rachel Foster Avery, and their associates under the title of Woman the National-America- n Suffrage 1 AssociationQecrerQ " to vote to the women of the United States by appropriate National and State legislation, has beeu refered to the House Judiciarv Committee withoutrpfejection. -- -- ere as-th- T ; 1 , j estate-agents-rDrOhicag- A bHl toin - The Lord is good and He will chasten whom He loves, but trust in Him and He will only give us what we need. The roses of the field will not give forth their sweetness until they are pressed to death and then we realize how precious i3 the perfume, a3 with us, we are tried and proven to see if we possess the true element3 of salvation. The da of redemption is near, God will give us strength if we rely upon Him and perform our daily duties. There is not a3 much backbiting w and ygpeakitigagarnst eaclr other tised of people being obliged to sell their homes be- be, in tbii rjspect ,to Mrs. cause of high taxes, but knew It to ba the Lena Anderson felt much good mstruc to counsel; tion had been oeiven and reioiced in it,' andin direct resalt"Df disobedience "If . . the work among the needy in the Relief we had kept our trade entirely to ourselves and Societv: horjed the Smnt ot the Lord would A lived withm(mrineans7iifumul-noWi- a had to open our doors so wide. guide us into the right channel. Mrs. Ellen Jakeman appreciated the work is the stepping stone to the United Order and it is my belief that this people will not adopt done by the Relief Society, and recalled today the incident of the first organization of the it only when they have been tried to the Relief Society at Beaver, when Mrs. Elmira utmost. In my experience I have found that Murdock was chosen to preside, and there were the poor are much more willing to accept these seven sisters and two or three brethren present, things than the rich. The book of Doctrine and Covenants tells us that we shall not there wa3 so much opposition and which isIissouri, until Aem!dfficuJOo:8tenie jt tide, but Mrs. Murdock then said, that in after we are ready to accept tneUnjtOrder. The with riches as we have been years we would be astonished at the results Lord will try us We have been brought tried in poverty." Pres. Peterson spoke nobly that would follow. ' of the woman suffrage cause; and encouraged closer together through these organizations. the sisters to persevere in their. labors in wise .She- - had once been taken to live among and kindly words of counsel. Gentiles, and as she was naturally combatative, Conference adjourned for three months, the whenever they spoke against our people, she and "place of meeting to be desigbegan to hunt up arguments to prove her exact time nated hereafter. Singing, position, so what might have been a detriment " ' Agnes Armstrong Some avUc-reh'Svcr women as" whose assistants, engaged "duty it is to show houses. A busy man, who wants to purchase f home, ha3 his wife to suit first of alh It is generally she who selects the house and goeA around to look at those that are for sale. ; The assistant is sent with her. She' knows what women like in the way ot. closets, storerooms, laundries, pantries, etc., and she shows these otf with feminine skill. tolspeculators;- - th -i in Oar history as a people; spoke also of the appearance of the Prophet Joseph, the im pres sion he made upon those with whom he associated, his noble and dignified bearing. She had the privilege of hearing his teaching, but i- j . be closed to women. Thomas Wentwouth Higginson advances the idea that there are two classes of women . who are opposed W wo in ah's ad vahcemen t from her state of subjection. One is the school-gir- l ana ine otner is tne nome womanwno rules .y.y.013erba&bsm4neli3dMrwi ;'Mr' Higginsrin forgets one clasa--the.areitlie. strong-mindeconservative women, who have r of the eapahi li ties of "theirT Bis tera uoqpinion and are sure the world would rush onward to drdition if theywere allowed a voiceln affairs. -- T d, . Co-operati- misappre-hensionith- at Mme, Patti w'as , interviewed a few .days ago as to the dress, exercise, diet etc., most advisable for girls who wish to become singers. Being asked "What wines may a young singer allow herself?" Mme Patti answered: "If she really means to succeed no wines at all. I don't believe in wine; it hurts the throat almost in. variably. Some young singers, I know are not strong, and doctors prescribe ciarct for a bad practice to drink it. them, but it never touch wine." I For, myself Mis"Blanche Willis Howard,- the novelist, live3.in Stuttgart, and receives and chaperone3 young latli'S studying music, languages, and the like. One of the girls under her care says: "She is a practical manager,-- housekeeper, and S h e teach ea . U3 J cooking -- and jLCcou n tan t;. hen--MaBorne" "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning;'' economy, which one does not expect from a "toomeTproved & blessing to poet. Besides all this, she is a good remarks upon literatufe and how caretui Benediction by Brother Lowrey. - She takes excellent' care of the health of the we should be in giving to our children proper girls, and tries to make them reasonable in v read ing matter. " Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke of the great events caring for themselves. She also teaches us NOTES AND NEWS. that we won't have half so many. ills if we now transpiring in fulfillment of prophecy, the think and talk about tbem. She in need of faith and of wisdom, alluded to the consider it an act of politeness to don't Germans, sist3 upon more exercise than we can take, told feeling of weakness among the sisters, and hand. a kiss lady's almost, but our exercise is recreative; and part them it was just as essential to know their own of ic is swimming in a delightful warm Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Flanton's present adstrength a3 their weakness ; spoke of the great work among our children, the rising generadress is Basingstoke, Hants, England, care of swimmiug bath, which we continue all winter." 77 " : William Henry Blatch. tion, and the workVor the dead in the temple, The disfranchisement of the Mormons in to have blessed of the Sanpete people thought The municipal woman suffrage bill was Idaho because of their church fealty is havsuch a sacred edifice in their midst ; gave in the Massachusetts House of ing its legitimate political successor in the much special instruction to the sister3 in refer- - defeated of-Zi- on, - B " de I half-docto- r. -- 0 