WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' Fred said their acquaintance had been "rather short but he believed he knew his mind as wellpw aa he would a year hence, (said he, "I ieVyour daughter Hess and it will be Ko study of my, life her hannv knd I am sincere I thought it show to you that . honorable to most the speak to you and get your consent first, the parents that have raised their children to maturity 'ought to have "the h'rgt say about such matters. sincere lover, he sees beauty in every object and they whisper this is love, him to nothing looks dreary or sad. ' He looks to one that will share his fortune or his sorrows and make a home bright and cheerful, one dear spot pn earth where he can rest and center all his hopes, he wanders no more, hi3 feet and mind are stayed. He has a loving wife to bid him welcome, prattling ones to climb upon his knee, a happy home and many dear frieudi. -- ta'-mak- e " .119 -- 1 - my-nym- . You; willbe kind7 enough "to" speak to your Thh is hanotas-yet-spokeiwife for her consent, I -- home, sweet home- - so thought-Fre- d i: Stanier ' . ... 1 I n .. to your uaugmer cn mis suojeci not leelm as Be rose from his Jbed, refreshed andlini maat uuviiy i,u uu u, uului j. naa your ted with; such things in view-, Fred made his toilet. putting on a few extras approval." Mr. Grover very much admired the candor, after dinner, as he. intended to have a "talk and earnestness of the young man. with hisjQjraph of ?he" woods as hew6utd call good-sens- e He replied that if his daughter accepted his II ess. He intended to go alone and., oat ay offer, he had his consent and wished them any thing to Harry about, guiiig this 'time, a3 as life's walked he wanted to think how he would broach the they much'joyand' happiness He he wou promised path together. subject or put his thoughts into words, many the mother on the subject times in going the distance irom one home to Fred walked into the house feeling more at another he would make up sentences and then ease , and satisfied with himself for the course think thry were abrupt then flat or soft for taken.'Tom he had seeing the two talking a gentleman to utter to a lady, and when he what it might be. He arrived at the threshold, he knew not what about together thought flKi-ie- f DAirl f A litmoolf maa trio he would say. This time Mrs. Grover an L11U ' tr J m U troo la ri!nr ' l.ll niLlll liU llli43Ul be a surprise and we may have a wedding swered the door, she very pleasantly invited and that will be another, is not he a fine look- . him into the parlor, he found s her to ibe con ing chap; master will be proud of him for a versant on many subiects and topics of tbe and he comes around and is so day, he admired her view3 and ideas with re .willing to help, he knows just how to get gard to the education of children, she said through this ..life easy and . 'that is by making "they,..CQuldJiot be too:. young to inakegood friends by helping every - body." Fred had "imprisiolisoji theirmmds and this should be worked, himself into the1 good graces of the tioue before evil impressions were T made, for household. The steward and cook were often evil one3 would be like rank weeds sown in. a heard speaking of his good qualities, unknown garden, when the good seed was sown last, make-himseto himself he wa3 unassuming and would the weeds woum come up nrst ana ovrrruu useful wherever he went. This was the plants. Lay a foundation she said that natural to his nature, to lighten other's buideu3 would do to build upon, also teach them re he would lend a helping hand under all cirligidus sentiments, that they must be thank cumstances. Tom would remark toMamie "if ful to their Heavenly Jbather tor the preserva Hpsa nrpfa o linsKirl shfi will a servant." nnd tion ot their, lives, their existence , here on this" 'was true, as time told'Fredtdid'iioriee--mucearth, teaeh them of aliAbeyoodtliis'that -of Harry as he was more common-placthey were created for a he of usefulness, to be Jhjm his genteel friend, he would seek Luce in good, generous and-- kind to others this will the cook's ro6m w'oFih"1hXH jugn;tbeOTirappy sad &t$Bt4s4 m th Uiti r their hearts and would be engaged at the work always busy em- lot, keep inndeiityrnout-- )f lead doubt and 1 he young men made minds, infidelity plQyed helping Mamie. short visits, they, did not wish to be tedious better lite." nor hinder the girl3 from their work, but as "There are many precious souls that go to -- d . ak-to V son-inda- -- 1 A A a mJ LI J , V. 1. .71 I I 1 I " i -- - ld-spe- . r-- --, . , nt e, the-Minist- er 1 all-importa- ph .new-featur- - - nessjby your assent to my propo?a!r you are of the woods. my jewel , forever, For there I first iaw ou. Shall , we be married on Christmas day? and then Vou will "gH yourwish Tlove.pa and ma will have a son," H-sthought this would be a good time all things would be in readiness the cooking done the company invited. All was bustle . about' the mansion, things lively enough, a Christmas "dinner aud a -- wedding the same Mr. day. was a Grovrrzwent-J- o for the occa- get slrin'jdl wore hnsv dfiinc their narf. Tntn hnr j brought the tree Ami sure enough it was a and a lame one, be had it nicely-trimnu'stand made for it. and the trirls had it covered over with a nice stone colored material' and t.ha irirla ha( tlip fvcr!rrppn! in H'TVatJ9 nml feitouns to hang the. present on, ani Tom had not forgotten his arrange men t but had it, in readings. The cooking was all done, Mamie Iiad made the cake extra nice and large, to set in the middle of the table handsomely iced overhand with, two turtle doves perched on the top and a white, wreath around it, every thing was baked in the old fashioned brick oven, Mamie said she would pet the tables the night before Christmas aud then there lies.-i- e would not be so much said she would put the flowers in the vases. Fred stepped over with his present to hang on the tree as he had been let into the secret by Tom, who said he was appointed to spirit away the tree to the parlor Christmas morning, but he kept it to himself what he wa3 going to hang on the tre:. lied thought he would go and' see his aunt and tell her about 1 to-d- w . o, -- , , M fob lf said to her as he arrived JMear aunt, I am going to be married to Miss Hcssie Grover on Chri?tmKS. as you are invited I thought you ought to know it," "I thought so," said his aunt, "that you did not go there for naught, I wish you much joy and continued happiness, I told you I should be invited to a wedding soon, I must dress up in my best to suit the - eeaiott have as.you4nay-no- t the pleasure of seeing me married again in a hurry." Perhaps I may your friend, "was his aunt's reply." Harry took every thing cool and said there was, plenty of time, but had ruin, through the neglect of their parents, not bought the present for bis darling Luce a. sue acservea handsome goia waicu, ne being properly instructed while y(ung, when their minds can be bent like the twig." "My it and if any one had earned a present he dear lady' those are my .views, I can endorse had. Harry was very observing and a good them all, .am pleaded tJiaye the oppurtunity judge of human nature. He saw that Lucia mrdp. Hiinriflr'f'S for others anmfart nd hnnni- of listening to such sound sense and reasonoften. "If I ing and hope I may profit by your words' ness he would think to himself She excused herself and called in her daughter were really worthy of her, I would marry and Hcssie, as she had been told by her husband settle down." He knew she thought a great that he wished to marry her. ThH met their deal of him, if she showed a perference to any "was to her Harry as she would someapproval, Fred" wished her to get her things one it for a walk, as the sun shone, the day was more times call him. But they were quiet lovers know how much they did pleasant than usual he took her arm and and people eachnot other. But she probably,. drew along in thought of be her mother not marry very like silence together down the walk, finally he would broke it by' asking Hefsie if she remembered' "young7but she'was"Batiffie"if Mie "could "see that she expressed a wish when she and her hirn and be in his society. Mrs Grover would sister broke the sticks on their ramble iu the frequently go into the kitchen to see how woods. She blushed deeply as it came to things were progressing, but she had but little as the cook, loin, and the girls had mind what she wiahed for, and wondered how every thing in ample order, Tom was on "his he should know Vo much about that "event. he would hurry up, his work. . "We tw0 were .ihere, but did. not like to. in. tip toe to trude ourselves upon your solitude I thuk and come to the kitchen door and say, "Mamie to your sister." "Let want pome water, out ot wood, want any thing your words were these, us wish, for a brother on Christmas." "Here call iner (look over to the table) isn't that I am Hessie I offer myself for a Christmas nice." He always had wood sawed and split in the wood, shed, so he could present to be a son, and a rother, and your and piled up most devoted husband. Say ye dear' ?o soon bring an armfuil .to the kitchen and would say, 'I am going to have a finger in Sudden was this announced that she could not i3 sneak, her tongue was too thick to utter a the pie." ..".'Dear Hess said Lueeto night Christmas eve and we must hang up our word but her eyes and silence told her secret, she loved him, she could not help it, he was stockings, (thi was the custom before tr m her ideal in goodness, and he thought with-out- a came in vogue,) we can hang them on the faulty perfect,, gentleman in actions and Christmas tree Luce, and we "may get them"manners. "You Hessie have sealed my happi- - filled with stones. Well I shant mind if I ge A - -- e -- ; , thev not beinor much acquainted they liked to call at the mansion. The gentlemen returned to their boarding felt-loneso- house, they met, Miss Stanley at the door. L a i I. nrs film wm wi rl ituat uuo muuusicU at mule naoti a.r wau-owutoe larm house, where she was invited to dine 1 m at Christmas. o fn 1 "Well boys" she said, "you seem to be often out and I notice you direct your course one certain way, I expect to be invited to a wedding before long." Feeling a little jocular. "So do AifttFred replied'will it VX VCvJ mo ff th J i KjLlVs . UlU I dear bw, to Mr. UUU vWl J Smith? 1U jested about him, a3 he had called a few times of late, but did not meet with much encouragement from the maiden aunt. The young men were goon closeted together in their .room." We must buy some presents for, this Christmas occasion, Harry what will you get to hang on- the tree? "Oh, a doll of course, for a bit of fun I suppose, what. will yours be Fred? "Oh, a wedding ring" Heigh-h- o is that your intention?" get her consent." "You are very hasty in your make up I have not thought of such a thing, but I may, after the holidays." This was like Harry, he took things more moderate 'than Fred, he was none the"les3 in love for that trait, in his character. But would not put "his plans in execution as quick as Fred and he was : somewhat younger too than he, and did not see the necessity of settling down so - 1'-Y- if-Xc- es, As it was getting late they retired to their bed3 to dream "of love and the coming hrist mas; sleeping is sweet and balmy to th soon. 4o-4aun- . . ! is,-theywalked gh iH-e-d a-i- . k 3t, . 