WOMAN'S 1?8 victory, she decended the rirer in a bark canoe to tho English settlements. Her daring deed has filled all the world with wonder and admiration. Let me only ask--.- What mau has ever performed a more heroic act the that of Hannah .Duston? We must not forget the mother of our great president George Washington. 'Twas she who trained her son in noble simplicity and was best' pleased when she saw him good Tather than great. A famous European, after gazing on her for a few moments - said; ' 'If such are the women of America it is no wonder: the sons are so illustrious. - Her handsome monument bears only the simple words, "Mary tho mother of Washington." Now let us briefly present the women of the Revolution. Elizabeth Martin,' who with the said to her seven brave sons spirit of a Spartan : who were about to depart lortne battle-neld- . 'Go1 my brave sons. Fight for your country. Fight till death if you must, but never let your country De dishonored, were 1 a mam: 1 would go with you." Anna Warner, Grace Martin and Major Molly who, when her husband was killed took his place at the cannon arid remained until the loud hurrahs of freedom burst on the air. The had survived even the separation of the head from the bodv. What mind can wo find that greater, tlian hers? - What man has ever performed a more courageous act than Charlotte wa3 England with its marvelous historic and classic treasures owes much to its women. We will mention but two to day. First, the good queen Victoria. She. who has ruled 'for over half a century and has had a more peace- ,fu!rreign than'any preceding monarch. She has shown more wisdom and intelligence - in ' governing her people than any man whoever held the sceptre 1 1 istory al40 tells " us " that England owes much" of its present prosperity, to Queen Elizabeth, whose mind was equal if not superior to any of the'English rulers ; Spain next presents itself to our view. Of course we at once think of Isabella. Yes; and ""had it not "been for thi excellent "woman, 'Columbus might never have discovered" America. JEIc had asked .assistance at almost every court in the land but had been refused by all of them. Almost ready to' give up in despair, he went to Isabella who possessing a, rarer and more intelligent mind, stepped fohand tothq- rward and exlended great man to whom we owe so much. But it is reserved for America to show to the world the rarest excellence of woman in the exercise of the largest" and truest liberty : the world has ever known. ' ' Those brave old ; pioneer women, Widow Storey for iustance. "After her husband had been killed, she undertook the task of clearing a farm on which she might rear: and support And this bold -- her ten fatherless children' resolution ehe carried out to the letter, in spite of every difficulty, hardship, and danger which for years constantly beset her in her solitary location' in the woods. ;I Acre after acre of the dense and dark forest melted away before the axe, which she handled with the dexterity Of the most experieuced chopper." She used the ri supported her hardy brood of children, protecting them from the. Indians and wild beasts : : of the New England forest. - i . : , ping ' - ,:: ; "Read the fresh annals of our land the, gathering; dust of time ; Nor yet has fallen on the scroll to dim the tale sublime; There woman'sglory proudly shines, for willingly she gate :IIer costliest jewels to uphold ihe generou&and the brave, Who fought her country's battle well and oft she periled I : , To save a brother, father, friend, strife, , ' ; . J In those rdarlryears ' ot ' , man hath wrought; whatever he, Whatever strong-arme- d ' ' ' ' ' ' . hath won, '. That goal hath woman also reached that action she hath " - J- done."- - - - Ella F. Smuti.i r r . : UMMXl) -- ON SALE ; b . J PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH -- . Jt,Riaidih aL3WijenjtMriIgim&fit landed.. presidenhamJtnade their. husband, AT-- TICKET SOFFICE, UNION " Main Street, Salt-Lak- J. - ' e City. . ' V. PARKER, . ;Asst. Genl. Pass, Agt. whafe- - . ;.:.'.rV." ' .equalled man's.,, Hundreds of names of illustrious, women could- be mentioned who fought for our freedom and whose bravery and valor entitle them to honorable remembrance. Their names should stand side by side with those who signed the Declaration of Independence,? and pledged to the cause of liberty, "their lives their fortunes , and their sacred honor. Who can deny that the wives of the presi dents . have done more for intellectual and moral advancment than the presidents them selves. , The wives of our greatest senators and -- ; . K In hammock, fort, and glen; To load the sure old rifle, , To run the leaden ball, To watch a battling husbands's place, And fill it, should be fall:1 ;' - if ,tirae would -.;' v.permit., lir As lecturers, reformers, preachers, ducatar$, physiciansp readers," actori and .singcra, as printers, lawyers, inventors, journal istsin fact in every vocation oVife jWoman'a mindhas poet has truly said. 'Troud were they by such to stand, "'- -- them., '- ; - of ecores ' . " a-hel- mention ? - Corday? EXPONENT i they are. Women have ever been the leaders at Plymouth Bock a beautiful young maiden of society and on them depends what our social on the snow-claMay Chilton, was the firstto step ' rocks of the New World. :Twas in7 the TX)smonls:""::::r the women in the Civil War were a noble lajflower'- thatlS faithful wives sailed from their own jxautiful homers to tbe.one inhabited: band. Many heroic deeds were done and many lives sacrificed for -- d : - only by the wily and vengeful savagel" On the un floored hut, she who bad been nurtured amid .the rich carpets andcuriainaof. the mothers-lan- rocked her babe and complained not. Pounded the coarse Indian corn for her children's bread, and bade them ask God's blessing ro they took their scanty portions. When thesnows sifted through the miserable roofs and fell upon her little ones, she gathered them closer to her bosom; taught them the Bible and the Holy Hymns, though the whoop of ..the savage rang : throu fused new life into her fausbandfhy:.h'erlrmrj;' ness and solaced his weary hours with her love. ' - While the Nation honors the; Pilgrim Fathers let it not fail to give due reverence to the memory of the Pilgrim Mothers. May the pages of history blaze with the glory of their "Tz;.!--:",.,:,- spoUessfamer n Who has iiot heard of Hannah BustonF When she and her babe were taken captive by the Indians asd marched away from her friends and family, her heart agonized by her approaching fate, yet she was brave and determined and planned her eecape.rShe watched until the Indian braves had fallen asleap, then, with her nurse, she stole with her to ma-- , hawk and striking vigorously and fleetlysoon 10 put of the 12 sleeping braves lay dead before her and another mortally wounded. Then taking the seal p3 as trophies of her r - -- r-- lj ; 5 the government of liberty ana law. 26, 28, 30 and32 East 1st SoutIiSt.: "Whispered low the dying soldier pressed her hand and SALT LAKE CITY, 7 faintly smiled; Was that pitying face his mother's? did she watch beside ' ' her child? All his stranger , words with meaning her woman's heart t -i supplied, vviincer wss upon his lornead "Mother murmured he and died' ;' The Leading Retail :- Women as philanthropists hay! surpassed men instanco ia related:"OfBorotfaea"Iir J)ix:whowa3 called "the prisoner's friend.,xOn one occasion this lady was cautioned not to approach a raving maniac He yelled frightfully day and night and was so violent that it was supposed lie would murder any one who ventured withipjs with the Bible and read in a low, sweet tone to him, he paused, his shouts gradually subsided and when she ceased her uttered, "Read me some more, it does me good, Lady, God sent you." Some one making a slight noise attracted his attention, and he exclaimed "Hush! hush! Aere He m!' What mind of man as Wr had more power over the insane than the one posessefry this gentle woman. 7 The. literarjr" women have been equal and many have surpassed men. Her works have been written with a more attractive inspired 10 poems can surpass those of our own ,pe.a., Eliza R. Snow faith, We. might -- aDpiA - Oasli Special to the Ladies. AT. TEASDEL'S Will be found latest ; -- tiro : stylas and piodnctlons ' in-- .:' EMBRODERIE, " . ; LACES, RUCHES, FANS, GLOVES,' 'PARASOLS, - RIBBONS, COLLARS,-TIE- S And an elegant assortmenf 0 T)3&1T , ' GOO'DSi . Special derailment fnr TjirHASlMfssfis' and In fant's Shoes. - , U2, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Sirul -. - 