174 WOMAN'S , EXPONENT, are afar off, warning them of dangers and calami-lie- s DAUGHTERS, OF ISRAEL. and exhorting them .to be upon the watch Every living soul should have constantly before Jower and f o prepare (opjj WjpDk$WWZ,Q,L ifi.vv.'. ITsbme aim, some object me L,Qia. Editor. EMM RUSE B. WELLS, able,' and that is calculated to stimulate the energies and arouse the ambition and aspirations SEVENTY-SEVE-N. Published la Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: that man is capable of exercising. gno copy on year, fl.OO; oca copy six xooiitbs, Mcts. No Latent powers are but dead or hidden energies, reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, On Friday April nth a party of ladies met by extra for postage one year, 25 cts. They must be started into life by the presentation of the MrsrAnnie residence at invitation lines special ten of Each rates: nonpareil square,, Advertising shall seem both pleasure- E. Hyde to celebrate the anniversary of the of considerations that space, one time, 2.50; per month, J3.00. A liberal discount able "and" desirable, something that has r an U f '. to regular a4Tertlsert. birthday of the lady's mother Mrs. Jane of-it- s most xfOMift7onleer No. fE.7utliiTempfCStreet,ecnd' affinity with the Taylor, widow of the late President John Taylor;" zealous determinations.' gate east of Peaeret JSews Office. -- Basinega hours from 15 Something that sh alU be 'reacheU MHrTIor'has tbeadvancedage"of to 5 Sundayexcept day, a sure guide, a permanent landmark, or Ilka the of those have and 'seventy-seve- n years, many Address all business communications to ; how-- , " ". J been spent in the service of the Church. The ; buoy made fast in the channel of the deep; PUBLISHER WOMAN'8 EXPONENT, . ever rough may be the waves of the tempestuous Salt Lake Crrr. Utah. i afternoon was passed in congratulations to the ; - honored waters, is a sure guide to Jheport:or haven de--. - greetings, - relating of lady, exchanges as - f Entered at the Foit Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, sired. of events in the and ' discussing past experiences, Second dat$ Matter. The haven of rest to man is beyond; it is Only lfthe day in which we live." the. waves and billows oL a A bounteous repast was served, the table being " reached after riding 1890. Lake Salt City, Atril.15, tempestuous life a life of tna's, often of extreme - handsomely decorated with flawers etc., and Jhe. sorrow, lie needs a Deacon iignt to nis patn tnat ladies were waited upon by Mrs. Hyde herself AFTER SIXTY YEARS. shall be an anchor to his hopes, a dispeller of his and her two interesting daughters. Afterwards fears. Hopes' may bud and bloom while here a soft of parlor meeting was held Mrs. Presendia but the fruit will only ripen in the hereafter. The General Conference of the Church which L. Kimball the eldest lady present bing chosen This is a preparatory state, a day of probation convened on Ihe 6th of April 1890, was the to preside; (the lady is in her 80th year). After in which tomake ready for bur appearance in the sixtieth Annual Conference and marks an event- -- singing an earnest prayer was offered by Mrs. next or future state. This fact is so universally Zina D. H, Young, and each one of the sisters ful period in the age of the Church, three score, accepted by the almost entire race of man that it six decades. There are probably only a very few present, beginning with Sister Presendia, exneeds no argument in, proof. The very savages pressed themselves in a few fitting words con people now living whd were baptized into this of our race look forward with delight to the bliss . Church or who even knew of its origin in the year gratulatory to Sister Taylor and their good deq the happy hunting grounds to be their portion sires and efforts to assist in the Latter-da- y work, 1830. The writer does not even know of one now in the hereafter. living though in all probability there may be some. and promote union; after a good season of rejoicFor a familiar illustration let us say it is like a It is a long time to look back upon and "a mar- ing spent in this way, with many allusions to dressing room where we are to go through all the velous work and a wonder" has been performed those sisters who had passed away, special menformula of preparing for a suitable appearance during this period of the history of the world. tion being made of Sisters Marinda Hyde,Sarepta in society whether it be for the gaiety of the ball Saints perfectly understand that Hey wood, Eliza R.Snowj Phebe Woodruff, Vilate The Latter-dathe most stupendous part of the work remains yet Kimball and Mother Whitney, Sister Mary Ann" roomor the more retired enjoyment of the society of familiar friends. The preparation of. the dressto be "performed. The foundation stones have Hyde exercised the gift, of tongues, and Sister ing room includes all of personal cleanliness; fit been laid by those great men who have passed Zina interpreted. A happy feeling was manifested by all, and the meeting was dismissed with - and elegance of altire,indeed every thing that shall away; only a few of those associated with Joseph make more attractive the person who desires to the Prophet yet live; One very remarkable man singing and a benediction by Sister B. W. Smith. a be recognized as one of- - taste and -- culture, with who was connected with this workrat a very early Such reunions are both pleasant and profitable that refinement which makes the presence of one period, WUford vyoodruii lor several years rresi- - spiritually; all feft to wish bister Taylor many dent of the Quornra of the Twelve Apostles, and happy, returns of the day with health and pros- - desirable and pleasing to another of like ex. i cellence and culture. now the President of the Church, whose ac perity as long as life should be 'desirable. Sister Adornments of various kinds, both costly and quaintance with Joseph Smith probably dates Taylor received many little gifts and remem- -- unique are sought after for. such occasions,, and if - farther back than that of any other man now liv from be r family and friends.-- -we do not possess them we will oftrtimes forego : : ing. the desired pleasure, rather than appear in an unThis wonderful work is progressing riotwith-- , EDITORIAL NOTE. becoming manner. All this is considered essential standing ail the opposition, and persecution Miss Flora E. Finlayson of the "Bostonians" to the gaiety of the circle, and the brilliancy of brought to bear against it, the Church has inthe apartments where the guests are invited to creased in numbers and in prosperity, flourished who recently performed in the Opera here was and grown strong. studying at the New England Conservatory durparticipate in the favors of Royalty. We recognize the greatest propriety in all this, During the Conference held this month which ing the time Prof. Evan Stephens was there and Miss also Daisie D. Woods. While she was here as being entirely suited to our personal conduct . lasted three days many thousands of people were in regular attendance, morning and afternoon, and in the City Prof. Stephens and Miss Woods arnow as social beings, and we are led to ask: when will it be less so? ; ranged to have a sort of impromptu recital for her .. '. thrilling discourses were delivered by the Wilford Woodruff and Pres. Geo. in ibe large Tabernacle Thursday Apr, 3, and' This being the day of our probation in which to in let voice her try her that large building. prepare for a glorious future, for admission into Q. Cannon, of the First Presidency and by who is Prof. Radcliffe the presence of Celestial beings who are basking always extremely obliging ApostleLorenzo Snow. President of the Quorum consented also toplay a few pieces and Prof. in all the splendor of a Celestial Kingdom, and of the- Twelve, also Apostle F. D. Richards Church Historian, and nearly every member of Stephens played Miss Finlayson's accompanithe purity of a Divine Presence; we may well inon ment the and she the entire Quorum. Other Eiders were also organ, sang those simple quire if we are putting on these garments of called upon to speak from time to time and the ballads "Annie Laurie," and "Love's Old Sweet Praise that will make ouf sdciety th'ere "as agreein a unaffected most one of was Conference throughout great import. Song," style and excellent able as we strive fo make it here. as do. It certainly cannot be said "after such an assemShe has a rich voice, great singers always There must be no stain upon pur garments voice is contralto and one of all 4Mor the of "soloists from the that of the there.. Purity demands that they be while and quarters, bling people Bostonians. She is very handsome and graceful .monism" js dying out, or. the faith. of the. ..people, spotless. There . ,lhe spiritual is revealed and a and the cold. in there was On figure genteel manner. She very pleasing contrary positive waxing comprehended. The spirit there must be clean is a Western from is Zion that and all furnished Nevada the and girl from sin, free from guilt, free from all that corat the Reno, growing, proof N. E. Conservatory in Boston was known as rupts: from all immoral taint or efforts of its enemies are fruitless. Nothing can impurity; reRadcliffe "Nevada." for it is Prof. man's not its neither rendered some work, choice deemed from all that would be a reproach to the progress stay can man overthrow it. It is the little stone cut selections from Baptiste in his very best style, immortal throng into whose presence we. hope to it is and well known here what that is. He has out of the mountain without hands, and it will be ushered when bidden to the marriage supper friends made since his residence in Salt roll forth and fill the whole earth and no power many of the Lamb; when none will be permitted to re-- . Lake Miss can hinder it. So after sixty years we find this City. Finlayson paid one or two visits, main who have not on a "suitable wedding garoffice to this and sang several of her best songs ment. magnificent structure healthy, strong and vigorous in all the parts and branches thereof, spreading in the parlor of the Woman's Exponent. She is To enter into and enjoy the Celestial presence itself afar among the nations, on the continents rather new. In opera but she is sure to win name we must exchange this ranrtal for the irnmortal; tnHbe islands of the sea; and ther Eiders clothed -- and fame,for she is "not only aTfine singer but has this human for the divine; this temporal for the with the holy priesthood going out and proclaiming winning . ways, is modest, unassuming and also spiritual; that which is of man for that which is who beautiful those in and to sit and gald tidings accomplished. darkness, of God. t Woman's Exponent, invietterttairl Ha, semi-monthl- y, - -- ; i , : soul-and-wort- -- a-i- hy -- - a i I . . " 1 . - -- " . y . , -- - vener-able.Preside- nt 1 - 1 . f 4 . I I) 