WOMAN'S ftXt'ONENf There are, In the various cities, towns and villages throughout the Territory,many able and devoted women who earnestly labor for. the politl-- ' .cal, moral, and intellectual advancement of 'man""':Mrsrf3fary'': J. Tanner, president of the Utah County Branch, died on the 8th, of January last. In her our cause has lost an efficient officer and a faithful friend. After having exercised, the elective franchise for seventeen years,we deeply fee1 the degradation to which we have been subjected la being, deprived of .a direct voice in lhe Gov- - emment to which we are .subject, and ofbeIn; "relegated to the position of thosewhVsTfieTulider the principle of "taxation without representation." We have an institution in our Territory known as the Deseret University, which admits' male and" female students ; the management of which, 'since its 'organization, has been in the hands of a Board of Regents composed entirely of men. We have deemed it proper and right to have representation on that board and, for that purpose, will petition the Territorial Legislature, which is now In session, to give us at least two women as members of the JBoard of Regents; Experience has taught us that a woman armed with the ballot is endowed with more and commands more respectful deference and considerate men than she can ever claim under her present servile conditions. With these "Thoughts before us, we feel it incumbent upon us to renew our endeavors to secure that right of suffrage to which all women are; entitled, and. we shall .not cease to importune the powers that be, until the political shackles are stricken from womankind. v haps scorn. The time will come to these great 1 EDUCATION ,' ' statesmen when they will wish they had dealt differently, vyith of Jesus Christ cf Education is development, and its aim U the Latter-daSaint3. C2?me and, look opeii otff tofirbniousli'qtio of all the 'power s7 a"culu vatioa works with unbiased minds.! of the mind, the body, and the soul. This government wouldsnot have been left to A close adherence to these principles will make grasp the saints justly earned means, that would man complete in his sphere, a God in embryo. have done much good used in its legitimate way, Strictly speaking, education covers the whole dui ht "poor eagle had its political talons severed area of life, and is the sum total of man's existyears ago, and sent out to grasp every position of ence. Death is not .its terminus, for when we trust ia Utah, the Post Office among the first Hevond thMm v n.look thpr cc ...... eravp.' , phe" jjt j Jalons have grown and finally the Edmund's law -- throned; forming worlds andcommandiegnchaosr-- " raised the lever and "with unconstitutional frauds True education,-- then, places the sword of science smote off the eagle's head, and all restraint is in thehand of man standing on the foundation of gone. Jury's only such in name,' not one that pure religion. dare express a sentence kindly to this people can If this be true, we will not wonder at Prof. be obtained. Where is Justice? "Men are sentHuxley's saying: 'True science and true religion when enced arrested as one of the lawyers said,-- " are twin sisters, which If separated proves death-- , We would convict Jesus by our juries if He were to both." For says he, "Science prospers in the so but here," they could, pur Savior though cruci- lame ratio as it is religious; and religion flourishes fied by wicked men rose again, and as Mary and in the exact proportion, to the scientific depth Martha both were searching for Him, Jesus the and firmness of its basis." beloved son appeared to them and bade them go The educated man b not the scholar, the pugiand tell His disciples He liad risen. This was list, nor the 'good man,' but he is a well balanced spiritual and temporal, a risen Savior and mortal combination of the three. He has a healthful J women. mind in a healthy body, and is in possession of a West has said God has no pure heart. Other combinations, can not be Though telegraph to earth now," while Lawyer Baskin classified with the truly ejiuc There is one fact we must learn, and that is remarked, no man that believes in God is fit for an American citizen; these are. the kind of men that mental progress is due solely to mental labor, who would rob God of His right to rule, the just as physical development h due to exercise. :elements.Trrtt tr- Our natural abilities arepjerfected.by.i;ludy.as a j When I see such men set aside every principle plant is by growth. ' ' 7 of truth and virtue, not recognizing this people, Tbe merchant might ask when ,can I study and deliberately confiscate the rights of the gov when a.moment presents itself, erned by fraud,after confiscating Church property make hours. Read a little.then reflect much, for RAMBLING THOUGHTS. it is not what we read but what we retain, that through religious persecution set afloat by Priests and political traitors, if the American eagle had becomes of use to us. Eel-ueach have an aim To guard well all gifts and blessings a head he would close his and life and be sure. that we reach it. ears too, in eyes is the duty of the Saints. I often think are we on in state of could he look the Ask education what she has done for the hu Utah: upon things the watch-towor in the basement? there is so sound in spirit, true in integrity, brave in danger, man family, and she will answer, have I not much at the present time to look out for. We .have been made partakers of lhe good good to all men and women, throughout the whole tamed the Lightnings, and made the mighty ocean word and of the Spirit of God, each Saint being world; such areihis people. How can men think aThighway of travel and commerce? Who are our wise men, Doctors; Lawyers, Judges, States- to deceive God? Can they-ri- ot pause and con baptized and receiving a knowledge for himself , or herselfjHat the Holy Ghost bears witness that sider that - these are sacred rights that - have been men, etc. iney are my cnuaren. sacrificed- by tbi3 government'? Akr fgricrrD ere rtta t 'sli 'ha s - 0 tTe a n ajt hV"" ItbVgtltTand bfes how-sa- d"fill thev" would it be; if irar again "should "answer " will bT "traliipiDF" I in our "Savior's' daycare desolate our fair land America. To all Christian saloons, can you not see ray crowding earth, and have so much light that the Priests of and the street on is of at chain the least the sects but the corners, collecting rights marred, grand the earth say "Come let us blow out the candle of ' so you Mormons, Mormon the Lord that has been set to burn in . these, world says "How The proioundest sorrow known id rnaii is not homes are so impure? "Jusrcomend'"see,adn,f mountains," and would light the true path of or men and women who have brought upon us by the world, its malice and its be peace and happiness. jaundice. Did you ever see clubs thrown at a isvbuuuu, n i van iauj; til, uu uuii UCUitUtC HI "By their works ye shall know them," what tree with its injuries; but the sorrow we bring upon our'. poor apples? have been the words and the works of the Saints ? Our homes are erected and created with pure selves, is the heart's sorrow. Let us then, make O, all ye inhabitants of the earth cease to sin and the most of our time and spare ourselves vain re our guiding star. love God; He is so good and kind, merciful, and motives, a hereafter Love of virtue is characteristic of the Saints, grets foe wasted days for, "Of all the sad word long suffering, "therefore are we not consumed." are these 'it might and purer, of tongue or pen, attended The Presidents of these United States one after prosperity has have been." I do not believe any community another look gravely on, take their oaths, and brighter children has produced on earth than are born in their seats, to be just in administering the law in can or no slums of sin,no houses of infamy, this grand Republic which the Saints have ever this Church; no disposition for destroying life, look truthfully THEWORLD'S. honored and never by oaths' or any other means or cancer loathsome ulcer of a instead us; upon have sought to except a sacred --por we have beencallea Dy leaaing men, even aown tion of this reat commonwealth. We know God as the most vile; we are a living pattern of good These two go hanbTirT hand." "Civilization as has 'sent a true Prophet again to the earth, who to induscitizens, homes, loyal some of our opponents interpret it, gives leniency has left a record indelible, by staining the soil of order, loving, pure our never upon intruding neigh - it right. - But -- the -- th roughreligious-persecutio- n. trious, cleanly, freeV America rought-about is men Christ all that to again bors, proclaiming ' He Scripture says, f,Wo, unto them that put light gave good advice even to this but as a babe not a Father loving to earth, coming for dirkness and darkness for light." nation, in one instance he said ' it would be best He is the that children His legal The fathers and mothers among Latter-da- y to purchase the slaves and colonize them thus warning of the earth, kind to all who will acsovereign Saints have ever been diligent in teaching their turn back: saving life and treasure;" Him, merciful to those to whom no knowledge children to walk ia the paths of virtue, to be the wheels of .time the nation might make repairs, law has been given, to them can be no transgreshonest, not to gamble and spend their time in' but it is not possible now,and thus it will be again sion. I know the past and the faithful integrity s, for these things lead to misery and in regard to the treatment of this people. the what it since 1835and Church year of this death; and for this cause, the. men who have We work for the dead and they are benefited e presenLis Preview, the been. appointed b)r :.th'e Voice of-tpsssedhroughf-thPeople, who thereby, legally vdone according to the future" rests with our : Heavenly Fat her tcTmete are in- tne majority nave suppressed thee to those who endure it will be order of lineage and of priesthood and no one is out and accursed nuisances; Until later years, those who , hurt on the earth, but love and kindness is maniglorious. These are a few of my thoughts on this dav the have been sent here from abroad have encouraged fested for all the living and the dead. th of March one of the national days ot our these places, and now they are fully established of a Revolutionary , Let me a incline to consider one's when thoughts country and they tell us that such places have done more soldier speak to the Honorable President of the the-- position and workings of. this great Republic to win our youth over to their ungodly ways and nation and all its lawmakers in behalf of truth, in view of its momentous questions. Z. D H. Young. views than any thing else. Think you that many howwouid it be received? with indifference pe wo-""- '...... the-Churc- h "" y -- - - . . -- . self-respe- 5 ct atten-tion'fro- m ex-Go- v. for-momen- ts s God-give- n , er f - 'k01simt(p'Ttii' liof 0 off-sprin- g . cats-paw- s, , . ".. '.-(.- . the-sadde- st our-4abo- rs, be-anyth- ing ;to:wroog-d.oiBg--an4-ca- -b- iweuld - H . grog-shop- he it-bei- ng we-kn-ow -- - grand-daught- er 