TTT Exponent WOMA N'S EmtELLE: B. In Salt Lake City, Utah, Terms: zno copy ono year, Jl.OO," one copy six months, .50 eta. No redaction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year. 25 cts. Advertising rates; Kach square, ten - lines of nonpareil A liberal discount ipace, one time, THfr, per month, $3.00; to regular advertisers.' Ex ro jfENTpf3ce,. No, ; KBputh.Temr'eEtrettecond ate cast ol Deseret News Office. Eusme hours frow 10 o.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Address all business communications to" WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Published ' Editor. WELLS,' semi-monthl- - --: FALT LA K e Enteral at the Post Office "that His Excellency was prepared to deliver his message to theAsembly. at uch hour as might be; designated; four 6'dock of the same day was' decided upon. At a few minutes past four o'clock, the members of the Council were seated in the Hall of the House. The roll of each House was called and the Chaplain of the Council offered anprayer. His Excellency the Governor was Eight sons and daughters good and true Are come from near and far away To greet their honored parents dear Upon their Golden Wedding day. 7A poet rare with golden pen Could scarce your worthy deeds portray, Yet I this simple offering bring On lhis your Golden Wedding day. : A GOLDEN January 15, 1890. H. H. S. WEDDING. Editor Woman's. Exponent: . . For The Exponent. WOMAN'S PRIVILEGES. Knowing that you and the readers of your valuable. DaDer really esteem very highly the ex- A woman's journal may very properly discuss life, and rejoice in the ample of a I and advocate woman's rights, and she may lay merit won by the truly good, take the liberty of in claim to them all as legitimately hers; more than furnishing you a brief account of a notable stance of family affection, reverence and this, it may with equal propriety investigate what are termed the rights of man, as relates to the Just before the close of the past year the woman. In these she is equally interested as one golden wedding of Patriarch Rosel Hyde and his wife Mary Ann, arrived and was celebrated at of the participants. vi Man from early ages of the world's history has their home in Kaysville by the assembling of their claimed superiority, and has oftimes allowed that three sons and lour daughters with their wives claim to assume the relations of master and slave, and husbands and several esteemed and valued friends to do honor to the occasion. A more "heartfelt reverence for their great worth could to menial servitude by her lordly master. TTh have-beerivMH7at?nn nf fhp ninpfppnth rpnturv hie realized. Father and mother hardly themselves well worthy of the Hyde given her an elevation more consistent with her profound respect manifest in the feeling tributes being and calling. But still the relics of the; past of regard which welled up in the hearts of their are not altogether discarded in her favor. family. Not merely kindness but intense feeling It maybe said and truly too, that itwasthe was exhibited in the greetings, and good wishes fiat of the Creator that "he shall rule over Aer' in the relation of husband and wife, but what Is expressed. The occasion was one, the recollec tion of which will never be effaced. Here were: the object and nature ofthis rule lhis fight under parents, fifty years of whose life in the duty of God to govern and control. Rule or government from this source never immarriage as husband and wife, father and mother w,ere spread out before the intimate criticism of plies subjugation, but always equalization. The: their intelligent children, now themselves grown 'object of rule under the divine government is. to to the confines of the sere and yellow leaf, and . e arrived! maturity 01 juagment, ana yet not a powers and privileges of those by whom they are scene recalled which gave a reflection of injustice governed. The law of love, is the only rule that or a wish that it had not been. Not passive but ever gave man the right of control over any active respect and a sincere wish that the child human being. This law of love never degrades, ren's lives might be as just,asprudent and worthy, nor works any ill to another; .never will deprive as the lives of the honored parents, was the pre any one of those rights with which nature and vailing sentiment. And the following extract of nature's God have endowed them. It is the law et r an address by one of the sons was heartly en01 li ,; ie. . dorsed: in Even the relation of husband and wife, that the whieh nearest extinguishes individuality of 'And the inspiration we imbibed from your counsels good relation anv that can be formed. the woman dnps not and wise neither can she lose her entity. She is. still a con Has kept us firm thus far in life to the goal before our scious intelligent and an accountable being, pos. eyes. ' And whate'er of good and noble deeds "we've done or sessing moral judgments of right and wrong, yet which must influence her life, and will prompt her may do We-had the teachingjfas acts, for which she is as strictly held accountable you.' as is the man for hisj and her rights, even in Yon cannot yield much of your valuable, space" this relation, may not be disregarded nor be in to this item so I will not give details, but r simply e intnnged. say that the ample stores of Father Hyde furTn ih G rplo ti An min onrl rt m,. Komo nished turkeys, beef, mutton, pork &c. allof his founders of a kingdom. Ail kingdoms have a law with items all given them, and all laws have their bounds and raised and made on his own premises, and tha condrdon hot equally interested with the man in what those of Cache Valley, the extreme west of Tooele laws shall be that are to govern the domain which County and intervening parts, were royally enter has- - beenthe lostfumentn" creatine, winch tained 'and such a family reunion it U the privi- - she ' W Ml 1IUI AtJkJ mill 11C lllll 1VI1111I1 illll MVH . lege ot tew persons to attend., her. She evidently has the right to a voice in Father Hyde is son of the late Heman Hyde of the making of those laws, and who shall deprive the 1 stlWard of this City, and brother to the late uc- lici uk nidi iiguii in ana mrougnner-ar- e William Hyde of Hyde Park n Cache, Co., and of veloped the powers of, the man. Patriarch Charles W. Hyde. Mother Hydelslhe" "These principles may have aD application outside sister of the late Elvira Smith Holmes wk of the family circle. If they are facts to be regarded v, . v utqt wives or me rro pij eMoseph ; there, they may be entitled to like regard in the "wuu"w .iiiuein L.iyde 79 years- of nation. The family is the foundation of these . -- EDITORIAL NOTES. well-spe- The death of Dowager Empress Augusta of Germany the wife, of the late Emperor seems to have been quite a sad event, although her years were many. Her funeral was almost as elaborate a state affair, as that of her royal husband. The Primaries of the People's Party will be held in the several wards of the City Monday evening Jan. 20, at 7. 30 p. m. for the selection of delegates to the Convention which will be held Rooms. A very great deal depends on the PrL maries. The delegates should be carefully and wisely selected. The People's Party made a fine showing in the torch' light procession on Friday night Jan. 10, when they turned out from the several wards in full force, for a sort of general review, . The cavalry, marching, clubs, guitar and mandolin club and juveniles all in suitable dress with torch lights, parading and keeping the best of time. in regular order presented quite a magnificent appearance. The music was excellent, selections good," and the flags and banners with the brilliant lighting of "the torches and electric fight with the "beautiful snow" produced a gorgeous effect quite dazzling. Each w,ard had a banner of its own, of different design with appropriate motto, -s- ignificant of the cause of justice, equity and political rights; some of the banners were very expensive, made of costly material and all were very handsome. Everything was done in order, no carousing or disturbance of any kind. Altogether the affair was a "decided success. -- v" : -- . ,:' '; . ' - . The Utah Legislature met in the City Hall in this City on Monday Jam 13. at 2p. m. and effected an organization of both tbe Council and the House; Hon, F. S. Richards was elected President of the Council and F. J. Cannon Chief Clerk, W. L. Hallid Other officers were also elected Secretary Sells, administered the oath to the newly elected of- ncers,.ana prayer was pnerea oy .me napiain. A committee of two Hon. A. Hatch and Hori. , llenrier were appointed by the Council to wait upon the Governor and inform him that the As sembly Was organized. -- was or- ganized withilon. James Sharp Chairman, R. S, Campbell Chiet Clerkt:John Boyden lenrotrrn-Inengrossing clerk. The oath of office was administered by the Secretary, Hon. j. N. Kimball and Hon. S. R. Thurman were appointed on the part of the House to notify the. Governor that the Assembly was prepared to receive any communication be might have to make. After the transaction of some necessary business the (jnmittee that Jhad wait upoD " been-ppointtd- jhe.:-.Govwor.T- e -to ir Yours respectfully CitYTta H. in Salt Lake City, Utah, ax Lake City, . Five decades are past and gone Since you were young and blithe and gay, Then you agreed life's joys to share And chose your loyal wedding day. nounced by a member of. the Council Committee. As the Governor entered the Hall the members rose in token of respect, pres. Richards an- "nbcricZd that I lis Excellency wdtf d "now delievr to the Assembly his message... Governor Thomas then read the document, which covers the ground , for the Legislature to work upon. Sccorvl (Xm$ Matter. Salt Dedicated to. Rosel and Mary Ann Hyde ' on - . their Golden Wedding day: nt re-pe- ct. n have-proven - .1 r: " , . . ; . e 5 any-wis- . 1 own-raisif- t olhfeesary vgp " "j" - "' . . . : , - ae 