(f rf:; - y - - J, -- at I 1 0 of the CONTEXTS, Midsummer Day In. The Country. E. T. An AnsiverlTo Tlie Anicle EnlitletL A IT Q TTD jri- :cutfurar-Colte- 2 Letter From Lula. L. L. Greene Richards. In Memoriam. Willmirth East. Woman's Meet ings And Conferences. Unjust Decision. Mary Ann m. rrau. Poetry. Sundered. Ida M." Davis. Memory's Mirror. L. M. Hewlings. New Every MornE. A. ing. Susan Coolidge. A Lonely Home Crane Watson. The. Song Of The Sea. Richard E. Burton. SUNDERED. Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Drought soft summer zephyrs, with healing likebalm, Breath of sweet clover, scent of newly mown bay. LMIIEWLIXGSJ : No. 6. 1, 1890. A MIDSUMMER DAY IN THE COUNTRY. "Sec the glowing sunlight now Tint the mountain's misty brow." l-i- Hepsie felt that parting thus from her mother, after all she had suffered alone, was a test sincerity; and- she prayed fervently for strengtb,and firmness, to take this final step, that seemed to her a cross, a sacrifice, greater than any she had voluntarily mader and she was doing this herself; it appeared much harder sinc8 her mother had spoken her feelings on the subject, in fact yet an irresistible impulse led her on. When alone she ouestioued her own heart as to the motives which induced her to take, what looked to others to be, "a leap in thedark." Was it because Harold's unfaithfulness had killed out all affection, and made her cold and and distrustful, and .desirous of burying herself among those, who were not akin to her, and could have no claim upon her love, or gratitude? sometimes she felt afraid it was so; that she was selfish; and then there would come over her, a wave of singular emotions, to exalting in their nature, that she seemed wafted into.'..a e, love was swallowed up in tho great ' its Maker's to river of life, that flowed ever onward connect"Tune its first lays praise.' We must rejoice with nature but there is ing the seen with the unseen, the real with the work for all, and, by the time a farmer's wife ideal, the earthly with the eternal. At such has prepared the morning meal she is so tired, times her thoughts would take the most lofty flights, that made the present appear like a and a sweet piping voice reaches her she al most wishes the baby had slept untu alter shadowy myth,compared to the glory to bo attained by sacrifice, aud compliance with tho breakfast, but when a vision of wbitc-rotre- d which under certain influences will of fibres fill the door, wiui eyes beaming with seemed soGod, to her understanding. This plain pleasure at the thought that they have brought so in its character, and sacred was the baby, all thoughts of murmuring vanish, knowledge efeet upon and-as- 'baby itr kisses are showered unsparingly, there come3 dare to explain it to any one if she had been i ;" :to the tired motherJ.the..greatest. happiness in cl n ed , rio t eye n Jh e r m 0 ther.;;;, To Hepsie it was above and beyond all the that life has to give. 1 sun glances down upon us our education the world could give; and to which As the in the past she had aspired with so much enweariness increases, and we do not see so much ol lifa we thusiasm. No sacrifice looked too great if she beauty in nature, as in the mid-dafeel the heat and the burden, but when the could only endure it in view of the promises held long lingering afternoon passes over and we out to her in connection with the principles have had time for a little rest, we begin again she had been taught. Hepsie realized in a ajrain to enjoy living, but not with the same very small degree what sacrifice jind endurance but she was naturally hopeful and buoyant happiness of the morning, for many meant, having had some sharp trials that cut very disappointments have darkened the bright keen and close into her heartstrings, she letter; a dawning, a other naturally enough thought these lessons had 9lAieIl3 Jk .nj)Larrivedfwith-jnan- y tor higher ones. And so indeed petty, but annoying vexalions, but with a paved the way calm, almost holy feeling, akin to awe, we it proved'.:;., r thrown rraiz,eii in those and beside her there were pathway, disappointments we have drifted one day her mother, who tried to hinder her from nearer eternity. There "Sweet is summer's evening hour, were offers of this kind and that, and objec Soothing in its magic power, tions raised of various kinds, but these had no Gentle whispers seeai to say weight whatever.she had get her face Westward .Lifkis-hutsummer-day- ;and was "not to be thwarted in her purpose for And its close if spent aright and companion used One young-frien-- trifles. Tranquil" as asummer "nighf." every effort in her power to' hinder her from E. T. undertaking the journey and when. she saw Jnly' 1800, how immovablo Hepsie was, she accused her of never having truly loved JIarold, and went so far as to say,"you dare not face hi3 father IIEPHZIBAH. and mother, you are going away without seehave been told that you are goXXVII. ing them;-the- y ing, and they mean to put a stumbling block in your way, fur you are still his wife whatSad was the parting, weary was the way, ever you may think, and they are determined The Prilgriras trod, while journeying along; you shall not go; they know vepLwUiflynu Many the trials encountered day by day. ""do"HafoTd wilT never come back. What bave And yet at eve the merry dance and song, The drooping spirits cheer d and hope grew bright; you to say to them, will you be answerable for light, 13 well repaid for the effort, for it requires an effort to shake off our drowsiness on a summer's morning. It is not only the rosy gleanr that first "tints the mountain and then steals across the" valley and bursts upon U3 with a glory only surpassed by heavenly is brightness, but it all nature, from the wee innocent flocver half hidden by the'green damp gras3, to the tall towering mountains that form the background to all the scenes so dear-t- us the mountain people. All living creatures rejoice in the beauties of life, aud dull mu3t be the brain,and callous thJieartf thatjdoes iiot as Jheiarkj""""-"- " . ; celestial-atmospher- where-all-hum- an " i Sierner thn Yale iht'nevcr :n.r; ..Sadder than sorrow's bitter sigh, Sadder than exile's yearning cry, Is the message inbourne to me tonight. OT'he Jr fck nit 'b 3 tfi at "o'fi c e y 6U we reTiglilT T" .u:..: :...i...jr....... Ida M.. Davis. ' T171 "RvT IP o Swifter than bird upon the wing, Swifter than time when joy reigns kig, Softer than southern wind's caress, Softer than mother's tendernessT Sweeter than roses in red June, Sweeter than nightingale's low tune, Are, the thoughts that I speed to you today O, messenger, fly, nor my love delay, Slower than sleep to the haunted brain, Slower than dawn to night of pain, Sterner than griefth.it never weeps, A . - Calling. 'Mary TAnretsun. Notes News. National Pension Funds For Nurses. And Englishwoman's Review. R. S. And P. A. Reports. Wyoming's Day. Woman's Tribune. ohn Howard Pane. Hearth And Hall. Benefits Of Primary Associations. Ida May Smith. Editorial. -- Commencment Of : Schools.Editorial Notes. Dedicatory Exercises. Woman s v- w SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 11). ..... ....... . Y""Q - is Vol. A T "' MEMORY'S MIRROR. 'zZZZZ, - mid-da- y In the shadow of age, sad, weary and worn,'" On memories fair mirror gazing intent, ' Feeling stricken, ibriakenf friendless, alone. In the garments of mourning tattered and rent. Soon familiar footsteps are heard drawing, nigh, Some one mysteriously enters the door, And quietly seats himself down by her side, Commences to talk as in past days of yore. Of the changes of weather, times and the tide, Hopes of his manhood, great bargains he'd made, LThen. back la the days of hi love and his- - brider Thence to his boyhood, of the pranks he had played. Then there boated and sweet; . i play; And the glad welcome sound of pattering ftet, Were greeted with joy, from a long ago day. ; . Sweet red rosy lips were held up for d kiss, Soft golden curled heads, bright laughing blue eyes, Cherub faces, dimpled with smiles of pure bliss, And the touch cf soft Irrnds, with joy she'descries. "Tlieplay is over7TaTeTTclI7and"songs sung, ylad-vfrkSrfht-dTen-f- . ;LniL Quiet broods oyer busyJirains, buzzing tongues, While each clear white-robe- d child is kneeling to pray. Now the soft sweet good Bightifioat out qri the air. And earth seems heaven, transfigured by His grace, The long years roll back, with their changes and care, Time's weary worn garments, been effaced. iJTh& tenderest4ighi sifts and quivers and faUs, ' Flits all over thro flowers, and viae made screens, Oyer garden, and grasses and tree-top- s tall, Entrancing her soul in a fairy lik,e scene. The dear little cottage, the home she loved best, rHid anion gthe grasses, vines" flowers and trees, The orchards, and meadows in beauty wera drest. Sweet summer retreat for the birds and the tees, -- M emoryVM tt woTieTTharrnl" Pisso'ved the dark 'hidows, sombre 'and gray, -- irror-wrp'jgh-- f " y 7 long-expecte- d long-wishe- d frhe leav-ingNauToo"- W a d -- -- -- And when they knelt upon the ground to pray, Tfiey seemct 13 And holy angels, guarding all their way, his utter ruin? . "HeieulekijH rue t love aught ray enemies aud although I 