WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 85 . of whom have heard so much? I neve 5 having; heard him speak before." I kept listening and again and again heard the same words, you must choose, yes you must, yes you must choose etc., the same monotonous strain and while listening, I was surprised at the quietness of the whole congregation in front of the stand; no sound that indicated that any marked mention was paia io tne speaker s uigenrappcar to choose a guardian. During all this time as I stood by my husband, I could plainly see the long stretch of plank seats 'her whilo dove fluttering from her hand them, repeating in a playful manner "Let the spirit of love descend with the dove," it alighted upon the arm of Robert, conveying ''Sdr'awakcniDg in heart swift and sudden; and a glance transient a3 a meteor, and almost as bright, directed towards Blanche gave expression to his joy. And through the faintly shadowed air.one pure star trembled into sight. r ; One clear morning in the Autumn following, Robert started out with dogs and gun for a grand day's hunt, he had not been gone over., an hour when he returned in haste for hi mother to go back with him to visit some sick people who were encamped some two miles distant and who on account of sickness were unable to follow the train that had preceded them. The necessary preparation was made us Speedily- a3 possible and id a r short time a breaking up plough all day, but their appreciation of words, often happened to be ludi- Sidney wai the one speaking then saying among other things, you must choose .i guardian. I thought is this the eloquent ram Sidney Ridon to-war- crously imperfect, Fancy one of these overgrown boy 3 reading this scripture about the I rI i fX lii a ti Ixi X "r 0 rl t V Jrjf-- i 7 Iji of" T crloJt 1 1 and saw, (Lazarus) in Boston; (iu .his bosom) blunders of this kind frequently occured in the fift part of their attendance, then a suppressed' titter would run through tho school which brought reproof a3 well a3 chagrin to the reader. There were some new books n trod u ced that Winter that brought the hard work for many a young learner,--:B- ut teacher was equal to, tho occasion giving each such attention and incentive for action desire to learn and understand various subjects that and their occupants. after awhile it became a delight for even the I was much surprised at the questioning; man-- , dullest among them to study and eearch out ner of people in front of the stand the fixed attenany subject given for explanation. . Oar little tion the monotonous one never once made the Dama with the kind assistance of her teacher, Teasr response.- -: 7 t "HiadeTapid p rog rctiir her-ehiie?,h 1 hdtfgtr Jii thisLJjjuite. mat v:dcdMdlPoMnj; upJ.oniii . gu e flaastumeajrjejorei t no.5LiouniL.uiat.sac-habut made a beginning she was fully husband as we were standing just outside the aroused to the deep importance of application, crowd, I said what does this mean? He turned to me and said'It is all right." I looked up to him close and continued to a thorough understandand said, I do hope the people will not say yes! ing of her studies and with diligence prosecuted Then I observed him turn still more from the her researches after knowledge. 7 Rut I must tell you of the "Merry Christcrowd look down and smile. It then came quickly mas," time, for old Winter came on with all to my mind what Sister H. Mar Whitney has his train of frost and uow, while Dame Autumn to in some of her Interesting memory papers; that there had been meetings called to- - had quietly retired with her dresse3 of green and gold. The big boys, searched the woods getner.Dy.ine.iTophei.jo$epd.iere..onJyioose.otP t the wedk before for trees and evergreens to nis irusiea menas were acirnmea (to learn now to conduct things according to" the mind and will of decorate tho schoolroom. They, placed a fine the Heavenly Father in His Church after his spruce tree in each5 of the four corners and a large pine in front of the teacher3 desk on death) which from' all we have since learned be the platform all were elaborately trimmed with foresaw, but even his chosen friends and followers could or would not see as he wished them to, leather-flower- bjlls, colored egg shells, paper and niUs,-:et- c ' The rgih tree wa3 I ii - -- " ,M gorgeously decorated and all (were more or Some of these meetings I remember when they less) brilliantly lighted with golden colored took place but the troublous times with spies on candles while three laree ' reflector (tallow) every hand made us doubly cautious and I never on the wail back "of the gift" wercplaced .Ieven asked questions or sought to learn anything "lamps rtn rwt jtree a iortn eiieet. Xtie Jong uazznog giving but what was readily communicated although" narrow tables were temptingly laden with cood knowing many thmiis notnecessaril v speken of in - - thrajrs enough for all, and to satifv the those days, voracious appetites 01 even growing boys. But the presentation of -- gifts bSanta Claus" wai first looking down still smiling then look up to too funny for anything! I couldn't beirin to de- :i the stand as if expecting something which of genoe :i eo 1 must. leave it. ior 11 your imaginacourse we all did, the return of the Elders, return tion to supply the deficiency. Robert, however of those who had been sent for, when in the midst was the master of ceremonies. To commence of this painful suspense, I saw some one spring with, had a- - tame' bear presented upon the stand; with bated breath I saw the tall her from one of her big boy pupil. There were trained dogs, tame figure rise with great dignitjyand begin to address squirreh, rabbits, T t the reoole. for fowls , Alitlle mompnt and khten?, guinea-prgi" guinea white uvuiiiuu several kinds mice, birds of lue rtviuuu ui uiduuc supover me person; but among the curiou3 of until some minutes I could not think who the perother variety things. Dama wa3 the reson was like but after a little, and other persons cipient of a beautiful white dove the gift of observing some change, I felt I knew not what; Master Henry Hinsdale. The teacher was well supplied with gifts the black but I felt also that Brigham was somehow bear, how- -was changed talleflnore porniisoTcY alsofiEen given over to the care and keeping of Master when some friends later on named the Prophet,, I Henry to his exmejoxanO saUifac?- liUU. 1 LXilllK U9 Tiff. TTinQf tirioH hw saxrhiira1tt!aasTpihed that. surely the' mantle I was the one from Kobert (whose esteem had of Joseph had fallen upon the shoulders of the been daily increasincr) for it showed his a.mrn- chosen head of the Church. V cialion of her love of mental culture; Robert This was a sorrowful time, like the sealon'vlfe'h was not forgotten, norneither his the Savior Was gone,and had left as the dlscTpTes good mother, ail yent home satisfied feeling that they had, hadit jolly-happ- y ircduid timermany wishing witassu wiiu 10 prepare last forever. them for these eventful times, Daik and gloomy But nothipg lasts forever herel School but these people had no time to weep anXmourq las closed for the Hummer vacation. Miss Rlanche as :the disciples at Jerusalem But indeed ihev received an unanimous call to "teach another would had they followed their natural instincts. year which she readily accepted, she had a G Richards ; comfortable pleasant home at "Albv Lode " and was not required to walk to" and f?om AUNT LU'S STOHVT " 7 7 Echoolin bad weather, Robert was ever dcf. erentiai and respectful towards Blanche. Yet But t was not aieiIsmaofuaiUp- - droin hn easy. manner shr kne w fronTtHFfsT there wero many tluogs to contend with which that he was heart free, Robert however made you young folks wouldjnot fully understand the discovery before the "Merry Christmas" in these modern times, during the Winter fes-o- n time that therewas certainly much congeniality several large boys were added. Between them Capital One evening the latter wan unernng stroke upon a log or part of Summer, as tree, hold they were returning from a walk Dama sent Gather, new-foun- ; J -- d -- a Jr. m mauyweresuiferbg-frQm.chill3.andfeYer,and- -- -- -- . 1 1 -- v 1 1 the-teach- , er far-awa- ft e-v- lilot . .' ... waryJxAjrekri; -. grief-stricke- n s, ,,- e to Mrs. Alby's surprise and grief she found among these emigrant pilgrims one whom she had known and loved a3 a sister in former years, and now of the same faith embraced by herself, one alio, whom Blanche had visited on her journey and in whom, and her family of young people, she had been greatly interested. Everything that spmpathizing hearts and willing hands could do was done for, the suf ferers. But who can protray the inexpressibly sorrowful scene of a mother dying in a wagon bed by the roadside, surrounded by her weep n children? she who had ea ing dured everything for them these children of her love and hope, she must now leave; to turn away from her grave among strangers.oryAcmei indeed to go forth into untried scenes of life, neglected, forlorn, desolate, nevermore to know a mother's love and tender protecting care. A tongue oi eloquence ana ine most Diiuuni pen would not be able to recount all the deeds . of loving kindness, and of sweet patient charity this dying mother had performed, and not from the hiugeless dporstjpjdjgemuat sheHeater the dark valley but hewn down by the cruelty of a merciless foe in tho early even'T tide of life's journey. And now the wailing cry goes out, in agonizing grief from bleeding wounded nearts that echo s back through the y Eastern hills .into other hearts, to smourn and bewail the sorrowful scene of a dearly beloved mother's death by the wayside. 7 - pOp-cor- r4 a4mmistering-to.lh- they-w- e e-- re-refer- . d " d 9 ds 0, the anguish of that terrible bereavment -- I verily we need a Baptism from on high to endure the thought of it3 crucifying agony, or partake of its bitter asphaltum draught, This is a sorrowful part of my story and I fain would pass it over, but it is necessary that you should-know som trial, this people were made to pas3 through. Thh noble loving mother and her children,, with score of others were turned out from their 'house?yby a ruthless mob, in a pitiless storm of rain exposed for days upon the. river bank, could be procured or sent back to take them away) obliged to lie upon bedi soaked through with tho rain etorms,blanket?f quilt?, all their clothing completely saturated. Many contracted diseases from w could never recover, though they might linger ; for years in weakness and pain, and this sainted mother, who forgot self, in striving to protect her children from destruction as . well. a3 from exposure to the pitiless rain-stor:IM,auVictiffl of a murderous mob. , AH lu ia oar 0X711 fair land, (Free land, aa it 11 called) in sight of, and under tho flag of American Liberty which must have appeared like a hollow mockerv to the Door fumtive?. it had hitherto afforded them no protection or lhjliecagaiiisUhiavadtrS"of-their- t i3 las 