WOMAN'S 41 . AVeber.Stakewill' be.be Thuursday the . 11 of September.' It is hoped there will be a good attendance from all parts of bethetounty and all those interested in these nevolent organizations are cordially invited lobe present and participate in the preceedings. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society Published in SaltLake City, Utah. Terms: gne copy one year, 51.00; one copy six months, LOcts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising fates: Kacli square, ten lines of nonpareil spaceone time, J2.50; per mouth, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. JIxroXKNT offico, No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsecond jato task ui Atscrvv ie ws uiucc. uanuL-a- uwaunui i' to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to TUBLISIIER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt La kk City. Utah. semi-monthl- , will be held in MayfieldrFriday and Saturday Sept. 19 and 20, 1890. Meeting commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. ra. It is hoped therewiILbea good attendance from all parts-o- f- s the countrv. The Presidency of the btaKe, j Bishops and brethren are cordially invited to at : Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Becoiul Qast Matter. September 1890. i, tire r intf n n C ti iiiU UOil iCo G. Bywa'er; Song, Mr. R. C, Easton; vAJK----v- George Brief Addresses by the trustees of' the College and by Citizens; Duet, Mr. R. C. Easton and Mr. W. S. Lamoreaux; Benediciion, Rev. E. W. Greene. - m .1 rrrinilfnf il r"rt!'n, f.TTl "LoganTlJtaTvivTll open for students on' September 2nd. Th tend. for the opening of schools, Academies, Colleges and Universities, one is apt to think more upon thfs important subject, the education of the child r. - 7 - -ren. We have received, and we acknowledge the same with thanks, the .Annual of the University of Deseret for io9Xr13X? arejsoirythat our - limited space prohibits us jusLnow-fromaking ,an.extend'ed notice of this Territorial institution. We notice among the Faculty and Eoard of Instructors some names we are not familiar with but presume they will have the interest of the advancement of the higher education of of Utah at heart. Young men have gone put from this University in the past well qualified for any practical work they might wish to undertake in the great world of science and skill. With the superior advantages and facilities the Univer- srty"!3-rr0wought to be con great progress espondihg with the rapid strides now being made jn this enlightened, The University of Deseret 'will open on Monday September 1, 189.0, Dr. J. R. m . the-yo- We acknowledge with many thanks lhe receipt of a very polite invitation to attend the dedicatory services of the Agricultural College just about to dedieatediri Logarirhe pfc- gramme of exercises is very impressive and it is greatly to be hoped that the training of the child ren in future years will be as' satisfactory as our most sanguine hopes and desires could antici pate. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake will convene in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms Thursday Sept. 11. The ' Presidency of the Stake Bishops and others are respectfully invited to attend. .Meetings will commence at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m The Y. L, M. I, A. conference will be held in the Salt Lake As sembly Hall, Friday Sept. 12, and the Primary Associations Saturday Sept. 11. A full attend ance from all parts of the country is most de rarK, rnncipai. Z' ZZZ..-.- ryr Z The Latter Day Saints College, the Central Normal College in this city, in which we as a people are deeply and directly interested will trzr c nnn- if a fifth A mi t- a w vuiuc V7n ui oepiero- ini uvuvimwjva ler 1890. The Board of Education and the - a . Faculty of the college are the same that have been published in our columns before, and-a- re able exponents of the subjectsJei'JeacJThis atuuui suuuiu surpass any other because of the aflvantio-p. c , It- (Ikv,1b - f- ,U4 r. ". i';it3rr"" ICngiuus cultivation training and discipline, which is the highest spiritual anduoiarai.xplkiw with progressive intelligence and "wisdom. Similar schools or colleges and academies have wvcc J ituu me Latter-daSaints are supporting them with means and their patronage; while at the same time pay-Ing regularly towards the maintenance of lh district schools throughout the Territory which y Mormon people believe practically in giving their icsemauoa 10 me hosehe-emehrcwtlirilTe- Tr eyesopenand nut blinded by prejudice know that this ' is the case. "; - Judge Carlton's article will open the under-standin- g of fair minded people on some of the vexed questions about Mormonism. The gentle man was a member of the Utah Commission and lived here for some years, and he whereof he speaks. ' ,.--- ........I-7:.:....------ It has modern equipments and specialists in its several fields of instruction. . Its means of instruction include United States its work of research in Experiment Station-an. Agriculture; a line farm including horticultural grounds equipped with modern appliances. A cooking, dairy, cutting and sewing department, workshops Jn wood and iron, a new lihrarv! -museum s "a n d 6 ih e r "m e a n s of illustration. Students will be kept in constant contact With illustrations of school room teachings throughout its four years courses. d " . . I .u.imiuiii) semi-annu- J. There will be a convention of the Utah Woman Suffrage Association held in this City, early in October, and it is expected that each Association will send a report previous tohaJJimeJhei General President, or Secretary so that there will be a perfect understanding of what has been done in the interest of suffrage in this Territory. It is hoped there will be no delay in forwarding these reports direct to Mrs. S. M. Kimball, President. W. S. A. of Utah, No. 74 Cor. First South and First West Sts. or to Miss Rachel Edwards, Secretary No. 29 N. Wesl'JTemple Street. DEDICATORY EXERCISES OF THE Agricultural College of Utah. The Agricultural College of Utah will be open for the reception of Students on Tuesda-Seo- J t J i 2d. un bept. 4th, at io a. m., it will be dedicated to the Higher Education. Industrial Education - -- as- --- Wr. - Th. . Saxp.orn, President.' al ference. In order to do this Stake reports-shoulbe in as early as the middle of September. Ad: dress them t6 Dr7R6mTnia B. Pratt, Cor. Second North and Ffrst WestSts., Salt Lake City, Utah. uuu Z Address, d - ZZ for further particulars, will be a prominent feature of its wnrl-- ctraryphsjaMm . irnnrepe The Secretary of the Relief Society of each Stake of Zion is hereby respectfully and earnestly solicited, to prepare and forward a report at as early a date as possible, in order that a full and complete annual report may be in readi- - w ". ; sirable. uth nine-Veehthrceniu- 1 appro-pnation- . Utah is not behind in the matter of good institutions of learning. As the time comes round A It is a Territorial Institution founded upon a United States land grant and by Territoral s, for the purpose of giving the young men and women of Utah a liberal and practical education in the several pursuits and profession - TT rK rt Kf. T v"'13 wuic5- iii vgnemture,L70mesiic Ecoriom)', Mechanic Arts and Mechanical engineering, Civil Engineering and other special i COMMENCEMENT OF SCHOOLS. 1 ofSanpeteStake - Lake City, : The Relief Society Quarterly Conference of EMM&UMi fk WELLS? Salt Agriculture' Bishop William B. Preston; Song, Mrs. R. W: Sloan ; .Address, ."The Higher Edu cation of Women," Mrs.'S. W. Eddy; "Educa- - EDITORIAL NOTES. Woman's Exponent. . EXPONENT, " . . ; ' " Smithfield; Cache Co., " :" Dear Aunt Em: Since the first week in June last, when I came to, and in this place for the summer, many things have occurred here which would be of interest to you. Had I been at liberty to write, whenever "the spirit moved" me to do zo. you would have heard from me several times ere this. But it was generally Monday, (such a busy day,) or Saturday (the next, perhaps, in importance,) when I would be impressed to take up my pen just the time when I could not. ' .whicli.dayr-oll-tbe-sfrnolasv!- one for the mother of a young family whose heart is in the work of rearing them to God's service?- efHttroiessea-tabba!- h peaceful, restful influences which belong to it and make it ever jvelcomeeve holy, is so taken up with interesting and instructing the pure young minds entrusted to the mother's care, and fnr whose early impressions she is to be held nc- countabler that she finds irtlTeTor no time- for reading, writing orevei3.jynfeinfa cannot be done with them and for them. - it is time to start; and the two meetinirs whirh lowringfternrnmTmvTu f v'w day, outside of the time which must be snnf in namely: Science, Agriculture, Domestic Arts caring for the family's earthly needs. -- Mechanical Engineering and Civil Engineering. Last Sabbath,(yeterday) was one of the The speakers announced below will best I represent ever spent. The Slake Superintendent the several courses of Study pursued in the Colof S. S. was here-(ex- cuse me a moment! one hmr ni't lege. his whip fastened to the stock, another -wnf ' Piano Solo, Mrs. R'. WSIoanj invocation hair trimmed in haste, and my girl wants mv hPIn Apostle Moses Thatcher; . Scn Mr W " Mustrhdw what is to be done next"' fnr th uu. Lamoreaux; Addres?, Hon. Arthur L. Thomas ing of her new gingham. I'll f-i- ' -- . 'cmne.; comeriL . 