(i WOMAN'S, EXPONENT restoration from the accident which befell her in May and which had debared her from the. privilege of attending meetings since, blessed her habitation and surroundings. Sister Kimball expressed her happiness in the midst of so many kind sisters and friends was grateful for their kind wishes and presence ; said how much she had enjoyed working for the liv- Jntr anrt thft Hpnrl artviQPri all anrl work righteousness, blessed all that were assembled there with a mother's and sister's blessing. During the afternoon Sister Coon spoke in tongues and Sister Paul gave the interpretation. At the close they all joined in singing ''Praise God from whom all blessings flow." Benediction by Sister Elizabeth Stephenson. Sister Presendia received several beautiful and useful gifts from her friends; but the best of all jaraslheJdn&feeling and good spirit over the party while they were joining in prayer and praise. Sister Presendia's life has been full and rich in the" experiences 'calculated to develop the higher and better nature, and for the last forty years a great proportion of her time has been occupied in ministering to the sick and afflicted, the sorrowing and downcast. She has been specially gifted in faith and in other precious gifts of the Gospel. Her name is known and honored throughout all Israel. The writer adds her congratulations and good wishes to those of the many friends who unite in praising her good works, and wishing her continued health and prosperity. , that-broode- d ATIEMEMBRANCE OF JOSEPH THE PROPHET. . Dear Editor: - .......... , The subject of Woman Suffrage in the items you publish occasionally are very interesting, especially the cause being so gracefully espoused in Wyoming which is an honor to. the state in establishing such a 'yrecedtntrrzzzi:zzzzZZZZ"'' -Hnr mtlf nn th wnrlri ,.Icnnnrn ihffrfifc. Prophet who came among us and turned the "key in behalf of woman" nearly half a century ago. I am thankful that I had the privilege of being somewhat acquainted with that noble man, the Prophet Joseph, and hearing sublime tiuths from his lips, which at the time, probably, I did not so" fully appreciate. T Viqv file . vte . in caa manv vr. U1" J nf X1.3 rre4t?ire 1fnl. filled, and still greater events are at hand. Some are painful to contemplate. The last time he left his home in Nauvoo he said: " go as a lamb to the slaughter I saw mm pass wun nis Dromer tiyrura wnora ne could not persuade to leave him. They were on horse- oacic ana iooKea very soieran. j osepn Knew ne would, never return alive4- - It aDDeared-thhe might have escaped the unjust decree if h would, ut he said: '"He would die for his friends," and- his innocent blood was shed by mob violence under the promised protection of United States . . ' m 1 -- at -- officials. . - : iLwasjaJerrible Jblo wito JheSaintsbutthev- soon learned to acknowledge the hand of the Lord and that their beloved leader still labors in a higher sphere for the good of Zion. The work which he was the honored instrument in the hands of God of establishing to usher in the last dispensation has progressed far and wide, arid will if continue,J and net nnwpr nn parlK Vii Ik " fan nrunf notwithstanding the gigantic efforts made to crush W thisipcople. fc ; M. A. P. H. Sept. 10, 1890. BRIGHAM YOUNG'S OLD HOME.- - SOME INTERESTING ' JtjiQtrgeasrlyWwa REMINISCENCES. tha erstwhile leader and defender of the Mormon faith, married his first wife in a small .village in Centra New York know as Port Byron, where he lived for several years.." He was married In i824,and the woman's name was Works. Brigham was engaged in the manufacture of wooden pails there, and worked in a factory which afterward was changed and became quite extensively known throughout the state as Hayden's woolen mills. Though that was many years ago the factory is still in possession of. the Hayden family, one of the best known in the vicinity. The part in which Brigham operated still stands came le.nable only for fats and mice, and I tore it, down. Since I have been cultivating the ground I have turned up wi t h the plow severer spoons,, knives and other articles which I. suppose were once in use by him. There is a house in the village which he built still occupied and in good '"' . .7 condition. ''He married his first wife there in 1824, and her name was Works." He was married by-- a justice of the. peace, . whose name was Pine. Esquire Pine. Pine died several years ago, old and very poor. "He was somewhat dependent upon the village for support, and a short time before he died we got up a golden wedding for him; a sort of bene-- ' fit- - When Brigham left here he owed Pine a small amount, so I sent him an invitation to the wedding as a reminder of the same. 'Well, the . ; though. expensive additions have been joined on by the HaydenSj and the manufacture of "no shoddy" goods is still continued at intervals by one of them. The location was visited by a representative of the.7V.r a short time ago, and the old factory and its surroundings presented many interesting features. There are a few houses surroundiog it, lining the road above and below, promoted years ago by the very considerable business which was carried on at the factory, some of which were occupied by the owners of the factory and others by those engaged in manipulating the shuttle. The most of them showed evidence of being well cared for and are in good state of - preservation, with spacious grounds, almost farms, in nearly all v." instances. It is acharming spot, and an actress from New York city grew so enthusiastic upon first visiting the locality that she bought one of the places and uses it as a summer seat. It is not to be wondered at that Brigham, with his taste for the artistic and beautiful, became infatuated by the rural mellow-nes- s pervading the atmosphere made more enchanting by the soft rippling of the stream flowing between the meadowed base of the sloping woodland upon either side. The location is about one-haof a mile from the village, on Qwasco outlet, a handsome little stream, with banks well defined, richly covered w ith- verdtrre;upon "which" . oldJel!QwentJPineadraft the old man good. I remember when Brigham went West. Wonderful reports came back here empire he had built up ai Salt Lake..1 Several large families were broken up by it, and a large number wanted to follow him while others did not. "At all events we have always taken a keen interest in matters with which he has been associated. I think his own family was divided, a part of his wife's folks going and others remain ing. Some of them are still living in this (Cayuga) county. Brigham was quite a hustle and possessed considerable magnetism, which he used to advantage to himself after leaving here. I le never came back. A few years ago one of his sons stopped off at t h e village for an hour or two, but told no one what his business was, though he made himself known. Now this is all I know," said the man, who was ascertained to be Charles Hayden, as he took hold of the plow handles, and clucking to the old horse continued plowing the potatoes. Denver Times. of-th- e : , lf - THE MURDER OF THE PROPHETS. llU?esJ.witJi.m stand, shutting out the sunlight from the water. About the residences are lawns, rising from, the roadside, and aged maples, cast ing over all the delightful shade ot summer, and cemfort pictured upon either hand! Such fclhe wrjter found Hayden's woolen mills to be as he stepped from the dusty stage, which has daily been for years the convenience of travel between the village and..Auburn. One warm afternoon in July last, the factory was silent: and no living thing wars in sight except across the stream near a house some 500 yards distant a maawasseen 5lowlyfoIloW white horse, plowing in a potato "patch" in. the corner of the yard near the roadway. The house neatly-trimme- .was of the farmhouse-tylerWtthr'longeraiida- THE ORIGINAL CORONER'S VERDICT ON' THE MASSACRE IN CARTHAGE JAIL. d n across the front, and neatly trimmed vines were clinging about the supports and around the win- dowsalso. In front were shade trees and the familiar cherry, tree, into which a neat, middle-age- d lady Ogdni SiaxJjt dSieciA..S. F. Chronicle Service j " ' An interesting 3is- asB . ri fmh, a pioneer citizen, while hunting among a pile of rubbish in one of the courthouse jail rooms. It is the origi-ncoroner's verdict on the killing of Joseph and Hyrum Smith at the old Carthage jail, cn June, -read5 as follows: 27i i844r "We the jury, having been duly sworn by George W. Stigall, coroner of Hancock countv. ""!"" rnphmn 'Jit! yingeniiyTo inquire ana a true presentment make ia what mnner and by whom Joseph Smith and ynmvbmith, whose dead bodies were found in Carthage,- 111., ZSyi.l he-verdi- -- ct : : "' 4iayheJajIofH a,n cockequaty oa4he 27ihlay of June, 1844, came to tiieir deaths, after having heard the evidence' and upon full inquiry concerc-- ! " kg the facts and a carefutexamm sa,'d jfasjre started a little with surprise, but pointed to the bodies do find that the deceased came to ihP?r potato "patcb," indicating the man of the house , deaths by violence, and .that the body of the said r was there. Leaning against the plow handles and j osepn smithjaas upon it the following marks, " A wound of a bullet near the right breast pushing his hat back from his face, a merry twinkle of merriment crept into his eyes and another in the right shoulder near the neck as in mock solemnity he replied and that the said Hyrum Smith has the following "Yes j I suppose this is sacred ground. Right marks, A woifnd in the throat by a bullet where you now stand Brigham Young's house and a wound in the abdomen; inflicted by some well-bronz- I 11. ai .. - I Sept. to-w- it: ed to-w- U: -- Moodjaniil-ajshort-timeago- r w hen- -i down. 1 knew him well as lie lived about here many years, and I have always lived here. He used to work in'that factory over there, which belonged to my father. It was a pail factory then, and sixty-thre- e years aga the 14th of last month (June) Brigham began painting pails there. uv "umju ... ii i u i iiv iuvu iuuu jirir. uiii the jury find to be the cause of their deaths." The document is signed by Wesley ; ' Williams, Franklin J. Partletf,lAaron; Griffiths Anthony Barklan, George C. WaggoneF, Peter Biean, irge Bach man, Thomas Harnett,! Elam-- S : Freeman, John Maherman, Simon Pennock' samueiAjiipin. "Verdict of jury on 