W 0M A N ! 14 the sick, thought prayer should never be forgotten, was sad because of the death of one of her Coun selors Sister Larsen. Referred to the necessity of the work for the dead. Pres. Zina Yoiin.' spoke impressively of the work for the dead 'urged the sisters not to delay. there are thousands waiting there for the work to be done for them. We are Jiving in a great day. the Gospel gives us comfort and peace, entreated the sisters to be faithful and the blessings of God would be upon them. Sisters Mc'Greiror. M. E. Kimball. Snow, .. Waterfall,. Dyer and Watmpugh spoke . upon the subjects already touched, uponTiriT an interesting Editor Woman's Exponent: -- . . vry jyishjng-yd- u M.A7T. ; Provo, Utah.. success-invtn- e grearcause PRIMARY CONFERENCE. Editor Exponent. Conference of the Primarv The Ouarterlv v j Associations' of the San Juan Stake was held at Bluff May 26th 1890, Pres. Julia Butt Very respectfully, A. E. C. C. Salt Lake City, June 3, 1890. - - -- Dresidinfr"."" , ra. Halls, and Wm. Adams. Bishons of the l different wards, Presidents and Counselors of the different branches etc. from Meeting onened bv sininnr "Never Thee let us stray." Prayer was offered by Brother Wm. Adams. Continued singing ' - of Israel." "Hope Minutes of last Conference read and approved. The programme was then carried out bv the children which consisted of songs, recitations, End instrumental music. .' Pres. Josephine Wood of Bluff. Coun. Jane ' M. Walton of Monticello. Sister Marv" Burn- ham of Burnham, Sister Luella Halls of Mancos, bister Annie btewart of Moab. all gave in favorable reports of their respective branches. Pres. F. A. Hammond. Wm. Halls. and Jens Nielson made verv instructive re marks on several different subjects, encourage- V in which you have so long labored, we remain. done in the Church schools and said many cellent things. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singing "Come hither all ye weary souls," bene diction by Sister E. Stevenson. - 1 C-Ralie- bm4iHWIedlUferred4o4h ' . -- - er, 1 - the-Lor- Synopsis of minutes of general meeting held in v r i CliVUnrr of JhlJ I r UlU LltXU J UUV kUf p. lily Counselor Sarah M. Kimball presiding:. Sindnsr "For the strength of the hills we bless Thee' singing, "Where prayer by Sister Mary-Silvthe voice of friendship s heard. Minutes of pre vious meeting read" and approved. Sister Kimball thoughtve couldhave iigood meeting though few in number and called upon the sisters to join in prayer in behalf of Sister Wheeler who was sick. Sister Diana Reid President of the i6tb Ward Relief Society gave a brief sketch of her, recent visit to Canada, felt thankful fortbeDrivi- lege: of being at home again, thought there was no place like hornet Several sisters then bore their testimony, among the number Sister M. A. E, Watmough wha ujrtuc xalcusui icmaiKS auu wui lOiJCJweQ DV Sifter Tiilin f Unwp whn hnr o c and referred to the dreams she had before she came into the Church, and spoke of an,ovaIy nf- the chacrre vnu tn in the or- wrifp - .inform w' -O J eranization of our Relief Society. As bur. Ward, the 10th. has been divided it necessitated a reor- the 9th, of June ganization which was made"on r P! i oilier last year, tfisnop James waison appoi-nieaAnnjC. Neal Pres., Sister Ann Player firsthand Sister Annie Rawlins second Counselors, Emily Sec. Pllaliegh Treasurer, Caroline The death of our beloved tfishop occunng soon . after, the setting apart of these officers was necessarily deferred till a new Bishop was ap pointed. . Accordinglyon the 30th of April 1890, Bishoo Isaac Barton with his Counselors Alexander Edwards and Joseph Derbidge met with, the, Society and set them apart to act in their respective callings. . . . . T manner. Pres. Home alluded to the remarks of Sister Card said, there is the true ring of the Gospel in in things d them, could see the hand of nmu taktnr nliff . if we walch thesisrns of the times, we whjersj " able couple each with a gold coin, after which grace was said and all seemed to relish the viands the band discoursing sweet music in the Pavilion. vuer ainner " uauuiu cummruccu, mcu an interval for speeches, songs and recitations when dancing was resumed until 5:30 p.t.m., other souvenirs were presented the worthy couple who felt very grateful for honor shown them. REORGANISATION. .: . EX PONENT, Neal, Pres. Raleigh, Sec. - 00. 01 - MILL CREEK PRIMARIES. g - - : The 10th, annual meeting of the Primaries of Mill Creek met in the Mill Creek Ward house June 3rd, 1890 at ten o'clock. The weather was very unpleasant but there were assembled a large number of children, and also parents and friends, jwho greatly enjoyed ihe exercises. There were present on the stand Bishop J. C. Hamilton of Mill Creek, Pres. Ellen C. Clawson. Counselors Camilla Cobb and Lydia Ann Wells, of Salt Lake Stake, Sisters E. Davis and M. Cahoon of Cot mg the children to attend their Primary tonwood, and Pres. Mary McAllister, Ann Lemon, meetings. M. A. Birch and Frances Hanson of Mill rrpV Pres. Julia Putt made a few closing re The forenoon session was presided over by marks!; Conference adjourned for three Pres. Hanson ; the programme consisted of songs, months, bingin iBeautuul Zion. Benedicsolos, recitations, etc. After which; good instruc- -' tion by Bro. J. B. Decker. tions were given by Pres. Clawson, Sisters Wells Evelyn Adams, Sec. arid Cobb. A fter singing jail retired tQlhevestr-r- . -- wnereJa.bi-es.werespread- any degree of tolerance because it had' been the was the truth and worth all the sacrifices made forit. Sister ' Pratt bore a good testimony, referred to - children, and jrnade excellent remarks upon many subjects, bister Mary Silver felt: happy to be numbered with the saints and another sister spoke in a similar strain. Sister S. M, Kimball gave notice of the Relief Society Conference and also announced that there would be a meeting of the Utah W. S. A. on the following Saturday June 14th. Sindnfr -ine time is lar spent," benediction by Sister M. earth. The children enjoyed an intermission of two hours. Then meeting commenced, Pres. McAllister presiding. The programme was .well "rendered, and all appreciated the labors of the presidents in their endeavors to make a pleasant and instructive day for parents and children. Good and encouraging remarkswere-made-4-y Pres. Clawson, Sisters Cobb and Wells and Bishop Hamilton. The day was well spent and will long be remembered by the little ones. Young, Sec. . ' COMFORTING WORDS. Deak Exponent: You will please continue to come to my address. . . aMi?.w.febotti.ltve-on-- E will still "dwell together" you' come to me as a white winged messenger of a nameless love and neverdying union. DEAR SISTER, I did not expect my little "May Tribute" to walcen so great and 'deep a tenderness of true sisterly sentiment, 'tis only a very small tithe that finds an outlet thus and is so beautifully echoed in your sweet words, which like heaven's own honey-deheal and comfort as the bfead cast upon "the water after many days it will return." This is the w prayer of your sister, as ever. . v' . .onon, i,ai.,"june,2, , , . 1590. M. 0. K. AUXl.K,ti,l - - QXAi.Xj. Minutes of the Semi Annual Conferpn the Relief Society of Emery. Stake held at Ferron April 18th. 1890. at 10 m the stand Pres. Annie Larsen and Coun. Ann Pulsifer of Huntington. Meeting commenced with sindnff. PraverbvBis T?rt . a: : t imme Juarsen then ulJ- Ciluu- - oiugiiig. rres. addressed the meeting in a pleasing and manner, giving the good advice - that - -is so essential, spoke of her visit- to Salt Lake City to attend April Conference, the enjoyable time she had and the spiritual hlpi Bh 1 - Belle White, Sec. in-structi- ve - GOLDEN WEDDING. The 7 th of June being the fiftieth marital day of Brother and Sister Graves,a committeeTorraed and invited through the papers and otherwise all those who wished to celebrate the occasion to repair to their grounds 'The Park Garden" with picnic on that day; a great many people from the various - - YILATE C. R. S. REPORTS. m Presidents of the different wards gave good reports x)f their branches of the Society. Some of the brethren present gave good counsel to H?-aster- good work. wjkB.j.j remarkable octrtrrenceTraslh efpresence of the bridesmaid of fifty years ago. The bridegroom, who is 84 years of age, walked up the avenue' with his- bride upon his arm receiving congratula-tion- s as they moved on to' the head of the tables; the old gentleman attired in white vest medals attached and a white rose andribbon in button-hole, and hisiady wearing white lace cap neaUy wnne satin ribb0n,Theweddin?uimuicu wun . r cdKcwas piacea at the head of the tables upon which a bounteous repast was spread decorated with flowers. P ro f. D an ie s m ad e an -- be half of th .. n rw i m i i Mini tn i -- iiTifi con-tmu- -- ; M. A. LkRSENjActing - - : BNOWFLAKE The Relief Soci llake btake wa hold 1 -- - many good things were spoken of by the sisters bearing their testimony and feeling to e to perform their many duties. Pres. Annie Larsen with much praise and to thanks many the sist n ', uj uui IICAJ. liUD VUjU" meec at V5angiYjlIe in October i con - - . urging them to press on in the presentea tne venpr. I S. SnufV. nc,Wmeuj vui. STAKE. of K,wwT.fii, J r on , . n aun t0 conterence and t ex- - 