WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE LADY PIONEERS. pupils in a fine brick Her health failinrr. she Written for Ihfc ecldSration of Pioneer"Day at Ephraim. Sanpete Co., 'July 24, 1S90. This day is ours. 'Twill ever live in story That first thy founders, Utah, saw thy face. Happy the man whose name is clearly written, On thy faircrcandjnian honored They sowed the seed whose harvest we shall reap, They laid our sure foundations broad and deep. k But man come not alone a conquering hero To pioneer this land,-ou- r Deseret, But true and brave, and his" own strength completeness Woman shared the toil and each privation met. "Dwell not alone Oh man" for Heaven decreed it Earth has not changedmueh it's older grown, reluctant sound to own it never did JWaj& accomplish, much, alone,. , ,, the-ug- And it is true I City to recuperate, the climate "there being favorable for ".her recovery. About 1854 Judge Mason; Commissioner of Patpnta: nPTeroA her a clerkship in his office, because she could be trusted to keep the secrets nfrW.nnlnot sell them, to the injury of annlicants for patents, as some of hia men clerks Jiad done-S- he was the first woman "to ba remilarlv employed as a clerk in any of the denartmenr at Washington, and great was the consterna tion among the government 'employees when ner name went on the pay roll. Miss Barton was the only woman whn served-throug- h the Civil War with neither nor commission - first coin cr back and forth pay ' . - . . on And Harriet Wheeler Young, bora in New. Hampshire First on the list as lady pioneer, And Clara Decker Young her fair, pure daughter, Bride of a prophet in her sixteenth year. And Ellen Sanders Kimball from far N6Tway,' Called by the voice of God her part to fill, Children of destiny these three fair women, Who gave their lives up to His holy will. Now don't infer from what I've said of sweetness These women sat down and let men do the work, Things wouldn't have been done with such completenes If they had been the kind to faint and shirk. Beside his plane and chisel stood her scissors v ...... His ax, her broom; his scythe, her buzzing reel; She matched against his harrow, plow and saddle, The labors of her loom and spinning-whee. l. Their hands were white, but not too white to toil," Their garments coarse, but made them seem more fair, Their voices clear, lifted in songs of praise, Thrilled into rapture all the desert air. And their reward was love's untarnished flame, And in their souls the peace of those who've trod With all Christ's armor on day after day, Unshoddcn" through the Holy House of God. Theyjftrisdom learned close to the fountain-head- , Drank righteousness as from a flowing cup; Grew in a holy faith so strong and firm, They loved not sin; Death called no terrors up. They gave to earth a race of human souls So pure from taint, so free from earthly dust, The angels sang for rapture in the skies, A mOfinnn nrnrviAn A daughter of Massachusetts, a noble repreed - , 1 orfcsOkcRedlGr united in it. Miss Barton came back to her native land and organized the Red Cross Society of America, and wa3.' very deservedly,' made its president. By a treaty of nations, her society as wea as me xuropean onginai,is recognized, and its agents arc exempted from, the restric- tions placed upon travel, and in time of war of-t-he from-mo- st regulations concerning3 communication between hostile camp3. r . - . ... x innn n t r. iiuuer in iooa uov. appointed M133 Barton Superintendent of the Reformatory Prison at Sherborn Mass., giving her full ontrorand accepting heras her ownbohds woman. Miss Bartou accepted this position reluctantly, and in response to the entreaty of w m A It t- - : . - and trial. So satisfactory was commended that the offices of treasurer and steward, which had always been filled by men, should be mergedinto ithat ofthe siipermtehdentj and that Sliss Barton be appointed to 'fill the ' triple office; In 1884 Clara Barton and her society were ' given charge of relieving the sufferer by ' the , - Ohio ancTMississippi floods; She was sent a3 a delegate to the lnternauj3nall held at GenevaTnhTsameyear. The United States paid her the distinguished honor of requesting her to write the "History of the Red Cross Society," with "which she complied, and it was printed-b- order of Congress; After the great fire3 in Michigan, the cyclones in Texas, the Charleston earthquake, and the awful calamity at Johnstown, Clara Barton and the sisterhood of the Red Cross- - were earliest at the.seenes of distress,, and "unhejifatj sentative of the "superfluous women" of the commonwealth, her life record i3 one of " patriotic service. To Miss Barton belongs the credit of havin g assisted in organizing the public school system of New Jersey. She organized a public school at Bordentown, N. J. She began with six cholars in a dilapidated old house with sor twenty- ,- and - attbe.:;yeax!send-hadO- 0 capacity "admmilfrati ve generalship. so-call- . 1 emergency CLARA BARTON. known nf w shTlhould aid that nobb work in a time of Ellen Jakeman. hftSt. Andersonville to identify and mark the craves of Union soldiers. In all these offices she showed unusual executive ability and undaunted courage, tempered by the gentleness of a loving, compassionate and refined woman.' In loU she1 engaged in her splendid work in the Franco German W ar. and all the nations of Europe rang with her praises and did,..ber honor. The Grand Duchess of Baden.herself a great philanthropist, made her chief assist- :l:i u 4.: c me military aunii tut? piepaiuuuu ui ii, nospuais. Here she first became acquainted with the. JjOV. of- the Red - ..' v The life of this plain, simple unpretentious and woman is one of the grandest bnumeuts to charity and mjerciful kindness the"World ha3witnesie(I. "She wilL pas3 away, but the work and example of such a life wilt never depart from among the races of eelf-saerifici-ug men. ha3 the talent of a statesmau, the command of a general, and heart and hand of a the woman. - Boston. T fs wi til T a m j J - y LYDI A E. BECKER, d i. own1,t. . banner -- - And God placed in their hands a holy trust. While we accord to man all of his "AncT with tHeiaurel crown his kingly brow; Do not forget the mothers of the men Who are the hope and pride of Zion now, Those fair, fine vessels whom love and sacrifice Prompted to drink privations bitter cup, .1'Jf maa is King, then woman is his Queen. And to hjs side let-fanow lift her up: Cross. the plants " 1 T-- - artOn is tHft - Barton r the rotomac boatartaknfgfiOafiiDSihLe? tie-fiel- The names of those our Lady Pioneers Who left their homes to share in unknown sorrows Of hunger, weariness, and trembling fears? Each shared the toil; drank the same cup of sorrow, Lifted like burdens as the man whose name, Wreathed with her sweetness, grace and holy fervor Is written in the book of lasting fame. Wherever flame or flood or pestilence bring WeM went, tn come IromThlTbat with blood and mud dried upon their persons, and getting them ready forthe hospitals, and afterwards doing a similar service in the camps. On Morris Island, during the siege of Fort Wagner, she wa3 the only woman, and she stayed at her post until bad water and exposure made her dangerously ill. Military records and the memories of veterans are full of her acts of kindness, in caring in woman fashion for the sick and wounded- - She was Gen. ButlerV famous 4La iy in charge of the hospitals at the front," in 1864. The next year she went to And have you ever heard in song or story In military circles throurrhmit thn wnrlA cn- oreMed of-th- placel -- builJiri. newfv 51 The friends were shocked by the telegraphic announcement, Saturday July 19, of the death Switzerland. Miss Becker wa3 one of the leaders of the IUUlttUO,DUUIOgC UiUVCUlCUl 111 UUglitUI, UUU well known on that side as an able persistent advocate of equal rights for women. She was the editor of the Woman's Suffrage Journal at Manchester. lhi3r she conducted with a single. eyeito secure- - parliamentry - suffrage for OL. waicueu "t1 A. me acts oi pariiamenc, wuuicu. oub often going up to London during the eessions and sending immense petitions for her favorite mea3ure. She regularly published the parliamentary debates in her Journal, thus preserving the history of this important r move- jnent as it has gone on in England. i . 'Illoe greauy missed irom the suurane oiiQ wm ranss and trom sutlrage work in England. Her there will receive the warm sympathy of the friends of the cause every- - where-ifl-l- he sndden MrrTTOTrm fiTir npnfh n t ' JL. b. iurs. iecier. TT . . co-worke- rs I have a very distinct remembrance of Miss Becker as I 6aw her in the summer of 1872,- - andirom this may be allowed to make a brief personal mention of her. At the time I speak she was very . of-whi- cb , prominent in the woman suffiaorA mnwmAnt. andasJts advocate was one thmost consider-- 7 ed and respected. I heard her speak in public once or twice. The first time was. F think at a crowded meeting in St. George's Hall, at which Prof. Flayfair, now Sir London, T ft . l m ui tuab name presiaeu . She spoke with weight of thought and assurance, and impressed me a3 a person who had given much study to social nrohlpms. Hpr. .. "TOice hliH tlie pleasant Eoglish ring, the imita- uon- - or which causes come ot our elegantes to and almost to American choke, throats gurgle not answering; to so deep ah intonation. She was, as I remember, of medium height, not stout, :wi tli za complexionlneither -- dark nor light, out indicating Tigor ot temperament; ner aress was careiui and in good taste; her greeting of the American suffragists frank and , friendly.r Julia. Ward Howe. e--f . .... -- - fr viit,uiii o uwuii tut,, y , J- - rs d o T Newcastle, Wy., at the said to be the only ever voted ago ears, is ., who wnarian lWhyi3ifn?oa f lrjlnced he A mpricftrwr" " , the cav4narchcdiia-oli- d EnglisK colum?,d'ar; ,'CQ. -- - 