WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 2G: 1 'tt Little by little Ilepsie was Earning some of tne hard lessons ot Me; and a:i the time grieving at niht. even after a n ceful day. her pillow, would be wet with of loneliness even in the ruHst of congenial fnmn.inirnivViin. RIia rifwr rt nf hparinj' Mrs. W. talk of Mormonisin; but ill the time deep down h her heart, was the nging to see her mother, though she knew she could not un bosom her feelings even to her, and the in-- . - . t .1 tense desire to know tne late ot her, anient one; the did not wish or expect.-- him to re- tear---Sa- nse a-se- ch 1 - - ' A 1 ho had spoken of ''roving on -- ie the, wild sea," and she intuitively felt he was out upon the ocean, he had dwelt much i i times past on his love for the music of th ocean; and in former days had written a soi. ' of the sea, and called it "memory," that he v as very fond of and the also recoiltrted her emotions inging; -as she ratratered on the beach in the twilight when a child, and the sort of presentiment she had then, that the sea would be in some way associated with her life: he dreamed of the sea, aud its ''bounding bil ows;" and she iancied she could hear its sobs, the echo ot her own, she longed sometimes to fly away that Ehe might listen to the reali y, it at , j In her calmerj moment-shknew such a thing to be impracticable, :nd tharheuce-forth- " labor in the great v. jrk-- day. world was to be her portion.V v She taught a few children i a desultory sort of a way for a little time. u: then was en- gaged to teach a school in the eastern part of pel.- e a -' 1 mc citj, in u, ug fccnuui uuu.e, anu mis lime there was no other way but o board around by the wctjk, but this was among the Latter-da- y Saiuts. Once hhe had rv fused to do this, but many Oiing and this opening seemed to hw providential indeed: another new exoeiience. Just before Ilepsie wentaj.vay,Jo,leah,the. fccnooi, lucy Keynolds and her husband ar riveu in xxauvoo, ana rented rooms. jatar-Jir- s. WTJ ii o. nuuc ucpbid was buying. nepsie found--Lucthe same dear old friend, but juuey wa3 ternoiy msappomtcl that site would ntit CCM fid nrcHh ., ar.Ymc.i nnr 'fth there was a temporary estrangement between them. Lucy told her much of her mother's affairs and the anxiety she had felt ju her account, thinking to draw Hepsie oui on the subject, but it was of no avail. In regard to her troubles sho was as silent as ne grave; work, now she was better, seemed th- best remedy for both body and mind. Hep;L. was. greatly in- y A-in- -hs- girls in whom she felt the? deepest interest, kuowing how soon they too uhl be likely to vute3ajprisdllj.iin she "experience, sought to instil into their minds, moral truths, and impress them with the realities of uue womanl. od. Her mind was absorbed duriog- - school ) mts but Twhen h er tasks wereomplcted-- - lue resumed he F actustoreoT metho'ds of day-aiming, and all sorts of ex in; dinary things, almost believing she should lr ar news of d im-agm- !!l9HgLsMe.krjuad ed any oner lively to know; in fact she hud heard nothing of the Sysf Harold's funn partners, and she was confident, had the Harvey's heard from him, they would not hav i communicated with her. She wa$'.notda4h habit of miiW home now, for what could sl say rpne: after another of her" brothers, sixers and v.ru tu school would close the last of August,- - and she Would be at liberty. ehe scribbletL . vcrsc-buOccasionally ; Boiyg :( f tlieiii appeareipTtn t;'H()t on "one" occasion, Eome verses on Friendship she had sent to a friend, had appeared in an English journal. Hepsie was astonished, for she had not thought herself in a condition of mind to write; but it wa3 trtie, they had becii accepted, and. there they were Avith her signature attached. Had she sent 'them herself, she would only have jriveu her initials, or a licti- on s "i ; ii rri ep h o we ve r, she consoled JierselXby scarcely, for she nhinkingn was very modest about her writing; and afraid of criticism. The weary feUfumer months dragged along, very little like that other summer, two years and before, when she had been so full of expectancy. There were many rumors of mobs J n th e.out lying dktrictearotrndh" ISauvoo, and many actual disgraceful wrongs perpetiated against the Saints, and work on the Temple seemed to enrage those who had arrayed themselves in opposition to the Church. Hepsie had no fears or when she heard' of mobs coming almost to Nauvooaud the threats they made of putting auend: to Mormonism, destroying the Temple and so on; she felt her courage lise and almost forgot her individual troubles inthose of her people. . , Her school had1 closed, she had said her farewell to the children, and ... had .gone to stay with Mrs. Y. temporarily, looking forward to her mother's coming;' counting the days and the hours almost, weary of "Wiring, when one bright afternoon, a girl came running towards the house; Hepsie was standing in' the doorway, repeating over to herself "when w ill. mofiier. come;" the aid almost btuuned ner wili the news, "your mother has arrived, she is at Br. T's. and" wants you to come immediately." Ilepsie fairly flew nvw.. -- 7 June 17th, 1890. ; . J .JL t IHexroNENT, would like to hear from their sisters up here in the tops of the mountains, I thought I would write a few words in their be- half. The Saints here, as a general thing, are striving to live their religion. ,Our; Sunday schools and meetings are well attended, and Relief Society meetings also an in crease We have "had. a, great of at least one third, deal of sickness here during the latter part of i ti light-hearte- mi-givi- i her mother as excTtelnTii Fail id , The Idaho bill passed the Senate and received the signature of the President July 3rd. The President consulted Delegate Dubois whetheFhe would rather have Idaho come into-th- e Union on the Fourth, or have its star adcled to that the star of a new State is added on the Fourth of July succeeding its ad- - her brainVat 3'igbt-joi herVfaee-thhad "over whelmed her and overpowered her. The meeting vas an embar-raisiri- g one after all, much as Hepsie had calculated upon it, bringing up the trying ordeals through which Hepsie had passed since leaving her chidhoodV home, the baby's birth and death, the sorrow of that time and what fol lowed, ihen Mrs. Hathaway had' many (pillions io asK relative to the situation in Nauvoo, aud poor little Hepsie had" to act as sort of guide and: instructor to helnolEerT everything was so different to New England ways, habits ai&l customs, and Mrs. Hathawnv crowded-upo- n ; at thoughwell acquainteith-thetheoryrh- r ivat?w ane very nine oi tne practical side, the 23rd of this month is the 4aywhen4VyomragcefebfaTes its statehood. Ibe magnificent flag to be presented to the State hy-- the worn token' 6HB ei r a ppre ciation citizenship is now haying: the star added to it. The hearts of all who love fredom, will send an electric current of sympathy and congratulations to this youngest. and fairest daughter of the Union. Wednesday -- y; the Taw provides . shrossedhethieih.old--ehe"-"faTnteodeallWa- The House agreed July 8th, to the Senate amendment to the bill for the admission of Wyoming, and the President signed it July 10th, (lelaying his signature until half past five, to give Delegate Carey opportunity to finish up pending business, as the signature of the President rpdnpps him flip ranlrj nn leaves Wyoming without representation. Ex. . ' It "si'hV nf "A when she came to herself, she knew it was the tumult of recollections that ANDNEWS. NOTES . r J. M. ns - rrotmiHuht S. .. . -- . n-our -- , -the-i- -i- ; great reason to thank the Lord that He has answered our prayers in behalf of the sick, and for the manifestation of His goodness to us in many way 3" The Exponent .is a welcome companion in my house, as it gives us many valuable instructions, and' also gives us an opportunity to hear from our sisters in .different. "paTts"Ofthe'"wrorld.7r" -- ITours truly, d en-as- -a uf-th- eir forty-fourt- h MISCELLANEOUS. Forbearanceiiia attended witE prolt. 7 To persecute the unfortunate is like throw- You canutlivelander-inhal "ou can out argue it. Uncle Esek. uch learns brcorainrureontact wifh those of the faith in the daily associations '.of-H-fe. of moral and relio-;3e ray r But Mrs. H. had her religion at heart " 11 .1 io' , aa-m- e aud thejtejwcjdiffi ivKdom of tha.:o".K..kitu in: i ina Giir istiwi h from lhan those not so firmly rooted and grounded lev T. , , rr J J "Jfiu.ci iuau i .tnereinr.-.-:;:-;rr-.-:urs or study under those who are too en- Towards the latter part of to follow this rv?nfji . September, Hep-- - lightened ! . l 1 ":T and she was. so absorhed -- plet in-W -- mr.K e lost siht of fbr "fpinai-nepsia.time. So it is the deart nicuu l'm. separated hrmioh .. rv, the atroM-tie- i j"- i1 tlmt woogh J not; nice? sarilj,- IxTdiSoId." . - - school- lnUlfT- - litT, nation aganut Harold, "utuii; and denounced hts Conduct. hlfltnim' ron!iAtl!J. ..it... .' . could not endure gueh reproinhes; go-- he gave Deaii Sister Weils: , ic-ugiu- IU her term of would come, - FKEMONT ITEMS. In September her mother them all up. ave me' alone she'll take ''you away ami A Chrisda? a man who is restoring God's like ness to his character. lioberL son. As far Possible dwell on the good side of There are boards where a constant process of family depreciatiiig, assigning motives, and cutting nn M,n,o,. forward. They are not One happy who is healthy does not wish toplaces. dine at a dissecting table. There is evil enough in man trod knows! But it is not the mission of every young man and woman to detail and report ' P the atraoiiPre as pure as pos-- s Me, fragrant with gentleness and charDr. John Hall. ity. f.3 human things. - ff . 