s - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 162 A. ami- - let our minds soar aloft to. a higher .flag standard of intelligence, cultivate a spirit of with ovrrlnoped with streamersraml decorated potted plants and basktts of cut flowers, benevolence, and charity, and let us unitedly me wall at the outh end was entirely hidden unfurl the: standard- of-- tqual- rights, and re' irom sight by and banking, out and it wave stauding as an may ensign near the ligious liberty, was the word "Welcome." ceding of peace and security to all who enlist under ine ainers were divided into small coteries its banner?. pt eight and ten seated at round tables placed Sarah Ann Fullmek, in a semi circle around a larg-- r elevated table, Pres. Y. S. A. Emery Co. . . 1 ... at which fat Mrs. MayWright Sewall, who presidul, the guests of the evening, and the :For Tn ExroENfr-- ' excellent 7 supper, 1 toasts 1 and reA NOBLE WOMAN. sponses were given, as follows: . the lounge taking an evening nap and snoring away, for all the world like her brother Tom. -- He sees Venus in a calico dress-wit- h her hair " rolled bick in a light little knot at the back of her head, siting at the other side1 of the table eating pork and beans, and probably conquering the second plate, and awakens to the fact that she is just a good. hearted mortal Jika his sister Mary Ann. A courtship is likerthe measles people have it but once.;,. If X were to ; asl the q ties tit n' ?'Is marriage a -- i aiiu re ? I ' -- would answer that it iV only when ther eopla " are failures. I believe in love, and. Ictj at and ten," an origiual -- poerar fifsOi gl iiy"blitr"a by L. Boynton Harbert, and read by Sara smm(Hooki InimieUiimdred aiid.iinety-niu- e 7W mthr6pSmtth7 cases the first is no lovo at all. Then how i4St. Suan, Oar BeOne Valentine, many marry upon surface- recommend ution, hind Hand, but Not Too Late For Day because ot graceful - carriage) fiue dancing, Service," " Phcebe W. response by Cuzins. smooth gossip upon society atlairs, or some such .lIneMdernBjp.aietic." responaa by things The best or worst loitnne o'f a man. Rev. Ann sIL Shaw. or. woman is. htfs band joil wile. Mrs Brownings 4tMi;3 'Anthony as Fellow-worker,- " '.L 'i response says: . Matilda by " A loving wo'mao finds heaven or hell Joslyn Gage. 'American Womanhood," response . by L. In the day she becomes a bride." ,; Onnbtou of England. A man onay escape the troubles of an un- "Miss Autliouy a3 a Journalist," response fortunate union in his club and mixing in the by tiara Bewick Colby. world, but for women there is no escape but i Robert Purvis of "Change," response in by the grave- - If a man won't reform before, ' Philadelphia. marriage he may drag woman down, but "Miss Anthony at Home," response by Mrs. woman cannot drag him up.' Woe to the Janet Marsh Parker. : marriage where the god who presides is ..iJHhe. Friendship of WomanIxcspose -- by -- Cupidity instead ol Cupid. Mrs. r'Carlyle said,"" Mrs. Elizibetb Cady Stanton. .. "I married for ambition and though - Mr. Disciple," response by' Carlyle has reached bights I never "dreamed Stanton Blatch. of, I am a miserable woman." How does a After the s:nging of "Auld Lang Syne" young inan treat hi win treat the Mifs rose to and n by guests, Anthony has passed. speak, you the same after the honey-moowas greeted with longcontiuued applause. is hell but known What truths too late. Tno She said a few words of gratitude, halt most trying period is that of the honey-moomade a brief address Most divorce case3 have their real origin humorous, in the course of which she paid a high tribute "during the first year. People need to get into to Mrs. Stanton, and finally sat down amid the. habit of., being. marriea, just, likegttting "renewed applau?e. .' used to wearing new shoes. Do not interfere Between the toasts there was music, and between husband and wife. Sidney Smith recitations by Miss Elizabeth Johnson, Mrs, said, "3Jarried people are like a pair of shears; Mrs. and Isabella Beecher sjjmji May Wright Sewall, sure to cut any one coming between them." from J. G. Whittier. William Lloyd Garrison, If I could IoaW wipe out the; word mother .i. ""William-Cnrtis- r' Senators" Hoar of on account or us suggestions, but under George Massachusttts, Sherman ol Ohio, and Manderevery popular prejudice there is truth. There Stone should be a national marriage law. If a man sou, of Nebraska; Speaker Reed, Lucy Louise 1 homas,-Kev- . Frances L.Wiilar d, travels if om Maine to CalitorniaC" ho r caii be Rush fchippen and Mrs. Henderson. Many married, divorced, a bigamist or a bachelor other letters were received which could not according to the state ht-i-s inThe trouble be read lor lack, of time. Telegrams ' from in mismated marriages is thatofteu the yoke h the Woman's Political Club ot Rochester, not so burdensome as the pulling to get away Unitarian Ladies' that from the from it. Act at home as you do in a neighbor's city Society of Woman's Union of from the house to bave a pleasant home life. and Norway, were read by Mrs. Harriet Stanton Blatch. Alter a delightful evening, the company broke It was thought that there was not in the up somewhere m the. "wee sma hours. United States any memorial oL Christopher Columbus. One, however, has been found. The consul-genera- l of France at Baltimore, in VIE W3 ON COURTSHIP AND JUSZ4, erecte(f-- col u m n - w hieh-bear- ir t heliam e -MARRIAGEof the discoverer. He placed it in an obscure place on his grounds, and when streets were BY DR. GEO. TH03IAS DOWLING. laid outit there remained, hidden from sii'ht Snlomn savs it U a good thins: for a man by trees and shrubs. Itr was almost fbr0iten tilLrecentlyr when it waa brought to light. tasecufe-a-wil'ejbu- t it. is not.1always1 PauLsays . . I I T ,i good to 03 married, i woum racner taKe tne - - . rr . , -- k-r- an : It is customary to praise the dead. We hear-T- f ever scarcely rmybod ffTgm$mi'T& . . -- -- . ingspuken of until death claims them. And then I often think some get more than they merited; , but there are ' gome who .don't get their just dues. I think it wouhl be a.go:jd, idea to give the deserving living a kind ...word once in a while, as they struggle through thh world of pain. Why should we wait until a person is sileut and cold before- we speak their praises? A kind word makes life brighter and often gives strength to the weak and . - - weary. One of tha noblest women Julia Simons. Aunt .... . C-ant- Dear Aunt Julia is was get- g , ' -- Mrs.-Harri- itli7r7re us. n. half-patheti-c, at th . spell. Aunt Julia has seen many trials and was one of the many who were driven from -- their liome4ia.ihs.-?ly- Gba-rtr- rise-ol-ta- s- .Christ of Latter Day Saints. written 'Of Inlerest oT ful life. $esar -tti- -- Much could be in-la- Dear Aunt Julia don't feel bad in - your old age because you have not strength to give to the poor. Don't imagine that you are a trouble and that you are in the way. The. world owe3 you much Dear Aunt. Just sit down in the rocking-chai- r to earn " means --- " and be content. Thousands are in your debt. In conclusion , I ask Oar to bless Dear Aunt blessings of Heaven. C3 Heavenly. Father Julia with the- choicest For a nobler,' Oerrander. - -- truer hearted woman never was barn I am sure. Dear Aunt Julia lift up your heart and ..... ' rejoice. .. A. - iSalina "Sevier" , E- - : A. a C5r-"Utah-7 BANQUET, TO MISS ANTHONY. Tbeceleb ration in honors "Anthony's seventieth - . birthdayr-preparatioo- -- 4 - s te e fof which n a ve been go on "for some-ii- m bvMra Txr WM.itrt 4pwI! and Mr 'Rachel. Foster Avery, tookplace on the evening of Feb. 15, aVtbe Riggs House WashingtonP. A reception wa3 given in the great parlora of the hotel, and a large number f Inends tendered congratulations to 3Iiss ' ten o'clock t he company, wen t to the dining-room- . In. the procession Senator Blair p'snrfl Anttinnr. Difpctlv behind them came Robert - Purvis, escorting Mrs. Elizabet h Cady Stan tour: ami -- 1 hen iul lowed about 160 htkfira. ""TSe room was handsomely festooned with -- et " very-industrio- she-wonldtea- , , I ever knew ting eld and feeble nosv; but a more noble, woman never breathed the 1 i e. 1 a t b ecl breathof f ay sj, o f ...heitfosperity. and activity the homeless and the needy could always fi n d a friend . 31 a ny a s ad " heart h as she made rejoice through her benevolent actions her kind cheeriug encouraging woids. . and She is a true lady of extraordinary intelligence and There is scarcely any work that she did not excel in at some Illhdl)f time in her life. I have seen this estimable lady many times at her loom weaving surrounded by her little grandchildren; whom self-sacrificin- 1 - ", -- advice- 1 . 1 - I 4)f-.Solo.mon. experience in marriage, but Solomon had nine hundred wives. The best work in the world has been done by married men.1 Fhst un ler consideration comes courtship on that, for I I would not giyemuch advice, who needed any never met any young people h y ou ng people is instructionThe tronble-witthat they do not look at tacts as ihey are. idea. Adonis thinks it just an They nurry an gbci lent that she chanced to' marry him, and hf lieves it was by - the merest chance -vnn I tuuv v Jinokned- to rairrv her. After kfJii ibis m -- daify toil and lie in his shirt sleeves upon It b with deepregrct that r trader you the sad news of three sweet little-t- o embers of ourPrimary Association, whom; ourlltirenly Father has seen fit to call into His presence. The dreaded diphtheria which quara ntined many homes here for two months past, was the cause of their demise, Dee. 23rd, 1809 Sanford B. Lewis a lovely boy in his tenth year and only son of Sister Martha Ann Lewis January 9th 1890 also his younger sister. Amy in her eighth year. Abo January 21st, 1 80 y, Joseph P. Skidmor seven years old, son of our good,' kind Bishop. The parents and families have the sympathy entire 'wfiiie of our as aa Association tenderness wardi feelings cannot be expressed in Words, - ? cf-th- e . i 