70 children: let us teach them from their infancy to obey the requirements of the Gcspel, and it will be a great benefit to them. JSister ConsteuaPoulsen gave a report of the Primary Association of Sanford, said there wa9 afair attendance and she knew preit benefits were being derived by those' who . attended. Counselor Marv "Jensen exnressed her satisfaction at hearing the reports of the sisters, spoke 01 the privileges we. had m going to -meeting and to do good, making our duties' a labor oi love, and exhorted the sisters to come to meeting and cultivate a sisterly and loving reeling toward each other. . counselor Mary A. .bertheisen spoke a short time and bore her testimonv to the truth of the Gospel, felt her weakness in addressing her sisters, out desired to do an the good she THE HIGIIEIl.EDUCATION OF WOMEN. v . hayfctheBrivileiiajCLfe a In:the good old days of mince pie3 and plum puddings, our great grandmothers lived, round, plump, rosy cheeked girls, very models of neatness and masters of domestic economy. But it is safe to say that not more than one in ten ever received an education higher than the commonest of common schools afforded. Hence it was but natural that to them the most important accomplishments necessary for their daughters to enter the matrimonial state were a knowledge of bread making, a pillow case full of stockings, and a stack of quilts as high as their heads. Hanny, indeed, were thev if r their sous : could. enjoy the advantage" of a lmerai education; but aside Irom the reader, the speller and the arithmetic, about the only text books for the daughters were the kneading board, the wash tub, the churn and the needle. Mothers of that day could,, moat heartily join with Lucile in saying: well-ground- -- "I am pleased to o 4 MRS. EDDY. in Logan. -- J. Grant. ' At the opening of the Agricultural College . in the Relief and Primary stake conferences. v I am pleased to see the great work the Relief do not realize the great work the sisters are doing, and those who find the most fault with those works and the tithing are those who do ' T. ll J. any llmmg not uo is very ineraseives. it have to combined faith with works. necessary The sisters are generally .more faithful. than thfi mp.n. find therfi wmiM mnrh hp. hpnofit- well-bein- , fore-father- We ma live without conscience, and live without heart; We may live without friends, we may live without books; But civilized men cannot live without cooks." rived by letting the sisters vote, and help in all But one extreme is likely to follow another. great works for they generally carry out what thev undertake well. "He snnkft nf th Slowly women began to awaken to the fact, endurance and joy and hope of a true L. D. and men were forced to admit, that they are Saint saying they could not be discouraged, on the possessors of minds capable of the highest acconnt culture, and that without such culture, when of their faith and testimony it is possible, they cannot fully meet the high for they knew they would be amply t purposes of God in their existence. Strange paid for all they did. Spoke of the, necessity of parents practising what they taught their that it should have taken the world five thousand and eight hundred years to come to such children if they would succeed. Stake and .. . ' m. iioju umi;ao ncic picccutuuj uuuj UUaUluiUUsiy a conclusion;neyertheless it is sustained in their respective places. In the early part of this century, as early as Relief 1804fTan academy for young ladies was opened Sjatiitical and financiaLreporta in all its branches in the Stake were in Salem, N. C, and from -- that time instituSociety read by the secretary. tions of like grade raiiltiplied quite rapidly. It ' Pres. S. S. Smith PYnrPSSPrl Viva etifiafanflrtrt was not however, until about 1857 that there ... .1 in meetiug with tne sisters on this occasion. was a college proper for them, and then, as it Lanierence .adjournecLlor tbs seemsj-iior"From Greenland's icv mountains " speaking, the work of higher education for woSinging ' Benediction by Bro. A. Fuller. men, and of the sexes, did not be- " "" Martha E. Smith Pres. until about twenty-fivgin year3 ago. Before MiRY F. Crowtuer Sec. that but few of the colleges for men would a irait them; but so rapidly did these new ideas fake root and grow in this free American soil. PRIMARY ASSOCIATIONS OF UTAH that in these few years, a goodly number of STAKE. colleges expressly forewomen have sprung up while according to the statistics of '87 and '88, ; The Primary Associations of Utah Stake are out of the 357 colleges of our land, 237 now their in- numbers being progressing nicely, - , i J creaseu continually, tfreat- interest seems to admit women, among which is Harvard, the; oldest center of intellectuaMife in our country. De taten Dy the parents in regard to the luvcuuga ui lucii uuiiui'cu auu inis gives enare admitted to not. a fp.w ni f hA more, couragement to those who have the responsi-bilit- y schoolsthey of medicine and law. V of carrying on this organization. The ambition of the enlightDuring the summer just passed. President ened mother now is to have her daughter well Annie KrSmoot and 'OtherlvTsiteCtfcYanbus associations, throughout the county holding educated, able to converse learnedly and fluently Qn any subject, and, perchance able tor meetings and instructing the officersrThe advocate the various reforms of the day, with' spirit of God prevailed in each meeting and .at sprae the gifts of the Gospel were made voice and pen. viler fingers must n with utmost-gracru and elasticity up and iuauucsi xu. instances wnere all public indown timAnnVl the bath and key board, mpa terest, with reference to meetings of the people, are her she that the had died out the" Primary children were still art of given may acquire iwi ueauuiui who pain t ana holding meetings, anxious to progress. - silk and worsted. : To accomplish all varnish, TheStake Conference was' 4ield-i- ri Ameritnk, however, it too often- - happens that the can Fork There an excellent programme was , " the ir.i e . - 1 e , '.' v 1 1 i - all-absorbin- g lily-whi- Liliie Freeze and President Annie K. Smoot. Annie K. Smoot, Stake Pres. - r; L MABVJ " Pratt, ' Stake Sec'y. - - Four "AmericanJ girls have started on a volgjUiscdverTithe Rouen, a route seldom traversed. te e -- 4bndmthiforget of a physical organism which for her highest must be kept in equipoise with mind and soul. Forgets that the highest calling of God to her may be to direct the affairs of a home, and so she is snared what. R?pn tn hor the d ru dgery of the kitchen and the h u nwl m routine of the housekeener. Wi sided training as this, we must, not wonder if well-bein- g . d d .. - 1 h " en - n . LlLyino-jindth.ejdea- , six-mo- hair-breadt- , of-th- . . 1 Irue4"" - s -- , - g To-da- y "We vpy live without mnsic, poetry and art. - ed well-bein- g 1 A s grand-daughter'- . AN ADDRE33 BY ' could. Ano3tle Heber the exclamation falls from grandma's lips as she sits down in her unkept me! will become of the kitchen "La what next generation!" But this mistake has by no means always been made, nor is it likely to be made, but seldom, with the advanced steps that are being taken by educators in the introduction of manual and industrial training, not only into our higher institutions, but into many of our public schools," which is sure to develop education. We may now in a hope for the symmetrically developed woman, a woman uut ouiy ui cuiuvaitu unuu, uruauci views, and refined tastes, but one whose fingers are skillful in the preparation of wholesome food and proper clothing, and whose conscience 'is deepened concerning the highest of the. physical as the necessary conof the mental comitant of the highest and the spiritual. we gather to witness the dedication of these wisely planned and generously equipped buildings and grounds to Utah's sons and daughters, f hank God that the religion which our brought with them across the stormy- Atlantic, was one which did then and doe3 still, thrive best under that clear light of education; and that we have a government, the child of such noble sentiments which will with generous hand plant these institutions up and down the length and breadth of these United "States. A government that recormizea that its strength i3 not in ignorance o o however well sheltered with costly and beautiful cathedrals, mosques, and temples; but in the highest education possible of its masses. I rejoice to say that here no distinctions will be made between the sexes. Here the young, lady may enter side by side vc'ith her hmihpr nnrl if Kiiffiripnt. mpntnl nrwvpr be hers, she may keep by his side, or go ahead . TT t !.l nim sue may,, unravelt llf sue. can. nere wun the mysteries of nature in her varied sciences, which shall be of untold worth in the wise care of body and home. Here she may search the unchanging truths of mathematics and Ipgic which; shall give her aecurateness, clearness, and force of thought and expression. Here she may acqmrejojthe ' languages, and by reading their varied litera- tures enrich and beautify her mother tongue. Here she may travel with the historian in all ages and and climes, be introduced to the world of today and yesterday, and gather facts irom its successes and iailure3 that shall make ,her .wise in shunning the evil, and in choosing the good, riere she may acquire that knowledge of music and art, that shall cultivate her ear for harmony, and her taste for the beautiful an ear and a taste with which-Gohas so richly endowed us all. And here, too, she .JMn to,knQwlhevariou powers and faculties of her immortal nature, her soul, and read clearly her duty to God and man in the studies of psychology and moral philosophy. To her no door is shut that is opened to her brother, unless it be that door that leads him into the practical application of his learning in the many trades and professioas which woman by nature, is not fitted to enter. On the other hand, however, a door 13 opened to her that Js not to aim; one that J eaj to the of her learning in those occupations best suited to women. In one corner of tliiw spacious building is a room which is to be set apart expressly for young ladies to learn the practical-applicatio- n , arKf coo'Og Iftjus hop? ib aLinibjByars "toxme, a3 such" departments in our colleges and aniversities increase, we shall have less call foK patent nostrums to allay the horrors of dyspe&ia. There will also be another room aevoted toearnmg how to cut and sew so that our educated ?oung lady shall not be depend se stress, fn short in its all details will be ablv taufrhthv ing one wr;o has given these things special atten- - T1 - i ent-onr-t- . he honse-kppn- 