WOMAN'S EXPONENT 1G Of the happy union Ura president of (he association. She was also-aactive teacher in the Relief Society faithfully performing " " duti to lhe last- - that should Cist ill the j. appointed -- 1rr;.ti;Atk. Afm"fl,,n,1 c;:t, lives should he extended hand in hand for the ;,rt,t flfillmt f o lftrmnan,irnnP. ' ." j MEMORIAL I a liJE n oyi . RESO LUTIONS. AND good-qualities- "XTemoriiir'of "respect to the family of Marion S." Terryy President of our Association. Whereas. Our esteemed President and fellow-laborhas, by Divine Providence, been removed from our midst NOTES AND NEWS. by the hand of death; and, Whereas, By her resrular attendance at meetings we Mim. .Tamf. ' Ditras.' under thft name of i have been able to know and appreciate her good character. , ,. ,,T, ,. r. re- "Jj-eunoo w trie accompii.snwj uray, Therefore be it resolved That we (he memher5 of.the j viewer 01 tne in ew urieans j.im&S'i.se7nvcrau y. L. M I. A. ofWilla City, deeply mourn the loss of 1 T V." Our President and tender pur sympathies to the bereaved- I4 KIKN BKKG," tlQvJl T iHADA Jf E- -J EAlfNK"T)E in lie loS5 of a dear and resPected ni0,hcr- - ! j fim11' a French noTIHEI "school, has-ji- t l iM -- -- " ( er I I Her funeral was largely attended. The principal speakers were J, E. Ellis of this place and Brother Wheelock of Mr. Pleasant. R.' N. Allred and Bishop Allred spoke of her She emigrated with her husband from many Birmingham, England in 1S50. Her memory will be cherished by a host of friends. She leaves four daughters (one daughter is far awayf and one son who cared tenderly for their afflicted mother and kind neighbors were on hand to assist day and night.. . . M. A. H. I - ! : 1 tSi1r beei made a chevalier of the Honor. , mi;l . - sorrow, iotlth, hour LelWnT bur aflnciion, we bow to the dispensation of God's t vidence in from our midst our and Pro- - j Annie TnoMAs, the sister of Julia ..Miss worthy leader, removing A n w( IJ that we hold in remembrance her sterling virtues and good qualities in discharging her duties, while we sincerely feel Thomas, who was thft founder of thesvstem esilled.Rycho:Pliyical.Culture:.ha3 been teach,. iJ!S'i: fiUAl, will ii 4i Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be sent to the family 6f the deceased, also a copy be sent to the Woman'sExroNENT for publication, and the same be placed in the minutes of the Association. S. E. Josefuson, H. E. Chandler, M. E Ward, E. J. Davis, Committee. : j in New York City, and go to London this summer to introduce the system in some I of the schools. Harriet Stanton Blatcii addressed in London on a recent parlor-meetinwith woman's suffrage, especial reference to in Some one the audience asked Wyoming. whether Wyoming was r?ot "a very insignificant Mits.. g , IN' MEMORIAM. " Mrsj PUnntr.n Tibif.h Rfnto died at American Fork, May 19th, n. t v va i'yti jyju vvu Uiiu VA v.'ji I.L1 a r . Mary Her was disease 1890. it... was larger than Great Britain and Ireland, dropsy. Shewas bom. May 1st at Warwickshire Southain, and that it promised to become One of the Vl87 England. Baptized 1848, Ann-Shfll- 1 11 & richest States of the Union. -- In England a great Sensation in educational - j has just been caused tJjr"the5u1)Iica-r,en- . tion of the mathematical tripo3 of Cambridge The success of the girl Students has been; tional honor vet won by woman has been won bv Mis Philippa Fawcett, aged twenty-two- , who is bracketed as superior to the eenior wranHer. w : ,. Previous to this thq first place occupied t ''(byliWiss Ramsay, who took the first rank in mo ciusMUiu uipua in iooif ana nas ;smce married the master ot Trinitv Uo ew.t nmhr w MMawcetl lue achle vement, two la'Iies iigure m the list of wranglers, ten are seniorptrmcs imd lOTf afra No woman tailed to pass but six men failed completely. Miss Fawcett Jsadaughter.i)f tt, the blind post- - J master-generot England, and of 51rs. Milli-ceGarret Fawcett, a leading advocate of woman suffrage, and the author of a tcxt-boo-- circles j ! - Ml ; 1 I J theate-IofIIeifryFa'wceal PRIOPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH -- AT emigrated to Utah 1852, married to James Shelky 1853 the mother of seven children iive of whom are liv- to mourn her loss. She also leaves eleven grandchild ing UNION TICKET IOFFICE; She was a loving wife and mother, and has been a fuI ,eacher "J116. R?15efi1yjinc:eJtsorganizatiorxinexample she has left a record worthy of emulation. Therefore'be it, Resolved that we, the members of the Rflief Soc5ety do deeply deplore the loss of an earnest brkerand at true friend, and' that we tender to tlie .husband and family our heartfelt sympathy, and our pray Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence . :r- MainJXrcet, Salt Lake City J. V. PARKER, ' faith-Universi- . Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt. ty. - Q-reav- ed . """"wkXW v Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be tendered to TOrandonebesenttotheU's " . Exponent, and .'. jaacfCHUll ivt pUDllCaUOnjJ. i ; ; ... . Emma Oaslr House Featherstonf7 Okpiia Robinson, k . onJMMcjiUQJiimy The Leading Retail Mary 'S. Hindley, Clarke nt Mary. American colleges. Ex - She-was -- i cM !j 1 j ; ey 0fJ-SAL- B,. Adams, Committee. I OBITUARIES. i- HANGING PORTFOLIO. -- At Jileadow, Millard 1 Take two pieces of pasteboard, the back pieces longer than the front by several incheV TSTiirtoi white back P -- trf Ptty mUhlilt cover both' pi or lace the i e3 0 f Seklt and" vvith narrow meture llm woraameatat-is-we- l oatheiront, and hang nihi rr i,i.i. ! tfT? T r ; County, Utah. May 4. 1800. Ellpn' H. B. Bennett, and daughter of GKafM om a. Bfahop "t" r 't , IStnt I Deceased' a Md died L,. f " oaTu. .. .ustW0Mse.. 'Ten - Died in Spring io M1 ( 'cnselorlS r... i ing newspapora or letter?, or any small articles. It may be made, any sizr that i3 wan ted,; " 7 M. A. Y. G. Cityanpete Co Utah, I er ffcobi g and painful iilnessTn j age., She was atfeeked with paralysis on her way home from Salt Lake City Conferenee ia List year (tS..?5 fron, tint time has been a T.Aprjl great j IN MEMORIAM. BMti. wifeof C. fttrma Special to the Ladies. ATTEASDEL'S VvTiU bo found LACES, ti-- 1 latest styles and productions in RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, TiES And an elegant assortmenf of ODS:ad C3-- 0 fr fanf'sChoolPartment H2, 114-11- 6, LadiGS 118 Misses' In- - East Temple Sir ; To the memory of Marion Shanks retry, wife" of Alexander Terry and daughter of James and' Isabella Shanks. 8he was bora July 16, 1837 at Paisley. Scotland nd die.1 tt VVii!ard ityrpnTi7iS79ola of her ae. In the year 1.8S0 she was chosen first counselor to the president of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Willed City ssWh position ,U held until Sept. i5l ; vhtn she xvas arKotaasoa -- mi , f the f frS-in,beenmany years; ia the mS: Sth broneouttoand a teacher Utterly head teacher. took School with her husband wht r feath she was Pres. of TI N FiERS CAS,WATER "&' 3TEAfis FITTERS Jprf IhohwT"" 7 country promptly awiiuuuce. uraers responded to. AasrssvBAYra.UKSS. Bar38S. SALT UZSCITT.- troio -' 1 