WOMAN'S EXPONENT, The choir fang some of freedom's song3 in a spirited manner adding much to the interest of the" meeting. The opening prayer wa3 olfo&d by Bishop Neilson, and the benediction by B. IY Textomas. The .'president wa? introduced by Mr3. Lestra Morison in a neat, and appropriate speech. ' A meeting of the Millard Co.,-W- . S. A. wa3 James DuncaDjDdvid- nd, - Duncan and Hyrum Adams. '.Mr. ..Adams, gave a humorous description of woman's fan lt3' from mother Eve pown to the present time, saying she was only; a terror to the men, but yet felt she was fully entitled to the ballot and equal political rights, with the men. He stated; that in what he had said ' he had been fishiug for a reply from tho. president, with whom he had often had .wordy tussles on the same question, but only, for ihe. purpose . of: getting her: ideas, on this subject and other political and social questions. . The president replied in a short speech,, the. little episode made the meeting lively and the in a short, but effective speech she advocated the rights of her sex, and expressed a hope that" we should obtain all we asked for. . The choir, sang and the meeting was adjourned. Prayer being offered by E. A. . only-other-speak- er, Beck-stran- - d. that for all future time the sun should shine was a favorite thought of the late Professor with warm but gentle power on the' island?, of Morris, Michigan university, that to the never sh roud i ng his rays in m is t . or ; fog; or "Absolute Eye nothing'canbe7 cummoir causing them' to beaL too strongly oa the rplaceor ugly. Qur training has. been such that favored land.. .The promise given, the s wo look'npon certain animals as awkward and cut away, and since then the sun has kept uiufuuuui, h is our training ana ttsc imicncr3 its pledge. The year around it sheds its light lof our minds and hearts that incline us to and Jife over the ."seven isles' never too those animals. To God, as the Hebrew warmer "cold, never objured by fogs or mists, despise Koheleth has Said, ''all things are. beautiful." And-tr Ex.. Him no littlest, meanest thing h always beneficent and bland. universe has a use for all thin?t despised. ...... net-wa- held at Meadow, April 30. Mrs. M. A. Y. Gfeen-halg- h presiding. 'Thc ckyr sang, and prayer was offered by II. G-- J-: ium. -- The president er journey through the gave a brief accou'' county, and eSpre: , i herself a9 being proud of the manner in which all the towns had responded to the call, for meetings, and thought that Millard would, and could, bear comparison with any other county, in the Territory, both as to number-o- f meetings held during the past eleven month3 and the number of names on the list of members. .. president,-wer- e Theother- - speakers beside-th- e Slessr-Beckstra- Y. GnEExnALdrr. z. T Prof. Henry Drummond has pointed out that it frequently happens that the poet s vision i3 more quick than the scientist's or the theologian's. And history is full of proofs of his statement, The poet's vision has been the first to . foresee many an -important discovery of v science, many a uopernican revolution in . : - Notla'IwSprluTas hard-and-fa- st bears fruit. . I suppose few of us. will keep company with Arthur fcchopenhauer when he says, "If a single real existence, even the most insignificant, were to be utterly annihila-ted,th- e whole world would necessarily perish Much less will we assent to the conwith it. ceit ; of the great j mystic, Angelus Silesius, when he says; J ; : ... "I know God cannot live an instant without me, must give up the ghes't if I she aid cease tobe." lie Yet a moment's reflection upon these statements in the light of modern science fills them with profound significance. ..ThcJittIe atom ndw so insignificant has been a power in the world since its earliest beginning. It has wielded some influence, "though ever so lowly," upon the whole world.: And perhaps at some time in its career it pivot over which the balance swayed io aid modern progress, or it may have been the straw that" broke the camel's back. Angelus Silesius was a ; . ; . -of Hale-mau-ma- u. so-clonel- of-ol- -- : --. . d y . tins-r'rf- ntni at Ci -- nrnh v . - v - rL amP contempt, when we ought to find, even here, greatuess, wisdom, and praise. The poet Chaucer saw all the beauty, tendeme? ? , and strength of human love in a common wild daisy. The psalmist saw all the glory, majesty, androyaltv .of.hia. Meiiiah in. the lily of ihe valley. Jesus saw tho working of His doctrine i portrayed witn marvelous accuracv and c car- nes3-ithe behavior of the lump of leaven which the woman took and hid in three measures of . i statement of fact are these poetic visions, but they give to science a bias that soon a Certain forms of 'enerffl; had been preparing since creation early morn, Ages ago there ruled over one of the "seven isW that now form collectively the kingdom to work powerfully through the mystics brain of Hawaii, the powerful demi god MaujL So and nerve fiber. In a sense, then j it was no conceit for him to say 'God eannot live an great was he that the island which he governed i? known today by his name, and is second in instant without me." For without him the whole past and future history of the world size and importance of them all. The island was originally but one huge peak, rising ten must have been changed, and changed in "iHouSaudieet "above: the : sea, and Pele, the utter disregard of God's fundamental law, Ihe great goddess of volcanoes, had her fiery home law of the persistence of force. Before Silesius lived the above thought was in the huge crater on its summits' To the foreshadowed by a statement in tho book of westward rose another peak, where formerly Pele had dwelt; and when; in the course of Hebrews that the, old patriarchs without us centuries, the goddess abandoned the great cannot be made perfect. So Jong as time lasts no Hie that bridged a portion of it is complete. crater on the eastern half took up her abode n All this prepares us - for that poet's vision IGlaueaf orr? Hawaii; where Tthe yct rides-oof the value of little things which Jesus had. waves of liquid fire m the incandescent lakes "the house of fire' the slow. TFake heed, sayrhehatrye despise-not-onenf these little ones." In these words is foremoving debris from the vast slopes of her former home drove back the sea, and formed, shadowed onecUhejlprofbuiidest:andLmost the low lying penninsula uniting East and beautiful truths of modern science. Do not West Maui. despise one of these little things, lor-- the 1 ittle and the great are joinjd that O even a : God cannotLseparate them. TKot a tflkea its name, saw each rdav the sun rise from but of the vast crater on the eastern sparrow falls to the ground without our Father's notice. The very hair3 of our head are summit; and he resolved like Joshua to stop it on its course. So he prepared a net all numbered. There is but one universe and it Just as the crushing of and had it carried on the shoulders of a is a universum. thousand men, and in one night spread it from a finger is at ' once reported at the brain so one peak to another, until it covered the great that the whole self suffers so, says science, is crater. Then he watched, and when the sun there is not athinj; in the universe that ..that' from therelv but every smallest thing godligainarose from out thedepths of in isolate is ; woven in the veiy web audr woof of the profound abyss he found himself entangled and its the spreading mesh. In vain he sent' his whole. Its grief, its sorrow, its joy, the hope are at once felt at the'very core of being. fiery shafts abroad; they passed through the little thing3 is to forget and deftly woven meshes without weakening them; To despise little and so at last the sun god prayed to be re ignore thi3 greatlaw.- Little momenta smiles, little favors, little deeds out of these, : leaded. builded. It Maui exacted but one condition; that was. worlds are made and character -- . - TrtiltdsophTanOBTogy - truth that makes contem pt of little things to common and so baneful in its efiects. We see in the little things only littleness, familarity, ' . j3rgaD..ie..part. '.of it; e ana it u ignorance ot a THE POET'S VISION AND TUE PHILOSOPHER'S LAW. , , ffiWATIOT SUITMYTHr o . may-havolhen-,tho 31. A. U:3 . n meal., It 13 the Jast straw thatTbreaks tho camel'a sets the great, new ship slidiur nracefulli ' down into old ocean's waiting arms. It is the -- little fox8 that spoil tho HUU II W - l,UUU.JLiU.Ll.- -. LA. J. A A fuller vine?'. Lfl L 1 LI U LA kd UI L A A. AA V - of -- contempt for small things. The. great things of lifff.wc cannot appreciate until wo cease despising the little things. One of TheT h appies t ireaks inZE hie r7oliT:L ? tyle, a ceo rd i n g to 3Ir. Gannett, i3 his favorite habit of com- - jpariiTgreatthings .withsmalh By-anef- lbrt almost divine he 13 ever and anon impressing lis with the magnitude and pivotal importance of little things. "Tire universe" lie frays, "is represented in every one of its particles. Everything in nature contains al the powers of nature." "The entire system of things gets "Every true, man a a divinity in disguise." areuires in finite caiise, a countrjjjindau spaces anu numoers ana time iuuy - to ac-- , - eomphshdus thoughU" .. ''Tlu re is no great and no smalt To the Soul that, makcth a'l.' We may accept Emerson's philosophy or not, as we will, but we must admit th6 wisdom of his teachings in regard to the little things. There was no room for contempt in a soul like Emerson's, His view was so penetrating, deep, and broad. If there is one thought above another that our larger knowledge is pressing home To us, it. is the idea of the solidarity of existence; it " is the Idea tbat-the- re : He how as as was is God present just "when Moses prayed 7 and Isaiah prophesied, as present' in the shop "today as he was in. just " . 1 t r r ti the churcn Jast aunoay, just as jpresent in tne deed as m the prayer, in the blade ot grass as in the bleed ing heart. No law is any mo re lsoIateuTrom another than 13. one laiflijj Ircm another in the. same city. All things are laced and interlaced; all are bound together in a le an, grea this as force. And force with with Bun 38un, thought grows upon us, v.e are ; more than ever impressed that in this great system of law, order, and organization, all things the little as well as the great, become ministerial in aspect. . unu As Byron hassaid; : not in myself, but-- become Portion of that arouad me, ; I live 1 And again in the same strain he .. s.iug-- : Are not the mountaiarsswaves, and skies a part" Of rae and of my soul, as I of them? 1, Big Eapidj, Mich. r : J). Curlii. . 