132 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "fast but Hepsie had never closed her eyes, d played, Thy a pall beneath hall In yonder OUR SOLDIER BOY. eo intensely wa3 she upon by what she - wrought well-belove- . had listened Two powers were warring with'her, one said "Obey your mother, go down into the waters of .baptism in the little brook that always seemed a sanctuary," the other said "do not "heed the sayings of your mother or the Elders, 'Ta brilliant future awaits you, you must' not make this sacrifice." This aDd much more the tempter whispered in her ear. When the time came ghewentwith the others-- . whobad gathered at Mrs. H'a down the hill to. the edge of the water or ice, and as she stood there all -- the time the same subtle - powers were striving with her. Two or three of the chief men of. the village came and spoke to her "Are you free-wil- l and choice?" doing this of yourjown she only replied in monysyllables and heeded not the crowd, the wind blelv fierce and whistled down through the hemlock grove above a sort of chant, it soothed her, she felt -t- he sympathy it brought, it was like a strain of rare old music.and it gave her fresh courage, seven had already been immersed and her name was called, some one took hold of her armit was one she had known and reverenced, one who had been specially kind to her, the father most of her dear friend and champion, Jane-t- he he influential man in the County-"Hepssuid come away you are but a child, you must-nmake this great sacrifice" the sentence was unfinished, Hepsie saw the Elder standing in the icy - stream r:waiting for her -- she went towards him it was but a step her heart gave a great sobthe words were pronounced-witgreat solemnity, in a moment it was over-,- the crowd dispersed, and the little band of men and women had gone up one after another when the ordinance had been performed, to the house to change clothing. Hepsie was the last and silently she returned to the house and ' ' was soon ready seated with the others for con: firmation. It had been an exciting; time, Hepsie's mother, cool and collected as she had always 8eemed,hairbeen"very waver and It' thelast mome refuse as some others had done after having come prepared to go into the. water. Hepsie did not at all comprehend the situation she the obstacles that would had no conception beset her path moro and more from this time forward. . 'I'm a Soldier!", cried our four . Thy . And he looked a hero every inch, As good as our land can afford; rocking-horse- , On his prancing "Fire-fly- " With his wooden gun, and sword. . '; . " .; e ' Speaking of something they wanted, one Asked How shall we get it now?" "Why pray for itl'Vour soldier said, "Ask the Lord for it that's howl" , - . Wise little Soldier and brave, is not 0 .The People's Party strong, With hundreds and thousands such who know. To which party they belong? To SHARPS AND FLATS. ONE WORD. ' - . "ftithee, a ballad," exclaimed the knight- "Prowess, adventure, and faith unite." ' ,. "An ode to freedom," the patriot cried - '' 1 "Liberty won and wrong defied.". - r - v t.. 55 ' N, W Kimball, President. : Address: Secretary. Temple St. . ;7S" :i MISCELLANEOUS. God's mills grind slow but sure. : "-And , Siort. ; -- time enough for courtsey. Emerson. Act well at the moment and you wiU have all - eternity. performed a good action to . not unvanity-mu- st Those -- who -mortification. reasonably expect to die of Mrs. Ellis. " it that well so hardly truth loves Nature is to nature Conceit ever admits of flourishing. iti3 uot onlyneea- ia t.vheiiutv ita 1 ope. less.but impairs what it would improve. rKmenta nf nnnratulation arebutalways pen, kindly taken, and cost one nothingas them draughts ink, and paper. I coupler the exchange is alupon good breeding, where favor of the drawer. ways greatly in " Chesterfield. Conscience is too great a power in the nature of man to be altogether subdued; it may for a time be repressed and kept dormant but there are in human life which awaken flashes on the : it and when once re-- a wakened it Uva-on .;, . -- Since, cobbler thou dost speak 1 Of one thou lavest well, Lllear oi that king what grievous thing. This very morn ISefelL Whjlst round thy homely ben?!j George Herbert " When Greeks joined Greeks .... of war Nathaniel Lee. Life is not so short but that there is always Lavater. r toil my life away! And see my,little boy , To what estate he's born! Why, when I die, no hoard leave I But poverty and scorn. AnAtAouhast done it all I might have been a king ruled In state, but for thy hate, Thou base, perfidious thing! I 4 From the lights below to the lights above, And wrote the one-wo- rd poem Love Blackwood's Magaxintf M.. : e The swift years spoke, the poet heard, "Your poem writ in a single word." , brought'st Unto a mother's breast; I was the wretched child Was fetched that dismal morn 'Twas better die than be (as I) life of misery born! And hadst thou borne, me on StiOl ferthcr hp the town.-- ; A king I'd be of high degree, 1 And wear a golden crown! For yonderJives-thprince Was brought that self same day; 1 "Nay, all too long,' said the busy age, ."Write me a line instead of a page." ' Sarah tellest of the time When, wheeling from the west, This hut thou sought 'st and one thou "Sing me a lyric," the maiden sighed Lark-not- e waking the; morning wide" He looked in ihe maiden's glowing eyes, A moment glanced at the starlit skies, 1 ; ou BY WALTER BRUCE, "Frame me a sonnet," the artist prayed "PoweraTnd'passion in harmony played.' Vie Territory: It is especially "desired that you send, imof mediately, a report stating the number rl the work, accomplished during x UV.1 - " . able be our that may delegates the past year: , . vt..: 11 vuuvcuuuu to Earae ine nauuuai to report ttie . to be held in WashiDgton" next month. -- Storkl Cobbler.-Th- "Give me a drama."; the scholar asked "The inner world in the outer masked." all Organized Suffragists Throughout . , "Victory, valor, and glory wed.' - Full fifty years I've dwelt Upon this honest tree. And long ago (as people know!) 1 brought thy father thee. What hail hath chilled thy heart That thou shouldst bid me go? Speak out, I pray then I'll away, Since thou commandest so. - - - I am j ustly wroth, For thou hast' wronged me sore; TTTheTisii tmtttee that shelters thee-Sha- ll shelter thee no morel Stork. Eugene Fi eld. To ORGANIZED 'SUFFRAGISTS. -- " . London, December, 1889. LULA. Cobbler. - . the darling, o'er and o'er, Who shall measure our hopes and joys? God keep them honest and brave and true, Our People's Soldier Boys! COBBLER AND STORK. - ' We kissed ! Good neighbors we must always be, So make thy home o'er head. I would not change my bench Foe any monarch's throne, Nor sacrifice at any price My darling and my ownl Stork! on my roof tree bide, That, seeing thee anear, I'll thankful be God sent by thee Me and my darling here! " ; "Write me an epic," the warrior said rN ay, stork! . thou shalt remain, I mean not what I said; Cobbler. At eve, as the children's bed-timcame, off their were shoes, taking They When we heard expressed some farther Bints Of our little soldier's views. h ''"' , out-loo- . Was rosy with delight, But 'neath that pall in yonder hall The little face is white; Whilst by a merry voice Thy soul is filled with cheer,. Anotherwecps for one that sleeps AU mute and cold One father hath his hope, '"""And-one- ' is childless now; Ile wears a crown and rules a town : Only a cobbler thou! lot Wouldst thou exchange thy At price of such a woe? I'll nest no more above thy door, But, as thou bidd'st me go. " For there's now and then a man we meet, k .Who deems the dim. And scarcely feels prepared to say, . face 's anear;l; . Which side is the side for him. well-beloved- -- A feeling of gratitude comes to us, - : As we think o'er our rights and wrongs, That our infant soldier knows so well. To which party he belongs. - ot A little one was laid; -- d; "A soldier! don't you see? , I belong to the People's Party, though, That is the side for me." . ie year-ol- - - con-iectur- es nlBinwllliJ&lbhorrojs and a future yWbie. ruler judgment. )m 