WOMAN'S EXPONENT ONE MORE GONE. was Bent for, and while the court waited, the mother strained the child to her heart and cubbed out - in her grief such disconnected sentences a?, ''They shall not take him from rac! I will go to jail first! He Jj, my Jtfbj! I suffered for hira, and now they would steal him from me!" TIiq child aigo sobbed, and there were Tery few dry eyes in the court room. When help arrived nuother vain attempt was made to wrench the boy from his mother's arms, and again the officers had to desist: Judge Lawbr tried to induce Mr. Clarke to give up the child peaceably She refused, however, and aain the deputy-sherifobeying the judge's-orde- r, seized i as he hastily left the court-roothe distracted woman, and while two of them, held her tightly, ft third person seized the Ecreaming boy and bore him from the room. 'My baby -- oh, my baby!" shrieked Mrs. Clarke, hysterically, as she fell from the . Hie rrcsident of the Relief Society of Woodland Ward departed this life Tuesday May 20, 1890, aged forty one years,'nd having presided eleven years over the Society. its flight to realm! Yes, one more bright spirit above, as a flower that has been cut down before its ime so has pur beloved sister been snatched away from us by the cruel hand of the destroyer. A good kind mother, sister and friend she has proven herself to le and as the President of the Relief Society of s this ward honored ancji respected, but she has been called to dwell in a higher sphere, there to await in great glory, in the mansions ollhe blest, the coming of her loved ones and friends . Sister Turnbow was possessed of a firm, resolute will, and a dauntless spirit, ever in the defence of right; and she seemed at all times to act according to the dictates of her conscience. The true dignity of womanhood characterized her every action. has-take- heart re ndinsr cry wa3 Tittered, but it fell" on ears that were deaf to her supplications. h"e but sobbed and moaned as though her heart was broken. Those about the court room withdrew and left her alone with her friends and her grief. She was finally suthcicnlly calmed to permit her parents to lead her from the court-rooand started towards home. m - Cecilia C. Kirk, Sec. S. L. City, May 23, 1890. Pli At the biddinc of our tfathei in heaven that noble spirit officerWm to be pacified n So may the friends she left behind, Remember always to be kind;And follow the example given, And we will surely meet in heaven. she-wa- f, For fully ten minutes the poor mother refused ' As teacher in the Sunday School, Oh! how we loved bcr Golden rule; The kind instructions that were given, Were deeply prized as if from heaven. j yond. We may shed many bitter.blinding tears.but all have this consolation, that our sister who has just left us was worthy to go and abide with those behind the vail, and that if w labor diligently pressing ever onward and upward in the path of righteousness and truth we will meet her again. To the bereaved husband, sons and daughters, we would say, may God bless you, and strengthen you in this you hour of dark trial and woe, and may you be enabled to see His band in all things, that you may be brave and live in such a way that you may meet the pure spirit of the departed one when your .earthly sorrows and troubles are at an end, and may you be enabled to see God's wisdom and acknowledge 11 is hand and His ruling in all things. Sarah Reid, Ass't Sec. .. ; In behalf of the Relief ON SALE 7 - - i PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH -- WEDDING ANNIVERSARIES. We print herewith what is pronounced by 1 - ..it. - 'l it- - .11! i goou auinumy me correct weuuing anniversa- J. - Third yearLeather wedding. Fifth year Wooden wedding. Seventh year Woolen wedding. Tenth year Tin wedding. Twelfth year Silk wedding. But trust him for his grace, Behind a frowning Providence He hides a smiling face.'' Fifteenth year Crystal wedding. Twentieth year China wedding,l;,i - , , ., aOM ; 2W0ao432lasl-lsHoiilliSf.- - . Twrenty-fift- l Thirtieth year Pearl wedding. Fortieih year Ruby wedding. Fiftieth year Golden wedding. year Diamond wedding. . - ". NOTES AND NEWS. A Japanese princess is in Berlin studying the management of hospitalsand Baritable lUSUtUUOnS. I; LiltJn WniTiNO, formerly literarv editor of the jJoston Traveller, hasbecome-th- e : :editor orthelJostonfcundayJ?u(fct Ml33 Msss Kat Kane, of Chicago, was admitted to practice before the in Court this Supremo Washington week, on motion of ftobert U. Ingersoll. Miss Kane is tne eigatt woman lawyer to add her name ith9barof US to the supreme Court list. Miss Harriet IIosMKR,inaztalk3efore the Fortnigitly-liub6- r Chicago, May 16th announced jhat she will present to. the Art Institute o Chicago her cast of the clasped hands of Mr. and Mrs Browning, with their autographs.! This rare work of art was cast in M133 Hospsr's studio at: "aeo and is a valuable mementoRoWjears ;.I . 1 ueauiy ana suggestiveness. It is Talued-al- so beeause of the allusion made to it in Haw thorne's "Marble Faun," aud hocau is not a duplicate in existence. Casli Housed who departed this life May n, 1890, aged 64 years 8 months and 16 days, cause of death paralysis. She passed away jat the residence of her daughter Calls Fort, Box Elder Co., where she was visiting a short time. She was an active member of our Society since its organization, and Counselor Xa the same for ten years being released but a few months since by her request on ac - tyrant of iU healths" : 7 . Whereas, it has pleased our Heavenly Father to rail tromour mii5t4Dytne jiand of death, our beloved sister ana mena, resolvedThaT --Therefore-heit weleognheln ih ------- Win, v-- tation. Resolved that we extend our heartfelt svmna,w fiot.the'desceased and with them aclcnoedgc an Almighty and just God in ourbaeavemU---- -. -Resohredlhar these resdmions be renM . . eReHefSetyand S Exponekt, andthat a coPy of the a family of iw. "Ta the deceased. AT TEAS DEL tt .n? of our sister, the loss of a wise counselor and colaborer m the Relief Society. ' Resokedthat we esteem ber goodness. complaining, endurance a an r..si. ot our imi- - it Special to the Ladies. , t0 Will be found -- y- 3 " " latest stylos and pxodactions . in RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, xx,o, vjuvjc, rAKASOLg. RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES A4 an elegant assortmenf 0 D R, IT fanSoe1116111 O- - O O X) t0 H2, 114, 116, Mis Sand; In m EasCTemple Sir Respectfully, A. A hnw t' The Leading Retail lVefthe sisters of the Relief Society of the Fourth Ward S. L. Gty, unanimously adopt the following resolutions: To the memory of our esteemed Sister Jane S. Smith. -- T SALT LAKE CITy. IN MEMORIAM. Our happiness ih this world depends on tho affection we are able to inspire Duchesse de Praalicr. V. PARKER, Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt. ' "His purposes will ripen fast...Unfolding every hour ' The bud may have a bitter taste But sweet will be the flower.".., - , h aty. "Judge not the Lord by feeble sense Cotton wedding. Second H" year Paper wedding. 1.1 Main Sired, Salt Lake Society. First year Seventy-fift- TICKET IOFFICE, . ries: v UNION M. A. Hadley, Weiler, c C Kirk. Sister Jane has gone to rest. To mingle with the pure and oubii rXlD: TAlB3 TIMMERS CASAVATER CO. d5 &TEAM FITTER) blest; Jesus arms" asieepjn . the corntry promptly reSDondP,i in. , : 