WOM ICQ o of. them are won over? may be a few" Heaven tnrtid! there r- A N'S EX'PONKNT. ecconii tney re- .. .. to tho it!" nest vote present, ecu veil 'every courtesy npssible,ati! were treated wen uy an. .. ones, but their fo a down-fall- 1 from t!ic path and, from Pres. Kimball reiterated the former speaker's heaven's swerved allured or -:iteht, when path wfticrT is" straight and narrow." VeTto e remarks as well as adding" that the decree of God ' was that man' arid woman should be firm and steadfast and hold out to the endthere ' is a crown of glory laid op for such in the eternal equal. ' over come- what is 'Thought'Jtb y mansions of our great Redeemer, " s vot- But if we would obtain salvation 'at the hands termed the 'principal objection to woman s of bur Father; we are not free' to sin; there is a jing by requiring ascertain 'qualification in r--' order-tvotesuch as requesting every woman penalty attached to it that1 'no one Can escape'.' -; to be able to read "and write. 7 "The wages of sin is death," ancl "the way of tlie Several interesting anecdotes were related. transgressor is hard." Peace and joy come from .E. 8. Barney next read a. paper on ;the doing right. The world cnanot give it nor" take ' t .I)r. rsubject of jbuurage. it away. Oh, that mywarning voici7couldf each Mrs. E. S. Kichards expressed herself as le: those who have strayed from the fold of Christ. the cause. ,7 . . The truth of the everlasting Gospel thitjou have ring encouraged in tendered the RelegaA vote , of thanks was turned away from, the ancient Saints laid down tion, Meeting adjourned Sine die. their lives for, and counted all things but drbss that they rmght obtain 'eternal - Ufa in ihe king. dom of heaven,' and they testified of 'wnat: we MY SUBJECT IS SUFFKAGE. now enjoy, the fulness of the everlasting' Gospel thatwouldbe restored hgafn in the last days.", - An 'article read at the Suf&age- meeting That' the kingdom would be set tip, 'and' all held iii tho SociaL Hall, Salt i Lake City, on nations would be gathered into it. And men would f have to be called as was Aaron, that no man Monday Feb. 10, 1890, by Dr. Elvira- S. ;. V.could take this honor to: himself." TbY j Barney.,.;; Ihe.deUnjtiou of is, "The human MelcMsedec and Aaronic priesthood jsnbw' d raco; collectively, man aritl woman.". , The upon the Eklers cf the Church jjf Xa'ttejji i Sacred Book says, "They became one flesh." And they have the authority'io day Saints. JLhe farae booi; says, "Manis not without the teach sound doctrine. The same that Paul told : Woman is the counter T v t woman 111 Christ. Titus to preach. V part of man.. They each make the .happy ' Ch7ihi.,, gut apeak thou the things which be ; wnoie. !" 3 : comc'sound doctrine:. :;vV . No structure is complete1 without its' parts, 2. That the aged men be sober, grave, tefn-Z- ll The; roofof a house -- isldepehdentvupon its ::: sound in rin.faith'n :i: perate, charity, patience. supports,"it covers the struictUi:r:X ioun The women that be aged in '3. likewise; they lion is ine oeinning 01 tne wnoie.. -behavior ras becometb holiness, not ialse" ac- Bight when aijbyed ' gives tone to; society7 cusers, not given to much wine teachers'of and to the heart a welcome sound, and is as good ' ' music to a cultivated ear; this makes heaven; things. '" b :' ' and the opposite brings discord.'' 4. That they may teach the young women to be sober to love their husbands, to' love; their 'child-- , 'It Is not a" rational; thought; that will not . accord to ouriieighbor, the' same right we ask v rcn' .;;.;, ;. lor' ourselves."" :,'r;'.:y 5. ; To be discreetdiaste.keepers at home.good:' we If obedient to their own husbands, that the word of require lumps of ice, to a?suase our .' God be not blasphemed, burningthirst, to w r' weak-minde- d , 6f-rectitu- ' ' - ' . - - ; 1 ! - . o , . ; - ' ? - ? . - - ; - ; : con-fere- r " " J ' '. - 1 -- ' v , ; - ; " '.y: Z:...-Jj.--..- Why do I eay 'similar? Uasnpt our past experience proven it thy 9? Did hot" we' after seventeen years of franchise.havo jt stolen from, us? Que3tionfc Who, or what, caused It was men dacity. Ydu may say .this 13 very strong laua'e.'r'YeiiBO itis; But if we cannot catch a thief, shourdwe" be cen sured for saying thief,' when a 'value' is taken without remuneration? ":""V it: ?:;; . m;:;,j A very wise man once explained tho virtue' of union by taking some little sticks, separately he broke them, but by tying a bundle of Uhcm" together, -- heLshawedthey.i:were broken. In the past woman has been'curtailed, ?ncJer lowers have been weak; bnt; her cumbers are increasing, and ou.the face ;Of; her dispute- - ut-thu- r ,;,.;. ..... minded. Paul must have been a believer in hierarchy to be teaching in sacred things. And to think that brother Paul dare' to assert that' in Abraham all the nations of the earthlshouldbe blHse alnd'le a polygamist, had four wives. it fs rather doubR ful whether our at the highest court at Washington and all ' Others ' who have so loud against it, will accept a blessing from "Abraham or have any "desire to go to his bosom, and less so, if his four wives are there; he also had the gospel preached to himhe'rmust" have received it as he was a preacher of righteousness. There is quite a similarity, between ' Abraham and the Latter-daSaints. . law-make- rs like relief. ' .7:;,:!V''-:;;';t.T.l;- -;' If man has become crippled through unforeseen powers, and woman is strong, she should use:! herpo wera aid him on:i until he has crossed the chasm.---- ! hen, the case should " be reversedi and it he 13 strong, and she is physi- cally weak, God made it so; and he should giye " show, herr.fitrength.t 1 have.heard.rthe word JeminiQe.usedame- : d 4 y Mauv Ann S alt Lake City,-Feb- , 21 M. stri 890 Pratt. -- W. S. A. OE UTAH. Minutes of the regular "meeting of the W. 8. A. of Utah held March 10, 1890, in the Social Pres. Sarali M. Ki mball iu the chai rT . Hall. Prayer by Mrs. Mary A. Freeze. Mrs. E; Itichirda" then presented the- 'petition which had been prepared for . Ilia Excellency the Governor and the Honorable Members of the Legislature; in which the Association asks that Mrs. Nellie Little and Mrs- - M'IIlOTrie-'be-- . wra& members of thd Boar : ;'': ;";u:'-- ' University of Deseret. Y. Dougall, cne of tho Delegates id Sirs, the National-American' Woman Suffrage ciation at Washington, reported a very favor- able, successful, and profitable trip through- -- - " it ratfheje A noble man will never draw a line of; de marcation between himself and .his. wife, for she js his owu.choo3ing,.and is his' partuer in lie, ancl the, mother otrvhi3 child ren,,his com. fort in "night jreamsjind the solace of hii . If-th- ey f-crimes disV-rac- c r , they act the part1 of a woman1 awhile"' and tifrri the wash machine five or. dx hours, or carry a twenty pound baby over A long road 'to market and backi as inotherV have 'done. ' Ah' for such nd ! the babe would soon be hUrrledlvHhrWii into a3 "they, and would arms the mothers again, saying, -l- ake your. the rugged; child ana nourisnvana-ascen- d are VVho luthers the oKtherrace,:it it JM is only the mothers that should nourish and carry, the child? Give her suffrage then, if she muit act the part of father, as "well ai'be "the mother of men. ."';V.T . Suppose weleave; those barbarous cnesr and speak of our noble friends, those are they, that defend, and alwaya come to the aid,jind help carry the burdens, and sorrows of.womam Wo inai we areproua to gay . ... ciaim - . , . oy- . acscent,tms f j, !;''. , cares. ; Suppose man, because he has the power, to pluck a rose from the stem, or bush that gave it birthVaud from, which it is nourished and f the burning desert it sand, leaving 'powerless' to' survive beneath the rays of the scorching sun, and thu3 it ' s .'' : ' - - 1 : 1 Abraham pronounced; npon him by the Father of tho'universe, "that he. should be a father of a nation, numerous as the Yit twhntr fiinr 3 tho cp shAro"' MiritiT Gdncsii Numbers,1 excellence, valor, virtues, &c. xvni Chap; 1 8&19 vers.7 'Also ihe Lonlaid, "I knovv he will command :hia children after him," Hence, thei virtue that ' exist3? today. -- as y t tt.l 1 1 J : a. L i . at Je ; r - - untiljhejulerso cate themselves . : , W 23. I 1 I 1 i.-- . ; harGivsV Today are thousands of motlrersof childre'u; widows or worse, wives of 'wicked;'- - drnnkon dabauched libertiaes, and' if thev are :tdo u- toxuased to stand, they lean upon their neigh--bo- r while; thejcan ''Legallyl'.cast,' their vote; tor similar man as themselves, as a ruler over mau and woman, for which act law does not - v : ill not - ?. be Umgi frpmii their entanglerpents through the rapid growth 'of dishonor,, suffer ing, 8inndirime;whicli uttoc:4& uuuciujusu.iu ii xaigt; pitxc Ot UulOcrcu that man kind does not include worn an ; reverse; ... not he has been absolute legally power given to deprive iber dfi auyAiniversal ri2ht,Be- ligiously,' Politically, or Doinesticallv. ? her lf powers are small and pun v. whv .fet ter the Oittlo hhe Suffragei . ihe lhat Why may help modify ; existing : wide..'' : .i Su ppose I predict, that it , i3ilhtL;lNd:man: heeditry talmakehimselfV DeJ leve - - edhouldastiupon rr arm? in the land under the name of Suflrage, and in this group you'll-finAbrahatifs blood cours ing through- their Veins, Hence the great ap- peal for- right, and objections to wrong. i By fiCltfltinn nnrl irroof tnil ronmnr'a rrtirn ia nJ ing heard and Suffrage ia spreading .beyond our governmental areas; .it is ialmdJtlw.Qrld'' 5a JWreat- d ' i ' -- be-'tdohea- to protect, and she is becomint? 4 , -- -o- 1 ! - times when, the opposite eex desired.toxpress will onljead the;cata-- 4 weakness. tcxlay, -- thev can rsee. there. lofjue chronicled mare than weakness, a- - .uerano:ed misguided, besotted, muscular brain'. Should J' say feminine licreT''Nblto CThe.T application' " " ' the word. here ' would be a ' ma- The muscular portion of the 'race, the ' iority of them, are" dHftibfjr rapidly into the 1 pro-claime- -- : just measures she will soon m-ght- . s? ' It-w- 1 -- -- country;: itijinQtxmlyyunsightlytu woven, matted" together, and before thevood- man s ax can be annlied to the larger, rrrowth. he finds he must clear it awav.1'' seta' 'him-- : self about it, but he h'finds'he is los 'Hi head becohies bewilderecl and he cries for hel-He has waited too Ion? and instead of aririlv- ing the brakes to thir pdwiullocombtiveh me luei. ne now sees nis this-tak"r atijiwu. and beholds his dilemma.- - If disruption should take place; then terrible th e ' confusion f ana ne is on the brink, and is: momentaniy preserved by a hair'g breadth spaceO-- O. 1 ?a7. suppose I predict that which - was $6 unpopular a short time before will be sought v e, "I 