WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 131 HEPHZIBAH. you have broken the engagement so sacred almost two, you will not even see her, although XIV. frightens one with its shining armor looking you came to see me because yo.u knew 1 like a hall. of ghouls as the bright figures stand would :be inL her Confidence, and you certainly must - A winter . staring with empty sockc.ts but we needs wind and the cold and shrill, dty, do not want the letters: Lucy has the same "enter here just to .'see the armor worn by ' The snow was falling, when a little band, ... idias of propriety in all things she had before Martin Luther when he returned from Worms Came slowly winding down a gentle hill, her baptism and she does not think it proper and was Jed to this castle by his friend the And by an jcebound brook in groups they stand. for a young man, who is uot her friend even Elector, Frederick the Wise. Our interest is Hepsie. Hathaway needed repose after the to have letters written when they were,under now turned towards that part of the castle made examination which had been very trying to promise of marriage to each other.' ..famous, and we might add sacred,by the presone so sensitive to influences, but events were Henry was' silent and almost sorrowful ence of the great reformer, with only a passing -- hearted she dreamed little and little -- Hepsie nearly relented " fender fast upon her glance we enter and leave the Elizabeth Gallery, crowding - rooms, stop-- : what changes -- the -- next :fewmdnths- - would- - but she summoned up conrage and continued7" the Remenate, as she saw he made rno attempt to speak. briner-iher life. ping awhile in the Reformation rooms to look or two after the school had closed,A day "Henry do you thiuk it right to keep a .at the pictu res telling - with; their shades' and v. .1 i' t r i a;. MISS Anurews me preceptress taneu uu uauo colors the different incidents in Luther's life, young lady's letters," loveletterst66, under " until, finally we reach , a little room, where her favorite pupil good bye. it was a sad such circumstances have the, . goodness to tor Hepsie, for although Miss answer; aud besides do you feal that you have for the moment one almost believes Luther leave-takinhimself is there, so well preserved are all the Andrews assured her she wonld return sometime been manly in summarily breaking this engagefurnishings, there is liis desk, his chair, his Hepsie felt she should never see her dear ment because of a difference in belief? Yuri . drinking cup, his book case, his portrait and teacher, again,, and could not refrain" from will never get Lucy 's equal go where you will" his letters. Here in thi3 very room at this telling her so in the most impulsive way; she and I don't believe 7011 will ever be banny . w ii little carved table he sat and worked for gave the girl many parting instructions telling euner. -nearly a year at his Bible Translation. What - what she should expect of- her in the next" few 7 Slowly and evidently somewhat affected a wondrous work that year produced, a work years: and finished by saying "you will far sur with the scene Henry rose to go and holding hear from in me Let a literary way. to last forever and carry with it through '.the pass me out his hand "to Hepsie said "Lucy ha3 a to meet so never Luther. friend in you Hepsie and I admire your they parted ages the name of Martin you by letter,"and The close attentions of the guide in this again. but look out the "Mormons," don't "grit" On the following Monday Hepsie" was at room were rather annoying, he appeared to be capture you too." "But the letters Henrv?". -home with her mother and little brothers and She shall have them Hepsie and mine ' ; watching us, but I did not, wonder later, when looking closely at the furniture I observed that sisters. Mrs. H was so happy in "her new added," she may burn' "Good-by- e Hephzibah bt of had been else talked small out she it . faith that found fuf don't five vour fnr un apnra bright, split nothing many pieces v uvui;ut DD j In fact it was tha topic of conversation remember I warn parently with a pen knife and the guide told you." us, tourists had done this. What sacrilege to How was it that every one. who , came to throughout the whole village. Olgjahd joung mar and ruin beautiful relics for the sake" of "and lere long forty or "more had been baptized. see Hepsie warned her to beware of the faith On cabinet. the a little ot was and the A Church branch enriching her mother, had accepted, it was so contrary private organized void is is a large poT wall of plaster, it ihe regular meetings were held. Many striking to all the teachings of her where Luther under an hallucination instances of the gift of healing had been mani place were instructed to give heedjo the advice of fancied the devil was trying to stop his work fested, dnd great interest aroused upon that parents to follow their example,;' now things i and threw his ink bottle at him. Visitors particular point of doctrine. seeifled to have suddenly changed To day have scraped every particle of The Elder of whom Mrs. H. had writen to when Henry plead with Hepsie not to yield plaster from the wall, we suggested the idea of Hepsie had visited B. and returned to Boston up her bright future,- her emotions were replastering and throwing ariother ink stand but was expected again shortly and Lucy aroused and her sense of honor as she thought on it for the benefit of tourists, crazy for Reynolds as well as Hepsie s mother and impeached... She felt her mother who had Others felt sure she" would be converted under stood so high ia the estimation of all must Looking from the sou tli tower. is a charming his teaching. Hepsie listened to them but did not know as much or more of rierht and wron?. view of the Thuringian Forest and I longed to enter into their enthusiasm on the subject as trulLand . error 'as- - Hen learertrre higbrrlark ailr of hlTold TasfcTe: ner moiner naa anucipaiea. one exnortea ner, most despised him for his lack of couracre in civ- and penetrate into the shades of that forest the wept over her, prayed for her and still made ing Lucy up. She began to wonder what sort of home and heart of romance. -- The old. songs no perceptible impression. men ana. women conposed society and whether and legends seemed to echo down the glens it was all false a mere Eham without honest ' Lucy Reynolds had confided in Hepsie conand as the setting sun - cast its bright rays cernmg the matter of obtaining her letters from fouudations, to stand upon; she recalled the among the shimmering leaves, and along the Henry "and the girl had promised to use every days when she sat on the "old settle" by her . fancied stream I of to and elves effort honorable themThe grandfather, and his tales of darin? courage rippling fairy sprites get possession were sporting among the long graceful ferns, opportunity came, Henry learning from bis and how love over came all and for a moment Theshadows of the tall dark pines lay plain sisters that Hepsie had gone home, he paid she felt as the foundation stones upOD and distinct upon the verdant hills- and"" the a visit4 to the village to find out how Lucy was which her though theories had been built were rnvic? approaching twilight lent a dreamy charm to and how affairs were for he had heard;a way. Yet in this even her trouble was more the forest walk. rumor that Mr. W. just graduated was going for her friend than hfirsplf ftlthnnorh she We descended from the main road down : a to marry Lucy and take her out West among could now plainly see that unless she received the faith her mother had embraced separation winding path over stones and bushes, into a the Mormons. He called on Hepsie to ascerwooded ravine called the Annathal or Anna tain whether these reports were true. It was was sure to come. Sometimes Fate 'or an unknown nower decidd Valley, where we entered a" narrow cleft or just what Hepsie wanted, to see him and talk with him and if possible secure the letters. for us peremptorily matters over which we gorge. On either side the high precipitous rocks were clothed with a more luxuriant how he she could have hesitate and so it wa3 with inquired During his call Hepsie. Km 1 mosses than He -ferns and of I had ever easily-growth replied "Hepsie" since she had returned from the, school "her dreamed of, and the water trickled down the i lOVeu juuug iui v uv toucu her wifH the mm uerj oeiier mother had sought to Imnrpss VVi sides and flowed under our feet jnakin so than I ever shall love again, but I could u ot truths of the Gospel, and on the other hand clear and loud a sound, that I surely thought think of associating with a girl, who had no messages were being cou tin uously sent her, aDd on we tne crust oi eartu wnicn walked would more respect for herself than to join such a low friends urgins: her not to be baDtized by a . """"" - break, and force us into a raging river. For" degraded et"as;tlie-Monnpnsr-walked threugh-thi- s . a hundred: and fifty yards-w- e One Sunday Mornincr Elder Src'G. walked "Well but suppose your sisters were to be home then and once more reached fairy converted to the new religion?" said Hepsie. into the meeting unexpectedly and was invited the main road and turned our steps towards "I would disown them or to speak it was in the house..of one of the' my mother eitherl" the city. The forest shades were growing was this the felt moment and she pro.' mem hers" whnsp fftfn)xr hot oil hnnn nnx'trtod. darker and denser every moment and not Hepsie,to the budget, 'Henry as you so The Sermbn Was an P.lnmiPnf and rational aa v '.'in a ni until the bright light of the city welcomed us peeded open j iuvj"i'.v thoroughly despise the Mormons and all that one, such as Hepsie had never heard, and the back could I throw aside the dreamy fancto them you certainly do not care to entire congregation were almost electrified. iful; feelings that the whispering leaves pertains don't understand Several people came forward "after meeting thing of theirs? and murmuring waters had imparted , to me. keep Lany had never anything belonging to one and asked for bantism. and nfW some "con you The day was done. . ot tnem neither would XI "liutyou have Henry sultation it was decided the ice should - be cut AnsieW Cannon. I can prove it to you and moieover I want in Mrs. HatbawavV brook and the ceremony ' you to promise to give them to me." "Give performed there. The evening: was spent in you what I have not, of ever had impossibkl!,H neanng explanations of doctrine - from hiaei None4)utthebraveeekvethe fairTJohir xv y Mc'G. and it was late when; the company of iiupuajuic nuu 11 is quite WUe ; r" Lyrden. is Mormon a and Lucy you have her letters, inquirers dispersed. The morning dawned & The armory many, were held. to--yo- u -- - u . -- m : .1- . - g . " -- ; - r- ATm-mrm?- ? -- -- -- . . life-time,childr- ink-staine- d - ry?&na-in;:fact'fche:ai-K- 'a . -- -giv- en-Lucy-up-so m, , Vf T : 7 T . - 'I . " ... r 1 u I i f ! 