WOMAN'S EXPONENT. The question cow is are we getting suitably clad, How fast are we putting on those adornments that .will make us. attractive ther e in that gay throng of glorified ones? All must be done here that will secure to us favor, love and' glory there. r -- without the man in the As the woman enjoyment of all these conditions that are to fill the soul with that fulness of joy that is now un speakable, a very important feature of her consist in forming no alliance with any man who wilt not make it his first, his . highest and holiest consideration tojso live as to be worthy 3f admittance there with her as partner to all that the soul may be capacitated to enjoy: dwelling in the midst of purity in the fulness of' a divine. love, and in all the glory that comes from a knowledge of God with His eternal favor. Letthe daughters of Israel be so instructed, that they will see to it, that there is no barrier, ... no obstacle in their way by reason of their own choice, that shall prevent their free entrance through the pearly gates into the' Holy City and mansion of God's eternal presence. Woman's nature is averse to the vulgarity of the vile. Hr delicate and refined nature justifies her in declining the attentions of any'man when offered in duplicity and on degrading terms. The fair daughters' of Israel may well decline indeed should refuse to listen to one whose mouth is the1 cesspool of filthy weeds, of poisonous lies "afioprofanityjX'hos;e.;heartHs- full of deceit and evil passions, devoid of love or charity, and whose tongue is full of hypocrisyWhen they will give no countenance to these prevailing and ruling passions of the man, he will forsake his vices and wickedness to gain the favor . of the fair and pure, and he will follow her back to the paradise of heavenly joys; and she may have the honor and glory of adding another gem to the bright crown of their mutual and- - eternal inheritance in love's dominion. Thus women may become nsavior's upon- mount Zion" as well as men, and justly share in the. glory of his redemptionj as well as with him the burdens and trials of life socially, politically, and religiously; all tending and resulting. to the glory of God, by and through the exaltations and j eternal life of man. 7 I . S. W. Richards. , . , . I am aware that you are deprived of the commencing at 2 p. ra. Mrs. S. M. Kimballm the Chair. Prayer by the pleasure, of rfiiendly correspondence to, a Urge Chaplain Mrs. E. B. Ee!!s minutes;. read and approved. RepoxioX jdegTee, that your burden, in many respects, is not a light one. . The recent deaths In your family Emery Co. VV. S. A. by the President Mrs. Fullmer. Mrs. E. Y. Stanford President of the your bad state of health, the continued annoyance Ogden W. S. A. gave a brief report. Mrs. Susa and cruel treatment of your people by the pious Y. Gates reported Utah Co. W. S. A. and made a advocates of what I conceive to be a false system of religion all these are well calculated to rob telling speech. Referred to the former President's death and the consequent necessity of reorganiza-you of many of the chief. pleasures of life, and take away much of the glorious sunlight of ex- tion, said they had endeavored to organize a civil -- S-,- ; is-no- t , . f - i s'terice.' those relating specially to women. -- ..' Jo?1? IP cti n gs A." djj he bj e ct? tories. Morgan, Cache, Sanpete and Sevier Counties not reported. Beaver Co. W. S. A. represented by Mrs. S. C. Maeser, said - they .had songs lectures, essays etc.r members 40. Mrs. S. S. Boyer of Springville W. S. A. reported 125 mem bers, they were studying municipal government, with other subjects. She made a glowing speech full of suggestions and pertinent with facts.- - Mrs. Zfna D. H.Toung had recently visited Nephi and gave a good report of the W. S. A. of Juab Co. Lehi W. S. A. reported by Mrs. Josephine Brown, 150 members, meetings held regularly, study of civil government with an aim to gain , . , apolitical education. v Prof. Alexander of Canada gave quite an eloquent address in which he set forth the absurdity of women publicly ridiculing men etc. Thought the ladies should strike cut in new paths, said it ;the-liolegislate-mora- ls wasrri impossible-to- r r these nome-Turhi pro must be w gressive. The Chairman Mrs. Kimball answered some objectionable points .in, his remarks in a very polite-- raannefrMrs;M;YDougall gave :ania teresting review of her trip to Washington with Mrs. Kimball, related some, pleasing incidents. Convention adjourned , ". -- me thenterF VL--;- -..- :. . W. $. an d 21s.CMSse They held They were to have a public debate on the 23rd of April, the subject "Shall woman have the franchise?" 540 members enrolled. Mrs, S;M.-- Kimball commented upon tile Common Law as it stood upon the Statute Books o many of the States that made woman the goods and chattels of herusband etc., and:the good. work. accomplished Jby. Mrs Packard before Legislatures, her success in getting this obnoxious, statute stricken out in many States and Terri - - 175 :1 f. Rachel Edwards, Sec'y. the The officers of the W. S. A. Delegates from other places and some other ladies met afterwards at Mrs. Phebe Y; BeatieV and partook of refreshments, joining in informal conversation and asking questions on the subject of suffrage , PLEASANT GROVE. ' Pleasant Grove organized a W.S. A.March 15. House called ,to order by Mrs. E. Brown, choir "sang, prayer by the Chaplain Mrs. E. Harper. Officers duly elected Mrs. F. E. Stewart, Pres. Vice Pres. Emily. H. Bullock, Secretary Mrs. L. Lund, Cor. Sec. Miss Amy Bosza, Treasurer Mrs. E, Thorn, Executive Com. appointed. A lecture . tic ; TheAdvancemenOOYo -- Ed. LETTER TO MRS. H. W. WHITNEY." '. - .'"7- - rr1 -- -r- -r Mfson, who is now in college, is a close friend and associate of therson of v Robinson, ot th e Uta h Co minis sioh a mil n w h 0 evidently is n o favorite of the "Mormon" people. And Mr. ' Robinson recently made the statement, that your r Church was a bitter enemy of the Government that all your pretense of loyalty was the most infernal hypocrisy, and that certain of ' your Church officials were hrmnd hv the most sacred oaths to iight in a.. certain,. way for the. total annihilation of tKe sacred liberties of the Ameri-ca- n people. Now, Clarence, my son asked me very particularly as to the truth of these statements, and I referred him to a certain little article I had in my possession written on the subject in question, by your venerable President Mr. Wood rulL : I cannot, I will not accept such egregious statements,, for I see nothing in your past history to indicate that you are antagonlstic to Rupuli-ca- n institutions. One does not necessarily have to be wedded to your faith to see the great that is beinj 3one trt vnur nonle But it -- has been the tendency of the Christian, as well as other religions, to persecute for opinion sake; and the present methods of persecution towards r(Mormonisrn" are no exception to the rule.' " ' vvhen I was in tne 5outn, during the late war I frequently beard Christian ministers invoke Deity to send death, destruction and unutterable ruin to the usurpers of the' North. I have also heard them recommend the members of their Church to takethe bells frornthe towers." cast -- ex-Go- -- -- 1 : with,. hLch. la -- biowla.hf 11. the souls of all Yankee tyrants.- When I came West to Indiana I listened to the .A he -- i ata-vfianno- hs same thing from the ministers here. And last destruction of your people. I can't be a Christian I can't tolerate the un- warranted persecution ot any seer, or creed 1 believe in universal, religious liberty, lind the samesacred rights for jail people, and I have no fears of the future, when the toils of a well-spe'life are ended.: My religious philosophy may be considered 'defective, but my aims and purposes In this world are to do all the good I can for my t leiiowmen, ana as mue narra. 11 you couiu icarn my business me nere irora tne poorer classes, you would accept what I say as true. I control a cash capital of $4o,yx and not a cent is in the hands of wealthy people, or speculators. It is al used to assist those who are honest and needy. I fear I have already worn out your patience, and I must bring my letter to a c!ose. We have had one of the most pleasant winters ever experienced in this latitude. To day the fields are green as inspiring. early sprirxg iime, and It I occasoon from hear to Would be pleased you 1 sionally" get copies of News znd Exponent. outself and family, remember 'peasiBrraef me to Mrs. Wells, and believe me ever your . nt -- Hays The speaker portrayed the necessity of striving; for our just rights and fitting ourselves for any sphere we might be called to occupy. Recitation "Barbara Fretchie," by Miss Clara Stewart; Essay "Woman's Work," by Mrs. Lydia Lund; speech' by Mrs. E. Brown, instrumental music by Libbie Mayhew, a lecture by Mrs..EIIa Smith, Woman's Mind Equal to Man's." A y stirring speech by Mrs. MrA." PheIps,rsong-bMiss Eva Frampton, a speech by.Mrs.M. A.i eluciWinters, replete with many truths plainly dated. A speech by Pres. Stewart in which the object, aim and purpose of the meeting was set forth. ' F. E. S. . -- U. W. S. A. CONVENTION. The Annual Convention of the W. S. A. of Utah Ten, was held in the Salt National-ltmeri-ca- a Lake Assembly Hall, Thursday April 3 T EXTRACTS. I am sure, though I failed to reply to your favor, as I should have done, you will still be lieve in rov manifestations of friendship, and that will-st- ill rConUnyeJt :yo of a true friend. My iamily, elements changeless as well as myself were exceedingly glad to get joiFphoto', and It now gndra place irrabeatiti M album, that re poses on a marble topped stand in my front parlor. 1 take great pleasure in showing it to frequent callers, and pleased to tell them it is a fair representation of a real live "Mor mon" lady, one to whom I am greatly indebted for favors'when I called at her far Western home some years ago. I accept your excuse for delay in writinsr think it a laudable one, and I deeply and enfeebled sympathize with you in your rnnrfitfon. If Inever receive another line from vauT DtTit 7siaH sii think you are my true, trust ing and devoted friend. Js-warm- and : ' friend. W. H. B. , R. S. GENERAL CONFERENCE. "The first Annual Conference of the Relief Society of all the Stakes of Zion, ,wa3 held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in thi3 City on Monday, April 7, 139 commencing at 10 a.m. Mrs. Zina D. H. YouDg presiding. On the : 