WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "TH ERE REMAINETH A REST. "Even should tby life be ifsrcatened, Dy those that, truth and justice hate; Let thy faith be still unshaken, Calmly meet the martyr's fate. What tho, bleak desolations cloud Comes o'er mo here, And being seems a troubled tide . " With sorrow near Life's fleeting dream will soon be o'er, There's rest beyond, A home upon a sinles3 shore, Where loved are gone, What tho' true friends are here- denied, And none to cheer, 'There's one above who is a friend, t J..:My-- Savior; dear, Tho' I awhile must walk alone, v, Braving life's storm, I'll trust in Him whose voice can still Its waves td calm. What tho' the night-watc- h seemeth long. And grief hold3 sway, REVIEW OF PRIMARY ASSOCIATIONS ' : WITH INSTRUCTIONS. In the year 1878, the inspiration - of the Holy Spirit suggested to the mind of Sister Aurelia S, Rogers of Farmington, Davis Co. the advisability of organizing associations for the children of the Litter Day Saints for the purpose of teaching them the. Gospel and probv4 nractical viding ODiottunitie3 for learning . O . I ' . f r . .!.!.!. il ma iaieni3 so ine?r natures anu cuuivaie and graciously 'abundantly besl61?ed'pon them by" their Creator. That in their early childhood they may learn faith in God, and a love for all that 13 good, pure and noble, and be taught to shun evil practices, and be preserved from all evil habits that tend to lead astray and destroy. This idea was suggested to that great organizer Sister Eliza R. Snow, t be friend of Women and Child ren , ' she laid the matter before President John Taylor who heartily endorsed the immediate organization of the Primary Associations throughout ; Of endless day. 1 -- L. M. Hkwlxxgs. SHALL KNOW HER AGAIN. Oh, hare you not seen on some morning in June, . When the flowers were in tears and the forests in tune, When the billows of dawn broke bright on the air. On the breast of the brightest, some star clinging there Some sentinel star, not yet ready to to wane, and watching there yet? I I How you gaied on that vision of beauty awhile; How it waved, till won, by the light of God's smile; How it passed through the portals of pearl like a bride; How it paled as it passed, and the morning star died? " Tht sky was all blushes, the earth was all bliss, Aad the prayer of our heart, "Be my ending like this." ; set-For- getting the Church. association was organized at Farm-ingto- n with Aurelia S. Rogers as president. Sister, Snow with characteristic energy and executive ability, set to work in earnest ceasing not until, similar organizations were established in all the settlements. In 1879 stake organizations were effected to superintend the labors of the local branches. And in June of 1890 the officers of the Central Board were chosen to preside over the whole, they were Louie B. Felt President, Matilda JThe first So ray beautiful May passed away from life's even; So the blush of her being was blended with heaven; So the bird of ray bosom fluttered up to the dawn A window was open my darling was gone! A .. Or in safety, home returning, Prlen$3 will meet thee, and proclaim, How you've nobly, faithful labored, This indeed is priceless fame. s - I -- 83 trant from For the angel on watch took the wanderer in. But when I shall hear the new song that she sings : " I shall know her again notwithstanding her wings, By tiose eyes full of heaven, by the fight on her hair, And the smile she wore here she will surely wear there. : B. F. Taylor. -- M. Barrett and Clara u. Cannon Counselor. Lillie T. Freeze Secretary and Minnie Felt Treasurer. ThusthV Primaries became an established feature in the Church. Great zeal and devotion; was everywhere displayed among the officers, and the children were delighted to be thus favored with little meetings of their'--owsuited to their limited capacity for receiving instructions. As a matter of course to a lack of understanding and its attendan t lack of appreciation the wore, has not received from all quarters, the support and' encouragement due so worthy a cause. Many through failure to investigate the primary - organization a3 the most insignificant, instead of the mo3t important,; being the foundation upon which our future! society in the Kingdom of God is built. : Stilt" the work despite all difficulties has slowly but steadily advanced, growing in interest and magnitude until there ia an association in every town and hamlet in Zion. To meet the growing demands for more systematic work add effectual help, an annual Officers conference will be held in Salt Lake Citji where Jhe best methods of enhancing the interest of the meetings will be discussed, suitable instructions given, and we trust ; mutual benefit received. At our last conference held in the Assembly Hallr8alt Lake City, October 5th 1890, the following suggestions were laid before the meeting which may if adopted, prove a guido to " TO A DEPARTING MISSIONARY. n M. A, Y. GREENIIALGH. Speed thee brother on thy journey, Not to seek for wealth or fame, But to distant lands benighted, o thou forth in Jesus name. . ' There has come across the waters. Sounds of pleading in the night, " ., From souls, who are ia darkness living Asking thee to bring them light. 'Tis net from the untaught heathen, Not from them the summons came. But from Christian lands they call thee, To bring the Gospel in His name.; Whether called to othr nations, Or at home thy.'work may be, But to give a cup of water, Still, not in vain thy call should be. It matters not how light the service, Or how small the task may be, If performed, in love and kindness, , A blessing It will prove I the -- Every little act of kindness, " ". . " Vettesthing"wor, others. Given to a suffering toother, At His throne will sure be heard. Coast not then thy toil a hardship, . , Ifthougoest prayerful, earnest, I . ' Teaca the cnirJreiFIa fait and pray for the sick. Teach them to repeat sentiments at roll call, and adopt the keeping of some- - good resolution for one week. "Pray often in concert it holds the attention, and accustoms them to ht ute of correct forra$ of expressions in prayer. V:' Precious souh thou rnay'st reclaim, Oa thy mission, in His name. '''";'- ; Teach practical every day life, and train them in punctuality, and u reverence for.tho Houso of God. Discourago smoking. Also discourage love songs and giving sensational recitations in meeting. All exercises should tend to develop the spiritual and moral character. Teach a reverence for the Prophet Joseph Smith, Sister Eliza R. Snow and the Holy Priesthood, Presidents of local branches, should watch the labors of the secretary, who are often young and thoughtless, aud see that reports are promptly forwarded to the Stake Secy. And always include a treasurer asalocal or Stake officer Establish a small fund for Stake expenses and every Stake is desired to send one dollar per annum, 'to defray expenses of Central Board. In order to present a truth- - '. . 1.Conference,it that complete semi; . t is necessary , 11. rn time to reach tho Secretary of the Central Board by the 15th of March and September. Always send the address of Stake Secretary and all the names of the Stake Officers. The Central Board should be notified when any changes are desired and all changes made should be reported. The programme committee7 hold a very responsible position and should be under the immediate supervision" of the president, their term of office should riot extend beyond six weeks, they should possess a record book, and carefully note every feature of work either of success or failure, so that the exact status of every child in the association may be on record for future reference. At the expiration of every term of office of this committee, they should slibmit thei r labors to the mecti ngTso that su ceeding committees may see where improvement can be made. Attach the word prepared or failed to the exercise assigned to the name of each child. This book will greatly aid the secretary,, lawmaking out. reports. Allow no length v speeches but ask many questions, and train the children to answer promptly and in good time in concert. Keep them acquainted with the names of general Church" Authorities, also local and Stake Officer.? in the primary C- work. Much thoughtful preparatory work is necessary to make all meetings and conferences successful. Presidents are fo have assistant counselors or monitors sufficient to render all aid needed. Keep a strict report of the number of boy present at aH meetings and conferences. Train the children especially boys who are backward to sing, recite, and answer questions in concert.untill they acqnire confidence in Kmfl . . tr0. m a rrh i n orr en m hi n pd Tn t rnrltifA with singingr physical exercises and various features pleasing and restful. Suppress everything tedious or wearisome, carfully avoid' monotony, make the meetings as cheerful and -- attractive a3 possible. - Hold officerslmeetins whenever practicable, pray together for wisdom, devise plans and transact all business before it i3 presented to the children. Introduce congregational singing, choir3 should only lea4 The Central Board should Use be sa3tamedUativy':-fitake..lxonferenceyour influence with the Bishopric, to have your meetings announced frequently from tho, stand, and labor diligently with parents to send their children, where they may be taught ia the-fejof,.G)d, without raony, sru price. Your sisters in the Gospel- of peace. -- Louie B. FELTcPres. . , ar - .. ... ..LiLLinT. Freeze, Clara U. Counselor?. May Anderson Sec'y. Minnie ... Can kox, CurLEn Treas. Address May Anderson 10S S. 7th East S altLake. City B. 