WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 98 rar return - heard from "her" parents her sad story c When he was about she was married to a. Mr. Whit-mortwenty-eigh- t rank in the jie was an officer -to British army, and just estimate siich a woman arh'ht. Her hanniness fazjiixig-montha- however, was of shrTdu ration, - t : .1 . . .1, itr- a regianer mey were marrieu, uer uusuauu ment wa3 ordered to the East Indies, that country was then in a very unsettled state and ladies were advised by the government not to ' accompany their husbands, so Marrianne parted with her husband and they met no more on earth. Three months after Mr. Wbitmore's departure a boy waaborn to tbein, the advent "of her son, relieved the monotony ofher life, and gave a new zest to her existence. When her child was a little more than one year old, ehereceived the announcement of her husband's death, through cholera. She was now a wealthy widow, not"yet thirty-onyears of age, with only her boy to claim her attention anu care. Alter a time she had numerous I a. e t ... P r. ... ii on home,- - and to-he- e; of'-hig- lr the-kin- CL - of-a-ma- d 1 1 - 1 . 1 'k :ttrzzn iTZZii 4 ' l 1 surely is enough in one lifetime. As. the boy grew toward manhood he gave every promise of being a worthy successor to his noble father after whom he had been named, Edgar. He passed through his school days with credit, and tb the university every prospect of a brilliant career. He had been carefully trained by his mother in the path of duty and rectitude, and she thought she. need have no.fear-fo- r: :hijrfuturT Alas,-hooften our brightest hopes are clouded over when we least expect it. Edgar " got among a bad set, at Oxford, jvas led on from one excess to another became a drunkard, and gambler,and finally in a drunken brawl, stabbed a fellow student, as he supposed fatally. To save himself fronr arrest, he "escaped to Liverpool, from there he sent to his mother for money and after receiving it he disappeared; from that time he had never:been beard 4iv-- Is in her loneliness, "therCahy Marriaune Whitmore was sad? Of Edwaid lloldsworth she knew uothing.he had gone put of her life and no one spoke of him in her pres.. -- eace. This is a brief sketch of her life.prior to the December evening when we first introduced her to our readers- It was four days before the one which would usher in the New Year; she had invited a neice, "who had just returned from school in Paris to make her a long visit so that she might introduce her into society, or a it is termed, bring her out, and a more accomplished and graceful chaperon she could not have had. As she eat iu the twilight she was listening f r the arrival of the carriage; propared to go do wq at the first sound of the house bleir to receive, and welcome her visitor. The carriage arrived while the wrrant WaJ 1 ,4 . I. - five-yea- - with you. ;; She had no home to go to for?he holidays, she has been like a sister Mmenk I and after-wards " tor herself : "You mad cap," said her aunt, "why did ' ODDOSe yt : r. d An. cn k'.. mama.f It H vernnrvin T vu vju ou, uut i could not help it this time, and you are glad I are brought her, you not aunt Marrianne. '(YCTy glad indeed my dear, and she shall have a long holiday, I will write to the school and arrange ior her-sta- Will this arrant a ment suit you Fiorencer cdeed it will,' dear madam, I seem to have had a glimpse of Paradise aud only fear I shall hnd it but a glorious dream, and that I shall awake to find IU " , when-rmrknwie- she-woul- there when her visit terminated. "Is it not dreadful, aunty to have no holidays," said Mathilde, "and it would have been no hi;Har ''Oh, aunt Marrianne," saidlhTmIcelw kind it was of you to send for me,-i- t was dreadfully dull, in the country except on Christmas day; how I shall enjoy zbein in London, but, oh dear"! had forgotten, I have a surprise for you, I have brought a dear jriend with, me, I knew it would- be all riHbt kaewauTOhM, rs, Jlioi&htji , r..tatingly. and-in-t- he rdoorwayitoipdTtrco-for an invitation to enter. ..,.i-:J- Hhe'good ripnpy-.p.iuprplian- sisters who managed it, that her father would claim her and pay them for their trouble." He came once to see her, and finding his child would b3 well taken care of, he . left a luinliljmoney, sufficient to provide for all her wants, until he should return, which he would in about then be old enough to go to school, and he would relieve the sisters of their charge. He was going with an exploring party to south Africa, they would visit the, then much talked of, diamond fields and on his return would make a home for himself and little daughter. He had never returned to claim her, and at the age of fourteen the committee of the orphanage had placed her in the school where Mathilde found her. She had ken kindly treated but had nowhere to go for a holiday, and had seen but little of the world outside the school, until Mathilde iuc um , u uu iu uer su rprise sa w two youn ladies leave the carriage, one sprang lightly up ,tho marble steps, and into the exfended arms of her aunt; the other came slowly and v " 1 herina - f Florence Holdsworth; quite Eoglish, i3 it not aitnougn ner parents were bwiss,Dut, wnat is the matterjou are ill, aunty'for at the mention of the girl's name, Airs. Whitmore had turned deathly pale, and only by the exercise of her strong will, had kept herself from fainting. She recovered herself quickly, saying, "no, my dear, I felt a sudden chill,! am better now, Jut. us go to uiuner. During the meal nothing more was said of Florence,but in the evening in the drawing room Mrs. Whitmore-questionethe girl, until she had heard all that she knew of heF parentage. 'Her parents," she said, had lived in Paris, her mother died when she was two days old, her father gave her into the care of a nurse, so she bad been told; when ahe was three years old; the nurse married a soldier, and placed d - T you,clxieiid.a..iiamer4""8lH)u kt-i- i she hasr How stupid of ms aunty, why 01 course she has, and a very sweet one too, it is . w , - 1 -- orphanand and she would keep her until she could find her. relatives. No doubt thought Mrs. Whitmore, JIolds- worth:k"deadvbutrhi3-parent3ay"b'e"- al to-recei- te e -- and gave her a wel drew the stranger r, coming kiss. Dear madam." said the crirl. "thisas indeed welsuch- -a kind, I never- thought come." MI told youTow if would be with aunt Marrianne," said Mathildeiyhyaunty rmtma-trie- d allshe could to .keep her, to supply my place she said, just think of it, when I had such a dear generous aunt in London; but you will take cold aunty and I am hungry, let U3 go to my room and change oUr dresses and we w;ll be down so quickly that you will wonder how we accomplished such a metamorphis in So short a time." The maid, who wa3 waiting two girls led the way up the stairs and want to the room prepared for the niece, until one could -- be made ready for the unexpected guest. Directly after the girls'descended to the drawing room" dinner was announced, and as the three were leaving to go to the dining room,' Mrs. Whitmore smilindv said "Mathilde.", has mjiynsehoyljoom ' Unknown. TBnbndniiad . all F lorence could tell of her and had come to the conclusion ghftx history tfao younot miherj -outside aughFoFmiFformer come here, my ing dear," and she- - the lather must not be lover; but, the sin of visited upon the child . ?iv Jk h!j ckfpr , UlvJ . w w h - was an onlv""Ron. nnr at j 7 V. V UV. would inherit consider death of able property He had an independency of his own left him by an uncle so may be traced through his lawyers or bankers; thus she reasoned. Mrs. Whitmore was childless now, and this girl would, in a measure, fill the void in of her chamber her heart. In she prayed for strength aud guidance to carry -- his-pare- nts the-privac- y out the project she had formed. She had invited a large J)arty to a dinner and ballon New Year's day,at which her neice was to make', her debut, she wuuld now have two to chape-ronand Florence must be provided with a costume for the occasion, Mathilda was well suppliod in that particular. During lunch Mrs. Whitmore iuvited the girls to .20 with heron a shopping expeditiou,sayiug as Florence OTwsJiaLJj.kl one must be made as pleasant as possible. "Aunt Mathilde, it is too sad to think of.no" more holidays," and .she kissed her friend, whose eyes had filled with tears. "She will, not need any, for she will not return to the school, that is, if she will be content to remain with me, mine is a lonely life, but I will endeavor to enlighten hers, if she will accept my offer." "Accept, dear madam, cried Florence, you cannot tell how thankfully, and by God's help you 8hall neter have cal e, ness. Mrs. Whitmore personally .selected the necessary diess for : her protege. She was a little anxious for the eventful eventngFlorence had not been in society,she might be a wk word and shy, but when the two girls appeared, her anxiety gave way to surprise, at the perfect ease, and sang froid of Florence and now that sh was eleganiiy saw How beautiful she was, and at the first opportunity whispered to her, saying, "I am more than pleased with your appearance and manner Florence." ; Dearmada tj j repay all your generosity and .kindness," replied Florence. "By" calling me Aunt Marrianne lor the future, and being to me alL a niece should be, Mathilde will not be with me long, and I want a companion," said the elder ladv. The party was a very brilliant one, and the. advent of the two girls into society a success. Mis. Whitmore instructed her lawyer to ascertain if the parents of H.oldsworth were, still living, and if anything was known of his whereabouts; not that she wanted Florence, but to know if he was alive and had deserted his daughter, an act she believed him to-parr- with Mrs. Whitmore understood now, why her brother's wife endeavored to Mathilde prevent bringing Florence with her." She had no idea who the girl was, but tho ughithajiame-s- h e -bore would call up unpleasant memories, and did not wish to addjme drop to tho cup alfilled to overHo wing with; sorrow, of her ready amiable relative The. that lawyer the parents of Holdsworth were reported dead, and his sister had heard nothing from h im for years,she was holding his portion of the until his return, or till the time had property when expired the law would consider him dead. Of this Florence was not informed; anoTwhen in the Spring Mk. AVhitmojprojxuseilaiHpI girlOrere delighted, especially Florence. She kuew it was the home of htr mother, and perhaps she might find her reU- - ilYlsrIhl-- ' knQwbat.wasiiur-mothrr's-maide- n Lame! tnauirl Mr.. ' Wh,tmrP. Florence u said she had never heard it, and smiled at her own" thoughtlessness, seeing, how -- 