J OJlAlS w y-- i ' - -.f 1 A i i ii 4 V t - -- I V f : r j JUL.. r"v Tfo Vol. Rightofdht and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Women of Z ion, No. 24. SALT LAKE CITY, UrAH, MAY 15,1890. 18. CONTENTS. have Q thit loved position,'., -- And another form may rest Lovingtrusting, fond and tender, In your arms and on your breast. . But for me another, also, Lives and labors, brave aud true; So I still am blest and happy, . are you? Happier e'en than then :. " HephzibahrrrdreTginr" Corrcspondence;-LucM. King. Wedding Anniversary, Women Workers, rj. J. Suffrage Meetings. M. A. Y. Green-halgHawaiian Sun Myth. The Poet's Vision .and. PhilqspheVs Law, A. B. Curtis. - Miscels-- y r.r laneous. Notes and NeWS. Lt:..::---.-:- -r 9. More Editorial: Volume Birthday Celebration. Deatir of Mrs. Harriet A. Snow. Forty Years Among the Indians. An Interesting Letter, A. M. Wheldon. A Tribute May First, M. O. KeltiDg. Poetry: Dearest Write Me a Letter, Lucy. Changes, Lula. May Songs. E7B. W. y h- come,in,he :Could hear 'zhh mother; J -- LUI,A. 18-1- J!ronvmostany-Subjec- t cr-mai- Misfortunes fall upon the brave and true, to solve the mystery; Weknow not-ho- w 'Tis well the future's hidden from our view, Whereon is wtiitcn our life's history. . - . When Suffrage will be universal, And women then rightfully crowned, - Will join 'in the world's grand rehearsal, That will bring the Millennial round. Now pray let the silence be broken, , My entreaties no longer withstand. token, But send forth the much wished-fo- r ' From the pen of thine own gifted hand. -- Lucy; CHANGES. E. F. G. JULY, 1 of wicke"diairwho"bad alsrteeirLratter-day8aint, .but were nowarrayed JgainsJtboL 873. com-tnenei- fifi-fthp- r n before. lifNauvoo lniTareTOnhm-iifitr.Cit- While Harold had been associated with of them members-o- f the Nauvoo-legionrsoveterans in thecausend all stauuchLatter-daSaints he had learned more concerning the Gonel than ever before, and he spoke to his wife of these things, of the principles of eternal mariage by which husband and wifo couldFs joinedTn tbelioly bond of matrimony come, not only for this lifebut for cternity-twandered away forever and forever. They had beautiin a were and some distance from hotre ful shady, grassy picturesque place near the down and river; steamboats were plying up and to the sea, Hepsie'a thoughts turned backsvard at the sea--l-,. child a and her presentiments when TToWr,ll ..stild nlwfivs drive awav Charter and such protection as the law ailorded they were in secu re. me y Uiled withfear and dismay and would cot rcmam in Muvoo. with some or It was a time of great doubt' the Harvey a were -- Mrrand MrirHamy-wer- e jawns, m afraid of losing their worldly a finally deciaea w .uu about twenty miles out from the city. well tnat Mrs. Harvey senior knew very them willingly for she Hepne would not go with m her iiad heard her express herseo ongly while one day belief in the divinity of the work: removal 31rs. preparations fur making some ;V ."IleDSie are you .1 with is out to the farm and Ja Han)ld: U worR get Martin the 14r. a 10 ae T-'.- i ffauvoo "1 7.l Nauvoo of , 1- o v inelancholyr . , mnnut sir . nip-- anu sjee una in " I can . iu ntk in flmm.imier means our ,uvv 0: any . ' that silence. was best; especially end if 8tei"ended to carry, her jfciht Mr : . . m-th- . .. son. Long our parent's only If I mostly gained my own way, won. Twas through patience kindly childhood, Beauteous, blissful, sunny 1 Peerless, priceless, joyous youth Pure, unburdened, simple pleasures,truth. and love and Fraught with trust Wherefore do ye fade and vanLn, worth ? Ere we learn to prize your -r " Ahfyou'recrowdea out by changes- " i U-- Ci i V k, "-- ' know- Prophet and his followers A newspaper was about being started by Apostates to be called the "The Nauvoo Expositor in which all kinds of evil reports concerning vicinity, the people , o- f- 'Kauvoo and cbarrainfV onn in early June, they chose the : btato" the boJ circulate;! throughout would the most beautiful paths near the river and they of the indignation Illinois arousing of A .. sriouslv UDOn the etc. which tUUicte.u ' vjjviu. ninrft t mobbings and causing people, -pHff0e3:;6f--tru on- theouts-k- rts itommcaihQY v-a- How we sported ia the sunshine. How we laughed amid the storm, As I often closely nestled warm . In your bosom safe and . I You were young and was little, -- I, youtbaby5i5tef-yfpetYou my brave strong, elder brother. 1 Dear, good heart, love you yet. Oft I stood, a merry pleader, : Oft you yielded to me yes ; those morieV me trace happy Let And I thiuk you will confess, much my senior, Though you were so - -- come,--bnt- I p T ler, That will help to excite or amuse. Tell me of our friend, the Esquire, And of anything else," you may choose, Some items of flood and of fire, Grant this favor, do not refuse 1 Write of dear ones; of home, and of neighbor, Of their doings of good and of ill, And touch on the subject of labor. There is always a way, with a will. Give some of your views of the question, " "'" On ; '. religroni pH;txs, trade ' Of the he est," of latest TnventI6h7""T .Towards the World's Great Fair and parade TO MY BROTHER HEPHZIBAH. XXI. , - """" reasonable and , you'll be glad to bye and bye for the worst" hasn't come yet." He laughed merrily and only answered her, "well mother we shall see," and bounded up ftairs findingvllepsie in a flood of tears. That's the. matter little one?" said he in a. voice so cheery as to make all around seem as though a flood of sunlight broke in suddenly, what makes you fret 0 much?" and be added uyou are so changed." "Your mother says we shall go with her to Laharpe and leave this beautiful city where I expected to be so happyrhut I will not go r I'll r-; .give-ueverything lirit" "Every thing" Harold :i r.0 Tlomht ouprvthinf hut vou and mv religion." You may be called upon to do that it a.Mv. you remain urui nuu bicauiiwi,, uuk uhh little-authority use and a cheer"itpr mother hastcrtcold now and then its her naturc.she means "all right we'll get the best of her yet.'V 44Como' it will do you good, out a little while for a and cheer your spirits wonderfully you get so gloomy shut up here and I'm always away." the day was a .They went out to gether : The Harvey's had arrived in Nauvoo vhen of great events were pending, the tranquility was. the city was' much disturbed, the Prophet being threatened, and tr;titor3 were planning destruction to the workolthe. Lord. William Law who had been j'oieph's counselor and intimate friend had just been excommunicated from the Churcb,and was the leader of a band My dearest, do write me a letter ; To comfort my heart and console, joy it woiiid bring would be greater, Than the wealth "of silver or gold." me a letter 1 Do please, tnn chere-vif&- t : If only a small sprinkling of news, loudest tones questioning liira about going, "And so my boy you persist in remaining in Nauvoo whatever comes, well tou will have to stay alone, I shall take liepsie she can't bo left alono at night, while your off on duty as you call it, and besides she canVdo-an- ything auy more than a doll. I wish you would-be- - -- For the Exponent: DEAREST WRITE ME A LETTER. in-he- rr " ; did.:.- which she' certainly to stubbornness, Her silence was construed "you have nothing and Mrs. Harvey added, e I shall much yoarown bat what ua 11 haVC ' g ith 0U--r th!?.g3 pack thire'i no c'.hcr way." were As uiual when diiagreeable subject! vent l.roached Hepiis rushed up ttain to give 4 f' ... ywi-hay- a3 .hcn-variabland prayers tear, riefin Wher she did whefl very unhappy and ow -- y -- .almost to bursting- She could scarcely she rtrd; vb, e bave answered Jlrs. H.bad she heard Harold She was weeping and sobbing m was Doetical: ne re- bis nresence. anc to Jlepsie during peated stanza after ; stanza day that walk which was one of the red letter as peace to hen he aisu recFher that as soon could he speak prevailed in the . city again and a have would marriage to the Prophet, they the Prophet himself ceremonv performed by which wouldainite them more closely together e and hereafter nothing could : ever separal them. They vowed eternal constancy then of hearts and there and yet in. ha heart that hatt. Hepne had those strange misgivings haunted her since her first acquaintance with Hard d - r-rt- -!-" JrvT;r "Little one why are you so pensive, m know vonare not happy, a moment wheir Ion away. duty, think how noble it is "to be but only one to and you must think of my being we as I and General as protect our great leader Then they talked Prophet ace? and reveiator." his magnfi- . o:J6'epfi" hIwondefal power, : 