WOMAN'S EXPONENT 9 iitjjcs the enduring b'ong. Are you then bereft? Is the object for whmh you foave 'striven.' removed? Arc you desolate? !ack m iticlf You will, . .. , continue-t- o -m- anufacture-force,-energy, which must be wasted or applied What will you do-i- i th it?" .Your rcsponsiblity loes not cease bec.atm the usual, channel for your thoughts has .been dellected. Is your life necessarily lonely? Apply the fact to your own advantage and that ot tho world, and yours may even become au enviable position through the noble use which you have made of it. The Nightingale. AND NEWS. NOTES The first Wyoming State Legislature met in Cheyenne on Wednesday cf la.st week. They at once elected two eminent woman suffragists, Judge Carey and Gov. Warrea,: as U. S. ,Wcnatars raw, "two pounds beef suet chopped fine and cleared from strings, seven pounds of apples chopped fine' five pound, iih,iQS.iCiIcd aiid.chocd, fire pEttadscurraaU wash ed and cleaned, one pound citron cut up fine, live table- -, powdered cinnamon, three tablespoonsfu powdered mace, two tablespoonsful powdered- cloves, tw tablespoorreful powdered alspice, two tablespoonsful salt, two nutmegs, five pounds brown sugar, one, pint bes t brandy and enough fresh cider to render nice and juicy. Whet mixing all together boil ten or fifteen minutes. spoonsful The Tribune has reported from time to time the progress of the fund started by Miss Willard and in charze of Mrs. Holmes of Galva, Illinois, for the preparation of a bast of Miss Anthony for the World's - Fair. It has also from the first' protested against failing to give Mrs. Stanton the like recognition, to which she is "entitled both as the founder of the organized effort for woman's emancipation and as the official, head of the suffrage forces of the nation. It i therefore with great pleasure that we announce that in response to manv . mm 1 wmiuy Mm ou SALE : . that a fundbeslart vyuiu, uiis cuustnieu to be the custodian of such gums as may be contribute ! by those who desire thus to commemorate in marble one whose work is already - t Mince MEAT. Five pounds lean freih beef chopped wuiuwunu ui. vyieyeiuuu, I eIjoii ' A BUST FOR MRS. STANTON. requests alwavi he: ren J inhered that the National American Woman SuHVago Association is an incorporated body, the papers having beeu recorded in the District of Columbia, 1800.- It is therefore capable, of April-10threceiving and holding gifts and bdjuests. It and then givesa clear concise survey of, the great Indian epics, who.c character aud scope are illustrated by copious extract--. Her work has - elicited tfo")rtJialtrtercsft'-"t)f"ffucii-authorities'-as Professor Max Muller and Sir Monier .Williams, professor of Sanscrit in Oxford University. Olive Washburn, of San Francij'co, is abput to devote the. bulk of her fortune to, founding a Nationalist Colony in California. Bellamy's VLooking"Baekward" theories are 10 he followed, and all people of good moral character will bo admitted, irrespective of religious beltcf Over 100,000 wjll be spent in buildings and improvementi?. Ex. Mr??. ' f PRINCIPAL POINTS enshrined in the achievements of every woman of this later day." As soon as sufficient responses have been made, the contributors will be asked to appoint a committeo to carry out the work. Wonvins Tribune. EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH OBITUARY. AT-- .UNION Sister Sarah Ana Willis Scott, , wife of John Scolt; deceased, a resident of Mill Creek Ward, departed this life Oct 30th 1890. after much suffering and lon sickness. Sister Scolt was born in Alleghany Co. Pennsylvania, Feb. 4th 1825. She came to Utah in the year 1849. Passing through all the trials incident to settling a new alV"she cosntry, whh patienccv and" for remained true to the covenants she made. She has OFFICE, Main Street, Salt Lake City. t S. W. ECCLliS, Genl. Pass, Agf. . T7 with great regret th?t Miss Julia T. Foster died at lier home iu Philadelphia, November loth. Miss Fostor 'Was an caruesr hd friend and supporter of the woman suffrage R ni2mb5.ro. th. ,Srrior - many yearsr-shnot only i n Pennsylvania bn n a tionally, and fecM.5JMal held the oflice of a teacher and was always ready in the those who knew her thus will miss her sweet of her duties. face and gentle ' manners Tho warmest performance Pear friend and avc shall rate your Society, sympathy u' extended To her "sister, Mrs we know yon have only gone a little" while before, then If . Rachel Foster-Avery.- " we we "We-lear- n TICKET e MlMa'.slioiM co-labor-er, may ..are-Xaitlifu- mansions of the redeemed. "The examination 'for the Contemporary History Scholarship of 100 a year for three years,; oifere 1 to women by Mr. Stead, the London critic, will take place next January. We extend our sympathy to the bereaved family. She leaves four sons, three daughters and twenty grand" children. Mourn not for who die in' the Lord, their reward is sure. : . 7 tlse Names should be gent in to himi at th.e lievicw ' cf Itcviewi Oflice, Mowbray House, Norfolk, Street, W. C, before Dec 1 . Tha examin-aito- n ii open to women of any ae and nationr ality.',' --r;- Via Elizabehi Frances h. --" RESOLUTIONS a 'and telegraph Frauce, in the service, about 5,000 women are engaged T with ear, palariej from $ 1 GO an after , thirty: years' Service. Many women workia railroad p.flicc'JprJ'tQinjiOQ r lo ?jZ4U & year. About oo.UUU women are teachers, ia public schools, and almost as many more are religious teachers, besides those in private schools. Ex. .;, pojt-ofiie- to-$S- QO- r-- - ' . -. r- hill, Pres, iiAKso.v, Sec. OF SYMPATHY. 1U.UFF WARD RELIEF SOCIETY. To 'd-pen- sions a-y- SALT LAKE CITY- - v. w HroUan aad hi j wife-ja- t?n the ne death of theTr .T Trie ara"-- MgQPAjtii fpF unjyersitic3 four schools of Zurich, and Gene Berne, Basle, ya have 183 of these on their rolls, .72 being in Zurich alone, which first opeue'd its loatu re room? to wome- n- Of these, 132 are, in the rawljcaj department, il., Hawl .The in""fe Russians are represented by 107 women Swilzerland by only 15. Ex, ' beloved children John A, and Florence, who died Oct. 20 ' and 22, of diphtheria. -- ' Vhercas," the Lord himself your loved ones, and that during the absence of. their father we feel to assure you that you have our heart: felt sympathy ia this your bereavement; and knowing that the Lord doeth aU thing3 well we feel to sayV fib frill be' ....... done. 1 Speciarto the Ladies. TEASDEL'S J' ofIndia,"- which will - or 'The Ancient Books soon be issued byiSX! Aryan iy.nt an-:- 1 writings of tho mediseval reviews" tfuV:: labors- of" holar? in thi vast field of literature, nuthr i .. - .F8' Resvd-Mmnderl- y eoadolewith the family of the deceased in this their hour of afflicUoa and devoutly commend them to the fostering car of him who looks with " pitying eye upon those who suffer. : ; Resolved, that in the natural sorrow which we el for the b5s cf our kindred and who de m the Lord, we find consolation in the belief that if we are faithful to the cause of Christ we shall meet loved one Whcn lime ihall be no more. h ere and mv no place. ;: ZPsolved thaFa copy of tbfse resolutions be presented to EMBRODEBIE8, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIE8 FANS,; GLOVES, f-- W .d Exponent JLitemtujrJaJii race to tho ,1 I -- jvojuTis onHindu Literature: Leading Retail Cash. HoTj.se. .K THOMAS ' I ThcjBwlss ' X) G-O- O te Dg : for publication and that it be spread on the TiPINERSC AS,WATER Martha ' IT Hammond. JOEriI7K VVoOTi: Ru?a REnrx .T.rCommittee. th STE A M FITTEflS i snou notJoe. Orders from 11a'1 mintrj proaptly refpanded to. 1 