WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 102 Joo poor tkis tribute, yet it THE LAST EVE OF. SUMMER. A grateful Summer's last sun, nigh unto setting, shines """ -ThToagh yon 'columnar pines, Andon the deepening shadows of the lawn, Its golden linesarc drawn. sammer days like this. 'Dreaming of long-gon-Feeling the wind's soft kiss,, Grateful and glad that the failing 'ear and sight Have still their . old delight. e J sit alone and watch the warm sweet day - -- "Is thi3 the last?" Will never more for me the seasons run Their round, and will the sun Of ardent summers yet to come foreget For me to rise and set? . . . : Salt Lake City7Dcc; 20IH7 1S90."'' ori should be, with thee ""Wherever thou mayst be. Lips mute, hands clasped, in silenes of speech Each answering unto each. At this still hour which hints of mystery far Beyond the evening star No words outworn suffice from lip or scroll; The soul would fain with soul ' g Wait, while these few days fulfill The wise, disposing Wi;i, And, in the evening as at morning, trust - The and Just. . swift-passin- ul feel soul-communi- on And human love, its prophecy and sign, ' Interprets love divine. , . it Winter Quarters. The brethren built Jog cabins and dugouts for their families to screen them from the winter blasts. Here the timely rescue. people were taken sick with the scurvy for the : E IL W. -- - want of vegetables and- comforts of life, and some- died and "laid down their bodies there, till the call comes "awake come AUTOBIOGRAPHY. forth!" As soon as we had camped for the OF winter Mr. Pratt, Bro. Hyde and Bro. Taylor ELIZABETH B. PRATT. were appointed a mission to, Englajd and we were left camping in our, wagons and tents and As soon as the font for baptism was ready I as our best men were called away to Mexico for-- officiated tharmadethB"lab"of "harder "on The m'enTeft - were H ru toJ and takerr in camp." We were fifteenln""family, we had yru year Josephjail was the most trying tsmes the Saints ever our teamster with .us to do all the work. experienced. They had to endure sickness, Parley Jr. was only nine years and four months poverty and a stream of persecution, the old and not very strong, We had a log room Prophet and "brethren in authority bad to built to cook in and crowd into in the dayhide up from mob violence. On the 27th of time, we had to sleep in our wagon3 all June 1844 the Prophet and Hyrum his brother winter. were murdered in Carthage Jail. Those who We suffered with cold, hunger, and sickness took him as prisoner pledged theii word and Our 4read was corn meal ground on a hand honor that he would be safe from violence. mill and not much to go with it. Mr. Pratt reWhen word came to Nauvoo of their cruel turned irom his mission in April after bring deaths it was a day of mourning, weeping, and gone over Seven mouths. -- In his absence our and sorrow among all the Saints, for they cattle and horses died and some were Io3t. loved the man of God who had laid down his : When Mr. Pratt returned President Ybung-a- nd life for the Gospel's sake even the atmosphere a company were camped on the Elk and trees seemed to mourn the fate, of the Horn River twenty miles west, ready to start nurdered dead. I saw them when they were out a3 Pioneers to the Mountains. After a in their coffins and they were just as I saw little rest Mr. Pratt began to prepare to go them in a dream before I knew they were with a that was1 going to start - in dead. This prepared me for the shock as I June. company There were five hundred wagons, and could not have believe J it, as the Lord had short of teamsters the women .had to being 1845 'the drive.lN ,I dr6vei 'an preserved his lite so ma ,ny .times, of Simple wa" Mulcientiybiiiit to administer in the way and walked a great many miles. the ordinances, many, thousands received their, After traveling a long distance we met the endowments, I was among the happy number. Piouetrs returning from the Valley and camped The quorum of ihe Twelve aud others, ad with them one day. We contiuued our ministered iu the Temple night and day until journey and after raauy losses, , trials and early iu the spring Febrifarv 14th 1846 wp hindrances we arrived at our place of destina- left our homes in Nauvoo , and crossed . the mber;"1847."irhTr Wen., "was a : Mississippi river and camped on Sugar Greek. desolate barren, looking place, but we were The first night we camped here we had a .thankful to be where we could have a rest snow storm, I took down with the ague and from our enemies, have peace of mind and chills till I thought I shook the ground, Mr. worship the true and living God without any Pratt administered to me and I had them no to molest or make afraid. We renewed our more. We commenced to travel alter the covenants, had a short winter and very miln companies were organized and continued to, one. Early in the Spring we commenced to through rain and mud. Iu crossing the' our gardens and were blessed with early Mississippi bottoms, when one wagon got plant We appreciated this very much as we through, the cattle were unhitched and hitched crops. had been on short rations all winter. We had on to the next one, the road became to work hard to raise it, as then we did net that-i- t was-u- p to the hubsrandrhadto' take understand irrigation. The crickets were ine mengtn ot, several joke of cattle as they the-comm- on my-sister-as-- - , ' The solemn joy that Immortal life reveals; , " The writer well remembers Brother Atwood's kindness to his fellow sufferers in one of the belated handcart companies who nearly succumbed to hunger and cold in the terrible season of 1856. Many died, and all would surely have perished amid the mountain mows had not the Lord inspired President Brigham Young to send a -- Thou should be herg friend and comrade Can bestow. MILY H. W'OODMANSEE. Cal. Kane came to see about our affairs and finding so many people homeless and wanderer's not knowingwherejo.find ,. arresting-plac- e, his heart was drawn out in sympathy .for our untold sufferings and he became a true friend to'our.. people and ever remained so. We camped on the west side of the river and called - Lapse tenderly away; And, wistful, with a feeling of forecast, I ask, is the best Come then, in thought, if that alone rnay be, O friend ! and bring with thee Thy cfllm assurance of transcendent spheres, And the eternal years. i;GMS. r4E4F(,!WiHTXIR.ini the N. V. wwaww , Independent. Oak Knoll, 1890. . . , -- - - . FRIENDSHIP'S TRIBUTE. " TO THE MEMORY OF BROTHER MlLLEtf ATWOOD, LATE rnTTirrsTroFtrfiTE'' fin If"ees th w a rd, SALT LAKE ITY..' Ah honest man as ever drew life's breath A noble, steadfast, unassuming soul Has won the victory o'er pain and death, And reached triumphantly the final goal. 'Tis good to meet amid the human throng A man or woman, guileless, brave and true; ' A champion for the right, a foe to wrong Fearless of conflict, if impelled thereto. The sacred principles of truth and right Govern d our friend, and gladdened him withal; And thus his hear was full of peace and Ught ' When dangers hovered o'er him like a pall. on-"in-Spte were weakaonjyjiadah to subsist upon. We often had our beddino-anclothing wet through. After traveling one hundred and fifty miles, we camped on d see him yet, enduring direst woe. Wasted by hunger, chilled by piercing blaits, Cheering his comrades.all his soul aglow, With faith and courage, hopeful to the last. I Grand river, here the brethren nWprl f to snpply those who came alter and named it -- Frail, famished women, famished children Igo, Met the "grim monster' even face to face; , Yet, God be praised who sent us friends so true, And snatched us, verily, from Death ,smhrac How; swiftly flows the tide .'back, Like friends they seemed who shared those dreadful JuOk-- davs forbidsrsutlr-woTih-y soulsTiouTdTack A poet's tribute, or the meed of praise. e Droth-- r Atwoodriwcelhpyymtfv- Garden Grove. We left .here and traveled .. on till we came to a beautiful grove, that Parley, named MtPisgah which was also planted to vegatatiou aud enclosed with a lence and hcunses built to accomidate our friends who were left behind, Next we came to the home of the : Pottawatomie this was called the Indian Villa ffft fm,niiuciu very o socuibIe, whrleL there- - we had ,uuvi a danced Mf. FROM FAR AWAY. . No trifle 'tis to pour the soothing balm Of resignation into hungry men; :t l To rouse poor mortals from the fatal calm, Dora of despair, is no small task, I ken. '' ior tne want ot tood. We had lost nearly all our cows and the few left were dry. To be continued -- them he had two wives squaws, his daughter by his first squaw was well educated, her Same horseback KSHOcefuUn Mouaveieumany Village and corrected - Bards should have sung your praises long ago; : miles from the wagons, this place thev river near Council Bluffs Here the Mormon Battalion wis metered . For the benefit of my Utah friends who I know wil 1 be gratified to hear from me will I briefly write of ray present location, which is situated about 230 miles south of my home at Faro wan Utah, over one hundred miles Yrom the nearest stage coach or telegraph office, and so far from all civilization that sometimes I feel that :! must be a. Kobinson Crusoe or very similarly situated. Overton is a village of seveu families located upon the Muddy river ancUmalltbe-roof- s .tei!lomellIeJaude made of a coarse being grass or rush surmounted with a generous coating of dried ; juudis-aeryeeeBtirv'e- me to procure a lumber floor and those having two rooms have this in one room only. luxury Jovisionsaehsrj 