V O MAN'S GREETINGS TO K, Mi Whilst listening'to tis Frayerlo Gor That Angel shed a tear He iean"d and whipered-i- n his car, Sweet words, uThy trust is God" That Angel-tea- r illunVd his path, While passing ' 'neath the Rod." L MAN, WRITTEN JUNE, l83o. A heartfelt welcome to you, we extend Wise apostle, dear brother, and true friend- ,Old time has been moving at even pace, And years have flown by since we saw your face, Yet not a day to us has been given, But your name has been wafted tp heaven. Asking the Giver to give unto thee " Resignation, in due time liberty. Thou art but man, yet the God Eternal Hast endowed thee, with favors supernal, Cheerfulness, contentment, judgment sound, Purity of heart, and wisdom profound Understanding of the heavenly plan ' " That's fof the redemption of fallen man, Holy intelligence of things divine Great man of Godthese blessings nr& lhinezz. ; j C L. W. perienced, hand or any mind less comprehen- UN-MARRIE- sive. D. dare not breathe my secret to the ears, Of nearest, dearest kindred lhat I know; But to my pictured shadow, without fear I pour in unreserve my withering woe. : I -- ' IF a woman, and I must have love, feel the need of children on my knee, I am as lone as wretched east away On desert bland, in an unknown sea.' . I - ' Oh shadow of the face in yonder glass, EXILE. " Why has no human love, near, warm and sweet; Held that deep cup of n ectar to my lip, And laid a true heart at my humble feet God knows how gladly I the'eup would sip. He longing gazed across the waves And sigh'd for home and friends. My heart has thirsted, famished shrunk, grown old While tortured by the sight of food and drink. For woman's modesty bids us to wait Hedged in by social customs link in link. perfectly understand what you are talking about. . . Don't get into the habit of vulgarizing life by making light of the''sentiment of it Don't jeer at anybody's religious belief. t Don t try to be anything but a gentlewoman rand;Ahatimcans tion for the whole world; and whose life is. governed by the Golden Rule, "Do unto others as you would be done by." " ? r MISCELLANEOUS. I feel myself, upon the tree of life But ah those friends were far away, Across the broad blue waves; 1 His childhood home, that sacred spot. Place of bis father's graves. skim'd the dancing waves The sea-bir- d And kissed their snowy crest, It had a home when night shades came But he no place of rest. A withered' bough, a blasted smitten fruit; An instrument untuned, or tuned to strife, A festal song poured through a shattered flute. - An iudustrious and virtuous education of children 13 a better inheritance for them than a great estate. Addison. Yield once and a portion of virtue is gone. Resist manfully, and the first decision well give strength for life: repeated, it will become What wonder women, seeing such as I Will drink of muddy lees, and link their life, With men who never knew until they died; The tender glory in the name of wife. The wild deer bounded o'er the strand ... And sped toward the glen; It had a home across the Lea, . Far from the haunts of men. . "Arid the white gull soar'd mid heaven's blue vault All bathed in golden sheen It sang of home, and liberty, Fond treasures not for him. ; a hzbiLSamuel Smiles -- - His fathers' nobly fought and bled! " To gain that sacred Right To honor, serve and worship God Best, pleasing in Hisght. ; This noble blood of ancestry -Still coursed thro' all his veins, To worship God, for conscience sake Though bound with tyrants chains. Don't find fault.: Don't contradict people, even if you're sure v you are right. Don't be inquisitive about the affairs of even your most intimate friends. Don't underrate anything becauso you don't : possess it. Don't believo that everyoneelse in the world is happier than you. Don't conclude that you have never had. any opportunities in life. Don't believe all the evil you hear. Don't repeat gossip, even if it does interest " a crowd. Don't go untidy on the plea that overy body knows you. Don't be rude to your inferiors in social position. Don't over or under dress. Don't express a positive opinion unless you I fear no poverty, 'no pain or woe.l No frown of fortune and no stoop of pride. My prince of men on winged feet I'd go Upheld by love, if but by. thy dear side. . ' . ; ; When twilight cast its sombre shades shore. Along the sea-gi- rt He bent his fetter'd limbs, and pray 'd ' ' For liberty once more. ; That liberty to worship God As conscience shall dictate, That Right! bequeathed by God to man In every Land and State. 'While yet he breathed those words devout An Angel brighj-stoo- d near. am so lonely, that I could not bear, - The wasted time, the torn and shattered hopes, The loneliness, the longing and despair :i But thfOygh thearkhess my sad spirit gropes I ' Ve.aVeruinedjnot bywhat we- - really-wan- tr but by what we think we do: therefore never search of to nrwantsT fdrtf ItlfeT co abroad-be real wants they will come home in search of you. He that buys what he does not want will m To that great light and love and endless power God the great Father ever kind apd true. But what can pay me for the lone last hour? And woman's birthrightthat is lost to me? soon want what he cannot buy. Coltoru The education of pur children ".Is never out Still will I dress my body with great care, Comfort the sick, and make the downcast glad Wbear my cross;-bu- t O, Thou righteous God, My woman's heart is withered, sick and sad. them to industry, activity and spirit. Make Uaem consid manly. Fire them with ambition to be useful. Make them disdain to be destituto of any useful knowledge. John Adams to his wife. : But when I see a mother clasp her child. A noble husband honoring his wife, My heart is filled with sorroweep and wild. For that is Eden, what I live, is life. Them os tf 11 i teratennaiov hoiTtolichHln ttv devotion, and use3 frequent exercises of it, E. J, contracts a certain greatness of mind, mingled .wAWi-u-iiuxe-- jiu WOMEN$ SUFFRAGE JOURNAL. ST A SCU BE LOVED; YO0-VrrANT"- TO . Why had you not the power to bring me love, Oh Jeplha's daughter in thy mountain pass Is thy reproach still thine in heaven above? Oh thou dear one! whom God designed should walk Helper, upholder, lover, husband, friend; Where are you! Come to me. I've waited long Deprived of every sacred Right, Upon the shore he stood; , An exile from his country ' g I am - ' This number consists of Jmatter which was already in - preparation when its Editor passed from this life, together with a Memorial Number of recollections contiibuted by, a few. and well in who had known.Mis3-Becker.lonher public work. " -Oh senseless jewels, glittering points of light. Rich cost'y drapings on a comely form, You have no power to bring my life delight, Nor keep my heart's deep currents bright and warm. What wonder we hail you with such delljht We believe you can make the dark seem light, We think you can heal the broken in heart And to the perplexed you can peace impart. Solve the problems we do not understand. Show us the way to the celestial land; Yes, to thee a hearty welcome we give, Unmolested with us long rnfay you live. A wanderer and a Pilgrim, To serve a tyrant's ends; . , They tell me I am fair, my form divine,: My eyes are clear, my hair of sunny hue. -- My mind well. cultured, and my chances fine, My life all blameless, womanly and true gladly we welcome you at this time, Give us freely of thy doctrines divine. You may pour oil upon the wounded heart Gilead's balm to the troubled impart. Comfort the mourner, dry the falling tear,T Diffuse love, and peace amidst thy fellows here That you in good works may ever excel, Is the united prayer for F. M. L. IS. A. C W. form one continuous work and now when that careful hand "13 laid low and the energies of arecarried beyond our that mortal ken, it would seem the most fitting, course to close these pages whereTMiss Becker left them, that so the Journal shall be wholly hers, - nor suffer any change tqjiny less exfar-seeing-mi- ; Yes 50 EXPONENT. ESTEEjEXG LA N D. For twee t r-- rears anrjfommomhshis Journal has received tit impress of onaliaiid mm uuu jatnuso tnat 8 QPgJow oi Volumes pi icnjyi a a vtr those of the .same condition. It is hardly possible it should be otherwise; for the fervors of a piou3 mind will naturally contract such earnestness and. attention toward a better beirg as will make the or d i n ary passages o f 1 i fe go off with a becoming ihd iffererjce. By this a man in thelowest-eotrditorr-mllntjap- pear Leanuxranmcjnaitsuieati4 A4m tu 