I - WOMAN'S - . I . to-da- y i&M2XWoloito "tfteir" parents twenty years ago, and thought as there was much given there would be much expected of and thankffrivinjr. Beli,A" en : 15 ' vailed and it seemed a time orreioicin Lois Bushman, of St. Joseph , spoke on the and advised tlie mothers, training Unable to explain the principles of the who are to read Gospel, biography, that they may have of the lives of the good and a knowledge and be thus able to , show them to the great little ones in such a wty as to create a desire ' to imitate their examples. Mary J. West, of Snowflake, said the sisters show by" their lives that they are trying to "be saints. We 'cannot comprehend the magnituds of this work unless we are filled with the Holy "Spirit. TEuTSavior siid: VPr&y without ceasing." If we do this and attend meetings regularly ve will be pretty sure to be in the line of duty. Compared the advantages of education that the children of have, of-e4ihk- 0 ( pressed pleasure in meetin rr ouce more with . trie sisters. EXPONENT. Pisziecv Who ha3 not tired of the chattering parrot' mmLih have like, a ffecUd, min&nfci$jQg& p'ntlcr sex? What wonder that such been deemed fit only for the band-bothe wash-tuor the parlor shelf? But even allowing the average number of the feminine sex to reach no higher degree .of intelligence than these," cannot something be don for their improvement? )Vi U not a metBodf of organization tend towards her elevation? Or, would such proceedure result in making her ninscullue? If so let her be mascu-linx, W. S. A. ANNUAL MEETING. b The W. S. A. of Sevier Co. held their annual meeting in Richfield, April 5, when the following, officers were elected. Pres. Miss Alice Hoyt,"lst Vice Pres. Mrs, Louisana Heppler, 2nd Vice Pres. Miss Aggie Gardner, - . e. Executive Committee Mrs. Henrietta Wright Chairman, Mrs. Aggie Thurber, Mrs. Caroline Morrison, Mrs. Maria Hansen, and Miss Sarxh Gardner. We have siuce held a special meeting where. in many in teres ting speeches were .made,and -- coiisiderablc-enthusi The introductory exercise was. an address by Hon. Wm. H. Seegmiller who expressed himself as being, heartily in sympathy with the woman suffrage movement, .and in favor of woman's rights. Related an incident of a young lady who he thought had exhibited more enthusiasm than judgment because she held that all the offices should .be thrown open to women; enumerated many offices he deemed women unqualified to fill. 1 A paper wa3 read by Miss Alice Hoy t ' 1 . Woman cannot attain to a great advancmeut with out the aid of her stronger brother.r But,.Jiank God! the intelligent of this mighty sex favors everymove for the advancement of -, wo man ApDotles7prop all nations have hailed the approach of a better day for w6man kind. God ha3 ordained that man should be the stronger and stand at the head, and to him we accord that right, nay, that duty. But was it the design of the Creator that man should oppress her lest she might gain an equality, or thatshe herself should crush every lofty desire and high endeavor in order that she might not rue above her woman's standard? Is He not able to carry outhis own designs? And granting to woman only a low ebb ot not her duty to cultivate that to ' its highest stress?. the rising generation. Verbal reports of the Taylor and Pinedale branches of the R. S. were given by Frances R. Thompson and Sophia Johnson. Both of these branches are prospering, but at Taylor the attendance 13 very small considering the number enrolled., Lucy H. Flake of Snowflake and Ellen Greer, St. Johns Stake, also addressed the which will be found in this issue meeting. Mis3 Aggie Gardner gave an address Counselor Emily J.' Lewis spoke on the c x! i i: i Is it possible that God has given to iromau-tale- nts illustrating the many deeds of courage and ueuessity ua nviug su as io uimm iiiQ ii uiessiiigs and strength of mind to lie dormant iof- - our "Heavenly "Father." "Counselor Sarah patriotism of American women. A recitation was finely rendered by Miss either because she doe3 not see the necessity of Driggs spoke upon the importance of a mother's Annie Morrison. Mrs. Louisana Heppler their cultivation; or because she-h- not the mission and of her giving suitable -- ins s to her children . encouraged the members- - and welcomed - the courage -- to maintain her rights, and place herself in that position where advancment Sister Jemima W. Smith was pleased to visitors present. could l)e made. The above exercises were interspersed by have the privilege of meeting in conference. We will say nothing" to day. about the place music by the Band, and other vocal and Mention ' woman occupies in this great Republic; nothing instrumental music. cerning. the time when we would not be perA branch association has been organized in about her meager remunerations they could mitted to hold meetings.. Her parents died ' when she wa3 young but her mother had GlenTrood, Vice Pres. Louisana Heppler never be termed Salaries. Nothingt about her ho uT" . go vjern taejxt bV.officsrs thrust taught her true principles She had learned presiding;'over it. . her voice or consent, but will speakonlyof her. -- the Te Bean. Cor. Sec'y M.Xlia;-!Elo,, read-frolatform" status of her -- knowledge-of " arithmetic" by "the numbers of AN ADDRESS. education, chapters and verses. She said her great aim IS our desire,, tod a v., not to h It innnl sfinsaf , Strange as it may seemweJfiadjirrayo. in iiie was to work for the dead. Had had j but tejachjpjitiQffarda-tbe-hearU:.andrmiiids- r but little asjoeiation againsturcause"maiiy of our, own sex. We ' earth -- and of and there have only two causes to advance station um- amongst us, "was "desirous of meeting those who had gone time-triefew a unsullied facts.. reationable state. before. Like all other true progessive movements,our That woman who is opposed to us either Sister Phebe Kartchner said: "No matter cause has its firm adherents and its determined rdoes not understand Tisror'irnaneowanTTac"-in- g hqwimuch wealth x)r education: werrnayhave foes,whose opposition like that of many other courage to break through the flimsy we will not be happy, or be able to do much unfortunate antagonists, is due to a blindness cobweb barriers, which retard her progress. good unless we have a good honest heart. I in regard to our purpose, a misunderstandinc "But" a certain says party, 'We do not trust we will be be faithful and true as our of our aims. This fact is confirmed want to make family trouble." , by the mothers have been. The Gospel is worth livof -forth Make array known to every member of your family brought by many. ing for; it brings joyamlmiort to our hearts A womanarguments who is and the ambitious is aspiring object of your aspirations, and you and home3." ' By reading or praying we are termed "masculine" will etc. have Such the hearty of every often enabled to drop the cares of life and would occasion no change of feeling appellation son . father, Jbujsb then go on with our work more cheerfully." in..Qnfi,.who stood he Let them know that our purpose is not a ., upon-tv. i i nr.. ground of purpose" ,iauiwsbu54iautr-'jrraancia- i reports were read. and . determination, except, perhaps, one of selfish one: that,although you may not (in their The officers of the Stake and the various lor such a lack of wisdom. pity estimation) have the power to train and teach wards were presented and sustainod. Can it be, sisters, that your star of intelligence men and women there is a time when you leave Pres. Emma S. Smith was desirous of living and advancmeut can fade in the them solely in our' charge; that it is then the simple regard au as to meet me aear ones on the other side. m your position m tne estimation of the general condition of your mind and your power to Hoped wh ile on earth sh p. public? OrisLitpossible Jthatyimipur.poe' Ia;he-- s iwayeof: these 5orro nation." parents and lor the day in which we live, opinions. When thi3 is done r thev will nroudlv co- :....,,wsome at bpoke length on our being prepared ,.But, say a thousand voices, woman's mission operate with: you. If they do uot keep it a to meet the Redeemer at his is and the to be a wife. Her desire should be to educoming secret. Do not let the world know that you happiness we have in teaching our children cate herself in the skilful performance of her are tied to, and associated with such nonentity the principles of the Gospel. household duties.l True, indeed, but ours is a such sordid intelligence. A few very interesting remarks were made mm & loftier ambition. You would eduhigher Woman! Do you "not know it is you who by Pres. Lorenzo H, Hatch after which concate wives: we would educate mothers, which make the atmosphere from which future men ference was adjourned for six months. education embraces all. and omen will imbibe purity and intelligence - June 1 there was a tU r mpAf inn. She k counted "and" "Or sin and ignorance? That it is forr-th- e in your3 to sisterar There" were nwnr in for her mortal body, with a view to bemake or; mar the brightness of future lives? pares teresting subjects spoken upon. Among them ing strong perfect in health ' and physical That it is you who is expectedjo lay the founda- - ; were me amies ot wives and mothers, implicit organism, that she may engender this perfection: tion for ;that great regeneration which will lead confidence in our Heavenly Father and the uuc no oier -tar me wno . ui,uu lOojw ard ape rJectlile uuuuiu, adds to this attribute intelligence, wisdom and Jjeessiiyf Do not misunderstand me. I do not mean to, well paid lor cominsr and expressed a rleirp ta knowledge which alone gives refinement' of Jetract iromthe gou3mlsikn.ofiaz idea .axacir-r--- "wouloTTf tlie tune were mine portray my - . ; -- .:. " -- as truc-tion.. ; : tipon-herwi- the-intellige- nt tor-thi- ..lj d i- - rz " office-seekin- - g" on co.:: r . - ' - : ; r . -- ; . ight -wh- o-nurtures -- - 