EX PON ENT. VVOMA N S G2 Mrs. Susan S. Young thought it would bo inquest, upon the "bodies of Josef b Smith and to" my Father in heaven, He will carry us 'safely. through mid we will. conic cfT victorious well for us all to read more from good 'books, Hyrum bimth, iilcd ucioucr 25, 1044if we are obedient and faithful. In my labors she could always find something new, testi. J. li. IiACKKNSTOS, Clerk." fied to the troth of vork in which we arc enThe document does not appear to have been in the Temple.'! feel I am .as near my Father &3 I can get, at times I feel that our dear ones gaged, and said "I stand a3 a living witness of filed until four months after the tilling and the who have passed away are very near ua, as it3 truth, in the great trial I was called to pass" inquest. There can be no doubt as to its genuine Brother Wells say?, the veil is getting very through last fall, I felt I had not the strength ness. It is written on an excellent quality of old thin between the living and the dead, the ro rndnrfi it. but I kent tlTe word of wisdom' style' line foolscap, faintly ruled, and is discolored more work we do for the dead, the greater and prayed to my bavenly Father in. great by time. So far as known, the only person now our desire to do for them. When 1 leave faith and I have gained in health' ever sinco, living who was on that jury is Mr. George C. the Temple and come to this City I feel as I acknowledge, the hand of the Lord in it all."' Mr. Waggoner, of Pilot Grove township. I was iir another world; but wejnust -- Mrs. liorman bore a faithful, testimony, and though the Smith saw the found who Griffiths, paper, not be d iscouraged, the-daof our redemption spoke of the goodness of God to us as a peo-- , the of member was a lie Carthage is killing, ; . nigh and may we never falter." pie. Grays that'guarded the jail. . Mrs. E. Stevenson loved to meet with those Mrs. Julia C. Howe spoko upon faith and who had been associated with the Prophet3 also of the wisdom the young ladies manifested and Apostles, and had borne the heat and in their meetings, thought they were making L. D. S. WOMEN'S MEETING: burden of the day, she would rather abidnjn great progrs in gaining true knowledge. s the House of the Lord on than Related a dream in which the Lord had said, ' The regular meeting of the notbe there; thought it was more difficult will preserve my people." "I sisters was held m the 14tU ward Assembly now than ever to raise our children right, had A number of sisters bore testimony and Rooms July 19, 1890, Mrs. M. I. Homo preonce heard Brother Taylor fay that the many excellent things! weresaiu. to bless and siding Meeting opened- with singing, prayer. PronhetJosenh-v-hr- r o eucourago ino fcioters ju metr xai J j wa3 oilered by Mrs. b. btevenson, singing . would never Mrs. Stevenson sooke coucernincr our. trials apostatize,. it. was that he should . . 1 : " When the "voice of friendship's heard," Pres. attcnu ' and advised' all to be humble and go to the tonis prayers night and morning. Home made opening remarks which were very A prayer wa3 then offered for a sick boy by Lord with their troubles and He would help inand times the the of the of sign3 Mrs. Mary Silver, and a hymn was sung by the them in every time of need, if we have faith suggestive difference that existed among the. .people, decongregation. enough we can always get comfort. Coun. S. M. Kimball said she was struck plored the lack of zeal and earnestness in Pres. Home added a few words of encouragespiritual things and urged the sisters to attend with the request of Sister Silver in her nraver ment and the meeting was adjourned for two" "to every duty devolving upon them. LWas that the Lord send an ancel to touch the child weeks, sung Doxology, benediction by Mrs. thankful for all the trials she had endured and .with a Jiealing-f-' he' t she Lord Brown. i ogerr though t : had whiclnher through had done that on many occasions.. In conMrs. Sarah Phelps win had been absent Saturday Aug. 30th, PresHorne presiding versing with Brother Wells once he made the be to some for Saints the from time, rejoiced remark that we had come out of Babylon, but meeting opened with. singing. V'Q; say what is the realized midst of in the sisters, many had brought Babylon with U3, we would not truth" prayer by Mrs. M. Silver, singing t(0, again of us were growing old but our childreu have believed ten years ago that we would ba in my Father," minutes read and approved. would come forward and carry on the work Pre3. Home spoke upon the 'Golden Rule, the we are today. I rejoice that the ' ... condition . . ,. we bad begun. i.. time 13 not raruistantrwten Christ will reign, and what happiness its observance would bring Pres. E. S.Taylor gave an account of her I about, spoke of the need of seeking to correct hope the Lord will help U3 to dispense peace recent visit through Oneida Stake, where the comfort and joy, it is the mission of us all, we our own weaknesses, and of the humility necessisters had held 28 meetings during their trip. ot errors but if we are hunble the sary for those who stand up to teach the prinRemarked whai a large number of children are:uii Lord will be merciful. ciples of truth- .- Mrs. Waterfall made a few SO . counted little therewere , in Chesterfield, Dr. Barney, "We are all different in nur remarks and expressed her great desire to do commended row on one of seats; boy3 very feelings until we are touched with thft nirif. good and live faithful. V.-highly the diligence of the sisters there in Mrs. M; A. r Freeze"?pokeTtrpoii;t hareflects'of" of the Holy Ghost, then we are one, the events meeting3 "ln"61Qglmay"fialll6gi, we nave been looking lor in years past are prayer, and the need of acknowledging the uch long distances. at our doors. Our enemies cfnU hand of the Lord iu all things eysa.nd&Uu Sisters Seabeck, E.JStevenson, J. C. HoweA right 'and:hoW""hjlrditwa3r" rjfrorarthVstoTeta ILITajclyT we had the spirit of the Lord with us. It is we serve the Lord we must suffer it persecu- Barney each made brief remarks. Dr. Barney tiou. We must not waste oiir time but hardest, when our children go astray, yet we edugave some of her experience in conversing with cate our children to fill our places." know the Lord suffers nothing to come. to his strangers, thought- - the time not far distant, .iura. iii. onver s nose uoan vot nr. " f w people except what will eventually be K)r Tthe when many would come here and receive the cannot vote ourselves now as we did formerly oest good of. his children. Gospel. Pre3. Horno said she could bear the we can Hrs. ."Watmough and Pres. M, Mc'Master neip and influence our fathers, hussame testimony of the people in Sanpete Stake bands and SOm. I think if. i nn imnnVfV,.f : and.several other sisters spoke of the temptathat Sister Taylor had of those in Oneidarre-joiee- d tions now before the young and. upon other uty. in the sisters' meetings, and wished there Mrs. M. E.A. WatmouTh PAVO- --Sftmo rrrrA interesting subjects, and related some circumiiVVV-C- I- 15'""vvere moreueistGrs who realized the importance advice to mothers. stances of marvelous healing of the sick. of meeting together for mutual benefit. Her Coun. B. W.fiaiirh Mrs. Harriet Young said: "It lVa great satlovdTor the Gospel had jjjrowu stronger in her marks. isfaction fto Meetiusr to me adiourned speak to my sisters, I have fifty years experience; said iL. was westy-'fiv' been in "Great the God Church a long time and have had" to Thee," singing years since these meetings were organized if SaUirday August TCth, Pres. M. I. Home much experience. All who know me know her memory was correct on the subject. Ad- that I am naturally sceptical;" gave her ideaof " laurnedfo r 4 nging- - 'AVWuHshalb .presidmgMeeting-opene- d bf i"BrgtDr1,Oh u. n t v my,Father" prayer by Mrs. J. Pack, singing baptism,- and the necessity 'of explaining 'it to ir uuiia wo uu meet tigaiu, it utueuauuu vj inra. "Guide us, O, thou great Jehovah." Minutes our children. Pack. .;. Pres. Horne announced the R. S. Conferread and approved. In Pres. Home's opening ence on the 11th of September and hoped those Saturday August 2nd, Coun. B. W. Smith remarks she referred to a. meeting she had a tended mGranite where Pres. Woodruff and present would urge the sisters to come to the ' presided at the meeting, singiug was followed with prayer by Mrs. Julia Pack, singing "For Brother Penrose had been the speaker?, and Conference.; Meeting adjourned for four weeks, the strength ;0tlthehins:Wfrblesarhce4-minateSungThrtinre theyiad srmkm very of previous meeting read and approved. which very httle could be Mrs. Elizabeth Stevenson. : ac6ompiished, that by Mrs. Rachel Grant wa3 the first speaker,ske : is pleasing m the light of the Lord. Read Vilate R. Youno, Sec, a had been absent a long time and had visited some -- of- the settlements" of "our "people : in upon X aith, and : R. S. REPORTS. spoke earnestly upon the sub: Colorado, they are very desirous, that others ject, also read a revelation upon baptism-fo- r should visit them they need encouragement, ' ' tue dead, andadvised tKn R!a?nra : ' tn -UTAH STAKE. : they need assistance, the speaker gave a irom tins book, and ravo Pviisnf graphic account of the condition of the settle-ju?i- i it 3aud.5pake-"eloque- n tly--u pon tke;traie3n injhe Meeting Ilouse-Pro- vo a strong testimony gave utuimnessjne President 'ivnfeh wo are" living-an- d the great events Uty. Mary John presiding, with Joseph the Prophet, referred to the her Counselor Marilla concerning us. M. Daniels. Sister Lucy around transpiring he received from the Lord great blessings B. and Coun. Minerya W, Snow, said "re ere layloung also present, Conference opened by the vast amount of work ho ing up treasures in heaven, as I grow older I ice tourteen vear3 ba nrrii? accomplished in singing and prayer, reading of minutes :i)f can see that the trials I ha vo passed through 0onfereil,e, written, reports from the ana .he sealed , his ;tcstimo3 wWh u i e r en t b ra n ches-thrhave been good for me and brought we nearer g;ftM Ur J also read.- - -- . y - . half-ration- semi-monthl- y . . - -- . . . m : -- rr . . , 4 -- : , - l - e wa-vseekse-- -- ..:,. - 1 . " our r strong-oriiithTwith- -- :cMthe - Ja :l . 0 Aug---2mn89- to . T.J?' mi . : : . 