II. i I I IQIil'S ' - 1 ! is i t , m. rrm. -f SALT LAKE CITY, U VA H, SEPTEMBER 15, 1890. Vol. 19. No. 7. . CONTENTS. Another Woman's Thoughts - Rights of the Women of Zionrandlhe Rights jof the Women of all Nations. T7 . E. T. Hephzi bah. Extracts, Letter from Teton Emily Glara-Bart- on We Woman's TomnaI--Ho- w Spend Our Time L. Freeze. R. S. Reports, Hunter Sixth Ward. Logan E. Townsend. Ward. Mrs. Leavitt in Denmark. Extract from a Letter L. B. T. Book Notice. Notes and News. " Editorial. The Times in which we are Liv- Th- AVomelitjOleHihgs teresting Items S. G. R. Agricultural College. Letter to the Sisters Zina D. H. Young. To Publishers. Whittier's Letter "to a Friend. Wo" man's Suffrage in Logan. Poetry. Love's Calling By Lu. Our Coun try T. G. Whittier. The Lady Pioneers Ellen Jakeman. ... ..4. . No lack was in thy primal stock. 7 ' No founders builded weakling herejJ Tfiine were the men of Plymouth Rock, The Puritan and Cavalien HEPHZIBAH. xxvnr. , And they whose firm endurance gained The freedom of the souls of men, Whose hands unstained in peace maintained: The s wordless commonwealth of Penn. . iAnd Jhine $ljall berths. piiweroC alL To do the work that duty bids; And make the people's Council Hall As lasting as the Pyramids. -- Our lives are full of mystery so deep; We cannot fathom all the years may bring, The angels have somesecretswhichjhey keep We hear the music, not the words they sing. l Hepjie reJ;uned to 1 ' relafceaWcWcerm tives. She felt however that she had discharged her duty, and given them the benefit of her testimony; and a strong one it was, and her conscience was clear what ever might transThy lesson all the world shall learn, pire in the future, even were Harold to return, The nations at thy feet shall sit; she had left a message with his brother, that Earth's farthest mountain tops shall burn would touch his heart, if he had a spark of With watchfires from thine own uplit. how-gre- at true affection left- - therein, for Great, without seeking to be great a sacrifice she had made in leaving her fraud or rich in By conquest gold, LOVE'S CALLING. home, knew all her aspirations," all her exBut richer in the large estate pectations, and how willing she had been to Of virtue which thy children' hold; endure toil and hardship with him for the BY LU. sake of the Gospel, all thi3 Oney would re- With peace that comes of purity, " peat to Harold should he ever returnr And strength to simple justicellue; E'iTiaveTl:aireJwTth earnest entreaty, The few days that were left Hepsie, after her So runs our dream of thee: Still am kept waiting from morning "till noon, return to make final preparations for the God of our fathers! "make it true. Then all the evening, no word receiving, journey into the wilderness (as it was termed) AH these long days of our beautiful June, Oh, land of lands! to thee we give were very busy ones; and in fact she did not Have you closed the doors of your dwelling, Our love our trust, our service free; give a decided answer to those with whomfihe Sailed off afar to some strange, unknown sea, For thee thy sons shall nobly live, was going, until the night before Reaving the Whose billowy waves, ever repealing, And at thy need shall die for thee- .City. A great mental struggle wa3 going on XoveV olive branches extended to thee? in Hepsife'a mind, notwithstanding her outward Hav all the white doves sent thee, gone astray? composure.. Her farewell to her mother was Shall I never hear an echo or tune, WOMAN'S ANOTHER THOUGHTS. a terrible ordeal, and yet she went through it v From one poor rover, joyous or sober, $,0, one ever, knew ?diLl?PaI?J&IJ5?!iSfiSWhile bidding farewell to, beautiful June? sef-unrlertand-- " ver sinca.X came-toyeE "but effort what the cost her, Her. herself, feiJerchahce you wa4fc the valley of silence," nave 1 to " lelt ing mother must not Mow, she said over and over Where-voice- s are dumb, to the as that be, I powers just subjection to herself. In some far away Utopian island, know that an intelligent thinking woman can Even after Hephzibah had left Nauvoo, and Where never the light of other days cornel do not work be her the. and in assigned had as she supposed, met all the opposition . Nor e'en shadows of love's fostering care, How can woman a forth bondage; bring that could be brought to bear against the That surrounded your infant years tender obedient children is when her heart seething like fall she was taking, there was still one more incense course o'er your way of prayer. E'er with her. bitterness own condition? How at To be treasured in memory everl effort made to induce her to remain within the she can teach sons her own and daughters Dear one's at home that made all things so bright, borders of civilization.' lawsto revere do that not alleviate her .Childhood rambles, o'er hillside and meadow, It is well understood by those acquainted wrongs? If mankind is to enjoy true freedom Varied sports of each season's delight, with Mormon that at the time of the the mothers must be free, but, as E. T. Crane exodus from history, With the glad Christmas days of December. Nauvoo, the company took, away Watson says, "I do not see that we shall be Time's chisel is carving, his hand none can stay, with them, what was known as the famous greatly benefited by being conspicious in a Nauvoo brass band under the direction of Sturdy workman, he tarrieth never! There's no delay for the grave or the gay, political primary meeting, or at the polta for Capt. Wm. Pitt. The music of the band" I think the root of the trouble lies a great deal With the whole world he moves on forever. helped to cheer the saints upon their journey, The glory of morning blends into noon deeper. Men must have a true love for right and while encamped on Sugar Creek dispelled, While the shadows of evening soon follow, and justice ere they will accord with woman in the first dark hours of gloom-tha- t" hung.over" -- Some all her righ tsrandnivom hopes fondly eherished, perished "with June, who had just left their homes, the saints,of love and respect, ere good men can accede Still we look for a coming "tomorrow." orchards, gardens and worldly possessions to them, so I can see no sol u tion of the problem Atchison, Kan. go into a new and uncivilized region, not' only,through the light that a true religion knowing what was to befall them, only to trust can give. A religion that will purify all from in One.whose OUR COUNTRY. jsdfishne and with unswerving faith the leaders of the exaltation of all human beings above sin, Church took upon themselves the task of The following poem was contributed by J. G. .Whittier. -- sorrow, and suffering, In truth the religion for a resting place for their people. to be read at the reception given to Mrs. Mary C. Logan that comes only irora Hun who gave His life searching Whil& i n Iowa the citizens - of " Farm ington by Mrs to saver frumam 7r.""'""T who knew of their journey ings, (and many of Mass., Aug. 14, 1890: , As we are expecting Christ to come and them had been Mormons and apostatized) sent .. Our thought of thee is glad with hope, feign on earth We have no doubt but that raJuussjbiintLtameer-andivfrthe- m 1 1 IIIknown that ritts was "Woman's Dear country of our love and prayers; causeTwrth all otherjust causes, wi some music; it was well Thy way is down no fatal slope, ultimately triumph, but the question of to day the best band anywhere in the vicinity; and But up to freer sun and airs. is, what is the best method to bring about the the Farmington folks were very glad of this desired result? . 1 L opportunity to have a concert. Accordingly Tried as by furnace fires, and yet I fear our emancipation is distant, the, sub the band and some of the young people who JBy God's grace only stronger made. ject may be. agitated, woman be taught to were siugers consented to this arrangement. In future tasks before thee set think, may be preparing for the day of deliver- - l5occasionwas jju iite ja jovial oneV consider e Thou shalt not lack the aid. ance, but not until the Gospel is understood irg all the peculiarities of the circumstances. The fathers sleep, but men remain and has sanctified, the human family will Hephzibah was one of the incited guests, As true and wise and brave as they; and as she realized it was perhaps the last time woman obtain her true position. the loss count without e woujd hay the Why T. gain The teinharwe'hlo-ct- r ng' fn ah entertainment of the kind- - for a long Aug:':fT:s"", he-kne- w' -- !al . , - -- &f , s jrerjel-gaiHSt;jyoman4iii''- l., sealed-and-languagei- s - -- w -- old-tim- , - 7 