WOMAN'S (fate of Nov. 6, 1890 and speaks of the various Conferences in the niissidn in Sweden, Norway EXPOJS'KN'J The manifesto of President Wilford Woodruff - " folIowsTp " -- e-Saints 1 ' non-Morm- on - j . 1 . re-elec-i- By-La- ws n - -F 0 R EI G N L ETTE R . LonJon, W. C, Drar Sister Wells: -- I take pleasure in informing you as to the con- dition of the North London Ladies' Relief Society since our last report. We are so few in numbers; our working members7 who attend faithfully, and even somp of these are Jttjie-DanaHias-only- -jzx time for visiting the Saints. However, we are of officers of the fdoing the best we can, and are grateful for the Utah County Woman Suffrage Association for blessed opportunities that occur to enable us to the ensuing year, was held at Provo in the Meet- neip roil on this' mighty torji. We have re- A meeting for the UTAH OFFICERS IN CONGRESS. spoke in behalf of Pleasant Gtove. Mrs. Webb .and Mrs. Lapish spoke very yp? ritcdH" .111 made many good points. The PresidenL Mis. Gates" then nlaujLquite a pltheti(rappeal to the sisters, giving some very good reasons why she had not sncceeded'ih ful- filling her anticipations. The business cf was then attended to, Mrs. Joanna Patten was sustained as President for jtheJcoming tei'm of-- , -- office (one year) and -- Mrs. Electa TBullcek-Fir- st Vice "Pres. Mrs. Deborah Billings Second Vice Pres. Mrs. Maria Horrocks Third Vice Pres. Mrs. Alice II. Wiikin .Chairman Executive Board Mrs. Rebecca H. Doolah Recording Secretary Miss Mabel Thurman Cor. Sec. Mrs. Jane Jones Treasurer. The names of 'five ladies were pre. seated as members of the Ex. Board whose names were a guarantee tTuMTy were capable of the; work. The., business of having been completed, the newly 'elected "President-Mrs- -. Patten raade some very suitable remarks in an innocent and unaffected tone and'inarineK Mrs. E. B. Wells addressed the audience for some time setting forth the advantages for the development' of women through being connected with these Associations and urging all to woik ia the interest of woman's advancement, referred to the great need of woman's he!pin. many public -and : places, where women were the necessity of preparation to perform one's part well. Referred to the practical experience the women of Utah had in the exercise of the elective franchise and to the way in which it was taken from them because they voted according to their own best judgment in the matter. Mrs. Wells then read the Constitution and recently National-Americathe V, S. A. and prepared by some of the items to the ladies present explained Thought .Utah .County with a pasd up rnetKber-shi- p of nearly five hundred ought to send a delegate rom their Association to- the Convention' in Washington. Spoke also of the Woman Suffrage , Song Book about to be issued in Salt Lake City After some deliberation the ladies sang "Praise God from whom all blessings flow," meeting adjourned for one month and the ChapJain offered - v r; , the closing prayerr I and Denmark. Of Christiana "he says, "Sunday "Mr. Caine added iohis letter that this declathe 1 2th (October) three services were herd at ration was entitled Inany con whicbthe principles of the Gospel were explained sideration thaf might be given the subject.-an- d to crowded houses. The halFwill seat about 400 seemed indeed conclusive and "the very result at and it was full of people each time. About half which the Government has been aiming so long.' "In the conversation which took place when this that. number were friends and strangers. Norletter was delivered,it was objected that Mr. Caine wegian evergreens, interwoven with flowers tastefully displayed, formed the decorations of the and the president would have to meet the spedfu. room."" On Monday we held a priesthood meeting cation of forty cases with more than a general in and the evening the Sunday School children denial, and that the president was without authorhad a sociable tvhich was well attended. Refresh ity to change the doctrines of the Church - that raents were served to the children free. On this belonged, if to any, to the high council or Wednesday evening the sisters of the Relief general'conference. "Mr. Young, Mr. Cannon and Mr. Caine have, Society held a Fair at which they realized quite a sum of money to be used for charitable purwith some others, presented the claims of their "ChrohnoHCOTfideiffre poses --Andersoa-went toStockholm there-he-sa- ys 4tAfterthe- - conversatloffwithMr."Caineefe have a commodious hall in Hornsgaten, followed (October 6th) a general conference of 'beautiful decorations graced the building," at the Mormon Church, and the proclamation above the first meeting the hall was filled with people. set forth was unanimously ratified. Addresses It is the largest Conference in the Mission there were there made to the people on the subject by are over 1,400 members now, and during the past the president and leading apostles. six months 99 have been baptized and many are "What is expected because of these proceed; investigating the principles of the Gospel." ings, is no doubt, a removal of the Utah Com During the past six months 312 baptisms have mission; the preservation of the elective franchise taken place in the mission." to the members of the church in all the States and This seems to be a very cheering statement and territories; where they may be and a test. oath " B rother And erson th n ks more Id ers are ne ed e d may be required of them; a restoration of the in that land. By this record it dees not appear property of the. Church; and possibly the ad that "Mormonism" is dying out as some people mission of Utah to Statehood with or without a . imagine, far from it. test oath' against polygamy. The p'resent laws should not however, be changed on these pro fessions alone. These can be unmade by the FROM THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. same body that has made them. The "revelation" UTAH. sanctioning polygamy remains unchanged. The The increasing number ai d influence ot the Mormons, by their works, must prove their decla population in Utah are observed rations to be made in good faith, abandon poly - with gamy and conform to the practices of our people sattsfection.TheTeceflrletteroPAVilfoTd; Woodruff. President of Vie Mormon Church, in in social and home life, acknowledge and prove their allegiance to the United States Constitution :jphich he advises his people to refrain from contracting any marriage. forbidden by the laws of by obedience to the laws made pursuant thereto tke land, has attracted wide attention, and-i- t is by a loyalty equal in time and strength - to their hoped that its influence will be highly benepast disobedience. The present system of laws ficial in restraining infractions of the laws of the against .Mormon practices has been constructed United States. But the fact should not be overby legislative wisdom, sanctioned by judicial de looked that the doctrine or belief of the Church cree, and enforced by the Chief Executive of the that polygamous marriages are rightful and supnation. Its object is not attained by securing ported by Divine revelation remains unchanged. proclamation of obedience from those who have accom-plishe- d President Woodruff does not renounce the so long resisted it. Its purposes will only when the qpposing system shall have doctrine, but refrains from teaching it, and advises against the practice of it because the law is lost its power, even if it regains the will, to work ' against it. Now it is quite true thatthe law the evils of the past. The work of the Utah Commission in supershould not attempt to deal with the faith or belief of any one, but it is quite another thing; and vising recent elections is set forth, as, presented the bnlysafe thing is to deal with the Territory of in thetr report previeusly published. Tr"r". Utah so that thoso whe believe polygamy to be rightful shall not have the power to make it law? UTAll CO., W. S. A. -th- J re-electi- on The suggestion of his Excellency, Governor 00: to :ThoTnas,"for additional Iesla SusaY. Gates the retiring President of the Asso the poor, 'andassjstiige.'rai school iandsF irrigationtc.v elation in- - therchair. - Oh the : platifbrm were bur meetings - of granting :iauds monthly, and enjoy the Spirit of the are set forth in detail. The. demand for a public seated Mrsr E. B. Wells of Salt Lake City, and: Lord very much although so few ia number. We building for Federal officers at Salt Lake City, some of the local omcers of the W. S. A, among i ar? hopeful that we may b is also urged, as a "- measure of eebnomy, For the them Mrs. Electa Bullock and Mrs Joanna the Relief Society in Zion so are encouraged to protection of the public records. Patten; and the Secretaries Mrs Rebecca K. press on, and do our duty day by clav. We are The Secretary presents the governer's recomDoolan and Miss Eveline Billings, Mrs. Mary deeply intereited in the. Exponent it 'is inVal-abl- e mendations in reference to additional legislation Mrs. M. Marilla John, to us, and It is looked for by one -- and all, "we Daniels, Mrs. Alice M on the Mormon question, and adds: Vice from Presidents and learn-s- o branch assoThurman; much by it, what ou roisters .'ae d&njj" ". ''Since the period at which the Governor wrote, ciations in other parts were also present. t hojisaaii.of-ralle- s a wayy-w- h e re t h e.hererTi-.soho we ver, great changes have taken place inthe: much larger and the SpiriHs cnjoyeXo professions of the Mormons and the pubjicdecla a 3 jn rayster iojj way.'LlPray ex wasLe ffered by the .exteavand-we-fe- el eocourageti thefioy ta gft on' ' TafioBs"T)fhTfb7mon Church. ""There was Chaplain of the day Mrs. Annie K. Smoot, sing-in- ? preparing ourselves to be worthy recipient" handed to the Secretary of the Interior by John "O, Godur help in ages past." Minutes of of. those blessirfgs; which are 'in. s'tdre' for'he T T. Caine, Delegate to Congress from Utah, a laitmal worke rs ia Christ VKingdo.m.' jjrevi 0 u sjs esiingrereiead-aa- d approredlsorih wiiftea communication of October 1 iSgo, In Treasurers report for thepast year. Praying that the blessings of heaven ma v rev which attention was called to the fol'owing declar . Repaxi&fflg&aJby.M'ra, Tatlonof Wilford Woodruff, president and hisrhest of Lehi. Mrs. Hannah LaDish. Vice Pres. nf Your Sister in the Gospe!, - " authoritTof that Church. American-- Fork also Mrs. Elizabeth Brown who '. - M. E. , Scolds, Sec. - - a'ar -- -- MAV-eUrV-cfr-Pres- ; . f -- - . 