WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. GG he could 0 forth armed and equipped as hunter aud trapper. He would often refuse food "when hungry and go an entire day without, sleeping on the hard ham floor, on logs or -- rocks and a favorite place was on a mossy rock back of their cattle shed. Thus he became a perfect enigma, a "puzzle hard to solve or define, by either his own family or others, while to his comrade?, he was a perfect Nimrod, and after an event, by which he saved the life of one ofj them, by shooting a catamount a3 it sprang down upon him from a high .ledge "of rock, he was by universal consent crowned a veritable . hero ! the story oft repeated, with thrilling variations, won for him. quite a. local fame. Robert was blest with a sound elastic constitution, patient and cheerful under privation, indefatigable in research and indomitable in -- endurance, overflowing with energy and de It easy for hi m "his mother to Bell the homestead and other, "property, put it into money and go with him to the "Far West," to find his beloved iileal of a hunting ground." Indeed, I do not think it would have been a hard matter for him to have prevailed upon her to go with him into the uttermost parts of the earth; so exceedingly great wa3 her love and faith in this her only son. But Robert was too considerate to take his mother into an entire wilderness of country. It was therefore arranged after a visit to Augusta through the winter, to go on together to a town near the could be surshe Mississippi rounded by home comforts,and at a convenient distance for him to come to see her sometimes, until he had a suitable place of abode prepared for her. It was three veare before Robert felt justified in removing his much loved mother to this new home in the wilderness, fifteen miles to the nearest trading post, and until about that time, forty miles to U. S. P. 0. The Scotch m an who wen t. from Maine, with them, took a claim of Government land adjoining Robert's and erected his cabin as near as possible to be neighbors, 88 well as for protection, against invaders etcMrs.Doufrlas also a mained atjthe same nlace.witkRobert's mother.-these men with their colored servants were all the inhabitants of the place while preparing for the dear ones waiting. Now it came to pass while they were tarrying in anticipation of a home in the wildnerness (in the then "Far West) that they were both invited to attendaj-eligioumeetingtoJe held at the house of a relative by whom thev received the invitation to attend. Mrs. Alby accepted the invitation joyfully without any curiosity regarding sect or creed,she was raised in a Christian home and dedicated to the Lord in infancy by her. parents, and although her privileges had been few for attending religious worship, duriusr her earlv married lift W r sought to live- - the life of a - truefbllo werot ohrist, the bavior of mankind; not so with Mrs. Douglas, "she was a staunch Presbyterian-anmust be informed of the denominational name." She therefore declined the invitation ' as the name of the sect was not given. The: meeting proved to be very inspiring . m wA3-ver- to-pers- ua y River-where-- ' , ; 3 . d f han n f ( hot r fr? n7 1 fn r " fin forgive us, and may God in mercy forgive, for in our 'blind i rage -- we had forgotten Him, or that He would hold" us accountable, we now believe that you are true ihg7 "OTsirsT k in d I v warning them they assured hinl"' that they could not, and dare not withdraw from their engagement to preach on the morrow. "We are impressed," said they, "that our Lord has some wonderful work to perform by this means, and though Satan i3 abroad stirring up the hearts of the people against it, we will not shrink from danger, for He, whom we serve will preserve r us, if it is for. His honor and glory." They then bade their friend, to be of good cheer, saying, "we will go in the name of the Most High, expecting His presence and l)les?ing." The sermon was preachedjit the- appointed time- - aud- - place, several were filled with the spirit of prophecy, many spoke in tongues, and one hymn. was sung by a young woman in a voice. of angelic sweetness and purity, when to the astonishment of all, who knew Mrs. Alby, she arose, rfacajianLJia.d sfrinirig-iril- lL "exceeding brightness, and interpreted both the' language spoken and sungin such u'manner as to show forth the power of the living that I could give from memory all the wwd3 as interpreted.and convey to your minds the peauuiui pictured scene given oy one, ana interpreted by Mrs. Alby, of over eighteen hundred year3 ago, when a company of shepherds' were "keeping the silent watches of the night on the plains of Palestine." When startled bv a celestial florv that shoneround and about them, they looked up in wonder and amazement and saw a .bright and glorious angel poised on golden pwnons and Jieardtha announcement that the Messiah had come. And suddenly the brightness of the glory was increased and the heavenly effulgence dazzled mortal vision, while a multitude of the angelic host, the choir of the great Church above, with songs of praise to the Omnipotent Jehovah accompanied by the melody, swelled, vibrated and rolled on and on, through the vast cathedral of the boundless Universe. - Another spoke of : the mystery' of heaven" of its joy and freedom from all evil. All the services were trebly calculated to strike profoundest awe .into the human mind, and toT teach, man his littleness as. in the presence of - . and not impostors as we had thought." They clasped hands with heartfelt emotion.and sincere forgiveness and assurance of God's forgiving mercy to the penitent. Then for a few moments (by request of the Elders,) all present,knelt in prayer, from which these men arose subdued and - humbled, both" acknowledging "that it wa3 the first time that they had knelt in' prayer since they; were children, and taught to say the Lord's prayer at their mother's knee, and repeat little prayers in verse, nor had they for a score of years at tended any religious worship and all this time had been scoffers and unbelievers in all men, servants of God, - ., " THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS, God.-Woul- d Th9 Association for the. Ad vancment of Women will hold it3 eighteenth annual congress in Toronto, Cahada.on the 15th, 16th and 17th of October, by invitation of: the Mayor and City Council. Executive sessions at 10 a. m. .Public sessions at 2.30 and 8 p.m. At evening sessions an admittance fee of cents will be charged. A contwenty-fiv- e ference of officers only will be. held on Oct. 14, : at 7.30 p.m. Toronto is preparing a royal welcome for the Woman's Congress. On the 20th 'ult., a number of ladies and gentlemen met in the Council Chamber at the Citv Hall to arrange for its reception. A large executive committee wasappointed to take charge of the arrangements. Special committees were appointed on reception, on hotels and billeting,, on rooms and decorations,. on the press, on finance and on railroads. lhe, 1 " Jeht)Tahrthe some, and thoughtfully all dispersed while the Elders went their lodgings where a sumptous Christmas dinner was prepared and where a young couple were in waiting to have the marriage ceremony performed. All passed off quietly and pleasantly, many saying "This Js the happiest Ghristmasday they ever'Fnw," when suddenly they were startled by a knock at the front door; they thought in their hearts, "enemies have come;" reluctantly the door was opened; by a man in attendance, there stood two tall,-muscular men muffled so that only a small portion of their taces could be seen, lney said "we wish to see the Elders" their voices reera or several the household, lhe bride who had been united (to the man of her choice was just a niece of one of ' them, and both" were well aware of his hatred of the "Mormons" and of broad-shouldere- t-were-soon , JCP-.t.9.1(ekan(LJearn.-mo- re . ; - . - ings this year in vr thecity:j : . The topics and speakers for this year will be " a3 follows: ! Woman in the State," " - . Miss Mary F. Eastman, Mass. -.'Practical Value of Philosophy,'" : Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, Rhode Island. Girls' Club. "Working Mrs. Helen Campbell, New Tersey. "More Pedagogy in Universities and Normal Schools," ; Mrs, Mary E. Bundy Illinois. "The G2in and Loss to America of Protracted Art :!''. ':' Miss "Sarah1 Wool Moore, Nebraska. The Scientific Work' and Influence of Dr. Maria - Study Abroad," d, his bitter opposition to their union; they trembled with fear and alarm at the sound of his happilassllred as IMMOfimdentlprophee fdrwardl Jvahcihg day glory were opened up before the minds of to disturb any one; they then took from und-thei- r 4he hearers, and many hearts were stirred with. coats the missives .which had secreted of this new upon their "persons" and withthey which, as they and among them none were more insaid to the Elders, "we had intended to have terested than Mrs. Alby. At the close of the finished your preaching." One carried a large meeting notice was given that on Christmas 'hickory club and the stone, other heavy a a sermon day-would be preached (and other knife aud. mu rderous looki dp nT?f nTr"Mlarge tl-iservice held) at arr aDDointp.r nf Tri,saiu- they, we had planned to two Elder3mntion destroy Yo.urand takethe when we went to the consequences fcu cvcuiug previous a inena was sent to warn meeting, but talked as if you .knew all you them that several opposers had plotted to disabout and words it, were so strange, we your turb the proposed meeting, to thee Jnjure ... vu tuc luu&iug inroucQ us preachers aud perhaps take their lives. For j an ancLthat Almighty powerwasin that placed 4 - .v.. m tucjr Kut'ii m suent prayer, theaii Both held out; theirtandsToTlIe Elders, sav-- 1 -bu- , "From the deep, interest manifested by. those present concerning the object of the ; meeting, there .is , no doubt that the jcoming of the association and the discussions to ta.ke place..willJbe. the - leading : event frf the . fall's- - gather. . 7 . Tt7 - Mitchell,'' - : r - "Woman and the Forum," ' Mrs;" Martha Strickland, Michigan. ' "Special Legislation or Moral Energy;" ' Mrs. Kate Gannett Wells, Mass. "Women in Ancient Egypt," M'SS (3eorSiIoui?e Leonard, Washington D. C ""Scientific Training for Mothers,,, X .... Mass. j404rs -- Frances ' Fisher" Wood' ' of American . "Study History," l.Mrsr Kate Tannatt Woods, Mass. "The Colored Women of the South"' Mrs.iEJizabeth'H. Botume; South CaroUna. ; "A Paper on Ibsen's Plays,'' .. Mrs: EHen M. Mitchell Colorado. ' This is the first time" the A. ; ' ; '' 1 - ' -:-sv- . Aeldjb.aiinual - meeting the United States. It A. W -o- - has utside-the-limitsof promises to be a very interesting and pleasant occassion. The Woman's Club of Leipsic lately held an elaborate celebration on the twenty-fift- h ' of its formation. anniversary 1 