WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "Woman Suffrage- a Growth of Civilization "The Progress of Woman,'i-'Chivalof Re-.- ''.'A. ' Whole form," Humanity,". Where . is the "Our Unconscious Mistake,""Allies." These all were handled ably by intellectual and topics gifted speakers. There is no doubt in the mind of the writer that the union of these two great forces will have a powerful effect in bringing about the desired result that it will hasten more surely and rapidly the ultimate success of the great woman suffrage' movement viz: the enfranchLsment of woman in S tates'. M rsr S tamo n i n somTReso-lution- s prepared by her and presented to the Convention sets forth her ideas in regard to the organized work for the. immediate future. We give them in full, but we are not as yet aware whether tbey have been adopted by the Association as they stand. - 0 - . woman, involving as it does the civil and. politi-' cal rights of one-hathe people; and ry , lf the-Unite- d -- - :on- - thQaesaon,-whic- h shows that there are 10,000 divorces annually in priationfor-a-Report -- the United States and the majority demanded by women; and v Whereas, liberal divorce laws for wives are what Canada was for the Stales a door of escape ".J. frombQndage;.; there fore Resolved, That there be no farther legislation in this question until woman has a voice in the ' ' " state and national government; WhereasyThe fuencan people With noble soul and brave and tender heart And strong in efforts to do good, " Through-fires of persecution thou'st built up A higher, wiser, nobler womanhood. : Unto the weak thou'st strength and courage given, Uplifting them from valleys of despair, And wisdom-welde- d weapons bright and strong To cleave the wrongs thy Sister had to bear. will-powe- Whereas, Our labors with Congress and State Legislatures should henceforward be carried on with renewed determination, zeal and consecra- -' tion; therefore Resolved, That a thorough and widespread of our forces must be secured, that by concentrated action we may make our united ;. powers irresistible at any given time and place. "Whereas, the constitutions of the original thirteen colonies made no distinctions of sex,' and women in the early days exercised the right of ' . suffrage; and Whereas, by the principles laid down, in the Declaration of Independence, and by the letter and spirit of the National constitution women are citizens and voters; therefore ResolvedfThat the disfranchisement of one half the people of the nation is, and always has been. an arrogant assumption of power, by these administering the government. -Whereas,the principles declared by the 14th, slaves citbensA . amendment, making the southern and voters, were all reversed for women, by the . decisions in the test cases carried to .the supreme court; therefore the persecutions of the Freed- ejo the. narrow, policy. ofUbeir-defende- rs, 5.5jixJIf a quarter of century ago,making justice one thing for the black man, and and another for woman, thus confusing the moral sense of the nation, and by denying the application of a principle to one class, jeopardizing the rights of all. Resolved, Th at as the fathers violated the prin- in consenting, to a three-fifth- s ., ciples of justice; representation, recognizing slavery in the constitution, and thereby made'a civil war inevitable; so our statesmen and supreme court judges, by tEeir misrepresentations of the 14th amendment, declaring that the. United States has no voters, and that citizenship does not carry with it the right of suffrage ; have not only prolonged woman's disfranchisementjbut undermined the status of the Freedman, and opened the way for other war ot races. Whereas, It is proposed to have a national law, restricting the right of divorce to .a narrower basis, and has alreadv Whereas.j CnrtiJ-res-O - 4 made an appros TO SUSAN B. ANTHONY. OX HER SEVENTIETH BIRTHDAY RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED. BY MRS. STANTON. -- ' - r and courageous one, True to thyself, thy country and thy cause, To. thee will future generations turn In gratitude, for all tne humane laws Won by thy efforts to have justice done! Unto thy wiseco-workerand to thee. Some day, will woman's thankful life repeat "I bless their names that I too,. I am free!" Self-sacrificin- g " s. NAUVOO WOMAN.' The Nauvoo Independent of Feb. 7, contains the following notice Whicn may be' of interest to' some of the Latter-da- y Saints who formerly resided there. We had, a conversation with the deceased in March 18S6, and she expressed to us her faith in the" principles of the Gospel. Her" children were some of them members of other churches.--- , ;.ANQTtiER. I'ArrSr-Elijabetlt-Clar- OUJTS13rtER-.CON'- : E. One of Nauvoa'klest-settler- s, kj died of influenza complicated with pneumonia, at her residence in the Third ward, at nine o'clock Friday morning, Jan. 31, 1890, aged 77 yearst 9 months and 59 days. Mrs. Clark was born in Lancashire, England, in the year 1812. She was married to "Francis Clark in 1831, and Ihey came to this city in 184 r; the children .born to them being six sons and four daughtersSarah, William, John, Eber, Joseph, Alfred, Margaret Alice! Mary Jane, Elizabeth. Ann and Francis, nine of whom are still living. She wag beloved" by those who knew her and respected by the community in which she lived. The funeral took place from her residence, 17th and Parley Sts,, Sunday, Feb. 2nd, at 1:30 p.m. and was conducted by Rev. R. Lambert and son" William, of Rock f'reek, after which the remains were followed to Mormon cemetery by a larg procession' of -sorrowing relatives and friends and there deposited by the side of 'her husband Iong"s!nce-lai- d to rest." 'e . Oh tried and true Thy trusty hand hath made A pathway for our faltering feet to tread; ; And we who follow, find the flowers spring W here once but weeds and thorns and thickets spread- h, wheirfur thee thei-- rent boatman calls, And sets his bark towards the eternal shore, May thy glad spirit find a welcome sweet, From friends whom thou hast known and loved be fore ! I "She is not dead, yet death has done its work, It came, but not in ghastliness it, as r: A kindly porter, set the gates ajar. A ml tie stepped forth, leaving 4Iie wnemenl A breathless eors?, that slumbers lnrthelombp-'Twas worn and weary and it needeth rest. No faith, nor prayers, nor the heart's yearnings, The loving and beloved could longer bind . That mighty spirit in an earthly furrn." i Amahala Martin. Cairo, 111. SOME OF' MISS ANTHONY'S VIEWS. "Our Association ihas,.aj.y,,ay5.Aliowed.lhe-utmos- t freedom to vote against everything that would block our way, no matter whether it was the church, or what it was. .Anything and every thing that stood in the way of progress was al ways likely to get its head knocked off on the plat form of the National Woman Suffrage Association. I want evefyonewh stand for this broad principle.. I want bur plat form to be kept broad enough for the - infidel, the atheist, the Mohammedan, Or the Christian. I remember thirty years ago George William Curtis said to me: "if you want your platform to sue ceed you must not allow Mrs. Ernestine L, Rose to stand upon it--, she s a pronounced atheist. ' I said: "We shall never turn her out." Now we have come to another phase of the right, and if it is necessary, I will fight another forty years to make it broad enough for the Christian to stand upon, whether she be a Catholic, and counts her her beads, or a Protestant of the, :traightesr:or the infidels as for jlghtsof Save also delegates from lb7tyar?gl-.WUtah oh our platform. Let not the Nationals go back on their record. Every woman, whether she be Mormon or Gentile, has the right to vote. It was a dastardly act of Congress in disfranchising the women of Utah They are here today: with Christians to-da- : FOR THE TIME BEING. woes of editors in eneral form a constant theme for the newspapers. 'We witM-tc- tnwvrmj wm nor. go, the paying subscriber who will not; come, with the writer of Spring poetry, and the fierce faultfinder, who says in substance, "Retract or die But did any one ever mention the peculiar trials that fall to the lot of an editor pro tern? They arise, to be sure, from his (or her) own incompe-tencbut that fact is not, in itself, soothingT The undersigned in a rash moment, and in the absence of a better person, promised to take care of the Woman's Journal for a week while the editors were in Washington. She has been ac customed to bestow free home criticism upon the powers that pe, but hereby meekly takes it all back, realizing that precept and example are quite different things, and that in a printing-offic- e one sees most forcibly,that this is indeed a "world of limitations." .'. ." When an article is left out because, To- - your ignorance, you did not mark it properly; : when th e: manuscript ab.out whose correct pri h ting ry ou . The tuc-uitjutiuit'i- serio-comi- c 4 y, ; fcclhQ moiiQxtitynsria nearly hopeless filer- - y, v "These are the broad principles I want you a magnificent delegation." to may be kepf as Itandpon, that ourpiatform broad as the universe, that upon it may stand the representatives of all creeds and no creeds Gentile or Christian, Protestant or the- - pa'an, Jew, ..before greatest question t Catholic. '.(Applause.) me eniraucmasiA"." is, to-aa- y iA - Whereas, The sole object of the National-America- n Association is to accomplish this purpose; therefore Resolved, Thafbur platform in the future as iri' the past must recognize the equal rights' of all parties, sects and races, manifest a broad Catholic spirit, for all shades of opinion in which we may dilTer,.and ever hold our personal differences subordinate to the greater good that can be accomplished by harmonious andconcentrated action, . . . 15 matter enough to last a week, and are told that fw as t ve col pns more? r foreman and swift T s hall h eed then-ale- rt ja Ie fi fingered compositors seem to your frantic mind to become pursu ing demons, joining in one insatiate cry for "copy, copyl" ' t . . . One dear editor, who, deciding at the last mo ment that "discretion is the better part of 'valor.' givesTup Washington under the pressure of a severe cold, sends in to the city, office a kindly word, saying, "You ma) still be editor for the IweeKaodJ-k- r ' ber." , ' 