tV OMAN'S 101 MrSeuafur Blair EXPONENT She was the Treasurer of the Relief Society for a number of years, and since 1883 acted as Secretary; and was the President of the Primary Association since its organization . and was much respected by the children. Resolutions of respect to Sister Grtfnftaddpied by the Relief Society of the Newton Ward. Whereas in the providence of God she has been called to a higher sphere. We bow in reverence to the will of Him who doeth all things well. She died in full faith of the Gospel, and will be missed by the Society. Resolved that these resolutions be entered in the Relief Society Record and a copy be presented to he bereaved family, and printed in the v o man's Exponent, with' equal fights for women guaranteed in its organic law, not only sets its sovereign seal of approval upon woman sflrajgo. as who lives iii Manchester N. II., and k a member of'St. Paul V Church, 1I read a paper in that church recently in favor tweutv-ou- e of the adtnim luCvLimkZlthmsxL.. Conference. Tho pastor, Riv. J. M. Durrell. vears. but make women a recognized factor Hereafter the chief in national politic alrto preached upon the subject, and the result executive and the members of both houses of was a vote of 209, with only 37 in the " Congress will owe their election partly to the . negative. votes of women. The injustice and absurdity Pundita Ramabai and. Dr. Emma Ryler, of allowing: women in one State to be sovereign . Hindu, gentlemen of rulers, and across the liue in every direction invited some Bombay to a lunch and lo the result: 'The obliging them to occupy the position-of class, taxed without representation and priests have brought the offending, gentlemen sentences and to trial, against gaverned witnout consent, ana mis in a nation pronounced them. Fur ating-- a simple meal with ladies which :by; Us Con?titu t ion guarantees Hindus must "nrthe open day," polluted rights.lo.all the States, and equal protection a sacred thread, purth;ir through to. 'go all the citizens, must soon be manifest even 'change sacred-tanand or river,' We" to the most conservative and prejudiced. gation 'bathe in some therefore congratulate the friends of .woman undergo other penalties." is one. Berl in is t h ronged wi th cousumttvf srom . suffrage everywhere that at last there .1 "where" justice is" u all over the civilized world, Foreign doctors spot nder the American" flag done to women. Wyoming, is all hail ! the hurry about its streets, haviug crossed oceaus -- has-e bl f terJm4km&Mr ' - Mary Ann Parsons, Mary Jenkins, high-caste- ! ... -- MAkY LeDINGHAM, . Committee. T -- the-ie- " " to" iiad "out whether too reports are true, it impossible that Professor Koch himself should see and instruct all of. these; consequently, overflow meetings, as one might call them, are being held, conducted by the pupils of the great . master. In these clinics patients are exhibited ami demonstration of the use of the lymph are made. The greatest hope is entertained in regard to the value of the remedy and it is even proposed that the -- Prussian Government undertake its production and distribution so as to ensure its correct - too" are -- coin position Large suras being placed at .Koch's disposal for the establishment of hospitals for the reception of patients for the new treatment. The Nightingale is of--mon- ey THE WOMAN'S STORE. e A ME tllCAN WOMAN twenty-thir- d r TO The present is a time of upheaval in politics. New ideas are pushing to the front. The brotherhood of humanity, the establishment of justice, the protection of the weak, the value of the individual, the right of all to equal privileges aud opportunities, are now not only the rallying cry of moral and ocial leaders, but are pressing forward to the ballot-bo- x as the expression of the popular will. These all include and hinge u pon the en rfraBc1)i3eWeii'r'r6iieii. Let us, therefore, gather to this convention as those who know that their cause is the outcome of all the heroic PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH AT- - UNION struggles for freedom which have been made in the past, and the forerunner of a more perfect realization of the principles of republican government. J Elizabeth Cady Stanton President. Sutan B- - Antiiony Vice President at annual couventiou of the n J Eaclianiiual .TZLZL,iconvention Lucy Stone Chairman Alice Stone Blackwell Secretary. Executive Main Street, Salt Lake City. S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass, Agt. Com i Corresponding 26,28, 30and32 East 1st Sontli St,, Raoiiel Foster Avery Recording Sec U jctary-.---. Jane IL Spofford Treasurer. SALT LAKE CITY. notes and instructions. The National Council of Womeu will meet in the same place the three preceding days. There will thus be a double inducement to visit Washington at this time. The reduced railroad fares will extend from Feb. 19th to March 3rd. The Riggi House will be the headquarters of the Association, aud will give rates to delegates and visitors - to the convention. Every auxiliary State society is entitled to, send three delegatesTandl gate for each hundred members- The first executive committee meeting will oe neia at 6 o'clock r. M., Wednesday. Feb. 25th. . ... The Leading G a;sli Retail House. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S tr Win Bo found SO 1 has recorded an OBITUARY. increasing public sentiment in favor, of womanV legal ami political enfrauchisement. Largely as a consequence of ;our movementr - the inGriffin aged 49 years. IX mo dustries and learned professions have been Gdffia WaS b0ra in Herefordshire opened to women, laws have been changed T v1 Nov. r.e:-Pti185S, and rcbaptized to secureCprdtectioE- - for her personal and .into tht United Order, August ist, 1875. property rights, and she has been welcomed She was a member of the Nconi.GhcCo'i. to a partial participation in government, , as absent from her home, under medical ..voter ih twentytwo States, as a TTTnnTnTl L5f.p:.a tumor, and; had -partially "rW in voter Kansas, and a holder of important the point of returning home rdead she having """'".'"V" OAnnehern 5$ And an elegant assortmenf 0 3D 3- O O X) S . t dePartHient EZj fR60 Shoes.. was-upo- the Union J ere held in the remains, followed to the Cemetery by a numerous concourse of relatives and friends and afiectionate wife and mother and .w u3uuiu anawree Idren to mourn her loss. Tvnd - for Ladies- Misses' and - . d s-io- t i m ri In-jant- 's . 112, 114, 11 6f 118 hool -- lateststylea and pioductions LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES d Theadmissiorrof-Wyonalnglgt- o" TICKET OFFICE, . Woman Suffrage Association will be held in Washington, D. C, in Albaugh's Opera House, Feb. 20 March 1st National-America- ver-teei- - SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION. The he-worl- d . . . ict pu . The Woman's Mer Ihstituiioni Manufacturing opened today Dec. 15th 1890, for business as also Monday ,for dressmaking. . Mrs. Cardiaie-- : CI - Roleigh one of the.) Board of Directors is in the store as saleswoman, and Mrs. Matilda P. Spencer another of the members of the Board is in -- ch&rge.oihed ressma ki n g -- depa r t men t: It is the that ladies of the City and earnestly hoped those interested in the especially directly advancement of women will patronize and help sustain this institution, which has been established by the united efforts of a number of the sisters who are auxious to promote home industries and help forward the cause of equal rights. The store is located at, 123. E. First South St. opposite City Hall. "NATIONAL first-trwRe- East Temple Str tames ers cas, water & 6g co. steam fitters' Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand F01U rUMPS. Pumpg Repaired on short notice. Orders 'tnm the country promptly responded to. ' lUtil-- CI3 JAU23. B:x '1 SCS, SALT LAXZ CITT. . 