18 ful debut in the'game character at Drury Lane., lie is described at this time asking as beautiful in person a3 he v. as remarkable in intellect. TA:ftef"Ieav he passed his time in" writing the following dramas; "Brutus," "Therese; or, the Orphan of Genoa," aud "Clare; or, the Maid of Milan," in which he included the song upon which the author's fame is founded. In a number of the Home Journal, published. many years since, were "two verses of ''Home, Sweet Homo" that do not accompany the usual; ' version, an d theyare here reprod ueed and revere the Father and II or.Iy son Jesus' Christ, who loved good children so well that He said "sufler little children' to come unto Tflrfrrof such' iftlfelrtLdo!n'miIeafti3f 'Tis here that all tho, effi'pring of 'allourTfathers and mothers are,or may be taught to lift their voices in prayer to Him who gave them their very being, aud it i3 at these meetings even the to His Holy lisping babe learn3 to sing praises ' " : name. ' What a labor it must be for those who arc set apart by the servants of the living Cod to -- -- home abmf rrrforffiatie daughter. ' - , , Maria Mc'Rae, Pres. R. S. S. R. Coun. Stake Cyrena Merill, St. David, Arizona. thus instruct-U3jnayj)fijible to understand the true way to gain everlasting life. Tnese are some of the benefits and blessings to be obtained by becoming an earnest worker in the Primary Association; then let us each one strive to fully appreciate these Heaven ' that-Uiayuunges- , L given blessings. " I MWFA iiunuiu ; T Irji-Mrrtn- Trn Parowau.' Your exile is blessed with all fate can bestow, But mine has bcerr checkered with many a woe! Yet, though different our fortunes, our thoughts are the ' same, And both, as we think of Colunibiaexclahn, Home, home, sweet, sweet home! There's no place like home ! There's no place like home! . TTfl! -- ; Tell us, in despiteof the absence of years, How sweet the remembrance of home Mill appears; Form allurements abroad, which but flatter the eye, The unsatisfied heart turns and says with a sigh, Home, home, sweet, sweet home! There's no place like home ! . Her body was brought here (St. David) for burial July i8 Mormon settlement, and it 1890, as this was the nearest Was 'her "greatest desire to be buried among the Saints. PRINCIPAL POINTS Liverpool: George Teas dale, 42, Islington, pp. 821. This weekly saints in which is the organ of the Latter-dathis country, has v;onderl'ullyprsefvedJts fulness, go, and vigor for the last fifty-on- e years and never was it so; ably conducted as it is ) i Under the guidance of Mr. Teasdale, Saints is a the head quarters of the Latter-daof centre untiring energy, unflagging zeal, indomitable pluck, and of most varied resource. From it streams the Jjjest , literature of the moyemeu t, and alius.. iVsuedjaL the .lowest, possible price. The "Millenial Star" is always solid yet bright, fresh yet never frivolous, weighty yet never jieavy, and instructive yet always attractive. Many of the articles deal -- exh au s t i rely w i t h m is u n d ers t a n d i ngs, and mistreatment. These articles are scholarly, manly, fair, and while they are The courteous, they never mince matters. The Millcnial Star. y EAST. WEST, -- y ' " NORTH and SOUTH to-da- " I n regard to the above verses the corres pondent who sent them to the Journal eays: 4,Iu the winter of 1833 or 183-- I wa3 dining with an American lady, the wife of an eminent visit-M- r. banker. - During-m- y Payne called a ndr presented her with copy of 'Home, ji Sweet Home set to musics with two additional verses addressed to her, and theseshe allowed me to copy, and I enclose them to you to print." The irony of fate isnptlyevidenced" in" the sad death and buiial in a strange land across the'peean of a man vvhoseilove for. home and his native land gave to the world the touching ..editorateourtsiniiuirjand'dbeassion. He ballad that will immortalize his name maintains the divine origin and authority of to come. The poet of home was buried in a foreign the book of Mormon, and states calmly and dis- land, and the - body rested - there forthirty pasiionately t ha grounds .jahis.. faitiL.arid.Jia seeks that those grounds be as calmly and disyears, until it was brought to America. The passionately -- exammtdr TiHTh'eFarttcTes and lay in state in the governor's room in the consist of reports of meetings held both in Salt. Lake City acd in these three kingcity hall until the following day. The body doms; also notes on news, excerpts from the was then taken to. Washington and given in Mormon periodical literature. The magazine charge of the authorities ot. Oak Hill cemetery, is oue of singular power and freshness, and is The final interment took place June 9th, the well ninety-firs- t anniversary of the poet's birth. In its worthy of any religious denomination. annual form it makes a handsome and The burjal place was chosen by W. W. Corvolume. The Hymn book of the coran, and is on the crest of a hill which interesting Latter-daSaint ha3 now reached its twentieth slopes dawn into the valley of Rock creek edition. It consists of three hundred and Mr. Corcoran selected It. S. Chilton who wrote fifty-sihymns, selected from" various sources. the inscription for the mouument at Tunis, as The book may be had in every style of binding, the poet (of the memorial service, and since that time the remains of John Hj)war(Hiyne and at the .lowest possible prices - It Is a very ' fine collection of sacied songs, and no wonder liave7peaeeiiUyreposedin ETs native land. After the removal of Payne's body from the that the demand for them is so great. y 1 AT- - UNION TICKET OFFICE, Main Street Salt Lake Gly. V. PARKER, Asst. GenL Pass. Agt." J. irisrep-resentatiou- s, 26, 28,30 and 32 East 1st SpnthSt., . S A t,T-- t AKfi - CITY r -- - -'- " -- , The Leading Retail H ota s e. G ash. . y x a ca n vered with marble slabs, upon which were inscribed: mb-atriwustl- t-- fjr a ' . CZj Hearth and Hall. TION. A PIONEER WOMAN. Edito R ' Primary tree Associa- tion is among the most important organizations connected wi th the Latter Day - work,- - for 'i is here the very young children " learn of the teachings of our Savior when upon the earth, proclaiming the same gospel that ha3 in our H4 tu -- f mt ix i nrougii J os'0 p n Smith, the prophet of the nineteenth century; ,tis here the little children nrp taught toJoyr I.1 II-.- . . ,,uu:. 1 latest styles and pioductions in LACES, BUCHESEMBRODERIES, FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOUS, . RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant sssortmenf of 3D S: GOO Special deiartmcnt for Ladies' and T) K"Z" f a n f "o vliArth . 112, 114, 116, 118 1 nuair, agea years one of the pioneer women that arrived in Salt Lake City, July 1847 afterlhentrance of the first pioneers. Sho was theshortly Tvifc of Brother Adair sjnee deceased; she afterwards married Broker Wesley Adair a cousin of her first husband She was a resident of Washing on. Utah Tor ci, Ihe first settlers ofSt JohnXArizona m the year 183- her liotne recently was n Luna Vallev. XV iv ct,. ..." fv; . ayhr time of her death on a visit uy ncr iBuiu. Will be found - Thinking the readers of the rvrnvvYT . n vu.u uc in- w . terested iu learning of the death of one of the early settlers T5fSa?t tjike TSTleywe sed xon the nntWnf . fVvO.A muuu AT TEASDEL'S tto ' Exi'ONLNj: . Solomon says "aTflie twig is bent the "inclines" for this the reason, England. The superior man wishes to be slow in his words and earnest in kis cjniinQl Confutioiis. BENEFITS OF PPvIMARSSOCIA ' .- srrco Surer when thy gentle spirit fled To realms above the azure dome, With outstretched hands God's angel said, 'Welcome to heaven's 'Home, Sweet Jlome, " SpeciaL4o-the-Ladies- Mlssos" In- .... East Temple Sir TINNERS CAS,WATER & STEAM FITTERS - MlSi?!er :nfr,m, 1..!--- .!:. AfeaVforRUMSEY,Sce!ebratedUFTandFORCE PlImPa Impaired on short notice. Orders fro the corntry promptly responded to. ?U1 