ICS WOMAN'S EXPONENT. there was a law that the idler should be dealt with so there should be none idle among the people. The more man is permitted to waste his time the greater amount of evil will be ' patience to bear all we meet with in our path through life. And when we go to Him weary of the world and everything in st, does He spurn us from His presence? No, He does not. Does Ilk telljus to come. ?kawore convenient season? No, but He rather says Let your heart be strong my child "Fear not I am with thee, I will strengthen thee." ' Wait thou only upon God." And when your strength utterly fails, "I will carry you ' . ... and deliver you." ri: Well dear sister, old age has to bear with much I h at is pai nfut, but I ques t ion whether .th ose who. . arc grasping alter the world and its doubtful satis. faction, cai know one tenth of the blessedn-s- s of those hidden lives that are quietly but sincerely serving God and who will at last be "brought home as a shock of corn fully ripe," to the Jn Udall. Miu u teslbf ta '" i,0t f.jri; m.,,1. remarks expressing hor pleasure in meeting in Relief Society Conference. Was sorry to report go much sickness in the ward, and encouraged the sisters in attending to the sick that none might suffer. Minutes of the previous conference were read and approved, after which Coun. Mary L. Ransom spoke a short time on the duties of the sisters in caring for the sick. Knew from personal. observation that our aged and worthy -- withieaderiElizabethL Burns, her Counselors, had labored diligently, when not detained at home with sickness in their own families, to relieve the wants of those afflicted. Sister Ransom's greatest mission' was in properly clothing the dead and prepar ing them to be laid away. Pres. Layton said; "I am thankful for the favorable circumstances by which we are rgur- roundedK Although the attendance is small I teel there is a reasonable excuse. Believed the sisters had done their duty in" caring for" ur Corby. REPORTS 8T. JOHN S STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society of the St. John's Stake held at St. Johns Mar. 7, 1890. On the stand were Apostles J. II. Smith and F. M. Lyman, the Stake Presidency, the President of of the Relief Society of the Stake and one Counselor. Pres. E L. S. Udall announced the hymn and the congregation Bang, 'We thank Thee O, God for a the-branch- After prayer : w Prophet," another hymn sung Pres E. L. S. Udall made ex pressing cratituae tor gtjiiit; w oitening-rcmarK- a. Quarterly- - Con fereuce of the Po vU" -- sr iu- - ws iai miiujcu ii.. rm i - . uuujuw - oumo-iiuu- ui t: t j iitjiti vT i M auii" memi i .i tut: iJirsslIJga . - ; by-th- ns. Wft should therefore. see nearmito-th- living thfv'nfrnsit.v'nf Lord that" we in ay clairri e protection at His hands. The time is nowat nana wnen ine uivimug nne win oo orawn ana.the hypocnts and traitors in Zion will be known. Pre. Layton exhorted the Presidents of the branches of the Relief Society in the be alive to their duties, care for the distressed in Zion, and seek first the of God a;id all else will be added. Invoked the blessings of God upon all. , The names of - the Stake and Loeal officers were presented beforethe.- - conference ' and ; i I.. i j - wjuiercuue aujournea uuauimuusjy austaiueu. for three months the place of meeting to be, here-afte- r designated. The congregation arose and sang Doxology. Prayer by Coun. Wm. Johnson. : different Stake to sick and kiogdora nr L. Gustafison, SecJ SALT LAKE STAKE. The,, Quarterly Conference of J the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake was held in the. :14tkWArd JElaUhuray,lareh .Mrs. M. I.. Home presiding. Her Cojinjelor,. should there be any" censure, . uifSTE: Howard Secretary, brTaylor, Mrs. upon them let it be spedily removed; and God and Mrs. -. Smith Treas u rer of- - the Stake ar-lSO- Or - outi 1 regreueu uoli nuvmg an opportunity or ir a n irt A 1 rit t in rr t Kx ,Kio niKna . : . . roifTno"'.";' 1 B.-W- - last conference, and referred briefly to the M "' Lord's vineyard during the past few months. -- " WA . of the Central Board and Stake presented and unanimously sustained. xix. xjymuu spuKo m cousiuerauie xxpusno length instructing the Saints on a variety of subjects among vhich Were, that the Pres. of the Stake should see that there is a way provided whereby the presidency of the R. S. can visit each local in the Stake. For - what purpose theSociety Relief Society was organized. The word of wisdoni ad vocated a3 a meana or promoting-healt- h and of happinesrtso Jeifgjhe ofrlabor he said: "man and woman should avoJdovenvork and heaviftiug but the man who earns his bread by the sweat of his brow is the happiest of all men and the woman who performs the labor God designed for her is the ". stly . l , -- workshop. In, thearly day . Chnrch 1 . i 111 "the object of life is to learn to live. We hope to live eternally therefore we sbould seek tn mak e on r li vg as h a ppy as possil)! e and d i (fuse happirtess among lour jissocintes- - Some seem'- tp be continually miserable and wish to make every one around them the same. In the beginning God ordained that- - man should eanr his bread by the sweat of bis brow. He understood that labor was essential to happiness. It the mind is not engaged with the responsibilities ot life the eft-e- l is disastrous, man will become vicious. "The idle brain is the devil's . -A-- nappiest ot an wuinen. organization were on the stand. Conference opened by singing. ' Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah," prayer by Coun. T? G . . i. . n ,,::M,-au- n i T. ti more." Roll called," Presidents and Counselors responded, minutes of previous Conference were read and approved. Reports from the several -- branches -complete Stake totals were read by the Secre! . i-- , was-earne- con tinue. to bless them as fie " has in the past. Wre must bow the knee and" serve the Lord with a full determination to do His bid ding, that we may be worthy of His blessings. There are those among us who, when in health their God, yet they expect the same forget . i i i . j uiessiug auu protecting care in tne nours ot as those who fear Him and keep Hi3 adversity, . . x mi ' commanumems. mis Aiospel is no table, neither the Relief Society. The duties resting upon the sisters in these organizations are many, and I know they are diligent in their labors. Prayed that they might continue so and that the sickness and disease, might be stayed in our midst. Singing "Oh my earner. rraver bv Uoun. Wm. . Johnson. Afternoon service rcsu med at 1 o'clock with trie usual opening exercises of singing aud prayer.- - very interesting and instructive letter from Stake Coun. Cyrena Merrill, who resides at St. David, was read by the Secfe- . A.' . 'PI ana local reports were also xiie siaxe iary. w il 1 - inetakedTsole" tary. ;" ; Mrs. B. W. Smith made the opening speech said these are good times to serve the Lord, pay attention to the counsel wre receive and put it m practise and we shall come otf conquerors; do good to the needy and afflicted it gives Hmueh-ioyTTheeachershouT- dBFiai and persevere in looking alter those in want : Pre3.Jiorne was glad of the - improvement in the reports."pleased that the branches many of them have remembered the Hospital.we had hoped to have a building of cur own before uuY, oui iue governmeui nas roooed. US as a r the R, S. were verbally reported by their re- - .tell when there will be a change. Let: us speclive officers, Thatcher. Layton, Central tinue to store up grain, we may be ridiculed and Pima. Each bearini? a faithful tatimniiv Hilt.: if ud yo a A i a Un.inii..-- , to t heli vinity of the Gospel,xand : expresseda lamine is coming, and we will see the day we willingness to perlbrm: the71abors assigned shall be glad we have "wheat on handrmothers them. Four others were r ot reported. should teach their little ones to be careful of Pres. East said, "If we t cultivate the notHqwh ot the how can we impart the give them more than they can spirit Gospel; eat; it is imsame unto our children, who have chosen to portant that we should' be careful of everycome here to receive this in order to training thing the Lord has blessed us withjWilful prepare them for an inheritance in th&, kingwaste makes wofuh want." We are steward dom of God, and to develop the laith in thetr over what the Lord ha3 lent us, therefore w young and tender miuds." Prayed thatJLke shalLbe-be- ld aceoun table for wasting ou" rnct vjou mignt rest down upon us in means. .The Lord has blessed our efforts ginc ' - - - do-no- - of heaven upon us. Coutv Wrn. Johnson was thankful to know !r r t h p rot wp rrt thn?owh fs"KTT I had n n the commandments of God, and stand keep firm in the principles of their most holy re-- ; e ligion. . We believe, in the dav. spoken , of Prophets of old, when, sickness, disease and plagues shall be scattered- - broadcast among! " 4 o R. S , Y. L. M. I. A., AND P A. ' STAKE. - V- JL c Y. Fahr, Sea -- . ,Mary w , . s be-o- Ma iiy E. B. 1 i Relief Society of St. Joseph Stake, which convened at Pima; Sunday, Feb. 23rd 1800, at 10 a. m. Pres. Wilmerth East presiding.; ; Stake Pres. C, Lay ton and Coun. Wm. Johnson were present. Meeting opened by singing, "Lord we come before lhee now. Prayer offered by- Bishop Joseph "Cluff "of Central Ward. Dinging Let Zion ia her We are, as you say.-ve- ry iraperfectt let us keep fast hold of the "Rod of Iron" which leads to the "Tree of Life," and then shall we be able to lay claim la promised ; to the faithful. .... Let our prayer be ' Now also when I am old and g;ay headed, O, God forsake roe not.'1 We His- - hands for this God is our God are safe-Jfor ever"and ever, He will guide even unto death." There is light beyond. Your sister in the Gospel, the-blessing- - bT. JOSEPH ' heavenly garner. -- hLkheart, and God designed that weshouM shun the vices of the world that we may have long life aud be useful. Conference adjourned for six months. Congregation' sang, "T1(. spirit of God like a fire is burning." Benediction by Pres. D. K. , . full abundance and stiy the plagues and disease in our midst. Sister Rhoda Foster spoke a short time ad- vancing many subjeeis of interest'" which, in their nature, were calculated to encourage us in keeping the covenants we have made; Coun. Elizabeth Lavton of. Thatcher Ward: v aid she felt as well or better in the nrmeinlps .j- . ( of the Gospel today than' ever. Her desire was to live iii such a vvay as to be able to 4he-bread:- do 1 - 