117 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. her memory, the iove and tenderness with issued Vic Kit inin hfn such and -ward to as a suitable holiday gift lich her life was crowned. of office the., was book: its at Utah. The of to need published speak There is little deed 'sneaks-fothe JULIA. itself and the Instructor. hnnt1ip Juvenile . tr CXCejlcuvvj As babe on mother breast, Christmas Herald has left little for others to say; first his She softly sank to rest. IN MEMORIAM. however as this little paper published to not wake her-- let her sleep. Tread lightly-- do efforts in the "long ago" it is eminently proper She has earned the sweet repose make some comment upon his advancement up JULIA Y. BURTON. with The ransomed spirit knows. 'the rugged hill of progress, for it is: beset Ne'er wake her tho' her absence now we weep. The sad, and it would seem untimely death of thorns and briers, howbeit the young Bishop may-havthat of out Sister Julia Burton whicn occurred Novemua gathered some of the choicest flowers, j; Fruin shadows - Vtv.rlaTvl. 'and. the in hearts fallen heavily !n f)ifrt,in.TtvitYi J has She passed tinto the have shed Lajsweet fragrance " luuy H ) II 1' "ft his aced has and sbnnd. strewn he flowers; .. J V"ty star ets here in splendor there to rie. lUUv-homes of others 'as ' UJJU" " trod" in. the .pathway. and the tender sympathy of hundreds of Though the path of pain she of poesy from time to . time....freely, mother; , i i .. j: I he footsteps of her Godworn toners piouumg uuwiu.t m loving friends and relatives lsextenuea 10 jucm of . weary. ana 1LL " 1.1 1 llerleet now press the hills of Taradise. ,Tc? tIIIPnr r o w i n itil s z' re at be- a lUHIJk V ' T?:oV.rtr at such a tiiVie. VVMtnpv's stvlf; is loftv. and fchar- Wnrfld v'tvt'-- 2ff inadenuate ould summon her again laVVflllVliVit nlltice-abla the of frive tone to nne'cin mourner, nil a vAt w j irf acterized particularly by purity c To world of woe and pain, auu j v thcr seem? are ot His best ucuUSC written. pieces in nil he has and sometimes they carry consoiauon,i Whose false and fleeting pleasures do but . .: Ah no; we'd have thee stay the spirit that accompanies tnem, ana inc uui.yiLa spiritual and exalted type and.some of them for instance, Where hfe is joy alway, 7 tion that they are spoken in sucn muu.uj might be termed grandly majestic, And sorrow but the memory of a dreamt "The Ancient of the Mount" and "Iramanuel A they fait like healing balm upou the wounded Christmas Idyl," and some others. He has also soul. Adieu a kindlii-- soul, the chronicle as we' his and with It is always pathetic style, deep regret written in a tender A gentler heart, the goal one when so for indicate and apMusic" a they death of friend, plainly "Stanzas for particularly Of gladness and of glory ne'er did win. surrounded and are. From golden gates above, passes away in theery prime of life, peal directly to the heart and affections, that all r and "tenderness soft. and in the care Wilt thou not look in love, with1 loving evening twilight, suitable for singing in. dwell And glance with pity ere thougoest in? His poems of comfort and sweet consolation to makes this world a desirable place to this Looking back one year it seems scarcely posthe bereaved are full of tenderness" and in O Thou at whose command, inwe have known, young and cxift nf alleviating- sorrow with his so that sible many . l ,i,nior Shall dust of every land, : : .,'.. J" pel UUWi"' the excel. snatched to by away been have seems could he peculiarly tense sympathy promising, And ocean det ps dehver up their deadl m full in vacant their kind given piacc "Julia,'Ms His last poem of this destroyer, leaving One word of comfort speak! the to tribute .households . Bid hope's bright morning break in this issue, and is. an. e.xqujsite. m we are life... of . head! - 1 friends. True it is, that "in the midst n beams tsf blessjfngjoer thenmourner memory of one of his intimate in the illustrated If the writer were asked to select passages death ?rand this seems plainly to be sure it -from the Bishop's best writings she would scarcely sudden decease of Sister Burton; suffered, from A GLANCE BACKWARD. his literary had become well known that she. know where to begin, having watched it some inward cause, but it was hoped and believed work carefully all theway along, therefore, would rally again I turned me backward more than forty years, ci,;iifMt such a rich .l., ,;u jRiin- treatment, she . . IU11 vmu 11 i would be hard to choose from among And gazed upon a picture dim with age, and perchance were to undergoes was auuF-- " she if blossoms; of variegated the falling tears; garden My eyes were blinded with seem the a surgical operation. But in this would that one be be necessary, selection the might the retrospective page; I scarce could read of recovery ardent most hopes the where case lowliest flower of all. And yeM knew thelneaning passing well entitled the tell. from .. poem wreen We make one quotation Of that strange scene, tlfe siory I could in here friends and home her news had reached "A Silent Sorrow." v,.t thA nnration had been successfully -- . it-i-s. ..itn. ni-r- .t,' -- 1 1 I ' light.---'--- A - " - . U ' .' . - --- Thi - sr-- ithis-woric- n ' - - - ; ;. 1 e v. - - , . a 1 1 1 . " ; 1 r 4 - " 15 . -- ; -- . , "There is a grief . - thatssJonml never fall; God pity him whose grief flows inward, For this the greatest grief of 11.' r : And again from ''A Monody." she- taken, In the springtime and spang of her life was shed When the pitying tears of young April were awaken O'er the slumbering germlets of M ay, to The sentinel flowers to vigil the dead' -- . And the loveliest blossom that e'er fell from Eden, The fairest.most fragrant in purity's wreath, season, welcomed the When the spring-herald- s the frosts of the winter of death. Was slain ng by the author's poems is Among the very best of s the one with which he closes his book,Thought " - It expresses thesensitiv nature gf Martyrdom." the poet and the writer as clearly as is possible the agony in words, the rapture, the ecstacy, who is and torture through which one passes from the divine muse. If gifed with inspiration we could go on time and space would permit of his poetical giving extracts and impressions for his prose is writings in'prose and poetry, t saV llW poels his book contains many precious gems and, treasures "the sea of thought, and also bright fancies caught enchantment: on the- golden thread of poetic well polished, truths clear cut as diamonds and and in,, and altogether the contents are elevating spirational in their tendency. The book is to be sold only by subscription, the prices Solomon F, Kimball having the agency, and $2.75, according to range from i.5o, to $2.00 of a superior quality the binding. The paper is of andsome-sp:Uy-ibatand thewers ate most elegant book the highest priced. It is the - -h- Then laid away in memory's silent hall; bind nd as with silken cords we sometimes Old letters, and the dearest things of all; So I had folded up, and laid away, The childish recollection of'that day. A The fire blazed fitfully and shadows crept in and out; All through the rooms, like spectres the pathway swept, And the pale moonlight down round about; Silvering 'the vines and shrub'ry there stood And in the distance, phantom like The trees that skirted round the neighborhood. . -- - life-givi- came the startlobtain the be5t medfcal attention, as over, the sea, that jul.a ing message from home and native land dead - To die away from on whom the fatal makes it sadder still for those And in this mstance blow falls with cruel force. thus bereft, who can tell husband the young to the depth of grief in his he aS ny, or measure he journeyed homeward sorrow str cken heart as lonely and bowed down across the weijn'of woe? Only God knows the such heavy and suffering endured under wind tolhe But He who tempers4he the sorrowing m,-- f lamb, will not forsake brothers ?nr eentle, true hearted mother, mourn her loss 3 af-flttio- Sco tables set The lamps were lighted, and the of goodly cheer, And round the festive board now were met d Old friends and true, care and fears---- Seeking to banish ev'ry with glad hearts, And join in happy converse long-parte- her accustomed place:.n here and miss her frora the family circle. Mr..Vnrto - her: wasgreftly belovedrherliyely:temperament, reaching' hospitality. tale went roundr T hesong arid jest and meny the mystic spell; : And each one sought to.break a hollow sounU But laughter echoed in household fe- UAs though a shadow on the were 01 in, A premonition as it to fill. rnrr,r,K!;vr'fft Seemd eVry one n'herendearinuamiesofnd -- favorite, a nd heart, made her general the gatherings where be m!ssed in Shl w4s wont to be one of the gayest ami hap; the crowd. piest of ,all e in the una , U well, she SV1U1 hd - liUt -- has-gon- 1 1 tcrjoiir the innumerable: Mrft TSs filed ;nH thr is no for mourning, for she had dot.bU.ff having e.trth'.y mission and her of the Gospel is pre-- S in the blessings of the to come forth in the morning reunited with .her. husband and par of 'mr.io.tal.ty and e em.il oV',be Sf Wer'better blessings he celestial, kingdom. The exquisitely nish-iWhitney's which we give than this s.mpiraeTing p . ' llow is it that when joy is at its height, -- r with delight, When ev'ry pu:se is throbbing and intervene; come Dark clouds like omens, And smiles and gladness; quickly disappear.. of unknown fear. Before the consciousness we think. Yet so it is, and often when is running o'er, Our cup of happiness to drink . TTen while we lift It to ourlips shattered it forevermore; v... . u.dji. not m vain, cometh . Yet disappointment are bought wUk pain. w . TUTS richrtrrasuresroft 