ROMAN'S EXPONENT 145 member of the Relief Society and a firm and faithful Latter- day Saint."'. " The funeral services were held in the Stake House on the 4th inst., and although was a very cold and stormy day, there was quite a large gathering attended the funeral anxious to pay their respects to one so loved and good. It was a sorrowful sight to see her ten children left without a mother and her husband without a helpmate, but we must ' ' all submit. " A. , - Death conies and steals away its prey, And we can;t stay its mighty power,. The summons we mast all obey, At midnight, or at noonday hour. . been submitted to both jnen and women, just "aid has becnJhcorpofaf(& tution by a vote of eight to one. , a time when woman s This is is needed io the great work of Statesmen are mourning over government. exthe corruption in politics, ia the legislative, ecutive and even .judicial departments; prophets are warning us of coining dangers; of civiphilosophers tell us that the problems to solve lization' are too complicated for man them unaided, that his brain is already, overmust be weighted and that some new force summoned to his assistance. Where shall we look for this moral power that will bringorder-ou- t cf chaos, harmony out of discord, peace out of war, but in the education and elevation pre-eminent- ly 7 7-- a OBITUARIES. all-wi- se PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH . -- r V r a 1 Whitehead, Laura Waters, Aggreatlng In value over S5000.00, E.KTHOMA . ouse KKTHOMAS ' Ella leveEhlldreneaAvnomevin-- - ; D ZR,1T forGOODS; Ladies' Misses' and Special department fant's Shoes. Mckay, 112. 114, Committee. Died On Jan. 2, 1890, at Heber, Utah, Anne Giles, the beloved wife of vVm. NJ. Giles, and daughter of John M. and Ann Murdock, aged 35 years. Her sudden death has cast a gloom over her family andriends, for she was truly loved by all who knew her, her amiable disposition and benevolent actionshavdng won for her the esteem and respect of allTShe was the mother of aI LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, ' ; RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES Carrie Renostrum, " latest styles and pioductions -- llfi, 118 an upright Fischer piauo, worth ., reapers, rifles, photos, steel "engravings, """'J encyclopedias, toilet sets, fruit trees, shade trees, dishes, stoves, books, etcv FIFTEEN HUNDRED IN ALU - i. ubscribe-fo- r THE SEMI-WEEKL- Y . HEIE-A-ID-lric- " e 83.00 per 3'ear. Send loira" descriptive catalogue freer . Address IE HERALD Salt . Lake. Co., In- East Temple Street Officers: Jonjf T. Caixe, President, Hebe J. Grant, Horace G. Whitney, Business Manager. Vice-Preside- nt. ' TZASyXID TAMES TINNERS CAS.WATER - -- I &, 2s CO. STEAM FITTERS Agentfor RU MS EVS celebrated LIFT and FORCfc PCilP- Pomps Repaired on short notlcerDrders Tro"o thecocntry promptly responded to. z. rut e t r-- ? r ? wrv asrtLlitii. rjLvrjvjitfTs ju 5www, w s tMi ' - WA A ly the list are several hundred dollars in gold iri smaller purses, while included in the 1500 prizes are sewing machines, mowers, . AT foundTEASDEL'S tr - Semi-Week- Which will be distributed among all who Special to the Ladies. Will be 7."1;"7 worth $200 Prize No. 3 i3 a Bain wagon, worth $175. PriN5r4-'iara-i0t- : in Garden City;Worth $l5077: Prize No. 5 is a yearliDg heifer, worth $125. Prize No. 6 is a purse of $100 in gold, and in C as It . 1 is 500 cash. The Leading Retail i. ";.. " Prize No. 26,28, 30ana32 East 1st SootliSt., 7 be over. And tho Favorette Tias left us, 7 And her "loss we deeply feel'' 7 bereft God hath Still we know us, our sorrows heal.' Emma Burrows, . BIZES.-- rj Being distributed among all subscribers to the ' erly in April. r : y Will be on a grander scale than ever before, Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt. tolftaltFba 77 Semi-Weekl- The Premium Distribution for 1 890 A.T- J. V. PARKER, Committee. ili ISSUE. Y -- D. P. aU'this-sorrowjpw- the To Subscribers of 'XT,ESir3EEX72:TI3S,"S25 the parents of the deceased; also that a copy be sent to the Advocate, and orte to the Woman's Exponent for publications. tnatfefiSttatff- beloved daughter of John W. and Catharine Grow. Also grandaughter of Mr. Henry Grow of Salt Lake'City. Born Sep. jst.1.871.- - Died Jan.. 9th. 1890, ... Being .18 years of age, whose death was very sudden of typhoid fever. She was enjoying herself with her friends through the holidays. Favorette has always been a most dutiful child' to her parents, whose counsel she always sought. When our Primary was first organized she was always on the lead. Her little essays and parts that she took, gladdened the Saints, When she was ix or 12 hearts of true Latter-da- y yaars of age, she made a pretty speech at the 24th of July in behalf of the Primary before a large audience. So she worked onward and upward until she reached the Young Ladies Association. There she was appreciated for she was always at the post of duty. Her last testimony to the Young Ladies was very impressive at the time but we little thought it was the last. She manifested a spirit of resignation to the will of the Lord in life or death. Ever ready to sacrifice her own feelings to assist her dear mother to raise her many little brothers and sisters, and begged them in her last moments not to grieve for her, for she felt she was passing from death unto life, and called them all around SALT LAKE HERALD, TICKET IOFFICE, UNION Reicc : BY THE by Providence to take Whereas It has pleased an from our midst one of our dear pupils, we.the undersigned, an4 friends deeply her teachers, with all her school-mate- s mourn the loss' of the lovely blossom that has withered and died in the springtime of her life. Delia has proven herself an industrious and obedient student, and an attentive member of the Primary Association. She has now gone to the beautiful mansions above to assist in the Primary there and join in singing anthems of praise to the Great God . who doeth all things well. as teachers spare no pains, or Resolved That we, in the exemplary energy, in teaching the children to follow ootsteps of the deceased, that they may meet her "on the other side,?' in all her glory and splendor. Keller, 7 special arrangement with the authors; contalnlnj many illustrated features; has the exclusive rights to Bill Nye's letters; maintains a regnlar telegraphic corresletters pondent in Washington, and receives weekly Cf. Frank celebrated Carpenter. the from correspondent Special attention Is paid to market reports and agricultural news; and a prominent feature will be made of "religious news. theahernacloervices eirig iegularly" reporter, while prominent sermons of tb.3 leading church authorities are given in full. In politics, The II era id stands as It has ever stood, the firm and un. deviating champion of the rights of the people of Utah. OF RESPECT. Louise . rfer.ild is 11 W the largest, brigh test anil most enterprising paper pu blished Jn Utah. It The consists of 8 pages, and is shortly to be Burryille. Sevier Co., Utah, on Friday, Jan, itlancock. born at Paysbn, Nov. 6, 18 So. 17, 1890, Delia 7" . The Dicd-- at ' JV SEMI-WEEKL- llulbld Prix P 111 GIVEN AWAY Correspondent. of women?" RESOLUTIONS Si JDIRECTORSL Francis Armstkong, W. W. PwITEK, Jtnsixrs F. Wells, Richard w. Young, Chas. . Burton, W. H. Rowe, 8. P. Teasdel, Heber M. Wells E. Ai. WOOLLfeY; Sh arp, Jas. - lAsnXriSMrrH.- 