'guests Woman 'S Ex i 'ONE NT. r: EXPONENT:') WOMAN'S 133 in all and the time parsed of! delightfully-i- n exchanges of greetings and conversation until the "five o'clock'tca" was announced, which was a very social affair, handsomely servedj'and. the viands were most delicious. When supper :was over a sort of informal meeting" was held Mrs Presendia Kimball, sister of Mrs. Young, and herself a veteran Mother in Israel in ber 80th, -- D. Editor. WELLS, In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: IublLshcd ne copy one yeir, S1.00; one copy six months, SO cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mr.il, extra for posiago one year, 25 cts. of nonpareil Advertising rates: Each square, ' A 53.00. one liberal discount 2.50; time, per mouth, space, " advertisers."-.to regular semi-monthl- , - ; - -- ' ' , year presiding. After singing the .hymn i'O, my Father," prayer was" offered by Mrs. ETIowar, another hymn" EXPONENT, followed jmctthensisft satecast of Deseref News Office. BuHinesslioursTron? 1(J n.m of their love, and good wishes and blessings for to 5 p.ra. every day, except Sunday."- - r r - --i'Aunt Zina," as she is lovingly called by her "dear .Address allbu.sinc oraraunlcations to , five hundred friends" and many more. PUBLISHER, WOMAN'S EXPONENT, to were forth The gifts of the Gospel poured Salt Lake City. Utah.; :: ..' the joy and comforting of all present; It was a time Lake City, Utah, as 'Entered at the Tost OQce of refreshing from on hightrials and cares were . Second Cla.i$ Matter. ', forgotten and joy and love for" the Gospel and - r-'- : ..- ten-line- those whose lives are a sort of humdrum exist. ence when the weather is too severe for them to get out, is a blessing indeed, and gives them something pleasant to think of for days after. wards. The- Committee deserve great credit for their thoughtfulness of, and solicitude for the aged,and their own days will be happier and their spirits more serene for the tenderness, love and honor they have shown" the dear bid people from time to time. -- ' EMMELLE -- : , . A REMEMBRANCE. - -- in-ft- alt "Salt Lake City, February i, each dih i 890. " i .. ; , .. present. "Aunt Zina", was also the grateful recipient of gifts and mementos from the loved ones assembled there and from absent friends. She also received a telegram of congratulations anc respect from Apostle F. D. Richards,. and altogether, the ' , day was one long to.be remembered. , :. Mrs. Jane S. Richards we are informed had a a party given her at home in Ogden,and was honored with similar attentionsquite equal to those Mrs. Young received here. Mrs. Richards was invited by Mrs. Beattie to come' to Salt Lake and partidpateJa.ihfiu.pariy, Mt other: .arrangements had no doubt been made beforehand to celebrate - FETCH 'EM. 'TWOULD , If registrars were ladies, With eyes as black as Hades, Fair and petite, . ' Withjaughter sweet, As many a Buckeye maid is, . A simple invitation To come for registration tIT Would bring all men With ink and pen uAVitfclxifling Wbate'er the voter's trade is Or his- complexion's shade is, He'd go and sin In rain or shine," If registrars were ladies. -dayi""-:--;-;- Dispatch, 1, 7 com-fortingwp- ... , The writer offers sincere congratulations to Mrs. Young and to Mrs. Richards, and wishes for both not only many happy returns of the day-w-ith health and good wishes but success in the labors of love, they are engaged in for the uplifting of humanity. - ,The sudden death of Mrs. Mary Jane Tanner, of Provo, Jan. 8th, was quite a shock to all her friends as well as immediate relatives. The deceased was widely andjavorably known and was a most useful anq gifted member ot siciety. ldq writer 01 mis was wen aequdiuieu who Mrs. Tanner when a girl scarcely more than a chiy, and from that time until the present, though since her marriage dwelling some distance apart, asocial and. friendly interchange of feelings and ideas has been kept up by means of correspondence and occasional visits. ' Mrs. Tanner was known by many through her ' poetry and other writings, who never had the pleasure of meeting her personally and her have been to them a solace in the TT I r sorrow ana . i!.1J miast 01 inais. ncr dook enuuea "Fugitive Poems" has been circulatecl through- OTxrxne DiaKes m z.ion anu aiso itr uiuci pansi ui the country ; shehas bwnanocjcasional ndat times a regular contributor to the Exponent from i nnY ' A l" a 4 a f e f iU Irrn Vo hmpt tvtll mice her crantlp nnpfir pYnrs!nn and her strong and emphatic writings on the woman question. 1 1 4 V m -. -- ELECTION DAY. THE OLD Monday February 10th, is'the "Municipal. Elec tion of this City and there has never before been On Friday January 24, ult. the Old Folks Com "mfttee ga in the theatre to widows, orphans and all old people over 70 years of age; it was a pleasant sight to see these aged people enjoying to the utmost the pjay, songs and music. Then the children who occupied the third circle were so quiet and orderly, and repressed the cheers and applause h a rf haan f thof urniih firtiihl-lAcit not . of officers. Every man; who is registered and qualified to vote should be on hand and remember that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." It will no doubt be an exciting time and coolness, and activity should be maintained whatever may occur, disorder, confusion and undue excitement are out of place at a time when great issues are pending. . The People's Party know : lujiom Jnjad J- will be left unturned to carry the City by the "Liberals.'-- ' But God: is greater than man and can turn and overturn as seemeth Him good and though the "Liberals" laugh and scorn the God of battles, nevertheless the walls of Jericho fell when the people obeyed the word of the Lord. Just so sure will the Lrd deliver His Saints in theseJast days in-- H i s own due time, and there is no need to fear the power of man, but to buckle on the whole armor of righteousness..and 4ov whateertiflltie7seen or unseen beset the way. The bravest men are ever the xoolest,. and race is not to the swift nor the battle to thestrong,"but"wisdom is better than weapons of war," and "discretion is the better part of valor." ared -- BIRTHDAY HONORS. Yesterday the birthday President of Church, and January 31st, was the anniversary of of Mrs. Zina D. H, Young, General the Relief Society throughout the also 'of Mrs. Jane S. Richards, her First Counselor. " . - ' " A'few sisters met by invitation at the residence of Mrs. Young's daughter, Mrs. Phebe Y. Beattie to spend the aliem the happy occasion. There were about twen - WVUiVJ be quiet forthe sake of the dear old people who could not stand a noise and confusion. The play given as a benefit on this occasion was "The Chimney Corner,"", and several of the actors who used to appear upon the stage in the earlier days of the drama in Salt Lake, gave their services for the old people's delectation Phil Marge tt's re nditi on of the part he carri.d, reall y the principal part, was done to perfection he aequittedhimselfradmirably throughout, and the others seemed quite at home in the performance. It was all very creditably done and a suitable v , . be-pr.ep.- FOLKS' ENTERTAINMENT. -- ' 7 "play"-"- ' Brother Dunbar's character singingxarried cne back to the time when he was really oxlu and in his prime. 'There were other excellent parts of the pro- gramme ana an so smootn arranged; the .guitar .and: mandolin, club looked handsome and played sweetly,! the Old Folks Choir gave choice selections in their very best style, and Mrs. Silverwood sang, "Dear heart we're growing old," Mrs. A. O. Thomas warbled exquisitely a Norwegian selection, and we must not forget to mention the two little drummer boys look ed - s o cfearming anrf Frnnt- - TWrplT : Tk;w ::t r Tanner was published in the paper as a sort cf seriaf"aL few years ago under the title of "Jesse liurns or Was it J ate,' ana was iavoraDty upon at the time.. Mrs. Tanner was talented in many other ways besides possessing the precious gift of poesy she was practical and executive in all the affairs and transactions of life. She was an excellent President over the Relief Society, and that position requires tact, discern ment, discrimination and executive ability as well com-ment- ed gifts she possessed and turned to good account. She will be greatly missed in the community and er own ward, especially will her IbbeTxltTn-Tiand her own home where she was surrounded with love and looked up to as the guiding star. Of her we can truly say "Her children rise up and call her blessed, her husband also and he praiseth her." R. K. THOMAS NEW STORE. R. K. Thomas the popular merchant, has removed from the Eagle Emporium building to the new five story Culmer block 26, 28, 30, and dry-goo- ds I&EasFirsTSout front of plate glass, and the room is not only well is fitted lighted andegan up in the most commodious and handsome style, with modern of arrang ing and displaying goods of all descriptions, that are sold at retail in a house; silk, dress goods in great varieties, white goods of all kinds, embroideries, laces, hosiery, gloves, muslin underwear, shoes, slippers, ladies, childrens' and men's furnishings,boys' clothing and fancy goods. The basement is the same size as the salesroom above, and fitted up conveniently for the sale of heavier 'goocls of Various"" kinds such as carpets dry-goo- ds ' ,r W r A:L..ir many tw.;ot. . rds 