2i WOMAN'? EXPONENT. friends and relatives and the conversation was general with interchanges cf greetings and con- '' " ' raluIalionsr. , Mrs. Wilcox has been for many years an "active member in the Relief Society and since the Stake organization of the R. S. has filled the place of Cor. Sec'y., and was chosen two or three years since President of the Relief Society in the - 14th Ward of this city, a'position which requires' wisdom, charity,' experience and good executive - ability- - The on 1 her i0 ; met raanyfri en d birthday after congratulating ber and wishing for health, her many happy returns of the happinessand prosperity, also offered her .conj- sw th ay-wi- and Sister Brockbank on having reached this milestone of the matrimonial journeyj and hope and trust they may arrive in safety together at the fiftftJk anntveriary,and then and forever after, y all the blessings spiritual and temporal with the rich experiences thatjall to the lot of those, who are seeking eternal life in the celestial king- . en--jo- dom. , ? full-fledg- ed friendshoereav Affectionately Inscribed to theXuthor's esteemed fricads Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Brockbank, oa th 30th anniversary of their wedding day. . similar-occasion- s Tst possible Katie 'tis thirty years since We danced at your wedding that sweet summer night, While the birds sang their songs and th." wild roses bloWd! And Nature herself was to gladness attuned, And exiitence was fraught with delight. of tie pointed president of the' Relief Soc'-etStake, which oosition she held wi:h irreat honor Juntil Ihertimerof hefdeatli. iXrecaUsa distmrtlyrtharheauaful day T T . it ;. as we " xuriiEi, rAuai lovingly catiea ner, was I n June, eighteen sixty, the time your was wed;a a woman with a strong mind and a tender heart The bridegroom was buoyant, the neighbors were gay; full of humility and submission, firm in faith and And "City folks" too, quite a goodly array-Gr- aced hope, duty was her law, she was loving and wise the feast so deliciously spread, in nursing the sick, in washing and anointing, we felt perfect faith that the Lord heard her supHospitality! ope'd her beneficent hand; . And sweet strains of music pervaded the air; V plications ; she had gained the full confidence of The young "country couples' of course lent a hand, the sisters of this stake, hers was a disposition And a ball (unexclusive) was cleverly planned, the better we knew her, the more we loved her. "Twas refreshing indeed to be there. , "Aunt Harriet" was a hard worker, a true "mother in Israel," and would never, slight duty ' ,'Twas a jubilant wedding I the high and the low tO PTatlfv hpr nwn cnmfnrf 1. Tj,ai. W ere equally honored in Utah, (just then); felt sentiments of the sisters of Box Elder One was good as another, (decidedly sof; ' Stake. ..;;.,: And haughty, King Caste, wasn't potent, for b There was really no proud "Upper Ten' Resolved, thatwe present a copy ot; -- this Memorial to her husband and to the members of Timt; and customs have chang'd, sure we cannot but see, her family, also a copy fo be published in the ine poor, are too often "left out in the cold." At (the old home" of the Howards' in Cotton- wood on the 25th of June 1890 Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Brockbank celebrated the thirtieth anni versary of their marriage. Among the guests were many of those who had graced the marriage: feast thirtv vears hefore - In thnsriavs thf mention of "the Howard home" in Cottonwood Was significant of a good time; many a pleasure party has been held there m the days gone by, that will be remembered with vivid emotions aii.itti 1 1 .1 1 1 1 1 j n uc 1 1 in .mmii 11.m. 1 ji 1 ' - " Those primitive days were delightful to me, marvel, so many were happy and free Without either silver or gold. Woman's Exponent. Susannah P. Booth, ist Coun. Olivia Widerboro, 2nd " r Mary E. Snow, Sec. Fannie Graehl, Treas. - : Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec. the morning of life; The future looks cloudless, the prospect is fair, But later, we learn that afflictions are rife, That mortals must struggle with sorrow and strife, Surpassingly sweet, is UrAH-Wi-Sr-- A;r in But; thanks be to God, for the strength He bestows. those days some have gone to "that better land," For the peace that He pours into desolate hearts: When adversity's blast like a hurricane blows, but many yet remain who also shared in the fes In Tbe Mighty One Vr mercy;the meek tivities and hospitalities that were so enjoyable cVepose: ' r Such comfort, "Our Father" imparts. 7 and so cordially extended, Miss, Kate Howard (Mrs Brockbank) was the Oh Spring time of hope, evanescently bnVht. eldest daughter of the Howard family, and has Thy castles" so shatter'd, we've ceased to deplore Shake hands, ''Father Time" and with spurs f " " J speed the mother of a large and interesting family who were flight not present on that auspicious day three decades For wisdom and rest, comes with age, and with night, And friendship is sweet as of yore. ago. She appeared at her thirtieth anniversary in the identical wedding dress, worn when a Ah! little it matters if tresses turn gray, whicn looked fresh and and bride, young blushing If eyes lose their luster, (as doubtless they do " '" "Charming, and the lady herself 3vlth her sparkling7 The loving, are lovely, and youthful for aye, black eyes,'and wavy iron grey hair was all the Though the bjmmrweaken, and yield to decay: mo re stately, and dignified forthe., crow n of -- wifefor ever is new. "ThTspirit hood and motherhood she has wrought for herself out of-tgolden threads of her full and And, what if you're wedded, for thirty years more? beautiful life as the years have been borne along: 'Twill be only a preface to love's lasting theme; When humanity's sorrows and failings are o'er The bridegroom's manner betokened happiness . W - he andpro5perity vniltfifnl i 4. iinr in the habit of assembling there who were y - r WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. r - Mt. Pisgah 'till the Spring of '48, then lea with her husband for the Rocky Mountains, and ar rived In the fall, of the same year. She succeeded Sister Leonora Morlev fsister to x Eliza HSnow) of the Relief Society of Brigham City 1871, in March '78 she was ap- A stances pre venpWrpmomingRlrs.-Wilco- x received some very tasteful and elegant presents as souvenirs 0 the happy meeting and we must also add that the flowefs were lovely and the refreshments delicious and handsomely served. The writer adds her grateful acknovvledements for the very pressing invitation given her and ex presses her regret that she was unable to attend, but hopes to enjoy the society of tbose who met in to honor that day on many the future. it itrrt - Elizabeth P. Squires, was born Sept. 13th 1819, in Aurora, Portage Co. Ohio. Her honorable Jinaage is established by the fact,"that Jier parants were natives of New England jone of her grandfathers served in the Revolutionary War, and her progenitors came to America in the Mayflower. She embraced the Gospel when" years of age. in January isio sne married tlder Lorenzo . A REMINISCENCE. - gratulations on her son's account C.F.Wilcox, who recently returned from New York where he M. D. A1- graduated with honors a together the affair was a success excepton ac- count of the absence of some particularly dear nf Aunn um Harriet Amelia Snrw r1anchfer o ifhis3pp if har? hfdnfViirf'if voire liofAro nrsA the party altogether. was a most enjoyable affair. The feast was elaborate and served in excellent style, the,, most delicious fruits and beautiful flowers adorned the tables and the rare old china and silver brought by the Howards from over the seas, showed to great advantage. The presents from the family and friends were in good taste, and suitable to the occasion; and On the opposite side of Eternity's shor- eLove and Truth will be valued as never before; Then, we'll realize poesy's dream. 11 - P, BeatifrsrM: XmcHelLTlffi; Youn- -, Miss R. Edwards and Mrs. A. E. Neah Dr. Pratt moved that Miss Edwards lecture upon Parliamentary law at the next meeting, ' wwu iucu 4tujuurneu unin oept, IC. - Rachel Edwards, Sec. - JOSEPH SMITH AND PATRIARCHAL ' Life's practical lessons, are needful we know. But conjugal pleasures, at times they destroy; Affection, and patience, together should grow; MARRIAGE. True sympathy, confidence, courage and k, All partners'of love and of joy. H. VVoodmansee. S. L. City, June 25, 1890. U lsJiprXlhefestM calculated to produce and. leave .a. pleasant and gratifying impression. One of the interesting features of the gathering, was the reading of a poem in memory of the wedding day which had beea celebrated at the same nlace. hv . , comnn! r. a very dear friend Mrs. Emily H.Woodmansee.j We add our sincere Congratulations to Brother Minutes of the Woman's Suffrage" Association. 01 uian em baturdiy June 14, 1 Soo in the 14th Ward Assembly rooms. . n v tr ' o. iu. xvimoau presided,prayer by Mrs. M. .Mitchell. Minutes of the previous meeting read and accepted. appointed to' aoDoint .. .c ftcsiuems mrougnout tne Territory, consisting of Mrs. Ziaa D. H. Young, Mrs. J S. Richards, Balhsheba W. Smith: M. I TWn .E. B. Wells, R. B. Pratt, and Elizabeth Howard " 1 neiouowing ladies made a fevv remark's. Dr. R. B. Pratt,.Mrs. E. S. Richards.Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mrs. MacFarlane, Mrs. C. E. Dye, Mrs. " IN MEMORfAM. -- While confined tto a bed of ticknesa from which I was recoverinr. mv mind rornrtJ back to the early ajres of bible histnrr. fv mind concentrated on notoriety.-Onaianofgreat held in profound in thp n rpaonr thousands of cnturiVs hae age. Although come and coner fhfi insnffflKu J rolled into W abyss of eternitv: still his nump hi obedience to the will of hU C.rrntnr implicit V J a tneme sunsr bv ooets and di sect in Christendom. A Dersonficre of God that he talked face to fn afene man talketh ith another. God also -- " Our beloved President. Harriet A. of Apostle Lorenzo Snow, passed away from earth on Mondav. Mav the 12th. at th a. m., after an lllness.of four weeks.'r having- suf. o fered severly from paralysis. - y : .. - . , 1. " fa V e 