WOMAN'S EXPONENT.' that they should prepare themselves for coming events that tlix may not be taken unawares.' The organizations of women that have been formed here and everywhere throughout Zion give the sisters excellent opportunities for thought and reasoning and express ion of views and apinionf and through the womeift' papers they can give the benefit of their ideas and experience to others and thereby accomplish a greater good. "" The sisters should by all means maintain the" papers published in the interest of women for advocating the principles of truth and.justict.and defending the right at all times however un- Woman's Exponent. RMMRLISR D. Rditor. WBLLS, PublL&edsemi-manihly.lnSaLake City, Utah. Terms: gne copy one year, 1 1.00; one copy tlx months, SO cts. No reduction made for clula. City papers delivered by mail, extra for potslage one year, 23 ct.- ' Advertising rates: Each fjuare, tcu Hues of nonpareil ipaco, one time, $2.60; per month, 13.00. A liberal discount 4 to reffukr ftdyertLsers. ExfosNT office, No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsecond east of Dceret News Office. Business houriroml!) gate 5 pjsL eyery day, except Sunday ' t Addresi all business communications to ;. to ' . - popular it may be to do so. T " WOMAN'S EXPONENT, .PUBU3IIER 8ALTi Laxk City. Utah. ject of lie ' Business Courses," which have beeo under his caic. . Done followed with remarks Willard Instructor bearing upon the course in literature and history, comprising the studies of English literature, general history, civil government, and elementary German, in which branches one student has ' passed. f The Principal followed by reading the names of the following students who have successfully passed the course prescribed by the Faculty as to advance them from the "Intermediate necessary - " . .. - . . . . . 'If to tne Academic uepartment: .emma Philip Maycock, Emily Hillam, Hattie Symons, rsora Wheeler, frank jJrown, jane rarnsn,iare -- - wi-- ' T-- " ,- Entered at the I)it Office K, S. CONFERENCES. in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Certificates were then presented to Frank Pomeroy and Alva Butler in the business course, Second CLaxt Matter. Salt Lake City, June 1890. FIRST OF JUNE. sr - The first day of June the children of the is coming to be observed as the childrens' holiday for live Primary Associations. They gather for festivities and to have a good time generally in some paric, wocu or large garden or nail, and dancing, games &c, are indulged in by the little folks, and those who have them under their care, and no pains is spared to make the day enjoyable. In honor of the anniversary of President Brigham Young's birthday it is a very fitting and beautiful tribute to his memory that the children of Zion rejoice; certainly all Israel have had reason to honor and bless the memory of this great pioneer and colonizer, who led the people into the valleys of the mountains,and raised the flag of the nation the emblem of liberty and freedom upon the loftiest peak of these everlasting hills that surround this beautiful valley. , first Making June regular holiday for the little people, will impress the minds of the children now growing up, and who have never had rivUege setn love and reverence for his memory that reading Uie-- f ana teaching could not accomplish half so well. More and more every. day-tgreat wrk per formed by him is dawning upon the minds of the people at large, "a 'man of destiny" a man of -- he power and of wonderful influence was Brigham Young, and above all a man favored of God, and Deloved by the people over whom he was called to preside as Prophet seer and revel.Uor, It was as a tribute to the birthday of the President and as a recognition of his position upon the woman question, that the Woman's Exponent was first issued, on that day June first, and he gave the paper its name. Ife distinctly manifested his approval of woman's free and unbiased expression of views on all subjects andlvasnxjous that the sisters Jihojddv-fapeT-nrfrfiu?ri wmcn mey m gm speaic ireely and discuss the y the womerTor questiqnsof the Utah had cast their votes for more than two years aftd the establishment of a woman's paper he realized would strengthen their influence and be day.-Airead- giegjieej foundedrr"! - tt : u. - ?'i:li,..V"Trl -- ex-offi- cio -- . y -- saints' college. week. NoyesT"1:-""""7" Axoczdm Beautiful-Moonlicrcdltab!nndttlM.&sJEJJdmQ ght' "waT lennie omitri. J3rothrJanjGedgestudentofthe infer-mediateDepartment of the college, delivered an address in behalf of that department. Brother NatbaaJ0rter, of the Academic De- paumem, aeuverea an stetAanrtrzzzzznrriA TLtll - dis-pens- The1adytnliT the Ubofs the "careful direction of our Lady Superintendent, Mrs. Camilla Cobb The class has met in tw -vwwwiia, drrangea ac cording to the ages of the members. Section A comprised 57 ladies and has held during the term 21 sessions. Lr. Mattie P. Hnrhe - n siauudt nyjnene lOr VVnmn consisted of 14 members al Tflf teen. Of ' n 16 ve been held during ,C...;.I The Students' Society has been conducted under the presidency of Instructor Done, with Miss Anna Enckson associated as secretary. Evening meetings have been held at the dose each week with but few omissions. jv.v, JJ!? " ed if .LECTURES. r.- - r history. After therendition of a song, "Only a. Rose,"" The QuarterJyConfere jce of th eKeliefJS ociety, ' hy Miss MaudeB was read by Principal J. E. Talmage: fVeljeT'SiakejffiHbeheld in Ogden on Thurs. principal's report. day the 26th of June. . To the Salt Lake Stake Board of Education Mrs. Elmina S. Taylor, President of Y. L. the Board of Directors of the Latter-da- y M. I. A. and Mrs. Louie Felt, President P. A Saints' College: have gone North to visit the settlements in Oneida Stake with Mrs. EiizabethJFox, Pres. R. Dear Brethren Wh feelings of sincere pleas-- . S. and Mrs. Jane Eldredge Pres. P. A. of that ure I respectfully submit to you the following reStake." They" expect to be absent about two Saints' College, for the port of the Latter-da- y weeks. second term of the fourth academic year, which The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society began Jamjary, 1890, and which ends May 23, 1800. of this Stake will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms in this City on Thursday June THE DEPARTMENTS. 19th, meetings comme.neingratioar"m7"andar The Intermediate Department has been con2 p. rn. to make verbal Presidentarexpected ducted in two divisions. Instructor William reports,; officers and members are earnestly soDone has had charge of Section A, and Instructor licited to be present. The Presidency of the Newton Noyes Section B. Instructor Willard Stake, Bishops, of the several vards and other Croxall has devoted his attention to classes' in brethren are cordially invited to attend the Coneach of these divsisions. . ference. The Academic Department . has remained in charge of Instructor Joseph Nelson. Latter-daIn accordance with the announcements through the annual circular for the fourth academic year, " INTERESTING COMMENCEMENTEXERQkSES. ,U)jCstudie$ of this department BaWFeeFarranged in courses, with reference to the final graduation At the Social Hall, beginning at 11 a. m., the of the students. Six such courses have been ' commencement exercises of the fourth academic provided,-viz.- r Physical Screne,"Natural Science, Saints' College were held. year ortheXatteir-da- y Mathematics, Business Courses, Literature and There were present on the stand: Of the General History, and Phonography. Board of Education, President Wilford Woodruff and SecretaryrGeorge Reynolds rof thetakr The Theological exercises have been conducted Board, Secretary Wm. B. DougaIi. Bishop Wm. T. Reid of Manti, Don C. Young, C. E., Mrs during the term with no essential variation from the methods previously reported. ' Zina D. Young, Mrs. Zina Y. Card, and a goodly, We have been specially favored during the number of visitors. term with valuable instructions from Elder The exercises opened with a hymn,'Great God George Reynolds, who has conducted the acaattend," by the choir. demic class in Book of Mormon Prayer was offered by Instructor:. Newton study, twice per educational in a jvo able assistilnc XrTlh"e"Relief Society, and other : An mstrumental . . " Was organizations that had been performed pleasingly by Miss ""ivuiratu, Kate Romney. From personal knowledge the Writer is fully Thjswas followed by an address aware mat urignam Young believed in the ad( Students," by Miss Amy woolley. vancement and higher education of women;and sentiment of the lady students of the college is only shortly before his death spoke to some of his one of the satisfaction greatest at the opportunfamily in regardjo the sisters going out into the ities afforded them for their advancement. A world to lecture onrMormon'' subjects upon the tribute was paid to the spirit to be observed in 'this public platform, mentioning in connection the institution, and the -w . ! was thought some 01 ms own aaugriters. . expressed that the eduation of the ladies cannot be mat a great tuture lies before theworxjen of with. this Church ihpr i -w"uut- Clt uitis-j'r j r. . -i oper ? -I- nstructor Joseph Nelson spoke upoTthe sub-- 1 11J1." 1 . Latter-da- y Saints, are beginning to recognize as Primary day and throughout the several Stakes of Zion it : j The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Tooele Stake will be helcLinGrantsviIle, on Saturday the 14th of June. fiRBisP r I Whitney, one; Dr. R. B. Pratt, ; John Nicholson, one -- Don Cv Young 