WOMAN'S notes still ring in ray. ears and awakens ' a the village. "tenderfeeling. Stanley was at an age when he thought of marrying and settling down in' life, he was quite a home body and longed for that day to eorad, he was not much of a rover and now as he had seen and heard sweet Hessie, although a silent spectator, his whole mind' making her acquaintance. ''Dead in love," said Harry who was not bo, hasty in making up his miud to settle down in life, he did noT fancy reds choice although he . thought the;cuHy, headed girl very. pretty "no one could think otherwise. But Harry had his mind bent toward the waa-benTo- i o-much, . vnnrw men n .J exponent. 115 They had heard about the two at the. boarding house but that . was all they knew about them. Mrs. Grover wasintending to invite Miss btanley the aunt The girls were very busy and, some otherswhen they were not in tho kitchen helping the cook, they were working on the trimmings, for the Christmas tree in the cook's room. This labor engrossed all their thought', except some moments they spared to see if .pa-or- , ma wanted their service to do an . errand, or save -- - lipfTv-hn- sv .! - " . eaves-droppe- : x . -- & -- ..... . 1 1 1 J- . of-gre- at. 1 v. 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1, - son-in-la- w, . . V. no ir.- 1 Be stated gentlemen." as the girls set chHirs,They .made irfsifnj as thev had traveled a exeat deal and had learned the ,ways ot the: worJdby stnct i.l hn tt tvtan and t h mrra H fBSln S PVM dropped a3 she met those of Fred," and the color of e uch e e k.was hcig htened as he w 0 uld look at' her, then at her likeness and"her look so. much mother's, "Mis3 Grover you-d- o like, your mother's likeness, and your own i3 so life like, your Viper's too is very natural. The aiti;t knew how to use his pencil- he said ,ryt s, she said father employed the best one he couhThear of he was first class, the price was not questioned, father was to well satisfied." Harry and Lucia 'feept up a lively conversation until the hour arrived to leave which was very reluctantly done. The ladies itiiTifofl tho fTvtitlpm.'n In nn.ll npnin. and thev took their leave; Fred was enamored with that visit and lost Vliat night's sleep and many more 'before he 'could make up his mind to . ask his lady love in marriage. Harry took a great liking to Lucia her mouest genieei ways, i.tr tuiuuig juiunaui, hair, her dreamy eyes and lady like appear- fi u onm . ... ii - . lit. 11u.11 n. II I J ' m" j way "of hiding hisTfeeliDgs and notletting them be knowLV he could dissemble in such mat ters but his heart was tru e a nd when on ce on an object it could not change, he loved an object for its worth- and goodness, it was not fictitious but real, he saw in the older sister virtues that led her to self denial , her oiucrs su, una nappiness COnsiSieu iu iuah-uihad been in time he little he observed the her society and this was the opinion he formed of her character that day in the woods. She h&d'a!sT)"b?& believed him to be very honorable and upright. en 1 --- -- iricr. steps-if-th- 1 -- i ihem wanted any thini JMa ey Ithought thjeyl were husy :in the i: kitchen, and knew nothing about1 the tree they were spending, so much labor, on with wreaths of ever- green.. andpaper flowers ,Jiereaud therea and graceful figure made a greater impression natural one some white and some variegated. upon him than he was willing to admit of to They were so much-takup with all these Fred. But he was determined like his friend., things they. had notl thought of their Christto get acquainted. They had frequently met mas wish expressed when they took their last Tom the steward as theywere out sight seeing, stroll, to the woods and gathered thir ever the country village had new charms for the greens for the Christmrs tree, the vasesaifd two gentlemen as not far distant livedjhe to hang in festoons about the house, and they d ones they had and admired. little thought that other ears heard and were would have made themselves known near by to make a wish that might be fulfilled; They then at once, but delicacy forbade, they were? such is behind the curtain of time and our truly gentlemen in action and sentiment, they knowledge of future events. would not accost two youngjadies. alone. withTom, and the old gentleman were straightout an introduction; this would have been conening up things around the outside of the sidered impolite, uncfviirrash in those days, house, the leaves had to be gathfred off the for a gentleman to speak to a lady without a grass plat, the winter flowers tied up in former acquaintance. In days gone by bunches, the runners kept in their places and -- modesty was tha safeguard ofL.virtue, boldnes3 the walks cleaned up, everything bad to be paves the way to ruin. "Say Fred let us go kept in order. The old gentleman took his over to the mansion and have - a chat with daily walk about the premises to see that the steward we may be able to get him to nothing was -- neglected, though he had but plead our cause." "all right Harry, just as little occasion a3 the steward kept things "very orderly. But Mr. Grover would remark, "if you say," too wellpleased with the opportunity now offered, so they walked along toward the o vvner d id not s h ow an i n teres 1 2 in I h i 3 tho house, Tom was trimming up? some shrubproperty and concerns he could not expect it bery outside, and looking up, saw the two of his hired help and if he looked after things gentlemen walking up the graveled walk, Tom it would be an incentive to Tom to do the gave' them a welcome bow and passed the same." And in this course of life, laioL the compl iments of the d ay. They 'were soon in great secret to having faithful help. "Now deep conversation, Tom bowing assent to their . Tom, I see no occasion far finding fault with inquiries. He invited them to go to the house any thing you have the charge of you have but they declined, and walked away. "I done as well as I could have done mj&tlf, but -w .Tomr-I-- ha alwjscKkl-HfteF lhmkliarrywkam got.the.jt&ward.favarabiy you-khe be will and our because not I think impressed vicegerentand things, yoti cannot be i we will get acquainted w th the inmates, intrusted or are neglectful." Mr.Gr over alside of those old ru-ti- c boards. If so it will ways had a kind word for his faithful- - steward, make us the happiest of lovers." Tom was he loved his employer and would do an thing quite taken np with the gentlemen and after to please him, as he had acted like a father they left went on talking to himself after this and been kind.. strain. "Now the tree is to be a surprise and Tom saw" the young men coming at the end Lam to make another by getting the girls to of the graveled walk, andto himself as they come into the garden " to gather some late approached nearer. ""Now" thought Tom "the flowers for their vases and the young gentle most proper thing for me to do is to introduce men will happen along and I will introduce them first to the father;" as the gate was opeu fhPIYl t.ft thA frirlst fhav mnet nnt Utro nA maiAa to carrf out the rubbish, they walked in. they are too nice for that, ar'n't they? and The girls had just stepped out upon the porch then the old gentleman will be so pleased with wondering who the strangers were, as Tom had a that tall one has a fine cast to invited them to come for the flowers; he had make one if it taes right I must not count clipped some before he tied them up in up things too fast. But wait at the. garden bunches. As the young men stood facing gate." Tom was talking to himself all this the two, Tom : i n trod u ced then?, "Mr. Grover, time. this is Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Hasting two at 1 the that - are 1 stopping The Grovers were intending to invite some vouncr "eentlemen . v i, of their near neighbors, so they, were cooking boarding house tnis one, looKing ar, r reu, 13 nephew, J have met them be up enough, a great deal more than their' Miss Stanley's them in to see the garden." family-coul- d' possibly: cOnsume,TSome would be4 fore and invited Mr. Grover extended his hand and gave left over for New Year's and there would not have to be so much cooking done on that day. eacha' The cook would say I have mince, squash them in to the house. He was a man pies and cake enough ahead for the next sociability ,and was very courteous to strangers. hoi id a yv:, - even- i f- t. h prf r h r A - ho a w&AA i n -f JI The girls had gone, hack to. the parlor, think . that cake 13 good enough for the occasion, ing the strangers would soon leave,, and they could go to the garden and get the flowers; as little thinking her words might comd true. ' The weather would not admit of the girls they wanted to put fresh ones in the vases,' suits but they ging out much, as ihe change had made it a --they had on their every daythey--worwith e deal colder,: and if. was quite stormy, were neatly fitting dresses; some snow falling but not sufficient for sleigh- - them a little narrow edge ot needle work riding which was much enjoyed by the young around tne necic auu. Metsves, vvnue apruus low slippers, their hair combed neatly back tolks. put they expected one by Christmas, from their foreheads-'- Hessie showing "one of so they were more confined. to the. house and did not learn a great deal about the folks in marble whiteness as loose cirls hung about it, otheiLsisterherjJark. glossy.hairtLdreamy eyesr her lips just parting with a smile to show two dimples" one in each cheek, their eyes beamed with happiness and joy, their cheeks were flushed with rosy tints of health. Tleyhad forenart of ,nf- work through-tho e j the day to execute their designs" for the anticipated coming Christmas day, As the gentlemen walked into the parlor Mr. Grover I this it was very natural that "they should be favorably in lined toward the strangers. Their hearts had gone cut ; in unison to these two visitors. "Dear sister, we must re-by turn to our task said Lucia as they eat think-ing tnJL pleasant fire grate in the parlor of the" event of" the" thy,""I am afraid those two chaps have' put things out of our minds that we, ought to be attending to in cook's room and kitchen," "I am surd they have out of mine, (said Hessie) what a fine form, what a carnage he has, meaning Fred, nobility is in every movement," Oh, what sparkling eyes what an intellect, and on, ray heart L.uce, placing ner nanus over u, "and if" it aches said her sister tou must feeling a think-- no more-- of these strangers for .her sister. Ire re comes . xuaraie cnliritnde " . 7. so iong; wv girls .what keeps you away and fix things readv tlnnns : O Jijuc k uv fo y c pa has sent: lom up in grand style as ypur house to invite Miss around to the boarding friend and I Stanley her nephew arid his don't know how many more,"her wanted the girl's ing the, great responsibility an impetus and help, this' 'news gave them away they went to the kitchen. The young men on their homeward march discussed their good fortune" in making the old gentleman, girls -- acquaintance, and the "that charmer they admired his hospitality, me think what curly head, Harry, has made feel that way I dare not say, did you ever the of the in company Harry when you were f. -- rVell 1 . .. i - ' -- 