WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE SINGLE SIN. He walked for years in ways of righteousness ' Good tfcsedrtMffumbere'a'tf Then, lo ! a single sin he must confess, That bruited was far up and down the land; And all the people drew a solemn face, And all called him trickster; whispered his disgrace, . 'Twill be a wondrous world, to heaven fuU nigh, If ever men whose common life is sin, Shall do one act of good whereat a cry ; saint shall fill the h ready-drThe people" quick" forgetting all t be past7 " 7 And glad to see God's image show at last. placed us here on earth to wate and idle awav our timer but, if He gives lis 'on p. t.ilpnf. Ha expects us to improve iUihat we might gain uuic. xiuic is iut5 omy nine fragment of Eternity that belongs to man: and liko lif if can never be recalled. We should improve the shining moments for we know nnt. hnw 1 they may stay, and as the old saying is "Time A ana tide wait lor no man. .. Annie Thompson. r air-wit- -Of - . . nr Richard . E. Burton, ' Dear nature, hide me in tliy inmost heart, Safe from the pangs oldoubt and strife of willr " JFind me somexjuiet grave wherein my soul " May lie as bodies lie when life is fled, Freed from the madness of its own control, By wisdom's self through unknown changes sped ; In sleep un vexed by dream of end or goal, ' And, living still, be all as good as dead , Emily Pfieffer. BED-TIM- E. by C. E. II. tornadoes, etcvwhichTare so in tho world in this dispensation, prevalent thus TalftlKng" the words of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph who in speaking of the gathering to these mountains gays that 4,it may bo for a defence and for a refuge from the storm, and from wrath when it shall be poured out without mixture upon the whole earth; there lore- - let Zion rejoiee-wh- ile who do flood.-?- , -- , - - - Then as the eye gradually descends what do we behold, the lovely fertile val leys o f Ephriam which for so many years had lain an arid waste, devoid of vegetation,' parched with the sun of manysummers,nowan all the richness of her beauty, delighting the eye of the beholder -whatever direction he may chance to turn, no more an arid desert but filled with the bouuties, of heaven. a choice land above all others.abounding-wit- h habnv homes and frafe- - On May 1 1890 at Lawrence. Emerv On. Utah a meeting was held for the purpose of organizing a KelierSociety under ihe direction of President Annie Larsen and counselors The following names of officers were presented lo tne congregation and accepted. - UUnarine-J- b. Bathed in thy silence, of thy life a part; Unconscious and unerrmg as thou art, Bear me as mothers bear their babes, until Of thy pure strength my weakness takes its fill, And I may dare on some new course to start. such as wicKeuiy snail mourn.; ANOTHER JaELIEPTsOCIETY " WEARIED. , 11 MooreT President. TLyilia. the youthTthe middle-ageAmv Koner Second furtpiinsTWlreTe and the together in songs of joy Counselor.Mary E. Bunnel Secretary. Lueinda for the aged respond goodness of our God to us "for verily Hill, Assistant Sec Emma Tanner, Treasurer. Jacob doth flourisirin the wilderness" See our lovely Temples rearing their towers heavenward smiling down blessings upon all A TOKEN OF RESPECT. who enter- - there with honest heartsr Our Last Friday June 6th being the birthdav beautiful Tabernacles where all both young of onr stake president and secretary of the and old can be edified and instructed by Primary Association, the officers thought it gathering there and listening to the voice of would be a very appropriate time to offer some the servants of God. Our numerous places of slight evidence of their appreciation of the industry. The cattle: upon a thousand hillg, untiring zeal manifested by Sister Sarah our larms and gardens failed with .choice vege tation, luxuriant trees, verdant shrubs,and last Morris ever since the first organization of these but not least Utah's Best Crop our numerous associations when she was president of the ward, for quite a number of years, and now but beautiful children, the iov anddelipht -- of fills the office of stake president. About 4 our homes, may they grow in purity and good p.m. all those acting in the interest of this ness and prove a source ot happiness to their, worthy institution with well filled lunch baskets parents throughout the endless ages of etern betook themselves to her pieturesaue little ity. Then while, enjoy ing so many favors and cottage where they were received "with tearful embraces and greetings being overcome ' for a blessings of the; Almighty let!u3 show our apmoment by so many putting in such a sudden preciation and, gratitude, not pnly in words but in. dmh that jciiaracterithe-Bftmef-Lat-' appearances number.prsented oi their esteem to tne motherly lady,, who had ter day Saint by being diligent in observinrr that day reached her 65th year. She was full the law3 of the Creator,in keeping His commandof gratitude to all. ' The repast was sufficient ments, by loving one another, helnine' the nonr... andlmfortin g the sick to have .gratified the appetite-of- -a Epicare-anT d - . . Every night A little girl, dressed all in white, Comes to ' 5 -' v And, kneeling, lisps "My God, to Thee mall-token- 'Watch me through the long, long night Till the light. . Keep my little feet from straying, Keep my httltonguejrom ""OneTjad'tEought Make me gentle, good, and kind;Make me pure in heart and mind, As I ought. . w " -- ' over-balanc- a - vr Then the little girl in white viiivu w VWI JJimi; U1UJ.I ItUftU HH C1AU1 I) 8?"08.11 tnese are a feiv of His commands but how mucn we ca do to lighten the burthens of each other if we keep the spirit of God burn-in- g in our bosoms and do not dwarf it by tho letting the cares of the world finer and purer instincts of our nature; by these little act.S nf kinrlnp win iht lnxro nf fellows, and pnimr nnfflnn a rirliAr J i. fU' v"V kiuu nf J J iug blessings of our Father, for charity never ,., y omp- tuo ymmiecu tcnanii The rule of the wicked is drawing to a clo in social "chatting onheastTwe were dismissed with warm thanks for thethoughtfulness of the sisters. On eenaratinn' the mrt.y oxnrpoi a decided satisfaction in having the nower to create a little sunshine tor one who leads -- a somewhat sombre life, on account of her bus band being afflicted with blindness- Runli : - Lead me in the way of right Day and night. Keep me in Thy thought and sight; Let me battle for the right With Thy might." s- 4 HUH they make a comforting impression that as long uikuivlj lasis uo lima UUU erasej especially Jipon the minds of tho aged and afilicted; time and trouble are likely to imprint this mark upon and the day fast approaching whenthejiatiom-the most sprightly and gay; bearing this in or jtheearth--, shall- - norZtotir and" shall saf ihdwe will surely deal gently and fondly purely Zion cannot fall for the hand of the d .with those dear lathers and mothers Lord is there; the next thjngjs for each one who have tor jQ Jiiany -- years longer"than We of u? to ak ourselves the question, am I one of the pure in heart for surely none other can been tacmgthe changeful vicissitudes of life, and their most hopeful days spent in the wel belong to Zion and to "become such is an every fare of those who were younger and stronger. day labor with a farm aeterminationjwithin us success tOjymirrrciateoL rmblicatioathe: LtCseturJaceS: aaril in t against evil r amlthe vanities of this world" having the work of the kingdom ever in view thereby .adding to our--. E. A. Crane Watson. selves renewed laith in the Lord and in his Parowan June 8, 1860. , promises for protection under all circum- "stances, then will the people of the Lord re OUR MOUNTAIN HOME. flourish upon joice upon the mountainsn and . t Ml .1 tne hills and will more ullys appreciate the T t jlu contemplating tne,. Blessings ot our place provided for U3 by the Lord. Our . r tt Father and the . beauties of nature iiiountain Heavenly xiome. t our admiration is . particularly drawn out in Annie N. Bowring, . . .. " . the our ol mounviewing magnifacence lofty, Brigham City. tains, thereby expanding the. mind with a sense of their vastness and grandeur: fTitandinf' Mr.3. REIiKCCA T. SWICNNING. of D.ivennnrf. tpey ao on the n,ast and on the West of us like sentinels guarding the towers of Zion." or Iowa, ha3 been allowed a patent for hpr over enchanted ground, filling our mmda with ' rKEtecolor.)aintr. a: sense jpi;jaiety; irom-aimpendrng disasters - And goes quietly to her bed, On the piilow lays her head, : grey-haire- While I bow my head and pray X TJutjnydarlingi never, may .uv. iuvh, iwujjuuciii in uer way, More cause to weep! m. i , V TIME- rrise somewhere between and1"' 8ixtisek two goWenhourar each' s$t No reward is offered for?raon(1 minates. are Sone forever." Mann. snn-wit- H Horace - Time is With persev measurement of duration, of time may Le the very odds and ends 1Qto results of the greatest value. Yked UP We should m Pas3 without learn-afte- r ing something tl1 Iemlt in good in our X1" life. We should culV and overcome bad 60me good principles e Lord never -- . ' J - 1 . J 1 T , r . - m .. CJ ii t - especially-sdaptdforfl- QT 