WOMAN'S EXPONENT 170 skull and crossbonrs, it would be at least professional courtesy. NoW, in literature and paintiujjT every one' of any education and inand. loses telligence recognizes gnch clap-trap- , no time in discrimination; but bowHfierent is the ca?e as regards music ! The great leader of the present and latest ' development in musical arjt is Richard Wagner. His music may be called realistic, but only so because he chooses to accomplish bis end, thet most profound pleasure, through the- - employ-- ment of real means. .Quoting from his own types of artist, the poet, the musical composer, and the actor, can only be a work of art made positively real to the senses by a life like Sf iitatiou; in ghort, a work of art that, as compared to the only one now known, shall be in iruiu luv art wur& ui mu iiuuie. auu uuui it has become fully living and real, we have not reached our goal." It .mjstjbo withtSiY'ftgo.er-- . that same tendency ior employing realistic means, fitted' to the scientific and practical spirit of the times, that we see in many of the masters of fiction at the present time. The same realism and science of the times in Germany is enibodied-ia-th- e poetry and prose of Sbeflel, professer novels of Freytag, and the of too almost much learning. But Ebers, full do the novels of George more particularly Eliot and Tolstoi illustrate this tendency to employ natural living scenes from our very-da- y life, for the purpose of presenting the highest artistic ideas. It is, of course, impossi- n bl e io make, any comparison whatever bet we en the writers of literature and composers of music. From the point of view taken by the romanticists one might say that our better emotions and sympathies are approached by or through a certain imitation, or better, suggestion of real natural truths and circumstances in human life and existence. And, while this can be done readily enongh in literature, in music h h h different matter. Music can onlv annroacii our souls or appeal to ourerao - so-calle- d - : tionaJlirQUffh the imaiimtioBand-ia- ni the Trilogy. ' The ring of the 4Niebelungs"(oc-cupyin- g four longevfuings for its presentation) in which Wagner carries his ideas and methods so far, is most difficult even for musicians to understand. HisTiperatic writings are, upon the whole, the most remarkable the world has ever witnessed, and have had the greatest influence upon the musical tasto of modern stii dents and real lovers of music. This influence exhibits a tendency almost to obliterate, by its high colorings brilliancy, rnd"draiu'atic"poweff a great deal of the good but more moderate music that has preceded it Wagner has certainly created works of wonderful and original beauty; many have done the same thing before him and others will undoubtedly accomplish as much in the future. The beauty of his works is totally diiierent from the imagination and grandeur of Beethoven, or the more- - formal beauties of Mozart. But the best critical students can never.elaim that4t4 suef to one or to the other, comparison being an impossibility in original artistic production. Probably there is no such thing as progress, and what we ordinarily terra progress is simply change or rotation, and "there is nothing new under the sun"- - Certainly it is a more-opti- ra iaticplan to hopefornew lights in the history of art. History may not repeat itself. But onaKspeare nas nuea nis place, itapnaei ana Michael Angelo created lor their time what never could be inspired .in the struggle and That there progress of our modern civilization is relief in the present and future of musical composition we may infer from the "creed"- - of Hans von Bulow; believe in Bach the Father, Beethoven the Son, and Brahms the Holy Ghost in mueie." Time alone will determine whether Brahms has written Beethoven's "Tenth Symphony," or whether Wagner is a hundred years before his time. "' Ex. Henry C. Post, Dr. ftLLIS ft. SHIP Will commence her next , O BSTETR rC'"CLASS , APRIL 15th. 1890. x . " 0 Parties wishing to join the class will please, communicate with me as to books, terms, etc., immediately. Address: 16 Main St., Salt Lake City. ON SALE ior-eith- er TO : PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH ' Alv-- UNION TICKET IOFFICE, -- Main '! Street Salt Lake City. J. V. PARKER, Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt. : OBITUARY. 3 CS" 26,28,30anl32 East 1st SoulliSt, pacity, as already remarked, it can never give a SALT LAKE CITY. claims to the character of pure Jolley, wife of Reuben Manning Jolley.i Deceased was distinctive born May:9t'h "1812, in North" CarolinaT "Moved "witFUeT music In one or two particulars .Wagner and Tolstoi, as types of realism, appear to my parents to Tennessee, Weekly Co. In 1842 the Gospel The was carried to them by Elder Clapp and others. They remind as si milar. Tolstoi has a great purpose in view a picture ot truth to delineate, , ceived the Gospel message, and with a family offive children emigrated to Nauvoo, Hancock Co. Ill They were which he lloes by means of an endless amount living there.at the time of the martyrdom of the Prophet of descriptive detail, of the most intensely Joseph and Hyrum Smith; were driven with the Saints commonplace and uninteresting kind, and irom their homesrand --started for the but were advised to remain on the other side of the purpose no frivolity, no levity only the nlost River on account of the delicate health of the Missourj family. It weighty, intellectual pleasure, like the pleasure was at this that 1849 Reuben place 29th, April Jolley beJn listening to high tragedy. He accomplishes came a victim to death through the hardships and exposure this, too, by a great detail of description, but with which they passed. Now Sister Jolley was a widow this means cf description is not always music with ten children. Brothey-Jolletold his wife to continue even to musicians, any more than Tolstoi's . the journey and folldw the Church. After laying her d and aimless details are always literaaway and marking the place with a beautiful ture to litterateurs. There are interspersed in ence-mofor- the" v agner s opera-the most beau tdul West, and came that season to Council and the next - but, year 1850 came to Salt Lake with all herBluffs, ing, and often" almostJiensuoua-melodie- s; children except- .Will bo found tt latest stylas and pioductlons musically speaking, there is more that becomes mg one son who married and remained behind.-- . After she in merely descriptive. When he paints a giant arrived in Utah she struggled hard to make her family com- LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, with his orchestrations, or & villian, the music I fortable, and passed through many trials. FANS, GLOVES PARASOLS, is inharmonious and offend us. When he There are eight children and over two hundred grand RIBBONS, COLLAIiS,-TIE- Sshows us theNiebelungen working underground children and left to mourn her loss. . ' - Leading Retail Casli House ins Rocky-Mounta- -- Special to the Ladies, y bus-ban- head--!?J22- !! STr:TEA SDE L. ' S - re- -- j ; carrying loadsof iarrunithdrshbuIderithT effort btcoms nearly as trying for the listener as for the dwarfs themselves. The 4mctil" of the Walkuere, or warrior goddesses, is not music, and the "Walkurenritt," or ride of these Amazons, although fascinating to music : cians, is more dramatic 13 merely picture in music of this ride -- In other scenes in Wagners operas, like the 'Spring Night," the'ird'sSong'orthe fire music (all in' the , And ao elegant assortmenf 0 great-gTjnd-childr- -- a-rea- hsti-- ntul vpn in wholfl inira Meistersinger von Nueruburg the music is so beautiful that it is in itself alone, absolutely unsurpassed hr the hUtoTy'oflhe'artiriTiti TrilncTY Sister Tolley was one of the first members of the Relief Society labored as a teacher and for many years as a Counselor to Pres. Jane Bailey. iShe was also a Sunday School teacher for years. She was an excellent nurse among the sick. Sister Jolley spent her her life in useful- ness and has worked considerably m the Temole for the dead. May she rest in peace. It is a late hour for having her death published but we hope to be excused as it was impossible to get her biography t sooner. Jane Bailey, Deborah H.-Dra- per, Pres. R. S. iRONsCoun-Ma- ry Zee. DET GOODS. Mists' Special department for Ladies1 fant's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 2D.-Vi- r T-.C- and In- East Temple Street ES CO. 2s TINNERS CAS.VATER & STEAM FIT TEfiS Agent for RTJMSEY8 celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS Pumps Repaired ojijdiortiicrfic!iOrdexsJruai the country promptly responded to. -- liiitst, Ii7ID JAKS3. Bex 32S, SALT , - CIT7. i 