WOMAN'S EXPONENT. thejable nearthc centre of the roomit was quite I extends" an' elaborate affair, frosted and ornamented and on iMay i, The cake was cuf and JiJierallydisV tributed amokgu 'thegu4st5, almost ever),ene'" 1S90.' carrying away a piece of the. birthday cake. :It was late when the company dispersed, and all felt thatjit had been a very pleasant social affair. The host and hostess managed the party in ex-- : cellent tast6, and it.was in all respects a brilliant ..success. We congratulate Brother and Sister Stevenson on theirlfdod taste and ability to carrv out so largea parly. Benediction was . pro- nounced by Elder H. IVRlchards after which the ' good nights were said and all. went away, feeling that old tiesof friendship bad.been renewed and friends met friends sociallywithout restraint or embarrassment. We cordially extend through the columns of the Exponent the mosf sincere congratulations on'having attained his seventieth year irrtheen- . lie:r sincere svmn.it In to the simplifying of the great problem of the Indian question must be of value and of speciaP worth. It seems to us a book that mieht'do good among the peoplejDH ing prejudice against the Indians and showing the better side of their nature. The write'r would' be very glad to see it circulated not ouiy among this poople but where prejudice i.? rife again si those, who feel they were once the rightful owners of the soil now in. the possession of the white n?n. . The heart full of sympathy instinctively ex- bat realizes that after a long and useful life, she has gone to the rest that remains to t6e Saints of thetop was inscribed'E Stevenson. 1S20 1M 1 God. ::...- - - "After tire burden and.heatxiIilit4a,; Tha'starry'calm of nihtr' After the roughfand toilsome way f Asleep in the robe of white.". FORTY YEARS AMONG THE INDIANS. lhc abovc;is J -J--- e . J1 the title of a bnok issued from 'Instructor Office during this Sprimri author of the. work is Daniel V Jones, a man . claims withiepoer, ' - -- ; ... . , . v ho 4 -- the pcorIntIian'u Z".-.7- -. wen .Know among this people for many years past and as the name of the book signifies, contains AN INTERESTING LETTER. his experiences among the natives, and his views of their condition and treatment. The writer is Central House, Bridgetown, undoubtedly a man of great courage or he could Barbados, West Indies, never have ventured into dangerous places as he -the.lhrilling- episodes -- graphi joymenU)f:sucIi:jaeM have no doubt that'it is main v due.as he believes. Cdll reiaiea in nis doo Your welcome and most interesting letter It would be quite impossible in so little space to his observance of the Word of Wisdom. His reached me the latter part of last" Jan., 'It was health is unimpaired and his whole physique is as as we have to devote to the matter to. give a worthy of an immediate response, but as we"were the work, neither does the" writer perfect as that of a man 'of forty. May Brother talking up a trip to the West Indies I thought you Stevenson continue to. enjoy health, peace and think herself a competent judge of books written would like better to hear from me while in foreign contentment is a most earnest prayer of the upon Indian subjects. It is a theme separate and : almost parts; from other as apart literature,and requires writer, it was a time never to be forgotten by any much in order to form correct attention thorough of those present. as views to master a foreign language. Affer We left New York Feb., 26th, at noon on the steamer "finance" of the U. S. & Brazilian Mail forty years practical experience with the aborigiDEATH OF MRS. HARRIET A. SNOW. nes of the Western wilds, Brother Jones ought S. S. Line. A run of twenty four hours broughr to be posted in. regard to Indian habits and us to Ne wport News, Va., where fruit" trees and is Sister Harriet A. Snow, of Brigham City, wife practises. ...The subject an exhaustive one, and spring flowers were all in bloom and the air - was of Apostle Lorenzo Snow, passed away from it is a topic that has ever presented new soft and mild. We were delayed there three phases irAreating upon from the time the' earliest days, taking on freight, and left in the midst of a .. earth on Monday May 12, at three o'clock a. m., the severest I have fearfully cold snow-storafter an illness of two or three weeks, having Pilgrims set foot on this continent. Solomon was new under the sun, but seen this winter. But a few days later we were said thereT nothing suffered severely from paralysis. Sister Snow's in the history of are new us to there many things glad to pack away winter. wraps and get on some maiden name was Squires, and she was born who and formerly pos Tight, summer underwear. Seven days from New-- : present, Geauga Co., Ohio, Sept. 13, 1819. Her the people past land of and sessed the Brother Jones port News we raade our second stop at the island . America, suffering for a few days previous to her demise of St. Thomas, a Danish possession, and great, has discovered some of these new things and has was very great, but she bore all with that patience coaling station for all nationalities. Our captain . aud meekness that had characterized her whole told them in his characteristic style. It requires men and women of peculiar attri. took on sufficient' to run his, vessel away down to was often life. Duringjhejim '"Sahto administered to by the Elders and received great butesra life to get rat therbottom of it -- piece was4rougliton-mbasket- s onlhe hcadr trf- sufficientlyColored women and girls, with just a sprinkling of or to see through the subtlety and cunning natural . 1 .1 power of the priesthood. be able to live among men. An overseer of their own color stood at 7 Her children were around her and every thing to savage nations, and the gang plank with a lash which he used freely and help to uplift and elevate them. They was done that the most devoted affection could -- them and vigorously over their backs and legs, w hi? e are far sighted even in their ignorance and supersuggest to alleviate pain and soothe her distress, stition and are very suspicious of others therefore, .the most fearful oaths fell from the lips of the wo and comfort the last hours of her life. She was ' be honest and upright who expect to men. , It was a strange sight, while the sounds one of whom it may be truly "said, "well done men must almost made one's hair stand on end. If was a, do them good in any matter whatever. They adgood and faithful servant enter thou into the joy mire d glorious moonlight night and the courage and detest cowardice; fearless, of thy Lord." men of splendid physique and harbor made an exquisite picture, which we engreat-soule- d Sister H. A. Snow was chosen to preside over are the ones likely to be well joyed from the "Captain's boat i's he kindly took the Relief Society of Box Elder Stake, when the majestic presence two of us ladies ashore to wander about under treated by them. has She 1878. effected xMay was 14, organization the tropical foliage and along the foreign streets, In this book there are many simple plain stories been a very efficient and active presiding officer with their quaint shops. We were now really told in a straight forward way, the facts of which and in her labors among the sisters in the several in the Caribbean sea and were again ioul of are well known to our people; and much of life jiot branches, and in visiting them from time to time in ' of land. the South which will be better appreciated by she won their confidence, respect and love; those JMi5IlQwLng.eyening.wep lacoansetaTidigibntfn knows so little of what might be termed Indian just as the moon rose behind her mountains castof" those' over whom she had the honor to preing a silvery track across the waters., How we history side." She will be greatly missed in the organizaOne thing, may be said truthfully of this book', .wished ourselves artists, that we might transfer to and children iier grandchildas well as by tions, canvas the little schooner under full sail that open it anywhere promiscuously and you will find was a most affec- She friends. and relatives ren, flitted out of the shadow of the island, across that the reading matter interesting at least, and often i? absorb! . ti0naYe3IIeMeOT under. her. n"gr"Abb"6kthat one may pick upland: shinlGgtfaek,1ahd "as! "quickj again"""disappca"fe"'d the training and management Our ihfrd stop was made . among the shadows read here and there detached passages out o care. Sister Snow's last visit to this City, was at , mast contain many rich incidents, and on the following niorning at Martrnique,iihe the October .Conference in '1889, which she very chapters, was on whatever subject written there would be a birthplace of the empress Josephine. mucn enjoyed; From here she went to tne ivianu five o'clock, so we saw the sun rise behind for some of her charm about it, otherwise it could not interest the onlymountains there officiated and and sunlight creep over the vivid Temple the reader. kindred passed away, which was a great comBrother Jones says of himself that his style js tropical green of the island. The little city of fort. She has gone to join those gone before, St. Pierre looked most picturesque and-affirms longed repeculiar and more than that the writer and to loved and ones, kerehildreo, parents take run to a 'her not a of other is It but we .t through large cathedral, copy , any that is original. ceive the reward hid up for those, who endure. Zina work; and being original in style, and giving only stopped about a half hour. A gieat, white unto the end of life's pilgrimage. Sister Indian character in which the statue of the Virgin standing among the green at the time of Sister many sides of Young was at Latter-da- y Saints take great interest, it should trees on the hillside, reminded us that it was "a bethe" there day up Snow's death, having gone French possession and conseqenily a Roman find ready sale as no doubt it will. fore hoping to comfort if possible those who were Catholic community. Between St. Pierre and As to the author's good motives in publishing time. this at afflicted trying so sorely Port of France we passed what I behev to be writer there can be very little doubt, and vhatever tends and fami!y-th- e . , ' ii-ApriI-2i-i8- - of -- 4 . . m . ih-Auro- ; to-Indi- an land-locke- ' : si-h- t " the-wel- fare " . of-thos- e ' Tt ; -- " D-H- the-hous- e . To the bereaved husband 