WOMAN'S Prayer was offered Youmr, singing, by Pres. Zitia D. II: it yeruai repuna we raise to Thee,,, .1 . 1 wciu uuuuuueu 1st, xr y - - -- aru, Mrs. M. Steele, 7th, Mrs. Cooper, Draper, Mrs. C Smithy Herrirnan, Mrs. Crane, Sandy, Mr8. Wilson North Jordan, Mrs. Webster, BlurT-dalMrs. Madseu, Brighton,- Mrs Ottilie Schonfeld,' Sugar House, Mrs. Sarah Gibson. Atter the reports were given Pres. Geo. Q Cannon addressed the. assembly,, he stated that he fully realized the importance of the ' or-r- ' M . ' immense auiuuui ui gwu wuiu uc ciieuiKu uy the sisters, "'we have not time to be idle, there is no limit to the field of good you occupy, all the best talent oan be put to use; we have a laree number of young people among us. On the mothers depends the training of the children, and the development of the characters of their offspring- - they can impress on their minds ideas that will be tor future use, My parents e, - m ni7ationof-the-Ilelief-Sucietv.-and-Avhat-aT- r stiir my mother was strictly religious, inclined that way. One of her strict precepts was to keep the Sabbath Day, I have tried to live to this, if I had my wish we would have no workdoneon that day,no cooking, no working nfjrtv or.im! pvervthincr to be at rest. It is a day lor rest and worship:; we ought not to nninn the minds of our children by unwise re marks against any principle of our religion, the seeds of infidelity have been .sown by unall carry. an .influence with wise remarks:-w- e us; can we not feel when making a visit in some families a spirit of quiet and peace, and feel bad when going in you leave happy if you .L I i '. 'II and at ease, in other places you win nave iue opposite feeling; the atmosphere we carry with us will be felt, we should shun evil society and evil' deeds. I feel I ought to speak in plain- ness upon me assouiaiiuus ui jyuug cu lore ..marriage; it . is a wide field for your a- - life, training. Chastity should be preserved far better for a girl to die than lose her virtue, better is it for a man to die than- injure a daughter of Eve. It is lroin inexperience often that such things happen, we should teach thern to look ou such as next to muruer, long . evu. to leaas it are great wrong, courtships I sneak nf this as a tiuaelv topic, create .a public a opinion against -- long courtships, and get idea feeling of early marriages, it is a wrong for our girls to get, that they must have every desert luxury before marriage, love makes a the place a nalace..It is. all well enough parents can get the style for their children, k inf vfinnfr neoole tret by degrees, the comforts of life and they wiir appreciate them; if ws would raise a healthy race let us be chaste, mothers teach your thesa things; daughters and fathers their sons before us." let couraged,' there are brkdit davs Jj us carry home with us the goud teaching we nave iceuveu irom rres. cannon, mav we an be impressed to help in this great work. Mrs.B, W.Smith: "I pray that God may bless all the Latter dav Saints: is is a fast age, everything is rolling on most gloriously." -- Mrs. S. M. Kimballr' A great deal Osgood has been said,'we would love each other more -- if we knew each other better, Brother Cannon has. said we each of us have a spirit influence, we can detect influences when passing by habi tatious where the spirit of Gud dwells." Pres. HnrnP! 14ft m nut in nractice what Brother Cannon has taught us today and be benifittedbv what, we have heard." she then re lated an inciden t in her experience which . was very interesting and instructive. Women have great iufluence.we are entering upon a new era-iour history. I hope we will all as a people keep the solemn fast which has beeu ap pointed for us to attend. Brother Woodruff sent his bet regards and prayers to the sisters bv Brother Cannon. . Conference adjourned for three months sing- ' ing . to-da- ... i- . cu -- - ..j - was-mau- .... rxj-- t Uy- - y , I l- o " x- - 11 I -- -- ' it Jet usjmpress upotiiQurjMdrenJhe are . to-da- 1 ,4. stand that they have any rights only those which men give tnem. 1 assert tnat women have done as much towards making this a3 men have. This is nation what it is y a broad assertion but 1 expect to substantiate it before I get through. When Columbus was lnspirea witn me oenei mat mere was u countrv on the other side of the ocean men i t ii womau-gni?pa nooie tne Hiea.out scornet uk . l. ; i i i ui uer iutaus iu givu mm u it anu neiped :.i outfit to go on fiis exploring eqpedition. There fore, we give women the creht ior the discovery of this ood laud- When the discov- e iuea oegnit iogiuei uric nuui ery all the European world, and as they couia if al.inn iinlKniif thfl irnmiill (hfV !imP . O c . 1 J too. lhey suffered all the .,...'. privations and hardships that men did. They went to work, the women with the men, and soon began to . prosper; as they prospered they became inde-L pendent, growing stronger as the years rolled I by. All these years they had been paying taxes to England, but .they became tired of this as they were not represented in the mother country, and taxation without representa tion, was their war cry. Ladies, that is one "Guide us O, thou great Jehovah.'' and has been for over a huncondition Benediction by Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon. dred years taxation without representation. E. Howard, Sec'y. The colonists went to war and gained their m-- ,i in, a constitution for the government formulated LEHI W. S. A. ... i r r. iI t rt r i iiI irflfn if An lri1 " Iriilrt .nrf1,1 and equal, and the rights of life, liberty Pursuant to a call the ladies of Lehi met free and the pursuit of happiness were guaranteed in the Relief Society Hall Thurs. Dec. 19, to them. . A 1889 to orLrauize a branch ot the W. Then emigration took its march toward the Mrs. Rebecca Standriug was elected tempo setting Bun. Woman had been declared 'free anfl Mrs Sarah T. Evans Secy mrv and equal with man. bhe must go with him Mrs. Standring announced the object of the through the wilderness, aoross the deserts, mpetinc through & country filled with savages. JShe "Singing; "My cbuntrf 'tis of thee.,, "Tfayer was eorual with him in all the trials and hard corner. u. A. xUrs. the chaplain by ships of pioneer life. They never stopped their The secretArv then read the call after which onward march until they landed on the the following officers were elected. Mrs. Mary Pacific coast, by this time women had helped-tAun Webb, Vice Pres. Mrs. Sara'. T. Evans, build up a great nation. The men had . . I Secv. Mrs. Laura Cutler, Chairman, Mrs. M. i i i.i ...III. reina Ol govfruiutui, wnu a mm uuuJ tne neiu Ann Brown. Mary f. Gaddie, Josephine 1. oiwl 'PKt.tr inoita all ihn diva fln1:. ..tA.f com- executive A. Karrew, Sarah Standring, administered them, created all the offices and filled them ail with men.: And what else ha3 The secretary read the constitution ot the woman done besides sharing the hardships. . N. W. S. A. which was unanimously adopted. She has reared presidents, senators, congress- in as and adopted . laws regulations bv The men, governors, juugtj jawyers, legislators, and also read On. were adopted. Utah flftr vvarnors to h 'ht" the nation a battles, in " the assembl thanked Webb M. A. Pres. VJpp men that, compose fact every other j;Jass . . i . . ... i i i aoe for the honor that had been conferred upon this oeen.. never sne ana nas yet nation, great as men Tf wflA one dutv to convert the allowed to cast a vote for the sons she has the of the to women necessity the as well reared to fill these high and exalted stations. Utah We franchise. in the women having nation there this is a great and powerful Yet to . . .1 i AL.i .i c . l vuat have had the franchise and can appeal on me jooisioor 01r uou none that we never abused it, but used is uaTs"Tt. otner and grandeur shine far Its alwaysvstanding and wide. All glory t:wiselyOatdligentlymuw nations are invited to come to tne tor rigut. bravely this "land of. the free and home of the brave," should We understand politics. ;be duty to least one half of her citizens havo f utmrt our sons and daughters that and vet at rVtIT fit ------ - 1 7 -. n 1 . thrown ineir mnuence againi it, ano gaiu i can trust to men to do mv business. "What reason The do can women .they. any way?" -- -- - 127 Son to show us the. mercy we should show to each other. We expected bur souls to be fed this day, we have been, let us not be dis- , "O, God exponent; . w his-r,r,- necessity fat lor of keeping from beverages;that us to use: hah t rows stronger as we gruw uw, .jei us luster gooa mouguua, guw and ourselves help make an improvement in others. I would like if we had schools in our Territory for educating bur girls, in every jf re ," not miv- there is a dark spot on the horizon ot its greatness. The women of the nation have ; been Hooking at that spot. They findr it is asta'r o4theallot . . 2. theirrights its face." That star is woman's m address was then delivered "with a vliFover here JS..no.:man or ouiau---ihe""foHowing i suffr age. lWe want to remove the veil and in .proved by practical laborIbis is aiactcoofc- let the star shine forth with all its brightness people can be made cross or happy by Mra President, Ladies and Gentlemen: and prove to the world that this is indeed and sub- the on address to f mg, mase a .nice uieuu inuiuyou before you I. stand in truth a land of the free and a home of the 7. to :ee. is iittift t.ninirs mat ci uihuulc Wjiy--.am I ..r proud, suffrage. mpn " n rr fVniff- - thR best "IcCt vt ? r Let us brave women as well as men. The sovereignhave tliat teel rights. they women is rested in the people. women in the determination never to give ity of this nation a flowers, the best vegetables,thatmany with work to 2d Women as well as men are its sovereigns. The other countries would be very glad to get those rights , iye gain until lawmakerYare their servant We can all improve on the gifts God givesua,.- up have studied this subject and - asked my-seI -iu v trv and- eduWe Call UCVclup iuu;c guw u Why are women; not the question. of some As women have shared equally with, men in you cate ourselves in these things; to vote as Well as men." There is but allowed but The women have never asked all the trials and hardships of building up a thought you could not speak in public, to you ..,0r de- until its greatness knows no bounds, is have found out that you can by seeking Wright. It is true that a Jew noble nation fair and just that the should share jn it not l don your giit.T .1" ?a n li n. "T n the honors and emoluments? Zi. JJ. i'res. i ouug BHiu m... (ho VCfifK .. manv years t ot heymay-undertaoi-tneirrig- w.. leges as American ciuz.ci.awomen would was not far distant when the - - - 1-- : l.-,ua-- uw , , lf - : ' w T oloma, j)ut JHeayenlyathejkkui.S 1 hatmiizezib . 