WOMAN'S" EXPONENT. conditions of the race, and it is only just that n be recognized in her true rharartr in4-- L permitted to enjoy the exercisr of ail her rights as an accountable freeagentrin all her associations with the family of man to which she has r . Creator. been assigned For man to recognize woman. true and relation should be as proper pleasurable as desirable. To associate her with all that is elevating and profitable to man, seems to be her legitimate place, both in social and spiritual de-- . 'velopment. Not even a hope of future happiness is worth cherishing tbatshe is not identified, wUhl in its realization. .BPUvhile in fact sheisa.partof4iiatt,she is an entity of herself, of which she cannot be deprived. The fact that the fundamental elements of one being can never become those of another "determines this entity, and in the light of this fact she must be considered as well as in her relation to man. a free agent possessing a free-wi- ll she must in her rights be respected. As a conscious being, accountable for the wrongs of life, and susceptible of the happiness derived' from right doing, she must not be infringed upon in that on which her happiness depends. Man may claim her as his own, but she is comparatively valueless to him in any other sphere than that for which she was de" signed. There is nothing that affects the happiness of man in which the woman is not interested; no toil or sorrow she is not willinir to share. Her verv nature adapts her to her sphere, fitting her for all its requirements, .Her relations are necessary to man's development,and while the laws and conditions of her being are observed and respected by man as her ruler, she is no failure in the purpose of her creation, and is the glorythe crowning once a month instead of once in three months as io-ms- by-he- , per amendment; seconded'and carried. , glib V , W 111UU. S. W. Rich r ads. UTAH W. S. A. ' well-.chos- t 11c ...41vt1-l.'k1t.t-- 1 '. " "V ' ' en 1 - iiitti ivau iuv unuuivu v vention held in October last, which were ap- for the rfnveA v Qratonr VU1 f ct onrl TrP3:nrpr'5- rpnnrt year were then read and submitted for approval anu acceptea. " Mrs. Webber stated that in order to transact the business in iiancL it would-b- e. necessary to. move that the rules they had heretofore adopted be suspended during the afternoon a motion was then made to that effect and carried unanimously. , v Secretary read articles 3, 4, and 9, of the By- Laws and" Mrs. E. B.Wells moved the amendment of article 3 so as to include an Assistant Secretary, seconded and carried. Mrs. E. S. Richards moved the amendment of article 4 that the initiation fee be 50 cts. instead of 35 cts.. seconded and carried. Mrs. M. I. Home moved that the amendment of article 9 be abolished and that it stand in its original form, viz. that regular meetings be held SCV.iCldlJ' c . -- . -- :uBr-WeUs- , s. Mrs. M ; I.' -- Mrs.-E.S. " Home. :'7 And we do hereby earnestly express our grateful appreciation pf her arduous labors and the grand ' t - i . v t r ,t ciiun, Mic tit u nc cuuii m iiic iui iuc Advancement and success.of this organization. Richarhs, The election-o- f officers for the ensuing year was the next business transacted. Dr. R B.Pralt nominated Mrs. Sarah M. ' Kimball President of the Utah Ter. W. S. A. seconded and carried. Mrs. Jessie J. Jones nominated Mrs. Emily S. Richards First Vice Pres. seconded and carried. Mrs. Nellie Little nominated Mrs. Ann D. Groesbeck, 2d. Vice Pres. sec. and carriecL Miss Rachel Edwards nominated Mrs. Caroline E. Dye, 3rd. Vice Pres. sec. and' carried. Mrs. E. B7 Wells nominated Mrs7Phebe Y. Beattie, Ch. Ex. Comsec. and carried.- Mrs. P. Y. Beattie nominated Miss R. Edwards, Secretary ,sec.tand carried. Mrs. M. Y. Dougall nominated Mrs. Julia C. Taylor, Cor. Sec. sec. and carried. Mrs. A. D. Groesbeck nominated Miss Margie Dwyer, Treasurer sec. and carried The following ladies were nominated ahdJ voted upon separately as members of the Ex. Com.. Mesdames Cornelia H. Clayton, Margaret Mitchell, Nel ie Little, Theresa Hills, May Tal mage,. ...It was., decided that the Secretary- - be allowed to choose her assistant, . ... ... Mrs. E. B. Wells addressing the Chair asked that Resolutions of Respect be drawn for Mrs. M. J. Tanner, Pres. of Utih Co. W. S. A. recently deceased. On motion of Dr. R. B. Pratt,the same Committee were instructed to draw both Resolutions t The Committee on Resolutions withdrew and during their absence Dr. R. B. Pratt read a be given in the next written address, which-wi- ll issue of the paper, Dr. E. S. Barney made an imcromptu speech. "Mrs. S. M. Kimball took the chair: she felt rather reluctant to accept the position to 3;hich she had been elected, but intended to take hold of the work with some system. Appreciated the labors of the retiring officers, felt they had done much good and were deserving of the gratitude of all interested. Suggested that each member read over six times the Constitution and that the Association take up the study .of municipal government so as to understand the nature and character of its laws and requirements, etc., and this would lead on and on until there would be an under- stanning of all departments of government. This would lead to our advancement and the enlarging of our capacities. Remarked that she had suggested to Mrs. Home that the general meeting of the ladies to be held next Saturday be turned into a suffrage meeting and asked an expression of the views of those present Dr. Pratt acquiesced in the movement. - 1 -- "V- - sus a such in severe affliction tain the recent death of a loving and affectionate daughter, andj Resolved, that' we do hereby desire to most fervently express the deepest sentiments of regret, and sorrow for the mother and family who have thus been called to part with one so near and dear; and we solemnly beseech our Father in heaven, to pour out the comforting influences of His Spirit in this hour of sorrow and mourning over this sad bereavement. Resolved: That a copy of these Resolutions be placed upon the records of this Association and - a coov be forwarded to- Mrs. Lvdia D. Alder., . and that copies be sent to the Woman's Exponent and others papers for publication. Wl ilU UVCCIWDUj; I lUViUCULC UCCIl UUCU IU ly -- Vo- - ! Resolved, further that the officers and members of this Association extend their heartfelt sym- palhy and condolence to their late Acting President, Mrs. Lydia D. Alder, who has by the hand - At the regular meeting of the Utah Ter. l -- . On motion 6FMissTd wards a voteofthanks was tendered to the officers of the past year. Mrs. Webber expressed herseif in favor of the suggestion made by Mrs. Kimball, read a portion of a Circular and thought that to accomplish anything creditable it would be necessary to have a lare enrollment of members.also sufficient means. to send Delegates to the Convehtion a ton to represent olir own organization instead of having others appointed to represent us. Mrs. Dougall, Mrs. Dye, Mrs. Lucy W. Kimball and Dr. Maggie C. Ship"p, each made in teresting and appropriate remarks in brief.".' The Committee relumed and Mrs. E. B. Wells in behalf of the Comj;ubmUedlhe--4olIoving:- - - ident,'. Emmeline B. Wells, Emily S. Richards, M. Isabella Hokne, t:.t: V" .:: :. Committee. Resolutions of Respect and Condolence adopted the memory of Mrs. Mary J. 1 anrfer,-ia- te restdent ot the woman Suffrage Association of Utah Co., who died in Provo Jan. :. :;:v., '8, 1S9O.. Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father ' HAir-'n 1T tn fr JUi v. v v iniav " our midst hv ' " rail from !.. j J. Tanner, who since the organization of the W. S. A. of Utah Co., has served efficiently as President jpthat branch of theW,,3 of Utah Ter., and, Jan. 11, 1890, to , . Saturday Jan. iit 1890, commencing at 3 p. m., Vice Pres. Mrs Nellie R. Webber in the chair. On the platform with her was the Xh. Ex. Com Mrs. M. Y. Dougall and Mrs. Ann b. Groesbeck Mrs. C H; Clayton Secretary and the Treasurer Miss Margie Dwyer were also present Prayer was offered by the Chaplain of the day Mrs. E. B. Wells. Mrs Webber said that the painful duty devolved unon her of stating in consequence of the death of the daughter of Mrs. Alder the Acting Prsiflpnt of the Association, she could not be present, and therefore she occupied the chair; spoke most tenderly of the sudden decease of Miss Nettie Alder.and expressed in a few words her regret, and the sympathy she ffiH.fAML.t A.A named-Mr- . - The Annual Meeting of the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah was held inlne Social Hall, - .". Tne Chairman thoughtowing "to the sad bereavement of the Acting Pres. Resolutions of sympathy and condolence should be drawn. On motion of Mrs. S. M. Kimball a Committee of three were suggeted to prepare suitable Resolutions. V A motion was made and carried that the Chair appoint the Committee on Resolutions,; the Chair ; .As man Suffrage Association held Jan. 11, 1890 in the Sociarilall irTSalt T,ake City the following .1..". ... Resolutions were submitted: Resolved, that the officers and members of this Association in annual session assembled hereby tender to Mts. Lydia D. Alder their sincere thanks for the valuable services she has rendered the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah during the past year as the Acting Pres- .... in-her- ";;z: 125 t :n-Jrf- 1 ... . - - J v .J AilV III duty bound while acknowledging with due reverence the Divine source of this-calto express to all branches of this Association our sorrow and also the respect m which Mrs. Tanner was held, Therefore: Be it Resolved by the W. S.A. of Utah in regular session assembled that we have sustained in the death of Mrs. M. J. Tanner- - the loss of an earnest laborer and an efficient officer in our cause. l, . n t. ivcsuicu. . t iwi we ucicuy CAjjress our neart -felt sorrow and sympathy for the immediate members of the Utah County branch of this Asso ciation whose chief officer has been taken away. -i 1 : 1 1 Resolved: That we extend our sincere con- dolences to the bereaved family of the deceased. Resolved: That these Resolutions be placed .upon lbe records oLhel Association -- and copies thereof be forwarded to the family of the departed, to" the Woman's Exponent, the Utah znd other papers for publication. -- En-gufr- er Emmeline : - v .:;:.':-r- Wells, Emily Richards, M. Isabella Horne, S. " B. .yur-.,- - Committee. -- : On motionjof Mrs. Webber the Resolutions were accepted, and she also moved that they be published irrthe ExPONENT and otherpapers and that a" co.)y be sent to Mrs. Alder, and placed upon the records of .the Association. - - , 