134 WOMAN ' S EX P 0 NENT . and they are to be pitied. But for loyalty virtue, and godliness leads them Jnto the humane J danger, and its -laws of this-lanact of ''religious persecution," instead of spend-ng-s- o and reverence to the of freedom to. all. nations, mere ib uu much precious time in trying to" pervert the" emblem blemish upon the roll of "Mormon" history. fulnllmentof, God's Holy mandates,' to read up We of. all others have the greatest cause to love Hhe scriptures,' and also to post themselves on formed under and cling to the Constitution that-wa- s Mormon" history, with'the gathering of Israel in Divine insDiration. and the land endeared to us the last days Concerning it said the prophet fond recollections and of which we Isaiah. ."Fear not, forj'anir with thee; - I will by a thousand have an ancient record that it. is the "land of bring thy seed from jhe east, arid gather them tywmon.which. from thewest; 1 will say to the north give up ; and of the first' ;born," which cannot tothe south keep not back; bring my sons from church whole universeJslarrayed and my daughters tronr the ends ot-ttar, This it.-faith fs only strengthened by opENTHUSIASM. earth." "Mormonism'is being disseminated by against and position. The obstacles that have been 'met, cries and reports of our enemies a thousand the wit- Another pleasant morning is refreshing after surmounted, and the things that are being times faster than it could be otherwise, for they is adding to it and driving the -nessed the storm of rain and enthusiasm which came so today willgowhere 'Mormon" missionaries are not people together. ' A- .... , profusely last evening. able at: present to gain access. Could they but The judgments were to commence at the house It was quite enjoyable to see the earnest and realize this and their own with the cer. position Saints can bear .witof the Lord, and Latter-dapersevering zeal manifest, not heeding the rain tain failure of their schemes they would be utterly ness to the fact that the were the first to sutler storm which came quickly down, the wind having ? r: Chagrined :r frommbsin the United States, they burned their ceased the torches burned brightly, better than 1 I was forcibly struck with the resemblance behouses, robbed, drove, murdered, and committed should have supposed while rain was pouring tween the. words of Anderson in his fina Judge nhe most fiendish, inhuman acts, not only upon down. Yet true and loyal hearts were beating decision against the naturalization of "Mormons" men, but' delicate, helpless women and children, beneath the wet jackets. "in good standing," and those of the Jews when to which T and others, who are living martyrs for Thus we are proven from time to time to test witli His accusing and condemning the Savior the truth' can testify, and.to the scenes of suffer-bur "integrity and prove our energy for our and teachings. They deemed them sacrilege, the days of our Father's cause. Not being enthusiastic myself accused Him of being a deceiver, a wine bibber, ing, .sorrow, and privation during pilgrimage, which could never be written except I wondered how I could drink into the spirit of it all accusations of a of having devil, and manner the eternal Record, but are indelibly stamped so deeply; believing as I do that honest enwere laid at ILs door. And when He said "If ye ;in upon the memory of those whojjarticipated, and deavors with sincere and devoted hearts will were Abraham's children ye would do .the works their health like my own wrecked for life in con? 'wear-we- ll; and in a case of emergency will be of "We Him reviled saying, Abraham,'' they sequence. I heseiwrongs were never reureeu, al one can ask for or need to win a good cause. know that God. spake, unto Moses; as for this or Illinois, ana oeing a But at the present time we are driven to what Jellow wejknow ... not from whence he .. is?" It neither in Ohio, Missouri, t ' . - rloVrm-rinn 16yal;patri6tjc people we were naturally wrough if I m O it CP t h A t ATrrt" seems that His words were ,L 11.1 kiT ttm L'APnpct nf rpHprtmnS UDon tnose :. misunderstood, and as looked be mean, upon Only to "servants His as are thinkjo misconstrued just those6f ' grievances and gave voice to them and of our Father's footstool; which the are their. but scriptural, teachings day. Though caused by the unjust and unnatural treatwe know that we are not, but quite the opposite. taught in the: Holy record which ment received at the hands of our countrymen n.. nnnxinlsc twill nnt arlmif-r- Kiirh 9 rharartpr doctrines, Christian professors hold up as the only guide to under a government that should have succored because they are the best set of rules ever given eternal life; they condemn them as if originating us. and redressed thewrongs that . they had done ... . man. ii to C..i from other sources,and their own ignorance of the But this did not cause us 10 seceae, inq nrsi I whom made? ask answer, Do you they spirit and meaning of the scriptures is made mam-- . by they had -- pitched , " thought of the Pioneers-whe- n ' were framed by the: Kingof heaven wherThe fest: ". their tents upon this then Mexican soil,, was to ' lived upon this eartli, and the only rules which They have in seeking to do an evil brought into show thefr allegiance by placing our national will fit us to come into His Kingdom. Should public notice many a sacred and lasting truth banner upon the Peak above the Great Salt Lake not we then be up and doing, earnest and sincere? to wave as an emblem of freedom to all which, like gold however much it is trampled Valley for over best be them the to n Have not we proven, H cut- wao 'uatrdns7sects, white7 mwzKrowa-'arupoiiill liverand polish ed or-u .i u..:u 11 1.1.. T?riy" its way and accomplish its destiny. Satan was chose to come to aweu peacauiy anu cip. uuuu sense teach the same? ".'"". armor-bearenever noted for ivisdomt and his the cities seen in visious of the future, which this with satisfied so world, Yet we are . Ho Aninvprt under easily - the wise laws of like himself never fail to overshoot the mark. WCl C lUUIVVia tn time the to take not would weigh subject that we Will there "be found no beam in the eyes of the a free and generous governments Accord value. its true it or as we ought, give Christ.ian,advocates of persecution, 4he instigaters The hardy, patient, long : enduring Pioneers, must be to permitted ingly the opposite spirit and makers of more stringent laws against the and builders and owners of these towns and acwe not are think awaken us to duty; Only "Mormons" that they will need no mercy shown cities, etc., are more than likely to, remain here, of the United citizens fit become to counted them ? Are the crimes and iniquities .laid at our and continue improving, making this' life what ik on Well lands.' homes our public Statesrormake door so much greater than those in other cities was desiVned unless directed by the Hand know who is? like to I should if we are not' u aa hm hfr( anH hlessfd thes narched from whence comes the van who vaunt of their " mat ' """ V M. E. K. i advanced civilization the chaste and pure" who and barren vales for their sakes, having borne the i ht rt.mnnc" tantrihle and blessinp'!? . Janv26, 1890. fear(?) contamination if the dreadful "Mormons" a than "r iHUi muuo mnr real first redeemed l, are allowed an existence upon mother earth? Not any other spot upon His THOUGHTS SUGGESTED BY RULINGS if their own journals speak the truth. Were all by their strength, patience and skill, etc., they are. : their sins of criminal nature, degradation and the last ones that will move away, or be anven OF UTAH COURTS. r Avtf.rminated hv anv crushing process or nil- -; lawlessness gathered and laid open for the inspec- Mythbitghts I persume have been similar to tion of thisJelectablfrJudge who, of course has ings ""gbttei"t)y"pOliticarinterlopersl"'ind con or but their welfare ' in view, there could be no comspirators who have come here bent upon rule manV others upon the singular, though not in the IxuiiiHQnQrablemenjrenterpjis parison between the condition of the least surprising decision , of Judge Anderson : .... ever have mnrlsm imnmvpmcnts - -VVh w . of outside.. en d an that ormbns" .'M society IdClUI CI 3 ilUvl ,!! uiu"i- standwho are in. ''Mormons" the good against one sided and warped officials can occupy the been welcome, and all who desire to be honored i ing." "Saints have proven who willsustain thosewho "citizens;"The "llter-da- f judgment-se- at, - have The next "monstrous being ahead-o- f -t- hemselvesa-God e th ngmanifearirrgeieTheycorruption the infamousjdaho test oath is only another such to be heaped upon the sought to control their feelings, to exercise festation of their folly. Their weakness is never punishment due u .,r Mf o nri nnve Tnereijv suuuucu mui.it ui whom the most more visible than when undertaking to liandle victimsof their wrath, against f rocontmin anrl retaliation which is so'.of falsehoods, are., prop.ogated and the "Mormon" question. The feebleness of their, mischievous towards those who have outraged and af-sent adrift to stir up prejudice. , natural, and doctrines its princoncerning understanding .1 n:. Tfiev Drav for iritflcnn Some of these apostate traducers of the dead . UltlcU uiciu VirnnH the oc;u"" those judgshown upon as sitting by ciples, the living have times innumerable volun-tarill- y those who may be blindly fitghting, thinking like ment seat, and the aims of the people upon whom and God's service in perse- borne witness to the truth and godliness Paul, that they are doing and is pitiful; truly have .L' "" judgment passed T they Qnintc nttar Air mh.iui. ':. or Then "1 "Mormonism to turn iuc and and of jiittvi (3eny uuj Kiiuug in CUling, versed who are those to they appear ludicrous But claiming to be lawful heirs of Father-Adadeclare it to be false is proof of the value to be the things of which they show such ignorance in their word, as they must at one time and mother Eve, begotten to inhabit the same in the high, placed one makes smile, it particularly really as or the other have testified falsely, and therefore planet, with similar natures and peculiarities toned, and would be autocrats who are anxiously their testimony would not have been accepted in others of their descendants, and clinging as tenat looking for the downfall of the "Mormon" church-Irun-ansloustyonaii would be well for the devout students, and an honorabte"COTrrtrJ it our claimed right an progenitors, we have will fly their colors at the approach o Cowards whose Bible of superior knowledge lore, teachers in business and-ththe most genial and affable-me- n lias much to do with his success- - He lias had a large experience in the mercantile line having been buyer in New York and Eastern markets for a large and wealthy establishment in this City Tor fifteen years. He is bound to succeed-i- f push, energy and enterprise coupled with honesy, affability and those fine qualities "of head, and heart that are recognized everywhere as the true . mettle.. at d, . . r " -- .. bedes-Uoyedthought- he ne m ; -- y v -rr:; r--:- . . ." " 11 i low-live- ...n d, -- our-heart-burn- off-scouri- ng 1 , ;; . . u T 1 1 rs v- - jvv. : 1 ' -- foot-stoo- ill-fam- . -- 7ri?" i - praxtkeJriejxM " ; . r'.j "-""- ; r , . t.:n:(l,. -- m nt -- . 