WOMAJNT,SEXPONENT 153 - The dearest, faithful, little members, : 7 Will be missed injdljurjneinSj- They m3ke less, our happy numbers Who used ta rrieet in fondly greetings, They ar jt one, but hope is left s Of meeting them all again, ; For 'twas God who did bereave us He gives the hope, we'll e'er maintain Mary Allsop, Pres. " 11)1 I and . Harriet the "good Samaritan' ministering . to the afflicted and Comf orticg the sorrowing. Assisting at the birth - of over 600 children, and clothed over 300 for the tomb. She was the mother of eleven children, grandmother to 56, grearNgrandmother to 17; As a member of the Relief Society, Sister Hall filled a very important position seeking f for her'service neither fee nor reward in this life. She has gone with a record full of merit to her memory, that will credit her a full reward and ample compensation for a lifetime of usefulness and benefits bestowed ., by " her generous hands upon the suffering sons and daughters P I .Lawrence, Sec. Primary Association, Richmond, '.J-- humanity,. ' 0 On Monday p. m. Dec. 20th, Sister Jane B'ack of Destrrt, departed lhu life, aged. 9. Sister Black was the mother of four children, three sons' nd one daughter, two sons of whom are how living; The various scenes of her pioneer life in Utah and those "attending her f emigration from the Old Country are con- -. Saints. ,nected with the lives of many Latter-daShe encountered many hardships in the early settling of Utah, and her greatest delight was . in bearing a faithfuL testimony of the Gospel and of Joseph Smith being a true " ' - 77; 71 . Prophet of God. She was driven across the Mississippi River by the mob ' and upon one occasion she was hiding , some fire arms 7 of the peoples, under the wagon wheel, when the mob rode up and asked her what she was doing. She answered .that the Saints were to have power to resurrect, and that was what she was doing. They said the woman was crazy and left her alone. There are many of her sex who claim her as mother to them in sickness and trouble as she always had words of encouragement and comfort for them. In her last moments she expressed her "great - joy in being with God's chosen people. Her - remains were shipped to Rockville, in Southern Utah, to be buried beside those of her husband. She was a faithful member of the Relief Society and at tended her meetings until a few weeks before her deaths " Com. ' Dec. 1889. 5th, Deseret, " Sarah Lt GIVEN AWAY BY THE SALT LAKE HERALD. - - li r i ngiiurst. Pres. Ann :. OBITUARIES To "Subscribers or the; M endenhall, Sec. 10-3- "-a- SEMI-WEEKL- P'l'in - . sale -:- .; :. EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH UNION -- "1890. ;;:,ji:j'.;'-- - - .7...:;'- - .(-- - Will be on a grander scale than ever before, Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt.. 1 is an upright Fischer cash. 2P8;W2MstWiiSt,, " e. i ' pianoworth-$50- 0 , TzNo73j3BamS Leading Retail' R.K..THG3 v3 encvnloB&dins. tnilpf. Sftfs. frnit. Pk 9 frpp. aTinA trees, dishes, stoves, books, etc., . FIFTEEN HUNDRED IN ALLI Special to the Ladies. Which will be distributed among all who subscribe for . AT TEASDEL'S u ,u ana uo uiu. j iiit5w tsiyias pxoducuons in RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES JDttT GOODS ; f ant's Shoes. - r 112, 114, 116, 118 SLtSA' rrice S3. CO per year. Address rrnm mm ir n n n u t i liifi imiiALU tor, Mil IM. anrl Tn. Officers: East Temple Street Jonw T.Caine, J. Horace tlfiNERS GAS, WATER .herald. semi-Week- ly Send for a descriptive catalogue free. EMBROBERlES: RUCHES, NS,-- G . the & STEAM FITTERS President,-Hebe- Grant, G. Whitney, Business Manager. Francis Armstrong, ' w. Riter, Junius F. Wells, W. Agent for RTJ Jt3EYS celebrated LIFT and FO Rl k; PUMPS. Pomps Repaired on short notice. Orders imrr- ' the corntry promptly responded to, zriuini. riTO JIMZ2, itx s:3. 111 uiz cm. ; r Vice-Preside- nt. DIRECTORS: , J3, - worth 6200. -. discrimination was shown .Sunshinect-SlormrdaT-or- night, Sister Hall was always on hand to act the part of Seml-W- reapers, rifles, photos, steel engravings, LACES, Kindness and sympathy towards suffering humanity has been among the most prominent features of her life. In the cabin of the poor, or in the circles of the wealthy no " Prize No. 4 is a lot in Garden City, worth $1 50. Prize No. 5 is a yearling heifer, worth SI 25. : Prize No. 6 is a puie of "100 m goldrand in ' the list are several hundred dollars in gold in smaller purses, while included in the SAT.T LAKE CITY. a - Aggreatingr in value over S5000.00, . Prize No. " - -. Being distributed among all subscribers to the kly early In April. : than. Sister Nancy E. Hall, who departed this life after much suffering and lingering sickness. Sister Hall was borne near JamestownV Russel Co., Kentucky, Feb, 23rd, 1826. Was married to Edward Hal!r Feb. 2nd, 18.fi. Was baptized at, Fort Kearney, July 5th, igo, by Bishop David Evans. Arrived at Springville, March 10th, 1851, where she resided until her death, which occured Jan. 24th, un-devlat- ... , Among the good and tnieTthat have b6enathered to the silent tomb m this locality the past few .months, none -6 I TICKET: IOFFICE, - ' r euxrent-sf.orle-by- Main Street, Salt Lake Giy. J. V. PARKER, -- Society: y The Premium Distribution for i 890 ;1 MART'&HrrTTfes Herald is now the largest, brightest and most enterprising paper published In Utah. It consists of 8 'pages, and Ls shortly to The . Herald jjUbLislfes the moat standard peci 1 arra n ?em e n t with the au th orsj con ta in ng many Illustrated features; has tho exclusive rights to Bill 'ye's letters; maintains a regular telegraphic correspondent In Washington, and receives; weekly letters from the correspondent Frauk G. Carpenter." Special attention Is paid to market reports ar1 agricultural news; and a prominent feature will be made of religious news, the tabernacle services being regularly reportei, while prominent, sermons of the leading ebureh authorities are given in full. In politics, The Herald stands as it has ever stood, the firm and champion of the rights of the people of Utah. Semi-Weekl- bejre-enlarge- d. PRINCIPAL POINTS , JDied at her parent's residence in Deweyvillc on the 18th of January Emily Jane, beloved wife pf,JameTIindsey J5 and daughter ef Bhop J. C. and Mary Dewey, aged 27 Saint and years next May. She was a faithful Latter-da- y noble one possessing many qualities of mind, kind, amiable and benevolent which gained tor her the love and esteem of all who knew her. She was the mother of four children three of whom are living. The husband ' has sustained a -great loss and has theyropathrhttre'"Sn!5rQenir she was not only a devoted wife and kind mother, but one that was loved to a great degree by her father, mother, brothers and sisters and all the members of a largeiamily-- l the sorrow that each felt at her death no one can realize but those that are called to mourn. " The funeral services were held at the Deweyville school house on the 21st of January, and alihough the weather was cold, still the frieads of the deceased turned out enmasse to pay a last token of respect to one so truly loved. She was also a member of the Relief Society and First Counselor to the Pres. of the Primary Association in . Star Valley al her home. Consoling remarks were made by Counselor F. Durfee and Elder C. Dunn of Deweyville, and also A. Burt and Charles Kelleyr Counselors to the Pres. of Box Elder Stake, ftffi which her remains were conveyed to the "cemetery and laidlo rest with a sure and certain hope of a Dedicatory Prayer was oftered at glorious resurrection. the grave by C Kelley. V 7 The cel-brat- ed " .. ISSUE. Y fnffi y -- r.zrta. - PvirjIARU W. YOTJNG, Chas. S. Burton, " W. IT. Howe, S. P. Teasdei,, Heber M. Wells, F. i. WOOLLEY, .3 as. Sharp, , Eli as. A. Smith. a-- 1 i 