'''''''1BrTn'a----jW-"-rni"-ii- ml t n in mntmt EXPONENT. The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of Vol. 19. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1890. -- CONTENTS. The . -- : e The-Bittera- - -- nd ? In all the shifting scenes and toils of life, Where'er her fortune, or her lines were cast; Battling for right 'mid all the storms and strife; Buoyant and hopeful even to the last. The fall and. winter .following Mrs. Hatha way's arrivaTirTNauvoo were' of special note in the history or the Church, and each "and every; event that transpired made upon her a deep and lasting impression, as also upon Lucy Reynolds and her husband, for though they Saints they werd .were staunch Latter-da- IN THE OLD DAYS OF LONG AGO. By Lu. In the old old days of the long ago This world was a loom, it is said; Wherein truth and error wrought together, Thro' the woof and the warp of its thread. So firmly they wove that few could "sever, Or fairly trace out the false from the true, Only persistent, constant endeavor, Caught sight of the error, woven all through. Then such beautiful things were woven in, v Rich dazzling colors both of light and dark. Glimmering all over its strife and din. That the deepest wisdom could scarcely mark Where the truth came in; or error was placed. Fashion and folly mad passion and hate, Were wrought with truth in extravagant haste, I her-associat- When rushing swift to some vague goal We cast chance glances by the way, But have not time to pause or look Lest we the unknown world shall stay, We snatch quick sight of pleasant things; And when we find ourselves at last, Within the land we made such haste JTo reach, and see the flowers "iasr" Fade in the dullness of decay, "We think of glimpses that were flashed From 4eepriehtints"of varnmiroomT As o'er the way we careless dashed. jajjJbad iay arat ef - Returning late they brush their wings Close to our face; and then we feel Something we lost, and gave no thought, Till thus we're smote in mute appeal And standing dizzy and alone, We dreaming measure years apast. By just these hours, How. strange wee birds, " being-perform- - not-bee- opened-fQrher4hra- u : Ida es, -- Thus when we struggle to attain Some cherished plan.some topmost hight. That seemed the one alluring way, And to that end both day and night We;JiuirieAswifV Of modest grace in humble ways. Till fades the sky's enchanting blue, And we remember then some days, Whose swift, sweet hours flew by like birds Upon the wing with merry lays. Whether they "flew to north or south, We, heeded not till after r days. -- es,- . AFTERWARDS. " - racy, that pervaded Nauvoo and its suburbs; and one might almost say Hancock Co., and the State ot Illinois. During that winter the Nauvoo Temple was so far completed, as to be self the struggles she had undergone in her ready for ordinances, and this seemed to arouse heart and soul. the evil passions of thejyicked mobs beyond all All this time she had heard nothing from re'ason; persecution raged to the very extreme, the Harvev's, and she knew now that she had and an exodus of some of the Saints,especially hoped against hope, with regard to Harold. the leaders-of-th- e that he was ShefeIt Wi was talked of early in the winter. So many dead, though no word or message came save occurrences took place about this time that it is the still small whisper down in the depths of impossible to do more than barely touch upon her own soul, which told her plainly that she them; and that is perhaps sufficient for the was free and at liberty, to make choice of another if she so desired. She did not know story we are writing. The baints who were in good standing were whether she cared for this freedom or not, she -anxious to receive their blessings in the beauti had passed through so many trying ordeals, ful Temple that had been built at such great that she seemed only to think of peace, she i sucn trying circumstances, anai had been so completely. subdued and remolded expense, under while many of those who worked upon i t were tlmt she w&a.iioks.um,if , aketJlLmssessed any so poor they were scantily supplied with thv of the; Toniantic characteristics of former days. necessaries of life, yet they had toiled on, de She had given up everything; all her girltermined to finish the Lord's house. Brigham friend?, all and once "she had Young, who by virtue of his position a3 Presi thought that would be impossible; even Lucy ot was dent the Quorum of the Iwelve really Reynolds seemed more her mother's friend, the leader of the people, was desirous thafas than hers; what did it all mean? Mrs. Hathamany of the Saints a3 could, should hare the way quickly discerned after her arrival the privilege of the blessings to be given in the great change that had taken place in Hepsie, House of the Lord, while there was still an though she rejoiced that it had increased inopportunity granted them, for prophet a3 he stead of lessening her faith. was, he foresaw the hindrances that would fol"Hepsie," she said one day when they were and low; day after day the Temple was alone together, "what has made such a radical crowded with brethren and sisters. It was a change in you? It seems incredible to me, (and grand and beautiful sight and one that can I am your mother) that you should have lost never be forgotten while memory Jastsnot, yourambiiiontoba awriterf or teacher ymir n t and holy ed ifice, for that only inside the m taste, fame, poetical your aspirations but to see the Saints flocking up the broad we once thought so firmly rooted and grounded ur o rom steps and to the doorsjsfjthe Temp Tead'6rirFanHehTd the short time has caused it? Is it Harold's what during explain they were permitted to work therein. Hephzibah had many excellent opportunities Hepsie's lip quivered, her eyelids trembled, familiar of becoming with" the highest and her whole soul convulsed with peculiar emo most exalted principles and truths pertaining tions: she knew not what to answer, but feel to th& Gospel, as well as to the great and grand ing as she always had her mother's superiority, work-whi- ch ed was- "in the and Tecognizing her right to question, she col- te; and it really ieemedlhat sheTiadT)een lected her scattered thoughts and replied mysteriously led without her own volition into hastily. "Don't question me, mother, I can't a channel of association whereby she might bear to talk of these thing3 now, everything in '6W&YnceTiim great blessings and privileges this world has changed for me; henceforth my not only for herself, but for her mother; who religion shall be my all." was such a devout and faithful exemplar of Mrs. Hathaway never questioned Hepsie the first. principles taught by Ithe lElders and -- again jr but she saw and felt that she was also so intelligent concerning the prophecies of absorbed as it were in something that engrossed scriptures, which she had so carefully studied. her thoughts and occupied' her mind to the exComing to Nauvoo at a time when one great clusion of all else, and she remarked to event was crowding thick upon another, withLucy Reynolds (now Mrs. Adams) one day out being known except by a few, she (Mrs. when they were talking. "Can you tell me not have had the pri vi lego Lucy, what ha3 come over Hepsie to work such Hathaway)-woul- d of going into the Temple as she so much de- an entire change in her?" "No," replied Lucy, that the way had been 'unless it is the Temple work and the exalting sired, had it nature of principles taught fey" the Apostles and sorrows, that had thrown her into . the Eldere concerning a spiritual exaltation Ghureh-and-thir-famili- . - -- -- Fearless and free without halt or delay, Backward and forward 'the swiftm shuttle,.flewf..i-"Eviran- H good traveled along through the way, .The woofund. warp, held the false and the true. -- e y 4otallynaequaintexftrrthpiriri)fTQoboc- No. .5. society of those who "went in and out 'of the Temple day and night." Hepsie; realized now; it" was m- - her power to get the privilege of Temple ordinances for her dear mother who had been so zealous and earnest an adherent to the Gospel ever since it was first preached in the little country village in New England; though she had not had the opportunity yf gathering to Nauvoo in the oi ftheTfonhct, andTieanng Ms voice Hife-timTor herself whicETslie had so ardently desired. It was a great comfort to Hepsie that she could assist her mother in this way spiritually, even at the time, but in years afterward she realized more fully, how eurelyJ.he hand of Providence, had guided her in ways she knew not, and against which her spirit and her pride had wofully rebelled, though she had kept silence, and none knew except her- IIEPHZIBAH. XXVI. Comin Brotherhood. Francis E.Willard. Pride,How Shall We Define- It?- - Mary. Montpelier Primary. Rose Hillieri Widows In India. Selected. R. S. and P. A. Reports. Bear Lake Uintah. How It Came About. Maud Muller. Notes and News. Editorial. An Interesting Time. W. S. A. Celebration rEaUoriaiNotesr-"Honorin2'-thAgedv-A- r the Sweet." M. E. K. Poetry. In The Old Days Of Long Ago. Lu. Afterwards. Ida M. Davis. Supplication. Charity.. Lines. Alice M. J. Tann er. Hepbzibah. . all Nations. M. Davis. n -- t-a- nd 