of the 7 Vol. Women SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1, 1890. 19. CONTENTS. The bramble from the'sweet-briar- , the nettle from the rose Some lives there are which seem like these,, as sensitive ' '. and fair, . As far from thought of sin or shame, as free from stain or ; Rural Letters, Lula. Aunt Lu's Story. The Higher Education of Womeny Mrs, Eddy. Notes aDd News. ;R. 5. and P. A.Reports, VVasatch Maricopa Uintah. Dry Creek District Relief Society Organized. Woodland Y. L. M. I. A. Unwritten Laws for Officers of Women's Clubs, Amelia K. Wing. Why Jewesses are Beautiful. To Presidents of Stake Suffrage . Associations. Obituaries. Editorial: Relief Society Conference; The Women in. the Orient, J. M. S. In Memoriam f J da., -I- of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. c'are. ''fairest are most fragile still, the world of being through finest spirits faint before they lose life's morning dew, trials and the toils of lime touch not their tender truth, ere earth's stain can cloud them they achieve im- The The The For, mortal youth LitteWs Living Age. Autumn, j L, M. H. Morning Glories, Littell's Age. Tears Will Come, L M. H. Lines' in Memory, Emma B. Coleman. field-flowe- rs , 1 . d, GLORIES. MORNING Oh. dainty daughters of the dawn, most delicate of flowers, How fitly do ye come to deck day's most delicious hours! Evoked by morning's earliest breath, your fragile cups v .unfold ;. Before the light has cleft the sky, or edged the world with - . .-rr"" gold. Before luxurious butterflies and moths are yet astir, JBeCQreihe-Jcarele- ss breeffeas-'nappethe leaf -- hung gossamer, VVhile speared dewdrops yet unquaffed by thirsty insect-theive- s, ' .... ". Lula. No. 3. Aunt Em: DEAk "Summit," Cache Valley. - ,. , ' AUNT LU'S STORY. -- We have as fine autumn weather in Cache Valley this month as I ever knew of anywhere. The evenings and early mornings are frosty but the mid-timof day is warm and bright with sunshine. The laboring men highly appreciate this pleasant weather, as it affords them the oppor tunity of getting their winter supplies ot fire-wood irom tne canyons witn so mucn more ease and comfort than the same work could be done in stcrms of snow and cold winds. e The chill winds of atumn are sighing around, The Jeaves dry and wither' d fall fast on-- the ground, The blighted no longer may bloom, O loveliest preachers, ye fell us our doom! Thy brightness and beauty, where is it, oh where ? Thy fragrance is wasted away on the air, Thy fresh beaming beauty, pure lovely and fair, Where is it ? oh tell me echo answers "Aye where ?" Bright dewdrops that nourished thy buds into bloom, That drew such gay colors from out earth's dark womb, v Exhaled with thy fragrance borne far on the air, Thy beauty where is it ? echo answers me "where ?" Thy splendid regalia of red, green and gold, . Have vanished away like a tale that is told, storm-tosse.Now all deadened and once passing fair,. ? is it where me "where.?'' answers echo Thy beauty Our world seemed an Eden, most marvelous fair, r .And lightened stern duty of one half its care," Yet Autumn winds sighing repeat but my prayer, ' Thy beauty where is it ? echo answers me ''where ?" L. M..H, t4 , ' Why need we pursue thissubject farther? What was this strange power, that turned these men from the wrath of cruel murder? The power of love and sympathy, the power of. God ' ' RURAL LETTERS. Poetry: AUTUMN. through, the town. And the "Old ,' School House is altered some, " but still stands as a " relic of by gone days. - .' kl No. 10. l The spirit of th? Sixty-firs- t conference of the church is being richly dif fused among the inhabitants here, whose hearts are open to receive it, and who would have been in those favored assemblies to hear the pleasing words of God from the, lips of his Prophets, but for circumstances over which they have had no control. The leaven works semi-annua- well,'. A Cache Valley Stake Conference of the Relief Society was held in Logan on Monday the 20th inst ; and the same spirit of exhortation and blessings for all, that characterized the General R. 8. Conference held at S. L. City on the 7th inst, rested upon the speakers both morning and afternoon, and permeated the hearts of the congregations. Taking this as a sample of the different Stakes of Zion, have we not great reason to rejoice that the women of the Latter-daSaints are not; all sleeping... so as to let their lamps go out ? . If soundly 111 tl oe counted! iooiisn, wnen tne comnve will ing of the Bridegroom is heralded, let us be thankful indeed that there will also be "five" y . . . . f short time" quite a T settlement has been formed by people from the Eastern states mostly, who have taken up claims, built log" cabins nearly all of them with thatched roofs, so that at a distance? they have the appearance of .scattered promiscuously over the country. They; have also a logcabin for a school house "the erected, have the bark npon them in which; they logs floor is of 'puncheons split logs, the grew; the door is immense, a3 well as the chimney, there are two windows one at each end of the Lodge.iLwhere.-in-a-i7ry- w " V unto salvation! These men. were afterwards baptized, with many new converts, among them our dear, Mrs. Alby, aud the "staunch Presbyterian Woman" who could not withstand the power of ' J, conviction. In the conversion of these men, that Scripture wa3 verified which says, "I will make the wrath of man to praise me," etc. They have both been on foreign missions, and spent raariv "happy eventful days" since then but date to the one event that f a11if iitheir true happiness ; i i oi ineir miraculous conversion irom tne power of the "Prince of darkness," to the tru th of the vV 'Everlasting Gospel." But now the lire burn3 brightly and its genial warmth seems to act as' a sort of syra- piioeuc magnetism upon my Dram ana. neart and I feel like having a little social chat with you, wno nave Jistenea so attentively, to me thii3 far, aud if you don't mind the fatigue of straying over meatlow, field and river up hill and down dell, we will go back to "Alby. toad-stool- s, ! house, over it as it m protection of this laborious structure, that all the settlers have turned outto build; and r hen the next'thing in order was' to find a teacher; there was no one in all the settlement who wa3 considered competent if who will be wise. A conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the . they cared to teach: little Dama who is now 'Broider with rows of diamonds the edges of the leaves. twelve years of age, is the nearest approach to Stake, was advertised in the R. S. Conference; Ye drink from day's o'erflowing brim, nor ever dream of the Stake Primary Association was also an educated young woman (thanks to good noon, represented, showing that these organizations mother Alby) but shehas" yet'much loIearn; With bashful nod ye greet the sun, whose scorches flattery are well looked after by theJSistemir charge and the task oLfinding a teacher was assigned V; "j; soon, tojRobert...l-.-l-- of them. t Ycmr trumpets trembling to the touch of humming-birIt must be a woman of course, oh account Nothing new ha3 reached me yet, in rela.: or bee, . of tion to the Woman's Suffrage work in this cheapness, and she must be jwilling Ito In tender trepidation sweet, and fair timidity. walk two miles, and take her chances of an nr- .valley; but I am hoping for news of it soon . No flower in all the garden hath so wide a choice of hue, cadonal conveyance to and from by teams; at So many dear old friends and familiar The deepest purple dyes are yours, the tenderest tints of scenes of my girlhood are still to be found in iMwyriuJL.exisiencey-woma- n blue; ' what ever vocation, was not considered almost Cache sometimes "for While some were colorless as Sght someliushed incarna- Valley, that I get the lapse of years dividing the present J worth more than a third at least as much as a dine, from the past, when with father and mother, man's, although she might perform the same And some are clouded crimson, like a stained with goblet ' ' brothers and sisters, I spent so many happy amount or more; and do her task eaualiv as w5ne- Ye hold not in well, or even better; that did not matter, but days in our quiet, peaceful home. The suryour calm, cool hearts the passion of. the " ..i.' K'r rose,.' roundings are changed, to be sure, but not so the world move3, and times have changed.Tand - Yedo not own the haughty pride the regal lily knows; and young women mayTb greatly as one might suppose in twenty years. you little - But ah, what blossom has the cha'rm, Uhan kf u i and consider yoursej ves fortunate The same bright stream of water, "Summit the 'purity of his. : :Whlclj shrinks before' the dearest" love, and dies beneath Creek," along whose banks I, with my sisters that you "came into existence to take, up joxt kiss? , v., gathered the sweet wild roses, wiih which ta march in the battles of life, alonir steeD oaths. In this wide garden of the world, where he is wise who ndjaverJofiyheighi-- " made "smo6lh by "'the brighten the roomjjjMl JcnOWS 1 make our owlThome more cheery t still flows uouie pioneers q reiormi -.:'- - d ' ;.t', :.' .. tl 1 1 '.L d '. ; .... ; " . " J"! ' 1 ' . . x. .. - -a : ; -. 