144 DAVIS STAKE. - The Quarterly Conference of the Belief of Davis Stake was held at Centerville, - So--ciet- come in contactwitlLthe-divine- r ami makes us fix! weak. When we. speak . by way of admonition we admonish ourselves. When we y ' Jan. 24, 1890. this Vssocaition -- mast - pay an initiation" fbeT)f 50 cents annualfy, and must give or send their names with the money to the Secretary, who will present them .in the. order of business to! the next regular meeting for admission. have the Spirit of the Lord 'wo can speak with Susan Grant Pres. presiding. Meeting .ease; hut when the Spirit is taken from us we opened by singing, "ihe morning '"breaks, the feel barren. I cannot edify my sisters without ART I CLE V. shadows uee." Prayer by Brother-- . Randall, theSpiiitof the Lrd. Many have taken the the The officers of thb Ahsociatiouj-wit"Gloiiou3 are of on Zion." theaiselve and have fallen. You things glory singing, sung Executive Committee, shall have power to Present on the stand were Pres. Susan Grant, may criticise me as much as you like, but don't change or amend the s and RegulaMrs. and her Counselors, Mary Clark and criticise the truth that I tell you. We could tions at any Executive seo.-- i nf and shall then Lucinda Brown, also quite a number of the havethe gifts of the gospeL nuwju much-i- ts submit -- them to the regular meeting, where weaver in the branches did Stake. Presidents it we sought for them. I wish to Minuted they ....... may be adopted byja majority vote. ake-this askthe-nid-xfTnof. last Conference read and accepted.- ARTICLE Vr. opportumiy-to Pres. Grant was much disappointed that the sisters in the Sunday School; you can do it by The Executive Committee shall devise plans sisters who were to be here from the City had teaching your children to be orderly and of work suited, to the development and progress obedient at home; what they are allowed to do of the members, of the Association, and conot come. "We have visited some ot the find faithful at few and in each one a branched home, they think they can do anywhere operate together "with the members in encourelse. The family organization is the foundaloss sisters realize the think don't the. they aging young people torspeak, Avrite essays, and sustain by not attending their. meetings. Am tion nfall others. This soeitty is a great help; discuss questions upon .jwlitical matters and pleased to have the brethren attend our it is the head of all societies. May the Lord, civil government," and such other strbjects as ble..s y.u and all of us to the end. . and know tliftv lake an interest in mpfttinfra.-prelate thereto; and invite thosii not already O ' J Ianthus" Brother - them,Barlow 'followed., "i cannot tereted in suffrage to join, and encourage them, they can correet: us if we benefit to do not want to overstep our bounds, we have say anything you. without the Spirit to become acquainted with the objects of the of the Lord. I think to overcome to be very prayerful Joseph gave this society. organization. temptation, iue ngm name; mey can relieve uie poor, and ARTICLE VII- for the adversary, is ever on the alert to lead The names of delegates lo the'Ani.ual Conthe people astray, may we be faithf ul to the there are many ways they cau do good. It is as Brother Porter said about the children; they vention of the N. W. S.. A. at. .Waihingtou, end." ; will remember what their parents teach "them; "shall ie")resehfed Ihi voted upon at the an-- , .Coun. MaryJ21arkaddressed if they are wayward they will remember what nual meetiug of the Association, previous to We have met together to be blessed and comsaid Convention, or a special meeting called forted; I am pleased with the minutes of our mother taught them and come back. I a&k for the purpose. The Credentials of the delelast conference, they are good. "We are all the Lord to help us to serve Him aright. Now dependent children on our Heavenly Father, sisters may you be blessed as a band of sisters, : gates shall be prepared by the Executive Com- mittee' and properly signed by the Officers t)f should live nraverful all the time, that we-- -- and..with the Spirit of the Lord. Brother John PooJ next addressed the meetthe Association. may be able to attend to our many duties. VIIJ. ing. I have been very much edited in what J Spoke of the necessity of talking to our child" AH official papers and documents shall Je ren and giving them . good instructions that have heard; it has brought many reflections to ." my m'v d There is one thing noticeable in signed by the President and Secretary, or;Jtnj as many are doing. not go they may astray . . ."-i i x i .1 i 1 reading history ; -j-imlhers - bayez formerfcthe! ziiiaabsence of tin NY nere taej5niriLJ3imejra-idiutris-4rw- those who love virtue next in order, and all official .correspondence uom; we uuve glorious times iu luccimg iu- - "mmds'Oi the children, the corrupt, and will not must be signed by the Chairman of the Execu- gether; it is our desire to do right, and let us ;despise the society of tive Committee or the President, and the Corhave faith in the ordinances when we have remain in their presence. We make impres.....-'...responding Secretary.;. sickness; if we live right the destroyer will sions on our children before they are bom. ALTICLE IX You sisters are holding the destiny of children pass us. b v. , , May we . spend ou r time in doing the' them receive to and preparing Regular meetings of fhis Association shall priesthood. good and building up the Kingdom. than the father. be held once a month, and such busiuess transYour influence, is Coun. Lucinda Brown leltmuat the lnliu-enc- e Cultivate the spirit ot peace and quietnes with acted as shall be brougbMo the .ajttentip.aoiL-;- -of the Spirit of the Lord was there; I de-"y o u r. ch i Idxeju X say u n t& y o& 'bters-g- ir on; tire :m eeti ng ' by IheExT culfve Com m i t tee ef sire to do my part, and assist Jn the work, Hove to attend my meetings and may the blessing of God attend you in the Secretary, or' other officers, after which "ThTrKTngdom. miscellaneous business or discussion will be in your eflbits. anti am surprised that the sisters do not attend order. Sister Lucy, Clark, Sister TIatch, Counselor y their meetings better. We should meet toARTICLE X. made few each a Clark and remarks, gether often for when the sisters get up and Bron A punctual attendance of the members is the of to truth vyhat had bear their testimonies it strengthens them and bearing testimony been '.saiiir"""'""""" particularly requested, in order to further the thev. ffft! morfl united. Sooke of the hardships interests of the whole, and to promote harmony Pres. Grant made closing remarks. Conferwe have to pass through. It is necessary for methods of organizetl work. ' and all in to three for "meet at ence plans months, desire to I to adjourned us to live right frpirulay day. :Si nging1LCiiildreiiZofrZioaf: FarmJngtou be one ofJLhejfeithilISainta All local suffrage that may- - be Benediction by trust in me. Loru; my uesire is iu uvo auu uu awake from your sadness." r organized throughout by adopt-- ; Brother Pool. 'good. . and or similar thes : ) the Conones, rules, ing . Susan Grant, Pres., , Sisters Jane Holt and E; Barkdall made National-AmericaWoman stitution 'of the Phebe C. Sessions, Sec. very instructive remarks, and bore faithful Suffrage Association, and paying .such a "per-- r testimonies to the truth of thiswork-- L centage as shall be agreed upon, shall be. conPres. Grant felt that we had been blessed UTAH W. S. A. sidered auxiliaries, and their representatives or with the SoiriUof the Lord; would say a few delegates will be expected to atteml a Terriwords in regard, to our meeting this afternoon: s Ri:nuiATroN3... torial Suffrage Convention, should one be and .When I Jast saw Sister E. B. Wells she thought called, and entitled to the priviliges pertaining ARTICLE I. , it was necessary for us to organize a W. S. A., thereto. be called the Woman shall but af Associatioii this This it i to ternoon, could we atten thought a3thesistera from thejcityJiaveinotQmewe: I M PORTE NT ITEMS. our meeting i f r; w f I Ail Aafo ARTICIE ir. UViVi that J "? vw nnd.ftdionrn States four "While admitted to the great just until 2 p.m." Singing, "How beauteous are Association shall be to .the of The object Union have freely discussed woman's right of thv 'oot lnr..?iptinn hv Pres. W. R Smith- - work h the enfmnchisejn "in their conventions, they have all Aftef noanserviees-commenee- dbyingingr without regard to party, sect, or creed, and to suffrage "Let: Zion in her beauty rise. Prayer by take such steps from time to time as shall seem failed to incorporate if in their constitutions. Nevertheless, the steps of progress already Brother Nathan Porter. Singing, '.T saw a to be wise and expedient for the achieved should encourage the timid and stimumighty angel flv." of ihe A'omen of this Territory. late the brave to renewed efforts. The con-- . Pres. Jane Muir of West Bountiful, Mrs. ARTICLE ITI. cessions made in the world of Work, the trades Boyuton of Kaysville, and Pres. Lucina Association this be of a shall and professions; in the department-o- f educa- The officers Sessions of East Bountiful, represented the a Secretary, "ttdaopening ..colleges' auJ'unrversitiS; in. the Kellef .Society in their respective wards, and President, three -Assistant CJbretary, Correspouding Secretary civil status of wumHi), securing to wiyei their bore a faithful testimony to this work. - Brother Nathan Porter then addressed the and Treasurer, with an Executive Commtttee rights of property and many other individual of not "lea than five, who shall hold their reresponsibilities denied under the old common meeting. Said it would be very unbecoming law; school suffrage in sixteen States, muuir iii me to refuse to bear my testimony, but I spective offices one year, unless sooner removed - ':. Icipal suffrage in Kansas, and, bast of all, full feel timid; I don't know as this timidity will ; for cause.: ARTICLE IV. eyereareiusreYem All persons wishing to become members of twenty years' experience, equal franchise ha3 over it. Now why is it? It is because we . . - . h , By-Law- . if y- -- -t- . ; - Jur. are-wrong,-- - . ih&-ineet- ing, u-f- t . , -.ARflCLB . -'.- ihrei , :r' fax-great- J. er , . : the-Territor- " : - ' n By-law- - uffrage-AssoeiatioiofrUtahr:- - -- " ' T " political-ad--vanceme- nt 1 Vice-President- s, - - , tuffratft-tr-WyuimTJ- ge -- - v"J" 