T1 WO L1n 13 The RigJits of the,, Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Womhi of . Vol.19. Lost and Found, M. A. Y. Greenhalgh. Autobiography.Elizabeth B. Pratt. From Far Away, E. A. Crane Watson. The Coin jjf Polite Society. Girls Behind the Counter, Queen Isabella Pavilion. Notes and News. The Woman's Store. National American Woman's Suffrage Association. "Editorial: Christmas Peace and Goodwill. Editorial Notes. The Sisters in Canada, Zina Y. Card. A Resolution. A Prophecy. Poetry: Victors. Judge Not, A. A. Proctor. Xhnstmas Bells. Christmas Eve. Lu Dalton. "Trust and. Duty, Helen M. Whitney. Martha Washington, Mar J. p. Kail. The Last Eve of Summer, John G. Whittier. Friendship's Tribute, Emily H. Woodmansee. VICTORS. ' Not to the brave upon the battlefield, Alone, the palms of victory belong; Nor only to the great of earth the song Of praise and paean should the singer yield. Greater the souls that, single handed, wield The battle-a- x against the hosts of wrong, Unknown, unnoted in life's reckless throng, And only in God's day to stand revealed. How many such, in patient, humble guise, Beside us walk their brief appointed way, Nobly enduring; worthiest to shine As fixed stars in Fam's eternal skies t For these, for this, I reverently lay ..On ihekjdear of mine ;, Overland Monthly. , . dust-this,Ji.ttk4e- . M. A. Y. GREENHALGH. In twilight of a bright December day a lady past middle ape, sat in a luxuriotisly furnished boudoir. Her attit-- . tude and contour, accorded well with the "dim religious light," which rested on her alone while it left the other, portions of the room in the deepest gloom. ..... : The last rays of the closing day seemed to couccnTme'afoiind her as tho unjwlJinJlifiL. The years come not back that have circltd away With the past of the Easttrn land, When. He plucked the corn on the Sabbath day .' And healed the withered hand; But the bells shall join in a joyous chime For the One who walked the sea, And ring again for the better-tim- e Then ring ! for the earth's best promise dwells In ye, O joyous prophet bells. CHRISTMAS EVE. , 'Tis sweet Christmas Eve, O my darling, The blessed, the glad Christmas eve, And under the bloom of the starlight, I'm waiting and listening for thee. Oh canst thou not hear the low calling My spirit wafts outward to thine? A tender wave rising and falling Entreating thy soul answer mine? abundance, and the entree into the highest circles, even royalty welcomed her with more than courtly politeness when she appeared among them. She was. benevolent almost to a fault, for tew ever eought-- her aid in vain; yet, she resided in that princely home alone surrounded only by dependents but they were faithful, and watched over her tenderly, ior, hey loved her, and in their love they carefully tended her. It was no secret that in early lile she had suffered from some great sorrow, but few kuew the true cause. At twenty-five- , her w become had hair quite" row left its mark. As a girl she was very beautiful, and her beauty was peccliar; her skin was of dazzling whiteness, her eyes blue, hair, eyebrows, and eyelashes, ware nearly black, so dark that until the sun shone upon them no color could be perceived in them. She was my senior by several years and as a child I almost worshipped her. I had been absent Irom England two years, and on my return I found her as I have described her, still bearing her maiden name Marrianne Lester. When - L publicly know that she was engaged to a Mr. Holds- worth and the day fixed for the marriage, but one week - previous o the? --date --aanounced for the ceremony, a paragrapn in the newspaper the marriage of Edward iiolds- announcing en .. t i . .11 worm, ner amancealinusoana, to a miss iuise Blessi, Miss Biessi was from Switzerland, and M arrianne had meTher 1 uKrtsy she had i ted her to- her father's house, on a . visit, which was to extend till after Marriahna's marriage. There Holdsworth had met her, and the result was an elopement, and marriage. tale, a fickle minded man and a false friend. After the marriage the pair had gone to Switzerland, there to remain until the scandal should be partially lorgotten. Marrianne uttered but quietly left England lor a tour m Italy; r Unjreaehing;" Flofenceshe was taken ill, the strain had prostrated her, and lor a time she was a wreck mentally and physically, of her former Self. A wl cuu?tituriv)u7 aij(tca stored her to her lamily with her beauty but IittlelmpHreder amiability inure pr oTuouuced and her hair bleached to a:peifect white, by Oh, gladly I think of the manger And Him, who so lowly was laid, The sages who greeted the stranger And gifts at his tiny feet laid, The mother so happy and holy, And Joseph so gentle and true, The shepherds who bo.ved them so lowly, And the star lighting midnight so blue. -- -- BY. A A. PROCTOR. Judge not; the workings of his brain And of his heart thou canst not see; What looks to thy dim eyes a stain, In God's pure sight may only be A scar, brought from some well-wor- n field, Where thou wouldst only faint and yield. -- The look, the air, that frets thy sight May be a token that below The soul has closed in deadly fight With some infernal fiery foe, : Whose glahce would scorch thy smiling grace, And cast thee shuddering on thy face I lost,' trat wait and see, " Witn hopeful pity, not disdain; The depth of the abyss may be The measure of the height of pain And love and glory that may raise This soul to God in afterday!--- - -Andjtrdge-ncme .r-.- CHRISTMAS BELLS. Dear are the sounds of the Christmas chimes : In the land of the ivied towers, And they welcome the dearest of festival times ' In this Western world of ours ! Bright on the holly and mistletoe bough, The English firelight falls. And bright are the wreathed evergreens now- -' Thaf gladdelT own home walls. And harkl the first sweet note that tells The welcome of the Christmas bells. . Thpy are ringing thr ugh the Norway firs,: And across tne Swedish fells.":: And the Cuban palm-tre- e dreamily stirs To the sound of those Christmas bells Z1 to-nig- ht 1 Oh, love is the light of high heaven, L The soul of the universe fair; To win us above it was given, And will be our glory when there; Then proudly I own that Move thee ' And long for thy coming tonight; above thee May all these bright sur-eytheir with me of thee Remind light. ,,, es wtnt-awav-itw- A year ago, darling, you sought me A gift in your hand too you brought me," Bestowed with a kiss pure and sweet. Oh dear were the kiss and the token , And clear the light in thine eye, AnxLpreciousJne words whiclt were spoken- - - Beneath the deep starlight sky Thou coraest not, yet I'll not doubt these, Thou best of the image of God; His blessings and peace be about thee, His word be thy staff and thy ..rod .. Though I nevermore should behold thee Nor hear the dear sound of thy voice, His love ever warmly enfold thee And. thou ia llis goodness rejoiced " Ohrhark! as the clear angel totees Roll sweetlyhe firmament through, Dissolve my glad soul in their chorus And ope to my wondering view The present, the pasrand tne future. : Lue the shepherds from Judea's sod Enraptured I look up to heaven, For love makes me one with God. ' Lu Dalton as . i n-- vi -- 'iZJ the- - soft, mellow, "datknesrsli'ou'rd douceaTTuat calm placid brow, and sweetly curved lips Irom which niether sorrow or time had been able to steal the amiable expression. The house in which that boudoir was situated was one of London's stateliest mansions. It stood at the corner of an old square at the West end, but was not the less aristocratic be cause of its age, for every house in that square belonged to a family who really had ancestors, and of those ancesters they had reason to be proud, and none more so, perhaps, than the . She hud wealth in lady above alluded-too- The beautiful chorus of angels Their happiness pouring in song, Their greeting to earth and to mortals v hich echo still carries along, The love which looked down out of heaven Enfolding the children of earth, To us its best treasure was given, And so our Redeemer had birth. JUDGE NOT. No.. 13. ds -- -- - LOST AND FOUND. They ring where the Indian Ganges rolls Its flo6d through the wide; They swell the far hymns of the Laps and Poles, To the praise of the Crucified. Sweeter than tones of the ocean's shells,' Z 'Mingle the chimes of the Christmas bells riee-fiel- -- -- --" SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 16, 1890. CONTENTS. i all Nations. - -- :rrrj''-JCSCfra"laint- ; , 