WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- - , CAESIA STAKE. marriage by the Prophet Joseph,.I never doubted its truth and I felrin time to come I Editor ExroNor: should enter into order. In "July " The Conference of the Relief Society of the 1 843 I was eeahd to. Pa rley "p. Pratt at Pres. at Oakley on the 17, of Young's house, Hyrum Smith officiated, he Cassia Oct1690 10 at a. m. the revelation on that order arid read brought On the stand were Pres. Haight and it. Sifters Mary Alii Young and Mary Ann a fer local officers of the Society; of p. Pratt were witnesses. Joseph was sick at the brethren the Stake Presidenc)-- , bishop3 v .. this time. , When I was first introduced to the Prophet and pthers. The sisters assembled were disof the sisters he held ray hand and said, "God bless you." appointed in not seeing-somfrom Salt Lake as ..JThere.wa4ucli an nfluenco. with. his. words X City expected, Jut : who circuru3tauces-were-un-able wondered how anyonereoii Id tlotibt his being ti owing to come. However matters being exprophet. We would meet to worship . on the Sabbath-dain a large bowery, he sometimes plained the disappointment was overcome and addressed tho assembly for two or three hours, all enjoyed the meetings. During the morning session Vi es. Haight and the Saints were rapt in profound attention by her Counselors addressed the Conference, urgthe words of inspiration that fell from his lips, I felt tbatfI could listen to his teachings and ing the sisters to be prompt in attending their not get tired Oh, what a blessing to mankind conferences and, meetings and discharging to hear ue.prophW'voice. onTythink'xvhat "treryndTityjres a thick vail of darkness would cover the minds 'wards were representee!" as . .'iloing lavorably7" 6 of the people, when there was such & famine though some carelessness was manifested. Bro. D. P. Curtis spoke at some length giy of the- word of the Lord. For He says in Sacred writ, ."That He will do ing instances of a recent visit toseveral places nothing except He" rovealeth Himself to" His in Utah, and dwelling at some length on the servants the prophets."- - He laid the plan of spirit of the recent General Conference which . salvation on the rock of revelation; he brought he had attended. to light the'true Gospel of our. Savior Jesus At the afternoon session reports were given Christ, by His own word, iiQt a cbu fused mass of two other wards- .- Sisters Rosabel A. of creeds, opinions and ideas of. men, but one ' Brim and Amic Bird, Brothers Frank Brim faith and one Lord aild one1 baptism, which and M Pickett occupied most of the, time. mate the Latter-daSaints one" in mind,spirit are some of their topics: Society ... and action. The Savior says "Except yd are Following General Conference; many think if meeting at one, ye are not mine." By the oneness of the few a of their duties it is all they perform people we know they have the true Gospel. should nourish charity; not magnify In it there is no schisms, wherever the Saints right; of any one; not called to meet are located, they believe the same Gospel, they wrong spoken death for reljgion but to live it every day; aspractice its tenets and the. elders of the Church sociations of young girls who go from home to among all peopk set forth the same principles work; teachings at general conference; people as Christ and His Apostles did eighteen hund-jear- s n d lag spi ri t; an y man or of eompl am ing,fau woman buried in baptism, should walk forth in After my father and our family apostatized newness of life; man's degrading himself, often andwent,away I felt very sorrowful,one evenbelow, the beast that -- does not ing when going to betH - wa sr feeling cast down must watch in faith, that things which tranand my sister who had been dead a number of bo known to us; preaching will Dot spire may year Jpractice; the brethren said,-"bcomforted you are all rightyou have assist sisters in the performance the, I wished to inquire generally , a work to do for me." their duties. what she meant but she was gone. In two of Brother H.D. Haight made remarks condays after this tho Prophet preached on tha cerning spirit of hurry and work prevalent t baptism for the dead. among the people even to the neglect of To be continued.' spiritual duties. Items of business attended to and Conference adjourned until March next. R.iS. AND P. A. REPORTS. - tlnit-Jiol- ed Stake-conven- -- Coun-selor- s; ' . ' . . e y . , - - - y - . 1 t-fi g--- : abuse-nature- . jalt Lake City addressed the children at both meetings. . The Bishop of Farmiugton and sorr.e 'other brethren were present, and each spoke, a few "words of encouragement and advice. After meeting there was a general adjourn-- , raent to the Fair, which was held in the old Court House, and a very nice fair it was.' Such a display of fancy and useful articles. decorated the corners of Four nice the room, quilts out of number most of them sewn by hand, and two of them were particu-larly handsomerApictnra "frame made by Miss Luella King age twelve years was' very handsome and unique, being made of leather, cut into flowers and leaves and then varnished. On' one table were some little pieces of patchwork pinned together just as the liltle sewer had laid it down, and to , which is now attached a sad story. Edith Hogan a r little . -- rag-carpe- ts gff Lwa3Jvry"-"riyeaoH for the but she a took sick and died the night before tho fair opeued; and her mother sent the pieces of patohwork just as 'thing fair, her little daughter had left them. One department was devoted to the boys, who showed their ingenuity by making rakes, a cupboard, barrow, hammock, some nice fencing, and a lot of other things, one boy had grown an immense sunflower, and there were" also some nice rabbits and pigeons. Another room was set aparufpr fruit.pickles and vegetables, and a very nice showing was made. All the bottled fruits and preserves were donated to the Deseret Hospital. And I must not forget the little boy who had broken hi3 leg, and jvhile in bed made some splashers.and worked them very neatly with the etching stitch. Between meetings a very nice lunch was the , Court. prepared in one of the rooms visitors and workers spent a House, where the little time very pleasantly. May Andeiisox. ' ; SOLITUDE AND ITS ADVANTAGES; TiDite-'p'eopleithp- ut e - , - f-- 9- Louisa Pickett, Sec. I MAKICOPA A. Primary Con fer en ee of t b a; . Maricopa Stake was held at Mesa, Sent 2" 1S90, Pres Hannah Miller; presiding. As 11 the business could - III .. not be attended t hi the rooming's session cplferenc3;"wascuntoue:Liu the afternoon openiug and closing hymn3 were sung by the Mesa Primarv. The oral reports given by the presidents-M- rs. H. Burton of Mesa. 'Mrs. M. A. Steele of Lehi,:Mrs. Vilate L. Baron of Nephi-to- T : - : get&er.wita primaries of the different wards: to bo in a thriving condition. :r 2.j:Zih.':I... Several of tho brethren as" well a3 the - ladies present addressed couragtng all concerned and giving excellent advice coheermiig the duties of Primary officers and members, intersnersed with th -speaking lengthy- programme j tuc icuucicu ujr uuuuicu, CUnilillOg Oi SQllgS, recitations, essays, dialogues, organ solos, etc; thejirowning feature however, was the Stake paper ''The Primary Gem" containing nothing but pieces written by thachildreiiand read by the little editress, Annie Protlieo. Conference was well attended and thoroughly enjoyed by all present. "I n a -P- fTrr r:riOTSeoy ? -- . ;::thtf-Cotife3:e'n"cr'e"- - . was-uiie- . .. : -a n: "The law of compensation governs earth." Even one's disadvantages may result in her favor No condition of life has , been inore lamented than lon licess and yet loneliness has advantages which cannot be gainsayed. Chiefest among these the opportunity which it gives for the accumulation of force. AH work de-- , pend3 upon the expenditure of energy and that energy in .some occult way grows from processes of life. It accumulates or is dissipated according to the peculiarities of our surroundings and our habits of occupation. The dct mands of family life require a constant true of tho demand of business. To recuperato tho victim of nervous exhaustion, we, confine him? to a darkened, quiet room. We prohibit conversation, letters ot "even books. In this semi- dormant condition the nerve ctllsii rather im and accumulate nonrishment, endurance. 1 1 rests one to be for a little alone- - An invalid of our acauaintanC3 went from a noiav rit.tr street to a country place and for a week slept bbthday and night awaking only for - meals. The recuperative value of such sleep is enor mous. , But our title referred to condition of hpnlfh. Enforced sol i tu de- has Droduced2 man vrrif r 1 greatest works. I say enforced solitude be- - -cause we are social creatures and normally we do not elect tobs hm.MQm&Mmoblijed the Zwifdernes- s- from which he emerged as the mot remarkable leader and " other timer Evn Uwgiver of that or-a- nv Christ was driven by the spirit into the, wilder ness.. John iiunyan was xncwctmled and the c -- . PRIMARY CONFERENCE AND FAIR. V The Primary Ajsspciatiops of Davis Stake, metin Fsrmingto&j r&aittrday? epr27th 1 890, to hold their conference. Sister Louie B. Felt General President, Sister Ellen Ciawson Prcs-o- t Salt Lake Stake and Miss semi-annua- l May Anderson; were present by invitation. There were two meetings held, 10 a. m. and JLSjlIJb were counted girls. . the-morni- thachildren presentr ng and there were 166 boys and 194 - In this stake there, are thirteen organized fully all associations,; zingogdMkijig. order. There is great credit due to Sister Rogers and her counselors for the excellent manner in jjiich they conduct thesineietings. j 7IuTone or two tilings especially that are' worthy of imitation. In opening with prayer, one oftheisters lead,aud the whole congrega--tio- n repeat in concert And in calling the roll, each ward stands up, and the Pressor representative states how, manYi,are. pregeat iromf their association, and then all repeat in concert a sentiment. ' . Tiiere wasa nice programrneTvercrellttahly "VcTilTc i 4TCy-ter Wii esrTr o m e - ch iKl ret : : Ii , . TH -- -- - eeZInto - . - ; PJkdm'xJ?! lives have no hhtory The heart thrown 