fi? n f Tk v nn JL. ' La U Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of ?all Xations. j.-- SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY .15; 1800. Vol. 18. CONTENTS. AngtoSaxon XI te'fature. A . Y. C. LH e pKHbah" -- A Story. " Treatment of Children. S. F. At wood. Extracts. from a Letter.- - J. M. Sjodahl. Correspondence. E. A.. Crane Watson. Notes and News. Salt Lake Stake RrS. E. Howard Lehi VV. S. A. Sarah T. Evans. In Memoriam Emily McKee. Obituaries. . A Sad Death. Editorial: Notes. - A Golden Wedding.- H. H. S' Woman's Privileges. S. W. Richards, Utah W. S. A. Cornelia H. Clayton'. Constitu W. S. A. tion National-America- n Poetry: A Hundred Yeirs ygo. "Number Nine. E. T. "Old Folks Picnic and Ball. Tf they meet the Gone Before. - And, if they t lk of the struggle and strife, That is sure to be part of ati earthiy life, And trials that must be borne. contain tome of .the writings of thesa poets. Of the war (louiaa. of ASliiteratureLthe battle" " tongs ol"Finij(.sburgr Maldon, and Brununburli are the oi ly ones ol eousequence. Soon deeper thought became apparent among And I wonder if when behind the scene, lor prose began to make its the Anglo If they know what will be, and what has been, And al! the mystery of life. appearance. . The first work ot prose was by If so theknow ere they enter the gloom Bocde(a Roman Catholic monk of Nbrthuni-hria- ) AH the which entitled him .to the name of the joy jhere'jl be in a future home, " When they've endeTtheearthryTrTfe7 Father ot A; S. prost His works were almost entirely in Latin. Had it- - no; r been for his T As I lovingly clasp my babe so pure, translation of the Gospel of St. John, which And think of what she must endure, was his closing work, and his only work, in My heart is filled with misgiving. Engli.Oi, he never could have had a place in And I hardly know for which I should weep, A. S. Literature. Bcede was ji person of very The innocent babe in my arms asleep, extensive kuowle 'ge. He was versed in science, Or those that are not with the living. philosophy, literature, and art, all of which were displayed In his writings. The real A peace comes with the thoughts-o- f the dead, father of A. S. prose though was yElfrtd the To the life beyond with hope we're led, Great. In Northumbria and the adjoining And it is joy now understood To know that forever they all are mine, region A. S. Literature almost died down by Both the living and dead that make the nine, the invasion of the Danes. (Elfred revived it in Wessex. He was a practical, methodical man i "If Tm true tu my mother-hoodwho was deeply interested in his pepple- - and E7T7 who was anxious concerning their welfare. He tried in every manner to better their condiANGLO-SAXO- N, tion and understanding. He wa3 not an LITERATURE. original writer but he made numerous translaThe Anglo-Saxo- n was the first of eight tions from the Latin tmgue, .adding copious periods of English Literature. The Celts, who notes of his own. Among others of his works first inhabitated Britain, were driven out by was a translation of Orpheus into English. He the Angles, Saxons, and Jutes, in 607 A. D. wrote on morals, religion and philosophy. For about two hundred years they were in an During the rirgn of Edgar (As the Great's unsettled and quarrelsome state, being divided son) iEthelwald came into notice "as a writer. ' u in "He 'translated ironi'K p to 'differeVrkin united the nine A. S. kingdoms and calkd tongue. His .pupil jEllric was well known for himself king of .the English. These people bei'Tg the first translator of the Bible, as he had a great UvjfatdvtiiiuTe&vf-imtuw- ? which may be easily clisccvered by leading and Job. ;;.lZZ:.:::i: :::z.:..zi:::':.z::.::z:::: A principal prose, work of ancient Briain their poetry. Poetry was their first form of literaturer Their poems were -- exclusively of was the A. S-- Chronicle . It begaiT in the reign of iEifred the Great (in about the ninth religion and the sea. Their poems -- werewilo and improbable containing accounts of dragons, century) and was kept by monks from that monsters, etc. This was natural. The country time until 1154. This book i3 very dry and they inhabited was wild and rugged in its uninteresting- Its only value lies' in the fact thatjt wasa part of A. S. Literature. scenery. It 13 1 i kely that their imaginations terature was almost crusled would people the uncultivated haunts with out by the victorious entrance into Britain of mythical brings. The first work which appeared in Britain was the Normans, and no more writings were produced until the beginning of the next period, Beowulf, a poem of adventure and excitement. It was not an A. S. work as it was written on when the Anglo Saxons and the Norman3 the continent before the Anglo Saxons entered combined in their efforts. a. Britain, but it was translated into A. S, by a gentleman of Northumbrian The first real A. S. writing, which places the; author as HEPHZIBAIL . A HUNDRED YEARS AGO. Where are the birds that sang-- ' A hundred years ago? The flowers that all in beauty sprang A hundred years ago? . ." The eyes that wild : la fl ashes shone ' Soft eyes upon Where, Oh, where are lips and eyes, The maiden's smile, the lover's sighs That were so long ago? , Who peopled all the city's streets A hundred years ago? Who filled the Church with faces meek A hundred years ago? The sneering tale Of sister frail, The plot that worked An other's - hurt-;T-'- 7Where, Oh, where are plots and sneers, The poor man's hopes, the rich man's fears, That were so long ago?-- t -f -- Where are the graves where dead men slept" A hundred yesrs ago? . Who whilst living, A -- oft-tim- wept, es hundred years ago? By -- other-men - V x to-da- NUMBER -- I've passed again the ordeal of pain, Been close to the shore of "The River" again, But this innocent babe of mine, Makes it seem but as a troubled dream, And life again takes a luminous gleam, Although it is number nine. " . Father of English Literature, is CadmoiFa Paraphrase of the Bible. It was written in C70 A. I) , beginning the A. S. period of literature. Ccedraon, durning his old - age, through in- spiration (so the story of the poem's origin says) translated thew'hole of the' Bible into verse. This book partly formed the -- founda-tionfoiMilt- on or there i between a striking similarity many passages of is this the case in authors. the two Especially - ," ; the soliloquy of Satan. The A. S. poetry and language were very different from those of modern English. l1iere was no metre or rhyme, but a sort effect was produced by commencing the the firt two words of the first and the first main word of the second line with the same . letter. -- --'. : And I wondered if as they journey to earth, Ere they join the body for earthly birth ; : -- V 'Paradise-Lost- As I gaze And I wonder if spirits in spirit-lan- d J'pv Ere they come to us an earthly band Can choose where they will to come. ' If so it seems that this babe of mine Would surely not have been number nine, - But have chosen a better home. . t. a NINE. in the depths of its innocent eyes Gazing around in such mute surprise Wondering what life can be; I - too am filled with wonderin'g""'""""";""Why it is that fate should bring, Another wee babe to me? . Tu067'Li They knew not then, Their lands are. tilled, Their homes are filled Yet nature then was just as gay, And bright the sun shone as A hundred years ago. " , No. 16. oL-metri-c- alj The lines all went in pairs. . of legs importance followed Cced mon's work. A number of sacred poems and I hymns were written by Aldhelm and A few poems Cynewulf. The Vercelli and Exeter books XIII. IIow buoyantare the hopes, that youth inspires I Yea, rich in faith, this land of 'fairy dreams. Wherein one cherishes, such fond desires, That all the future bright mth promise seems. Hepsie Hathaway went back to school with out being especially impressed with anything she had heard from the Elders; in fact the girl was tao much : absorbed in her studies, and her thirst for book knowledge to realize the importance of the Gospel. While at home she had been in a sort of bewilderment, it was all so strange and sudden; astonished to find her motherio"changed,aDd herformer school-matLucy Reynolds, a convert to the new "faith; and surprised when she learned from the girl's owrt ipsjthat h er engagemen t was broken off; she was scarcely able to grasp the situation, and reallythings. had. not been clearly pree J sented to her. 