WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. Written for Woman's Chronicle. "WOMAN'S SPHERE." OF TKEG&SLINGS. Descendants." Where is "Woman's Sphere?" Easy question to ask, But to answer, ah, mel what a gigantic task. To form argument sharp pointed, and of such weight, wjv through Ihe masculine Date.x LT "vkrrnnrHi!f .. tt--- Will be work for "descendants ' little and great And should one succeed in finding its 'way, . : and-goo- d Was because of rjpt asking those who could tell. To gain a true answer, we m reason suppose. The question must be asked of the person who knows; And from Adam's time down it has been understood, t f Man sees out siowiy wnai is ior ins uesi guou. , which he from flee, scents He may danger afar, Whilst a blessing be near he's unable to see. k So slam went the doors to shut woman out, inside Turn of "She will rob professions things dignity. i f .... A t a., Darreaxne iroat enirancc; t..m very auuu uuuu, Her wit and her feet could find a way round. " Poor man! Could he see an inch from his face. Would see, elevation of woman means elevation of race, -And help with a will, through tangle and brier; Helping her, he would naturally raise himself higher, For he being made of much stronger clay. wouiu go in auvance iq ciear uis ruijuisu away. But hesitating he stands, in scorn or in wrath, Leaving disfranchised woman to "break her own path." She has proven her ability to grasp higher knowledge. Thus proving her sphere extends to the college. O'er and o'er they repeat: "Home is her sphere." wen, my aear man, nave you no interest nerer Do you forget your own mother?. Your wile's' winning m :so tnev - .41 i. - 7-- ' ? .... charms? . -j-The kiss of your babies? jrheirsoft.cUnging anas?- ever Tso. You love tnem. In nealth tney are your care; ' ' In hours of sickness, long night vigils you share. Thus it was, is, and will be, from first morn to last sun, For "homej5phere"jvas never intended for one. You say, "we are so dull " you ever must tell, You have work to do in thebi "sghjresjwej Unravel knotty problsra, nnng nidden meanings Jto light, And, to improve every talent is your God given right. ' He who gave to man talent, bids him improve, So he must not stand still, but move, onward move. When you talk of "God given right," no one demurs, :r: But, let's ask, how came woman by hers? If it be for man only, the task to unbar, , Dath the leadinar most ur distant to star. The And all. .the. deep mysteries of scieneenrcH Why was given to woman, sight, sense and soul, That looking out toward worlds revolving in space, ""Seeing meteor follow meteor in swift silent chase, A fUme lit her soul, piercing down through her eyes, And raising her hands reached out toward the skies, i With desire for knowledge to read them aright, -- r . a : Who cooks They get for Vanderbilt?- - aiuheco And who are the bakers? Mnt I.fsfwfhaf T wv -- . - . Lonely our home of all comfort bereft, In the name of great goodness, what have.we left? 1 All glory, all honors, all blessings of life 77 Have walked off to congress, or the polls, with our' wie." Now, who talks like a lunatic? You howl like a loon. VVlITeachm le " P.nyit; exclude her from it, if you can! r 1 Elizabeth B. Smith. ' TO XT iiOgan, " 1CQn xutv. MISCELLANEOUST moon? In your "right royal'? sphere what b the trend? tend? Toward the "up lands" of life, does each foot-pat- h No. That "up lands" are man's right, lot ''men only' is a ;,,;; ' myth; , All surely will "get there," who have the "wherewith." And women havingi wherewith," for the "up lands" are bent. .r?claim,'' can't she there pitch a tent? oilier Z?Pr6vihg Some wiil strive for the summit of wisdom's high hill, Some will cling to the valleys and ''vacancies" fill.' Many march to the "heights," should woman's cause be the winner, But enough will be left to look after the dinner These themes have been worn out, again and again, But, they are the "closet skeletons" and ever have been; So it may be "policy," now andHhen through the battle, To open the door and set their dry bones But we'll now close the door; I have finished my task, AndIeaviDg-aI- i lightcessnd jestingTT seriously ask, Where is "Woman's Sphere?" And solemnly declare, -There $ no limit." Her spher ii every where! iD?rywhere2YesriromBeeT You well understand, - , : ... . t lu-nat-i- c. v Whether above mjhe heavensr b Whence the fountain and source? Was it the same God? "There are depths we can't fathom,'' you say, but don't mean, Why, bless you, you're not half so bad as yoa seem. You know, Maria Mitchell's hand loosened some barsr And confess, she intelligently looked at the stars. When woman prove worthy of entrance here, Does it not prove that science belongs to her sphere? You say "it is hers to wash, cook and bake." Well, sirs, with this "sphere" you great liberties take. If we are not to meddle with what you call your own. . . . . .. . ii n uui cii.iiae uj campie ana lei "our iraps aioner uct f " - , in-fitr- say? Would this be their verdict, when pet theories fall: . VVell, she was the biggest goose of them all." . "So mote it be." It matters not what they say. It only one unjusr, erroucuus iuca ? um nwaj, - I nus aiamg me vision ui au it ate ncxt, -- Woman- knws wheirshes 'reachea lier Hftiit" orsphere." '. ; Through some "long standing" prejudice, what would they - Supgeatedon reaJiDg " Woman's Thoughts and Woman's Work'Tn 0i?1xPONENT Oct. 15 th 1889. Surely women have and are doing much for thft advancement of the crreat work' of the last .Taking great "chunks'' of our sphere, and keep yours to days: women will certainly havo Ukjcredit yourself? 1. awarded them of taking tho lead in many You say, ''This talk of encroachment is'all so absurd, lmDortant thinsain tbeae days a3 weu as in Tis youFfigbt. And woman's lucky if she keeps a third." J' But, let the 'descendants,' if they will, jfjq to coUegerzm former.: days. - A woman - first BUggestcd tho idea"of7a benevolenrs and physic reach the: limit of knowl Andofjaw, seience ' in the' organization of a Kelief Society bless '. edge. her noble memory, then the saintly Eliza R. Grant her this, "But legislation, men never will hand her, Bnow traveled thousands of miles to get That belongs solely to the sphere of the 'gander.' branche3 established, sparing no time to She's too fractious, too impulsive for cool legislation, Would upset political 'stewpots' for the entire nation. the sisters how to et thera in order and under the guidance of the Prophets Joseph and Monopolies could not stand her blustering winters, work. Her legislation reducing the whole thing'to splinters, Brighamhave done a great Not by strength, but mismanagement, for she'i weak you Paul said the woman is theweakejr vessel,. will take will own ,7...,..--.. 'which""we"admlt,but '"Ararpuling infant,' and never will stand all alone.'' the weak things to confound tho wise monarchs HoldrYoure all out of breath; now please let mil speak. and potentates of the age. .Thus we might go We are in our infancy; know we are weak; on enumerating the deeds of noble women. But wouldn't it amuse you, when your young boy. But what are. the women of Utah doin to First seeing the "little sister,,' thinks her only a toy? some wandering in exile,, others, bless day small her bed, very Looking critically at her, in their noble memory, traveling .through cold her head.' hold !!She remarks: caa'l up Contemptuously and slorm wearing themselves out in old ago Seeing limbs, limp as rags, more amusing his talk, to teach and instruct those of less experience, Ending with the verdict: "That thing never can walk.'' words of peace and concomforting speaking wonders Is aught taken from his dignity as time's repeat, solation to the Eick and afflicted, causing many feet? two her us and She can hold up her head to rise from sick beds and go cn their way No. And forgetting hi3 prophecy like a brave little; man. good things rejoicing These and many other Proud of seeing his sister walk as far as she can. woman's work, of some we might mention are a crank, pratesoLher'rights'-like"JVousay,iWpman not to mention the training of the noble spirits fanatic, who sometimes an nf v mi t ted to her caro VV rnm And on the question of temperance talks like a tcftvwrd nnd rer.kless take so much 01 i;Ta of beam in a a want of mote, tact, making Revealing her attentiori,but sill a mother will struggle And 'bottle pockets' she wont have inside her coat. with odds to gain the goal and save the dear, That settles the question. Of this make a note. her dear ones. The subject of woman's work Women never, no never, no never can volel is endless it is eternal, it emanated from the , For this is plain showing to 'ganders of all classes, God was much of it no doubt planned She can't comprehend the wants and needs of themasses-Ye- s, throne of for them tbere,the work of the beloved mother of cranks and fanatics, we have our full share, of our Savior was planned there,also' that of They come in all "shades, styles and size;" bob up here auu many other llustriut vomennoble mm of andjheje. womep other ages. The spirits of the In most spheres of life. Yet as we compare do the and this age wer reserved to come Them with another specimen, the species seems rare, . work they are. now so well performing. .Then Met with, occasionally, but fools t everywhere. all should be up and awake to every duty With 4lstiffrage,''-voma- g inay manage as" before; ::L j: devolving upon them not letting one oppordo good. The Plod through the slush, 'til she reach the back door. tunity pass where they can star is dawnFailing here; can you keep her in uncertaintwilight? night is far spent already the day the Bridegroom ' No. She'll go up in a balloon, and come down through ing: the cry i'go forth to meet the skylight, '....:.;-will soon be heard, then with the oil of good And once gaining entrance, will prove, even her works in our vessels and our lamps trimmed The right of a small bit, to patch up her sphere. and burning, oh how happy how joyful can Over all discomforts, fain would you weep, we meet the dear ones gone before who have Shouting, " Who'll wash the dishes. dust up and sweep? , Ions: waited our absence. ; Low. So in this "limited' sphere, that to woman you deal JYour encroachments amount, sirs, almost to a steal. Does it seem selfish? Or, lilfe holding ill gotten pelf, Mother Goose's Respectfully inscribed to "One of Written for the benefit of " Father Gander's ' REFLECTIONS. Men, daubing'their pastry all over the land. How is it with the washing? You very well know, You have dabbled in eur suds, evenFoo, Lee, Shang, -- ..BY 3 The lieartgeearyf-bu- neverets t old-UndeE- sek ' , .,-. ' , a ie never makes ci y Kit5.7T.-i- . y.f..- -f - friends who never made 7 , ; Very near togetner are nearia mat avc ' Confucius- guile. It 13 - ; - "., much easier to meet with error than to find truth. : Goethe. -- is lost in th'13 world coura-- c wyuey A creat deal of talent for the want ota niue of Doing nothing for others is the undoing and one's self. .We must be purposely kind tho be3t nart of existence. --The heart that goes out of itself gets large ana lull 01 joy. xuia is 6.v.r the most ourselves do We life. the inner -- sneth pbydbinf llann. ' X,:; C' 