V WOU A N 'S EX PON EN T. Ok .UTAH' W, St A. . and wc all desire that she may. live', lodg and still continue in her labors.- We had a visit front the stake presidency juii" the 8th of. Nov., they gave good counsel and wc arc striving to treasure ft up, and live better lives in the future than-w- e naveun the past. Maui a Mc'Rae. A meeting of the VomanSufl7age Association was held In the 14th Ward Meeting House Satur day; Nov. 22, 1890 for the purpose of organizing Suffrage. Association of. Salt Lake County. The President Mrs. Sarah" M. Kimbal in the chair. Mrs. B. W, Smith, who was to act as chaplain, opened the meeting with prayer. Mrs. Margaret Mitchell made a lew remarks, said that she had always fdt that wo men ought to be free and equal (Vith men; that as members of this Territory we ought to look around us and do whatever we couldt to help " ap-point- - ConcluQed. ... Vice-president; Vice-presiden- t; J I.!, i -- i ugu i -i vr-- n u err t ra -j u 1. neri lta uce-soit to strangers. Tbo3e who remain of that numerous family-wh- o gathered aroudd the same hearthstone nn that festive occasion are scattered far and wide. Some who were babes then are sleeping in unknown graves, havincr perished on the battle field, others lie where stately monuments marM iiuuuiujj-- H . unless it be the eldest son. 1 1 would ha im- possible to tell you the whole story in one evening, oat; the old home long ago went to ruin tho the trrcat uslv well sween ia still there and, the pure water as it was then ha3 never rauea, anu the weary traveler halts on take a drin lt3way-t- Q and the neighbor come hither to get water when their wells fail. The hemlock "Wove is nnt yet all cut away and the pines still sigh and moan aa 1 :sniver,-an- a the evergreens twine themselves under and around the, trw nnd shrubs.and the beautiful birds(or their posterity) still sing the sweet songs that thrilled the hearts of thoe happy children in the davs . gone by. ' x '1 By-la- - TrTH" The Corresponding secretaries of the National Council and the National American Woman Suffrage Association request that the dates of meeting be stated as follows: Natioual Council February 22nd 25th. N. A. W. S. A. February 26th March 1st. The meetings of both organisations will be held in Albaugh's opera house, Washington, D. C. r AUTOBIOGRAPHY. ; - of ... JELIZABETII E. PKA.TT. The mcidents of my life while in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaint?, y 00 years of my life I have been a member: I have been in peril by sea and by land and among false brethren, who denied the ITEMS FROM ARIZONA. truth Editor Woman's Exponent: wriJf them U weddingan pleased to see them home and wish them "manv happy returns of the day." Sister East stayed about .afortnight .andspent :.i very eDjopble time visitisg with the sisters and giving advice needed. We all feel better in spirits sine- - h duu uupc sr.e wui soon come agaihTThTdo all in her power to do good and help the needy, fbl-lowi- ng w-er-e ld i- their resting place and tell of their heroic deeds. But though manv: have died out of me numoer wno spent Ohnstraas at'the old home yet nevertheless the tribe has increased and strange to state the fragile little maiden Deborah who was the prime cause of the ev- citernent has the largest posterity of them all t; -- 1 i- , Mrs. Helena F. Wells Mrs. Rachel Miller, from this far off place would rM be amiss, ! will endeavor to write you, knowing that most every one has a peculiar dread of the name of "Arizona" I should like to' enlighten the readers of this valuable paper a. little concerning this"isolated ccuntty---buLwijustsay thatjwe have somegood saints in our settlement, I think as true as any in Zion. We had a visit from Sister. Willmirth East the president of the Relief Society of the St. Joseph Stake.:-- : She came heretin Oct:r with Patriarch P, C. Merrill and wife who had been on the Gila to attend quarterly conference; they arrived home on the, fiftieth anniversary of their . itli 1 Mrs. Caroline C, Raleigh, Secretary,' Miss Emma Finch, Cor. Sec' v.; "Miss Nellie Morris.Ass't. Sec'y.; Dr. Elvira S. Carney Treasure; Mrs.. Elizabeth McFarlane, Chairman of the Executive Hoard, and Miss May M, Wells, Mrs. Elizabeth Price, Mrs. Clara Field, Mrs. Nettie Culmer, Mrs. Delia Eardley, and Dr. Maggie C. Shipp, members of the Executive Board. ." of the W. S. A. of Utah and the The Constitution of N, W. S. A., were then read by the Secretary. Mrs. Richards explained some of the different points in them but felt that there was no time to make any further remarks.The meeting was then adjourned sine dTe. Ada Croxall Sec. ; , ...;.'.;, Vice-presiden- . : ; 4isp 4ed .iomc-wa- 3 were willing to work in the cause. dominations for the officers of the Association for Salt Lake County beingnext in order, the following persons were unanimously chosen and sustained to fill the different offices: Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, President; Mrs. Louisa Spencer, First Second Third . : and there fore we want to be a power in that government and want to. exercise our ability in judging for v ourselves .how we should be governed. Mrs. S. M. Kimball spoke on the subject of or haUh eyJjadJojJ i es ucljLjnA itself and the very best selections of those who - several 1 y that they had metHa the upon theirn m, felt r , 01a xiome ior-th- e last time. The irrepresuble lover was persistent and fascinating enough to ingratiate himself into favor with, tho.: mother and big brother and finally to carry Deborah away captive (not on the wings of the wind) but alter the manner ot men as uis onue. iot ion? attEr the old humanity; that we.baveto gaalxing.lheW.JU:.aL , for- - should be years belicvjog ttit directed aifgh'tr ' I u tlri'iftr 18 ID "n friend handed jao a Pamphlet published, by the Latter-daSaints which told of a Prophet up and of angels appearing that 4he true gospel was restored in it3 fulne with all its gifts and blessings. I inve3tigated: those principles and became convinced of the truth so I found the "Pearl of Great Price." "A number of tho Twelve Apostles were on a mission toJEuglandjit the time and many received ' the truth through their . teaching. " r : Oa tho 4th of September llO Apostle Brigham Young, afterwards President, led roe down into the waters of baptism; on the Saturday I was confirmed. These ordinances performed by. men called hy divine authority, to preach and administer in "the kingdom, set up in these last dava.no more m iimo ed ONE CHRISTMAS EVE. to. pray and waited .1 continued ptcr- - Tlie Appstle Heber C. Kimball pronounced great blessings upon my head. Said "I should bea-grea- t dreamer and warned of dangers and comforted in afiliction." I received a powerful testimony ot the truth which was a great blessing to me in the opposition I had to meet with from my relatives and past- friends;. "Old associates turned' their backs, on me, but I rejoiced continually because. I had received the Gospel of our Savior and hnd seen: the "gifts .made manifest that were to follow the believer and confirm the word &oon'after I joined the Church I was invited to whero Apostle Kimball was to give a father's blessing, he turned to me and asked if I did not want a blessing, I was overjoyed to receive one from a3 J had so often thought, Oh, that I could have li ved in the days of the ancient Apostles and now indeed J am in the presence of one, - . au-Apostl- e, laid his hands upon my head afteithe order of the ancients, and gave me a father's blessing ho said I should receive the gift of tongues a um tuiiu uignt, ana oy my laitntuiness father's family should all come into the He" j GburchroneyafterT Church in three months ray father being the last to receive it. He disposed of his and we took our leave of, ear native property laud' on the 21st of September 1841. , We , sailed on the ship "Tyrean," Captain Jackson went by the way of New Orleans with two hundred and seven passengers bound for ftauvoo. As wound slowly out ' into the river weang "Lovely native land farewell," Joseph Fielding was the presiding Elder on I was very sick for five weeks and was nigh unto death, but was healed by the administering of the Elders, and the prayer cf laith. We were seven weeks on the sea, and board. all tlie Lord has delivered me, I TherelTbecamecuhtetl can truthfully say there has keen no principle .Joseph Smith, a great and good man, and to advanced by the leaders of this Church that I sit under his have ever doubted for one moment. teachings, I telt "That the lines naa to AV hen I was sick me m pleaslint ianen and afflicted! have -- been places' father weeks in the the nine cnly .3Iy stayed raided up by prayer oraith many time. &Wr&JdteK worcame,toiauvoorheapostaMpareiits wererfciigrous tized and moved away to Warsaw with the esleyau MethodUt Church, and thev family intending to return to England;MThey to bring up their children in iWfrar to persuade me to follow tried Of the Lord, I was trained in tham and gave habits religious :rae, ono week to and attended their Sabbath school in change my mind; but'! stayed which I on the Zion which has took great pleasure, I was ship brought me safely connected with this thus lar on school 18 years in my I returned journey. to Nauvoo my childhood as a puj U an 1 worked, around from place to place; and - ow thtm45rmv board, rsea:,.thLsic.agall Ior were too poor to riav.'wa When ouite vnnnr T -- ::..! v Tim Ra!ntt lived in the days ot ticki.es ako Ijadot posues ana as I pondered over lhee thin T Ihis.they. rejoiced X : ! UJ,t.IQrug'' -- - en-deavo- - re -- -- . -- P?ty.2d F fi vu - y Parents taere. rrft icser viere Ihe Prophet would go from prevaieiii houae'to tnern r,In thf? iimanrTM.' ru-..- -wait:. Manv of fhp cJaT- - Kojx,: ;n. . 