EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 34 Adams how dare you talk to me like that, am I not already. married, and have I not suffered, of the world." enough for a lifetime?" "0, as to that," re Shortly after the conversation between Mrs. plied the incorrigible Lucy, "you were never - L and Lucy, I lepaie "said "tdteHKeriFa-sor- t bu ucsptraieiy iu love wnu ixaruiu luaiu uc of casual way, "the leaders of the Church to hinder you fronynarrying again, and in.all and their families are preparing to )eave probability he's dead anyway, I daw his brother Nauvoo and go forth into the wilderness to the other day, and he declares Harold is dead, seek a place of refuse from their oppresses, as or he would have come back before now, for mo x iigiiu.13 uiu, vuiy msieau vi iussiu wo he wrote him a letter and said, he would come back for you within a year, if he lived, and the. sea, they will go over the, great American d esert'r Mrs7H . Took ed up fro mb er; sewing year, is Jong past now." Even Mrs. Hathaway, in surprise exclaiming, "and do you think of felt' this was too much upon such a painful undertaking this journey?" "Why, mother subject, and addressing Mrs. Adams, said "you be von d all en- would it be such a dreadful thinif to"do?lhero are simply torturincr Hensie 4 are many young women going, and there is durance, she has no thought of marriage I am nothing to hinder tny trying a, new experience, positive." there will be plenty of toil and hardship conWhat Mrs. Adams had said about Harold's nected with it no doubt, but to travel through death had its effect upon Hepsie, she could an unknown country, will be interesting in the not dismiss the subject Irons her. mind by night extreme!" "And do you take into consideration or by day: andshe resolved to ascertain if through sacrifice, that she seem3 to think so far in advance of all the learning and wisdom . -- v . - C7 - w iuai jruu mil uu lcavjiJ juui,uiuiuci you f o wn kin d fe'uTAna "Mr sTTIalba way "aTr most broke down as she said it. Hepsie had scarcely seen her mother weep in her lifetime and it too much for her, she had not thought she would take it so to heart, and it was a few minutes before she could reply, and when she did, it was with a great effort she maintained her composure, but she felt she must speak out, and choking down her sob3 and Iookincr ud at her mother's sorrowful face, she said "Something tells me I must go mother," and before she could-finisthe sentence her mother interrupted her saving, "and some- fJ thing tells me if you gojve ehall never meet again, iiy this time mother and daughter was-alm- ost -- h W Kntn in toaro it tiro a inrloo1 a i rvinnr anorxo Hepsie felt a3 she bad expressed herself that WPr " she was impelled to go by some irresistible force, and she hoped to make "a satisfactory explanation to her mother, though it almost broke her heart to be senaratcd from her her feelings and her greatTbve for her mother made it very hard for her to decide,aud yet the whisperings ofJhjQR'jy urging her lorward. . Lucy (Mrs. Adams) coming in put a stop to the conversation for a fewrainutesbut.eia long Lucy said Mliep3ie is it true that you are ing away to Upper California beyondthe eYery-outrag- ne fair-dealin-g.-- 1 . 1 " - thekthumb-scre- T That on these poor girls. w has got to be done away with. Peoples "eyes are being opened. God grant that the doctrine of Christ, which is "fair dealings to others as every workingman and woman in America. And yet the Nation is full of real Christian men and women who "deal justly, love mercy God.' -- rThey heed the and jvalk humbly-wit-h voice of Christ in its tender cadences saying: "And all ye are brethren!" God grant their number may be multiplied! Even men of the world admit that London's four hundred city umssiunarit's uieau moic iur peace auu (juiei, than four thousand police would mean. Even infiftals nrlmif. that MnAWa fiaainn in Poria prevents barricades and riots by teaching the and to get away from all those who would be likely to.mention Harold's. name to her. Meantime she made the matter a subject of constant prayer in her heart, as she performed her daily duties, and she struggled with her feelings to know how to bear the separation from her mother, which she knew was inevitable if she concluded to accept the offer she had to go with the first company, who. were to leave the beautiful city of Nauvoo in midwinter. She t?-- u 11 never thought of the hardships to be encount,l. ered, the journey had no fears" for. 'her; to be brotherhood of which he dreams. For the with those who had the word of the Lord, book of peace and goodwill says: "This i3 the with prophets aud Apostles.to be always gaining fast that I have chosen, that ye break every a knowledge of those things that pertain to yoke." . eternal life, and the advancement of the LatterLet me givq you my 'shorter catechism,! of -day work was her object. She tried by political economy from Ruskin: "There is no persuasion and entreaty to reconcile her mother, wealth but-lif" Life, includihrr all itsnnwp.rs believing in her heart and assuring her, that of love, of joy and admiration. That Country she would by going forward herself, be able to is the richest which nourishes the greatest advance her interests and help her more than- - number of noble aud happy humaneings; " if she stayeajbebind. "I ana no lonejLaxhild,'! thatmarr K'tbr'f ichest'lvEo, having perfected -sfrirardT'BuT able to think and act for myself the functions of his own life to the utmnsf.. has relying upon my Heavenly Father for guidalso the wisest helpful influence, both personal ance and protection. l vi ciUAs-)- ku n P v auu-xi is utissess 10 us. over in e lives of others. A strange political economy founded on D. --THE being the fulfillment of that which once brought schism into the policy of angels and ruin into the economy of (MISS FKANCE3 E. WILLARD ) to know what had made Lucy inquire, said ex- vwuiy, if xi o says nepsie is going awayr "u, Brother Kimball says so, and I've heard others say it too.i thought 'twas all settled,! only wish I was going, but we can't go yet, but we'll be sure to follow after." Then you approve of this move and expect that all the Saints will go'asjsoon as they canl. Mrs. Hathaway said, anxious te know what her opinion was. I'Most certainly, why Brother Kimball says its the grandest move the Church ha3eve.r uittw,, mu mcj u uc ixcu to wur&uip vjOu according to the dictates of their own consciences, with none to molest or make afraid." "I am very glad to hear Brother's. Kimball's vlewsTknow they must.be correct, though that doe3 not reconcile me to parting with Hepsie, and l am not prepared to go now in such haste." "It is not expected JhatiwidowsjrilLg0wiifi-"younchildren this winter," said Mrs. Adams, who seemed as anxious to tell all she knew about the matter as Hepsie was to keep silence on the subject, "but the Church will- - send for the widows and children, the aged, and those who cannot go now, as soon as they get located." There is nothing so grand a3 work: It Work is not great because many people have heard that we do it- - Work is great because it is done in a royal spirit. Work is getting to be aristocratic; and not to work, dishonorable. It is not uncharitable to say that a person who does nothinsris a drone in thp. 1 V, uuu Iri3"thesTv UUC5 g o - -- lli YourbarTi Iswafted to the strand by breath Divine, And on the helm there rests a band other than thine. Other than yours that steadfast, loving hand of Him whose hand .was pierced for you -- and for me, who shall one "day hold the scepters of the world, who cared not for Himself, but - -- no 11" in the Lord's Prayer, it is all 'We;" it i3 all the Brotherhood of Man and the Fatherhood of God. -- iuc uruiu auu me sweat ot the brow that makes us Somebody with a capital S, instead of Nobody with.a. capital N. Then let ns be glad that we are workers with God who never ceases m His benefactions. We live in a jvorld where every insect and bird and creature is always doing something, because to do some-: thing is to be happy; and so when The time comes thai the true aristocrat shall make the " world something like a home,and not like a desertr when they coHe to their altogether: kingdom-wtthey have ithe. opportunity for the cSlture of their minds a? well as the development of beir hands, which they to have; when ought because if there are no "ReallyjUepsie in grades society except grades of you are I'm sure you are expecting to be moral excellence, of industry, grades of grades married again." Hepsie was now fully aroused, intellectual nobility; when there is no one had ever mentioned wealth marriage to her in that makes anstoranv Knf UUL presenceof her mother, aud she resented we are, what we have J' nuyij wnat done, Cxea our place in such an insinuation, as though it were an in-- " fhe wnr M than T i v "w "uBeu me Jutt;iiLe-bi- U i world .that Christ came to bring. We are going to g,- 1 Dear friends, ahorr all labor, is noble and holy; t thy great deeds be thy prayer to thy God! Ij T self-intere- st COMING-BROTHERHOO- -- are-you-goin- as-th- V But Mrs. Hathaway who was specially anxiou3 , After that day Hepsie felt she could never meet Lucy again and she was anxious to go, of sympathy, from the heart tawarda.&uch ed "sense" of "white slaves' justice that ever siirred a human heart has helped to bring about this great time of deliverance. We have talked a great deal about charity. I am glad to live m a day when we are talking something about justice.. We --women want justice. Aii-imooring mau All that wants is justice and 7 these "white slaves" ask is that they shall "not ! iii--a:.1 i' De Slaves; luat ncu lueu ssuau uut givesu mucu to a school, so much for buildimr a Chanel and so much for missions, as if they were great Christian philanthropists, yet all the time put e. an-ai- n -- - see it far sooner than we think, because we are llTTinrr in almost frpfc flrOUIlfl n tirriA whim Mpsh O fc"v 'ihv 14TAUg 14 as quick as a flash of lightning. Every throb . A lawti Tiartv was mvpn tn AT Anthony in Indianapolis on Julv 25th. in aid ui uer wurh. iu ooum jjaKota. xne committee having the affair in charere were: Mr. and Mrs. E. C Atkins, Hon. , and Mrs. Joseph E. iucionaia , mr. ana iursr Ueorge "Merritt, Dr. and Mrs. H. G. Carey. Mr. and Mrs. Franklin Landers, Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Kregelo, Ir. and Mrs. McKenzie anor SkntonJ.PeerrIrsMary: Mr. and" Mr3. Theodore L. Sewall. Speeches were limited to five minutes; Mrs. Sewall made some bright and vigorous remarks; and among other speakers were: Rev. H. A. Cleveland, Mr. John L. Griffiths; Allugustu3JLullIasn-an- d MrrAlfredF; Potts. Music lent its charm to the occasion. : e 