WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the Exponent: Fob The hues of many flowers adorn her way, And rippling music "of the brooks ami r'i'll t ! - TRUE HEARTS NE'ER DIVIDED. In the sly nooks of TO A DEAR ONE. 1 . Dear-love- one, I am sitting irr the warm d half-ope-n door, Sunshine falls in golden showers around me on the floor, " Gay birds sweet songs are singing and the warm breeze -- " refloating by,, : : .air, soft-breath- theJate of ; Ihegoodnes .HheidiWfo all -- '' ' . y " ' ; A group of ;" - loving ones are near side, ' j we're roaming, side by - .. - V.7. ' sweet ; to travel back, e'en in thought to days of "youth7"r"j'Tyr"":T Gather up the sunny ways, of pure unsullied truth,' - , 7jTr ; 7 sight, And the silver moon is smiling afar o'er land and waves, With holy luster gilding many quiet lonely And someThere afeof ourloved ones, on whom her light " jasTj is ' " .'4 shed, dust of whichour wand'ring feet on earth may- - never .tread., .. : - v. : :V,:Vr-Bu- t this truth do not forget, tho' our homes apart be wide, .".: No earthly barriers yet could true loving hearts divide. Fond souls together may commune tho' waters broad and ' '" deep, Vast rolling prairies stretch between and mountains high ''". ' and steep." :' : - - - COQUETTISH APRIL. Coquettish April with her smiling- face Bespangled with the dewdrops and the rain; , ,Qns momenLlaughing with a winsome grace, Wiui aH her mocking, and deceptive train, Promising sunshine, seedtime, bud and bloom ' And then anon tossing her haughty head, While breath of violets waft a sweet perfume, And o'er the land their welcome fragrance shed,-A- s if in recomDense of inischiftf doner-Of promises unkept, vows unfulfilled; From early morn until the set of sun, .. Capricious as naughty .child - . self-willed- -'-v-- ::- NOTES AND--NEWSly The estate of Robert Browning amquri ted' to eighty-fivthousand dollars all earned by " .. 7 7 writing poetry. ,7 The themcof theilapanese national anthemf7 as recently rendered in English, is; "Oh, , that. of our emperor mighttjontinue tirou-r- " " sands and'lhbu'j! anus "of "y earsu nhl oyster v e -- -- ;5 . ? the-eig- n shells become rocK5. , f The story 'that Mrs. General Grant will publish a volume of the dead -- warrior's love of letlerT toThersllDs o hermtention-Jput into historical iorm muclu; of the valuable material that she necessarily ; collected during her eventful life.., - ; ; lialf-afrai- diceourage-!raen- t, .; 1 , ; d, -- Fresh garlands of that hopeful time, when gladness would hold sway, In our life's bright dewy morning, the green and budding -- -r May! : Now the shadows of the twilight have deepen'd into night, The last bright golden glimpse of day has faded far from ' ' ---- -- , s trials noause-fo- r fohakenby-Him, - -- . Radiant smiles and tender words breathe music in my heart. No , cold; farewells, no sad adieus, no sighing "we must thiugsithathe-saints- h sick and lonely,duty of brethren to preach to the nations of tho earth, duty of sisters to" teaehttt home and set a religious example there, hearts are needed as well' as dollars 'in the ibuilding up of the kingdom of Gud,. if - we expect our prayers to be answered 7 we must put torui our own energies in mav uirection. Pres. Lousia Haight proposed that a Fair be held 'during the coming Fall, to Hvhich various branches of the Relief Society 'of the stake should join some thing of interest and- usefulness, wished to seo horned work of all kinds encouraged. . ; i, --' Conference r adjourned tor three months : 7i .J.'L Lju v' :'7'''"v-'Lousia PiCKirrr Sec. - 'J; Stay yet a moment more and we shall see, ; '. How full of passion is this timid maid,' . She fills all nature with her songs of glee. a virgin .Tb.eo blushes-aOf her own beauty, and her loveliness; ; -- Conscious' ot what she can but ill eonceaT,- each burst of tenderness Responding-tShe doth awake and all her charms reveal. The bounding pulse of nature fuller thrills, .JWhen April comes, and melts the icy streams, The gladness of "the everlasting hills,' O'er all the rales, with bright resplendence beams. 7 We call thee, the coquette, for thou dost dare More icy hearts to break, than all the rest, ' And leave them for the other maids to wear, ; When thou hast put their mettle to the test. Fair Cupid points at thee his winged dart, Bui so enchanted is he. with, thy power, He "doesot even woun4 thynaidenbeart But wnries away wuiiTiiec.uie puuuiuwuj. r E. B. w. 'I..: .. 7 :. , . , Apiil 1890, -- overru!e5-rr -- . The daffodils spring up beneath her feet, And with their hues,' the skies' are mirrored oft . The daisies, tulips', pansies, join to greet . ; This maid berOTi!e so softfp Ti When covering herself with mantle green, , , She treadeth lightly over hill and plain, ' 7, '. But wheresoe er her footprints have been seen,r .We know her coming hath not been in vain. She beareth lilies inrHervlrginbreast77 1r;'" "' And hofds within her,, hands the sacred palm,' And on a Sabbath morn supremely blest ' When nature spreads a sacred calm, Lo, she rehearses o'er the Savior's birth, ,l lL. How in a lowly manger He was born; , j ; His life, His mission, and His goings forth; His advent on the Resurrection morn. .;Sa blest is April with.lhis Jubiieft..i---.vNo wonder that her moods are gay and sad, For life o'er death then gained the victory, O a that Uhjnornjpgall Xhtjfaj,jyas.glaw - God;4hatrHishand , ; And my heart is sadly yearning thy smile again to see, For a message from thy hand I have looked the winter long. But no spell has silence broken, in sunshine or in storm. JTfero the whole long flight of days, have no odds or ends of time; Been found to pen a letter in plain prose or mystic rhyme1 Breathing of joy or sadness, as thy days might prove "to be, Yet with sweet assurance blended of love and truth to me? Now the sunlight soft and golden, is fading from the floor, And twilight shadows gather around the open door, Thro, the dim and shadowy past I'm learning fancy free, ; ' And voices seem to whisper softly loving words to me. Blest hope and trust, are mine again, guardians of the way. My sky is bright with love and joy7I see no evi day, . v, N? shadowy of a coming gloom around my, spirit fall, Life's sweetest flowers gaily bloom their light is over all. I dream not now of broken ties, of loved ones scatter'd ' -- co-opera- Ly-B- ', of present time beet to servo tbo' Lord, With' the sisters" in brethren should their endeavors as a society, Workfor the dead;! jChurch of God will prevail though Unpopular: 'duty of members of society- - to seek - out - the '. l .. k --The . . As tho So doth fair April herald in the Spring, And seemingly delight to tease and vex; Her wonderful allurements she doth bring. Sometimes to charm, but: oftenef lb perplex. Surely thou hast power.to soothe all sorrow; but despair! My thoughts they will go roaming, they are turning iunto Qhr 'tis -- wnd-l-- 1-- h ' ed thee. 7 fe .... ; bless; ,.: ;; f, There's magic ia thy sunshine, healing in each " S5lrnsxandmbanst mid shrieks in fury ( " dressed, Haste thou and do noUajrry, come earth's sUkken ones to. wide, - : sewing m4ft?vC7 TDuringUhe many of ahf'.sUters' aud brethren boro testimony to the truth "an4 spoke in,an Jfrslructivo manner, the, burden of their remarks being: tho teaching of children he principles of truth and the Gospel in: their early youth: the doing-eacday' what is at onr hahdi that our duty may be performed! the great. privilege of meeting together to speak of 7 SheTias not grandeur but forsooth she knows ' to allure the wisest and the best; 7 '" 'Arid when at evening hour we seek repose. "7 J ' She oft disturbs our slumber and our rest, ' v-7; flashing lightning's and the thunder's roar,-And the commotion of "the powers that .be." 7s'-- ' While cloud-burs- ts in their fierceness downward pour UntUjejoseaJightof rnorn VeseeVJ ; i " Bring to my soul a feeling of deeply thrilling power. Bright beauteous tinted fairy! in smiles and softness ' hills. d - i-- ; 4 obligUtacoji conftrcneb -- rVVlibpert Winter is departing, gUdspnTg Ohrt do-n-ot grieve tharwinTerlTfleelngTa awajv Ko," spring is ever welcomewith her soft and tuneful lay, The streamlets gushing music, the cool, green lawn and " ' " '' T"7" T" bower,' -- " testimony meetings, though in some had been . She Uowsthe "dandelions in our very eyes, And curls the'stems as playthings in her hands, And laughs coquettishly at the surprise, Of those vho wot not of her witching bands. She fan's us with a South wind as a 'child , ' ' ' Then like a tempest in a mad'ning gale 7 L. M.'HEWLlNGS. EY verdure-covere- 173 . The bill for the' admission of the state of Wyoming with a constitution guaranteeing equal suffrage to women passed the House of Representatives on Ihursday afternoon, March 132, nava 119; 27, by a strict party vote,-ye- as every Republican voting in favor and every Democrat against it. Welcome Wyoming! Mks. Emily Crawfoed, the noted Journalist of London, says in answer to the question "what do you thinkof journal ism-a- s a profession 'for - - Iirst requiwoman of site was a tgiant Constitution. do delicate physique may good- by spells, but the of the ceaseless grind regular journalistic the life requires stronfsticonstitution. a womii7"Wirirsngaid"83ytJi& - ; f- E. 3 SILK WORMSr CASSIA STAKE." EditoktExponent: rj--r-- The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Cassia . Stake convened at Oakley on the 21 stvof March aamorning and afternoon session being held; Pre3. Louisa Haight, ... presiding with her counselors. There were present the Stake Presidency and geveral other brethren - also- - a very good : . attendance of siatera. ; . the representatives The verbal reports,; by of the various ward3, showed the members striving to do their best; the unusually ; severe weather of the winter had hindered :the slstera much in their labors and .gatherings, but in all the wards they had managed their monthly. ; ,; -- ? ' , Graves has received another circu lar from the V. S.;Department of Agricutlure', m wmcn u is siaieu tuai peiauua uciiuua ux obtaining silk worm eggs can; do so by and answering the following ques Arr" X). ... 'apply-inglrti- tions: m , Have vou ever raised silk worms before?. If you have raised "yes" state how many seasons v silk worm3. x Do vou intend to use mulberry or orange U leaves in feeding the worms? ; ; v- - - tlave you a copy ot rrotrxtiieys ; parapmer.-'entTtle- The Blulberry Silk Worm", published since 1885? .. d, i 