i t i 1LW.M. V ; 7 H 0 JftyAfc 0 Vol. 18. TW. of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations.- A Mind Picture, more foolish, betook themselves to folly and vice. Silence, was echoed in the distance, as -- Justice stood -- witH a : balaucejn his hand to weigh the actions of men," said he, f 'the agency of mankind is theirs and this makes tbenf responsible for their acts, he who instructed you to take the right hand road you heeded not, was it not your 011 fault when it was choose good or placed within .your followed the dark guide through the evil; you broad road that leads to destruction, and gave nirheedUo thti guide on whoso breast plate" was written Truth,'" Then I heard cries of distress, weeping ami wailing. Mercy stood forth in their midst with' outstretched arras to lead the erring ones back to the right path, but those who had gone on before them could Shrink not from the vale, the hills are in view, M. A. M, Pratt. -- SPRING'S HERALDT The winter has been so long and so drear; , With many a heart-acb- e and many a tear. For shadows have fallen o'er many a home And many dear ones have been laid in the tomb of the year. Since the last Spring-tim- e ft bonny bird! Should ycni lose'y our nest? 'f; Or be Jeft by those you love the best? Should you feel the sting of injustice ancl wrong, Would you stilt ringjoui-ypu- r 'gladdening song Making us Steel so blest. believer-pas- s under the rodr 1 A .MINI) PICTURE. journey of life, I saw two roads, one led off to the right, the other to the left. These roads inet at the beginning but as you advanced on them, they widened and the farther' you went on either of them the more distant-yowere' from the other. So distant your eye could not discern the opposite not be overtaken.: : one. As 1 looked where the. two )ads met, M. A. M. Pratt. ere-stood guides. The one on the right dressed was in white apparel, his countenance HEPHZIBAH. beamed with love and good will, he spoke to the few that loCked and were inclined to take XVIII. the right path, he smiled and in tonesjaf sweet accent he said to them fellow travelers pass on. The little schoolhouse shelter'd' neath a hill, AH this time at the left a dark figure stood troops of children playing rouad the door;' his wand A morn in June serene, and calm, and Still: his to them come for way. waving Sweet picture in fond rnem'ry evermore. Beyond where he stood looked dark and dreary -and they took no notice. I looked again to Hephzibah Hathaway went through the ex " : secri f a ny head ed this d ark on e an d t h e pat h j amination as she always did that sort of thing he stood on. The vision ot my mind was with outward composure though her heart fancied Mr. M. must hear opened and I saw a great number of people beat wildly and standing in the narrow passage where the it; she trembled a little when he asked lie to road met. The guide in white raiment was write a line or two, that he might judge of the her penmanship and he added f'auyfnfng you describing to them the A3 1 commenced the . u -th- "This morning the Medlarks were singing; Their welcome notes sweet promise bringing; - And our hearts were thrilled with their gladsome song; For the time we forgot all sorrow and wrong, -- While their happy notes were ringing.- - Oft Trust and Grace shall be given thy strength to renew .Over the hills, arethe "Gardens of God.' L. M. Hewlings Atchison Kan. . -- . e '"''"' Or, are you so sinless, so free from ' gttSle That you can be happy all the while f Or, being pure have you perfect trust, Knowing through all that God is just And content in His care to rest ? r great--husting- s, many joys, the happiness and rea eternal rest they would find as they traveled" ikeJfto Hathaway A45heecallelaopy -- her at school, that had made quite 4118- tn sioruiK) be- - t8th&Tigu yd finghat -- ii-- '.. ' .1 Over the hi'ls to a land fat away, Far away from all sorrowing gloom r . From blight and disease, from mortal decay To a spring-tim- e of immortal bloom. Over the hills, tired soul speed thy flight, To that glorious land "of the blest, Where day endeth not in darkness of night, Dangers never, intrude to molest Hunger and thirst are unknown in that land, Want cannot enter, sighing is o'er, No cruel wrecks strew its glittering strands, Storm-wavbeat not7 nor loud billows roar. Over the valley, the heights rise above, O, soul fear not the swift river's flow Oyer darkness shines ever His love, Bright'ning and cheering from depths below. Over the hills in that endless domain There is a clear shining, crystal sea, The blind receive sight, the halt and the main'd, Are made whole, and are evermore free. Over the hills, from the Poor House, of earth, 1r7 ; es ; i 1 jDtQjfnansionsofternal-esTransported, renewed, in immortal birth And the sanctified "realms of the blest.. Ove the hills are father's and'mother'sT" W'kQ5g absence, in dread sorrow was mou Sisters, brothers, lovers, true-heart- ed ..Sav;edipr..ayey.ia a gloried horns,; e press-iugJD- "Ye3 and it's a' true saying and one . all pretty girls should remember." "I shall, never forget that copy" said Hepsie,vKor the lesson it teaches?" added the gentlemanf For that I don't know;" 'I trust you will never have a practical lesson on the subject" replied the grave and scholarly man, and forthwith proceeded without comment to write out the certificate. All this time a tnrault was goirjg on in Hepsie's heart and head, for the quiet demeanor of Mr, M. throughout the interview left jgririjdoubt as. to the result,".1 'He taoyed towards her, and as she rose to meet him, he handed the official paper, and gaid; "My child you are the youngest applicant for the situation of a teacher I have-ev- er examined; but hesitation in saying clear crystal streams of water that flow from a heavenly fountain, that u called the tree of life, and you can eat of the fruit and live ever- - As you walk steadily on the way, the light of the holy spirit enlightens the path whose brilliancy never becomes dim, and by its light you walk on to eternal day." Some few seemed to doubt his word, they stood and listened and were convinced and passed on to the right. Then I saw multitudes giving herd to the dark figure and the dark and niisJ;y broaa road Their countenances bespoke a strong will and de termination net to heed the' voice of the guide ed?" -- OVER THE HILLS. impress r that leada to life eternal, .loose .who .'take and smile and yet be a villain," and handed the first jtejisjpn jthis path aud do. not turn - the paper to 3Ir. M who smiled shrewdly as he back need never retrace them. There u a isaid, Iwhy did you write that?" "It wa3 the tree - growing by the .road side, watered by. first thirg I thoughLonsn'k .jticorrfiCtljJquot . thk Exponentr" aa given- - - at iiramoWcntVhcdtation'A-aiirffiarfmil- ,. "For No. 21. , Hephzibah. From Editorial .Thoughts, Manuscript Paper P. A. Provo, Sarah E. Guff. Miscellaneous. An Sister's Interesting Visit. Josie E. Childs. at L. Beaver, Jones. Notes and News. Party St. RTS. Reports, John's St. Joseph's and Salt Lake. Schools of Music, Henry C. Post, Editorial: The Gospel at" .Homq. 'Editorial Notes. Woman's Convention at Provo. L. D. --S. Womens' Meeting. A Letter to an Aged Sister in the Faith, Mary Y. Corby. Poetry: Spring's Herald, E. T. Over The Hills, L. M. Hewlings. Make Your Home Beautiful, Selected. Lines, On the Death of Miller,-L- . M. HewliDgs. Obituary George-Ro- y of Mrs. S. P. Jolley, Jane Bailey. March 16th 1890, : - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 1,1890. CONTENTS. . AN n clothed in white. Then he raised his voice so that all could hear and in clear decisive, tones said. Mif,vou take that dark and broad path to the left yyou. .""will onget discouraged artificial lights on the way but dans passages traordinary for one of jouryearaiii.":';:..---GHepsi- e felt she was not eo brav6 as Mr. M. that have not a glimmer of light; the road is rouh and rocky, thorns, thistles and briers imagined, for she dare not look at "the certifis water that cate until she was out of sight of the house grow by Ihe way , s tagn an t pool of are not fit to drink you find there, you become where she had undergone such "a mental strain. A few minutes drive brought her to the gate of and you see no hope nor thirsty, care-wor- n evils or sudden the one she had a similar old farm house-tany way to escape, besetting death., I ii.it6ndt.a3u:tler.'ray.eld..' on thi3 just left; spacious and embowered in shrubbery, road and heard voices in the distant darkness with great elm trees outside that reminded exclaimino'. "Ohl why was I bornandatejO-hr-of-ihose-aherlearr- i .1 grandfathersand. ' 1 . . i.fl iorce. oacK 10 ner wiiu viviu tue pai came I... to be thus perplexed,! see nothing but sorrow and disappointment,! was born to misery and A very prim elderly ladv, came out to meet face-a- nd a -- motherly woe. Why could not I have been predestir . her, with such a sweet nated to have peace and happiness, joy and welcome which made her completely at ea5e. contentment, I have it not in thi3 dark and "Poor child" she said "how- delicate you do jopk to come here to teach the rough country reAry.. wpdd. I-ha- -- i.ii ;fied-forTt- hep o, old . l.il - 