JYOMAK'S EXPONENT. MAY SONGS. 7 The hills AnA obey -- Him. areay, aoud( withflow'rs cf May; there doth abotjud .. . The songs we sing, the sweets we "bring, Of flow'r and vine and garlands twine, To crown our floral queen Our royal queen of .'festive May. ii ' to-da- y, " With roses fair, we'll wreathe her hair, And lilies sweet, lay at her feet, And in the air of jocund May" l'our 1 1 forth, a gladsome " With song-bird- s' Joining , voice, the hills rejoice, in chorus full and gay, ' To crown our queen in happy May. : With music glad, none need be sad, ' Let joy and pleasure fill each heart, And innocence and grace impart, To make this day our life portray, An offering free of purity, And crown our chosen queen With love's sweet songs in blooming May. to-da- y, We come from the s far away, so blithe, and so gay; Tripping along, The fairest fio'w'rs and sweets we bring, With music we make the s ring, "To welcome the maiden May; .ILJLLZ For we crown pur queen The maids of honor her throne surround ' And cast their garlands upon the ground, ganized during this term. n membership, of increase of members srxtyone darregThirhut six months -- The Relief March 31st. ending Society here is doing what the Society is' doing at home, namely relieving the poor, caring for the sick, giving the poor a deceit and respectable burial assisting the traveling Elders.assisting to build meeting houses, preaching the Gospel &c etc." Many have been converted by the sisters traveling from house to house bearing testi- "Xanu preaching -the Uospel tathom. z.AearIy..idl:tal:bra ;ing3 established which forma a great factor in obtaining means for the prosecution of their labors. Some of their auilts are verv nice and are sought-afte- r by 'the well to do neonle nav- for ine; some as hiirh'as twenty dollars, for ono quilt. In writing about mv Hawaiian sisters "i' h a veo7i ly tionand praise,-therare two sides to a picture, every picture has it3 dark side.' it is much moro pleasant to look upon the bright side and will cot the great dispenser of justice take in to coastderatioh the ciFcuTustances of al PHw creatures with mercy, according, to the ability and comprehension of all His creatures. I . n n rr .1 :il ciose win praying ior tue prosperity or nam - Your sister in the new and everlasting cove- wild-wood- nant. ' - Lucy M. Kino. . . Laip, Hawaiian, Islands, April: 10th, 1890. . friends-and-lbtcninj- x "H03. WEDDING We search for bloom where the fairies dwell, We hunt for. bads lathe r shadydellf Roses and lilies in wreaths we twine Woven from every leaf and vine, To adorn the queen of May, Whose sceptre we own ; And the sweetest notes for And our purest offerings we bring; - ANNIVERSARY. anni- Monday , May 5, was the twenty-fourtana versary ot the marriage ot IJrs. Ellis R. Shi pp. In the evening there was a gathering of a few friends at their residence in this City in honor ot the happy occasion. I he party convened jjb the same room where so many years Deiore mey naa oegun meir ' ' wedded life. It was a kind of imnromtu affair, and there fore Jhere wasniy a few of the jnany fr nds, , whowouid otfaerwiss" have been invited topar h " m to-day- -t - I. . . The maids who come from the sunny hills, Have bathed in the sparkling, bubbUngjills, -- Have revelM in loveliness," and light; And quaffd the nectar of dewy night; ' They have come to crown queen May, In their own sweet, graceful way, The maidr of beauty, lift uptheir voice, For the queen of May, they made their choice. - '..V ... : e. IV w. : ticipate in the enjoyment of the evening. Almost the entire evening wa3 devoted to music. Miss Eda Delean gave several pieces difficult piano music in the manner of y a professional and wa3 much applauded, she '.vv. also sang one or two songs very sweetly, iuiss May lo, 1890. Maude Pratt who has a J'ull soprano voice, wa3 very obliging, and sang again and again, some new pieces; and other "dear old songs;" she FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. has an excellent voice and her singing shows considerable cultivation. Mrs.' Lizzie Felt a favorite singer and who plays wonderfully Editor Women's Exponent: gave some instrumental With pleasure I make a short report of .the well on the guitar,and mot of labors and progress of the Relief Society of pieces orUhe guitar also accompanied on the guitar. Her; the songs she sung Mission of which a general is strong, full and sweet. Richard and conference of all the branches was held April voice instru--ment;Bard Shipp rendered several pieccs: of at 5, music on gultar,fliiteand malndofmniL ; now organized only three; were not reported in altogether it might almost be called "a musimanifested was zeal that : indeed the tyj person; and conference represent-roperly- iJ come td'tlie to many The com nanr con versed freely. there were no ; he Society of which they severally r . form a part, that quite a number walketlall daintily served with ice cream, lemonade, fruit the way from Honolulu to Laie a distance cf CtC " ' "T r 32 miles; one womanTcarrying a babe of two It was not only the wedding day of theM.Drs. months old , a great part of the dis tance in her 13. anniversary of Dr. '"arrns. Another sister whose feet were so gore but the birthday who has now reached the ad' wasl Shipp's father it that whole walked the distance, having The company wa3 vanced age of eighty-two- . to the hobble "that could she up with, difficulty friends or more prop-trl- y old composed mostly ' of ; which she the pre-to Society represent pulpit those who were intimately acquainted ' sided over. ,V, J with each other for nierly, but who in these ' The riride the joy, an? satisfaction coupled; Mr. daV3 have little time tor society. g of4he 'holy; spirit up'onx busyMrsVShi with the and ppwere kMrdly the feeble efforts of pur Hawaiian Enters to having sailed safely so far over the sometimes do their rjartJt5ward : building "up, arid estabtroublous sea of matrimony; they received but on the' God "of earth; the kingdom lishing anmo .'valuable presents, muvenirs of this JA nnf hp r -- tpaH ninn vZjthatGo A JOio re-- i plekantTnile-stotritlong-life's-- j spector of persona, but, blesses air without ancT writer addsifigrgagratulatios3-to-th--t to race, or color, who faithfully serve of-ver- al -- ; : ' , -- sym- pbLi?Tht rinsed con ce ruingesp women who take in washing, who spend their pathettcrtloub.ts-ttro-nnt days.in scrubbing abroad and their nights in vvahing and ironiiig and cleaning' alijomc, but only wlien the labor competes with thfit of men, in journalism' lor txamjilo,. in medicine, in any in farming, in ;ge oral buein s. r "" scientific pursuit. As' long 113 there was a question of oipncity."' that was discusstd ad j.cuyfam; now tnat this has settled itstU, and women ;aro doing all the time by the hundreds and thousands that which it was said women could rot du at all, the old obstructive spirit appears in new guise; and we are told that it is absurd for women to enter upon this or that, with an. organization that is too delicate to bear continued strain. That this kind of argument h not recognized because sorno as arrant nonsense, is women haveaHowed both physical and mental faculties to grow 9.0 weak of use, that -they take their ovncmditioiv us furnishing an "average, and believe it to be the normal state of all women. If .this were true, - then it is s high time pubHc opinion wa3 aroused upon-thimatter and por wonif'n were protected and saved for the'sake of possible motherhood from Ftand--indoing the drudgery of the world; from' , all day at tho vah:tub, the ironing-tablefrom working side by sido witli men in the field?, the factories, life workshop, doing, as much work at less price," and supplementing it with as hard labor at home, whi:e 'ho man is StinIirlZHrHIaiigr.uir, Jna ..own. and . the , woman s gains 111 a utershup. uso should men It is perhaps natural that every argument that presents itself agaunt possible"" Encroachment, on their prefer vca. But women had better inquire and find out of what women havo shown themselves capable before deciding that women cannot do this or that, and putting the obstacle of an ad verso opinion in the way of their aTlvancemtnt. The actual ItiutW is that women have more continued resisting powerr and more endurance than men. They can do more kinds of work, and keep at it longer than men. One of the reasons is that they are more quiet, more persistentrand- - do;not throw away so nuich nervous energy a3 men. There is nothing women cannot do if they set themselves to - 1 . out-pourin- -- re-"ga- rd nt g . , it. It is, ' jitrhps, fortunate for men that their desires have hero tofore been si) simple and modest in character. active : pay ing woxk, and the acquisition of power that it brings Ihe dcsirejbr appropration may come; here- tofore. a . peculiarly, jnasculine attribute, andT then well, the experience of aucient Egypt Vdrk-trj'-'it-ac-orapli- sh ith-tlHSfriencGXif -- may be repeated m modern America, J.J. The Woman's Cycle. . - i Th'e question which is always a?ked, always discussed in regard to womeu, and any field of active labor m. which they may desire to engnge, is, have they the physntiJ for it ? , Will they not break down undcr-it- ? Dom it not rtquiro inorcstrellgtlrthaif they of TTindooitan to annual for funds iu.aid of her Pundita Ramadai h'as started on a tour Sho has been warmly received every- wheie, and. at the close ot a lecture which fno deliverul at Hyderabad two thousand .rupees were subscribed am mg tho audience.' It is school. noteworthy that a Mohammedan capital fhuid be among th toremost supporters 01 u pury -- Hindu intitulkin, " " , i I WOMEN WORKERS. by-wa- . f -- .. 7 to-da- ! . - -- 1 hill-top- v were orWe now have a - roundelay,- - To welcome e'en, our fairyoueen, , Doctors and thtir 'family, and thanks - for a very pleasant evening spent among dear, - : to sweet muic. W. ' - J7JS--shoviuga- Z. The joyous notes of melody, Swelling in tuneM harmony; Three- - new ri branches 189 "7 ; ' 