OIMfS 7 -- Vol. 19. Wz ' Zion, and the nights of the Women of ',1jo' our earthly forms apart remain, Thus to meet and to greet each "other.'. "7" ' In freedom naught earthly can restrain Loved voices come" backrUk thToeTTZZ Of sweet songs, and chimes of silvery bell, And throughout the vast realm of nature, Wherever I may xozmtkty vill dwell. Forefathers Fought for . the Liberty that; we.: are Denied To-daHelen M. Whitney. Notes and News. Review of Primary Associations with Instructions. Aunt Lu's Story, Minerva. R. S --- Report :: Emery Stake. r Industrial The an Home Editorial: Expert-- , meat.-EditoNotes. Mabel ClareRichards r Items of History, S. G. Richards. : Poetry Thanksgivin Hymn, Carlelon. Voices ifrom Loved Ones, Lucy A. Y. G. "There Remaineth a Rest?!. L. M. Hewlings. I Shall Know Her Again, B.kF. Taylor. To a Departing Missionary, M. A. Y. - Greenhalgh. y, THEr THANKSGIVING ri IN THE TWILIGHT. REVERIE. On a calm, bright Summer evening, When the day had almost sped, And the sun was near his setting, And Spring, and youth had fled. I heard the voice of waters, I heard them rippling flow, Like the wailing notes of sorrow, Or the murmurings of woe. For my soul was sad and weary With its load of earthly care, And the 'still small voice" was smothered, By the moaning of despair. vaioi.. ' But while I thus stood musing . The sky above grew bright, For the moon in all her splendor Drove away the clouds of night. - Thy mercy permitted a sorrow or pain. We thank Thee, O Father, for song and for feast The harvest that glowed, and the wealth that increased; For never a blessing encompassed earth's child . Thit Thou In Thy mercy looked downward and smiled. And her track like silver gleaming," O'er the brooklet's dancing crest, Seemed like an angel speeding, To telt of peace and rest. - - 'We thank Thee, O Father of all, for the power Of aiding each other in life's darkest hour; -- The generous heart, and the bountiful hand, : , And all the sad souls understand. For my , life was overshadowed, And its future hid from sight, As I stood upon the In the shade of coming night. soul-helplh- at We thank Thee, O Father, for days yet to be" .For hopes that our future will call us to Thcc; That all our eternity form, through Thy love, One Thanksgiving day in the mansions above. But the twinkling home light whispered, There is work still to be done, You must wait, and labor bravely, For awhile the hard race tun. ; And the quiet graveyard stretching, To the flowing brooklets shore, Seemed the entrance to an haven, Where the weary work no more. For the Exponent. .... VOICES FROM LOVED ONES. . Of a brighter life hereafter,-In "realms of endless day' It brought a gleam of gladness, That bore my thoughts away, .From the sadness that oppressed me, In the twilight cold and gray. . wild-woo- Then my soul seemed cheered within me, For I thought I saw a hand, Waving slow and gently o'er me, In the moonbeams on the strand. - ed WeerteacbrtftheTt Live over the past with glad delight, Tha.ks,fertra tub4j fnagie powers ,; ble l, j ' And I heard the sound of voices, As the low, Singing hymns of joy and gladness, waters-murmure- ed, oft-tri- ofredemption of the human race,looking forward to the grand and glorious victory, of the righteous. Rut it has been my prayer that our faith might be equal to the trials that are necessary to the proving, and.separating the gold ' from the dross.. That we might overcome, all instead of being overcome especially the young and inexperienced who may not see God ia,tho or sudden and unlooked-fturn that things77 have taken. I refer to the late Declaration of President Woodruff which was sustained by the Conference without an opposing vote. When I perused the minutes I did so. with a prayerful heart and desire for the right spirit and understanding to judge of its true source. And the testimony, and spirit that came to me was strong enough to convince me that this fctep was right, and I was more strongly impressed that Joseph Smith' .was inspired ia all that he uttered as the cord of the Lord. I was satisfied that the Spirit of God burned in the bosoms of those who spoTe, and rested upon the congregation whichwas visible upon all with whom 1 conversed? 'and more especially after the Sunday morning session. I readily dis-- " cemed this to be a m ost glorious'era, one that had been long looked forward to by the saints. So mysteriously had the Lord worked and brought about His plansjbringing to pass II i3 own purpcees independent of KumVlallof which fall iu such utter insignificance before Him that one is brought to realize one's own nothingnessa3 Jt were, and sink submission to His will or pleasure as it seemeth Him good. I know that these trials will bring to us their precious fruits and that all that the wicked have done, or will do against this work can never hurt nor hinder its onward course '1 hraufrh the late action of Congress against this Church they have unwittingly pushed it forward, into a ilgteSP.iLjaQrfi Tavomble Ejoa' b'elorc .tneworjd.haa it ever previously held. While the government that has consented to and favofed the unjust, unconstitutional measures that have been enacted for the purpose of robbing and breaking up a peacable people who are hated lor their virtues that were once the Tnrda of tb ir nation,"" instead of has sounded its own death-knelthat of 'Olormonism" Many doubt their sincerity, in ceasing the practice of Polygamy, some think they may be honest now, but arc likely to change in a future time and might become a terror to thb nation. We will admit that were the principles of the Gospel lived up to by thi3 or any other community, ' as it "was taught by Chris t, and His diecipies, and accepted as lh"0"WrrldnV7daftfiy" would became a terror to the ungodly. Many Gentiles who have settled in.Utah, and others who have come here and taken the time to study the main characteristics of this "peculiar -- jn,W . ray thoughts through our friend the Exponent. It has been a long time since I 7 felt ablo to write or to mingle with those whose interests are mice, and are engaged in the game.. great in-hum- While the moonlight seemed to promise, As h chased the gloom away, ."7 true-heart- lad to be once mors able to express i - They come to me on the wand'ring winds Afar over the mountains high and steep, Broad rivers, prairiesrvast forests grim, And o'er mighty oceans, wide and deep. I hear loved voices echoing far, Floating along with each passing breeze, Many glad greetings to me have come, Thro the soft whisperings of the trees. ' Yea, fumes their loving thoughts have come, In the fresh sweet songs 'Of d birds, And in the gladsome and cheerful tones, Of happy children's musical words. And the fragrance of each faithful heart, I breathe the beauteous rose, Tears of grief,or joy that dim their eyes, . Are the dew its blossomed, leaves enclose. In each sweet flower and shrub and tree, Some dearly beloved image I trace, Of the departed, kind Of some fondly familiar dear face. ""There fare many prccTdus.priceless links, " Entwined within true affections'chain, To charm, to gladden, and to impart ;,. A bairn of healing, for pain. of loved ones come to Spirits me, my In the solemn stillness of the night. i ""wo'rE: A .. Will Carl eto.v. OBINIQK-O- E- TODAY. Atchison, Kan. We thank Thee, O Father, for all that is bright The gleam of the day and the stars of the night; ' The flowers of oar youth and the fruits of our prime, And blessings that march down the pathway of time. We thank Thee. O Father, for all that is drear The sotfof the tempest, the flow of the tear; ; For never m blindness, andneyer in AN AMERICAN WHOSE FOREFATHERS FOUGHT FOR THE LIBERTY THAT WE ARE DENIED -- Ll'CY." T HYMN. No. 11. WOMAN rial . all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1S90. CONTENTS. The Opinion of an American Woman Whose : ? WW- D I WTT1 W HP . That made my spirit glow, With a gleam of life eternal, " Spent near my Father's throne, " From which I ence had wandered, To seek an earthly home, " " " " " " M. A. Y. G?vF.L.S'!IAL(,lI. ' neonlem-epaid-them-ih- e IrsTXaIeTannatt WoodS of Salem, Mass" has been elected a member of the Society of hidiest-eom- rlr ments. A late writer unon the "iMormon"' problem savs "ih&Jwtc& cleanlinsss and observance of the Sunday 