WOMAN'S EXPONENT, E., two; Elder F. F. Hintze, one; Hon. F. S. Richards, one; and Elder li. II . Kbbers, one. IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED 1 STATES. C. The buildings at present occupied by the college afford but very inadequate accomirioda-- ' tlons for the departments of the institution. Our acknowledgments are due the railway com panies of this.. region, notably the various branches of the Union Pacific system, the Denver & Rio Grande, the Utah Central , and the Salt Lake City Railway for the privileges of reduced .fares which have been extended to our students under prescribed rules; also to the proprietors znd officials of: industrial and manuln and" around the ciTy facturing establishments for numerous courtesies extended to the students in visiting such places for study; and to the publishers of the following periodicals for current copies of their Journals vDzseret Evening News the-variou- s Sa&Lafo VailIIeral THE FACULTY. has continued to hold regular sessions during the term, besides which a number of special meetings have been called as occasion required. The record of the proceedings of this body are before " ' " ;". May .14,-129- 0. - Brother Glare WrReid followed wTth"aFinstru-mentselection, "Silvery Waves," rendered in his usual creditable manner. Elder George Reynolds expressed his pleasure at witnessing the extension of this system of edu- lation among the people-o-f Zion, and made some excellent remarks. Sister Zina Y. Card followed "with an address replete with tender feeling toward the students, and with excellent advice especially directed to the youngjdies. She dweJtvupQnthelSGia-t6ns"T- o good which are formed among fellow students, and expressed a hope that the influence of these would be a guiding star of the students'--al enforce rules and- - regulations not inconsistent with the laws of the United States for the: conduct of. registrations and elections,in.,s(LTerri-- . torjv ; - . Mr. Edmunds introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the PRIMARY JUBILEE. Com-mittce- on the Judiciary. A On June BILL. In amendment of and supplementary to the act of... Congress approved March- - twenty-seconeighteen hundred and eighty-twentitled MAn e act to amend section hundred and fifty of the Revised Slatutes of the . United States, in reference to bigamy, ancTfo.r 'other purposes." Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Untied States in Congress assembled, That the existing election dUlrictsand apportionments of representativesjcorjdng-ihft- members"of tbe legislative assembly of the Terr i tory of Utah are hereby abolished; and it shall be' the duty of the governor, territorial secretary, and' the board of commissioners mentioned in section nine of the act of Congress fapproved March twenty-second- , eighteen hundred and eighty-on"An act to amend "section fifty-thrhundred and fifty of the Revised Statutes of the United States in reference to bigamy, and for other purposes," in said Territory, as soon as practicable after the result of the census of said Territory to be taken in the year eighteen hundred and ninety shall be made known, to redistrict said Territory, and apportion representatives in the same in such, manner as to provide, as nearly as the same may be, for an equal representation of the people, excepting Indians not taxed, being citizens of the United States, according to numbers,in said legis I ve assembly, and to the numbers of the mem bers of the council and house of representatives, respectively, as now established by law; and a record of the establishment of such new districts, and the apportionment of representation thereto, shall be made in the office of the secretary of said,Terrjtfyy.and sueh tablishmeEtiaBdTepreT sentation shall continue until Congress shall other-wis- e provide; and no person other than citizens of the - United States, and 'otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to vote at any election in said Territory. Sec. 2. That the offices of territorial auditor, treasurer, commissioners" tor" locate university lands, probate judges, county clerks, selectmen assessors, recorders, and superintendent of district schools, in the Territory of Utah are hereby vacated; and all such officers shall hereafter be appointed by the governor of said Territory, by and with the advice and consent of the board of commissioners mentioned in section nine of the act of Congress approved March twenty-seconentitled "An eighteen hundred and eighty-twd, o, fifty-thre- -- '"Journal, Richfield Advocate, Southern, Idaho, Independent, Juvenile Instructor, Woman's Exponent, Utah Enquirer, Young Ladies' Jouruvl, Contributor, and Puck, (the last named being received through the courtesy "of Margetts' Brothers.) you. 4 e, ee . 2nd, the Primary of Weber take,will celebrate the birthday of Trcsl- dent Brifham Ymintf. All tV the County are expected to participate in the exercises of that day. The use of Lester Park and the pavilion have beenr granted: by the City Council and there they will hold forth. In the morning a pleasing entertainment entered into by all the associations consisting of exercises of various kinds will be gone through with. These exercises conchidnl. the officers menU at the Fifth Ward school house which . a lies very convenient to the Turk. At two o'clock the children's dance will, begin. This will continue until about five p. m., when they 1 will be given for the officers and the larc:er it. n 1. . . 1... xaeiuuera auu it win oe select in every particular. Ford's band will bo in attendance . 1 11 m . it 1.1tne artair uau.1 every iumg win ue uone to niaKe aa pleasing as possible to. those who attend. It U a grand day for the little oues,one that they look forward to with pleasure. x. 1 -- 1 A - GENUINE SURPRISE BESTOWED ON ONE WHO IS CEKTAINLY WORTHY OP THE IIONOi:. xua auuirersary 01 iurs. uosepuine iw. Y est 3 birthday waa celebrated by the Primary Asso-- " ciations of Ogden City on Saturday May 24th. Mrs. West is the President of the Primary Associations of Weber Stake. A pleasant sur. prise was provided for her, and she wa3 Invited ,,ta meeting ofheSiew five Primary Associations in Ogden City,which was Jieia at z o clock m the Second Ward .meeting house under the auspices of the Association of - that ward. Mrs. Mamie Richards presided over the pleasant "gathering. There were present beside the presidency of the soveralrassbciations in the City, Bishop Robert McQuarrie, of the Second Ward and W. G. Child, one of his Sister Zina D. Young spoke to the young ladies of the school," dwelling particularly upon the necessity of personal purity, and of avoiding the spirit of prevalent among some of Latter-da- y Saints. , counselors. in Elder Wm. B. Dougall, behalf of the Stake After, the usual exercises, a written address Board, returned thanks to the teachers for their of welcome and congratulation was read by Miss Aggie Herrick. The address was ably labors, and to the students for their appreciation of the work done during the past year. of Mrs. written, and proved to bea eulogy " Woodruff labora followed in the West's with an Jsidentjyilford primary associations in fnspiringaddressjcongratulatingalike teachers and words on the becJBCr.ujg JiswiJip-laborpupils on the work of the past, and assuring them and those of her assistants who had worked ,of his hearty cqHopUonand thatx authorities associated with him, for the future two of the Revised Statutes of the Uulted States i witn ner and under Tl f . r i .i"' ne rcierrea in a cainr and dispassionate manner In reference to bigamy, and for other purposes:" her long life and many years of usefulness in to the present condition of the Latter-daProvided, T hat where any officer above named the sphere in which she had so long moved as Saints to make herself indispensable to. the success as a community despoiled of their hold his office by virtue of appointment goods and shall now the Primary Association. real estate undercover of an unconstitutional or commission from the President of the United of FVtthis institution . a state of affairs may be taken as evidence States, for a definite term the provisions of this section shall not apply until th e expiration of said VVrTt .J iaIi u r if A "--' it ' LUKu b v tuc rxuan""inai v.uJ vacau wen term. ; :L3zl-- - Tim fsL.f g jpi.01andthese material losses the people merited by the subject of the address, being able to support schools for their childSec. 3. That the board of commissioners finished, a short programme, consisting of suitren in which the principles of religion and of true mentioned in soction nine of the act of Congress able recitations, was rendered by members or theology could be taught. The speaker r pictured approved March twenty-secon- d, eighteen hundred officers of each ward. the future awaiting the youth of the entitled "An act to amend section - The following speakers were then present day, and eighty-two- , introduced, and urged diligence and unremitting effort" on e hundred and fifty-twthe Revised all of whom spoke of the labors of the various. r of their part toward a thorough preparation for the S tatutes of the United Staties, in reference to associations throughout the stake and the great future. bigamy, and for other purposes," is hereby effect they had in the training of the youthful The exercises of Field Day, authorized and in its of an discretion consisting empowered to minds for good, and accrediting to Mrs. West excursion to- - Calder's Fa cause new of voters in said . 1 registrations linn 911 nrAA h Territory agreatjieaf of the success- - that these sssocia- io join me stuaentsii ""iieu tions had met with in the past few years: "p part thereof, to be made Instead the choir sang "An Angel from'on High," and of revisions of previous lists, as now required by Bishop Robert ;McQuarrie, Mrs. Elizabeth WaS Pronounced laws ofsaid Territory; and said board Is also Y. Stanford, counselor j?resident -- Westr by Bishop W. the Jq T Rtid Harriet Nye, counselor to the president of the Jiereby auhorired and-- em powered Hu mafeeand fault-findin- g, ; . d, o, ' s -r- y law-Suc- h ' : 1 1 1. 1 A 1 .were-willib- ;;,';;;,..'. fifty-thre- o . A hf-Utabror-- aay r 