WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 135 privilege to choose the religion that best satisfies the soul and its earthlv - and heavenly wants". And taken Z when Iviblent Steps have-bee- n and to sever the ties, and cherished-eridearmen- ts of country, home and people whose sympathies for each other were naturally strengthened by suffering together, being: encroached upon and driven from place to pUce under, the point of bayonets, and forced from our native hills and Temples, and the rest of man kind, witho favor or word of sympathy from any other quarter of the land that gave us birth, has it not been , . - - ' - ---- - -- " 3 10 Knuou enougn wunoui menuoning-jeiigior bind our hearts together? And totmtte tisrmore; closely when the cry of extermination again rings in our ears. Persecution has ever been the legacy of God's people. But He says " Vengence is Mine - n, and I will repay" ' v . These peculiar trials being predicted have not come unawares as does fee thief in the night. They have been looked for as among the inevitable that would have to be met in the great combat, And this is why they are able to endure as patiently as they do, and even cheerfully the unlawful and impious encroachments that are being ' made upon them. .1 il watch-woris the and "Eternal vigilance" their final victory is written upon the banner of truth and right, which has ever and will forever wish to bring, about a conquer. Let those who . r V reiormauon among tne Mormons ' set oeiore them a . worthy example in worldly as well as no nffr fViA Ml Mrn aT fief nr s sairl 'Ji !c ,npnnU oil tMnrire ' muf hcwimnnf" in , t,"m Let them show equal works of. righteousness with tnose manifested among tne- - majority ot this people. Where is there a community professing -- . d, - ' """"" . S Jlhnstian m Him and not their, tormentors how long such wickedness will .be permitted.to flourish. But the swift judgments that have been predicted have begun and are increasing upon the earth which is ripe with iniquity, and we. know that there will be no cessation, but that suffering, bloodshed, mob- -, bing, and wickedness of all kinds will increase. The calamities and distress that we hear off in our own land and all others', causes the troubles here.. to seem light in comparison, and fill our hearts with sorrow and mourning over the blind-nes- s difference that Jsmanifested, and the- a suffering that is coming upon them j which tbey- might escape"'would" they but heed the humble champions of the gospel which the Lord commanded should be preached to all the world or' their blood would be found upon the skirts of . His people. This is barely the beginning of similar and more awful events that have' been casting their shadows before, and which Joseph Smith foretold would come upon this land without the wrongs which he, and this people were then suffering from, were requited. We are as" sure of the speedy deliverance of Zion, as we are thaf another morn will break, and the darkness flee, or that a tempest wili abate whenit has spent its fury; These may be viewed as broad assertions in the days of the fudges, xvhtn to acknowledge and obey a Superior power ta earthly courts is in their eyes a treasonable act; but I will refer such , to the following contained in the vision of St. . John. jjjn -- -- "' - "ramhewliichTCT and I willg:ive..unto .every one of you according to your works. And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end" to "him will I . give power oyer the n,attops.,jrrr.l . rz H. M. Whitney. suffering and forbearance towards their fellow bebecometh as and Jived Jan. 24th, 1890. Christians, taught ings, by auu crucuieu oavior oi tne uie nuiuuic, uui udicu world? Where is the power of His gospel being R. S., Y. L. 1M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORT-manifested, the administrations and gifts pertain-t- o ft, in any other church outside of the Latter-da- y fiCO FIELD. v v Saints? I From the power and violence arrayed against JEdttor IPONE2JK tbts I thought perhaps a few lines from ibis out jiffdp"of the strength that it has reached. Among the feeble efforts that have of the way place" might be of interest to some been made to stop it are the steps taken to prevent of the readers of the Exponent. Our Relief the gathering of the Saints from foreign lands. Society is in a tolerably fair condition. We hold two meetings monthly arid are But they might as well pass a law to stop the trying to do the all we from can. world the as The the good spirit emigration majority of the gathering of the seed of Israel. There are good among all sisters work energetically,;there are a fewwho do not take so much interest. communities who will yet receive this gospel. Our Relief Society was organized in "Aug.," Thousands will come to enquire, and learn the. truth concerning it after the Elders have been 1882, with the following officers: Harriet Wal-toPres. Ella, G. Ingles, First Coun. A called in from the nations, and will rejoice in the gnes Russell, Second Coun. Rachel Ann Gatherum, same. There are few who now possess sufficient Secretary, and Mary Ann Morgan, Treasurer. moral courage to speak in defence of an unpopular Your Sister and . Y pepple were they so inclined. ' Rachel Ann Gatherum, Sea when various other denominations are made But, to conform to similar laws, confiscations, etc. EMERY STAKE. which is sure to come upon the principle "as you The "Relief Societv do more room for Rpt; that milk of human kindness that is witheld from Conference of the Emery Stake was held at Xhe ''Mormonsnqw. omrioi5r rwo nmeetlng3 were held i he Lord said that lie would have a tried during the day, Sister Elizabeth Salt Lake City jaraa present and f? people, that they were to come up through jmuch the Stake Presidency of the Relief tribulation, and be made perfect through sufferSociety 8tand and representatives from afflictions humiliations "Their and have all ing. the different wards with a been- - profitable.) But who of this generation goodly number of filled sisters th house. knows the hundredth 'part of what it has cost Sister Anne U.Larsen presided meetthem to be Saints? But' the gospel makes theiri . inhe and gave "a report of the Stakeings as-tas and more far as patient stronger years roll on. she was with the acquainted situation it was And these present fiery trials.may be viewed as favorable. t Latter-day harbingers of better days than the Presidents of the several' ever have Saints yet enjoyed. Jesus said that His and it waS learned that of people should be hated of all nations for lovers the mcreasmgand and poor missionaries His name's sake. And 'there is an unspeakable jovland satisfaction at this thought, and that 7 g,Ven t0 forward 'the cause "though they be punished in the sight of men, yet of lfef" is their hope full of immortality." The earth be- ' the afternoonand -- ) " -w- ork-onccaTi n, Co-labore- r, " ''. a.,i tmttrptherjvrtfXiA TTd rn.the he the'S touphed briefly buoiy r . on prayer, goingio meetiDgs, wora of Wis-.. U'. ' I! -J f! J .J ,1. tl day holyv to observe the" Fastday, to preserve our- health and shun the Tain and foolish fashions of to day; how to partake of the Sacrament, keep away our children from sectarian schools, to learn our boys a tradeadvocated woman suffrage and recommended the golden rule of the Savior: "Love one another." Pres. " 1 T 1 TT rj- - vj,jjarstu auu - vxiuuseior ITT wm.nowara were, also present, and gave some very jgood mnncpl nnn fnrviirf!rrori tha trctnn nnf f K jye'ary in the work of charity. vBeside the following sister's were the most prominents peakers: Anne Pulsipher, Josie ChildsJ Anne . U. Lar-sen- , and several others. The meetings were well attended, the speeches spirited 'and all agreed that they had enjoyed another feast in our "lovely mountaiu home." y Kathinka Andersen, Asst. Sec. T- - . 1 - ' 1 JJ1.0. UiVUi A UXfllVK The Quarterly Conference of the Maricopa, Stake was held at Lehi, Dec 18th, 1889. Pres. Sarah M. Pomeroy presiding, her Coun- seiors were also present witn " tne rresident 01 the several branches. Of the brethren, C. 1. Robson. Stake Pres.. Coun. fL C. RoiTers; with ..; O Charles Allen and others. The opening ex-- ercises were iolloweu by verbal reports or the several branches by their respective Presidents; showing that all were feeling interested in their work and a ceneral feeling of unitv and fnitli- - fulness prevailed.7 Proo S M 7 ' PnmOrnTf onH llniiri a in tnn A- - dressed the conference, and gave wise and ... timely advice. fVnin- - TT C. Tincrera oalJ the vom q rL-tka.. sisters had called to his mind ideas which he had never before thought of. It 'seemed strange that we should be forgetful and careless of duties when such blessings were in store for the faithful: but thought forgetfulness wa3 planted in cur hearts that we might have it to overcome. Said this was one of ,the waste places of Zion,. was flattered that he had the privilege of assisting to build it u p. Brother Allen felt a cheering influence in our meeting, encoui aged the saints to live ' a . -- -- faithful. Brother Brimhall said our reward would be "Without the according, ito zbxir diligence spirit of the Lord we can do nothing, but with it our yoke is easy and burdens light." SisteraleDzuela (a ; Pima sister) spoke in .her native language, Sister Susan Savage interpreted. She bore a faithful testimony to the good spirit working in the hearts of her people. Pres. C I. Kobson spoke briefly, gave some instructions regarding the genei al fast day, from Paul on the subject. Said the quoted saint3 had been more faithful under trying circumstances than, when peace and prosperity reigned. remarks by S. M. Pomeroy, t Closing journed for three months ad- . r irIe5a,Jan.6, 1S90- .- F. E. Robson, Sec 1 UTAH STAKE. Minutes of the Relief Society Conference of w.uu oLae neia iov. 6Utn,r5sy. bister John presiding Vith her Coun. Marilla Daniels. Conference opened with singing and prayer, the reading of minutes of former conference, etc Sister John felt grateful to our Heavenly Father for health and strength to meet with us again, alluded to the good time we had at our last conference, hoped we should have the spirit of God with us today to guide us in what wejalddand-sa- y dents to represent their different branches over 