r 1 WOMAI'S , .t DA W . . But while you sing it speaks to me, ; I Of constancy and of truth, Then sing oh, stnj again tcrme; Those sweet old songs of our youth. ur itKeorganizaiion, AnnE; Mill Creek "Near C. p C. r:uj jc. 1 aiUf nmny metier, ueatime, u. E. weariea. ti. ALL WILL BE WELL. All will be well. I heard this blest assurance Flung o'er the borders of the unseen spheres. It gave me faith and courage and endurance to-stan- To walk serenely on and meet the years. Like the sweet voice of some consoling spirit, Down through the silence of the night it fell. My soul's fine ear was rightly turned to hear it: 11 - "Allwillbe well.' All will be well. Why should we ever doubt it? There were no blunders m creation's plan.' r When God's vast mind conceived and went about it, lie was not aided or controlled by man. The stars that move in such immortal beauty Through their appointed pathway seem to tell -- Ous qiiesUoRisg-souls'.f-wrtja'do 'OuY ITuXy, " "All will be well." " All will be well. Let not our hearts be troubled By pasMngdoudsdTshadows that may fall. JkVes must press bravely oft- - with faith redouWedr""" - The gloricms nd wilHtifyit-ail- . I believe that voice from heaven's porfal Clear as the utterance of a silver bell If spoke to me a truth that is immortal: "All will be well." . . " -- .L Ella "'Wheeler d and,,iipprecjatth'"manrble?sing3""that"T7e -- nave regardless of thasmilesancrTrbwns of our enemies and those who disregard the authority ...... oi tne priestnood. ; i a : - : HEPHZIBAH. XXIII. Written for Woman's Exponent. SING ME TII SWEET OLD SONGS OF -- YOUTH. Tbere One above who watches o'er us all, Who even hears the lonely raven's cry, He notes each little sparrow if it fall, And to the humble He is ever nigh. ; LUCY. TiUherJhaatbatbe'prayed-fervenlthitrtli- e way might be opened up for her to escape from this trial. She looked out into the deserted streets; all wa3 quiet; the stars were To MrsTS y's question Hepsie knew not what answer to make she wa3 so completely t&Ken stieieitas inougn she had Lurpri3e to turned stone. The last hope seemed gone: Mrs. . had told her sher was not dependent r n I i t tnat provision nad ocen made lor ner until Spring and ; ' thinWn7r And thoughts come rushing o''er my soul, That thou art not my own. ' ' i- - ;Z?LikllUncrHi&ioiBer-r- T " .:. 7 . shining out clear in the midnight sky. "What 8hdiLdo. whereshall-- -- X she exclaimed go?-- And instantly as it were a feeling of peace came over her, and she became calm; though she never closed tier eyes in sleep until the grey dawn of morning when from sheer exhaustion she fell into a profound sleep.T Mrs. S. was greatly troubled, and rising early she talked over the matter with the boys. .'Mrs. Harvey wiUnot go over the river with 3yhetrTf0tleTvjS thorough little saint, she believes implicitly auvbo,-She.:is- 'Twas sweet as songs of Summer birds, In tbeir forest waving home. ' " The dearest voice I ever heard Was thine, in those songs; thine own; Sing them not to another heart, To create such witching spell, " Nor pour such mellow music out, roM the songs I love so: well. But sing them love, once more to me, And breathe forth the same soft tone, Answering notes shall tell to thee, aiiatny-hear- t is all Oft I repeat those tender words : : aloud. Wilcox. Sing me the sweet old songs of youth The dear ones I loved so well; Sing them with all the love and truth, That once, chained me like a spell. Like blissful dreams it woke my hearty To pure loving thoughts of thee, ver its singing tones impart, - . in-th- e t 2. JSTo. - that could be offered ... .. i. . "But you cannot work, you have no money, you are too proud to ask assistance it is useless to remonstrate you must come with us, we cannot refund the means your, husband, invested in the business," for it i3 all gone." Hepsie waited breathlessly until Mrs. S. fiuished the sentence and then in the most positive tone and manner said, "leave my few -- thinirs Dut, I cannot co I nreferto die Years afterwards when the young wife recalled the scenes through which she passed at that particular time, she wondered at the courage which carried her through and felt perfectly sure that a power which she did, not then comprehend, sustained her in the midst of trials and difficulties such as few so young aro left to endure alone. That night before retiring Mrs. S. had finished packing bureaus, trunks and boxes, leaving only the necessaries for the breakfast; she spoke to Hepsie again in the most pleading manner, ".Let me put up your things too, I feel very tenderly for you, I never have had a daughter and you are so weak and nervous, and the boys promised your husband to take care of you until you could teach; come with us I'll do all I can to make you comfortable, and you can get good wages as a teacher in' Iowa as soon as you are well, do come with us I can't leave you here alone." r It was all to no purpose Hepsie was determined; she never forgot that night, slejejjehecouM lizetllHaOIrsT as well as the boys had the spirit of apostacy; she had already had an experience of that kind with Harold's mother, and she felt that she could face anything dear sisters while young, not allow our time to go to 'waste, as there is so much! for us to learn, and to do both in Fpiritnai-au- d not' trifle temporal' works; let it away on foolish and nonsensical objects, but in all our works keep our eye on the future, and ever bear in mind' that the manner in which we improve the present will have effect on our future condition and character. As w;e live in a very important age, an age teeming withevents, and if our lives arc spared, each of us will have aart,' and many duties to perform and without putting our trust in our Heavenly Father and asking for' his aid and assistance we will not be able the trials and the many temptations that we may be called to pass through. We should study to make ourselves useful by early habit3 that we may accustom ourselves to be agreeable and happy, that our every day duties of life win oe a pleasure: how much better and nobler it is toderive pleasure from imparting happiness to those around us, than to seek it indulgence of that. little selfish feeling which extends no farther than self, and has no other object than mere personal gratification. Let us cultivate independence of, mind,, to. .... a :n : n.7. iu uu :Ui mat vui uaic mspuu us viu ngiii, ii.t moral courage enough to shun evil examples, at all times realizing that the eyes of the great Got! are continually upon us. Let Us be wise Primaries, Belle White. Raleigh. Golden Wedding, M. A. T. is Well, Ella Wheeler Wilcox. Poetry:-- All Me Old Songs of Youth, Lucy. the Sweet Sing rnru c : c: i. iir - , ounon. iviLuaru iucoiugic us be useful my - me. AIM TO BE USEFUL. lXet o now not for anything . Aim to be Useful. Hephzibah... Time, Annie A Token inompson.:;: AnotheriKeiief-bociety- .of Respect, E; Crane .Watson. Our Mountain Home, Annie N, Bowrinjr.- - Primary Confer- ences, Evelyn Adams. R. S. Reports, Emery bnowflake. W. b. A. Annual Meeting Rich- field. An Address, E. Alice Hoy t. Notes and News. Hanging Portfolio. "V Editorial: The Church Property Question. Latter-da- y Saints' College. Historical Cantata. Interesting Meetings.., Comforting Words, M. Jl all Nations. CSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 15, 1890. CONTENTS. nn A The Rights of the Women of Zion, arid the Bights of the Women of Vol. 19. HI irivasndryerChm Jal Jike L&atattifiMrsid-not;repeat'".th'e- question then and Hepsie did not even ask an explanation. She sa wT preparation jyere being made during the next few days, and finally when nearly everything had been packed up Mrs. S. "ventured to "speak again. Vl'fl pack up your things Mrs. Harvey" she said "we are going very soon and you'll have to go too, for we can't think of leaving you here, the city is likely to be. burned by the mob." '' - Slowly and deliberately as if each word cost rargreat efforFHepsie ans;ejre(IlTrNo Mrs. S. T cannot go with you and leave rfauvoo; I shall stay-her- e if"Ixlie" m' the stfgetr" have left all that was near and dear to gather with the Saints, and I will hot forsake my religion l in the Prophet Joseph and in Brigham Younr:, such devotion I have never seen in one so young, my heart aches for her, what will become of herjeft here alone? Is there anything we cau me young men looked from one t o the other, an d find i ng no solu tioa i T "''V "TI"" r to tne question jzeKiei tne eldest a lawyer oi some repute said, "Well mother leave her something1 to eat, and I think after two or three days she'll come to us." 'No, she won't" replied Charles, "Harold said when he went away nts no use asking my wile to go with re- me, she would sooner die than give " "Its enough to make any lone belie ve that luormouism is irue, said JtiezeKian tne And it is true, interposed the younger. do-Doy- ' " a i s- TT ' , . j up-Ji- er li-i- on.' . motheriV .elLsuppose-itis,-w- e are-assa- h? over the river as we are here until the storms are all past," said the eldest. When Hepsie rose in the morning Mrs. S. repeated what' had been said thinking Hepsie might decide after all to go, but she remained i" 