a WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 150 have .never even hinted such a thing to him, Y have you mother? V most the mibister broke out anew you?, understand that' although wo are such shall not brook any but I "No Hepsie,1 near neighbors and friend.,belia3 never spoken , cited way, "how is it that your peoplo havo : , iu that matter halt of-taken away more-tbau- - to meKW :the ay--you congregawere ba plzed,-h- e Here the conversation ended either mother does not consider Mormon Upright and moral, tion? Your mother i3 at the bottom of, all ' ' ' Mbrmonism in of or daughter little realizing what lay before this, she is the strong pillar you know." o influence could and them in the near future. Preparations' were you hey "And that is more than a year "no w, and this place, nonsense jabput going to , hurriedly made for Hepsie and on? Monday giye living next house but one; well he must give become more morning, the open carriage came to convey her me he certificate therein no reason uhy he Kauvoo, and the village "might : ' - as it was to Beech woods. shoqld :jiot and'if he refuses I'll a,?k the Squire flourishing,' Her hear t was ill a great flutter, but her 'his word is as good. ... ago." mother knew at not, ou twardly- she was; cool v jje jjatcs !jiarmon3 juSt r3 much a3 "the years minister docs and his wife is far ''more ' bitter Hepsie appreciated fully the embarrassment! and dignified and away she; went to pass the than dear Mrs: M. in fact I do 'believe she of theT situation,' she could not retaliate, not j tryingjordealjofja spepifie; examination. jBhe asked nor even defend her own mother j she saw that had, np .idea what questions would-bwould have been " a believer in dnr doctrines and she who wpuld;be present. The Jittto wagpn drew "but for hi3T(irbiddin5 Irer "attend the meet Mrs. M. understood her1 difficulty d ' i a ire:" said 5 Its. II. in' be such knew her to a strong-mindethorughly up in front of an old farm house, she .recalled reply ' in a moment as the residence of the truiteetha "There is no time to loss" said Htpie I'll frooa woman, mat n was some renei lo sne wouia ne stouuy aeienaeu 11 sue coum; .iront door opened and in a moment more she th,cre. is nothing like trying go this very da usheretl into Van not believe in- failure; ; Mrs. II, knew once get away.' 8hel tried to say "good mom- square better thahvHcpsic' ow bitter the prejudice ,ing in me miust pi ine miuisitr a uamuguc, -- i j)arlor,7Wnere sat in siate awaiting ner f iUr. " r wat in the little vflle lor she had lelt it but it w&s quite 'impossible. Mernam himself. " ' last M. scene Mrs. at more keenly'siu'cc the larger number of con by put a stop to the ' be aware! can "Husband obstacle scarcely you verts; had left jbr Nauvoo, and one ' HREE'SCOKE AND TEN." the how are come to her had after another in feelings wounding way you prevent her selling 5cut and going where she could be dear child: she is not an3werable ;for' anTs of the mistakes made by the ; Mormons :and has Editor VosrAN's Exponent; amonc: me saints anu naye congenial society. Accordlni? to brevious arrangement a bnlv outcer intenuoa;ne nasteneu ihad nothing- to' do with! their leaving to goi. xiepiie carried ' au'd raihinster's uav iu xiauvuu. aw an imijf w immediately to the cottngo, number oi Dretnren and sisters met at tne: K. Mrs1. M. who was in the front yard among the came tor a she certiticate and ougut tcrnave; S. Jlall at I o'clock p. m.; Feb; 25tb, under lilacs welcomed her most tenderly, i'bo glad it at once. the auspices of the First Ward Relief Society, twas time in forV theV pu Hepsie By welled she sob could until another after had could; liaye "you finished?" iip their esteem for their beloved President-Sis- ter llepsle 'answer she asked. hair a dozen ;;&iore" questions no longer1 control her emotions. :Mfsi Mr put It. W. Tylerbeing :ihe seventieth 'anni' said ana invited ner in, duc nepsie aeennea saym rher arms around her tenderly and "pocr; versary of her birth." FresiderjtVTane Bickley ' she had so much to do, and had 'come over on with mind come me, you- shall of the Second Ward went with' her, buggy to hild, never minister. tho ".Tell see me to and first certificate now "have the "purpose they left the Sister Tye ' said 'MH.Mi eagerly hbw is your mother, for study together. Once out of the minister s her 'to visit" the sickVwhich was cheer'I pave the most' profound respect Tor her- and 'presence Hepsie ' ceased 6obbing and Mrs M.i fully complied with. Afterrequest visiting Voce sick. ''admiration ot'hermoral courage in' maintaining leaving her alone returned to the study; Mive lady, they drove to the Ilallwherei Sister Her position in: the faith for which she; has mi tiu ted after she came in with the little slip Tyler's family and friends awaited them. The ' ' 7 ifimade such: sacrifices.'' "1" of white "paper on which a few words were surprise:of this" ageliTmother:was Tlainly ,de-'. Hepsie realized the truth of these words and wriueu anu signea oy xuwaru morion, u. j.y picted on her countenance, and she was quite knew they came from the heart, with tears in Mrs.'M. handed the certificate to her and said- overcome with emotion at sight of so many her es arid thanking Mrs. Mt for her sympathy. while entwining her in her arms, "you aie a friends and assocjate brave gi rf andv deserve success, you know no w uemg requescea to preside,, tne meeung was is a;great thing called to order and her and that study and was inhered into the august presence to control yourself (Sister , ii.i , , . i i to of the lieverenu man. "Mils Hathaway, He'phe ne snan nave near you u i yeLDe-fender- s a ubu inateacner; proud hy rnwas - he sa id as - herose frora to m ee t " t b c donewell-an- d wilL Then? latiH'iire y of Zion." Prayer by Patriarch girl pale and trembling, 'have' you come back followed the usual good byes and 'remember Jonathan. Crosby, Binginif 0 Grod- Mr a Help." i" - V v; r renentant to ask advlcer me to ' your dear mother," and Hepsie Iflew Sister E. AW Hay k i n sin a neat a pp ropriato xyii quite a ditTerent down'the yard anlT out into- the7 great" wide "0,norI : have-co- me speech, presented bister lyier with a handmatter, it is lojsk; for a certiucate from you road. She could 'not go home until she re some a dress pattern "of fine black cashof moral character, I am engaged to teach at covered- her composure, her mother must not mere gift, as a token 6f esteem from heVsistefs and Beech woods and shall need one. : fresh had: knowwhat niora-- i transpired. iThe laborers. : The minister wa3li soon cooled heated air her brow whenf and ing with' nice tokens Sister,' lyler responded in said he, "you are only a child xurse!f and she came in to her mother's room shortly after. remarks thanking1 all present brief, much. m need of being, taught, you ; astonish' j no one would have guessed the struggle she had for jathetic their kindness-- ' and hoped -- to eonthrae, to me, a young girl in short dressss and a Mormon gone through. ' She held up' the paper and live in their esteemi, :ji to teach, yon will not tor a certiticate S re-"How did asking the minister MrsrHMnquired, ' The following committee'-viz- ; Sisters H. bb allowed to promulgate any of yon r Mormon, ceive you and how (is his wife and family? Baker, E. Jolly: R. Brijrs, H; M; Klwardi doctrines in a; New England sshooh" "OV'as Did he demur at all ' because you were a Mor-- , H. and IStdney arranged an "excellent pro-' tothatl know so little myself 'that would be' mon?" .f gramme, consisting of speeches, songs,' recita-tionL t quite.impossi ' "Not replied Ihe cirt'hekeVF etc., which was nexP in n drderV The 13 the more fortunate for you, that you about exactly seeing the 'Sqiiire first but Mr3. M. in speakers briefly referred to Sister' Tyler's assoknow so little but I must-iis- ul t wi! nVSqu i re en ciation with the, Church for fiftv-eizsisieu my noir naving to v;au. " V.abotit the certificate years, Fmljot sure it would bo and her labors Jn ,the3elief Society for ' the good Very kind ef her," replied j ihjnothprl thing Xq do. I was in hopes you proper "she is much superior to him in nobility of a icore ot years also having been a member - wou lanjome nomeuer Jimon &z of the first in Nainrnn.- - All cuarucier auu m personal aifainments;-tne- y: I Christian people with a change,:6f heart and :r couia never live on me salary he receives if, united in wishing her many happy returns of conveTtyGGrmc which she has fallen and become a member of she were, not always economizing and helping ine day. Alter these exercises & sumptuous r in various ways. repast was indulged in by all present Sister : , .'i the Church in which you might have sucli a "I'm sorry fori her and for all ministers Tyler was the recipient of a beautiful cake great and poweiful iullueuce, that aeeds the made by Sister E. WV Hawkins--preen- ted on help arid support of just such lefioed "and wives that I've ever seen, the 7 husband "."Treta a nice glass cake stand a gift from ..Sister" J. edcuceted ' youug women." "All this time the honor and the wife contrives. to, manage a cake, with the year, name, and poor Hepsie was trembling hnd shiveriug,'; not the house and does half the brain work: the: Bickleyalso in candy letters (made by, her daughter). best half too; hope if Ireyer marrv it, will age EpeaKing out as. sne ' wouia nave uonetimd Both cakes were nicely frcWd' and adorned she not wanted the certificate. Her heart not be a minister," Hepsie retorfpd sharply, r was bursting with iudiguation,"yet he; must" candy, mottoes, etc "I b ope you 1 1 marry a Morm on Elder a nd ' lia borne of the excellent feoast was "conveyed theleast seemingly disrespectful not be in devote yourlife and taleuts to the Latter-da- y to the ?TsicE After Vbeint'' torthei"'seVeriI lest she should lose the little item ca taner work," said Mrs, H, enthusiastically. , I V J hours "and thut was to be so much to her. Finally after T"Wait until we sro to' be; remembered more prelsihg interrogatories, and Assurances by those presenta hymn was shall not marry nil til I'm t w en t or more Mrs.fM. from that she would cet thecertificatp axiapenediction; pronounced by ratnarca U no mygu ardian-w&- u H. Tyler, and all dispersed to their homes. the next ' he'll stop my going; toNauvct) if he can; I1 -.- . ',- "It possessed, and turned to leave the study, when is about the certificate from the minister, in-th- ex- - e in-feren- - my -d- " per-hapst- . s up-thi- 1 -bef- -- ore--those-rantmgr -- . . - - : . ; 1 e ! m tas - T-d- o of-'this- old-fashione- d : : taiu ,uj, -- :tii tears,-one-grea- ' - f ; V ; 1 ; . iuje-UAsKik- -- few-ta- ble - . -- - - s, blereplieOlepsiei.-I- ht , ; , s ay-earJimeii- orp-anizatin- - ; . -- 1 J I ? - ; - . haviofr'-anenfovabletimeTlo- hto - y-o- nc dayjlajtQ AM-ahnaSecreta-- Vc ce 