1 W OMAN'S EXPONENT . nock Stake, said they labored under great disadvantages in visiting through their Stake, as they had to cross the Snake River, and sometimes in boats as it could not al w ays be forded.she had visited all round this year in July, the sisters fhere tried to live up to their privileges. Mrs. Clara Beecher reported Cassia Stake as in very good condition, said "we have a noble President in Sister Louisa Haight." Coun. Martha Hammond of K. S. San Juan Stake said we hold our Conferences twice a year and change them here and there to permit Jail to have an appbrtunity'of attending the conferences. We have long distances to travel and not so many privileges as those who live nearer, but we have many good sisters and they are - de' sirous of doing a good work. Mrs. Mary E. Farr Sec. R.S.'St. John's Stake said the sisters there were energetic in doingalL they could to aid the human family, "our sisters have not the privilege of the presence of the leading sisters not even once in a while, it would be good if we could have them, the Stake has been visited just recently, our conferences are held y, we are not as rich as some but we are trying to live our religion." r JVlrs. Louisiana Heppler reported R. S. Sevier Stake, and gave a good account of the condition of the Society there, said the sisters love spirifua food, we are very near something, some crisis! exhorted the mothers to prepare themselves to answer all the questions the children ask, she' had traveled in company with the Pres. of Y. L. through the Stake just before coming to Conference, and had heard the young women speak of their great desire to become honorable mothers; many of our people have music in their homes which is very inspiring, and the associations have manuscript papers; our girls will work hard during the "summer season to get means to go to the Richfield Academy, spoke of her own large family; and her ardent desire to see them all do7 ing right. Mrs. Ann Elizabeth Webster Pres. of R. S. Cedar City reported the R. S. of Parowan Stake, there are 5 branches, we change our Conferences . semi-annuall- w from.place:to-jlacelternately- sorrowing, spoke of the storing of grain, said she felt proud to be associated with such good sisters gave some of her experiences in crossing the plains in the handcart company; exhorted mothers to diligence and firmness for the right in dealing wi in tneir cniioren, spoke parti -npoirthe necessity oFhonesty and truthfulness. Mrs. Elizabeth Yates Pres. R. S. Millard Stake "we have a good band of sistersnnited and trying . to do their duty, visiting the sick, the poor and the sorrowing, jojirettlements are veryJfar apart but wristruet our ofexers and teachers in their duties in separate meetings. Apostles F.M. Lyman and H. J. 'Granrhave recently visited us and ' given us just the instructions we needed j there-habeen a great improvement in the sisters the . last two years." , s J'resina-YouQg-presented-so- such a time since the days of our Savior. How among the :jews,!jMohammedans: and nominal many mpthers realize the responsibility of their Cliristiaris,T but particularly 'among' the Moham- - ' family ; sometimes when I think: of it I feel al' medans;r' Arid this needs' td beJ seen before any-- " most as if I should dissolve! mothers take 'care one;can appreciates the1 wonderful changes that the of your-sonmake ihem strong to resist temp--' principles of Christianity1 'have7 wrought in' this1 r. Ut tation, and your daughters that they may be pure "i!i:"'i'i'-Ika respect.' and wise and prudent and become better The'adVenV of a boy in an Oriental family is mothers through 4 your training and example arid corigratula- -' always' the occasion of Sisters in the Society go on and build your houses tioris. Friends from' farrejoicings arid neaf'oh this becasfoti' and hold your meetings and you will be blest; give expression to. their feelings of pleasure. But5 when I hear the sisters say they go out hundreds of when t 3 gift Ts borri;4 there are' no outward miles to visit, I feel they are blessed of thLord, 'of joy in the family arid nor congratulations' fromt it is a work of love, let us be patient and joyful friends. AlPare f silentl '"Only k ;Girn"i! The' and tender, be willing to sacrifice; well might event is not(J worthwhiie mentiohirig.1' .Vdmen' the Joseph Prophet say "elect ladies'' if he could and men in those 'strdngef asterri::c6untries "feel look upon these noble women that are here as?:.n alike upon this subject' c'f"c W, sembled.; Sisters strengthen the Primary Asso. I never came across a family the head of which ciations and the Young Ladies' how many times thought-thehad too many boys, but on more of the saying "I f-- ye love me feed my than one occasion I met people who gave me to ' . s, . , ; i , y I-t- hink iheepiiitis-tlie-spiri- thatis-restin- t g uport-me-- by day and by night. Sister Zina then spoke very impressivly in the gift of tongues. Dr. Barney gave the interpretation. Mrs. Ann C. Woodbury Counselor R. S. in St. V'" George Stake represented the organizations,'said that in visiting with President Ivins they found some who were' remiss, and needed encouragement and they promised to do better in attending to their duties, the blessing of the Lord was'with them -- when interest of the Society; spoke of the discouragements they had in trying to raise silk, said they had every natural facility, the climate, the mulberry trees, and the boys and girls to work in it, but lacked the money necessary to make it a success. ? Mrs. Ann Tate Cor. Sec'y of Tooele R. S. represented that Stake, said Tooele and Grants-vill- e organizations were irigood condition but the smaller ones were behind and needed building up. ;TMrsTXmmaBfolvn res. Wasatch R. S . spoke, of the blessings they had received in that Stake and their good conferences, all was prosperous. Mrs,, Emeretta Randall was asked to represent Weber Stake but excused herself, and said she ielt-welia: the Gospel ndspokeloquenlly-i- n: i the gift of tbngueSjSister Zina Young interpreted. The secretary Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball spoke of some mistakes, changes had been made and the matter not referred to the General Presidency of the Relief Society, branches should refer to the Stake Presidency and she hoped the sisters would come to a better understanding of these things. One of the advantages of the organization is that -- 4hey-traveled-in- -the zz: - we maybecomedisciplined anddiscipliniarians and we cannot do this unless we observe order, and in this we learn to do things correctly. , Trie - President- - then - made- - some closing re marks,said comfort the weak and strengthen their hands, we have had an excellent Conference the last few days, it is the testimony of all I've heard speak that it was the best Conference we ever had, and the united support and confidence in business, said each President should report the There never was a time when the Presi times of holding the Conferences in her Stake to and the Twelve were so united as they are to1 the Cor. Sec'y. Mrs. E. B. 'Wells, so that we day and we shall go on and increase until the viccan arrange for visiting and be prepared to do so. - Spoke to the sisters in "regard to "sustaining their tory is ours. Conference adjourned until April 1890; sing- paper the Exponent, "through its columns we can speak to each other, and to the world, can ''Lord dismiss' us with thy blessing." know how each Society is prospering and make" Benediction by Mrs. E. B. Wells. ; our work more uniform. Every President of the Relief Society should take it and use her influ- ence to have it sustained by others. It is our E-- O R I E NTt jJTH EJkY03IENIN-T- H Fatheryoyjybj "noooTto organize us and we should honor our -- position arid seek to improve. The President earnestly entreated the mothers to take more pains to teach and encourage their children in the principles of their religion. "This is the time times among the nations, never has there been : understand that theft thought Proyidence had not been entirely kind to them, seeing that they had more girls than boys among, the; children.!"' And one mother she had five; caughters-r-oCere- d me, as a present a dark bright looking, little :gir( with; jet black hair and browr eyes, which offer, 1 regret to say, Lhad, to respectfully decline. .? ,( There is a natural cause ,for; this, peculiar feeling towards the, girls. These are entirely; con- -, : fined to the duties of.tjiejiouse or toyiheje.sslre-- . murieirtve"work, while Jo the boys the. opportunities of mingling with life in all its features They are, thereby enabled.to earn a living) for themselves and for; the parents, which they, very frequently dp., for , it ,can not be denied that children as a rule are affectionate to their; parents. And not seldom the boys make all .the 1 living for the family,, The girls on the other hand have no chance except, to attend to attend to the! domestic duties and .fetch- a price on f the-- matri- -' f , ; ; . , , ; , are-open- . : . - , $ f strength. .- - ns-.-i- -- 1 ltemsof; JheQfficiaLDeclarationofhePresident-wasindicative of its me 77 It is well known .that in the Orient, the boys, have to give for ..theirs brides au?equivalentl;in! money: or other, valuables. fi:The price M argifl varies very much j according nto circumstances Has the girl a fair complexion dgrcefullx deC veiopea iorm sne wm De Held in high price. But if she is dark and nbterywell 'developed,1 she is as likely to be left as not; ?dr the parents will have to give her away:;2o6Tl 'was told was the regular price for a gooHlbolang rgirl in a little village situated one day's Journey north of Ter- usaiem considered high'iathaF3 must be remembered,1 however,- that place. It ...w r.v,w. v &.. nuv ia iuiuc marnea are to to endow their daughter with 'supposed prop the bridegroom, erly in value equal to tne-suJiasrpaid ior her.Fnie bargammQurits therefore really to a trade and1 nothing more: iLmust also ' be added that the parents" usually keep one third ' of the property that was 4fo Have been conveyed over to the bridegrooni witb the (bridern' ifase he should prove faithless and abandon his" wife This reserve fund, if I:so: inay'dall iiMj&tklogL , 1 -iu- e-price;WasT - - m "'felted. lsiv:tit-,'ii,iirt-.- - The intellectual -- mmsl: l.i .train! rig of the girls is ge n eraU il r neglected. They are ;very seldom taught to read ana write,, ine lower classes. Of ithe M01 -hammedaris can probably not be found a woman who has mastered the intricacies of the Arabian alphabet. "It is somewhat : better in this respect among the Jews and the various 'Christian' sects Among the.se 1 freq'uently ' met with ladies wlin ' could read their respectiyVlanguages. 'ncih Even on the religious domain the women seeriiJ- -- to take a backseat.' fThe bolv1 book hf: hammedans Has very few provisibns 'ior !women all common to be seems to nations over It Inever saw a Mohammedan w)maa 'bray afiJ' whom the principles of Christianity have either though men are frequently seen, praying Boihvm1 ' all or influence a no at only partial influence, to the mosques and in; .lheirhoines.yrfTh'eJ d'utvof a women the to place of unwarranted in- assign: !' ':!)t men. feriQrityJKthinJih only large. This is teadil jr seenJInjtlgrienUboth,; - ; ; ! ? J tiL -- " - on-th- 1 ! ; ''"'!'.'?. 