J WOMAN'S ICQ EXPONENT 0. all musicians are friend recently toldme-r-th- at less then SehuraannV madness noro or insane, is full. of consistency and method. But he died before middle age pf morbid insanity, his brain being unable to 'sustain the stress of romanticism which his disposition and tempera-pen- t brought to bear upon it. It is unnecessary to give any further examples of the romantic composers. There are as many different genres in musical composi- t ion as there arestyles of writers in the history of .fiction; gypsy, Spanish, and Norwegian innsic; character music, like Gottschalk'a uegro -"xnelodicaV with" their banjo and tambourine ac- -. corapaniment represented;-o- d lhepianoand and refined beautiful of all, Chopin's "highest piano composition of the purest national charac- ter (Polish.) . : . For she has loved you dearer far, Than alMhe A?or!d beside;" Then strive dear children to obey Our Lord whaje'er betide. 7hri8?. IJJTZ'L ; ::ZLZ rZ.: TO. SUDSCRIDERS OF THE : W on the TO .AXjXj EAST WEST, NORTH and SOUTH of ?ix cities in Norway. twenty. lectures in the principal Western cities . next fall. - Clara Bartdn has investigated ON SALE PRINCIPAL POINTS Frank Leslie will deliver a series of ISSUE. Y - . . Herald la now the largest, brig h lest and- most, enterprising paper published In Utah. It consists of 8 pages, and Js shortly to bo Th IlerSld publishes the most standard cum nt stories by special arrangement with the authors; containing many illustrated features; has the exclusive rights to, Bill Nye's letters; maintains a regular telegraphic correspondent In Washington, and receives weekly letter from the celebrated correspondent Frank O. Carpenter. Special attention Is paid to market reports and agrl cultuml news; and a prominent feature will be made of leUgiousnews, the tabernacle services being regularly reporte!, while prominent sermons of the leading church authorities are given in full. In politics, The Herald stands as It has ever stood, the firm and champion of the rights of the people of Utah. Semi-Week- ly - nn-deviat- ing AT- - tho suffering UNION TICKET IOFFICK, m South lJakota, and says that there is urgent need of immediate help. Pundita Ramabai, with ten other women were delegates to tho Fifth National Congress The Premium Distribution for 1890 :J Main Street, SaltV. Lake : :- - - j. of India. City. PARKER, Asst. Genl Pass. Agt. Will be on a grander scale than ever before, Aggreatlos: la value over Fifty thousand women are reported as hav ing voted at the school elections recently held . B.ETH01 OS in Kansas. Many women were elected on the school board. .bfthebestwpmenljouruaiisUinlDdiaoa- recently succeeded to the managing editorship of the lerre xlaute (lnd.) JSews. early In April. Prize No. 1 is an upright "Fischer piano,, worth lamented by Tscr husband, cmldren andlfnends. She has. years with disease of the stomach but ; when at the Temple she was baptized for her health and under the hands of the Elders she was healed immediately."" Her strength has been greatly taxed in the. past few months with much sickness in the family, her husband and little daughter both down at the same time with fever. She waked on them both night and day until she was worn out. her heart became so weak j she was obliged to take to her lied, and gradually sank to rest to await the resurrection ; morn. ALmira Raymond, Pres. "M. A. W. Spiers, Sec. ' S TWO JLlTTLE DAUOHTEt.ST Dear little ones dry cp your tears And look to God above,' . , : j - 7 ' SALT LAKE CITY. the list are several hundred dollars in gold 71 in smaller: purses, while: included in the 1 500 prizes are sewing machines, mowers, vreapers, rifles, photos, steel engrayirigs, . encyclopedias, toilet sets, fruit trees, shade trees, dishes, stoves, books, etc., FIFTEEN HUNDRED IN ALLI Special to the Indies. -s- suflcred-fo-r ly . . The Leading Retail It has pleased an allwue Providence to taVe from our midst our dear Sister Caroline Anderson Folk man the beloved wife of C. O. Folkman, of.Plain:aty, Weber Co., who departed this life Jan. 35th, 1890. Deceased was born March. 17th, 31838, at Christianland, Norway. She received the Gospel as taught by the Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, In her native land a when quite young girl. Emigrated to Utah with her brothers and sisters and was married to Brother parents, C. O. Folkman in 1862. Sister Caroline was for years a Teacher ia the Relief Society and was very kind to the sick -- and to" sustain poor in her districts She trove-faithfully her family while her husband was away on liis several missions fo Scandinavia. She has also done a good work for her departed reWives in was the mother ofeiht children three of whom are living, one son a young man and two little girhw I Icr demise Ecml-Week- ' ' - -worth $200. 7 Prize No. 3 is a Bain wagon, worth $175. Prize No. 4 is a lot in Garden City, worth $150. Prize No. 5 is a yearling heifer worth $125. ' Prize No. G is a purse of $100 in gold, and. in J ; IN MEMORIAM. 5000.00j Being distributed among all subscribers to the $500 cash. HER ': . SALT LAKE HERALD, W. S. The - There are eleven women included TO THE " SEMI-WEEKL- Queen Victoria is anxious to' establish a censorship of the iunglish press. ... Mrs. Harriet Bcecher Stowe is rapidly Hearing life's close. - i 5 Plain Gty, March , Mrs. BY Mr A. -- Pies 111 GIVEN AWAY That you may meet her in that land, W here all is peace and joy. Where all the Saints will be at rest, " . And nothing can annoy : ' $0000.00 , ' ; NOTES AND : NEWS. eehool boards i For He will grant you needed strength To join the one you love. AT WU1 bo rWhl,wlll Jjftfetrlbnted subscribe for TPE A. S D EL'S TIi:E3 found tho latest stylos and piodoctlons - in ' .... CESBUOHES -- RIBBONS, . . EHBRODERIES COLLARS,, TIES hebjlld. Price 83.00 per yar . Send tor a descriptive catalogue free. THE HERALD Co.. And an elesranl assortmenf of DBT GOODS: 8reclal department for Ladles'' Misses' and oboes. 112, 1H, 116, 118 EastJTempU Street In-fant- V Salt Lake. 'a . Officers: fOHjr T.Caiste, President, Hebee J. Graxt, Horace G. Whixwet, Business Manager. Vice-Preside- TAMES XD-AJVT- ID Ss CO. TlfiflERS CAS.VVATER & STEAM FITTERS rSTAgentf&f RUSISEYi celebrated Y.lFTnrt PTJMP3. Pampt Repaired oa Bhort notice ani n cormry prompuy responded to. mm-US- BIT Sw 881. 61LX IIRECTOES: Francis Armstrong, j w. w. Biter, Jcius F. Wells, UXlJcOT.;..L'-- l Chas. 8. Burton, - . W. II. Howe, S. P. Teasdel, -- vnn.-x- r nt. E. U. WooLLrr, ? Jas. 8habi fz - 