wed. J WOMAN'S - EXPONENT. 172 fate was asked one lovely afternoon when they were sauntering through the meadows, just as .the sun. was caily liirhtiut? up the Western sky. Haro-1- had been is ar very poetic wood'p and very tender withal after the fashion ot an ardent admirer, of which Hepsie had not the slightest practical idea, and' when he asked her if she loved him well enough to be his wife, she looked down and sighed, she knew not .. what answer to make and in placa of any re ply he caught.her in his arras and kissed her passionately, and declared he could hot live, if 2 ebeTefus Ilepsie struggled Ins herself to free from embrace, she knev not "whWtoTayfit was true that she was fascinated felt more by his charming presence; but she ' .. like weeping than rejoicing, she begged him to give her time to think it all over, it had been so sudden, such- - a surprise, she had not dreamed of any declaration. She could ' scarcely bel ie ve it was true. r"I ; musf see mjr mother," she said, "she will understand better than I do, I cannot answer now, school has not closed yet, there are many things tobe considered, 0, no I cannot marry stranger, you must not come again Hiy heart tells me so." Harold replied with tho firmness of one who knew his influence, "ilepsie you are mine now, if love can make us one, but I will' not come again, since you will have- it so, good night, I'll not go in," by this time they had reached the door, ' "good night," he elasfd her to his a' moment, bounding heart and was' gone-in- ' she had not spoken again,- she listened to the as as he :rode away , sound oLthq Worse's lioo in the still, calm twilight, and she felt as though all wa3 over; stealing quietly into her room she threw herself down, upon the bed and wept bitterly! the great round moon shone in upon the bare floor, and the, shadows of the tall elm trees, were like ghosts to her weird imagination. Bye and bye sleep came to her relief and the- - niormng;t'ound her calm and sel possessed, " Ai breakfast" Farmer Pearce, who was a man.ofvcrv fewword3said, "Miss Hathaway you were late coming in from your -- ; -- . - - , - Jf - shej-eally-had- - non-committ- al. lacka-'daisic- al . - :- ': -- -- for-supp- i t I ft i ort, -- over-persuade- , . , alHhe-'arrangeme- uts -- . . - , : - rose-hue- d a-sa- crifice ' ; t . o-Nauvoosoonf-and-I ; -- e , ; new-foun- knew Mr. JI. had been " unceremoniously, dismissed and that Farmer Pearce would not allow him to come there, and1 he intimated deep, for he had also Jhat hi3 love was not very paid his addresses tot- another young and of ladv, "one" of vour ' friends iHepsie your faith too." Evidently lie expected-th- is would rouse. Hepsie's indignation, or1 jealousy of her, more than she was equal to"' prean affection for Harold;- - but form. Itr was a frequerit"remarkof Mrs7 Not Harvey's "I'm surprised you have such shift-les- s he failed; the girl was even the old. farmer or hi3 wife could find ways, with all our. money. I would not have brought up a girl in such an idle out, whether she was in love or not. Mean manner a3 yoa have been. while Mr. B. pressed his attentions upon her though he mnst" have known she disliked him,' he expected to win in the end Joy persistency ' WOMAN'S ' WORKS. i as many lovers had done. Before school closed Miss H. had recieved two or three letters from Miss Reynolds in . I do not beliete woman desires to.'rise above reference to Harold and one anonymous one man, or usurp any of his rights. ' And would the opposers of 'Woman's Suffrage furnish warning her to beware of young Harvey. Slid knew the handwriting however though thq every lady .with an upright intelligent, sober, author had sought to disguise it. She only working husband they would be willing to answered one letter but- that' was shown to stand by his side as his counselor and educator Harold and confirmed him in his determination of his children. But let us take ar glance around the world, to marry her. ' We have not space to tell all the tumult of emotions; that pervaded the heart and see her true condition. If it be across of Hepsie: during ihe last three weeks of the ocean or in our own loved land, we find women school. , It was . a curious experience for so not by the hundreds or thousands, but by the millions thrown 'on their ownTesonrces' young a girl. Her sister Mrs. S. and others young girls homeless with t parents had heard of the young stranger's visits and 1 had visited her to warn her against marrying unable to provide for them, wives widowed a "Mormon." She had Tnade up ' her mind by death or desertion or worse still husbands d that she would not be either who fail to support them, and they,' left to'pro-vid- e for their families. .Then if wotnan mast ' . way, and each conversation she had with friend or relative, alwavs resulted in a flood of teais. take equal responsiblitie3 with man, should she hot have equal rights. . School closed at last' and Hepsie .returned There are many positions in which she gives iiuiuu luciuaumug uy auu grauuaiiy sue was let iuto the 'secret, her own seercf, thatshev was as good satisfaction as a man for instaDco.in the schoolroom, in the sales room, or to be married. r; It. was qnite understood, every as -iyjJe setterrand in many other placesof gvlq knew --except .herself had been 'Harveys were going to Nauvoo and many: the rocky hill, anil by the bve young Harvey other families from adjoining villages. There is a. Mormon, and though his father is an old seemed to be a special Providence in this friend of mine, yet on your account I can't affair and, everything tended in -- the direction encourage His vTsits"fe:MrrBeameil 'charged of the unioniof -- Harold and Hepsie. Had me to keep Mormons away from you, I'm sorry Jhegirhbeeom for Harold, he's marriage might never have been solemnized felt 6o embarrassed she cbuld not speak, but but it was all managed as it werewithout Mrs. Pearce came t o th e ; r eseu n 1 her cool "common consent:" Hepsie had argued with Mlet her Mis3ZIHathawaylonat-hu-shemother : thus "it will mar all my, plans for way knows how to' take care of herself, and- as for future action, everything, will have to be Mr. Beamen he put her in our careand- Pll changed henceforth, all ' tho golden vision of answer for't she'll, cot fall in love with neither my future? my ambition to become his , nor Bancroft with, an author, must be buried in oblivion.? polishes, young Harvey neither; I know sometbin about girls, she's And she reasoned with herself, "Will his love no fool." After this defense Hepsie felt exbe sufficient to compensate me for' all that I cused from, any reply, she went toherroom to have looked forward to, the dreams of my dress sfor schcol and Farmer Pearce; went out .child-life- , the ambition of my girlhood." She -but therdejirroidlafc wM.notnite.fiatisfiedf it was dike "HepsieTfid after all. . A quiet wedding in a country village, the very fond of you Miss Hathaway, and he. thinks you're too good for, Mr. Bancroft he likes one where Hepbzibah was born aud where young Harvey, only you know his folks are three generations of the family had taken an Monuons7 rich as they are, and they mean to active part. The morning was very beautiful; and ferventwere , the congratulations many Harold to get ii im a wifo and go along with the villagers "and friends, and yet there ,was JjimlHepsia-Iia-Jiard- work to kee)2 eiil lr a ;degreeef disappdintment It was but she could hot talk about it. "I must go not whathad been expected,apparent. for many friends tiowMrfif..4.' Pearce don't worry about me; I had foretold for her a brilliant future. never was like other people; andjl can't please seemed inconsistent that -- she should It really marry everybody either." young and settle down like other people to ' Hepsie was very much dissatisfied with common-placpursuits. herself, and she thought over and over what lTwas strange that after the ceremony was 1 had She felt she was in no wise; over, and the people. had dispersed, for there j trausjed. was neither wine nor; wedding cake, or "a marresponsible for the coming of this young man, nor had she tried to win his love: she had feast." of any kind: it was very" wanted companionship to be sure and everv- - riage that the bride should have chosen of allstrange places thing had seemed to turn the tide of affairs in m the world to tako Haroldjbraramblellol his favor. .She felt a little lonely when she Lne paternal mansion' it was not exactly in -goi- keeping with bridal garments, but it proved to be a premonition of the future. Harold .was enthusiastic, m expressing his d happiness, but Hepsio coujjl not rejoice. She' cou 1(1 only see the old house as it had been, her grand-p- a sittingjby the fire or under the shade of the elms, and feel his hands upon her headcaressing her in the most endearing terms. Soon after the marriage the young couple took up their abode with Mr. and Mrs. Harvey, who were busy making preparations' for gathering t with the Saints to Nauvoo. thought that he would not come' to Beech woods again, and a trifle piqued too. Mr. Bancroft renewed his attention following her about so that she decided not to take any mure',r walks" niuch" as'Thc needed the change. He gave her to understand that he The question that decidedtHepbribah's -- .irn&ty hut is ihe.jecompened-wit- h equal salary?-- : No! for the same work, she receives from 1 to less pay. But the majority of women are not prepared .foranyof-thes- e positions and must eke out a- ; meager living oy earning a -- theardtro'ojgefyr Then i3 it to wondered rnerepiiianceai " V'-'l'-- at, that her more fortunate sisters seek to help lift her burdens, to alleviate her wOes and clamor for equal rights and laws, that the training and education of the child should be self suporting. For, a woman who can face the world and feel herself equal to any fate that may befall her is richer, than if she posessed government be,, . , bonds. ' "Woman's cause is just and will eventually succeed. Then let us as a band ofsisters. not tire in the good work-hare inBtr: beignni'r'btl t'TQaBfcfe- onward, ever onward tin til success crowns our united efforts and right wins the day. hYDlA IjUND we ' : , The Value of Detached Ideas! That de-- . pends u non whoso ideas th p.v a tp whpth er the idea is one of Shakespeare'sTiiyriads, or of Oia iuontaine thousand, nr Hnnnn's or Pascal' or Goethe's hundreds, or Emerson's scores an idea" that cantstndhv if self, an idea which is like a rose from your garden, nuivu uucs nut neeu me garuen liseix 10 e hance its beautv: an idea which is like a beau tiful pillar from a Greek temple, more than an ordinary temple itselffor a .temple i only a place for worship, whilet this is a thfn- - to i WOrshlD for its Tho trnlnp nf this hpnf. of beauty and the love of beautywill stand: ttioDg as ineworia standsn Womanls-- . 'Cycle. tt ; 