.110 of men and not of the Government; and we inwhile established to regulate Christian conduct, tend, by the help of Ominpotence, to remain firm are . purely ecclesiastical, and their punitive in our. fealty and steadfast in. the maintenance of powers fro no further than the suspension, or. ex constitutional principles ana the integrity of this communication of members from Church fellow Editor. EMMEL1SE D. WELLS, , . Republic. ship. We earnestly appeal-tthe American press and That this Church, while offering advice for the In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: Published No life. of in all conditions ne copy one year, ?i.00; oue copy six months, 5Gcts. welfare of Its members people not to condemn the Latter-da- y Saints un-- i i i i. i i i .eduction roade for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, does not claim or exercise the right to interiere ncaiu. iviusi vc auva)s ue juage.j Dy the misxtra for postage one year, 25 ets. ; . ' with citizens in the free exercise of social or politi representations of our enemies, and never be acAdverlWn nttes: -- Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ' in Terri this ballot a fair opportunity of representing our corded cal rights and privileges. The space, one time, 52.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal discount selves? o regular advertisers. tory is absolutelyuotrammeled and secret. No Kd. RSfTloffl.ee.: .25 Exros m iu iue name 01 justice, reason and humanity, ate cast of Dcseret News Office.""" Business hours f fOit 10 .m we ask for a suspeqsion of national yaded by the Church or any of its officers. Free -- -to 6 p.m. every dayj except .Sunday 7 until a full investigation can be had agency and direct individual accountability to God judgement Address all business communications to .' -- ..J .11.1.. '.. . . ... r. are among the essentials of our Church doctrine. vyhu udi 15 caiica the PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, "Mormon" question can be known. And we ap-- . All things in the Church must be done by common Salt Lakk'Cjty Utah. and no officer is appointed without the. peal to the Eternal Judge of all men and nations to Ejitercd O(flciiJSalL Jike City, Utah, as "consent, aid us in the vindication of our righteous cause. vote of the, body. 8 scorn I Claxi Matter. We declare that there is nothing in the ceremony Wilford Woodruff, 1 obliin or of the 'Endowment, Georoe Q. Cannon, any doctrine, tenet, N'UARY I i8qo Salt Lake City, gation or injunction of this Church, either private Joseph F. Smith. to is be hostile or intended hostile tne Church ot Jesus Christ of orpublic,which "" A Happy New Yeai Latter-daOn the y States. United Government to the Saints. ofjhe commanddivine under are its members Lorenzo Snow, contrary, OFFICIAL DECLARATION. ment to revere the Constitutionas a heaven-in- Franklin D. Richards, : s pired instrument an do be y as supre m e all laws BrighamToung, Salt Lake City, made in pursuance of its provisions. Moses Thatcher, December 12th, 1889. Utterances of prominent men in ihe Church at r rancis m. Lyman, To Whom May Concern: a time of great excitement have been selected John Henry "Smith, - In consequence of cross misreoresentations nf and c?trrouned. to convey the impression that ' George Tea sd ale. the doctrines, aims and practices of the Church j present members are seditious. Those expres- Heber J. Grant, than when more made were of Jesus Christ cif Latter-da- y sions thirty years ago, Saints, commonly John W. Taylor, called the "Mormon'.' Church, which have been through the falsehoods of recreant officials,' aft er- M. W. Merrill, r have-receforto were T demonstrated and sent A wards Tl fIXTT-been years, promulgated bebaseless,trqops J . J 'J . .. it. revived for political purposes and to prevent all to this Territory and were viewed by the people.in iliuAHAM ri. CANNON, aliens, otherwise qualified, who are members of their isolated condition, fifteen hundred miles Members of the Council of the Apostles. the "Mormon" Church from acquiring citizenship from railroads, as an armed mob coming to renew John W. Young. we deem it proper , on behalf of said Church to' the bloody persecutions iof years before." Daniel H. Wells, At that time excitement prevailedand strong publicly deny these calumnies and. enter our proCounselors. v .. ... test against them. language was used; but no words of disloyalty Wo solemnly make the following declarations, dgainst tne uovernment or its institutions were "A Happy New Year" to all the friends, patrons " vizi:. . uttered; public speakers confined their remarks and readers of the Exponent. May it be a proto denouncing traitorous officials who were prosblood with the utmost abhorrence. That we resperous one to the Saints and to all those who are tituting the powers of their posiliohs to accompiish nefarious ends. Criticism of the acts of United working for the good of humanity at home or gard the killing of a human being, except in concfawmflTfrefe" formity with the civil law, as a capital crime which States offj.ciajs " o " out doubt be and is it now, as treason against the nation nor as many great important changes, for a after work the trial of before advancement goes on criminal, a legally contranspiring, public hostility to the Government. In this connection "' and stituted court of the Knd. the of ancient and modern we may say that the members of our Church have prophecies all the and seers to stories told about the never offered or intended Kotwithstanding prophets, revelators, are being and will offer, any insult to continue to be fulfilled. There is always a sort of Killing 01 apostates, no case oi this kind-has- . ever the flag of our country; but bave always honored sadness mingled with the joy which is awakened it as the ensign of laws and liberty. occurred, ana or course has never been established against the Church we represent. Hunin the heart by the advent of the New Year. We also declare that this Church, does not dreds of seceders from the Church have con- - claim to be an independent, temporal kingdom, of One cannot but tremble a little in- - crossing its onA tinunnslv rpsirW! in i; nA k. t-1 -- v. v. iu iuia. threshold knowing not what it will bring with it. erruory, God, 0 r to be an impcrium in imperii) ai m i ng to 'j v. .uUW,ua,tauiaHlu The writer hopes and most fervently too , that this overthrow the United States or. any other civil wealth though bitterly hostile to the "Mormon" faith government'. It has been organized by divine New Year 1890 may bring greater prosperity to and people. Even those who have made it their revelation preparatory to the second advent of the the Exponent and an increased circulation, so business to fabricate the vilest falsehoodsand to Redeemer. It proclaims that "the kingdom pf that it may be able to appear in a new dress be reader them plausible by culling isolated passages heaven is at hand." Its members are commanded fore the end of the present year. from old sermons without the of God to be suDject unto the powers that be until explanatory conhave and suffered no text, v opportunity to escape Christ comes, whose right it is to reign. The story we publish in this issue has taken so them of vilifying and blackening the characters Church government and civil government are much of the space that Reports of Conferences, of the people, have remained among those whom disLincLandse4iarate ..in iaur.theory and pract.ee, Suffrage items, death notices and other matter they have thus persistently calumniated until the and we regard it as part of our destiny to aid in had to be left over. Hephzibah will also be con-- the maintenance and perpetuity of tbe institutions ptcscui uiy, wuuuui receiving me Slightest pertinued in Jan. 15. sonal injury. of our country. ; We denounce as entirejyjirurue jheallegatioiL We claim no religious liberty that we are uri in iut, mat uui wiurcu lavors or " ' willing to accord to others BISHOP WHITNEY'S POEMS. urhnT1 in the killing of Dersons believes :Ui0 u We ask for no civil or political rights which are Church "or apostatize from,jt doctrines. We not granted and guaranteed to citizens in A volume of poems fresh from - the press is .a general. wouia view; a punishment of this ch aracter for We desire to be in harmony with the Govern- fitting t ri hnte to 4he - New - Year, and the friends - such an acuhhe-tmosHiorrrtisbho- r me uuueu oiaies as an m- and admirers of Bishop Whitney's literary work, to us and is in direct opposition to the fuhda- - iucukuuufjtuicui the of nation. .... tegral part who have so long appreciated "both prose and mental, nrinpinlcs mtr tratA We regard all attempts to exclude "aliens, from poetry from his gifted pen, will welcome this new The revelations of God to this .Church make naturalization, and citizens from the exercise of book joyfully. To those unacquainted with his death the penalty for capital crime, and elective the franchise,1 because require solely are name and fame as an author, it will be somethey property shall be members of the "Mormon" Church, as fmpolitic, more than a genuine surprise a veritable thing delivered up to and tried by the laws of the hnH and dangerous encroachment upon feast of I I T 1 We deelare that no Bishop's or other courts in civil and poetry and song. religious liberty. The reading-publithis Church claims or exercises' civil or have been anxiously waitjudicial Notwithstanding the wrongs we consider we the publication of the book, ever since the iuuwwus, ui wic ngni to supersede, annul or have suffered through the improper executiojof-nationa- -- ing l lelpers-aimcr modijajgmentpfnY laws, we regard those wrongs as the acts hands of the publishers. ' It has been looked for- - Woman's Exponent. - - o semi-monthl- . . - - d. and-popu- lar : ". uL-ihea- st . i . it " 1 . ntly - w . , - , : biGad,--Iri..theveait-itist . - -- V-- . -- ; : ' -- -" , - . ; if JMcanj .1 3r c ..... 