WOMAN'S He could see no other way than to leave home, and go in search of work where he hoped soon to get- - enough to pay all his debts, and build comfartahlehorae for hhz wife. -- lift laidJiis plans before her, painting them in glowing colors and she, the same good .patient loving soul ! shut her feelings in her heart and bid him God Speed! and he was gone! gone, and she was alone, without the kind husband to soothe her when sleep would leave her pillow. but she stood it bravely'this little heroine of our3 and waited patiently weeks and mouths for his return. And Harry what of him, day after day he tried in vain to obtain work." one misfortune after another overtook him, and finally after months or disappointment and bad luck he wended his way homeward, to receive that which she. so encouragement from ' his darling, . ... m -ut in this case as stood in neea 01. nerseir, inllonise3nof---a"dvefsit- y the woman was the stronger, she was ready to receive him with words of cheer, and laid all manner Of plans for, the future. But nothing: could throw off the despondencv that settled down on Harry Sea well; nothing but himselt. And this he seemed utterly unable to do. He knew that he had failed to obtain that which .would make his familv comfortable. He would look at- his patient little wite notice ber wasted form caused by not having the necessary rood till at times it seemed he would go mad; at such times he would ieei mat ner snine or words oi cheer were only a reproach. Years went on and as .misfortune does not come things ' ' d, he no-lit- tle Finding the little ones all right, with the iniunction to watch baby she was gone. She hurriedly corralled her cowsandmacje her way back to the house. As she neared the house, she noticed the baby was not with the children she Quickened her steps, at the same time look- mcr in all directions Dut uiu not see me nine one. She hurried to the spot and breathless with excitement exclaimed, "The baby! chil- 'dren wheres the babyf' They looked tip in amazement; of course they had not seen it go did not know any thing about it. Had it Wild followed her, and --she, had not seen-i- t! hurried to she the O river! with excitement what if he had tallen in and perhaps this very moment was being washed away from her! The thought lent her strength, it seemed that her feet did not touch the ground! still it seemed ages to that crazed mother,she reached the bank at last, she scanned the river up down, but could see notbig of her baby. He must have fallen in and floated down the stream! The thought no sooner entered her mlndtMn'tihe'was ofit "Jonthe banks she ran over rocks, thro' the brush shrieking-a- t O my baby! my baby! the top ot her voice! I he thought that he might have sank impelled the wretched mother to plunge into the stream feeling for the little body she knew must be d: upon her yet he did it. He did not seem to realize that these fits of despondency made it harder for her to bear although she never reproved him. If he had been the strong noble man he was when he took her from her father's door, he would readily have seen his course wa3 killing her. Not that he meant to be" cruel to her buthehad become so used to compIainiug,that ;he looked on iho dark side of life and -c- ould see no bright side in the future. And in' fact did not appreciate the many little blessings 1.1 . J. D iLaecameojum-xianThey had chosen for their future home an elevation on their land where you could see in the distance the thrifty f : . --- v iiiuv vmage mat was rapidly growing, and bid fair to be a flourishing town in the near -r- -the- re-somewhere. Shaded Dylrees and underbrush. taken win gs for the news went ou t,. that Flora InTscorcBIiaglun Sea well's babe was lost, men women and chilthe murmuring of the water as it over dren, came upon the scene, then the search the pebbles below, lulls you off to a glides forgetful-;ne3- s began in earnest. Every spot where, they of the cares around you. Near this inthough t he could getir they search ed it tended home is a large canal running thro' thoroughly. Men searched the river with pitch- Harry's land that he not on v iups h.n'H'a to catcb lhe dress of the lirttlr the benefilrof thm& who o wn :lahll mile pelow1 forks, hoping, one; to make the scene more impressive, the msown. While to to build, storm burst upon them in. great fury. The preparing and, make bis family as comfortable as possible,, he rain came down in torrents; but they never iormed a rude shelter among the heaviest their energy: little ones worked underbrush and trees; to protect them from the relinquished with a will, they crossed the canal thinkings nPflt. nf en ked the plank that reached itTmigbtrira al oouse was between the river and canal across its banks, and off towards the hills as Wlth etreat-from ."theT-ays"o- f .... - ; I 1J ground. ve-w- mikdi3tant:forback A beautiful little spring : enhanced ke closure. patients wife that- Although it was seifash for him to put so much iuejJno3jBDanKse4 'Tis a cool e -s- cool-heade- d, uy .is g -- was -it-- times might have been tempted to a rash or desperate act, had it not been for the uwl another-bles?iu- nieadow-lark,bespo- went from bad to worse. It seemed as if she had laid her merciless hand so heavily upon him, that he could not get from under the grasp. Three little ones now shared their home. To be sure they were a comfort.and no fonder father or mother lived than Harry and Flora Sea well. It was this great love for them that made poverty so hard to bear. To think they were in need of the comforts of life, and he unable to supply their wants -- attached to Harry V But under the existing circumstances Harry was unable to appreciate these blessings as he have done, he could not see that in the future this would bring him many returns for his unceasing labor. It was the present wants that absorbedhis mind making him feel poorer, than" he really was. Poor - Flora. It made her very unhappy to see her once cheerful husband givo way to these melancholy, moods. It darkened their home and many times this poor wife would pray that some day, Harry would be his own" dear self again. It came sooner, and in a way she little dreamed of. The morning on which our story opens,Harry start.ed.ta.t - The morning wa3 calnT and for clear, nature had on her loveliest, dress," the fragrance of the wildrose, the fields of waving grain, the sweet, clear notes of the the goodness of an All wise Creator. Harry could not help but partake ot this aweet influence.as he rode along. Time passed very busily for Flora, she sang a sketch of a favorite song as sbe did up the morning's work. Harry had been more cheerful this morning thau usual, and her thoughts were so taken up with thi3, and her labor, that she did not go to the door for some time, when' at last she did noticed1 with surprise - that-sbecome an approaching storm!, the ky-had overcast with dark and threatening clouds her first thought was of the children and- - as she hurried to the spot where they -- were-at play, the outside en of she spied her cows feeding winter,was- - feis-house. - 1 the value of his property, and was a great prize to the family. A nice lucern patch which supplied his stock with feed for the might-otherwis- : never-murmure- 39 farm. -- single-hande- EXPONENT. iomtraseeripower-- w every step calling him by name; when O. joy! under a bush weeping bitterly; they found the little one drenched to the skin but alive It did not take long to re "turn with' their" treasure, "to the anxious workers; but now the babe was found where was the mother? They hurried down the stream, shouting their success at every breath. Far down the stream they found her a picture once seen never to be forgotten. Her hair hanging down her. back, her eyes start-- i and-well..- - ; ng-fron- ajh ""and screami ng asbue bereft of reason. ' My baby is lost! my baby is lost!" Stout men's hearts gave way, at the sight of that wretched mother: but when they made known their success she was overcome, with joy. Taking her tenderly in their arms, "thfcy carried jher to the house where gentle hands removed her' wet clothing, put her in bed, and made her -a- r somfortable-as-possiM " Of course the news reached Harry before he reached home: the joy of that fond father on beholding his little treasure again no pen can describe. He was greatly "surprised to see his little wife looking so well. In a day or "two she was herself again. When he looked at them and thought what might nature was stirred to the very center. His heart went out in He had gratitude to God for the watch-carhis and the restoring of had.over family, their little one to them again. " He resolved that with the help of the Lord, and his havebeenr-hisbett- er e - patient bompanion, "he would be " more worthy of the m in the fd tu re. He would try an d look on the bright side of life; and he did: To day there is no happier home than that ' of Harry Sea well's. If clouds loom up in the horizon, he drives them away with a smile, and fondly gazing at his little flock will say "I have you all and I am content." The change it wrought upon Harry is noti cable to his friends, making them happy in his company so the losing of their babe proved to be (a3 Flora say?) "a . LINES. to " my dear mother on her seventieth . VF.RSARY. Seventy years have passed away Since you first beheld the light of day. Our Heavenly Father sent you here A widowed mother's heart to cheer, A father's love you ne'er did know, -- To guide your feet as they should go. Some cruel fate his" path had crossed, And he was to his loved ones lost. &UX.JiQbleLmotherr with-- grief " mostwild" Found comfort in her darling child; And with a mother's love did strive To teach her child how she should live. The Gospel light soon bursting forth, You both did find and prize its worth; And comfort found beyond the grave, -This Gospet promised souls sve. -- 1 Whenfydu Ihad'gro 'wiTtwonnc A companion found both true and good, ? Life's battle with him o'er fifty years : You've shared amid its joys and tears. Like other Saints, from home were driven For espousing a pure, religion. Vile, wicke'd men in mobs arose And proved that they were Zion's foes. .The martyred Saints full well you knew " ' And you're a living martyr, true. Twas thought.a baUle would takej)lace, Your friends and mobs stood face to face; Did you not start to friends to fly, And when the flag of truce displayed t You realized those Saints were saved. . anni- - 