WOMAN'S EXPONENT not understand, yet there was a feeling of dread Croxall.Sec, Julia Taylor Cor. Sec; Treasurer came over me but how fully I learned its meanMargie Dwyer, Chairman Executive Committee, ' Phebe Y. Beatie, members Ex. Com. Nellie Little ing in the weeks of suffering that followed, and I learned in that time of trial to plead for patience and Margaret Mitchell. Pres. Kimball explained more' than in all ray The "other Jhat each auxiliary branch President was by virtue shore"seemed right within my reacb,and oh, how of her office a memberof the Ter. Executive sweet to go, but the sad cries of my children board and were expected to share in the labors would ring in my ears and my duty to them made deliberations and responsibilities of said board. me cling to life and beg of my Father- - to spare The following Publishing Com. were elected for the ensuing year, Emmeline B. Weils, Lula mine, if it could be His will and I can testify to God's great goodness and mercy and it is only Greene Richards, Romania B. Pratt. Nominations were made for Delegates, other subjects discussed through this that my little ones have a mother. I am still weak and with a terrible disease prey and the Convention adjourned. ing upon my system, the future on earth looks In the afternoon of Friday Oct. 3, 1890, the W. shadowy and I canxmly pray that I may be S. A. of Utah met in a Ter. Convention. Pres. worthy to enjoy the home prepared for the faithful S.M.Kimball presiding. Prayer by Mrs. M, I. and true when the end shall come. My heart is Home. Alinutes read and accep&d. Treasurer's lonely indeed since the death of my frail baby report read. The names of the Territorial officers disease the 1st of Sept. Tillie. She died sesagedji months and 6 days and though I bow to sion were presented and voted upon. Pres. S.. God's will and feel to thank Him" that ray" M.. Kimball gave an address of welcome and darling no longer suffers, her place will be made some suggestive remarks. vacant in heart and home until she is laid within Mrs. E. J. Mc'Farlane addressed the assembly my arms again. Gcd bless you dear sister and upon the "Political Rights of Woman." all our noble women in Zion, is the prayer of, : life--befor- of-hear- e. t ADVANTAGES Mary S, Burnham. POLITICAL WOMEN. SUSA A FAMILY GATHERING. Our worthy postmaster Brother John Pym was honored Sunday 14th with a family gathering at his residence in St. George, in honor of his 75th birthday. Brother Pym was one of the first settlers oi St. George; his kindness of heart is 'well known to every one Jntjie community, and willingness to oblige any one in need; his uprightness and integ rity cannot be excelled,he is especially kind to the aged and widows. Sister DonneJL his wife's mother, who is .well and favorably known to the Elders who have been in Scotland, for ber kindness and generosity, and who we do not doubt would likely be pleased to her mind heaV'thate clear and bright in regard to the Gospel. She by her children and grandchildren with a very nice supper and many tokens of love and esteem. Brother Pym has been a faithful worker in the St. George Temple from its commencement. May his life be long spared is the wish of his friends who are legion. A. c. w; 1890. Sept. 19, "'". , EDUCATION FOR Y. GATES. Few if any of ItheJadies here present would be a great advantage to anywo- deny that man to understand the laws of her own and of other countries.: There are many forms of national government, but certain broad principles underlie them all. This little paper will not deal with government and its modifications, but treat in an informal way upon the advantages which will accrue to the woman who sets herself to master the study of political economy. It is a generally accepted fact that all the knowl edge and intelligence we can acquire in this life will be" so much capital to 'lis in our'hext stagF of existence. 11 our chiet knowledge is embraced in the fit of a polonaise or the last crochet pattern to take our place be we will certainly side our husband as his equal and his assistant in the formation and control of kingdoms and to. worlds, No, we shall go down to the foot of some other life class and the lessons we might so easily have ob tained while in this stage of existence. This is a serious thought, a grave reflection. No paltry excuses of expediency, or of too much time being spent in the daily cares of life will soften, for-- us, the unalterable fact that we have neglected the Jbetterlpartf Jife, outsoukJiave- - been absorbed in the meaner and lesser duties of every day. Just what can be neglected, just where we may cut off a few spare moments from the absorbings worldly tasks is not in the province of this paper to discuss. Assuming that every woman under the sound of iny " vofceres she will set aside a few moments of each day, an hour or two each week, to improve her mind, to enlarge her understanding, and to deepen the capabilities within her, the question atonce arises, to what study shall those few precious moments - be devoted Religion ? The spare hours of the peaceful Sabbath day should be all and religious studies instead of devoted to letter- - writing; orYisiting-an- d gbs science? or to Art? to Music, or to Literature? All of these have their place, and each woman should weekly devote a portion of her time to some one beloved object arid study. But every woman should make an unalterable decision to possible-oa gain of political economy. I am bold to say that even in this life, two thirds of the government of the hunun race, rests in the hands of the mothers, -- How - foolish would be the man who aspired to the Presidental chair and was as yet ignorant of the form of a Republican natio distinguished from a monarchy. Yet few, so very it-w- : OF ill not-expe- ct - -- d, re-lea- rn -- UTAH TER. W. S. A. CONVENTION. -- An Executive Session was held in the Salt Lake As sembly Hall Oc t. 3, at 10 a. m. The Hall was very. beautifully decorated for the occasion with flowers and vines, and the stands were artistically draped with the National stars and stripes by Dr. E. S . Barney. :; M. Kimball expressed her pleasure at Pres. S. seeing so many representative woman present, addesiredtheco-operatio- a ofallahe- - auxiliary branches in the selection; of officers and in the transaction of business. , The expediency of changing the time of holding the Territorial Annual Convention was discussed Emily Richards moved that the time be changed from January to October the motion was unanimously carried. Utah Co. VW S. A. was reported by Johanna ' , - " to-sacre- ; d . -- Co. by Lucy A Clark; Wasatch Co. was represented by letter, Mrs. S. S. Boyer repre- sented: the Springville branch. The officers of "the territorial board were reelected, Sarah M. Kimball Pres. Emily S. Richards, 1st. Vice Pres. Ann D. Groesbeck 2nd Vice Pres. Caroline E. Dye, 3rd Vice Pres. Ada -- few women know' aught of government except old and useless sayings of long ago. One of the . - J. t greatest writers of modern timjes,Herbert Spencer, ..... wrote at' length on the home and the education of the children therein. One great man when asked how he controlled so large and o varied a people as was under his care, replied that correct principles and they governed them" selves. .What are correct principles? In what way are they most effectively taught? How much may the individual do? How far may go before reaching the boundary line of unbridled license? Which would be best and most effective applied to home life,the imperial, the monarchial or the republican form of government? AH these are questions which come within the province qf political econpray, and all of which vitally concern women. It is easier, pleasanter. and far f re effective to study in company with others than to toil and VtrugTe here say, inspirationally fortunate for us has been the organizing of these W. S. A. The are the right thing in the right time.at the right place, If the many are not prepared for them, have no- time for them, then as ever, the few will come in arid accept the light thus held out for us. In this beautiful Territory, it is solely the fault of woman herself that she is ignorant of the laws ris" careless of her rights,"" heedless of her opportunities. The legislature of 1S70 made us equal with our brother, and that body was subsequently specially careful to include competent women in committees and on boards where woman's wisdom would be appreciated No man" with the spirit of enlightenment in him will object t5 his wife uniting herself with this movement. Indeed those noble men who have so well earned our esteem and gratitude, the leaders of this people, have given unqualified approval to this movement. It remains then with us as women to resolve that we will identify with the W. S. A. and to make all neces- sary sacrifice of time and ra ful suffragists. -- ! he-taug- self-indulgen- ht ce . bur-selv- es Hon. F. S. Richards addressed the meeting. "Theaft of the .audiences in Washington. Was a in Woman's Rights, in Woman Suffrage. Women who have sought to gain suffrage have been derided; his idea of woman's rights was that she should be the equal of man in every way, (not only socially but in every department of life. The wife and mother's first duty is her home, but if she can put those duties in other hands her woman's intuition, will help her to judge how far. JWha first saw Christopher Columbus plans? was 1 it the wise men- of whom he solicited aid? No Isabella of Spain ! Woman's assistance is needed be-liev- er - - the bright schemes yet to be brought forth would be from woman. The cause is not popular but itVill become so; referred to Galileo and many other reformers. It is as much our duty to put our hands forth to break down this false idea of woman's sphereras for other evilsr AU the barbaric conditions which have been in the past should be done away. Long had the woman: been held as an inferior in everything, but these things will be done away with. Mrs. Lockwood wanted to study law but was denied. She did study law, but was for years refused the privilege of practicing until after long perseverance she carried the day arid was admitted. Doctors op- but the time came when their opinions were over-rule- d and we know the result. These things have, been overcome; so will other things be overcome. We may feel discouraged at times, but it does not do to be Some men may be fearfuloi the results of these raovernents, he was not. Had seen Susan , eawomert-sraaymg-medic- ine - 