43 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. NEW EVERY MOKNING.: Kverv dav is a fresh bcr'innimr. Every morn is the world made new, Voil who are weary of sorrow and sinning, Here is a beautiful hope for you; A hope for me and a hope for you. ' they (osscd the primitive i .les amqng Or slept iti the ocean main. Such was the sonsrand its chan1 frre Such was the song of the sea. . All the past things are past and over. The tasks are done and the tears are shed.. Yesterday's errors let yesterday cover; Yesterday's wounds, which smarted and bled, Are healed with the healing which night has shed. . . - - -- - Let them go, since we cannot them, Cannotrmdo and cannot --atone; God in his rncyTecelve, forgive thetn; our own. Orriy the new days-arL ours and to To-da- y day alon j. e Every day is a fresh beginning; Listen, 'my soul, to the glad refrain, In spite of sorrow and older sinning, And puzzles forcasted and possible pain, Take heart with the day, and begin again ;:::IZir: ". Ex. Sua AN CoOlidgf.- LONELY HOME. On the death of Clare Watson accidentally killed Sept. 12, 1889. ' r . - . Our home is so strangely lonely, A void seems to be every where, The rooms are so large and so empty, When we kneel at the sacred altar. To offer morning, or evening prayer We all feel jhe jbreak in the circle The absent one, is our boy, Clare! Then after our morning devotion . As we all to the table repair, , We still note the place that is vacant We think for a moment, where's Clare! And there is his bed as he used it - For there's rione that tiisTaTe"cairrini And we must submit unto Heaven Acknowledge a kind Father's will. - prompting of something he'd s u'd, Some reminder of that noble one. Yet who notes.the. fall otthe sparrow, And who numbers each separate hair Knows best why He took bur dear one Our darling, our boy, our Clare. ' The family circle is broken, But another above is begun' By our dear Clare and Talula And our turn tojoin them will come; Oh," God grant that each may be doing All the good that we can, and prepare, To join that brigfiteircle in heaven, And dwell with sweet Lula, and Clare. w-- e CRANrrVATSO?f Parowan June 8, '90. THE SONrOFTH ESEA The song of the sea was an ancient song In the days when t6e earth was young; --The waves were gossipping loud and long;" Ere mortals had found a tongue . The heart of the waves with wrath was wrung, : fST56?hedo?:.ats -- many-i- n other-par- ts -- of- . d Kingdom, were represented, wnile here and there were to be seen the special uniforms worn on foreign service. The allegorical design Qnihacfijtificates was fromf aii" etching 7 by Miss' Lillian Smythe. Three gracefully-drapefigures representing' Labor, Skill and Thrift are shown receiving ihfLgifta which JlankandWealth-prompte- dby Sympathy,' hold out to them, while Benevo lence, m the background, beckons others to follow their example. Each certificate had e been slgneoTby-thPrincess of Wales, and stated that it wa3 presented in testimonv of the the recipient a3nypTtherst 1,0W nurses who joined the fund, and thus The philanthropists who have founded the pension fund have done much to prevent any similar catastrophe befalling any nurse in the future. All who jo.m J twilLatonce insure safety for themselves and respect for. the noble calling to which they belong. Already several have. been saved from distress through its . '. - Em-pir- e. : - - agefHyr------ !- became oneofJhe JW 000 as the nucleus of a permanent trust for ' , " The Prince then referred to the great in-- f terest taken in the fund by the late Mr. J. S. Morgan, and expressed Jhis satisfactionthat several of the large hospitals notably the great London Hospital, Guy's, St. Mary's, and King's CollegeHospitals a3.well. as others both iu London and the country, have become affiliated tojhe fund, and manx p ay. of the necessary premiums to secure a f pension to the nurses in their employ. Mr. Walter A. Burns, chairman of the one-hal- S. iyLeaehuFse-passedke- te her certificate from r the hands of the Princess. A'"very large number had brought purseswhich were laid on a table by the side of her Royal Highness, and th e con ten ts of which will form a. fund for the benefit of poorer nurses. This fund has been specially instituted as a memorial of the late Mr. J. S. Morgan, one of the fouuders of movement. When all the certificates had been given the nurses" and the rest of those present formed a circle 1 the-nsio-n1 rroanc , . fact-tha- t the benefit of the nurses of the British ' -- sent gifts to the fPensioh Bonus Fund, which amounts to nearly 40,000, and the invested funds ..to 67,000, the . difference representing., the investment by nurses of their savings. But the National Pension Fund has done more than thi3. Heretofore, if a nurse fell ill or became disabled through no fault of her own, her position yas often a very painful one, and many nurses under such circumstances formerly-ha- d the-Unit- ed1 d - E.--A.- - s -- Wales presented certificates ot .membership of the National Pension Fund for fi rs t 4,000 Nu who joined the fund. The number of .nurses present was about 700, and they were ranged .under.the trees in the gardens-behinMarlborough House. The variety of the uniforms worn made .the scene a very picturesque one, the green of the grass and trees relieving the sombre colours of the dresses, which were mostly of some shade of gray, - ah me principal nospitals ot JLiondon, and-ve- ry Turn where we will.or do what we may,' - There is some proof of whaTKeas done; A AnI interesting ceremony took place at Marlborough House on J uly 4 th, when the in..e-onipanie- m sea NATIONAL PENSION FUND FOR NURSES. 01 and: Itay. ce to be incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act, with the necessary financial guarantees. These gentlemen set the whole nursing body a lesson in thrift, by attaching to the deposit a condition that, unless 1,000 nurses invested their savings in the pension fund before 1st of January, 1890, the 20,000 tfas to be returned and the fund wound up. In less than twelve months' from fhe date that the council began to issue policies August," 1 S88 1,000 were applied for, and the condition was thus fulfilled. The four benefactors there and then made a gift of 20.000 to the fund, specially allocating 5,000 of it to be iuvtsted at compound interest for the sole benefit of the first 1,000 nurses who had by their thrift and foresight secured so splendid a sum for the benefit of the whole nursipg body for ever. The National Pen3ion Fund has greatly prospered since. Nurses continue to join it at an Richard E. Burlont in the Mail and Express. rrmces3 s rightly named national. What then is the National Pension Fund for Nurses, and who :are4hefiFst4vO0O:flure four of the leading merchants of the City of London deposited 20,000 with tho Court of Chancery to enable the National Pension Fund . e fol- i3 The song of the sea is a wondrous lay, For it mirrors human life; It is grave and great as the judgment day, It is torn with the thought of strife; Yet under the stars it is smooth and rife With love lights everywhere, When the sky has taken the deep to wife And their wedding day is fair of-th- -- One nurse at the Citadel Hospital in Cairo ' has sent an Egyptian purse containing .C10. and another has forwarded a purse from Natal. . All this shows that the pension fund for nurses The song of tfie sea was a hungry sound As the human years unrolled, For the notes were hoarse with the doomed and drowned Or choked with a shipwreck's go!d; 7'ill it seemed no dirge above the mold, So sorry a story said, " Such is the song JfesEIt-ha- Egyptthe-United-StatestFran- Calling above their dead. Such is the song and its threnody, Such is the song of the sea. re-bor- n, read the other institutions in the United Kingdom, and that many of you are working on your own account as private nurses. One here present has. "come all the way from Gibraltar, and Tetters and purses have been received from members of the first 1,000 who are working as nurses in Australia, Canada, Constantinople, Malta, rniTmi3nigh'fcry Here are the skies alburnished bright'y, . Here is the spent earth all Here are the tired limbs springing lightly To face the sun and to share with the morn In the chrism of dew and the coo of dawn. A The song of the sea took a human tone In the days of the coming of man; A mournfuler meaning swelled her moan, And fiercer her. riots ran; v-- . Because that h.cr stately voice began To speak of our human woes; With music mighty to grasp and span : Life's tale and its passion-throeSuch was the song as it grew to be, Such was the song of t!vr sp ' s. -Yesterday now is a part of forever, Bound up in a sheaf which God holds tiht, y With glad days, and sad days, and bad days which never Shall visit us more with their bloom and their blight, : Their fulness of sunshine or sorrowful night, - of 'Walks then afforded the Piincees ami my self much pleasure to receive you hereio day-- I understand that you come from nearly 160 hospitals, infirmaries, asylums, nursing and w; " , re-liv- The Prince lowing speech: Aa Morsran, then thanked his Royal Highness for the tribute he had paid to the memory of that Englishwoman's Review. gentleman. i O m poet, and editor of the Boston Pilot is dead. Another triumph for the cause of woman's freedom. The United States Senate Committee John O'Reilly, -- , fejft."AllRepublicnSenltoT3 agreeing. Ttn 