WOMAN'S EXPONENT 6G I had the pleasure of attending a woman's suffrage meeting yesterday, called by. the "Danish Society, at which were present delegaets - . from Sweden, Norway, and Finland. hfc rrrf speaking was in their languages except that I said a few words in English, and was interpreted, though nearly half the persons in the room raised their hands as able to under- stand English. Mrs. Selmer, who accompanied me, translated a few things, but as I understoood so little of what was said, I should like few very brief notes ef what I observed in ' ' . other ways First I was struck with the number of ladies who wore short hair. Again, I did to-ma- The detractor may, and often does, pull he seems to . down others, but he never, as tricities or mistakes. suppose, elevates himself to their position. It appears to me we, should all be careful The most he can do is maliciouslyjojear .from.' not to depart from what is truly feminine, nor them the blessings which he cannot enjoy from any badge of femininity in dres3 or manners, unless.it i3 something that really England, these unpleasant thing3 will be rated at their true value, merely as individual eccen- LEAVm? IN DENMARK. MRS. ' hampers or weakens us. It is sure that "emancipation of women" is progressing rapidly in these Scandinavian lands, and that the movement is much farther advanced than in the more southern countries. - Mary Clement Lea viit. Kjobenham, Denmark, Aug. h, 1 890 ke-a " - " EXTRACT FROM A LETTER. janviug observation. Une osdy of the ladies exhibited an oratory formed after the model taught to men in the schools.. All the others talked in the most easy and natural way, with smiles and gestures intermingled, and one laughed with her audience. Only one was at all slow or hesitating in her speech. Objectors were asked to speak, and two or three gentlemen "improved the opportunity," but from the laughter that followed the brief reply ol sorae lady, I fancy they gained little from their endeavor. heard two points criticised by ladies-wh- o believe in suffrage, but who do not act with this society. The first is that too many of the society go out of their way to talk against Christianity. To say nothing of the beliefs of either clas3, I think it bad policy in suffragists to attack religious beliefs. - It- - is certain that suffrage cannot be carried without the help of Christian- men and - women, and it is also true that many will not join a movement which seems to them, because of utterances of some of the leaders, . I-h- . -- - T that I am right. Another hindrance is ttat several of the suffrag'sts are said to assume mannish not manly ways. I saw nothing of this, but to sit in a meeting with an arm on the back of a chair andjthe hand thrust in the hair, and one leg thrown over the other, casts a needless -- slur 'Upon a grand: and fundamental ment. We move- we copy after the "ways" of men. err-i- f Let us be ourselves, and not weak imitations of men, and thus soouer will we show those not unsexing women, and the sooner shall we show Jhem that education, thought-poweexecutive ability ,couragetruth are as ble witu.femininedeli nine sweetness and grace, raspurity,gentlenes3, sweet temper and unselfishness : are with true manliness in men. I hesitated to speak of another point, as, perhaps, it applies best to one lady, lest the shadow should fall upon others; still. I decide to mention it. In the noithern continental cities, there are as yet rr buUkady.phykiciansttndfthesetit have WlIP Xmiii ' I am much interested in the story of .HephzibahjL and I think I recoguiza.Qma.. oL. the characters. Had I been as courageous - none of late. Yours Affectionately ' - 1 Osceola, 111. Aug. 12, 1890. :L. B. T. 0NSALE TO .u&JLiXj PRINCIPAL-POIN- EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH AT- - Accept my best wishes and remember me in your prayers; give my respects to Elvira.have: been looking for a letter from her; have UNJON ed re-ciev- -- TS Ts she was,I might now be with the.i.Church; don't know when I will get there again. My health. i3 tolerablygood, but my eye and ears are badly affected; fear sometime rI will get entirely deaf and blind. I hope and pray that I may not. t ave or constitutions, to, be contrary to their own most cherished beliefs. The opposite course.so constantly followed by the Woman's Journal, and upon the platform which that paper re presents, with Us - results, shows very, clearly Wells: Dear Sister: .Mrs. not observe one corseted waist among them all, that is, the leaders and speakers who about and who catno. under my were - TICKET OFFICE, Main Street, Satt Lake City, J. V. PARKER, ' Asst.GenLPass.Agt. BOOK NOTICE. We have recently reviewed a new book the title is "Tokology," "A Book for Every Womanly Alice B Stockham M. D. The author has something of a natioual reputation and her writings are highly commended. by. the press. The book seems to contain many important truths and .THOMA"; i inotmlTriffi SA&T-IiAJrE-CIT- Yr 7oBethT best work of its kind, but as to this the writer is not prepared to decide." That every woman should bevell informed regarding her physical powers and conditions we have always maintained; therefore the books and lectures whieh will give her this knowlege, should be within her reach, and carefully studied. There is no danger oi Knowing too much about the human organization, but very great danger in knowing too little. Sister Caroline C. Raleigh is agent for the work, and a3 she is well known to the people where she is likely to canvas, we have little doubt of her success in introducing the work where it will be read with interest and be likely to do good. 1 here are none too weirposted on the subjects that pertain to s 4h4iealbfmd4rappiuess, "and to seHrOEF greatest good to posterity through the channels of wisdom and knowledge should be the direct aim of every mother. For f urther particulars concerningthe work applytQaaIlalcigh 3,2TXTTirst West St. Salt Lake Citv. NOTES 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st SoutliSt, The Leading Retail E.KTHOMAS Special to the Ladies. Deference is the instinctive Tecently visited, a lady physician we respect which pay to the great or good-- the of much ability and skill, fully in accord with unconscious the movements for the elevation of women, acknowledgement of the superiority or -:- zzin smoking and drinking and'" excellence of others.- -joins with,-methe use of oathsno, I would say it squarely Death.opens the gate of fame, and shuts as I would of a man swearing. These were the gate of envy after it; it unlooses the chain not her- habits until she began to practise ot the captive.aud Duts thp, , , f medicine.Presently-vhe- n the movement is v.vn,uiaUp.la.1U. C jauomer man s nanus-... more general here, as it is in America and -- Stem e. - - Will bo found th latest styles and productions LACES, li RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, . ?IB9i,LLARS,,,TIES X) E, IT GKOO ED SB : And an elegant assortmenf of Special department for Indies'' Misses' and In-font- Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 thf(tl - n ! AT TEASDEL'S i AND NEWS. Pleasure b tnejower that fades; remembrance is the lasting perfume. BauMers. House C asla ITXID 's East Temple Str TAiMES 2c CO. TINNERS C AS, WATER Sl STEAM FITTERS - ,r Ageat for KUMSEyS celebrated LIFT and FORC PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders frog KUV cuuauy promptly responded to. Aidriij. CAVO UKI3. Box SC5, CUT UI2 CiI7 