WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 141 Woman's Exponent. "FEAR NOT, ZION." fair play power that should sadden every lover of and welfare of his country' HVhat effect will this change have upon the " ; Church and the People's Party?" " Oh,as to that I cannot see that the Church will in any way be affected as an organization. It is entirelyseparate and apart from political mat-- ters; members of the Church belong to the People's Party, and they will naturally feel that they have been robbed of their rights at the polls. But I presume that it will not affect their political views or status. "The Church was not in that campaign and the result will have no bearing upon it at all that I can see.'' "What will be the future policy of the Church?" ;.. "So far as 1 know, it will be to preach the Gospel to all the world; instruct its members in their religious duties, and move forward to its divinely-.ordaine- d destiny asihe actual living Church of ., President Woodruff's views of the politicaVsit- .uation in Salt Lake City given to' an associated press reporter are a very fair statement of the facts, and there is little need of comment. The Saints outside element from which the Latter-da- y fled with their lives in their hands, a little more than forty years ago, has pursued them with a persistency worthy of a better cause, and after having urged congress into special legislation andlmade all offices once in the gift of the people appointive, have now succeeded in taking possession of the City government, here where a little band of weary pilgrims, worn with travel, established themselves in the, midst of a desert of sagebrush, where vegetation was not, in a parched and barren alkali soil, inhabited only by savage tribes of. Indians, wolves, black crickets- and "snakes in abundance; and indeed it required almost superhuman courage to live from day to day. But the "Mormons" were consoled by one thought they had left their enemies behind them; the mobs that had burned their homes and treated them so cruelly; and though many of their loved ones died of fatigue, privation and hardship, yet they rejoiced that a remnant was spared to enter tne promisea iana wncre ion was 10 ue esiao-lishe- d in the tops of the mountains and all nations flow unto her. . It often happens that the destiny of a people, or is worked out very differently in its de- a nation, " . r i in i jium anuifluinumcui wuai was expected or antic pated by the wisest men and philosophers," -- w.ho. have made predictions concerning that which would be likely to transpire; but God's plans ' Editor. EAfJlfEUAE B. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: Published one copy six rnonths.,50 eta. No ,tr?o copy one yenr, fl.00; reduction made for clubs. City paperi delivered by mail, , extra for postage one year, 25 cts. , lines ten of nonpareil Each rates: square, Advertising ' A liberal discount one $3.00. time, 2.50; per month, pace, to regular advertisers. Exponent office,1 No. 2E.,&&ith. Temple Streetnecond uate east of Deserct News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to fieml-montbl- ; . ... -- PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City Utah. .Entered at the JjU Office in Salt Luke City, Utah, as Second Clasi Matter, Salt Lake. City, Feb r u AR y j 5, 1 890. PRESIDENT WOODRUFF. J - - r : ' ; ; Christ." 7" l"Is there any probability of the Mormon Church or people removing to Mexico or else; where?" "None that I know of. I do not see any necessity of such removal. Individual members may go where they choose to better their, condition, butrthere is not, nor has there been any contemplation of any such exodus as you ask about." "What is the Mormon idea of its rule as the Kingdom of God?" this Church was set "It is this; - We hold-thby command of the Almighty y that it has the right to formulate and maintain rules of church discipline applying to its own members; that the extent of its punitive powers is the excommunication of the transgressor therefore He will not forsake Zion nor this people, it has no power to punish anyone by iiepnvation of life, liberty or property, or personal injury in notwithstanding the dark clouds that hang about He has not forgotten His the horizon any form; that governments should not regulate the 'church, nor the church seek to control the promises and He will yet "make the wrath of man to praise H im a nd the , remainder He will re.state; thatfall men should be politically free and strain;" and though men who are strangers sit in equal, free to vote as they please and to sustain and have control what politics they please, so that they do not inplaces cf honor and trust of public lunds, wnile tnose wno toiled and en- v fringe upon the rights of others. We believthi-Chuxckwi- il hardships prepare the way :.dured,.uritQlcL . t t .. j for the coming of Christ to reign as King, and places, ana economizedj ior me puDiic wear are cast out therefrom, and not allowed even a minorthat this Church will then develop into the Kingdom of God, which all the Christians pray will ity representation to which, according to the de-- r . U11UCU iJldlC3 t., aZ Ulc IUC r ..... ut LI91UU Ul. ft ii,'t come, that the will of God may be done on earth jUUC the .Territory, they are justly entitled, there is as it is in heaven We believe in the full and free one above who will take cognizance of all these agency of man, and that when that kingdom is established there will be perfect liberty on earth, things, and when the day of reckoning comes He " -' will remember those who have oDDressed Israel civil, political and religious." as He did anciently. "Then you do not feel gloomy as to the ultimate Men boast loudly of what they will do to the result of this election?" "Mormons," and one need be wise and cautious "No, I believe taxes will be raised, that there will be such a looseness of restraint imposed upon to avoid difficulty. The early settlers in these immorality, and such a striking contrast formed valleys who labored to make homes and gardens under Liberal rule, that order,: honor, honesty and habitations wherein to dwell, with a scanty and consistent .progress of the city under the supply of food arid raiment and sometimes as it were starvation staring them in the face,4iving People's regime, that as in Ogden, the more Tupdn robtsarid herbs for davs and weeks together, respectable people of aircrasseTwHrsbWesir return to former methods. The plotfers against can scarcely view with complacency the present the majority will probably be embo!dened to purstate of affairs, and see those whom they know to sue their plans for the destructjon oTa republican myu upvu tucain-- a (AUll IU null IS IU tUCUJ, wrpstino- awav of tripir iorrtr rlrrhta government m the Territory, but I should to believe that Congress or the country will Sometimes when remembering the sorrows of the past, the exodus from Nauvoo in r, proceed to such unconstitutional and i nfamous extremities as those that will be proposed. Jn the scenes of suffering at Winter QuarterForTthe" anyevent, there, is a Power superior to all men, Missouri fiver, the graves that are scattered by who wll overrule all things that happen for the the wayside all along the route, one is ready to of those who serve Him." good exclaim," is it not enough ? and yet the sublimity President Woodruff appeared to be in ood of the faith of the Latter-da- y Saint is equal to any health and not in the least worried over the and every emergency, and acknowledging the result of the election. He is now in his eighty-thir- d year hand of the Lord in all things gives the true Saint auu apparently as strong and well that blessed assurance that Zion will triumph overpreserved as the ordinary man at fifty. all her foes, and that it is necessary for those who would becomes saviors upon Mt. Z'on to come up through great tribulation. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society Fear not Zion! where are all those who fought id in !kSlakimH Prvafxidayeb.V agaiast the Saints in thedays that are past ?. .What. HIS VIEWS ON THE PRESENT SITUATION. .Salt Lake City, Feb. President Wood- - rufithe head ofT the Mormon church, today-gav- e. to the Associated Press the only Statement he has ever made upon the political fight which has just ended here. His interview, which is as fol lows, can be understood as the feeling of every :Mormoii inltKe. ITerilioryiZ, "President Woodruff, I would like to get your views as to the political campaign here and the questions at issue." "Well, sir, I consider this as something more than a'rnere question of what men shall compose the city government arid what party they belong scheme to deprive the to. There is a deep-lai- d Mormon people of all political rights and privi leges so that the minority here may obtain control of the Territory, They' cannot do this by fair means so they resort to foul. "By misrepresentation and taking advantage of popular prejudice against the Mormons, founded "11. ..: . -- at 1 nptind-organize- d hat: to-da- y. f to-d- er every Monnon deprhirfht right to Vote and hold office, no matter how good a. citizen he may be. At the and s Ogden election a year ago, of the names of resident voters were stricken from the registration lists, hundreds of were imported ,and the election was carried by the Liberals by open fraud, and since then, by s valuation, the assessments of property, have been raised from three to five times the of taxes, vice has flourished, official salaries1 have been raised, public Improvements have not advanced, and the change is deplored by th e best people of both .parties. "Boasts were made after the Ogden election, - that Salt" theiext point ofattaclr feakejwould-b- e and that it would be carried by similar means. The result has proved the boast not to have been -- 4Now law-abidi- they-wa- nt ng large-number- non-residen- ts ficti-tiou- former-amount- made invain. "I consider the-- election the votes of legally qualified citizens and-- by hordes of new comers not lawful citizens. regard the" action of the registrars, their sitting as a court to judge of their own acts, and the whole; course pursued, as part of. the scheme to capture the city at all hazards. I view it with profound regret as prostitution of law and official 'I 1 . 1 c. 1 1 - uu . : " - be-sorr- y mid-winte- . has been gained here by striking from the registration lists hundreds of . s ay ' - the disfranchisement of the older settlers who made the country, and then of all the women. This not giving these schemers a majority, they have sought other means." The Edmunds-Tuckact has helped them somewhat, but the test oath it provides can be taken by a majority at least, as well as by their opponents. . a. . -- -- 