W 0M -- To the memory of Martha Ann Jones Wride, who de- Darted this life April 14. 1800. Was bora BecembM-j- c, 1839, in the Parish of Ecroshefland Glameganshire, South Wales. She leaves a fond and devoted husband and our children and large circle of "friends to mourn her loss. Always cheerful and pleasant, her bright smile won friends wherever her lot was cast. She was a faithful, consistent Latter-da- y Saint, and was secretary of the Relief Society for some time but resinged on account of ill health. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father in his infinite wisdom has taken from our midst our beloved sister Martha,. Resolved, That we, the. members of the Second ward Relief Society feTl tolender our Jove and sympathy to the ' memory of our departed sister. Resolved, That in this great bereavement we feel to ac knowledge the hand of God and bow in humble submission to bis will, but realize that in her we have lost a true friend and faithful laborer. J?esolred, Thate hereby tender our love and sympathy Government to. open a """"""" :"- Finland has written a book entitled "A half Year in the .New World." It is said to be of great interest. Alexander Swift, of Cincinnati, who married a sister of Alice and Phccbe Gary, owns the Oripenberg, of old Gary homestead, and is anxious to make C ' ' a memorial of the sister pbets. Mrs. Tirard, the archxologist, delr course of lectures lately on TheTombs "and - JTemples Egypt'1 at the British-Museum- . of-Anci- -- ent Mrs. Khasma, a J ewess of Bagdad, manages a factory which employs ho hundred Jewish women and girls. They mejcalicoem.: broiderieffiprsalns, etc. taJhebreavedfamilf . - uties populajca and he believes that the woman question will be victorious in France, though not so soon as in the United States and Great Britain. M. de Gaste proposes a revision of the constitu ' zz:::sr -tlOJl. as follQWSi. rbtrr " 'That the SenaTe be reduced from 300 to 200, and the Chamber to 400; that the scats in both be equally given to men and women over forty; that as in the' United States, that the President of the Republic be elected for five years delegates of all electors, and be replaced if he die. retire ' or go mad within his term of office, by a and that, finally, women be eligible for Vice-Preside- Yicerrresiawri-r-r::..1.- nt; tPresiiejicy . : Ex. JIIEOWINGr rTHE GLQVE7 To throw" the glove as a signal of a challenge is referred to by Shakpeare, when Troilus says to Cresida: For I will throw my glove to death himself That there's no maculation in thy heart. , . .. onessleep." . : .,, Sauiaii Owens. OM-SALE f- PRINCIPAL POINTS, EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH Elizabeth Brown. ' Committee. . - : mm) Tinlroffi Matilda Loveless, Tread Egbtly, do not wake her, She has earned the sweet repose. From the shadow of our night, " OFFICE, Main Street, Salt Lake City. J. V. PARKER, .... Would we summon her again To a world of woe and pain? Ah, no, we'd have thee stay Where life is joy alway. . ' ; Asst. Genl. Pass. Art. ; KKTHOISAS A NOBLE WOMAN. EorTOR Exponent: I feel it my.duty to write a few incident TICKET UNION She has passed into the light. s, of-Dep- . Sarah Goodman, "Mary Anderson was married in June to Mr. Antonio "Navarro :aCtho little Catholic Church in Hempstead, of which she wa3 a regular communicant while living in London. Only a few personal friends witnessed the cereBlanche and Juliet, mony, and her actea a3 bncsmju facial gaina longer life, perhaps a happier one, for Mary Anderson; but what a loss to the stage! Her splendid genius, her exquisite beauty, her high ideal?, her absolute truth, her wonderful voice when.jan.dwhere-.will.thefi- e rare gifts beapia" found embodied in one young girl! This wedding, and welcome to Mrs. Navarro, is the death of Juliet and Pcr'dita of Galakaaacl the dream of ftolanrjfii a future for Antigone and the classic drama." - The woman question narbennbrought be fore the French Chamber :M. de Gaste, Deputy for Finisterre. M. de Gaste is a hale old Breton of eighty-tw- o years, who has becn an ad vocate of equal rights for more than forty years, and has taken up many un- - -- t:Tac; "Weep not that her toils are over, weep not that. " xs run; God grant we may rest as calmly when our work like her's ' is done; Till then 'we would yield with gladness our treasures to Him to keep, And rejoice in the sweet assurance, He giveth His loved earnest desire that the Holy Spirit may impart comfort and consolation in tha sad hour of affliction. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the family, the Utah Enquirer, the WOMAN'S EXPONENT and kept in the record of the society. Sarah A. Scott, The House of Lords ha3 rejected the bill to enable women to serve on County Councils. To the American mind, this is a new proof that the House of Lords ought to be abolished. Mrs. Harriet Beecher 8towe passed her seventy-eigh- t birthday very quietly Saturday Jime 14.. She received a few calls from personal friends, and from her publishers, Messrs. Houghton, Mifflin fc Co., a box of cut flowers. half-sister- Then on earth with joy to greet thee tears are shed." Where no-bitt- Mme. Leon Bertaux, the sculptor, has peti- 13arone33 'S EXPONENT RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. NOTES'-- - AND NEWS. tioned the French School of Fine Arts A-J- ja :th&3ik cf my i ,:2Sr30an(132 East 1st SoutliSC from earth 10:30 p. m. April 21st 1890, after an illness of ten days, she had a light stroke of paralysis which deprived, her of her speech, but she kept her right mind to the last. She wasihe wife of the late Horace S. Rawson and was born Oct. 18, 1807, in Montgomery County, Tennessee. She was married Oct. 9, 1825, settled in Randoloh Co Indiana, and was baptized a member of the Church of Jesus SAIT LAKE CITY. . The Leading Retail Cash. Saints by Elder Levi W. Hancock in 8jIL ber hrcbandJpjnedjaJcw months after. - In I832 they gathered with the Saints in Jackson Co. Missouri; they were driven by a mob from their home five times.and finally came to the valley and to Ocden in x8 w. Dassin? thrmmh o o all the incidents of a pioneer life without a murmur. Owing to ner mtirm age she came to Harnsville a short time am lolive with her children. " She was the mother of 13 child- Ben, 95 grandcmlren, 15s great grandchildren in all 263, she was aged 8a years, 6 months, 3 days. She was chosen as a Teachefjhje RdieS fully for "many years, she never resigned her office. She bore a strong testimony to the work f God shclTntri herself that this was the true Church of Jesus-Chriof Lat y Saints, she died as she had lived full of faith and nrisj 01 iatter-da- y 1 Special to the Ladies. AT st Wni be found tho latest ter-da- funeral obsequies were held at the East Harrisville school-house, Bishop P. G.Taylor presiding, consoling remarks were made by Pres. C. F. Middlcton, Bishop P. Q. Taylor and Patriarch Joseph Taylor who spWof &e rnany good qualities of the deceased and family. A large assembly viewed the remains and along cortege accompanied them to the Ogden City Cemetery where they were kid by the side of her deceased husband, thus passes away an honest and devout woman, an affectionate wife and a lovimr mother. ; HOTJL se FASP styland pioductlons - GLOVES, l.5NS-COLLAR- 3r PARASOLS, an elegant assortmenf of IDI fanortment fr C3-- 0 112, 114, 116, 118 - TIES : ODq; m and In- - EaU TempU Sir .. TherineamugBeln"""gays Johnson, "I will cha lenge death himself in defence of mv Tulrlity." The glove then thrown down was P .pularly called "a gae," from, the French, Here thy loss wedeeply feel, But the God that has bereft us. He can all our sorrows heal." ignifyiDg a pledge. 7 "Yct Sain we hope to meet thee,' When death's gloomy nfehthflf,y 2s CO. TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS -- y Wmptlyrreiided to. "H9' mzs. sex s:3. - - sut uis cm ' 