WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT. we came to these valleys, let us be wise and appreciate our Father's kindness, lie is our . uuo persecution that could befall them. But we must all have opportunities to he proven. The word of the Lord U what" weshotild friend, let us continually seek for wisdom that we mav.do nVht. n J r j Jrce,!lv,:ikJsai4.to the Saints June 11833, at Jurtland "Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you, whom 1 love, and whom I love I also chasten, that their sins may be forgiven, for with the chastisement I for prepare a. their deliverance in all things out of way ternpta- wuu, auu i nave Joved you. mut kerefbreye .... . f u. JC auu. ,stanu remitted beture . rrr .. . .1 o iitin. ho Ti ri x iiu luniuun iii Jr cisicis- r,n i rati Ane iora cans many nut they . at .lucli arc not ail chosen. His words to the Saints then are as. applicable tr day.-- The Lird has cuicicu uur iues to prevail against U3 "but iear them not, lie fays, "tor they are as grass, Jlower thereof which M'111 innr gl''7 soon lalleth. I do not see it as some do. that we should 'iela uJ?. JL.Xa--jour inheritances, and bcl-iiuuitsin oiner quarters without a stronger reason than the threats of men to tax us till we will be compelled to leave... 'Many' will have to bend to this pressure, but the spirit of speculation should not get the belter of our judgment. But whatever comes we may be assured that the Lord is making use of the tools, and materials in various forms that are presenting themselves. All will heln to push the greaV work upward and onward to its grand and glorious destiny, and this is worth our battling for. If this people were to leave here prosperity and progress would cease ja3 it aid ju every place that they settled m the states and were driven from. Every, move that has been made to destroy this work has turned out to the accomplishment of some mighty purpose. Ihe Lord is working: out-thsalvation of Israel, but these" things are hidden from the wicked. That His wisdom may guide our feet is the sincere desire of your sister. . ri 1C9 - . i ayior, we nave a perlect right to, live our religion every, day. President" Young told us to trade with our how have we keptlhat counsel? We have put money in the bauds of. men in thi3 city to use to our injury. The Lord is trying us, let us - exam i n e o rsel v. a a nd ask a re wg d oi ng an to cause m to be brought into bondage. ..v.,., .,(, iuuhi vuaiiiy iwr - . lllOSe . wno uuiiMso mucn oiJ wnat they are going to do. They give us who ,carne. here .jindi made the country no' credit, for anything, we have all labored hard for what we have, now they boast they are going to rob us of all they can. vxmiereuce adjourned ici,ua juaj iui to 2 p. m. with ...tinging "The time is far spent," and a benediction by Mrs. E. Barton. Afternoon ses-ioslnmnlr 'LO. Jesus the giver of all we , enjoy, prayer by Mrs. E. Howard, ringing "0, say what is truth," the secretary then read the following address: ' To my sisters of the Relief Society. Not being privileged to meet with you, my health suffering somewhat from the wintry weather, I thought a letf words in this silent way would be bf iter than none at all. My heart and desires are with those whose aims are for the upbuilding of the kingdom of God, ttf benefit one another, to feed, clothe and comfort the needy in a tangible form. . The widow and the fatherless, aud the sick and afflicted who may be thrown upon the charity of others, by circumstances over which they had no control, should cause the more favored ones to overflow with gratitude, and to remember those who are being tried in their turn as many of us have been in ddy gone by, and being perhaps; more keenly tried in thisHay being both H elkn M. Whitney. proud and sensitive" with the difference that Mrs. M. W. Wilcox Cor. Sec of the Stake is mar&d bet ween the poor and mauy of "the bore a strong testimony to the truth and aj- rich aud prnprous. The excellent discourse delrvered by President George Q. Cannon Feb. luded to the benefit of Ihe Sisters' organizawd-e-ft ' , -- li e Mrs. bM. Kimball "I a to very tHtppy to King Beujainiu that vould, '""'us'airibTciTuiJon."''-- :As President Cannon said capacity. I have traveled more than 0,000 ,4we come far from reaching the standard that miles since I met with you here.- - I have felt God" has held u p for us We a re not as sel We do not love and realized that we were sustained hy the as we should be, faith and prayers of tmr listers at home; there ;ourr neigh bo are trying to do good but there are none struggles we think little, of those that are that many have the truth to lead them as we have. weaker than ourselves, that have not the I went to Washington as a suffragist and I ability that we have, and we pass them in, the, made them feel it was none of their business ' race, and frequently we jostle them out of the in track." As fie says "there is too much of this what church we belong to. I think the the as same of the suffragists are the terest among us." But the Lord has never stopped Relief: Society, and one with the other are His ears to the cries of the humble, and they to woman. I attended the Episcopal can look to Him and, find sympathy and help3 Church there I heardliot ore word "of salvasuccor in the hour of trouble, no matter what tion or who Jesus is. They know nothing position they may be placed in while in this about what we reioice in. One of the best nrAh.itinn h on hqtro f ho nnnammor wfirrta nt f.hp. discourses I heard was froria a womao. ".Those. with whom we conversed had a feeling that we This is a day in whidLIeisteslingHi3 had something they had hot. Let us have no people, and it is for us to watch as well as pray feelips: of bigotry, we ought not to cherish any that we walk not in darkness at noonday. It thing of the kind. We should have an influ13 a time when we need to read His command ence to bless mankind and let our influence ments giveu through the Prophet Joseph for be for good and doing, good la ail we can1 : our iruidance. SrGfa"rkr The time seems upon us in which the Saints referredTo mothers whose sons are upon misare to be tried with wealth. And things that sions and the exercise of faith in God and said T see transpiring remind me, in some? parti cu lars Vf thu few davs of seemmsr prosperity of 3Ifs7B"Wrt5mith , Mrs. E. Howard, Coun. the" Church aTKirtland But those whose E. S. Taylor and Pres. Horne each made suiteyes can be dazzled by gold, or the glittering able remarks containing many valuable ' sugh n i d s onL till they lose and full 6f instruction to mothers and sight of thF greater riches just within our gestions to all who are laboring in the best interests of sell it as were, and, cannot that perish, grasp Relief Society and the uplifting of their birthright for a bowl of pottage, will be the '''-zz:-thus fuiailing a prediction. My father (Heber humanity. ,; Conference adjourned for three months, C. Kimball) was frequently heard ta say that ino-i"When shall we all meetragainTbenc mrTtrfMT7t7r-rtiP tHTinhis neoplewere to Mrs." Diana Reid. be tried with riches, more than all the poverty diction by . ; ..b-.o-t.- j. la. . . ng mv-face- 1 - L - 1 1 . - -- : -- . - -" - I . J"' as-th- . e & k n. -- ' e - - ,.,cUs-e"W- h-- i beroWoii ' -- - . -- " IIrrlary " - -- tv n SCHOOLS OF MUSIC. The evil which appears most liable to develop out of ihe modern tendency is a demand for au imitation of nature a thing incompatible with the highest aspiration of art.' There is not a great composer who has not at some time been tempted to indulge in this tendency. For example, Haydn's imitation of the crowing LBeethpyenV cuckoof quail, aud. nightingale. and his programme tyla :. in the "IWtor; l i -01m" and ;iiitwip .v.umv m;ntin J uiiu aa brayinc donkc J i m. the- 4iilidsummer .Night's Dream.- "- But ruo-iter.- I- . " - I I - l - mm- these, snlifjirv instunnM nf to be condemned iu theory, and exhibiting a tendency which was in general condemned by these composers themselves, would make good aud neautnul music anyway," even 10 persuus who had never heard a cuckoo or a donkey. Of ciurse. we enjoy whatever is beautiful .musino-matter- " what atrtJciou3 "Kumes pray be given to the composition in question. It need not be necessarily highstrung and ' philosophical to be enjoyed. Many a Strauss waltz is thoroughly enjoyable, even if Strauss was not very high -- up m the scale of renned or profound musical thought. Such a .waltz as the "Blue Danube" or ''Artist's - Life," is enjoyable to the best musical taste, when considered in its proper sense; that,-inot in the least intellectual or thoughtful, but pleasing witn its rhythtuical beat ami uggest- U . . i .1.1. L..v dm !.. aimougn mm v uic uauue. to a musical mind, and a healthy bodv.'thH kind of music... fijis a certain place, still it is not elevating. .... The wort class of music aguinst which wo have to defend ourselves is that vulgar, realistic kind of composition, "of which we see so much written for the piano. The thunderstorm piece, in which the listener is told that a certain horrible jargon of dis sonance on the long brass wires is the thunder, aud that thosemeaningless, tinkling notes oa the short wires represent drops of rain on the roof, while the sickjj sentimental melody at the end is the beautirur raiubow. Then there is the battle niece, like the 'Battle of Pratrue " which used to be the climax of musical educa- I ' - IJ iron in maw oi our Doarcung schools for vounir ladies. But a mere listener to this phantasma goria wili .be of more benefit, ami will do more .,,,.,1.1 au v "v- li ita oil jr.iot.i vu.. fillfl;1af ni "en Lire uvjtu. - vuuii AIJU vti ill OUT IJtS UlUJCUIty vfl.jr luccuujcvw the of mistaking music, which does province not treat of length, breadth, or thickness, weignt and coiorr and never can give an imi tation or reproduction ofbjects and things in nature and every-dalife. Even the most aggressive romanticist will not do more thau try to rival the poet in expression of feelino and passion. He will seek strange harmonies, interrupted melodies, violent modulations and unprepared transitions in order to express ecstasy, tear, despair, lie may attempt, like Wagner, to intoxicate us with a crash of trumpets or- drive "us todespaTf "with the roll of a muflled drum. Butrthough this kind of composition satisnes tne most sensitive Hni musically intellectual hearer, and may astonish or frighten the most unmusical, still it does not escape the re proach or criticism of. offending the ear, that s . ear-splittin- A.1 ' : : -- i g . . - y - iSrihWur ing by itself alone, and not alloi wnr Head and heart to take part in the enjoyment. 7 liut that music which has to be labeled and plastered over with directions as to how it ' must be shaken and taken, is not music at all. When an individual's pleasure in listening de- Ji'Ods onl and lightning, or a battle with the Sioux, or some particular babbling brook with two perch swimming in its clear waters,- - then that man ; m ajr be sa i d to haven o ra usi c i n liis soul ho w- ever fit he may be for anything else. in imi aiuiiio musiCT" iuuvu or prescription musie, could be labeled with a thcte . ... ou-cAii- -- : 