CI WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Rev. E. W. Greene spoke briefly, and referred to the absence of skilled mechanics among, young people here, and their great necessity, and1 was hankfHt that., such , an initiation.: as - this was established and which was calculated to increase the number of skilled laborers among the young of Utah. .... Short addresses were also made by R. VV. Sloau, VV. H. Sntdling, J. A. Langton, J. F. Wells and C O Goodwin. Messrs. Easton and Lamoureaux sang "When the Swallows Homeward Fly"-wit- h very excellent ; ' effect. Benediction being pronounced by Rev. E. W, Greene, the dedicatory services were over. ,' LETTER TO THE SISTERS. Cardston, Lee's Creek, Canada, August 2oth, 1890. , I awoke in the morning'jMjeyprdsin. ' ray mind, "If you love rae feed my sheep." God has truly given us Shepherds of His own choosing that have fed us the bread of Eternal life these many years, and through our many trials God has not forsaken us. Our confidence in Him should not be shaken. Let us search the scriptures, and also words given direct to cheer the many lonely and weary ones whose souls need consolation; for by so doing our lives are sweetened with the honey of -e -- truth; the sun through air gathering clouds of persecution, to give light to our path, for Father has made it so simple and plain. The world, yes, the saints, oft make mistakes and. seek to climb rugged paths that do not result in their best good, we need strength and wisdom every day and hour to be given us,to keep in sight ' , the star of peace. 1 am here in the great north west of Canada, and it is so quiet like, primitive Utah. My sea this land over of wander covered thoughts - that I came. Here in Canada I find the true and faithful, seeking to do the Father's will. Although no echo of steam rends the air, no pomp or splendor-gliste- ns toailtire the attention of old or young. The love that adorns saints and happir fies stimulates to action, there must be a variety and here are the toils of life and the same kind that is met with in new, countries; there is but very little sickness deaths in 3 years; there is one very sick brother now, through an accident was thrown into a stream of water and took cold. To the sisters throughout the world let us be true to ourselves and our God, remembering we are in the foldqfChrist, Jlis spirit has sanctioned our legal entry, and if we will feed the sheep, the Iambs will not go a stray, let us not loose sight of the truth, the Shepherd careth for the flock, forgetting not our every day duties.and caring for the redemption of the dead, that-w- e may lay up treasures in heaven. LLUst thiesldeJitsJiajre4ookedftF4heif-r-"- port's. It Is wltTTmuch labor that the Secretaries prepare their reports, this also will bring a rich reward to those that get an experience. Isaiah says the daughters of Zion shall be polished after the similitude of a palace, and this will be brought abouf by all doing their duty, and may air have the gift of wisdom with power to over come that we may have faith to feed the " flocks that they faint not. Zina D. H. Youxg, President Relief Society. may-shin- God given Queen yet lives,, of her ex?... cellent laws has been maintained, we honor their -- justice, and may they never be sullied by a policy that injures the innocent. Any tract of land that we have ever dwelt upon has been paid for and blest by the Ruler of heaven and Maker of the earth for which we return thanks; we should have confidence in her Majesty's laws for over fifty years noligiojisej'secutionjiasbeen tolerated against the saints. In this quiet nook my health is improving and thus I feel to labor and encourage others to. walk in the path given us by the organizations so complete. They enable us to work on a broader platform andto do raore good than any women on the earth. '... 721 I have confidence in our faith fuir tried sisters TO PUBLISHERS. Publishers will confer a favor by giving in their paper, notice of the following. Owing to the severe illness and probable death of the publisher of WomaiUs Directory y the Directory will be discontinued for a while. ED f Woman's Directory i ; -- -- ( -- tbatjrrsxar sphere," bless- to ing the sick and afflicted, so bless others and they lay up treasures in heaven. self-sacrifici- -- Sister Jane S Wi? - sweeter. ng Gratefully thy aged friend, John Bathsheba Richards-andTSist- er i GWnitf ier; are.withTyou,aL'Jiome':And-aTeeverd- sirous and comfort with many other faithful and true sisters ; seek their advice and to meet with the Relief Society for mutual benefit and much good is done by promoting confidence and faith, and thus we gain wisdom and knowledge: .1 uoc sure 1. Key 10 airecius is xms, mat w builds up is from above, and the reverse is from io-ble- ss "beneath;" I woulcl say to ray sisters who are scattered, it requiresa feam'Xmaycan be their own team sters) seek to assemble with the sisters, all samts snouia naya tneir namesTenroiiea in the Relief Society, we need the faith of each other to advance in spiritual life, we are commanded to d for faith the once earnestly delivered to the con-ten- -- 7, m. 1, 1890. Friend:I have received thy beautiful book with jjreat satisfaction. As a truthful picture of the old friendly 'life, it seems to me perfect ; and I give thee my heartfelt thanks for the privilege of reading it. Our dear Society seems changing and becoming more like the Calvinistic and other DissentingjChurcheA both indoctrines and testimoniesbut the good work it has done, and the simple exteriors of its lives in the past will not be rfustHOTgtovrtB you, it was riglT WOMAN SUFFRAGEIT LOGAN. A massimeeting was- held the Tabernacle TuedarSept.:2, forlhe purpose of the Logaa branch of the Woman, Suffrage Asso- - jn the Territorial Association,and Mrs. Lula Greene RicharwereupfromSairLalce and 'occupied he stand in company with Mrs. Lettie Thatcher MesdamesMo Sanders and others. Mrs. Kimball was elected chairman, and Mrs. Farr secretary. Mrs. Kim- umi endeavored to explainOhe necessi - nf t i CtMIln I government. Most of the omcers elected at the first nc-mie- s-oi meeting resigned and secretaryv-Mi- M. ss t, t, secre- ThinercoTresponditrg tary, Miss,A. Parry; chairman Ex. Com. Mrs. P. Hendrickson; members of the Board, Miss Mrs. B. Goodwin, Mrs. M. Hurst, Miss L. Hovey, Miss Cassiday. Speeches were made by Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mrs. Adeline Barber, Mrs. Lucy W. Kimball, President O. Smith, and Councilor S. M. Moien. Selections upon the . franchise were reTdbyMrs. T7uIaGreene Richards and Mrs. S. M. Kimball. ead, HOW WE SPENT OUR TIME. Accepting an invitation from Sister Anna K. S moot, Pres. of the Primary Associations cf Utah Stake, Counselor Lillie Freeze accom-- . pan ied bvStakeJlssist. Mrs. Jane Freeze of ecYv:IAsToeiali on the early morning train oPAug. 26th and were met at Pleasant Grove by the combined Y. L., and P. A., Presidency of the R. Ass'u, of Utah Stake who had planned a visit through the northern settlements, on a tour of. inspection and encouragement to the sisters and children laboring in these organizations. At Pleasant Grove the Primary met at 10 a. mr with attendance of over 130 members, as is usually the case, the girls largely predominating. The programme was.. weirrendereu throughout. At 2 p. m. a meet ing of tjie R. S. and Y. L. convened at which appropriate and spirited addresses were given by rres. Anna JvF bmoot, Pres. Mary John Pres. Zina Lyon, the two visitors from Salt Lake and others,' many'point3 particularly into women were dwelt upon and an teresting ' 11 ! a-lar- ge . granite mils.' Mr. Whittier has written the following-lette- r to A. O. Boyca regarding her pleasant book, Mrs. ' "Records oj' a Quaker Family." Oak Knoll, Danvers, Mass., :V- Mr Deak vice-presiden- A the-digpit- 6 vice-presiden- . 1 eiceixeuu gpirii prevailed. Tuesday, 26th we entered the charmintr little retreat of Alpine, never shall we forget tne scene ot rural beauty that burst upon our v isioiL a? jyfijcouniifid'.the.JbilUlead ing i&to the--pretty village nestled at. the foot of the michtv. - 5 the new ones elected are as follows: President, Mrs. Lettie Mrs. Sarah Farr; first Thatcher; second Mrs.Mary Farr; , We met with the Primary at 10 a. m., here while the girls led in numbers the boys were very well represented and showed marked in-- ; terest', everything on the programme was per- formed-t- o the credit of teachera and children. 2 'At o'clock, a meeting of the R. S. was which much encouragement was given held, at to the ceaseless toilers "our mothers." Part of the company went to Lehi that night and an evening meeting was held." in the interest of the Y. L. a good attendance of bright, intelligent, earnest girls showed that they wece still alive to . their- - duties though laboring under disadvantages. Pres. Lyon " Mrs. Jane and Lillie Freeze addrpssp thft themseives. rrfsiiTanouslopics of interest to And at sunrise on the morning of the 27th, we reluctantly left the beauty, melody, the. sublime influence of peace which - " hangs as a mantle over this little village. At American Fnrk w vcaitaA thma and a half for a delayed train which debarred us from the enjoyment of hearing the exercises of the children at Lehi, but as we arrived at the meeting house, just at theTose of 'the meeting some of the singing was repeated -- -- sun-shin- . e, proving the excellent talent jgfJhQHiMrfih; to IcrnTthaFa. number of boys took part in the programme, pres. Smoot and the other visitors assured ul that the meeting was a success. A IivelJ meeting of the sisters held in the afternoon showed that they were alive to their , duties as saints, progressive in spirit and m their labors for the improvement of.,. -- un-dauut- That night we attended an exnepdinfrlir in ed ft r 