A 'I- two f . - 7 9 ,1 kU PiftW VI -- f J r No. 18. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY 15, 1890. - AndreMYoiMnjP (Ism Q whC."Count ry, an d x : Qb ourhearts are lonely yet, Lonely,' yearning, fobbing pet; Gone from earth oursweetest treasure, Gone7ltbTthee, life's brightest pleasure, Only Hope left in the measure And sweet Mem'ry, precious pet ! Star of Bethlehem. An Ancient Convent Burned. V" Notes and News. Hepbzibah. R. S. Reports Utah W. S. A. Important St. Charles-Da- vis. Item- sWoodruff, His Views EDiTORiALt-Presid- ent "on the Present Situation. "Fear Not, Zion." Editorial Notes. Notice. A Loved One Passed God is good, we turn and say, Stricken hearts, a little day And a little night of sorrow, Then a waking on the morrow, No more grief our hearts shall borrow ' In the dawn of God's bright day- - . Away. Poetry: Departed. A. M. Hewlings. AVe Have Been Poor L. Rubv Lamont. Together Augusta Joyce Chrocheron. Poem. -- DEPARTED. L, M. HEWLIXGS. The-glorfrom ray day has all departed, RMntv has vanished and doquenceis .hushed; nreconciled, 1 wanaer nea dust Rehearsing bitterest words, ' Dust "unto In vain I listen through the long Still Evening, Watching with wearyeyes thro' gathering gloom, For one sweet voice to break the stillness round me, For sound of footsteps that will never come. BY vy-uc- , Ruby Lamont. Alone I sit with mem'ries of my darling. dumb. W hcse voice gave' thrill of gladness, now grown To love's owa call responsive e'en in madness; were done. Ready of heart and will, good deeds, I gather up with tortured heart love's treasures, Letters and books, and precious things bestowed, Racked with the thought of ties forever severed, Jlo walk henceforth alone upon life's ro.id. Science, philosophy, searching mysteries, fled? Must we vainly question where has love-ligAffections that made life here Elysian, I Answer to the soul's reason, dispel this dread Into delightful fields of exploration. The occult and hidden things bring to view. Climbing successive rounds in nature's kingdom, of old and new. Solving wondrous problems, both ht Search beyond these bounds into infinity, The nature of soul itself to us reveal; for city, Uplift the veil that hides the sought government unseal! And the great ' Science and philosophy both are silent, Powerless to raise the veil.or further climb, vision finite,Beyond the bounds of mortal Such knowledge comes but thro a power divine, law-giver- 's " A POEM. . " Precious darling; mama's joy, Vacant is thy pjace. sweet boy Oh, my heart is nigh to breaking, Sleeping darling, or awaking,. Still that heavy r heavy aching- -For my lost, my precious boy ! Busy feet, bright, curly head, : Are ye truly, truly dead? v of full kisses, Little lips so of full blisses, so Little heart Little hand with soft caresses. - Can it be that ye are dead AN ADDRESS. COUNTRY, AND WOMEN IN OTHER LANDS. A few years, since to be a prominent ridicule suffragist was to subject one's self to he- - descri pt ion of strong d kfavorv & mi minded women, so graphicallybut so unkindiy M portrayed in the character, of rs. Jelly by , by Charles Dickens, was pretty generally accepted. If a woman inclined to be literary or business- like she was at once pronounced a perfect Mrs. ToilxrW nnt alwav?. in truth, bv the'inen, for the conversion of the women has been one of the hardest tasks for the pioneer suilragist. subject was in its When this Dickens was of all novelist? the most he exerted his popular; he was the fashion and down a quesfine efforts to ridicule aud laugh o formidable for even tion which has proved-tosubthe wonderful pen of this gifted writer to due. Hb volumes of wit and sarcasm oyer which the world so raved, and without which seldom no library is quite complete, are row taken from their shelves, save to remove the thought of, dust, and Mrs. Jellyby is scarcely while the enfranchisement of woman is a question of - the hourUtJsconst antlybefore the public, and increases in popularity every day. The daily papers are full of reports ofornan8 "wortTTn philanthropy, temperance, eaucaiioc, the industries, dress reform, literature, medIt has icine, social reform, politics and art. become a national question. The long petitions which are annually sent to Congress are each cy, all-importa- -- -- : ? 1 Dazed, my heart is, precious love Up I look, dear, up above; Through the blue I try to find thee. Oh. my heart hath ne'er resigned theel Dost thou darling, dost thou mind me In thy brighter home, sweet love? t Oh, I mind thee in the mora EreThe golden light be born. J'VZ earlengthened-bjthousands-of-new-nam- er until now the suffrage women are like a great new recruits, army, gaining new strength, every brightening and improving their weapons on to hour, and steadily and surely marching TnTcomparatively new country, and 'under woman a liberal republican government where held in high .regard and receives most splendid educational advantages, one almost wonders 13 asked, andHhe why" any greater freedom rich society lady says, "I don't wish to bother with that question, I always thought I had drudge lady says, rights enough' and the poorthese; to think of things, its no iI haven't time But there is.a, change; some use any way.''. 13 and she must earn a living, She tries first teaching, and if her education is thorough she. succeeds moderately well, but the work is very, hard and the wages not extra; still she does-n- ot complain for awhile, but she wonders how who lives, near and teaches a similar Xt school to her'snauages to Jive M:jnucb better than" she can, aid she enquires about his salary and finds it nearly double her own. Does he work longer or harder? Dots he accomplish more? Oh, no; but then he is a man, and men .. cannot be expected to teach for as little as women. Oh, then thinks this little lady, the men better do all the teaching; so she decides to clerk, and obtains a situation in a large dry and goods house; she is a very pleasing clerk, from .eight in theT is kept busy all day Ion morning until eight at night, handing down goods and measuring yards of - this and yards of that, suggesting contrasts- aud assorting; 'that,; I wonder shades. A very nice sales-ladwhat she receives? Oh, pretty good pay (for a woman), sixty dollars a month; so, and the who does just , young man at the next counter, .the same kind- - of work and comes and goes at the same hour, does he get sixty dollars also? Certainly notl he is a man with a young family; and little he has one hundred and twenty-five- , sales-lad- y enough it is at that. And has the she has an invalid . Yes, t no one to support? mother, for whom she must always try to do a little extra, and twogrowiug boys to feed, : the lady sees that men clerks are so much more deserving, she decides to learn a trade, and possibly becomes a printer; being quite apt and bright it is not and most particular long before the principal work in the office is given to her. Pay day. less arrived, and this bright woman receives than the man at the next case, and she knows she has done more work, and she asks, hosr is that? Oh, says the employer, men are" paid are paid sixty cents a thousand, and women the only instances forty. And these are not of industry that are conducted on this princifactories and ple; in fact, it is so in the large in almost every branch of work. ; teaches soon kind this A few experiences of the rich societydady that she really has not all the rights she Wants, and, in trying to better her own conditionLshe learns that other women suffer injustice too; she has awakened to the' call, and she joins the army; and the poor 'drudge lady, she nasnerex)eruci,uu,rebels against and so sad, that she finally has also she the wrongs and injustice done her, awakened and becqm woman takes The independent, the leadership, and in reviewing, the vast amount of work she has accomplished, she In 1848 it was certainly deserves the place. who called a women only some half dozen Convention at Seneca Talls, New York, and demanded equal educational, industrial, professional and political, rights for women, now the different organizations of women can rights they scarcely be numbered. Of those been wholly then demanded, not many have obtained, unless we except the professional; but "barrier have been burned away, waus y n. " - , ever-leadin- g; VOME,OF OUiToWN - ; Give uTgrace, O, Father kind. Through this gloom Thine Hand to find, Ever strengthening, In our hearts Thy mercy pleading, Healing still the hearts that, bleeding, Turn to Thee for balm to bind y - , ,eTthendaTkeaiSTiurplefoamirig', In their distant, silent scorn. Greeting. Women in Other Lands. A. W. S. M Kimball. Dawning of a Brighter. Day. M. A. N. Bowring. A Happy Occasion. Lottie Webb. Millard Co., W. S. A. M. A. Y. G. 7- had rights day. perhaps this society lady who enough is left a widow, and bhe awakes to the And I mindjhee in the gloaming. And when beacon stars are roamimg CONTENTS. . -- The Bights of the Women of 7Aon, and ihe Bights, of the Women of all Nations. ; Vol.: 18. - - '1! -- ny free;-thinkin- g 4nn A sTT7r nnil no Universities have opened their doors, the platform seeks the lady lecturer; and such positions as physicians and police matrons, that 1 1 1 