WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164 and the dear children, that I may be inspired boys and girls, many of them" bigger than you, shft felt would he po lonr how could the enMrs. Pearce meantime led dure it, yet she enjoyed the roses, and pinks, I to read tne true sentiments, or my dear sisters and likely older. the way m through the open door and hall and and peonies and even the southern wood in the in the spirit in wnicn mey were written, for we know that the letter is dead unless inspired showed her the great, square mjm with the white front yard, and the children brought her fre?h muslin curtains and a snowy counterpane on wild flowers every day and the robins sang.at by the spirit of God. When we reflect upon the strange surroundthe comfortable IooKing bed so homelike, luf, her windows every., morning early. Those and and were not of the days trains daily mails, ings in which we as .a people are placed, we Hepsie paused on the threshold a moment did and even not have the floor her sanded detestation, it Hepsie opportunity N Lean readily see that it is neoessaey, to be alive gazed on the always set her teeth on edge, the good lady of going home on baturday; in fact there was" to our duties, and not neglect a moment in did not observe it, then she saw the reaily no conveyance, yet she was only ten which we can improve our minds, and gain miles away. 'She had ..never, been allowed to more faith in filled with fresh green boughs' and knowing Father,-fo- r what falterall ideas of love were very occupation upon this earth is more pleasing to her read novels, and "she would be expectedT6"8ayloralEthin ingly said "how nice and fresh everything is, I crude, but for want of suitable employment for him; is it not to bring souls unto Him? Then of the can th ere be any labor more pleasant for a like an .hast room. x "Yes said the good lady the. mind, or perhaps ' a presentiment " ."Mr. Beam en told us you were a daiuty future, Hephzibah allowed her th'oughU to" daughter of Zion, than to train these beautiful little piece and not used to tar m folks like us", drift away into the reelms of fancy and center children, to remain pure and true, and to be and that you objected to boarding round, and upon love, the girl actually needed some stimuever walking in the fear of God. I think not. and see not that! could for she watch a brain like hers, that lus he wanted us to over you, Sometimes we hear the Christian say that his no "Mormons came around here; for my part find in a country sehoolhouse, and its being a constant companion5 is his Holy Bible. Thia I dont know nothin. about Mormons-o- r what romantic spot, and the time of roses and of is well, but here we have children whose spirits tbey,relike." Hepsie wondered what she ought love she alio a ed her imagination to anticipate" have come f rom-ha- t great God in whose imge to say but silence seemed the only way to avoid the coming of a lover. At any rate ha came. they have been created, their souta are pure -manifested uo interest It was much Tbe" fields their minds are free from' deceit, therefore questioning:, and she, whatever, though her thoughts were busy with were gay with lilies and daisies buttercups should any one desire more interesting society coniecturea as to what" it all meant. Was she and cowslips besprinkled the meadows. The than that of children; they will ennoble oar then to be watched like a prisoner? she could groves were "tuneful with the songs of birds all souls, enlarge our hearts, and aid .us: in be' not comprehend it. day long and in the midsummer nights, the coming perfect like unto the Gods. She inquired the way to the sehoolhouse made whippoorwill and other night-bird- s When reading the pride that some people and Mrs. P. offered to go with her. "I'll go raelodv.e Fate held out onen arms to resnond take in the different employment by which .i down the hill and show you the way, the to the unconscious aspirations ot..'the little are trying, to excel their neighbor, and children's wailin for you with great bunches maiden, and while the roses were yet in bloom they become perfect, they will work night and day ot roses and youngsters this long time. and the hay lay fresh in the meadows, she met and will not leave their work for the .weather when was relieved Mrs. P. "pinted him, whom she recognized intuitively to be to Hepsie spoil, or the work of another hand to soil, out" the little red sehoolhouse and left her to connected with her destiny. 'T was strange, but toil on till their aim is attained. Do we her own thoughts. The "children flocked 'twas wonderful and it was unavoidable. It as Latterday Saints take such cara" and pride around their; their sweet came about ihTuch a queer way that poor unwith our children this sacred trust? Should we "good mornings," and Hepsie entered upon sophisticated confused Hephzibah could noUell leave our children one moment, without knowher new duties with a determination thatwhat- - whether to be glad or sorry, whether it was true ever difficulties sheftmigbt have to enconnter, love or only romance no girl it seemed to her ing their surroundings are pure. How can a true parent enjoy any pursuit id this lifev withshe would persevere. , had ever been wooed in Isuch a fashion. out knowing his children to be fortified against Day , after da she pursued her vocation, Returning from school one hot, sultry the sins which are imbibed by evil habits. Our ;.and weary 'and exhausted with her toil to summer's day Farmer Pearce introduced to her children are our eternal blessings. All other .which "she was so unaccustomed, after return-- ' a young man "just from abroad" he said. In earthly treasures may crumble to dust; hut our i ing home she" would throw "herself down upon shaking hands with him a peculiar emotion children's souls are immortal, they are ours, if the bed and weep, the- only outlet she bad for such as 1 1m gi rl h ad never before expefi en ced we do our duty towards them and God. i nervousness and After restthrilled through her like an electric thock, or a , . Sarah E.Cluff. ing a few momentajhejould wander away. arninffrerfjfCTentmientraiiirtoWseTt i len t Jv Jnto the beautiful meadows that adjoined the she said i)aomethuiff:tQ.dowitiv MISCELLANEOUS. my tuture destiny, my fate. good old people scarcely kuew what to think 2 JIad she avoided .of do, much deep sorrow might have been spared There are two freedoms the false, where "even wanted me to take the sand off the floor her, but who knows if out of this crucible she man is free to do what he likes; the true, could'nt stand it, and as for victuals no matwas not tested aud prepared to enter upon a where man is free to do what he ouj ter what we have she only eats like a bird.'' higherjarid grander. " Kingdcy. Such were some of the comments made to the just introduced found many subjects of If you could once make up your mind which neighbors, part of always reached Miss conversation equally interesting to both, and never to undertake more work of any sort ; vt Hathaway. they talked jate into the night z The farmer It was a lonely place the families., were and his wife sat and listened as if enchanted. than you can carry on calmly, quietly without " scattered there was no feel society for Hepsie, and The door was open toward the grove and the hurry or flurry, and the instant you aaturally enough she sauntered about in starch night:birds sang their, clearest, highest 'notes,' yourself growing .nervous, would stop and take breath; you would find this simple, of wild flowers, and the songs of many birds with occasionally a minor key a mournful common sense rule doing for you what no was the only music. Even on Sunday it was sound that seemed to Htphzibah like the note five miles to the nearest meetinghousetand prayers or tears ever could ever accomplish. of sadness mingled with the - deepest joy; Hepsie did not care to hear the orthodox Harold the stranger who was both poetical and" Elizabeth Prentiss. minister after having heard the "Mormon y musical in his nature involuntarily reneated That part of life, which we ordinarily Elders." It wa3 all so tame there wa3 nothing tbos? thrword conversation is an indulgence es;auif He nes of Byron's which so many edifying orrelevating-irr- " s nave quoted since, to'the sociable part of our make, and should , sit jn her own room and read, or write and to incline us to bring our proportions of good will "It is the hour when from the boughs take long walks alone; and Farmer Pearce and or good.h'umor among 4he friends we meet -The nightingale's high note is heard; his wife were not sectarians made no profesIt is the hour when lover's vows with, and not to trouble them with reiations v sion of religion and never attended any place" Seem sweet in every whispered word." whichmusT oi worsnp or feigned affliction. Cares, distresses, disease?, This was the first meeting of the It? may well be imagined that a temDerament young people but it was most auspicious " for Harold fell utietsIfess71im3iai8liI:e"of our own are by no T like Hepsie's could not long endure this monin love and did not hesitate to ask means to be obtruded upon our friends. If otonya reaction: was bound to follow, she was desperately we would consider how little of this vieisitudes when he could see Miss . restless, teaching children their. A. B. Hathaway again,before of motion and rest, which we call CY or life, ii spent V . Arithmetic, Grammar, Geography; Beading, they parted that midsummer night. with satisfaction, we should be more tender of Wri ting. History and Composition was not our friends than to bring them little sorrows enough ; to satisfy an ambition like Hepsie's. which do not belong: to them. There is no real EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. She longed Jbr something more, she had been I life but ch eerf u 1 li fie therefor ealeTudtnaf ianF .ussd.to ths companionship'of oth era Jier equals MANUSCRIPT FAPER R A. PROVO. should be Sworn, before . they enter into and her superiors, her sisters, her mother. Mrs. company, not to say a."" word of themselves until - Grovsenor and her former teachers had been As I have been called upon by your presi- - the meeting breaks upJpectat3or'. an incentive to. her, and now she realized how - maeh this: association-of- in telligtnteopie had ing or umiaence comes over me, and 1 feel to Tenriched her life; three months of drudgery, Eleven women are on the school boards of me prayers and confidence of sister my ix citiesTin Norway. t -- fire-pla- ce our-Heaven- ly like-presentime- .... J , new-teacher- witb - - pent-upemot?on- s. h?rrto . ; under-stand-b- 1 -- , . 1 