63 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. in Utah, and a gala day rfrfLogan and Cache Co. "Many distinguished visitors were present from l!.?.?.iAn d Je Ll?J. . idea of the spirit of their meetings, "Sister Jane- S. Richards spoke of our having all our faculties continued even to old aSe to Mother Gilbert who had been sixty living at the years in the Church, and was-st- ill ripe age of ninety yeirs; dwelt eloquently upon the coming of the Savior and the need of spiritual development j also upon the bountiful harvest, the g influx-o- f strangers in ourmidst.the grain and also fortifying our children againts evil influences especially saloons and drinking places. Sister Richardsmade a strong appeal to the sisters to sustain their own publication the - were received from those specially interested living at a distance who could not be present. The hour for commencing the exercises was 10 a. mi The lecture hall was well filled and there were present of the Board of Trustees, W. Sr McCormick,-PresidentrGov.--Ar L. Thomas ; --Re- ferred . need-of-sav-in- W.H.Brown and Mr. Hills, of Utah county; of. Salt Lake; R; W.Cross Of M. B..Sowles, Woman's. Exponent. Sister E. B. Wells spoke upon several subjects of interest particularly the blessing and' privilege of the. work for the dead. Sisters R. W. Tyler L. Houd, and the President Sister Eyre each said a few..vvords bearing testimony to the truth of the principles of.the everlasting Gospel and express-ing their desires to be faithful'nd "endure all things. Choir sang ''Joseph Smith's first prayer." Benediction by Wm. Wood. -- - INTERESTING ITEMS. we went on our journey to England. Our cottage was near the office, where It was some time before the President had business attended to; (the date I 'cannot now remember)butT think it can- be found if necessary. Brother Brigham was - said to be sickr after as or better, and around. Then a paper was sent to me to read, and copy what I felt might interest me. The slight indispostion of the President was the effect of I only copied a little piece, that might be with mtall the time and this was the case the more than five years I was away. This jaw? little memento, old but still whole, I now copy for the help of others. It reads as fol-, .., y a-d- ay two-be-w- "" lows: ""-'- ,.-- . , "Joseph stepped towards me and looked very , Jiim jphat I. s this was" the" answer:" ''Tell the people to be humble and faithful, and be sure ,to keep! the .spirit of the Lord, and it wflriead them right. Be careful and not turn away the still small voice; it will teach you bow to do, where to go, it will yield the fruits of the Kingdom Tell the brethren to keep, their hearts open to conviction, so that when the Holy Ghost comes to them, their hearts will be ready to receive it. They can tell the spirit of the Lord from all other spirits,. it will whisper peace and joy to their hearts and souls; it will take malice, hatred, strife, and all evil from theirlieartiancL their, whole desirewilLhetQdaL good bring forth righteousness, and build up the Kingdom of God. Tell the brethren ff they will do this, follow the spirit of the Lord, they will gxr?rghtrBiJ3 f Weber county; J. T. Hammond and C. F. Olsen, of Cache county; also Moses Thatcher, G. W. Thatcher, Bishop Wm'.-Ji- . Preston, Mrs. Eddy, G. G. By water,, of Salt Lake; Orson Smith, S. M. Molen, Isaac Smith, Rev. E. W. Greene, Judge William Goodwin, Commissioner C. C. Goodwin, Treasurer Bolivar Robers, of Salt Lake;. Mayor I. D. Haines, R. S. Watson, Seth A. Langton, James A. Langton, W. H; Apperley, MrTannerrAr G E. Partington, John T. Caine, Jr., Si A. Kenner, Dr.-j- V disclose how broad was the basis on which it was founded. The Deseret University can not ... haQ. gratan SUi&dtutwa. aUjnaay, became, until,. the Territory has schools sufficiently advanced to send up to the "University a class of students more highly educated than how. Free schools will do much to this end if the present law can be enforced, as I believe it will. The next act was the foundings of an institution for the education of deaf mutes, by which they can become less removed from us and be made of greater, use as men. Then came the establishment cf the reform school. Then follows the agricultural college. The passage of this act was the first time that the great agricultural classes had been recognized in Utah. It seems to me that the agricultural classes, like the soil they cultivate, are ever patient and yielding. All the good,.the success of the world and of the race is directly traceable to agriculture and to the industries founded upon -- itbeagriculru in their ranks is found in trying citizens, and times the greatest patriotism and loyalty in the E. R. Nielson and many others. . Of course Prof, Troubles never arise from the agriSanborn, president of the faculty, and others of world. cultural, classes." the faculty were also in attendance. Pres. McCormick first addressed the vas.t .asBishop Wm. B. Preston was the next speaker, he gave a brief sketch of agricultural pursuits, in sembly and announced ' that the Agricultural College of Utah was now open and ready for the detail, and the needs and advantages thereof, and after summing it all up says:"May I add also that'. dedicatory services. He made very appropriate rin the education of the man, the heart should not and suggestive introductoryremarks, The opening exercise was a piano solo by Mrs. be forgotten; andjhatby the great intelligence r brought to bear upon agriculture the primal puR. W. Sloan. Pres. McCormick in a rather humorous manner rsuitthe labor of the Jarmer may become a more popular pursuit; andThat the straying mind of introduced Prof. Sanborn of the Experiment Station of Utah and President of the College, who youth may be recalled with delight to the best and oldest pursuit of the human race." ... after some preliminary remarks said: "By the inAfter Bishop Preston had finished, Mrs. R. troduction" of these colleges was projected into the educational designs of this country a new W. Sloan sang an operatic selection which was highly applauded. idea for a new class. The old classical education Mrs. S. W. Eddy then delivered an address I think might be termed a dress parade education. upon the higher education of woman which is By the institution of agricultural educational said by those present to have been the most colleges a broader and a deeper idea was in brilliant effort of the day. The Logan Journal troduced an idea which recognized the great vatulTdf "the" pfodulciw of tivTng" to Ihem the"Benefir of scientific re searches, of encouraging a new form of education with the wisdom of giving them the benefit of a irromTses'ttf'glw which will be anxiously looked Geo. G. By water Esq., then the relation of mechanics to paper was an able effort and for. read a paper on education. His was warmly aphigher culture than they had previously enjoyed ' plauded. He dwelt at some length upon the future de Next was a telegram from the father of the bill velopment of the race through the medium of the which brought the Agricultural College into new education, and this he believed fully because of what this education had done for man in the past. It had procured his physical, mental and Manti, U. T., Sept. 4, 1890. Prof. Sanborn, Logan: religious freedom." I congratulate the people of Utah on the Here Mr. Lamoreaux sang a song which was : auspicious event of the opening of an Agricultural warmly received. Professor Sanborn then read the following tele College and Experiment Station in Logan. Mav this institution prove successful in endearins- the gram, just then received from Hon. John T. Caine, noblest of all pursuits to the hearts of our youth Washington, D. C: anu in iurnisning our larmers with such methods President J. W. Sanborn: I congratulate as may lacihtate their labors and bring them the the people of the Territory upon the opening of " the AgncjraKCoJlegeoI Utah--undsuch" greatest results. Yours truly, favorable auspices. An act of Congress, recently - Anton .H. Lund. approveoVappropnates to --Agricultural-Colleges This dispatch was also received with applause. fifteen thousand dollars for each year, increasing Mr. R. C. Easton then sang "Annie Laurie " the amount one thousand dollars a year for ten with such effect that the assemblage would not years thereafter. At the end of that time the aprestjmtil they heard another verse. propriation to be $25,000 annually. This, in ad Hon. Moses Thatcher followed in the line of dition to the appropriation of $15,000 for the ex Mrs. Eddy, by showing the power within the reach periment stations. Success to. the Agricultural of woman. He referred to Miss Carroll who College of Utah. planned the opening of therTennessee river John T. Caine. . which decided the late civil, war in favor of the . (Applause.) v Union, and to Bismarck, who, while he made Pres. McCormick. thenintroduced the Governor emperors and nations bow, was himself humbled of Utah Ter, Arthur L. Th omas. In the course of his remarks the Governor said:"As a Territory by a woman. Dr. J. M. Tanner also responded in a brief but Utah has done well for education. Reading in the statutes we find that very soon after the happy effort, contending that while the new idea-founding of this Territory, an act was passed of education would become more and more dodu- it would only serve to increase the interest establishing the University of Deseret. It was lar, and an evidence of great courage to do so great.,.a the strengthen the old. Therefore opening of this college and wished fit God- thing at so early a day. Reading in the law wiJl J. . " , ; - --- spirit of the Lord; and if they will, they will find themselves just as they were organized by our Father in HeaverLJbefore ihey - came intothe world. Our Father in Heaven organized the .human family but they are great lioriiusion1 osephrihen;showed me the how pattern they were in the beginning this I cannot describe, but I saw it and saw where the Priesthood bid been taken from the earth; and how it must be joined so there will be a perfect -- dii4rom4ther-ant- Q Tell the people to be sure to keep the spirit of the Lord and follow it and it wilLlead them just-rigP The whole was very interesting, but this was all I cared to take from the manuscript. S. G. R. ht - er - ' AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. The opening of the Agricultural College situated at Logan, Cache Co., was a great event hrintrrf - 