tV T20 a nice present on the tree, I wonder yihat it red win will be,.U 1 think 1 know what JI give me, a wedding ring but you not need time yet saM Hess, Harry will one for a V.n. n a "tri a tr n ir" II r ttlJ mind." w. fU MVS kill UVAIl I VHIICHIIWJ jiminiii, with a said this She merry laugh, which' showed her dimples. December 25th 1841. The tables were set in the dining, hall, the fenders bright, and a fire made of wood in the grate, every thing neat - and in order, lacking to make a , : , .: merry Christina. - Knock, - knock, at the hall door indicated mat me visitors were coming m pumvu m the hospitably of the good old folks at the mansion. While peal3 of laughter were heard in the hall as tach visitor entered the parlor. There .hung Tom in effigy, in the tree look that the girls thought it was ing so natural i . .II nuJiafii ir up iiu'rtv, -u- -w ij . i i jit;uu me reaiiy tree in a nook and stood the figure face 'out, Rtnrwlinnr fall Ha lifV lm wna thfi first un and ! r hid to see what effect it would have on the gjrls when they went in. He had not long 10 wan as tney were tne next up to scu wuai presents were thero for them. .Lucia and Hessie made such a racket with their laughter and exclaiming "there's ..Tom in the tree," their noise brought the old folks. They went around to shake himrand saw his bit of fun. na nnrl nm wptp nn!t a flnliaVitprl' icltb tliA surprise. Tom chuckled at his success. Mrs G rover stepped into her sitting room and a. placed nr.r inmgs oi industry on tne tree. They all saw their presents and were delighted out of his hiding place and found lomcame i l i t nis socks, wnen ne was pleased ne made rnymes aod expressed himself. "Ar'n't they nice." A 1 1 1 -- , : . . - j , The Woman's Suffrage Association of Emery , Co., wai organized .at Castle Dale, 1889. Mrs. E. Howard of Salt Lake City was chosen Chairman and Katbinka Andersen Secretary pro., tem. Officers nominated and sustained by vote.' For Pres.-Sar- ah Ann Fulmer, of Orangeville; First Vice Pres. Mary Ann SIc'Donougb, of Castle Dale; Second, Caroline ArLarsen,-CastlDale; ThirdAdelia Oct.-19th- e ng ; -- W. S. A'. ORGANIZATIONS: . and-nothi- EXPONENT OMAN'S -- Maekleprang,- Huntington; - Fourth, Paulina Pace,. Pricevzz Secretary, Jeh n y Cox, Ora n ge vi er Cor. Sec. "Joan n a Cu rtis. Or an orevilleL - 1 .. .... 1 .... At Washington, D. C.,I)ec. 16, in the U. S. Senate, a, memorial, was ' presented for the fldmisinn nf Wvnrm'ruf ns a Sfatp. nnvl nn tu same day a bill-wintroduced by Senator as 3Iand ersoiK of iu i ll the States. 7 Treasurer, Marie Olsen, Castle Dale. Execu tive Committee, Amanda bhipp, Castle Dale, Anne Pulfipher, Huntington; Jossia Childs, Orangeville; Hannah Seely, Castle Dale; Hannah 0. Larsen, Castle Dale. All these .nominations-wer- esolidly sustained . - -Ji,f fnr - h rii.sk , - - woman . RiifTVoA . & ' Ell Spirited speeches were delivered bv several of; the ladies, including Mrs. Howard who explained the legal condition of woman clearly. Mr. Wm. Howard made a verv eloouent speech on the subject also, all tending to stimulate the cause ot the right and value of Woman Suffrage in Utah and all. the United States. Ivathinka Andeesos, Sec. pro. tern. l MEETING AT LOGAN. . - -- I rnrn ml - MASS 1 "B"in - n - 1 men, at least one woman should have a place on the boar4d. Ex. 1 Logan City Dec. 10th, 1889. At 10 a. in. a Mass Meeting ot the women ot (iache Co., assembled in the Tabernacle for the purpose of organizing a Woman Suffrage Association. Mrs. E. Howard called the attention of rhp As sembly; singing; a fervent prayer wa3 offered oy LUcy I5r l uung. Mrs. Howard explained the objct of the organization and read a cor- " The old ones are the worse for wear tion of an official call' signed by influential Aad so I've got another pair. women of the County. Mrs. E. Howard was the left tree as it was found, Mamie elected Chairman and Mrs.- Jane E Molen They the cook came in forJier-sha- re Secretary pro. tem. Speeches were then made and fun, and the dog Roverjgo.a silverJ. by Mrs. AdaliLe Barber Mrs. . Young and collar "arprHenTfr6m'."'Kiii. The bride looked Geo. Pitkin Esq., showing tho necessity of a lovely in her white satin drees, white slippers in Association this county, fWoman Suffrage and a white rose in her curls; her dress was denouncing the action of the Utah Carnet IW made plainj -- anhethenymfrh" 4ibeTals7whmBfflifegeu ot the woods. J. he groom looked all smiles deprived the women of this of their Territory ' and happiness itself. inestimable rights. .. When the ceremony, was performed, and The following ladies v ere unanimously nowJOPM. jofe . elne JoQked.J.iitpliis.face. elected- as -- officers - Mrs. William Sanders and with a smile said, "my dear Fred I have Pres.-Mrs- . Julia Stewart; First Vice Pres. Mrs. now got my Christraaswjs .? wished for you: Mattie Hansen, Second, Mrs. C. J. Goodwin, at this moment a gentle timid knock was Third, xMrs. Jane E. Mokn, Fourth, Mrs. E. J. heard at the door, and Tom led in from the J th,3nd:r Mrs. JliilialPctty-iitE- l cold without a waif, a poor boy who said 4,I TiceTres. Mrs. Sarah Farr, Secretary, Miss am hungry give me a piece of bread, I have Mary Ann Thane Cor. Sec, . Mrs. Marie no home." The tender-hearteLucia took the Thatcher, Treasurer. An Executive Committee boy's hand and led him to her pa "please take wa3 ' then appointed. Mrs. Clara McAlister him for your adopted son, this is my Chairman, Mrs. Elizabeth Hainesj Mrs. Christmas wislv sister's "and mine . 'have Armenia Mrs. Martha Tarbett and Miss Parry, both come to pass." : Sloan as Maggie members of said committee. Annie M. P. 78names of ladies enrolled. RptipHi Nov. 25,1889. ,, Bishop Lewis. 11 'Miss Phcebe Ccuzius, of St.. Louis, AIo., is a candidate for a place on the Utah commission She argues that as the Mormon question in- volvea the interests of many thousands" of wo- illjX ' ' " ON SALE TO JJLtlL PRINCIPAL POINTS " EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH 7 ':. UNION, TICKET OFFICE, Main Street, Salt Lake City. C. E. IXGALLS, . City Pass. AgU " J.y. Div. PARKER, Pass. Agt. of-pres- ents L-B- Ioo-ked-like- - v ! ushaf im EIPORM SALT LAKE CITY. Leading Retail The, . d J. E. Molen. FATIOlSAL-AMET- The Twen be held NOTES AND NEWS. Will be found ty-Seco- nd of Our Father,orner j)01itaadJLStreets,-Feb- . 18, 19, 20, and 21, 1890. Each State society auxiliary to the n W. S. A. is entitled under the new National-America- constitution to elect it3 own "representative on the National-America- n execuiive board. State Societies that have not yet done this are re" quested to attend to it. State reports for the annual meeting should besentJohecrejarxjDO Committee, Mrs. Rachel Foster No. 19th St., Philadelphia, I'd. 748 Avery, ' , There are thirty. three women now studying in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology? 1 , 300. women pai nter s in Paris. Cadies- - It-- latest styjas.and pioductions 'in "RlBBONSr COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf o . . . Mrs. Fannie B. Ward has started on a trip as news correspondent throuo-- SontK Amfir;n5 rhe journey will occupy a year, and will ex- -' i vision of that Jend country. Jmighyji John G. : - Whittier, the best beloved of all merican poos passed his eighty-secon- d h,t. i h; bury, warmed hy the love of better for his having lived. . LACES, liUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, lately at Bombay, a lady, Mi,s Alice Mackenzie, was at the head of the list of suc cessful candidates. , on the 17th There are Speciaitd the AT TEASDED'S ll Annu al Con ventionwi 11 at Washington, D. C-- , in the Church R.K.THOMAS uL. millions-wh- o . . are ' . - ; Special department for Ladies'. Misses' and In- fant's .Shoes. - 112, 114, 116, 118 3D"TXID T-IS- Eat Temple Street 2c S CO. TINNERS GAS,VATEf? & STEAM FITTERS PUMPS. Purapsllepalred on short liolice. Orders the country " promptly, responded to. Aiirsra, CAVD Jl!3, Bii 30C. CiXT LASE C1T7 irt: r 