WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 state of things has come to exist. That it is an anomaly I think all will admit. I put it in con nection with the state of serfdom in which the whole population is held. The causes that led to me political enslaving oi mose miuious naiurauy would lead to a lowering of the estimation of the women. Could the people be educated; up to a -- V nf.v Mnsfl. Mftri- - ft Cnnf(irenr0 VUUfVIVUVW M AVI E. Bussel presiding. ' 1 arah Coun. copa Co., A. T. Sep. 18th 1890. Opened by the usual ' ercises. Prpa M. A. TTfike ex- ' . .: .. rennrtrd the Mesa Ward they had been quite energetic in many things, but of late not auite so apunctual in attending: meetings as they should have been. llkorftr 1 rf P Minnfoa i'iUUlV '''; they would soon expel from their homes,and their families,-.althat binds some of the .members in thraldom. , For no one who really loves liberty were doing a 'good work and .aithfully trying . ;. for himself can feel bappy in seeing the slavery tn dn thpir dnlv.' of another, that is to say, it he is 4 morally good. .pres. Ann Kleinman gave a- - good report of- , ' v ', ,1 As needed tne .1Aima TiF aru,aiso some wise counsel. being. Political and religious liberty 1:; thft PAnaorn' Donh ' Sarah for the vast millions of the Orient, and before this . u TifTflnv -rpnnrtpd -1 1 D J has been gained, I am afraid there will be little '.Ward, had held their meetings regularly and " were moving along as wellas they could. hope for the women of those' vast regions Pres. Esther Ooeuehaw J. M. S. . v cia ve en cou racing o o re1 i li J.1CIJU1 I U i Uli anil Latter-day.- . .the. to the of., truth mony. great:. INMEMORIAM. , l " have to go to pay the bills: r MARICOPA STAKE. , . to bless all. 1 " Prayed the Lord " " ; . Sister "Wiramer gave in the report of the' Mountain Dell Rel ief Society. t Meeti n g ad journed until 2 pi m., singing ''Lift up your heads ye scattered saints.'" Benediction 'by ' Pres. Sarah Pope. Afternoon session: ringing "Away with I'a si n rr J n rr '"fd t 1'ni.ntin. Kit ftictdr we who know Uie jovfiil sound." Reports of Merill, Riverdale, Gifnes and Mill Ward Relief Society by the different presidents. ci . 1 : 1 , -- -- . . 1 - L. 1 1 1 1 L1 I 1 - wortc. : ; J... , . . ! "l'res.- OI. liobson then -- o"-. pave some' timelv' v Martha Bowker "Younsr wifeof"th"'erlatePresi" advice and instruction; after which Coun.. dent Brigham Young arid daughter of Samuel and Sarah A. Robson. Sarah M. Johnsoh. Sarah Hannah Bowker, died Sept. 26, 1890. Deceased Phelps, Eleanor Morris, Sister Hunsaker and, u was born near Mount Holley, Burlington Co.; t rr o. i :: eauu, uuqr Lueir if&nuiuiiy. cuiicn otauuujje li New Jersey, and was 68 years! old when she died. and a good spirit generally prevailed. She lived the life of a true Latter-da- y Saint Brother Noah Brimhall addressed the meet- ever" patient and willing to honor'God's priest jincr Tor a short time when the conference wa3 hood in every sense of the word. .. . 'adjourned for thr.ee months. tT1 r One thing that was remarkable about her was . r . Xj. iiOBSON, cec. that she was never known to. wear any: trimmed " ' UINTAn " STAKE. ' messes, or oo anyxning inai was against reirencn - J, need all the encouragement possible by. good attendance. T was thinking bow perfect the different organizations were, if the world knew wnnld "not wonder at our strength ' today. We should look after- the poor,' we should not stop and question whether theH are member&of-the-Chur- ch or not; - it matters not 'they should A: be helped. if4hey are in need '1 . thia'-thfiv- ' - i : ' n: - i l -- 1 and wives which on the duties of husbands were very interesting. : ,. . .r .; - ; U- Sister Qaks made some remarks upon prayer, and faith and said Brother Collett has said a man's work was from., sun, till sun, but a woman's work i3 never done; this is a true saying. for.mother's mind is never at rest she is always trying to instil; something good into the minds, of her children; we vant to try to have peace and quietude in our homes so the spirit of God will dwell therein asked the blessings of God. ' " to rest upon all. . Minutes of the fifth conference of the Reliefi bister A. K." isartiett could not say" like (Society of the Uintah Stake of1 Zion convened some that she could talk fetter when there i in the Ashley Ward meeting house, Sep., 1st were a lew; ior greater the now;'ot the ' be able to say; should the more we Pres Sarah Pone Dresidin?. sin?in? f'Praise spirit let' us take- care of our wheat how ye the Lord,'' prayer, by Sister A. K..Bartlett. would'we as mothers feel to have "bur child i singing "Once more my soul the rising day,"; ren crying for bread; and Sve had noneJ to give iuinutes oi tne previous conierence were read them: some of us know what1 this is.- There I !'.':'-:.- 'l i ,'--.s; is a great aeai oi worK to ao m tneseorganiza-tienwas" Pres. Pone. -' suDnosed Sarah aci on it looking after the sick and poor acaong count of the brethren bejng .o busy, with tliir us who are iijdepend-en- t team lhayhere were so ieWTreseiit;-1 'Hoped, us, there are very fewFbf ' of this Society. There is not a'-- ' mother all had'the spirit of the Lord witfr "them 'and the sound of my voice1 that cdoea- not ' under j if they had we would be' able to have a good shudder when she thinks of the temptations1 I meeting if there! were but 'few. ' Thought aU thateurroumlfnTM tonirnrto" serve liod the few vears" thv wrA must be humble and prayerful in order to permitted to live on this earth, for it ; was Knt have any control over our children gave many;; ia moment compared with the aires of etefnitv ' instructions to all. ..', Said we should lay up grain and take care of good Pres.: Sarah Pope gave the sisters some good it tpr tune ot need, asked the Lord to bless us instructions in regard to their duties,4exhort-- . that those who spoke - might do so with His ing them to faithfulness; and closed by askspirit that we might have a good conference. Coun.'Elizabeth Mitchell felt as though we ing, the blessings of God to rest upon ;all. Conference adjourned until the first Monday could have a eood time anv wav. felt An nrp forward although she felt very weak, but iii March., Singing ''Beautiful land of rest." would respond to everv call that was mad a Benediction by Bishop Nathan Hunting., ; ADDIE JUO.NGIITJRST, bee. , f upon her, endorsed the remarks of Pres. Sarah I :. a 1 , . :. - .. . -- 1 pr.eached sq many years and tried - to carry out ' through his life. sacrifices were made by Sister Martha k Many ana sne nas certainly gone to reap an abundant harvest for the good seed she has sown which thousands of the Latter-daSaints might be proud of. Though she had no children of her own, sne snowed the most tender and loving motherly care to a utile girl whom she adopted when only three months old. A truaand loving mother she was in .very' deed and great will be her reward. . y . ? - and-Appraved.- v- ,- 4 '"'-i- v 'I'-- - . ; -- . ( 'Tis ha.d to break the tender chord, When love has bound the heart; irfcard-soaryt"speaif the "wordT, '' i 7 - W " lo: ? 1 Must we in sorrow part? - Dearest loved one we have laid thee f In the peaceful grave's embrace;. But thy memory will be cherished, Till we see thy heavenly face, ... . : : ' - 1 i Ida. ; f : ; R. S. AND P. A. REPORTS. ; The Primaryssocia lions of Wasatch Stake held. ,at conference , iiiuHeber City, Thursday a. m. Sept. 1 8th 1 890. Sister Felt General Pres., and Miss May Anderson of .Salt Lake City were present. Most of the branch associations were represented arid a programme consisting of songs, recitations and class exercises,' was creditablv rem! . ' ercd: by the children. ' r morning: Louie B. , : .JnOheafternoon: Bishop Geo. Freestone said it was rathpr unexpected to him to be called upon. Thought !the sisters were, pore energetic in their duties jthan the brethren. Thought all aught to. pres3 forward and not tire when the journey , was '.about through, for the day is not far distant when the Saints , will 7 come off j triumphant; !the darkest hour is always just before day, gay e jmany good instructions ,to all which were at-- 2 Sister A. K. Bartlett tlie"YrLJ; iappxpprialel.' p. in. . ' ; ; : tLi reported the Relief sociatious of the stake met in conference and of Ward as being in a fair Ashley had a very j nice meeting. Miss Murdock was Society :.' :i chosen and unniiimousiy;.voted-i- n .as- - Stak : Sister Olmylpoke about being at the Temple . bec'y. she had . had a good , time; paid of the Brother Hatch spoke of the Stake and quite of care of our takingwheat necessity for Heber a few other brethren attended botk.meetiugs h'aff said thatihe time would Kimball :fC and expressed themselves welLpleasedLwith come be worth a VUiilt i VUV.V. con-klitio- - i:":l-i:v-! .. . . :Pr. ; . - " - oind n. , DRY. CREEKLDISTRICT. ; ' ; EDITOR WOMAN S EXPONENT: " r - The sisters of Dry Creek were organized as -a branch of Draper Relief Society5 Mar. 22, 1888: by Sister Catherine Smith; President of Draper R. S. and her counselors;' through the counsel of Bishop I.- M. Stewart. '. ; iiie)e Tay or : was appoin ted to preside over meetings,4 Fidelia E. Nekob secretary,'" HarrietjEddins treasurer, Rose M.' Cunliffe : was afterwards chosen as assistant' secretary, i - There being Wneedr H the :x3isCrt, theX sisters have lent'their energies principally, to the benefit of the sabbath schoolarid : the i bujlding of the schoolhouse: the house being - 1 . i rnuii to-- : a Draper Ecclesiastical Association. barrel of gold, and the .Relief f, Sister Felt; addressed, both meeting.-- ; wa Society minds" and ofof the training called leading upoiv by Pres. Young to lay up what our children h.e Btaka house in which the the were cin proper direction are they could for that time, thoughtUtah ' matters of held is a handsome stone buildingmeetings 0f which the : grainblessed : the mothers great importance to with good, crops and the gikers here-- , pas ' saiuw ui uasaicn are justly proud. and as there are over forty children V should take careof it, not run InZdelat the1 tretveenrtliree i Anderson, Cor. Sec. and i'ourteen; a Primary Asocia-tio- n 4 stores so that, every bushel of grain would would be invaluable. Applications' for i,-.- The - . . . ? 