WOMAN'S EXPONENT did not speak a word letter came, and then I was dumb before her lieved only for a ghort. time. Ala?, how into the dark street.-B- he which ,was only pale face thinking of her great sorrow." strangely things occur in this world, and we until they reached the house Many conversations were held between ' a very little way, and Mrs. J. left her at the know not why 'tis bo. Mrs. IL during the The three weeks went hv and Hensie watched door, saying "it will be better for ycii to go in mother mid sons about. with them, of which Hepsie and waited, in good faith, never for one moment alone;" and Hepsie .felt relieved not knowing short time she.wa i i i i knew very little, she seemed more dead than :i ! wLat he was about' to hear. Mrv 6. opened .was uououng mm, mougua great aiwaya pain alive so far as any activity was concerned, film lin.il pfrivpn In" lipr lipflrK hard to hfl fiom- - the door and Hepsie was ushered into a warm, . .. B.he let the days slip bv; light room where sat' two- young men and an languid and listless, posed, to regain Btrength; and she could read and seemed almost content to let Mrs. S. wait "elderly lady who came forward quickly and upon her without even thinking for herself. wailing, 6ho had bo longed tor a letter lrom almost took her in her outstretched arras, sayHarold fitwl wnnoWpl. whv lif did not. write: ing, "dear me honey so young, so. fiick, sit ye Put another change was coming." Although in his abrupt departure, she had not thought down Til take care of you and nurse you up." Mrs. S. was careful to avoid anything objecto ask him to write, and ehe had no idea where .Hepsie could not speak, she was more puzzled tionable Jo Mrs.H. ye t she had noticed of mean?" Bhc said late that "the boy3" spoke forgoing .away, to address a letter should she write one. So - than she had nothing to dri hut. wnit. and no letter to herself the cold night air and the. warm leaving Nauvoo, and they were fast- - becoming came. Hope began to grow less, and" yet she room had a peculiar effect upon her, her head disaffected in their faitb,aud ,ihe felt the innad no one to whom fine could, or would go lor was dizzy, Bhe was bewildered, and completely fluence was making an impression on Mrs. comfort except the Lord. Prayers and tears overcome; the old lady took off her wraps all S., but she had no idea that she could make were her only outlet for the grief she felt bo the time, calling her 'honey" and "poor little any changcuiutii she was able to teach, which kecnlv. thing," finally Hepsie summoned courage seemed the only alternative, and so ehe kept ' One day a man, who knew 80 little of this enough to say, "have you no news for me?" silence. . iVia o A rr rrt a mif onrl oflni" Ktro Aar Ctrl woman's nature one "why am I to stay here?" The young men ' patient young wife, or of b "V t i l i r rr l i l J would think, said to her in the most careless looked from one to'the other and then at the i "withthem in the next room at breakfast way "Mrf. liarvey don t you thmlojiv.hU9 jnatherr time and Hepsie was praising tile buckwheat u.iuu ims given you me sup one nearu no tones Mrs. S. said "you must wait until morncakes she was trying hard to eat, and thank-- , more, the ehock was too much for her to bear. ing, you are too ill, come with me, and she alWhile llensie lived eIio never 'forpot those most carried her to the next room undressed ing Mrs. S. for her patient care and waiting words,, it was "as if a knife entered her heart at her and laid her in bed, then brought hot and tendioets unon her. Mrs- S.inauired "How t i fir6t,and then ehe fell upon the floor in a deadly rocks to warm her feet, and gave her warm would jou like to go over the river with U9 to faint. When she came to herself attain she drink; Hepsie had no idea what it was, but she live, these are troublous timer hcre, andTthere tried to think what had happened, gradually felt the sympathy of this gentle motherly wowill be serious trouble here by Spring, and I it uawned upon her and she recalled the cruel man soothe her, and she soon fell asleep but don't like being here without the boys and a tlPX7 WAnt cto v?1' A nrl no words, and she felt sure, hard as it was to bear, only to wake again in a tumult oi fears and cam fvs IT AA it must be" the -- truth, tremulousemotions."Mr8. Sfwas in bed with not reply she said, we don't want to leave you written to her. But we will leave the poor her, and the hardwood coals were burning on here, the boy3 love you as their own sister, little wile lor a lew ' days alone with her the hearth, the room was full of.shadow3 all wont rrm rnm a rrn xiritri tia nnlw fiifr sorrow. lernoie and Pll take coocf care of strange and new. Mrs. 8. finding she had miles to Farmington Ti. J I r r w .1 i xi is lmoossioie to naini in worcia tne anguish wakened, rose and brought her more' warm you. she endured in the days that followed, but she -- drink; hutlheT Hepsie was reluctant to take ' l . was not ieu tone to was nerseit. stricken N. A. W. S. A. OF UTAH- long good woman said, "honey you must take this BOreiv. her heart was hrniaprl inrWrl if n,.f its only valerian you'll sleep if you take it, broken, no one to appeal to, it was hard for and let too rub you too.you're cold as marble." A Meeting of National-America- n W. S. A. her to rally sufficiently to think, hut Ah a Rtim. No mother could have been held of was in 1800 Utah the 14th May 18, gentler or more, nloned all her latent powers and thought over thoughtful than was this T R Tr5. with rooms Ward ApVtnblv woman to strange an inoso who nad como lrom her native vi nrrn , little Hepsie; ; her - heart - was - drawn but in Kimball in the chair; O nnn. was thf.rfi nmrmrr not but Ihom li in ?Vim pity for her lonely and help!es3' condition. Opening prayer by Mrs. M. Y. Dougall. The next morning Mrs. 8. wasearly : astir. her pride kept her apart from those. wjiojcrcditcl -leaviagIeprrBozmg" half Between sleeping and approved. or we enau iiavu jiKipeu ner, and waking; she was preparing the breakfast Pres Kimball next introduced Hon. F. S. say an Providence marked out her. course. "If when the Richards to the assembly who delivered a boys came down and asked if she momer wouia only como now, or if Lucy had told Mrs. IL of anything. :Npindeed. fiha . Jectuxa pon - the unicipal-goverhment ' Reynolds vereTO burherehe.would-- . repeat can't bear it yet, you must leave it all to me, Salt Lake City. uver uuu uver 10 nerseii. liss Hindman's petition to Congress was depend on't she'd die if you told her now." 0ao evening a neighbor had come in for a The Mrs. as called them were glad to let read by the secretary after which Mrs. E. S. boys icw rnmuies, tniQKing to oiler consolation, and their mother have her way, for they could not Richards spoke of the lady as being personally beforo scarcely anvthinp had h pen Raid n lmirJ 7 out the request Harold had made of acquainted with her. carry knock at the door startled her, she rushed to them in a letter Mrs. Nellie Littie'made a few remarks,a vote had- they had receive- dopen u thinking surely it wa3 Harold, but no, never seen a woman like Mrs. H. They and of thanks was tendered Hon. F. S. Richards. before, it was an utter stranger. had no idea how to convey sad messages.. It Meeting adjourned for two weeks. "Mrs. Harvey" said the stranger addressing was weu ior uepsie that they hesitated, or, at Rachel Edwards. her by name "I have como for you?" telling least she thought so afterwards, else the shock of Utah. :: Sec'yofW.S.A. L : uci uis mune, u, you are my husband s would have been too had. it come all at great partner, have youbrought me a letter or news once. of him? is he ill? must I go to him?" BIRTHDAY PARTY. With . .i v v mivu uajo, lllll3- - UJ JlllJe The man .was young, and was not to answer theso hurried question?, in prepared A party wajtendefeTitd"ffie xicpaio in unuer vwimhj Htu of fact be :stand,-ihftfftran JnnT";;sii;rr."" was somewhat alanned."CT the Relief Society at Upton, Mrs. Caroline thftt FTftrnM hnri nmirlvlorl lJ uume i ner iur m Clarke no on VV, the i 15th of May 1890, at her home. saia alter a moments' pauser I iarvey tu wvU& have come with a messafre from mv gu away, fcuuugu .w or some other arrangement surprise arranged by the sisters . . I . . . could be II ,,! made. or tne ouc. come Keliet me. . an, is hut. with FTerQtk ttt a a kninm!n it J xpiain bociety with, her children and: . a short distance, only in Main Street." "To utwmiug awaro uy degrees, tnanks grandchildren at her own home. Tn t.h ft pvpn. afc sue was night said Mrs. H. bpinninw iA taki h',a i t in'jr a delicious' ienisiuwAj narfVo f wr felt utterly forsaken and hcln--1 " had been and with you alpne? lGM. prepared by the .sisters for the i Mr , --ontl it.Tr... : wv, iitroWori " w iuu stgier wflo was in the vimu -- It was a hfiavy-Wnw- -fr lfr::T::vrr r OCxiasicm; Thl President tlianlrArl fKo c'of kindly for the interest taken in her behalf and feeble and childish, "nervous don t you? ' "0, will 1 prostration the respect shown her on the fifty-nintyc3 kno Mrs. certainly follow" well, there is nothing to fear, however as Mrs. . of her birtS. The rest of the ii. is weaK and nervous I will go with her." boys 8he is the most amiable and daintiest anniversary ! PXTfiltmrr rrraa J i . uo ct)cut iml iu otner amuseuanemgana ..Ub now en, c.ureu on her things it Vi youn? ment after put uepsie which the company returned to Harvey could go and forsake such a wife I was a cold night, her long cloak with sleeves can tsce I ve no homes wishing Sister, their patience with such fellow " happy tntnmed with fur which came down to returnes of the (jay, and QiaTklnany "Mother he Vol conld'nt the had time feeling had been made new for her ..:j been wedding the for all. of enjoyable the three; "I've told ' youngest tour, the cape nearly as large as the cloak it you so The Upton Ward Relief , he before, went to t,;m self she was almost lost in her Society is in good iCit as U T wraps; flnri CharllA , pale ... of mc TJ: dea h and trembling with nervous ana Dored we good working condition, thesisterix)fthe ittuuing, excitetnen WOUld Wfltnh " -- i.. i he locked the door behind nvpr hio attending to their duties and doin? all w vrifn utxi auo was weu . I bociety the but we did'Bt dare to . good they can. J go near her until . it, . - -- 1 everr-'What'could- 'it " - and-neitberuke- . 1 - - rF - A- - -- a-- " 1 - - - . 1 B . over-rulin- g -M- , -- - c fih-nn- f -- ,har .... r"" .vv rW6'8116 " 1 gai -- ite h Zff u. fend . that t 