WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Lizzie' Gillespie rend red in excellent voice and style "the. Star Spangled Banner." Mrs. Lucy B.Young spoke on the question of woman's rights, and hoped the day would speedily come " yhen alt women incIudinglEewomen 0 .Utah should enjoy the elective franchise. Miss Mabel Thurman recited "Brave Jennie McNeil," in an easy and natural manner, and in pleasing; voice. Mrs. Caroline B. Pratt then read an address r wmicn vy xne rresiaent Mrs: 1 anner just prior to her demise, which we give belcwin full.- " Grant Allen-i- n the Fortnightly Review trives . t .1 a very pungent article-oinerwoman tjuestion. He says "if any species or race deserves a con. tinued existence, then above all otherthings.it is necessary that the species or race should go on reproducing itself. Can any person possessing the slightest claim to intelligent reasoning dispute that fact. It is a fact above all facts most notably established. He goes on to review the condi- tion s . u n d e rw h ic h eh uirun acfLmus t keep u p its numbers or-- become extinct, he counts the children each woman must have in order to keep tne population at normal increase. We are willing to go farther and recognize God's first law. When He placed Adam and Eve onthis planeLHedid iiot.say to them "Now that I have placed you here I wish you to keep up the race, and not let the species run out; but He said "Go forth, multiply, and replenish the earth and subdue it." This grand earth was before them to ! U J.. tJ 1..L iLtuny is. 1.'iu fill uu uu iuuI suuuuc, i 1 cicas .. iCPiCUtsu. work for man as well as woman. If woman man must subdue and their work was given them side by side. It could not be separated in the natural order of things. Nature has prepared woman for the burden of maternity, and man to subdue tre earth ana make it truitiui tor the support of her and her offspring. If things have got somewhat turned, whose fault is it? Not woman alone, certainly. He tknill k little mnrc InriH nn that nnint and tpl! a woman. In us what it takes to countries wnere she takes her place in the harvest fiehtor is yoked with the oxen to pull tne plow she No doubt you will find here is those perlorming the Junctions 01 wite ana mother as well, and she is still not considered out of place - in helping to subdue the earth, but did she jise im and demand her emanciDation. asking for a voice in the government where she might make laws that would forbid her being yoked with the herr beasts of burden, would that of attention the Would it weaken thinking women from the true problem of their sex to fix it on side issues of comparative unimportance? Can a woman not perceive the true aim of her sex and pursue also the intellectual capacity her sex is capable of attaining He says that in raising a few children every woman must use up ten or twelve nf the best vears of her life. Now I would e of the best say that for twenty or twenty-fivyears of "a worjnTnYlIfesbir er conditions of bearing children. During that womanhood twenty or twenty five years when her is most complete and attractive is she capable of Must she exercise irWanrpmpnt? ' LlJ lUlWll"""" no nthpr function but the maternal one, and . is re- .1 production the only attribute 01 me maternal function? I would assert that it is not, that ma-th- p hicrhest state of physical and 9 a a 1 1 ' T " -- A n i hj . . ' . must-replenis- - de-femin- ize view of the subject, thought it would require great attention by thinking people to come to a correct solution of the phenomenon. Woman possessed noble Jrajts of charac exand it, pected of her to refine, elevate and assist in redeeming man by her influence. 'The great men of different ages trace their success back to the mother's influence, teaching and training. The. mother's home duties must not be sacrificed even to gain the highest attainments. The true, destiny of woman is to be an adviser, without this safeguard man would be led "astray, upon the gnod influence and character of woman society rests in safety. - Such conditions cannot be taken awayjn safety from any nation. Whenever there is a great cause at stake and woman takes part in it, her influence will be felt either for good or ' evil. Mrs. E. B. Wells was the next speaker, referred to the time when women held the elective franchise in Utah and the educational effect it produced, thought it right and proper; that woman should stand politically equal with man, gave her views in regard to and urged the ladies to study the principles of government thoroughly, that they might be prepared' for the practical use of the ballot with all the responsibility it implied when woman suffrage would be given to the nation. Hon. A. 0. Smoot gave an interesting account of the passage of the Bill in the Legislature of Utah giving suffrage to women. He had . the honor of being a champion of the bill, regretted to say there was some opposition but it was finally overcome, through the influence of such men as his fellow members of the Legislature, the Hon. Geo. A. Smith and the Hon. Daniel H. , co-educat- , 7 Wells and himstlf. Mrs. Susa Y. Gates the President of the Association made a few remarks, expressed her appreciation of the honor, conferred upon her, alluded to the position as a mission ,and felt she would need the assistance of women and their husbands in carrying out the methods of educational work in the direction designed by the organization viz: the study of municipal, territorial ana state gov ernments. The topic to be discussed next meet iqg by the several deleptes"was"Should women exercise the elective franchise? Adjourned sub ject to the call of, the President. Singing, bene diction by Mrs. M. A. Gaddie. L. D. S. WOMENS' MEETING. ze " L 1 1 intellectual cultivation." The above article was merely commenced,when the writer was taken ill. Had she lived to finish the article, she would no doubt have met all the rearguments brought forth by the gentleman ferred to. . ," Miss Dottie Smoot, sang "The Maid of in a very happy manner, and in beautiful the-Mill- voice. Prof. Karl G. Maeseraddressed-theTauaien- ce in a most pleasing way, taking the philosophical 167 The regular smi monthly meeting in the 14th Ward Hall was held March 1. Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. After the usual exercises including reading of minutes, Pres. Home invited Mrs. M. A. Hyde to address the congregation; she spoke upon the character of the times in which we are living, the powerful influences working among this people, the erection of Temples and great work for the dead, alluded to' prophecy and urged the sisters to cultivate charity and every Li good gift. Counselor .E, Howard, spoke upon union, watchfulness, the necessity of prayer and other " ; subjects of much interest. Dr. Pratt dwelt upon the cultivation of our faculties, the exercise ot charity and patience, liked to hear Sister Hyde speak of her experience at Nauvoo ; thought we should not speak of each other's faults but help one another and in this we would be blest. Pres. Home spoke a short time, said ours is the Gospel of peace, we are stooping to conquer, and must stand still and seethe salvation of God. will.be taken from the. Gentiles Soon and given to the Jews,. then we shall see a nation born in a day. This people have been persecuted the-Gpsp- was weary of his life but bis enemies had no power over him until his mission was filled; she said "I had the strongest testimony of this work when I first shook hands with the Prophet Joseph it thrilled raaUjat I shall forget it. neasily Pres. Home then presented the retiring secretary. Miss Smaley with a writing desk, donated by the sisters in recognition of her services. Miss "Smaley thanked the sisters "for their kindness in a few well chosen words. Singing7(Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing." :3enecfictioli by weeks as the Sisters Con fere nee irite rvened. " .Vilate Cr Young, Sec. " - A LETTER TO AN AGED SISTER IN THE FAITH. Dear Sister: You ask me what ' I think of Isaiah 46 4th, .well, I think that to. you and I, it is one of the .most precious promises contained in God's word. In this passage the Lord gives us positive proof that it is not only the young, the energetic or those who can accomplish the most (He is all that such can need) but He knows that wh we feel the of when to our begin weight years, energy sink and our we how it wonder and flags spirits will be with us when we get too infirm to manage for ourselves, when "the years draw nigh that we shall say I have no pleasure in them" "when the almond tree shall flourish and the grasshopper shall be a burden,", when the "Silver cord isready to be loosed 'WuBe"oTdeaBo'wTf broken," He knows that then, we need special-help and special encouragement and therefore He says "Even to old age I am He;" what does He mean by that, but that He is the same God that He always has been? From before the foundation of .the world He has chosen us to come upon this earth in these latter days to per form the work He has assigned us, and from the time we drew our first breath He has watched over us. and provided for us, and He is an un changeable God i I e, doe s n et mean mat we shall be left to onrsdres- jtrst whn His help, but He says "Even to your old age I , am Tie" the same God, 'the same yesterday, to -day and for ever." . But notwithstanding these words of encouragement, our faith is sometimes ready to fail and we have to cry out with Peter "Lord save mt." And then He comes. to us with these precious words of promise, "Even to hoary hairs will I carry you." Oh what condescension on the part of our Heavenly Father to promise us that when we cannot go by ourselves, He will "carry" us. And as though He would reason with us in our weakness He says, "I have made, and I will bear;" as much asto say Do you think that I have made you and sent you upon this earth and provided for ycix and watched over you all these years for no otherpurpose than for you to end your days in despair ? Nor your soul is preciou5-i- n -- my sight and I cannot afford that one made in my image and has faithfully served me shall be cast away and He further assures us by placing a double emphasis upon the promise and He again declares "Twill even carry and deliver youJi. . Ti Now dear sister can you imagine anything more encouraging, more condescending on the part of our Heavenly Father? We know how tenderlyanearthly parent wilLearry the helpless infant, or the sick child whos through suffering has noi sufficient strength left to walk alone; and the tenderness of our Heavenly Father far exceeds that of ah earthly parent. We who have lived the allotted time for man upon this earth, know ' what it is to have our sensitive feelings wounded by the thoughtlessness of the young, the giddy and the gay, who are so apt to think the aged of but little consequence, and we are often driven to the footstool of our Father to ask Him for -- . - ; 