WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 30 ; she is permitted to take her proper, place socially and politically, she will remember the higher platform on which she stands, and act as a magnet to draw society and politics up to her standard of morality, purity and honor. Presidents, Peterson of Bear River City. Mary Goodiiife of Snowville. Christine ' Jensen of Mantua, each spoke a short time. Fa n n i e G ra eh I: I feel well al though ,"Aj n t J. EDITORIAL NOTES. - Pres. Zina D. H. Youn? left home on Thursday mornu'r Tulv ioth, stODninir in Cache Valley a , fK.daj's on her; way farther north. FridayJnly .t by Mrs. Kimball: she read a very elaborate women suffrage, in a very sweet paper upon i i voice ana pleasing manner. Hon. George. Q. Gannon, made a short speech impromptu,' expressing his approval of the suffrage movement, and giving his opinion of woman's - political "equ aIity.Z lIi3 remarks : ,r win carry ncic luiciuitJ auniuprt,"ssivL", Hiiu "mi the direction. in weight right Mrs. Nellie Druco Pucslev ' then de lighted the audience by stnjrinrr "Equal Rights fong m her charming voice, so high and, perfectly: controlled, floating out upon, the w . " - f-:- ( 1 ft t r t . . . to Welisviiie witn Mrs. ,L,etiie Thatcher and Mrs. Adeline Barber and attended a meeting of the Relief Society of that place. Satutday met with the R. S. of the second ward of Logan which met to reorganize. Sunday at tended meeting in the Lozan Tabernacle, and Monday evening at 8 p. m. left With her- - daughter Mrs. Zina Y. Card and family on the train for Canada.- - Wrote to us from Butte City Montana enrcmtdix icth. Sister Young expects to visit a few weeks in Canada where her daughter resides, and will return home if all is well some time in September. .. inn, MrV" Bancroft, of Dakota, was introduced - t ft ui sne-wen- t The fourth of July was appropriately celebrated in this city, :Harriet"'has lefC to do my duty. Sister Rowher: I hope I may always J)e faithful, I have a testimony of my own. Sister Johnson of Beaver Dam: "I feel a desire'to serve God, prayer 13 the key to, Hea- ven. I rejoica in the "principles of the Gospel." Asked the mother's to send their children to. the Primary. Singing. Bened iction . - cuiturea tones. mpn. ann a wnman in rpnrpspnt Hnnnpsc of of the bertrrMisrEl!a position. Miss busan 13. Anthony advised the woman suffragists to celebrate the fourth of July this year in some suitable manner. When men and. women 'can celebrate their political freedom as in Wyoming the honors on Independence day will be more equally divided. Ogden celebrated with the Grand Carnival; other towns in Utah many of them had suitable exercises and proces sions, and everywhere cannons and fireworks were almost deafening. XQUALlRIGHTSr TUNE, HAIL COLUMBIA. Ris6 Columbia's daughters rise; Heaven has surely heard your cries, Yet, to the world we must appeal; Arise, ye Mothers of the'race? Enjoy your heaven appointed place; Demand the rights the world accords Freely to "Creation's Lords'j l Now let woman's watchward be "Equal Rights, and Liberty," th Rr-SrREPOR- Afternoon session. "We thank Singing: ' Thee, 0 God for a Prophet." , Prayer by Bishop Jensen. Singing: 0, myFather, Thou that dwell-- . EmliaJXMai memory ofourdejiaj Presidents Harriet Hunsaker and Dewey, -- each spoke a short time. Bishop Tingey: It is a great privilege to be a Latter-da- y Saint, let us be humble and pray ' erful, let us guard against evil. : President Harp-rIt behooves us to attend ; to oar duty. Counselor Adolph Madsen, -- asked the mothers to en cou rage thei r ch i Idren to attend " the primary meetings. We should make our children cur. confidents, that they may feel we are their best friends.- Mary E. Snow: We certainly miss "one" from our midst, although we would Dot call tier nacK. ihe mothers generally enjoy Xhei r meetings, perhaps, when weT were younger, we felt to excuse ourselves in being a little slack. . to-da- Sisters, brave of heart and true, Now for simple justice sue; Claim the birthright of the free "Equal Rights, nnd Liberty?'" BOX ELDER STAKE. "The quarterly conference of the Relief Society, Box Elder Stake, convened on the ,10th of June, in the Third Ward Meetioo- Shall we longer count as naught--Righ- ts for which our father's fought? The rights which all their sons enjoy;-Cnin partial justice sleep?. Servile silence shall we keep? Need we bear for evermore-- All our wrongs so deep andsore? . --; - liouse, ongham Uity. Meeting was, call-- d to order 'Al)yy'cdln?elor Susannah P. Booth. Singing: L;l'pnce;."mo.re.-we- . our God." .... com'e-before' . O r' A binfrintr: Virtual slaves, m Freedom's land? chorus: 'Equal Rights," for small and great; "Equal Rights,'' whate'er our state-- No more, no less than this we claim;, Let others think 'tis woman's fat- eAlways submissively to wait,- For equity we'll still contend And work to gain the wish'd for end; Take courage, friends, and don't forget-T- hat " Equal' Rights" await us yet. "CHORUS: K nOW thi3 that. PVPrv man ' J - . free." . Counselor Booth was the first speaker. am thankful I. am here this morningbut it 13 with peculiar feelings that I arise." Spoke jeelingryVabout ourdeparted president, also of her own sister who died pnrhlnrtlv. x houMlway3eepaTe r T this x exis- - irust 1 may not yet be called, I am not prepared, I have a desire to fill my mission. The Lord has power to do all let us pray that He will not place more things, on sh6ulder3rthanHe will giyelui strengthjjnr to bear. Let us pray for of Zion, I want to do a.mother'a my chil- ureu or oiners uo tneirs or not. leuce, 4. the-yout- Emily II, Woopmansee, - 7th, 1S93. - Mr?. Kimball then announced the close of the exercise, and that refreshments were next in order also dancing; the hand playing enlivenThe tables were handing strains of music. somely .decorr.t etl wi tlLflower .the- refrrshmgi - mjnaitteeUrve thutnw - - for xhe Dancing and animated etiecuve worirtoife. conversation was tn emies ts dispersed. The lawn feta: was certainly a brilliant affair and the several committees worked with a wdl to ensure its perfect succs. Thev -- truth . the the of . mstfully savin there m no excellence without labor." r" ' llJjl call the attention of our readers to the arncle entitled Woman's Calling hoping to hear " HerJa(l!es on the subject. . - chorus: s. L. City, July, ' bv Olivia Widerhor". thaLis-aiiertlie-Aisual-mann- erby - .. part,-wheth- er pleased to be here, but we all feel to mourn still our loss is sister Harriet's gain, let us live so we may meet these who 'have gone before V e have us. reason to rejoice, that we great can meet in peace. WejnnsLbcMthfu Jf-e pgy-irru et,n qtavuffl Wf Mrs;. Jane Pe rrv. Prps Th r It is a year g,nce I had. the priveWe ps iajncet-wri- h you, IhiFls thilSt tnne. How thankful we should be that the lord has permitted us to receive this Gospel it is more than my meat and my bread, think of to come to z!onmvW drifting too mych when we leave this fe wp uill .v..v:L; .iut our knowte." SifPr TT.,Vi,f u-- i 1. we 1 T to-da- y, and-perha- .rU hZ T.?7Vfter bavmg performed it well, pel ehe i? now. recwg This is the work of y President Kudger Claws.on: There is a good influence in this room, and Oh, what an influence' the sisters wield in the church and king- dorn of God, we felt we could hardly spare one, and that wa3 the president, she died very much beloved- - and respected; sh'g 'Wrgoner'to'a be - nothing greater can be said of any sister, than done her duty." Use an influence, with your children, that they keep the Sabbath nay noiy. Sister Watkins .President-of-th- e Fourth Ward: I feel the Lord has been with us with "she.ha-- - s -- HispiritebouKt-striveToliv- e and work to trie duties laid betore us. I have been up in this church fifty-fou- r laid years, my their bodies down in these valleys. parents ; President Mary Anderson:' The Lord says, if you-lo- me, keea Aunt Harriet as much asffe profess then we ought to live up to some of her coun' sds, if we try to perform our duiies " "tlatraiHharcSr be alFeTof us. BilhojAnderson:; inhere is a good ftelin and spirit it is a glorious thing that we can meet ve we love together in peace, to have the privilege to show what we will do for each other, ourselves and the kiDgdQiii-ot--' : ' L CTrim" Widerborg: Wei miss-Aunt Harriet let us follow her example, she uc .muunn iatter:day bamt, livin cr her religion everyday iFher li Sister Hardy: Woman is not without the man, we should work in unison, administer in kmdue?3 in our families. r. "Minnie J. Snowr V. An t live, 1t Uft; luai x feel more the value of the Gospel, unless we nnprove every opportunity, I am afraid we will be weak, when we think we are strong. Susannah P. Booth thsnt-i we will work nn t : . Aunt ? wuusew.m Harriet, we shall be V faithful, we havn worked together in unison and love with her i- ,t, 4 :r -- " ' 