114 - just one boy, hut then pay girls are so good I ought to be satisfied, some day I may have a all right." son-in-la- w and this will bring thing3 around Hi3 wife Mrs. Grover was a kind hearted good woman; she loved her husband was a devoted wife she studied his every wish and spent her most happy hours in his society, for a great many . years, her disposition in youth was like her daughter Hessie, volatile, full of mirth and a gladness.- - William Urover uminet-xier-ai-Christmas, 'dinner, hig family lived near neigb--borat to her? and were invited there festive occasion, and afterwards he became her married for several EuiLor. Thev were-n- ot years after, as he went abroad to be educated, - his parents were well to do and left him a nice little fortune-a- t -- their death; he- - made' good use of what his father left. They always had plenty and to spare. The fireside was always bright and cheerful. That Christmas dinner was often cited to, as an omen of good luck to tlie happy pair, and now as the day was not far off the theme of love that animated their hearts at that first Christmas meeting seemed to awaken afresh in their minds, that love in well balanced minds will never die out, but grow stronger as fleeting time goes by, and then beyond the grave, it lives where endless joys and bliss in perfect life will never end. The girls had been kept at boarding school from the time they" were old enough to leave home and attend, they were. quite proficient in their studies- .- Lucia was a line performer on the piano with her taperiDg fingers she would run over the keys with great dexterity. Then Bessie's voice with Lucia's accompaniment was music itself, so sweet and soft, they would sing together, and the listener would ' be eurapt. It was vacation and the girls were at home through the bolidavs. Thev loved -- 'they had lived happily 3 on-th- their homfl .it waa,. fa nH namdi.sp. when from school the house was enlivened by f hf-- . n. their merrie chat and presence. But they realized the need of knowledfrfc and a finished education and they were determiued to mas- itr cveij uixuvu. iney. nau no suitors at laze looked on them as beinco a little hiVher o up than they . could reach, yet they would speak of them with great respect - and deference. The girls conteuted and happy, they knew no reverse of fortune, that brings clouds and discontent,." But theirs i nas.a lavuieui uuui nappy me. "inow riess tnismay be our last stroll to the woods," said Lucia as they walked toward the house with the evergreens quite tired out. Now sister" said Hessie "what shall we do with these," holding up her arms. We will take them to the cook s room and make them up for the tree," away they go to her room. "Here we come Mamie with our arms full were-aintrammel- l. i- - ..: ed. . 1 44 ami vr wflntvnii in to pa" and ma, we will make the tree a sur- prise 10 inem, we can come nere an hour or two and get it quite ready and they will think we are helping with the dinner." The cook was one'with thegirls to have a little fun, -- o.uva ewe iitu tu. iuuuiLry.ini'ni wnen. at noma.- - The cook had been in the family almost as long as the steward and seemed like one of the v family. . 10 - jeavez tjQ& ttitii old iolk.s, she had a room ta herself and good rather did as she pleased She was a model housekeeper and could not be beat in cook-g- .Te girls when at home were more in the kitchen than the mother and things wenr on all right under Mamie's supervision, 5o they va uu wnne tae girls tripped away to let their mother know: they had come, Mamie laid the different greens 0n papers and soiiloquizeiLlohprlf uTun - tw .uiju vu uiu uu-r-ti- er dear girls, I would do any thing; for their such pleasure' and gratification. They are and good .girls." At that moment Tom knocked at. the' door and came in. "The girl? say I am to bring the tree right in here and be 'mum and then spirit it away Christmas, from here to the parlor." Tom that Is just what you may do, "es, "there is a closet in the hall, we will dress it up and put it there and you can get up early, in the. morning and "slip it in the parlor."'All "right Matnie," ;L No w a "new idea flashed : across Tom's mind ay he strodeaway. "Dress it up he said to himself, I ani going to have a hand in dressing up the tree 1 will put my sweet-tempere- d - -- u mT pants, stu a Jiea d - a nd itaumLjtthink it is me. I told the girls I make them IT- - - coa wouldLhang myself up, in it, ha, ho, won't they Iaugh, come Christmas come." "And I'll have some fun." He W33 a great rhyme'a53ralw"aysjolly. ' . ..... . -- cheerful. Here Delia as William called his dear old lady, liked to eit always - busy with her needle. The whole appearance . of the room was homelike and was adorned with her needle work which made it bright and cozy. The bed spread, curtains, chairs and lounges were covered with tidies by her deft fingers. And now as .Christmas was drawing near, she was more busy than ever. Although they had means at their command she made it a rule to make some articles of - herpwn. woiKt-a- oi ine iamilv. The steward and cook included." Tom must have a necktie, a pair ot socks, marked to "ar'n't they nice" he would say. He would make rhymes when he-wpleasedthis was his verse the last Christmas- precent-ia-eucn-o- ne he-sur- e, as - 'Socks for me, a necktie too What they want,. I'll always do." - . The. cook must be remembered too. a pocket around the edge, handkerchief needle-workeand father must have a white shirt worked very neatly- - The. girls must have white d But I must wait And kiss my Kate. aprons with pockets and tucks. The extra cooking for Christmas was going on finely, Mamie was in the kitchen preparing the mince for the pies, as it must, stand some time she said to be good to get pickeled, or the pies would taste; flat and insipid, she prided' herself on making good mince pie, and fivinor nn thinrrs tn ihe tn5fp "Hrsa' Jvnu ivioTf " 0 i seed the raisins, pare the apples and grind the spicesr I "will : chop the meat and get it all ready to mix together and then it can stand over a week, I can bake all the pie3 in the oven at once the middle of next week; the bread and cake next baking. Tom may kill the turkey, goose and chicks, and I will pick off their leathers when they are hung up, they will freeze stiff this weather as the air has changed since we talked together about the coming Christmas." The. conk kent her hands bnsv and her "amlspacious; hallwhi chandelier as you entered, the old fashioned tongue too sometimes on such occasions as custom was observed, if a gentleman he set this one. Tom looked in as he was passiDgby his hat 'and gloves on, the table took off his the door he said "girls when shall I fetch the overcoat and overshoes in the hall, if a lady, tree?" "any time you like" said the cook "only dbe 4ft her wraps; antlthr"irostorr hostess" vrr"'timenEolifess"ii7 two days before do."- - "Take -- it- to your came.forwardi to receive and welcome them.-Tn- e Christmas that-wi- ll 'La., ,UH T9" iV,,, T . parlor was large, the furniture was elegant rich and costly, the finest velvet covered your business in double "quick time and kill the chairs and sofa; oyer: a Jarge old- time fi re the fowls for me to dress." away1 he went sayplace witfi grate and fendejs, set vases filled-wi- th ing he would have a hand in dressing. flowers that bloomed later intermixed There was a boarding house kept in the ' with green, which the girls delighted to keep village bv nf rorreat. resnpfta-o v a maiden ladv J r fresh and beautiful. - The greatest - feature of bility, and there were two gentleman boarders the room wa3 the likenesses, father and that had come in' town of late; they were mother hung side by side. Hessis's hung'by college chums and one of the two was a her mother's and ihe faces looked so much nephew to the lady that kept the bouse. He alike, you could but tell, the difference by the was a young man of high standing in. society age, Lucia's was beside her father, she refinely built about six feet in bight, dark hair sembled him more than her mother. There and. complexion gentlemanly in bearing, nohad been no pains spared, no. expense withbility shone out in every act and word. Hi3 held to make this home a happy one and to companion was of a different cast in face and r 1' perpetuate that satisfaction that should the ugure; ne was nonesty useit with a goou dear old par nU. pass. away; their dear children and heart obliging manners, not so much the could look upon their coun ter part, or should nne gentleman with polished airs, but truththe girls be taken away by a divine Providence ful and good, there could not have been a their features were left on canvas and would greater contrast between two individuals, one not be so easily forgotten. When you gazed wa3 light and delicate in constitution fair skin, u Poa the portrait of the seemed as it a curly, sandy beard. Both were of good rs- youngest her though lips would part to speak, to spectable parentage. The nephew had come the dimples in her cheeks with a smile, sobring like to make a short stay with his aunt, and had was she taken The artest was an expert and brought his friend with him to spend the could bring nature to his command, he was holidays and have a change from a city life master of his art and -- could bring irTntcT Fred Stanley was the name of the lady's requisition- such the father had sought to take nephew, Harry Hasting the name of the other. his charming daughters, and his wife and xjttixjr eaiu i:reu as iney sat logeiuci i his own. their neat little room cozy enough it was too, a cueenui nre Diazmgaway on: tne neanu. ur. xne sitting room was "Hovv shall we make oUr neatly furnished acquaintance with to make it comforfcahlA those nymphs ,pf the. woods, we heard chatting " . lounges, windowsjarge to emit the rays of the away about Christmas. I would s?ive mv whole tuu its aP jignt up fortune to get her for a wife she is such a already cheerfTiyus ful aspect for everything had been done with fairy, what a model of health and beauty, she- -is taste and good judgment to make this room fairlas aJilyrand oh what a voice its sweet one The house was a rustic set well back from the road, with long rows of ornamental trees on either side which made a nice shade in the summer up a smooth garveled walk, at the-- end was an old wicket gate, as you passed through this a garden displaying good taste. well laid out met your view, although at this season of' the year few flowers were in bloom, the summer one3were covered- - tjo preserve : them from "the frost " and getting winter killed. , The lawn was still green and the fountain sending forth its spray, the woodbine, myrtle and ivy festooned around the pillars of the old fashioned porch and windows. The front door steps were hewn stone and led up to the main entrance. The frontdoor was large and massive with small narrow windows at the, sides. The doors folded back into a large - old-fashion- M "-"- V -- - z- " ;; " 1 m m m 1 