WOMAN'S EXPONENT of so larga an assembly of the saints, stand with her were her Counselors Mrs. J..S. Richards and Mrs. 15. Wl Smith,' the Secretary children 'pay their own tithing, it would ,bo giving practical lessons upon the principle," urged mothers to teach their children these things early in life, lhe speaker then gave who'sio history and whose works have constituted tho evolution,; of the kingdom of God; expressed. his belief in, the divinity. of the Prophet Joseph -- aiH that theunder the primitive Church---wa- y direct mnuence oi tne noiy unost. iveanzea that 1800 years the Church had been without prophets and Apostle the. true Church was, witnarawniina no representative oi it wa3 upon the earth; admitted. that there had been a sublime power that had blest and elevated had lifted up the people humanity, : in one land after another, but the ministers Of the Latter-daSaints preach tho Gospel every where without jmonfeyiiiind without price. xne speaker .anuaeu in ine mosL iavoraDie terms to the Kev; Edward Irving a distinguished Presdyterian who had made a wide mark fro of all other preachers, arid from" histeachings had grown up the Apostolic Catholic ' faith. His was an earnest, eloquent- - nature.Ho, added many other remarks on this and other subjects of interest. The Conference wa3 adjourned until 2 p.m. singing, Mrs. S. M. Kimbally Treasurer- Mrs., Mvl. - Home also the Cor. Sec'y. Mrs. E. B. Wells and -- of R. S. of, the several Stakes of Zion were seated in one of the stands. ; , . There was a large congregation of women with a few men scattered here and there,, Confer-- , , ence opened by. singing, , ' ; . "Praise to the man who cchmuned with Jehovah.''. Prayer wa3;offered by Mrs. M. I." Horne, .. and-tha- t, " continued by singing,"-- " ::rr"i-' ''"" -- . "Minutes of theTorenooToFTast semi annual Conference were read and . approved. Pres. Zina Young welcomed the congregation in Jier .most happy manner, said we were living in a peculiar time, yet never felt better, realized the beginning of the end, was near at hand; felt; bo anxious concerning the daughters of Zion, that she would give her life, if it would save them-frothe-masnare3 and temptations surrounding them at the present time," Asked the sisters in themostjearnest manner if any towards 'another; oThmbdhardTeelings few moments to give them she would wait a sisters time for reflection; 'if you have: hard them waive them, put away., ;It.is our feelings duty to train the children that they may be prepared for the work they will have to do. Vve sorrow; because of persecution, but God reigns arid all things will work together Jor. good for those that serve Him. Healap xruls the elements, and the calamities that are now coming have been predicted by His servants, and we cannot avert them, any moretban Joseph of old could when he foresaw the scourges that were coming upon his brethren; he knew it but could not hinder it neither can we. We mourn the conditions- - that have brought about these, things, and we desire to assist in elevating humanity and bless tho world: we. must learn to be charitable and to - : - - . -- six members, in that first little meeting." Dr. Pratt then read a part of the statistical and financial report from the several Stakes, - wbicir-Mr-s S.."Kimbfi'UTmad6T8omr suitable remarks, sympathizeijriththo nu dience in having to listen to the report, but explained that it was a part of the labors of the Relief Society. The Prophet Joseph , said a part of our labor was to learn to do .business in a parliamentary manner, it is not interesting to all but it is an important matter . Pre3. M. John R. S. Utah Stake gave a brief report of the organizations and remarked that she felt proud of the labors of the sisters, and also spoke of the work they had done in silk h,: ". culture and felt to bless all. rPresMvPitchfbrth R. S. Juab Stake, "we with us and if we have the gifts of rhave not thee; and we are striving to live the religion we roftss.1 We bayr been brought to this land y the power of God;" said she was, the first to receive the Gospel in the town where she lived when only fifteen years old, and she; prayed r. Eldershad who faith that-th- e then for-tpreached to them, and her faith had grown with the t years; "though we TalleYsftUtfle'TmfitIfal wcfTiave become a wealthy people, and our wealth increases, may our faith also increase; I know God is at the helm and He; will guide the ship of Zion iafely?"8he felt with Sister Zina that these were trying times but never felt better. ' Dr. Pratt finished reading the report which . the-Gospe- -- he caetottee was accepted."- -; :'r' ' Hon. A. Maitland Stenhbuse Ex. Member of Parliament from Canada, then addressed the meeting by the iavitation of the President. He esteemed it a privilege to stand in the presence : v t Guidons : s :. - . . . t ' , . "How firm a foundation. -- .Minutes.of the evening session of lference in October, last read and the Con after r IP Hyde Pres.'R. S.Sanpete Stake, made the opening speech, said she had been fifty years in the Church,' and one year after she gathered with the Saints to Kauyoojbore testimony - to the divinity of Joseph; Smith's mission and spoke concerning the divine truths taught by him, of which she was a living witness; she also spoke earnestly upon charity, thought we should 4tir up each other's minds by way of remembrance. Relieving the wants of the poor and comforting the sorrowful was labors.- . 1 it . prayed for the bles3in zill?Z: "jl" l1J11 1 .1 t gemer in joy ana ' peace" ana success crown our"" accepted. Mrs. M. d -- TTiou GreatJebovah.V 0, ' "r Prayer by Mrs.'Minerva W. Snow, singing, . ' Thy blessing.'' . ; remember sixty years ' ''Lord dismiss us with v "Benediction by Mrs. B. W. Smith. Afternoon session: singing, . u : s ' i tnere-.nee- e T ny lioiy opirit, sam De no ' teachers President over the Except the Presi of-thdent Society.ixhorted" mother to be like angels in the household to(bring lovo tc-- ' all, and kindness; we should love each other and our God; the world drives us to love each- other, we'are shut out from them; more than a thousand wives and mothers, whose husbands cannot associate with them on account of the enforcement of the special la W3 made for' us It used to be said that those who sub-- j dued tha earth .and caused the grass tc? grow: on desert laudf were philanthropists, but thii people do these things and yet are condemned. Alluded to the report which was read in,,tha morning, aSd spoke of the little nucleus out of which this magnificent result had grown; re ferred to keeping the Sabbath day holv; spoke encouragingly to those that had come long dis.-- ;. tances, and alluded to the example of the. Savior and his appearing to Mary and Martha" ; m 0(t n ings or, tne y ' "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation.1' applicable in all its branches in the several,. Stakes of Zion and specially denounced rafil-- " ing under all circumstances;" gave some excellent suggestions in" regard to nursing the sick. The President spoke upon the im portant position the teachers occupy; and that T iL r .j -- - - ' ' " Mrs.u. iiujtiart uounseior in k; tt. tiear nlir-- Tjflko fitakp. rpnrtrtpA thp. sisfpra ffiprA tA their duties, and doing all the good possible, there is a minority not diligent but the ma jority are. "There are 16 branches in the Stake including boda bprings, rres. Lindsey is un-- . tiring in - her labors." Pres.Badge gives the visited by the sisters from Salt Lake City,' --have Hcneceasi&nally spoke highly of the industry of the sisters in and we appreciate it.'' Bore a strong testinlon toanpete;: tney liad been diligent in storing up and knew all would be well with those who wheat, and performing : the i.dutieaUpliltteLL jjciiuiiu men uuiies laiiuiuny. ; " Mrs. Annie AV Juarson Pres. of It. S. Emery Mrs,;Adeline-Barbe- rPres. of R. SrCache Stake, said she tried to go round the Stake the Stake, reported organizations ..over which she presided, praised the sisters tor their good help the missionaries; they were, not a wealthy ; t i .' tievoiving wvrKa m it. iuu various uuiies but were willing to divide; it was not a upon people : .iT1 1 t r i me them, rejoiced in her labors, and also that she gram sisiers naa iaia np some, uuumry, yet was a worker in the Temple, reported the sne Knew mis wa3 ine JBLingaom oi uoa; tney Canada branch of the Relief Society. Spokes had received good counsel from brethren and of the storing of grain and taking care of it, sisters who had visited them. v u -; some of the brethren did not see the necessity Mrs. Susan Grant, Pres. of Davis Stake of it, and it wa3 very discouraging;1 felt we 1 spoke highly of the Presidents and sisters in that were engaged in a great work, that the living; locality; said the President of the Stake-anhad the privilege of working for the dead. hi3 Counselors met with them in the Conferences Mr3. Mary Jane Hendricks, Counselor m the i and gave them good counsel and instruction, " JSrOnjiagtake the Jirgefktbemothers to teach ments and tried to encourage and help along of also and to instil faith principle tithing the several branches, 'spoke hichly of the into their young and tender minds; thought President and bore a good testimony. much responsibility rested upon the mothers. ? TIT f ' Till XiUen w.; JLunt irres. of K. & Paro-wa- n Dirs. Mrs. Ann Tate Cor. SecV.. of JL S, Tooele Stake represented in a very ablel manner Stake gave a good report of the labors of the the situation in the few branches in that Stake: sisters in that vicinity and added some farther felt happy in performing-hehad duties, they remarks testifying of the work in which we 'good Presidents; and an efficient corp3 of are engaged. -- made" Machers. JhCcdar.City - they-ha- d 'Mrs: "Jane- B. Richards. fWnsftlnr "fA"thft commencement' in the and thsv President Mrs. Young, realized that the meet- were much interested in the storing iuK uau uteu a long one ana yet mere were & Testified that the hand of the Lord "had been5 few items to be touched upon, hoped we should Over her from childhood. i : all think over what had -- been said about Pres. Z. D. H. Young addressed the cheerfulness and-no- t only receive it but reat some spoke' lengthtfpon cheerful- -' member itL and do all thing3 with a" cheerful ness'it is through trials we gain the blessing heart; let us all try and live here so we can and when we are cheerful our trials are have a. few friends to welcome us on the other half as hard to bear; there is a sermon in theonly, two side, if she failed in that sha wnnld want to word3, 'God rulesPresident Brigham Young come back. "We had a big report read here had made the remark if ho had another y of the condition of the Relief Society, family to raise he would have his wives" and- and there .a,greatjwpr though-w- e -Sister -- - ; l- L X " 1 -- T -- , ' -- ' H thelr-chTld-fen w r - silk-cultur- e, of-gra- in. " ly, - to-da- 