(J iVOMAJN'S 32 water world we could make this if we set out ou the principles that Ho taught, and ' on the p'riaci-- ' iral.I-aiikl-."th- at" they are pie that He ' studying the temn"eranceiuestin,tu Tho', hard it seems to part with friends, Yet we've the assurance given That ties'so dear we form on earth Will reunite. in heaven. oo hnvnnil their bounds, there earthquakes, fire, and vapors of uv.nM would Jje smoke, men's hearts failing them for fear of the things. that would take place on the " i Mary ; -- Testament.. .They, are thinking vhether we could not make a heaven out of this world Xet them go. on, those men who find that it is for their interest to have a great hig trust and a great" big monopoly. Perhaps. the people will some time discover that there are two frnd play at .that game. "i who can. A' that the truU with WVU? & Co." for the Tpliame,' that sncTira : trust raa: that: might :make : things go into a sort of brotherhood in this r eMintryrnnd that it could be brouglit about through the ba!lot-to- x Only a country that has Christianity could ever have ideas of brotherhood, only a country that has the-- broad ness and the sweetness of the (jm.-pcould. thi! evr-Ccimjison "preaching iu Kvaiiston wEeli I was a student m college there, said: f "Boy?,' the very buttons on your coals you owe to Christ." I pondered on that a great deal, and I concluded it was' God's truth. Carlyle the great Scotch philosopher, said, as he atjunder the hedge Eidellyltde With Emerson, the great American philosopher, and pointed with his long finger across the meadow to a church spire; ''Christ died on the trt e ! That built the kirk yonder, ' and brought you and me together." So it was :Ch rist , w h o li ed ont h e cross, who. pu 1 4h e bright Jight into the earth that is spreading . everywhere. (To be continued?) -- , yrroay - et EXPONENT . , eartnv - ; : . would say the Lord delayeth His coming, hut. Malachi says: "lie will suddenly come to His temple." Then a temple must be What people have built for Ilirn to come to. Saints r and built a temple but the Latter-davi.- - tr:, :'..) xur nix Vtiio art; vvmiugj iooiug In the last chapter of Kevelations it Is re- An n Denoiu, l come qu lekiy, pea t e i t wiee: and mv reward F vith me to srive everv man according as his ork shall be." This same Jestis that Peter saw Ofro un1 into" Heaven will come again to reign ou the :earth a, thousand- years, of which the Sabbath is tj pical, being the end ot tne six thousand years ot laoor and toil, the scvent Ijthouiandyjciiric in s a Hindley, Ellen Emma Clarke, Featherstone, Mary B. Some " S. D. Robinsox, ' ' '.'-- ' Adams, .... Committee. y mm '" . tJrUf Oli SALE 4t -- ' THE COMING OF THE SAVIOR. , Acts 1st chap., li ver.' "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into Heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up"'froni you-in- to heaven, shall &.; come in like manner '"as ye have seen hira go into heaven." Saints are the only people The Latter-da- y that are looking for J&e aiulta gafd the jVftr ifevounr.aI only ones that bo f)rei)aredr gnlitlLjErid-a-vfetatum- -; togatuer out from the world the honest at heart, .that would receive the Gos-pof Christ, . Til quote from the Book of Covenants, Appendix Section 133, 4th ver. commencing at, "wherefore prepare ye, pre-- ,, pare ye, OTuy people; sanctity yourselves; gainer ye togetner, U ye, pep pie ol my ehn r Jforla or destroy in all mv holy mountain sairh the Lord. Aud He will come as a thief in the night, they will be eating and drinking marryof Noah unt'l the ing,j ' etc, as in the- davs . y flood came and took them all away. . We the latter-day- . baints have gathered ourrroin the world to prepare ourselves for the coming of our itedeeraer, wo ought to be the most faithful of any people on the earth, keeping )urselve3 unspotted from the sins of the world, from all its allurements, and whether we live or die, we shall be ready to meet our Lord, as Paul says the dead in Christ shall rise first, and ever be with the Lord. ."Now we beseech you brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto Him, that ye be not soon shakenjn nind, or troubled, neither. by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as. the day of Christ i3 at hand. Let no man deceive you by any jneans; ,for that day shall not come, except there; coraer'Tialling awy; first, and that man of sin revealed, the son of perdition." Thessalonians II, 2nd chapter. This we know to be true, as there never was PRINCIPAL POINTS - EAST, WEST, y . NORTH and SOUTH -- UNION a:. TICKET OFFICE, Street, Salt Lake' City. J. V. PARKER, Asst. Genl.Pass. AzU. 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st SoiilIjSt,, SALT LAKE CITY. sin and unbelief, because they received not the - tiporrtne-ian- ... so strong delusion was sent to them Mary Ann M. - " .tdi3here1or-- & r day nor the hour. Let- -. H oils e Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Bertha Greenwood who died quite suddenly at American Fork June 7, 1890. them-,-therefor- Gentiles, fleeuutoZmn; "AnlieifchSn"bo" " he . be of Judaii flee ui.to Jerusalem." Here the Latter-daSuints have the word of the Lord, and knowjustjvha4o-dt- :Pirn y iorn-Iane-is-rft- Trr and always been n hapd to do what was reauired of hrr ShewasA4-0dUttcrMfaySaint and a true friend to the poor and needy. She was also a teacher jn the Sunday School for several .years and has been a great comfort to her afflicted husband his and during long painful illness - 1 requiring her constant attendance - - Special to the Ladies. Sunday Will be found thnlateststyles and productions LACES, RUCHES, EMBR0DERIE3, EAKS GLOVES, PARASOLS, I i: RBONSroiiraRsr ties pcl to them, thcli the gathering, so that they could b- prepared lo go in to the marriage supper 'of the Great .Bridegroom. ."And when this Gospel of the kingdom is preached; the end shall crne " The Holy word speaks of the signs that will .qe And an elegant assortmenf of : and the slender thread was snapped quite suddenly On Saturday afternoon causing grief of the wildest description among her family and friends. Therefore be it resolved.thaf we the members of the R 1 AT -- pre-- J t" past and suffered at times very severely.. She had an attack of rheumatism on " the elders preached the ?Aplacustfgrer . maUsm for several years .. who are among - - Sister Bertha Eyring Greenwood wa uc asuny, coourgf Oermany. and came to America in 1253 ana joined the Church m St. Louis in 1859. She has been a faithful officer of the Relief Society of this ward ever J -- . G asli Pratt. oFZion. 5th verse. "Go ye out from Babylon. Be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord." 8th verse. "Send forth the Elllers of my church unto the nations which are afar off; unto the islands of theea iirstl upon the Gentiles, and then upon the Jews." The Gentile3 have been almost thoroughly warned, andjthe Jewwilj hp. ttfttTverle. "Tea. let the crv v fWt, Awakaand-aris- er among allj)eople: and co t. . ., i i , i .Hi r,4Tri me nuiu iu ujeui unuegroom, oenoltt and 16 the bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet hira. Prepare yourself for the great day of : the Lord." , . . The Leading Retail IN MEMORIAM. , . that should believe a lie, who believed not they the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. el t r)E,lT torGOODS aud se V Iu- - U2t 114,116, 118 jEasl Temple Sir are;bereft oi the care frL Jl :n 7 all. the ' by a cPy Of these resolutions be to that one be sent to thepresented InJefendint kmX the nf,K and that it be spread on the KSpIved-th,a- t Frk a.on lovedand esteemed by a large circle of aSS0,CUteS and. hef sudden death is mourned S family also pSrt iTIM"Dri:D. .AMES 2c CO. PIERS CASjWATER & STEAM FITTER S for WMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FOIU'F pr?cnPumps Repaired on short notice. Orders frot the corn try promptly responded to, -J 