WOMA N'S EX PONENT. for, aqd also an ...appeal will! ba'iuade to Wo- - said, "we. are living in a timt th if Ihiemerfcency) the Head Center of 'the Great iWdmad uflrage Organization, including her tfoblebrbthersthb question7 will be, "What does Wpman Bay? Give us some of your , .' ,' ..v While reading the political matter of the day, of different Territories, I became in terested in a report of the Committee,' on "..,. pdiintyland" Muni ci pari Government; in Wash." - wis-dom?"- wilUrvi 'hearts of all; our . greatest aim should be to .stand .firjn in the kingdom of God. The Itelicf Society is doiug a great work it has' been organized, wo 'should be diligent to all our duties." ; Sister A. Hall then'spoke'a short time bearin-atten- ding V f 101 satisfied to 'have anything left-o- f the dreamy, or we but must have speculative, imaginative; plain, straightforward," scientific fact?, well de fiued situations, and suggestions bearing ' on the economy and practical side of every day existeco. . '. . : Observo'this tendency in the art of painting, ing testimony to tl;e truth of, the Gospel. commencing with tb.3 Dutch school, whose artists Bbhop3 Jonah .'Evans, . Enoch Harris, and painted not only pictures of the real common- Thomas Davis'made very instructive remarks .place '.life about them, but, for fear, that there op. severardifferent . subjects,. creou raging the might be a gleam of ideality exhibited, tbeso .ltoL.fP. live up to their privileges andetand icld fellows were-- rather wont to choose fori their firm in the kingdom of God. Meetingad-journe- d Especially.the followingcIause. "The Legissubjects interiors, with all the disgusting details EbaU lature. have.no powerto impose tax upon until 2 p. m., singing "Beautiful and offensive minutiie ofjdomestic life among inntitiwi fntrn n Trmni niin lift am i .. - t .. I . . EmYcb-Harri- s. Home. ' Prayer-by-Bihu- p Afternoon services commenced by singing taproom?; men, women, and children, mixed poses, such power, is vested absolutely iu "Guide us 6 ThVu; Groat Jehovah." Prayer Local Authority?' 'the folup, together in drunken brawls, and the like. lowing sentences, I am a woman, ana deprived by Brother, Joseph" Dudley.; 'Hinging ,0)rae Any one who remembers the Teniers, Browers of suffrage. I have paid taxes about thirty let us prepare! with one heat Pres. Rose and Jan Steenswill not fail to appreciate their have and of often it I heard HowHJ Pres. Jane Harris of realism. And this same tendency has extended years, expressed that Muddy Creek, Coun. Esther" Lusk"7f , 'taxation without representation is tyranny." 7Ialad City, into more recent painting. Lven into the Portage, I'll add to this and say. It is a vexation, diau;t xuutue .iifl.il oi asnasie, sister xijiiza-bet- h historical and religious art, so long considered Davis-o- f & disgrace to the nation, bondage, a species of Cherry Creek; Sister Elvira purely idealistic, has this same spirit of realism Harrison of St. John, all gavej unfavorable reiavery, a great 'incentive to rebellion. On penetrated, guided by the spirit of science and 'of their ports respective brnnches, expressed a accurate feseafch. No more striking instances ;our?'publiC( building on all jniblic political determination to co ahead in ilia erreat work ot of this are to be found than the genre paint ,occasions, js hoisted and unfurled the stars and 'stripes, a3 a representation r Grand the Relief )ciety and bpre afiakhlulf tcsti- - iug-i- of Knauss, Defregger, and their class.Old' Constitution. Qur martial music issues mony to me WDrs we are entrac d in.- - ; Then, iu literature, see what realisnr has Wm.' Coun. H. Gibbs then adilressed the accomplished, or not accomplished, beginning forth strains of welcome1 to national holidays.. ;But it 13 sad, to think in the folds of that sisters, spoke of the necessity of storing grain. with Balzac, the father of the school with his 'r& jes tic flag, is hidden a something that'sp'eaks "We should be diligent in attending our meet--' melancholy pictures of Parisian lifo in the .louder than the cannon'd roar, ''Crippled ings; the Kelief Society" is a'great blessing, they farly part of the present century, down to r are ddinx'a great work in viiTtiu da, with his minute,' and detailed description. in clear outlines and high coloring, of a bad 10 mose mat ncea tneir am music I hear stifled moans, "Crippled Liberty." unanuiiiuusiering . ? . 1. it ucuss of smalhpox, which he gives us in that deThe Orator of the day proudly . reads the : ana assistance, ana. gave muca v&luubie-i; nation's" motto. Life, Liberty, and thi pur- - structiqn. 7777 lightful and spirituelle flhiht of the;' imagina7; 7 77777"" tion, the romance "Nana." But to return to . suit of Happiness, guaranteed under the Con-- .' Etitution. It is "Mistaken Liberty."" Hark! remarks. 7 Lonlerence adjourned for three, our romanticism; the father of romantic opera is What do we hear? A double echo from the mouths. Sinking "Ixrd we come before Thee ,: Yon Weber, the composer of "Der Freischutz" Jflag accompanied Bthe'sound 'of the drum.'. now.' Benediction was pronounced by Brother (the enchanted bullets):' In his operas tho refined spirit of tho school shows itself in its Give W0Iua11 Suffrage, give woman su ff rage. Kichard Davis. Lucinda IIokix?, Pres. Read your mottoes, unfurl your flags; but we brightest and most captivating form. They ana are masterpim's 01 imagination; m-ir: will place upon our banner, tho name of, and .,Lliza. A. 11a a Sec. the effect samo on a West Portage, March 4th, 18D0 ghostly, and produce give all honor to, our Father; the King of will as Allan individual sensitive , Edgar : Jvings, (Woman s friends -1 he Story for instance,-PosV f SCHOOLS fantatesrsay OF.MIBIC. Ladies ! Do not or a uiacKat, wnpir reau; unatr lavoraaio die"irjar6d pa3t, circumstances. :..uth JV eber, no soouer does I . If will will work but and ' ye sec, wait, youlhen weird ideas, present itself to his '"-u7 ! . in the school of poetry and prose literature in: one of those n r France. There iho spirit ofrromanticism.con-- ; mind than he yields himself to its1 influence, 7 tending against the artificiality of classicisra7 UUliy vuu suui, uuu paiuw ib m sutui wuu Ere long:, she will help to hold tha Ccntei Staff, fantastic colors that his audience cannot chooso -- took"Ufifiifl lb? .fla that mil ftiakf the nations laughTT . . but dream or shrink, or shudder, or be horri-fiedThere in print " Woman Suffrage' in letters bold, anarchy; and writers went to fcuen extremes or V his will. Read her name ."Queen with King," in the nations roll. caprice, DOtn merary ana morai, mat, wuu a few exceptions, such as Lamartine and Victor 7 Mendelssohn, although in some respects a lid- , fjWith him, she has endured the scorching fires, IIugoTit bcame anything bat xeformatory.7 romanticist, as, for instance, in ."The And kept her faithful beat through midnight hours; Jven in uermany tne literary curiosities and summerKight.,Pream!7vra3an7i ' "And mingled with the pebbles 6f the briny se.; eccentricities of Jen Paul Richter and E. T. a very successful one, of the classic forms! In battle, has helped to make the nations free . A. Hoffmann are almost too fantastically He, of all the modern composers, has made the nearest approach to the old reformatory - spirit v 7 rolnantic 77 ter;b3"healtny. which there we of are are not sure yet Many things off religious composition in the great oratorios Bo among . the romantic com pOiCrs oC. rnusk But woman knows so well, that she can much endure, there are too many whose extravagances are "Saul" and "Elijah". 7 rAd the sweet whisperings are "Oh ! watch and wait, - ' Schumann is perhaps, the best known : light and whereas Schubert1 and offensive; ridiculous 7-- The pleasure of God,; He never comes too late." in the purely modern development; of this often bordered on the realistic, a3 in "Erlkceiiig romanticismand was iluring his life, its leader " To woman I'd talk, and of her I would sing. his writings are always ..musical, wnue too and champion. Herevived the spirit of Riehter ml ; frnfJmqnn. and in fact, takinf? their To critics then I'll say,4 laurels you ve won; imitators and would ba innovators in many I'U tell you once for all, I have just begun. this school nave only proaucea noise and writings as texts, he actually tried to portray in of music language the peculiar-eccentricipainful "effect'." .Whatever these other comtheseJold rhapsodists,:iJIe was JwtirMisician may do, no one ever hears a- - composiR. S.f Y. L. M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS posers and pdetI7 Inorlcr.tb;7:iin tion bv Frantz Schubeit 'without Ueing benefit' r must be'Ven'" rapj ed thereby. 7;'. MALAD STAKE., . , The tendency in composition- during thU poetr by such German romanticists as Richter, Heineand cchlegel. And just as these poets . J EnimR Lposent: century, since the time ,f B:ethoveu and The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Schubert, has , constantly bteii towaid the revealed CQdle:8 deptbs7 of feeling in a few deimonstra- - 1 ioc?,so tloes Schumann iiicleed in saying grat Society of the Malad Stake was held at Port- -' romantic; growing more anymore hings, and loaving unutterable things to be tive and extravagant, until' we have now afro Ffth. Oth. 1890. Pres. Lucinda Hoskins s. be called a school of felt, in one of his fchort I)iano7poems. presiding. On the stand Coun Wm. H, reached what might realism. But again this disposition in art is Schumann, is more available to: us, owing to Gibb3, Bishops of the different wards, Presidents and Counselors of the different branches, constantly coincident with progress in every the fact that his most; striking peculiarities show etc. Meeting opened by singing "May .we. direction, and seems to be the expression or and propensities toward romanticism themselves in his piano compositions. Like wlM Irnnw thp. invfiil sound." Praver was product of the "spirit qt the lime rfToroA Ktt TiMU. T7 T HJKha Mnhlntr I 'rhpntionecliSaturally each'newqwch has' wan t3 Schubert, he resorts to any technical means to of his poetic fancies, and - these : 4J..v M Itfintifoo I - .Ai.M9nnnrlih.i to lt3 DOSltlOH. CUatnm. and 4hA jv'ive t of last Conference read and approved. Pres. state of its civilization. We arebe-n-growing so a7alwayi ss Iran ge bry ondalNlef criptionrba a beautiful and striking. If it be truewhat longer Lucinda Hoskins then addressed the meeting, intensely practical that we can . " .This-"suggeste- - d . , v : , . of-bu- . - ; the'-poo- . .1 . 1 -- " 77 ; . - . K a ...-iW- ' J". e-s- ni Wtl..T . -- 1 - ; the--formr:oT- pci at 1 - , -- i . " i ties . ' - " . , or-tong- -- iT''"l',itl.' . a-pict- ure -- - 