WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- fcfAKE YOUR HOME BEAUTIFUL. ICS ",See! the night wears away and cheerful morn All sweet and fresh, spreads from the rosy east, Fair nature seems revived, and e'en my heart Sits light and jocund a, the return." day's Make your home beautifulftring'to it flowers, ' Plant tht-- around you to bud and to bloom; Let them give light to your loneliest hours Let them bring light to enliven'your gloom; If you can do so, oh, make it an Eden, Of beauty and gladness almost divine; TwiIl teach you for that home you are needing. The earth robed in beauty beyond this dark time. the west wall was the word welcome in evergreen letters arranged iu a4semicircle beneath which hung the ..picture of the Ute Jane Keymau first president of theR. S. in ftbis After a hasty breakfast we begin loading place The presents were a beautiful ready made once aain tlu wu , auu wn-jensconced in our sleigh our photo's if taken dress and a splendid, large photograph album. Three wouiu compare very favorable with the natives long tables were spread with the good of Lapland, the only thing lacking, we had. things of the earth to which about eighty, perhorsrs 'instead of reindeers, but we were comsons did ample justice. , fortable and that was all that wa3 needed. The rest of the afternoon was taken up by a --Those who have traveled the road from Huntvery enjoyable programme consisting of songs, Price-neeno description of it,and I speeches, and recitations. The entertainment, ington to do not think the writer would be able to give which was' a grand success, was a complete you an intelligent description, for with her,locality "surprise" to Bister Howd and will long be is at a very Jow ebb. After traveling over hill remembered by all of us. At the close a hearty and dale and occasionally a deep "wash" I at vote of thanks was tendeied to the committee-who-ha- d last had the courage to ask if we were not near contributed so much to the pleasure our destination, imagine my surprise when I of alP present. Sister Howd was a member of the R. S. was met by the astoui-hin- g reply that we were a organized by Joseph Smith the prophet, and only half way, but as the loudest lane-hae sun was bidding: the earth was in the first company that followed the turn, and adieu for the day we arrived at our destinapioneers to the Valley. She was the third tion. We found the sisters anxiou3 to do all president of the R. S. of this place and has StakcPresident for. ten years. tharwas required of them, aud were met by a been-o- ur Faithful and true to every duty that devolves warm reception. Oar return trip was some what tiresome but upon her, may she live to a green, old age, and may we prove worthy successors to follow," we felt that we were on a mission of exhortation and mercy ,aud although the weather was such as in her footsteps and emulate the example shd has always set before us. to dampen the ardor, under any other circum E. J. Bennett Stake Coun. stances we enjoyed ourselves admirably; alter L. Jones Stake Sec Relief Society. returning home we coutinued our trip southward as far as Emery, (formerly known as the' M u d d y )' t hero we assis ted i n effect i iig th e re-.- " NOTES AND NEWS. organization of the Relief Society of that place. In visiting among the sisters we. imMrs. Elizabeth.Cady Stanton has an article, proved the opportunity of agitating the suff rage cause, and insisting, upon all to become on the divorce question in the current number acquainted with its great aim, also to patronize of-. the Exponent, and keep pace with the times. A bill giving school suffrage to women has, It takes courage to live, and if we are be hind both temporally aud spiritually it makes been favorably repoitedin the Iowa House of T the struggle so much harder, but God is on Representatives. , . our side and if we do not attain to the righla widow of Prince The Duchess He4ntendethand that the Constitution of-ther diploma as a -d Great Republic guaranteed we should enjoy, hospital nurse," after taking"! h regalar course we know that all the enemy can-awin oe and the usual examination. : for the perfecting of Ziou. Let us then draw -nea rer toget her doi ng good,- speaki ng a n en-- H What a :tmmentaryr:on"tlie boasted1 couragmg word to all who stand in need, and chivalry of men was the dying statement of make for ourselves a record, helping to further Irs. Grace C Henderson. Three months and who sen t us, the purposes of our Father search for honest work -- plenty, of dishonorable who holds the destiny of man in His hand. opportunities then despair and suicide. And further more let me add, suecesss to the 'Ihe Women's Exchange of San Francisco, 'Exponent, may it enter many homes and have powerrlto allayiprejudice, and: show the: CaL, have created a building fund of $10,000 "Mormon" women in their true light to the by which they propose to erect a building for the. work of the Exchange, and for a Reading; women of the Nation, andlf there Lecture and Wailing Room for women and aire any rights we do not enjoy, our husbands feel it as keenly as we, for they believe in their interests. woman's advancement, and had they the power woman suffrage petitions have Seventy-fou- r the women of Utah would have the right of been sent in to the Massachusetts Legislature franchise. Sisters let us rally. to with renewed this year, signed by 2,908 women and 1,603 of sweet the and that spirit peace men; in all 4,511 citizens of the State over pray energy, all 'Relief in the be throughout Society one years of age, and residing in fifty- may twenty inour Father that the land, and do the good three cities and town3. tended. Wishing you all a year of peace and j An interesting feature in the Jewish Messenhappiness, I am yours in love; Josie E; CHILD3. ger, ot' March 7, is a symposium' on the train :icg ofewomen, in whicn a number of : thought Orangeville Marekrdl8.9i).i-t7- : ful American Jewesses takeTpartr They plead for the broadest and most thorough culture--religiouSISTER'S PARTY AT BEAVER. intellectual and physical. . ., Y..c Mike home a hive, where all beautiful feelings Cluster like bees and their honey-de- w bring; :.Z:Z.J1. Make it a temple of holy revealings,, Its And love bright angel with "shadowing wing." it shall Then be, when afar on life's billowsl Wherever your tempest tossed childen are flung. They will long for the shades of the home weeping wil- JV----'-- -.- lows, And sing the sweet song which their mother had sung. " Stlected. . -- s' as-th- LINES. ON THE DEATH-O- miller"t- GEORCE-RO- Y P Inscribed to the bereaved ' parents' by L : .T-- . . : - . Ml , . "Ve weepabovelhe pFeclous form, . . : ' We cannot trace .the spirit born, Into the realms of heavenly birth. Look up sad mourners thro' your tears, Your Roy, has gone from sin and blight, Without the weight of weary years, He lives! an angel in God's sight. AN INTERESTING ; VISIT. -- I take this opportunity of informing you, and our numerous readers, of the welfare and general feeling of your sisters; and a synopsis of our visit to the several wards of this Co., (Emery), hoping it may be interesting to you. As a new year is before us, and wishing - to make a good start in filling the requirements made of us, and help others with words of cheer, we left our homes Wednesday J an. the 15trj j traveling north by Sleigh, the weather was cold and clear, but thanks to our driver ., who knew just how to make ladies comfortable, (and here let me add is a Woman's Rights man) we had an enjoyable ride, reaching Huntington in time for supper, intending to hold meeting th ere th at nigh t; bu t on aceouu t ? of our notice not reaching its destination (a case that frequently occurs), and a3 there was to be a party that evening, of course we post iied our meeting. We decided to go n to Price the next morning and hold a meeting at that place, and meet with the. sisters, of Hunt-- , fagton on our return. We spent a very nice evening at Sister Pulsipher's, making preparations for the coming trip and hoping the morn would-blike the preceding "one. According: to your faith so it shall be for, -- e -- Ki'Arma:iI 1 of-Alban- his Leopold,-hasju-j-eceive- o -- fair-minde- Dear Sister Wells: . . -- We loved him as a human child, Given to us to keep and hold, Nor dreamed hemust from earth depart, Restored unto the tipper fold. Vainly we watch and wait to greet Smiles that would make sad hearts rejoice,- For the sound of pattering feet And the merry musical voice. T:Tr ., We thought the precious one our own, ror deemed gift to us but lent; That thus we must be left to mourn, In grief to murmur and lament, The absence of our darling boy. -;wfiose presence gave such glad 'delight, Aow, all is changed since our dear Roy, Has vanished from our yearning sight. - : -- d " ; s, which desire a rapresentation of Some of the sisters and a few of the brethren, women on the World's Fair Commission of this cityynet in the Relief Society hail, to .should immediately, by organizations and by individuals, petition the President to so appoint welcome our beloved and respected president, Sister LucmdaTlowdrback in ou r midsJloce Chicago; wh ich. promised s u ch'generousf ecog-- j: nition towomen, should now speak with no unmore-She had been absent for several months certain sound. From Wyoming, the Dakotas visiting her daughters on the Sevier and the and Kansas all such act3of chivalry and jus''surprise" was tendered as a slighttoken of tice are expected rand any state would honort hat one ofi tscom misthe respect, ana esteem m, wmen. nei3 heiiL its liistoryJbyjd e manding a women. at t w ea utirany ionersshouiorbe-oythect)m mun tyr Ex. decorated with evergreens and pictures. On Editor Exponent: li : States . 1 nii as-w- -- 