147 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. i braced and pray daily morning and evening that you may be preserved from temptation to renounce the principles of truth, tor I know and testify to you that this .Gospel we have accepted is the only one that will secure to us eternal life." Hepie was not so firm as her mother wished, but the promised to try and do all in her power to keep in the right path and. not listen to the false statements and reports that were circulated about Joseph Smith and ' . .' his followers. : The ponderous old stage coach came dashing were eaid and along and the last good-byes- " id- - not-d- a re look n Uhed back, but began surveying the faces of those around her in the stage. A few miles ride and the silence1 began to be irksome to a restless, girl and a lady near commenced asking questions that soon led to an interesting conversation. "Is -- this your first -- experience of leaving home?" asked the lady.,, "O, no, I've been away most of the "time since I was a Tittle girl." "And pray what are you now? little enough to be sure and look no more than eleven years at the most.? "I am fourteen and mean to teach in a year or two more, indeed it is expected of me." "You will have to grow rapidly and mature considerably, if you expect to occupy the position of a country school teacher, it requires physical strength remember that, and you look very delicate." Ilepsie wanted to say that she intended to go to Nauvoo and teach in some great institution of learning there, but she had resolved before leaving home not to mention Nauvoo, Joseph Smith, or the "Mormon remained -- silent,doetrinesr- - TEel;eloTe-fchwhich was in her case perhap3 the better way. We shall pass-ovethe year Hepsie remained at the high school iu G. and merely state, that the, girl applied herself exclusively to her studies, that she made rapid progress and won the love, esteem and approbation of her teachers . and many of the students. At this institdtion -- " " . he-scenc-fi -t- . r -- &-- r after a public examiaatieB--, certificate of graduation, which was proof of her ability to teach, but the law in Massachusetts ju thosejlays jequired eyerv teacher to be carifully examined Tn". the dutnet wFere the school waa to be taught, Hepsie however felt perfectly sure, young and inexperienced as she was, that she should not Jail when the time, came for a more specific examination. She had never betrayed by any word her peculiarfaitbVshewaiJtudyiug with a fixed purpose in view, and adnered to it strictly. Many times she wa3 lonely and felt the need of encouragement in her struggles with her own heart, in regard to the principles she had embraced, and of which she knew so little, but shekept her Bible with her, and a new light shone from its pages whenever she read it wiih a prayerful heart, and in any conversation with regard to religion she ' was able icTgi veT such answers a3 were aplicableto the questions -- Hepsie-rreceived-- a 4 j fj -- ; at 1 "What are you going to do Hepsie?" she .' re- plied invariably "to teach somewhere perhaps, "V uot yet." Farewells were interchanged a$ one after another would start for homey and Hepsi's s and teachers turn soon came, joined in predicting former a brilliant career, for she had excelled in literary pursuits and especially 'so in composition. The morning was dismal and cold making the girl all the more gloomy, the stage was crowded and she felt the more lonely the day wore on and "at last the slow, old coach stopped at Mrs. Hatha-way'- s gate; the anxious friends were eagerly waiting and a the girl alighted she felt as much embarrassed as when going among -- strangers,, per ha psjev that remarks and criticisms would be made upon her manners, her appearance" etc., and she dreaded to be the objept of village gossip as all sensitive people do. Her mother was the first to greet and caress her, and one after another commented freely, ''the child has not grown at all, she looks as if .'she had been 8taxvveJ)M you; Jikejbe school?" these and a hundred other similar questions poured in upon, her, she was tired and nervous and yet there was no escape; she had been gone a year al most and they were al an x ious - to k no w what improvement she had made, and the girl was oongea to suomu 10 tneir scrutiny ana ' questionings. The next event of importance, for we must hasten on with this story wa?, what wa3 Hepsie to do her mother had thought of this betore she came home, and decided that teaching would be the proper thing; New England women like Mrs. Hathaway believe in putting one's education to practical use. Things had settled down at home and Hepsie was getting used to her osrn family and the village people, and as the Spring began to open up renewed her visits to the old accustomed places, and Mrs. H. feared she s giving her time too much to idle dreaming. Hepsie was aware that her mother wanted to talk to her; and sought to avoid it, but it had to come. One day wheir they . were alone Mrs. H. spoke out. "Hepsie do you intend to get a school? for if you do its high time you set about it." "All the schools around here are taken, and the. three Baucroft girls have each secured a situation, Rosie is younger. than you are and ha not Bad the training you have had", Hepsie's heart beat very fast and she colored up to the eyes but she summoned up courage and replied. . "I do expect to teach and I suppose it mean3 going1 away from home again, but V will not board round. " "Where are you going to look for a place, board round or not? Lucy Reynolds has the district nearest here, Mis3 Bancroft teaches on the hillSusan on the other side In the East district," and Mrs. H ' went through the list of all the places near. Hepsie thought.a m" fellow-student- w-a- - . I 4 . . .WW -- first-rema- rk v- - ,i 'm W lion V nr-,I- 1 . - t-- At or Miss Hathaway I suppose you are now, a3 all the older girls are married, you do not look more than eleven years old, though your mother has lust told me you are fifteen. I'm airaid the folks at Beechwoods will think you're too young, but we shall see, I've come to en-- , gage you, there isn't much time to spare, Dext Mm.iiv TnnrnirifT thfi pnhool must nnen. vnii'll have to be examined you know, and you must " . f U . ,1 C i Dave a Ccriiuuatc ui guuu mui at vuaiaticr from your minister here." Hepsie thought this was rather soon to begin and besides she had never worn long dresses yet. Mr.,M. jlidn'r. sfem to notice it. and she assured her self she would look much taller and older when her skirts were long. After some further conversation- and explanations, terms were agreed upon, also the boarding place, and Mr. M. took his leave, saying at the last mo- ment iurs. xi. sne s iuu yuuzig iu itiitu, uui then we'll try it if she passes the examina; " - ' -- tion. . : : ' MISCELLANEOUS. 1 asked. Her mother's prayers were no doubt of much avail, for she was a woman of great force of character, remarkable energy and activity, rich in faith, and abounding in zeal in the good cause she had sojardently espoused. Ilepsie realized in after years, that the Providences of God were over her in those days, and she knew" her mother's prayers had been heard on high. How often dt we come to an understanding of the silent forces exercised in our behalf, years after those, who were the active agents in bringing about the desired results.lie cold and silent in the tomb, or have in other words, passed on "to that better land," ere we could make recognition of their spiritual help. Examination over, Hepsie felt to Jeave school and return home, as she had in coming away to the strange scenes She lav awake nicrht.a KpfnrA. and neoole. ,A haven't heard that school was taken have H ha A nnf ami sn FTnsip rn Ua i9" same. day wrote a letter to one ot the JLrustees whom she had known all her life. In a day or two he paid, a visit to see the girl herself and find out what her capabilities were. He came in the morning and Hepsie was already out in the orchard for the young l)uds. were just beginning to put in an appearance, and she had to be sent for, and while the old gentleman waited in the parlor he asked; Mrs. if. how old her daughter was who seemed so anxious to teach. "She is just .fifteen.', Doe3 she know anything about discipline?" inquired Mr'. M. this was a diflrcult question for Mrs. II. had an idea, that she knew about as much of discipline as the birds, however she .managed' to reply indirectly inai sne nau always ex training had pected to be a teacher and all her, 9 heea with that end in view, riere ilepsie appeared Mr. M. greeted uppn the scene, and good ojd afterwards her cordially, but his . J n r1 had-writte- been-somewh- "I'll try Beechwoods, I ment and then said hand, wondering how everything .would be, and how she would be received by her old In those friends and former schoolmates. days letters were les3 frequently interchanged than now, and Hepsie knew very little concerning what had transpired at home since her departure. There was no one coming to accompany n Hepsie home, though her mother to have the Principal make soma arrangements about the journey, . She would, be quite alone, as the students going in her. direction expected to travel in private conveyances. Aithough 'exclusive during Hepsie had thi3 last, year of school, she had made some very dear friends and"it was hard to -- leave them; some were goirg to the South to teach and others thought of teaching at, or near home in New England.. Hepsie expected soon to go to Nauvoo though she did not say so to .her classmates. When the question was asked; " Where a man's busi ness is there is the ground for his religion to manifest itself. ArihiirHelps. The good Samaritan helps the unfortunate wayfarer without asking, how he intends to vote. J. A. Macon. ; We find plenty of people who don't average well they, know too much for one man" and not enough for two - Uncle Eseh. There are few tables where convivial talent3 will not pass in payment, especially where the host wants brains or the guest has money- .Zimmerman . ; , -- ; ? "It's a great blessing to possess what one wishes," satd some one to an ancient philosopher, who replied, "It's a greater blessing still, cot to desire what one does not possess." True courage never exerts itself so much as when it is most pressed, and it is then we most enjoy the feast ot agood conscience wh en we stand in the greatest need of its support.: " Mibernicus 'Zettersr''' " T "r?"" Mv vonnc don'f. ' o Hisninlp" " r hunt,- for neW i j j thin i?s. but studv the old to imnmve unon r- , a:'. ones; every flat stone, andmost ot the bowlders, have been turoed over already by the novelty- hunters. Uncle Eseh. " " - r-r- s'r to merit, to make it appear by the faults of men: a mean wit or beauty may pass.ina room where the rest of the company arc allowed to have none; it is something to sparkle among cKinA' ntnnncr' nfthbleS' 13 tr diamnnflj. hnt MMV W IwUlUW w 7 MUAVUq neither credit norvalue'worth the pretending Sir W. Temple. - 