p 1 T the yentable scene which serves as frontispiece to Abbott's "Life of Josephine." I shall look it up when I get homel There was a large cocoa-nu- t grove on the shore at the, foot of the mountain, omirr whose waving trends coma be- - seen tftc huts of the native iiheimen and their nets spread out to dry I have seen' it before, I know, in dream, if not elsewhere. At evening of the same day we dropped anchor in the open roadstead of Bridgetown. As the "Finance" was to make a stay of several, hours w e wai I e fo r t he m o c n t o r i s e so t h at we we re wild with delight over the novelty of our drive .: from the carennge to the hotel. Somehow the. seven steamers and vessels in on that day, Seven steamers are at this moment on their way from New York to Barbados and yet it is almost impossife to get or send mails. During our foiir we have sent off mail but once. That of course has both its advantages and disad .... raooangui raaKcs woiiuruusiy ueauiuiu pictures and the cacti, tall as trees, and the cocoanut and cabbage palms shaking their long fronds in the breezes of the trade wind, not to mention the southern crossfshining "just" above' the horizon made us realize that it was a bit of landscape. such as we had read anddreamed. about it, but was now to Decome a reamy in our lives. - 1 plantains, - yams, sugar-can- JnaaV of cane juice, - VUW gOtWVU hard to make steamer connections. Father, mother and Lottie wish to be remembered. Yours with love, hot-sauc- e, 9TW AO 4 i 1,14 tUW S7 lUlU of Fairfield to witness the process of Then we spent a whole weekjn thecountry at the gathering shells and bathing in the lovely waters of the Caribbean sea, over which Columbus sailed when makingihis dis-- : sugar-makin- sea-sid- w g. e, sheba on the Atlantic side of the island, and to the Crane on the south shqrer; These latter places we reached by "rail, Barbados Jeing the only one of the Windward, group of islands that is so fortunate as to possess a railroad. The city, lines also of Bridgetown has several tram-wawater-work- s them an abundanceof fine that give y piped so as to furnish all the country estates and villages with good water. It will require a year or two more to complete me wcjk. lne amount of buiness done here is astonishing. The roadstead is full of shipping all the time. . One day I wa s t ol d th at t h e r e w exeloiiftiiuiidr - 1 . was held in Oak City, TRIBUTE MAY FIRST. I Ohl that this sweet month may.be the happiest of your life among the ihistks and sweet flowers of Time, soon, soon they will be faded away, but may the pure sisterly sentiment that prompts the hand to gather these angel-eye- d comforts for you never wither and fade, T. know it cannot, a lasting Spring will soon come to, Yours as ever M. O. Keltino. Every year for sometime past the writer has received from the lady whose name U affixed to the note Labove, a floral offering, and it isialways ac- eompamea wi bring pleasant;thoughts. We have no words to express the appreciation we feel for the friendship so delicately expressed. Remembrances such as these, promote good feelings and form lasting ties between those who have never met, but would otherwise be strangers to each other.- We shall treasure in the storehouse of memory these happy reminders, and if we should never meet on earth we may knoW each other in the great hereafter. - SUFFRAGE MEETINGS. A meeting of the W. S. A. of Millard Co. iriydiwasJbeld iu-Holden- April ICth, Mrs. M. A. Y. Greenhrlgh presiding. The meeting- was opened with prayer by G. Finlayson singii3g - Lhyliheoir-'he-pres- ; VWUU ed ffer4d-4jy-4w- aresffarfm'to finite rai4 4s ably;0 ,ul plan&aVe.notveryde ' interesting just to stand at tne window and watch the sights. Tiny donkeys in little carts are constantly clattering by," then there "are great hogs- heads of sugar drawn by five or six mules and perhaps four or five men perched on the load, but always with a small boy at a dead run with a lash in hand which he Incessantly applies to the backs and sides of the poor animals The whole island is under higu cultivation, sugar being tne staple. A wf drive about it seems as though the island Wild d . made of peppers, great bundles of all sorts and kinds, pails : : 1 cracked-liquo- r, e, . : sapodilia, bananas, and bread-fruit- ; . , AV.-Re- . 1 star-plu- ms " thick-walle- d s, . . beads. They gp3are-ibotebutlways wear a over their Reads. The women, handkerchief tied all the burdens on their heads but not men, carry thinking nothing of starting off wilh a half bushel of sweet potatoes, "or ddoes, ;brirtheir' head to walk miles without resting. About, town they carry wooden trays filled with every imaginable - J r j star-apple- vantages. I think I must tell you about one of our all day ensuring her freedom." excursions. It was a carriage drive to St. John's Two meetings of the W. S. A. of Millard church and Codrington, college. We started at Co., were held, .in Deseret April 16, Mrs. M. seven a. m., as the heat becomes very: oppressive A. Y, Green halgh presiding, Tho first meetafter nine o'clock. ' We found St. John's to be a ing was held at 2 30 in the Itelief Society modern and extremely pretty church in the midst hall, and was well attended. At .5 - pi m. a . church-yardof trees and a quaint quaint l it motion was made that an evening- meetino-- ' stands on a high cliff some seven hundred feet should he held in the .schoolhouse. at 8 r.- m 4 above the sea, and replaces an old church which and tho meeting was adjourned until that v ; was destroyed in the hurricane of 1831. Then we hour. , .. wandered. into the rector's garden, where, we dis- At the . evening meeting tho house wag well covered a strange, new tree bearing great cones, filled. Both meetings were opened with so we ventured to rap at the rectory door and ask prayer. The afternoon nieetiDg Leigh Cropper if we might take away,a. cone; .well, it.resull.ed.ia.-bein- g jtniLihe. evening Theeh oir- invited in and entertained by the Tec tor's rsaDgseveral oLi!blji with true English hospitality. A dnve of mucn spirii. xne presiueut gave uu account lady of her labors sinco the last meeting at Deserer, two miles brought us to the College, which we rv Gait Var nttAnA I.UO T.ll'a vis Miiktsiiil on1 KJl vioib flvy ujiw reached just before the noon chapel service, which auu nC jLjLiku tr lit, trltt convention last October, she spoke at eorne we participated in, and were afterward shown over the institution by some of the yoUng divinity freedom for women, and the advance the students. It is one of the Joveliest spots we've movement wa3 making all over the '' world. seen great.avenues of cabbage palms a lakelet The speakers in the afternoon, besides the on the grounds,tropical plants of all kinds and the president, were Leigh Cropper and Joshua cool buildings,with'great arches open.Bennett, and Mesdames Cropper, .Whickers,-Stoc- ks ing from front to rear showing the blue, blue sea and GLbh3- with its mass of foam on the reefs at the foot "of" In the evening the speakers were the presi- the cliff. The place had for me just the same and J. RrGibb?, Mesdame3 J. "charm as did "the Armenian convent on a little dentj Fanny Scott, and Anna Kinder-- also spoke island, near Venice, where Lord Byn jised to entbusiastieallyn-favorfTqualights-fo- r-delight in spending weeks and weeks in study. women. The two gentlemen speakers ditiered I shall not soon forget it, nor the kind courtesy ith the president, as to woman being las of the students. as man, or as quick of; pereep- strong-minde- d tion, but were in favor of her having the ballot," and equal political rights with. men. I see I must hasten to a close, I do hope you Tjie song 'Lords of C will spend the coming year in Boston; We exrendered by Mrs. Viiate Hawley; the choir pect to get back to Campello about June. 1st, freedom's songs, . and the ;meeting when I shall hope to hear of your plans. We sang one of .&cot-t---xiosed-wim-pr- ay --- -- ' 1 -'-r s .- . - . . bells have been ringing joyous peals ever since five .. " was well attended tho speakers were thepresident, Mr. A. Y. Stephenson, and Mr. Cherrington, Mesdamea M. JJ. Ashley and M. liadger. JUl eTpr,esag4-tnemselvein perfect sympathy with the movement beiDg raade for obtaining the guff. rage for women, and her political righti,. thus ' ' It - ; o'clock. Barbados being'an English possession the blacks as well as whites belong to the church .of England. Good Friday1 was a genuine religious holiday, the streets being even mere quiet than on ordinary Sundays, and no business man being allowed to let a single clerk into his store or office on that day under a penalty of '50. Nine tenths of this densely populated island are blacks, or "niggers", as they are universally called. The women dress generally in white, which not .'. 1 ; kp it irjm is mereiv a. - in a s s o i ra v s -- a n n s n r ff 5 ; n that we wonder how it is kept on; often in. thecountry they wear a garment made of bagging Greenbalgh presiding. wfs?tay i - EXPONENT. WOMAN'S H ject of the association, and read the. constitution, this being the first meeting held in Oak City since the organization of the W. S. A. ia Millard - CoThe-presid- ent addressed meeting at some length, upon the equal rights questb&f and the emancipation of woman from political thraldom. The other speakers were G. Finlayson, and Iir Roper. These gentlemerr said this was the first meeting of the W. S. A. they had' at-tenued, but they - were perfectly. m accord 4ime-wwith the m not far distant, whenr women would; have the ballot; and would have eq ual rights with the , ovementy-and-toped-- the men. a3 " - ; There was some good "singing fey the choir, and a voteof thanks:w rpreddiitJbr-- & ited by prayer offered by Jos. Anderson. ' A meeting of .'the' Millard.-- Co.,,V.tSTiA'. was ".held in Leamingtbn April I7, tr A. Y. Grecnhalgh presiding; the meeting was fairly well attended, all present being enthusiastic, and,, earnest fin advocating equal rights for , women, especially e theiight of su ffrage-Thspeakers were the presidenfrIessr3. Ml-soTalbof, Textonias, and Grundald and Mesdame3 Morison, Textonias, Sofenson 'Hancock and Pay.. Many of the speeches' were : ? n, forcible and well delivered,' showing that' the speakers had studied the subject, and" felt keenly th e inju slice ofeingdepri ryed "of . the "::::"T7f right to thelallot. 