71 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. B. Anthony when it seemed as though she must give up but she did not. Pres. S.M.Kimball referred to the great World's Fair." Oueen Isabella is to have a monument, Susan B. Anthony to have a "bust, at the International Convention. We ought to have a voice - in that Convention, ought to have something .worth saying, and will have if we give it ' proper attention. Mrs. E. S. Richards read a poem by E. H. Woodniansee, "Simple Justice Woman's Right." " on human years she hadadvocated rights. For forty-siwoman's rights;, had traveled muchjfound some x thePfifflaryodationTfary men who want slaves, not wives, not companions, not helpmates. In some men there are broader and more noble feelings. We must educate our young men and bring them up to a higher standard of manhood and womanhood. Mrs. Lucy A. Clarke Pres. W. S. A. of Davis Co., reported that they had but recently organized and 4he movement there was yet in its incipiency. Meeting adjourned till April next 1891, date to be published hereafter. , ; f - . 1 ; ; WOMAN'S RIGHTS. nt 5 as there- is no man in the divine economy without the woman, it ought not to be a very difficult matter to determine what are woman's rights as well as woman's duties. In all that belongs to the welfare of the race, she has both rights and duties. There are bounds to the exercise of reason upon ail quesuons subject to discussion as relates to all principles which can only be compre- hendedbyJthougMttUaDd-philosophic- al investT gation. To reason correctly, the standpoint or premises from which we would deduce ultimate facts must be strictly correct; and the chain of reasoning must be strictly followed li nk by lin; 10 nna ultimate truth. Man's finite powers of reasonaieonly correct when tney harmonize vdth th infinite to w his whole life and being' tend., The fact that the earthly snrTTTkenessof the heavenly the temporal in likeness of the spiritual, is a standard to which, all reasoning must conform to abide the test .of truth ; the key that Un v locksjthe my stery that lies Jjeyond, and makes it simple truth to the understanding of man, ; L It is in view oQh omy as revealed to man, 'that I would consider what are woman's rights. A fter the heavenly order the spiritual and temporal united constituted the soul of man. It was by virtue of that union that there ever was a souLof roan to be saved or lost The two separate had nothing ,0f interest in thH - ' also, ; - Farr . quatifiedTora that involve the national welfare, which is but an aggregation of the individual welfare. "Let woman know what are her rights and be permitted to freely exercise them and she would reform thewortd from thedevotee of every specieT of vice and debauchery whom she would never marry, to the political trickster and judicial pettifogger whom she would banish to oblivion with suffrage and the ballot at her command. If wo man. Jhad her political rights in this free land-sh- e would breathe the breath of life into the nostrils of that once glorious, but now dying form, of republican government, which was once a government of the people, for and by the peonle. hut is now only a political machine, run by politicians xor political purposes, and A thrteningj the con- - immatidn'bf a nation's ruinT - - . , Springville." The question of woman's rights is extensively and seriously before the public and should be candidly and considerately answered. To my mind it is one that should be answered from a than that of mere political conhigher stand-poisiderations involved in that of woman suffrage. " To all of life and to th conditions of life there" is attached a purpose which can only be realized in the future. That purpose must be kept in view - or wenecessarily become lost; are in the" dark as to the rights or wrongs of life. There is a "divinity that shapes our way," and to my mind, woman's rights are all of human lights;ihat xaapossiblyaid4n -- acquiring- divine' rights. :n. All of man's interests are to that end; to live, think and act in view of divine attainments, and . . Mrs. Boyer from Springville, made a speech, referred to Wyoming's having lately entered the Union with woman suffrage. Also to Queen Victoria's successful reign. "That all woman do not wish to vote is nothing against their having the privilege, neither do all men vote. TH suffrage work is doing well in Mrfi. M A. Y. Greenhalgh spoke probation. They must work together and share ports Were read, officers of the Central Board and Stake presented and unanimously sustogether all the consequences of that work whether ' ' '.. . for good or for ill. tained. ; v As there can no soul of man with"Duttheunion Pres. E, L. S.'Udall st-iin a very interestof two, so there was no man without the union of ing manner of her visit,in company with others, to the branches.throughout the stake, expresstwo, and man, was created, "male and female," and only in the union of male and female as one, ing joy in.. her. labors among" the sisters and the goodly condition of the Society. She reis man found to be in the likeness of his Maker A union perfectly in keeping with and in likeness quested secretaries to forward reports by the 20th of Feb. aud Auz. While beincr "dI eased of that union that constitutes the. soul of man. with the reports in general, regretted that Hence it is declared that neither can be in the Lord withoutthe43ther. The union of the two is there was a slackness, with some, in attending meeting, showing the advantages of taking an' a necessity, and only by virtue of that union is the interest in these organizations which all the divine attainable. sisters should be engaged in. Her objections It may well be asked what are the rights of to raffling articles produced in the society were man without the woman, and what rights has timely and good, also her instructions to the man that womanJs not entitled to share, as a sisters refrardinsr slander. part of his being. Through her alone his creative The remainder of the time was occupied by " power is .developed, without which he has no the following speakers. ' his own over legitimate ruling sphere, only pas Coun. Frances Vhite,E. B. Coleman, Pres. sion .sajsddesirSJThe earth today is filled with families and arr, Counselors h. A. Freeman and Wm. nations all under obligations to woman as the Gfibbonsand Pres. David K. Udall who spoke bearer of the souls of men, and there is no inin an impressive manner on union, the terest of any woith; social, religious, or political practical work of the Gospel, training of that she has not sympathy with, and is as dearly children, bearing testimonies to the truth allied to as man. Who shall say that her rights and care of the poor, the sorrowing and downtare not as dear, that her part is not as well per-- . trodden that the blessings of God may follow formed, or that her reward is not as sure as man's us through life. to the sharing glory and honor, eternally with The meeting was a very interesting one, the him in the heavens, if he be worthy. She has speakers being filled with the Holy Spirit and shared with him in the toil and responsibilities of spoke in away that must carry conviction, to human life where she has earned all that heaven me nearers. After singing by the congregation and can bestow, or souls immortal desire. Is not woman as deeply interested in life and benediction by Coun. Wm. Gibbons conference its results as any man?- Is not her power "to disadjourned for six months. cern more keenly developed, and she as suscepti-- . On Sunday evening following the U. S. ble of happiness or misery; and shall she be conference, a meeting for the sisters was held deprived of any position or condition that can m the R. S. Hall where we received much possibly aid in the highest development of that: good instruction and the power of God wa3 happiness and intellectual supremacy that should felt. . wOne of our sisters had the gift of be transmitted to, the generations to come, and be and interpretation and we had a time tongues of reripened for the eternities beyond. joicing together, which made us feel, though Woman's lesson and study is the development of deprived of the society and encouragement of man from childhood to mature age. She learns that our leadinglisters in Utah, that God is able lesson well. - The mother, more than any other, ' and willing to speak through the sisters here r comprehends all that relates to his nature and his inasmuch a3 they prove themselves worthy. wants. Who, then more competent, better Mary E. Sec S. W. brieeeount-oftbe-Reliei- conference whirh John's Sept. 6th 1890. ociety -- Cou nselor MarvJen JemwkaBdardhe spnVrr"t:7r7I" was Pr" sorrythlt our ""t of sickness inZrfynr Sister' Cornelia Mortensen "Pres. of Sanford e rCP0 Sietr of IKward.igSaa good and united feeling pred&mmni ter, were: held regularly; their children the P,an of Salvation. E. Barton ,th,, Jlanassa ward, eave a favorable report of tl. baid the sistemhaLattendfld this h? mids,of were trvini? to An She bore 4 t 1 UI W of-lea- Choir sang, tried to attend as promptly a, possible of the! the Stake and! ftetem Mary "The Gospel sundard high is raised". Prayer by Bro. Silas Smith Jun. Singing "How grelt the wisdom and the love, That filled the courts on h' Sacrament was administered by the ' - lor Jensen presiding, Wr cC,W wa ot ma,v" luc V 01 one ounseloraudanumber al ColQradorSep.-7th,-1890r-Counse- ,Ta Editor Exponent. Thinking a few items from STAKE confereuce of the Relief Society of the stake was held at Manassa, semi-annu- SriS sr. John's stake foxe srOjmia The Richards. RSaEPX)RTa : SAN LUIS ding re- - i, il,R.nc:r:. T.V B.V d:-. truf ot th "Jr""at J Pnl! man e"e '" of the wT"?7 Associatloa of Manassa. he to do weretrj-iDIhe ell c(hlld l heIp ,he child folenheireie m0t.hel8 g their-be- st, them attend the Joo-muehr-w- the fc-tiZr.uUI- ll urk mnortant - th , too .r.6a, haTTui " our t. ine duties: to our . . 