WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 40 this Church wou'd not and could not be the Hue thefe'was" more rejoicing over his return than over the ninety and nine who went not astray." to our Sister Richards spoke of npnnl Xnnnlh1 thf liOVfV m-t he Cities 01 Salt Lake and Ogden and thought we needed great strength and constant prayer to keep their " feet from straying. Pres. Jones made excellent remarks upon woman suffrage, endorsed what had been said and spoke of the Church school that was 'about to he . established In Parowan. -Pres. Morgan Richards bore testimony also, and said he enjoyed hearing the mothers and sisters talk. V Lunt felt thankful for the good W. Sister Ellen teaching, that had been given in this Conference, exhorted all to give heed to the same and to put It into practice in their lives. Exhorted the young to be careful in keeping ihe commandments of God, said the glory of a woman is chaslity,and and urged lite and conduct, was giaa tne sisters irom sail Church of Christ. 1 I am the wife of the late lion. Orson Pratt. 'marrieT tonum ' many years - ago andlWC four living children all born in lawfuhvedlock and before the law of I862 was passed, or so much who would rather harped upon by woman-hatersee woman polluted and kept out of honorable mam'age than answer the end of her creation, by being the wife of, a just, upright,- and virtuou men would rather have good man. Unprincipled ' . A , J f i anai ueiunc,iuu women out ot wedlock, to aeoase they with bigh head and unblushing face, stalk ahroad without a blot of law to tarnish their good "' the-temptatio- ns "s : - - - : but unfortunate, women, are subject to the lords of creation,who make the laws to suit themselves, to serve their1 whims, and caprices"and allow wo- nameor character; law-helple- down-trodde- n, ss -- to-obe- UNJUST DECISION. y ful instructor, their guide The .parents believe that God sanctions their union; they kneel at rights of children born in Polygamy to any in the family "altaf H heritance in the father's estate was to say the rest upon their household ;they pray tliat all their least very surprising. "Polygamous children can- " .s.xx&.A ud ,, lld&nn :iA TmW acts may be in righteousness in ' ajl things: ,they nher il hnt . tt- . J ' -, r "and 'true The decision recently rendered in regard to the -- . Because you are such a justintmogomrstand so? Have you or has any one a right to make laws to .reach back half a century, and power to make a law where there was none td bear on all ; 1 iidvc uecu vbjvs uwi uuuvi decision a rendered reading by this high tribunal on the same case. ' "That the law of 1862 debarred all children, born after this law was passed, Jrom-- inheriting their father's estate. "How about the children born before there was any law made against their inher juui-juitsuttu- uir: T- - itlngf.xef6reaherewa8.-any.law- - -rr - against polyg- amy. The decision of this Judge is wonderful indeed, to extend away back to the time when there was no lawjat aiiqpQnahe:subjrf. Children born out of wedlock not in,has not the least shadow of Jearjng on those who are born in the-ord- eFf 'plurahmarriageXpluralityrwTveT was permitted by the government to continue, many years, and you say there was a law that such children should inherit their father's estate; t s nou id be not v& withstanding the decision of these Judges. The ather should support his own offspring and not leave it to the mother. Eut these Judges like - - men 01 want to throw all the blame and. thet rouble - tillr ft ft rtr m UU1CU auu cnnaren ana let the men go free. Before God men in the world, who. commit unrighteocs acts will be punished and have to bear the shame. Man was created to be woman's protector and not her betrayer and destroyer. The Church of Jesus' Chns of Latter-daSaints does not countenance rte s ate of tbingsthat existsohe, worloVbut: - have the still small voice knowledge whispers they are right. - Congress anff th e Hwma back to the ancients judges if they set up these standards, for away m the ages of the past these marriages were countenanced, and God approved them and the children received of the father's inheritance. - Mary Ann Salt Lake City ,Aug. 6, 1 890. , . Pratt. "" MV " " - r,.A. Minutes of Primary Conference held, at Parowan Aug. 9, 1 890.; Hinging from Primary David Mathewson, .singing 4,I think when I read that sweet story of old," minutes of last coherence read and accepted, followed by a lengthy programme from the children, consisting of songs, dialogue?; readings, essays and recitations, many of the parts deserving nf. a .peat pre-- - r Sister Ellen Lunt told the people assembled she was, pleased to meet them, she: had been detained therefore did not hear all the .parts rpndered, enjoyed ' the little she had .heard prftye484Vi?lesinLur)on-a1t Sister Holyoak was gratified to have the vismng asters, Mrs. E. B Wells and MnTj: bKichards, with us, asked the parents to their boys to come to the meetings, as seemed to be more backward than the thg . d -- en-coura- y -- disfdlopsaaHerydifrr E. A. Crane Watson, Stake Sec P. A. Sister Morris,Pre3. P. A. Parowan Stake marked wo had a lengthy meeting, hoped had been done would be beneficialfcould eree!vtm-jmprov- em ma lai) stake. Editor Woman's Exponent; UI - C J. tiy 'J Relief Society of.the Malad Stake of Zion met -r &J V . Lucinda Hoskins presiding. On the stand of the Stuke Oficers were Pres. Oliver C. Hoskius and Coun. Win. H. Gibbs, Patriarch John D. Gibbs, Bishop E. Harris and several leading brethren of the Stake. After the usual exercises the inmates of the last Conference were Tead and approved. Stake Report read and "and accepted, aftar J or which rre-l- j. noskius-caiiea- reports ironr itTereii ch bran The tr e?. Portage" was jhrrd ported by Pres Jane A Harris; Muddy Creek Pres. Rosanah Howell: Cherrv Creek. Praj. j Eliza H. Chi vers; Washakie, Prej. Elizabeth J. Zundel; Malad City, Secretary Elizabeth Jenkins; Saraaria.Pre's. Mary D. Davi?; each showing that the Societv under her care was in a prosperous condition. Coun. Elizibeth Zundel spoke in an interest- 1UOUUV.U & UlftUUEt WUltlUlU vm Coun.-Mary followed she was every day duties; by Stewart who spoke on the subjects of obed ience --and pray err- aa" anthem. Conference adjourned" till 2 p. m. Afternoon Session; Meeting opened by singing and prayer, the sacrament - was administered by High Counselors, Wm. Sinclair Sen., and Miles Hall. The roll was then called showing a fair attendance of onieers.. . ! J- T .1 TT. 'l u.osKin3 was; tnen sustained ai PresrbF the Relief Society of the Malad JStake - P TJ r '.1 C 01 ion, wun oister iuzaoetn J. zundel hrst . re-th- ey w w 1be-C!ibira- 'bg7 . - u-acmu- ." a . T- - I -- I rm anu ,sterairy.iewan A. Hall Sec. Pre3. Lucinda Hoskins snoke of tne necessity of the sisters storing grain, and looking after the poor and the sick and all those that need a kind word to always be on hand to give it, and improve every opportunity of doing good; said we should always J set a good example . and the Golden rule practice gave good advice and Instructionon several different subjects." Pres; 0. C. Hoskins said that the sisters had been blessed with the spirit of the Lord during the Conference. -- Spoke of the great work- - the Relief Society was performing wherever they R. S. AND P. A. REPORTS. PAROWAN- -- uie-worl- son. . -- earted-Mormo- '!. . t." . laws. The women men noA'oice in making-th- e of this Territojryj n raen wasgrven -- th em by large h are the woman's friend and place her on an equality with themselves, and she has a right to vote on all Church questions. But monogomisls ' took the. hallot from women. Such a state of things will exist as long as rrien and theirjrjan made laws oppose honorable plural marriages. There is an inherent principle in man to increase his species, in other vords. that firsUcommandment to multiply and re plenish the earth; woman to be his' helpmeet and glory in lawful wedlock to increase his dominions in the upward road to plogressToru Fewe1nare worthy though of these great blessings. The patriarchal man has broad views, his love for womankind expands, he accepts m arriage upon a l broader platform, the wife is to be his equal, he grants her every right that he enjoys, she is the parent of his children, their mother, their youth- vety much, loved the sisters and the brethren, said this is the 42d quarterly conference of the Relief Society and believed it was the best, the last is always the best. We want to be on our guard all the time and prepare for whatever may come. Heber C. Kimball used to say death was ihft kitrhen to the narh'.r nnd like therefore we must needs make preparation, may the Lord help us all, and bless us that we may :. prove faithful. Choir sang the anthem "Nearer home." Benediction by President Jones. To be continued. , Zane concurs. Now we ask why ? for'ar-prophe- s , 1 thanked each ono wlu had assisted in making ur the programme of exercises. Closed by singing "We thank ihee O Uod Itencdiction by Pearl Wat re- ul. had been organized in nil if mor, h.AnA branchesexhorted us to pat away vanity-au- d pride and live pure and humble before the the Lord and wa wnnld rnnt imo f v.a w ttersiinglui - Church. : : Benediction hy Wm. Sinclair Sen; Eliza A. Hall, Sec. : WYOMING'S DAY. ---- Judge Melville CTBrown made an eloquent address in presenting the constitution of Wyoming to Mrs. Post, the president of the Aman Suffrage - Association.- - His closing remarks were as follows: v TkratiirAmerican desert, and the Great beneath the shades of the grand-olRockies, there springs into existence a new state, and the watchwords of iU people are, -- Justice, : Equality" to this new state. -- Under the guidance of the Great J ehoyah U is permitted to achieve the highest d icecejgoverente HerenrnoTertyelnlhn war or of the appeals of :n.i movetraione bytheTiprHt of divine justice, it was ordained by the people of Wyoming non-reside- nt -- 