tV 129 OMAN'S MrWilliam Ladies: Our cause is so just, that conquer we mu&t. Let thi3 be our motto, in God is our trust. Mrs. Laura Cutler was heartily in. favor of woman suffrage.:- - As. woman, was. in the- be t to rrlan,it was ginning created as a only reasonable to suppose that sne was en dowed with equal intelligence that she might be an able assistant. It has been said by. some misanthropist, ."a woman wa3 always at -- help-mee- EXPONENT 0ut the comforting influence of the Gospel can resign her was in..; sympathy, Soutlivvic " with, this movement and endorsed the sentiments that had been uttered. Spoke upon the condition of politics in the United States. Through, the industry of i h e ia d ies t h f y; could accomplish anything. Believed the day was not far distant when the ladies would have the franchise. The meeti adjourned for one month.' - No of members enrolled 137. Sahah T. Evans, Sec. pro. tern. ..r..-,- .. the bottom otnll trouble.' She 13 mosi certainly at the head of that which i3 honorable; Without her whence would have come the nil- -- The Ex-Epre.- of Bra zilii ei . s u d d ei y q f the "griDTfatLers, the patriots of the revolution, heart disease at Oporto, on December 28., and fraraera of our L'lorious constitution; Through it is said that all Europe is in mourning for when our; Independence all those trying times this geatle spirit, whose only sin was the was in its infancy, who went hand in hand crown she Worer Her heart wa? broken when with those patriots as they, fought for their she was driven from Brazil, and change of air : rights? Who comforted and sustained them and scene could not. save her, she had been and graved while they fought? Who endured and had spent her years, Empress forty-seve-1'n n ' " . " l l side times those' the .hardships of by Jong marriedi me in perilous m ner nuscanu assisting tracKacross men side with the the nfriUt;n fo tne charities of her adonted traveling less plains anl bravely bearing their share of over the education of C0Qntrv, the burden." The women all. honorto them herdaughters and their children. She always Since the first woman's convention which was held aloof Jroin the anairs oi the htate; was held at Senecca Falls N. Y. in June 1848 a greatly loved by her people, for her charities Jew have been struggling for the right of and In every good works were innumerable. suffrage until now the movement is general. Prin- and woman was she ah exemplary way l It is said, a woman will always have her way. cessc newsot ner ueatn came as a great If this is the case, when the women of a nation shock tolhethe people in Brazil. Monarchists are united they stand a good chance of getting and Republicans alike mourn deeply over her what they ask for. We want the right to say death, lhe regret is very general as who shall hold office and make the laws we . untimely she was so greatly lovtd. are governed by. As we in Utah have held - the franchise, -- we feel most keenly-o- the subIN MEMORIAM. ject. If we expect to rrar sons who will be able to uphold and sustain our great and We are called upon to chronicle the death of a beloved its in constitution we all must sistej and friend. Martha Ashby wife of VV. H Ashhy glorious purity and daughter of Albert and Lettie Stevens. . prepare ourselves so to do. She was bom April 12th 1x867,13.1. Ilolden.. Utah, 'and Hon. Geo. Webb said "It-i- s evident we passed peacefully away Nov. 7, 1889. She leaves a daughter must concede the point that in intelligence, six weeks old and many relatives and friends toi mourn women are the equal of men, as we have seen . her absence. by those who prtpeeded me." II the ladies of We feel to say to those who mourn: -- the nation are united in thi3 movement and 5 each converts her husband the victory is won. Weep not for comes soon the dawning' Of that bright' and happy day, That women will have their way" is lully rec' When we may receive the bodies ognized in the lobbys of Congress. - Women That have long been laid away succeeding where men fail. If motners wish : 7 Emily McKee. their sons to become politicians,-theshould be able to teach them. A mother's influence OBITUARIES. over her child is boundless. Many of our prominent men "and eminent politicians acDied at Losee, Garfield Co, Utah Sunday Dec 1st 1889, knowledge that Jhtir success is due to the inof cancer in the breast,-Eliz- a Jane Losee Cox, aged 47 fluence of mother or wife. months and 21 days. Deceased was the daughter 3 Franchise is conferred by law and can be years of Isaac and Sarah Losee, and the widow of the late Or- withdrawn by law. Congress holding that ville Cox. Was a true Latter-daSaint, and Hnart, A .power oyer. us aa a. territory. - If Utah were a this Ute in full laith of a glorious resurrection. state (with the leading "men we have " . Respectfully the ladies of Utah would enjoy the franchise. John M. Dunning. Mrs. Josephine Brown considered the subAt ject of Woman Suffrage a very important one. of Morgan ofCity Morgan County, Utah, Jan. 8th, 1805, the heartEjizaXissette Ursenbach Comp-to- n, neuralgia We should understand our .positions and be beloved wife of George Compton. Deceased was the united on this movement. Let our motto be - . 1 . . i . .. .. . TTiU.wc.mcet her. 'over. Iberc.'"-- 1 - m friends to their great loss. Bless and comfort, O, our Father - Those who are so sorely tried For so many hearts are aching Since our own, dear Sylvia died. - Bless and comfort, Thou, her husband And her little boys so fair;. May they each prove true and faithful , Till they meet her, "over there." Bless, hou, all the stricken loved ones Of dear Sylvia pure and fair Guide us all O Hctvenly Father A. E. L. 1 ng and-watchi- rry- - m 1 -.- AT.T. TV- SilUjjJj PRINCIPAL POINTS J . -- EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH n AT- - UNIDN " TICKET . C. E. OFFICE, Main Street, Salt Lake City. INGALLS, J. V. PARKER, City Pass. Agt. Div. Pass. Agt. -- ; - - -- y EMPORIUM 'A&LE SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail v to-da- "United we y) daughter of William and Pbebe Durrant and was born July 6th, 1844, at Deanshanger Northamptonshire England. immigrated to Utah m i 896,. She lived the life of a Latter-da- y Saint and peacefullv standdivided we falP Mr, John Woodhouse spoke upon the condition of women in past ages and- - of their present advancement, until now we find them equal with men in ahnosLalLthe-walksf4ife.- -It is claimed that women would have a purifying effect on politics, but he considered American 'politics so rotten theywejrepast - , ' r-- r; ' - P. D. - Millenial Star please copy. WiU be found ;es,ruches, embroderies, rAIio, liJLiUVEo, TSAtT DEATH. ; PARASOLS; Died in Salt Lake City, November i7th 1889 Sylvia beloved wife of Walter C. Lyman, and daughter of John and Ane Lovell, born at Deseret, Millard Co. Jan oth leaves with fierslrlckenlhutwo bri-- ht Uttle boys and in the same grave with her sleep two sweet '' little babes. ... ; jv.J&?QU zShe '' Creek. W!! 6Wn Co. dearl:f,vedat She was an h enertl, :tlBj(2B 112 114, 116, 118 Zion i. hei- - L. M. I, a. for some sweet voice was hearH ' ? S. East Temple .Street home in Oak ,nH ID-Vli- to the choir o-- Special department for Tarl rant's Shoes. , . , TEES And an elegant assortnieuf p' 2c X-2v4IE3 W , . U iu .u ujc wara singing the songs of She is mised more in the home circle wh ere ber find TINNERS CAS, WATER &. CO. STEAM FITTERS .PUMPtv-Puni- ps Repaired om?boTtTJOttce."Ordcr8Trnm the corntry promptly responded to. arAiSrtx S17I2 .r tl latest styles and ptoductlons .' in T - " rights. Bishop T. R. Cutler was proud of this or-- ganization.' In all departmehts oflneblFfceF lieved women were aa reliable a3 men. They had proven themselves capable in various positions. Had heard of female cashiers in banks bu t not yet of a female defau Iter. It was the duty of the ladies to maintain their rights. 'Had never heard an intelligent reason advanced why women should not vote. If the women heldthe ' franchise anyevilathat now exist in our midst would be abolished. - Special to the Ladies. fell asleep in full hope of a glorious resurrect inn rredemptioi affairs must soon prevail and when that time came woinen woulil undpubtedlyobtain their - LB.S 31U13. Box 3C-3- . SILT LAI 2 CIII. . . 