EX PON EN T W OMAN'S 191 OBSTETRICS AND NURSING. Mi3 Susan B. Anthony and Mrs. Mary MISCELLANEOUS. Howell are addressing a. series. of country conventions in boulh Dakota in the 'intern t uPMnan suffrage rthTelidmenJ Seymour Duties' are ours, events are God's. Cecil. They never fall who die in cause.- - agreat ' Ihjmn. . " : Rogers, of Dubuque, Iowa, Miss May Mrs. Isabella M. Lunn of Mill Creek, Salt Lake Co., a student from Dr. Maggie C. ShippY Obstet rical. Class, passed a very satisfactory and rigid examination and has also been set apart by some of the Apostles to go forth and labor and assist her own sex in,their noble mission, in the line marked out by her course of study.. is the author of a "Wavcrly Dictionary, in which the 1,300 or . more characters in Sir Walter Scott's novels are all described, with illustrative extracts from the text. The book Try to frequent the company of your betters is said to be a complete keytp- - ScottV works. ia Iwoks aud life. " That is the mcst3vh6leorno Eociety. f;;::;;Lv:2p Miss' Braddon" less: as Mrs. " It is always good to know, if only in pass- Maxwell, is described c't fair of skin, sandy' of hair, and stout of figure. She works hard ing, a charming human being; it refreshes four days of the week, aijd plays three days. one like flowers and woods and clear brooks. Among her recreations are horseback-riding- , George Eliot. , and entertaining her friend She from and i3 the a collector of a lover of Dickens, luck, Hope nothing probability is that you will bo so prepared, forewarned, a genial hostess, and an accomplished ook. and forearmedj. Jhat . all. &halhnv. observers - She has published more than fifty novels, is will call you lucky. Buhctr Ljtlon. aurV jUJUiricdtoJier pu hi i sher, the "copy" she has produced she 'still, Great ta!ent3 for conversation should be after all writes a legible hand. attended with politeness. He who eclipses others owes them great civilities; and whatever a inistaken vanity may tell us, it is better In the Massacdusetta Legislature the bill to please in conversation: than to shine in it reported by the committee on taxation, imposlegacies and successions, I have...drunk deeply of the draught of ing dutiesfromupon its provisions legacies to a exempts science; I have loved it with a passionate love, and now I am becoming an old man; aud I can father, mother, brother, sister, child (whether by blood or adoption,) grandfather, grands aX tbt je vc ry cl i co ve ry 0 f s ci e n co h as brought me more nearly face to face with the love of mother, grandchild, or daughter-in-lalaw of the deeedent;" but it does not exempt 7 God. Charles "Kin gsley . ' legacies to- - a wife - or to a husband. The When joy's day 13 over faith shjjrcs, through the arctic skies like a midnight sun. - :. 'llU : : : well-know- n - " - the. , ) 1 ; play-going- bric-a-bra- a 1 . i 1 .1 t A h PI 1 tmIII ! V I 1 c, ON SALE -- who-is-ric- h,- TO ; PRINCIPAL POINTS " . Boston-Transcr- ipt EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH son-in- -' w ' UNION WHERE WAS TIER MOTHER?- "Considering that in very many cases the - accumulation-of-proerty-by-rthe-busband-- has told how he lately took gushiug young girl in Chicago, a stranger to Mr. Riddle, kept writing to him, begging an interview; Mr. Riddle paid' no attention, to her notes, till finally she called on him and that he "'would at least give her his autograph, a fa vo r i te :en mm t M r. R i t H- e- th e re- upon gave her this.from "Romeo and Juliet:'' -- ia Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt. in a large measu re, if not en tirely, due. to the assistance of the wife, it looks a little like injustice to compel the latter to pay a five per cent, tax upon money which though it passes to her through he form of a will, is" in fact as much hers as it was her husband's, if not more so. .........The bill met with opposition because of the radical change it proposes in. our law and custom, and because,, as the occasion to reprove some liny youDg women who were seeking his acquaintance, and now George Riddle has a similar story to tell. A -w i t h TICKET IOFFIQE, Main Street, Salt Lake City. 77 1 J. V. PARKER, saysr ! h JHiXj - ' Edwin-Boot- -- be trilling and, -- SALT LAKE CITyr the additional - labor devolving upon probate officers and others. If the bill receives proper Your loye says, like an honest gentleman, Whcre-- s your mother? discussionTif laT believed that sufficient opposition will develop : to defeat it3 passage even in . Boston Herald. the House." Retail The-Leadin- g Gash. Hoiise Woman's Journal. NOTES AND 'NE WS. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Eleven women are on the school board in six cities in Norway. Mrs. A. Ti. Webster edits a woman's colum in the Oberlin (0.) Exponent Mrs. Logan-i- 3 an accomplished carpenter, and fills- her house with skilful conveniences of her own contriving, - Miss M. has opened a public Is m ew Orleans, La. Silk worms cocoonery in ill stages are on exhibition. 1 " Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Mary Cole, who died at Provo March i5th, 1800, after a serious illness of three months. She was the wife of Benjamen Cole, and was born May 29th 1830. Emigrated to Utah pi 1851,' she lived in Goshen a number of years, moved to Provo in the Spring of i883. . - ; -- A-Fab- .rT-T7- 7: well ' . Mm.". GrdrJCHeIalrid-- B as of the Wells teii College - Alumnie-Associatio- - : The Princess of Wales is said to be in a serious condition of health. Her increasing deafness haa-i- resulted in fi (a 0 f ex t reme melancholy. 'She is now at Sandringham. Misa Susan B. Anthony is in South Dakota in the interest of the woman suffrage amendmentHer address is care of Mrs. Emma S. De Voe, Huron, So. Dak. - Dr. Belle Smith, who is said to be only years old, has been appointed resident physician of the Woman's Prison at 7 Sherborn, Mass. .' twenty-thre- e ; " n. WhereasSisteE Cole was one of the first members of the Goshen Relief Society and labored f.uthfully as a teacher for many years, was also a teacher in the Sunday School and performed these duties faithfully as far her health would permit; she passed through much sickness and many Temple oTthe Lord and receive the blessings therein for herself and also for the dead hut was prevented from this great blessing by circumstances she could not overcome, Rezolved, that Ire the members of the Goshen Relief Soc'ety do appreciate the labors and faithful performance ' of duty of our departed Sister, Hesolved, that inasmuch as our heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved sister we sympathize Iwith the husband nd family in their bereaVement7: r" Be it further resolved, that we present a copy a of these resolutions to the bereaved family, and preserve a copy on the pages of our record, and that a copy be sent to the Ex-ponent for publication. ' ; "ry AT - Will be found tfco latest stylo3 and pioductions v Kmma - L.- Jenicis, ; : Saraji Roberts, , Commitlee. V . : LAGESr-RUGHESr-EMBRODE- r " in' - ;v RIES COLLARS7TIEB --RIB- BONS,- And aa elegant assortment o. DBT GOODS: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and fant's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, US TINNERS CAS.VATEFI Mary Dodds, ' :'v Special to the Ladies. T Agent In- East Temple Sir A" STEAM FITTERS for'RUMSE Y'S Celebrated LIFT and FO RCB PUil PS; Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders ircm -- 4he ccntrymptl3rreFrii3M3o 4- - ' . 7 TZ 