WOMAN'S EXPONENT1 72 tion; go that when the end shall have been reached, she will leave these walls the symmetrically developed woman of which we spoke in the beginning. One not only fitted for the parlor, the drawing room, and the public assembly, but for the kUchen, the dining room, the sewing room and the nursery. . To he continued." ! Whereas in the providence of God 'she has been tailed from this stage of existence to a higher sphere we bow in reverence to the wiil of Him who doeth all things well; she died in full faith of the Gospel and was a useful member of the Relief Society. Resolved, that these resolutions be entered in the Relief Society Record, and a copy be presented to the bereaved family pnd printed in the Woman's Exponent. -- A complete set of woman suffrage tracts (forty two different kinds) sent post paid for ten cents. Address C. Wilde. Woman's Journal Office, Boston Mass. Mary Elizabeth Cooley, wife of Judge T. M. Commerce Commis-eion,diedCooley, of the Inter-Stat- e Ann Arbor recently. Mrs. Cooley was sixty years of age, and had lived in Ann Arbor for more than thirty years. She was a noted philanthropist, and was president of the . iu School for girls, at Adrian, Mich., which pos tion she was appointed to by Jerome, and has held since. ex-uo- v. The irieuds of the late Julia Thomas have expressed the desire for her writings so frequently that steps have been taken to issue them in a convenient and reliable style.- Her articles entitled: "Needs of the Girl' Am i My Brother's Keeper?" "Elocution," "Mormon Letters" and others, have been issued in pamphlet form at twenty five cents each, the six bound in cloth, gilt, $1.00, to be obtained by addressing the publishers direct, John W. Lovell Company, or Miss Anne Thomas, 32 . West Twenty-sixtstreet. Semi-- Weekly Herald e Sarah 26,28,3030(132 East lslSoutliSt, for one vear and a chance in the PREMIUM It is aLfeadythc Biggest, DISTRIBUTION. Brightest and Best of Utah papers, as the sworn circulation of 10,700 copies per week fully at tests, and new improvements will be added to it in the near future. THE PRIZES will he headed bv a magnificent Upright Everett ' Piano, valued at $500 cash, to be seen at the pian ) warerooms of the F. E. Warren Mercantile Co.. 10 E. Second South. Salt Lake. Thev will alsn inr.lnda Purses of Gold Coin ranfnnp fmm One Hundred Dollars down to Five Dollars, Valuable Horned Stock, Sewing Machines, Imnlftments. Fruit and Shade Trfips. Steel Engravings, Pictures, Gold and Silver Watches. Trunks. Dishes. Town Lots. Toilet Set. Oil Pnintinrs. and over One Thousand Beautiful and Useful Books of History, Poetry and Standard Fiction. Agri-pnltnr- al Salt Lake. THE HERALD CO., SALT LAKE CITY. Head tchat some of the Lucky Ones in lastt 7 year's JHtrtbutionFtttve ffd say: Fairview, Sanpete' Co., Utah, August 80, 1890. The Herald Co.. Salt Late City, Utah. This Is to certify that I received One Hundred Dollars cash as a premium from the Herald Company. Accept my sincere thanks for the same. Yours, with kindest regards, Mary V. Pkitchktt. The Leading Retail Cash Hoij.se Sprlngville,. August 29, 1890. Lake Cjty.lTecelved the premium (a 810 easy rocker) all right, and was Emma Daley. satisfied. Yours respectfully, ,To the Herald, CompanydSalt .ICTHOMAi Miss Lydia Emmet, a sister of Mrs, Arthur Sherwood, formerly Miss Roeina Emmet, has shown much talent in stained-glas- s work. She has just finished a memorial window for the late Dr. Mercer, for many years rector of Trimty Cburch, Newark N. J., which is to that church. The design is very simple a large cross against a somewhat lurid sky, with the rays of the hidden sun darting from behind .mdiid7iTradiatinncros3r the idea being to represent allegorically the mystery and hope of the resurrection. The coloring is exceedingly soft and harmonious, and the management of the glass shows remarkable skill. Miss Emmetjsstill a yo girlf and this" worlls one of much protaise. Special to the Ladies n WmrLaloundtFTlatast styles and pioductions ' in " ' LACES, - RUCHES, EMBRODERIES ' GLOVES, PARASOLS RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And-an- . DBT elefraat ftssortmetiif o? "." :- r. - a-OOD- S. Special department for Ladies- Misses' and hhoes. ... 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple fr Died at Payson, Utah CapYa! 6th i8o7o7onump well-agElizahetk Po 6& years ami 6 mouths. Sister Jion, Powell was born in Souih Wales, and was baptized by Elder Jas.W. lUhh into the Church in 1850, and emU grated to Utah in the first company of handcarts in 1856. She leaves 5 daughters and 3 sous, 54 grand children and ; " ': 5 ireat grand children. -- 7 '"; to Sister Powell adopted by the Ward. ' "'.. -- . . . , (!4'f) onsaLe. PRINCIPAL POINTS 's - . 4 TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH UNION Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORci PUMP. Pumpa Repaired on short notice. Orders iru - isejcocjiLry promptly res peridedto;Ailrwi. U7I3 UKS3. Ea 333. EALILiXt r fl - In-rant- OBITUARIES SwrTl fit n f mm( - AT TEA SB EL'S . - Y Subscribe through any local or traveling agent, or send rnbney by P. O. order, postal note, bank check or draft, or postage stamps, at our risk Address -- esofjespect SEMI-WEEKL- Premium Receipts now Ready. E.E.THOMA; Among the other recent academical triumphs of English women must be included that of Miss Ann Frances Piercy, of the London School of medicine for women. At the intermediate examination in medicine in the -Uuiversity of London she gained 'Triplefirst-cla- ss honors, taking first place, with exhibition and a gold medal in materia medica, and second place with a gold medal in anatomy. Miss Piercyalso excelled in physiology, histology and was bracketed, equal with two male candidates, for the first : class. " Will be Given Away in the usual manner early in 1891. All you have to do is to pay $3.00, which HERALD will secure you the A. Forbush, A. Smart, Committee. Mary h PRIZES! .VALUED AT $5,000, 1,500 Mary Anderson, Sarah Buxton, - -- Reece. Hannah Wkide, A Died at Union Salt Lake Co. U. T., Sister Kerstie Per- son Swenson, on Aug. 31, 1890, of inflammation of the bowels. Born May, 31, 1830, at Malmo, Ske-inCounty Sweden, emigrated to Utah in j88i. She leaves a kind husband and two devoted children to mourn her loss and a host of friends; all that kind hands and loving hearts could do was done. She was an active teacher and a faithful member of the Relief Society of this ward. A very large audience assembled at her funeral and many of the speakers were those who had shared the hospitality of her home in Sweden. Whereas it leing the will of our Heavenly Father to cal' onr beloved sister home we feel that our loss is her gaini and be it Resolved.that we the officers and members of this Society condole with the bereaved husband and childreriand may we emulate her many noble traits of character. And be1 'it Resolved that we have a copy of these minutes, on our record book, also present them , to the bereaved husband and children and also to the Woman's Exponent Swedish Herald and Dikuben please copy. - flistritoiioi OF THE Committee. Mrs. Julia K. Olmatead, of Aberdeen, S. D. won a 100" prie offered by the Chicago Tribune for the closest guess at Chicago's population. FOURTH ANNUAL Premium Fanny Sargent, AND NEWS. NOTES Sarah ... CITT. TICKET OFFICE, Main Street, ' :T" 77 Salt Lake City. J. V.: PARKER,, Asst. GenU Pass. AgU 