WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18 -- Locked in the secret clumbcr.of her lart, dis-agreab- Whatever else might come to bring relief, The next few days after Mrs. II. was install- ed in the home of Miss B. as companion, were e weather was unvery tad and sober ones,-ththat pleasant and Hepsie was so it seriously affected her health, and Miss B. It was urcw nervous and almost-irritabl-just Christmas time too.but there were no signs of festivities in Nauvoo. No gay shop windows, not even on Main street, everything seemed to low-spirite- d V three30casiqns sympathy for her forlorn condition, except to give her food and shelter. It was just as well however; for to the young wife, no one perhaps could have said exactly the right thing-- ; and she seemed to desire most of all, to be 'left . to herself. 'How can you grieve yourself to death for a man who has treated you so-- cruelly? such a helpless creature as you are too, taking you away from every one you loved and cared for, I should hate him. Why its all I can" do to endure being alone as lam", and for that matter I came of my own accord and had nobody to leave that I cared a cent for, so I've nothing to go back to." "But" said Hepsie, "you came for your religion did'nt you, and you can't give that up whatever trials ,you may have. I know you are lonely and I'm sorry you'ro disappointed in mo, I am not companionable, and perhaps I never shall be again, but I mean " to get well and then I expect to teach, and earn my own iving. - "You'll not teach here in Nauvoo, there's no of 'future prospect proFperity here, the people . "of that letter remained locked in her own heart, and were never revealed to friend or foe, back after the space of jet looking many Tears and recalling the sweet and tender words expressed therein,and rememfiering that sweet Summer-tim- e among the New En gland hilte when all things wore the couleur de rose, n "Mrs. H. you are very confiding nivrlik. standing your having been left so utterly de-mmK you would be euibit :iicu--x-:tioar- ft YY . 1 "IT- home once more. t 1 - Harold's father would come for her with an easy conveyance, and she should be waited upon until she was fully recovered; "if she had not been so obstinate about leaving Nauvoo," Mrs. Harvey's message said repeating her very words, "Harold would not have gone away, baby would have been living, and much sorrow averted." This mesfeaee stung Hepsie to the very centre of her soul, but with her accustomed outward serenity she answered the brother and sister who had brought her the "word, (they were prdfessed Latter-daSaints "I cannot leave Nauvoo:on ever, if tharpoiirrramHsti Harold comes he will find if I am liv"" ing "But" adde(T:the stranger "the Saints will certainly tse driven from here into the western wilds, you are not equal to such hardships." "If this people go from Nauvoo I shall go to, my nome hereaf ter shall be with the Saints, it 13 useless to ask me to go backward, I cany me-her- e at-alK"- . . . . wounded-woraanVhea- . , h, .ir.j me since He sent you to me on when I was night, about to be . j Vi but Hepsie kept airvaparkorirving faith, that enabled her to hold on to the truths of which she had become so thoroughly ' convinced since coming to Nauvoo, even though there had been many stumbling blocks in her pathway, yet her faith never wavered. from the East of Just before the news came TV It a anaminer ' nusDana s coming, ene ijucy xieynoia received a verbal message from the Harveys' Harold's father, mother and brother to come to them at Laharpe, they fully believed if Bhe would, Harold .could be induced" to return r--1 , mat areaaiul leit eoutterJy alone." Chmtmasandjhft ,Vuv Ye; (aiucsnd went rs m cf she marveled that she had not given up all for him and the promises he held out to her of not." fidelity and devotion; it was the spiritual na- "And- you would give up your husband iure mai conquered and kept her from yieldand all, his family are well off, you would ing to Harold's entreaties to come to him in never have to lift your finger, Mrs. Harvey the sunny Southern Islands. say3 JO" i.aye decidedJiterary-tEste,-the- re s later another t letter came, and would be every A opportunity for you as a writer finally the third and. last, for to make yourself known better herQjn Illinois word or message of any kind did Harold make than in New England where there are an mnnr. nown toncranypersonal knowledge of him ryou understand." 7; ecu ui iiis alter me. knew these were Mrs. Harvey's own Hepsie The words he had written met with no rebut they made no impression words, upon her. sponse from her lips or hand, though we may 1 am t0 t0 the Harvey's who I1 jeQ not know what impression they me to urge you to come, that madewhat you reecho they ioCT hidden down to fuse ransjermg deep their accept proposals." rt; in her but she lived to the "Say Harvey's, I will not leave and impenetrable through all-c- old Nauvoo seemingly, though I should die of: starvation in but as the Spring days grew warm and .the street." bright r ame bSCk t0 her 'pale HP3 &u "And nothing more," said the stranger. cheeks my love to Harold's brother, Oney "Only A final separation from Harold was inevita-ble, Andre." he was not comipg back, and she had such an innate conviction of the divine mission of Smith the There h no fit search after truth which does Prophet, and the Jcjeph through ot the ewlattiD GospS: which begins live the truth : is known. if. BushnelL ; and the cbosea people of God; though 35 The should henceforth be left longer I liye the more certain I am dependent her upon that the own exertions. great difierence between the great invincible"deler--mmatio- n .anmfiantis-nerg- y , A; Jettex. ftomXucy Reynolds-itatinl- lh an honest purpose once fixed, and ,he w:s about to start VNauvoo then victory. GWA . . -- tivcly don t appreciate such devotion." "My trust aud faith is in my religion, not in man. Henceforth my lile and labor shall be given to the cause I have embraced." 1 "You cannot do anything at your poor thin face and colorless hands, totally unfit an I unprepared for work of any Eort.' Fatherpp'ecu s1 few-day- be cast?" " fan Kof if iro a rWif - But MiidJJyou wilkmrwith-th- e Saintr go or stay with them, wherever their lot may Trnw-avo- woo -- ; am not dkeourar.l " ws-xtsele- sure of tliat, why Joseph was making every calculation on going into the wilderness before heiwasM that he even crossed over the river in - the night to go, and .Emma and some of his friends induced him to come back again ! " . "No, I did not know;it, never had an idea of thepeople leaving here, tliis i3 the gathering piace, ana me 1 empie is to be finished and dedicated, that must be done," said Hepsie. "Nauvoo is full of apostates, and many are somewhat disaffectod, who have not declared themselves op?n enemies, afire is smoldering just about ready to burst, the crisis may come at any timeand I'm not at all certain that the xempie win do completed." "I She longed intensely fon her mother, full of faith and energy, , thinking no sacrifice too great to make for her religion. During the winter she had gone but a few times only to meetings and lectures in the Masonic Hall it , d frc. ..?LOo.iLiiowLafr--ni3rHcave- na r," . wear a sombre and desolate appearance. Hepsie's grief was 6omethingjew. and friend, she could not strange to her comprehend how she could cry day and night too, and reproached her rather severely on two . le, sus-nioin- e. new-foun- Sep-.tembe- as she called Miss B-- , speak to except-auntie- , and she was full of bitter replhlngs, that were as unpleasant as the weather was cold and and there was nothing to call cither of them outside.: Such intense loneliness, and, KpnaiA wutincr. lnn(rinr and Dravincr fot a let ' ter from Harold or from home, yet dreading to receive one lest it should conhrra her Ria Vnpw thft dear ones in the home i. pat. wnnld write if thfiv knew what to sav. but could 'notepeak of hJr lip3 were sealedTshe ' , . i "'TTZZr l : . . her circumstances, lest it snouiuj seem iik complaint. Day after day she looked anxiously for news from Harold, she could not believe he had gone from her heart forever; she looked forward to hi3 return at some future time when a full explanation would be made; and at night she often dreamed of the fulfill' ment of her bright hopes and .ardent jwishes. The dreamy life she led, and the queer companionship of her protectress, together with the condition of her nervous system, tended to pro- 'nounced melancholy, bunbe struggled in prayer and the exercise of the best faculties she pos3ejsed and conquered in part. One evening there came a letter in the familiar handwriting she knew so jweU;poor child she trembled 80 it waa with difficulty she broke the seal, her tears were falling in great drop! like rain, and. it was hours before she could finish reading it; Harold had writen to her as though he had not wounded her beyond recovery; his .words were tender, but hard as it seemed to the tender-hearte- d wife she felt they were hollow and meaningless. He called her, MHepise my darling wife:" how could he write like that; knowing as he must, that he had separated her from her dear ones, and that hencefurth an Unsurpassable chasm "lay between them that could never be spanned. Miss B. wanted to know what news from far away, she had from excited guessed manner that it Hepsie's ss was from -- Harold;- it to question her however, silence seemed to' Hepsie the best A living sorrow, nursed by silent grief; Henceforth thro aH her life to be apart, . her somewhat, and another eoon after from Her mother saying, "we expect to come in seemed to awaken new life in her dormant faculties. . 15. ner mother, to ot Miss much She talked telling her of her wonderful faith, her knowthe Scriptures, and of her arguments ledge with learned men, especially ministers, who had .ridiculed the idea of Joseph Smith an unedu-itf- d vonth beinc a Pronhet of. God. She sought to inspire in Miss B. a greater degree of faith, for it was very .irksome to be associ :ated,with-"on- e - so unbelieving and .worldly- rnindrd.- one who had no SDintual life and who cot however without awakening intense emo-- ! tions in Hepsie's heart, and stirring jts inner fountains, to their utmost depths, no one to HEPHZIBAH. XXIV. BaIl . 