74 Robert wrote to his sister Lois, to find a teacher for bini, giving her to understand that none need come expecting Citified prices or fare; nor must 'their teacher' be over fastidious or put on airs of superiority, etc. Miss Blanche Howard who had already taught two school years' and had partly promised for another, was present when the letter wa3 received. She made the acquaintance of Mrs.-.Alband Robert when visiting at Augusta the winter previous to their departure for the West.5' She wa3 quite a' favorite of Mr. and Mrs. Sloan, and frequently in Robert's com-- , pany; indeed she was, to use a common expression, completely captivated with Robert, who in addition to his handsome face and form, she had endowed with every conceivable, virtue and perfection,' she was then just entering upon her fifteenth year, gifted with warm imagination, she often found herself wi th bowed head lost in deep reverie long after Ins" de7 y parture. But the Spring and Summer glided away, jfnd Autumn deeped into Winter, while she was dreaming all sorts of fancies regarding htr heart's idol in the far, far "a way wilderness while he wa3; entirely ignorant of the admiration and love he had inspired in of Miss Blanche (as( sheva3 called). H13 mother, was ''as. yet his first and dearest love, acd to he he, was, notwithstanding his wild love of adventure' and chosen ealliug, a devoted and ' 'affectionate son, yekrs after Robert left, Blanche was called to mourn the sudden and untimely death of an only brother, for whom she grieved sin- -' for a ' time " forgettingher cerely, the-hea- rt . J-T- wo .'" - habit of dreaming, or of indulging in delicious reveries of Fanciful things, in which the 'dull present wa3 completely swallowed up by the brigbt future; she began to be 'more studious and thoughtful ot making herself useful, yet as wealth and ease had always surrounded hr, she' was not yet thoroughly ' aroused to any 'sense of real action. Of her mother she had an indistinct recollection, the only instance of which she retained vitid -- memory 1' was after ; heV mother was prepared for burial, when , she waslif look her last upon the stilled,pale face.and closed eyes of beautiful clay, and of. the grief she felt in not being taken with the mourners to the grave. aunt of her father gave to her-thmother-lovand care she could reonly, ' member, J; Following the death of her brother (grown to manhood) in less than two years after was that of her only parentthen, the knowledge that with all his supposed wealth there woufd be only a few hundred dollars remaining after estate was settled. e appeared to be overwhelmed ?rAt with grief, and when her kind Pastorjjarae to, isiHrcrnrafcfc she ix-bitterness the of her sorrow 4I have jcjalraedjn to for! Would that I 'could die?" nothing Her faithful Christian friend strove to comfort and divert hermind :from earth; to heaven, he' leftra-sweet- er :V peace stole into -- e e . .;- -::i Ie and-when- dreariest otjU clods ....... pnffinnii,,. a new mad a vvu vwimu- - IUC1U!1 of an idolized parent, r ; Now life, with its obj Reared in a hew view-aii- d soon - resolutions of usemmess and good filled her soul as never before. Time's soothing balm healed her heart'sLwoundsand new hopes sprang up to cheer and gladden her way; notwithstanding the stern decree, which bade her Uh.,r f,? daily bread, and so it was, with a .'most charing smile that she returned the letter placed m her hand to read4 exclaiming, "This is ju thepkcefbrmelWrite and that I wiir comem Umo make myself; say acquainted with : parents and children.". UDon ";' land. The same spirit of intolerance, audaciousness, and of r feverish malignance if brooding before her, pointing out, difficulties and cowering in secret places keeping a vigithat would be hard for her to meet, withont-grea- t lant watch and envious eye upon the glorious ofV the . kingdom- - which it would' strength to enduro and overcome therm. upbuilding to' destroy. vainly seek Long they talked while the shadows of evenBlanche parted from her new-mad- e friends, ing gathered around, and the Summer wind kindness and witlra pleased .bore their words onwaid while itvhispered to grateful for their in her satisfaction that it Was power4o give , the warm, loving heart of Blanche, of a hope to the some she could not form into words. unenlightened bright . would' It was in vain inducements were held out left behind, that shethought, dissolved from one dark to her by theso friends, of a home"with" tIiem, the theiright forever. . .... de-.- . v:,But the; stage station JsreachedV at tast , or that others tried to dissuade her,' her, termination was fixed. "There may be," slie ' where 31issBlanche is, cordially, greeted by, her I fine look-i- d said, ''lions in the way, and giants to fight, I escort in waiting, a tall g man, who it was barely possilile to recog-niz- e may. shake with the ague, .and. lie on a hard as the Robert of her youthful dreams' bed, as you all say everybody does who goes Little Da ma was there alsoarid to her, 'her,, West, (unlets they take along a bed of feathery) but I shall putn my armor, and muster all heart went out at ojiceaS Vtoa .youner-siste- rforVu r: Imle-tensure l heart overflowing wih joyful einotioif ahd triumph." But just let me whisper, "Love, love, mys- - j blissful delight at the first glimpseoi' her new, ' teriousaud "wonderful;" was the secret maguet ariimiich talked of teacherv'1' There could not have been a more beautiful that caused her determination to remain un- : shaken against the pleadings of friends, and day than the one of Miss''BIahche Hbw&rd'g (lrew her forth without fear or regret into new J arrival. ' The7, whole 'air seemed. palable"with and untried fields, many a "God bless you," richness'., ' Dame Nathrejiadi thrown oyer the and 'God speed thee!" wentjwith her at .park- forests "a coat of many colors,". and the. meling, while Mrs. Sloan said, 4Dear Blanche,' I low October sunshine wrapped" everything cannot think but that there is much happiness around in a mantle of ethereaL glory. Mrs. Al by. was at the door , to receive her in .8 to re for you you try to make others happy, and doing good to others is the surest way to and her escort with Joying welcome- - while the bring joy int our owii lives, aridithbugh trials word wen t for t h : fromrn outh "f: to ino u tB like " greater than you have yet krtown come upon wild-firthrough "tall prairie '. grass; and if you, by patiently bearing them and living for thsre had been any. iacilities' for a grand dis others you will conquer them arid- bring that play tnere would jbaye .Deen one most assuredly; contentment into your own heart, which is a; as it was the entire settlement jWa3: jubilant ' straoger to those whose pulsations are re-- ; and they all turned, out enmasB& togreet the -- strieted .to their own narrow new school-ma'am- : from ';way. dqwn East." sphere."; j and else tokens of and love was talked of for. two weeks, the messages Nothing esteem ; were sent' to distant friends some of prevailing subject .was regarding .thV merits of whom she; was enjoined to visit oh her journey the new teacher and of the first day of scaaof. jlujuc. ii was wji u buiaii mailer That first day; at school!: Ah what an. event either for a young person1 to take" such ; a to look back upon indeed; and what memories it awakens? Teacher- and scholars on; haiid, journey alone 'over the hills' arid far Way bear in. mut mind, this was. before the! especially the scholars,l6rig' before time to take; you watei-of the iltssissippl had been spanned by up the school, and what a pleasing sight it is. man's energy and io seeLthe. chilaejugather-round-tfieir-teaoher- ," scienjejjd for the 'jirori'fcorse that now. tramps proudly sometimes at little shy, but there- - are "sunny across its majestic waters, rushes oyer' broad smiles playing 'hide and seek' in the- merry ' j prairiesscales the mighty Alps of America, dimples,' bright eyes, blue, black, brown,janl descends mountainous declines, into valleys; of gray; such skipping, running, chattering etc, marvelous cultivated beauty, snuffs the breezy and here at the lit tie, log,sehool,hpu3e the very waters of the Pacific,impatiently champing as it birds on. the tall trees above them paused to bourses along hy the restless billows vof the f listen. But I shall make my story, top long if" ocean, through orange groves, orchards of: I stop to tell you alL that was done throughout ' fruit-anflowers and gardens' of Eden like that -happy firstf'day, or days .that folthat at that time were undreamed off. lowed. The games played, the stories-- , told at splendor Nothing worthy of particular mention be- -' recess and' in the- long" to 8ne on ther c.uei,u-nt paused -way at ' sayr altrthe" scholarr "(tEere were but ten" to to some j commence with) agreed that their 'Heacher was ithleTtW6Tmlrpductioii de1 taerein from their- Eastern 4 just as nice and sweet as she could be;- ( "Please let me have my way?" she said, as both Mr. and Mrs. Sloan began to les place-obstac- . pen-picture- s, . i . 'ull-f)earde- ' t -- ; f- ! 4 , 1 1 e - ; - s . : - j ! i ; d in-th- ; 1 nbon-timesuffice:- - a-be- itr au - Here she was received most cordially,1 and was treated with great kindness and hospitality ;t she made many ' pleasing acquaintances and formed many friendships with a people whom sbe had heard spoken of, as the u ofscouring of the eartV To her mind they had spoken -she found unmistak6- - i ivitorlowledgeior able evidence to the 1 As a .whole, the inhabitants ' appeared to be euueatea ana renned. "M;vuc . - Miss Lillian L. Huston, , bookkeeper in a Lynn, 'Mass. shoe factory,' received "the1 watch ? recently oflered''by the r Weakfy Bee of that city, in voting contest for the most popular r woman in Lynri; " 'Miss' Houston ' ; : 0qj. lt -- wage-earne- - Md& Cbedritifuncityy (greatly in with other; places in the surrounding country.) with iti bright homes. nWplli.d cultivated gardens, while its con-tras- scenes already iogue protrayed upon historic pages, have not yet ceased in our own fair Miss Alice f;Lpngfellowr "'.ths .daughter poet,, is a fine am ateur photogr apher farid' has storm1 pictures1 taken made; "a t costly,; noble and marble crowned u:agnmcent the whole Temple But the spirit of persecution had not ceased -wtthhe sling-otlhe-lr Prophets who hadbeen lured on todestruction 'by perfidy and premeditated perjury, as was the "Morning Star of the Reformation. John-Hu-ss, in:'thefifteenth Untury and I grieve" to say it, thV dark catat ot recivedJ.S,45f)jvo tea,1 specity3r the Massachusetts coast :They will illustrate a new book of sea; songs which, will ' along , ! soon be issued. Masskchusetbi' 1 V wnmftn-whfijl- jk " I fflYflfr property cen.stiil be registered to vote for. members of the school committee. ' A receipted tax-bilpaid within "two years, ghovYn,atf-thoffice of the registrar, in the cities, f or to', the Board of: Selectmen in the towny will secure your name on the "register. Woman's Journal. .. . l, ' 1 e - ': 