 if TTTrn ..ii , 18. Vol. ' Hepzibah. Woman's Works, Lund. Lydta ''jkast tbou Stake. . Notes and News. B, S. 3.- - General man's Mine! Equal to Man's, Ella F. Smith. Severer Editorial. JAfter Sixty Yars-Seve- nty ; Editorfal Note; of S. Israel. W. Rich Daughters ards.- - W. S. A, Pleasant, Grove, F. E. S. U. W. S. A. Convention, Rachel Edwards, Sec'yl' . Letter to Mrs. H. M. Whitney, W. H. B, Poetry. In the Silent City, XTM7 He wlings. Felicia, Augusta Joyce Crocheron. True Hearts . Ne'er Divided, L.. M. Hewlings. Coquettish1 ' , April, E. B. W. ; Report,--Cas- sia Silk--Worms,-- R.- - . ... , --- 7 T 77777 Faithfilly she struggled all life's duties to fulfil , in Patient meting good for ill. - How much we mourn and misshtx no language e'er could ' 7-7V v. tell, : While w c sadly murmur, "Ife doeth all things well" . . . - "She comes L. M. Hewlings. I .AndsiieritpcgaYJM The sight, in silence; loyeHer- - The maiden and her hound beside. ' "Ask me why summer light is joy, me what musfe Is and then ' Ask can reply. I only know Since bis dark eyes looked at me so, That, bird"and lrbbk,"glade, flower ancl tree Make with his voice a harmony That chimes to me o'er and again." I . her fervfntljk So, a wide change before bis eyes, The care his love had thought to rear Against the world was all in vain; - For, o'er its heights like sun apd rain The soul cf lore unerring drew" And to its voice, strange, sweet and new Her own made echo true and clear. near. Not little page Bowed low arid entered, it was one A step drew , ho came as suitor, loyally. Sing, little birds in every tree! For she had loved with faithful eyes ..One worthy, in his huntsman's guise distant kinsman's son. An Earl-the- ir W . ; , April 7th 1890.- - : , Augusta Joyce Crochsron. 7 V, HEPHZIBAII. 1 ; "My bound was ever near my side, ' - -- When love comes in the balmy summer hours, While all the earth with conscious pleasure teems, ; We linger in fair Eden's charmed bowers, And ponder o'er, and o'er, love's happy dreams, : ; - The "Pearce Farm," was just the place for secluded, quiet and peaceful. love-DiakiDt- r, . . " : deemed thy life as yet a child's. Tell me how thou hast learned so soon To value as cf lesser worth, Splendor and pomp of titled birth Beside the love of one unknown, And guided by its voice alone Have reached ere morning fades, its noon?" But ob, the answer in her eyes Revealed a truth in sudden light; The little bird safe in its nest And warm beneath its mother's breast; Will try itZwicgs and, and nevermore . Is the wee nestling as before But a new creature by that flight.--; - -- have- no"sbare,,----::- ; "I j Where are thy little "page and hound, To call me not with faithful sound If, thou hast met with thought of fright, Like some late bird at coming night Though moon and.stars are shining clear? . So free to wander and return At Jier sweet: wilkl where lilies hide In shadows cool, and mosses creep, Where Tittle brooks their heights o'erleap, If wiuYhis life I . lands guar dedroiindTthe-ancestra- l Were safe as her own fireside; Through woods whose light was green with shade Or flecked with gold where sunlight strayed, And musical with songs of birds Or silent, save her voice was heard The child might wander, undenied. ' : : mien,-An- . ; For height and glen and dimpled vale Were her's by birth and the young Lord she . Had all his people's love, and ' The flowers of his ancestral tree, Held in their hearts that tender place . None since her mother's death had graced ..... Now unto her"in full restored. -. "What hast thou in thy roaming met i Is't joy, or sorrow, or some fear ? -- A JI . all the world, without him" there Would be for me a lonely place, Since I have seen his smiling face; All honors won through centuries old Are pale and faint, are dim and cold his chair beside, She came straight-wa- y She wreathed her white arms round his neck And, as though sudden words to check, Against his own she laid her cheek And trembled, yet she did not speak, Nor sought the rare, bright tears to hide. - - - tFrom out those casements ivy wreathed, A dream like garden met her sight," From out those turrets higher still, Her eyes might rove and drink their fill d - " From cloistered walls and woman's care . He brought his only child; Through shadowy halls and windows bright, The sun .stole in and checked its light Where, garlanded by symbols old, Legends of beauty, valor bold, Her own dead mother's picture smiled. waterfall, j . Of, forest, lake-anNor weary grow from morn till night. "He proves his birth by coble 7-First ; FELICIA. , ' a dream of beauty, grace" .APd hijfajched - -T- And purity. Ah could I keep Her peace forever sweet as this, My heart w ould ask no dearer bliss." ' Fair, silent as the mocnbeam's ray W here murmuring wavelets rippling play, She came like one who walks in sleep. In the Silent City, we have laid our dear loved one, gree ting, from her can come; " The voice that cheer'd andgladdened.is now forever dumb, ? Yet we cry in anguish, "74 not mine, be done . ' Is centuries old and linked with fame; liinesonly child, I fain would twine Titie as high and fair with thine When thou shall bear the name of wife.'' . ' ' No swee t responsive . Scarce leaves her nest for fear of him; He plucked a flower where. ovcrleap The shining waters, falling deep, And where a pool, like jnirror lies, And boughs o'erhcad in columns rise And flowers perfume the archejj dim'w "But 'Mid worldly splendors' golden light, When one shall come her heart to win, r Ndr even she can see within. I' The guise his sonl perhaps might wear " 'Till time shall prove him false or fair ; And make life's fulness or its blight. r w, saw him' where (he timid fawn "And hast thou learned to love him, child? Thou hast but little known of life; For thee wait honors; our own name "Not yet for her that hour of fate ; ; l, "I - ' x:':7:;:-.;.;, guest. , . E'en rebelling.while we murmur, ''God knoxceth test." self-denia- il -- i In the Silent City, we have laid her down to rest, Tired, worn and weary, sorely. with cares opprest, I. We. would fain bay e here detained her, still an earthly - Above the whirlpool, and the call. sea gulls mingle with the cries Of singing birds far up the skies A nd wi nd and wave on chorus m aker- - That form arrayed in dignity , Belonging to her "nam e and placej' -'- - No. 22. And while wC listen, die away.::'.-- .: : v et in our being sing alway, "Unnamed, yet keeping there a place." 7 ; Tit I Of" Oh not yet, still let her bloom -7 Sweet as the wild rose and as free ' Not yet, the time of that new life When pride and praise and beauty's strife Efface the holy bloom cf youth And trace across the heart of truth thoughts of human falsity. IN THE SILENT. CITY. T'iP 1890. So passed their days and oft he gazed As one half dreaming, on her face, Feasting his heart in tenderness ; uPn he; 'girlhood's loveliness, '. Picturing sometimes, what would be -- V 1LJ the ZKtnyoodfom&TL Then answered she with gentle grace; "I have found what words cannot tell, ' Eli VV ii SAW LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 15, CONTENTS. " DO Mv little page not far away, And neither fear or thought of night Came in my path, but, to my sight -There came one, wandering as I For pleasure, just as free birds fly Nor think it wrong where'er they stray. "J saw him first while swift he' rode -Through the;nv4orfsMo4he4aker And watched him where cliff shadows fall "" .fasioaed flowers in bloom, and tbe bouse was fragrant all day long villi the perfume of and swtetbrier, tbat clustered 13 said to be about the doorways; g time, and now the hay, this and the in freab and meadows; lay sweet was in gearcluf a jourg stranger from abroad wife; (tbougb Kepsie knew it not;) he; determined to make love while the opportunhy was favorably his beartwasloucbecl wh "CunidV arrow, " the girl was simplicity itself t6; mm, and suited his meod, after his experience in the boney-Eucki- e bay-makin- g new-mow- n love-makin- -- world. Only twice afterwards did they meet, ere aTmost without an engagement they we 