WOMAN'S EXPONENT, mosphere for their sons and for mankind a better condition of government would exist when women-to- o lean equal part in -- itr gen-erally,a- nd DrTE.; S."T3a7neyijelieVed"m in-3'o- crown of Statehood." The telegram was signed by Mrs. Kimball, as President of, the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah. and. endorsed by the members here and will be we are perfectly sure by all the thousands of women in Utah who believe in equal rights. The Chairman refreshments and the s ladies arranged-the"tableand benches: Near Mrs. Kimball was a box "which had not been opened, after all the guests were seated Mrsi Kimball opened the box and displayed a dainty little silver tea set with tray, this she presented to Mrs. Dye, who sat opposite, with these words: "Mrs. Dye: The ladies of the W. S. A. of Salt Lake City have assigned to me the pleasure of presenting to you in their behalf this silver Tea-se- t which we ask you to accept as a testimonial of appreciation and love." Mrs. Dye though taken unawares made- a grateful response thanking: tire ladies"f3r their beafl 'fi-- ful remembrance and telling them her lawn and grounds were open to them any time in the future rlghrn'oTanTmafedsdussIo of the wo-- " man question was kept up while partaking of the refreshments, and soon after the company dispersed, having spent a few delightful hours in very proper recognition of the victory achieved for women not only in Wyoming but for the cause eve rywh ere. d - -- EDITORIAL NOTES. Letters received from President Zina D.-- H; Young since her arrival in Canada i nfnrm 11s nf her improvement in healthand that she has at- tended meetings of the sisters the and t pnr. ing her visit among the Saints. She does not expect to remain away from here very long, will probably return early in September. On Friday the 18th of July in company with Mrs. Rachel R. Grant, we attended the Relief -Society Conference of Davis Stake lield at Kays-..vill- e. Mrs. Susan Grant President, and her eouilseIors Airs. Mary S. Clarke and Mrs. Lucinda Brown were present, also many other leading SIsters and some of. the brethren of that Stake? There was a representation from the Relief Society of nearly every ward and their reports made a good showing. We dined a vMrsTSa"rah Layton's Pres. of the Relief Society of Kaysviile, andVhad a very pleasant time, of .sociaLconversa-lion- . Mrs. Layton is in delicate health, but spiritually alive to her duties in the office to which she has been called and set apart. The sisters in that Stake seem to appreciate the privileges of .the organization, and to be making rood Progress " 4n tmnrwk"" Bro. O. T. Smoot captain of fifty. Both are liv- ing, Glad also to see Sisters Nebekar and Dewey rLWoplley, they looked charming yet,' but their Mrs. Raphel Grant gave a "sketch of the Relief Society in Manassa where she had been visiting re ce n Uya n d o f t h"ed i s a d y an t aelund er w Hi c h7 he sisters labor-whhusbands had passed away and arejwith eleven of are so far from the centre stake of Zion. The 'day was an interesting "one theiapostles, some who were captains of a hundred and we trust profitable to all those who attended wagons and familes. Bro. Taylor was one, Bro, the meetings. Parley Pratt was also one. In the year 1847 we followed the Pioneers. They started in April, On account of circumstances which it was impossible to control and which cannot be explained and our companies the first of June. They arrived here, there was no issue of the paper on the first July 24th,' we about September 15th. But I .must of this month, although the 'number of the paper not forget others. Oae was Perigrene Sessions and wife I met on this occasion. He begins to will be the same as if it were dated August 1, and look aged, but his mother who is 96 looks well numthe volume Will "contain the twenty-fou- r yet. I see her faculties are failing however, (she bers, as we. shall make up the missing one during was not there.) Iwould not forget to say the young the year, so that no one of the subscribers need people who waited upon the tables looked angelic feel wronged, and we earnestly solicit a greater interest on the part of agents and Presidents of - in their whitt and bright colored dressesfwith a the Relief Society and Primary Associations, also blue ribbon upon the left arm, and a white cap with a blue bow" etc. T)ut their countenances those who are connected with the Woman Suffrage Associations, and asjcjhen3jakejntq j:on- - Jjriglitest of all beaming withjoyeLand admiration "sTdeTation tEOacOBliOhe-WoMx'Exponent while serving so gracefnlly at the tables. At one time after all was over, the music struck up a is their organ of representation; that it has published in their interest always, and for nearly tune which gave animation to the young people; isles were alive with many of the girls, two eighteen years was also the organ of the Young -- the Ladies' Associations. We do not hesitate to say and two waltzing while the tune lasted. This shows they were not exhausted. by fatigue that it ought to be well patronized by the women on this occasion; although it must have been a of Zion, whose interests it has ever maintained and now that the subscription 's reduced to one tiresome task to wait upon so many. Four huudred from the norh besides those from our City and dollar per year, it must be within the reach of alfrom the South. It was indeed a great day. most not quite,every home throughout the land. And what made it still better, were the speeches The Relief Society wherever organized cannot from OfficiaIs,that honored us with their presence. afford to do without it, because it is their official I was highly gratified with the speechofour organ and alU special or general instruction is M. whose I could remarks Mayor Scott, George given in its columns. Each one learns what hear best. To me it sounded as though every another branch of the Society is doing, as well as each StaTce, and thus they are enabled to work in word he spoke was heart felt. Our Governor Arthur L. Thomas seemed in greater harmony. There are many reasons why earnest, butt could not hear tlistinctlypvas glad and more the paper should to see it in print afterwards which I expected to widely circulated, and we sincerely hope the I was favorably impressed with him when sisters in the various localities appreciate the do. he was Secretary for Gov. Murray. But realize benefits of having- a paper of their own and that now he is between two fires. will renew their diligence to make it all that they I noticed Hon. F. S. Richards was applauded desire. but could not hear why; - therefore was glad to I did that fie was HONORING 'THE AGED. better acquainted with us as a people than the -- o equality, she thought they would make good judges, gave a graphic illustration of a stage trip across the plains at which time the presence of a lady in the stage coach, had been a sort of equalizer to keep things moderate. "Her idea as far as progress was concerned was that women were in advance and certainly in charity" which was the acme of good. " Mrs. C. Chapin of Ohio believed suffrage7said it had not been agitated in the town where she liyed,but she had been much interested in it since she came to Salt Lake. The Chairman Mrs. Kimball made a brief ad dress and annouced that a dispatch had been for warded to Mrs. M. E. Post at Cheyenne Wyoming, the following is a copy. 'The women oTUtalf'send joy ful greetings and congratulations to. their favored sisters of Wyom ing. Utah is proud of her little'sister and recognizes woman suffrage as the brightest jewel in her then-announce- 37 ; n -- & -- , -- "xtxxiiiik -- "OnTfiursday July 31st, Aunt Mary S"now Gates McFarlane pre was 77 years old. 5isterAnn-C- r pared a little surprise to cheer the aged lady. Sisters Emma Morris, her Counselors Mary G. Whitehead, Ann Hardy and a few others took in a tew presents ana retresnmenis 10 grainy tne taste, pie, cake, melons and grapes etc., it was really appreciated by the dear old lady whose con. dition calls forth our sympathy and kindly feel ings: she has been comparatively helpless for about three years from the effects of a paralytic stroke. She has been a great reader in her time and her sickness has impaired her hearing and tier eye sight also her speech'. She feels very forlorn through not being able to read as that was a source of real comfort to her. A. C. W. St. George, Aug. 3, 1890. - - - THE BITTER AND THE SWEET. - or OLD FOLKS DAY. -- : i otjjershQspok.e,..,.- - '. I believe I was more anxious to read Judge Powers remarks, because I have supposed him to be our bitter enemy. But I found a great deal to admire in the article read by him for I noticed that it was not extempore, I noticed his remarks were refined and intelligent and respectful to the aged as a friend to the human family &c. And I felt to say, could the venom he has manifested -- . heretofore be extracted from his character he would make a splendid Latter-daSaint. Well, I think this is enough I No not enough; I was charmed with the hearty good-wil- l with w hich. B rother- - Charles R. Savage gave outthe se n ts to- th e eMf&lks "abhrt triiyg" without labor, there were quite a few who received presents. But .when he called for a man who had not had a dollar in his pocket for a month no hands were raised; and again for two weeks but no hands were raised. This shows that they were not greedy but rather honorable men who had lived to become benefited through the principles taught them by .the gospel, which are uprightness, honor, integrity and truth. These when perfected will make its possessor a Saint; because they are the teachings of our Saviour 1' who was called faithful and true. From an Aged One, y -- - ho-were-not We often hear this remark: .the bitter and the sweet are mingled in this probation or life and I think the remark quite an appropriate one. But "M. E.K. on uici .fr oiks Day it was vice, versa, there was 2ISt 189O. July far more aweet than bitter. Havingarrived at tbe age cf of 70 years I was anxious to see how many people were living who K. S. AND P. A. EEPORTS. crossed the plains 42 years ago; knowing so BEAR LAKE STAKE. many had passed behind the veil during this THelEelief Societyif the Beai Xake Stake of-period of time. 4be-GLlXwas. glad-t- see a plain of ourcompacry 'ZraDheld their .rsmiimaal-fifefence'ayT 1 il . o. 1 Bro. George Wallace. He was captain of ou rten 01 ana uune 1 in ine Dtase try laDernacle ' " - o. n-- T r 