f. i 1 The Rights of the Women of Zion,' and - Vol. 18. - Daniels. Hephiibab. A. M. Tanner-.- Sincerity, Three Score M. E. K. A. Perfect Home, H. H. Utah W. 5 A. My Subject is Suffrage, Dr. E. S. Barney. R. S.'Repqrt Malad. Schools of Music. Notes ' and News. Editorial:jF rom Kirtland to Salt Lake City. L." D. S. Womens' Meetings. Notes. Woman Suffrage .Petition, iUtah Delegates. Ramblfng Education, X; Thoughts, Z. D. H. Young. The World's Civilization and Politics, Mary Ann M. Pratt. Poetry: Beautiful Isle of God, Flora S. Hill, Lines In Memory of Sister M. J. Tanned-Deb- orah Billings. Joseph Pollard, Hope. The Better Time to Come, John W. Hutchinson. Good' Counsel, M. nd-Te- n, ' - the Fob 'z: ; - Exponent: BEAUTIFUL ISLE OF GOD7 And he muse on fortune's odd display, And the depth of the poor man's wrong, And he asks, why this bounteous world so wid Has made bim a commbnlod, There b no felse picture of want or pride,' ' In the beautiful isle of God. So old and so cunningly wrought its scheme, " ' Is the error of royal birth, That the world accepts the imperial dream, As an edict of yej&rAble wrth V7vsijrr J Yet eTery one knows that a man is a man ' Be he monarch of crown or sod, Peasant and prince on a leirel wiH stand '""" In the beautiful isle" of God. i v , Beguiled by vicissitudes dark embrace, - , The maiden once lair as snow Both nature and man seem to interlace. To weave the unanswered woe, Iojustice follows the erring mind, -TTill refined by. the mournful sod, The clemency earth denies we will find. In the beautiful isle of God. ' ' " . -- : With impartial gems we will all be crowned, When we get to that equal shore, Intelligence there will not be bound, By the frauds of traditional lore, The mines Of truth unrevealed will unroll, . By the world's gross step antrod, "No ignorant myths will enslave the soul, , In the beautiful isle of God. Some day, having learned, we will cease to ask, Why our roses scatter and fade, Why joy is dethroned by somber task, us 'lone and afraid; Why existence flows ia a sorrowfuHider To the sepulcher's dread abode, 'Tis writ on the dark cloud's silver side, In the beautiful isle of God. t Flox-- S. Hill. Salt Lake City, March 3, oO' GOOD COUNSEL. To the parents and my dear young brethren and sisters of the Primary. Bein requested an yjPresident AnnaUvSmoot to write feelexpression of some of my thoughts and ings in regard to my labors in this great work - in wHch we are engaged,! cheerful iyrespondr trusting that I may have the spirit of God to .dictate what few words jnay 9 A 1 - I 1 '' t? 11 I I 1 ft V of alfXations. - JXi. Jsno and feel there ia a great responsibility resting upon me in magnifying thisofficeand calling. But as it has been placed upon me by those having authority it gives me confidence that if I strive to do my duty trusting in the Lord for guidance He will bless my humble efforts to impress the miud3 of the children with the princi-- : pies of truth, and that I may bo able to do so; is my greatest desire, and that it may be a labor of love - as - well as duty; ever hoping that I may sow some good seed in their hearts that eventually may spring up and bear good fruit in years to come. , There is Jotie" thing I desire to mention which I think ia of great importance, itjsthe feelingofindifferenca. manifested by some of the parents in not sustaining these organizations; when they have been instituted for the benefit it would be to their children if they attended these associations as they should; some mothers may think and say they cannot 8eeanygood:resulting from these meetings, I most earnestly: testify that there is. It may be small like ."little drops of water and little grains of sand' - that, in time make ; the .mighty ocean and the And if my testimony. pleasent laud.. is not enough I might add that -- of many of our faithful sisters that have labored long and earnestly in striving to teach the children Saints. Now we.deeire that of the Latter-dawith ua and manifest the parents be that when calls are made upon them fron time to time they may be prepared to help carry out our programme. TheV are , The poor man plods on his bumble way, - Ai the rich roan drires;8jrt ' - -- of 'the Women H T Kb. 20. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1890. CONTENTS.1 - thrllighh . , y co-work- ers an-intere- st . MeHefielfite'de''mstV- How the" oner that if-had had these thankful I would be privileges that our youth enjoy at the -- present lime of gaining such an experience. If they will improve these many opportunities they nave in aiieuuiug jrxiuittij, I sometimes ask myself the question are the parents taking as much pains to save their, own children by teaching them the principles of the Gospel.as the Elders abroad are in con- mong the Gentiles. verting the unbelievers Here in what we term Is it not possible right Zion (which should be the pure in heart) we our children; give too little time to teaching; ourselves allow and; the spiritual things, and the in much too them to become engrossed remnoral affairs of every day life. If so, it is 5rr,o wAnrnnsfd from our lethargy and try to to-da- y uuujuw ing eve; and if we will seek Him in. faith and ask aright He will answer our prayers. Our children are a precious heritage from our HeavenIy"Father, they are given to us puro and He will hold u responsible for the way we treat this sacred trust. They are given ua to train for a higher existence, and if we neg-- " lect our duty in this respect what shall we reap but sorrow in our declining years. "As we- - sow shall we reap." Truer wordsjare not! to be found in Holy writ let us teach the childrenjto be virtuous, honest, full of integrety to the truth.and to shun the very appearance of evil that they may grow up in the fear of the ;Lord be faithful to their rehgion, and be able to stand up boldly tmd defend its principles in the face of all the world. I believe they are those noble spirits that have been held in reserve to come forth in this day for a wise and special purpose, that they m ight have this opportunity to prepare themselves for the com-in- g of our Lord and Savior. How Dccessary it is that they should be taught and be made to understand every"principle"thathas been revealed in this our dav. throueh the revela find in tion of God to Joseph Smitbrand-w- e 6eek to for knowlthose revelations that we are edge from the best books, seek learning by study and by faith, for we cannot be saved in ignorance, and what ever principle of we attain to m this life will remain with us in the morning of the resurrection; what an incentivelhis should be for us to be . .. ip-tellige- di igen tin lea rn i n g,alJ that wci can, ..that-- we may reap" good for our reward and thereby where lay up for ourselves treasures in Heaven -u pt. May this neither moth , or rust doth-co- rr be yourhappy lot is the humble and sincere Sister in the cause of truth. prayer of your -7'r 7 : M. Daniels, ,. Pre Primary Afs'n. First Ward Provov HEPHZIBAH. -- Tis earlf morn and thro the air there floats, Odors of pine woods rich and rare perfume; ' The birds'are pouring forth their sweetest notes And fresh young buds are bursting into bloom; After Hepsie's brief conversation with the trustee, she thought it necessary- in view of her put on- a more serious air, and deport herself in a womanly fashion; stifl in short dressesd just turned fifteen, and brooks and orchards, that 4 engagement to teach rests upon us as pww uu1mivuwb...:.iiv! can read in the 68 section of the Doctrine and 4o always among the rocks CovenanUlhat the LoroVmakes shadowy-lanes-asinging mbent upon paren ts: tQ leach, their chi Id ren sho took in: the situation but chief attractions, ba- the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the and resolved to put off childish ways, and ifio limine God. baDtisrn and the laving She examined ; -- gin a new page ia on "of handsjfcthe gift ofi the2HolyGho3 to her ot the her slenderwardrobe" and reported when eight years old; and if they mother concerning her wearing apparel v ' sins will be on the heads of the parents. : two or three French cambrics and while character their form to time is &e JKow muslins that will be light and dainty for - in the like molded clay are minds easily their summer weafV if the skirts can be lengthened hand3 of the potter. And the impressions that a trifle, and with new ribbons, laces and gloved are made upon their tender minds now become I can do very well for a few weeks'.suggested indelible if continued till they are firmly fixed own moneyjoon to lepsie, "and I shall have ray so that nothing will efface them. We want know and can buy what I like." tou ordinances in the their hearts,faith in faith instil "That is all right my little daughter,but I ve and this grow that may principle of the Gospel in our been thinking over a much more senou3 fill it; henome3 a misrhtv power must cj jm;iCoo matter, and itpuzzles me somewhat I mft being the first principle of religion, it confess." "What is it mother, can I help you is it in faith tohave in our first teachings be should tolKau voo , because am in no - about -bi- rds-were-her nd ,xf -- her-Wtor- yrr do-n- , - -- - -- God andWievelhat-Hi- s and is ever pwsent with us knows our thDUgbts,UQthing j8,kepthi4irom,Hb All w -- gobg hurry, I should like to try horned finrt;" teachingnem . 