WOMAN'S EXPONENT. right as citizens of their own State. They had been robbed,Joutraged, beaten.imprisoned, driven from their peaceful habitations, hunted down, from place to place from one city of re ' fuge to another, manhood, womanhood nor feeble infancy or declining age, nay, the help-les- s and infirm found no mercy at the hands, Border Ruffian Marauders of tHes 3 Simon-pur- e no better name; their acts tesfor tiey deserve tify for them. Thu3 a peaceful people were exposea to tnc tenaer mercies tne scripture tells us, that "even the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel") of a band of desperadoes, brandishing bowie knives, and pistols without protection or redress, forced to flea from their own Etate beyond the waters of Western Missouri and on, and on, over barren plains, through desolate wastes, rocky defiles, and douuiam sleeps, iuiu u lauu M4.uHtKiiyijy,. wild beasts and savages; until at last, those whose lives had been spared rest their weary feet in a valley surrounded by stupendous mountain walls builded by the hand of the Almighty Creator through which He proclaimed by the mouth of His prophet (five years previous) that this people should enter and possess. Here these men of piety and patriotism planted the ensign of Liberty on the highest mountain top and sent its banners floating to the breeze,and like Joshua's legions who crossed the river Jordan and entered the precincts of the promised land, they awoke the silent echoes of the wilderness valley, with jubilant strains of praise and thanksgiving. -G- od-fearing 1 ; all sorrowful and'this beautiful- - night's scene," will more than.repay for the trouble we have taken in following the fortunes" of this people, whose cup of bitterness ha3 been sweetened and tide of oppression turned from them, at least for a season, but we will not anticipate evil, we ce atmling faces all around and peaceful contented joy reigns supreme on every side, many, of that first noble band of pioneers are amoug the throngs here gathered, and many who came after-fro- now-prosper- ous - -- Many years have passed. Time has changed wild lands places, and: faces events multiply . t t s l .1 J lnave lDeen reclaimed, cowns pianteu morougn-faredesert wastes, waters opened through .....1 J ieanui I ' cnaaueu, cnasmj oeneapeu ana ins footprint of Providence marks the way unheard. Let us mount our Pegasus and Hasten away over the white capped mountains to the valley of 'sage brush sands and bitter-water- s, where we left a band of noble pioneers Lo! What transformation is this? A great city has sprung up as if by magic? broad streets, tall trees, clear running streamlets, fouutain3 of evcrflowing water? and the glow of happy homes breaks out upon the snow (thi3 winter's night) in dazzling brightness. Verily, verily, the strong arm 'of. Providence- - has fitted them to do a work of great magnitude, and to carry out his purposes here? : I would like to keep you a little longer viewing this lovely valley of peace and plenty, for now the rich, softened by prosperity, pity and care forthe poor, and the poor respect the rich, while the lame, blind,aged and infirm, repose in hospitals or are carei for by tender r mihTstratTohTS(I justice is dispensed to all. But I hear the glad voices of children and basy feet of all ages are hurrying onward let 03 follow them to their gathering place, the Assembly Rooms for it is Christmas night, and a 'merry making," joyful time is anticipated. Let us stand .here and watch the faces as they enter and pas3 to and fro, perchance ire may .find some we knew of old. Here U the President in the full visor of life's man hood, a fine .looking ?inan too he is indeed, (Brigham Young.) How happy and full of gladnes3all appearl men ,women, and children. to stand apart an J It is really look unon their faces as thp.v alow with en thusiasm when greeting each other and in conversation, Tr7:! But now you who hate traveled with me thus far. must not be disappointed about the dear ones have seen nn llm wav far if w. are on the lookout.we shall surely find most of tbem amoDEr these eroun's of handsome ha ddv .t-- 1 1- m- distantart3 of on this "happy occasion," as brethren and sisters of one family. -- But here comes Bishop Alby, with his accomplished wife Blanche and the mother with a nice pleasant' looking gentleman. Ah, she is married again and doe3 not lookji day older than whenjho stood in the door at "Alby Lodge" to welcome ..Jil&nciije-oii- peoplei'W scenes indeed - . . . . - g hard to witness, but. life is not little bevy of girl blossom?, alino?t in the center wUl . aI f OI- k i IU ? I ... i. ti - rt . CIU .1 U M M -1 1 i 1 UUUtt tft tt.Ami 1 vivacious pleasing little 'lady, can it TVf.l-.-T t K. A nlmAiif a .9 i 2 MMt IX ft It 1J Blal be that she I LI nrifl .- brain stand still, as time "points backward to the little child l ied by the hand in my rambles over hill, and dell, through wood, field and meadow, and called the sweet pet name of "Rosabel." She disappeared one day. with another, and I called unto her in vain to re- tUIU. mother? wsn i ij.v-: AfV-m- r Bright-eye- it-hp!-s- W-hir- fi in ' r 7iaf little folks! kiad patient ones, d all, who have traveled with me so long over the rough and smooth paths of life 'mid mirth dance and song, I must bid you good bye, and .leave you to. enjoy the Merry Holidays. . ilUJNtUV A. II. S. REPOTR. EMERY STAKE. Conference of the, Relief Society of Emery Stake, convened at Orange-vill- e, Oct. 17, 1800. Counselor Annie Pulsifer presiding. Choir sang, prayer by JJrother E Curtis, singing, Counselor Pulsifer made a few' opening remarks and regreted our beloved Precident Anna Larson could not be with us her health would not permit, but desired wo would have an interesting lime, as she felt the Spirit . of the "'Lord to be with us; the SatLstical reports were read and accepted, the Representatives of each ward were called to report. President Jlobinsou of Orangeville felt well in her labors with her sisters, attended Conference in Salt Lake City and felt amply repaid. The feast of spiritual food she re- - The false-heart-ed -- - ' " maiden , whereis she? Why" the "blue-eyethere she is, running racc3 with the little ones! see she has one darling brightaced boy of her own, she calls him Henry, for his father, and there he is stooping to kisi and caress his precious boy. I suppose you would like me to tell you some romantic story , of how their union wa3 brought about alter she took up the vocation of teacher. I can only tell you that her school boy lover, is now her devoted a See tionate husband, that thewhi tod o ve of peace broods in their hearts and home, that Brother Hinsdale, is as liable to be sent delegate to Congress as any other, for he is not only a scholar, but held in high estimation by all who have the pleasure to know him. Dama through ornaments worn upon her per-son, gifts from her mother was one evening recognized by the dear lriends from whom she was so deceitfully and cruelly taken by her nhclefl cannor tell you v:aH" the f delightful happines3 this discovery mutually gave them. Long tHey had mourned her as deadj for they had written to - the school her iincle said she was to attend, and received in reply "that she had never "been there" theny hearing of his crime for which he was transported, they gave tip jail hops of seeing her on earth.- How strange and mysterious are the ways of Providence? and what a tangled web of events time often unravels! Dama has made the acquaintance and formal a deep friendship for the once deceived woman who married her uncle, she i3 now carrying oiran animated conversation with some of Zion's fair daughters, she i tall, elegant and graceful in form and appearance, much like tho sweet lady at her side who is called, "Sister Elizal (a writer and poet of high order.) and here we may find the children of martyred parents, grown now withj ypnng' olive branches around them. Here too, in this beautiful valley, this 'Gem set in a circle of granite, the fair daughters of a sainted mother (whose death by the wayside will ever remain a sad memory) have married, and are now rearing families to love and care far, while the youngest her idolized boy, has gone to try his ' ibrtune in California. But I cannot leave until I point out the Mayor of the City. They are all so engaged among themselves, having sucb,gIoriou3 times they wont mind our playing "Paul Pry." There he is, see how eager men, women and children press round to greet Him. And how kindly and affectionately he meets the people one and all. "TfaCrejareMary's and MarthaVand Hannah's Elizabeth's and Louisa's and Susan's, and a host of beautiful women, and children, with sweet cherub.faces, that all must "admire, and .for;..ouridvedwe. CJ.nnoLresiit l a- - feli f rapturous delight while gazing upon this lovely panorama of human beau tyr-happy fathers 1 .1 have passed tb r mgh tome- trying ! I Ji I must call your particular attention to ona d -- heart-cheerin- 87 . -- promise and blcspingi l o j - B - 4 ing to perform the many duties devolving upon her. Counselor Hannah Seeley reported said the sisters were the Castle-Dale-w- ard, trying to attend to their duties spiritually and fi nan cfal ly th inee tings "were tolerably wel 1 attended (but of course it could be better). Sister Jane Woodward of Huntington said the sisters were on hand and willing to go forward in helping in this great Vork. We live in an eventiui penoa oi time ana snoma ue united and help to bear each others burdens, prayed for the Lord to give U3 strength to do right. Ferron, Molen and Emery wards were not represented. Counselor Pulsifer gave some iateresting instructions exhorting the sisters to attend to their spiritual duties, spoke of the trials the Saints had gone through and were rough, referedta the .Manifesto that President Woodruff had issued, spoke verv interpstinwl v. Sister Sar.ih Kullmpr refered to the Manifesto aud found it already wa3; trying some people, no matter what men or nations may do, she knew that law was from God. we should stand firm and hold on to the principles of the everlasting Gospel. : now-paasiBgJt- h Sister-Ja- ne Peterson of Castle Dale felt j)leased to meet" withT (lie listeis7 had tieen" in thi3 Church many years, even in Nauvoo with the saints, quoted many sayings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, exhorted the mothers to teach the principles of truth and righteousness, spoke very interestingly on other subjects. Sisters J. P. Curtis and-J- . Johnson each bore their testimony and spoke well, Counselor Andrew Anderson of Orangeville addressed the conference a short time. their children Choirs"angT,Dy: W'rTgHirXdjoliriied until 2 p. ra. Afternoon services. Sioia "0 God our help." Prayer by Bishop Robinson of , Orange-ville.-ingingIhrle-OTtsls- T1 ng-o- pf -a- nd--motherrt . Semi-annua- A Pu'liifer spoke very encau radius! y to the sisters on difi'erent subjects. President Chenry o f' Yr LrM 7 1 rJs ssu ctal ion WadiYjfewTelnaTkF and Bishop Robinson of Ocaugeviile ocoupied . 