WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the religious services here yesterday, tended towards that all absorbing, most important of subject, the reformaiiQn.andlprope.c,jeclticatian our children. .1 have already mentioned that our Stake Sunday School, Supt, Dr. O. C. Ormsby, paid our ward a visit yesterday. Since my sojourn here, we have also been favored with visits from the Stake Presidency of the Young Ladies1 and Primary Associations; showing that In this Stake, the people, some of them at least, are alive and able to work. Both associations above mentioned and also the Relief Society in this settlement, are doing excellently; although their meetings are not largely attended, yet those members who do attend, manifest their willingness to assist in, and their devotion to the cause of truth. Before long, I hope to be able lb write againj and to say something of, the Woman Suffrage work in this portion of the great world .which is - -- - r TloliigftrlXES, With kindest love, L. L. Greene Richards. All IN'MEMORIAM. Mrs. Sarah M. Blair who departed this life July 8th 1890, was the daughter of E. W. and Willmirth East and was born Dec. 31st, 1840 in Washington Co. Texas. She was baptized by Seth M. Blair, August 1854 in Milam Co. Texas, and came to Utah with herparents in 1857 was M. Blair in Sept. 1856. She was married the mother of five children two sons and three daughters two of whom survive her. She was a woman of moral character and sterling worth. Saint in She lived and died a faithful Latter-da- the hope of a glorious resurrection. to-Set- . Deiitfesf moffi Bless us with that heavenly love, Tell jas of thejojs you've In your blissful home above. ttcd,mMSi,. VVillmirth East. WOMEN'S MEETINGS A&D CONFERENCES. "Praise ye the Lord." The President Sister Webster made few opening remarks, al- - th e 4 ead -- luded 4crthe great work-io- r ss how much she for the living, and enjoyed the in and her labors the Relief spirit of the Gospel Society. j. Lunt Sister Ellen W. prayed that the Lord would give those assembled hearing ears and understanding hearts that they might profit they heard from time to time and on this occasion ; -a- s-wel by-wh- at- rejoiced to have the" sisters from the Central Board of the Relief Society from Salt Lake City in their .midst. Sister i SageTojiemaiievexylpreUyllustra- - tion in her speaking, said the great proportion of the surface of the earth is rough, and requires an effort to subdue and temper it for the habita tions and benefit of mankind, and it is so with our lives there are many trials and rough places to pass through which give us great experiences and are beneficial to us. Bishop William Corry made brief remarks; fought the sisters were mare alive to their duties than.ihhrthrirer' said Sister Jane S. Richards, she had been in jspneJnahquick and the telephone have-ma- de raphy a great difference in our lives, we can send messages like lightning long distances, and hear the voices of our friends a hundred miles away, science is doing marvelous things and we must move onward with ihe improvementsthat being made. Sister Richards urged the sisters to make the home a. heaven. Ringing Sweet is the work: my God Iny Tvin after which Sister E. B. Wells addressed the as sembly for a short time Upon the current topics of the times, and especially the political situation of affairs here in Utah and in the country generally; gave a sketch of some things that had come under her observation at Washington and in the SupremerCourt of the United States in 1 885 when the case of Apostle Lorenzo Snow was before that august body. Sister Webster madea fVw .closing -- remarks, spoke of the great faith and spiritual power that" was, given to those w ho were hum Me ; singing" "Lord dismiss us with thy blessing." The benediction was pronounced by Elder U. Jones. are-everyw- here tne sisters irom bait Lalce Uty; said she had visited all the wards ia that Stake, had representatives from wan. Cedar City Paragoonah and Summit Wards were reported, Parowan, Sister Benson very good report spoke well of the sisters and referred to the saving of grain. Cedar City Pres. A. E. Webster spoke of the disposition among the people of the world to seek after riches and not give heed to the still small voice, exhorted the youn mothers to question children daily in regard to their habits and what they had been doing, teach them strict honesty, truthfulness and virtue. Sister E!i2a-BartoPres. RrSrPaf agoSHah". in the there Society reported good condition and bore her testimony in a humble manner to the truth of the Gospel. - SisIeT"Eettir0alIe:y Pres. Summit R. S frave a good report of that place and said she was very glad to see the sisters from Salt Lake come to visit them, added her testimony to the truth of the r Latter-da- y .work. Sister Jane S. Richards, felt she would always rather hear the brethren speak ; felt a weakness in speaking to the publicrallud made at the opening of the meeting. She always liked to hear the minutes read at the Conferences of the sisters, it was customary, and had alway xuuuucm ucucr oiae wnere rres. Youno- had organized the Relief Society in July the year he. died she had spoken to Pres. Woodruff since ' and he approved of it. Thought it was a good thing for us to criticise ourselves, it . helped us to be more careful and diligent. Confession was always good and in all thmgs.she loved to hear the testimonv of the little children; she spoke eloquently upon o-" Her Mother. asi;pffercd'byJEldeOIEnstopher-Atthurr'inging-agai- n ways, and of the wonderful changes that were transpiring with 'the people at the present time; gave a brief account of her being healedATnlhe came into the Church, her baptism being the first in Laporte Indiana. Spoke o'f obedience, charity and love for our neighbors; the tendency among us to become careless because we are pushed and hurried, it is the spirit of the ae, everything Conference of Relief Society Paro wan - Stake, at Parowan Sunday a. m. August ro. Sister Ellen W. Lunt presiding, opened by singing "Awake ye sai nts of Latter-days,.- " prayer by Bishop John Adamsf sanV 'edeemer ofTsrael. Pres. Lunt made a few opening remarks, thank- - . Meeting was held at Cedar City at 10 a.m., Friday morning August 9, Mrs. Ann Elizabeth Webster presiding. Opened by singing "Lord we come before thee now," an excellent prayer that-- parents and made some hippy illustrations; i urged the parents to send the children there to be AVpll - ftf t .'1 llrf fl h f V A'iVnrM liAnc fir twl taught of the things of the kingdom, Touched upon other subjects calculated to do good and to make a deep impression upon the minds of the people assembled there. Sister Holyoak and Sister Mandina D alley each occupied a short time expressing' many good wishes and desires; they were followed by Sister L.. B. Wells. who dwelt-upo- n the great benefits and advantages of the organizations of women .and children in the Relief Society, Youog Ladies' and Primary Associations ; spoke of the Prophet Joseph and his great love for little children, the faith he had in the prayers of the little ones, and urged the children to seek for faith and to be diligent in attending their prayers and regular at their meetings, believed that noyjstandjngjhe-l -- drjtaltie time was a good day for Zion. - Choir sang the anthem "Praise ye the . Lord," Benediction by Bishop Wm. Corry. Afternoon session: Mrs. Ellen W. Lunt presiding, singing "Awake ye slumbering ministrels' prayer by Elder David Mathewson, singing "I saw an angel from on high." The sacramert was administered, and afterwards Sister Mary Ann Lunt spoke upon the Relief Society work and the education of mothers, referred to the silk culture and the lectures uoon health in their ings. Sister Sagejones alluded to the Drnnhpu wuu nau apujvcu &u ueauuiuuy in regard to Zion in the last days; did not think if, was pleasing to our Heavenly Father that there were so many poor as a people, hoped to see the day when among-uthere would be no poor in Zion; felt the Relief Society had done much good to those in need,the " sick and the sorrowing; her remarks were tender and full of love. Sister Jane Birkbeck, rejoiced in the Gospel, she had left all that was near and dear to her to mt. s y ... th&cW h - h Angel Sarah do not leave us; Though your body's from us borne, Yet in spirit be thou with us Whispering loved ones do not mourn. Cedar City in a very early day 37 yeary ago, and remembered her experience at that time. Spoke oL ' nr ' .- - r hu-milit- y" -- gather i ceived the truth and never repreitpH ln;nn home or her dear native Innrh flhi,A.-- . rising to speak that she would rather cook a .dinner for all those assembled there than stand up to speak to them; but wished to be obedient when ":' called upon. tnntA i four Sister Hpnsrin ww.m w f uyiuo UUl c 11 cr icsii to the truth. Sister E. B. Wells, spoke mony upon general matters more especially "the education and advancement of women, and their politi- tai awiua iuc hcscsmij ux a inorougn understanding of the practical duties of life, and the religion . thfv had emhraned. alsn thp rAnolii.i. ernment of the country; as mothers and wives women need information on ail subjects, and to impart it to their children. .. - " ' iaccwicfcuiitfwsrrTaice spoke of the good work of the Relief Society and bore testi-tom- y to the diligence and faithfuInpQ k sisters in that Stake and the help they were to the Bishops. Sister Jane S. Richards made some remai ks 1 uponithejabors oflthe sisters, felt mostrthemir Lworked& f -- said the Relief ''$Qcftiyvnsiiot any old iady's getting up not even Sister Eliza R. Snowwe had this upon ourselves if bad been established through the priesthood ; too-har- d not-tak- Jj'yJoephimthahe en P sisters had done enough in making quilts and carpets and she hoped they would meet often and get spiritual strength and only do such work as -- was reauy -- necessary said the coals would not die out if we put the fire together often; she was a wonderful woman and did a great work, Mother in Israel would not half it. "Sisters comfort each other, remember our children and the children of our neighbors wc? can think how we can help to save one who is 'weak or erring, the Scriptures speak of the lest sheep &ister-Etiza-l- iad ex-pre- lp tion, also obedience to parents and respect to the aged; referred to her great love for her own wiih4he-safetsra- ss 