w.oma'K's': MINUTES OF OLD FOLKS PICNIC AND BALL. -- 323 exponent: Now a word for the ones who projected This treat for our aged, our fath rs and mothers, For fear our friends in the North may be thinking That becailse we have no brothers Goddarcl and Savage, We can't have an old folk's picnic and ball, 1 I thought I would .tell you a ttle about it. For though we're a far away link in the chain, We'er a link still and hope ever so to remain. And we love all our old folks and honor them too ' bi.C'Y. nine," Novemberrthe ' of our-Lo-rd, nine , Eighteen eighty was the when was one, hour rung, Hajlbell The Twa3 day-twent- y ' And the EXTRACTS FROM A LETTER. -- faithfully?-d- It new wives. T,tii- IUUI er With a little waltz and Schottische: And that dance which iivulgarlyiraHed polygamy Which many indulged in and danced without fear, - For professor N told us the Court was not here, Perhaps I had better explain here a little, Fora change had come over the scene", For silent nd swiftly there had mingled among The Silver, the golden and brown, There were faces all smiles, untouched yet wifh care, hose radiance made brighter the Snowy crowns there. I We had more recitations interspersed, with the dancing . --- A fine recitation , , . by our dear Sister Biggs, 1, And a fantastic plka by Unt V hich just brought down the ho;se. If you don't know Aunt Lissie, I'll just tell you here, .... She is one of the genuine mothers in Zion. - V ith heart big enough to take in all the Children, of this vast creation. 1 would I could speak of each one that took part," And the lessons by each speaker given, j And pray that the lessons may neverdepartj -- ..: ..,;,. From the hearts of the hearers. ;. "You have broke your poor old mother's heart," Brought tears to many eyes Oh would $he wayward stop and think. Ere they bow down the head with grief That's snowy now and bent with care, ' And give them joy, and not despair. May Fannie's "Voice from the poor house,'' JL-X. .Strike deep and take part intht 5truggle To' banish, the demon of drink form our Sorrow and grief stricken land. Lissie--and-Ca- r y . . . . : -L- . ' Sjodaul. "Jennie V'f!rnlv.-- . TrR nnVl -: VomarJ Jow The sphere of woman continues to enlarge. The latest eyjcelooiei a "whereTyoung womau has just been given . nn : L - cp J Un n '- your paper x. the Relief, Mutual or vicinity represented by thexeii)re.-Will.,takeit uricary Association -sister orgamza-timyself to inform our that of our progress in the grad cause P. A. of this stretches into eternity, ihe and take are generally taking a lively interest ood work toward inclining the twig doio rMitly and capacitating- the tender mind to certain truths preparatoryo the proMutual Im- motion to the higher grade (viz) IJl v .J1 v-,.-- i, Browning were equal rights for arnon early advocates of on1 wVU" nt.hp.ra ttrA women in fla.!,! "blflUU .. , i i.:... .4 tin 5-nfatiK'nnpf thp anvn' - i mOUrmug iui mu cates of woman suffrage will sorrow for him abo as jthe friend" of jwomen.So28ays the: r s 1 rv.fthe "ParowaunJair; 671890. "In perusing uvvi. T"k CORRESPONDENCE. . ' . iTreenwoou ) cirnh viuo TT' jncsiutui,'!J uu-- t Mary E. Bryan, Second vice rresiaeuu G-spe- Editor Exponent: : June") as President, Mri. Lippincott ("brace ic M. S0. if T I -- .. .. lies and the Frotestants nave uuiuus uuC means and not without success, though their not alwavs be lauded. ;f.nWn1Tnnvprfs'can V" . . a t rn ( n ft Well, 1 must not ure yuu ..! letter. I prav tor the progress ui uiu j r Society ana tnai iue an poured out upon the J. 11 Jaffa, Palestine, Sept. ,1 r ... . hovers over its present population, lhe Catno;. A brother in iw a,i: Rt.1l .. l v "i,'uu. ui inhahiNnts CjL lUitl luo ft Christinas party ,to fe"' ' ja.iii'y Vmndrr-r-w nnnr rn ildren at the Elvsees m ' 1 itnere . Ilia dmittpd to the bar in the New England States except ""New" ail .r 1 .r Hampsuire anu vtruwuu .Mil hn hpen awarded the first decree of doctor of music which any" lady ua ;.i f mc i TTniuprsitvj of Dublin. nas gmucu ul nf California, has ob- V llliam 11 tain the permission of the Emperor to have a copy maae oi mts wiswuc : in Dresden gallery. n VAvcfinU will oublish an article in the Jauuary Century, giving the first recent extraordinary popular description of the discoveries in Bubastis, Egypt. have re- - mice m-" ' sisters, ceived the degree of Doctor of Medicine, at Berne, bwitzerlana, ana iwo ox tuciu i " :. , practising in New York. Club has been formed in u a j. . - -- I J . f UIUCU f . III I r - raris. : -- r ytTT m m iUaUiliu . . r The King of Siam has just married twenty o e, -- j anu-auoi- NOTES AND NEWS. e tw-wn- - P. A. StaksSect. ' con--eid- J we uegiecttui i.i " "Kfofesongs'and more Ipeclies too,""" , lilies and time to pass uselessly? Oh sisters let us each strive unceasingly to do a just Is entrusted to our bo obliged to sadly care for a season, aud uewr . L tt l . ponder upon might nave ott-uLest 1 usurp too muen oi yuui time and paper I will Fay au revoir. Miy lleaven s oest gins no hak fallen in mv lot to labor in the Holy Land. The Question here, as I ee it, is to gain some foothold, firet of all. That being done, a ' L "O dwellest that Thou my .Father vast field lies before us. The Jews are gather- ' rr in? in thousands. Europeans hock here, in In the- hih and glorious plee Touched the hearts pf the hearers; and wakened order to colonize the country and to earn Sister Snow. of our dear Sweet thoughts money. The natives, mostly Arabs,, swarm ' the then the meeting Chaplain, opened B. F. Johnson about, and for all of these something should With prayer for the welfare of Zion. be done by way of enlightening them on the Which was followed with singing of ' the coming "of our Lord and the subject ones with the erring "Deal gently establishment of His kingdom. I am alone back." win them We yet rnay to labor here, and my capacity seems to be A variety progamme was then carried out but small compared to the vat labor that There were speeches and songs, and ,a sketch of should be done. But I trust in God in whose The Mormon Battalion which was given by all the ends of the earth hands are Brother Brazee. If T could and the inhabitants thereof. a and ten sang song, One of our succeed only in gaining one point as a .basis of call we hex,jmdmayjh Mother Deseret future operations, I wouid be happyr and Ann Hakes Mabel comic serio A To gain a by " my long j mrney well paid. if I make-nmistake the hearers, much pleased Very foothold is therefore my present endeavor. For this is from hearsay, I was not of the Band, And I hope to be able to say before leaving Who had reached the set mile stone 'of Wonderland, Jaffa, now we have one place in the Holy Land, Yet hearsay is taken in Court now I see, from which our mission can be carried on as Vbea it happens to suit the said Court and his council, God shall be pleased to direct it further. But Yet surely all life is a wonder or dream, the first work is cftenAhe hardest and most And things are but seldom what they seem. ' ' laborious. I'm reminded of this by Judge Hake's declaration Jaffa or Joppa .is ; the. . place. Jwhere.Uie After viewing with critic's eye the congregation At. the Ball, in order board a T: Thaf Acre were no old folks there, unless it might be, Prophet Jonah went on Ninevehship (Jon. 1:' 3.) hU mission to . . IU Philip Metz and Thomas B. Flanagan. And here, Peter had the, remarkable vision, The time passed too swiftly and closed with the hymn 'AnU nnmmisioned him to baptize Cornelius 'Come let us anew our journey pursue" ouse,where Peter " in Cesarea. (A lO And dismissed.with'prayer by the Chaplain. when he nau mis visum w. Then the Picnic held sway for an hour or more 7 lodged .fu-mf,f-nthp. house , i.5 reached on, an - iUIU IH6 w v With hand shake and jest by the friends of "Lang Syn6." theironi yard, ot leading ancient stair-casNow what may come after from knowledge I give, ai.a the house and to the top W For I entered the Hall when the music tuned up, r... Peter resurrected Tabitha (Ag. 9.) Christianity And the call came to fill up the floor; nave gameu seems, therefore, very easUy-t- o There were "plain quadrilles and puzzling reels, ; - o or are us? - 5 . v - ToM i:s.Wareitam, . Manti: gathering quickly begun. All the Stake was invited and I think they all came, i mean all, who had passed the half century line And ihe widows were there in the hope to beguile ; A lone hour, of their life darkened way. three-scor- . -- , -- h1 - , - con- - mv pntertViDment . rrat-- A Ul ststing t dialogues, rwnwr, and instrumental etc. which was descrying of irieat praise to both officers and members, also and a true txhibitiun of the bright intellect noble spirits given the children oi ina cmiu life did those people of God; never in my beautiful words of the Savior seem more imof such is the pressive and appropriate. "For heart ;emed over- kingdom of. Heaven." my m- .lmirflf mi tor - - their : liowing wiiu lovt- nun uocaice aiul: aptness; casing myflections tav rest upon the glorious mission given to woman Am we nerforming it t... i....:., i?aiK0r wc realize what is expected ot Much credit h due to Almi Salisbury, . And those who so ably assisted, May you reap wh it you've sown faith, honor and love, When you. stand where your guests stand today; And the eirls who with eirlands entwined the Hall.,. With all who aided hot!; great and small, ' To gather this ray of sunshine in May you the blessings of heaven win. DEAR SISTER WFXLS: r u: ,r.o,l nun 1. old year, the P. On the last evening of the a dianebsinir druggist.; It deserves to be added that she n t only got ner iicen.su but passed the best examination that has yet been had befbm thamining board.2?os " Herald. : .7e At the University of Zurich last year twenty-nin' : - women studied medicine, fourteen philos .London ophy, and two political economy. In students women medical there were forty-eigh- t In Paris there were one hundred and eight, othnm f ifrhtv three were Russians, eleven En'g- lih Austria, Fen--French'-th- ree one :gbumamany one Turklst,- - 