.118 prepared; and many danced with glee add sent gifts to one another; and some there were whose hearts were filled with charity and love; and they were pitiful to the poor and the oppressed and relieved their wants with many good gifts, and they caused the weary orphan to smile and the widows heart to sing for joy because of the happy Christmas time and the peace and joy they gave returned fourfold into their own bosoms; for the recording angel smiled because they would receive their"Tire ward from Him whose promise never fails ; then I followed ray guide to a large and gloomy building enclosed-wi- th high walls, and there were many men incarcerated therein iand,.somejyerelJcriminal&of the deepest dye, men of violence and blood, men whose hearts were hardened in sin. and others who were voung with the freshness of youth yet upon their brows, and who were not yet hardened in crime; and some were there who were guilty of no crime but were and they all imprisoned for conscience-sake- , in sin and mingled together; the wickedness, the youth, and the men who were and the friends of those there for conscience-sakmen whose hearts were filled with charity and love sent them food and comforts in which all shared and many good words were spoken to the weak and erring and they were exhorted to seek a n the hearts of the prisoners betterway ' were made to rejoice because of the remembrance of friends in the happy Christmas time and I know that this also would receive a reward from Him who said,-- 1 was sick and 1 ri" prfs on and ye vis i ted me. Then I thought ! followed my guide to the great cities of the old world and I saw many Churches that were built some to St.Peter and some Paul and to Saint Mary and Saint Jude, and there were preachers preaching in them and tho' they sometimes spoke of the babe of Bethlehem; they failed to warn the people that the second coming of the Messiah was near at hand but instead they said all things remain as they were from the beginning until now; and some were asleep and cared not, and some were fools and said in their hearts, "There is no God.'' Anojtjje we.re " -'Twas a fair company, a happy sight, The loved ones gathered in. the dear old place; And evermore, that memorable night Shine, forth with something of a kindly grace. Sad w ith that sweetness Lorn pi smiles and tears, Thati!aU,o'5 home, and glorifies, the years. - There on that' night, two lovers young and gay, ' Plighted their troih, and solemn promise made; And even then, thtry felt some potent sway Of dread, the very atmosphere pervade But iQve is strong and vows of constancy "" They in t ercha ngTd in fond e xpectancy. Musicand dancing whiled away " the- Hours, And love and friendship bore a faithful part; rs w. 'Swftf- - thaft t!ie of human heart; Are ihese'expresiions Ane O, with what delightful charms we grace, -- The hearts and homes we've made our dwelling place. - rfumetrf-thcTarestilowe- , and all was still, And then a busy hurrying to and fro, And ir the crisp night air "peacejind good will," At last the music ceased - -m- Is the last benediction they bestow, As from that home, each went their sep'rate way, Nor ever met again as on that day. e, "Sfr that followed fast, These friends, and brothers, sisters ev'ry qnev But often in the years Knew how prophetic were the clouds, that cast Such gloom and sadness, ere .that night was done. And what that household, and that home befell, here happiness and joy were wont to dwell '" " and-eve- Where now are those who sang the sweetest sons, Of fold "such wondrous tales br land and seTi?--- Do they forget that past to svhich belongs So much, that seemed a prophecy to be? Ah me, what vigils, waking or in sleep, 1 ho' ever silent do our fancies keep. . Alas, how swiftly all the years have flown That intervene since that eventful day; Tho' thorns and briers have been thickly strewn, As we have trod life's rough and rugged way Yet still we hasten and brighter glow The.hopes, the talisman of "long ago.' - -' 1-;,-- ' CHRISTMAS E..B. W. THOUGHTS. Peace on earth good will to man, sung the Angels ; far unto us a Child is born, unto us a Son is given, and the government shall be upon. His shoulders. And His name -- shall be called Wonderful Counselor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace. I sat in the quiet evening time and meditated oh the wondrous story of the ingarriation of the Son of God and of the love of God to man," and my thoughts traveled back to the time ' more than eighteen hundred years ago, and in imagination I heard the angels sing "Glory to God in the highest" and I could see the glorious star and the Wise Men bending before the lowly bed' of the infant Jesus, and my heart throbbed with joy and my spirit was filled with love as I contemplated the glorious wot k of the Son of God,then I thought of the Christmas approaching and how few while in the midst of merriment and rejoicing would remember Him whose birth they professed to celebrate, and I knew that many- would fi 11 the . air with riot and drunkemiessjmd nany name; and my heart was - sadLiind-- X thought a guide came to me and took me by the hand and said, "Do you not know that these ' are the Latter-daysof-tAnd that thtgreat-wor- k Redeemer must and and look through the earth." And I went, and saw many things both in the abodes of the rich and dwellings of the lowly, and I heard the met ry chimes of Christmas bells and saw troops of happy children with hands filled with toys and sweetmeats, and I saw hour.es and Churches uecorated with evergreens and great feastswrjel ? . he an-steeped; for the secopd coming of Him who was bomt the babe of Bethlehem.- Then with the eye:of faith I was ' enabled to pierce the future and I knew that the great work of the Son of God would all be accomplished, and not'oneof all the words that He had spoken would fall to the ground, then I. saw as in a vision that all" was changed and the earth no longer groaned under a weight of sin and sorrow; for the spirit that had made war so long against Him who was once the babe of Bethlehem was bound with a great chain" and t he w;as" YoVered . with " -- betstrngtrrtoman-wTtTT verdure fruits of immortaJhyjndin place, of discord and strife, there was peace and joy; for men had thrown down their weapons of war and bloodshed and had taken up the peaceful implements of husbandry; and t y learned the art of war no more; and deliverance was preached to the captive and the prison doors were opened. And fathers and children rejoiced together; (and God's ancient people were restored), and instead of the mosque of the Idolator a stately Temple was raised to the name of the Most High and in it they acknowledged the babe of Bethlehem as the Messiah; and happy boys and girls were playing in the streets of Jerusalem. And the whole animal creation was subject to man as at the beginning, and there was none to hurt' or make afraid for all nations acknowledged the reign of the Messiah; who was once the babe of Bethlehem, and I understood how the government would be 'upon His shoulders ;" and I heard my guide softly whisper "Peace on earth good will to man." Phebe C. Young. -a- nd-yielded " A CHRISTMAS WISH. Continued from page 115.1 other sex?" he would not admit that he did, although be knew it was so he had the tact to keep it to himself. But Fred being of a more, open, tal kative disposition he would out with" his feelinigs. "Tomorrow we will walK around to the mansion again, I am going iswici tuuiuiuauuuj rtiiu ouuiciy Wits buaKcu lO to ask' the father for his. daughter, that is, if the foundation and great preparations for war tin can cluck I ah " ,4Wp11 cniirflcA - - e - prion o x v. were being made,and there were strange diseases I Fred ask don't Luce Miss him for hope you and famine and earthquakes; then I thought Of as 1 heard ber called, lor short I suppose,) I the words of Him who was born, the babe of want that pleasure mvself." "No 'Harrv I Bethlehem. "When ye see these things come to shan't bother my head about you and Luce pass know that the coming of the Son of man is you can nave it all your own way, the youngnear at hand.' est is my style, "the nymph of the woods." As And then I thought we entered a building that he finished the sentence, a knock at the. door was not one of the Churches of the rich and was heard. He opened it, a note wa3 handed" great, and many were congregated theTe and they to him it was the invitation to attend the listened to the words of one, who had traveled Christmas dinner at Mr. Grover's This desea and land to bring to them the tidings that lighted them both; as thev did not exnecthv God had again spoken from the heavens, and had Fred-kne- w that his aunt was froinc, but did set His hand to bring about the restoration of all not so expect great a pleasnre as that tbey things, warning the people to repent and be' bapwould be among the bidden guests. ' The next tized for tlit remission -- Hheiirtin's7adurn"to day they paid the Lord with all their hearts that tbev miht nearts, tney were kindly received and made prepared to, meet the bridegroom. And some welcome, they were now on familiar terms there were that received this message d,iHlv with the family. Fred walked out to have a" while others were exceedingly angry and said conversation with Mr. G rover as he was "this fellow preaches strange doctrine;" we will generally with Tom giving orders or looking not hear a God speaking from the heavens, aitcr luiijgs. rrea naa to be couragous at with him. And many men laid hands on himaway this time, he was and elerminHjtolknowiOe! bum be accepted as a they beaHnm witrrmany stripeshd caused him to hp carae near ly backingnout as he saw the old gentle same spirit that entered into Herod man causing him to would corniug toward him and thought ; he ; murder the Innocents that he nnVht make some remark about the weather ,w Bnt no, he said to himself I'll be resolute this infant Jesus, was still upon the earth , possessed time as be had tried with great fury and determined to make th enhiprt. he- war upon fore. It seemed as though Mr. Gro ver the Saints because he knows that his timVis short and TaTso saw that the divine me young man 8 thoughts ana utiLipaieu Spirit that filled nnrtnztarl 1.1 . 1 I .'iL .1 i the hearts of the angels with love and rreu mui isucn wiia tnac Kinaness joy when 00k tresh courage and said. "Mr. Grover theyan that ypu. had once to ask" Yes, yes, young man Xhnsunas.morning long ago, was slyi upon the earth fiUmg the Saints with faith and v"k naiuug me end ot the sentence,; you love and. wish to ask me for my daughter in marriage." enabling them to rejoice in the midst of trials and "Thatis-jusbut "it waarhard vorirtflrex-pres- s persecution because they are" looking a"n"d waiting myself." -- " - -- " - -- son-in-la- " rW,, . V to-hrnn- 1 . . Mt, -- 