v.: , mum h v h : The Rights of the CONTENTS. 4 Once a Year or a - Christmas Wish, by Annie jj. p.National . American W. S. A WY Sr A. Organizations. Notes and News. Bishop Editorial: Official Declaration. Christmas Whitney's Poems. Id Memoriam. ; Thoughts, by Phebe C. Young. Amelia Poetry: New Year Resolve, by White iFarnsworth. A Glance Backward, by - . E. B. W. : :.- NEW YEAR RESOLVE. - The dear old year has lived his time, His locks are changed to white, His youthful days have long since passed, He'll close his eyes tonight. morn at early dawn New Year will take his place, And twelve short months pfjjrecious time Will end his earthly race Yet in that time much can be done Of evil and of right. Sorrow and pain may have their sway, As well as joy and light. Sweet fragrant flowers of love and peace By beds of thorns may grow,. Some homes with happiness be filled, Others, with care and woe. To-morr- - I sometimes ask if this is just, I'is .answered Gifd kuvmhst And they who patiently submit WiUbe among His blest. Then let us all this( title seek. New-Year's -- . "Dear sister. Lucia, how I wish we had a brother he would help us now would he not? and then Christmas would go off so much more pleasant; then if. he was a jolly brother he would come flying in with some nice present on Christmas morning for us all, and Oh, how well we would enjoy the dinner, I know it would make pa and ma more happy to have a son, he could help pa so much, we are girls and can't do like a brother could. I think he don't you sister?- would . be-goo- d, "f)7' vM Hessie na and ma are so irood they could, not have a bad child. I wonder why-theas daughters. did not4mve a son li The Lord does' all things best. Let us wish for a brother on Christmas! "All right." "Now you wish Hess and so will I and we will-se- e which one gets it. I'll get the sticks you hold them and I will draw; the one that gets the short one gets her wish. Here goes." "I have it." "Let's try again, once more for have . AVo , jgrace. Luce all right, here gocs will .it it a -- witlioft. suile-tb- at undiairj'-lipa'-tha-.partwill both get our wish but we keep rounded a each cheek, in a dimple brought Christmas." until secret form and not as tall :as her sister, .her voice As' they were returning to the house they was like the nightingale, full of music and met the hired man Tom. "Well girls how Chmtmastree ow7piKmhgibr-lh- e' No one could feel sad when they heard her u have got" ar'n't y6uT"tye8Tomnxnd-yomansion old the voice ringing through cheery tne tree; we want a very in jmerry tones she gladdened the hearts of the to do your part, get we expect to decorate it with household that numbered but six. There was nice large one, r- Hess andzlt eaigirb I haudiworkno son, the only children were the two girls. our io the pie and you a Thfi fldpst of the two was more sedate, her am going to, have finger fine one, I always be sure it willbe a eyes were dark brown and dreamy, her hair may to .. please the lasses. was almost the same color or a giossy uui auu try in temperament "To make themrememberme. luxuriant, niild and tho and comfort one's ' she had a care for every So hang me up on the Christmas ree." to was her greatest aengui happiness. It "Oh Tom you are always full of merriment would forgo her own and others make happy we?" "Easy enough I intend to to bestow it upon others whom she loved how could for it large enough to crawl up to the top dearly. Her parents were the first objects she get branch for a Christmas present." "And you her to please obey and make happy, nice one you are always sol studied their every want, she realized1 they would make a " wa3 Hessie's were in advanced age, she sought to spare obliging and good natured, ood little curly TQOt as y." ""But them a care of anxiety, and wa3 ever ready through his nose in the to lend a helping hand to each of her parents. bead" speaking Tom was a favorite with all, Yankee style. They loved and doted on their, daughters, old standby for years, and as and looked upon them as jewels of God's he had been an feeble this faithful old choicest gifts, they knew no difference in their the old gentleman wa3 looked up to Luce steward looked after out door concerns with goodness. The household Tom passed along thinking of the good looked after, she could' answer to all their ' in this family wants as she knew where every thing about times he had enjoyed-- he was happy h always the house was. She had great, devotion tor during the holidays, the rest-- of the iamily Mr. and: her sister Hess and would watch over her 'two old people highly rewith the greatest solicitude, a mother could Mrs. G rover were and marked kindnot express more anxiety than she. These spected for their hospitalityThe old hired help. gentleman two sisters could not be parted they would ness to their when riding out on his white horse, would go always be seen together with the dog Royer to throw twiprovided vith pennies in his pocket following, they would take their strolls at the children and they wonld scramble light ami in arm and every little shrub would out to to gather them up. The children all have an interest for them as they gathered around loved binff for his kindness to them and they them up to decorate their home. The hfm with freat respect. He would hemlock and pine: which grew in great yto" himselfrtheEe are tine abundance, the- gathreoT" to make home ride away saying" I wish I had been blest with bright and cheerful. They were taking their noble boys, y as-we- j anf p remem-bered-wit- ONCE A YEAR OR A CHRISTMAS - 1 "My" Dear Sister, Christmas only comes once a year and it is only two weeks that we have ready; yes, Lucia and all the good to be cooked up yet. thing3 have f ''Here comes Mamie the cook we will what wo -- want and would 4ell-her-j- u3t ; -I-- Then with joy we'll fondly welcome The year's-las- t setting sun; As with pride w e well remember The great work he has done. :How he's 'scatteredgemsof wisdom Blessings to all has meeted. Together with the good we've done Since his first rays we greeted, toet - . Amelia. White Faknsworth. 1 1 usual 'walk one afternoon discussing the "Christ mas tree and dinner thus. "Dear IIss, we will harg the tree with garlauds, we will take the hemlock, pine and evergreens and weave them into wreaths and twinethem around the tree intermix them with' the house flowers, I thinkwecan-spar- e some. We can make artificials also and surprise paand ma will thU not be a grand idea?" Hessie drank in all that her sister tsaid and gathered up all that her arms would hold. "" Yes, with a zeal of womanhood We'll wave the flag of peace. We'll pray for God to calm the storm, Our prisoned friends release. We'll bless the sick in every home, 1 he erring one! we'll guide We'll help the weaker ones to row Their Life Bark down the tide. WISH. -- I , , morn We'll gladly -- welcome With firm resolve of right, - And spend each leisure hour therein With heart, and brain, and might; In doing, all theTgood we can, By making sad hearts bright, I n scattering rays of sunshine Some darkened home to light. -- take from"iovr to like her tfyctZI ill TChristmaa to cook it all. I - will tell lier what to do. Ma wont care": "No, Hessie I am we. will the oldest and this is my right.-B- ut leave it to the cook which of us shall order rattli ug .the dinner." Mamie hears-the-g- irls away about the "Christmas dinner. "I am going to settle this myself,' the cook said, as she slept into the kitchen, where the girls were often found busy with domestic aflairs. -- ""Now girls I will order: What shall it be? turkey; a tat goose, chickens and a roast." "Lucia may make the ginger cake.u loaf of corn bread, squash pies and an English; pudding. Hessie the curly head shall look over the fruit for the mince pies, pare the apples and potatoes, seed the raisins for the pudding and arrange the flower vases for the table, I will bake the pork and beans." "And make the Christmas cake with cream?" The girls clapt their hands with glee and said they would abide 31amie s accision. Pa and ma were aued people and these two sisters were ever ready to assist when needed. They had plenty and were not too proud to work in the kitchen. They were educated and talented. Lucia the eldest was very graceful in form and man-tipr- a nnd different in complexion from the L younger sister, Hessie; she had deep blue eyes, tuoi long eye iasnes, rosy cneeKs, jigm, un- white curled in ringlets around a forehead 6' , ed And humbly bear our part. Help other's, life s drear storm to meet, And cheer the lonely heart.- -- TP of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. It-w- -- -- IP omen SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 1, 1890. Vol. 18. 'T If? ever-igree- n, i-a- - atA 