woman's exponent;: GO Wo MAN'S -- JiXPONBNT. EMMRLLSE D. WELLS, ' ' Editor. in Salt LaVe City, Utah. Terms: Published sne copy one year, $1.00; one copy six mouths, GO cti. No reduction made for clubs. City. ropers dcliverd by mail, extra f6c poKtHgc one year, 23 eta. Advertising rates:' Each square, tea lines of nonpareil - A liberal discount , space, one time, UJjQ; per month, S3.00.' to regular advertiser?. ErrosENT office, No, E,, South Temple Streetsecond Business hours from 10 cm 021cc. of News Descret east gate Rcnl-monthl- to5p.m. every day, except Sunday. AddrcaiAll business communications ' - - to- - : J890. The Territorial Fair will be opened at the Fair Building and grounds on the 6, 7, and 8, of Oct, and with the many other public meetings and at tractions during the early days of October will make things lively in Salt Lake City. Conference of the s will Church of Jesus Christ of commence at 10 o'clock a. ra. on Saturday, Oct. 4th, 1890, in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. The officers and members of the Church are invited to attend all the meetings. A Peoples' Convention for Salt Lake County will be held in the Social Hall in this City on Thursday Oct. 2, 1S90 at 2. p. m. for the purpose of electing fifteen delegates to the People's Territorial Convention.. ..The County Convention will consist of 130 delegates, from the several wards in this County, with credentials properly authenticated by the Chairman and secretary of the Primary meeting which appointed them. . Sam Lake Citv. Utah. Entered at the J'ost OQlce in SaltlMke City, Utah, as Second Class Matter, Salt Lake City, . . OCTOBEI GENERAL CONFERENCE. The Sixty-fir- st semi-annu- al Latter-daySaint- Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon,' ' A General Conference of- the Relief Society will be held in the SaJ: Lake Assembly Hall on TiejdaxOctpbejr7,at which it is expected there will be representatives from each' Stake of Zion: the President of the Relief Society Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, who has been absent on a visit to Canada is expected home in time to preside at the meetings and give instruction to the officers who preside in the several Stakes. The meetings will commence at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. as usual. - " Joseph F. Smith, First Presidency. LOOKING AHEAD. That tljis people, as well as all the people of the world are Uving in a day of great events and . changes is a positive fact almost universally conceded. Men of advanced thought in their writings and in public speaking admit kh6wrng;an3'4in-- . advertently this truth. Some speak of it as the noon-da- y of science, others as the' natural egtreo'CCflyledge" arrTvejTat by men'sJearn..- -. ing and wisdom oMhe world's 'attainments, and a few there be who look for some great climax of events, supernatural in their nature and miraculously bringing in the reign of peace. Saints however know what is The Latter-da- y the tendency of all that is transpiring around them and that it is the fulfillment of prophecy, and the 'natural accomplishment of the designs of the Al-- mighty in the purpose and being of His children here upon the earth. And while many may fear and tremble because of what is taking place, and while those who fear not God, or obey His laws are going on blindly in their unbelietand MiTer-enc- e, the trueSaint should.be awake to the. situation and with might mind and strength seek to do his part humbly and fearlessly in the Treat drama 0 f th that this people came in to take up the most im' portant part in the closing scenes. we read that Kino-. This is the day of which and Prophets looked forward to as the climax, the tnumph of all that was great and glorious. Woman aiweli ajjrmiaj5ucri.toUlrt-4ivhe great events that are now taking place, her help is needed, she must look to the "future and plant the seeds of 7aUh,of hope and love in the hearts of those around her, the rising generation, the children of the saints are under her special care ejjrjblhis s T and trainlnndliM ties for. work in the great present and the inimitable future. The cultivation of the heart nf nil mankind in its gentlest, truest iuc pjwiui.c 01 wuuiaiinoou. To accomplish woman's mission in re'fininV purifying, elevating, and polishing it is essential that thgalexb'elthrowiiipen to her by those who hold the keys of in and this poen connection it ra3' safel' 1 said the opportunity ' is comin- - liehia. - - There will be a Convention of:the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah Ter. held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, in this City on Friday Octobers-commencinat2wprinTat whicHifis" -expend there lhbe county organizations, and an interesting programme rendered, also that there will be an election of officers for the ensuing year. Addresses will be given by prominent speakers both men and women. There will also be an Executive session for business in the morning of the same day" at To, , Wednesday at the rei dence of Drs.M.B:and Ellis R. Shipp in this City. The happy occasion was the marriage of their .eldest son M. B. Shipp Jr. (6 Miss Eda Deklin( which event took place at Manti, the ceremony being performed by Apostle Anton H, Lund. Over a hundred guests participated in the festivities of the eveningT Congratulations were in order,and many were the good wishes and fervent blessings showered upon them. The bride was beautiful in her shining white wedding ""appairci, rand the bridegroom the picture of radiafit happi;" ness. ,' -- There were many useful and beautiful presents, and the rooms were fragrant with the perfume of lovely Autumn flowers. The brfde wore beautiful The, minutes of the Relief Society Conferences now on hand will be given space in the next issue," or as soon "afterwards as practicable. "rUBLISiriCR WOMAN'S EXPONENT, .... A wedding reception was given on evening September 10th, at, 8. p..m., EDIl'OlUAL NOTES. - V WEDDING PARTY. Woman' sphere is widening, her; star is in the ascendant, resplendent with light,that Is shedding tserfulgence abroad and penetrating the darkest corners with its glorious rays. Sublime courage and divine faith are the inspiration she needs to continue onward and upward, and never grow weary in helping, blessing and laboring for Zion with the firm assurance of victory. , " ' - : I j r ut 1 .1 -- . . 1 well her rich and creamy complexion. There were troops of fair young maidens and noble looking young men to enliven the scene, and music and singing and conversation in such'goodly com' pany made the hours fly swiftly. A sumptuous repast was served at which all theguests were sealed and did ample justice (0 the bill of fare which included' fruits, ice cream, and wedding cake; a very elaborate pyramid cake occupied the centre of the table and was profusely ornamented. At the top underneath an arch of silvery flowers a bell swung to and fro; a very pretty design. It was a late hour ere the guests began to say their adieux. The newly wedded Mr. and fyrs. Ritiit-r?tVi Shinn left frr the Fat nri ww.-4Ua uiw t jlM liltlM Mr. Shipp goes to Philadelphia to finish his medical . arrnmnanv - - COUrse and hfcr Wlfp - - w will U J him U f with the expectation of remaining until he graduates. Thf wrifpr nflFfri rnncrrntnlaflnne nnA wishes' for them every blessing, that will tend to their best welfare and happiness and enlarge the, . v ft ic -- My JT - -- - - ft ftft4 sphere of their usefulness. g o'clock. There will be a Territorial Convention of the People's Party held in this city on Tuesday the 7th day of October 1890, at the Social Halt at 12, o'clock noon, for the purpose of nominating a s candidate foLDelegate.iQtheFifty-secon- d and to elect a Territorial Central Committee. The basis of representation is fixed as follows. One delegate for each 250 votes cast by Con-gres- 4heoplesPar one delegate for each county irrespective of the TmnnbeTOfYoeTTa have been duly apportioned to the several Counties. Salt Lake-- County 15 and Utah 8. Weber 7; Sanpete 5, Cache 4, Box Elder 3, other - :counUeMwPnd,xmes .r,T7- The Editor had the pleasure of attending by invitation the quarterly Conference of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations of Sanpete Stake held at Mayfield on Friday and Saturday, September 19 and 20, and is pleased to state that there was a very good attendance an exceueni ieenng manliest ana a good spirit pervaded the meetings. The young Bishop recentlv appointed at that place attended all the meetings ttuw iuun. mi, gitdicsv iuicic5i ia me report of the sisters labors. Everything in that beautiful little settlement indicated peace and prosperity,and the abundant harvest was noticable in the numerous large stacks of hay and grain not onl y in MavfiVld ' but throughout the County. , -- . -- PRESENDIA L. KIMBALL. EIGHTIETH ANNIVERSARY;. Sister Presendia was eighty years old-othe of 7th September 1890 but the anniversary was celebrated on the following day Monday the 8th. About fifty of her friends, most of whom have been in the habit of assemblings there annually, came with baskets of delicacies and luxuries to tempt the appetite, and with joyful faces and glad hearts to comfort, cheer and hWc - thie r tvh,uu mother in Israel who had blessed them and thousands of others in times past, and now when time has furrowed her brow and whitened her locksf the daughtersnoraon ar?7eady to praise . and honor her. , ry T4ietherirjg-nafurarassumed the form of a all as were anxious for a spiritual feast as meeting well as a temporal one." The meeting opened with the7 inspirational . nymn, "ine spirit ot Uod like a fxrWW HufnlnoAn eloquent prayer w,as offered by Sister Afathn Pratt, and then all joined again in singing, "Come let us anew &c." Sister Presendia then addressed the sisters in her motherly manner, expressed her gratitude that she was permitted to meet them, once more this side the. vail. Brother Gibbons an old friend of Sister Kimball's spoke a fe w words, said it was the first time he had been in a meeting of that kind but felt the spirit of the Lord was there. Sisters Milora, Farrow Cook, Aimed, Culmer Nebeker, Coon, Pratt, Phelps, Higbee, Mary Ellen Kimball, Stephenson, Ridges, Delia Ann Pratt, lary Ann Pratt, 'Margaret M- e- Cainep Maggie Sharp, and others said many good things' n ... - . MbM igter:Klmball prated jpreiomplete 