' r , ' , C- 4,''-""- " : WOMAN'S 1 "")'.-- '..... The Eights of the Women of Zion,;and the Rights of the Women of SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER Vol. 19. CONTENTS. . A Welcome Messenger, E. A. Crane Watson Aunt Lu's Story. Women's Suffrage Journal, If You Want to be Manchester -- England. r Loved. -- Miscellaneous. L. D. 'S. Women's, Meetings. R. S. Reports, Utah and Salt Lake Unwritten Laws for Officers of WoStakes. men's Clubs. Notes and News. Notice, Dr. R. B. Pratt. Obstetrics, Dr. E. R. Shipp.. Editorial. General Conference. Looking tt 11 A'.t.i Jtt r, TITS. A A "ri ""XTrM'T" - - - 1 A WOMAN'S PRAISE. : Tbey sat upon the rocks beside the sia; He still a youth, while gray had touched her hair; She praised'him, as a woman.raay, who, (air, And strong, and kind, whb gentle ministry, Knows welJ bow great her influence may be. kji a young hiranger. in my nean you Dear The name of tfentlcmm, for courtesy." , Years passed, and years divided, as they will, . . . 1 - - auu u uui uini guuj nuui, 4 hi. wuuiau, y iuj Sweet deeds of goodness came his life to fill. , t-v- J. 0 all Nations. No. 8. 1, 1890. tion; then the very first time baby is tired ot .you .little midgets,", nat to. put in any of your fretful, how I enjoy, rocking her to sleep while odd querita or quirks, f r I must go right reading the miudtes and reports of the P. 'A. along without interruption when once 1 get. and R. S. conferences, or an account, of some started. Now in .the long, long ago, out in ja social gathering oft times showing to mc the groat uncultivated country, on a rolling plain names of. those who are endeared to me by the that seemed to stretch away into the sky, all truest lies of friendship, aod giving sometimes alone, with not a human habitation'in sight, a little girl of not more than nine summers once quite an insight into their present situation and a knowledge that those friends continue stood,, gazing about and around, looking to possess an assurance of the divinity ef our for some object which had seemed to -- faithj- and- - are-w- il their assistance - d fea ppea r as if th e - eari h-- h ad- - wal I o wed - i t or-its furtherance. Sometiraes inperusing from sight, for it had only been a few iiiinutc3 these inspiring sketches my eye comes in con(so .it appeared to her) since she had deft the tact with names (I would like to pen each one) carriage by request, to fill a jug with water of those, who have been compelled to leave the from a running stream shaded by willows beautful vales of Utah for climes more peacenot bu t a few rods from the traveled roadful, if not otherwise congenial, some of whom way. Bhe had climbed up the steep bank by are in different parts of Arizona, Colorado, and the same route that she had nude the way far-oof sight way off in Mexico. Pleasing memories they downand had not gone very revive, aye, and sad ones loo, but it all serves she thought, to find a safe standing place to dip to make me feel nearer those dear never to be up clear water. - What can it mean? had her uncle purposely forgotten onesi for this with other things the she Exponent is always thrice welcome to me, I, left her there alone in this deserted place, like many others who are "floating on life's wondered! just then a flock of birds flew very oceanhave drifted away, away from all child- near circling around above her head chat ter- i3lKe hood's associations. 11 ' she raised This weeks paper also brings An". Answer matter, where did you come from?" her tearful eyes, looked up into the clea'r blue to my l Woman's Calling," in reading it I cannot help thinking that Sister Mary Anderson sky, and wondered why God couldn't have mast : have - misunderstood me," or I do not taken her when her dear, mamma died, and thoroughly understand the idea she wishes to why her papa before his death should have convey, judging from the tone of her article left them in care of this proud, stern man, we exactly coincide . with each other's views who she was sure never loved them, and who, '"and "could we coiivcise orally I'm positive we since her mamma died, had treated her like a little beggar. would agree admirably with no sign of contra' diction. She4fped her small hands convulsively toeh-quirin- Hug-to-len- d- -f- Tresendia L. Kimball. A Remembrance of the Prophet Joseph, Mr" A. P. H. Brigham Young's Old Home. The Murder of the Prophets. Poetrv. A Woman's Praise, Youth Companion. To E A,, Lula., Greeting, to F.M. Lyman, E. A. C. W. Exile, C. L. W. Un married, E. J. r.;.- !1 j v- ' 1 . Ah, who shall estimate the wondrous power Of woman's praise her words for good or ilH She sowed the seed eternal blooms the flower. TO E. A; not the lone one!" thus thoa hast written: Thinkest thou, dearest, we'll ever forget, . . . The poor, weary heart which too early was smitten, Hath suffered and waited, and suffereth yet.' V Forget Firm hast thou been in thy faithful endeavors,j Though the flow'r of life's fondness was crushed in its ' . germ; Though the weakness of mortals, love's strongest ue ut - nu3irsayir , in our meeting house, his noble, cheerful countenance as he arose in the pulpit brought forth one general look of gratification from the well filled house, he earnestly implored all to arouse from the seeming lethargy that had fallen upon the Latter-daSaints, have our lamps filled and burning as the sigus of the times were indicative of the coming of the Bridegroom. May we benefit our3eI ves by the timely warning i3 the hearty desire of, hi. A. (J kane Watson. ; Parowan, Utal y ' . 9 cays nare pass a o er mee, since iasi we mei inee; But there Va-dawhen we'll know no regret; : Thinkest thou, dearest,, we'll ever forget thee?. will never forget. 0 No, gentle friend, we ' " LtLA. S y : , AUNT LU'S STORY. Today brings the Exponet.: I wonder if it receives as cordial a greeting by every sub- senoer as give ltr un iu arrival, no amer-enc- e what ray employment (now don't frown upon me you model house wives) I stop long enough lo glance at the signatures of the correspondents,- to see if there are any names annexed thereto of my girlhood associates, or of those of my niany dear friend3 and n try that was my ever fond I v--r from the--xu membered home up to the time I assumed the takes jacredjiatieijof minute yoa know? and 'tis iueh a sathfap-- . i co-worke- r3 wiie-djrjothertatm- ly 1 -- e 1 as sed me to write a story. Wel, there .are -- made its appearance in his path; trembling withgriefland JrighLiliaxus!) edjjjr ward to- wards the man beseeching him to save her. 'Wrhere in the name of all the saints, did you come frainchildf H3he robbcd:the ?ad story of - -being left as already related. Welldo'me-wiih me little girl," he said kindly," we'll get to a stopping place before, clark if you can "Toot it fast enough;" then call- - 7 'in to the dogs to keep down, and away from the child, they started on, for a time they walked quite briskly.then more. ,slowly pursued . ana- -a u, verv many vastly greater number, who want to hear a story. And now while I think of it, that I m ajTneve ifEivelh i'jjrTvilerisilngthTs way again you will i kindly pay attention I will tell you one, for if I can do any good, or maWayionechappyitTWou id not' "be hardly: fair to refuse; besides nobody can complain if I do ray best. I scarcely knQW how to begin, but don't think I will say, "now once upon a time, although everything happens, once upon i .1 t i l luJ "uvcu way a time, that u certain. Now daylight has ?".. more circuitous troinothen, his is hill, rapuiiy pli'rhter at the foot of the hill lay a beautiful ruunin rounds to light the street, we'll draw the curtain closely and look within. We won't mind brook u pon - wh ich the J ast rays ot bathing its waters in a roseate hue ot if the snow is falling fast, or the wind blowing it in all directions, and whisking it into the light. Crossing this brook was a bridge of logs, over thi3, through a wooded lane of trees, they faces of people who rush along the fcidewalksl a liouse Jmiltof a few jeigsTui-ther-- t W ethin and assed-on Jogs, I think t deserved a more'dijnified name needyrljyeeaMLMp seated looking anxiously towards me, I will Wan thatcf cabin, for it lial four large roomi, commence my story, but first, let me caution and two tall wide et ine cbimutes, besides the toriie.-tnouiauiitrea- if -- WELCOME MESSENGER ' - Who fails not and swerves not, but saves to the last; hunit forsaken, while her lips moved in the sublime prayer of 'Oar Father who art in heaven," then came to mind, the sweet verse she had so often heard her dear mamma repeat, ''Behold we count them happy that endure," then she murmured softly to herself, "Very pitiful and of tender mercy." The barkipg'oi dogs' in the distance caused her to look around in the direction from , whence ;the sound Jcame, and for the first time noticed that beyond tho valley stream, lay a wooded country. Presently, two large hunting dogs came sniffing along, bounding towards her followed by their master with gun in hand and game-baheavily laden.-Hcalled the dogs back froni the poor child an manifested more surpHse than he probably g From erery dread chain which the tempter majr cast. , 3geHer;shuM Our God is still merciful; still be thou firm. Man may deceive, but still trust thou in Jesus, . -- -- 1 ae-cena- ea, - -- sunset-lingere- : , -p- d 