WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 29 powers of womanhood are consecrated to the hanpjyed precincts of f - bu trw h i le--1 hey-ar- ercontent to modestly shine, there, they would ""in- - made the promise to Abram that in him and his profit to suffer them. If it please the king, let it seed should all the nations of the earth be blessed, be written that they may. be destroyed, and'l and in makiug-the- ' covenant with him changed .wUL&ive- ten ou3am talents'- - of silTerito' the " oInvi"fFom'A v sure tothatJess?tunateisteTs handsoFThose that have the. charge of the busias contained earn their own living, as well as to those who en in the seventeenth chapter of Genesis, the Lord ness to bring it into the. kings treasuries.". So in the contest from said chance unto . him. for "As choice, Sarai gage letters were sent by post to all the king's provinces, equal thy wife, thou with men to obtain the' comforts of life and tha shalt not call her Sarai but Sarah shall her name signed by 'the kings seal, that the Jews should be be and I will bless her, and give thee a son of put to death. Mordecai," a prominent Jew and rewards of excellence. n In all my acquaintance I do not know of a her.and she shall be the mother of many nations; uncle of Queen Esther, sent a copy of the decree who wants political office, but I do know but my covenant I shatt establish with Isaac,-whicthe queerij: and besought her to go : before- - the ' who their believe sisters have Sarah shall bear unto thee." Thus showmany equal rights king and make supplication to him for her with men to strive, for the blessings of life, and ing that the covenant was nude between Abraham people. She, answeredjiimthat there wasa law who think that the quantity and quality .of work and should go into the king's covenant the without made to them and their posterity. court who was not called, under the penalty of theompensatjon, ' We to sex. find next that in the days of the Judges, death, unless he should hold out to them the regard the We. are seeking the elevation of woman, children of Israel came to Debo(4" Chap.) golden sceptre, and she had not been called. to --in fact rah, a prophetess; a ;orae unto the king for thirty days. But with morally, intellectually, socially, politically in every way. We' would not destroy or impair Judge in Israel, and through her the Lord spoke characteristic faith and heroic courage she ent to-to his people. At one time she sent for BarakL jwjxdjfoi a single- womanly instinct. We would cultivate ' leader-o-f and improve evjryjittnbuteJJiMJorm. the the aTmjvaniTsa gether and fast and pray in her behalff and said 61. Israel, commanded, saying, is not she, t(l will go in unto the king,-whicperfect discontent in any heart that now enjoys the sweet Go and draw towards Mount Tabor, and take according to the law,and if I perish, I perish." was rewarded. She tranquility of home, but we wou'd place in the with thee ten thousand of the children of Her noble found favor with the king, who held out to her the hands of women who are battling among men for Naphtali and of the children of Zebulon? And Barak said unto her, "If thou wilt go' with existence, the ballot, to make them equal in the golden sceptre, listened to her petition and me, then I will go but if thou wilt not go with me fray. Intelligence, refinement, purity and grace granted her request. Thus through her influence are first among the gems we, seek. Equality and then I will not go." And she said "I will surely her people were saved, and their enemies ' confounded. go with thee, notwithstanding the journey thou , justice are the watchwords of our cause. May takest shalt not befoTthine honor, for the Lord When the Lord designed to raise up Samson they find lodgment in your hearts and utterance shall sell Sisera into the hands of a woman. And to deliver Israel from the bondage- - of the from your lips in favor of human freedom. Deborah rose and went up with him." This "Philistines, it was to a woman the angel was sent More music by the baud and. Mrs. Martha prophesy was fulfilled by Jael, the wife of Heber and to whom instructions were given. She told Horrie linger read in a verv easy and grac the Kenite, slayingJSisera their enemy while, he her husband, and when he also desired to seevoice perfectly, mod u lated , ful manner, ..with was asleep in her tent. Thus through a woman's the angel, he appeared the second time to the cleaFand distinct, an able and efiectiveessay, . did Lord the L . the 1 deliver r enemies of His 'woman, who called her husband, and he then TT agency If isaueiia wriueu uy uer momer, xurs. xu. into their hands. talked with the angel, but was afterwards afraid, people iRorinturft women', nrovinor Home,, unon x D 1 I Another beautiful instance recorded in the saying, '"We shall surely die because we have clearly their influence and power- - by practi seen an angel of God." But his wife exhibited 27th chapter of Numbers of the Lord giving cal examples. equal rights to woman. Zelophehad, one of the greater faith and force of character,and comforted Mrs. President, Ladies and Gentlemen: ' ' heads of the families ofTsrael,"died in the wilder him, saying, "If the Lord wanted to slay us In presenting a few of my ideas upon the ness, leaving no son, but five daughters. They, He would not have received the burnt 'oiTerinjrs at our hands and shown us such things. desire to prove to the satisfaction of my hearers, An exemplary instance of woman's wise counsel if you please, stood before Moses and Eleazar that it is not the Great Creator, our Heavenly the priest, and all the congregation, and said and sound judgment being the, ,mfian&oa!!ayra Fatberr wha has ' ' VVlw s h. o.u 4ih e -- AXLinten&i oemgrtiHtihebnseortheower away frbm among Jiis family because he hath I the 25th' chap, of the First Book of Samuel, that he has commited to her brother, man, that no son? Give unto us, there fore a possession I When Nabal a Crmellite, through his churlish- has kept her back, and placed her on such an unamong t fie brethren of 0 ur JatherJ' would se e m ness had insulted David and provoked his anger I do To call will the this, atten equal footing. from reading the circumstance that even the to that extent that he ha"3 determined to take his tion of this intelligent company to incidents v great prophet and Moses, was not soldiers and entirely destroy Nabal and all his in Bible history, which will tend to convince the certain clearly upon the subject of woman's rights household, Abagail,the wife of Nabal, who is rep unprejudiced mind that God, with His superior and privileges, for we read, "And Moses resented as., a . beautiful woman and of good brought intelligence is no respecter of jersonslhal-H- e the cause before the Lord. And, the Lord spake understanding, Tiastened to take a peace offering f "created and placed His daughters side 'by side unto Moses, The of and daughters before saying, Zelophehad David, and with wise present herself. with His sons, and both are equally responsible, speak right. Thou shalt surely give them a and judicious pleadings assuaged" his anger and intelligent and useful respective spheres. possession of an inheritance among their father's persuaded him to relinquish his purpose. And our Mother Eve was placed in the brethren; and thou shalt cause the inheritance When of David said unto Jieriilessed. be the --Lord God--- of garden of Eden she was for a helpmeet to . her. their father - to pass -- unto nhemT" . a Israel which sent thee this day to , , 1.:.-- , r "J . U.Vt J nui. ins i auu me same uusuauu, oiessmsrs And be it servant, shall - unto the children of Israel a And blessed be thy o advice, aud blessed be' thou were conferee, the same promises given to her as statute of judgment, as the Lord commanded which has kept me this day from cominsr to shed to the man : and when she yielded to temptation, "blood; "Tmis should woman's influence ever be Si,! 1f"' sne was equauy Another instance where God called a woi guilty ana just as severely.cen- used to a vert e vil and establish peace. r ..' sured and punished as he, which would not have to fill an important in was the case of position We also read in the New Testament that many been" jiist.had she' been a less intelligent; and re Miriam, Moses' sister. In the 6th chap, of Micah. women were fellow-laborewith the Apostles in sponsible being. Although Mother Eve has been in reproving the people, He says, For I their ministry, and to whom they refered with brought greatly censured for her disobedience, ' as the thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed much honor and j?s pectv LQ at- - 5a vior - was a text ws. it was onlv after she had , - - wo-wa- h . htoarirwrnan Sarahjjnginatliei e-should-determine " -- " for-judgmen- t, w'omanhcuad-V-'ouldHiotowettJ- for-she-- - was yx self-sacrifi- . ce . . 1 - 1 1 1 l- 1 I 1 . Jt a-fe- law-giver- -- in-the- ir ' .i-- -- jnte."' ' V -- rs " bernmp wouT3 make one wise, even as the gods, knowing good and evil, that she had ; the courage to partake of, the . fruit, willing, to sutler the penalty if she could gain increased wisdom and knowledge. While we do not desire to sanction disobedience, it is to her spirit of progression that we are indebted fcr the opportunity of gaining that experience and knowledge that will enable us to return and dwell in our Father's presence. And the characteristics "she then exhibited have been transmitted, to her daughters, for to the true woman no sacrifice is too greatvno suffering too severe,if it will result in good to her posterity and the, elevation of the Viliivin - :Jonvinccd-rtrarit- '- , '" f Am Later in the world's history when the Lord thejutisfth - -- onlhe earth greatfriendtowomanwheHe-was fore thee Moses. Aaron and Miriam and appeared to her and gave her the first commis- Huldah was also anotlier prophetessv.to whom Llsfon Lafter kresurrectionayiDg,' GatellmyTirsi the priests and scribes came for The word of the I have risen." Woman never deserted Him ciples Lord. in His hour of trial, but was last at the cross and We have another beautiful illnstratioa of first at the grave, while His Apostles each went woman's fortitude, courage and as their way one of them e,ven denying Him with an also herJpliUcajjin - oath for fear of; the muli Esther. When the wicked Ha were faithful and true. Ahasuerus the king to have all the Jews, her These are but a few of the many instances conand women; children men, people, pulto death tained in the Scriptures of woman's influente in and to take their spoilj for their prey, he said to public as well as private affairs. In presenting the king, "There is a certain people scattered these few items of history for your consideration, abroad and dispersed amonz the people id all I have endeavored to show that woman's sphere the provinces of thy kingdom, and their laws are is not necess.irily confined to the home circle.but diverse from all people, neither ke that her Creator designed her to kines laws ; therefore it j5,,,riOUfbr-,,thkin- s helper to man in all the affairs of life. And when self-saerific- e. " . 