WOMAN'S EXPONENT placed in a heavy oak box and tenderly lowered into a cement vault. The grave vas dedicated by Apostle F. D. Richards, the grandfather of the , child, after which in a short address he thanked J the many friends"for theirloving aid and respect shown during the long illness of the little one, and especially thanked the children of the Primary of which Mabel Was a member, for the prayers they had offered for her during her. dad for attending the funeral in a body to take' the last look on earth of their little playmate and companion. 7' The writer also extends the most sincere sympathy to the bereaved and lonely ones. "Oh, may He guide and bless and keep you ever, , '. -- He who is strong to battle with your foes; Whoerer, fails His love can fail you never, : And all you need lie in His wisdom knovvi," be- wth,y otr-M -- - . : '. Dear Sister Zina D. 1890.-- y J5 s.Pjn9iield3bere.I felt, The day previous the 24th, of June was the day the Prophet Joseph and his brethren left the city for the prison at Carthage. Dr. Levi Richards said that Governor Ford had promised to parade ITEMS OF HISTORY. Salt Lake City, Sept, 21st, Soon came" the official order for the Prophet Joseph to go with some of his, brethren to the prison at Carthage. The air seemed stifling and heavy with expecting we knew not whata curious feeling. The opaline atmosphere, and something like I remember to have seen and, of the sun had pass edy was cause; but very different from what I ex. pected and hoped For, to divert my thoughts; I felt it well to put in some safe place a few of the small articles as might be easily carried with us, knowing too well that the spoiler was not far off. Better than earthly presence, e'en the dearest, It the great blessing that our partings bring; For in the loneliest moments God h nearest. And from our sorrows heavenly, comforts sprinc : If God be with in." t-- - JiL:ll-w-LI- d ay-Go- T had left, for tlie help of the poor, some not rich aIs. he! ped in some way, as.; did all the faithful saints; but the brethren who served, and needed most to keep up their strength of course had least as is, and has been the order of times in all history. Traitors and spies on every hand; but prayers- with watching, was not at all abated; this kept up the spirits and faith of the workers the good spirit being surely with them. ' - young: You are aware after what I said, that I am not , going to write anything like history that is already done; but merely to notice a few of the many incidents so fraught with danger to the servants of the Church especially; and the whole people of the Latter-da- y Saints in and around the City of Nauvoo. ; I presume you must remember the peaceful times at Nauvoo when the Legion , was parading, r and Joseph in command, his noble, bearing and fine appearance, mounted- - on his .fine horse, sword in hand giving orders to those . around of his staf!7 I was seldom out from the little jplace called home never far alone; but the dayJ saw this first to me, . and as it proved last show of the Nauvoo Legion as I have just described. I was fortunately placed in a very good position for observation in front of Mr Daniel Spencer's residence high enough to see well around; every available placewas filled with ladies nicely, some elegantly dressed, looking as happy as the day was fine ; and as if all things would harmonize henceforth to have peace. But this was not to be the case those who can recall to memory the sad and painful events of the Prophet Joseph before the, Carthage Grays; which he did, up and down the ranks. Dr, Levi also said that Governor Ford could not raise his eyes to look Joseph in the face, nor above the shoestrings of his, Joseph's shoes, the Governor kept looking with his head down; was it any wonder that he felt guilty. 7 These good men had influence to persuade these people to leave their wrongs to a good and just God, who would in His own time and manner avenge-these:ct5-rand''-deeds'- turned to the Doctor who was then standing by the couch where he had ome: time back thrown himself to rest almost tired to death from the recent journey, he, the Doctor turned from the door after speaking to the man: and stood with Ijis hands straight down from his sides clenched, the fingers together,"a habit he had when strongly moved his eyes fairly blazed I felt strangely almost stunned. -- I said unthinking you look as if you could fight, I could he said, not another word. The Doctor hastily, put on his coat, 1 also put on s r.ne additional wraps and walked with him to the house of Dr. Willard When I said the eyes of Richards. Dr. Levi Richards fairly blazed, his eyes were not very bright, light blue, and after a fever at tvvenly.yeats.ot agehad taiisfiLissea.cQntinuaUy when I saw this, I could not speak except as I did it mademe feel strange as joli'may suppose, especially after the usual and ever composed manner the Doctor had at all times and circumstances in which he might be placed; but was it any wonder, when we look at the strange events which caused these feelings? . Dr. Levi Richards was devoted to Joseph as a friend, not to speak Joseph's, divine misb'j sion, having known him so long and enjoyed his t speak. I , society ?ithJs!,,;e to call him his own physician; and used him as such on some special - occasions, having proved his faithfulness and skill in some critical seasons, as well as in other capacities. Joseph loved him well as one of his chosen friepds, and a follower of righteousness.- . Then we all know what followed this eventful day of all days in this dispensation. - AFTER THE DEATH OF JOSEPH. The time you spent with me some weeks since, were led to refer to some you;. remember,-wThe previous evening I was thinking of the .if of the scenes now long since past in which we as events passing, and walking near the cottage " as were deeply a: where the ground being soft from the recent fains, jwtll others, I did not hear until I found myself midst to me at the eventful time after the Prophet was I number of a of men, thought who are these? back from' Carthage and the efforts of brought what does it mean? then the thump of a heavy those brethren,who had influence to keep back staff as it were, came near, my poor courage be. the in-th- e gan to wilt as I stood still some one spoke to me, it seemed a familiar voice, still the shade of the evening kept me from seeing things around me, then I soon found these men were friends; the thumping came from Brother Orson Spencer's foot; these men were returning from Carthage prison released on heavy bonds to keep the peace; (Heaven save the mark) when these men came away some of the brethren remained with the Prophet at Carthage prison, some one called out that sncceeding iime, there is Doctor Richards, who was just nearing pressionof the vile publication the JVauvoo Ex the door of his home about to enter, he turned po$ilor,Wxz continued evil work of thesebands. oL round rbuh7thfShush waTno " to means on their every carry tfalloTssieBngy he went in at the door; he was one of , purposes to destroy the Church ; and scatter the the doomed ones to be shot. Spies were in every people, if they could not lead them to destruction ; corner of the City, now under- - martial law. and continually and by" all means, seeking to take That day when what I have named was' going the life of the Prophet. False, brethren in the on, I kept looking out from time to time, a dull city ; traitors and foes: without thus in every way e silence as I atmosphere wasT to riistressirigThe people. , me under the brightness like what I remember to Dr. Levi Richards and Lorenzo- Snow with have, seen and felt some mournful time of my ; ' many more kept watch and setting guards for the ' life. l ry- 'past of the people; the mud afterthe rainup safely The night came I could not sleep so 1 walked to their knees, (such mud I never saw the like in back and forth, a strange feeling kept with me I any place or in any country I have been in.) , said to myself, what can this be? The, brethren These brethren had to take their swords' at their are returned from prison and for the present sides whengoingo this duty of setting guard in danger is averted. Then some of Milton, and the evenings. The Doctor asked me if I had Milman's poems nvould come jomymemoryor to hold theirs words; the anyjhi ng io Jerye-as-sashpersecution of the Waldenses. But the lines: I had but one thing I thought might answer the of Milton especially came to me again and again, present purpose, a scarlet cashmere scarf this I would not leave ms for any other. gave as the only article long and strong enough. The provisions were getting shorter, this was a "0 Lord avenjje thy slaughtered Saints. sad look out for the poor and sick;, one poor old Whose bones lie scattered on the Alpine Mountains cold." - A boa t ciockrsoas'yionrfcc sekM'al ih e 12 aoF or provisions, we also gave the only two oxen we I opened it, there stood a man .bat scarcely able - -- and-atd-hu- sh idle-word- . before-saids-Th- - : es -- indignant people for a little season and quiet them, so as to await the return of those absent; but who hadbeen sent Jbrjvith Jiaste Richards being the ThesTew, principal; and who had just returned from the scene of the murder unhurt except a biTfrom the tip of one ear, Judge Phelps another, and Dr. Levi Richards, and other brethren who only returned from the prison a short time previous whither he had accompanied ToseDh with snmo other brethren; but who were released on heaw conas 10 keep tue peace. :.I.had just left the plaee:wrrerei to be; and went with-D- r. Levi Richards to vl(! the body at the Mansion where it lay then in a ruCMt0Vere(3 IVbJack velvet. The Dr. left me to go quickly and help the others as I have sH4j9.?!.ef soJ. sood some moments with a fixed and painful attention; then turned -- "to -- follow my husband, but not until I had given once more n , last lingering look at the sacred contents of the rude casket, as I turned to leave I saw Emma Smith as she walked back and forth in the court of the Mansion; She spoke to me and I answered her; and then continued my way to where the meeting was to be convened near by. bomsume m the August follovt-ithis and after Brigham Young landJotherLApostle's-Jia- d returned from their missions a meetincr was hell " in the grove. , There the meeting was begun, I do not iusf remember how as I was not anions: the Deoole I stood on the left side a little in front of the stand close beside the crowds the tEia speaker Sidney Rfgdon with some others swaamg m a wagon box with backs to the stand DrT-Willar- n 