WOMAN'S EXPONENT 81 ' r Editor. iemi-mantbl- f-- Jrt Entered at the Second Gast Mailer. . s. . . Crrr. Utah. patience and resignation, her faith in prayer, all these beautiful traits in her character are indelibly impressed upon those who were near to the little one during her affliction and whose hearts were wrung with grief for her sufferings Xast Chiistmas Eve she "had a kind of nervous shock, but her case was not considered serious until sometime afterwards; though she could not play like other children, and a little playhouse . was built for her in which she could amuse herself without being In this pleasant way she spent many happy hours with her little sister, cousins and friends, it was fitted up with everything in the way of child's housekeeping dainty and pretty. It" is deserted now and its little owner has gone where there are delightful- places, and no more sorrow nor any pain and all tears are wiped away.; Mabel made her last visit to the Primary on the 25th of May Iast,she wanted to see the children again and they were , anxious to see her, for she was a favorite with them all ; the children always prayed for her and she felt the benefit and blessing of their prayers. On the 22nd of October at 10:30 in the morning after many weeks of painful suffering to the" be- --; loved child and agonizing suspense on the part of parents and relatives, who tended her so carefully, and watched every change that took place, little Mabel Clare passed peacefully away, leav- mg an aching void in the hearts of those, who the mos t intense affection, Suchl . scenes and events baffle all description, but the -Latter-day Saints have an abiding hope that buoys 1 them up under the most severe trialsv Brother and Sister Richards were overwhelmed with grief but all that tender and true friends could do, was extended to them with the deepest sympathy in their sad bereavement. The funeral was held at the family residence on the 24th of October at 2 p. m., a large number of friends and relatives assembled among whom 7 were the Primary children of th e Second Ward of Ogden to which little Mabel belonged. The casket containing the beautiful body from which the spirit had departed was pure white emblematic of the purity of the little one who lay there as if asleep ; was literally coyeredwith. gilti oif loving and sorrowing , friends. A silver plate on the lid was engraved with the words: . 0?ce in SM Lake C7y, L77,a. November is, ALTTlrAKE-Ct- T became a member of the Primary Association when only two years'old, and ever loved dearly to attend, often reciting little verses when sa small she had to stand upon a chair. In character she was specially loving and lovable, devotedly fond , of-h- er father, mother, little brothers and sisters, grandparents and all her friends and play mates, always anxious to share any delicacy or pleasure with others. She was one of those rare, precious spirits too pure and tender to dwell long upon earth, but who give U3 a glimpse of the angelic purity and love of the heavenly world. Such an one was Mabel Clare. Her gentlene-- , ' ' proposes. from The whole concern is a ridiculous farce first to last, it is an experiment that has so far proved a failure; it has been in operation four years and reports at the present time nine inmates, rather an expensive experiment indeed. The Industrial Home might with all propriety be lile&J'An Experiment Station,'' PUBLISHER V05TAN'3 EXPONENT, Salt Lark ... still-exist- . , . -- Published in Salt Lake City, Utfth. Tenns: eta. No one one gna copy copy sijc months, year, J1.C0; delivered redaction made for clubs. City papers by wall, extra for postage one year, 25 e ta. Advertl.dng rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil epace, one tliri, 2.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal discount to regular ftdrertusers. Exponent oce, No. 25 E,, South Teccple .Streetsecond gate east o! Deseret New.i Office. Business hours froiad) "era I to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday- - ' I' Address all business coamunicntiom to : "...y through the streets of their great cities, desolate, forsaken and abandoned to a fate worse than "' death. ..vMormon women voted in the public assembly in the Tabernacle on the 6th of October last to obey the law of the land, and that vote' from suerr women can be relied upon; notwithstanding Mrs. Ferry's insinuation that polygamy But tliese same "Mormon" women are a very in dependent class, and are not at) all likely to take advantage of the situation the Industrial home Woman's Exponent. EMMELLSU B, WELLS, ; Up. EDITORIAL NOTES. AN EXPERI- - THE' INDUSTRIAL HOME : ' ME NT. On the 31st of October Pres. M, I. Home went to Morgan to attend the Sisters' Conferences. On the afternoon of the same day the Conference of the Primary Associations Was held, Saturday the Relief Society and Sunday the YL. M. I. A. Sister Home addressed each of these Conferences and her visit and instructions were much appreciated by those who were present. Sister Home returned home on Monday Nov. 3rd. ". We sincerely hope that all "Mormon" women have read or will read the report of Mrs. Jeannette H. Ferry, President of the Industrial Christian Home Association in this Citypublished Nov. 7, in full in the Dtserct News. A meeting to elect officers for the ensuing year was held Nov, 5, at which time the President's report for the year The report includes the following preamble and resolution adopted by the Association in Feburary last. Whereas, The Industrial Christian Home building is nearly completed, thereby affording opportunity for the opening of industrial depart ments in accordance with the original plan of the, : v' association, therefore,-- ' past was-submitte- d. Resolved, That a committee of four be appointed 0 f wh i ch vM r s. A ngi e E, e w maja shaU.be with the. Utah Commischairraan,to sion in securing from" Congress an appropriation of 23,000 with which to obtain the necessary instructors and equipments for openi n th e vario us industrial departments contemplated by this association and by Congress in the construction of the Home building." ; So Congress is to be beseeched again for an appropriation of $20,000 this time to aid in establishing industries to make ' JMormon" women who have renounced their faith .. Congress seems to have kind of an elephant on its' hands in the . Industrial-Home- . It is so exercised over the subject of polygamy that it wants to provide for all those who will deny the principle, industrial training. "Mormon" women with very few ejscepUonsJiaye.vhadndustriar fact "Ifainingln fcomes; ot!dr6wn;"rrd.U.-..is.'that cannot be denied that there are not women enough in this Territory to fill the positipnsopen. to them if housekeeping be included. There h scarcely a day that the writer is not asked the question over and over, "where can I get help?" 'Do you know of any one wanting a . situation ?", As for the home being a factor in the solution of the prob'.ern of polygamy, or its suppression we fail to see or comprehend itZMrs co-oper- Sister Elizabeth Howard recently made a tour d through Summit Stake with Pres. Mary Jane and others, holding regularly two and sometimes three meetings in a day. Sister Howard gives a good xeport of the organizations in that Stake. Rock Springs, Evanston and Almy in Wyoming are included in Summit Stake and Sister Howard congratulated the women in these towns on the privilege of voting. On the 30th of October in company with Pres. Zina D. II . Young we attended the annual meeting of the Relief Society at Lehi, which con-v- e ned at jo i n the morning and" 2 HrT the af Mrs. Rebecca Stanching presiSing. The annual report was a very favorable one, the meeting was well attended and a good degree of the HolySpirit was manifest. The next morning ac- -. companied by Mrs. Standring we. went to American Fork where two meetings were also held that day by special appointment, and the same good spirit prevalledJBhhop Geo. Halliday was pre's-en- t at both meetings, and in the afternoon Pres. Paxman of Juab Stake. Both these brethren adAt-woo- ate self-supportin- over-fatigue- - g. -- tet-noo- n, jJugeritrr ; dressed the congregation, testifying to the good teaching and efficient labors of the sisters in the Relief Society, and encouraging all to press in the fulfillment of duty. The November election that elicited so much .enthusiasmaaaong the people heretsvrTaird the votes have been counted, showing over 9.000 majority .for the People's Party, which was to be expected in view of the prevailing sentiment and ucsire tor nonesi representation. Hon. John T. Caine may proudly congratulate himself on the success of the ticket; it proves the high11 esteem in which he is held as the Territorial Delegate in and the confidence of the vast Ferry her report says, majority of the "Able statesmen in Congress considered this people in his integrity and uprightness to their movement an effective and essential factor in the' interests. John T. Caine cannot truthfully be solution of questions involving the purity of vp-- - accused cf he is wholly impartial man,the sacrednessof the home and the peace and wuca. me interests ot the Territorv are con . safety of Jhe Arnencan Republic." siuerea. The. :c&ns"ciences of Congressmen have" been terribly wrought upon because a fcv womr.n from religious conviction hidxonsented to enter into a. ARDSr ' relation such inarriageA beautiful child in face, in form and in that occome ana the mothers of children practised native grace that gives the tone of and enjoy the privileges of a home-th- eir gentle refine- righteous ment to the manner and temperament was little souls are sorely vexed while hundreds cf women Mabel Clare. Lovelv too in di.snnctiJnn without Ihome?,; protection or shelter, zander Ijgiouslyinclinedin her on-war- . d a 4jrtrttfa-rtrowers,fli- Mabel Clare Richards, 1 ftelingandjsjhi LouisaLetrua Peer .. - siheTI C. Richards and Richards. s, AlifiS daughter of :CharIes " one-sidednes- d. Bom at Ogden, May 12, 18S4. Died at Ogden, Oct. 22, 1 8oo. Our precious Mabel; she leads us Heavenward. The funeral services were very affecting, the singing soothing and sympathetic; the opening prayer was offered by Elder Jos. Hall, and consoling and inspiring remarks were made by Elder ' i ft T"V -ea- -rKicn, T-- i Uishop-Stratford- , Elder F. J. Cannon and Bishop. Mc'Quarrie. The speakers alUlludedto the lovely disposition and gentle spirit of the little girl. The benediction was pronounced by Pres. Middle ton. A long cortege followed the hearse to the grave. On-arWvis- gtheln 