WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the sisters are trying to do all the good they can. Pres. Abigail Stevens reported the Olio. Society, and invited the officers of the different branches to attend,a.xceptiop Jo .Jb,e giycnrJii:: Qlio on the 12th of July in honor of the organization of the society. dead. Let us live so that we will be ready, to meet our Saviour let us do rigbt;do we keep the word of wisdom, it is just as easy to ask the Lord overcottretheuse of tea nud coffee as to ask bib to bless it when it is on the table: the clay is coming when ; Satan will- strivo to weaken our bodicj as our faith, let us keep faith, enough to banish the evil spirits. Let us have charity for thoo that have gone" astray, be humble and ' prayerful, pray for our enemies. The; earth is the Lord's and the filing 33 thereof. . , Perkins reported the Mancos Society. Bore a strong testimony, to the work of God. Counselor Annie 'Baily "reported .the Monticello Society. .The general and local - officers were presented and sustained. Stake Coun. Martha Hammond related ber visit to the Conference in Salt Lake City, also the good instruction given there. Gave some excellent advice, to all, but particular to mothers." : ; j y ? ; " Stake : Coun; Josephine C.Wood made a few pointed and exhortive remarks, spoke of : iL..c a. :u:!:.. - .- --. "children. Sisters Mary Burnham, Eliza Kedd, and Harriet Ann Barton spoke in substance as follows. God has given, women an important mission upon the earth. By trusting in God and obeying his servants we will be enabled to gain the good we have set out for. All felt proud of being members of the Relief We have a large field to labor in. Sistef Agnes Allan and Mary B. Adams bore testimony i and exhorted the sisters' to ' - ' .. . .. :. '. . 'Afternoon , session; convened. at 2 p. in. opened with singing and prayer, Sister M. Daniels thought if we followed the example of our Saviour we would be doing right; let us be Jikc little, children humble in spirit and action, spoke of the responsibilities resting upon us in this day and age of tho.i world,. ve suouiu cultivate cnarity ana oot disunion. Let us'not forget our, prayers but .so live that we may meet in the. Kingdom of ourGod. There was a great deal of; good instruction given on various subjects, and a great many testimonies Dornem regara to the truth 01 this gospel and the healing of the sick through bister JElsie iNielseu felt to respond and to keep up with the times. Pres. P. A.. Hammond thought we had a very enjoyable time, and had recieved the Jbest of counsel. J3poke at Fome length upon THE COMING BROTHERHOOD. the great mission of woman, and'the importance of the Relief Society. (MIS3 FKANCES;e. WILIyARD.) .Stake Pres. Jane Walton made closing remarks. Gave the officers a special invitation A synonym for uknight" ' is "chevalier," to attend the reception at Olio in July. and comes from the French lcheval" a horse, Adjourned the conference to meet at Monticello because a chevalier rode "on horseback; those in Aug. who tilled the ground were, called villains, ; , .Singing "Oh how my spirit rests etc' fand they walked- - stubbed around on foot- Benediction uv w v lLX4 H VVV w:.AV"-!ijf7 suj.'j;vn w.atr-things; and so the knights thought, themselves of great account because they could gallop off to the wars on horseback. War was the aris tocratic profession and labor was ' something Minu tea of th e O narfprl v very low down. But the good' book 'predicts Relief Society of Utah Stake held in Provo the time when : men shall "beat their swords City, May 30th 1890. Sister Mary John into plowshares and their spears into pruning presiding with her Counselor Marilla Daniels. hooks. In these latter days the; word Conference opened, with singing and has been united witlr "labor,"" and prayer "knight" minutes of former conference read and approved. thus has been formed the right relationship. Pres. John thought the sisters showed their xue irue ine irae cnevaiier, ine irue faithfulness by attending conference, our gentleman,liuigni, 13 the one who works, and not the minutes are good, have heard that Sister one who goes offfighting and Jiillingt people. Johnson is sickhope the sisters will remember ft r? ro73 cftri ft t Via nn,vJ7T W t Xiiyn sinmn rI uer m meir prayers etc. a better civilization, tand something 'of worth ' The diflerent -- wards were represented na oeen uone ior me country in giving it tne by those Dresidinrr nvpr ihom Tdin U. at idea of the "knight" as part and parcel of the auucu luau o 1 1 rzvnUA tr tended : meetings Mcar&z&iU -w .I - J labor: bringin ifeel; wo wnls.lhi Eav U O -- ! 11 if J faith onH nr itu Juo an tne good been opposites, into one thought, and .proving Btrtvmg that lay in their and were looking that the laboring man can be a true gentle power, 4U AUf a man, in all that goes to make up the beautiful "ngnter day lor tne .Latter-dasignincance 01. xaatoxp TVC&iaf A rr-Many and urgent are the questions that the Jeased from her lalm o3 mustihelp wprkmgmen and women -- of : x;ut to decide. on account .But matever pocietyot Ward, limpanogas of may ot having moved from the ward. methods in general, and of special methods, as Br. Graves snnlr w .jiu strikes, in particular, as a,temperance,.womant noped the sisters wouid not give up raisin that the .best strike is to strike I cocoons. Considered he had a mission to against the saloon, and then to; strike against in trying to keep the from ail politicians and parties that do wrong to the dying out, it was a mission given him by Pres . workmgaien. lhese are the two striker that oung and he felt like persevering although he ' will pay. Si:LL:i----was 83 years old. He rave considerable advice The boycott of the saloon3 is the greatest in regard to what was needed in the wav of thing and the most helpful thing that has ever " machinery, to make itsuccess etc. come to the Knights of Labor, or a similar Sister Lucy B. Young, felt that our time organization.; In one of the towns of Illinois a was precious, was rejoiced to a meet with- - us-- ' banker put his private mark on; the money ho Spoke of thft wnrb n TomnL, i.. paid;ou on Saturday night to thewage-workergreat blessing and privilege it was that we of the to wn wko patroniztd his bank, and on reryermititcrgoth Monday night, of the S700 paid out and mark . . -- c , ; 7 -- ' 1 4 g m JL m 1 . 1 y -- i..t to-da- y be-sai- . am-confiden- d t: pre-for- m silk-cultu- re ; - - " -- s ; -- Tf - s wage-worker- the administration of the Elders and the prayer of faith. The spirit of the Lord was with us and we had a joyful-- . time. Pres. John added her testimony to those already borne, felt that we had leen blessed in this, conference,, spoke words mregard to the silk mdustry-etc- . Conference wa3. adjourned for hree months. Benediction" by Sister Eggerstou. . Caroline Daniels, Sec. Society. inc that cram D3. belittles and dwarfs the nossi- buities of the labor. movement in America like the saloons, and some" guilds of workingraeii show that they know it by boycotting the saloons and all liquor dealers, not allowing them to be seated with reputable men whose work bring3 back a good return. M y iAlAOi Ul UUU iUO VIUU r W do well would but mighty, issue; : to study with .temperanceQaestion . the prohibition question. Do well to remember that nine hundred million a year are expended by Our people in America .across the counters of the saloons and in' the liquor trafic. Nine hundred million dollars, nothing of the thos3 who lost 13 would be at by money that :. v . obey'' counsel. , - ' ' ed privately, over $300 had come back to him from the saloons of that town ! There is noth- - toivo-aSU'rengtirt- Jane Treasurer 23 -i-t-the - : ; I ; to-sa- If the - women of the nation had the ballot, nation would they and; the good men of the ' We believe it hold the balance, of power. doesn't make any difference whether a woman is 'a Protestant or Catholic, whether she is black or white, cultured or ignorant, native or We believe that, as a rule, r foreign-borwomen, for the sake of protection for themselves, their children and their homes, stand J We believe solidly against the dram-sbothat prohibition will come whenever woman . . . rn s i Tir .H ii nas tne Dauot. utit in w asnmgton lerruory 11 .1 ..!. iney gave women xne oanoi, anu n was sucn a terror to the saloonmen that they worket!" away with the Supreme Court; and finally succeeded in making out that they had left out a comma, or a semicolon, nerhans. nr som punctuation marK, or else some tittle word, in tne name 01 tne 0111,7 anu so tne oupreme uourt said that the bill was not legal. What hap- pened? There were bonfires and rejoicings in all the cities and towns and villages of Washwere bells ringing, ington Terri not the bells in the steeples, by. a large majority, but the ding dongiug of all the old cow bells and sheep-bellThere they- could get. -wbecrtobe'Baa on tap, placed there by saloonkeepers? and a great jubileo from one end of the Territory to anothen Who gotrit" up? The saloons. Why did they get it up ? It was their celebration to think that the women had lost the battle. Tell us what the liquor men are afraid of, and the temperance people want it, and it is sure to be friendly . n. p. . 1 1 1 . 1 s - T 1 , - - The workingmen are going to give us prohibition by their votes; but, after they have dri ven the nail of prohibition in a sure place, they will need the hammer of woman's ballot to rap it into -- place so that it would hold strong and steady and durable. 7 "" Another vital issue in the labor question is that of the wages of women. "Alas rthat g6TdsHbiTd Be sodcar," And flesh and blood so cheap. We readnabout women in Chicago who make twelve shirts for 75 cents, and furnish their own jhread;.ab elegant cloak for four cents; about children wbo work twelve bours a day for 61 a week; about some women iwhpjtre glactO;.gt-..th'e chance that offers six ,cent3 for four hours' work. Things like these our papers are full of, and other things too bad to tell about. Now, many people say that they do not be lieve in paternal government. But we believe in a paternal and a maternal government, and that if a few more women had isomething to do with the anairs there would not be so many white slaves in Chicago. lo be continued.) '"Miss Eleanor L. Fleurv. of the London School of Medicine for Women, ha3 a record in" three colleires of the hicrhest honors that a woman medical student can attain; 