WOMAN'S EXPONENT!. G8 Exponent WOMAN'S EMMELISE B. WELLS -- Editor, in Suit Lake City, Utah Terras: Published n copy one yenr, fl.OOpoiw copy six months, W) cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, ' extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising raUs: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil A. liberal discount ipace, one time, S2.,rK); per month, f 3.00. ' ' to regular advertisers. ExrONENT office, No. WE., South Temple Streot,?second I5uine hours f row 10 a.iri S ate cast of Deseret News Office. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday- : , to Address all business communications .'PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, semi-monthl- " Salt. Lake City Utah. Entered at the roil in Suit IJake City, Utah, a Office Second Clax Mailer. Salt Lake October City, 1890. 15, The first Annual Conference of the Primary Associations was held in the Assembly Hall in this City Sunday evening Oct. 5, 1890 commenc ing at 7.30. Mrs. Louie B. Felt presiding. Her Counselors Lillie T. Freeze and Clara CjCannon were both present. The house was crowded to The overflowing with brethren and sisters. would as instruct was such both old and teaching Pres. were The Louie B. Felt, young. speakers Z. D. Lillie Coun. T. Freeze, Pres. H. Young, B. from Sister E. Wells. Report Cache Stake P. A. by Sister Jane E. Molen and from Utah Stake P. A. Sister Sarah E. Guff. Sister Cornelia H. Clayton, offered her resignation as Secretary which was accepted, and Miss , May. Anderson chosen to fill the vacancy. The meeting was an interesting one throughout, and must be a source of great satisfaction to those who are laboring so diligently for the children of Zion to feel that the work is gaining ground. or any other number of plural marriages have during that period been solemnized in our temples or in any other place in the. Territory. One case has been "reported, in which the "partiesalleged that the marriage was performed in the Endowment House7trTSalt Lake City, in the spring of 1889 but I have not been able to learn who performed the ceremony; whatever was done'in this matter was without my knowledge. In consequence of this alleged occurrence the Endowment House was, by my instructions, taken down without delay. Inasmuch as laws have been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws have been pronounced constitutional by the court of last resort, I hereby declare my intention to submit to those laws, and to use my influence with the members of the Church over which I preside to have them do likewise. " There is nothing in my teachings to the Church or in those of my associates, during the time spccified,-whiccan reasonably be construed to inculcate or encourage polygamy, and when any Eider of the Church has used language which appeared to convey such teaching he has been promptly reproved.. And I now publicly declare that my advice to the Latter-da- y Saints is to refrain from contracting any marriage forbidden by the law of the land. . THE RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. h SEMI-ANNUA- CONFERENCE. L During the morning exercises of October 6, the Conference of the third day of the Church, after the Authorities of the Church had been sustained by unanimous vote. President Woodruff proposed having the Articles, of Faith read, and Bishop O. F. Whitney was called upon and read them to the congregation; after the semi-annu- al reading, Wilford Woodruff, President of the Church , of Jesus Christ of y Saints. President Lorenzo Snow offered the follow ing: I move that, recognizing Wilford Woodruff as the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, and the only man on the earth at the present time who - holds the keys of the sealing ordinances, we consider him fully authorized by virtue of his position to issue the .. Latter-da- APOSTLE FRANKLIN D. RICHARDS. Said: Beloved brethren and sisters. I move that we, as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in General Conference assembled, do accept and adopt these Articles of Faith which Bishop .Whitney has now read' as the rule of our faith and of our conduct during our mortal lives. It may be thought that it is superfluous to offer it b mind that we have a rising generation since this was last presented to us, that are coming to years of judgment and understandings and we wish tj have " p66r, bond" and free," that have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and in these -- chance1 td: exp1rels articles-to their vote, if they wish. The vote to sustain Brother ' was unanimous, which is dated September 24th, 1890, and that as a Church in General Conference assembled, we accept his declaration concerning plural mar-triag- Cash received during the last 'six months, ' Property, 3,241,63. Wheat bushels, 660. Cash to purchase wheat, $117,87.' Profit on labor . during the last six months, 576,17. Disbursements. Cash devoted to Charitable PurP0ses, $4,112,20. Property ,to Charitable pur- -, poses, 2,568,67. To Emigration in cash 1 120,16. To Temple $215,80. Property to Temple, $30.2$." Deseret Hospital cash, $223,00, Property 3,90. ::Casb; 47. Books, Cash, $102,77. Building, Cash, $987,- $5,-980,- Home-Industries- es ' asinth " The vote to sustain the foregoing motion was Q. CANNON n Spoke in reference to the manifesto, giving the reasons for its having been issued by President Woodruff. His discourse will be published in full in the Deseret News. ' 7 !""T" President Woodruff, as doubtless the members of --the Conference are iiware, has felt himself called upon to issue a manifesto concerning certain things connected with our affairs in this Territory, and he is desirous to have this submitted to this conference; to have their' views or it, andBfsliop "fiPfcssniloncefoing will read this document now in your Whitney : : hearing. Concern'. Who had been deeply affected during the presentation of, and action upon the official declaration, also expressed himself on the samesubject. His rremarkswere publishedln" Xhz'JDeseret News Press dispatches haying been sent for political purpose from SatrLakC?ty7 which havbien EDITORIAL NOTES. tdely-pubrished-taHb Commission, in their recent report to the Secretary' o.f the Interior, allege that plural marriages are stilt being solemnTzTd and that forty or more suehr marriages hav lune or during the past year; also that in public discourses the leaders of the Church have taught encouraged-an- d urged the continuance "of "the practice of polygamy; The Semi-Annu- Conference of the Relief al Society, Lake City, 00.7.1890,- Mrs. Zina D. H. Young presiding. There was a forenoon and afternoon session, and a large congregation almost entirely .women assemb'ed. Reports were heard from the sisters who presidever the Relief Society in the several Stakes oZjon1anJjherQeeting--wanerfojjisJPr Zina D. H. Young who Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, do hereby, in has only recently returned from a visit to Canada the most solemn, m inner, declare that these also her Counselor Bathsheba W. Smith, the charges are false.- We are not teaching M Kimball, and Pres. M. Isapolygamy' Sarah Secretary or plural marriage, nor permitting any person to bella Horee, Minutes of ihe Corference will be enter into its practice, and I deny that either forty ' in our published next issue. was-hel- d -f- artV-Assemb s y -- .; j;..:.. : ..:: In addition to the above report there is1 reported in Salt Lake Stake, 900 lbs Jour, Tooele Stake, sheep, 100 head, Sevier, Stake, 53 head. Weber Stake, beans, 38 lbs, Davis Stake Co-o- p " Store $25.00. PRESIDENT WOODRUFF. -- OFFICIAL DECLARATION. 596,60. . Saturday Oct. 11. This Conference which was one of great sic-iifficaistr anUoFvast importance to the Latter-da- y Saints, will long be remembered by the assembled multitudeit was adjourned Monday afternoon until April 1891. 14. Cash on hand to date, $11,246,24. Property on hand, 18,265,23. Real Estate, $50,334,61. Wheat Bushels, 41,148. Cash to purchase wheat, $1, ifl7 Said: it May 478,73. mani-,fe$towhich.,ha- PRESIDENT GEORGE Richard's-motio- PRESIDENT GEORGE Q. CONNOX. To whom The totals of the 32 Stake, organizations ofihe Relief Society statistical and financial are as follows: Statistical: members 16,741, meetings held the last six months, 3,096, average attendance, 5,044, No, of branches 368. Financial : Cash on hand at date of last report, 110,890,05. Property on hand at date of last report, 18,616,81. . Real Estate, 50,834.61. Wheat bushels 40,172. Cash to purchase wheat, LETTER FROy. A FRIEND. - I Olio, New Mexico, ' Sent- - rT. iRm OI5TER WELLS! I have not forgotten you and the promise to write now and then, yet I find on reflection that months have passed since my last effort to collect a few scattered ideas for "Our Paper." I believe ..th5 few s,sters of this place are still working in good faith trying to keep alive to the spirit of the times, but it is an uphill road where there is so little material to work with. Our Society had a pleasant reunion on the 12 of July and a few of the leading brethren and sisters of the Stake came to visit and attend the meetings. The Primary also held th eic annual d I understand all had a time of enjoyment-- I was very sick at thjejimej)jutjb "Ofseeinglhe orethren and sisters at my home which was a great blessing to me. While being administered to the second day of "ray illness I was caused very peculiar feelings by the strange prayer that was offered, the burden of it seemed that I rmistsexercjse great patience as well a aith if I wished to recover. At the time J could meet-ing,ah- 