WOMAN'S 149 the judgement of these wise judges, who have un dertaken to interpret the law nx the courts of Womvn's Exponent. EMME LIS 11 & WELLS, EXPONENT. Utah. The decision of judge Bartch in the case of the children of Apostle Orson Pratt, was in accord ance with the facts contained in the Edmund's law, that they were entitled to heirship in the estate of the fither His decision is just and right and strictly in accordance with the provis ions of the law enacted for the adjustment-"o- f such difficulties as were likely to arise in the Courts of law when Congress decided to uproot and dissever all tbe marital ties formed accord ing to the patriarchal or celestial order of mar riage. Sinator Edmunds himself will doubtless be astonished with the decision of Judges Marshal and Anderson, and Judge Bartch has proven his independence of opinion in that he dared to with the other, two Judges. These Judges are not so unanimous in their decisions as the ''Liberals" are in their voting, Democrats, Republicans, Mugwumps, Jews, Gentiles and Apostates all uniting to carry the late elec tion. These people have never ceased to proclaim against the unanimity of the People's Party, but the principle was good enough for them to adoptj and they seem as proud of it as ifjt were not borrowed. , And now we come to another phase of the. days of the Judges the decision of Judge Zane in the leasing of buildings rightfully owned by the Latter-da- y Saints, but now in litigation on ac of the count taking of what was- considered Church property under the enforcement of the statutes of the Edmund's law. Judge Zane confounds tithing with polygamy, the terms are not : '.Editor: -- Published in Salt Late City, Utah Terras: ne copy one year, JLOQ; on copy sbc months 10 eta. No reduction made for cIuLju ''City papers delivered by mail, : extra for postage one year, 2" eta. Advertising' rules: ,, Each square, ten lines of nonpareil t ipace, one time, 2.50; per raonth, f 3X). A to regular advertisers. ExrosENT office, No, ZS E., South Temple Street.,;.seoond "gate est oi'DeSertTKewrOfficc.-- ""Uu.siness'durs'frortf 11 a.m" to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address" business communications to ' ' , rUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, semi-monthl- -- . " liberal-discoun- ' . - ... Salt la ke V Entered at the Pod Second Cl'ixs Matter. Salt . Office in Salt Jake City, Utah, as ' - :. March Lake City, . City Utah. i : disa-agre- 1890. THE DAYS OF THE JUDGES. . The rulings of thUnited States Judges in the Courts of Utah in tlie class of cases that come within the scope of the Edmund's law are to say the least paradoxical. One day the Judge sitting upon the bench decides a case and it might be supposed, establishes a precedent, from the authority of his position, the next case of the same kind is decided exactly opposite, and it leaves one not acquainted with the law in great ; doubt as to which decision, if either is correct. The Edmund's law itself makes the enforcement, of its measures sufficiently severe and painful upon the innocent without any farther, stretching of its statutes and conditions. But these Judges (some of them) do not hesitate to gob.eyond the limit of the law itself, and to declare that the children of a plural wife, which are positively defined in the Edmund's law, as heirs to the father's estate, are illegitimate and not entitled to any , . . -- -- . -- ' - -- synonymous, and have are as distinct -- and separate so far as simi concerned as land and water; yet the larity-i- s Judge imagines that if people pay tithes they will practise or, at least counsel or advise plural marriage.--. The law of tithing was observed part. of.', the .father's, TiT the days of the Israelitsh Judges, and also the The defendants in such disputable cases ought of prevailed f or it is so underif possible to carry the suits' from one court to. practice polygamy and stilt another custom which is not now, another untiljhe Supreme Court of the United stood; rossve4f'4halfw-&meQJudges4oCv-ware, tolcL S tales shall &fcidethlTmt It Is not a trifling that Deborah a mother in Israel "judged Israel who talk so much about abiding and those thing r ::ibityyears"::and-gtet h e ' la ;w S h Quid "be" Cafefal tolfiiakep counsel of Deborah, and who knows but if some able decisions in cases, that are to only an orof these puzzled Judges would seek wisdom from dinary mind as clear, as daylight. One cannot some" good mother in modern Israel, they might help thinking of the old saying "Who shall de-- , be able to undefstand more clearly the problems cide when Doctors disagree?" Now it appears to they are undertaking to solve. be Who shall decide when Judges disagree? j Howe vnnTnMslT uon lormiaaoie as it may seem, liie bupreme EDITORIAL NOTES. Court of the United States. The Edmund's Law of March 18S2 contains this positive statement. A letter received from one of the Utah Dele- ."Section 7, That the issue of bigamous or agates to the N. A. W;S; A. at Washington D C; known as marMormon polygamous marriages, states that the delegation from this City arrived in in cases which such riages, marriages in time to attend the banquet in honor of "Misjr have been solemnized according to the cereAnthony's seventieth birthday, which was a very monies of the Mormon sect, in any Territory of affair, and also that in the morning ses the United States, and such issue shall have been grand sion of Friday, Feb. 21s t, the report -- from U tah born before the first day of January Anno was announced and Miss Anthony prefaced the re Domini eighteen hundred 'and- port with a grand send off, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, . . hereby legitimated." President of the W; SM. of : U tah -'-'walked-up The language is unmistakable and howr Judge to the front in her dignified and stately t manner" Marshall could decide that George H. Cope, son and did our Territory most proud. She was im- - ., . e inheritance, 1. . re erlratelys'trpported-- b not being entitled to-- a share in the estate of his advised the audience to read Mr. Bancroft's His father is one of the most remarkable errors on tory of Utah and see how our people had been in the Third District outrageously misrepresented." Judge Anderson Mrs. Kimball Court on Monday Jan. 29, 1S90 affirmed Judge Mrs. Dougall and her son expected to visit Mt' Marrhall's decision, the case having come up on Vernon, on the 22nd, Washington's birthday. The, appeal from the Probate Court. Delegates are expected In this City by the 7th or' It would appear from the reasoning of these bth of this month, when particulars ortEeir visit two Judges as given in the decisions that they left and-wh- at d asrweil as the Edmund's law out of ths case, whereas ihe ;what they have accomplished in the good cause" Edmund's law was created on purpose, to settle will be given in public, as the regular meeting of these hnbtiy points of the formon" question that the Utah W. S. A. will be held, it is expected on vex the nation at the present time, and unsettle the loth of this 7 : .month. Monday re-cor- d. they-have-s- ( , friends in congratulations, and hopes thai their future life may be bright, happy and peaceful. , v WASHINGTON CONVENTION, " -- ' e - a cighty-threera- On Thursday February 20, 1890 Mr. George H. f lorne and Miss Alice S. Merrill were united in marriage; the ceremony was performed in. the Logan Temple. ..On, the; Monday .following, the 44th, a reception for the newly wedded bride"and bridegroom was held at the residence of Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith the grandmother of "the fair young bride. During the afternoon many friends called offering congratulations, and.par-takin- g of choice and delicious refreshments and in the evening a large party of young people as- - sembled to. honor the occasion.. Among these or thirty of, the Shakespere were twenty-fivClub of which Mr. and Mrs. Home were .mem- -' bers One of the happy features of the party was thecrowning of one of the young girls by the bride with a myrtle wreath. The bride is blind-- . folded and the girls circle around .her and the one on whose head she places the wreath of myrtle is to be wedded next, this is of course a little innocent fun. Mrs. Smith's parlors were profusely decorated vith flowers and trailing vines and there seemed nothing wanting to add to the happiness of the joyous event. The bride who is young and beautiful looked charming (of, course)" her dress was neat and becoming, of white India, silk and made with her own hands, exquisite soft iace.lay gracefully on her neck, she wore a delicate rose in her hair, vines and white blossoms were (prettily , draped from her shoulder to the waist, she was certainly a handsome bride;? the young bridegroom is the son of Mr. Joseph Home and Mrs. Mary Horhe, the bride the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Merrill, all of this City, It is needless to say the wedding presents were numerous, and niany of them elegant. They" start out in life, under very favorable clrcum "stances, and the' wrHerjoinswitfr7h een and-hear- ; annual convention of the Woman Suffrage Association held at Washing .Feb 1819; ton tinguished from those held heretofore by combin : in-- o n e.th.e-tions4hitherto ing known-a- s the National and the American; now- uniting the names, to be called the National- American Woman Suffrage Association. Its officers chosen by ballot at an Executive session of both the National and American are Mrs. Eliza B. beth Anthony, Vice President,' Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery, Recording Secretary, - Miss Alice- - Stone Blackwell, Corresponding" Secretary, Mrs. Lucy Stone, Chairman Executive Committee, Mrs. Jane II. Spofford, Treasurer, Miss Eliza Ward and F. ' .: V H.Hinckley," Auditors. On the first day of the Convention very able and interesting addresses were made by Hon. Wm. Dudley Foulke, the late President, of the American W. S. A. and Mrs. Elizabeth. Cady Stanton President of the National W. S. A. for many year?; there was also an impromptu speech by, Mrs. Harriet StantonJBktchjsajd to have been nite abrifi Mrs. Stanton's address contains many strong The. twenty-secon- d JDCr great-organiz- a : . cess to the movement are carefully marked out and the first one named is, 4The" apathy and indifference of society to all reforms.' At some future time we may give the speech in full in our - columns. -- 3Irs.Stanton-and her daughter :MrsBlatch sailed ' : for Europe the following day. : rAtthe morning sessions after the "first day, re- ports of the delegates from States and Territories came in their order, followed by discussions, and at the evening sessions addresses were . made upon subjects of the utmost improtance ; such as -- 