WOMAN'S EXPONENT. nationalities, r.ngnsn,- irench, Spanish and German and one from Norway, I intended io ' have written up that day at Mt. Vernon, for the Exponent, but postponed it and at the present "' that: way said tim , fi bm myT mind, that I fear it would hot be interesting. Among the items about Utah in .Mrs. PfeifTer's. book, are some that I will quote to show that she was impressed with some things she saw, notwithstanding her prejudices and sarcasms and, the bitterness manifested in some paragraphs: She says, "sought ouV the office of the Woman's IExpOnent, a fortnightlyJ paper deydted to the interests of Mormonism and woman's suflrage,and introduced ourselves to Mrs. Daniel ; ' Wells, who was very kind- to us, and abounding in the information I was most desirous of procuring.- From ber we were able to gather an idea of the aspect which this strange faith presents to the educated minority of its female professors." She then gives some of my history which she had 1 heard in part from a lady at Marntouand closes the paragraph, "Mrs. Wells admitted the fact of the plural marriage, but did not volunteer informa-tio- n on a subject which is naturally ,dejicaje.if for no other reason than th'at polygamy violates the law of the land." "She freely, however, answered all the many questions I put to heron less personal topics." Mrs. Pfeiffer has forty pages in her book devoted to Salt Lake City and Mormonism. She speaks of their visit with me to the Lion House to see Sister Eliza in this way. "After a trifling delay we were introduced into the presence of an old lady with a mild and serious face, spare frame, and the sort of dignity which comes from the possession of and living up to an idea. She had the narrow forehead of a visionary, was upright, and her black dress hung upon her with a certain homely grace. She received us at first quietly and rather coldly." Some few introductory remarks are then given in detail, in which she speaks of Sister Elliza - so-mu- ch has-pne'd- the-editr- ess, - , - .v-w.- ,--. Mr. and Mrs. Pfeiffer also met Sister Elizaat the Gardo- - House, and of her. there in being incapable of holding equal companionspeak ship with her lord ami master. But in the much the same strain. Of the evening spent at third step of human progress which came from witl iconsiderabls tsf.sayaJadwiiwU. ihe alliance ;2"Lfee up. with the remark: races, woman rose into a near state of equaHty, th-rJVul- "All of the several persons we met were perThis change has been going on Until she now ofshares with man in his education, his amuse: fectly and full the most cordial kindness! The impression that Sister Snow meut, his work and his religion, and who made upon us'was. deepened at every interview. cau doubt that this us a 1 believe much higher type of society. All that we ask is that however eccentric her opinions, she "had a selfless purity of motive which sur- : that another. step: ba taken .direction, become that shull woman' the companion of rounded her as a luminous atmosphere. Irs in his man Vells appeared puhlicduty as the has aleermpther, andtbfs stage in almost puliticaraud of her existence a happily detachedjvife, content every other. And now we ask: Why shou Id one hall of the pee pie be excused from in the free exercise of her own activity. Dr. taking part in these great and important ,Romania was a sensible looking wcman who also had found a sphere of action to her mind. We were duties? Why iiia government of the whole allow one half, to its talent iu the earth? sorry to leave the pleasant light and warmth and I maintain that in try a government like ours wothe fellowship of kindly hearts, and however our men have no right to be excused from takinga views of the evil and corruption at the core of full share with men in public affairs. Mormonism remained unchanged, we sincerely When God made man and woman He made regretted that the little circle within the radius of bad- - mrirer and as they-havthat friendly hearth would possibly be called on companionship society has improved. Why to share in the troubles to come. But we had to should it make woman less womanly to deposit in the open goDrBrattpressed-us4y4ake-seat- s a vote, than to put a letter in the post office, buggy which awaited her at the door, but I .women mingle with men iu the streets, feared the keen night air. The hardy old prophetchurches, theatres, balls and parties, they nurse ess felt herself better able to repel its effects, and men in hospitals, sell to them iu shops, this does not make them less femiuine, why should stood lightly shawled, ready to depart with the medical lady, while we took of each other a voting? To my mind it would improve family lingering farewell. I see the tall, slim, sable- - I life as it has already, by common jvork by : robed figure, with the human Jove and longing in "common interest. of The present Queen England has taken a the dim eyes, see it as I saw it then, and shall active. and rcontroling part hi the politics never see it again ;4hough the heart :of the aged iuore of her realmf than any of her predecessors and" priestess which was of those that "hope all things, no one has shown more domestic affection and seemed to tell her we should meet' again." Of her, visit to Salt Lake City, Mrs. Pfeiffer bas interest in her home. By husbands and wives studying public, questions together, her views this to say : will bo enlarged and his improved, it would be 7 "Our days were passed in as much communion a new education to both. Among the ignorant with the Mormon people as we were "able to classes we hear of shocking brutality of husestablish, but the evenings had never failed to bands to their wivest this w because they take Mr. the our to hotel, Goodwin, gentleman bring a savage view of them aud treat them more on whom we had called on our first arrival, who like slaves than wives, give her the vote, let anxious to correct the impressions we might man see that shchas become & person of im-- . well-mannere- d, ; iu-th- with-Mormon- is ; -- -- i , - e: -- . them-eompanio- us sHoimg-'mera- murdered prophet, whosewife she had been." "From this the conversation drifted naturally into subjects cneeted trials its possessors had undergone for their faith. She saw in these trials the seal of its truth; and gradually finding she was talking to willing listeners the fire' kindled and.the old priestess unfolded-t- o us the inner life of her singular faith,expounding, and at last I could not but feel, almost exhorting, in the spirit of a Hebrew, prophetess. The face that had been" cold to us at first, grew full of r human love and pity; the - dim eyes that had looked upon the world for. eighty years were tearful, her voice vibrating with emotion. She was Sorrowful, struggling with the thought that she possessed a treasure of living truth which she was unable to share with those who owned them Hiefves ia Jarie7s7 oiwftB "only that little light ' which is. a "lantern to the feet." I do not envy the condition of that soul that could have watched the earnest face of Sister Snow and not : havei .felt lifted to some meeting place of sympathy far above prejudice and even knowledge, and in spite of the impediment of a repulsive creed." ... All that can.be found in this singular communion,, as food for the higher life, would seemed to have been Seized upon and assimilated by this earnest adherent, who was now giving testimony of it in a full tale of natural and simple eloquence. We were both of us deeply touched; and well we might be, for the situation had in it an element that was indeed pathetic; We wanderers in darkness, only not absolute that it was felt; she, - nearing the end of her pilgrimage; and speaking to us from a height which she had reached by the aid of what, in our eyes was a false: light. Alas for us poor striving children of. men! Who shall have no pity for help us, if in our wanderings we r . . each other." mc- against the Mormons in eloquent periods, which we sometimes recognized in the Salt Lake 7WMhesueeeeding dayr" - THE PRIVILEGES AND RIGUTrf OF WOMAN. e- portance, that lis political leaders treat her and other women with deference because of their votes, aud he will be necessarily led to Trearterw hi msel fh This may seem nonsense to women who live in comfort and elegance, who are treated with courtesy and respect, whose every wish is to those about them a law, but let them remember that there are women burdened with labors, treated with brutality and regarded as What is woman suffrage and what will it require of them"? Go to the polls two or three havmg no rights but nevertheless.-inayheiB- times a year deposit a , ballot and come telligent and worthy of a better lot in life. I was talking with a gentleman to Jay who away. That part of their duty will take perin the course five of a hours or asserts that woman's home indirect influence year. haps Jour That is all the majority of the voters do now, is all in all, that they are a power behind the they go' to the polls find the regular party throne and that they can do more in this silent, ticket and put it into the box. If they are of secret way than any other, I say unless this an independent turn of mind they perhaps means that they influence men to vote as thev scratch out.aJe.srjwrae3.ja.ndJrjserttKefsKlLat? wishpt haalJio bearing nl tha question; that they do exercise a political influing done this they return to their farms or ence privately and secretly, then history shows place ot business of whatever nature, and wohousehold their duties. that this a dangerous sort oi influence. It is men would return to is is what woman a But if this all; gained by power divorced from responsibility, women li orsin would vervJ llftlo Ji have under Monarchies used such secret iu (X.airc9 At first hawk t he "" b cumagi-ie r b a ps most women vot ing th e same -- asb u3- -f - fl uence,- - bu t4 ti:h'a8 u.sual ly been 4isa s t no responsibility for what they did, bands, brother?rratner3 ana sons, rovinarit used-thethe increase ir povverof-persuasioia to procure aii would onIybe vote, but they the more important results of woman suffrage measures for their own interests and that of would follow later. When women have the their families with little thought of public good. No doubt many women have used a right to vote, jhey will find it their duty to " leiim&inSueniiSmi voting but why public! them husabout talk and should with they not do all this and vote? Echo read, study, j ; band and son?, ,thu3 pm.an will become the "answers why. Respectfully, Sakaii S. Boyer. fellow worker with man' in this matter as she haj become his companion in many ether : -- i it-mea- ns . rous-"hav- ing n ex-ami- ne . , ' woman state is the servant the savage s in the Oriental the roan-istate master, and she is the plaything of man, in both these steps of development she is regarded as an inferior. things r . . . . . R. S. REPORTS. UINTAH BTAKIi. , Minutca of the. fourth conference of the -- 