woman's exponent;. that there were many faithful,' energetic sisters in one for each ward with a very little added. "We' the organization; Kaysville R. S.had recently have to help the podr none need be in want; been divided, and she and her' Counselors had spiritually and financially we are in good condi-- : tion," gave excellent iidviceiupon principle and; been invited to attend the meeting when r the EMMELLE D. WELLS, Editor t --and Society was divided J a wife of George D. Watts urged the sisters to hold fast to every prinhad been appointed to preside, she was the , Published in Salt Lake City. Utah Terms: ciple revealed and trust jn the Lord for the outgnecopy .ono year, $1.0(h one cony six months. Wets. No come. . ' daughter of the late Brother Golightly of this 'reduction, made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, Mrs. Adeline Barber Pres. R, S. Cache Stake, City, in her husband's lifetime she had not the extra for postage one year, 25 eta. "as the daughters of our Father in heaven we privilege of attending meetings; the Society in 'Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil that Stake were taking care of the needy and the have a mission to cultivate ourselves spiritually, pace, one time, S2.50. per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. sick and laying up grain and doing their duty as and to comfort each other and bless the sick and ZxrQXZXT office, Ko. 25 E., South Temple Strett,ecoiid far as they had an understanding. the poor. We have also the saving of grain gate east of Peseret News Office. Business hours from 1Q um Mrs. Elizabeth Fox Pres. R, S. Oneida Stake given us to do, the brethren have not encouraged to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. I all in the 20 said there were 18 branches in that Stake and it us much this work. Address all business communication to -- try to visit was necessary to go over a great deal of, ground branches in our Stake once a year, but 1 am I'UBLISIIER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, : f V .".' visit when they visited the whole, but tried to visit all Salt Lake City. Utah. working in the Temple and have less time to once a year. This year Sister E. S. Taylor Pres. .Entered at the .Post Office in Suit Lake City, Utah, as than some others, but I know it is good to visit the sisters and I feel to say to my sisters, look up of Y. L. and Sister Louie Felt Pres. P. A. had Second (Xas$ Matter. '""r and be comforted, and try and do a'l the work made the tour with them and had a very good you can for the dead.prayed we mightJbabjgjoL :.time. Afterwards the Presidency of the Stake November Salt Lake City, 1890. Wo MAN'S Exponent eml-inontlil- " ; . , . ' . ';.7 - " -- , j, . sisters jyorl be blessed, we are prospered this season with would say "Didn't we have a good time when the RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. rich harvests let us not forget to be grateful. sisters were here?" One Bishop who had just orMrs. Emma Jane Bennett Counselor in R. S. 'The Conference of the Relief ganized a R. S. in'his ward was glad for the sake Beaver Stake, they had 5 wards all in good order, of his own wife, she thought that pretty good tesSociety was held in the Assembly Hall in this city October. 7, 1890, commencing at 10 a. m., the sisters, all express themselves satisfied and timony; they held Conference once a year in we visit to our twice a Stake Mrs. Zina D. H. Young presiding. On the stand happy, try year, Franklin, the others were really district conferwith the President; were Mrs. B. W. Smith her there are quite a number of sisters who, dd not ences for the sake of those who could not come sa : us our feel a little too in far to attend. work, perhaps they join , i Counselor B. W. Smith wanted the sisters to Treasurer, Mrs. S. M. Kimball Secretary Mrs, E. young and too old for the Young Ladies AssoB.'Wells Cor. Sec'y. and Mrs. Minerva W. Snow, ciations. We have a Committee to attend to the be sure and comfort the poor and the sick, the and several of the Presidents of the Relief Socie'v' saving of grain; these sisters go out with a team-whecast down and distressed." When Brother Joseph; of the different Stake organizations.' Meeting it is harvest time and solicit donations.. used to come and talk to us, when Sister Emma" ODened with thnt hp.infifnl . . hrmn . We hold our Conferences quarterly and have was President, Sister Whitney and Sister Cleve, J land were her Counselors, committees were realize a weekly prayer meetings from which-w"O, my Father, thou that dwellest." to visit, but we had poverty then and blessing. If we do our duty from day to day the An eloquent prayer was offered by Bishop Lord will make it plain for us. May He bless us were unacquainted with the duties that we have Madsen of Gunnison. Continued by ' in all our endeavors to do good. singing learned since, but my advice is 'never let any one "How firm a foundation, ye Saints of the Lord." suffer that we could look after and help. We Mrs. Sarah M. Pomeroy Pres. Maricopa Stake, so much good counsel and encouragewe are trying to do our duty, we hold Mlnutes of the morning session of the quarterly havejiad April Conferences, and there are a few sisters who are ment we should never have our faith weakened, onierence were read by the Cor. Sec'y. and ap ::: this is a good time, the Lord is prospering his 'prbvfcd.::.:;-:-:-:.!--always faithful. We have had a great deal of work." Singing, Doxology, benediction by Mrs.T sickness in Mesa Ward. The Relief Society, have : i res. .ma xounsr we cornea ihs rnn(Yrl.(r;n built a brick house, it was six months from the Sarah M. Kimball. manner and spoke of the interest time the first brick was laid until it was coming General Conference of the Saints which had Afternoon session, opened by singing,; just closed the day before. "Truth is sweeter pleted." The Y. L, and P. A. are doing a good" "Come let us anew our journey pursue. work. I attended their Confere-nces- . than honey in the honeycomb, and we hav r It was .re- marked-whe- rr ceived so miirh nf- it Sister TIc'DoFaTdieft our place ""Prayer by Coun. B. W. Smith, singing, ins sayduis 01 tne that it would be difficult to get any one to fill her umiUft iuc idM iew aays. 1 appreciate the "Hail to the brightness of Ziohs's glad morning." efforts of the sisters who have exerted themselves place, and I remember saying whoever the preThe Cor. Sec'y. then read the minutes of the to come long distances to attend this Confer siding priesthood select we must sustain, little afternoon of the previous Conference which were ence. thinking it would be myself; and I feel it a great approved, alsp a letter containing a written report m. "orne reported the R. S. in Salt responsibility. I feel well repaid for the Ion of the condition, of St. Joseph Stake from the ataice, said we have 44 branches all wide journey I have taken to come here and attend the President of the Relief Society of that Stake Mrst awaKe: no dithculties in anv nf hm Conference. Willmirth East. demonstrated that our associations are Mrs. Olivia Widerborg Pres. R. S. Box Elder elevating The President of the ; Conference 5Mrs. Zina " icuuency, many hundreds have realized fully that she was standing before-manSrake, blest through the R. S. Young made a few remarks and called for a rep- Spoke of the Savior's true and noble women, who had passed re sen tati ve from U tah . S take. 1M rs t E mi ly CI u ff woras ana exhortations to and urged through much sorrow and-h- ad performedalabdT Counselor gave a good report, said the sisters :&e mraandrnhtrorouTHeavenlv of love. She desiredno ueive a little rerxirt nf th v iwv were energetic in attending meetings and in all ' good earnest sisters father; whom she visited among and; Mrs. Julia Lindsey, Bear Lake good works, the President . and her Counselors Stake ' I feel to tell how much the visits from ' to place place made a point of visiting through the county once ve nave 2 had taught her. There are fifteen branches and luuiuiu,, in 6 months; spoke very nicely ofthe Kanaka branches in our Stake,, it reaches from Woodruff it takes two weeks to go and come. OurPresi-den- t sisters out in Josepha where she had been presidSoda SPrin including Star Vallev' ! of the Stake always fixes up two carriages' ing of late, said those sisters could teach us some we noid our Conferences twice a We visit and invites the President of the Relief year. as often as we can Society lessonsjn promptness and diligence, vuii i; -L- - M,, I .. A. and possibly do so- -it is hard on and S! Assoeia Primary account of the distant . Mrs. M. A. Hyde Pres.TR.. S. Sanpete Stake , , w.iuic- tu nuveiDUi tions, and wx travel together among the people. .. stated there were 18 branches where she presided ,ul wu uicsses our ptfortcv, r.Mr, wut o a t COiaf Cil. Some of them are poor in circumstances do hot ; and she had visited most of them recently, they J mate, long wmters. vl see many here whom 1 have means at their command but Knew in Nauvoo and it they have' held quarterly Conferences in the different towns gives me great joy- .homes and comforts and are living their religion 7 Panguitcli Stake reported alternately ; this year, the harvest had been boun;and keeping the commandments-give- n" fn thA tiful and they were taking'care of the wheat, she branches.Hhe distance -- lotrlfe'r Saints. Sister Harriet Snow left a roodexamnU in;order to visit all is verv W9i . . . . " other interesting subjects and bore a lf.iucbire 10 imitate .her., c au Our Ri;r spoke upon Mrs. Eliza Hall ' r reported the Relief Society of Society; is jn , a strong testimony. good condition. We have our : Mrs. S. M. Kimball spoke of the excellent relut,c "ere io oranches, and all in good "a'7: .. ScajnavianSociety for the sake of the older' condition. port that had been prepared, and the labor it was sisters who cannot speak the Mrs. Mary Pitchforlh Pres. of R. S. language, they Juab S'ake have an io compileit perfectlyrand asked Ihat vote" be emigrationfund 5 branches all in good workinr rstsfeTsThoill have remained faithful since taken whether the whole report be read or only hadormnlrTieen m one ward had the totals; it was decided to have the totals read. recently been meir coming. . .ruo two wards and their d.vjded Dr. R. B. Pratt the Ass't. Sec'y. read the totals Relief Mrs. Susan Grant Pres. R. S. Davis been sdd for Suf5cient build Stake of the R. S. Report and it was approved. means, to I , ' wwajnar ihey had 9 branches in that Stake anc Mrs, Temperance Hinckley Pres. R. S. Ban r . - semi-annu- al -- . e ; ' - : . - ; i-a- ke r- . b-- en ; well-doin- g kP g ; lh: -- -- fu - .. ? 