WO WKN 9 S "EXT 0 E N T . 122 world Lucy1?" anid : Hepsie to her friend, who had come in to say good ;bye, and to. confide some iaHepsie, whom she was sure would ft el maksympathy for her in the struggle she was never could have believed you could ing the sake of a diffegive up Henry's love for ' ring in religion." "I gave him up for the truth" replied Lucy quickly, "and I trust I shall be faithful to the cau?e I have" espoused; it is something higher and better than our ministers preach- - Hepsie,-'anwith the favor of cannot Be compared ... iAna-e- t men, or the richer of the world you could not convince Henry, with all your eloquence, and your own heart pleading for him too, and such devotion as youjiave always ekowji him? 1 fjo not see how he could give you up, I cannot understand him, nor- you either Lucy, for that matter.. I thought love overcame all obstacles, all differences, in; rank, in tentiinent, and in religion." you were my "ou see now how mistaken will be a true little friend, and I hope you friend to me in this, for you can do me a great favor if you will?" "What is it pray?" thd girl responded quickly. "Never mind now dear," you will be coming home again soon, and then I will tell you all." And so. they "T'"" parted. During the journey back to her sister's Hep?ie was silent and thoughtful; as she had heard so much in a few hours, and it had all M- - e..,... .J i an incessant talking about the "Mormons" his ' wile seemingly acquiescing in what he said, though in a very difierent spirit from his. Hepsie inwardly resented, the way in which he alluded to the Elders, knowing her mother looked up' to them with such reverence, and had entertained them at her own house; she thought her tister altogether too passive, but she kept her owu counsel until after they - reached their destination and then she- - broke out abruptly after the fashion of young girls, "Hannah why didn't you speak up for mother's friends when Samuel abused them so? What .... t .. t t l ana ue-v...,.uyuocruts fjgut nao ne io can mem eeivers? What does he know-aho- ut the Bihl compared . to" before she could finish the sentence her amiable sister, always self possessed and equaK to the occasion, said in the. mildest tone, "How old are you Hephzibah Hathaway?" "O, I suppose you think I am work, which was all this time spreading rapidly in the town, onlv such a short distance away, It was near the close of the term and Hepsie hiTd been very diligent, and was making every pteparatiou for the lust day", expecting to pass a successful examination; she had even spoken ; , " . ; . -- 1 1 ... ... but really Hannah how do you know that these men are7io called to preach the Everlasting Gospel? 31btber says they are, and although I don't know for myself I believe her testi- mony." Mrs. Severance was confounded, she had always taught Hepsie obedience, and now ske was puzzled how to answer the girl. At that moment Mr. Severance entered the room and instantly guessed there was some unpleasantness .'judging by the silence and the peculiar expression on the-- countenances of his rrrrizzrr-- wife and heFsister. "Mormon" doctrine?" "Not exactly replied Mrs. S. but Hepsie thinks mother is right." ' '0, she does, and so I suppose these "Mormoa" .Eiders w some of these cold days; I would rather see her dead" 4tOt husband; remonstrated Mrs 8. how dreadful you talk, Hepsie has, opinions ofi her own, child-a- she is, and the bestrivay is to let the subject alone; she will forget it all the r would not argue, with this man whom she so thoroughly disliked,she wondered how ilaunah rou Id respect liim7m ini, for to herf his very presence wa3 hateful." The conversation was Lot renewed for several :too-k- their usual courses days,:and-thin- g3 . uietUife-ofrauntry-o6l-girld--ilcf)si- d 1- 1 J '1 TREATMENT OF CHILREN. It is now about' six years since the article nublishfd in - thfi-ProNENT defining the injurious effects of wash-inJittle children all over every day, or giving them a daily bath, and showing that Tt re- .... "Washed a was fully aware that Miss Andrews expected off t he honors and t he pri ze. 'her to A m to her 'sister about .her dress, and manifested considerable interest in the matter of her appearance, a3 victors were expected from other towns, and it would be quite an event in the - - - - - 'I - brilliant career for the little girl, if her health did not fail under the strain of. study. Hannah heard alland treasured it un.often . 11? ftL t leiling uer eiaier uutrrnnius uuw prouu srje was that ' v. f ' V klKi j self cared little for it, her heart was elsewhere. andno message came from home, about the "How strangely thing? do .happen in this - v-r -was g - - All the enthusiasm of her ambitious"nature was aroused, she could not sleep, she was restless and excited.though she was also confident of success. It was. almost, the first time, in her s about her life when she had been . 1 .1 ..!!... i 'l. il. .1 . . weakens the wliole system of children who are iiiua uauut'u, uuu recuujuicuuiug tuai mey oe bathed all over but once a .'.week, us in wearing apparel, and she hunted up the finest spirituous liquors to rub the body. the prtttiest rlbbonsto cumplete old lace,-and Many since then have become convinced of her toilet. Meantime a letter came from her" the bad effects of bathing children so much ..... . . 1 mother requesting her to come home, as an as it is customary to uo, ana nave adopted Elder who had been baptizing a great number and acted upon the recommendations given in in Boston, Salem and Lynne was expected and the article above mentioned, until they are thi3 rather was hear must him; trving, Htpsie now so firmly convinced that nothing could but she kept the matter secret from her sister, induce them to return to the former habit of and went on with her preparations; somehow giving the daily bath. "Their experience has she was not a3 as before, and her demonstrated to them that their children are for her to come: home healthier, mother's urgent-ple- a stronger and more vigorous', their in ears. her kepf ringing muscles firmer, the body more plump and solid examinaAt last the morning came for the and that they are less liable to take cold.and decorated tion, the hall was beautifully The L'rin of. the finders and strength to stand . . 11 Miss Andrews. iu the gayest ol spiiits, and the t n. hf pi ii ilirpfi Hip ni hp. vcph tnp.sps.lhot grandest of ' dresses Hepsie thought, welcomed most children have are not known by them, little Hepsie with a kiss as. she. came forward and other but they can better stand with her usual good morning to the teacher ailments that children areteethings subject to, while she so dearly loved, and as she saw.her; hesithe death: rate with them is far less than tation, assured her how confident she was that-shamong those who are washed so much. They would not fail. Hepsie was like one- - in have also a more positive and intelligent look a dream all that day she did not see the in the 'and a livelier expression of cousea of faces around her and the voices seemed ntenance. eye afar olf, for all the time she fancied that she Since ''Washed to Death"jya iiblj?faedri. could. hear hex. ,jxutlier.cUng4arher.toconi&.-- r have explained to many mothers of my achome, and in imagination she could see a little .the injury done to children through group gathered for "the baptism," in the brook quaintance washing them so- much, and; many, some of close to the dear old place; the brook upon the .convince of the hurt-'.- , whom we ffiOJjy hanks of which -- she Jiad sat so often -s fulness Of the old custom are now strong dreaming of t he rfutu remand twhere she had of the weekly bath and grateful for the d violets in spring--! plucked the knowledge they have attained. time and watched the speckled trout darting The Allwise Creator made man perfect in hither and thither; all these visions came and "went as she recited the lessons she had learned his organization and the electric glow on the skin at birth should not be washed out and so perfectly for the occasion. Hepsie scarcely V knew how 'she got through that the system relaxed. dayonly . once was she self conscious, and that was when-"- ' I have made this subject .a study and can Miss Andre ws called upon her for the essay; speak with a?urance that the greatest injury she read it with all the eloquence and grace of is done to children bv bathing them so "often expression possible in one so young; her voice while they are under two years old. was clear and her tones finely modulated. It un: tnat motners ana tnose having tne care was the climax, the crowning moment of the of children wTould use good common sense in day; the applause was more than her delicate all study and act in coniform ity to the and nature could Etand, she lawsthings, of nature, then they would not need to reeled and would have fallen had not a gentleconsult a physician so often. They would man near noticing her nervous condition thpir fhildrPtT tn pninir a full develo9- ed -quickly-steppforward rand Supported "her" rpflr untjl a glass of water -- was brought when she mitrhf fill iin a. lnnrr lift in loofiilnpia .with".. Avii.Tiu, auu atuuftiug- - lierseii reaiizeather out so much feebleness, pain and sorrow. ordeal, was passed; and summoning to her aid S. F. At wood. that strong-wil- l power that proves so effectual Jtvamas, jnov. 10, by. when- called into action she was herself again. Kern arks from " t h e 7 vis i tors came next and -Hepsieheard al Mrs.:Jenhess Miller.. :ahdJIiss-imi- 9 cisms of, .the5e .men of learning on the work about to open a Dhvsical culture school in New of the young ladies, she felt embarrassed when Ywrk, which looks to the realization of Edward Aer .w.exe. .praked aud she millennium for which ardently Bellamy's idea, "that-th- e wished for the exercises to clo.se, that she the world waits is to come with woman's permight be alcme in her own room and "cry it fect development." Methods of development on.t: The prizes were distributed and the which aim at mere muscular cuHure wij be school dismissed; almost everyone of the discardedj and the drill wilL consist of poiicg,: scholars were in tears, and the dignified teacher breathing exercises and gestures, the principles xuuen aiiecteu-.- . Alter the school closed two 01 that underlie correct pastures in walking, tmcc vi me eent emen " k th a ;m Tl,a Tnnils wilr rews eanm torward to Cfmgrauja -- over-anxiou- -- .. -- 1 . 1 -- light-hearte- d - 1 e . - . advo-cate- sweet-scente- :1 - over-wroug- - - -- . 1 t;:?i?. for her ure,;;and predicting a I beauty. , 