WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 99 . futile was the hope' of ever finding her mother's " family; yet she could perhaps find. the. for"she'(ii Phot "know but thev were Swiss also..." How little she thought that her mother was once the schoolmate and trusted -- friend of the lady who had adopted her, and who was taking this journey to find her relatives, and if possible ascertain if there were any other children of Iloldsworth, "especially if there, was a son, if there was, he was entitled to the property of his father, and she would put him in the way to claim it. The Blessi's she knew had lived near the Lake of Zurich,, and to the City of Zurich she first went. With' little trouble she learned that, the grandparents of Florence were dead, but a brother cf Jlrs. Holdsworth occupied the old home." To him she went and learned that his sister had never been strong after her marriage, she had four childreu,all of whom diedjnjhejrjnjfajac.y. Holds-"worth- s, ever, convinced her that Florence" would not wish lMj3rence,.;J;bc how I have avenged the wrong ymiJidine, your daughter came to my house a friendless desert her eveirfor her'fatherT""" '"" r bhe now knew who the man was she had seen in tho park, and she must nerve herself to meet him, and talk to him: On the raorrovf her lawyer told her that Iloldsworth had beard of their inquiries respecting him, and caneu to Know what they wanted him for. He was told that they must see their client ueiure informing mm, ana they would write X -- m - When I heard her name and orphan. history I knew ;v ho she was, you see what she is. i took her to Switzerland round her uncle, he did not know of her existence, I did not enlighten him, for I had determined to keep her with me, and she does not know what her mother's name was.nor that she was once ray him in a few days, if he would leave his friend and you my affianced husband, she haa he seemed much annoyed at their address, heard it now, let her choose between us. she is reticence, and now what was to be done. or lull age ana you cannot claim her. "And "I will see him myself," said Mrs. Whitif he did it would be useless," said Florence. more, "Florence, I have not told anything, not "You I will not leave until vou force me- to even of the efforts you have made so find her ,do so." "You hear her- - decision Edward lather, ana she must be kept in ignorance a Holdsworth, I have my revenge, now go, and little longer, a?k him to call upon me as soon as possible, but be careful not to give a bintj&k Snry-yo- u ashoame-maynroflooguiz- e and reason with her, you do not know what me, at which took his I shall feel pleased, if he does we cfn not ftwthlast it is to be deprived of wife and children, or you help wife to Paris, for the purpose of consulting a it, at any rate I must see him." would have compassion on me." Do I not celebrated physiciau. She died there, and he At five o'clock of the next day a card was listen, JLwas the beloved wife of a . noble had heard nothing of her husband since, aud handed to Marrianne, bearing the name of husband, I had a son, and when he was but a there be could no child Mrs. alive. Edward bethought Iloldsworth, and a request for an child,' his father died, my sou grew to man Whitmore kept all thi3 from Florence, Blessi accompanied it. She was dressed hood, and bade fair to "make as good a man as was a farmer, and not too well off, and she to his father, like me, he was betrayed by a false ready accompany Florence to an evening destined Florence for a higher position. knew she the party, friend, he left Eugland.and I do not know young lady would be some before time she the was Summer and Swiss interthe .where or what he is, or if he is alive or dead. They spent ready among hoped the and view would after Lake terminate she before Lucerne returned I did nol desert him and would have given Alps, dame down, visiting to London. and she desired the servant to show him into my life to have saved his, and I would, sacri ; the drawing room." As he entered she. rose, to fice all I. posess to day i f it would give me During her absence Mrs. Whitmore's lawy ers back my son." "Mrs. Whitmore what is your naa not Deen idle, but all they could learn receive him sayiTg'you wished to see me Mr. t r t t t i Holds worth." was that, Iloldsworth had closed his account Edward had not recognized her features, with his bankers, and left the country nearly "Edgar" she replied. "Then I believe I can when but she he knew her voice, and tell you something of him, I met a Mr. Edgar spoke, twenty years before, Mrs. Whitmore in Cape Town South Africa, he "Marrianne, Whitmore, why ' They urged upon Mrs. Whitmore the exclaimed, have you sought me. I have wronged you told me a little of his past, the reason why he necessity of Florence claiming her father's left England, that he dare not return, some deeply, and have suffered for it, be merciful property, but she hesitated, perhap3 and spare me now?" "It is to avenge that friend keeps him informed of your movements, return, at least she would wait unfind you and my Nemesis he knew ot your.adoptiuQ,of.Jj jorence, and it til Florence was twenty-onshe was now. nine' wrong that I tried to will heap coals of fire upon your head;" tell pleased him, for he thought it would comfort she tne, continued, ''have you any children? you. He is wealthy for he was fortunate at the years older, she was going to marry a gentleman whose property adjoined her father's and "I fear not,' he answered, 'I left a little girl return if it was safe for him to do so, he knew reside most of the time in the country. Mrs. in Paris, when I lef t Eu rope, bu t I can not trace ta h is arrest wou Id" kil you ;'and ""prefefed"that Whitmore she was educated is dead, and her successors vov should mourn him as dpad. it was hpttpr alone, in that grand old home, and if the elder know nothing of my little Florence, she would so than disgrace he thought." How little I was resigned, while the lady was not happy-sh- e be now and what would I not give; thought that the mother he loved so tenderly twenty-onyounger one was radiantlj happy. As the to was the woman I had wronged, and the girl give to find her?" "How long is it since months rnlhrl hv TtMnrPtina ronoxroA mnnrr deserted her?" she bad adopted my own child. I can g.ve you ii offers of marriage, but refused them all, either "I did not mean to desert her, I left money you the address of his bankers at Cape Town, her heart was untouched, or she would not to support her for five years, intending to reand through them you can communicate with leave the desolate woman whom she 80 dearly turn by that time, circumstances I could not him." "He need never have left England," loved. control prevented me, I wrote to the institution said Mrs. Whitmore "had he written to my Abut one week prior to the twenty-firs- t an- where I left her and they replied,stating that lawyers they would have informed him that the jjiv.cicmj ui uinuuay me iwo ladies she was well and still with them, still hoping man he stabbed did not die, and he admitted1 were riding in Hyde Park; a gentleman on to return I to the authorities that he had Jed Edgar into -neglected to write. One year ago horseback passed them, as he did so Mrs. I arrived inParis and 'wehr'loWquire7oTnjy excesses which in his sober moments he Whitmore raised" her eyes to his face, their daughter. The books were produced and "the abhorred. He had cheated him at cards, had eyea met and something in him reminded her record showed that she had been sent to a cerborrowed money from WmandwitJEdgar.-wouTfrren- d of the past, of some one she Ahad known, but tain school at the him no more he taunted him, until age of fourteen and a3 I where,or when, she could not recall to memory. told you at first I can not find her." "Do the boy was driven to madness, and the sequel They were preparing to celebrate Florence's find her?" deserve to was the next question. you you kno w." birthday with more than usual festivities, and "Mrs. Whitmore you are severe, but from Mn Holdsworth gave her the address. The you the incident was forgotten. I can bear much, tell .me what you have to next to" then&anK enMrrHtmbTehitd"ffeeDieFroren ce with say, and I will not trouble you longer." her closing a letter from Mrs. Whitmore to a splendid set of pearls, as a birthday gift, -At that moment Florence entered the SOn. 7.";.-777 and she herself had selected the dress she room and was ' In less than a year he reached home, and going to ask her aunt if her would wear with them, at the ball. 7 7 dress wa3 satisfactory but seeing a stranger she before another had passed he was the husband When Florence appeared in the drawing stopped and commenced an apology. "Come of Florence, who admitted after she was room she wa3. the cynosure of all eyes ,she had here,- my darl ing," said Mrs. Whi tm ore "I married, that she had been in love with him from the time she first saw his portrait, and that developed into a splendid woman, with the wish to introduce you to this. gentleman, my fair skin and blue eyes of her Swiss mother, adopted neice Mr. Iloldsworth." wu3 why she had refused all offers of marriage, and the bright auburn tresses of her father "Florence this is. yonr father!" soe had always had a presentment that- - some which Mrs.Vhitmore so well remembered. Just Father and daughter looked at each other a day she would meet the original. before dinner a note wasbrought to Mrs.' momenMn sjl dgat'iJVieud had gi it and'was as he had seen her in public, so' to but os Florance Vbitmore, about embracel her, contained omythese wordf. llrarms, 'Edward Iloldsworth is in London" it came she drew back to the side or her aunt, saying, ,that when he received hU mother's letter he from her lawyer, and he left word with the "You must be misinformed, my dear aunt, it resolved if he could win her affection his servant that he would call the next day. The ca n n ot be. true, this man- is'no t my-J- L 'ather, or mother hfmld haye adaughterrsheloved, new3gave frer a shock, and for. a few moments he would have found me before this, and cared and could call her own. Mrs. Whitmore-r- e she felt a sensation, almost like despair. , Was for me, you are the only being, on this earth ceived 'HpLdiwiirth-aa-- a friend.head been the the girl she had learned to love sd well to be for v;hom I have a filial attachment, lMaas,p.flhcr.-Jmd4tt4i- a 'ojnot taken frofc not be recalled, an l it was best to bury it in wmtM6ffo'nTYou, fb,agfranger and she burst iuto tears." "twill never do so against your oblivion, aud appreciate present happiness. $ lone with her sorrow? A little reflection how . " -- in-tervi- . . .. I - m m H , Holds-worthfma- y -- e, eenjand-did'-not'T- i -- " -- i Jin31FJdfnca-i.wouId'tben--he--Ieft-- 1 -- e, i - . t - -- T ft . -- . 