184 Relief Society of Uintah Stake of Zion con venedl in the Ashley Ward Meeting ' Houso March 2iKl,1890. Meeting called to, order at 10 a.m. Pres. Sarah Pope "presiding, the houac mpreUy well filled, .1Jlrotlw r .R.-t '.1 ' .1 UoIIett, James Hawkins, togetner wiur too Bishops Kiid their Counselors, were on ;the stand and the Presidents ol- the several blanches of the Relief Society excepting one. Singing; "How sweet is redeeming love," prayer by A. H. Bartlett,1 singing ''High on person around one who is sick is soothing; spired there; also spoke of her long and many of the sisters this past winter have varied experience m the Lhurcb, stated it Was worked over the sick until they have been more than fifty years jsijwehffjyas baptized, worn out; we knew we were doing" good in and referred to her acquaintance with the a& there h a PronbtJoeph:Smitb:aa''othef9--r--v.:'T bg. ufwn Mrs. R. Wareham, Pres.lt. S.,JNorth Ward, power trying to overthrow the Kingdom of God; but' will they do it? no they never will, Mahti, represented the society favorably, spoke the work will rolf on and come off'triuciphant, of the liberality manifested in giving,-though- t thero arc many prophecies being fulfilled, the there were some indifferent-iregard to de Jews are being gathered to their own land, velopment and opportunities "of doing good, and many more feigns of the coming of the and felt they would yet look back with regret SaviorIIow can any bodysay, ean see no. nti enti tlPrrlr-f- thnilffht. wa 'shnnld Jill RtriVA evidenccof the truth of the principles of the to make good use of our time, and if we do previous confere neenread "and appro ved. Pres. Sarah -- Pope said sho was thankful to her Church jof Jes us Christ of Latter-da- y Saints; not, great will be our loss. Spoke of the vast worK aone oy me iveiiei oocieiy in many Heavenly Father for the blessing; we are as a there is enough transpiringevery day. to convince us of its truth, but ?ister3 do not tire io places in erecting halls and granaries ; felt people "at presenrenjoying, and for the privitrying to do good, let us be sure and remember thankful that she, too, bad- been fifty years in one year ago to rriaysince wo had a Relief to look after the sick, and the aged that are the Church this year; wa3 baptized in 1840. must look alter-the- m and let ua She spoke in warm praise- - of the presidency of among us,-w-e the Relief Society in the stake, Sisters Hyde, last September, but we at that time had so be very careful and not hurt any body's feelmuch sickness in the valley we could not, I am ings in doing so, and let us take care, of our Peterson and Allred, and of Sister M. W, pleased to, tee so many here and I hope we daughters and sons too, let us continue to teach Snow, who wa3 a mother in the Temple, whom have come with good feelings towards each- - J.he principles. of virtue and uprightness1! she- - hadenjoyed the ; priviiegeTolzlaboring' other that we may have the spirit "of God to Conference adjourned until 2 p. m.t singing under. Mrs. Sarah Tuttle, the next speaker, had also '"Praise ye the Lord," benediction by Pres. . be with us, that we may have a good time." been a long time in the Chnrch, testified that Sister A. If. Bartlett gave a' report of the Sarah Pope, besri in the Temple, she had been Ashley Relief Society. Afternoon session; meeting at 2 p. m. Pres. since she had Sister Jenson said she desired an interest in more spiritual, but was more out of the habit 'Til presiding, my singing praise SarahPope is all the prayers of of speaking,. had been working in the Temple present, "it the first time Maker while I've breath," Sister t .1 by prayer ever since it naa11Deeu openea, gionea!?m me I ever spoke iu conference I have striven to Oaks, 1I a saw singing, mighty angel fly." work for the dead. live up to the requirements of the Gospel and Sacrament : was administered after which Sister Mrs. Ann Lowrey reported, South Ward, by so doing have received a testimony of the Roxanua Remington made a few remarks and -- is like unto the Manti, as the president, Mrs. E. Casto was not fame, the Ghureh of Christ some good instructions to the young peogave of-h- er theConference-oiiaccou- nt body of Christ, and as each member" S i s ter S t ri ngia m spoke on - kindness - to able to attend ple. toJnakethe- - bod v perfect, so is each or the health. She rejoiced to stee the Saints of and to. be up and doing, and do all aged all nationalities coming to the Temple ; they ganization to a whole. We should come to we can to in the different Presidents our help must have faith or they would not come as our meetings that our spirits may be fed ai read a portion of a sermon deassociatiops, well as our bodies, each day of our lives we livered by Pres. Woodruff about sirO&ionths they did in crowds; thought we should teach should try to keep tlie commandments of God," our children to be virtuous, pure and prayerand spoke a short time. on the same. ago in the book of Isaiah she then 'read a chapter Sister Wardle then reported the 4tbr Ward ful - We need great wisdom to do the duties for was the that occasion.and well that are assigned to us, very appropriate Society. Sister A. H. Bartlett spoke on woalso made a few remarks on the same. Mrs. Minerva W. Snow, felt happy to be man's rights which was interesting to all, and Sister Goodrich reported the Relief. Society also on with the sisters here in the Conference, and on of young the'subject VUiPr WflrJ Oilra nf tht Mprill's coM'fU latter-dawork, she those boys- - that went on missions a never felt better in the minions, principles of the Gospel were raost beautiful little over two years could not speak but could see the Hand of the Lord in what was ago and lived them if to her to wq they would a short time up surety transpiring on the earth; knew of previous to their going, but now JlWl lead us io life eternal, prayed for the blessing of God. She . was baptized gean i isjjweprir of God to rest upon the. sisters for they had thy wnen seventeen years oi age ana was now for them, it was a trial to them when they ate done much in taking care of ' the sick and Lnearlxjixtynin eyears. ol dieltgladtOLbejme .were. calledLyet iLkas.. pro ved-g; . t i ii i tr j. l ti'.i. .li of those to come and take part in this work; ai uniiunjn mt jmoii iuun.ii M c siiuuiu uu & h 8 jil s o s pok e Lw 1 1 L on t he prin ciples of th e she then read a"portion"of a sermonTof wanted to fill ber mission and be ready to go Gospel and was listened to with intense inon Smith's whea her Heavenly Father called. Since charity. Joseph terest. Sister Osser reported Riverdale Society as The names of the Stake officers were then being engaged in the Temple work she seemed well as could be as. Sister almost to live in the spirit world; made other doing expected. read and sustained. Brother R. 8. Collett Olney bore a faithful testimony to the truth of made a few closing interesting remarks concerning Temple work. sisters the remarks, gave said we had many trials but the Gospel, instructions and spoke encourage-ihgl- y She then urged the sisters to do all in their for were our generally they good. power to make their homes happy, and a to the sisters which wa3 gladly received. Sister SarahCo1ton reported the Mill Ward heaven for the husband and children. Help Conference adjourned until some convenient said she and felt thankful to the sisters Society, those who are weak, take them by the hand time next summer, singing "Awake ye saints for the help they had been in taking care of awake." Benediction by Sister Henriette and lead them onward, let us "throw around sick. the our children and others a saving, influence; Hatch. Sister Collett spoke on the rearing of our Addii: Longiiurst, Sec'y. : said some very excellent things in regard to children said we should bo prayerful ud set draining childrenSpokeoT the"organization them good examplesr and teach r thenrto "live" of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph in SANPETE STAKE. lives of purity, and also bore a faithful testi Nauvoo and its onward progress. Never think The Quarterly Conference of the Relief of our trials but be mony to the truth of the Gospel. valiant and never reveal said Society of Sanpete Stake, wa3 held at Ephraim, the keys and blessings we receive here. in the meeting houseFridayIarch 14, 1890r Mrs. Anderson, Pres. R. S., North Ward, Uiey wisnea to do au tnegood they could and bore testimonies to the truth of the Gospel. rres. M. A Hyde presiding. Oa the stand Ephraim, spoke upon humility and the blessSister Freestone said we should strive to set were Pres. C. Peterson and Counselor Beal. of ing of the Lord, represented the sisters in her a goud,exam plebefoielth eyMngiand -- rising the.:take presidencytid rM rEB.-We- l Is, of hmrd as good anoTfaithfuI; peace and Krmony f-to see thatj Salt Lake Citv. also Mrs, llinervft W. Snow there are trying times, and their chiidrcnwectW and; Pres. Hyde's counselor, Mrs. Sarah Peter- - prevaiieapttiougn" we jhould do whatever we can to help one do all they can to come and teach them, so son, ana severai presidents trora dmerent part3 another.- Vof the the mothers their stake, Bishops of each ward in surely ought, to see that they Counselor Sarah Peterson rejoiced greatly come to the meeting and go themselves as Ephraim and Pres. Allred, of Y. M M. I. A.; - in the work being done in thaTeSple and felt .. much as possible; "the adversary is ever on of the stake. Meeting opened at 10 a.m. with there must be a great -- rejoicing on the other the alert to' destroy our children therefore we sinirinfr side of the vail, felt happy in the work of the should try to instil into their young minds true "Glorious things are sing of Zion" Relief Society, was sure much good was being principles." Prayer was offered by Counselor Beal, accomplished in many directions, if we are Pres. Sarah Pope said we should' try to be not so prosperous in singing temporal things, this is a again,y kindand should good otherpre of try day feasting upon spirittfaf; things ; made "O ye mountains high." to keep the commands of God that we may other many remarks comforting and enPres. Hyde made a few openinz remarks always have His spirit to be with us so when couraging to all present. we go into a sick room the influence we to her recent visit Salt Lake alluding 4o Conference adjourned until 2 carry City p.m., singing, with us is felt; sometimes every touch of a and the great changes that had tran - -- Sr 1 V W thttkk-nmhsjititH&h- - -- T - l f -- - . . . 1 1 -- men-goin- g y -- . y-as- sa JObwork ueh-timea- a . it-abl- great-blessin- e, . S1J udSis SisTer-ReyjKld3"a- generationj-mothers'rgh6uldtiy- j-a- nd . . .: to-ea- elr recently Come, come ye sMnts, no toU nor labor fear," 