I1 V'VV'- y . V A .jf , in "if JV'. b 7 U 3 ill I 1! 1 4 '1 J- The Bights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. -- Vol. 18. -- CONTENTS. . i V .SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 1,1890. " The Prophet Joseph Smith. S. Lr Partridge. Hephzibah. Miscellaneous. Schools of Music. W. S. A. Emery Co. A Noble Woman. A. E. ZxViews-on- lA.!lBanqueLtpJissAnthon Courtship and - George Thomas Marriage-H3- r. - Dowling. The Days of the Judges. Editorial: Edi- Washington Convention. Some of Miss Anthony's Views. . A Nauvoo Woman. For the Time Being. C. W. AU Nations in One. d,- oh Hf HeavenHeavrriTlinTIbvels love, And Faith and Patience fair requital know, ; Through boundless realms of light,My Own, My Own! Led by the hand of God, we two shall go. Bird Robison.- - ;' Z 'T Poetry: Turning Backward. L.M.Hewlings. Husband's My Own. Ellen Jakeman. To My Mother Lula. To Susan B. Anthony. Amarala A Sad Bereavement. Obituariesr Martin the Exponent: For TURNING BACKWARD. BY L. M. HEW LINGS. I went baciTto the dear old hcftieStead, After twenty long years had past, And from friends by the score then counted. Whose Warm hands in my own were clasped THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH- - tearfully moistened, With a sincere feeling of heart As the fervent "God Bless you" was spoken, When the time had arrived to part. . . Sweet April," with her "lovely smiling face, Shining thro' tehrs fair as the rainbow's sheen, Gentle and charming, with a winsome grace, ' Decks all her courtly train in living green. 1 .The month of April opened in the little "un pretending country town of" which we have tivity. The fitting up of wagons and teams with provisiori's'hnd clothing for the Far West was in those days an event of special importance " to the quiet people, and the.: neighbors, friends and relatives had much to say in disapproval. The very heart of the .town seemed to be moving . whenthis goodly compaay took up their journey. Butas from time immemorial it has ever been so it proved in this case, the. excitement and hubbub, 4the nine days wonder': subdded and things settled 'down aaiu to the utmost quietude, though it may be as well to state hero that the village never became afterwards what Jthad been in1 other days, for many of the very best and bright-estme- n and women went with that little band My Dear Young Brothers and Sister?: Having had the. blessed privilege of being acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, in my childhood, and, having been requested to write a few lines on the subject, I cheerfully of the complyr I wiirsay influence, the spirit and kindness, made a more lasting impression upon my mind, than did the features of the man; at the., time of. the assassination of the Prophet I was nearly seven year3 old; my thoughts have often dwelt tlia upon" the firm manner in which he .bore trials aud persecutions which were continually heaped upon him by his enemies, and my earliest reccollection of himare of seeing In nr vokPilgrimiaud-thei- f It .was the time of year when the woods and army TatherTEouse, trying toTeep out of the sight of his enemies who were seeking him groves and meadows were full of music, and night and day, that they might destroy him; all nature wa3 donning her beautiful vestments sometimes he would enter in haste, without of ear jy Spring; the charms and attractions of 1, ; - u r, tt c ,so : Ati ft ti t afof hi fl 1 v ex Or essed knocking; at another time perhaps, I would go into the room, and find him sitting there. in word, the heart, the soul, all that is best, I would not know how or when he came there, purest and highest yearns to hurst the narrow ami m and I cannot describe to you the thrill of joy .JboundihaUci only understood in feeling - and IvHlcFrlflnrtbrougrmy iFoTeTeing to day a language . . when I think of the Savior's love tor little longing sing witti tne Dims on me lupmusi children, similar to which Joseph's love for bough of the tallest tree, or climb the highest monTitain: pealr to: p"5u r for lli i n Xfiodd'of sbiiP chiWrea fillson my head or lovingly drawing me towards music the exuberance that wells up and him, take me upon his knee and kiss me, and toJ overtlowmg tno great neart 01 uaiuru. Hephzibah Hathaway young as sue was ,ieit though the child has become a woman nearly of the the bursting of buds," the leaping of fountains, fifty three years old, the remembrance man is fresh the springing of tender grasses, the perfume oi spirit which attended that great in her memory never to be erased. It seems a violets, the tragrance 01 macs anu ine aroma sacred eubject to me, and though many years of the pine woods, as one feels the influence of have passed I cannot talk on it without being a i joy that surpasses all decriptiou. . Her moved to tears. Is it any wonder my friends whole being was enraptured or one might say that from my heart I can bear testimony to en rapport wfth the condition of nature. She of God was not then conscious of the intense sy mpathy a you to Hay, that he' was truly Prophet with a power and influence about him which which she afterwards knew existed in her eoul .could be felt even by a little child. My young with the great universe. She was so much in love with these influences brothers and sisters as you groar older, study her of practithe life and spirit of our Savior Jesus Christ, anT objects IhatHwhat wa3 said toand the days and also of the Prophet Joseph Smith,' you cal life made little impression, flevrfound and the time for her departure arwill find the same spirit of love and in the Hymn rived before she had made the leat mental actuating both. We read followed another scene of that "Millions shall know brother J oseph preparation. . Then from scenes and places -- pCitin'gLbleikrnaway And ehrmly-neLiaveitcA5.e so dear and so beloved.- - Another fond and rt CIV f beneath T i f J lingering farewell to those precious o".e3 foundation or gooa wors, iu.i. the spirir worjd v you thomaternal roof and to go again among uttcr may be called to enter the happy number : strangers; for the time she had almost forgotamong find yourselves may was she in the haunts of those who have the privilege of enjoying ten her books so absorbed fine morning,' ;:the throughout the ages of eternity. : of her childhood, but one his society, ' . S. L. Partridge. f dew yet' fresh on the soft clinging, tangled v Association: 6th grass, she marched down the long lane to the j president of "the Primary ' "". her trunk hid beencarriad to' r roadside, where mother ,Vard Provo. and children all arcund wait the stafye, a4imousiraiiuu herrand without great sob was in her throat, In conversation we should talk; not to please of regret, thougha V others. she said her adieux. ourselves, but to gratify or instruct less composed, "Hepsie my The mother was This would make U3 consider whether what we said almost at the last moment, whether "dear child'1 she are about to fay will be worth hearing; and whether it is you will not forget to pray that you may there be wit or sense in ; it; . liiv the place and the company; rem a I n sieauiaab ju adapted to the time, stay-at-hom- o ; AFwIth'eyeFi - -- thel-ememljranc- - ' Jakeman..... Eli-k- n torial Notes. - HEPHZIBAH. XVI. .. Today I saw her buried; where the snow, In eddying drifts piled high the frozen ground. " And felt that death had canceled every vow, That she was mine, who lay beneath that mound. t - No. 19. r . ei 1 a.- I sent an evangel before me,. Not wishing to give a 'surprise, would greet me, And thought of the hosts JJVith glad xhJbwpsIiJcelJLjkie. for over an hour I waited With the daylight close on the wane. And the heavens above . - I A. - turned to ramble no more. MY OWN. Come Poet, lend your golden harp to me: . I fain would tell her now that life is done, What all these years lay hidden in my heart. " Bride of my soul; Helena, peerless one! : self-sacrific- e When o'er the green sward as a tiny chad, Withribbons blue, and curls like golden wings, She seemed a bird escaped from paradise, I loved her then above all earthly things. Her gentle maidenhood, as pure" as snow, Embodied all my holiest dreams of heaven. The truest, deepest love earth everJcnew man's eternal love, to' her was given. -w- l- -r- -A TY ru TT JT " Her gifted mind, and glorious womanhood, of a perfect life. . Were sweet translations Dumb, and distrustful of myself, I stood, And mad with anguish, saw her made a wife. , borne it better, if her mate Had been a fitting spouse for such as She. . He trampled, as the dust beneath his feet, The precious life that was pure gold to me. I could have her cheek grow thiar her dear eyes dim. Her shoulders stoop beneath a load of care;. Her stepgroVslow, and hopes bright ensign died, And threads of white shone in her golden hair. I saw A. -- ,.To:xJasp:hands..w But I found at length to my sorrow, I had reckdn'd without my. host, .11 For here, I was merely a stranger, Or a traveling man at most. : All found on my fingers were counted, Tho I searched the whole township o'er, And from the dear old place disheartened," - I . storm-freighte- d, I have - 1 VVTiiTe . . ; any-outw- ; aru 