85 WOMAN'S , EXPONENT. SUPLICATION. And when my path seems dark and wild,' And hope burns low within; Look down upon Thine erring child, Aiid keep my heart from sin. " birthday of Pres. Brigham Young., go out or come in yet, he had need of wisdom, he had, a great people to rule over.". - He then earnestly pleaded for wisdom. The answer was ''Since he did not ask for long life or riches, nor the lives of his enemies, but only for wisdom he should have great wisdom, and also riches." This he realized to the fullest extent He was honored and beloved wisdom, and heard'his" byrall who knew of-hi- s voice, until he forgot God's commands given, by Moses, saying "there are a people the Israelites should not mix with, or in other words &hould-no- t gounto them neither should: theypermit them tocomeTnto their domains." Yet King Solomon at last, ventured to take wives from these people. '. - Now see what vanity did. And St. Paul says that we are as subject to vanity as the sparks that fly upward. This vanity, overcame King Solomon.- - -- Read what he sayawhen the Lord "took from him this flow ot the good spirit. He says "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity and vexation of spirit." Of all the good things under the sun none was any satisfaction to him after losing that good spirit which he once possessed so profusely. . Now let us bring the subject nearer home. I remember seeing the', effects of vanity not only once but often. I will only speak of a friend of mine, a near neighbor who was talented and had an . education competent to fill positions of trust. When he first came to this valley he worked for the government, (under Cap. Stansburg.) Lord thon who see'st all my heart, A nd kno w'st. my every- - tKough t : Help me to do Thy holy will . , And serve Thee as J ought. '. school house for the purpose of celebrating the Lord he waa but a child did not know how to Help me to bear my daily cross Though it be hard to bear:, Oh! may I feel through every loss I've still a Father's sare And when at length my day's are passed, And all the world grows dim Oh!, may I anchor safe at lost And be at rest with him. Charity. After all had Assembledwe then set out- for our Montpelicr canon, a place having been selected for our enjoyment. After all had arrived we were called to order by Sister Bunney. The children sang "Gladly meeting," after which prayer was offered by Brother John Bunney. Pres..Bdnney then addressed the children for a short time, told- them the reason tbev had met, spoke ' of some of the great and noble deeds performed by that. great and good - . - v A selection was then read by Rose Hilher, entitled "The funeral of Brigham Young." The forenoon exercises, consisted of songs, recitations, dialogues, readings etc. Brother 0. Switison then spoke to. the children, said it afforded him much pleasure in meetiDg4vith" the - primary- - children- In endeavored to snow them the many blessings they enjoyed compared with the children of the outside world. The meeting wa3 then adjourned by singing 'Til be a little Mormon," benediction by Brother E. L. Burgoyne. The tables were then prepared and after asking a blessing; on the food, it was freely all. The afternoon was spent partaken in playing games and gathering wild flowers in which the children enjoyed themselves very, much, at about 5 o'clock we all prepared to re- turn home with happy hearts and smiling - : PRIDE, HOW SHALL W DEFINE IT. King Solomon says: "Pride comes before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall." Now since we have fallen to that degree that our enemies rule over us, (or at least those who are enemies to this Gospel, and say such a doctrine shall not exist,) how shall we account for this change, is pride the cause? Well, you say it is right to Jiave a becoming kind of pride, es pride enough to be decent to .be cleanly to e respectable. If this is pride why did the Lord say "He resists the proud but He giveth grace to the humble." I think we can maintain those qualities without a particle of pride. be- In my opinion dignity and long to the Deity. Did not Jesus say ''Be ye perfect even as your Father in heaven is perfect." In this we learn that God is our Father, Accordingly those who believe this and obey ; His commandments will obtain His spirit self-respe-ct whichkhen JtJs.-obtained4b.e- will-fi- nd y 'it-giv- . 3-c- ' -- . TI-- aI an in mi - No-one-pays- nge-her-dothes. n any At-cert- ain 1 - - . 1- ' es -cho- king-thegoodeedwhich"al--ways ' - x. 1 jo self-conce-it ; - oil -ha- the-relativ- are-aw- are - pwuu - w -- uKiu -- I hap. . luiYuai-uuc- s the Savior say, He says ''the Lcrd resists the proud but gives grace to the humble." Can we obtain Hi3 spirit then while we harbor pride in thege tabernacles of ours? I think not: besides we are in danger of losing that portion we did obtain when humble, even as King bolomon did. Do you remember his dream? (Kings 4 chap, and 5 ver.) The Lord asks "what shall I do lor jouTV, hetpld the fo ro .i.VVJ . t; -- y .. t self-respec- s, . tbem dignity and self respect,for these are attributes of the Deity and not pride as one may suppose. No this is a portion 01 our ather s char acter and naturally we inherit the same; not only so, but we have an earnest persevering zeal for . the.. rights which belong to us, this t we saw m tne granai paraae last winter, out the Lord can not make saints of proud people, accordingly our humility must be tested. But we are told by how about this Jesus that no unclean thing can enter the kingdom of our Father in heaven. No, we must be pure in mind and body; for 3- it is written. First JEpistle of John verse "Every man that hath this hope in Him himself, even as He is pure.' This purifieth .i a i? i J not pride as many suppose. We must not be- come filthy, or we wonld be loathsome objects not fit to come back into our father's presence. tie iso speaks by tne propnet jaioses say ing to the children of Israel: "Be ye holy for I am holy." Strict obedience is required to seep our teet irom stumbling, we see. Yet we a3 a people often use the word pride quite out of place, because it is not properly defined by us, you will hear it said I am proud of this or nroud of that, vps nrnnd tn - hftlnno to this cause. Is this right? I think be we maj gratified and pleased and delighted . of-b- these-gathering- Rose Hillier, Sec. After this he was Chancelor of Deseret UniMontpelier, Bear Lake Co., Idaho. versity. And finally one of the Twelve Apostles. He filled his positions so well he T-was called to preside over a branch of this WIDOWS IN INDIA. vineyard; yes several "times did he fill this osition. But he became vain. 1 ins vanity For a year after the death of the husband ed him to do that which the Lord of heaven the widow has special rites to perform. For and earth ha3 forbidden. thirteen days after the funeral she must not He not only lost hi3 office but also his stand atten-r-tio'&s cut 'ffr ing in th& Church of God,--' to her or gives her a kind word. She He was humbled to the dust and truly re be content with one meal a day and at pented after a time wished to be baptized, I must never knew if this wa3 granted, but I. do re-.- Jbe end of that Jime her head- - is Bhaved.- -. intervals throughout her life she is exmember what the Savior said to Peter who asked how often he should forgive, if 7 times-,- pected to fast and these intervals include two days of fasting during every month of her "Ye3,"was the answer, 'until 70 times7 " Showing you should al wrays give encouragement to the widowhood. During these days she must penitent to forsake evil and cleave unto that touch nothing in the shape of liquid or solid food, rviand whether she is sick or well,. it makes good spirit which gives light and joy and .1 rrtt .1 TTi t noxiinerence. --j.no ninuoos -- say inarme Eoui peace. But ohrthe mischief that vanity will bring of a man after his death, goes to heaven quickly upon the human family. Each of U3 can know and pleasantly in proportion to the sufferings of his wife during the month after his death. this for ourselves. How often we find it like ' and the rest the weeds in our garden springing up ere you Consequently the mother-in-larof try to make these sufferings as great as possible. The widow can never is a benefit to the person who possesses : - take - Dart in - an v- - festivity.- - and it would be air" it. ; our Father eviroraeiTifshe attended a marriage- - : She HmvamestlynshoTil for wisdom that we may not be confused and gets no word of pity from the women of the dark in our minds on this subject or any other, household, and she is lower than the servants. nf viuvt rthn. but that we may know which spirit to cleave JJjVCil in ucaiucucjifta Jiuii-ujuutifli vi women. Her body is not burned in the to and which to forsake that we may not be clothes she has on, and only a coarse, white come vain and foolish in these last days, when cloth covers her as she lies on the funeral pyre. so much, light and intelligence is requisite to Her husband, if he would, could not help her fill our positions properly.; , condition. are dangerous pro Wonieirjcannot inheri tjproperty Vanity and mpiag the Hindoos, and ifany thing is left by per ties. Why should one become: vain because they have arrived at some attainment the husband, it roes to the children. of India, where TO which another has not. They may fill another" the holiest of Hindoos live, the treatment of position the first is not capable of filling. Let us reflect and be more wise in the future the widows i3 even worse than that described than we have been in the past, isjhe prayer of in the above statement.ZlHerethe woman is often dragged along with the husband's corpse One of the Old Folks. to the cremation. She is pushed into the Mary. water and made to stand there, while the body She comes home in her wet 13 burning. MONTPELIER PRIMARY. clothes and she dare not change them. It -- mattcrsnot if she 'be sick; or" whether the these be ErnmjEExroNENT: ; weather warm or cold. She sleeps in and she clothes for thirteen On the morning of June the 1st, 1890tbe - es - manr -- Udr'eaTfMoM "byallT" ths : Selected, 