J WOMAN'S Conference adjourned for three months,sing-,in"The spirit of God like a fire is burning." Benediction by Bishop Dewey. "' Emili a- - D. Madsen, Cor. Sec'y. EXPONENf. 31 quently upon faith, patience and wisdom, remunicipal ordinance providing that in the joiced in the Gospel, felt that there was comgiven ; city there shall be women to serve . iii.iLfox. all,x)ur.trial?;gave--exeel-lenwho Yvould rwitboat salarywell-to-dorvv'omen- , advice in practical regard to bestowing much better invest their time, in this manner the .than to"swing in hammocks and read story needy. charity upon Mrs. E. Howard, spoke of her recent visit books to be appointed to visit the places to where she w?omen attended Relief where Grantaville, the work, and to make official re-- , SALT LAKE STAKE. Society conference of Tooele Stake; thought ports to the city council. Then let the of the Saints were slumbering and sleep-inwho have the majority in every city, The quarterly coufereiee of the Relief So jnanycarried away with the things of the- - world; demand that ;there" shall "be a to, ciety 01 this stake was held in the .F ourteenth . spoke wel Lu pon the saving of grainby.t he eYCryTbuildiu g w here there are wage workers, .Ward Assembly Rooms une:19th, Prcsr M; sisters. : instead of havinerf.j them niled in there and Tsabella Home, Counselor Mrs. H. M. Whit- I M. W. rs. J killed and burned aa thoughtlessly H3 if they " Wilcox, jmadesome ve . M. lum- 15. Mrs. y. Mrs. :ney,.ana smith, remarks, thought' wV should alwavs be able were so many sardines in a box. Then let it ball, Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, with the Secre to give a reason for the hope that is within us. be put down as another section of that law, Mrs. the staud. h. Howard, occupied tary, rres. iiome, spoke upon punctuality- - in, that there shall be so many in a room of a cerConference opened by singing, "Come let us attending meetings, said rwe should not dwell tain size, and no more. Why, in some places, anew," ete.r prayer by Mrs. MarL'aretMcMaT- - iioo mucn upon our . i iout prepare ourthe inais, calledter; si ngingjJow ha iiliol elvE3f0Thirevef-hiiihO iglitn. . hreads.'lor it they did nt ......their needles, would i: '.or.. credit-lor-t- he deeds done in the body, go into the eyes of the one in front Then get ; reasurers resnonaea. whether they be good or evil. Spoke of her the law should provide that they should have Pres. Home made some opening remarks, their lunch room, and not havo to stand up, interesting visit to Sanpete, where she had enin which she urged the sisters to appreciate herself in joyed doing Temple work, and in huddled together like so many sheep, to nibble the value of the Relief Society, as it had been the Relief visiting Society, "they are loving away at their lunch; and they should have an considered of such importance as to be recordand united there." Urged the sisters to get a hour, and not an halfaiThour, at noon; and ed in the Book of the Law of the Lord. spiritual education, said in this respect we that there shall be the best sanitary conditions The following brauehes were hen represent-ed- : have had the lame blessings as our brethren; and conveniences. Mrs. .Margaret Steele, First Ward; Mrs. we can have the same privilege and elevation But the law U nothing unless you have an Ann McGregor, Second? Mrs. Frances Smith, that they have; exhorted the mothers to teach, enforcer. Let the women enforce the laws. Third; Mrs. Celia Kirke, Fourth; Mrs. Ann their children the principles of ;pur Let. the men and women sitting. in their clubs Sixth: Mrsr and to live good lives, and set a goodreligion,, Brimlev, Fifth: Mrs: and saying what a wonderful country this is, examH, Woodbury, Seventh; Mrs. E. B. Fletcher, ple, told the. sisters to try and get in' all the that a woman can dress so cheaply, that the Eighth; Mrs. Barrow, Ninth; Mrs. Jennie wheat they could this harvest, it would be sewing machine has made such a difference Lean, Tenth; Mrs. M. McMaster, Eleventh; wanted, and to urge the members to attend that you hard ly h ave anything to pay for Mrs. Julia Bruce, Twelfth; Mrs.L. A. Wells, "liieetiiigsTlt would increase . their faith, and your clothes, and have so much more time and Mr3. M. W. lhirteenth; Wilcox, Fourteenth; help them in good works. money to improve your mind, know how it is Mrs. Mary Grey, Fifteenth; Mrs. E. Davis, Mrs Sr- - M. Kimball jaid herlabor3 had : they get their collars and cuffs so cheap. Let Sixteenthj-Mrs-rEbeen in the Relief Society for nearly half a them look into the wan faces of the women who Mrs. Hannah Wright, Eighteenth; Mrs. Ann century; thought our young sisters should take make these garments, and receive these prices E. Neal, Nineteenth; Mrs. M. Sharp, Twenhold in the Relief Society and not let all the for their work ! Women are too good hearted tieth; Mrs. Jeremy, Twenty-second- ; Mrs. S. J. burden rest to tolerate all this, if they know the cause. upon so many old and middle-ageCannon, Farmers; Mrs. S. Gibson, Sugar wo uld like to see a greater u n i ty i n our Bring them face to face with the workers and House;, M work; the Relief Society should help the sufthey will soon work up such a public opinion Mrs. Ann Griffith, Union; Mrs. C. Smith, and shou Id wdrk with the Rel ief that the hours and 'rates of wages will be : Draper; Mrs. Bodell, Herrimauj Mrs. Mary fragists and they ladies, and all for the better..,,! mu changed young Society help Mountain Dixon, Dell; Mrs, W. Olsen,, Sandy; "tprallv In order to get your minds stirred up by advise lor"TmpF6v aMrs. Anu Holt, South Jordan; Mrs. M. A. 0 u onug-peo- f :. Waji"of:remembrah d$riry North-Jarda- irr ry MrFTMar ot virtue, we should never do anything roverty, oy Helen Uampbell. When 1 was ranger; iurs. A. to. Hirst, Tleasant Green; paths we cannot ask the blessing of .God upon, Ex iiLBoston4n th winter of 1888," I read in .".the Mrs. Jane Silcox, Riverton; Mrs. M. A. w pressed a ish to hear a woman read the papers that some of the professors of Harvard rHazon, Brighton; Mrs. M. A Mousley, Bluff-dale- . Declaration of Independence on the Fourth of University had been having a great deal of ' . July, prayed theLjtoA..tQJ.nspire.Ji3individu--ally- , talk with a socialist. His name was Laurence Pres. Home jnadeaLfe w encouraging re Gronluud. He was a Dane, and those men to work in that channel where we would marks, said she thought we should all hln acco m fills h the mas socialist they ndpeiallyomef-theunladieshm- hr Pres. Home made a few closing remarks ever met. Many think every socialist an take hold and do some of the work. hoped all would think well of what Mrs: Kim-ba- l anarchist, but here was one who was most reConference adjourned to "2 p. m.f singing had; said uporf the woman question, it reputable. I had the pleasure of an interview doxology, benediction by Mrs. S. M. Kimball. with him, and I was wonderfully interested in minded her of what the five fatherless girls Afternoon session: Meeting commenced by didin aucient .time?; -- hU ideaszi: Hezsdd4aniieTbpIeMriIl7 Jn'lheay8Mlp3e9r. singing, ''Oh, myFatherThou-tha- t . .dwellest ' will Those'girlj-obfainedthnot read of inherimy book, because it is dry, but rights pxayer oy airs, jv noward; singing, Mid the; tance same as thereVai wonderful their brethren; through ingifted-ma- n who has put. seenf?s M adnsion'- - etc opening book Moses into a had to ask the Lord; my story, indjh&jimJkJlQk dress was made by Pres. B. W. Smith,' in terceding, though wewiid-haward.' uacK mg hoped 1Xixeadhathantl-l!:- d' O sms exnortea m i m ne- tm u t n a m t n " ward Bellamy, its author, says that from the behind the veil prepare for the coming oftheSaviox, to be government Conference adjourned for three months. year 2,000 he looked backward to the year Keep tne oaoath day holy, una to un- uuriii, thank Thee. O God." etc.. bene- - 1887, and saw, from that blessed and wondersinging uum ine nener society. , ful time, the terrible condition we are in now. diction by Mrs. Julia Druce. 1, Counselor H. M. Whitney spoke a upon He tells what might be done, as if it had reallv oneness of spirit, and of feeling, she sorrowed -TA " ft t course are there Uf m characters nappeiied. y5: U: MyuuiKuway-irom-tntr-trutb- 7 "THE COMING BROTHERHOOD. the story, and there's a snice of romance and knew.. .thp.v me ieii wicnoiugs, j greatest all that; but if is to me' a wonderful book. I blessings followed obedience, knew we had a at do not see is in it'should not come (MISS FRANCES E. WILLARD.) great mission to fill; hopd we would - all be to pass. If all would say, "Let us have no iHeparecl to meet the Savior. The Woman's Council do can something, in enmity, let us nave no outrage, let us have Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, spoke of her desire this line. of about seventv mutualism, let us have ' collectivism, let us todo good, her appreciation of the blessings societies oi Representatives women hav already loined't. -- If - have arbitration, ler: us havederaTiom-- " sne had received, thousrht. it was f imp wp those women, representing seventy different stead of the wage system, and let it come not stepped forward and became acquainted with societies and tens of thousands of by revolution, but by evolution," I think it politics, that we might understand the laws of members, if would hold a council on they the of this evolution will might be. The our country, and know our white of rights and priviif would subject slaves, be work the un little they white papers dropped into the leges, and then we would be better a petition tc city councils, rsomeihin wouloT dox oaiiot the way it is to be done. is , ihat iaJien'humanitv to arUe fmm Ua;w.,n come ot it. . A city council would not act beWorkingmen are reading the Testament. mtion; knew that we needed the spirit of tte cause of the petition alone but the neonta whet 1 s tudyinV-bo-u OHe hejrereadingand Gospel and faith to accomplish what we sign t h e will think bout a the wonderful petition character The subject. i ousrht to do. t. v V. :i .. CarmuSDn T i ii ...,i i it' They" are ""reading and studying about His as inspectors; that v there, shall be a ideal of brotherhood, and what"" kind of a 1 rrr.'"'" : g t ' , work-iugme- n, g, fire-escap- e -- -- .; . x ry-go- -- od T : . . i tisr t 1 - - E.-Brito- 1 girls'-are-toldjihat-- th -- . 1 " ' ' '" w -- 1 -- n. . - mm d, -- and-keepitliemii- nrrths We-bater- ifffef -- , y-p- -- : t-go- saide-ivasthenQioItIehs- od ibIe .- eir ., 1 -i Y T : 1 v -- i . - "-- n 1 -- why-wh- . good-hearte- d best-par- t alolyeo 