WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 156 On motion of Dr. Pratt the Resolutions were endorsed as read. rticle II of its Constitution, this Association sh.vlNseek to concentrate the efforts of all the ad- A n i n v i t a t i o n w a s e x t e n d e d t o all "1 o" joi rTt W vj.ates of woman suffrage in the United States by it time Informed' and were was th following methods: (1) It shall hold annually Association, they to renew memberships. Meeting adjourned for in Washington one meeting of delegates (accordone month, prayer by the Chaplain. ing to the basis of representation stated in Cornelia II. Clayton, Secretary. II) for the transaction of business", the officers and the advocacy of its principles; and it may hold one or more other Conventions CONSTITUTION annually for the advocacy of its principles! (2) It OF THE shall form State or .Territorial Associations National-AmericaWoman Suffrage As auxiliary to itself in every State and Territory soc lATIONr where none such now exist; and, recognizing the authority of Us auxiliaries "In" their "respective ARTICLE" 17 " The name of this Association shall be The States and Territories, it shall promote their loca work by every means in its power. (3) It shall National-America- n Woman Suffrage Aspublish tracts, speeches and other documents, and sociation. shall furnish the same to State and local Suffrage ' ii. article Associations and to individuals at actual cost. this Association shall be to secure !The object of (4) It shall prepare and circulate petitions to in protection theirright to vote to the women Congress and to State and Territorial Legislacitizens of the United States by appropriate tures on behalf of the political and civil equality ' National and State Legislation. . of women. (5) It may employ one or more organizers and lecturers, and take such other article in. measures for the promotion of woman suffrage-a- s Section . All citizens of the United States the Executive Committee shall determine subscribing to this Constitution and paying not less than one dollar annually into the treasury of upon, subject always to the will of the Associa- r tion. ' this Association shall become members hereof, and shall beentitied to attend all its meetings, to II. BASIS OF REPRESENTATION. participate in all discussions that may arise and Section 1. Any State or Territorial Woman to receive reports and other documents published Suffrage Association, and (in a State or Territory by it. where there is no State or Territorial Suffrage Section 2. The payment of fifty dollars ($50.00) organization auxiliary to the National American in BY-LA- i - American Woman Suffrage Association shall hold one session preceding the opening of each annual Convention in Washington and another session after the conclusion of such Convention; and the Committees having in charge the arrangements for the Annual Convention shall always take cognizance of such meetings of the Executive Committee and make provision for them. . " r' By-La- w elec-tioS- of n BY-LA- -- " IV. TbeI. Executive Comraitteelof the vJNational- - - " -- W 1 '"7 V. ' W The decisions reached by the Executive Com- mittee shall be presented in the form-o- f recom mendations at the business sessions of the Convention. -- ..' , . BY-LA- YI. W . ------ - 1 BY-LA- intalhe--treasur- .of y ihisAssaciation shali-xon-- - article IV. The officers of this Association shall be a President, a Vice President at Large, a Recording Secretary, a Corresponding Secretary,' a Treasurer, a Chairman of the ;xecuiiv Committee and two Auditors. The officers named in this Section shall be nominated by an informal ballot at a business session of the Annual Convention of the Association, Three persons-receivinthe highest number of votes for any office shall be considered the nominees of the Convention for that office, and the will of the Association shall be taken by a formal ballot. Wherever -- State and Territorial Section Associations auxiliary to the National-Americ- an Association exist, the Presidents of such Associations shall be considered Vice Presidents of the National-Americ- an Association, representing therein their respective States and Territories. Section 3. Each State or Territorial auxiliary Association shall elect from its membership one person to serve on the Executive Committee of Association. the National-AmericaSection 4. The President of the National-America- n Woman Suffrage Association Section 1. g n shalljippoL'iXa Executive Board any State or Territory where no State or Territorial Association exists auxiliary to Association" the National-America""The officers enumerated in the preceding Sec- Hons of this Article shall constitute the Executive Committee of. this Association ; of these officers, fifteen shall constutej , ' ' tion of business. j Section 6. The Executive Committeeshali elect annuallyfrom the veterans of our cause ten or more Honorary Vice Presidents. n. v--,-- ARTICLE V. : p' This Constitution may be amended by a ma jority vote at any annual meetingjjiotice of the amendment having been given at any preceding annual meeting. BY-LA- W I. For the accomplishment of the object specified WomairSuffrage'Associalioh) anyIocar"Wo"man Suffrage Association may become auxiliary to; the National-AmericaWoman Suffrage Association ' into the treasury of the National-Amer- iby paying can Association annually twenty-fiv- e cents (25) member of its entire membership. per Section 2. It shall be the duty of the Treasurer of each auxiliary Association to send to the Treasu Suffrage Association, before January 1st in each year, a list certified to by its President or Record ing Secretary of the members of said organiza-tion-fo- r the current year. Section' 3.. Every such Auxiliary Association shall be entitled to send three delegates to the Annual Convention of the National-America- n Woman Suffrage Association, and one delegate- in addition for every twenty-fiv- e members above a membership of fifty. The" delegates actually present may cast the whole number of votes to which the Auxiliary Association is entitled. Section 4. Any State or Territorial - Woman Suffrage Association which' is not auxiliary to the National-America- n Association may send one delegate to the annual meeting of the National- American Association. ; Section 5. All officers of the National-Ame- ri can Suffrage Association shall be dele- ovu wixicr &ua.u De en in titled to one vote all the business" meetings of n " - ex-offic- io 1- . .. - - T" xne issociationSection 6. Where there are two State Societies in one State, both of them auxiliary tn th the President of each shall be a Vice President of the aiional-Ameriran and each shalt elect i tsowK National-America- n, -N- National-America- - t . BY-LA- VII. W on Resolutions shall consist of one person from each State and Territory elected by the delegation from the organization The Committee represented. BY-LA- VIII. W -- W -- stitute any citizen of the United States a Ljfe Member of the Association, with all the privileges belonging to the regular annual member. Every delegate shall be entitled to one vote on all questions, but only on the election, of officers' shall the delegates be entitled to cast the full vote, to which the organizations represented by them are entitled. "'" n titledlo one delegate for each bers. l. BY-LA- W ...L;....- twenty-fiv- e mem- - "IIt.-RE- p ; All delegates (except the delegates at T ViW specified in Section 5 of II) must present UCUCUU4ls piupcny signed Dy the President and Recording Secretary of the orzanizatinn sented. Membership cards properly signed bv Mic ireasurer ot the National-America- n Woman Sufirage Association shall serve as credentials body who are nnt gates irom other bodies. : By-La- w At the concluding, business session of each Annual Convention the President of this Association shall appoint the following Committees, each Committee to consist of three persons, viz.: a Committee on Credentials to have irrcriarge the credentials of delegates to the next Annual Convention; a Committee on Program to arrange the program for the next Annual Meeting, and a Congressional Committee to have in charge the direct Congressional work during the year which shall intervene between the time of its appointment and the next Annual Convention in Wash ington. -- BY-LA- IX. W The report up to the ist of January preceding the Annual Washington Convention shall be read at the first business session of that body. SALT LAKE STAKE- The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake was held in the 14th Ware! Assembly Rooms December 19th 18s9, Mb. "M. Isabella Home presiding. On the stand were seated- - Pre3.: Zina' DrlIrToung7 Mrs. B. W, Smith, Mrs S. M. Kimball and Mrs.- - E. Howard the Secretary. Meeting with opened singing. "We thank Thee O, God for a prophet," i:; Prayer by Mrs. Margaret McMaster. Singing, "Do what is right the day dawn b breaking!' Roll called 15 presidents,. 12 counselors 2 Jaerkj-ponded.:.:;Yejbal-'reportin-rief::- :i given a3 follows 2nd ward Mrs. McGreger, 3rd Mrs. Frances Smith, 6th Mrs. JE. Britton, 8th Mrs. E. B. Fletcher, Oth Mrs. M. , Bar ro w, 10th Mrs. E- - Paul, 11th xMrs. McMaster. 12th Mrsujia Bruceil3th31rsWeli314th Jtk Mrs. M. 7 Wilcox IBflfMra. Diana Refd, 17th Mr B. V. Smith, 18th Mrs. Ellen Barton. 19th Mrs. Ann E. lt 20th Mrr union, iSirj. uox. Pres. Horne; then md6DTe'1nst"ructive remarks upon theKiuties of those holding official also and to mothers in regard to the positionsi of children, while- - thev were - verv"t- training youijg. Conference then adjourned until 2 p.m.1 smging Doxology. Benediction by Mrs. B. W " Smith. . : yAfternoonBession: singing, "0 my Father 3JtTng)pehed thou tliat dwellest,' wTth 