WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ppointed him to slant! "as father and Patriarch to His choseu people; a people designed to be the receptacle of His divine call; also through the lineage of this people was destined to be boriv the Redeemer of the world, who will eventually reign' King ofjkipFaficL Lorcf of lord's" over all His vast creation. -Such a favored and exalted personage as this old patriarch Abraham was, we would, certainly without doubt accept it as in established fact; that he must be a perfect pattern bf righteousness, purity, and unsullied - But .strange virtue; without spot lor, . blemUL .. , . . , The Apostles and Prophets of the ofd testament fore.r.w all these ead events; and they aWfo'rsaw the restoration; not only the restoration bf the Gospel but', the restoration of all things, inth'e dispensation of the ful- - .... i 1 scripture, the theme of ancient Prophets and nlart nf frwmpr ilv Quints; whf through the spirit of inspiration and visions of the Almighty penetrated "thousands' of years down from the era in 'which they lived and spoke a perfect auranco"of 'its' consequences, he knew if he proclaimed that obnoxious principle publicly, death would be the inevitable . aud human nature wa3 weak and he fanrfn nrrlpnl. hilt, fill ?tflinPfl fmrrt iYta DV,.o1' .1111 1.111. V .II re-su- it; W 1 I I J I 1 A 1 mm V & w Vk. .w byln!Tmtestrength, he calmly and patiently Bubmitted.to the Divine injunction; laid down' his precioii3 and valuable life in defence of the pfinrfid nrinninle. - -- - .' . g ! , ; How important how infinitely important, in the plan of redemption, must be that pririci- pie ot . .tne uospei, to require so no and how. very careful should we be about hreathinj;zone - derogatory word, or speaking of a principle that cost the best blood of th6 nineteenth century. Still with what enmity and unabating hostility is that sacred principle followed up. Its advocates incarcerated, in prison, their wives and children de- oie-a-sacrifi- . . ; and prophesied,' in such glowing terms of the fulness of times," the7"restitutionZQf all things, spoken of by all the holy prophets since J.he " and choseir world began generation this honored holy, God 7" personage was a veritable rolvframistrattho ., It would make this article too lengthy to very time, while he was receiving tfce divine enumerate all that has to be restored. Suflico law right from the mouth of Jehovah. Had it to say, every-thinconnected with thi? he lived in this age of morals and purity he planet, "man and beast including the face of would have been thrust into prison, or per-- j the earth, with all theTchanges which &in and chance shot down in the street. Kot only did? anthQ.adversaryf--alUrighteousres5-have-wrougthis an cien t worthy-pract- ice "the "obnoxtouij to marnd defacQJt3beauty, havo protection from those bound by love and covehe to his but transmited it prosterity.f "(from thelayings of the1 prophets) all, to be nant to guard, and protect them, and also, deprinciple His grandson had four wives and thus it was' restored in the times of the restitution of all barred from redress by the laws of the land. from generation to generation as' things. handed A land baptised in blood to purchase the freeThe next thing to be considered is, what is dom and liberty which guarantees to every long as the descendants of Abraham existed as' and-laa nation. Moses the great' law receiver the first of all to be restored? In all ages of individual the right to worship Almighty God also to! talked with God face the world,' 'when the Lord designs to overgiver' who according to the 'dictates 'of', lib or her face received the law direct from Jehovahj throw a place or people He sent a prophet to ' was himself also a polygamist warn them. In the case of the flood, Sodom Nevertheless, although the adversary may - t. p irrr mi i il. j we mu uo man 01 and Gomorah, Iinevah aud many others t6o rage and the nation conspire against the truths iracu mis iqus practice condemned principle down to the reign of numerous to mention,He alwajs warned them of the Gospel even all the world to abolish then what arc we to Expect at the great event thi3 latter-da- y ' n work, established by Almighty " a David manNafter God's heart' own the all of restitution of whole King God for the redemption of a fallen world, to thing3? when the had hundreds of wi ves -- and his ion Solomon vast universe is to be changed cleansed from restore it to its gloryx andi . splendor; :n pristine i . after him, and in neither case were they even' sin and pollution, regenerated and restored to it.:.. t.i. , wai uruvo iuiae; lor wno. or wnat uieu tiiuiuj it3 primeval - beauty and purity; of course the 13 man, that he should measure arms with Hi3 reproved for. the number of their wives. David was condemned and his wives taken' Lord would send Therefore fearnotror" be cast down, aprophetjvho could jhroughJ thrt rnqA nf from him because of he iiwpifation'oT Almighty God look through Saints of the Most High, but lather rejoice ye Uriah's wife, and Solomon because of his tak-- ! the vista of unborn ages and acquaint the in that ye are ot that assemhly who are wilhug to 1 n n at rt rvfrei itti psa" fmm a lxv. . ) A. a habitants of with the earth the events abnnf. stand firm in the vindication of the truth and iul Diiuucu muj luumuuua' Through the prophet Nathan God said, He to occur in the near future, thu3 prepare the, commandments of Heaven, though not admisgave David his wives and would have done world for the great revolution about to take sible bv the law3 ot the land, to Dractice tha x rf . more for him had he not sinned. There is not place, and warn them of the judgments preprinciples in which we believe, yet we know in an instance either in theold or NewTestament an God be to out pared by whom we trust, ..that-His able, and la.Hu. poured atgry "upon where a man was reproved or even cen3u red own due time, will deliver Bis' people. ui ma uumuer OJ BIS Wives. in me ;cas The next thing to be restored -jaiheLosp AlthQugblikeap:eenba if the Lord had been the least displeased- - in Surely all. iu mi alHtiailnesrandlBlIr . . ..... . ... . i era in nourisn lor a snore lime- - mace lies .i i tive"gtfts?andIeising3 that adorned itas es-- their refuge, behind which they strive to conot divina especiauy '"'mose receptacles linl laoiisnea ny jesu3 Ulinst in the flesh. ' ' ceal their hideous hydra-head;- ; ere long the " law.""' , ;; Consequently from of truth will whirlwind every; principle;: their sweep away refuge of lies . Oa -the contrary" it is very plain Ha rfi, tb e earliest period of creation to; the 4 present aud the waters will, overflow their hiding ; not. ,. ..: . .. time, must be restored and linked together to ' place. And when the sword of Heaven is unAfter the reign of David and Solomon little make a perfect chain, when the times of. the sheathed and wars and bloodshed deluge : the mention is maue 01 plurality ot wives, but one restitution of all things takr-- nlnoo nw land; and famine and pestilence shall sweep off thine? is certain, there cannnt ho fnnnA' in who dare assert that the of principle patriar- Jtheinhabitants thereot, until; few men are left. sacred or protaue history anything to prove -a divme U. KwlrsVK I. Vr. cuatmarriagQwasnot kaf principle? in men win tne righteous, those wno have stood f flat contradiction of Jehovah. valiant for the cause of truth, stand in holy Christian ears.until we como down to the Therefore as itstands forth substantiated days by places and bo not moved. Therefore ye who bf Catholicism. the words of God, it must of necessity (accordhave kept all the commandments of God lift After the establishment of the Christian to the Prophets) be restored. It is a ing rrzzzr part u p your heads ancLrejoice- ,- -churchat Rome and death cf St. Peter heresy Lnd portion of the 'Chris f fan Gospel rr every T" Z Eliza D. Gibus T7 began to. creep into the churchr they: adopted truth revealed to man' the through inspiration the rites and ceremonies of the heathen nations of the spirit of God, belongs to the O around them. Splendid robes, mitres, is a tiaras, portion of the grand andjgloriou3 piaiiof. wax tapers, crosiers, image3,LggM.aniiilver ca.ionuu wi rcuempwon oi tne numan uv4 ou wu lUlO luQ CuUrctl But with nctcnuypieu family. many other glorious princi- SAN JUAN STAKE. imiiiau5. ureBU.s, auu aan trnm plesj)fsalvatioi:4Lwasjca3tout4)y-theohufeh" their idolatrous insiitutions. of Rome and trampled in ' the mire of heathen The Quarterly Con fcren The laws of Rome in rerrard tn "btaKe Kelief Society wa3 held at BfuffMav 25. nogomyanilfore other principle of .truth, Jehovah has in wuo viwuau era uau any passea away restrictions age of theworld vouchsafed Singing "Lord we come before thee i restricted !!fJJa.Qix restored at the restitution of all things. "to one wife and their Prayer "by Bishop Jens Keilson. Singing "How priests to none. C A nrl rt We read of those who have beto the church continued to digress until profesed jneuieu auu uiessea was l. scarcely lieve m this principle of patriarchal Pres. Jane M. Walton made the a vestige of its former self existed, marriage where was ever the man but opening re- found; when has wel1 to nieet with the Thus, in this, the 19th century what do we the man iT'St1 ever lived, since the sisters, spoke now behold? a mere skeleton; of the ofthc different Wards she had visited since apostacy for scarcely that,' Romish who church, dares to raise his voice in last it is not a perfect structure of the Primitive conference, viif reported them as doin and public promulgate;: this Church; only an unsightly and deformed wreck doctrine ? well. - Thought the sUters ghould be united! , None ! until a Prophet of disrobed and disrupted . in order to do the most good. Spoke at some f length on the duties of D vine authority.: to restore Society and and graees-wit- hout the unadul-tea Prophet, without ra pure, its members. ed principles of the ; -- Minutes Apostles or any guidance to hold them in aU Gospel of Christ, in of last Conference read and m tulness, was raised up land : commanded unisonrthat; oneness which the Savior ; ; . accepted. to pfoclaim it to the world. : , His disciples td adhere to. : Pres. Kristen Neilson He had, through the reported the Bhf inspiration of Heaven Society said it is in gootf order, and -- - ce; ht -- . -- 1 J Oi-eato- hia-sin-- -- in 7 11 1 1 11 L11 1 1 , - e " inr w . ; - - - . ; , i .JM 1 V man-condemne- 4wg--HoiyPrie3tho- d fe" oathed the-Relie- . ex-bort- ed : ; - running , 