WOMAN'S EXPONENT. are an exorbitant price and the poorest quality, of flour black and peculiar tasting $5. per. " ""100 IbFand the, little" variety you can get - to go with4t - as yetlnTlruU orrows here.thousrh 'tis pronounced an exceUpnt climate tor many kind3TTrish potatoes do not do well as they decay at an early stage. A3 one drives up to Overton the place presents rather a pretty view after riding so long through rocks and sand, without na through a settlement, the first sign of one be- uunuw juiwuu ui tut! CUhU X3 ' a llifo T grove o f co t ton wood trees t h o ugh Hey rather-lost their beauty for me when I was informed each settler was compelled to plant a certain portion of his land with them, or do without fuel of any kind; they are topped once in two years; every thing" rapidly: at the end 01 tnat time a new supply of fire- wood. m alAli?Jtei! presume the shade th the summer, Though- -! A3. yCTy., ,Bte wuuiu tuiuii. uluui vttnenca uiigut oe introduced thereby breaking the monotony of the scene The weather is very warm if nothing more. . . 1 n .1 i 1.1 during tneuay ana me nies right now are worse than I ever saw them at any time in Utah, at night just as soon as the sun has gone to rest there is a damp chilliness exists mat is uiuiuuii, maKing one apfire: a cood this with the alkali on preciate the water I believe i3 a great cause of the people guttering so much lrom chills and fever. ine people generally own considerable land ana eptertain great . hopes oi .realizing rich - returns' from their produce etc. when th rail. road comes through, at that time if I am t;i! here I shall expect to get butter for something icaa mttu ivuy ueuia per. xu. anu emeu peaches . I trust will be cheaper than twenty cents a lb. and come from California or Utah, it is hard to tell fthich ot us will get our desires Z grantedpnathins I am. assu red of this-Ksr- H working community will earn all they may . get at auy lime. ,AVages .fbr manual labor are ver low for the Indians here like the Chinese in some other parts work for so little, they are employed in preference to the white men, an THE COIN OF POLITE SOCIETY. Whenever lPakes J - J . J" ... tu-ueacn- . . j IMianjjilLwork-welLteii-.hour- good order and that you liked certain w thin trs placed in a certain way, wa3 careful always to do it. To the stranger who holds ooen' th dnnr fnr 793- t0 tne evatoiL!maQ who saves'you climb-inso many staiw, to the mau who vive vnn & seat in the car or omnibusL and to any aha ot any kind. : We are apt to be very stingy"with our thanks: to accept thincrs entirely too much for granted, and to believe, in having courtesies shown us, that they are only what we deserve. Now this is the wronsr way of looking at it and some day it will serve that girlright that girl who believas that the good things of life in the way of politeness are hers lawfully, and without any effort ou her part they can be retained will discover her mistake. You can never be too generous with thank-vou'thev are the current coin of polite societv. the circn. lation ;"of which tends to "make everybody more eeger to ao unto others as you would be done by. No girl makes a mistake who has a thank you always ready. It is the index to a good character aud a Iovinir heart. Politeness isgolden, and thank you is the coin which passes everywhere and is recognized by all. i?tA Ashmore in Ladies Home Journal. g - body-MJmiQlJlhJs- ' :;,- -- - ..-- - - s: -- ilia iaii 8ensical title of "tialeslady." It is a great thing to be a woman anything; if you area, true and goud woman.a good clerk is infinitely '' more respectable than a 'saleslady, . .1 J . .. I. i. l . wmcu is u miuuuyiau nuu i.ue term uas xiug ' m, ws lun lrkifTi UTrtftiftnlir uottVi so-call- i.i. enrtrn ed : . totally Out of two hundred clerks in a large establishment, the favorite with nearly all of the customers is a young women who invariably. dresses in black, and has such charming manners that it is a positive pleasure to visit un-Americ- W An jjadiesJtloni Journals STORING - GRAIN. A Dew method of storing grain is being introduced, which is as remarkable as the invention of ensilage pits for storage of fodder. Steel tanks are filled with the grain, and by a suction pump the air is partly exhausted, and a quantity of carbonic acid gas is admitted. The valves being closed, the grain is expected Lwithoutxlecayr autf ilJ"liQJrJfrara to be injured by weevils; so distructivo in the vast elevators where grain is now stored. The cost is less, the storage per bushel being about onejtwelfth whatit is under the present system- - Farmers will be able to keep their grain till the markets are favorable and the proceedings of grain speculators will be checked. With a steel tank at an outlav of the growerill unable' to rt store ten thousand bushels ot wheat. not-liaq- le GIRLS BEHIND THE COUNTER. T T. i ii . .1 1 m were asKeii crivc. a - n they are qu ite an in teliigen t loo kin g tri be their women are rather good looking, proud and tasty about their dress, and show great affection for their offspring! It is not an occurence to see the halfgrown ones dancing homeward with their arms entwined lovingly around each other like our good natured romping school girk. I. have not seen an "Exponent" since my arriyeal here there are no subscribers here and having to depend on the pony express 'tis very doubtful when our mail will Ten oh na nt . nr rn v . v. sj be-nr suiisrestions for girls whose days are spent hind the counter they would read something - like this:"-Remember that all the time spent in the store belongs to your employer. That courtesy behind the counter wins even the most captious customer. That gossip about young men, or with them, is unbusinesslike, and uuder the circumstances,' rude. Never attempt to instruct a customer; while, you may suggest, or politely question, the desirability of this or that. Do no t sayr " Herer"Sad e, hand me your pencil," to your neighbor. - " un-freque- . yourj-oom-i- n Customers are often repelled by uutidy clerks of either sex. teuiember"ways,'that'"y6u are superior to circumstances only when you make yourself so. The most seltTsh, exactiugtmployer will gladly recognize the merits of an efficient clerk. ; for- - fiftv- - ft wrrrafrfaWi-oTt- ir shown you, my dear, be always carefuK to say moex to 'iThank good breeding iuauja,c you. Certainly you say it to the man fripnd Who has given you an evening of amusement the at theater or the concert, or who has taken you to and fetches you from a friend's home. To whom eeehould it? yon To the maid servant whn hamlsay n ,wn a special point .of keeping . 03 3 Kflr. ' . po QUEEN ISABELLA PAVILION. One of the prinucipal objects of thejQ,ueen IsabdlaTTAsldcratrduitb Turnisan inter- national Club House, with Congress Hall for the use of women during the World's Fair. One dollar apiece from the women of the United States and Foreign Countries , will make possible: A commodious Social Heawell-equippe- dquarter' with d, Congress Hall. Grand Conventionh of women on the industrial and social problems of the day. Conference of women each in her own de- "partmeut of Science, Art, Literature, Thought or Occupation. , The certificate of membership, fee $Ihon-assessablreads as follows: 'Thati...... ..is a oociety Associations here I'm informed there crisp tone; far better a polite "I am sorry to are member of the Queen Isabella Association WtrlnstocE" no :sayweiioTiot meetmgsoeeassionalljronlhBabhath, I social gatherings of Uo not thrust a package at a customer as until andduringthe World's Fair of 1892, and any kind as there is not a i3 entitled to the privileges of the Association muscat instrument in the place. I am you would a pistol in the face of a highway? man. and the benefits of the Queen Isabella Pavilion : should I ever be privileged to return . .;' Never throw down gpoda .with an air. which, wherever the Exposition is located.' tDe many dear associations I have left, that e thewill.-temorFive dollars will entitle the, sender to one than seems"toTsliyTfJrd6not care whether you bny :iugEry"lreciated ever. One thing the air we breathe here i3 it or not. share of the Queen Isabella Statue Fund, ""fRemember free and has never that the purchaser often sees limi ted and n e, to one certificate of yet been tainted with the she seller than in terras employed by the courts in the thinks, and refined membership in the Association, and to one enforcing the more made have women valuable friends for year's subscription of the Queen Isabella Edmunds law. Our rest refreshing and never young disturbed with that tiresome sickening sound, life;"by;., .eir'epurtesy to an. accomplished, Journal. All property and fund of the Asjociation ''Uulawful cohabitation." I have conversed customer. that duty to your at "the close of the Fair are at the disposal of freely with a number of the opposite sex and Always remember, not charged with that dreadful crime, so the members by" ' ballot. employer demands your bestservice, and duty my fond friend3 "there 13 no to yourself also. loss without great ' ome small gain." Adieu' for this time. Seek to be a model saleswoman, and some one will soon recognize your merits. NQTESANDNEWBr E. A. Crane Watson " ' avoid Dress and modestly OvemnNevadvBec. 8,18907 cheap jewelry,the The first number 'of the Weiber Zeilung best ornaments are: promptness, politenessand nd a well modulated voice,-a(the- - VVomen's i) au rn alrin"thePOTish" tongue and in Hebrew" characters, has appeared, in to dutv. 'If we are created-ithe image of God, we Have your: hair neatly combed yonr teeth New York. It advocates the right of women also must be creators. Carmen Sytva eJllJ)riislifidLaii(Ly cuiiLngei-nails-- tidy. to vote e, . con-confide- nt ' - ' ; 1 on-assessa- b . ' . striet-atrent- kii n -- 