H0 - 'heTRigJds of the Vol.. Women of. Zion, Maricooa Utah; "Women of the Bible Adelia Resolutions of' Respect To v. 'Cox Sidwell. Marv Tane Tanner. .Obituary. Editorial: Election Day. Birthday Honors -Remembrance. Old tKa w 1 U K Thomas' New Store. , Enthusiasm. M. E. M. K. Thoughts "Suggested by Utah Courts H. "":w"" Whirnev. L. M. Hewlings. Unfinished. AfroM Tmalton. One Word. Walter Bruce. la" Shares and Flats yui JUiUlbl " "J " ' Fetch ,i Eugene Field. 'Twould .. Folks-Entertainm---- For . ;. , UNFINISHED .. soul-inspirin- g , Then who is to arm and give strength to their 'hands, And point out the snares m the way That safely they"pass thro'the foe's routed bands. And fall not, the slain in the fray? ; O skill, and O wisdom, attend and give aid; ' The task is so mighty it makes me afraid! ;. My beautiful girls and boys! I had put by work unfinished, the wayr Aye, laid it quite out of in Thinking "thafsolnetirae HrnesfrT t could finish without delay;"-- - t In Autumn perchance, or Winter, 1 V.; When the Summer had passed away When nothing would come to hinder, Of work to be done or play. . ; - " . wisdom to .guide Lord give-jii-e ' ,.; lA few' days, these dear ones along; uTo warmly encourage each; high, worthy thought, . And tenderly weed out the wrong'. mansions above, the ; If I be found worthy love Oh, grant that my "welcome be kisses and Fromhese very girls and boysi -- But I paused not then to gather, v . . ' Gay butterflies around me flew, ' ; , And careless I followed after With ne'er worthy a aim in view. , Yet time with Its busy fingers, r of Day, Kept sewing the leaves 'Till volumes of cheq'ered pages Stem history had borne away, " Chronicled "annual record,""" Faithfully of merit or of shame , Recorded temptations resisted of blame Every deed, of praise or Each volume was blurred and blotted, With Sweet Mercy's pitying tears; For she had kept watch unceasing, ; of Throughout all the swift flight years. When all were folded and numbered, With record of good and ill; T saw by the light of conscience, : still. Mv work L. M. Hewlings, - : b ( : - Dear- . . , ... ; ' '" o-F- ; ' , through the :Jing occasionally )ause heft ; 2 Dalton. Lu Manti, U. T, A PLEASANT DAY. --- i. '" . ai-tendi- ng ' Th rnArni'nfy rirlft hftil been most enioyable fTnrdincr finft Danoramic clin'pses :of the at the Thuringian mountains and now ending uii-beautiiuiiytheEiiuaieu TKnrinorian f y1, forest. : It was still when we alighted from tbe iwnl'nd and beauti- ful and seemed to bid us welcome on tuis when the foliage bright, clear spring morning, and. glimmered wet with April dew? glistened a ;n th Bnn'ft first ravs. Just step or two to early . lay-ttnfinis- morning the cleanest and ExroNENT: frh pleasanteit-Ht- d hotel .where- a wash and A generous xjeimsnuiiasL and nreoared us for a long busy day's work. Unlike so many who attempt to do" one season we naa toiterca aiong all Europe-ithe way enjoying! everthing.-t- o the uttermost, untii our time was. weiiiiiM epcui, uuu c could allow ourselves only one day for this in ana teresting city with its wonderful, romantic the historical environs; still, happening tobe" second visit for one ot us, no time neea ue spent. Here not lar trom our noiei uselessly : ' an.'' old Roman i,; f.xn'a near iuc iiu" pntmnp.ft standswe "" TT tower called-- ci. nm0nta tA' kmik-an- a auuinti uui w iuui.u lot Mysterious fate has decreed my and eirls boys, frmy region of whereore and what, ouls asking With hungry young With small, acute griefs and joys, ...... With inquisitive finger and restless feet, fact and deep scorn of deceit; Deep love of pure .Oh, wonderful girls and boys! ; & - , Father's fashioning band They come from the Most beautiful, winsome and wise; His love in their hearts more than ocean sand, And the light of His truth in ttieir eyes of life, They see but the beauty and joy The whole world to them is with glory rife, Oh, envy these girls and boys! : i 1 U3,i ; t all these decades, nay ceniunes, n buu To attempt descrip-::ti6a"oT-themtc- m - m many Jong jrooms and corridors withquamt and interesting irescoed walU and rnalsive the carved ceilings, I can only stop to mention room 3 that interested me 'most. The castle a centuries old style and though more than eight still maintains its original shape, Thq banthe hncst quet hall is a very beautiful room,; nil tho Castle, and the little chapel t KcAa . A" i. utuv I v in that and entering upon is so unique pretty, one immediately feels a desire for worship. The Sangersall is a large interesting room. wim araucuc;, beautifully H .7" ' decorated J.r U wit!. ...otati.. ruu,- tluir . JL j.u Mnin. umiu- VI grand ducal' family. .C....'X: structure y the-- Wartburgri?Tna0d-preserTation:auu xu-frUh- pd AFRAID.. differentstreet3 we commemoration of the victory of 171 and then to the honor of some king or heror here m Carl Street is the birth place of Friedrich Prelier, the painter, and there the house where Luther lived with lrau Umila Uotta, wnue school, but the day is passing, we streets out to hurry on through the crowded the broad road passing the charming where once lived Fritz Renter, a low German castle the one poet, on to the delightful old great attraction of Eisenach The Vartburg. The old castles and to wcrs we had. previously visited were mostly ruins and unoccupied, but . . ; " "r : " "What if through my weakness one soul be lost? One pair of feet wandered astray? Of the heavenly jewel who knoweth the costf , t. t And what to my .Lord should I say? tears Could I join in the songs of the blest without While the cries of the 1 ost ever rang in my cars? : The cries of my girls and boys! 1 Then heedless I followed pleasure, ' Thro' witching walks of idle sport. ; With never a moment's leisure, To pause for the unfinished work; Fresh blooming in Spring's fair garden,; Were flowers of the brightest hue, .Opportunities seed god That glisten d with morning dew. For the . These eager, young spirits are hurrying on, Athirst for the tumult and strife; All crowding and panting in haste to be gone, ; " '" ; To join in the battle of life, , " They know not the ambuscades laid in the way,-- ' Nor the wounds and groans in the heat of the tray; Oh, pity the girls and boys! -- I a . : . . . glance, the most, roagnihicrh born German, with such beautifully laid out gardens that we.long to enter but other points of interest, like windmagnets draw us on through the narrow ing streets until we pauso in an open place befure an old.queer house where a tablet tells us that here in 1385 John Sebastian Bach was born, a humble birth place for one, whose name notes is ever,; re- in grandest, sounding from the sacred cathedral walls .. throughout the universe. streets busiest my . com-- ; Passing along the panion suddenly touches my arm and pointred and ing to a small house, wjiieh by the white stripes one always knows to he a barber encountshop, laughingly savs, "It was there I ered the crazy barber who had it not been for the mirror before me which reflected his maddening look just as the razor cut., my -rheekrwould probably have taken my life.. In a second I spraug to my feet clutched him nrnnnd thR throat and hurled him; in "the xjp with posite- corner, then rushing to the door mv face Mil hleediugI hailed a ;policeman who informed me that only i a few weeks be- r fore had this very barber been releases irom an insane asylum." Fancy a government so strict in, almost every instance allowingi an insane man to practice a profession requi ring-soedangerous tools.- - H owever the incident was not without its charm, happening on the f iha "T?nrphpnfest". Oct. 18, when Etodejrts&m-alHmr- tr many fisitHheou uu Wartburg Castle my scairea lace gave beeu: enimpression that I had but "recently the. regaged in a duel and therefore I became ; cipient of marked attentions.. pasi by with only . f ?t . r the Exponent; " NoS 17. nnrirnt pranduer and Filentlv , but fnrnihW rrmllsto the stranger the history of tho under their Jloraans amUhcirtrlorius-eploitf- t AXf i ir'i With scale seldom erring, my lightest word ' They fearlessly, irravely weigh; '' By iear or by favor quite, undeterred, .They judge me from day to day; . .. ; I dare not be slothful, untrue or weak, condemnaUon speak; Their bright eyes such strong ' ; and terrible boys! girls Oh, ,'Em-Colu- mbus .Dispatch. of all Nations. tain t , ent. -- . t Women and' the Rights of the V - -- liseenaneous.- o r ax - i- But, no; they must learn, and may it be well, ;t Long lessons both bitter and sweet; : for and And here are they clustered, awhile,,. I, Must feed4henv Peter M y sheep. , ; stone? They ask me for bread, shall I give them a Dare I trifle with them who are God's very ow- nHis precious own girls and boys? riesant Dav- Annie W. Cannon. Hephzibab. A n SALT LAKE CITY, UFA II, FEBRUARY 1,180,0. 18. CONTENTS. 7 - ; i f,.ci. Ltuwn w....w- - rival minstreU of" uer t . 