woman's "exponent; 151 It is meant for compliment and cheer, but a hopeless dulness envelopes me from that moment. It recalls a certain woman in' the country, of humorous nature and jocose habit, who was in- mrl t a A .tit. filfi n IIMIa . siunin It i,irMr- in c?mrv1 The good lady was enjoying herself quietly, when peace and comfort took flight at the whispered message from alittle girl, ''Mother says, Won't you please begin to be funny now?'' far-a- s I keep back matter-apossible,, waiting for the report from Washington up to date. I have :a .vision of long descriptions of the brilliant ntprhniim npw;n.inpT' rpnnrts in' mf!n(yO with - , , 1 F i . Does it not show ignorance of the first rule of al true politeness, for true etiquette comes from the heart andls a desire to do as we would be done by, and make all around us happy. It also shows ignorance of the true spirit of the Gospel and of the teachings Savior. : of-ou- r Why should I boast oflands or state, ' Ancestral halls, or place of birth? It is not these that make me great, Or adds one atom to my worth'. Because my brother chanced to be ;.r-j:-r-I- : 3onriC ri " fir distant nation bom :,. : right, an indisputable right, to enjoy all the h onors, th e powers, th6 in tel igen co,- th e great-- : ness, and the position she is capable of attaining, equal with man. She being a responsible". person,ran entity, a free agent, having to give au account of the use she has made of that agency, independent of man, she has the right to the freedom of conscience, the right to become intelligent, to master the sciences, to become great, to be a doctor, a lawyer, to " hold political office, to have a voice in the nation;, she has a right to say who shal handle her taxes, and who shall govern her sons and - 1 - " " y Is he therefore the less than me, I Qt should Uugh him- nto scorn ? God placed His children where He would t isle. On continent or And doubtless fully understood And bad His motives all the while, And judges them from acts alone And not from lands from whence they sprang. That will not matter when 'tis shown Their actions have been right xr wrong. i1 - reserve for it at least four columns. m; horror to receive an and the ...... nnp strinr instead nf - mnnv. , wr - with y. accompanying succinct statement: "This mean little report is all I can send you." .Far be it from me. to contradict the junior I must What Is Judged that . en-vpl- - : - . . eye-witnes- wri t i n g. 'r C. W. ' Fillmore. " Woman ss Journal. ALL NATIONS IN ONE. overn-raeut'- -- ses : ' BikD Robinson. tnk -- - sea-gir- nn confidence. The report is excellent, so far as it goes; but as I think of the , yawning columns which Lhoped to fill with the eloquence of Mrs Stanton, the power of Mr. Foulke, the convincing charm of Mrs. Chant, I am not disposed to differ. will ' tell the whole Next week rich story, of the Washington Couvention; fnd, as when people have nothing else to say or about, they invariably dilate upon their own principle of religious freedom at all hazards, a right: derived from our Maker, also from the fathers of this Great Republic, bought at Uie expense of, their ease, their comfort and their blood. Let it not be said that the blood was shed in vain. Let us acknowledge, the blessing of freedom and liber y! let us cherish it as a heavenly bfjon and resolve to h maintain aisd perpetuate it, a Representative Equal Rights, not for part of. this vast Continent, not to those who have an interest in office and place, but for the people, the Y. S. A. OF EMERY GO. The W. S. A. of Emery Co., held their quarterly meeting. at Huutiugton, Feb. the 9th, 1890. Prei. S. A. Fullmer iu the chair. The choir saug i4Let us be faithful and true,' prayer by BUhop Pulsipher, singing "As thy day thyjtreugth:. shall!; be." r, The business-of-th- e Association was proceetletl with. affc-- r which an address' vas given by Mrs. McGee, upon-thKights aud Privileges of Womkr, we were then favored with a song by Mrs. Allen aud company, an Address by Pres. S. A." Fullmer -- a4wl4)ne 4y-- M r-- T. CrVvery-- - -- e r. Professor Maeser being present was called upon to address the rnettiug, he felt highly pkasedriie had paid no attention hitherto, to the question of Woman Suffrage but to night . he felt interested, he had found that there was safety in woman's counsel, and as he understood our position, he did not think we asked too much, as all would acknowledge that wo- - "I lm no respecter of persons, but in every nation they that fear me and keep my commandments are respected of me." These words were spoken by One whom we should always have in L of whole people. The Constitution itself is but the creature of the public will: and in every crisis1 which threatens it, it must owe its security to the same power to which it owes its origin. r The women of Utah have been deprived of a right .which -- they held most-de- ar the right to vote, that and we may not regain right; but we4iave the privilege of protest, which We do most em phatically and we will continue to petition for our rights as citizens of this "Lund of the free, and home of the brave," it makes our hearts b! eed a ad o u droo p - with shamerwhen we read of our once proud Hag trailing in the dust, heavy with test oaths, iron clad in their nature, and the right of franchise taken from . men and women on account of their religious belief; where is thej spint of the framers of our glorious Coustitution? n here is the spirit of our Pilgrim Fathers, who thanked God that this land was the Asylum of Religioua Liberty? -- I I ie tor v mA r uc t&m 4 hat-- t he-k- r vb ti f --fielimt a 3" Mr. Larsen then addressed the meeting he Liberty is a compound sentiment in the breast eternal Hfe4Ie ts our elder brother, and is continually pleading for us before our Heavenly Father. It is in His name and through His in- , , felr to: TOtai tsrxhzr ladi ei in their example. . It is not my intention however in this article to show the beautiful traits of character of the Savior but to write on the unity that should exist among His chosen people. Israelis scattered through all nations and the Saints are continually sending out Elders to Tell the glad tidings of great joy," and 'the sheep know the voice of the true shepherds, and gladly leave home and friends and often break every earthly tie to gather to Zion, thus fulwill Ocrafbrnno which savs. fillingO the scriDture ... W. J ' i."I a of a city and two of Here jn this family we are or should be baptized into one chosen land all nation; dropping nationality, and not boasting I am better than you because I am an that if English, that there is nothing or American, good outside of England, but that we had everything so grand there and the' manners of the English are so superior, or to look down, as many y - W I , . ivnriiLghte donurJanish difierence does it make wh at portion of the we are true and faithful, and following in the footsteps of our meek and lowly Savior. "The elect will be gathered from the four quarters of the earth." Who are the elect? They are the pure in heart and they shaU see God. Can- we behold His face until we put away from us all haughtiness of spirit and put on the mantle of charitv which should cover us as a garment. How often has the tender feelings of- - a sensitive, loving heart been bruised and bowed with sorrow "because "of some selfish unkind wdrd, thrown as a slur at their nation and at them be- - ; , - f it o KfltSfSiY 4 r 4 Vt - nitt t ; . ".. , Latter-da- of: man7Sade" clearest sense of right, and the highest conv ction of dutv, yet in thi3 thought they being: citizens ought to vote alhe could not, being . disfranchised tree land, man is reduced to serfdom for the though " under the Edmunds law. ' : A recess was then exercise of this conviction. given for 15 minutes as an opportunity to give Woman : by her influence arid training, in their names, 15 names were added to the makes our stalesraen, our judges, and our list. mighty men; she instils into the mind of the Singing by the :chbir. : AilfourneTfor three ; child the rudimental principles that govern his mouths. Benediction by Mr. Jasper Robert- - after life; she implants the germ of reverence gon. to the Deity, the Almighty ruling power, she Joanna P.- Cuktb, Cor. Sec: teaches his infant lips to pray, fche inspires in his young mind the love of Libertv. the love Ladies and Gentlemen: of Truth, of Honor, of Nobilitv. ancf she in Being called upon to address you upon the stils into his young mind lofty and exalted ideas subject of Woman's Rights I will say alana oy her moral training she gives him a though 1 feel incompetent to do justice to the love of virtue, of andinnocenceand subject, yet I a in proud of the opportunity, I J an insight into thechastity laws of life and health, and am prouu mat women Degin to ieel that she is they yet, regarded as unfit to have the rights should have political rights -- equal with men, that are awarded to colored men;r but we as and that those rights ought to be restjectd the womof this counh-ylfthe yoke and" to come to the front, in' the history, au age, when great developments will bemifde,jand1 -hUwiian In Her. trui position . - The help- politically vouog in ait our organizations,and feel xo appremeet oi man in all the avocations in life, reciate the privilege.;: - . . : , ligiously, sucially, and politically. But sonie ies, let me ex h ort you to thought and will say: was not man made 'to rule over woman? is he not the head? and should she riot study, so that we may understand our right?, and the duties and responsibilies resting upon submit to his rule? granted, to a certain extent. and when us, we understand, let us dare to But what is this ruling power? is it to subju-gst- e maintain them; don't think that,') our "Maker fnto a serf, or slave, the'woraan that was " intended tliat you should grovel in the. dust, bI kjsjiite to be a. iepmee-- a com- that you should feel "'that you could not do panion a counselor, 0, no! The governing, to elevate yourselves to a ; high power, is an equalizing power as I understand anything standard of education in all the pursuits of it, one, that will exalt the governed, to the llte e have a noble work before us, and Ve higpmnade of priandjgreatiiess, erijoye4 allupon all the ladies of this county to join by those whoTgovern, hence! woman has a ourranks and giyeJheirsupport-to-ihe-4V5- efforts" an d r i 1 " 