WOMAN'S EXt'bNENT. WE HAVE BEEN POOR' TOGETHER. Jennjr frany, can It be " : O You did not know my lace? I watched for you adown the lane Long ere I reached the pldce; The wheels rolled slowly for my heart I longed to see you so; For we were friends together In poverty and woe. - : ; jng-LaUer- , had none" The gift of love to death The boast of wealth beside such deed Is but as wasted breath." We have been poor together, 1 We know each other's heart; Now widowed, childless and alone, Why should we ever part. , ' - Hlay r ; ghiil llhl-- i f revilings, revile not again, who are beaming the'heat ami burden of the dav. withal re- ioicnvglfct"'lfeavy laden, and looking' forward to that beautitul day ot rest, the Millenium the thousand years of peace, when tho lamb and the lion shall lie down together, and the mek. ' the earth. inherit ... .. . ' Then should we .feel- down cast or sorrowful-whil- e such . heavenly prospects are -- almost within our reach, verily no, it i3 good to suffer, if for a righteous cause, it enlarges the heart, ennobles the mind, purifies the .'system oithe dross that is withjn, making us irlore pliant, and better fitted to be molded to the will of our Heavenly Father who will eventually, if we are patient, long'.suffering, and abounding in good works, bring us back into His presence to enjoy the society of the just made per" fect through suffering. 'But the race is not to the swift, or the battle to the strong, but to those who endure to the eird, who fight valiantly for the God in adversity saying in their hearts here am I Lord prove whaUs good in disme, watching for the silver clouds in the tance, how often did our Savior say He came not to do IliYowu wiintneulliould we have any wish in our hearts but to do the will of the Father, we who are so much more mortal than He, who suffered all things for the building up 'of our Father's kingdom, nay, rather let. us renew our diligence in all humility for the cause of God, who ha3 "promised not to place able to bear, upon,' us no more thau we are ,.but AQ.;lfiLthe jback .for .the. burLhen.' 0ut 'enemfes "are only working out the measure ot their daysnot usefulness I am. sorry to say, but to their utUr discomfiture when their eyes will be opened and they behold they have been Lamb fighting against the Church of the thereby destroying the weak and tender. plants ami placing heavier burdens upon the already weary and heavy laden. But the hour of our deliverance is nigh ..'as with children filCTfiel-whaCTCi6 from the bondage of their oppressors, 0 in the due time of the Lord when He thinks it is the iron enough shall we pass out from under hamfof oppression, their reiga, of power is of brief duration, in the meantime, U t us weed the, garden of our" hearts of every unculti-ot vated plant, prune and dig around the roots cultivation till our eyery substance that needs tabernacles are"'. pure,- - and ;free; from siu, love 'of bod strengthening ourselves An the bless us praying .always, that, the Lord ..may.before alL with wisdom, setting good examples men and parTaking not of the sins of this wicked and adulterous generatipu..:. 2enwilliJieiLoidllook in tender compassion upon us and administer unto us of His broken-heartewill lilt love, will heal up the our heavy burthens, and say Come unto Me." reThen will the sous and daugHters of Zion to God ' .Houimh shout and Ilailelujahl joice and the Lamb for His mercy endureth forever then will the silver clouds shine forth in alldawningtheir beauty heraldiug of 'a brighter day for the pure Jn heart the : V . Zion of our God. A. IN . JLiOWIilNu. Briham City, Jan. 25, 1890. truth,-acknowledgi- . We'll rear above your Robert's grave A thaft to mark his worth; No braver heart through want end woe Sank broken to the earth. , The cruel sea with angry roar My Donald's body keeps, Round him the waters wind their weeds And chant the while he sleeps. : . We'll plant above my baby's grave The flowers she loved the best, And deck this cot, through sorrows dear, To be our spot of rest; And we who loved, each other so ' While want and grief we bore, VVill share the blessing that God' gave And part on earth no more. ng , -- ." Augusta joyce Crock ek6n, Bountiful, Feb. 8, 1890. : DAWNING OF A BRIGHTER DAY. The Dawning of a Brighter day is near at hand for Israel, we feel it through the commotions in the world, the. changing- - seasons, eTcvimliwthat the coaing'froWfrliord is near at hand, and -- Baint3-who"thrnu- that the silver lining of the o long -- have dari:jind-lowerixiglclQnd3--which forth from the shadow and will fill the hearts of the tried, enduring, but .faithful eons and daughters of Zion with joy,jvho so long have borne , persecutions "revilings, imprisonment," the scoffs and jeefof their enemies in every conceivable form, mostly without a . murmur; but with all confidence in our Creator knowing Dot a' th at H e "over rules al tbt" gs kn d 1 Hat-is to lost hair of our head or a sparrow falls the ground without His notice. Who says "Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden and I will give you rest," who thmkjura t bimlwIiCT it the ricb and titled of the .land? "Oh no, -- .vaileuVaiuLull enjoyeu.uum a vestry umui. Brother Owens expressed himself pleased and at . this expression of the respect in gratified . . ...... ti in mis commuuuy. frt. which he is hem occasion will long be remembered with pleasure ".V by all who participated in it. Respectfully," ic '. - , Lottie M. roodrufrt;A. T. Dec. 11, 18&9. - T was all you had andl ; mtif'fnTrih'IiiriiHliiiinblerGod-fea' I : On the 24 th, of Nov.," the citizens' of this little town met m asocial party in honor or our respected brother and former bishop J. C, Owens. The evening was spent in speeches, songs, essays and recitations and inpartak- . e - T7 . .. Are riches-onclong lostr Hut those long years have also proved The true friends by their cost. Could I forget when here we Those old days side by side, r The. cold and hunger that we shared When both our dear ones died? To dress my baby for the grave, You stripped the ;cover white From off your pillow, and you sewed" While I wept through the night, r 0, Jenny, gold and taste may buy Robes white and rare and fine, But Jairer gift a bride ne'er wore Than robed that babe of mine. " ho Editor Exponent: ; - Yes, true, it is, to me restored - A HAPPY OCCASION. they never weary" in heaping . to themselves the riches and honors of this world but labor with untiring energy continually for the things that perish; no mattfr who are the losers or what obstacles etaud in the way; -- is it the ay and fashionable who?e every wish is gratified,' whose life is a dr'tam' of pleasure 'aii'l enjoyment, "who toil not neiiher do they spin " do they weary and want rest? I think not; but it-rVt- You knew me? Yet your gentle face Smiled whfriHXglad surprise;; And where's the look I u,ed to see .Within your tender eyes ? '"TheyTol(Tybu Iwas rich you feared The right once free to take ? O. Jenny, what is friendship's claim But love for love's own sake! 140 d, the-glorio- us -- as AtdWF of i memorial to Mrs. Browning, the poet. tr, . . V. S. vas held Jan. rrl S. A. MILLARD CO., W. Ameeting of the Webb. A. of Millard Co., " 8, 1890, Mrs. M. A. Y. Green-haTg- b presiding. The Yneeting was well at tended, the speakers were tne president, wno efgave a n accou u t of the mo vemen t,: and the forts being made to secure to women, equal rights with men, and the rights which every citizen ought to possess, II. B. Bennett, ,Neil M: Stewart, W. , H. Stott, and W. Stewart made short, but tellinE remarks upon tho sub-- , with the jecfreressiug "their f ull cmcurrence to object if the: association, their ..willingness assist the women do- - all .in their power-t- o struggle for liberty; The choir gang in-th- eir -- enrolled, and altogher the meeting was an in structive and agreeable one. M. A. Y. G. m . - - STAR OF BETHLEHEM. The star of Bethlehem will again be visible in this year, neing its eeventh appearance since 4he.birtot..Cbx brilliance for the years and is- of wondrous wanes and disap-year- s space of three weeks; then it after seventeen months. It will.;be a sixth star added to the five fixed stars m the constellation Cassiopca while it remains in - ': sight. '' - - ;".;' AN ANCIENT CONVENT BURNED. - The convent of Muri, in canton: Aargou, Switzerland, has- been burned nearly to the eleventh ground. The building dates from the transcentury, and was''.; within recent years formed into a museum and at the same time a retreat for pen'ionorson the treasury and canton. Much of- - the carved fund tjire'is wtjijraajilcipus. This and place was a most books manuscripts - . of-th- e wood-wor- k lost.-together- .. wonderful ository tor fpeeimens -; nated veil u m. rj NOTES AND NEWS. - 01 illumi L Gage, Lillie D. White and others are agitating the question of a new, the national suft'i age -- association, to be called --- 7 , Liberal Suffrage Association. Not long since a Spanish artist was commissioned to paint a portrait of the baby King Aifnfft This hedid, and when the painting was completed presented bis bill for $20,000. objected, sayThe Queen Regentf-Christin- a, was too extravagan- t- The artist ing the price expressed his regret3 that his . terras were too hi.rh for the , royal purse, and begged her Matiida-Josly-n - jystytoc QuThtghlpihidiguauT, once. wrote a check at 