WOMAN'S;! EXPONENT. 177 We arrall trying to assist in it. I have heard . The in the reports from some of the our record of the noble lives of women-- in here broad land during the 'century of American President that they only hold Conferences will prove Independence society serai anntially; President may have been imperfect in, many, Stake Relief Weber raped?, Society just shortly, before. ycWpropriety-anconsists, ever with a growth auu UN ueam appointed quarterly Conferences; a righteous freedom, true libertj, i which is goon afterwards ho went to Brigham City and under holy law. ;; . Mr. Richards and I went with him, he insisted Others or speak' eloquently of on my going, said he had many- things he patriots, inventors, warriors, and: other public wanted to talk to me about,' and 'm his conmen but we should be abundantly satisfied if versation he always said ' Quarterly Confer- -' we so may present the, truth about 'American jcncses.and my 'mind is that wo keen un flm.: women as toprove thatthe nation is indebted Conferences Quarterly, we need these meetinrrs: J for its growth and prosperity as a peoplo, and ior pur spiritual ncnem; ana 1 must say 1 feel; for it3 proud position among the nations of bad when the sisters don't take care of their the earth to its womai a3:Tvell as to its men. wheat, it is a duty laid upon us to store grain ,"! .. But ere. wa proceed - fu r tber- - let ua " learn and Pres. Taylor made the remark tomethat what woman is, .womauia a daughter he would not dare7 to use the wheat nor do: of Almighty God "Every a3 every man is" His son. anything- - with it, Pres. Woodruff had used the Each was created inthe-divin- e imaizeTand game expression when spoken to concerning it. the for,'each. path of duty and destiny is the same. ,.The speaker then referred to the Primary As-- -' As the sky bends over both, so around HisEon3 - 80ciation, and said "that is one of the best inl and Hi3.daughter&ralike the Almighty-place- s stitutions we have, and we Relief So cietyi' the arm of His protecting 16 ve. He has given folks are grandmothers to the Primaries, if we them, varied labors but the same capacities are - not .mothers to the Young Ladies, we for intellectual social, and moral advancement. should do all in.our power to help the Primary He has given to neither power over the other, and encourage those wbohavo charge of them man was not made subject to woman nor and labor so diligently. Sisters we' need to should woman be subject to. man.i: Neither take more care of our health, don't work all man's rights nor woman's ricrhts should be the time; some say they have two meetings a, considered, but human rights the rights of ' month and one of them a working meeting: each, the rights of all. Men and women rise or fall together. now sisters we must not overwork, go and visit the. Primary and the Young Ladies' meeting?; History clearly shows that no nation can en it a great labor spiritually and may the slave its worn i.jkjjnure3jUjawn.Jbarbarism,. ot Lord the In as to us all our society advances in culture, help proportion perform Spirit duties, and live uprightly that we may minister women are freed from an . un holy .tyranny, to the needy and comfort and encourage those and, in that righteous freedom, are able to do who-ar- e much for the world's advancement; ' Every weak and bowed down with sorrow a kind word 13 always good for all, may wo civilized nation owes much to its women. The profit by the good things we have heard and progress of every nation is markedy the -of its women. -to overcome, is my prayer." We cannoti forgetthat woman has had l for Mrs. M. I. Home Pes. R. S. Salt Lake Stake, reported briefly, she had visited nearly age3, to advance with man along the; path'? of all the branches in this Stake, during the last savagery and, struggle "up A7ith bini,. to the few months; spoke of the Young Ladies' Assopresent era of Christianity. And as we glance ciations and the Primaries and the good work" along the pathway of vanished cen turies, we of'human being done in these organizations;, said the cannot fail to see that every stepthis-exted brutal sa vagkm q aJ progress,'iastPrim the result of mental and largest that had ever assembled here; thought state of civilization, th at the spiri tu aLancLtem poraLhlessings. .co u hL moral cjilturej which not be separated, Jhey went together, even in and America. ha3 been: accompanied by the of the chains of .selfishness and the loosening - building Temples and officiating therein, .. i i .i eoui:i is- tneiu .ij i.uy in wnicn 100 ouen me The congregation sang two yerse3 of the thralaonr .. i. i i, womau uas au-i animal propensuies, ana mus hymn, , ".' and to a loftier that-thoug- h d -- may-writ- e': - -- - ; -- K -- - ; . 1 -- m ! ad-vancme- nt ; be-ab- le ' : ; . - : . i '. r - ; Thc spirit of God likea fire is burning," t;; theirfitteirrepo"rtj ad received from the following Stakes, Bannock, Cassia,, Maricopa, Snowflake, St. Joseph's, San LuisSt. Geoge, Kanab, Beaver, and Sevier, Mrs. Young and Mrs. Kimball each made brief remarks The i congregation rose and I -- . . :; "; ' : -- ". A cultured Christian lady, living in her beautiful Scottish home, once wrote, "It seera3 to me that by the freedom of America I was lifted up to a higher and a diviner life and a tender arid reverent expectation of glorious possibilities for our race and especially that of woman." . 1 . m . : - , of-dea- -- th " . . . ; ; KtHhbaUime wii! on this subject.: ; : f 1 iMexlJet us ,iake Jhe ann als.of profan o history. Go back in imagination to ancient ..Greece and Borne. There .we. find uti ful Lucretia and the excellent Cornelia com mended to all the worlds Indeed, Cicero eaid. viaa uorneiia not neen a woman she would have deserved the first place among, philoao- s -- the-bea- happier position yauced to a :'"sphere. are butfew wMwill not allow "that pners. : liad the not been a Womani Ti3 feminine characteristics are of a finer nature ever thu3. Woman is not permitted or allowed than those that are purely masculine; at least her,right3 simply because .she bears the noble ' ,. the naturally kind diaposition of the woman's name of woman. ;. a nmu let us not forget to mention the noble neart nas oecn comrasieu iu iuat vi we ;j Again dis the to of with .women Sparta, t Heroines every one of them. sometimes, seeming justice, heL iatter.3 cTJie Spartan soldiers were exceptrf)hally brave paragement in the because they had such heroic mothers. A We find a fitting illustration" of this , the on occasion rnnduct'd3isnlaved bv women Spartan son who was about todenart for the was handed his gword by his otnTeJreltJgediHira clamored for the blood of Jesus. "No woman's mother with trje words "Beturn it as aconauor or a corpse." Thu3 proving that she prefered voice, thank God was heard among the clamor. a . very gross, death to cowardice. betrayed him and for ' man condemned TalceiL for instance ; the li fe'o f. tlie "Erupresi , material consideration. A. man's the wife, in greater pity, Josephine of France. Had Napoleon ; taken him to death; hwed that his life, raicrht be. sraredi Men her advice he never would have lost the famous battle of Waterloo . or have been I banished a heartlessly- deserted him in the hour of his -he and diici pies,-tchosen frialOihia prisoner to" St. HelehaTHer, mind far sur 4 and ran away men, in a cowardly manner, passed his. bull speaking of the heroic women of France let us brief ly re vie w the 'wonderful ieiV him in Ttha hands oi j hls destroyer. act of Charlotte Corday who stabbed the enemy Wnman followed him shedding tears of sym her of her country to the heart and; then euffered pathy and pity, Woman alone pressed anamere death on the'geaQbld.-Eve- n after -- her head wav e very loot oi ine cross, poured oat ner prayers anu rears lb oenaii oi had been severed from her body and one of aix lusuiiing aCtlOa ! Dy the world's dying martyr. Woman embalmed iuc cicuuuuuera first him Woman and . it nreciou3 greeted body. hh slapping the pure cheek; the holding up and triumphed beautiful eyes of Charlotte openedr'tis' stated, when he burst the bondf of death and casta look of indignation on.the brute, thus over the grave. ;, "Not she with traitorous lips the Master stung: proving (should the statement be true, and Not she denied him with a Uar'sJojc;!-.-- madtoagooduthoTityhalconsciouiness ' e -. A-"ma- moral worth. It has been a marvel to many in the Old World that the women of the New World have bean, in so many instances, so: : thoroughly cultured, so admirably- - developed, morally- and intellectually, when they have ' lived amid so much that was new and crude in society., . - -- - "ofattioti3mintelligOT - . io America has been richly "blessed iu its women - 'Twas woman who was first commissioned - to &!-!l$J94m.lMti& iidinga. of. his.re&u. 4 rection, And woman to day stands among the foremost in her Master's work a 'true disciple and' among the purest representatives of His divine life the world affords. , i One , great .writer says, "In proportion as . woman is elevated ancl promoted will the divine will of Jesus r prevail- - and in t the ratio that t hat prevail s w i 1 w omen bo I i ft ed out - o f her subject Etate." He goes on to picture , the" future of the world when the woman ot coming centuries shalljlo fully, the work God has given-;theto do. "I have no doubt,'' ?aid he, "but .am fully .persuaded, ft that emancipated, enlightened, and enfranchised, she will bo .equal to the demand,, Commissioned ; by the Great Father and clothed 'in the armor of affection, she, will go forth to conquer the world wth the"8w6rd of the spirit. The shining hosts of .heaven will enlist under: her banner o(t love and Christ himself will lead the way. The whole world will surrender to her divine com- mafid, and before her triumphant march' , the powers of darkness ;; flee. Prisons wijl into' schools, and saloons ; and brothels be turned into markets and homes of purity, t Inebriates will shake off the demon epell that enslaves them, and stand erect in their manhood. Oppression's yoke will bo ; broken, and the clanking chains of the captivo be heard; in the land no'morebwer,77'!"1 will be turned into shins of commerce, and -- the - be beaten -- into - the implements .the'impleraents of life." ,t the of record we find fTracing path Scripture the women of Israel often the cho3en instruments of God to teach and exhort; His .people. Deborah was given the sweet and U nder title of ?Mother in Tsreal,". So beautiful in i character, so noble in life, her genius was superior , to. taty. jecor Jed in the hUtorj f lhe Hebrews, and she alone. ha3 escaped unrenroved bv prophets hand historians. Others roixrht be mentioned such aa Queen Esther,' Naomfand . WOMAN'S MIND EQUAL TO MAN'S. . jr. ? sung the Doxology and the Jjenediction was "pronou n ced by Mrs. M. A. Hyde, th e Conference adiourned for six months. - i- . . . - She wha Apostles fled, bad power to briave, f Last at the cross, and earliest at the grave." " to-da- y n ; , - - to-th- . , - f ? ; . -- 