WOMAN'S EXPONENT 40 the procession of her own sweet will. But Miss Dorothy Tennant did this on the occasion of her marriage to Henry M, Stanley.the other dav in Westminster Abbey, and walked slowly The mission was filled by a noble band. ; Freedom's banner waved on this very land. While you my dear mother, untiringly striving For your own little ones was gaining a living. hfr did not long rest- .When fisher-return"'Till heTound you a home in the distant West. 'Twas thought, were the Saints on a far off sod,. 'Their foes would allow them to worship their God. to theHableC urTdef": wETcS ed The Church has grown, thousands gathered, For saving souls missionaries labored. Societies formed in Utah's fair land. Are working together .with heart and hand To comfort the sad and aid the distressed afflicted may truly be blest. That all-th- e ' : - Your wise counsels your colaborers heed And surely are prospered in each valiant deed. And by their works do honestly prove They are engaged ina labor of love, Woman With hearty good wishes we fervently pray That your Seventieth birthday all may enjoy And care and sorrow not come to annoy. Alice M. J. Tanner. Beaver City, U. T 25th Feb. 1890. . AND NEWS. The Queen Isabella Association asks Pres. Palmer to appoint as three of the nine women commissioners from Chicago,Dr. Julia Holmes Smith, Dr. Francis Dickinson and Catherine V. Waite. As - late as- -4 850 - the n u mber - of female graduates inrmedicine could be counted on the upward of 2,000 lingers of one hand. o-day American women hold a medical diploma, and the chance of a medical education is within reach of any woman who seek3 it. Baltimore Sun. . . Canon JWilberforce, during his tour in than his India, has been speaking with-inurusual eloquence. He says that there is no sex in citizenship, and that India should develop the intelligence of her women. "No nation -- thafrTs -- cannot be procured, water may be cooled by wrapping the pitcher containing it in a towel of loose texture which has been previously impregnated with ammonium nitrate (and drietl), and moistening this with water. The same used dried thoroughly beforehand each time. Medical Classics. Rev. Robert Laird Collier died of apoplexy at his country home, "the Everglades' near tov!lajbe 8 , constitu ted officers Emma. - Curtis. nwiSjjvnPi nlrnffi : fliStTi) . PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH AT UNION TICKET OFFICE, ; 1. Main : .. , Street, Salt Lake City. : i : J. V. PARKER, Asst. Genl. Pass. Agt.-- R.KTH OMAl 26,28,30and32 East 1st SonthSt, anTsT. such shall receive the compensation of six dollars per diem, and tra. veiling expen ses,t h e sa m eas the. men Ex. : . ' OBITUARIES Died at Meadow, Millard Co. Utahjuly 8, 1800, Sophia E. A. Beckstrand. She was born at Oland, Sweden, Oct. 9, 1833, embraced the Gospel and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in 1855. Emigrated to Utah 1 86 1, and was married the same year to Brother E." A. Beckstrand, in Salt Lake City. . .5!1.w.as a good wife; affectionate mother and a sincere friend, and sister. She died as she had lived, a faithful wife of ' The Leading Retail C asli H otjls e. E.K THOMA Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found tl") latest styles and pioductions ' in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLQVES, PARASOLS, ;RIBBONSr COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf of ArrY-GEENTlALG- -- H -- " DRY aoOD S ; -- -- ON SALE otta " SaHsburyrlJra was stricken with paralysis the night before and never regained consciousness. Mr. Collier Latttt lament her loss, her eldest son is on a mission -- was bomin Wicomico County r Aug, 7,.ia35. - Like Saul of old he opposed ' softly came, and bore away equal rights until A suter iruer and trifed,- tacu, n ku i uui, ne neart uy es In the calm twilight of her days, poused the good gospel of woman suffrage. In faith and hope she died. AIoharamedan woman; a native of Bakshe-Sera- i, She suffered long, then in the Crimea has recently calmly bent passed with To meet death's fatal blow; flying colors her examination as physician An arrow sure, in mercy sent, and surgeon at Odessa, and,' having received To sufTeTers hefe We6w is 'no wpract isin gmed ici tie the Mohammed anZJMiealfthe-tlktti'r- SMeadow, July n; 1890. fipTwTiichshe hails. Her name is Dr. Razie Koutloiarpfr.Hanumr and hers is the first case - Died at I'ayson, on record of -- a Mohammedan-lady- " April 3rd, 1890, Annie Elizabeth be practRiTg medicine as understood by Western nation? loved wife of John Henry Box; deceased was born ltdy V now JbeingL sm ployed for the- - i,,u ao1J omen, joo.-arwuzenana; embraced the Gospel and emi- U J U1UB grated in 1876. Lived and died in full faith of the Gospe1 y m-- uoverment as telegraphic clerks and ticket agents on the Trans'Caspian uvpc ui H giunous resurrection. Railroad. Resolutions of Respect adapted by the Relief Jier-diplo-ma . Cycle. The report on permanent organizational. me vxjiumDiau vximmission 01 me u onu a r air at Chicago, proides for a Board of Lady Managers, consisting of two women and alternates therefor from each State and.Terri tory and the District of Columbia,which shall be known as the Woman's Department of the World's Columbian Commission, and the commissioners from each State and Territory and the District of Columbia shall nominate, from their respective States and Territories and the District of Columbia, such lady managers, and the president of this commission shall appoint said nominees to said Board of Managers; and in ad dition to theimembers from each State and Territory and the District of Columbia,the president of the commission may, appoint nine women of the City of Chicago The respective Commissioners at Large shall in ntte manner nominate emnt women ana Alternates at Large to act upon said Board of Lady Managers, and that the whole number of women so nominated and appointed shall constitute the Board of Lady Managers contemplated by the act of Congress. It is further provided, that the Board of Lady Managers be arraid toducafe itsr tJ6m"missurn; women. -- Lamecia A. Scii,arrer. Anna Joes, - . first-clas- s .can attain etrengtb- M -- -T- - ITTe ulust--o- f It-w- While you,, my ,dczr mother, with unceasing zeal Have ever put your shoulder to the wheel. e -- Livingstone and placed thereon a wreath of white flowers, in the center of which wa3 the letter "L" in scarlet. This gentle courtesy in honor and memory of a departed hero, recalls what Dickens says of that beautiful -- trait in human nature which causes us to remember most vividly the dead in moments of our greatest joy. and peace. For grace and dignity, be ill this simple act -- is unsurpassed.1 remembered that Mis3 Tennant was the model for Millai3 famous picture of "Yes, or No?" And this counterfeit presentment gives a face of gentle sweetness and quiet power. -- NOTES lies humble submission to the divine will of Almighty God, we realiie in her death we have lost a good woman. Resolved; that these resolutions be entered in the -- Relief the bereaved Society record, also a copy be' presented to Oalnlly'artJ printed Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In- fant's Shoes. - ; 112, 114, 116,1 18 East Temple Str -- e It is not nftpn f hat 111 1m Ex. wnue toward the altar, and breaks the line of -- the 4th District Society of Payson. memory of Sister Annio nmW.i,"n;.:. naS pieasea our Heavenly. Father by the- uvm us our Dei0vea Slster lv, in v.uc, , v. we-j)0w- TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAPI FITTERS WSgent for RTJXISEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCK PUMPS. Pomps Repaired on short notice. Orders promptly responded to. froa-the.corntr- - i 