WOMAN'S; EX POKE NT. TRUST IN GOD. When gather thick and dark, And hang o'er moun$a-toand vale, the The lightning gleams, thunder rolls, s storm-cloud- p , wt!S'. And wildly shrieks the rising gale;The clouds with pent-u- p fury burst, " Now rules, the storm-kindread, and drear, I and for faint, cry Benumbed, help, Alas! no helping hand is near, - g, - - . ' I'll put my trust - in-Hi- agony of mind, the tlrcaJ of his ordeal uu . so gr$at that lie sweat drops of blood, 0:1 his knees in the garden of Gethsemane; He prayed to his Father,. with all the fersTTjcr nf'hia be- ' .1 . r t tug mat "ir it were possi 010 tuepittr cup might pass," hut, He added "not my will, but thine bt? done," his sufferings were tremendoii?, Now from earth we'll vi.w. that which surrounds. but his resignation, his unqualified acquiescence Light and darkness, is the result of the position of the sun,' toHhe Father's will immediately .showed itself According to distance far or near, warmth is received fr m in his noble character, by his entire resignation him; The reflecting rays of the sun upon drops of rain produce to the Supreme will. It then deliverance can-h' the rair.bow tints, always be granted from the many griev h Ajid from the lowering cloutU,-thances of this mortal state by meekly and raio, snow and hail de scends. hum'uy approaching our Creator lift will sus Thv lightning, madly shoots with, serpent tongue it girts tain us, He .'will" resign and comfort in and the e .rth; assist us to see .the benefit of our afflictions; And from the lightning splintered trees, the flames ascend; by prayer we will be betier able to bear our rrom anione the hill.--, and towering neaks the thunders chastisement patiently and be anxious for the .. roll. sanctifieatjon rather than removal of whatever Tlie winds, they gather with increased fury and powerful a just God deems best for our purification in ' " ' weight, this world. -L the trees l.OhL.Godl They. wecp Wis find -- in the bookuf Doztrinc and In thk we must acknowledge Thee, Thy Almighty power; Covenants rctin 60, a revelation .011 prayer All Nature teaches me that Thou art God, w'hereiu 'tis said "pray ' unto the Lord call The one and ever living God of Truth. . upon his holy name," there must really be Dr. E. S. Barney'necessary to grtat elhcacy iu prayer, lf it-Salt Lake City .Mar.. 17th 1890. give a special revelation upou this 'subject; wo were. reiui red at that time to be prayerful that we For the Exponent: might have greater power in proclaiming the glad tidings of the coming of the King TUAYKK. dom of heaven; that the inhabitants of tho earth would receive the word 'and bo better ''Prayer is thejsoul's sincere desire. prepand for the' coming of .the Son of in an.' Uttered orAinexpressed;: revelation-in-tha- t sama bookz wb: The motion of a hidden fire read ''he that observeth not his prayers befir6 rhat treml.les in the breast the' Lo nl i n th e season th ereo f let h i m bo h ad Oh th jii by whom we come to God; in remembrance before the judge of ray peo The Life, the Truth, the Way! ple; tis not only a requirement made ot us The path of prayer thyself hast trod; but a commandment that we p ray - 0 u rse ves Lord teach us how to pray." and teach our children how to pray; that they The Lord's people have ever been taught to may walk uprightly, 'tis the safest way to have pray for that they desire in righteousness, and influence in the home. The responsibility of we find in perusing God 's word that He has bringing u .childrenij,agreat one,, though . also promised to grant us what we pray for. everlasting blessings attend thin care; but wo in Christ s sermon ' on the mount He ex must be prayerful, ever seeking wisdom from horted all to pray, saving, "ask and it shall be Him. who has promised tQhar,;;ajvJL,;iUjffilJC. given, Kiiuch, auu 11 euuit uo upuueu, iu luai our suppneauons, even men we win, uo,eoreiy tame sermon He also taught his disciples how tried and pprharw see some of. our flock go to pray, more perfect yet simple language it astray, or torn, fro in" us in some heart rendiug at- vould be difhcuit to nave-hoseHe said "we should not pray, simply to- - be- -f reached : the years ot accountability. We are now living in a time of fiery trials heard for our Father ktowst what we need be fore we ask," for this reason how particular and unmerciful persecutions;: without true faith it will be almost imp osssble for us to overcomewe should be when presenting ourselves before how tho throne of grace, pure, simple and and be found firm. It seems that Satan and from the heart should our petitions be, our every evil influence is combined in trying us beautiful example, besetting our daily walks with tsmptation of Savior has set-- us Jesus prayed for Peter in the prospect of his every conceivable nature, for this reason we fall. He was so well acquainted with the design- - should be wide awake,T "pray witoout ceasing" ing Satan, He knew the enemies desires and as remembering the prayer Jesus taught his the great intercessor lie pieaaea witn nis followers 'dead us not into temptation but deFather, for him, and what He did for Peter, liver w from evil," It should be a joy, to be for the Fake of Christ who was go He will do for us if we will ask him and exer- persecuted . . . IIV o lose the prayers of wining suiier lor us mat we migni oe saved.' cise proper faith; we nay we must enter the a wise father and even a fond mother, but if Through much tribulation if , f tne- himr JeVus will file our I Kinuaonror neaven, in oroer to endure "wilf Velv ubon 4 petitions into heaven before th Father in all test we muft plead continually that our con our trials, our bereavements, our sorrows, Christ fid ence "antl courage may be strengthened) that our motives and cond u ct mry be pure this will advocate our cause and plead for our com blessing we can obtainj by callings upon htm fort and solace. I would not infer that because we ae "who givetli liberally and yr upbratdeth not. that we will escape all We have been taught to pray for one fanother; prayerfully-dispose- d e ills," tribulations and cufferirig,-therare"raanjr in the- book of holy follies in us that need correction, if we were of the righteous aYaileth much if our circumnot loved by the Father we would never be stances in life are such that we can do nothiug :tis Job;: well to even more we can plad at Jehovah's ; throne for-- a chastised, but 'iie-hjy- es seem to sanction a wrong in us, we cannot father, brother or a tried sister, many hearts made to look up and rejoice through escape all trials but we can be resigned. have been a devotional friend. They are Parley P.Pratt once prayed when harassed the prayers of I m ust pas. through few indeed who have troden life's path, withand tried very severely out having, the rod of chastisement or affliction all this suffering Father blens me with peaceover than the only consolat icn thtre ful resignation; ' if we will sincerely 'pour out pas-e- d our souls to llimrlle willcllp us to know is will be" poured upon the tried ones from io us in softie way that bountiful fource from whence comes all that every trial.it a blesi;;g 4 that is peace, and joy, and love. or other. A. Ciun c YATSoy, of Christ,-hi- s Just' before . 1 .it... - " e r r- - And surge, and boil, as with maddening rage; . with powerful for.e, they whlpthe ragged beach; "7 T Their slippery feet rebound, they danc : with crash and roar bometiracs in CAlin.tJwied the sail f re, and aft. with '' , dangers dire; And thus they crush her Oft the shails'in darkness dense. ot above, And humbly pray on bended knee, firm asTflint.fis true as steel, O, Father, grant that I may be." A :- Chorus : 181 - .' hen trials throng on every hand The loss of health, of wealth, of friends, And all I think, or say, or do, To direst disappointment tends; V hen pleasures, comforts, are unknown, And all my days are full of yoe Ahtf;earth"ahd hfclMhelf pOwerS'cOftibine, To make secure my overthrow. . Forgetting justice, mercy, truth, Perverting lawsof God and man; The bigot world, looks on and smiles. Applauds, then lends a hand as well; with taste aroused, Then, tiger-likSprings on the prey like fiend of hell. ' ' . . ; . When brother man, with belVborn hate, .... Bears down with cruel brutish hand, - , . - I-..- - - wa e' - i , W hen friendi, prove false, loved, trusted, friends, (Alas! that it should e'er he so) When loved ones with deceitful guile," ' ' Betray me to my deadly foeL Oh cruel fate! my cup is' full! Why hath my God forsaken me! Look up, my heart; ,thy TGod.stiir reigns; He only means.to temper, thee. - in-nnoth- : Then let me lead a"godly life, Obeying Him who rules'above, Then shall my God, my shelter be, Through faith made perfect by his love; Then shall all dangers turn aside; Then shall I'triumpho'er my foes: Then shall I wear the victor's crown, Though tempests, earth, and hell, oppose. .J ,' -- . 1 ...... . ISRAFL. .;; Bj NATURE. - Nature's Laws have ever taught me.that, In her was something grand, sublime, Godlike; Far more than man, with all his boasted powers, Of heart and brain, can posTywmpele with. Behold the plants that adorn our earth; . a-m- ' . - , a- So feeble once, perhaps unseen by man. t was easily crushed dwarfed, or bowed to the dust; The scorching sun, when added to a drouth, Was more" than enough to destroy its powers, -4& a latent hopej Bat it was wont And it pierced the soil with its tendril roots. Earth's soul bad been warmed by the burning sun. Imparting strength that kindly fed, and gave it life, Until it gracefully towards the'zenith climbed; ' It became a grand and mighty tree, compared to the dwarf, The crippled one, that did not perhaps could not grow. to-eli- ng "ZTrfrfjTwfrarof her? "She ofteirbelches-forth",- " Her pent up force, in molten fiery streams, And from her shaking cliffs fragments tumble; Huge masses, boulders, into her valleys fall. From her hills, and dales the limpid streams,. In gentle murmurs, o'er her pebbles roll; While further onward her store is increased, ! added, ost ' In theraa gradualIyTncreasIng"gr day;; er; -- J - "TY 1 I - . . v- - Twrit-tisTsaidthetTpr- 0 pf others, --.-- volume now in figures I could not express; But suffice to say, it has become, a swollen stream; , Even her banks are filled to . Apd the great boiling ocean receives her all. T over-flowin- g; View the Earth's .Srajr.dotted here and there with barks; O'er which they dash at times with froth, and foam, ' 1 ; if -- the-crucifixio- n ayer 1 