,. 4 WA Jf.iL X Jl, J.. i Ky The Ritjhte. ojf the Women Vol. 18. of Ziont and' the Rights of the Women of all Xfliions.-.- SALT LAKE CITY, UfAH, MAY 1,1890. ....... CONTENTS. through the, administration of the laying on No. 23. knew "all and the cold frosty air as they flew over the snow" from village to An ...Item of . Experience P.Hepll?Lb3bt. ..steraieUta strive J(i.llv? our:ri!ignk I l!i ' de, and town toto wn was exhi Iarati ng7 7 True Lducation,Ida IIoafr'"'Prayer. Tl7A all of our covenants made at the waters of Our moJern young ladies Would think this Crane Watson. The Privileges and Rights of baptism, be kind to each other, never mind the a very primitive wedding tour, and so it was, Women, 'Sarah S. Boyer. It. S. Reports, trials we are passing through, let us try to keen but happiness .does not consist in a costly Uintah Sanpete, Nctes and News. Miscellathe bpint of God and He will bring us off troiiiseau, or elegant wedding presents, or even . neous conquerors through -- our Lnrd and Savior a trip to Paris, though that is very delightful; '...-.- ,. but Hepiu fully enjoyed this Winter pastime Editorial: The Situation in Utah, Editorial Jesus Christ. ' v "Notes. of sleigh riding and visiting HaroldV relatives, . J. P. .. Salt uncles, "'"''an nt and Wusinr Lako"Crty"Apr7'SU7I890 Poetry: "'Twere Better So," Lula." Trust fashionedolks with college-bresons,aud Acad-emizein God, Israel. Nature, Dr. E. S. Barney. daughters living in country homes with HEPHZIBAH. every convenience and ample entertainment XX. for dozens, or scores of guests, and the hearty "'TWERE BETTER SO!" welcome with which they were every where O, happy youth, how beautiful it seems greeted by the Spboners, the Danforths, the Without a " 'Twer,e better so 'twere better so!" care, and all its bright array Merriman.if aud others, some living in MassaOf glorious visions where the future gleam s I would not clasp the idol now. chusetts, some in Vermont, and others in Con .In rainbow titijs, all the way, Which brought my youthful heart such woe, necticutt. i' J: Such clouds of grief to my young brow. The quaint places and funny storigf of reThe young bride found her position as a daughter-in-lavery irksome. She had never lationships, and the vivid descriptions of "the and. with curbed doubts Though fraught pain, by good old days" of the past pleased Hepsie, really beeh Half hopeful dread could bliss impart; sometimes restrained,bui-abBQlut- e control fche and in the long JVjnter evenings she" would sit ...SZ: fair and shaUremain The dream was and listen toxhe lively conversationfor aa had never knownrMrsr Harvey- - was i ra e A sweet, sad memory in my heart, never allowed any one to: exercise their they traveled from one place to another, the freedom ; husband,7 sons, daugterin law, all e ven i ngs were the ti m es o f soci a 1 i n ter cou rse, A tree by storms torn from its roots, must submit to her. Hepsie discovered this, and "goodly cheer withal, and she would Transplanted, nursed by tender hands, fact in the first few days after her marriage, imagine all those tales told over again in books, May offer richer flowers aud fruits. and determined to resist the authority ot a as she had once expected, to gather up just such And hardier grow in milder landsr material to write her novels. motheriu-Iaw- . Very little was ever said about religion, for "I will not be spoken to as your mother My beautiful, my bright ideal, addresses me, I have never been accustomed the Harvey's relatives though they were No longer will I deem thee falsb; to such treatment, I shall rebel against all such nvmcroua, . were not, religious,., and. Harold, The image of a brighter real, authority, I would rather go out and tpach though he had been baptized, knew less about Thy presence strengthens and exalts. and earn my own living than be under her Mormonnm than llepide, and she, though When sorrow's troubled sea I've crossed," control," said thevoung wife to HaioId a f w. convinced and somewhat earnest and naturally . ,No.darkecdag.sb.a4ows jrilVappaW testimony, spiri tual Jiad.ue verrcciiyed-a-frtron- g days aite-- th.KifrF"ig. " 'Twere better to have loved and lost, every where they went, quite under-foo- d ''My darling; mother does not mean to be It wasHarold and his wife were going to Nauvoo Than never to have loved at all." harsh with you, she only wants you to conform that " " xtJCX" to her '.ways and be "more" womanly f and "not rarly in the spring; but they met no prejudice, cousins1 generally, said, "O, pine after your motherland your own old home and in fact the how I wish we. were going out to the Far and all that sort of sentiment, she don't com to these New Eng- prehend it, but one thing is sure, she shall not Went, too." Illinois, then, AN ITEM OF EXPERIENCE. interfere with you we'li go on a wedding tour land people seemed such a long way towards and avoid all this and by the time we come the tetting sun Exponent and back perhaps she'll have changed "her views,'" " This bridal" trip occupied nearly a month and when they returned the house was all consaM the young bridegroom. taking quite an interest in the good pieces that are published, I thought I would not al"But Harold where can wo go? I cannot fusion with packing boxes, chests, trunks, etc. exof a little of out shirk my was much -telling Mrs. Harvey, the mother-in-latogether go among my friends, they've all discarded Lave and I this Church in Kingdom. perience me on account of Mormonism, and now your annoyed that Harold had been away so long been with this people almost as long as any father says we are not to start for Nauvoo when there wa3 so much to be done, "and one living at the present time, I was baptized until Spring. O, how I wish we were going besides" said she, "the horse and sleigh are to ' the 8th day of March 1836, in Hounsfield now,Fmsickof waiting, out there we could be sold, and it is too late now to get a good Jefferson Co,, N. Y., emigrated to Kirtland have a house of our own, if it were built of price for a sleigh, you're just like the Harthe next springinST, have been: with this logs, and be :so happy," if we could vey's," she' added addressing Harold,---yoin have since that time, passed through" how to spend means, but not how to gave, " " people he left alone." only common with my brethren and sisters all the .Tlir ,you don't take after Jhe Spoon ers at all. MIIep3ie, my dear, lean fix ' drivings and mobbings up to the present time; speak to mother." She must not make you Hepde trembled. She knew Sirs. Harvey has been Lord the notwithstanding our trials' And. we'll have the wedding would have something to say to her, and she acthem and with this people strength given tour any way. I know whero to go, and. there immediately resolved to defend her position. Hi3 with them ha3 blet to their, day, cordingwill be lots of parties in town. thisAVinfer and Alas, for llepsie. Mrs. Harvey .waited until Hnlv Snirit and fiveu ."comfort "in time of we...ba!.Lhave.a jolly, time," then commenced Jlarpldhad " "T "trouble. Poor little Hepsie, she had no idea what a a tirade of abuse 'such as shlailwcusfoined'" her two bound-girls- , orphans . I. bear testimony to the truth of this Gospel jolly time meant to Harold, though he was her to use that was delivered to Joseph Smith the husband. However, time went by quickly, they were and Hepsie had frequently befriended, If this and one party after another was given, to them when their tasks were over-harProphet. one might Wo livfi in the dav when the same Gosnel is which Harold and his young wife were invited, were an essay instead of a story; moraliz-- on the condition of children "bound taught to 'the people on the earth, as was- - and always attended, but .Hepsie had. no of age ; but to return to in the days of the Savior and His joyment whatever in these things. . She longed out," until they are to come when they could Hepsie. Mrs. 'Harvey began, "I've no patience Apostles, the power of God has been made ior the springtime love-sicnonsense as you've put manifest in the healing of the sick, I have seen start for Nauvoo, she was entirely out of her with such into Harold's head, you are only children any the sick healed by the. administration of the element, and she couldnot be content- as they called it was taken way, and ought to be told what to do. You, tour The the those wedding of on hands, by holding laying and Hepsie really enjoyed that, Mrs. Harvey, as you think yourself could have, priesthood, I have been healed myself when in overlooked Hattie and Maria and the cook if all around me supposed rae to be breathing j a handome tfh.igh, a fine horse and lull string had stayed-- st -- home, though, -- for that herself and and new HarQld,"who of bells, urou you" only oi 1 in wa3 restored last. oy power' my -- '..: or nanus. t . ----- -- ' ' IKPfeiferJVUI.:.: ' d d , o'er-archin- g . " - w peri-ous.sh- -- . . . . -- r ; .... " -- . . Being-quite-a-reader-f-- the -- w . . -- we-sho- . N uld -- all-thi- s. le. ; . ng . d. en-taug- ht k " mid-winte- r, 