WOMAN'S 100 EXPONENT) make selections from not only for Christmas ents, but books for winter evening's-a- t borae or "for libraries public or private. I'.ZZHl Sacrifice, nor that we forgive those who have traspassed against us, if we would be accepted of ourFather in heaven, but cultivate that "love""td- wards our fellow men that our Savior had, and Editor. EMM RUSE li. WELLS, live at all' times according to the light and In tfalt Lake City, CtaU Terms: rublisheJ knowledge we have received, for it was said by gnfl copy one ye.ir, tl.iK); one copy six months, 60 ct3. No one of old "Obedience is better than sacrifice." reduction raade for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, We should be joyful at Christmas time for the extra for postage one year, 23 cts. sake of the children, if not our ovyn, and even if Advertising ratus: .Each .square, ten 'lines' of nonpareil burdens oppress us, or griefs have overtaken us space, one time, f 2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. lay them aside for the time being and contribute 2.5 second No. South E., Temple Street, Exponent office, in some measure to the "enjoyment of others. It gate east oi Deseret News Office. Business hours frora 10 is pleasant to see the great gatherings of large to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. watch families, and it is an especial delight-tAddress all business communications to the children's exuberance and gaiety on the PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, of Santa Claus, and the good dinners that Salt Lake City Utah. are always an adjunct of the occasion. Entered at the l)t Office in Salt Late City, Utah, as - Woman's Exponent. semi-monthl- -- at the Art Gallery on Main St. makes a specialty ofpictures, and he displays exC. R. Savage cellent taste in his selections and in the art of photography he excels particularly in scenery. He keeps an immense stock of this class of goods and his windows give one a pretty correct idea of what can be found inside and has a variety from which to choose of every style. He also advertises games of all kinds and prices, and these quiet pastimes for chitdren and others as well who are older, serye to while away a tedious hour when one is' tired of work and needs recreation as well as rest. This establishment keeps a large andojmjpj Ch i Id r e n e n j oy giy i n ZTar. pain ting on- - chinap glass, card board,-- " canvas; bolting cloth, satin, velvet, plush etc. In fact the, ones, to alfow them to give from their own portion proprietor "has done a great deal in this way to of toys or luxuries, to those who have less of the encourage art and artists. Books in great variety good things of this life. are also found in Savage's store and numerous d and Children'simpressions are toys and novelties in this line for the holidays. strong and often follow them through life, and perhaps there is not a day that fastens itself Duncan Mc'Allister and Co. have spared no ' mote closely upon the heart and remembrance, pains in arranging their Christmas goods and they and to which the child when grown to manhood have succeeded admirably. They have what might turns with greater affection than Christmas day be termed Christmas itself in the show windows; at the old home, whether he goes out into the there is the old fashioned fireplace with a fire world alone, or travels the raging main, on sea burning at night looks like pine knots though, or land wherever he may be, when the blessed instead of yule logs, but the blaze is as blue as Christmas time comes he invariably recalls the that of a Christmas plum pudding, everything is incidents of home life. like a Christmas eve, the little stockings and the It is in every sense of the word a red letter big ones are hung up and Santa Claus himself is day to all who have ever known the blessing of if he were waiting looking in at the window, a real home and its benign and sanctifying inBut 7 his opportunity to slip in - unnoticed. fluence. It throws a halo around the future life McAllister's windows are not the only attraction of those who in childhood have partaken of its step inside and see what an immense variety of joys and pleasures, and participated in the festivitoys and fancy goods he hasjbooks and magazines ties of these holiday occasions. The middle-agearranged arid :'a'ge:a1irall'tlasses7ali' races one might say size of share in the general enjoyment and are anxious in the most artistic manner possible for the the aptrtment, here are the most exquisite banto promote the happiness of family and friencs ners and hand painted placques-anchina illuson this day of days. The bells are expressive of the joy and contentment thafloatspyerthel trated books booklets and calendars with a of other things too numerous to mention iana ana nnsimas Deus, ring on through Me "variety but go and see. coming ages of time, the peace and good-wilthat nerve the hosts of men and women to braver The Children's book by Augusta Joyce and nobler deeds in the living of their own lives Crocheron mentioned in our last issue has been and serving of their fellowmen. carefully reviewed and we feel perfectly justified in recommending it to the people as just what is needed for the little folks in Zion. It has been EDITORIAL NOTES. written with a desire to instruct and edify the reader, and to entertain at the same time. The We have on hand Relief- - Society reports author is a mother herself and knows what from several of the. Stakes of Zion, but have postponed publishing them until after the holi- - pleases the children and has prepared this work JtonsfngrgeDfirltibniotl tra5elS1l4l,?? days to mak e room f or more I interesting matter "a work suited to the times and to their situation "Lost and Found" a story by Mrs. M. A. Y. as the children of the Saints, with a thirst for Greenhalgh will be very much better reading and ..more ,suitablefbr--time "thahRSr .knowledge that will benefit them as well as . to be interesting to the youthful mind. The book is Reports or local matters. Mrs. is y, a-- m o ad-Ve- nt . Second Salt Lake City, CHRISTMAS 'PPfMl ; CUu$-Matter- December PEACE AND 1890. 15, GOOD-WILL- . deep-seate- Christmas time always brings up oldjnemories and associatioi-s- , recalls home and childhood and those with whom we have mingled in former days The tenderest feelings and emotions are awakened and benevolence, peace and good-wi- ll towards all mankind takes possession of us for the time being at least; and the higher and better attributes and qualities (f the soul are brought out in enlarged charily and gentler kindness; "those wliom Provident centlymake grateful acknowledgements of divine hvor by bestowing upon others, their friends and neighbors, gifts; and temporal blesines unon the poor and unfortunate. But after all how much of the charity St. Paul speaks of in the New Testa ment do we extrcise; the charity that surpases all else, that suftereth long and is kind, that is - ...... - - r o r the poor, that must indeed be pue love of one's -- d. fellow men, devoid of envy, jealousy.or a hope of reward; the love that pur Savior manifested when Me gave Himself a ransom for all mankind, to reueemine worm, notiornisown glory out un selfishly to do the will of His Father. Is there any other day in all the year that calls to mind such generous impulses, and gives to the individual believer in the babe of Bethlehem,such longings to be lite unto Him who when He was reviled, reviled not again, and who bore with meekness and patience all crosses and sorrows even suffering an ignominious ..death with those snblme words upon his dying lips, that have reached through the ages dow to, our day 'Father forgive them for they know not what they r . . While we profess to be His followers shall we not in some degree attempt to reach this high ' the-holid- of forgiveness, or sublime charity more than giving good gifts to those from whom-w- e receive in return. Is not this what we try to do tov satisfy ways and byways and seek out the poor and the sutTenng, jljnjmsieitQ-llie- m as -- He did whose example we should imitate' iii;:a.i.':m.u'cb"as the human can emulate the infinite. Humility in , . -- rcSolvelc"g. ay a Greenhalgh versatile.and very entertaining, as well as a gifted illustrated and contains both prose and poetry suited to the intelligence and capacity of children. the -- Jvvcnilr mtmtdTAsmW f over the way and every time we look out.it greets us pleasantly us windows are full of novelties in the way oi toys and books for the children's; Christmas and Santa Claus must have brought cites, The Children's Book," price The-Office- who have taVetr His name are full of pride and arrogance despising those who are not in possession of wealth or culture, and passing them by on the other side ras the Lcyite did the poor nian whlTEdlkraong thieves but weshbuid be at any rate once in a ' . .VM .. ... year ,u unusimas urae iikelhe good Samaritan; who boualupthe wounds' and ministered to the comfort of the poor man. New our acts ol kindns to others or 'eveiToT generosity M. not all; : it "is uul i"at we give our g0uds to fevd the - - . writer. - yet - those 'tcad't l, r rf , - - d . 7 r -of plied the store with these articles; Dolls and toys in great variety and dolls housekeeping sets, bedsteads, cradles, baby carriaesior dolls and tables, cupboards, and sideboards, dishes and lurmsnmgs complete. Cards and and bookie in . ne w and pretty designs and' chearoqrabhns' Dotn at wnoioaie and retail as well as stationery iuc juvenue umce makes a business of supply. ing Sunday School Superintendents with books -t- -- TnsinT'oT tTheteTiscnmejy-anything; i good thatihisrhouse does not carry. They order uvuk Hum me uebi as;erndeajejsjyjtlLa It is pronsirTiarae literature. a good place to $1,50 for sale here and at the Woman's Mercantile and Manufacturing Institution. We have received an elegant Calendar from "The Woman's Literary Club, Dunkirk N. Y." printed inljlurfalorI on fine heavy paper with handsome rough cover,on the outside of which the picture of Sappho is stamped-ana pretty monogram.on the back W. L. C. It contains some tinted photogravures, that are quite jn keeping wi th the style of the - book, and sentiments, verses and maxims from the most celebrated women poets and writers. Oh the fly leaf is the quotation from Sappho: "Come now Co-operat- jiiyinejhell,iecome-voca- l ive foraeiod-'&Howitfi- that is the picture of Sappho in her flo ing with a veil thrown gracefully over her head, Oheseahe4 M a;hcr handprsi frtre7eana'nsSSair or could breathe forth an inspiration. Among ap-par- el d -- " 