EXPONENT. ROMAN'S 10 "Mrs. F." she persuasion or and she put forward a claim. and as soon entreaty could induce her to change her mind. said "would take you right home Hepsie knew not what she could do, but she as you are able you could teach the children and do liht sewing, but I want some, one for was as firm a3 the hills in her Tesolve to stay-iNauvoo let wlmt jvould come The ' day Company, I'm. ail alone and T ned fsociety." wai"aoomyTne. ..Mrs. S. was more tender Mrs. Uarvey took in ,both situations momen-of to Hepsie than ever, aud several times Hepsie tarily. She remembered the two children felt great sobs in her throat that choked her Mr3. F. a boy and girl, and how unmanageable utterance, but she would not allow Mrs. S. or they were on the journey, and she made up the boys to know how ghe felt. "We arego- - her mind that she would go with Mis3 B. atMo.ntro.se' if she went away at all. The- - ladies injf and go on to our destination tomorrow. I do their claims, and dependent as she was, not feel that it is prudent foryou to remain they hoth ppf.mpii anxious to secure iier here alone.will you Finally shd galilalTo give them an opportu fine is a opposed to leaving the Citr. she nity to take in all the situation, "I want you well to able woman, atrood Mormon and vem to know beforehand that I am not able to wait cive vou a home." Hepsie. could not speak upon myself at all, and ag - is still troub- she was too. full of sorrow. Encouraged by linir me, you see how thin I am, and it will ""Mrs. J. her silenee Mr. S. went on to take me all this winter to recover I'm sure, ' has an unmarried son, and she is very fond of besides I am not fit for company lam too Jio'a a rwno dnriin mot-fiitaii'JI mil and melancholy myself." "I'll see to , 1 iM 11 a .1 .11 would youno man: my boys either of them iUiss d. i."ana. wait upon vou unui that, saia,'T" cladly marrv vou I know that,..; before Mrs. S. you are- wellr "and so wonld'i-ai- d . -t1 r3r&H4?rsTid "a Id won v rhtmri t on mkd 0,1 :coddeayjaior isure I '.it.' to doji'L vou'll kill me if vou talk like that!" make the Mrs. Harvey seemed unwilling Mrs. II. was now more than ever determined choice seem selfish, so she said "I'll go with to break up all communication with the family; Miss B. she needs me for company and I'll to be told almost in a breath that either of the come to you Mcs. F. when I am quite well, boys who had been Associated with Harold had you have both husband and children and Miss ever had such thoughts about her was over- - B. has no one." Mrs. S - was sorry to part powering. "Why should I struggle .'for life- - from her, she loved jner, aud she admired her until iaiu cccuia agaiusb jxicj cam AxcjJaio iu spirit, and the courage she had shown in reherself, "if death would only come to my maining with the saints. She called her. relief butno. I must face the world alone and honey" over Hand over and told Miss B. what so totally unprepared." . . she mast do for her, and how to nurse her up. Mrs. & felt she had said too much, and "I'll send the boys with. your, things aa : strove to soothe and pacify the poor child. The soon as they come oyer in. they'll be awfully boys were away and towards evening Hepsie disappointed to find you're gone," and Mrs. IS. her composure- and at dusk who wasa womannoi partly regained years with bacheIorpn3j , t. - p i ii sue weuii outa iew moments ior a waiK ana;; to actualiyicried at partihgwTth Mrs. H.- though be alone; under tho shining stacs, and the clear she had only been, with her such a short cold moon. She had always loved to gaze up time. on these beauteous orbs ot night, and on this Who can picture the feelings of Hepsie mrrhf ekn ttfirtlfnlar rliun mn !m. ma wuw V it uiVl IUUU oti i as she went out that night; though' the place J ucuvj pressed with the glory and g;fanleur of the starry had not been a home to her, it had been a heavens. Many thoughts passed through her refuge, a shelter, the inmates had been most mind, which we have not space to xecard-here"krnaflliffd'er7now.he wasx to go among but not for one moment did she lose her- strangers again, this woman was a peculiar and inexperienced as she was. type-Hep-sie had noticed that when on their Remember gentle reader she was left entirely to JNauvoo. bhe remembered-hoalone, no relative, no friend, to whom she journey niuch she had talked of money," and her""queer far-n- r Could. CA fte r-- fit roll w m7fv&Xfir v AS t Oways, and she wondered if she - could endure near the houim h mftro plnv-nn- il to live with her. and eat and sleep with her. ful in her gpirits, and concluded she would the three ladies went out rocefchpr anrl n if go in and remain alone if the family carried out wa3 but a few steps. to Miss B'a house they their intention to cross the river that; night, were soon at the door. In the hall she "hesitated a moment thinking-sh- e "I've bought these two houses Mrs. H. this heard familiar voices, and on coming into one Hive in the other there is rented. I've the dimly lighted and bare room, she saw and heard two "strango iadie3 conversing with Mrs. plenty ofTmeans, you need'nt worrv while you're with me, I took a real fancy to you on They came towards her as sho entered we were crossing York with greetings but evidently much shocked to". the canal Doat, when mejnlmdni-my-fiister statevYouput w.w W vuaugcuuue rucoguizuu mem as sue was just. &ucn anotner a3 you two of the sisters who had joinad the company delicate and full of romance, wrote verses and of Saints in which she traveled at Albanj 'z011 they were bott tired, and the- - do'orr- froiCTew-Have- n, "I'llay Conn. After making some good night now" said Mrs. F. "I live on inquiries as to her health the married lady said Temple hill you know, its rather a Ion walk-wou- ld "Mrs. H. we have com to otTer a home, have been too nluch for you yeu we heard that Mrs. 8. was leave to the going Mrs; Harvey, but I'll seeyou again soon, we're City and we knew that in your delicate state, both from one place you know MariaandJ yoa wfre not equal to any great change. -- We. areJwth of us anliouti to Have jou." And n we firm as ever and no amount of- " both-presen- -- fri - m now - but those who were his friends, and when she closed the door after them, she felt such a keen sense of loneliness, that she shivered from a nervounspasm. to : Mis3 B. had a great deal to say that night in fact, Hepsie thought she would never tire, she was not like dear Mrs. S. trying to nurse her up, but talked incessantly of herself and her money, what she had lent to the Prophet Joseph Smitrrand alsovto Bngham Young, and Hepsie began to think she had come from to, anotner. .,.... r r ted low-spirite- one-Apostat- e tV lm d . - i. 7 . 1 LLL ; . . wm AW T "ti - she-unloc- ked -- to-niV- ht at.isrlmdBetEahx oticini; :thatlIrs. . . Mrs. explained still want you to feel' we sympathize with you r -- was . i anrli JVi '' i -Art 4- - vi tint r r I rr - vVMt11ni " - rlx tlarold come3 back and she, can keep me until St'-get money tor boarding and waiting upon me, she knows how generous hearted he i3 and that he buys the most expensive things; but no, it couldn t be that, and what can it be, perhaps my similarity to her. dead sister as she -- says, arr fnr m v jsnnipfv. ilfn. laffa. T fan a ' a.. ; will be disappointed. ""' ' ' ta Hepsie realized , the difference between Mis3" v J Vrl4. J iui KJ JJLU.L4 given Jierirom. the rst, she was shaking with cold and excitement yet Miss B. made no effort to warm her -- or administer sedatives; she lay awake uiitil morninsr thinking nver hpr miraculous escape for' she had fully" expected to be left alone in the house, which at any moment she might be compelled to leave without a shelter to go to. Hepsie acknowledged that night the goodness of her Father in heaven in providing this temnorarv home, where, si .p might have food and a refuge until some other change should come about. Ever after during her life angel was near on that occasion, and kept her from yielding to the entreaties aud arguments of those who professed the utmost sympathy - A . . . w m - -- -- I . 1 . -- - iii ft w eu iuiss arousea nerseii suincientiy to say B.lf you feel distressed about your money why dont you have it refunded?" . "0, as for that. I know its safe enough and I, shall get a good interest." Hensie concluded it was her disagreeable way oi looking at things and there and then conjectured that the old maid hn a minisfpp ranf!rp in talrinnf lifr in. T. r . - ith. -- a 4 her-fet--,'- her-he- ad - m , that she had parted not only from Harold, nithrconfused: ::laven,Jiut were-i- lmost M Moii as Mrs. Harvey had Jt offher.wraps, a knock at the door ": taken he arrival or her trunks and announced other odd the door but fDSFred Uezekiah and & Charley insisted on seeing Mrs maid for such she was remained silent, and Harvey. Miss B. told them she ancl would see them in the morning, o. came to her aid , by T saying Mrs. Harvey were fiaal, R?d you'd better accept thi3 offer for the present .to thepatent shook hands- with them wlh. you're too ill to be alone, and I've been tell- lns these ladies how mtifh vnn tka J happiness, and Sd-jIha- il Vr,erltj and attention." .Thiw"- - th"V orget your lng she has . lUUUV "mt. T , to me.'' It was nether, interview, this partingrand iurther: "We do not offer 7t you charity, we because of your youth and your lonermess." All this time the old K - HepsiS the glory for she felt in herself that she had no power only "through Him. That night in Tier prayer, she acknowledged the goodness of God in her behalf though she said nothing to Miss B; who had been the instrument in the Lord's hands of giving her safety and repose. The early morning found her wide awake and weak from nervous exhaustion, and Miss B. wieh. all her knew to do. ''Mrs. Harvey will you have a Dr. called to prescribe for you. vou am n ill weakr--"pr- no" replied Ilepsie l have not hadaphysician through, ail my illness only be better by and bye, the ordeal of last nifbt was too much for me in my weak state." self-appreciatio- : w w n .The - custom of lifting the hat had its origin during the age of chivalrv. when if . 1.1. i fAmOKtr ---inever to appear "in public-:xce- pt Tcustoln , " however, for a knight,: upon entering an assembly- of friends, to remove , his helmet, am 6afe the presence of my I - . gnis mlI::armoiItMme si-t',- If !1 men knew what felicity dwells in the cottage of a virtuous man, how sound he sleeps how quiet he rests, how his mind how free Jrom care, how composed easy his position, how moist his mouth, how his heart; they would never admire the joyful the dases the throngs of passion,and thenoises, violence of appetites that fill the house of the luxurious of the ambitious. T lo 