WOMAN'S EXPONENT 36 Woman's Exponent. EMMELrSZ IT. in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one LOO; one ne copy six months. Mi cli. No g year, f copy clubs. redaction made for City papers delivers! bjmail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil Published gpace, semi-monthl- onejime, f 20pemontM3.00. AJibcjaLdijcqunt to regular advertisers. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Address all busings com muni en tious to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXI'ONENT, Salt Lake City, the Presidents of the two branches of the Relief Society in Beaver City, Mr?; Ruth W. Tyler and Mrs. M. J. Bickley. We noticed in the audience Elders Daniel Tyler, Wm. Fotheringham, Benja-ma- n Bennett and other prominent brethren,among Elder i n the m Brother S hepherch an hod-carrie- August 1890. 15, . Israel. Tuesday morning we lef tBeaver accompanie'd by Sisters Houd, Tyler and Bickley and met with e at one o'cl ock, after having dined with Mrs.Mary E. Lightner; at her housejve saw jMfs. Elizabeth Gilbert one of the oldest members of the Church, tfje widow of Sidney Gilbert prominent in thedays of Kirt-lan- d and also in the persecutions of the Church in Missouri. Mrs. Gilbert has just passed her ninetieth birthday Aug, 7, she is not feeble as one d 1 the-women-o- f- "TJiightpecsheTal AN INTERESTING TIME. tized into the Church in 1830 and had never been reproved or brought before the teachers or authorIn company with, Mrs. Jane S. Richards, First ities in air those, sixty years. That is a good Counselor to Mrs. Zina D. 11. Young we left this v record to leave when she passes away. Mrs. City on Thursday August 7 to visit the sisters in Gilbert is the aunt of Mrs. Lightner and of Elder Iron County and attend. Conference in that Stake V Henry Rollins. also to visit Beaver Co., and if possible Fillmore After ourmeeting in Minersville we turned our on our return, but finding the distance very long faces homeward, arriving on Wednesday morning and it being necessary for(us to reach home as Aug. 13, having enjoyed our visit and labors very soon as possible, we deferred our visit to Fillmore much indeed and having been everywhere so and other places in Millard County until another kindly and hospitably welcomed. It is exceedtime. ingly pleasant and interesting to travel amongp the We reached Cedar City Friday evening after a people and see them in their homes and assem--blidrive of fifty-fiv- e miles, and went direct to the The Relief Society and other organizations of and Mr. residence Mrs. R. R. Birkbeck where are doing great good in the midst of the Saints several of the sisters were gathered to meet us. wherever they are located. Saturday we met with the Relief Society of Cedar and after meeting drove to Parowan exW. S. A. CELEBRATION. pecting to reach therejn time for the children's PrimaryConference. However we were delayed On the afternoon of Wednesday the 23rd of on account of a wind storm so that we were rather late but had an opportunity to hear a great July, the same day that Wyoming celebrated her many of the children's exercises, singing, recita- - statehood, the W. S. A,' of Utah assembled in. tion'S ef ci "and to'IookTupon" their Bea u tlAi llm elli OTFtoonoiTthe occV and in the goo,d fortune of their rejoice gent faces. There were a goodly number of them sion, assembled not only those living in Parowan but Jisllr Triilory.apd vvlth the 'women of Wyoming.: Summit paray00nan. IKaTthey had obtained political freedom. The Kanarra not being represented on account of the affair,was rather .impromptu, and "hurriedly ardiphtheria which we heard was among the child-re- n ranged ; the exercises commenced at 4 p. m., Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball in the chair." at that place. A song from a French The President of the Stake and his Counselors opera by Miss Alice E. Bridewell of were present, also many of the parents of vivacity to the proceedi ngs, her rich clear voice who labor in tbese aociations, .ancUve were botrr among the tall and stately trees, full of very pleased to see the interest that was taken in melody and sweetness. Prayer was offered by the little folks, and the encouragement given to Mrs, E. B. Wells. Mrs. M. Y. Dougall then read the sisters, who have charge of these organiza- - in excellent voice and pleasing manner a brief tions. spee5hJvr!H :M:hersistgr:MrsrSusa7Gates The following day the Quarterly Confefenr7 nf who was hot well enough to attend the gathering. the -- ReliefSociety StakewraTT ifT,at women shouting theBattre"Cfy" occtrp5ing"D5ni the forenoon and afternoon. The of Freedom in unison with Wyoming's glad 1 residency of the Stake were present alio the no one ! Yet, if the veil of the triumph, surprises Presidency of the Relief Society of the Stake. iuture couia but be torn aside, for every cry given by,, woman man would send a thousand fuller Richard Benson over night and dinechttHhe Ijome notes of joy. into the echoes, of Eternity of Broerrorgan Richards, Counselor to Pres. deeper v,quuc wuu eyes iau to see that privileges. Dr. R. B. Pratt was the next speaker, she went over some ngmujndjof thejopppnents oLwq- Inan suffrage and referred to the weakness of es. : ' :Ltbe7ty-'"Park7Sa1fXaK- - . merits of the cause; and they would be readyjo take hold of the work. Referred to the chivalry of Southern gentlemen and their desire to show woman special respect and honor ; but she was fully aware there were many women who had no protection, and who consequently must fight their own way in the world ; and how much better to be qualified and the condition of things adapted to such circumstances. Miss . Bridewell was listened to with marked attention; it was so new-tmost of those present, to hear a young Souther- ngirl speak so feelingly upon the -- question : of wo- wan's political equality. IZMFsliYDougall-fel- t proud of the Territory and State of Wyoming, she was a suffragist from principle and believed in equal rights for men and women, thought woman's reignhacT nowHbe gun in earnest since the women of Wyoming had been privileged to become enrolled and secure in statehood. South Dakota was struggling for the same privilege and she believed would be successful, many able women were there aid-- i ng the cause, California-donateliberally and L other states were helping on the good work. Mrs." Kimball suggested three cheers for Wyoming which was responded to by all present joining in the hip, hip, hurrah, which. was heartily--repeate' - are-leday - fnrvery gained by the mother, the son- will leap a rod ucona- very men of width, every foot in step- JonesHwitW largeti - - - After the Conference adjourned we visited the sick and took supper with the President of the Y. L. M. I. We drove over to Paragoonah andmetwhh heightwMc d mother.deepens and broadens in fonrfnM Ohecatyresnurtured beneatb-hereye.VEedlvIi- r' mc,," the Relief Soctelym the evening. Bishop Jones of men understand this? "You cannot gather hVs that place anl many other brethren as well as uui now wen the delicate, peach the sisters were present, we had a crowded house ...vu.- e reyr-thyears of cultivation, which brought-and Mexcellnt . meeting'heloiri- moriF tfie acrid plum from the steppes of Russia to 'ban mg we left Iron Co. to go to Beaver-wherwe m rosy lusciousness on southern walls. were entertained at Pres. J. R. Murdock's To vote, means not alone the We met with the Relief Society in the right to the evening ticket in the ballot box. It means a drop in a sort of .general meeting- - ever one was in" gate opent - : is,uvm,n1e the StakeIso I - iu,, e vited and there were about as men present. The President their arguments, particularly those of Southern She gave some of her views in Congress-men- . reference to the colored race, and woman's posi tiongenerally; the remarks upon the colored people called forth some statements oh the subject from Miss Bridewell who seemed pretty well posted on the woman question in the South, though she had never belonged to a suffrage association but was a member of a Ladies' club, and tpok a.great interest m aU mat,ter.; pertainingto. women: she believed, what the Southern women needed was education on the subject, and the op- - .portumtiesofbecoming.aciurnled NewJaraymt hich-must-havevhewrveiTT . . city City Utah. rs, s, old-tim- e lhe-IUlief-So- Entered at the l'ost Office in Salt, Lake City, Utah, as Second Class Matter. Salt Lake d , office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street.'second gate east of Descret News Office Business hours frora 10 a.m Exponent . - ;Pres7ofiheY Editor.' WELLS', up and demanded entrance at the gate, that women have since scaled the barrier and have entered the paths' ofSurgery, Law, Mercantile and (tern this gate." "other pursuits alt leading-outwarDoes it unfit men for husbands and fathers to cast .their votes? Does it unfit them as brick-layeras Senators as physicians. Why then should it unfit woman for her various occupations? Theonej)bject Jo be'gained. in educating men or women is to make them think. Tire educated the ignorant; many. But" few have always-rulenow with the opening; wedge driven into the iron Iwall of prejudice bythe bold hand of Wyoming, we may hope to see Education rising from the masses even as the clouds from the whole face of Ignorance watering into life and glory the flowers of Thought equa' and independent Though" Mrs. Emily S. Richards then addressed the ladies present in a very graceful manner, compl-- theirz: Wyoming-up- on imenting eriergy and efficiency during the twenty years they had enjoyed the franchise,and congratulating them on enjoying equal political rights with men in full Said there was no possession of statehood. jealousy in the hearts of the women of Utah towards Wyoming even if they had been disfranchised, they rejoiced in the good fortune of their sister territory; though Utah was her elder sister and in every way entitled to the same rights and the President of the Relief Society of the Stake Mrs. Lucinda Houd were present, and Mrs. Houd's Counselor Mrs. E. J. Bennett who is also mg on a thousand avenues which lead to peace and equality. It because those: few brave wo js men so many yearagaSejieca Fallsked. d. y Mrs. Nellie R. Webber rose in response to the Chairman's invitation and expressed herself in sympathy with woman suffrage all over the world, firmly believed women should have the ballot, 'and did not think they would vote for men to to office because they treated them in a be-electe- s alaari.!3k3thers . d . 