EXPONENT "WOMAN'S 168 Woman Exi 'ONENT. WOMAN SUFFRAGE PETITION. L. D. S. WOMENS' MEETING. : The W. S. A. of Utah sent the following peti-t- o the Legislature now in session, which was, as will-b- e seen, read and Referred "at once to the Committee on Judiciary; immediately following it was a communication from the Governor of Utah naming the Chancellor and Board Jof Regents, all of them new, which, was also referred to the V v. Judiciary. 2T. y The regular meeting of L. D. S. Womens' Associations held in "the 14th Ward As a very large sembly Roonur Feb. 15, 1890,-waand interesting one. Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. Commenced with singing, "Come, Come ye Saints." Prayer by Sister E. Stevenson, singing "O, my Father Thou that dwellest." Minutes of former meeting read and accepted. Pres. Home expressed herself pleased to see so large an assembly, hoped none of them jwere discouraged, because of the recent election, wished we were as a people as much united in religious matters as we are in politics. Instead of being discouraged our faith should be increased. We shall have the victory in due time, though we may have to suffer. We have crossed the desert plains and come here to build up Zion and we shall do it; as the Prophets have predicttS; I have heard Joseph prophesy concerning these things. Read the history of the Israelites; related inbriefsome portions of their history bearing upon the times in which we live. It is our duty to stand up bravely in defense of our rights. Great calamities are befalling the nations of the earth that have fought against the truth. The Lord will fight our battles and the nations will fear and tremble. Sisters seek for the Spirit of God and all will be semi-monthl- EMMS USB. D. WELLS, Editor. s ia Salt lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy six mouths, W ctt. , No reduction made for club. City, papers delivered by mall, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 12.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount ' to regular advertisers. ExroaxNT offlce, No. 25 E., South Temple Stret,econd gate east of Demerol News 023cc. Business hoars from 10 a.m to 5 p.ta. erery day, except Sunday-;:-"7" Address ail baainesa communications to Pabllihed semi-monthl- y, s na copy one year, ILOO, . ;' rUBLISOEE WOMAN'3 EXPONENT, Salt Laki Crrr. Utah. JMtereJ at the JPost Oflce in Salt Lake CU, Utah, Second CToii Matter. Salt Lake City; March 15, at 1890. "FROM KIRTLAND TO SALT LAKE ..J CITY." . The above is the title of a book recently published at the Office of the Juvenile Instucior in The fofowing Petilin jlld ".J L.L Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah : We the undersigned, in behalf of the Woman Suffrage Association j)f7 Utah,1 do respectfully petition your. Excellency and your honorable bodyasfojiows:2WecalI your attention to the fact that within the past decade there has been a marked advancement in the recognition accorded to women in the intellectual world, giving hope that the last shadow of the dark ages is fleeing before the daybreak: of equal rights. Colleges are opening their doors to woman, and the learned professions freely welcome her to ' ' U their ranks. , ........ In the work of education she now exerts influ-enc- e and authority; notably in New York City, where she has performed valued labor as a commissioner on the metropolitan school board. In view of the unselfish interest shown by. women in the cause of education, and that such may be not only e warded, but made more useful, we earnestly request you toappoint two representative women of Utah as Regents of the ' Deseret University. . We are satisfied that such- appointment would be creditable and helpful to. that noble institution and we know that it would win the gratitude of thousands of Utah's staunchest friends. We respectfully suggest the following as fit persons for positions on the Board of Regents, viz: Mrs. M. I. Home and Mrs. Neilie Little. . this city, the author is Brother James A, Little, a nephew of the late Pres. BrigharnYoung. He has very appropHatelydedicated the book toPresi r"-- ; dent Wilford Woodruff, the only living Apostle well. ;:v rr Sisters E. B. Fletcher, E. W. Wilcox, Diana Pioneer. The work is embellished with cuts " descriptive of the subjects "and placejtreaed JReJd, J. C. Howe, S. CumberlandJEStevensori and others each spoke a few minutes, touching We have not yet had time to peruse the book upon important subjects and bearing powerful carefully, but have gone over it in a sort of testimonies to the truth of the work in which we ... dcsultoryway, Treading paragraphs and parts of are engaged. Pres. Homemade a few? closing remarkserF chapters "here and there, but even in this ay have found. many interesting and important matters recOuraging all to persevere and remain firm and corded, with which we were erstwhile familiar. steadfast. Singing "Wake O, wake the world We ail know how apt one is to speak of matters from sleeping," benediction by Sister M. Brown, ? in a general way, forgeting dates and such other meeting adjourned for two weeks. y definite particulars as help to recall other similar Sarah f;"KALLr occurrences, and in this respect furnishing dates, " President of Woman The first General Conference of the Y. L. M. I. Suffrage Association ot etc,, the book will be invaluable. The traels Utah. - and journeyings of the Saints are told in a simple A. will be held Friday evening April the 4thL in - urrpretesticfirs styierthaf taake the" ;an""fhe"more" eloquent and pathetic, rXbe book is onef that should FeHneve ry home We have on hand the minutes of Relief Society The people of Utah who are interested in its library as well as public ones, and is especially a Conferences of Salt Lake, Sanpete, Uintah, and in friends to send out to the world as St. Joseph Stakes which we shall use good work true welfare andepecially those who believe. in. according removals-frowoman" suffrage and equal political it graphically describes the place to'dates, also an account of a trip through Emery tights will be to jplace, and persecutions of the Saints, and how Stake. ;;' ' gratified to know that Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball in the midst of trials and difficulties, they have had an excellent opportunity afforded her as the been upheld by faith, and shows how a loving - The General Conference of the Church "which official representative of the Utah W. S. A. to Father has led them even into this proraised land, make a report of the organized Association in this will convene on the 4th of April next is looked this refuge in the mountains. Territory. The following is her speech as given forward to with intense interest.in view of the reThere is no danger of too much being written in the Woman's Tribune, Washington D. Q. markable changes that have and are taking place of the early pioneers of the country, and in glancMarch 8, 1890. iU in the history of Utah. Brother over Little's we are ' ing iook, very glad UTAH. .' ' to see he has made particular mention of the Mrs. President and - members op the There will be a Convention of the Woman Suff- : second company of pioneers, that company being Convention : The National Woman Suffrage of Utah Association of men women and 600 about rage Thursday, composed children, April 3,1890, Association of Salt. Lake City, Utah, held their wagons leaving Winter Quarters on the Missouri in the Assembly Hall, to commence at 2 o'clock rrnuatrneetingTor the election of officers for the; river the June after the first pioneers had started p. m. It is particularly desired that every organiensuinjreajonaturdayT January iith-i8- 9o, in April and arriving in the valley the last days of zation throughout the Territory be represented time by a delegate, if possible; and if not, by manuSeptember and first and second of October. M rs. Sarah ,M. Kimballwaselected These are the people who built the fort, who script. All interested in suffrage are cordially in president -to vited 'Vxtstn'CZIIIIIZZZr'B:l foughttheUack crickets, rand pavedtawax Mrs. Ann D. Groesbeck, second Sarah M. Kimball: Pres throughrinsumerab - Mrs. Caroline E.Dye, third for those who followed after. Too much cannot Rachel Edwards, Sec. Miss Rachel Edwards, secretary. be said in praise of their heroism and sublime 7" Mrs. Julia C. Taylor, corresponding secretar. faith. There are many excellent lessons to be a be will General Miss Margie Dwycr, treasurer. There Conference of the Relearned from the careful perusal of this book of lief Mrs. Phoebe Y. Beattie, chairman executive Committee. Society held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall the pilgrimage of the Saints, and every one who in this City Monday April 7, 1890. Meetings Our Association.has three hundred reads it will be benefitted thereby. The book -paid up encommencing at 10 o'clock a. m. and 2 o'clock p. m. rolled exclusive "sixteen members, of branch may be safely recommended to all as possessing the officers and members of .the Relief Society - reliable i the Territory- - As nformatiqn, valuables s contain iriga porand all interested in its welfare and vadvancemeur results of our we tion of the history of the Saints. The book is are meetings, fully realize that edu- invited to attend. It is expected cordially -Suauon ana united effort ae chief factors printed In clear readable type, on a good quality that representatives will be present from each of in woman's political advancement. We are enof paper, and contains 2C6 pages divided Into 30 the Stake . organizations and report at the meet-- deavoring to promote .Interest inhhe systematic chapters. Prices, doth bound $1.50, leather gilt Jngs. Byo rder of the President, of the study science of go vernment and :most " $2.00, extra gilt $2.50. Zina D. H. Young.-results gratiftng have followed '. this course. - r- . : in-jere- . ' st ' - . ; . m : ' . ' at-wh- ich . vice-preside- nt. vice-preside- . : a, " -- - 