WOMAN'S car EXPONENT. J2 Pros Joau made a few opening remarks. Mrs. Grant: "I have, implicit confidence in ' Spoke of the pleasure it va3 to her to meet our Heavenly Father that He will overrule with the Sisterj in Conference, and to - hear .all things for the good of His people. 1 hope the reports read and to. mark the progression we appreciate our blessings, we can enjoy of the Society. Spoke encouragiugly to the peaco of mind and the spirit of the Gospel, let us have charity for each other, Lwish we could sisters and exhorted them to continue faithful to the end. Said she would now give way for live po pure a3 that the wicked could be bound , but the Lord knows best. There is a the I residents to report the branches over which they presided. Fourteen branches were great work for us all-.-tdo. when I think of th c work for the dead I. think we have a creak reported as pping faithful to their duties, muted m r and energetic their labors. The gifts of de al to do, I fear wc let urjm"nds; dwe Got often were made manifest in their much on the things of the world. How difthe pel 1 ! meetings nna a general good leeimg vva3 among ferent thing3 are now to what they were wh,en the "eHtdrs; there were a great many strong we came to these valleys, then we were thanktestimonies borne to the truth of the Gospel ful for great blessingsnow we are blessed with and a great deal of good instruction given, the aU tho luxuries.are we as thankful as we were Spirit of the Lord was in our midst tI a tjen? Well let us be patient and trust-i- n the great degree, one sister spoke m tongues and Lord and let us acknowledge His hand in all another gave the interpretation which was of things." Mrs. Kimball gave good counsel on the - He a nature to comfort a:id encourage the Saints " in well doing. . , port question, though there is an improvement, " whose remarks would sistere still there is" room for more, let us improve in spoke Many , be well worth reading if time and pace.wouid all that is educational. t 7 The forenoon Mrs. services concluded Home said: were am and "I permit". pleased proud or of work the done S. the R. our umm this of y gingmg, grace by stake;" Savior." Benediction by Marilla M. Danieb instructed the Secretaries to sud in' their readjourned till 2 p. m. ports before the 20th of Feb. and 20th of Aug. -- Wc are ambitious that we get credit- - for the 'Afternoon Session, Convened at72 p. m. work we do, years ago when we were poorer opened with' the usual exercises. Prayer by than we are now, we were given more t j i e- Ffl.tlierfrlfLVPS.Si.afPr PfdiPrrn Stnrtrlrir.ry nf . i Iigious duties and spiritual amurs, it looks as i t l was me it nrsi .ueni speaicer in me alternoon, if we had now too many worldly things to take after reporting her society she bore her testicare of and we neglect that, that is for our mony to the truth of this work. Said it wa3 eteroal welfare. iorty years since she had embraced the UospeJ, There are those in our country who have and felt thankful every day that . she had a desire to destroy the youth of the Latter-da- y embraced it; there was nothing on this earth Saints let us put our children on their could compare with it, or that she would guard to be able to overcome such temptations, for had testimonies its of it, exchange many we do need to watch the morals of our youth, ve came otu lora purpose, our let us be-.iruiu. honest, let us pay back what we mission was .given us, and we need the Holy borrow, so that we may have full confidence in each other, where there U confidence there is 11 ma us wo lu uiuu mat, Cjiiccu may icji.iib union, let us ha united, we are beiug tried now, detect the true spirit from the false. Let us MtJf.3yo standi IT iT'J IITT1 II II II tt&!r III II T us in His own due time. Conference adjourned everything iiea'r and dear for the Gospel but until 2 p. m , singing "Our God we raise to His arm of .love has been around me and , of indifference creep over us so that we will be be should a peculiar people in asleep. We faith, in healing the sick, in the blessings of the Gospel. Many arc cultivating the knowledge of the Gospel but mauy are getting cue less, let us teach our- - children the faith that can heal our sick. We are living in perilous times and we aregettmg to love pleasure more than rieht, spending . money in many ways . . that arc not light, true pleasure is not enioyed of thn snirifc we - einovf true nleasuro. lot 'us seti an.- of. (ind that j is worthy of imitation example -- 1 . in all things.let us look after those who are getting lukewarm, or careless in the ways of the Gospel, may God help us to magnify our call- - -- - r. l:i l uvii juui uiiuurtu vjuaru you can't be too watchful over them, it is the plairof the I)(2vil to lead away the children fiT 7Jnn frnm ihp. truth. Let tmtvpr bf nur d and pray witn our cnituren that, they may have a knowledge for themselves of the truth of this work, let us wake up to tick the kingdom of God first, let us take tirno, to go to all meetings. Remember that the Lord rules and will turn all things to our eoodrwe must be firm and steadfartto tho ' " principles of the Gospel, let us be prepared for all the trials that may come even to the giving up of our property or even our lives, still I don't think there will be any bloodshed in our day, in our most trying' times the Jjortl has been wTith us, we are not cast down we have plenty around us, the Lord requires into make a good use 01 the Diesings lie lias given Let U3 be up and doing and watch as wdl U3 as pray and do good to all we can. Mrs. Susan S. Young said: "I am thankful lor what 1 have heard here today, the orgam- Airs, ; . - J ---t- hat -- w 1 T f I I V I I I I I I f 1 o f. sustained me and faithful to the end. bister Lucy B. Yim ng felt that we had all come here to day for a blessing and wy had been blessed for the Lord is with us: it is all the kingdom of God. Let us use every blessing for good, the Lord will suddenly come to His tem pld an d let us - v i th oil in our lamp?, anrlour garments ready fur his coming. gave a great deal of good instruction" to":, the sisters on various -- rl'Ttray-thtLt-l-Tznholftw- he-rea- dy Sister-Youn- g - ' subjects.". Sister Marilla M. Daniels knew that Joseph omiinjwa5La pronnefc-o- i uotl Jrand u waV woV nU I , f live up to his teachings we would be saved B She gave an a'countof the Prer-Jii- hn and herself to the branche3:of the R. S. in the different wards in the coun ty, fou nd a good spirit wherever they went etc Pres. John felt the time was well speut in receiving good instructions and hoped we would, treasure up and remember them. Conference adjourned iL -lur lures mouins. m mpine1, ioni iinm: with thy blessing," Benediction by Anna IC 2 p. m-- , Conference continued by " sins-i- "For the strength of the hills," prayer by Mrs. Emily Stevenson. truth." Singing "O, say what - - i3 ' Mrs. B. W, Smith said: "The Relief Society a help to the work of the Gospel we expect to always have the poor to help, and every other labor that pertains to the work of God on the earth. Let our works correspond with our teachings and set a good example before the growing generation; let us pass over our trials and keep .hold of the iron rod, let U5 be 7 ""17.. . humble and faithful to the end." Mrs. .S. M. Kimball said: I know you hayel come to be fed to give you new thoughts with ; i3 : Sec. SAM LAKE STAKE Micute3 of Salt Lake Stake Relief Society Conference held in the Warl Assembly 1 iiall bept. 1 JIts, M. llorn ptc- siaing. Un the stand were the follosving hdies Mrs. B. W. Smith, Mrs- - S. MUuJubalf. Con- lerence the; Lord," prajvr by Mrs. Diana Rvid, singing 40, happy uls who prayer Roll Tailed 10 presidents, 10 counselors. 2 teacher;. 1 ?7prX tanesirKrauearrr3L'uuTe3 of 1 ait" con ference - Ji thiO, pened'.y-i-einglopraiss.ycV;- 4 andjiccepted, reprts read. .may..-.bJihit- i ilonesty should prevail in our midstj-purit- y mad prevail if we would enjoy "the spirit of the Gospel, let the Young, Ladies co operate with the Relief Bo ciety they are needed and the Association will 'do them good, we should watch and pray thaL we fail not in our callings, fast to all f ft ion; Con fei ence adjourned for th ree mon ths. The Presidency of the "Relief ;Society;" wer3 voted for unanimously, then the Presidency of the Relief Society of this Stake were sastaiued. Singing "Lord dismiss us with thy bleccing." Benediction by 3Irs. Mary S. Clark. E Howard, Sec ; UNWRITTEN LAW5 --FOItOFFICEK OF WOMEN'S CLUBS- BY AMELIA K. ..The wholexiuty of officers Oungsjranual, ft we all have testimony: of the Gospel, and not let a sphit WING. not recorded in or in any book devoted 13 simply to "'parIiameMayli"ssFgcr': It is absolutely essential that an ofnesr ri cpnyersant with these law3 and abide by them . ' r ronr from n:1 laf na et n vctnnl. the principles of our holy relig- - t... "I hope .1 ; -- Mrs. E. S. Taylor said: i will losil fli'om inspiration-o- f I-k- ,T:,ii. i enough on this subject, let U3 keep our children at home before we send them to schools that " ter-da- y .C Danii;ls ... and bless us and give us power to overcome, v 31rs. Ann Griffiths said: We have seen a great deal worse time3 than we' are living in now, but the Lord rescued us, and He will again.; I rejoice in the knowledge of the Gospel, I had tho privilege of ehaking hand3 with the Pronhefc in Nauvoo find thn. nirrintn feeling of friendship has never left my hand yet; the Priesthood is here the same as it was when the Prophet Joseph was on the earth,and let us honor it by being obedient to the commandments eiven from trod- rMrs.lHofne spoke on: the education.of our pfiifrlron tint In'hnro tlitm tanrrVif w (lifico nr y the spirit of God, "we get careless in attending meetings and it becomes hard to' live as Lat Saints, do not patronise outsidfe" attractions; how we do not seem to ba different from other people, we are on the verge of some " im-- ; portant change, let us be prepared' for what may come. There should be honesty that there r L&lw&ysrH Saints regariLlo our labors. The Latter-dahavo a strength, a spiritual strength more than any other people on the earth. Therefore when we have the inspiration of this spirit we help and bless each - --r ? Smoot. ThjeeJlbe u 1 should be kept in perfect organization. If wc arc in possession.oL..the.Bpint joi.uodwe.are fifled.. with peace. Let us say all the time 0, Lord help me to do right, we want Him to help us . - l . . . ll in..-.- auiue tarn, safe-guar- ' juartne xr 