W OMAN'S EXPONENT; EVENTIDE. . WOMAN'S GALLING. Dunugthe -- One picks a: pebble from the sand, And throws It in the sea. - A tiny thing to agitate ' I . My life is like that pebble tossed On time's refluent sea; A sudden ripple stirs its face, " Then glides out silently In ever widening circles, till Its last faint breath is still, As, weary with ,the strife to fight, Where strength must measured be, It rests its aching head within . . y Swet-sleeperfiit3'w-- Ida M. Davis. our-victo- ry LINES. BY ANDREA. 1 To Sister Mary Dewey of Deweyville on the death of her son Horace, who departed this life Aug, 26th 1889. a prize, a jewel came, Some two and twenty years ago; fill your humble cot with joy; J Much care on him you did bestow. A blessing, . . . 1 And how that kind parental care. Which so enshrouds a mother's heart, Grew and expanded day by day, As he performed his childish part. sublime; that of bringing to earth the body and spirit of man; of training and cultivating the mental, physical, and spiritual makeup in the most impressible period t)f childhood; this is just as important and sacred a3 anything And thus for yearsyour watchful eye, Your mother-heawith tender care, Traced every action with delight; A rrd- ne'er forgot i rt" Wf$rptay ef; 1.. rt -- alonei, all advantages and honor should be given' tyevery "true mother, .'and jslieshQttliLbe. considered man s equal, as she verily is, nor is this the end ot her world, the limit of her sphere,"heF dutres heredonot in any wise make her incompetent for any of the intellectual pursuits of life, inasmuch as her natural abilities and desires qualify her. After Eve was given unto Adam, 'twas said, "a man shall cleave nnto his wife and they Your prayer was answered; Horace'grew, To strength and manhood, good and true; And your kind heart did thrill with joy, 'When you beheld your noble boy.. - With ready hands to take his part, Andl3oTnesf"with willing heart, As time has flown since first he came, botlLshitlLbeelesh, for a helpmeet to man, we have nothing on record to make us think "jGod made the female inferior in any way to the male portions of creation, twas not suggested that she possessed ; Into your home without a name, A jewel down from God above, To claim attention, training; love You, in your labor for his good, Did just as any mother would. justreno'jghntelligen ing plaything or toy for -- the sterner hex, neither was it proposed that she should be his mind waq not to sufficiently large grasp knowlege of a highr but 'tis en plainly woman was writ. order, created for a heIpmeet,orirr"anyparticular branch or sphere, but, a helpmeet, and that embraces alt that w liikfLdeTOlvin fact woman's labor is more closely connected with home affairs and 'tis her duty and TIave-tjirtlnid2erb'ec"asee- TveETancT trained the noble boy, And filled his childish heart with joy; But failed to think 'twas God's desire, Your boy should aim at something higher; ! LM'g-i6"- - 1 rest;" And he has gone to join the blest, His labors now are rhore"of worthy Than when he dwelt upon the earth. - " privi-legert- o .The Lord needs help of good 'and true; And noble minds He must have tool To aid Him in His work in heaven, And to your boy this task is given. Therefore I would not call him back, To journey on life's weary track, But In the' church-yar- d let him rest,His soul is safe; the Lord knows best. become to instil in the minds of her daughters the best methods for saving labor, of using economy.yet producing the finest results, being an expert in the domestic regions, need be no detriment to one having a perfect kuowlege of any ol the arts and sciences; of the laws of the country the most beneficial regulations, and most desirable systems of executing the same. There are in all communities, some who were never destined to reign either in the Da ren tal phere orbat of wifehood their iujellec t u a l t ta i n men t sreTif ti m esoraelry nature, and I argue that their calling is eouallv grand, and one writer I knovV says, higher -- ' i - Of course we'll miss his presence here, For to his friends he was so dear,1 But do not grieve, you know he's arc- - for those tlve-opriB'- gtf- natural inclin?' ion and abilities? should their minds be dwarfed to keep them oh a level with th ose who couh t not; i f they wou Id climb: to;. such heights? I say decidedly, no! they should also he rerniincrat ed as ibe rally - asllic-i- gh they, were of the ma?"calinopersuasion7" It even handed justice was dealt really, looks, to our sisters and daughters, there would be less enthusiasm displayed for the right of political power which, is now deemed necessary in order to obtain the former points of equality, although I believe women perfectly capable ot with eTery thTng political, A? otherwise: vet I can observe noth religious or ing elevating ii.,r a woman to make herself conspicuous in 1 political primary meetin rr nr at the polls, 1 1 iow too well my opinion here will be opposed, but I calmly submit to your disapproval, for it is my sincere views upon the question, and I ail to see any real benefit we could obtain bv laws and penalties, the power of right we so .arnestly crave will only be gained by the' gift of love and duty, man and woman are', e; her incomplete without the othe r, no great thin g can be accom plished U f they rare separat ed, we can on ly 11 our destinies united ly. We are God's daughters, Paul tells us, 'we must be in "subjection to our husbands" ..lso our "husbands should love us, and not be 'J tier towards us," if this admonition is heede: by our liege lords", they will consider our cause, erant us all rights and ad vantages, for d veloping womanhood , a n d e We hold the our sex generally. priesthood in connection with our husbands, 1 : : j jf ; - 1 3 1 1 1 tin Mr-acp.nirg To ask of God who reigns above j To HlfES'Eeart with noble Jove; That he might choose the wiser partr rAhd serve thetdrdwlth' all hiFrieartT -- Jia4iTe- - morc-elevat- ed even speculation,' as to woman's rightaand. YV ha can is not- -a wrongs, deny- - that-ther- ewonderful power, social and moral, in the keeping ot every good wife, every, devoted mother, and every true woman, married or not This power is how seeking expression in nearly every portion of the civilized globe. mi ihere must be gome cause lor this! tis not a freak or whim oL one separate party, ie!igion or deWmiuation7or "nationality and will one day be universal. We, of course, must expect failure and opposition, but will be so much the greater. 10 reflecting, intelli gent women, whose faith rests on the teachings 01 Jesus Christ, this will be no drawlack. women's calling is grand and by - " . 1 1 , I . s ner mission oemg conuuetea asineereat mas ter intended, all mankind will be promoted to a higher standard, and better qualified to teseh the restored Gospel as taught bv Christ him- self: thereby saving and exalting the souls of men in the eternities. Th e call ingof - ou r sex is not d u v a ppreei ated, woman's efforts receive but little encour agement, and she is not given the advantage due her; her trust is responsible, sacred and andiinterests s are oth erspfind-w- ho but tie3 of blood, not bound to 'hem by the their labors argiveii cheerfully, because of" the intense desi e they pos?ess for the onward ard upward iLnrch of God's.- - children; should, they be kept rrom the performance of their enitw4jwni:iLihji& we are, gaining a view of the true mission of woman, of the dignity and im- portance of her labors and duties, and of the true happiness which will be the result of a faithful performance of woman's work, if her good efforts are appreciated and sustained bv those holdirjg the power of reason and --justireH At tne present time thereTH quite an agitation at large, -- involving, many theories, and . Its circles widen, widen out, " Then, faintly closing o'er, Are lost in waves more turbulent, . ? Or swept upon the shore. 27- than thoe wh rule only in their own homes, becauetheiO-im- At sunset on the beach I watch That vast immensity -- gone To jqin that blest and happy throng. In humbleness we'll all proclaim, ':Gpd gives, God takes, Blest be His name.' utTXtyQt-pared in all things w'iich is only obtained through honor and- obey." I am z: advocate of justice in every sense. being a corded to women, but 1 tear th e re nj edy wi Lnot Jie procu red by- - her be coming a party in the fight for political power, I think it is t r our eternal good to make the best use ot ur time, improving every opportunity to expand our minds, enlarge our understaodinghat ou rjmntalca pacify may be sufficient t contain ail intelligence, for that is the gl ry of God; would those who withold our pn liege, grant us the riarht of equality with t .emselves, they would be rewarded with wi or mothers for their offspring sons andllaughTUrTAvithliner intellectual quali ties and brighter crowns to adorn their brows iniJh devoid of to e of U8 the advantages the power deprr should intended be ours. great Designer E. A. Ckank Waton. -- 'MUte .Mesa, June 19th, 1890Meeting jit t ex. T rcises. rres. ny me usual eroy presid n cr. - I'res. U. 1 1 1 held opened fcara h M. Torn- Ko bson . with jjuite number jifihahrethreni-wer- e altogether a very good attendance. The reports brought in were of present, ; an encour- aging nature. Pres. M. A. Hakes of Mesa, Lizzie MacDcald, Lehi, Ann Klie4man,, Alraa,Susan Savage,Papago,and Esther Open-shaof Nephi ards, allfeltnenou raged and made some exctilent remarks. Pres. C. I. Robson, with a number of the brethren, gave come good and timely advice and instructions in their addresses to the peo-rl- e A general good spirit prevailed h i L Pomef aynd JSisterEmmat1: " Hill made a few closing remarks. r Benediction by C. H, Allen. Adjourned for three m onths. F. E. Robson, Secy. w Jr.Bira . 