WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT. .... i Services .commenced by singing "Lord we come before Thee now." , Prayer was offered by Pres. William Budge, singing again; the roll was calledand minutes of the previous conference, were read and and financial reports were then read The various branches of the Relief Society in the Stake were represented by the Presidents, the reports were very complete and satis factory. Pres. Julia P. Linsday felt thankful for the privilege of. meeting. in this beautiful building, " though i t a credi t to" th elstakerShehad ' listened, to the reports of - the sisters with pleasure, did not tnqw of a time when they were represented bo j "well, urged upon the sisters the necessity of attending to their spiritual and temporal duties, hoped we realized our positions as mothers in Israel to, "do good to all" made many other remarks comforting and n . to all present. encouraging Pres. William Budge snoke -ingly to the sistergj saithrbugfi cations tnere is a source or enjoyment which man cannot give. The only way we can stand the assaults of our enemies is by increased diligence. Thought thatrattendingto the poor was the first temporal labor" for the sisters to perform. ... Singing "Praise God." Prayer by Elder V Dalrymple. -- appro.ved;-tbe-.stati3-tic- al r . verv-eneour- ag- Sunday, 2 p. m., singing "Softly beams the sacrea dan ning,. prayer by Uishop Price, siug-ing'Ear- th with her ten thousand flowers." . . . .mi ine sacrament was then administere- dCoun. Elizabeth Collins said that th the blessings of God we would be able to stand all the trials we are called to pass through; and to gain His blessing we must obey His laws, mothers in Israel should teach their children to honor their Father in heaven and all to whom honor is due. Bore her testimony to the truth of the work Ware engaged jn. Coun- - L. M. Hart felt thankful for a name .,, and standing in the kingdom of God. "There is a dark cloud 'hanging over us.but tho JrA will be on our side if we are energetic in our -- , Pres. Julia P. Linsday felt pleased with the reports from the young folks,also to have Sister Alice Rich with us again afterher"long"afflic tion and to hear her acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all her sufferings; all the trials we pass through only help to strengthen our faith. Stake Pres. of the Primary Association, Annie Laker made a few very appropriate marks. Pres. Geo. Osmond and Bishop Price each gave some very good instructions- - and encouraged the sisters in their labors. Sinking When shall we all meet again." Benedic-tio- n by Elder IJj Lottie Pjxice, Cor. Sec. of Stake It. S. -- our ensuing conferences. The Ashley Associa tion to choose for the next conference. children. The Stake Officers were then sustained by A song by Emma Freestone 6 years of age Oaks. Pres. of Ashley Ward Association was sung in tha, unanimous vote as follows.' Abigail o El iza be t If B i ngh a mrFi rst f and A nne - Ha sweetest manner,-- slso a- song entitled "The by the Hill" was sung by four little ing, toecona uouuseiors, ana Garonne A. Their voices Stringam Sec. girls of Merrill Association. We felt to tender our hearty thanks to our . . chorded charmingly, and it was indeed a joy - to listen to them. Chorister, Brother Thomas Bingham, also to Two little girls of Mill Ward Association,1 the Stake Organist, and Brother Orson Calder their efficient aid. Pearl and Myrtle Johnson, aged respectively The conference closed with singing by all ' a dear little hymn" about the coming of the Savior, Myrtle acpresent and benediction by Pres. James companying on the organ. A song entitled Hacking. "Gentle Smiles" by Willie, Pearl, and May It was without doubt the best conference we Timothy of Riverdale Association was sung in have ever held. r Caroline A. Stringam, Sec. 8ucn a ioveiy manner mat pen wouiu iau to it is we will speak of a 7 little-Churc- - ng iournd-sjx-yearsga- ' i describe the heavenly music. entitled "Mother's Darling"by Jennie Johnson a little dot of a girl from the same ward, was rendered in a most charming manner. The opening prayer in the afternoon was offered by Zina Stringam a little girl of Mill Ward Association three years of age, her little voice was heard in all parts of the house, and the audience responded with a fervent amen at the close of the prayer. "Beautiful Home" was sung by Elie Wardle of Glines Ward, her father arid mother assist- 'Vatch the baby dear, Mamma will soon be back." Flora-Mapleto- n, - oft-repeate- d : ; Ashley . ressed-us-d tiring stance of his remarks were, as follows. Was highly gratified with the manner in wVhVTi iha '.ildrenhadreeit6dYrtrorrlie-W-- noticea people that placed their childrerTTor-- " ward at every opportunity that presented itself. Thought at that time they were over zealous, but had lived long enough to change his mind. For he could point out children pf these very people that had grown to be noble, useful members in the kingdom of God. "Our children if trained when young, are not apt to depart from .the teaching they receive. Our children have the nrihrinloi nf th culcatediinto their minds, from theeachings they receive in toese Primary Associations, while older persons are often surprised tofind : nai ;an nghtewe fe 4'. . (bymaud.jiuller. ' d . . The speaker, a tall gracefiil figure, addressed herself to a group'' of little children, three in number as they played under the shade of the trees not far from the door; and turning hastened through the field, to where two cows were feeding, they .havings escaped ing heivBrother Orson" Oaf der accompanying irom a little pasture close by. And while she with organ. This was a beautiful song indeed is in pursuit, alloiv me, dear reader, to introwell trained voices.. by sung' duce her to you,- - and give you a little bistory-o- f Instrumental pieces were rendered by childher past. Some eight years before our story ren from the several associations, and without opens, Harry Seawell became acquainted with uoudi snowea considerable skill. "the lovely daughter"6f Hubert W. Winner of Mountain Dell Assoa iuatnew but honest farmer. iuapieton poor "ciation. gave us a solo on the Violin, which soon became fast friends, and to an obThey was highly appreciated. it could Little Zina Hacking,.six years of age, sang server visits easilyjbseen, that these meant something more than mere "Little drops of water"rfktherIPres. J"ames friendship It's theold, old 6tory,"of love and Hacking) accompanying her on the Organ. yet ever new; and friends and A dear little couple, Susie Marlow and marriage felt that it was a good match. acquaintances Amasa Packard, of Merrill Ward sang very Flora had always been a delicate girl, but her" sweetly together and the recitations, dialogues, unbounded love for Harry prevented her from essays, etc.; of the remainder of the proraising any objections, when he laid his plans gramme were rendered in an excellent manner. to start a home in a new country sDarselv rp. ' addBishop George Freestone of "f Jkl . HOW IT'CAME ABOUT. -- -- - Also a recitation timjtesof quarterly conference Associations of UmtahSuke of Zion held at Stake House, Vernal, June 2nd, 1890. Pres enton the stand; Pres. Abigail Oaks, Second Counselor, Anne Hacking, Sec.- - Caroline A Stringam of the Stake Officers. Also the presidents of the 8fveraI'"';ward'''AKociation3 with their counselors, members of the Priest' - hood eter Conference was called at ten o'clock a. m. by Pres. Oaks: singing by all present, l) Assoiiation . fey ?f ' Ashley BartleU. Singmov An excellent programme was then rendered not one failing: taresiwnff , Tnf Thought that shS hou,e would not begin toehold the children through th programme were reports from the Gave out the different associations of the Stake, which next conference for the thi wero in more than usually favorable. Saturday September, called fV A. cises from each ward, and for rennr a The exercises of the children werewell f h& nih the 1st ready and of by if perfect, September. space permitted we would like to have given them all Ihought it advisable for :. . i especial mention. As -vuuuse me soncs for I Db Jr c- ' rece1v:enstruaionnmportaat matters from these little children. It is too much the caseythat the greater burden these children, rests with the officers training of these associations, this should not be mothers send your children to Primary, go wit them when you can, and officers with your faith'and always assist the preyers and every to Mess all connected with this noble work. Pres. Abigail Oaks, felt well repaid for attending this conference, said that those had-hathe training the children veil -- may W ever train them in and - h rf :thatthey TJINTAIT STAKE P. A. few'of the smaller settling new home3, know what this term .implies; how, with everything new and stranD-pr-- .jyfoff: t0 ' sn rulnft,th ts, soil, clear and break - up land, make roads, fences and water-ditchethere is a deal temp.er,th.fe-felemen- great of outcome, and but very little income for the s, first few years at least. , But youth and love smiles at such small triflesrso-in-course-- timeuryounfriends of anchored their little barque firm and fast, in a rough unbroken country, with its advantages and disadvantages, life seemed full of sunshine no cloud to dim the horizon of their future. experience has taught us - that no matter how fragrant the rose, thorns lie hidden under its foliage, just8o withjhisJoving couple. Sickness soon visited their humble dwelling a little one was added to their number, a poor fir-weakly little thinor- - in Wit; a fragile mother a delicate constitution, and like some lovely flower blossomed to day to droop and die These were sad days " -- - w. fortheyouag parents; But all this was bu- ried, thro the anxiety and care that was now given to the young mother; for days and weeks her life was despaired of, many times the fond husband feared his home would be made desolate by the loss of bis companion; but after many- - weeks - of waf ucrisis and 4wa with joy her friends nursed her back tc helgaixtzzAlthougfcbura'-recof her former self, she was in to attend to her household cares. time, able When his wife had regained her health, and Harry had time to look about, he found he had become so deeply involved,that he would have to seek ,t;!ere e could obtain the means to cx- wifh TK;a obedKiaiioa i , was scarce. . " k -; 