WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 20 struck up lively straui:-- of music cheering to the oul; social conversation's and fuendly greetings followed and each one had some remembrance "of the good old days " until the .call to supper on Editor. SMMBUSB B. WELLS, the lawn for which ample provision had been Bait Lake City, Utah. Terma; FublLied made, tables besutKV.lroninTsreiTted wuirfidvfers rne copy one- year, $1.00; one copy six mouths, LQ cti. fo and fruits, and each member of the Association reduction made for clubs. Cltypapers dcliyerd by mall, d received a small placque in flowers extra for Dostaxe one year. 25 cts. Aireriblax rates: Each sauare. ten lines of nonpareil .tied with soft narrow ribbon, and containing a written motto. After the supper was over ipace, one time, $2.50; per month, fS.00. A liberal discount ' to regular r Bishop Whitney in behalf of the Association made p' Eijtowsnt office, No. 25 E., South Temple 8treet,second a presentalioiiof-a- n exquisite basket of flowers, gateeaat of Deseret News Offlce. Business hoars from 10a.m to Miss Kate Wells who had painted the charm to 5 p.iaTery day, except Sunday. Address all business communication to ing little placques that were distributed to all the members. Returning to the house after the sup-- : PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ; Crrr. Utah. per and presentation the band played "A u Id lang syne," the young people singing snatches of the Entered at the Pott Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, a dear old song. The company enjoyed themselves Btcwvd Ctaxt Matter. " t until tne wee smanours" and dispersed with hearts and manv tender memories happy - - Salt Lake City, July i, 1890, awakened of the reminders of the days gone by. ... r . i '11 .j. it.a cumincic ably ov et 000 pages, ana win mciuuc ; "Woman 'S Exponent. narration and description of the settlement and . '.. . . - - mm m m m , Three at Jeastofthe- - prominent-membe- rs had passed away to that better land, and that of course called up sad but sweet thoughts of the A reunion to the members of the Wasatch dear departed ones who were wont to mingle their Literary Association was given on the evening of voices in song and mirth, and jest the 18th of June at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. One thing we had almost forgotten to mention F. D. Kimball. The entertainment was exceed in this notice of the pleasant reunion on 's and a success ingly pleasant, perfect socially, and Hill, at the old homestead, and that is that as a reminiscence of the past, when this Society telegrams and letters were read from some of the was in its glory and the young men and maidens members living at a distance, these were very in the bloom of early life full of enthusiasm and characteristic. We give below the programme of .. . . gaiety enjoying to the utmost the meetings,nd ineiirst gathering out of which grew this once social entertainments that grew out of the organi very popular Wasatch. zation. WASATCH REUNION. Hey-wood- . Many friendships were formed there that will last forever.and marriages consummated between those that were thus associated in those halcyon days of youthful enjoyments. The Idea of a reunion had been talked of for some time and finally resulted in an agreeable social interview of old friends. The matter was taken in hand by a few of the prominent members of the early time, who formed committees, held informal meetings, and prepared everything for tne delectation of the guests. IJSPRBAS nB7r13T spread on the lawn in readiness for the feast. old members arriving in croups or a cs tary one from a distance, each warmly welcomed by the host and hostess and a committee on reception. A band on the lawn played charmingly cveryimng oetokened a joyous and festive occasion. : About nine o'clock the roll was called ft,. old familiar names, (many of the ladies' names sounomg ratner odd as they had since been 1 - cnangea;. First on the programme of exercises "Reminiscences of the Wasatch" by O.F. Whitney- :TrFi.. 11. t Fobes, Reading The Water Mill." KiMi.tr... wood, Reading "Bill NyeAH. MWclbrViol ' - . . I. . .. auu,owiu wwson, accompanied by D. C Youn 11 I . f Sketch, H. G. Whitney. Anecdotes. W vrt., uu "v vy.u.a maiue norne, Keadintr of the "Budget Box" H. M. Wells. Critic, H L K .. 111 The Budget Boxjn former days was the sour rmm i. ai - fj - rr vbit VJl - personal inn u w mwugn sometimes very and satires caused a black cloud rest on the brow of a member ocCIC,y nanaicd. Un thisoera w m iuc uisiance- se(mH . .uiS ili 1 iiinnv some. m,embers 'ere rather rough y figurauvely spelkinS. yet the wuuAijy 10 ",f, . wc.",ct a,ad ) "wlll be cafetuifyconstdered and treated upon. Climate, scenery, natural re- ""-- u 3 his,"y days. The exersises over, the band on the lawn j sources, churches, schoools, railroads and institutions, in general; 'the various vocations and professions practised by the people;" the work will also include "biographies of notable men and h women with fine portraits accompany ing. "Other illustrations such as cities, towns, pub lic and private buildngs,cenery etc, will like- wise appear The book is to be published in Utah, by Dr. John 0. Williams of Denver and Chicago,who will take personal charge and assume the entire responsibility of enterprise. The prospectus Is followed by three pges of testimonials from prominent men and women , THe first testimonial is from the'FirstjPresi dency of the Chufchythenerable President Wilford Woodruff being the foremost pioneer of '47 to enter, the valley with Brigham Youne. George Q. Cannon came in with the first company that followed the pioneers who rut.in the first crops, built the fort and opened up the canons, Joseph F.Smith,' Lorenzo Snow, F. D. Richards, D. H. Wells, and others who have endorsed the history have been the active colonizers and associated in the arduous labors and various ' movements incidental to founding and building up a modei n ..civilization, civil, political and governmental in a heretofore uninhabited desert; and ; ir, a.v.i An;n if- - a .iLii-- u ing industrial and educational enterprises. The women whose testimonials are civen are those who have figured conspicuously In the settling of the desert etc., or are the daughters of the real pioneers born upon the soil. The work is very substantially endorsed by leading people of the Territory, and 'will no doubt be satisfactorily completed in due time,but such an immense undertaking as these books cannot be hurriedly :written72sr afforded to the writer, who enjoys to the fullest extent the confidence of the people. . EDITORIAL NOTE. - Ul ti radh!-- a-w- 3nY Wells, Sec. A SOCIAL EVENT. HISTORY OF UTAH. thepress." " S W ork hU.Yr . Emma tinlly iisrnjm me made quite f Sr 1 A J uu us- 1. 1. . We take great pleasure in the contemplation of a truthful and correct history of Utah Territory, earned, and the selection of Bishop 0 rson F. Whitney Enrollment of members to write the history is eminently proper, as he has present P. Margetts. been familiar from childhood with the lives and FerSuson, Misses Kate and ;,rervJameS Wells and Rose Sipple became members. May experiences of the foremost men and women who Moved that visitors be admitted at the next have founded a thriving and prosperous Territory In thejnidst of an uninhabited desert." meeting. Carried. Bish-op'- s The " Committee reported programme for next meet poetic and classic style of writing tends to r ing January 28th which was accepted. originality, and his fine cotJpjUie:subect-h- e Executive Ccmitteewasenm;nr4-v has heretofore undertaken naturally 'leads to several names for the Society th the conclusion that . he will "cvl. evenin succeed in making this ... ' session. V wdrk not only lasting but important Miss Mell Whi hey by and versatile. Moreover his heart is ininteresting request read Mrs. Caudle's the labor ecture on Spring Xlothing, and was fbllo 5..hLch isan essential characteristic in -. or" hy AIajor Woods who such magnitude.1 We have too a vert , ,"'"R3 teiuiereu. heartily endorsing the choice made by the pubBy motion the meetiner aHinnrn. .,M t lisher's and believe and trust the will enterprise 28th, at the residence be a permanent success. 7 f 15th ; f " Ward atthe hour of pfm. 7:30 thpt v deal of d.ffoeBce.r.The critic gave a rev est rather than tritW -- i , ... votes. ,, Moved that a critic be appointed each evening, w .lAiauci 1 y aa .... . ILwas jnoyed and seconded that be elected each month by ballot carried. The duties of officers were thJn debated upon and settled. Moved that candidates for membership' be ad mitted-bballot and rejected by three olank - : ;wereiundsrnelr tlluminatedaFd'tabrel uuuntuu Minutes of the first meeting of the Literarv Asso- ciation known as the -- at the residence of Mrs. E. B; Wells, State road January 21st 1874. society met and organized, O. F. Whitnev ivas elected Chairman by a majority vote. Major W. W, Woods became Chairman of the exerutiv? committee by ballot, but resigned in favor of Miss Mamie Jones who accepted. Misses Eell riav. ton and Cornelia Home were elected niaontc . . '""'J oy a majority, . "Social, industrial, educational, political and seml-monthljfc.- -- r . formation Ol UlC iCiruui), id jjiunm velopmenl up to the present time." - hand-painte- 1 On the b".'Uom The author gives some few ideas in to thewrkhehas undertaken to do r r.f.. TV " m"' ., : Juna pleasant of ladies athered at the residence of Mrs. party Maria Wilcox m this city tocjelebratiilhVwiAL"r: . her birthdav. It . 4 to tne surprise lady herself as the invitations had been given out and preparations made by Mrs. Elizabeth Stevenson rs cox daughter .Ella and her a?,d son's wiic 1 . iurs, i7th-q- f jLizzie VVjlcox. eTompany was a congenial one, of old-ti- m 