W OMAN S EXPONENT . doing their duty according to the will of the Lord. The different officers were then placed before the meeting .to be sustainecLby-rBUhoArgyll ana ;there was a clear vote to sustain them nil in their different offices.' Lilly Patworth and answered by Mamie Silver, Lilly Dean, Ruby Irvine, Eddie Bliss, Parley -- pAtwvrth,and George Fitz.- - A story by Mis Collett; Sister Louie Felt, Pres. of all the your appetite to become at once excited. You can look into homes of another" class, and you will seejieither taste or order. The expenditure may be large, yet you do not .feel "at Primaries in; the world, spoke a short time in home" there. Books, shawls, hats, and stockSister Mariah" Ferguson then spoke a few favor of our Primary. Sister Felt was 'well ing in course of repair are thrown down about miuute3 about the prosperity tf our society pleased with the paper, and asked a few questhe place. Two or three chairs are, loaded, said that she thought wo were doing well, did tions. Sister Felt congratulated Pre3. Bessie with clothing; the rooms are in confusion. No not feel to occupy more time but would like Dean in the good way she had brought the Pri- - matter how much is spent, taste is yet wanting-b- y to hear from the brethren preseht7I ior and ward said she had enjoyed our meet-the manager of the household. It may be mary. Brother Andrew M. Ferguson thought as a ing very much. She told us' to listen and obiy a humble cot, and its doors darkened by " alLthat the Pres. fould tell us.. Motion song poverty; but it can be sweetened by cood order: society we were doing well, said the sisters had done better than the .brethren accordiug "Rock a by Baby' -- by Carrie Armstrong; Ada' and a proper means of L "organization. Houseto their, mean 3 and' time, said we needed a Smart,-Vern- io at Lilly-PFames, worth; Lilly" work is of course principally controlled by house to meet in and was glad to see that wo Dean. Mamie Newton, Amy Becsley, Laura womankind, therefore a great responsibility aZ ! TL talked of having one in the near future; told JNewton, Kuby Irvine, and Einiaa Wattz. J..i?- w it'aiiug upuu LicT Kuiu. xuo nrst.j. uuues oi us what the society was organized for by the Sister Clawson Pre3. of the Primary women in the household capacities is to be useProphet Joseph Smith. He felt to encourage Associations in S. L. County spoke a short ful with their fingers in the simple manufacture thesisters and said that the Lord would bless time. Sister Clawson was much pleased with or cioining, cooKing eiceic. and the- Jherai rerseverance is anotner useiui trait in thecopeatngrprayertheIeraory-Oem "duties in righteousness and humbleness of paper, bhe said, that she had enjoyed our When we know of a good plan we heart; that we must work faithfully to the end. Primary Annual very much. Sister Clawson should mako use' of it and adhere to it. ii. we wisneu to gain me rewara ior wnicn we wa3 much pleased with the order and she Punctuality is another qualification worthy are sfriying, that our Father in heaven would believed that we knew how to act in a buildof our remembrauce. How many unpleasant reward us if we would magnify our callings ing that was dedicated to the Lord. She was words and deeds would be avoided if more ataccording to his will in meekness before much pleased in the way Prc3. Bessie Dean tention was paid to this virtue. Housekeeping Him conducted the Primary. Brother Derbsdge is a. science of loving, helping, forethought and Lorenzo bore his addressod in us then a verv interesting way. calculation. Bishop Argyle testimony 1 and said it was our duty to help strengthen one Sister Mary E. Cook said tCat it was not the Yours respectfully, another, said that he thought it the duty of first time that she had been to our Primary. Jultaett Wood. ' brother in and sister the be to Chnrch Cook . time life Sister shoit the a 1800. Mar. every spoke 23rd, upon teachers to each other, if we lived our religion of Christ. The Primary, sang "Nearer My as we ought. Said the greater our labors the Qod.To.Thee." Mbs.Elia Nebeker, Pies, of our A MOTHER'S DESPAIR. the22ntT Ward Primary Association spoke a reward, and the greater our knowlgreater the edge greater our: condemnation if we did few interesting words and asked a few questions. our ,nbtdo, It is asserted that the law3 are more than duty. Advised the sisters to be Sister Neal Pres. of the Relief Society of the punctual in their attendance, thought we would 19th Ward made a few remarks, and wa3 much just to the sex which has no voice in making feel better if we met often and bore testimony pleased with our meeting. She thought it was them. The assurance is reiterated that ''women to the truth of the work of the Lord, said he so good that there was nothing to add to it have no grievance." The San Francisco Chronicle of May 8 tells the folllowing story: to it to make it better. Sister Neal said if we hoped the. sisters would encourage their hus hands and help them in being faithful; that obeyed our Pres., that we we would be blessed A pajnful scene occurred iu Judge Lawlcr's we had an influence with them for pood or b id because she tancht us such good things. court yesterday, growing out of the removal of and that if we used it for eood. we would be as Sister Irvine, the late Pres. of the Young a child from its mother's custody. a mighty. pilJar-o- f strength in Zion On Saturday last a writ of habeas corpus jn helping Ladies M. I. A. spoke a short time in favor of to roll-o- n the Latter-dawas work, also that as our Primary Association and also was pleased gran tea to uavia iieuieiu. . comraanain parents we should be careful j)f the example withJPreand-herewn- s soh'' Charles Spoke of the tnat tney were being urougnt up in suca a Henry Clarke, aged four years, in court. sorrow ana pain we would endure it our little ood way that they would soon be members The petition for the writ stated thafjleulciu one3 should go astray thromrh anvexalhrl an d his wife, "Kate; were the" lawful guardian s wciwio uciUjj iuu us.as sisters not ituuuvo bye to us because she was going . to leave the of the child, and that he had been forcibly to murmur against our president bu t sustain wardhe asked us to pray for her little Jennie I and illegally removed from their custody by her in the position she occupied; exhorted us who was very sick. Sister E B. Wells spoke Mrs. Clarke and Rebecca Herrinirer, her to be faithful in our labors of love for the a short mother. In a suiE'filed on the same day, Mr . time, in favor of our Primary and dead, to be diligentin qur endeavors to do a asked a few questions.; Programme for next Clarke asserted that she had consented to the work for them, finally counseled us to be faith- - -- meeting-was read Lion of her son by the Reuleius some Jul in ail tilings both great and small. months ago,through fear of personal violence Prayer by Elder Derbcdge. Pres. Ferguson then spoke about buying a Jariic Alford at the hand of her husband, James P. Clarke, piece of land for our Relief Society houseto a brother of Mrs. Reuleins. be built on, we then had a committee of five 1 ... ITTl H .t In xh nenxne case was cauea For yesieraay,Lttorney Exponent: the appointed as a Auijding jjommittee.--Meet- in --M. Cooney, representing the mother, asked for ttien adjourned, singing "Lord: dismiss us. HOUSEKEEPING. a continuance, basing his request on a physiBenediction by A. M. Ferguson. cian's certificate, that bis client was in such ' E. o E. 13 cr fliof if wnn In no An n rrnr. rioltnta rnn one of the most important ; . Argyle. Housekeeping duties devolving upon the young lady, wife or ous for her to leave her home or to be submother. It doesuiot consist wholly in cleanlijected to any undue excitement. Judge La wler, PRIMARYANNUAL. ness; nor does it depend solely upon economy. however, denied the request, and Mr. Cooney It takes patience, love, tidiness, ambition, and dispatched a messenger for his client and had . Minutes of the 1 9th Ward S. L City Primary cheerfulness; and above all a7 will not to be her brought into court. Testimony was held May 19th 1890, Miss Bessie Dean taken which showed that, while the Reuleins preside called an id lerj JZWhV not even in a humble cot, yet there mast be clean- - had legally adopted the child fifteen months golden Rule." Prayer by Miss Maud Bliss. linessjwhich is the especial elegance of the poor. ago, ho had ever 'since continued in the custody" Continued by singing "In Our Lovely Deserei" she:had "pryHeiObr Beauty is not all yet that it. should be in of his mother-andTthantTiomestic life, in art and.science, yet ins support. An attempt wa3 made by Mrs. then reat 100 members present. Programme we cannot scarcely pass the door of a friend's Clarke's attorney to show that the adoption was camod out as follows: First waa a house, but that .we can tell whether resides naner introduced was invalid. Henrv I. 'Memory Gem""Virtue is better than wealth." there a person of taste, or untidiness. There Knowaisky, Reulein's attorney, oty$.Gte&f. and by Mis3 Lilly Dean, which was repeated by should : be an -- air of d j Tudge L neatness, arrangement objection. . He the Primary. A bible storr bv Miss Grt renneuient, whica would give a thrill of further deTiied a motion to dismiss the writ, Derbedge abou t A Recita tiou pleasu re. There should her a" flower in the and despite the protest of Mr. Cooney, decided W1"d0 or apictureon the wall, to show taste. the cbiidshould be returned to its guardian. b? Foi1 uu ,f,eiue rnz' A,daet ine PaPer Ane the furniture though common, should be free' The bailm 01 the court attemped to enforce t !ueu xiour, was read by its editor Mis3 from dust. Ihe art of living extends to all th is order, but the mother clu ng to her ch i Id XAith Fames; the next was a the economies oM correspondence "with a strength born of desperation, and rebetween Janie AIfbrd and Carrie Edwards, always profusion, or great variety- of eatables, sisted every effort to take him from her,: An organ S9I0 by Lucy Dean, an ' essay by ones that the: bailiff heateend ingTwers-heat length jdesisted. Another deputy-sherif- f . . " .1 . -' -- - -- . .. notise-keepin- . ' -- -- -- - ' . y - . 1 .,, "I 1 1 1 - at -- . - " &2 Tv,; an-S?i- . . " , r g. 