WOMA N S EX i' 0 JS' KN T. v. tut Exponent. WOMA N's Editor. BMMELlbR B. WELLS, ' ' Published In Salt UVe City, Utau. Terras: sejai-monlhl- fi znacoDT one rear. flK): on-- i coky six. month. 00 ct. fo - reduction made for club. City papers deli vertfb by, mail, ; extra for postage one year, 23 ct?. V Advertising rates: EacK fquaw, ten Hues of nonpareil one 'i Uma, f 2.S0; per month, 3X0. A liberal discount pace, ' 14 regular advertiser?, ' Exponent office, No. 25 K., South Tecple Strcetfecond gate east of Deseret Kews 0ce. Basinet hours from 10 a.m ' to 5 p.tai erery day, except Sunday- . ?, Address all business comraur.IcaUoua to rUBLLSIIFP.' WOMAN'S EXrONENT, : Salt Lakb City Utah. - , , Entered at the lUi OCl:e in Second Cta"i Matter. ABll.WWMB"' tell IJikt City, Utah, a December. i, bALT LAKE LITY, 1890. ,; WOMAN'S STORE. , , rrclimioary steps have been taken towards the establishment of a Woman's Store in this City at an early date. A call was made through some of the daily papers for a meeting to be held on Friday Nov. 2Sj at ii a. m. in the 14th Ward As- sembly Rooms, for the transaction of important business. The call was signed by Mcsdames 'M." Isabella Home and IL B. Welb. The meeting was held as per appointment, "Mrs. M. I. Home Chairman and Mrs Emma G. Dull Secretary. The subject of parting a Woman's Store and its advantages was plainly stated first by the Chairman of the meeting and afterwards by Mrs. Caroline C. Raleigh, Mrs. Zina D. II. Young, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Dr. E. S. B:irney and others. .The shares were placed at I5.Q0 .leach, and quite a number of ladies came forward and took shares K Jfl f UW trsI-n Y.r.-riVit ' WtTiVTi 4tntnmrpI J UllllllMUUll luai li 111. Vlt.lI IJV.,st-- t isl J KaI.i mis is not a uenevoient unaenaKing,rnit positively a buiness transaction under the direction and Immediate 'supervision of reliable womena!-- . thoughlt will doubtless be a good investment for means belonging to the Relief Society in its several br.innhes. und nfhrr lil-- A;;nr!-itinnmuch better than allowing the money to lie idle. Another meeting was held at the office of the Woman's Exponent today Dec. 1st at .which"; -- - i f c' further business Was transacted and Committees called for purchasing goods etc., who are actively engaged in the movementjiUs expected the store will be opened on Saturday 13th or the Monday ' following at latest. v In connection with this commendable enterprise it is expected there will soon be dressmak-- . i n g, cry2an d hair dress nj; 1! epar t m e ntTn which yougfrls may be trained in these active -- 1 industrial employments. The management will be in the handspi principles, consequently there is little need of uncertainty about its success as a safe investment for capital, Those desiring to take s hares can"p,ay themal thextoresnd-- r u mil Cert) ft dates of sharesea n b issued. Th e name under which this enterprise-wi- ll be known is "The Woman's Mercantile and Manufacturing Institution' situated opposite the City Hall at 123 E. First South Street. e" CHRISTMAS IS COMING. 1 harChristmas if coming is everywhere parent in the donring T cfjjhli ap- e Z ... U-po- an iatcrest ia this Conference and help to make it what it should be a place of instruction. Every ofScer who can should make a point of attending these Conferences for her own benefit and that she maybe more helpful to those with whom she is associated. Wherever it is practicable the children should attend as their help is necessaiy to make a Primary Conference beneficial. Mrs. Eilen C. Clawsoa presides in this Stake over the. Primary Associations, AN ENJOYABLE . nt -. Mrs. C. Louise Boyden and her pupils gave their first Reception last Saturday evening at Temple of Honor Hall in the Deseret Bank building. There were about one1 dozen recitations given and jhe, parents. and friends were surprised at the improvement shown during the two months instruction, the articulation ..and, gesture beizz -particularly noticable, also the deep- - tones which some of them gave utterance to showed that the instruction and drill had proved quite successful - " . ENTERTAINMENT Jq..$tiengthening?wM Boyden was kindly assisted by Miss Viola Pratt and Dr. J. P, Wilson who each gave a beautiful vocal solo which were highly enjoyable to the audience. Mrs. Boyden finished the programme with a reading of "The Creeds of the Cells," which, calls for great voice and perfectly trained breathing power. The only drawback to the entertainment was the incapacity of the hall to seat the many guests there present, standing room be' ing at a premium!, The writer had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Boyden when on a visit to the Eastern States a fe w years ago and was at that time interested In herorraccount of her having been a friend and schoolmate of the late Mrs. Frank Colei whose sad death occurf ed in siiHjer but whose memory has ever been helcidear by those who knew her intimately. 3tfrs.iBoyden seems to be an accomplished elocutionist,we have had, the pleasure of hearing her on more than one occasion-- ; "she iraso . celebrate. ra. wiU takfi : ! . j-p- The Quarterly Conference of the Primary Association of this Stake will bs held in the Assembly Hall in this City Saturday Dec. 20, meet- - witTi every thVad-vanceme- is rt Meetings wlU'commence at 10 a. m. and a! Mrs". M. IsabellaHorne presiding. thing in the art line,pictures especially of the various varieties photographs etc., books of all kinds and stationery, and the most wonderful tops and games for the little people, his windows are always dressed in an attractive style at such times and no pains is spared in catering to the public taste in the way of art and literature. D. M. McAllister half way down on the same block, has a very unique way of displaying his goods; his show windows having been greatly admired ever since he ''took to the business," and it may be expected that Santa Claus will remember him bountifully when getting in his supplies for distribution; McAllister keeps the best magazines and periodicals of the times. At the old stand where James Dwyer Esq. held forth so many years, and catered to the public taste Margetts Bros, have a large and carefully arranged stock of the same line of goods;, they keep all the popular and latest magazines and periodicals also, and will certainly come in for a' . liberal share of Santa Claus patronage. Last but not least we hone, though nprhnnc with a small beginning, we trnst the Woman's Store will be a popular and favorite resort for the" ladies, and gentlemen too," who want to make purchases for Santa Claus. Mothers should look in at the Woman's Store before purchasing elsewhere, and help sustain by their custom of woman's enterprise in this direction. t Above everything else let us ail remember on this day of days the poor, the sick, the lonely and bereaved ones, the widow and the fatherless and carry with us everywhere, and scatterat-homand abroad not only temporal gifts suited to our means, but the good will and charity that seasons Igoodcheer The love that surpassesTjllitherl - love and makes us like unto Him whose advent we generaTTITelWplied :. .thij-JQoaeyea- m EDITORIAL, NOTES. ''The Children's Book" I by Augusta Joyce for Mormon" children and contains nearly ico pagesinhort Articles" of poetrylprose all a field of labor in jier proessiorj suited to" new and original." The book . .'. js just what is" 'talents."". needed, at the present time and is suiiabfe lbr" a holiday gift. Price $1.50. The book can be ob ITEMS FROM SCANDINAVIA. tairM at this office, JnjntoJjming,anddw her ; - Th Quarterly Conference of the Y T r 1 A of this Stake will be held on Friday the 10th " cr 13 inc aau Lake Hall in this City, and it is desirable thatAssembly thereshoujibe a is anticipated there will be an establishments of a simSar.' 'character. interestms Every sessmr,.. lirethren and. sisters who are anxious lody. who has anything to sell hopes Ao do a Z !he of Zion !'! thriving business at this season of lhp vMr'."- -. be invitea.to i.a.-;present at both 'ccuuiiy wuy is ver g3y and s..owr- in anoearanrp . at2 meetings and J m m n 'at p.m. 7 no juii bow, ana juagmg from the prpcTTjnstiiat J K45up-Keepfirsir-asirTJthe- -- , ' ' The Quarterly Conference cf the Reiief Society of this Stake, will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly RooinSjJn this City Thursday, Dec. 18, 1893. Representativesfrom. each branch Societ1 in the County are expected and re- this is a very important period verbally, in the history of the Church, it is most essential that all duties be performed faithfully and it is . ardently hoped by those who preside over the Relief ""Society, that the sisters make "a good showing by their presence at this Conference. The brethren are cordially invited to rJ.ehd, .are going forward old Sanh Claus will have a most enthusiastic welcome. The Dook sellers expect a.good share of patronage at such times, and books arc valuablepreseots and Santa Claus to be sunnlv and it rrenmv lavs honrd he will not neglect the home authors at such a time. The Ofllce of the yuvinile Instjuctor just across the way.from our little sanctum is well supplied and Santa Claus should be notified that since his last visit it has been removed into new and more commodious quarters and has increased in the variety and quantity of suitable books, home productions and selections carefully made; also gifts and toys and almost everything Old King Christmas needs to load up his sleighs ete. C. R. Savage at the Art Gallery near by, the genial friend of the widow and the orphan, and 6 Ppk T " Elder Edward H. Anderson of Ogden no v presiding over the Scandinavian Mission has written a very interesting account of the 5rJqfjrte Gospel in that parr of the "worlcTtolh e Millennial Slar from which we quote laTew JternsTeeHag that those who have emigrated hither from that far country will be pleased to hear good news from their native land,and also that all will rejoice mlSDalBBJM. Ige of the truth; Elder Anderson writes from Copenhagen und 