WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 188 just" before coming away. She did not find and the Saints listened to his aisice and to them very" congenial society especially the'two that of others who had been Joseph's staunch I young college graduates and their wives. The friends. Shortly after the martyrdom the eldest one whom she had ardently hoped would Harveys left Nauvoo, but Hepsie andXIH.fiikld theirBtqTivomewafd- - when Harold's poeliT nave married Lucy Keynold?, informed her refused to go, notwithstanding threats and cik that he was soon going backEa3t with his wife treaties at the last moment from Mrs. Harvey. nature burst forth in the song; and baby; and she felt that Lucy had been They were really left almost destitute, for Mrs. "We parted in silence, we parted at night, spared this sorrow at least, better be single H. had carried out her intention of taking with On the bank3 of that lonely river; her. what Hepsie had brought from her own after a broken engagement, than have an'apos Where the moonbeams shed their silvery light, tatc husband. The other brother was not much home, at the time, of her marriage. Poor. We met and we par' cd forever! r felt relieved when they were better, he thought of going back,to retutn Hepsie And the cold pale mtfen, and ihr stars above' f Via fircf fimn fnn nrna on1 olmnsf oinn Innninn again when things had squieted down. . . many, a touching story c i - Tr ,1 .1 ..1 Hepsie wrote to Lucy, and told Jier of her nome ureatneu ireeiy. xiaroiu ; was in the Of friends long passed J ihe kingdom of rest K vrm n rr a ri fl I f fV' ri w itn Trfs t - n f ri t f visit, and that the two Mr. W's. would return the sOTlarcitrrnratle Qrglaifi': and his father had given him some money,unbe-known- home or settle somewhere in the East and pos.MWe parted in silence pur cheeks were wet to his mother. ; They commenced sibly use an influence against the Gospel, and With the teais that were past, controling warned her to beware, for. they would bring housekeeping on a very small scale, most of the 'c vowed we would never, no, never forget thine-PYP,snt furniture beinf lpnt thpm. hv a evil and false reports: they had become, emCJ J And, those vows at the time were consoling, bittered and were working against the Saints. woman Hepsie had formerly known, who lived . But the lips that echoed that vow of mine Those who are familiar with the events that in an adiacent village, but was a. member of ' Are as cold as that lonely river -lhe.Ohurch;; and when took'pl ace abou t th aMimertire a warehnw on er: Hberame-branch-'"And"tlat sparkling eye, the spirits shrine, unpleasant occurrence followed another until Has slurouded its fire forever." the crisis came. Hepsie wa3 near th? Main indeed and offered them assistance, which; ?And now on the midnight sky I look, street of the city and heard much that was rirrMimsf.nnnoj? ftlmnsf. rnmnpllpd thpm fn norrmf full to weeping; 'And my heart grows ; Harold put the money, he had into a com. going on and she was unaccustomed to any ' Each star to me is a sealed book, excitement of this nature, away from her miqjlnn rHmrsi? with . fwn nthpr vnnnor man Some tale of that loved one keeping. mother,and her husband in the midst.of danger on Main Street,, and he had every hope of .We parted in silence, we parted in tears, as it seemed te her, no wonder, if her whole success in the enterprise. Hepsie had many On the banks of that lonely river; e nervous system was shaken to its center. misgivings and presentiments, she ha(i no idea But the odor ftud bloom of those years what kind of young men they were except that There wa3 one good sister, who sonetimes Shall hang found its waters forever.'' comforted her with words of faith and hope,' Harold never mentioned them or wanted her The last words of the song died away upon and whenever Harold could come home for a to. see them. But she was now really ill, jhey his lips, the voice was scarcely audible, aud few minutes she felt near the river bank and Hensie bean to Hepsie never --lived I ii it n i cu mo re- man nave me ague w'xr:i"i... ever 1 n creased forgot1 thetirae the Nauvoo ;Expositorwar home not I to have sung their troubles and embarrassments. Hepsie, go . ought destroyed; and the feeling that prevailed They among i '. ' ' ' me the wun sad were oongeu 10 nave nejp in the. t house mat fcoug, it, iuways impresses people. and week after week the poor little wife seemed forebodings, but then I never yield to superi frrAHT tf oalror noloi" orrl mrwn 1a11. stitions of any kind, we shall never be parted, The " v ly Saints, and uj speak of it in its effect scarcely knew when Harold came or went. He ucci; j. jucuc in) for time and" all eteruitv- - You know I never upon Hep3ie. The depression of spirits she was affectionate, tender and gentle, he used to loved before, and it was love at first sight suffered about tht3 time was almost beyond lift her up in his strong arms, and treat her with me, and you know too. thut I have never she as one would a child. Meantime "messages wa3 ill in body, and mind, endurance, felt so sure 'of your love, never could quite and yet her faih increased. She could not came, from Laharpe begging them to deave " too; fathom:, li,",A ''That's becau-e-itNauvoo and come there, but even had Harold butyfeej..:';tfiai'ta"special "providence was over deep And Harold wished to go, Hepsie was too ill to be moved. girls are taught to hide their her; she, saw very little of Harold, but be to realized undemonstrative." "Hepsie you he was in the performance of what-hJove, Letters came occasionally from New .Engare evad ve you do hot say to me frankly, thought duty, and if she was not reconciled land. LllTA' RoVtUilH' P'l(TOfriniiTlf TTQn on. 'Harold! Joyeyo nc ws of her marriage rtgeuily a trHarold ryacT Tor wor ve f Mrs. Harvey had things packed up to move to a good young mau, a member of the Church, who had come up from New Haven to B. on given up 'ail else as you say for you, and you away,, but halted between going and staying, i , i i V i u. have." I in are air "Is it not enourh? Does woml ering wh ichmost4a nge r wa3 i kedvztoz: zxrucujxs:, ;v 1 1 n U HI SS iu iaucum "not every wife leave iier home andl'riends-f- or uo invoiveu. one " s mother wrote Reynolds. Hepsie that she upuraiuea iiepbie uaily,tfcil-her husband?"uThen you do not think I iog her Harold would not be so headstrong in had been obliged to put off coming to Nauvoo have made a sacrifice Harold?"' "Well in Jlormonism if it were not for her, and Hepsie in the fall as she had .expected, on account-o- f one sense yes! But Hepsie there will be other when she felt her. loneliness most deeply was some technicality in' the law that had been opportunities for you, and 1 greater loues . than rather proud of Harold's nobility in maintainoverlooked regarding the sale of the property. I Tv"rrriT rr a rv rl vnilU.Vm Id- h Vf ll A1 m ing hi3"place ramong the y6ulig"merjT6Te Hepsie grieved for her mother, it was a great inMormonkru field wide a for village, opens ready to brave anyt. danger in case of emerdisappointment, but she was patient and hope--fu- l tellectual atUturents, only "we have, fallen gency. ' through all, looking back upon it afterT i wards she often marveled that she survived so upm irouoious times just nov.- linust stand Joseph's going to Carthage to deliver him" guard again to night aud you will bo alone up self up with the others who were accused many nervous shocks is but heart stair?, my always with you." . spread dismay and consternation through the One beautiful Sabbath morning a son was ofwere almost wild, Nauvoo, City born in that lowly home, such a wee little much was said of their and hundreds though yes, thousands would eladlv have present i if i ill mTniiiu tv bu.AAw.' iLii vvv ' ill fiJ liuixu future life; after their return home, and sup- - gone in his stead; .iL-ii- s out nye and oye she reaJized that the mnrhH ner.av.p,r ilarnm when the dreadful new3 of the massacre came crisis was whiehhtr bad been'jookirig and she was lefuilone, She ever remembered it wasas if a thunderbolt had fallen in the forward too,past, she was al and in flffpr vppw flio thai nifrhf: ntul - numnM midst of the City, and a dark cloud v IU J J J j nd like she was still iivinr and Harold.was there: hung j , . n f ' ,5 a sablepall over all, that none seemed able to promises made would flash before her vivid JiilI!?.e,Qniyjaca siiaxecognized:among3tthem:" 4hat-whickr imagination, waking . thoughtsof ebeantiftilz an, strangers were: around . her bed, and-sh- e smlla.-l n nri hor - tears as it werer midit hlVfli hnpn, mourning anddanientation on knew Bv. the ; : .1 , it was not so. youthful days, but every, haud. Those who were th:ere can never sympathy, that she had been down almost . j we are not giving a history, only giving forget the dreadful scenes, and it is impossible in(r. 11 . 1 .1 t it bJJO me ui r niaaow death. .oi some incidents in the life of Hephzibah, and to describe the occurrences so as to B a had ' soft . . convey brown . . . t a! hair and such .1. xl.:. aw mis uiue sjuo sureiv irouuieu. it xetner definite idea of the'tragedy, to those who view lovely eyes, but wavy he was sick too. and she faith grew stronger every day in the Prophet it from a distance in a pen picture. worried about him, and triedVerv hard to heln The people were advised to. be calm, to keep joaepu oinim anu nis uiviue mission and with him, nut it was Harold's too seemed firmer, .but his mother the peace and trust to the law to very little she their could do, she thought more about avenge her mother Was nor a bitter apostate; and day and night wrongs, and thefe W83 less excitement than now but it was all of no murmureii .against .the prophet and those there was agonizing sorrow. Bowed down avail, she realized in with iv wnat it to be "a strangeT,and meant who associated with, hirnr and repeated -- all the grief at the cruel martyrdom Tof their prophet yet iumt,. friends were kind, fihn nmoA KoKo evil reports and calumnies that were afloat. and patriarch the Saints awaited the return of and she Since Hepsie came to Nauvoo she had been the Apostles who were away from home at the was not enjoyed having him with her, but it long, for on another InWW Ranth to visU someiLTthe eompacy who-ha- d V I left the ti me with - anxious -- ex pectaucy. The Dn Jy Tnorning hve weeks from the village of B. in 1842 and anions others the dap ho was born Apostle there except John Taylor,, who lay I .. t u i aceiuny. away from earth, and young peupie wno nad married ratlier hastily I Wounded and helpless was Willard Ilichards uioe wno loved him so devoted lyT"- -cent appearance mounted on his white horse, " " giving orders to the men. And 0 they chatted until the evening shades began to gather and they were about to turn -- " how-eve- - . ' 1 1 rrr-trr-- -- -- -- g ; ' w C- ot . .. ; by-gon- e - - d. " . . t ; factsnhiMente on-io-u- - we-on- uy, " . vs s e hl'i'"B wtrmEY hisjejishM pim .' 1 . 1 - . 1 1 1 1 . - ; ; the-peopl- e lftffA-h!-vitfv'(Trtrt- iiiiii-iiitn.i- ri tmourn rf ; -- - - w . w a vs V. X - f -- A 1 1 . -- h- '. hnd-firttiii- A -- a . lit 1 : . haF . 1 " . . - 