WOMAN'S Gates, I. inda H. JL. Greene Richards and Ruth Moench. Mrs. Richards poem appears in this number, the others' will be given in a later number. President Jane S. Richards in a few appropriate remarks expressed her feelings at the honor shown and spoke of her great love for the Relief Society work in which she delighted and urged the younger sisters to become acquainted with the labors of the Visters who were 'now actively engaged in the organization. During the evening souvenir cards with a very small. picture of Mrs. Young and Mrs. Richards were given each guest. The cards Were lieu Willi Willie inmuu uuu tumaiucu a motto suited to the work in which they have spent so many years. Sister Zina's motto is'; Charity never faileth," Sister Richard's, "lie that giveth to the joor lerideth to the : " I.ord." At the close of the ftnpromptu exercises, for no program liau- been prepared beforehand by the committee, the audience stand-insang "Praise God from whom all blessings flow,' and Patriarch John Smith the benediction. The spirit of the gathering was- heavenly and the party was certainly one to le reThe membered by all who were present. committee of the General Board of the Relief Society feel grateful to all, who by their presence and their generous words of appreciation and blessing upon these noble and devoted mothers in Israel, added to the success ol the entertainment, and especially express their .thanks for the hospitality of Brother and Sister F. S. Richards who so generously gave their home and heartily welcomed the invited' guests. The General Board only regretted that so monv nlitit tlint had been invited. and that, it was not possible to entertain all the dearly ' beloved friends, associates and - "' pio-nounc- cd - u-pr- p of Sisters Young and Rich- ards, who have given so many years of faithful service for the advancement oi women in all that pertains to a higher life--here and an exaltation hereafter. fellow-laborer- s was nearly, time to take leave of their genird friend and sister. The Exi'ONKN'T "adds its best wishes. A long life, happiness and prosperity for Sister Stevenson and many more happy birthdays with old friends and new ones, to cheer and gladden her heart. and original in his response to the toas Miss Reynolds ,rUtah and Her. People." gave a literary dissertation, and Prof. Brim-hal- l soared high, but that is to be expected 'of professors, There weie also others, too, who acquitted themselves well, and the feast was a great social success. YOUNG LADIES' BAZAR. EDITORIAL NOTES. . . -- EXPONENT. - The conference of the Relief Society The young ladies of the Fourth Ward, place for and ward entertainments, and they have made many articles useful and parts of the Stake. ornamental, the workmanship of .their own in all of the .Relief Society hands, that are very creditable and make a branches throughout the Stakes of Xion ana good showing and sell well. They also its missions are reminded that the 17th ot have home made candy and good lemonade March is near at hand, and that 'the animal for sale. The Bazar is inS. S. Jones' store, on the anniversary of the organizaa commodious place, and the large room is .meeting tion, March 17th, 1S4?, is to .be observed lined on both .sides all the way down the ten cent fund of memberwith booths, prettily draped and as usual, and But as the 17th' of March collected. curtained in colors, and strikingly pretty ship this year is on the Sabbath J day, it will girls in quaint costumes have charge of probably be "kept either on Saturday or .Monsome of the booths, while others, where most convenient for each day, asjuay'-bemore substantial articles are sold, are preto circumsided over by young matrons, who seemed respective society, accordingstances. ... to be quite as attractive to customers, in the way of ple3sing'y caversatioirr. as the The first Parliament of the reign of King Edward VII. was opened Valentine Day, 'younger sisterhood. The undertaking is a very commendable February 14, 1901,- by the king in person. one. Each evening they have a change of He was accompanied by Queen Alexandra, program up stairs in the hall to entertain the Duke of Conuaught and otlum ember sol On the the royal family. the public, at ten cents a piece. The gorgeous State to which Governor the coach was used ly the king and queen" in Tuesday evening and others from Salt Lake had been especidriving froiu Buckingham, palace to Westally invited, a fine musical program was in minister where the ceremonies took place. the hands of Prof. Anthon H.Ltiud, Jr., The chariot was drawn- by eight famous ill Tl'( ... and consisted of choice selections, from rroii"n .l.uuivv'iuiwu liftrcf'O with nnshllOlW j great composers, as well as a few simple and gold liveries, and footmen leading the ballads winch always add to the enjoyhorses. The. chariot was preceded and followed by life guards in full uniform with ment ofthe audience, filling the gap between the exalted tones of the higher and silver breastplates and helmets, in hisand the classical a of more small escort gentlemen-at-armmusic, coining down, so to speak, of the audience, who-- cannot toric costumes immediately surrounded Uie keep up the enthusiasm consequent royal coach. The crowd was immense and the roarsniid shouts of'the multitude is said upon the intenseness of the Thus the king, to have been deafening. music of the great masters. ProL Lund and his coterie of singers and. who has always been considered a liberal, makes his first public appearance 71 ft eY taking musicians did themselves- proud on the occasion, and indeed when it came to the the formal oath of His Majesty s office. The speaking, one could not find fitting words king wore a field marshal chapeau when he read Jii,s ..speech, which was not a to express the delight such, music had inthe hearts of the assembly. document, but dealt with special subjects, spired in Weils-wain a happv mood and War with South Africa, Capture of Pekin, Governor. never fails to make a good impression, and Australian Commonwealth,- Rehelliou in his aunt, who accompanied him, made a few Ashanti, Drouth in India, Estimates to be brief remarks, touching upon the future Submitted, the Military Force and the Irish The whole world will Land Question. destiny of the young people of Utah. The' hall was crowded to overflowing and look anxiously for the future course of this Indeed6 it is to be it is ardently hoped a good sum of new king and emperor. money was realized, for the program was expected that having such an admirable mother he will be moderate in his career worth it. and wise in statesmanship. Then came the banquet to which Governor Wei's and other dignitaries sat do,wn The Legislature visijed Provo in a body and feasted. Mrs Susa Young Gates was toastmistress, and her gift in this line is as is their duty, it being a State well known. She shines brilliantly in this Asylum, Dr. and Mrs. Institute. Hardy, who are in sort of role, had made elaborate preparations The banquet was a sumptuous affair and charge, and about three hundred guests were seated tie table decorations, roues and ferns, were at the four long tables in the chapel, which both beautiful and fragrant. Mayor Taylor was liaudsoniely decorated, with stars and in girls the Young blessing. pronounced with buntingand potted faces, waited stripes andfestooned with smiling costumes, pretty was a festive palms on 'the platform, where the band. It numerous the guests. upon played delightful music during the dinner. were gathering. Many of the toasts briefly for the needs of the to in the wittiest manner,; and a little Dr, Hardy .spoke institution and" the Governor followed in, his toastmisthe between delightful sparring and happy syle.-- - President of the original the to zest the of one ladies, gave tress and telling speech. Senate,' Evans, made ' occasion. Chairman of the House of Mr, Glassman, brilliantas usual, The Governor was, a suitable- help-buil- The-sister- s the-buildin- -- ' -- - . - i ' v red-plume- d s soul-inspirin- g - , A HAPPY BIRTHDAY PARTY. -- Mrs. Elizabeth J. Stevenson invited a few friends to her new residence on Friday, February 8, to celebrate her birthday, though tie party was really given in honor of Sister Zina and the General Board of the Relief Society of which she .is a member. Congratulations and hearty good wishes were showered upon Sister Stevenson and her pretty home was radiant with glowing coal fires in the bright new grates, arid though the day was not so pleasant without, rather blustering, yet within, was a beautiful spirit of peace and love and good- will. - ,A "sumptuous dinuerhad been prepared and the table was handsomely decorated Covers were w7ith carnations and roses. laid for fourteen and a happy party jt was indeed who sat down to partake of the good things. Sisters Zina D. H. YoungJaue S. Richards, Bathsheba W. Smith, Emmehne B. Wells, Julia C. Howe, Emma S. Wood- fariaW. Wilcox. Romania B. Pratt, Maria Y. Dougall, Julina L. Smith. Emily SRichafds, Julia P. 31. Farnsworth, Annie ruff, T. Hyde and the hostess herself. the Sisterina asked the blessing upon feast.Conversation was, general and enlivening and the time passed so swiftlyjhat the lad:es could scarcely believe tbey had chatlingered so long otfer the dinner tableuntil it ting and complimenting the hostess, - '.of the Salt Lake Stake of Ziou will be held in the 14th Ward Hall in this city, Saturday, March 2, 1901. It is desiied by the officers that there be a, good attendance troin all Provo, having in mind the need of a' Social Hall, opened a Bazar, hoping to raise means to mtisieales . . . ' ' I ! re-spon- ed I ! ' 