WOMAN'S IvXPONKNT. BACKWARD GLI.UJ'SES V, it t At for Sisters Zina m :.y , AND FORWARD' , ). if. J..'; .. v MIMA; an, I aue SpiYit-world- January .?, where life ami works begin. ,- A FRIENDLY LETTER.. re, Colorado, Dec. MAKI.KK. , more. ' " - last meeting of the Press Club of 1900. l dues. . like the play of Hamlet with Hamlet left out, 1 know you are there. I visited in Denver for about six weeks after leaving Salt Lake, then I came up to visit a friend who Hves eighty miles from the railroad, we were cut off from alt The sociability, only within ourselves. wild natural beauty and the spicy breath of pine woods and mountains always suggest to me "The Funeral of Moses," where it says: - . ! Svlf-s.tm- !'..--- e ! .; Vi-- . '.. -- "The dark rocked pines with tossing plumes, -- his bier shall wave, And God's own hand in that lonely land. To lay him in his ;srnivc." Ovt--r vejay-eigh- A"1. Friendship induced me to come to this romantic spot, and whetr physical endurance is no longer able, to stand the butterfly existence of city life, this is a beau ideal habitation for the "Rest for the Weary." I would that I had the gift to describe the beautiful sunsets, the elevatiou is. 8,500 feet, and if an artist could transfer the beautiful scenes to" canvas, all of the gorgeous tints which are intermingling in the glowing colors of nature, his fame and for tune would be made. The house is picturesque, targe and Situated aloft on roomy, built of logs. 1 - -- .T ! ! ! . it-i- What strides have been made in all directions, in .science,- particularly, what ' igreat discoveries have been made. What desolated the land.- - But mighty wars-havOol rules over all, and from the ashes of battle arises a better state of feeling, a nearer fellowship, a drawing together of nations. In no department do we observe a .greater change than in the religious world. Such an intolerant spirit as was manifest between the different sects and denominations of forms of religion within my remembrance. The Master's leaven of Love is working as we come to know Him better, to have His spirit We pervade our hearts. see less faults and more ta admire in those people of other faiths, different from ours. And I believe the good work will go on, slowly but surely, until Christ's kingdom suall be eatablished in' every' land. But, ah, the wickedness that still exists, and greatest of all is caused bv the liquor traffic! ;What an awful. curse" it is, what , e , and derad jaith- were not strong in the final triumph i ;gooa over .evil, I should be in despair; but theworld moves I ' and I hope and trust towards the right. Thegrowth be .nrnst God goes forward' ever, upward. even amidst, our tears and fears, and He will misery - , --- Prevail. . ' - - .fhis century will bring about Ranges, it must be for the better'.-T- great' bad he ?ust die, forever ! the good lives on forever, ah, yes, ' " . the very summit of a mountain range, yet nestling in the shelter of heights, sweeping into circles around it. The ranch of 1,100 acres is watered by the purest and coldest of running streams, the atmosphere clear and bracing, the little me pine draiues or gulches arouud themput ' ! THOUGHTS ON THE CLOSING CENTURY. ', ' - ' ' ' - send them' to you, not knowing 1 who the new officers are, and as..the Press Club without "Mrs. K. II. Wells would be - . , I. do not want the sun of the new century to shine upon me knowing thai 1 owe club Voting and noble and happv and beautith;n.k they wept, because they l.ikelv knew ful, Oh, yes, divinely beautiful! The Th.it years must pass if only two, loveliness of Her soul was portrayed in her K:v lane sk.ould follow; bsit they said, "Ah. well! countenance. Pure and good is the angels "Ti leather's plan, and iee will 'not rebel." in heaven. An. they parted; Znn came to earth, ISut disease is stern and pitiless, and in A t: iv, struggling infant at its birth, all his hideousncss he siezed upcm our dear, as a deep sleep had enrvrapt her mind, ': one. Srience ahTl skill were of no avail; sit had torg'otteil all she k ft behind. vire enough in two years, to a day, fervent prayers were not heeded. Slowly e at:K f"l!uwin;; in re wav she faded, patient and faithful to the last. The final spark of life died out,1 and there :;i:!g all.' and sti uw;lin:; ;low for breatii, S a:' e "nearer t'mto life than unto death; she lay, in her marble beauty, a faint smile '"!'!! i' live, and help the marvelous plan still lingering on her face dead. u: life eternal unto fallen man. niee those spirits found to earth the way, A;i God had. called her spirit to another v ; and Kighlv years today. t sphere, and with great effort we whispered, As in two different towns their births were cast, done." ' "Thy will Tiiey met not until their childhood years had passed, She was buried in the little churchyard. IV:.'. when the Gospel in each found place, hart Only a tiny mound dedicated to God and A".dd:vw the two together face to face, laden with nature's sweetest flowers, that r ;v must Jiavc been a tender, nrJUfal thrill which o; :c;..nitio:i, connects them still. is'all; and yet a home has lost its brightest hope, its dearest comfort, its sweetest joy. all the way, for sixty years or more. A village has lost its ministering angel. ' They've worked together, as they did before I:i .hat iir.st life; they stand as there. The world has lost a queen,'' and in heaven they stood, T .. faithful sifters, loving, true anil good. a priestess is welcomed. One may precede the 'other onward; then. 'As- whe.n She came to earth like a bright sunbeam, they .parted lirst. they'll weep again. shedding rays of .love and hope on all who ho forward, Seventy-eigh- t and Eighty years; came within her radius. Her influence, What rapturous scenes of glory there appears unlike the sunbeam's, was so luminous I i .and jane their birthday celebrate, What noble mansions, and the thrones how that its light will never cease, but will great -and and Prophets Kings account hery (Jueens and warmer day by day; and stops; live on in the hearts of some, as stars of hope its time. ' The curtain drops J'li write leading them on to nobler, better deeds, L. L: Gkki.m: Rkhakio. r.o:-;a- . I write so you will get this in time for the ' - 20,-1900- 'My Dear Mts. Wells: Was her earthly, mission finishe!? God knows best He who is infinite, He who is wise has -- igaiif received His beautiful flower, His bright jewel nnd now we sliall see sweet Mima's face and form no ! hundred years ago, there stood, sister spirits, gentle, fair and good. yjuii and Jane together worked and walked, .nd o.'ien of their wondrous future talked. o;,,. Zina said, "i'ni called and mnvjnust go L 'j',. :v embodied on that earth below I" 'et a ' UvI.L.V 'imcs. in thought, we seem to look within 'i': S3 pine-covered- ., through time and through eternity.' Her 'book of life is written. Not one page is stained with a dark or fearful deed. Kvery chapter contajns some beautiful thought, some high desire, some encouragin mind of "The Deserted Trail." ing whs per or some worthy deed. To know her was to love her. To be in her presence was an incentive" to seek a. nobler, better way of living. She carried hope Her sweet, musical voice comwith her. forted you always; her low, gentle words cheered all who heard them; her bright smile C'tst fears and worries aside, her gentle touch banished pain, A sad chord is And now she is gone touched in the hearts of all who knew herr There is a tremor of the lips of those who When she is mentioned speak her name. it is in a low, gentle voice, as if her life were too sacred to' be discussed. And unconsciously one lingers lovingly upon that "' sweet name, "Mjma." v "When we kneel in sacred prayer, we implore-the Father to- heal the bleeding hearts of her loved ones. When we think of her, a sweet calm enters pur souls. We, lisp her name and the gentle zephyrs, kissed by the perfumed, roses, steal through the nioonlit window, catch tfie whisper ancf it is vibrated through' the house; borne away to the gurgling brooks, carried through g;ras'sx dells and leafy trees, mid thence to the1 mighty ocean,' and then on ,and onJ to the realms above; and as the echoes are dying away in the distance, "we hear the faint murmur, ''Mima, sweet ' Mima." vV Were we all more like Mima, how Diessea tne ona wpuia De I ! - ' "And half way up there stands all slim and white, A grove of quakiug asps," And often there when morn the mountain clasps, I've 'stood in mute delight Iktwixt each silvery stem you catch a glance At ranges far and blue," And one great peak that leaps so straight and true, lance. A mighty Within that grove in August late I' ve found, A thousand columbines Flaunting their purple heads so fair and fine, , Carpeting all the ground. Amid the city's rush and smothered wail, I see that mountain shine, The- quaking aspens and . The old deserted trail." j This describes those little gulches so much bettei than I could. I have a gallery of brain pictures stowed away, but my pen ' is not equal to the occasion. I want to get back to Utah by the first of ice-tipp- ed ' - . - -- the year, but my home for most of 1 901 "will I .shall endeavor to be in Price, Utah. enkeep in touch with the Press Club, as I joy it so much.. Remember me toall ! friends. - - Sincerely yours, . Luella M. It is said Rhodes. that no funeral in England ever called out such a demonstration of respect and regret aS' 'that of Queen Victoria, and that the only one in modern times which came near it was the funemVf tke Pvte of , Wellington, ; ; . . - ; . 