WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 76. I .Woman's- Exponent, - EM ME USE It. WELLS, Eiitor and I'ubluhtr Since Tanuary 1st of this year, .1901, time has t rtrii busy with its record ci notable members, to get the but it us':;V appoint a woman chaplain, ' V ot the successful. The inauguration . happenings i jic electing 01 a 1. nited fctatLC.V Governor 'of Utah and tne Mate omciais should be' mentioned hist perhaps although .has occupied the attention the demonstrations were unostentatious, it public, 'as naturally it should and a most important was sort of military, BngaUier uenenu jann that matter Q Cannon, of the National Guard cf Utah, finally,' after voting for this and that w'.'h. date, the Republican members of having charge of the affair. ift the in joint session, on YcI::e-- : tv took place The official proceedings Hall of Representatives, in the City ;md at high roou, January 23,' elecedt Hon. being Thomas .Kearns 'United States Senator for' County Building, the platform appropriately and artistically .draped with Utah, with the entire vote of the Hou. of and Senate, thirty-seven- , in all. 'Tl;c flags and banners, the Declaration Independence, handsomely lramed, hunting, 'Democrats, true to their "party, 'ho:iT,rc.j on the wall at the back and over the heads A. W. McCunc by casting the whole mmi-heof their votes for him. A .committee of the judges and officers of the' State, music. martial of two was appointed from both the, Senate field's Band discoursed s. of Ceremonie and the House to conduct the Governor General Cannon was Master Prayer was offered by the Right Reverend and one of the Supreme Court 'Judges to.' Bishop Scanlan, of .the Catholic Church 0! Senator Reams, and present him to the Chief Justice Miner, of the joint assembly. this city. While awaiting the arrival of Senator Supreme Court of .Utah, administered the Smout reminded oath of office in the tormal manner to the Keanis, Senator that they had been ntifed of State officeiS, except the Governor, who s; audre-the death of the greatest sovereign the then proceeded to give his inaugural and after the conclusion of the addess, world had ever known, and thought it which was a very ale document, and when proper for the Legislature to adjourn in the applause had subsided, the Chit f. Justice honor of .Oueeti Victoria, and offered administered the oath to the Governor, and Resolutions of sympathy.. At 1:25 the Governor came into' the hall General Cannon announced the Governor of Utah and give the signal for a salute of and introduced Senator Kearns, whobricilv The cannon boomed just addressed the. Members of the Legislature seventeen guns. at the hour of twelve and the band followed and Friends. with "America," the audience rising, in re"Xo man could receive so high in honor sponse to the national air, 'and the great and as that you have just conferred upon 'me grand ceremonies of State were over. without feeling a deep sense of gratitud.-Congratulations and handshaking fol- To say that I thank you from the h.)tto::i lowed. The day was' very stormy but all heart but feebly expresses 'my feeBetter lings at this time. I am no orattjr. I ar.i passed off pleasantly nevertheless. storms without than storms .within, and one but a plain, blunt man,, and what I lack hi I cannot help feeling it a good omen to open oratory I hone to make up in action. so as a new century auspiciously promise vou now that so far as lies in mv m omcers new us 01 Utan uas oy usnermg power i snail uo everything possible to all State with such general good feeling by maintain the honor and integrity of our in the beloved State, and my hig' est .ambition political parties and people concerned ' its welfare. will be gratified if I can advance Uts.h's made for material interests and place her in the Elaborate preparations an inaugural ball to finish the day's exerforefront" of western States. Again I thank Theatre . had bieu yoti." cises, and the Salt Lake decorated profusely with flags, banners, The Governor said in part: colored electric bunting and "I liaye known Mr . Kearns for many lights; an immense bee hive, the State emblem conyears and found him to be an example ot women j j ' i '. i of-th- j e j i''rrii:n.ionthly;'. in SjlU Lake City, Uuh. Terms: one copy on! year, .i.oo; one copy six months, 50 civ No rrdt.cf.on mad for clubs. City pjers deliv ered, by mail, extra fur ptage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: K tch fquare, ten lines of nonparie ace one t;me 2.50; month, J3.00. A I.Lerai d:- advrrttsrrs. count to -r j- , re-ul- .ir Kxi'ONKNT offic Room ao3 Templeton, South Temple Street: BusiniS hoars from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every rhy. except Sunday. Addrcis all buvr.rhj cornmunicat.ons tc j to-h- r Mrs. K. I ). WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah, Enter eJ at the lost Ofue in Salt Lake Ctty, Ltjh, a t . conJ-cl.u- i mailer . Salt Lark City, Utah, Jan. SOME HAPPENINGS OF 15, 4 Feu. i, 1901. THE NEW YEAR. -- President George Q. Cannon's visit to the Sandwich Islands to attend the celebration of the advent of the Gospel into that farofTland, was an event of consider able significance, and as President Cannon was one of that company of Elders, though then a very young man, who hrst took the Gospel to that people fifty years ago, it did seem a fitting tribute to him, that he should be present. and give them the opportunity to hear him speak in the language he learned at that time, and it must have been a great satisfaction to them to see and hear him. Those who 4have read the account of his trip in the Dcserct Evening Nczcs know how delighted the native people--were- , and ' especially the descendants of those' who re ceived the Elders into their homes at that timejo have him among them now that he has attained to such a high position in. the Church and in the nation. It was very affecting even to read of the ovation paid him, and must have been a most pathetic scene to witness. one very forcibly of Longfellow's salutation to Ins college fifty years after, when the class in : .m.: i) .ai i: cuiiegc us uuwuum tucutdtcu nial. The poem is one of the most beautiful ' in the English language. spicuously placed in the centre of the first circle, opposite to the platform, added much Alas, what have I said ? What greetings come there from the voiceless dead ? to the attractive features. hat salutation, welcome or reply ? Many mottoes were arranged in the colors What pressure from the hands that lifeless lie ? of lights and were very handsome, as well They are no .longer here'; they all are gone as significant. The baU was given by "the Into the land of shadows all save one, Honor and reverence, and the good repute" National Guard of Utah in': honor ,of the as its fruit, That follows faithful sen-icGovernor, Heber 'M. Wells and the State Be unto him. whom living we salute. officers of Utah." It was a superb affair, The great Iialian poet, when he made and most enjoyable. Printed programs, His dreadful journey to tho realms of shade " -on the cover the bee hive and monogram of Met there the old instructor of his youth the N. G. U. in blue and gold, encircled by And said in tones of pity and of ruth: the sego lily (the State flower) and below the "O never from the memory of my heart Your dear, paternal image shall depart, words "Inaugural Ball," with arrows Who while on earth, ere yet by death surprised. crossed underneath and finished with the Taught me how mortals are immortalized. figures, 90 1. Today .wj? make the poet's words our own, The Governor's staff and officers of the And'utter them in plaintive undertone; National Guard were in uniform, whichNor to the living only be they said, added greatly to the attractions- of the But to that other living called the dead, Whose dear paternal images appear scene on the floor, of course, .the Not wrapped in gloom but robed in sunshine here; Governor himself although, was the great attraction Whose simple lives complete and without flaw, not even the. brilliant ladies in their elabor Were part and parcel of great Nature's law, ate Who said not to their Lord, as if afraid toilettes, outshining him on this "festive ''Here is thy talent in a napkin laid," occasion. But labored in their sphere, as men who live In the delight that work alone can give. The Legislature of 'the State of Utah con Peace be to them, eternal peacernd restr vened 011 Monday, Tamiarv i a. and hnvo And the fulfillment of the greaf behest; "Ye have been faithful over a few things' been, in regular session since that time. Over ten cities shall ye reign as kings," An ettort was made, as there were no Semi-Centen-ni- al i a ; r of-m- had-bee- It-remi- ia acnn-cciue- n- ' e 1 . - - ' " 1 1 1 f 1. 1 r r 1 t . 1 rt. il He has risen from the ;...-..'- i .1 . T 1 . .11 r , 1 executive alnlity; pick and drill, from what might be eidled the. bucket brigade, to his present high commercial standing by his own efforts. I have no f;ar as to the results of his election as Senator. I do not fear tint' that there will be blood on the moon or that the earth will stop revolving on it axis. He mav not be long on oratory, but he will make up for this-lacin his other sterling qualities, and I have no doubt &vill prove a credit to. our State." Justice Miner of" the. Supreme Court tjien said a few words on the choice of the new Senator. He said that he believed iu'tlie selection that had been made we would have for Senator a business man of sterling quality." and a man 'of character who would reflect honor on the State- k " . Irs. Evangeline Heartz, member o. .the Colorado House of Representatives, has been made chairman of the committee on enrollment and a member of the com-- , mittee on appropriations and expenditures, education, State institutions, temperance nnn rrnh tn hoi fh ' , 