Woman s Exponent 9 73 Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1901. Vol. 30 CONTENTS President Lorenzo Snow's Last Sermon 41 42 43 47 47 48 ijooa woman uone jane K. Cox Testimonial Alice Solomon Obituaries A Biography Jane Price Roberts Walks Around Canterbury. . Lydia D. Alder Editorial Official Announcements 44 In Memoriam 44 D. R. Columbus Day 46 A Delightful Reception 46 A Very Pretty Kensington 47 A Pleasant Gathering 47 j Deseret Evening News on Monday, Octobei 7, were as follows: I marvel that I have ventured out today; but I have something to say to you, and I trust that I may have sufficient strength of voice, and time enough to say it. And I hope you will give me your faith and prayers that I may address you. I am delighted to hear that there has been such a good spirit in the Conference a spirit that has enabled the brethren to Poetry Aunt Zina's Jewels. . Ellis R. Shipp 41 speak of the glorious progress the Saints have made. The Saints have not been idle In Memory cf President Snow H. Woodmansee 41 Emily the past six months. They have dene An Evening Prayer. ..."...A. E. Wayland 43 during their duty to a great extent. They have exercised their faith in behalf of the brethren during this conference more than AUNT ZINA'S JEWELS. at the other conferences. They are Sisters, we have lost our Mother, And if they improving in this respect. Honored president and friend She who bade us love each other, continue to improve in this, the brethren at And the rights of Truth defend. the next conference will have still more of She who ne'er was known to falter. the Spirit by which to speak to them. In the days of sore distress, During the past day or two I have had a Placing all upon the altar, In the cause of Righteousness. distressing cold, rendering me hoarse; and I feared that I should be unable to be here Let us follow her example, But through the blessings of the at all. Place her jewels in each breast, Chastity, with impulse noble, Lord and your faith and prayers I am here. Valor, to endure each test. I want to say something to you about a Truth and trustfulness in Father, Hope, Humility and Love, subject tbrt deeply concerns the PriestBound in one bright chain together, hood you Presidents of Stakes, you Linking hearts with God above. Bishops of wards, you Elders, High Priests Ellis R. Shipp. and High Councilors. I wish you to remember what I say. It is of interest to IN MEMORY OF OUR LATE PRESIDENT, There are all the officers in the Church. in over LORENZO SNOW. Stakes Zion, presided by a fifty of counselors. and each In president Another President has passed from earth, of an is at there least Stakes these average And left a host of loving friends behind; '"A man of God" who prized Truth's wondrous eight wards, each having a Bishop at its worth. head. Now, this means a tremendous And sensed its import unto human kind. responsibility. These details of all these Like Apostolic men of olden times, organizations depend on the fifty presiPreachers of Righteousness unpraised, unpaid, There is something, therefore, for dents. He scattered light afar in many climes There is a great deal each of them to do. And many converts, by God's help he made, for them to accomplish. This responsibiliIn danger oft, upon the land and sea; ty is sacred and extensive. Though these A noble captive, doom'd for conscience sake, been have faithful, they have presidents Caged was his body, but his soul was free, as as faithful could been be as not they Such sterling Saints a heaven of hell can make be. not sensed to have They they ought Refined and sensitive and true as steel, as do. the5T should their responsibilities The sacred law of heaven was his delight; Church is now seventy-tw- o The years zeal his his or could shake faith, quench Nothing and him renounce to force the could old, during this period we have imright. Nothing We ought to be This is right. proved. From bondage freed, by God's o'erruling hand. we did in our than Snatched from the furnace, tried as purest gold, doing greater things is The Lord He filled the greatest role in all the land coming one of these youth. Wise guardian of. "The Master's" flock and is in what you officers interested days. He fold. are doing. You presidents of Stakes should attend to the affairs in your districts. Look Shall Zion's children Saints of latter-dayWho knew his purity of heart and mind after the interests of the people whom you Shall Zion's bards neglect to sound his praise, oversee as you would look after the interWhose peer, whose equal, we shall rarely find ? ests of your own family your own wives Full of good works, of ripe old age he died; You should think of and children. Not in a murderer's malice stricken down, and them night. When you go to rest day Yet by uncounted ordeals, sanctified. half an hour before you devote should you Lorenzo Snow has earned a martyr's crown. of in Woodmansee. sleep thinking their welfare. Try to Emily H. See find out where you can help them. wherein you can advise them in their PRESIDENT LORENZO SNOWS Ascertain spiritual and material affairs. LAST SERMON. much or too are whether they spending Salt can Lake in whether and Delivered at the Tabernacle too little, City, spend their they October 6, 1901. afternoon, Sunday Then, too, money to better advantage. after. looked be to have of the vast the Bishops congregation Addressing of them brethren and sisters, President Snow's Bishops, however wie and many This is remarks in substance as published in the are wise have to be cared for. A , ! s, No. 6 the duty, not of the Apostles, but of the presidents of Stakes. It is the duty of the High Priests, Elders, Teachers and Deacons to look after the interests of the Church in Zion. Do not lay this duty on the Apostles. They have too much already. They ought to look to these of which I have been speaking things at least. occasionally Now, the Lord has ordained a certain channel through which He is going to exalt His children, overcome wickedness and uplift righteousness. This channel is the Holy Priesthood His authority to men. And the Priesthood has various officers the duties of whom He has clearly shown. The special duty of the Seventies and the Apostles is to look after the world. The duty of the High Priests and Elders is to look after our home interests---- to build The time is up the waste places of Zion. coming when you cannot have the Twelve to depend upon when you will have to do these things yourselves. They "vill have other duties to perform. I want you to remember this. It is a tremendous responsibility this matter of the Priesthood. You presidents of Stakes, know how the Lord is obeyed in Know whether your district of country. the people keep the Sabbath day, whether they profane the name of Deity, whether they pay their tithes, use tobacco, build meeting houses and school houses know everything they do. God will help you in this; ior it is what he requires of you. But when you are depending on the Apostles to do these things ycfh are doing what you have no business to do. Let the High Council visit the wards with you, that they also may know what is the condition of Be lively in performing these the people. duties. God bless you all, brethren and sisters. I am glad to see such a vast multitude of I am delighted, as I said in the people. beginning, at the good spirit that has been poured out upon you. I thank you for exercising your faith and prayers in my behalf. When I got up here I did mt think I conld say half a dozen words. But I have been enabled to say what I had on Of course a great deal more my mind. might be said. It might be expanded and made much more of. There is another subject that I wish to speak of. 1 am getting along in years now, I years old. being nearly eighty-eigh- t have had only one counselor since President Cannon died. I have chosen another counselor. I have sought the guidance of the Lord in the matter, and the Lord has directed the choice. I have chosen a strong, energetic man, and I think he will be a great help to myself and President Smith; I hope, therefore, you will sustain him. God bless you all. Mrs. Lillian M. Stevens has just been time elected president for the twenty-fiftof the Maine Woman's Christian Temperance Union. h 