98 Woman's Exponent. EMMEL1NR li. WELLS, Editor, and Publisher. Published in Slt Lake" City, .Uuh. Terms: .one copy one year, Ji.oo; onr. copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for. clts. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one yar, 25 cts. semi-monthl- y; . 'Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonparie! space one time $2.50; per mbnth, $3.00. A.l.beral di-- c unt to regular advertisers. EXPONENT office Room 507 'lempleton. South Temple Strtet: Business hours from io a. in. to 5 p. m., every day, except junduy. Address all business communications tc Mrs. K. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah, Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Ltah, at econd-clas- alt s 15 & May 1,1901. IN MEMORIAM. attempt to do justice in words to so eminent a man and so true a Latter-daSaint as rresiaent oeorge y. Lannon; yet some expression we must give, some tribute we must pay to his memory and loving service for humanity and the people , of his own faith, so near and dear to him, and the cause for which he would willingly hae laid down his own life; how faithfully he served thousands can and do bear witness. A great and good man, a giant in intellectual endowments, a purenuinded and chaste man, though he was reviled and persecuted for his belief in Jhe principles which the world condemn.. President Cannon was one of nature's noblemen, refined, sensitive, tender and u giunu uul oitti, uin nuit 111c in one and could itself,, poem truthfully of as said of one of him, say Shakespeare his heroes: y "His life was gentle, and the elements So mixt in him, that nature miglvt stand up. And say to all thd world. This is a man." - - emerald zone. Luscious fruits and balmv odors, healing leaves ,nid ogling shade, sheddeth, by svveet storms Hither side the Life-tre- e of music swayed. thou (), grand and templed city, seenIn John in vision bright. ' (1 needing, neither, sun by day nor moon by night., Filled forever and forever by the shining light of Him Who redeemed the world and sitteth throned be. tween the seraphim. Through thy lovely gates the nations, of the world in triumph stream, Chanting praise alove all praises - love of love their holy theme. They no more shall thirst or hunger, they no more with heat shall faint; Christ for tears shall give them gladness,,blisful rest for sore complaint. "Blessed they who do His bidding." cries the angel, day and night, They, shall find abundant entranc- e- they shall, walk with Him in white '" , -- lory-floode- d, ... -- ' George , No doubt he inherited many of the sterling qualities of character, but he also cultivated those nobler traits and attributes of mind and heart, that lift a man above the elements' of human nature grosser To bringing him nearer to the divine. know President Cannon intimately was a sort of education in itself, and one could not but feel his power for good when in his presence.- Men of the' world with whom he Was associated in business matters and his colleagues in the Congress of the United States all realized and telt the great intellectual power .and "maganimmity of this wonderful man among men. He was one of the staunchest and truest friends, not only to, woman, but to woman's cause in the broad and liberal sense of emancipation and equal rights and privileges. But he hasgone from us to enter into a higher and holier state of 'existence. We shall see his face no more, nor hear his clear, penetrating, harmonious voice in our great public congregations and assemblies. Gone to join theinuumerable company-othe redeemed upon the other sidel and has doubtless met his loved ones there, the .wife of his youth, his little' children who were taken away so young, his sons grown to manhood, who passed away when life seemed bright, and full of promise; his mother whose death at sea was such a grie - tions fair, , Flashing from their jeweled splendor, every eoh.r soft and rare. by Twelve iii number are its gateways-number- ed the seer of old its streets H very gate a pearl most lustrous-a- mi s r. are paved with gold in whiteness, midst lightens the In the dazzling eternal throne; Hows the living water -- round it gleams an From-i, It would be utterly impossible even to to California and endured great priva ti rs and fu 1850 he was called with nine others where they landed December 12, 1850; meeting with much success, inositol tlie Ivlders decided to leave, but Brother Cannon declared he would stay and preach' to (he natives if he had to remain alone. Four missionaries stayed with him,', he learned the language' by, diligence s.tudy and the gift of God, in a marveltmy short time and was soon able to preach the Gospel to the natives in their own tongue. He translated the Hook oj Mormon''into the Hawaiian language and with his, brethren was so successful that when they left the islands in July, 1S55, there were more than four thousand members in the Churth in of-th- e To the ity set with jasier, having twelve founda. matter. Lake City, Utah, Aikil to him. in his ehMdhoo'!; his father who died at a much earlier age than himself, while sojourning in fct. Louis, ere he had reached Nauvoo. Beside these dear .ones he has met, we believe, Brigham Young, his "uncle, John Taylor, and Wilford in .Woodruff, all of whom he labored with the Gospel, and Joseph; the Prophet, whom he knew and revered as the great leader of this dispensation, and hosts of Saints and brethren whom he knew and who loved and reverenced him.. Much as we may long for his. presence, even his family who loved him most and best, they cannot call, him back, he has in gone to the city John the revelator saw ' vision. Quayle Cannon was born in Liverpool, Kngland, January n, 1827. His parents, George and Aim $uayle Cannon, were natives of Peel, on the Isle of Manf but came originally from of the borders Scotland. George Qyvas the eldest of seven children; his sisters, Mary Alice and Ann, and his pothers Augus M, and David A. also a younger sister, Leonora, and Kl'izabetlf; his father's second marriage, after his by mother's death, all survive him. He leaves a large family of his own, wives, children and grandchildren, to mourn his loss to them irreparable. President Cannon's life from his youth to the close was a busy one, filled with .work grand, noble and inspiring, no matter how hard the way seemed, he always saw the light shining in darkness, it was the brightness of his own happy, buoyant spirit, i In Nauvoo Brother Cannon worked in the printing office of the rimes and Sfasois and Naiwoo NeighbortXiw he learnedthe printing business. , He was In the household of Elder John Taylor, whose wife was his father's sister. Under his hands his-ancestor- s . half-siste- r, . George Q. was ordainedlin Klder. February 5,. 18.15, and the same day ordained a seventy. He traveled with the Saints in W inter Quarters, leaving, Nauvoo at the time of the exodus, and crossed the plains in 1847 with his Uncle Taylor's company arriving in the valley October 3, of that' In 1849 he was sent on a mission year. to California, May, 1855, and during that mission published the Western StauJa'nl and also the Hook of Monnon in Hawaiian, which he had previously translated: He returned by advice of President Young at tlie time of Johnston's army reaching this city, January, 1S58, and was appointed Adjutant General in the army of defence. He was soon after sent to Fillmore with the printing press and material of the kseitt Ne'ios, which 'he published there from April to September in 185S. On his wav home from Fillmore he was .11 tined to take a mission to the hastern States for which, after his arrival, he got He ready in three quarters of an hour. was away nearl two years laboring among editors and prominent members of Congress to corn et misrepresentations made against this people. He had charge of the branches of the Church in the Kast and acted as emigration agent in New York. On his rean Apostle, August turn he 26, 18C0. Six weeks after he was sent to luirope to take charge of the MMenial Star and the emigration business at Liverpool, where lie landed Uecemoer 21, iaoo, awn He established a Church printing office. remained there until May 14. 1S62', when he was called, to Washington, D. C, to' meet Captain Hooper, who had been ejected delegate to Congress. They endeavored to obtain the admission of the Territorv into the Union as a state at that time. was-ordaine- When Congress adjourned Brother Cannon returned to England, arriving July 21, 85 1, where he presided over the Kuropeaii 1 missionuntil 1864, visiting the branches of the Church in. Scandinavia, Germany, After his return Switzerland- and France. he became the private secretary of President Young for three years. In the winter of 1S64 and '65 lie organized and taught ' a Sunday School in the 14th ward of this city. Iii January", 1866, he commenced the publication of the Juvenile Instructor,, ...of which lie continued to be the editor to the time of his demise.. In the fall of 1867 he took charge of the Deserct Navs, which but on was then weekly and November 21st of that vear he issued the first number of the daily under the title of the Deseret Evening News, continuing fr severakvears editor and publisher though traveling much through .the settlements with the first Presidency and Apostles. In 87 he was sent to Washington, DC, with President George A. Smith, where he spent his time deiending the peopic Utah from the attacks of4 their enemies. After his, return; home he was elected a member of the Constitutional Convention " - ; . semi-weekl- y, - 1 1 . 