4" WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Ann M. Cannon, whom she designated one of our Utah girls, and who then gave the address of welcome in a most pleasing and Mrs. Grant, in her most natural way. EMMELLSE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. facetious style, (which reminded the writer of "Old Maid in the Corner") introduced in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published six Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy months, Mrs. Wells, whose subject was the "InterNo reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts national Council of Women." ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Mrs. Grant, in suitable and graceful dvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariel c announced the next on the program, liberal A one terms, time month, $3.00. $2.50; per space unt to regular advertisers. Mrs. Minnie J. Snow, whose subject was Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple "Music in Utah." Mrs. Snow gave, in her Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every brief paper, a very good idea of the success day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc and growth of this divine gift in our Mrs. E. B. WELLS, mountain home, mentioning by name our Salt Lake City, Utah. best and choicest singers and musicians, Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, at and dwelling upon the uplifting tendency second-clas- s matter. of the cultivation of this Heavenly Muse, that can more nearly awaken every emotion of the soul than any other power to Salt Lake City, Utah, August i, 1901. which mortals have attained. It reminded writer of the old poem by Wm. Collins, the MRS. SEWALL'S VISIT. which gives to music such emotional exThe visit of Mrs. May Wright Sewall to pression: Utah has been a very great pleasure to her "When music, heavenly maid, was young, old friends and we trust, to many who While yet in early Greece she sung. ' ' saw and heard her for the first time during Last came "Whistling," by Mrs. Le Roi htr brief sojourn in the state. On her arrival Friday afternoon, July 12, C. Snow, who possesses wonderful skill in she was met at the station by a committee imitating harmonious sounds of various in carriages and escorted to the kinds, accompanied by soft, sweet instruGardo House, where entertainment was to mental music, which was very taking and be given her by Mrs. A. W. McCune, and entirely out of the ordinary. Mrs. Sewall responded in a most comprethe ladies were invited in to give her friendfor address with tactfulness and elohensive a few welcome and minutes, greeting ly and express the joy they felt in having quence and quite won the hearts of the her come to Utah to see the homes and sur- audience, who were already prepossessed in roundings of the people who settled these her favor, for she has the magical power of attraction in a very wonderful degree. It vales. a was The same evening reception given is possibly one of the secrets of her being M. Cannon at Forest Dale, at able to overcome and triumph over every by Miss Ann the home and in the beautiful grounds of obstacle in the way of magnificent work her brother, Hon. George M. Cannon, Mrs. among women of all nations and countries. After the exercises were concluded the Sewall being the Guest of Honor. At this went up to the dancing hall, where met of the she peoparty many young gathering were and entertained with fine music by and of Salt Lake suburbs, City they ple President Joseph F. Smith, Apostle H. J. Christensen's celebrated band and fancy Grant, President Angus M. Cannon, Elder dancing by Miss Snow, (in costume) C. W. Penrose, editor of the Deseret Evening daughter of Lorenzo Snow Jr., which helped News and other distinguished men and to make variety and was very pretty. Mrs. many notable women of the Church. The Sewall, with a dozen or so of the party, grounds were prettily decorated and lighted took a bath and a swim in the Dead Sea of and refreshments were served on small America, which she and her companions tables under the trees to all the large com- richly enjoyed, as well as the delightful pany.. Indoors music both vocal and in- scene by moonlight upon the water and the strumental, as well as lively conversation ride home. was indulged in, and one or two appropriSunday afternoon Mrs. Sewall had the were recitations and the entire distinction of speaking to an immense conate given, affair was a perfect success in every way, gregation in the large Tabernacle in this thanks to" the tact and energy of Miss Cancity, and of seeing and hearing our famous non, to" whose generosity and kindliness Tabernacle choir and the celebrated organ. ner guests must all feel indebted for so hap- An abstract of Mrs. Sewall' s address on Sunday is published in this issue of the py an occasion. Saturday morning Mrs. Sewall attended paper. the organ recital accompanied by Mrs. Sunday evening Mrs.- Sewall spent at McCune and ' others, and listened to the the home of the writer and it is needless to famous Tabernacle organ played by Prof. add wre considered it a "red letter day" McLellan, who also explained to her all its a time we had both looked forward to for wonderful accoutrements and gave her its many years. history, all of which she very much enMonday morning Mrs. Sewall went out joyed. driving with President Angus M. Cannon, a afternoon had Lake then called upon President Snow and wife, Saturday party been planned, Mrs. Minnie J. Snow having with whom she had a pleasant interview, kindly tendered a car to convey the party and at 3 p. m. was the Guest of Honor at of ninety guests. There were some at an elegant reception given by Mrs. F. (as there nearly always are) and S. Richards and Mrs. Wm. Jennings, at The only fifty sat down to the banquet that had Mrs. Richards handsome residence. been prepared. After lunch the party re- house was superbly decorated for the receppaired to a private room in the pavilion tion of this queenly woman, and Mrs. Richwhere toasts and speeches were given. Mrs. ards and Mrs. Jennings received with Mrs. Augusta W, Grant had kindly consented to Sewall, about three hundred people were act as toastmaster of the occasion, and in a invited. About five o'clock Mrs. Sewall fev well chosen words first introduced Miss, gave a ten minutes, talk on the Inter Woman's Exponent semi-monthl- y, di-- of-ladi- . - 20 national Council, which was very interesting and instructive. In the evening Mrs. Sewall gave a lecture in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, her subject being "Current Tendencies in Education," which was very fine, the only regret being that so few availed themselves of this rare opportunity of hearing this celebrated woman of international fame. Tuesday morning Mrs. Sewall drove about the city to places of special interest and made some calls, went through Mrs. McCune's new residence, "The Bungalow," and called again at the Bee Hive. In the afternoon she spoke at a parlor meeting at Mrs. P. T. Farnsworth's elegant home, on the subject of Internationalism and the Internationa Council of Women. Mrs. Farnsworth's charming little daughters served punch and lemonade to the guests at the meeting. The same afternoon a tea party was given for her at the residence of Gen. and Mrs. John Q. Cannon at the Cannon Farm, formerly the residence of President George The guests were, besides the Q. Cannon. hostess (Mrs. Cannon) and the Guest of Honor, Mrs May Wright Sewall: Dr. Romania B. Pratt, Mrs. A. V. McCune, Mesdames Sarah Jane Cannon, Martha T. Cannon, Eliza T. Cannon and Carlie Y. Cannon, also Mrs. E. B Wells, Mrs. S. W. Sears and Mrs. Lewis M. Cannon. Later in the evening Mrs. Sewall was shown through the beautiful grounds and some of the residences of the family of President George Q. Cannon, and Gen. John Q. Cannon gave her a brief history of the planting, cultivating and beautifying of the grounds now so delightful and so much admired; how this spot near the banks of the Jordan had been converted from a slough of weeds and thistles, had been made habitable and beautified by the thrift, energy and perseverance of his father's efforts and determination. We took our leave of Mrs. Sewall that evening about eleven jo'clock. The following morning she took train for Provo in company with Miss Aggie Campbell and Miss Estella Neff. At Provo she was right royally entertained by the citizens en masse and was the special guest of Mr. and Mrs. Mrs. Sewall gave a lecJacob F. Gates. ture Wednesday afternoon in the Provo Tabernacle on "The Open Mind," and had, we understand, a large and appreciative audience. In the evening a banwas in her honor at the B. Y. quet given which was a Academy, pronounced success in every particular, so say the reporters. Mrs. Sewall's next stopping place was Topeka, where she would, no doubt be honored and feted and shown the. same marked attention that she has received everywhere in the West. May her visit be productive of the great good she so ardent-ldesires in the interest of fraternal y A HAPPY BIRTHDAY PARTY- - Tuesday, July 30, 1901. a very pleasant lawn party was given on the beautiful grounds at the Cannon Farm, by Gen. John Q. Cannon and wife for their daughter, Louise, to about forty or fifty of her The place was prettily young friends. decorated in honor of the festive occasion, and the Chinese lanterns hung from the balcony in the vines and among the trees gave the place a gala appearance, 