WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12 men and women, and it certainly is pleasing to our Father in heaven, whose sons and daughters we are; and He will most EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. surely bless all those who labor so unselfishly and indefatigably to make these annual outings a success. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, It is truly gratifying to see so many No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts "old folks" among us. Perhaps in no ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. other part of the world are there so many dvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariel aged ones, in proportion to the population, space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal c unt to regular advertisers. I regard this as as can be found in Utah. office Room South 507 Templeton, Temple Exponent due to the observance by the people of Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every laws which those wholesome, health-givinday, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc the Lord has given for our guidance In the Mrs. E. B. WELLS, care of our bodies supplemented by His Salt Lake City, Utah divine favor towards us. Among us, I am Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Ltah, a happy to say, old age is honorable, and resecond-clas-s It is matter. garded as a blessing from the Lord. our duty to desire to live long upon the earth, that we may do as much good as we Salt Lake City, Utah, July, 1901. possibly can. I esteem it a great privilege to have the opportunity of living in WOMAN'S BUILDING. mortality. The Lord has sent us here for a wise and glorious purpose, and it the of a Central Feeling necessity Woman's Building, the Relief Society, should be our business to find out what that purpose is, and then order our lives Young Ladies' "Mutual Improvement Association and Primary Association have accordingly. joined forces for the purposes of erecting one in Salt Lake City. A few day ago I was at a large gatherWe commend the undertaking and have of contributed a valuable building site opposite ing in this magnificent pavilion, a had and very happy Primary children, the Temple, valued at $18,000. time with them. They were children who Lorenzo Snow. are on the threshold of life, and the quesJoseph F. Smith. tion of whether or no they will faithfully carry out the object of their existence and be true to God cannot yet be answered; but OLD FOLKS' DAY. here is a body of men and women who are PRESIDENT SNOW'S ADDRESS READ BY so far advanced in life as to be nearing the HIS SON, LE ROI C. SNOW. end, and who have lived such lives of faithfulness and devotion that it may truly My brethren and sisters and dear friends, be said of them that they have carried out I am delighted to be with you on this hapthe purpose of their existence here and I feel that I am in the prespy occasion. their ultimate success is assured. I rejoice ence of men and women who are distinwith you in the fact that after all these guished, not alone for the many years they years you are still journeying on the road have lived among us, but for their purity to exaltation and eternal life. I know that of life, their strength of character, their exyour lives have not been all sunshine; you emplary habits, and above all, for their unhave doubtless passed through many a wavering integrity to God. I congratutrial, and perhaps have come up through late you all on having lived so long and so much tribulation; but by continued integworthily upon the earth. Like myself, rity you will soon emerge from the shadyou have been in this stage of action quite ows into the glorious sunshine of the a few years, and I am satisfied that the celestial world. Lord has had His eye over you for good. I certainly acknowledge His hand in the preservation of my life up to the present HURRY, WEAR AND TEAR. lime. I am now in my eighty-eightyear, and I know it is through the mercy and The startling progress of the present day blessing of God that I am here today, along many lines, both of thought and of privileged to join with you in this unique activity, keeps one constantly on the qui gathering. vive to be at all posted in the world's great These Old Folks' excursions are ausOne who would keep undertakings. picious and enjoyable events, and all who abreast of the times must even think rapidare over seventy years of age look forward or be left behind. There seems to be to them, no doubt, with considerable ly, every facility for rapid motion in traveling, pleasure. They have become so celebrated etc., connections in communication, that their fame has spread abroad, and men the quick and telephone to convey ideas from afar have looked upon them with the telegraph world over almost, but the individual commendation and have greatly admired brain must still do the thinking and planthe motive which inspires them. They ning, and it is this hurry of thinking that furnish an example that could with profit is making such headlong rush that it is no be followed by other communities in the wonder insanity is on the increase. world, for they are the legitimate fruits of It would be a good thing to slow up now a spirit and sentiment that should prevail and then, better than to push onward and among all people, bespeaking the brotherfinally plunge headlong into the maddenhood of man and the fatherhood of God. scheme, that may end in paralysis or ing These gatherings bear witness to the fact of the nervous forces. prostration that among the Latter-daSaints, at least Americans are too ambitious Perhaps there is love and respect for the aged, and have so much vital energy that thev they a desire to bless and make them happy. it freely, but to prolong human life This feeling so manifested cannot help but spend is one of the principles taught by the command the admiration of all honorable Prophet Joseph Smith and others of our Woman's Exponent semi-monthl- y, di-- h y wise men, and in order to do so one must obey the laws of nature, the higher laws taught by revelation to the Latter-da- y Saints. Very few people really abide by the regulations they know to be advantageous to life and health, but promise themselves, perchance, that bye and bye they'll take rest. the much-neede- d There really seems more to do than ever before and yet there are so many inventions to lessen work that it is a problem how there can be more to do, and one cannot help feeling that it is not only a problem nn one seems able to solve, but it is positively a mystery. At any rate the facts remain the same, and everybody complains, almost without Is it beexception, of being overworked. cause we require so rmch more than formerly to help us to live, or what is the reason people are always in a hurry ? There certainly are more amusements than there used to be, and it is hard work to go to places of recreation to be amused, that is if one has to hurry to make the time to go. Heber C. Kimball used to say holidays weie "hollow days," and the hardest days there were and the most fatiguing; but some people do not take time for simple recreation, and business men nowadays really have not time to see their families and get acquainted with their own children. Where is the person who is to call a halt? It is not a wholesome state of affairs, and will not tend to a higher state of perfection. And certainly in the hot weather the effect of hurry will be dangerous. Men, and women too. for that matter, rush to catch trains, and to eat a lunch, if they have any, and altogether, anyway, many people are so anxious to get on in the world trat they forget or neglect all the little courtesies that were so charming in the ladies and gentlemen of 'the old school, " as it has become customary to call the manners of the long ago when the people had leisure. It is delightful to be surrounded with wealth and able to gratify one's taste in all sorts of ways, but the multiplicity of duties and of work along so many lines hinders even the enjoyment of wealth, and its accessories, and all this hinders the cultivation of true politeness and refinement of sentiment and of soul and a kindliness of manner, which is essential for those who are aiming to reach a high standard of excellence in all that pertains to the life here upon the earth and the eternities hereafter. The Latter-da- y Saints should now and then examine their own accounts, not financially, but generally, and compare them with what the Lord has said in the revelations given in the latter days, and see if they compare well with the written instructions, and take care of the bodies given them, and seek by all legitimate means to preserve their health and strength, that they may not come under condemnation for not taking care of their mortal 4 bodies. ABOUT ART. There is, nowadays., a great deal of talk about art, and it is an understood fact that art enters into many things in life besides pictures. Recently some facts about art were given at the farewell meeting of Sorosis in ew York City that seem to apr 