WOMAN'S EXPONENT. President Jas. G. Duffiin read a portion j She described the hill, and Lamanites." It j and could plainly see how raany could go of Section 68, Doctrine and Covenants. j the children our to is teach Closed to battle. hill that things asking by right upon that are being done in these days,, that j the blessing of the Lord upon all. Singing, "Do what is right." Benedic- faith would grow in them. That children should be baptized at the age of eight tion by Zina Y. Card, Sec. Elnora Wight, years. They are subject to so many We should train them as tetJ ptations. Said our happiness should go. they LOVING APPRECIATION. if they should that depends upon them, it would how dreadful from the Lord depart My Beloved Sisters: on be their This should be. impressed Our "Mother" is at rest, and while the minds. We should look at the good and void her sweet presence filled still vearns not the evil. Said the Relief Society is for one of the helps in government. The "The touch of a vanished hand is of the His that " Lord, society inspired is And the sound of a voice that still be will We be might strengthened. we will try to prove our devotion to her Spirit blessed both in mind and body if we are sacred memory by living our most holy faithful. The Prophet Joseph Saiith said religion as she would have us. it grieved when we became I recall the many acts of kindness the of He would and the draw bestowed upon me while there with you, His Spirit from Lord,and we should be left us, Spirit and take this occasion to express my grati- in darkness. We must avoid this. Some tude and love to all my kindred and friends will find fault because the Elders would who remembered us as a family and myself talk a little too long. In so doing we as an individual, who was there without would not be Said we doing right. God bless and comhusband or children. should support our officers, also spoke of fort all, is the prayer of your grateful the Woman's Building. sister. Annie Sister Taylor Hyde, of Salt Lake Zina Young Card. City, read an article from the Exponent, Cardston, Canada. an address written by President Lorenzo Snow, and read by his son at the exerSOUTH WESTERN STATES MISSION. cises given by the Relief Society at Saltair. Minutes of the St. John Relief Spoke of the Woman's Building, of raising held St. at Society conference, John, Sep. the money to give to help erect it, of the different amounts given. That it is the 16, 1901. little mites the poor give that seem to make to called order President by Meeting Explained the Lucy Breckenridge. Singing, "The the greater amounts. different of the was offered parts building. Spoke of Prayer by Spirit of God." the education of the and of the G. President James children, Duffin, of the South Zion. schools in could We Continued by Western States mission. dispel prejudice singing "High on the mountain top a ban- by explaining our views to those who are ner is unfurled." ignorant. Alluded to marriage, that young Sister Breckenridge told what was being people in these days seem to be living for done by the society, and said that it had enjoyment and not trying to keep God's Referred to the joy debeen greatly blessed. They held meetings commandments. from rived our and about week in had dollars doing duty. forty every the treasury. Elder J. M. White said it was a pleasure President Sarah J. Cannon, of Salt Lake, to speak to us awhile. That he had not a member of the General Board of the been interested in Relief Society work in Relief Society, spoke on punctuality and the past. He was now leaving the mission Thanked all who had been so kind encouraged the sisters to continue in the field. on work. and him to and endorsed all that had been time, Begin meeting good do not hold meetings too long. The memsaid. bers should be united and have kind words Closed by singing "Now. let us rejoice." for each other. We never gain by running Prayer by Elder Joshua Gardner. AdTeachers should be journed until 2 o'clock p. m. other people down. Afternoon meeting, Sister Lucy Breckenurged to visit. Do good as you have opportunity. If a sister cannot meet, occasional- ridge presiding. Opened by singing "WTe ly take the meeting to that member. En- thank Thee, O God, For a Prophet." courage the children to pay tithing, Prayer by Elder King. Continued by as well as paying our own personal tithing. singing "Redeemer of Israel." Children should be taught to obey. Make The first speaker said she could not give the home pleasant so the children will any instructions in the Relief Society work We should thank but bore a strong testimony of the truthwant to be at home. our Heavenly Father more than we do for fulness of the Gospel. Was thanhful to our blessings. Spoke of the Woman's meet in the St. John conference. Had is be built in Salt Lake enjoyed her labors, knew if she would to that Building put City, and said she would like to have the her trust in the Lord all must be well. name of the St. John Relief Society cn the Each one must do good for herself. Was books as having helped with the construc- pleased to see us united and was pleased to tion of it. see the girls were taking part in the society. Sister Joanna Miller, one of our teachers Elder Joshua Gardner had never been was called to give a report of the St. John called to speak in a Relief Society branch of the Relief Society. She felt before, but knew if we are led meeting by the well, had visited as much as they were Spirit of the Lord good will be done. Spoke able. Always found every one feeling well of his mother, said she was a worker in in the Gospel. Felt better when they the Relief Society, he gained some visited. Felt she, in so doing, was attend- knowledge from her. Spoke of the opinAsked ion the world had of the sisters of the ing more strictly to her duty. the Lord to bless us all that we might hold Latter-da- y Saints. Hoped they would out faithful. learn of some of the work of the Relief fault-findin- I ! . g, Society. Spoke of the young lady missionaries, prayed the Lord would bless the sisters of the society, said they are working for both temporal and spiritual affairs. President Sarah J. Cannon was rejoiced to meet with us again this afternoon. Urged the sisters to work together, that in so doing we could do so much more gcod. It is necessary that we keep exact records. We should let our light shine and work to earn a reward. Was pleased so many kept It is important the Word of Wisdom. that we train our children right. We must watch that no misunderstandings Mentioned the celebracome between us. of March each year, and on tions the 17th the ten cent membership lee that we should always remember on that day. We should be charitable, try to save souls and say We must notice the little kind words. life. of Should be able to this things answer questions on our religion, must study and know something of the Gospel. Try to be better each day. Always be offence not and take gentle easy, but be careful to live in love and peace. Thought she would always feel much interested in the sisters 01 St. John because she had been with us. Sister Amelia Badger favored us with a very sweet song. Sister Annie T. Hyde enjoyed the conference so very much. Thought it such a to the missionaries. It is a priviblsssing the Lord has lege given to all to work for him. Spoke of the first organization of the Relief Society by the Piophet Joseph Smith, and said that this society is to strengthen the work of the Lord That all must be pure in heart to become members. That Emma Smith was chosen by revelation as the first leader. Read a portion from the Doctriyie and Covenants, also read some selections, and said what a grand work we were in. Should not be gloomy but be cheerful, should not miss our meetings if it could be helped. The sisters of the first Relief Society helped the sick and when they were driven from their homes comforted and blessed them. Mentioned how they used to do when they first went to Utah. Spoke of storing grain for the poor. That many branches of the soeiety had their own buildings. Alluded to the so how Temple work, many poor are helped in this way. Spoke of the Woman's Exchange, of the silk industry and of the trained nurses, how they were willing to nurse the poor, as well as rich. How they furnished bedding and clothing for the poor. Spoke of the sisters administering to the sick, if we are pure we will get what we ask for if it is for our good. We should always praise the Lord. We should be blessed if we kept the Word of Wisdom, should do right ourselves and not notice our friends. Thought it a good idea to read Church works in our meetings. President Duffiin said we had a very fine There had been given a great meeting. many things that would be good to use for all. Called our attention to some of the points the sisters had given. Spoke to the brothers and sisters, of the covenants made before we were sent here. Gave them good advice. Elder J. M. White sang a song, "Mormon Boy." Meeting closed by singing "Where the voice of friendship's heard. " Benediction by Elder 0. H. Jeppson. Margaret Budge, Sec, 