WOMAN'S KXL'OXKXT. 6S to use with training but common the knowledge obtained. One of the ablest men of the present day. predicts th.it the man at this new century will be the en'; ginicr." 'Hie construction of all' great railroads, Woman's Exponent e'uMEI.LSE II. WELLS, EJitoSunE Eubhiher. . VxAh: S.U in Citv, l.'t.t'i. Terms: ot& copy one )'.ir. 5oo" ;opy iix nw:uh. cr i 50 els? No reduction tu,uU: lot cluUs'. Citv by mail, rxtr.t fur jKAt:ir one" year, .25 c:s. MMni-uiuritli!- y, UriVc !:v-ere- rl A'lvcitisinfi rates.' 'K.u-- squarr, ten ace one time $3. 50; prr iiioolli, 53.ro. ' count to regular advertisers.. of nonp.tr.'-A Ucr.1 ' l (I -- KxroNFA'T office Room 2o3 Tri.iplrton, South 'IVnril--StreetItusines hours from if? a. in. to 5 p. m.,es rv day, except Sunday. : Address all luisinevs communicates tc Mrs. K. B. WT.M.S, Salt Lakk Cuv, L'iam Entere.1 .it the Lost Off.ce in S.i.'t Lake City, Salt a ' matter. econJ-cLis- s l.tjh, I,aki: Ciiv, Ui ah Jam wry i, such canals, bridges, fortifications and great enterprises require the thorough work of the engineer. The world is to come into closer connection by these' great under takings. The manual training now being made a mrt'fif t?i iMirricnlum of the schools and .... tiln'cii ....II ...I'l iruj.nvjHv., cojieees. win uvsiiaun k1- the' strength of ..muscle and sinew, the physical development such as Ivas not been known heretofore; and it willbe needed in the great problems that are being presented in the industrial progress of the American nation. Steam, electricity" and dynamo are the agents that will be most in evidence in the great work yet to beexecuted, and these require skilled masters as well as Xo doubt the first quarter of a workmen. century will give an assurance of such' mighty problems solved as those now living have "never dreamed could be wrought but. The great reforms that have been started in the' Nineteenth century will possibly- yes probably lind their fulfillment in this new century before it; is halt completed; for instance, International Arbitration, and various governmental improvements which must necessarily follow along with the humanitarian views that are being agitated and advocated lor the bettermeirtrf mankind. The outlook for the fuUire is most hope ful when one considers the great strides that have already been made during .the last half of this century in more directions than it is possible to name in these patres. The light and knowledge that has come by direct revelation through the prophets and seers of these latter days, has blest the- world and liittd up mankind far more than they are themselves aware of or able to appreciate Yet there is "much to be done that will require almost superhuman efforts, and to this people particularly, who believe the second advent of the Savior is not far off, there is no time to waste if the Saints are to for His coming.' The Gospel .has not yet reached every nation, and thousands' of Klders will yet go to foreign lands to proclaim the tidings of great joy to the peo ple that sit in darkness, that the scriptures may be fulfilled; and the way is being opened, up 'in ways of which we had not dreamed in the past. The Republic of America that guarantees religious liberty is extending its borders afar off, and the end is not yet and ye venture, the prediction' i .11'. i it. i omer .uiai lands will yet come under her flag, and without war or bloodshed, but because of the freedom and liberty vouchsafed under the glorious Constitution framed by our forefathers. v iy. THE NEW YEAR AND NEW CENTURY. A Happy New Year and New Century to 11 all our readers and patrons and to the public generally. Many peculiar emotions are. and awakened, memories, or long ago called up on entering, not only the new year, (so often done before) but the new century, the last of the two thousand years since the birth of the Savior. Greetings from great writers, and great leaders, heroes, statesmen and authors have been sent out to the world in a spirit of love and one may assume from and good-wilthis that the world is in greater harmony as a whole than ever before. It .is good to pause .sometimes on the apself proach of a given period and into consideration, and ascertain if possible diow one stands toward the world as regards humanity at large. Whether the Golden Rule is beidg observed or if there is a nearer approach to loving one's neighbor. To examine one's own heart is good for us all, if we will be as exaet-wj- th ourselves as we would be with others. We are certainly living in a wonderful age, and it behooves us to do our part well in the great program that has been prepared for the Latter-dadispensation. The prophecy of the future as we re.td it in the sacred books that have been written by inspired men in the different periods of time .in the. past, all point to the day in which we live. Already the Saints have accomplished much temporally in building Temples iuxwhich sacred rites and ordinances are being solemnized for the living anil roj tne oeaa; ana ere many decades in the new century have come and gone, the greater Temple in Jackson County will behuilt and dedicated.'. Meantime great events will transpire that will facilitate the progress of the work of the Church. . music and are art Poetry, SYMPOSIUM. being developed in the highest sense, and all these as welL THE NINirf KKNTII AND TWENTIETH as mechanism of great variety and the utCENTURIES. most perfection: will be essential to complete the Latter-daZion. vSkilled artisans in all The kinds of workmanship are essential to the with nineteenth century ha? been fraught ' wonderful events.XOur Father in building, up of Zion. , heaven and His Son Jesus Christ, Who of the young people of today are before appearing' Smith and him instructing, preparing uiemseives- tor such positions of about religion and sending Moroni to him K very advantage of usefulness? higher and, the ancient delivering ;ecord on golden education is open to those who arenmhi. from which plates, he translated the Book tious to make themselves proficient Mormon. along of Also in the new avenues of engineering and similar--sending James and John to Joseph Smith' Peter, and Oliver pursuits, which require not only specific Lowdery, atHrconferring the Hol-y- PHest- 'half-forgotte- n . l, v -- take-one'- s - be-read- y -- ' them, and teaching them how .to organize the Church of Jesus Christ f Latter-daSaints, ;and how to attain salva-tiofor the living "and redemption un th Hood upon y u lihl . - r- How: the Prophet Joseph, had to hy down his precious life for the truths he had , taught. How about the next centuiy ? There will be greater calamities, more sickriesV" pestilence of every name and nakire until the earth will be ' cleaned of wickedness and. the Gospel will be preached to every nation, and the honest in heart gathered to Zion, and the Center Stake built up, many of the Lamanites converted and JeiusaknV will be rebuilt and the ten tribes will re. tnrn. Jesus Will come in tfie clouds of heaven w'ith all His holy angels, and the Saints he caught up to 'meet Him. . IUtiisiikda-WSmith, 'These are my views of the century just passed. , it the most important and wonderful since the days of Christ. The rapid strides which have been made in every branch of science gre marvelous to But the greatest hmman understanding. and most important to the whole human family is the mission of the young prophet Joseph Smith. When in the sincerity of his soul he besought the Lord to show him which of aM the religious denominations was the right one, God the' Fariber revealed Himself unto him with His Son, JtMis Christ, beside Him, and told Joseph to join himself to none of the sects then existing, as The he had a great work for him to do. Lord afterward opened up to his understanding the great plan of "salvation, for the children of men, and restored the Everlasting Gospel with all its power and authority. to the government of the Especially ' United States has it been eventful ai d profitable. The opening up of the Western with its ULtold intefmouutain region, wealth, through the influence and perseverance of the Latter-daSaints, materially to Jhe strength and importance I consider ' has-adde- y this nation. The wdiole century- has been replete willr the fulfillment of prophecies of the ancient prophets. 'The signs of the "times, to which the Savior referred have. been vividly mani fested, and Will become more marked dur ing the centuiy that is before us. The wars and rumors of wars, the famine, flow, pestilence and other calamities that were promised in the latter days, are of daily oc currence, and are destined to continue unlnl the coming of the Savior to reign upon the earth. of - M. x Isabella Hornk. - . y . r . " Jo-sep- - ' 1 Saitit the event To anvLatter-daof the present century which eclipses all others in imoortance is the restoration And I be of the Gospel af Jesus Christ, lieve that the earlv years of the coming. century will show to the whole wor;d tnai. the view now taken by only a handful of It is; perhaps, people is the correct one. not too much t think that all will soon see that the Gospel will bring about the universal, brotherhood, and the reign of peace on earth so long foreseen by the prophets. ' y Sarah Jenne Cannon'- - :I.nlcjbntemplating the great advancement iQ' that has fbeeh made iu; discoveries ...and 