WOMAN'S KXPONENT, 70. Pestalozzi and Froebel and many- others " who have filled our own and our children's lives with pleasures and experiences of object lessons, and the Kindergarten, with its many beautiful phase;,, none of which appeal more strongly than the pleasures of - -- "learning by doing." Among us, as a people, we feel that much has been accomplished and that the path lies very bright before us for the progress and advancement of the future, and that this is made possible through the restora-tioof the Gospel during the past century! and through the Prophet Joseph Smith, who opened the door for woman. " And now where are the limitations of woman's progress and improvement ? And as the care of children is woman's special charge, the new century will see much ad- vancemeut and many things which today are in the experimental stage will be proven and tested, and whatever is imworthy will For however much may be be cast out. said of the present wickedness of the world, with the education of our children in the care of that sex.which has always, and will stili maintain the chastity and virtue of the race, with the possibilities of the newer education added to those long inherited qualities, the race of men will grow and increase in the virtues and graces of life, as well as in intelligence and power. u Louiii B. Fklt. 'shall I look for in the twentieth? Turkey will be plucked' ami prepared for we ... Ink H'.T Mil 'tr(ululling wm. IT i u iv. , lull a..' I.UUK it iiiu.n, it lit Or 1 enrm-ntebv nature, rniiM nothing i;i ill ' fit him a to him for except up playhouse It r moments. Nut even his his rare .eisure r - 41 ti-i- , r- - 1 .Jk t I Tiie helpless, the feast of law and order. and oppressed the needy, the of alienations will be fed, comforted and. heart could dictate his marital relations,' in The woman he longed to crown instructed and lifted up into light, law, legality. the .e!oqutn, v civilization and truth, in fact, a great ad. might be a scullery maid, and ' of the kingdom might supplement ti e vance towards, if not the accomplishment will be achieved ou the ear'th of 'the teachings and traditions of his youth, while Fatherhood and Motherhood of God and a dozen utterly disinterested men canvassed the Brotherhood of .men. neighboring kingdoms' to select the woniru' best fitted, politically and strategical Romania B. Pratt. One thing he could' Alfor his consort. ways resort to, to relieve the pressure Of re WHAT HATH THE CENTURY WROUGHT" straint upon his will, he could be wicked or spiteful, or both. Pass down through the various iK)sition's, If the question were asked, what has of .clashes and degrees, until the street gamin been the most remarkable the 'Nineteenth Century, - a number of is readied, each, the nobleman's" son," heir, the child of the tradesman, answers might be given. the offspring of the day laborer, each was rThe scientist would point to the magnificent records of. medicine, of steam, of held closely in the circle into whiuh electricity, of all the mechanical devices and born by environment, by education and. by tradition. ; discoveries. one could do, sink to the each One The artist would refer you to the rejuventhing ation made in music, painting, literature .level below him. or down and dowr till and in all the arts wiich made Greece sole disgrace and death closed the scene. But none could go. higher, except in rare and mistress of the world for centuries. The religionist would quote any one of peculiar cases; and these exceptions but acthe great revivals, or perhaps would poitit centuated the rule. f VPf Tit milCllO ivllrlr.i Tliuro to the intense expressions of materalism on the one hand, and spiritism on the other. individual, through accident or design, sucEach and all would choose a different ceeded iu reaching a higher- class, he was phase of the many-sideProgress in this absorbed into the upper class, and he must passing century, which, is as varied as the perforce sever all connection with his own to himself or natures, occupations and dispositions of class, no matter at what cost ' associates. men who have taken part therein. to his former All these conditions are familiar to the If a being from some other sphere, whose vision had been clarified through absence student of history, and indeed, they exist s were asked to answer this today, in such" governments as still perof petuate the monarchical forms. question, his answer, based on the superiorNo lii an in Kurope says who shall be his ity of men to things, would be the most Nor do they in any ..wonderful feature of the past century is the next Sovereign. measure, except iu France, Switzerland and development of the individuality of man. Men there have been; individuals have alEngland, dictate the policies of their ways arisen here and there on the horizon countries; and in France, in England and of history; but' men have been lumped toin Switzerland it is the classes which hold the partial franchise and even then t Ii gether, as it were; the nations have heretofore been forcibly classified. The shot at power is limited and the choice restricted. Lexington tore away the constructing bands AiuencauHnuepenoence gives not alone, of all previous tradition, and man. stood the power to vote fir.this man or that, for this there alone, each, one classifying himself policy or that. The ethical foundation upon forever more. which that right rests is the most precious In primitive conditions men were all indigilt ever given to man; it is the right of viduals; but as social expression became choice, limitless, boundless. necessary men found it expedient to invest A man under this flag 'may vote or not united authority in one or more of their vote; he may be a plunger iu the number. That moment there began the He or a bootblack, on the street. monarchical form of social life, in which may be the ruler of the country, or a tramp. the man gradually lost identity and the If he moves above his youthful conditions in rested the hands of the few. government into a wealthier or more cultured class. With varying forms this type of life conthere is no reason why .Ins. family, and tinued down to the close of the iSth cenrelatives shall vnot accompany him if they . tury A comply with. the same conditions. Sporadic forms of individuality existed, it He may do or not do, he has every human is true, but usually they appeared in lawchoice offered him, and the only limit is his less or barbaric life. and-.hi- s. will. In other words, h" capacity is It not the purpose of this writing to tnat'ps: ii5 nwn FnrirrmfrPMitc-- iff the inquire into the prehistoric or spiritual European countries, his environments make causes of such facts, as have been stated, " him.' but to group about this premise .some exWith this understanding, let us approach planations and deductions, and to add a another phase:of this subject, and consider forecast of the near future. v it well. Consider for a moment what conditions When men faced trie at Lexington surrounded the man born into monarchical there were those within enemy the distant cottages life. He was, as. a child, environed with a of the wdio melted the lead and chain of circumstances which held him with ran intovillage, molds the deadly missilles wdiich. deathless power. If he were born into a gave the final expression to. revolt from palace, or. on the steps of a throne, he could tyranny and classification. have no choice, except between being a good or bad monarch." All the teachings When she saw, "that wife, that mother, and arts of courtiers might portray to him the what her husband and sons had wrought; unexcelled grandeur and splendor of his 1. 1.1 1. t. i .1 11 vvucii sue ueueiu ine; snacKies. wnicu I down-trodde- n ! . Ok-merchant- he-w.- Is . - U-ur- -- d The nineteenth century may be called the century of Liberty and Light. Although the announcement of the birth of Liberty was in 1776, it was scarcely enthroned until the, nineteenth century. Ou the soil of Liberty the intellect of men and women was encouraged, protected and permitted to unfold and increase in the arts and sciences ornamental and practical. Steam, in all its' possibilities was developed and shot forth on rivers and seas, making the nations neighbors." The wonders of electricity are lighting and linking the whole world by its mighty and various, powers. The inimitable Light of Truth, in all its effulgence of authority and power descended from heaven and planted its feet on earth no more to be overcome and flee, but to overcome all evil and bring gradually all good men and women into the perfect life. Slavery lifted its Medusa head in the South, but Liberty enthroned in the North gave forth the edict for it to depart and it fled the Jar.d. Tyranny iu Cuba with its mailed hand was striking terror and death ovet all its fair land till Liberty could no longer shut the hideous sight from her eyes nor close her ears to the cry of the. oppressed, and v V. and with swift showers of shot and shell (the-onlavailable language- - to convince her of her errors) quickly shattered her chains of bondage. Cuba, Porto Rico and will the Phillipines, ; now enjoy the blessings of Liberty, so soon as the benighted minds of her inhabitants can perceive the y ' treat boon offered them- - The harpoons of the natives have been firmly fastened in the dreadful Dragon, China, where tyranny and oppression have reached the climax, and its. door will be thrown wide open for the ingress of light, law and civilization, the forerunners of the establishment of truth. The British lion has laid his paw on un progressive Africa for the same purpose. In view of these great beginnings of thp ninptfpnth rpntiirv wli.il vlpvplnnmAtitc soul-devouri- ; v ng . time-limit- -- . Stock-mark- et , -- -- - " -- -- - 1 : 1 