WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. ZION'S MIGHTY KING I could' find aony He bowed His head.-.Witbroken heart and moans he died; ' All nature groans, her Hvjht is lied, . God's .sinless Son is crucified. to make the best of it: I told my Heavenly Father, that if He would give me strength I, would obey this principle and would do the best I could trying to live up to it. So Sunday, September 26, 1S52, after the morning meeting, we went to the Council House, just south of where the Tabernacle is, and there was sealed to Brother Lay-toI believed that I did right then, and I think s j till this day, for the principle is true, but there are many hills to climb along that road, and I have climbed a few, but am satisfied. Brother Layton bought a home in the Fifteenth Ward, and made some additions to the building and we were very comfortably situated. He had a great, many cattle that he had brought from the; East, and He they were running loose over Jordan. thought it-- best to put a small house over there and move wljere he could see after the stock.- So he bought logs and put up a small room, and on the 9th of November we started for our new home. The snow was very deep, so deep that it piled in great heaps in front of the axle. There was a great . thaw at that time and when we reached the house the water was running through it; there was no roof over it, but we got some willows from the river and placed on the top and then put some dirt on top of them and soon had shelter. That Was a very cold, hard winter. We One lost many of our fine blooded stock. night, I well remember, there was a very heavy storm from the north, and one of our best mares came up to the side of the house and cried so 'pitifully that my husband could not bear to hear it, so he got up and brought it in the room where we were sleeping; and though the house was Small, the animal was put in one side, there it stood quiet all night and its life was saved. ' On January 1 ni853, Bister Layton gave to That night birth to a boy. so rain, and our roof was not water-proo- f that the water came through the roof all over, not excepting where Sister Layton was lying. We kept her dry' as best' we could with a large umbrealla and oilcloth a few pieces of slab coat.I-hadstore- d away, and this came in very handy then This and the green willows that for fire. we had for iuel kept the fire going 'all and'-wgut along very well, neither night, Sister Layton nor the infant took cold and we could but acknowledge the hand of the Lord in preserving them tinder such cirWe were happy and enjoyed cumstances. ourselves, but I sometimes think that if the to go young people of today had that '.... through, what would they do? My father, mother and fa,mily emigrated My father did l.to.Utah in the year '53not join the Church until lie reacnea uian. In the spring the Indians were very troublesome in many of the settlements, and in places where it was thinly settled; but although we were a way from everybody we never saw an Indian. In August we moved hack to Salt Lake to our home for the .winter, and on the 3th birth to mv first son, we" Ul ii.if,vv the name of Wyrum John. 1 ne next spring my husband bought a place on I emblems cat. remem'bring Him, " These I lis sake, body broken for-ou- r Tlial we'may life eternal win, .When in bis likeness we awake. Now of His blotnl so freely spilt, Drink and make thy covenants new, stains of guilt, Then from the is soul Thv trembling purged anew . ddful 4 But here we'll testify of Him, Till He shall come to earth again, To reign as Zion's Mighty King. Lydia D. Alder. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON have all of these pleasure resorts to draw the people away, but we lived and mindtd our own business and attended to the work in which we were engaged and had the We blessing of the Lord to'depend upon. did very.- well with that business, and the people in passing through the country land of gold, as it was called, would many things that were useiul to us. bring ' In the spring of 1855 President Young advised Brother Layton to lve tip the butcher. business and go into the country He obeyed cuun.ei and and buy a farm. went into Tooele County and bought a farmjrom Mr. Seth M. Blair. The farm was near Grantsville and we moved to that On the 18th of place for the winter. January, 1S56, my second child, a girl, was born, and we called her Mary Aim. I n. - (Continued.) It .was on the 3rd of September, . 1852, that we arrived, and the- people were busy - discussing a sermon that Orson Pratt had ' , given the Sunday before our arrival. dinAlter. resting some time and taking ner with Brother Smith, I left Brother and Sister Lay ton and went with my sister to Kaysville, Davis Co., where she and her husband had made a. home, I staid with my sister a few days, but it seemed that the only subject discussed was what Orson Pratt had preached. I then realized that there were more covenants and obligations to enter into and I fully believed the principle was true, but I felt that I was I made not prepared to live in that order. it a matter of nraver before the Lord, that if I were not able to live up to those covenants, that I might be released from my I spoke to Brother and Sister promise. Lay ton about it, and told them I did not want to make those sacred covenants lest I should not be able to live up to them. And still in that principle there are promises that arelio where else. I realized I had covenanted to serve the Lord, and I could 'not deny tfiat as one of His orders for us to obey if we would secure the highest degree of glory, I sometimes wished that I had The not promised to obey that order. struggle to decide whether or not to enter that order of marriage caused me to lose many a night's sleep, and "caused me to utter many a fervent prayer to the Lord that He would guide me. F felt that if I now, refused to respect the promise that I ha(f made I wouid be despised by . my best -- fif tllOSe wllO til" but. rpcnppt once looked ud to me, and those to whom I had made promises would lose confidence in me. I had believed the principle to be true for a long time, and had heard one of the apostles of this dispensation declare that the Lord had "given revelation telling the people that, they were to enter into that principle if they would "have the highest degree ot glory. I had covenanted to serve the Lord; I had obeyed the first principles of Gospel, and in that I was told that I must hot stand' still hut must 0 on. On the other hand, I remembered the words of my .father .and-- mother. , I thought of my inability to live up to the requirements. Emigration 1ne - . -- - to-th- ... (). solemir thought, the Savior's slain ' otirl U11U Ward,and -- His slayers taunt with cruel scorn; "Come down, if Son of God Thou be." The world's Redeemer He was bom, "From sin to set His people free. 1VI1UJ( 'frfAnfl we set up, a butcher shop and we hegan the business; we, also hacLcneou Main Street. Having so imieh grease, as. we would in that business, we made a We were great deal of soap and caudles, glad to. get the: candles to burn in those days, lor lamps were a rarity, ana not an We were not could afford to buy candles! troubled with 0 many of the diseases as we have now, we had no use for so many lawyers as we have now and we did not 'way to be honorable to get out of my promise. It seemed that the more I tried to find a way to get away and break my promise, the closer they would cling to me. I could find fault with nobody of nothing, but luyself so I decided" the "cross the. Savior hung, A crown of thorns pnssed on his brow, With anguish deep His heart is wrung; Aloud he cries, " Tis finished now," )on In 11b -- was very sick that winter, and came my life. At the April conference Brother Layton, together with a number of- others, was called to take his family and all that he had and go to the Carson valley, both as missionary and to settle that part of the We sold our farm 10 a man country. named" John Caley, and by' the 1st of May The 10th of May we were ready to start. We arrived found us crossing Bear river. at the Wasba valley about July 16th Brother Layton immediately started for California to get the flour, as we had but very little. The day lie arrived we had but enough to make one pan pi biscuits, and we had been very saving that it should last till his return. '. It wis a difficult thing to get salt and what we did get we paid twenty cents a pound for, while sugar was selling for eight cents. But we had to be very careful with everything to eat, for all that we had was brought over the mountains from California on pack mules or We kept a small store and took in horses. considerable money that way. But we were left without men in camp very often and the Indians would flock around our camp. They- - would come and cook their game on our stove and spread Their blankets down on the ground by the side of our wagons and sleep, but there was not much sleep fdrme when they were around. Brother Layton's father, a blind man, was with us in camp all the time, but with that exception we were left with our children days at a time, but they "never molested us in "the least. We attended to our prayers and had the satisfaction of knowing that we were remembered by our Heavenly Father. Late in the fall Brother Layton built a large 4og house, and then we were in good condition " for the winter. near.-losin- - n . e . - Miss Rose Lane, of Buffalo, N..Y., w ho died a short time ago, lias been described as a 'mother to thousands," froii the fact that as the "orphan agent" of Erie County she had found homes tor nearly three the - Thirteenth "thousand children 4 - Street, in e j : . 