WOMAN'S EXPONENT. DAYS AND DEEDS THAT LIVE The subject will be "Internits Promotion by the No programs will be printed for these conferences, but all visitors at the Exposition interested in the progressive work of women will be welcomed, and speakers from different parts of our own country, from Canada, and from the different states of South and Central America, will discuss the subject above named, each from ber own point of view as modified by her nationality and the needs oi her own country. The Council stands always for friendly, co operative nationalism. It is intended to make these conferences a means of stimulating increased interest in organization as a method of promoting good work in South and Central America. The successful organization of the National Council of Women of Argentina, whichbn June 9th voted unanimously for affiliation with the International Council, augurs the success of the Council method in the states of South America. Wednesdays. ationalism and Council Idea." There are days that never die, And stories never told, Of a happiness gone by Deep in the heart we hold Their meaning, and we linger, Along life's pleasant way, We do not stop to tell them. To others day by day. We might make others free Of grief, if we would speak. And whisper something joyous Unto the sad, the weak; The heart oft grows aweary, Is ready nigh to break, Yet we withhold a blessing, Some soul would gladly take. Pan-Americ- Another day we wander, Some sympathy bestow On some sad, lonely object, Our heart is all aglow; A happiness in serving, To help a life along To carry part the burden That they may sing a song. The confidence is shaken. For some will chide us sore And wonder why we meddle, Bid us do so no more. 'Tis then, the heart gets weary The next weak object found, We doubt them lest our motive. Be crushed unto the ground. But blessings often brighten When taking flight, we're told, Love is so much the better, And charity, than gold; We may meet at the Roll call Of Jesus, courage take, While here, help one another, He'll bless tnem for our sake. As strife is stirred by hatred. And Love doth cover sin, Be then friends to the friendless, Now is the time, begin ; With earnest feeling, praying Speaking that word of cheer, I know God will repay us, While we are drifting here. Song, "Tochter Zions," choir. Prayer, the presi lent, Sister Eblers. .' 'Sung of the ReConference deemed," choir. Speech, President C. P. Ferrin. Speech, Sister B. translated Lucy by Brother R. Young, P. Haag. Piano solo, Elder Spencer C. Tenor solo, "If thou didst Clawson., Jr. love me," E. P. Ferrin. Violin solo, Frau Salzuebrod. Speech, Brother R. T. Haag. ClosSong, "The Beautiful City, choir. Krain-ackMarie Counselor First ing prayer, -- e. The eighth number on the program was rendered by a friend who is an accomplished violinist. A hearty encore was tendered the performer, to which she responded. At the close of the program the chairs in the hall were quickly carried to an adjoining room and gave place to tables spread with the dainty repast of "Mormon coffee," cakes and sandwiches. Those present were not long in availing themselves of the feast, and soon the sandwiches were but a memory. The people did not vanish with the banquet, however, but remained to hear a few impromptu numbers from the choir and a SUCCESSFUL CELEBRATION. few remarks by Brother R. T. Haag. The The Relief Society of the Church of early hour of one a., m. saw the last of the Saints was or- guests under way for home and a good but Jesus Christ of Latter-dashort night's rest which it is hoped they all ganized on the 17th of March, 1842, by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Of course this day enjoyed. Chariton P. Ferrin, is remembered in a fitting manner by the Per W. C M. several branches of the society as each year Berlin, July 19, 1901. rolls around. the to we are pleased To this rule, say, Relief Society of the Hamburg, Germany, NOTES AND NEWS. branch of the Church was no exception, Mrs. Colby, Miss Muller and Mrs Maniand accordingly had a yrogram and enterla M. Ricker, the latter the well known tainment arranged to take place as a fitting commemoration of the 59th anniversary of attorney of New Hampshire, are spending its organization on the date above given, the summer in California. and in the year of our Lord 1901. Sunday After the great suffrage meeting in Buffalling on 17th of the month, and the regufalo, September 9 and 10, there will be a lar meeting day of the members of the conference September 11 and 12, and on society being Tuesday, it was decided to Mrs. Se wall and Mrs. Fannie hold the entertainment on the 19th instead September 13 Humphreys Gaffney are planning a large of the 17th. in the interest of the Woman's The Relief Society of Hamburg, like meeting Council. most societies in the world, and away from the bulk of the people of the Church, labor Mrs. Craigie (John Oliver Hobbs) has under many unfavorable conditions and been elected a member of the Council None the less, in spite of just disadvantages. of the Authors' Society. She is the fifth allopnosition it has Pirown, through the woman thus honored, the others being the faithful work of its members to be the late Charlotte Yonge, Mrs. Humphrey The largest Relief Society in Germany. Ward, Flora Shaw and the late Eleanor A. founda on at stands strong present society Ormerod. ation, and has a very bright future before it. Senorita Ysabel Maria De Los Rics, is She On the occasion above mentioned the the first woman postmaster in Cuba. the to handle our was sister, commission of a Lucy honor worthy holds row guest of a received She B. Young, the president of all the societies Gibra. salary at mail a indeed office. was She pleasin the It clerk great displayed as in Germany. $1,200 ure both to Saints and Elders of the branch such executive ability that her appointment to have Sister Young in their midst and en- to take charge of it meets with the fullest joy her companv in a social as well as in approval of the department and patrons of an official way. the office. As before stated this concert was held to Mrs. May Wright Sewall opened headcelebrate the organization of the Relief and presided at a meeting of Society. It had also another object no less quarters women at the Women's Administration worthy, which was to gather in old and Exposition make new friends, that they might all hear Building at the rest of the the and on during so which 7, for August something of the message conferences there,' month will hold weekly many of the Elders are now laboring to the immediate to is which of explain object promulgate in this and other fields. International Council to the It was felt by those present that both the work of the of countries of South and representatives objects were admirably attained, particularCentral America who visit the Buffalo Exa were there as inasmuch ly the, latter, some position, and to interest them to fom large number of new friends present, counin their of whom are now faithful members who then National Councils, affiliaterespective with the intertries, and ultimately visited the meeting for the first time The program as rendered was as follows: national organization. y j Zina Elizabeth Walker. 1901. INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL NOTES. The annual executive session of the International Council of Women was held at the Hague, July 10, and 11. A report by-cabl- testifies to a successful and interesting session, presided over by the At this exLady Aberdeen. ecutive the National Councils of France and the Argentina, formed during the past year, were received into membership in the International. Since the adjournment of the International Council news has come from Bulgaria of the successful organization, after two years of preliminary effort, of a National Council of Women of that country, with with the an application for affiliation The Council. International application came too late to be acted upon at The Hague, but the president of the International Council will at once send for the written ballots of the presidents of National Councils, that Bulgaria may come in as a peer with the other nations in this international band. Through the courtesy of the Board of Women Managers of the Exposition at Buffalo, the International Council of Women opened a headquarters in the Women's Club House on the conExposition grounds on August 7, to of the months August and tinue during information of This bureau September. o'clock a. to 12 11 from will be open daily m. Beginning with August 7, weekly conferences will be held on successive vice-preside- Pan-Americ- J Pan-America- n 