WOMAN'S A TRIBUTE OE RESPECT TO THE LATTER-DASAINTS. Y FROM A FRENCH WOMAN. About four years ago Mrs. Eugeuie French lady, Cleophas, a distinguished She came in connecvisaed our capital. tion with Gentile philanthropic enterprise, but was very much interested in the Relief Society of our Church, and expressed herself to this effect to the First Presidency with whom she obtained an interview. She resides in Wyoming and since her return she has opened her house to the Saints for both religious and social functions. Hearing that a young Mormon sheep-herde- r was very sick, with no one to nurse him but the cattlemen upon the range, she took him to her home and cared for him with the greatest solicitude, but in spite of her efforts he passed away on Fobruary 3, 1901. Mrs. Cleophas having been left a widow at an early age, she was well able to sympathize with the young wife of the deceased man, and being a poetess, she wrote the We give following lines to Sister Park. the original and translation. In remembrance of James Park, dedicated to his widow by their devoted friend, Mrs. Eugenie Cleophas, who nursed him during his last days upon this earth. A si grande douleur, helas que peut on dire? L'ame brisee se tord en un immense emoi ! II semble que jamais on ne pourra sourir. Car le cceure perdu, coeur espardu regarde avec effroi Au fond de 1'avenir la triste solitude Qui atteint pour tonjours celui qui reste en bas C'est un morne abandon, une apre solitude Qui vous saisit, vous garde et ne vous quitte pas. Quandc on s'est tant aimu ! se sentir seul sur terer Comprendre que jamais on ne se verra plus Ne plus se voir! veiller et pleurer solitaire vest l'ombre et le neant. Et cCux qu on a perdus Froids et silancieux, dans leur cercueil de marbre Ne verront plus nos pleurs et notre desespoir Lorsque le soir venu alors que la nuit tarde Vous pensons a l'absent, et renions l'espoir ! Ah ! l'espoir nous l'avionsjusqu'au dernier sourire Du cher mourant. Dans son regarde deja glace Malgre tout, nous cherchions a'y lire. Un rayon d'esperance mais Dieu avait place La main sur cette tete, et malgre nos pneres La froide niort l'a pris; en nous laissant brises Anneanti, perdu, le front dans la poussiere Livied, l'oeil atone, en songeant au passe 1 Ce passe disparu dans la nuit de la tombe, Se presente a nos yeux entoure de bonheur D'lllusions, de paix ! Et quand tout d'uncoup tombe La foudre qui ecrase et detruit notre coeur, Nons restons etourdis sous la main qui nous fappe. Cherchant ce qui a purendre Dieu si cruel Doutant de sa bonte, car son but nous echappe Mais lui avec douceur il nous montre le Ciel. C'est la que le mourant en quittant cette terre Est alle ncms attendre, et d'un bonheur parfait II jouit pour tonjonrs, sans douleur, ni misere Sans souci d'avenir. Et quand il nons laissait C'etait pour habiter la celeste demeure Que Dieu donne a tons ceux qui souffre ici bas 11 est lui bien heureux O pauvre femme plewre Ton epoux envole; mais ne regrette pas. Pour lui mille ennuis de cette vie de peine Ou chaque homme semblable au galcrien maudit Dispute chaque jour son pain, et se demene Pour trouver le bonheur qui consignment le fuit ! Laise le maintenant apes tant de souffrance Gouter un doux repos, infini; eternal; Et Dieu dans sa bonte te donne l'esperance Une fois tout fini, de le rejoindre au Ciel ! 1 Words cannot paint a sorrow such as this, The wounded spirit, writhingas in pain. Sees in the future, one dark, long abyss, And teels that it can never smile again. With startled eyes it penetrates the space, And views the straightened form within the gloom; Lying alone, so far irom her he loved, Within the narrow limits of the tomb. When one has known a husband's tender love, To face alone a future all unknown, Tnrough all the trials that the years may bring. To feel that one must watch and weep alone While he, upon whose strength we loved to lean, Lies cold and silent in the marble tomb. Sees not our tears, nor heeds our wild despair-H- ope leaves us as we contemplate our doom ! 1 EXPONENT. 3 Hope leaves us ! we who clung to hope so long, Aud would not see death in the glazing eye, To his last smile our soul responsive cried, 'Coujage, dear heart, stern death shall pass us by." But God our Father laid a gentle hand, Upon the fevered brow, and so he died; Leaving us crushed, our foreheads in the dust, So stunued that even tears were then denied. With steadfast gaze we looked into the past. Where memory's opened to our view Visions of peace and joy ineffable, To which we now must bid a long adieu And when at last we realized the blow, Which like a thunder-bo- lt had wrecked our life. We asked does God in mercy send stern death, To separate a husband from a wife ? But God. our Father, bade us raise our eyes, The veil was lifted to our wondering sight. And him we mourned as dead we then beheld In realms of perfect bliss and pure delight Freed from his suffering, sorrow, pain and woe, Where earthly cares no longer chafe or fret It is enough ! poor wounded, sorrowing soul, Weep if thou wilt, but canst thou know regret ? store-hous- e been united in working for the poor and needy and hoped that the society would 1 grow and increase. The visiting brethren and sisters gave wise counsel and at the close of the meeting light refreshments were served. At a meeting held the following week Sister Sarah A. Hancock was chosen as second counselor. II. B. H. SAN FRANCISCO RELIEF SOCIETY. Minutes of the Relief Society nieeting held at the Latter-daSaints California mission headquarters, 939 Golden Gate Ave., San Francisco, California, April 19, 1 901, President E. H. Nye presiding, who has for the last four years and a half presided over the California mission. No more for him the fight for daily bread, That chains man like a slave to dull routine. President Nye's wife, Sister Harriet No more for him the fight for happiness Nye, was appointed missionary to the And eanhlyjoys that vanish like a dream Thou wouldst not break into hisquiet rest, California mission by President Wilford Nay, rather wouldst thou face the world alone Woodruff, which position she has honored May God in mercy give thee that sweet hope, up to the present time, of her release. To meet again where partings are unknown. President N)-- called the sisters together for the purpose of reorganizing the Relief Mary F. Kelly. Society, Sister Ida M. Sarll having tendered her resignation as president, and said AN ITEM OF HISTORY. resignation having been accepted. Last Sunday, May 26, 1901, at a fast Elder Joseph E. Robinson, who succeeds meeting in the Temple, we were talking President Nye as president of the mission, about the various trials some people had to was present and assisted in the reorganizaThe opening hymn pass through in this life, but many times tion of the Society. seemed to prove to be blessings in disguise. was "Earth with her ten thousand flowers." I mentioned visiting Sister Eliza R. Prayer by Sister Rawlison. Second hymn, Snow when she was sick in Nauvoo in an "How firm a foundation." President Nye made a short speech and upper room in Col. Markham's house, a room so low that she could almost reach stated the obligations the mission was the rafters as she lay in bed; without car- under to the San Francisco Relief Society, pet on the floor, perhaps a chair or two, a and that the purpose of the present meetsmall trunk, a stand or table, perhaps a ing was to reorganize the society. He also candlestick and a tallow candle. ' I have gave some very pertinent instructions and been told it was in this room she composed kindly advice. If that beautiful hymn, "O my Father." Elder Joseph E. Robinson spoke a few she had had a splendidly furnished room moments after which President Nye prewith every comfort, perhaps she would not sented the name of Sister Mary Hughes, of have been inspired to compose that hymn. 1715 Mason St., as president of the Relief President Snow said it was likely she Society, who was unanimously sustained. would not. Sister Hughes expressed her willingness, Bathsheba W. Smith. with the help of the Lord would do her duty. The name of Sister Harriet Von Den Bergh, of 526 A. 6th St., was presented as REORGANIZATION NINETEENTH WARD. first counselor, who was unanimously susShe signified her willingness to The annual meeting of the Nineteenth tained. office. the Lake Salt Relief Ward City, accept Society, The name of Sister Elizabeth Rawlinsou, was held in the ward hall, May 6, 1901. Barton of and 12 1 9 Lombard St., was proposed as On the stand were Bishop second M. Isabella counselor. She also was unanihis counselors, President Home, of sisters the mously sustained and expressed her willJ. C. Howe and several other Stake Board. ingness to serve and her appreciation for Meeting was called to order by Annie the confidence reposed in her. Next the name of Sister Mina A. Towne, After the opening exercises the Rawlins. time of a for short many giving 305 LarkinSt, was presented as secretary Bishop spoke resaid he of the Relief Society, who also was unanand instructions though good gretted the resignation of President Ann E. imously sustained and she also signified Neal , he felt to accept it in consideration of her willingness to act and her appreciation her other duties, and presented the name of of the trust reposed in her. The name of Sister Young, of Alameda, Annie Rawlins as the future president who She was was vote. a unanimous received presented for treasurer. felt said and she Rawlins sustained, President expressed her very unanimously desire to perher and with serve to but this humble in accepting willingness position, form to her Father the help of her Heavenly hoped duty faithfully. The sisters were then set apart by She then be able to perform her duty. mentioned as her first counselor Sister President Nye and Elder Robison, alterRebecca J. Asper. Sister Asper responded nately. President Nye gave some other instrucbriefly. Sister Rawlins and Sister Asper were then set apart by the Bishopric, as tions and the meeting adjourned. Closirg was also Hattie B. Harker for secretary. hymn, "Praise God from whom all blessAnn E. Neal, the retiring president, ings flow," Benediction, Joseph E. RobinNext meeting wes appointed for spoke at some length of her love for the son. her and she said that and Friday, work May 3, at 2 o'clock p. m. society Mina A. Town:, Sec. counselors aud the teachers had always ! ! e 