WO M A N ' S bound and to wrists; a long . tlieift to tradition, to 'classification oppression, stricken Iroin the manly when she saw thc,m awaken as from r K X ONJ5N 1.. What humanity has received from the freedom of man, will be doubled in extent when the.reedom of woman is' as thoroughly ustahlished in even this one. country. j j of that kind before and he wished me to indulge them for once, another time they should he sent away. I felt that he was right and consented to let them' feast their' eves as long .as they would. After dinner we held a prayer meeting, and at evening illuminated the house with The all the glass lamps in the village. brilliant lights threw over all a mantle of romance, exceeding anything I had ever Brother Crosby an'1. KHen made the seen. instrumental music, and added to the sweet melody of human voices made it seem in reality like a birthday of the beloVed sleep and jjrasp the reins of self- The right of choice government, free, free as divinity itself; choose and the whole world to The right Jo do or not to do; to choose ice tchoose from, she looked down at her own any occupation, climate or companion. The as the unhappy glider hands and found them hound hy a right to ascend jar more, delicate and ethereal hand, hut power to descend in the scale of existence. The precious rh;ht of a voice at the ballot, 'none the less, hound There came in the early pan of this ecu- - and the no less precious power to choose its dawn, just after the her traditional place in society or to reject it tury, horn just at Miu.'ke of the Lexington cannonading had if she will. .When woman has acheived her per'cleared entirely away, a young prophet into , the midst of men, and he taught them that fect liberty, she will choose to be tender, Savior. the heat is ex- in now December, Here, was harmqny, with law; that gentle, intuitional, and, in a word, woman.overnmcnt . . I . r n. . r a 1 nave sun.cieu t ! . 4t .! .1. ! Uine tue tirst Lcessive. It s ,.. li life, mm active ;n too i' in ,mi is v will eschew ri'f public if iiiKZ Ullil ly; she iuhar-Disobedience natural or f her universe. esteem she will sphere as with it. Frances. I discover, is; getting and with the But-sh- e must be al- uneasy'. I pray that .the way may appear ohrdienru tniist vet ic' u!:iv!'rv - - " i - godlike and perfect. j lowed to elect this herself, not be man or .for us to return home, lest our daughters men or even other women, say she ought or become unhappy. man. After returning from the The 2SU1. She will possess and exercise in It' was a doctrine taught hy Jesus to I lis she shall. I was sent for in right of .choice. Sabbath morning service apostles, and reta light hy Him to the full her Sister Grouard was . Then will come, in this beautiful (poth) great haste. 'courageous young prophet.. with a severe chill. She .was The .soul of the young man hung upon century, whose dawn purples'ali the hills of The side with exercised in a singular .manner. the altar of revelation. progress, the ideal woman side by natives exclaimed, "Tufau pau" (That is She is very near, and beAs he looked about the world he felt the the ideal man. In vain I remonstrated; an evil spirit.) hem of his garment drawn away, and he side her stand's the Mighty One, who died told them she had taken a cold, it was an turned about; it was his mother, his wife; to redeem all mankind. I wras "niaro" that Two notes must be sounded at the close ague chill. They said his sister who held out to him in wordless to believe. As the of this brief exposition; let all men and all is stubborn and hard down the curtains to entreaty their delicately manacled wrists. chill left her they let He saw what other men could not see, women guard carefully word and thought A native, sister whispered, dress her. and-hiheart was moved within himhe and when dealing in any wise with the subtle re"Look you under the curtains and see the his brothers had but late borne a similar warfaie. For a word may hasten, an act when it comes out." So great is must ideal. spirit too, the of So, the coming chain. tard, sick woman got out ' irentlv: said and which has been set to the plough, their supersition. The turned hand :7"Niiniltvhf; U'itli the tt t of bed with a hitih fever, a little wondering not weaken in its grasp. Onward!, no mat"Here is the key; unloose thy bands." lili mind. They eyed her very closely and What help he could he gave. But his ter wliqt ht- - the obstructions. saw the devil. blie is last The last word of caution is to that eager thought they own life was hunted and driven and at which sent to spy out recovering. restless woman-heartlast he was slain" for his testimony. There is another sick woman sinking intoxicated with illV11 1 lie ie OlUiionai """M the land of Caanan. and 1Lh every day. She is in the bloom of life and with the beauty and glory of it all, grows reckto the breeze starred and striped O, gladly woud I save and has six children. home the army, to "advice her in his man less political Freedom's insignia, gave in and trample down every her. She is surrounded by unbelievers whose voice would away fearless the sweep prophet in the right; There is a new element m the ordinances of the Gospel, .even echoes even, now are rapidly encircling the opposing force. same house. It is hard to have faith then. even as this evolution; ears our in men's sounded spiritual spiritual globe uu .muj. 1 iivjl oujuitu regiei w c is ethereal and indefinable instead of freedom; and 'as the very keynote of that so in our medicines when she left home. universal human right was sex freedom, being waged with arrows or lead; New Years we celefrom I, 1S52. January .away tave we grown. men few a in earth history We decauthority of choice, vested not with brated by making another feast. bullets Not force. and one each retaliation in but' nor even in men alone, orated Brother Crqsby's house, made.it firesides, not revenge but forts not sex. or smiles color of creed, alike, regardless to win it, white with coral lime, : le jau nene ume ic but our force way to not From the hour the key was given, great but love, which was fare no yo nu tuna." and restless activity has marked every tlns.is the inscription on the keyover half a of the natives were invited and Many hands woman's the barriers There were five put into phase of womanly life." OnTby one seated at the tables. J TM r . have been swept down and obstructions century ago. a tor .seventeen. set tables mi of all ..improve all of science,Therefore, the sum Here and there individuals of "cleared away. house outside the The of little each time. have broken from the ranks, and have art, of all religion is the development was surrounded by the poor, uncouth, of this dead cencreated momentary confusion and trouble man; and out of the ashes beings. It h a trial to bear with their of Progress a rises spirit pure through recklessness and lack of wisdom; tury there alone extreme ignorance, still a little pleasure to man as not us, towards but the battle has been steadily on. Not which paces amuse them. They will, gaze for a half woman as nor and mien, form with powder and shell, not with beating, hi. deified hour at a picture, and you must answer or selfishness; sentiment elevated by Thev must VrfA' MtiPKtimn; ronoerninir it. drum and flying iLg; but with the subtle alone man ideal the coti.e. weapons of .the spirit, the warfare has been but side by woman of the (20th) century, know the history entire or not be satisfied. and the ideal We all agree in wishing our friends in Salt waged. . glormed ;. And What mighty generals have led the content, smiling, Lake a happy New Year. We trust they Homespun. On these ocforces Kliza R. Snow, Susan B. Anthony, are wishing us the same. Karma Smith, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, casions we dress ourselves in a becoming and tasteful manner, ornament our rooms Mary A. Livermore, Sarah M. Kimball A WOMAN MISSIONARY. islands, as we would to receive fashionable and reMargaret T. Srnoot and Lucy stone. Mrs. Addison Pratt onjhe Society, Tt ic inrnrnhnnt on thfr Student Ot these 1S50.1 fined company, all for the purpose of exT that may understand our cus- invited they not problems to deduct from hem. some spiritual had ample, we whom i. One old lady a f lmtii f r irriif of Ati " conclusion. was what being learned as she Vpir-ct- . ttioti invp onh'wvpd: for the first as soon white robe and and impTOvementr-- r Twice today we. finest her donned lime in the world's history, absolute right done, her I received her as I thought we heard the cry of "Pakiia hoi".. made appearance. but were disappointed. -- The of .choice within "the last century. The ay as he coming), (ship knowing did the invited, guests, The natives children's ears are open now. and will be awakening came at the close of the former customs. our of We shall ignorant the Ravai comes into port. century and the close. cf this sees the grand fronr and near. thronged the house, till lar accomplished fact.: to admire he watch to see her tall masts and white sails windows the at in looking Woman received the key to her individuand asked the reeling in the strong breeze, which now felt I annoyed decorations. Therejs no other ality iti the first part of this century," a little chief if he would tell them to: go away. blows fair for.Tubuai'. of again being relieved of raonotany behind her brother in that awakening,;.' Ins for would hope father a as them He plead for accomI have been of vessel. consequently a little behind" in the had never seen anything but the return the . They children. plishment of the whole purpose. ! . - as-wel- ! . - win . ; i i . CC. - . -- 1 i . 1 1 - - -- . heaven-ordaine- d taken-suddenl- ' . s v - , sex-bat- tle -- - . . ' - , -- side-"the- . ! , j -- i M. vJ A A A - WV g i 1 ' " , . . 1 , ; - - . 1 