WOMAN'S EXPONENT. membership fee of ten cents with a request that whether she be still in the flesh or not it be donated at the appointed time, March 17, 1901. Her eventful and useful life closed February 28, 1901. All Fairview lost a mother when President Pritchett died. Euphrasia Day, Sec. AROUND POCATELLO STAKE. On Monday morning, April 22, the Stake officers of the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. started on a tour around the Strike, making the journey by team. There were in the party President Kliza M. Oram, Counselor Matilda Smith and Secretary Martha M. Scadden, of the Stake Board of the Relief Society. We visited in wards the but Stake, owing to eight disease prevalent in the remaining wards we were unable to visit them. We traveled all da', reaching Rockland Monday evening. On Tuesday we proceeded to the meetAt 2 ing house to meet our appointment. with m. convened p. meeting twenty eight in attendance. Singing, "How firm a foundation." Prayer was offered by Sister Florence Beuyou. Singing, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers. Counselor Matilda Smith was the first She exhorted all to live lives of speaker. Saints and to be faithful in keeping the commandments of God. The sisters should keep consecrated oil in the house as a preventive against the diseases that are abroad. Exhorted all to seek a spirit of love and charity towards each other. Spoke on the necessity of attending to our prayers and bore her testimony. Spoke against card playing. President Oram spoke on cleanliness and on tithing. Also spoke on the responsibility of raising families in the ways of God. Sister Edith Harrison spoke on efficacy of prayer; also on exhorting the sisters to make home a home-makin- the g, de- sirable place where, the children would seek, for their enjoyment. Sister Helen Oram spoke of loving one another and doing good to those whom we dislike most. The. ward officers also spoke and felt desirous to do their duty and obey counsel. We next returned to Pocatello and held meeting with the Relief Society of Pocatello After opening Ward, Friday, April 26. exercises Counselor Matilda Smith spoke on the principle of faith and of exercising more faith than we do in cases of sickness, and of the efficacy of the consecrated oil. Counselor Josephine Rosengreen felt she was blessed in being able to attend this We all have a mission to permeeting. form and could do much good or much harm. We should be prayerful and seek to do as much good as possible. Corresponding Secretary Annie Bird felt we had great privileges and responsibilities upon us. Should school ourselves and prepare to become exalted in heaven. Our actions will mark our record and we should live to make a good record. President Oram spoke on the necessity of having the Woman's Building in Salt Lake City. Bore testimony of the Gospel and of the gifts that follow the believer. We should do good for those whom we most dislike. Exhorted all to respect the priest. hood We next met with Dempsey Ward, Suii- - Sister Smith was the first day, April 28. felt to and encourage a labor with speaker those who do not attend Spoke on the ten cent fund, also spoke on the correct training of children in the Gospel and of teaching them to pray and to be obedient. President Oram suggested that a missionary labor be taken by the presidency of each ward and that they visit every member. Exhorted all to receive the teachers kindly. Spoke upon the Word of Wisdom. Secretary M. Scadden encouraged the girls to become initiated in the Relief Society work, they could help much fn caring for the sick. Held meeting with Cambridge Ward Relief Society, Monday, April 29. President Oram spoke against evil speaking of one another. Encouraged the teachers to be energetic. All should inculcate the gift of faith, also spoke of the Woman's Building. Encouraged attendance to all duties. We should use wisdom spiritual and not run into contagious diseases, but see that none are in need. Counselor Smith spoke of the mission of the Relief Society and exhorted all to respect and obey those in authority. We next met with Woodland Ward Relief Society, Wednesday, May 1. The first part of meeting was devoted to business, as there were some vacancies to fill. Counseler Smith spoke on being forgiving and charitable and of being exemplary before our children. President Oram spoke on the organization of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph, also on the necessity of unity and against fault finding with those in authority. Sisters M. Smith, H. Oram and Edith Harrison sang "O my Father." Secretary M. Scadden spoke on the mission of the Relief Society and exhorted all to attend to their duties. Urged teachers to labor with the young ladies and encourage them to become members of the Relief Society. Met with Marsh Center Relief Society, Counselor Matilda Thursday, May 2. Smith felt to encourage those who had come out in the storm to attend this meeting. Spoke on tithing and training children in the principles of the Gospel and teaching them to be obedient. President Oram exhorted the sisters to attend all sacrament meetings. Spoke on the efficacy of consecrated oil in sickness. Counselor Smith sang "The Fisherman and his Child." Sister Williams, of the Y. L. M. I. A., felt we should teach the children to sing. Should obey counsel, and receive office as a blessing and not as a burden. President Oram exhorted all to study and not seek office. Met with the Relief Society of Garden Counselor Smith Creek, Friday, May 3. on the spoke necessity of a conference house in Salt Lake City, also on the necessity of keeping oil and exercising faith in the ordinances for the sick. Secretary M. Scadden spoke of unity, prayer and forgiveness and exhorted all to sustain their officers. Sister Douglas, of the Y. L. M. I. A., encouraged all to attend their meetings and help the presidents. Sisters Nellie Oram and Edith Harrison, of the Y. L. M. I. A., sang, "Nay, speak no ill." President Oram spoke on cleanliness and order and touched on many important Enjoyed doing her duty, had subjects. been blessed in paying tithing. Ward Relief Met with McCammon May 4, at 11 a. m. Society, Saturday, After opening exercises Counselor Smith said she had attended conference in Salt Lake City and heard President Snow speak on the increase of tithe payers Spoke to and exhorted officers some just sustained, them to be diligent in doing their duty and regard their office as a blessing. President Oram spoke of the high calling of a teacher. AH should be united and not stir up strife. They should settle all Relief Society difficulties in the society and not trouble the Bishops with them. Meeting closed with singing "O my Father." Benediction by Julia Hall. The ward officers of sach society felt well aud desired to do their duty. Immediately after meeting in McCammon we started homeward, reaching Pocatello We all felt well and again at 9:30 p m. had very much enjoyed our trip and our labors, and we sincerely trust that some, little good has been accomplished by this labor in this Stake of Zion. May God bless the Relief Society and Relief Society workers everywhere is the earnest prayer of your sisters in the cause of truth. Martha Scadden, Sec. In behalf of the Relief Society. OBITUARY. A TRII5UTE OF LOVK. Sarah Martitia Allen Pearson died at Draier, Salt Lake Co., Utah, February 28, 1901, at the She was a good mother, a pruage of 52 years. dent wife, a woman of sterling qualities aud a firm believer in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. She was a member of the Draper Relief Society, although She was a her labors were of a private nature. peace maker in very deed. Wise in judgment and of a quiet disposition, but one greatly beloved by her family and friends. She was a descendant of the old Revolutionary stock of Virginia and South Carolina. She was the fourth child of Andrew Jackson Allen, of Kentucky, who was one of the pioneers of Utah in 1847, and Delilah Andrus Allen, of IHinois. Her grandfather, Rial Allen, was born in i79 in South Carolina, three years after South Carolina accepted the present constitution, which changed it from a royal province to one of the thirteen original states, and during the second He year of Washington's first administration. was the son of Samuel Allen, of North Carolina, who assisted in the struggle for liberty, and supposed to be of English origin dating back to the colony Albermarle, whose settlers came from Virginia prior to 1663. Archibald Andrus, her mother's father, was born in Halifax, Virginia, on the 9th of January, was the son of Eleazer Andrus, of Virginia, of Scottish descent. Sister Pearson was born February 19, 1849, in Salt Lake City. She with her parents were numShe bered among the first settlers of Draper. grew to womanhood having the same or similar experiences to those of her forefathers and incidental to the early settlers of Utah. She received her education principally under the late Dr. J. R. Park. On the 17th of March, 1878, she was married to Henry Pearson, in Salt Lake City. On the 24th of December, 1869, her first child was born, Henry Allen Pearson, whose childhood was passed at Draper, and who, at the age of seventeen years, graduated at the Deseret University of Utah. He entered the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md., two years later. At the end of six years he graduated and entered the United States Navy, and has risen from cadet to lieutenant. He served with Admiral Dewev in Oriental waters at the outbreak of the war with Spain, and was in charge of the Zafric which cut the cable that connected Manila with the outside world. Since that time eight other children have been bora to her, two daughters and six sons, seven of whom survive her. Her eldest daughter died one year and one month before the mother, leaving a 1771-H- e 