54 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Because they the solos rendered by Mrs. Hull and Miss why are they not chosen ? do follow not the A Savior's Crismon were very enjoyable indeed. precepts, by fine luncheon had been prepared by the living the religion of the Gospel as taught President Young used to tell us good sisters of the ward Relief Society by Him. under the supervision of President Emily to live our religion was the whole law of We need the guidance of the Stevenson which was partaken of by a the Lord. and tables two by day in our labors. The full, Holy day Spirit number, long large others were invited to residences near at example of Sister Zina is before us. May hand and treated to hot dinners and warm we be wise in our walks and conversation welcomes. The day was pleasant and the that we may meet her again, is my prayer conference spiritual and interesting. Bishop in the name of Jesus. ' ' Casto and Elder Wm. Taylor endorsed President B. W. Smith said: "I feel the remarks of the sisters and each of these happy in being here, though if I were to brethren spoke a short time. follow my feelings I should be sorrowful. I miss Sister Zina so much. I could not to see bear her felt it was I suffering. OFFICIAL NOTICE. for to be her in with us possible spirit here and Relief I of the of Mother Secretaries The Stake today, think, too, and Emma mission of each Smith and Sister Whitney Society and the Secretary Sister Smith then related a or branch not jet included in a Stake, Eliza." whether in our own or in foreign countries, significent dream she had recently about are hereby officially notified to carefully Sister E'iza, and then repeated some of prepare correct statistical and financial Joseph the Prophet's sayings to the Relief Sister Smith had enjoyed Sister reports for the current year from January Society. Zina's These in the Temple where they to December company 1901. 31, i, 1901, had worked be to General forwarded must the together, but had not been reports to able travel office much among the sisters. It of the Woman's the at Secretary had been her in Salt Take Utah, City, early calling to work for the dead. Exponent, was She so a if that Asked the happy in that work. possible, complete February, to bless us Loid be of this and great organization may prepare us for every report future event before General ten at the that least awaits days us, and hoped we ready would all prove faithful. Conference in April, 1902. Emmkline B. Wells, President Sarah J. Cannon said: "It is General Secretary. with deep reverence and humility and my heart full to overflowing with love for Sister Zina that I say a few words. I desire GENERAL CONFERENCE RELIEF SOCIETY. to follow in her footsteps and emulate her The October Conference of the Relief example. Her great mantle of charity was October was held enougn tor all trie mothers in Israel, Society Thursday, 3, she always found the good in every one. I 1 90 1, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city, commencing at 10 a. m., Presi- have never seen any one so gentle, loving, dent Jane S. Richards presiding. tender, forbearing and forgiving. But she The morning was devoted to Memorial has gone. She could not stay any longer Services in honor of the late President Zina with us. I cannot speak more, I am not D. H. Young. equal to it. May the Lord bless us all, is The secretary, Sister E. B. Wells, read my prayer. Amen." the address of Sister Zina at the conference President Susan Grant, Davis Stake: "I she last attended, which was published in the agree with all that has been spoken of Exponent, also the two letters that had Sister Zinp. I knew her in the days of my been published this year addressed to childhood. She used to come to our house the sisters, signed by Sister Young and to see the Prophet and those of his faithful her counselors. wives that used to be at our home in President Richards requested that the Nauvoo. I always rejoiced that I had the favorite hvran composed by our beloved privilege of being associated with the faith"Sister Eliza," be sung, "O, My Father." ful wives of Joseph here, and I want to be Prayer was offered by President Rebecca with them hereafter. I loved Sister Zina, Standring, of Alpine Stake, followed by she was always willing to go where duty the hymn. "When first the glorious light called her. It did not matter what kind of truth." of weather or under what circumstances, it President Richards said: "We've decided was all right. Let us try and learn all we to devote this morning to a Memorial can here, get knowledge, light and intelliService to speak of our beloved President. gence. We will take that with us when we If we should do as we feel we should not go hence. ' ' be able to speak at all, but Sister Zina Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie: "Sister Richards would wish us to go on with the work she has asked me to speak of mother. The has doni so well, and therefore we shall word "mother" fills my heart to overflowendeavor to carry out her wishes, and to I would like ing. Her whole life was in itself a perfect, follow in her footsteps. a beautiful poem, which, if each leaf were Sister Home to be the first speaker." President M. Isabella Home, Salt Lake taken separately by us, we could make our Stake, felt inadequate to speak upon the lives sublime. I have no words to express "Sister Zina was her tenderness for me, the only mother I subject presented. ever knew. May we all live to follow her spiritual and a chosen spirit to come forth in this day and age of the world like many perfect example and prove worthy to be She associated with her hereafter, is my others whom we have known. found never fault, always passed lightly prayer." Dr. R. B. Pratt: "I have often wondered of others and tried not to faults over the how for There is nothing us to many women there were to whom expose them. Sister Zina had ministered when they most in her works over her departure, grieve were great and grand and noble in sickness needed blessing and comfort. There will Let us follow her example, be four special gems in her crown humiliand distress. many are called, but few are chosen. And ty, charity, love and sacrifice. May we all live so as to meet her in the day to come, is my prayer." Sister Lucy W. Kimball: "I am glad to meet with you on this occasion. I can endorse the remarks that have been made. We do not want to see our loved ones linger and suffer, we could not wish those back again who have gone to their rest, however dear to us they may have been. I believe of all our labors that the is the greatest, the progress work Temple for the dead I know by the of the work inspiration of the spirit of God, that they have accepted of our labors. Let us go forward and not backward in this great work, and press on to victory." Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth: "I loved Aunt Zina, not only for her own sake, but because of my parents and grandparents. My mother's sister was a wife of the We know Sister Zina Prophet Joseph. never did or said anything that was beneath a woman and a Mother in Israel. We should do her honor, every one of us and follow her noble example, that we may be worthy to meet her in the hereafter, is my prayer. Amen." Sister Emily S. Richards: "I know we all feel alike about Aunt Zina. We loved to meet with her in our conferences, and she and Aunt Eliza took such interest in the young married women. The first time Aunt Eliza asked me to speak in meeting, I could not, and she said, 'Never mind, but when you are asked to speak again, try and have something to say,' and I did have something to speak about. I feel that I was blest to know them, they had power in ministering, there was healing in their touch. It was a comfort to us all to be in their presence and hear their words of encouragement." President Mary Alice C. Lambert: "I believe if ever there was a woman who did her duty in every respect, our President, Sister Zina Young, did. She was a pattern for us all, I feel it is our loss to have to part with her society, but it is her gain. She has done her work faithfully and well and has gone to her reward, and may we also be true and worthy to meet her when our time shall come, is my prayer. Amen." Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson alluded to what had been read of Sister Zina's last words to the sisters and thought if they would carry out the advice given it would be glorious. Spoke of Sister Zina's visits to her and her children in her sickness, testified of her sacrifices and declared her to be a true Saint of God. Thanked the Lord for the privilege of knowing her, Knew she could be trusted, for she never betrayed confidence or told anything intrusted to her to keep sacred. Her life was pure and her works were deeds of love and charity. She had suffered much persecution for principle, and had been patient, enduring all for the Gospel's sake "May we also be true in passing through fiery ordeals and come off conquerors as she has done." President Julia P. Lindsay, Bear Lake Stake: "I feel to rejoice in meeting with you today, yet I feel sorrowful in thinking of our dear, departed Sister Zina. I have known her since childhood, not in Kirtland but in Nauvoo. I knew her there intimately, and I want to share in the glories that she will enjoy in the hereafter. I know of her goodness, of her integrity and of her truth. We have been kept back to come forth in this day and age of the world. If I 