WOMAN'S "EXPONENT : . iV- jS'.ivcttbcr-i- that, ' Sbe - wasa lahhful Latter-da- y we mVurn her departure. and She Ladies' the "f Association in Youn.; ..resident a for former ten lioiue; (her .years, and j',): ', '.; counselor in the Lleoiciown Relief Soeictv, V;,;,.! position !ic ijlled with honor uptil her ht alili .' .1 mil she resigned her Position fls svi.Nv.is or quiet, retiring dis'uvhion. vet do her duty. to. illi She was the v. ;;l vavs ', A 1 1 -- .' 1 ;. r-ra- children, thiee of.eh;ht ut" er : -- sons and. live attended her flnieral one son, who resides in Canada and did h'.eis. ail w-ho- rot arrive in time to see his beloved mother, and one tear of sorrow on hur marble brow. hat as our Heavenly Kither has ,' .w'.'v,, beloved sister to her heavenly home, our taken to her noble example, and emulate desire' wv that herewith Lh.ii we "express our heartfelt sympathy bereaved husband and children. lie it fur her 1 farther' That these re.sjlli,ons be placed n be a of the sent" to the record society", copy the Womwn's Luom.-one the ti for f.imilv a::d .Mieation. p Si Vi ss iioMiSos, Pres. V.. She wasjxirn October.27, j S3?, 'in Xorie, K.onges-loy- , Njborg, Ann.; Denmark, and joined the Latter-daSaints when eighteen years of Sl.te'catv.e lo'lJtah in i5 settled in'lirigham City in She w;s the mother of four children., two principle., find seeing to it that all children in Zion are acquainted with the same and ae. He aie baptized at the age of eight years. of urged the young ladies and young-meImmcI to be carclul-idaughters surviving her. selecting their .life She" was called and acted as teacher in the Rethat they marry only those who lief Society in u and on March 13, was. conipianion,tile .spirit of lie Gospel, that the caljed as second counselor to Mary Stark, which are full of fruits of their union may grow up fulltof. position she held until she was called to preside over the" Relief. Society of the Third Ward, l'eb. This condition cannot the spirit of God. ;vuti! 25, iS, which position' she held, with hoiK.-be brought about when one of the parents a few lier death, hen her failing ih opposed to 'the Church of Jesus Christy health caused her to request and obtain, honoral.c Asked the blessings of the Lord upon the release. Sle died as she had lived, a true ami faithful and the Saints in general, Latter-daSaint. Her many friends will rniss her, that we may all feel the importance ot living still to know that her sutl'e rings are passed became Saints. the lives of Latter-daa comfort to those who loved her, and thai she is now enjoying sweet rest. President Martindale then called upon The following resolutions were unanimously Stake. President Louisa Haight, of the of the Relief Society adopted at a recent y n 1 months-itefor- Sister Mary Craigg Peterson, who, after an of several months, of dropsy, departed this ill-::e-- -; e sisters-especiall- y y " meeting of the Third Ward of Rrigium City. Kl.solXlloss U7it i -- 1 ' 'k.u;; ii i.kMis. ky i OF . KKSI-MT- fit In ri',j, Our Heaucnly Father has seenour 'be Ilis infinite love and mercy to call home' loved president. Sister Anna Christine Maria Pallisen Jansen, therefore be it That in her death we have lot an eanrest and faithful president and worker of the Keliet rociety, one wiio was ever ready to n.eia t:ie needy and give words ' of sympathy to those in . troufile. a have lost (rue, loving That we, her sister, and that we will miss her words of wisdom and ndviee. Put we know that God d.eth all 1. and vvhile we. miss lier here, she is we things husband and friends in- the her with happy, eternal vorld. That we express our love and gratitude for her unceasing 'labors, present a copy of these resolutions to her bereaved family, and also that a copy le sent to the Woman's Exi'onfm for. publication and a copy be placed on file in the ward record book. Anna S. Thomi son, Sec . tit-solve- SLster Peters'.jn was born in Denmark, May 2", After embracing the Gospel she. came to ' Z'..a to nun.le with tTiechosea people of God. She leaves a husband and four children, three sons and o.ne daughter the youngest child being a boy six. SisttT Mary was a faithful worker as a teacher in the Pleasant Green Ward Relief Society, of Salt hake Stake of Zion. She never shrank beneath the .responsibilities of ktT duties in the 'cause f ' ,. . M i i i - . T.lessed are the dead who die in the Lord froav ::v:i'. forth, 'yea, they rest from their, labors at:d .their works do follow them." ' klSoLt A sert-tf- . I or IONS That as God KLSI I.f.T. a the Woman's in His infinite' wisdom Exionkni for publication and one be placed oil tile in the Relief Society record ". -. . Alvika AN NIK I. S- - Hirst. 'Pres. IZK.MlY. .Sister Annie La.enby died at her- - home in Loa, .She was the daughter of Utah. J )etobcr 2) ioo); ohn Tether and Phebe Oads Tether. .he was born at. Thorn, near Doncaster, England, June jo, 145, joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. June iS6, baptized by Kh.lor Fuhuer and, came to Utah in isGS. on the Kood ship Cvii ititton. She crossed the plains the Platte iron; River, walking most of the way. 1 lie re were n sixty wagons drawn by oxen. in Salt Lake Gallispie's company-arriveCity in September, where she took a room near Ih'wther iietson Lardley in the cventh Ward. She. was married to' John T. Lazenby by 1). II. Wells in the Endowment House, March 1S69,. and went with her husband to the railroad at the mouth of Weber canyon on ' J . W. Young's contract. Tiier. moved to Pleasant Grove Tune iSGo. and 'to Minersville Nov. 1S69, and came to Fremont Valley Nov. iSjS, and located at Loa', which was then a part of Grass Valley Ward, the inhabitants at that time being mostly. Indians.' , She was a faithful Latter-da- v Saint, was the One'" son mother of three sorts and six daughters. i ...... i . i i.x a. ii. oxie oaugnter preceueii ner 10 iue oeuie--i . utuu. She leaves a husband and two sons (one of whom is now on a nrission to South Carolina) and five 'laughters to revere-he- r memory.7 She was a teacher in the Loa Relief Society ever ince its' organization until her health was so poor she could not go as a teacher any longer, but was always a faithful, energetic woman. She was an invalid VfHihout five vmts before her death: '. M. J. Taylor, Pres. ' y w-a- Cap-tainjoh- -- i, iii j-oi- i.. - " ' ANNA CHRISTINK A,, MARIA I'ALLISEN JANS?N". ' Uom'o Pollicpn Tnt1;pn widow, of the late A. A. Jansen, of the Third Ward of Brigham City, died Monday, September 17, at 9:15 ix m., of dropsy, after a lingering illness. fsicf- - 1 -- Jr. . ; " saw til. to. call our beloved sister to the Great Beyond, we all share in the grief of her depa; r:re iro-rs vi t iov when wi! think of hei bein'r in .happiness indier 'heavenly home.' ... lliulhwe will.uiiss her as a faithful worker and a :e'ar associate'.. we present a copy of these resolutions to her befeaved ;husbaud and family, to her mother, Owi. s, . Relief Society. .Sister Haight was glad in meeting with sisters, and that they had been blessed so much that they had been able Jo build so beautiiul a hall, and that it was so nearly out of debt. The Bishop s counselor, T. W.- Robbins, congratulated the sisters on the' haste in which they had .been enabled to complete their building-- and wrs also greatly inter- - . - oicu hi liie i e 1 i 1 it 1 iv5 a ji i..-iiuv.- ui regarding the responsibility of the parents in Israel teaching their children the principles of the 'Gospel, and the fact that if any of our children, through our 'failure to dov these things, should prove untrue to the principles of truth, that God would require their sins at our hands', or rather would Asked the. visit their sins upon our heads. blessing of the Lord upon those who had labored so hard to complete their building; also u;,on all he officers, both ward and Stake, and upon all that had a desire to further the kingdom ol'God. ' - NEW HALL DEDICATED." Minutes of a meeting of the Relief Society of 4he Oakley Ward, Cassia Co.. Idaho, hall, the principal held in the objedt being the dedication of the building to the purpose for which it was erected, President Isabel Martiudale presiding. Singing by the congregation, "The happy day' is rolling on." Opening prayer Singing, by Patriarch Franklin iBrim. of mankind" "Behold the Savior President Martindale felt pleased that the hall had been so far completed that we could have it dedicated, and knew that the Lord had bles?ed the society in the endeavor to build a comfortable place to meet in. She then called upon Stake President AVm. T. Jack to offer the dedicatory prayer. President Wm. T. Harper hoped jfet the continue with the spirit of God would Said meeting as it had to. the present. that he sometimes thought that if it were not for the great mercy of our Heavenly Father, it would be useles, for us to attempt to do good, as we so often failed: but God is full of charity and mercy and is and is willing.to help us as long as we have a- spirit of repentance and are in heaven willing to go before our Father and acknowledge, our sins and ask Him m faith for the blessings we need, for the time is fast coining when we must live by faith, withsuch faith that we .can go before God out doubt, knowing that we will, receive the blessing that we need. It is this power earth. that is going to make us great on the Read a few paragraphs from the 'DocUuic and Cowmnts regarding the responsibility the of parents in' teaching 'their childrenconseand the principles of the Gospel, of quence of a failure otUhe part in Zion in not teaching their children these new-societ- " long-sufferin- - the-paren- ts Brother George Craner, who had labored so. hard as. a member ot the building committee, was called upon, to speak a few He refeired W the adverse conwords. ditions the committee had to 'meet during the erection of the building.- - Said that: there was almost enough money on hand to settle for the building. President Martindale felt pleased with the the meeting and for spirit manifest during 'c rrivul tl... 0 T1 Oil flVPH llVj tlie Hit: nntiv iiiij brethren. - Said that the sisters had always been willing to do their part in the erection "of the building or any other labor required : . .of them. Brother George Craner proposed a vote of thanks to Brother George Bunii for the energy displayed in laying the brick. Carried. Singing, "Come go with me beyond the sea." Benediction by Brother George Bunn. J. X. Prick, Sec. pro km. " 5 11 1 1 -- ...' -- g, RELIEF SOCIETV ANNUAL REPORTS. has come for annual reports and it is important that reports be sent in as soon as' possible after the close of 1900'. It is not only necessary to have 'Stake reports, but "wherever a Relief Society has been organize outside Stakes, whether in the United States, British Empire, Scandinavia, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, the islands of the sea, 1 reports for Jthe year 1900, from January to December 31, are expected at Trtime head-quarter- s. Q ' .' - IC. - B. Wells,.; , - ; General Secretary,; 