WOMAN'S KXPONKN1 7S. ' - i 1 . , the"first month of the new year tli.it it is iiil VJ Jt Ml V . V V J -W V - . - - - less one nd more space or a d uly paper. ' Relief Society .conference ot the in held th Maricona Stake was 4 , ' . Decern hall Relief Soviet) .Mesa her 20. 1000. Stake President Mab.l Ann i x.inu. ..;,?;.w i ,.v..r-o- ,r : ,.r 1 ,.,.tiH,r I(f a V, ,..-,- ! , x.Mti.-tv,,.- membeis. The wards were all represented H , for the Sn-anne- and- re- ciiil-dreufreverene- e. the duties s The Relief Society of Pueblo, Colorado celebrated the ecoul anniversary f die organization,, on 'Tuesday, December 4, It had been organized two years on 1900. July 3, but on account of sickness and deaths; we concluded to put it off for awhile". .The sisters arranged a program to be followed by refreshments. The admittance was by invitation, and the hall was " . quite comfortably filled. President L izz?e Hart .welcome they e- 110:11 a gre.a munoer no w ot guests, ' f f1 ' ! '1 ! :' ot : , 1 w , regulaily, we had ;iven thm invitations and President Hart gave each, gentleman a white buttonhole bouquet souvenir." " First Counselor Amanda Coleman took The sifters whose charge of the program.names were on .the program all did their parts well. Several of "the bre'threa poke and s'aid they were certainly surprised at the growth of the society, which now numbers three times us. many aV when it was organized; also our Ihshop, John T. Hart was present" and 'he spoke briefly 0:1 the organization of our Relief Society and gave us some good instructions which were very While refreshencouraging to the sisters. ments were being, laid on the tables by ' - , Counselor Lillie Coleman, by Treasurer Turner," John Sc. signs and bister Sarah Hall, President Hart's son, Willie, -- entertained thecomn,nv with - '- 'Wn, .c Wv.WVJ,W4i.l V l1, 1 " An exercise 'on the "Hook oj Monnon wasgiven by members of the Twenty-FourtWard Primary. Song by Leah AslUon. Recitation and song, "The Rosebud," by four little girls from the Third Ward. Sister Olive Derbidge told a pleasing Cinistmas story, which was very much enjoyed by the childiei.. after which Master Asper gave a selection on the organ. President relt then addressed the conferSdu sl;e hadisteneu with pleasure ;'uee p toe exercises.. Told the children that, it' they wanted to be haopv on Christmas dav tkey should visit the poor and the families of missionaries, and try. to make them happy. Slid as there were so many sick in our midst would give them a mission to . was cieierreci. lister Margaret Jones was chosen treasurer. Matilda Olsen was then set apart as president, Sister M. E. Adams : as. first' counselor, Sister Crassiah Jones' as second counselor and. Sister Margaret Jones as - treasurer. It was then moved and seconded .that h ( ' - pray for them. Veda Jones gave a recitation, "Uncle Pete's Plea." entitled, Counselor Lillie T. .Freeze spoke to the children. Asked them to carry cut in their" lives. the sentiment, "Whatsoever ye would have others do to you, do ye even so to thrill," and make it their life's lesson; and also told them they should try to make soaieone happy on Christmas day. Felt to - '. bless teachers and children. After singing, "We thank Thee, O God, tor a prophet," conference was adjourned Kr - three months. Benediction by Brother G Uard. .U the close of the conference packets', of candy wcre'distributed to the children.. Sister Clara Griffith be secretary. Carried. Sh'e was set apart. Sister M. A. White spoke, showing' how we shou'd love each other and our God True happiness comes of God. The Lord has always compassion with the sinner. Our heavenly Father. is the only judge. We must exert our energies that we may Jul fill our. pities. Was pieced with the election of the presvdenf." People of energy are alWe must be , wide awake ways busy. mothers and try to make our children better than ourselves. Tryto realize the responsibility of motherhood." Spoke at length on cheerfulness and control of self. Instil truth and purity into our children. 'We have duties" to the sick and distiessed. Prayed God to bless ourorganization. . " . Coi-ma- n., - - d - ; - . Congregation sang "There is beauty ail around.-Benediction by "Brother William , " Asuworth. Sarah Griffith, Sec. OBITUARY. Slsl-E- ' Alter the tables; were Ella' W. Hyde, Sec. spread) with every ixmuty that heart could desire the guests weie waited upon by three FRISCO RKLIKF SOCIETY. charming young ssttrs, Martha and Maud Hall, and Bessie Coleman, assisted by In obedience to a call from Stake PresiBrother Carl Frank James, f. dent of the Relief Society of ..Beaver, Johnson' and Claude Reienburer. 'C. C. Stake, vaster Shepherd, the sisters After- - supper there Cas- sinking by Cthe andaTair showing of the brethren met in company, andjjlwy.: ;ea-- h .laid every tlie Frisco school house August' 1900, at axiu cAjj.esseu lueinseives as leeimg a, m., with 9:30 of organizing a that it was the most. enjoyable affair that society. they had 'attended which greatly encuiirrfged Elder William Ash worth presided The the sisters' of the society, as every one congregation smg "We thank Thee, 0 .to malce it a;success. prophet." Brother S. A. Chase Benediction was pronounced 'and all left Godrfora oik-rethe opening prayer. ' for their homes feeling happy. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Amanda CoiaN, Asst. Sec, ' Brother Ashworth spoke of organization" theNriouograph. y 1 s t . . ', of the Relief Society bwth financially and spiritttalIy;'restituiion should not be put off until' tomorrow, also many strong testiRecitation by Mercy By water, and song monies were borne to 'the divinity of the by Katie Martin of the same ward. Gospel. WVh uia ;hrious conference. AdAn address on the duties of the children journed for three months. wa-- jjiv'eii by Master Woolley. Anna fv. i'uu.Ku, Sec. Th.' parable, "The lillies ot the field, " was repeated by Mary Grant. I'lKHLo, COLORADO. lt1 tv ... . r.-M- s Ga-pe- l; 1. 1 - e The instrucported with one exception. tions were timely and sueh as would elevate mankind. The .subjects mostly dvvelt upon and' were the moral lives., of our-dve- . bow-man- - t, v;,..;.i... r......'rn, 1 - - The .. " REPORTS MAKICOT'A STAKK, . - " S ' AND. IV A. i'.iiu , .. ,, R. - ieimuueu us uiac e, were nery t ' vgood, then ttuned the meeting ii,t,j the of Minutes of Primary Conference hands of. the sisters, heldin the Assembly President Shepherd was pleased tbve m Silt Luke StaTce, CamHair, DecenvW 15, 1900, President many ji)resent, but would have been l;etter illa C.'Cobb presiding. Said thtv pleased if there had been more. re Cobb', we On the stand witfi President were instructed to come and organize, if tl;"t. 'her counselors, Lydia' A. Wells and Mary 'people wanted, a' Relief Society, thou-'Ji.L "Morris and aids, President Louie B. much gotvl could be done. here. "If lL and May Felt. Counselor- Lillie T Freeze sisters will 'do their duty the Lord u j:i Board. bless them and they can do a great deal of Anderson, secretary of the General Meeting opened by smgmg "Open the giod."' door lor the children; Brother Ash worth put a vote to find Prayer by M aster "Did you think James Hooper. were willing to organize, and all w ere residents favorable. tovtrav. Roll called, twenty-onu wiin seiuimems. .wimucs of Then came the question of a president and Sister Adams nominated Sister Matilda previous conference read and approved. The program was carried out as follows: Olseu. A vote was finally taken and Sister ' ..1.. . "Story of the Life of the Savior," ' by ry. , the Nineteenth wanl Primary. Comments were made and: a vote taken that we have one organization and hold Song by Hdith Grant, "A Miracle." "The Widow of Main" was repeated by meetings alternately here and at the mine. Master Prtiette Goddard. .bister Olsen cuose as counselors Sifter on These "Th'hik M. by E.. Adams and Sister Crassiah Jones. Song, Things; memticrs of the Ninth Ward Primary. A secretary was called for, but the matter I'lvIMAKV CON'FKUKN'CK. . SARAH S. IIARDKK. Sister Sarah S. Harder died .at her residence in Karaas, Summit Co.,. October 28, iyx, "after a long-anpainful illness and severe suffering for rive-month- d s. .' She was born in .Portsmouth, EnglandMarch .3, and was the daughter of Stephen and Elizabeth Biddleconie Spicer, and W billet S. Harder. She leaves a( husband, two married daughters, seven grand cliildren. and mafnv friends to mourn her loss. Two sons precededjier to the gteat beyond. She was a faithful member of the Kam as Relief Society for many years. Sister Harder was'set apart as as.sistant,secretary on March' 7, i83r. and secretarv of the , which sane society on June 16, appointed iSg-position she" held until her death. Iter Relief Society work-wa- s well and faithfully done, and stands' to her honor. ' She came to Utah in 1S6?. and crossed the plains in Rosel Hyde's company."' M. L. rooLSTEXiirLMK!; Stake Sec. . 1 840, the-wif- -- SKFTCH AND RESOLUTIONS. Resolutions adopted by the officers and members of the Georgetown Relief Society in honor of their beloved sister, Hetta Emeline Welker Pur.ii,, who departed this life 'Nov. 17, rooo, at her home, after. ah Hlness'of many years of lung trouble. . Sister Dunn .was bora in the Slate of Iowa, 