WOMAN'S 14 Snow has been present at eight baptisms, six women and two men. She has spoken to large audiences on the street, once in Brooklyn, once at Harlem, New York', has also spoken at several'college meetings in Boston and Newark, New Jersey and in Brooklyn, and is, we think, the first Latter-diSaint sister who has spoken on trie street in these cities or in the Eastern Sister Snow gave us some very mission. interesting items about the Relief Society in Brooklyn, which is doing good work and helping the mission very effectively, as well as looking after the needy. We ex pect soon to have a report from the secre Sister Snow tary, Miss Isabelle Shaffer. has greatly enjoyed her labors and seems to have had the spirit of missionary work. y NEW ORGANIZATION. Jay, Leavenworth Co., Kansas. Sister E. B. Wells: According to appointment a meeting was held for the purpose of organizing a Relief Society at Jay, Leavenworth Co., Kansas, on June 17, 1901, President James G. Duffm, of the Southwestern States mission, presiding. After a few timely remarks the following organization was effected and the officers For president, unanimously sustained: Mollie Stevens; counselors, Miry E Clinkenheard and Mary E. Hill; secretary, Luella Hasty; treasurer, Mary Adams. We would further say that we are en tirely inexperienced as far as Relief Society work is concerned, and would be glad for iny advice you might have to offer and al so to know what is required of this organ ization, any information at any time will be gladly received by us as we are desirous of doing our duty. Hoping to hear from you soon, we are your sisters in the great cause of truth. June Luella Hasty, Sec. 26, 1901. NURSES CLASS. Closing exercises of the Relief Society Nurses' Class, graduating Mav 28, 1901, taught by Dr. M. C. Roberts. Opening exercises, singing and prayer, singing furnished by the Temple choir quartette under the leadership of Prof. C. J. Thomas. Prayer by Sister B. W. Smith. President M. I. Home made opening remarks giving Sister Roberts great credit for the labor she had performed free ot charge and complimenting the graduating class on their work and their pleasing ap"You will be rewarded for the pearance. do. The Latter-da- y Saints are you good not laboring for money alone. I feel to bless you all as a mother in Israel, and ask God to bless you in the name of Jesus." Another musical selection was given by the quartette, "Who are these arrayed in white." This was followed by the presentation of certificates of graduation to the twenty-eigh- t graduating nurses, who prea sented very pleasing appearance in their nurses' costume of blue and white, with white aprons, caps and collars. This was followed by a very pleasing address to the class by the doctor. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde followed in a happy address, and presented to Dr. Roberts, in behalf of the Stake Board, a EXPONENT. et of silver spoons, as a token of apprecia tion, though they felt that they could not repay her for the noble work she had done. She then presented a book, "Gems of Art," to Prof. Tos. Nelson, who had so kindly provided a room in the College buik'ing for them to meet in. Miss Willey, in behalf of the class, pre sented Dr. Roberts with a dozen silver oyster forks and a berry spoon with her monogram. The recepients expressed their appecia- ation in brief but feeling remarks." "Floating" was sung by the quartette. Superintendent Emma A. Empey, made a tew remarks, giving tne lormer ciass high praise for their work and hoping that this graduating class might do as well, and felt sure they would. Counselor Hyde then presented to the superintendents, Mrs. Priscilla J. Riter and Mrs. Emma A. Empey, written testi monials from the Stake presidency of the it-- i i o sue a.ibo aiiiiuuuecuj mai iuc ivenei ouuieiy; members of the class could come to the Temple and be set apart for the work. Mrs. Riter spoke in thanks and en couragement to the nurses, and her re marks were much appreciated. Mrs. Empey expressed her thanks, say ing that she would appreciate the testimon ial more than a necklace of diamonds. Dr. Roberts asked that these testimonials be read that all might have the pleasure of hearing them. They were read by Sister W. Grant. Augusta Mrs. Empey then asked the nurses to report to her when ready for service, as she had constant calls for nurses. It is understood that a new superintendent will have to be obtained, as neither Mrs. Empey nor Mrs. Riter will be able to serve permanently, but will continue to act for the present. Musical selection, "When the mists have ti: 1 rolled away." Bishop Empey having come in he was asked to make a few remarks and responded. President Home called for a vote of thanks to be given to the singers. Benediction by Sister M. Y. Dougall. CELEBRATION ANNIVERSARY. The Relief Society of Chesterfield, Idaho, celebrated March 17, 1901, by holding a fast meeting, President Columbia F. Loveland presiding. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by Bishop J. A. Toleman. Singing, "Mid scenes of confusion." Roll was called and minutes of March 17, 1900, were read. President Loveland hoped all the sisters would bear their testimonies. She knew this was the true Church, if she did not she did not think she would have much to live for. Spoke about laying away two of our sisters since our last memorial day. Counselor Alice Yancey thought it our duty to bear our testimonies, thought if we would do our duty God would bless us. Hoped we would love one another. Counselor Ann Sessions thought we were blest in having the priesthood with us, also thought we were a blest lot of sisters. Stake President Mary A. Call said it seemed but yesterday we held our last meeting, but still a year had gone. She wondered if we had accomplished anything. Said "Let us be better mothers and sisters honor the priesthood and our Bishop. Said this was a day that had been set apart for the Relief Society, hoped all the sisters would be willing to pay their ten cents to help roll on this work, not only in this land, but all over the world. Sister Mary V. Muir knew the Lord would bless us by fasting and praying to Him, thought we ought to sustain our president by coming out to meeting. Sisters Elizabeth Loveland and Ruth Davies bore their testimonies, also felt like doing their duty. The secretary then read from the Woman's Exponent a letter entitled, "A Word of Love and Greeting," from the General Board. Sisters Ada Loveland and Rhoda Moss thought there was a little improvement, Felt but there was still room for more. like doing their duty. Sisters Mary A. Toleman and Rosette Loveland felt they had been blessed in the past year. Sisters Martha Reese, Fannie Call, Etta Toleman, May Campbell and Eliza Toleman all had a testimony to bear and wanted to help make the Relief Society a success. Bishop J. A. Toleman felt we had been blessed here in this ward. Said we should feel thankful to our Heavenly Father for His blessings. Felt like being one with the sisters. Brother Charley Jensen had been edified in listening to the remarks of the previous He was glad the sisters had speakers. such a grand organization where they could counsel together. Said he noticed a in remark the letter that was read about handshaking that it produced a feeling of unity and love, and was also the means of bringing those into our meetings and Sunday School who had never attended before. Brother Carlos Loveland thought we had a good band of Sisters here. Said the sisCounters were storing up lots of grain. seled the sisters to be careful in laying away the dead. Sister Clara Laird said the Lord had blessed her in her affliction. She would like to have her baby prayed for. Brother Josiah Loveland had been edified in listening to the remarks of his brothers and sisters. He had a testimony to bear. The minutes were then read and accepted and the meeting closed by singing, and benediction by Brother Charley Jensen. A party was given in the evening under the auspices of the Relief Society. Alice M. Card, Sec. R. S. AND P. A. REPORTS. RELIEF SOCIETY HAWAIIAN MISSION. The Relief Society of the Hawaiian mis- sion met in General conference at Laie, April 5, 1901, at 2 p. m., President Alice R. Woolley presiding. There were present on the stand the following named sisters from Zion: Jennie Musser, Ellen Cole, Olive Pendleton, Annie Phillips and Annie Madse Meeting commenced by the choir and congregation singing "O My Father" in the native language. Prayer was offered by Nakoi. Continued by singing. The annual report for the year 1900 was read by Luka Kaulune. President Alice R. Wooiley made the opening remarks. "It is through the of the Lord that we meet in our blessings conference today, and I know if we have come here with the proper spirit desiring a blessing from the Lore that we will receive it. Jesus commanded us to meet together 