i! it WOMAN'S EXPONENT. form will be counted as a treasure for us on the other side, and I believe that Sister Zina has laid up many, many treasures of 37 RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The General Conference of the Relief Society will be held in the Salt Lake this kind." President Angus M. Cannon spoke Assembly Hall m this city, on Thursday, October commencing at 10 a. he had next, saying that known m. and at3, 2 meetings m. is desired that each It p. Aunt Zina for fifty years. If ever a Stake should be represented organization woman lived inclined to do her Heavenly its or some one of its officers, by president Father's will rather than her own, it was or a member authorized to report. A Aunt Zina. The speaker went on to pay cordial invitation is to extended all memtribute to the life and character of the debers of to the and the society Bishops and parted, and expressed the hope that her brethren interested in its welfare to be children and children's children shall live present, also to the Y. L. N. M. I. A. and worthy to go where she is. The next speaker was Elder C. W. Pen- Primary organizations. Jane S. Richards, rose, who began by quoting the words of Acting President. the Bible, "Be ye also ready." Aunt Zina W. Smith, Bathsheba was always ready when called upon to atSarah Cannon, Jenne tend the duties of her office in ministering Counselors. unto sick and fallen humanity. She was Emmeline B. Wflls, Secretary. also ready when the time came, to go and meet her Maker. The last the speaker saw of Aunt Zina was in Ogden last Sunday, EDITORIAL NOTES. but he expected to see her again when she is clothed upon by the glory of God. He Through letters received and messages had known her for forty years, and it sent we have been notified of Memorial seemed to him that her life was a benedic- Meetings, in honor of President Zina D. H. tion. In every respect she was a saint of Young, being held by many branches of God. She was indeed a noble and blessed the Relief Society in the several Stakes of woman and her name will be heard among Zion. Everywhere her loss is deeply felt her people always. If we are faithful and and her memory fondly cherished; for more concluded the speaker, we will join than fifty years her name has been a housetrue, her and all the noble ones who have gone hold word in the homes of the Latter-dabefore, and receive the glorious crown that Saints. Let the children of today and of is in waiting for all the good and the faithcoming generations be taught to reverence her name as a Mother in Israel whose heroful. ic example and noble life can never be forThe choir sang "O, my Father," and the benediction was pronounced bv Bishop gotten. W. B. Preston. Visits have been made by the General While the casket was borne slowly out Board recently to Stake conferences and of the building, followed by the family of meetings. Kanab Stake, Sister Elizabeth the deceased, the audience remained seated. J. Stevenson; South Sanpete and Granite The long funeral cortege was formed on Stakes, Sister Lydia D. Alder; to Relief South Temple, making a line of vehicles Society conferences in Southwestern reaching from the Bee Hive House to West mission, St. John, Jay and Kansas City, The interment was made Sisters Sarah Jenne Cannon and Annie T. Temple Street. in the City cemetery, the grave being dediHyde; St. George Stake, Sisters Mary Alice A quartette from Lambert andMargaret A.Caine; to Woodruff cated by Apostle Lund. the Tabernacle choir sang "Nearer, My Stake, Sisters Susan Grant and Lydia D. God, to Thee," and after the coffin was Alder; to Weber Stake, Sisters Emmeline covered, the mourners returned to the city. B. Wells and Emily S. Richards; to Juab Not the least touching and beautiful Stake, Sisters M. Isabella Home and Julia feature of the funeral was the fact that the C. Howe, and to Cassia Stake, Sisters pallbearers were sons of the late President Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Louisa L. Young, who had loved Aunt Zina as a Greene Richards. Everywhere the sisters mother. They were Hyrum S., Oscar B., have been warmly received and meetings Don Carlos, Morris, Lorenzo D. and and conferences have been generally well Alonzo Young. attended and great interest manifested in the work of this benevolent organization. y SEMI-ANNUA- The L Seventy-secon- d , head of this nation, William McKinley, late President of the United States, who died at the city of Buffalo, in the State of New York, on the 14th day of September, 1901, of mortal wounds inflicted upon him by an assassin; and "Whereas, it is fitting that the people of Utah, sharing with the people of the Union and of the world the universal grief upon a misfortune so unexpected and so overwhelming, should be afforded an opportunity to manifest their veneration and love for the illustrious dead, their detestation of the hideous crime that has laid him low, their sympathy for his stricken widow, the crushing sorrow that fills their hearts in contemplation of a national calamity so appalling and the gratitude that the wisdom of the fathers, foreseeing such dreadful possibilities, provided that the government should not be destroyed because of the uncertainty of human life; and "Whereas, the President of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt, has appointed Thursday, the 19th day of September, the day upon which ihe remains of our dead President will be consigned to their final resting place at Canton, O., to be observed throughout the United States as a day for holding memorial services; Now, therefore, in obedience to sacred duty, in deference to the desires of the people and in conformity with the proclamation of the President, I, Heber M. Wells, Governor of the state of Utah, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the laws of this state, do hereby proclaim Thursday, the 19th day of September, 1901, to be a day of humiliation, of fast, of mourning and of prayer, to be observed as a legal holiday in this state, and I earnestly recommend that on that day all labor be suspended and all places of business be closed, and that the people assemble in their places of worship and render such tributes of devotion and reverence to the will of the Father, and such marks of respect to the memory and character of our late devoted President as they may deem appropriate to the occasion, In testimony whereof I have here-(Sea- l) unto set my hand and caused the great seal of the state of Utah to be hereunto affixed. "Done at Salt Lake City this 16th day of September, 1901, of the independence of the United States, the 126th, and the sixth year of the state of Utah. "By the Governor. Heber CONFERENCE. Semi-annu- Confer- al Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints will commence on Friday, October 4, at 10 a. m- in the Tabernacle in this city. Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith, First Presidency. ence of the - M. Wells-J- . T. Hammond, Secretary of State." A DAY OF PRAYER AND MOURNING. GOVERNOR WELLS' PROCLAMATION. MEMORIAL SERVICES. In answer to an inquiry as to the more fitting day for the people of Utah to ob- serve as memorial day, Governor Wells received the following word from the late President's secretary, George B. Cortelyou: Buffalo, N. Y., September 15, 1901: Hon. Heber M. Wells, Governor of Utah, ANNUAL BUSINESS MEETING Salt Lake City, Utah: Thursday, September 19th, is the day set for funeral serThe regular annual business meeting of vices at Canton, O.; that would be proper the National Woman's Relief Society will day to set apart for mourning and prayer. be held on Monday, October 7, at two George B. Cartelyou. o'clock p. m,. in the Salt Lake Assembly Governor Wells thereupoq issued the folAll officers and memHall in this city. bers of this society are invited to be pres- lowing proclamation: Whereas in His infinite wisdom it has ent. pleased the Almighty to permit to be reE. B. Wells, moved from this life the great and good General Secretary. OFFICIAL NOTICE. Stake Presidencies of the Chutch of Saints: Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y To the Dear Brethren: Agreeable with the proclamation of His Excellency, Governor Heber M. Wells, declaring Thursday, the 19th inst., a legal holiday, and recommending that all labor be suspended and places of business closed, and that day be sacredly observed as a day of humiliation, of fasting, of mourning and of prayer, I ask that you hold memorial services in your several Stake houses, as evidence to the Lord of our great sorrow for the loss the nation has sustained in the untimely removal from 