W oman s xoonent o The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Natio n Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST CONTENTS. PRESIDENT SNOW'S ADDRESS. President Snow's Address Obituary . and News Kansas Relief Society An Interesting Reunion R. S. Report ... , N. 17 18 Notes 18 Mary E. Smedley Alice Hard) Thoughts on Missionary Work.. .L. D. Alder New Internationalism. . . .May Wright Sewall Autobiogrophy of Sarah. B. Lay ton The Thirty-Thir- d Annual Meeting Editorial Mrs. Sewall' s Visit A Happy Birthday Party Editorial Notes Poetry The Woman Who Nagged Ella Wheeler Wilcox E. B. W. When Old Friends Meet 19 19 19 21 22 2.3 24 20 20 21 17 19 THE WOMAN WHO NAGGED. Oh, I know a certain lady who is reckoned with the good. Vet she fills me with more terror than a raging lion would, The little chills run up and down my spine whene'er we meet, Though she seems a gentle, creature, and she's very trim and neat, And "she has a thousand virtues and not one ' acknowledged sin, But she is the sort of person you could liken to a pin. Aud she pricks you and she sticks you in a way that can't be said, If you seek for what has hurt you why you cannot find the head ! But she fills you with discomfort and exasperating pain If anybody asks you why, you really can't ex- plain ! A pin is such a tmy thing, of that there is no doubt, Yet when its sticking in your flesh you're wretched till its out. She is wonderfully observing; when she meets a pretty girl, She is always sure to tell her if her hair is out of curl; And she is so sympathetic; to her friend who's much admired, She 13 often heard remarking. "Dear, you look so worn and tired." And she is an honest critic, for on yesterday she eyed The new dress L was airing with a woman's natural pride, She said, "Oh how becoming !" and then gently added. "It Is really a misfortune that the waist is such a fit." Then she said if you had heard me yester eve, I'm sure, my friend, You would say, my friend, I was a champion who knows how to defend." And she left me with the feeling most unpleasant I aver That the whole world would despise me if it had'nt, been for her. Whenever I encounter her, in such a nameless way She gives me the impression I am at my worst ! that day. hat that was imported (and which cost me half a sonnet), With just one glance from her round eyes becomes a Bowery bonnet. She is always bright and smiling, sharp and pointed for a thrust. Use does not seem to blunt her point nor does she gather rust. And the I wish some haples specimen of mankind would begin To tidy up the world for me by picking up this pin Oh ! ! Ella Wheeler Wilcox. On Wednesday afternoons, August 7, 14, and 28, the International Council of Women will hold meetings in the assembly rooms at the Exposition. 21 Pan-Americ- Given at Saltair, July 9, 1901. My Dear Sisters, Officers and Members of the Relief Society: I appreciate the privilege of being able to spend an hour or two in your company this afternoon, and I trust you are all enjoying yourselves today. Proper recreation and amusement are good things, and I am glad to see you sisters indulging in a little rest and recreation, for you who work so hard day after day in your homes and in the Relief Society certainly deserve all the enjoyment you can get. Since receiving your kind invitation to be present here the thought has impressed itself upon me that the brethren of this Church, myself included, have been wonderfully favored of the Lord in having the companionship and assistance of such faithful, loyal wives and mothers as he has blessed us with. It is difficult to imagine what we should have done, or what progress the work of the Lord would have made, without them. When we have been absent on foreign missions, their missions at home have generally been no less arduous than ours abroad; and in the midst of trial and privation they have exhibited a fortitude and self-helthat has been truly Thank God for the women of inspiring. this Church That is the way I feel today as I join in this assembly and in accordance with your desire, offer a few remarks. I understand that one of the objects of this excursion is to raise funds towards the proposed Woman's Building in Salt Lake City. Let me first say a word or two in reference to that. As you all doubtless conknow, I have, as Trustee-inTrustributed a choice piece of land facing the Temple of God, on which to erect a structure that will be suitable as headquarters for the Relief Society, Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association and the I felt it was right Primary Association. and proper that you should have a building in which you could do your business, receive representatives from branch societies and distinguished visitors from abroad, hold council meetings and for various other purposes, and it gave me much pleasure to aid you to the extent of furnishing a I am glad beautiful site for the building. to note that 'you are making strenuous exertions to raise the requisite means for this purpose, and if you are all united and liberal in your feelings, I do not think you I would encourwill find it a hard task. age every member of these organizations to assist in this work. I would also invite every Bishop to assist you in obtaining sufficient means to erect a magnificent edifice that shall reflect credit upon our women and attract the admiring gaze of the great and noble of all nations who may visit Zion. I am told that a number of ladies who are not members of the Church have contributed very generously towards the building, much to the gratification and appreciation of those who have the matter in hand, and this ought to prove a stimu p ! t, No. 3. 1, 1901. lus to those who are in the Church. I hope to see a handsome structure reared and I anticipate soon 'having the pleasure of meeting with you in it. Success to you in your efforts in this direction You who are present today are members of the oldest organization in the Church outside of the Priesthood. The Relief Society was organized nearly sixty years ago, with nineteen members (my sister, Eliza R. Snow being the secretary) by the Prophet Joseph Smith, under the inspiration of the Lord; and from that day to the present it has gone on without interruption growing in strength and usefulness until today it is recognized as one of the most powerful forces for good in the Church. You are now 30,000 strong I am told, with a building fund of nearly $5,000, and with upwards of $:oo,oco worth of property in your possession. In addition to this you are the only ones among the Saints who are doing anything in a financial way against a day of famine. Your work in this direction is most commendable, and I hear as a result that you have 103,783 bushels of grain, together with an amount of flour and beans, safely stored away against a time of need, as well as $3,331 to I underexpend lor the same purpose. stand that in some few instances your labors in this direction have been interfered with but I hope that hereafter there will be no occasion for complaint on that point. The mission of the Relief Society is to succor the distressed to minister to the sick and feeble, to feed the poor, to clothe the naked and bless all the sons and daughters No institution was ever founded of God. with a nobler aim. Its basis is true charis love of Christ, and which true the ity, that spirit has been manifested in all the ministrations of the society among the people. The Apostle James said that "pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this: ''To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Accepting that as true, the members of the Relief Society h ive most surely exemplified in their lives pure and undefiled religion, for they have ministered to those in affliction, they have thrown their arms of love around the fatherless and the widows, and they have kept themselves unspotted from the world. I can testify that there are no women in the purer and more world thau are to be found within the ranks of the Relief Society. It has always been a source of pleasure to me to notice how faithfully you sisters of the Relief Society have stood by the servants of the Lord under all circumstances. You have ever been found at the side of the Priesthood, ready to strengthen their hands and to do your part in helping to advance the interests of the kingdom of Gcd; and as you have shared in these labors, so you will most certainly share in the triumph of the work and in the exaltation and glory which the Lord will give to His faithful children. The Relief Society has been and s one of the most valuable adjuncts to the ! God-fearin- g . 