WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 92 Sister Lucy Heppler-said- ; "No doubt all have taken in the spirit of this conference." "Spoke of this conference, and of the influence of .these meetings; of life and work of mothers at' home and the many duties devolving upon iis. AVas glad to hear good reports; Spoke of the famine iii India," fl(xxl in Galveston, also, of returning to Jackson County and of the second coming of Christ. Said, "Of course we must have Let a house, to be a beacon to the world. The evil one us go oh in this great work. is trying to overcome our children, not only teach but fast and pray for our children." President Sorenson made closing "remarks. She was pleased with the instructions given. Spoke of the money to be gatherer! for the house. . A vote of Minutes read and approved. thanks Was given to Brother Jones and choir. Singing, "Our God we raise to Benediction by Sister Laura Thee." Staples. :.. Maky Swindle, Sec. -' r . . o . Minutes of the Relief Society conference of the Hawaiian Mission, held in the Laie meeting house, October 5, 1900, President Alice R. Woolley presiding. Meeting commenced by singing "Stars of morning shout for joy." Prayer by Sister KaJua Continued by singing "Ye who are. called to labor and minister for God." Minutes of last conference, held October 7, 1899, were read and approved. Sister Alice Woolley said, "Through the mercies of our Ileavenlv Father we meet again in our conference to be fed the bread of life. I am thankful to our Heavenly : . Father for His kindness during our past lives. We meet together to encourage one another and to listen to the instructions We are a blessed that will be given us. people in being privileged to' live on the, earth in these last days, and we are receiving great blessings each day, and the greats est of these blessings is the privilege we have of embracing the Gospel of Jesus Christ. We have been baptized into the true Church as Jesus said was necessary, as recorded in John third chapter fifth verse: 'Unless a man is born of the water and of the spirit he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' If we read the newspapers we can see that the end is near at hand, therefore let us ever be on the watchguard. During the mouth of June last, I in company with Sister Williams and Pualvia, visited the Islands of Hawaii and Maui. We visited among the people, encouraging them and I was very much pleased to see the interest the young girls were taking in the Relief Society work. This is a work that will help us as members of the Church of Jesus Christ and I exhort you all, my sisters to be faithful, and may the Lord ' ng, . Woolley. ' " ; Kumber present two hundred and. sixty- - one. Monday .morning; October 8, 1900, an officers' meeting Was held :'a$ the Mission , House at nineVclock. There- were eighty present, consisting of the local and visiting sisters. The spirit of the Lord was with us in rich abundance and a well prepared pro, gr?.m was rendered, consisting of songs, speeches upon the principles of: the Gospelj - testimonies and encouraging words from a number of the sisters. Some valu able instructions were gi en by President Alice Woolley and Sister Williams concerning the Relief Society work, its blessings and benefits and the duties of the officers, teachers and members in the same, and exhortations to the mothers to teach their children correct principles and to have faith in the Priesthood of God, so that in times of sickness they would rely upon the adminisv tratious of the servants of the Lord. After meeting a lunch was. served by the " white sisters to all present, both to the sisters and a large" riumber of brethren who had come to say "aloha nu before leaving for. their several homes. A feeling of brotherly and. sisterly love .was manifested by all and many were the hearty handshakes and a God bless you as we separated, feeling we had been fed with the bread of life and that this was the best conference we had ever had. Alice R. Woolley, Pres, Elizabeth Williams, Cor; Sec. Laie, Oahu. Nov. 12, iqoo. and . Three branches from Hawaii, six from Maui and tour from Kaui were reported by their representatives as being in a prosperous condition, all working unitedly and striving to earn' on this great work acceptably before our Heavenly Father. Sister Kealohapauole reported her mission to fcohala and Hamakua, Hawaii, as successful, followed by Maunahina, a missionary to the same district. They traveled among the people and tried to encourage them in their labors, exhorted them to be faithful. "We were blessed of the Lord on our journey and did hot lack for anything." Sister Fernandez and company, of Awaiolina; then favored us with a song, GRANITE stake. "Beautiful Eden." Ob've Pendleton was pleased to , Sister The conference of the- meet with us today and asked the blessing Reliet Society of Granite Stake was held of the Lord upon ns all. in the Taylorsville meeting house, Novefh- Sister Williams made some encouraging .ber 10, 1901, President Emma S. Wood remarks andTeported her labors on Hawaii ruff presiding. Meeting convened at 10 and Maui. Felt that she had been abundo'clock a. m. Singing "Redeemer of blessed of the Lord while she had been Israel." antly Prayer was offered by Stake on her mission. She had been privileged Counselor Edwin Bennion. Singing, "We to visit, three of the Islands of this group thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." and met with the people in their homes as ud were StakeCounse--- ' Presentron the well as in their meetings. She exhorted all Isabella ot Edwin BeiinioiMjresident to be faithful and help with this' great Home, of the Salt Lafestake" Relief Sociwork. Bore her testimony to the divinity ety, President Woodruff Counselors Mary of the Gospel. P. Young and Katharine H. Brockbank, The Kahana society was reported by Secretary Armeda S. Young' and Treasurer Poopuu. Maria B., Winder, of the Granite Stake Sister Hannah Makanoe gave a descripPresident E. Pixton, of Relief Society, tion of her trip to Zion in company with her Taylorsville, and most, of the presidents of mother. Gave a synopsis of her labors and the different waids were present experience there. She 'was very much Roll called, Showing all the Stake officers affected;-ha- d come here on business and in Minutes of present, 23; local officers'23. tended to return to Zion where the rethe morning session of the former confermains of her mother lie buried in Utah soil. ence, held .August 1, 1900, 'read an Spoke oh the principle of gathering and of accepted. the condition of Hawaiiansat Josepa, Utah. President Woocjruff made opening "In Zion we have .trials, but they, only She in her kind, welcoming way. make us stronger." Spoke of the blessing's was pleased with the minutes .of the las t to be obtained in the Temples. Exhorted, conference. Read a business letter from all to be faithful and to carry on the great the General Board relating to the Woman'k work our parents had begun. Made some very interesting reBuilding. Sister Minerva Fernandez was thankful marks and gave instructions concerning she had been privileged to become a memSaid they were very anxthe building. ber of the Church of Jesus Christ. We ious to get the foundation in this fall if are told he that has faith, repents and is possible. Regretted being obliged to abbaptized, will be saved: but he that sent herself from- - the afternoon meeting, not shall be condemned, She enbut as the monument of President Wooddorsed the remarks made concerning the ruff was to be dedicated that day she must young girls joining the society and assisting excuse herself. She felt proud of the sisthe in great work. ters of Granite Stake, and loved them. ReSister Woolley made; a few dosing re joiced in the kingdom of God and loved to second-quarterl- " " . -- all. X Ruth Kauhine', president of the Laie society, reported said society in a "good condition, i "We hold our meetings weekly, havt gpod programs arfcl endeavor to take carfejof the poor in our midst. " ipister Hattie Davis, of Awaiolimu, said we observe Saturday of each week as our meeting day, and we have a full attendance. " : by-singi- ' vis Our membership extends over one hundred. We take care of the poor and needy, widows and orphans and assist in taking. care of our missionaries.' ' She 'was very pleased to meet again in this capacity. lister juHa Wilder reported her mission . marks and meeting adjourned and benediction by President Samuel K. ' . -- - , them." u. S. HAWAIIAN MISSION. bless - Said ary labors in the." Island bPKatrai. "Wu found the sisters in a favorable con- 'dition, and as a rule the people were ener getic 111 their lapors.' Sister Ellen Cole, desired the faith and prayers of all, that she might be able to say something that would be beneficial to all persent. I endorse the remarks of Sister Wilder in regard to our labors in Kauai.' The Saints were kind, thoughtful of us, and we did not suffer for anything that was necessary for us to carry on our work." She felt thankful that she had been privileged to spend a portion of her time among this people, was thankful that we met today under such favorable circumstances. Sister Oliver, of Waikiki, reported that society as follows; "We meet each Thursday of each week. Our society is fully organized and I am pleased to say that a goodly number of our members are here today. We help the poor and needy and there are some widows and orphans in our midst, and we try to do our1 duty towards . emarks . ' , be-heve- th ; - ' .7 "v. 1 