Wo 1 The Ballot in the Hands d XDonent Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1901. CONTENTS. A Story of Unrequited R. S. Reports Love Obituary Alpine Stake L. D. Alder 33 36 E. H. Goddard Emma Featherstone 39 39 Emtorial Impressive Funeral Services Conference Notices Editorial Notes A Day of Prayer and Mourning. Memorial Services A Terrible Tragedy Tabernacle Memorial Services 36 37 37 37 37 38 39 Poetry Sunshine from Above Our Beloved Mother N. 33 Ruth M. Fox 35 For the Exponent. SUNSHINE FROM ABOVE. The sunshine streams upon my soul, Which opens to its welcome ray; It thrills me through, it lights the whole As doth the sun the summer's day. My soul exults, responsive sings, As if to burst the bands I feel; My morning psalm with music rings, M y even song doth richer peal ! 'Tis praise and prayer in one combined, (For Father lives He hears my cry) And these are every day enshrined. Around my Altar built quite nigh ! Jerusalem is far away, ! But in my quiet home I built, A rare shekinah to His name; Beneath it buried all my by Love's celestial flame guilt-Cons- umed ! My heart is His, though weak am I, His strength is mine in life's rough way, And I shall triumph by and by. 10 share with Him unclouded day N. A STORY OF UNREQUITED Scotch descent, his forefathers having fled to Ireland for peace during the turbulent times that were such a bane to Scotland. He was the youngest of the family, had been the household pet. But when the older brother, who had come over to America, had gathered some wealth, he sent the means to the home he still loved fondly, asking his younger brother to come to him. He offered to give him a start in the world and desired his loving companionship. Though tender chords were to be severed and eyes bedimmed with tears, he decided to leave the home of his childhood, rnd those who loved him more than life, and go to his brother. With a heart sad, yet hopeful, he set sail for the fair land of America. It was not in those days as now. Crossing the mighty deep consumed weeks, and months were consumed in the journey that is now counted by a few days. But all went well, and in safety he reached tbe land where years before his brother had found a home. From the Atlantic coast he must travel by rail many miles before he reached his brother. At last he arrived. Going to the address sent him, heart beating with love and hungry for the warm embrace he knew awaited him, he knocked at the door. A strange face greeted him, and on ask-infor his brother he was told that two weeks before he was laid in bis grave. Stunned, he stood gazing at the one who imparted this terrible intelligence. He was invited to enter; was shown into his brother's room and bade welcome. As in a dream, from which he thought he must surely awaken and find it but the fancy of a troubled brain, he listened to the recital of the death of that dear brother. How he had longed to see him, and desired with the deepest desire to live until he should come. Bat the angel Azriel had called, and in obedience to the summons, his spirit had fled from its prison house. Everything that he had accumulated through years of toil and privation, storing up with a loving hand to keep those across the sea, he had All given to this, his youngest brother. this he could not realize, but his heart cried for love; the love of which he had dreamed, and the happy meeting that the waves 01 the sea had whispered about in their soft ripples, when the moonlight on its bosom made it look transparent even as glass. He could hear his brothei 'r, voice in the winds that played at evening, kissing his cheek and fanning his brow. Was this the end ? A stranger in a strange land, a sense of loneliness utterly indescribable filled his heart. But life must be lived, and to a noble nature it must be lived well. So gradually he picked up the threads that had been severed and began to take interest in the business that his brother ' had bequeathed him. Over the sea he had sent the sad story, that would bring sorrow to the dear ones in the old home there, weakening the frail moorings still more that held them in liie. g Its glories faded, overthrown, In later temples I would stay, I cannot do this, no ! ah no 7 3 the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation 0 LOVE. It was in the early summer, long, long ago, when life was in its springtime; each day glorious and sunny, slowly went out in a sea of gold at the western gate. Then it was that this story of unrequited love saddened the hearts of the actors, darkened nature's fair prospect, and brought into it a quiver of pain, that the long years have tailed to obliterate. This lover was fair to look upon. Rather above the medium height, with brown hair and blue eyes, out of which a pleading look often met your own. Features clear-cu- t, with aquline nose, a broad forehead softened by the slight wave or the hair. The expression of the mouth w:as somewhat sad, his manner quiet and very retiring. He would be noticed anywhere, and one would glance at him the second time. There was a cause for this sadness and lack of companionship, that made him different to others of his age. Ht spoke of his life; of the dear old father and mother he had left on Erin's Green Isle; of his childhood and his rambles in the fields when primroses were in bloom. He was not of that land, but of i No. 5 The heart of youth is elastic, and early sorrows grow dimmer and dimmer as time passes on. The springtime brought buds cf promise, that partly healed the wounded heart. Love, the Queen of all the earth, entered md enthroned herself, rearing an altar where roses bloomed in luxuriance and the flowers of Paradise abounded. This tender love dream filled the whole world with divine radiance. That he would not be loved in return never entered his mind. He was sure that love like his must bring a like heavenly sympathy. So he told her of the home over the sea; the fond mother waiting there to welcome his bride and bestow the kiss of love on the one he had so vividly painted as the very perfection of modest and pure maidenhood. He daily built castles in the cir, so entranc-ingl- y beautiful, but without foundation; so and airy lairy, but without occupant. "How glad she will be to see my darling," he often said when whiling away the time in iond anticipations of the happy return over the wide, blue sea, with love as the beacon light. He had asked her father if he might pay his addresses, and received permission, but her he had never asked. So the days went by, dreams of love for him, uneasiness and sadness for her, until the long decided time came and the word had to be SDoken that fell like a blow, quenching forever the love light in those thoughtlul eyes. Oh, why was he so blind? Why could he not understand that her manner was only Iriendly, not even free Irom restraint? How could he love on and the fire of love be fed when naught but dust and ashes were heaped on the hearth ? It was when the summer days were drawing to a close and autumn, with her faint coloring of crimson and gold, made the woods so inviting. "Cannot love me?" faltered the ashy lips, "not be my wife? Then there is another," he said. "Yes, there is another. You have often heard his name mentioned. He will come a. tonight." Anger flashed from his eyes; bitter words and threats that sliould have remained forever unuttered, were followed by a cold good evening, and he was gone. All was over. In one heart love was dead, in the other hope was living and whispering of a day when love would have a rosy awakening. Yet regret and anguish for the pain caused to one esteemed as a dear friend, brought sorrow. Years passed on, but the actors in that scene had never met. Often she had thought of him, remembered many little acts of loving kindness, A and wondered if he were happy. woman always thinks gently of one who has been a lover, and though the years be long that intervene, there is a thrill of interest in him, mingled with pity and pain. She had been a bride, then a mother, before fate brought their two lives in touch again. It was at a grand ball given by the English residents of the city where they 