it was given and the little "guest of honor," Marian Buchholz. WEDDING RECEPTION. On Wednesday, August 15, 1901, Miss Bardella Shipp and Mr. Theodore Edward Curtis were married in the Salt Lake Temple, the marriage ceremony being performed by Bishop John R. Winder. In the evening a delightful reception was given at the home of the bride, on Main The rooms were tastefully dtcor-ate- d Street. and music and song, interspersed with comic rtcitations, added to the enjoyment of the interesting occasion. The bride was most becomingly gowned in white silk, with pearl and lace trimmings, and carried a bouquet of long stema white rose med white roses, or two fastened in her dark tresses instead of the regulation orange blossoms, was very pretty and piquant, and we need not add, as the fact is well known, brides are always beautiful and exceedingly interestihalf-blow- ng- EXPONENT' WOMAN'S 3o - Dainty refreshments were served to the guests by beautiful ycung girls of sixteen and seventeen in pretty costumes, of which pink stemed the prevailing color. Main Street was ablaze, as it were, with the red lights which shone through the open windows of the rooms, making the wedding festivities still more brilliant. Our attention was not called to the fact but w e noticed in cne of the rooms through which we passed, a large number of what appeared to be wedding presents; and no doubt they were, for the bride is a prime favorite among her acquaintances. We add our congratulations to those of the many relatives and friends, wishing Mr. and Mrs. Curtis all the joy and happiness mortals can attain to, and an experience that will prepare them for eternal happiness hereafter. A DELIGHTFUL EVENING. On Friday evening, August 23, a u:.ique entertainment was given in "The Barnacle," Kendall Square, by a few young We people for a very worthy purpose. of our children and folks approve young cultivating dramatic talent in home circles and also in being generous to those who have spent means and ability in promoting public interests, and have thus suffered pecuniary loss, or have in any way been unfortunate. The program of the evening was first, Invocation by Elder David McKenzie, followed by musical selection on piano and violin, by Mr. and Mrs. Chester Ames. "The Bear Story," Kittie Bo wring. "Romance," Edna S. Ames. "The Blind Girl by Castle-Quill,- " Blanche Thomas. "Footsteps in the Sand," Alice McLaugh-lan- Music. Recitation, "The Time toLove," Elen Wallace. Next a bit of nonsense, "When the Cats Away," Alice Mc Laughliu, (the cat) May Carter, Blanche Thomas and Edna Carter, (the mice) Miss Mtek, Hattie Carter, "The Latest Arrival." Kate Thomas, "Sooty," (for sport) Rose Thomas, Sniffles (Sooty's Comp'ny) Elbert J. Thomas. After the play friends gathered in the parlor of the Hon. and Mrs. R. K. Thomas and the "Cat was let out of the Bag," by Mrs. Thomas, w ho announced in a neat tures of their visit here, and so far as little speech the object of the play and the invitations to those assembled, which was a "Tribute of Respect and Friendship to Elder H. W. Naisbitt, recently returned from a mission to England." Brother Naisbitt is w. 11 and favorably known these press people went away with favorable impressions of the Mecca of the West. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON. known as a journalist, author and poet, (Concluded.) and during a long life has- written much that will be valuable to the community I never forget the night before he died. I and particularly to the Church, if these went into h's room before I retired to wish writings can be published in book form for him good night. His very look pierced my circulation it will bean acquisition to home heart, and before I had time to speak he literature of which the peop'eof the future said, "O, my girl, you will meet: me on as well as those of today may be proud. the other side, wont you ? ' I answered Mrs. Thomas, Mr. H. C. Wallace and "I guess so," and turned and left the room Mrs. R. E. Little set forth these facts very quietly. I never bade him good night clearly in speaking to the guests, and one again. The next day he was under the inand all with hearty accoid were ready to fluence of drugs all day, for the pain was beautifully ex- too great for him. and he passed away. respond to the senti-v.entpressed by those who addressed them. I sometimes think that if I had my life Elder Naisbitt responded briefly but to live over again, I would try to overcome feelingly to the compliment paid him, and myself even more than I did, but I do not the Exponent certainly desires to pay a know. I am very thankful, however, that fitting tribute to the Guest of Konor of he did come home, through the blessing of that memorable evening's entertainment. the Lord, to lay his body down with his family who preceded him. When we went to have our endowments EDITORIAL NOTES. in 1856, Brother Kimball was talking to President Jane S. Richards accompan- those who were going through, ana he ied by Sister Ruthinda E. Moench, spoke at length on confidence. He enattended the Relief Society conference of treated the brethren and sisters, husbands Nebo Stake held at Payson, August 15, and wives never to allow themselves to and though the weather was unfavorable, lose confidence in each other. He said, the meetings were fairly well attended and "I will promise you if you do, it will a good spirit prevailed. never be restored in this world, and I am afraid the eternity cannot restore it." President Jane S. Richards, accompanIt is that lack of confidence that has ied by Sister Emily S. Richards, attended caused me all the sorrow that I have passed the Relief Society conference at Pleasant through. It is too late for me to try to Grove on July 26, at which time Mrs. the wrong, but I do pray that sad exRebecca Standring was elected president right perience may do some good to my posterof the Relief Society of the Alpine Stake ity or any who chance to read these few of Zion, the former president having re- lines, for they are true. I trust that I signed her position on account of ill have passed through enough sorrow to health. atone for all my stubbornness. I know Sisters Lydia D. Alder and Harriet Ann that my Heavenly Father is merciful to Badger went to Deseret to attend the Re- His children and I am willing to abide the lief Society conference of Millard Stake on consequences, for He has always been Friday, August 23. There was a good at- mindful of me and kept me from many tendance, Stake president, Elizabeth F. snares that I might otherwise have fallen The visit- into. He has never left me without a Yates, from Scipio, presiding. of the truthfulness of the Gossisters the enjoyed ing trip and the meet- testimony a knowltdge that the princiand also pel, an excellent spirit was ings very much; manifest in the conference. ple of plural marriage is true, and that it is exalting in its nature to all those who will President M. I. Home and Sister Eliza- obey it and walk in the way the Lord has beth J. Stevenson attended the Bear Lake marked out. With all I have passed Stake Relief Society conferences and other through I have never regretted that I remeetings in that locality during the month ceived it in my young d?ys. I know that of July and the first part of August. The if we are true and faithful that principle conferences were held, one in Montpelier will lead us on to exaltation and give us and one in Lake Town, and Sister Home, eternal lives in the kingdom of God It is though now eighty-twyears of age, worth all the sacrifice any of us can make traveled in visiting the Stake, over one in this life. I have often proved the truth hundred miles by team. She returned in of those beautiful lines composed by John good health and spirits. Weslev: The visit of Kentucky editors with their "When through fiery trials thy pathway shall lie, friends, including wives, sisters, all sufficient shall be thy supply. My grate cousins and ters, aunts, was a very pleasThe flan es shall not hurt thee, I only design. ant affair. The genial and courteous Thy dross to consume and thy gold to refine. Southern woman is always greatly appreciated in the West, and really one cannot Even down to old age all my people shall prove, My eternal, unchangable love; help acknowledging there is something Andsovereign, then when gray hairs shall their temples very soothing in amiability, especially to adorn, those whose cares and responsibilities are Like lambs they shall still in my bosom be borne. too much for their nerves. Everything The soul that on Jesus has leaned for repose, ' that the Utah press could do to add to the He will not, He cannot desert to his foes. That soul, though all hell shall endeavor to shake, enjoyment of the "thoroughbred" was arranged for, a reception at He'll never, no never, no never forsake." the Kenyon, recital at the Tabernacle, I have learned in my experience to trust to Saltair, were among the enjoyable trip in the Lord, and have always found Him fea o I Ken-tuckia- ns 