WOMAN'S EXPONENT. could only say something that would inspire those who are indifferent to the privileges and blessings of the Gospel I should feel glad. But let us remember the parable of the ten virgins and have oil in our lamps, and keep them trimmed and burning." President Jane S. Richards: "I suppose could all say a great deal more, and much more might be said of the goodness and excellence of our dear Sister Zina. I have known her many years very intimately, and have been closely associated with her the last few years as her counselor since 1888. I spent the last evening and the last but one with her in her own home in this city before sbe went away to Canada. Sister Jacobs wished me to defer it until she came back from her visit, but she said, 'It's all right, I'm glad you've come.' I asked her many questions about what we've done and what we ought to do, and of what we had not done. She wanted me to stay with her, but I excused myself on account of my folks being worried about me. She prayed for me and blessed me and said she wanted to come back alive. That prayer answered. It seemed as she was did come her it just last, though back alive. She did not stay here as long as we wanted her. She had done her work and maybe she can do more on the other side. Let us not think too much of this world. Some young women are taken away before those who are older. Those who are young now will grow old, and if you honor and help those who are laboring in this work you will never be sorry. Do as you would be done by. Let us be very forgiving, but we are subject to weakness, as St. Paul said, 'When I would do good, evil is present with me.' But we can overcome in many things. Let us be full of charity and remember those who need our help when cast down. May we all be faithful that we may go where Sister Eliza and Sister Zina and the Prophet have gone, is my prayer. The congregation, standing, sang, "Praise God from whom all blessings flow." Adjourned until 2 p. m. Benediction by President Ann C. Woodbury, St. George Stake. we w-a- s Afternoon session opened by singing "Redeemer of Israel," by the Temple choir. Prayer by Professor C. J. Thomas. "Who are these arrayed in Singing, white." Roll call by secretary, 34 Stakes rt presented. President Sarah Pope, Uintah Stake, reported a good feeling among the members and that efforts were being made to build granaries and society halls in the several wards, meetings were held regularly and there was great energy manifested in carrying on the work of the society. President Jane Barlow Muir, Woodruff Stake, said they had long distances to travel by team in visiting the different branches, but everything was in excellent order and they had recently had a very good conference. President Dorcas Worthington.of Grants-villreported Tooele Stake in absence of the Stake President Emily J. Anderson. Thought the sisters were energetic in their duties, seeking to live their religion and love one another. President Celestia Y. Pack, Summit Stake, considered they were doing all in their power, were taking care of the poor, e, had recently visited through the county and found the sisters full of zeal and energy. President Rebecca Staudring said every ward in the Stake had been visited and the members seemed to live up to every duty, and were willing to devote liberally toward the erection of the Woman's Building. Spoke of our late President, and how thankful she was to have had the privilege of being present at the Memorial Service in the morning, alluded to the great influence Sister Zina always carried where-eve- r she went and spoke of the many visits Sister Eliza R. Snow and Sister Zina had made her. Desired to be worthy of their and confidence hei eaiter. society Counselor Flotilda Funk, San Luis Stake, made an excellent report of their circumstances and the excellent feeling that prevailed among the sisters. They have a hall of their own to meet in and the Word of Wisdom was faithfully observed, also the law of tithing. President Louisa Haight, Cassia Stake, said the members were striving to do every She and duty and respond to every call. her counselors had visited all around the Stake recently and had an enjoyable time. They had tried to fulfil every responsibility. She believed all were in the line of duty. President Temperance Hinckley, Fremont Stake, stated there had been much sickness the last year, which had prevented them from making the usual round ot visits, but all were in good condition in the several branches and all trying to live their religion and be faithful to the work. President Mary A. Call, Bannock Stake, stated that she and her counselors made a practice of visiting all the branches once a year, that they tried to keep up with all Their members were faithrequirements. ful in the performance of every duty required of them, and were energetic and pressing forward in every good work. President Eliza M. Oram. Pocatello Stake, said they visited all around twice every year, although the settlements were widely scattered; the sisters were liberal in contributing towards the Woman's Building. While she was in the audience in the morning she wanted to speak of our beTwo years loved President, Sister Zina. in her home and her visited had she ago should never forget the heavenly influence she felt there when Sister Zina spoke in the She felt it was a taste of gift of tongues. heaven. "Let us all live exemplary lives that we may meet Sister Zina again." Referred to some of the teachings of President Franklin D. Richards that bad greatly impressed her at the time. Sister Charlotte E. Driver, by request of President Jane S. Richards, represented Weber Stake. She was thankful she was deemed worthy to report Weber Stake. Stated that they had a larger attendance at their Stake conference in Ogden than we had in Salt Lake at the General Conference That there was no of the Relief Society. call niad upon the sisters there that was not readily responded to. They were trying to buiM a house to meet in there in They hoped to be successful iu Ogden. the building completed. The land getting been had given them. She always enjoyed the sisters, felt it was a with meeting with the Saints and to meet to privilege and obligations reduties perform all the quired in the Church. Brother John Lindsey sang a solo entitled 55 "The Better Land," chorus by the Temple choir, which added greatly to the enjoyment of the audience. Counselor Asenath R. Grover, Juab Stake, said: "We have some of the very best sisters in our Stake, but we are badly scattered. In Nephi, North and South we have halls for meetings, we Wards, hold conferences twice a year and officers' meetings about six times a year. We have nine hundred bushels of grain on hand, we own some sheep and our society is prosper-ing.- " President Mary John, Utah Stake, said they were doing well, gathering grain and building houses, and were anxious to keep pace with the times and to comply with all requirements, and to respond to every call made. They paid the ten cent donation and had donated to the building. Intended to do all in their power. Felt the loss of our President, "Aunt Zina," who had just left us, had known her for many years. Knew her to be a lovely woman. Spoke of President Woodruff so often remembering the Relief Society in his public speaking. Thought it very gratifying. President Louisa B. Benson, Oneida Stake, had visited around the Stake and held meetings in most of the places. The sisters seemed willing to respond to the calls made upon them, and were donating to the Woman's Building. She would like to say a word about Aunt Zina. realized that the blessing she gave to her had come to pass since the time she promised it. Felt there had been great improvement in their meetings. Counselor Adelia Crosby, Panguitch Stake, stated they had six hundred bushels of grain stored, but early frosts often Had hinder our wheat from maturing. three society halls and were contemplating building more. The sisters seem very willing to assist towards the Woman's She felt inspired to press forBuilding. ward and exhort our sisters to be up and doing, and not lack in good works. President Jane S. Coleman, Wayne Stake, reported fifteen hundred bushels of grain stored and several thousand of mulFifty-tw- o berry trees planted and growing. been cocoons had raised of this pounds season. The sisters try to live up to the spirit of the work in which we are engaged and fulfill every duty. President Jane S. Richards said our time is never long enough for all our sisters to We should tell us what they are doing. be glad to hear from every President here, President but time will not permit. instruction much to gave Young Brigham the Relief Society. He told us to store up We may wheat against a day of famine. not live to see the famine, but we must do what is required of us and all will be well. We should keep in remembrance the counsel we have had from President Young and other brethren and sisters, and strive to live lives of purity, and above all to be charitable and full of kindness. Exhorted all to remember Sister Zina's last address to the conference. How precious her words were. We must try to follow in her footsteps. Hoped to be with her and Sister Eliza R. Snow and the Prophet Joseph in the time Said there would be an evening to come. meeting when others would have an opportunity to report. Urged all to be prompt, was glad to see some of the brethren present. The Temple choir sang, sweetly, the 