WOMAN'S KXPONI;NT..( of the St. Joseph Stake Relief. Society, the follow--in- g 'resolutions were adopted bv unanimous vote: IWiYrtiii. Our lIcaviMilv Father has called bur beloved sister M aria McRae,' from .our midst, who a as a member of. the Stake Board of our Relief Society,' a faithful1 workef a kind and loving , mother and a friend to all." Therefore be it A'rsoWifr That we the. rntmbers of the St. do hereby express our Joseph StakcHtvlief Soc-etln-bereaved 'husband and family, svmpathy ro and we" also desire to emulate tier nome example. RjsorVtui that these resolutions be placed the record of the St. Joseph Relief Society, a copy sent to the Oereayeti iamilv, also one seui iu uie Woman's RxroNKNT for publication.' RESOLUTIONS OF RKSPKCT infinite Koen fit- in His tr t.n-- ' r ()ur iicuvcuiy ) and merev to call home, our beloved sister, borni8i7 in Oberbruder. .(sl"tT r.omvmv. She ioined the Church of ib93 lus Christ 6f Latter-da- ) Saints in thewasyear married 'in,lHmiL-ratetlt- o Utah in iSo6. She montns later. . f:x)k. who died hlteen suffered very and since She had been ill e,ver. 1 7th, of Janu- the released her. in fWth .... paueuuj h had lived, a faithful Saint Her friends will miss her, still latteSay , cnfTprimrs are massed, became a her, and that she is comfort to those who loved, .. now enjoying sweet rest. p-it- . heard." Davis. Benediction by. Bishop John N. . , Afttrnoon session opened with sir ,ing, 'Now let us rejoice.' ' Prayer by Counjjplor A. K. Bartlett. Singing, "0 ye mountains ' high." . . Brother James Hacking said' he realized in part the responsibilities and burdens rest---- , It is ing upon, the mothers .marvelous to think of the labor performed by the Relief Society sisters. Brother Jos. hr II. Gardner always loved to listen to the remarks of the sisters. Thought the sisters Saints were more blessed Annie Jones, of the Latter-da, Rosin k Boki, ' than any women upon the face of the earth. R. S. REPORTS. Elizabeth Thi khek. Sister Davis bore .her testimony to the MCRAE. T4VI.OR MARIA truthtulness of the Gospel and related some MARICOPA STAKE. of her experiences in the Church. "f..:.. lnr frRae. daughter of Geo. E. and tiUl' conference ThV statistical and financial report was Thef Relief vSociety ouarterly Annie NVjctsraylor. born January 17. it45, at England, died April 19, was held in the Stake Tabernacle, March read and the general and local authorities SuiUby, Lincolnshire; suilera thelxm-eof A. 'Hake patient iil with catarrh were sustained. 21, 190 1, Stake President Mabel four years. for nearly were tr .m... otticers All. the Stake President Sarah Pope boie a faithful c presiding.. thi (it)SDel as taught uv tne 31JC mav Aoin th. Church of lesus Christ of Latter-dal'i. present, except our treasurer, wno nas nau testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. belief alone four years old and eagerly awaited, Sister C. A. Stringhani-ai- d the misfortune to tall and oreaK uerarm. b to be baptized. six wards were well represen- - could not save us, we shoultUiiotgrow the arrival cf her eighth birthday Five out-ono.nn.inv with her mother and Sister 11 dninor ted "with both officers and members. A ittln now nresident of the Relief Society u... mm Sisters Minnie Davis and America urser iio.in Idaho, erfim rated to America in ib54. gOOcspini pervatieu, uu wrcui-.Punw.in.rin t. Louis a year and then walked willlhir to lend a helping nana witn tneir spoke a few words in regard to to the Remuralso to lief Society work. most of the way to Salt Lake City without a means to help the poor and Zion to to get mur, only too glad 111 Conference adjourned forsix months. roiling 01 ,f.Z din married losewi McRae, son of the assist those placed over them this great work. Though last year was 'Singing, .JL'Praise. to the man who comlute Bishop Alex McRae, and their life since has considerable grain has been stored muned with Jehovah.".-'- - Benediction by been devoted to pioneer work. Th? lived in Salt dry very ..1. w;'t. thrmurh the hard times, then went to away for time of need by being sealed air. Brother James Hacking." Charleston, Wasatch Co., where after five years AddiE Longhurst; Sec. The insects are very bad in this hot were prosjer-litight. and new in a they country, struggle There are better prospects this and had established a good home. clifuate. AI.riNK STAKE. we all want to do much more in saving when the call came from President Brigham. ear, Vnniur to prepare for a mission to the South. crrnin nlso beans, many fruits of all kinds, ., I...HC thpir livVs in their hands and trustinir in The first quarterly conference of the in this saved be can way that or anytning Reliei Society of Alpine Stake was held m God, they went to an unexplored wilderness where. tiie ol ue-no pen can drawing the parents, The responsibility the Indian reignetr supreme. meeting house at American Fork, on we or trials endured. that around may us, th of our young people President Jemima u ,mtwnv under the leadership of D. W; Tones tne way warn, were Friday, April 26, 1901, with y influence l lie an have On the stand were arrived in the Salt River valley in the spring of tbp nrincinle subiects treated upon. Much Durrant presiding. where they tooK qui me nrsi canai auu President Jane S. Richards, Sister Julia P. Presi Stake was given by .X.mi trees, tn the fall the company divided good instruction M. Farnsworth and Rebecca Standring, all McRae was ana Sister oiners. whose company dent R. H. Hakes oartot them (in The officers of the of the General Board. KfMMincr adiourned for three months, all with Brother P, C. Merrill as leader; wended their Stake were all present and all the Alpine we conference way to San Pedro valley, stopping on tne way lor best the been had feeling this While there they heard of the, different wards. a tew days at Tuscon. "presidents ' !,f -f President Briirham Younir. 0 Ar.. had ever had. Meeting opened by singing, "Come, bee. E. for a fort AnniK built proteeSan Pedro thev Fullkr, Prayer by Emma J. come, ye. Saints." (i,m irnm tht savaies. but as Sister McRae often Singing", "Redeemer of Featherstone. UINTAH STAKE. said they were not sent there to be murdered by Israel." T ti a n . of the' conference th 2 in of the until at tne sickness set season reada taken rainv iinrincr the report The secretary held Uintah Stake,' the of Relief Society. one was scarcely able to wait on another. Apostle of the Relief Society General Conference Erastus Snow and party arnveu in wciooer ana Aoril 13, 1901, President barati rope pre President Jemima Durrant made some thpm in this condition. Apostle Snow as he ' shed Said her mission had siding. tiiW remarks. preached to a congregation mostly in beds, land inou-uicai 11s. r;iiwif r . zu .. ouiKHiKi tears and blessed the people and said the been with the young ladies, but hitherto of f. end om one &anm .vmilrl vet be peopled with Saints Prayer by President Jehovah." ufed tUat uow the Lord would bless is in which s th to sinpart blessing other, the valley ;t1ir is tne soui duties and calling. Vice- her in present Sister McRae had strong bc- ..'Ut ti. ho realized. her of Mlnutes d cere desire.X .Ro11 callf her home has lif in this promise, and aLhough President Martna weou repuncu auituwu and read approved. she in the Gila valley," Pleasant Grove was been for the last eight years previous meeting Society. Fork some at her end days has expressed a desire many tunes to President Sarah Foutz; Linden Bishop John N. Davis Fpoke by David. is ; at St. accomplished by on the. good that President by President Martha Woolleyv ller constant desire for an educatiQn urged her lengh Relief Society. the of was always proud to Imthe sisters Standring Rebecca to gather the children of the colony around her, be to was pleased Sister Althura Collett and impart into them, free of charge, such knowlXehi. They have 302 members and port Relief of the she lifetime ntimWl among the sisters edge as she could give them. 'All her more joining, all willing to work iiTthis information, of this Stake sisters longed tdbeobtainingknowledgeand Society. Where are the cause. They paid their ten ceniiund, B. Wells, where great conference? and while in the home of Mrs. at that there are not more 1,687 bushels of wheat, hold alsoTve she lived three years, she manifested an intense they come. to desire to acquire learning from books and from Thought all should strivesaid there were a their meetings every two weeks, and somesisters of tbe'good Sister Abigail Oaks pDsei vation, and the association take their meetings to the scattered times Mrs. home. Wells' before Mrs. visited who frequently placed that all might be prepared gieat many more temptationswhen Sainte. Praye Wells' httle gvrls vere very fond of her and looked she ws Maria the young peoph now than a righteous account. to give upon her as a dear friend, almost a sister. of the children ' our teach We should age, President JanS. Richards said she. was a girl. was then very young, only fourteen years and the family, when she became a member-obeauties of being virtuous. to be with us today and to see so pleased became she there whom with all to herself she endeared would be "Counselor A. K. Bartlett thought present. Hoped the sisters many V highest mornthis conference acquainted. ; She, is deserving offorthe her nobilifor coming, for it is the Lord's work ought to be more at paid tribute of praise and commendation be to wisdom for to We sliould pray are engaged in anu wc ing we ty of character and hei unflinching integrity and sons "daughters and3T the to . here able" to counsel our are tne truth." .tay We it." do and men six noble children, and lfav'es husband become the made eight a She that they may over us. .He. has care a right his to Lord ten and and grandchildren sons and two daughters, and women in Zion. It behooves each to countrVand everything oeauunu mourn her loss, A loving, tender and wise mother all bis might work tssignediswe should try to every one to strive with a devoted wife and wise counselor to her husband have'a and our young people in the straight and a genuine friend, hospitable in the home and best possible manner. One 01 the in So help it ' in need. in the world is tohave narrow way. v full of charity for all who were things the greatest clock. o 'Conference adjourned until 2 RESOLUTIONS. and to raise them m the best poschildren s voice of friendship officers Singing, " Where the r,h v r -- in-Israe- . l. y .. r-it f - !- , . 1 y uirt-Oshe- n f 1 u : ney; i -- v . ;k.. 1 , " ' v,.wt..-iV- I ' i H i P - M,-nt- . fN-,,,,,- ) o::.,r 1 . 1""""; ':.. nP-."Prav- . ' re-oort- ed - , . v -- ' f . - - - " , , - ' - At the regular monthly meeting ofxthe ' 