WOMAN'S IkxPQNENT." yljitiqns 'of the iiiniteeuth century, re. nurkablL- as they" aie, they are not to my miml.so great us the restoration of the Latter-Hadispensation by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and turning the key for the advancement', of 'womankind, whereby .woman has come forth from her oppression aiill stands' side by side with her brother in all the best thoughts and inspiration of the - y age. Who can tell what the coming century The coming forth of the Tell will reveal ? Tribes, gathering to Jackson County of the Saints, building of the great Temple and Great men other, important prophecies. will be inspired to invent and moie imjxjr-tan- t discoveries in arts and sciences, and the brotherhood of mankind will be more per- fect . Margakkt My-rep- as they have been had not- these prophecies been .fulfilled; Aounuant are the reflections that might be written but spaa .i.will not iermit. ji ine coming century even far greater and mightier, events are expected, but it would take a prophet or seer to determine what they will be. gethr ly to the requestor V. Tayi.ok. a few of my thoughts on the events of the nineteenth century and a prediction of what the twentieth will unfold, must be that the first, among many important events effecting the present and future state ot every one of God's creatures, is the restoration of the fulness of tiie Gospel through the instrument ality of the Prophet Joseplj Smith, present ing a plan broad enough to reach every soul" who ever has or ever shall be born upon this earth. Important as Is. this event it has been made possible by another of scarcely less importance, viz., the development of this grand government of ours, under the operation of that instrument, the Constitution, from a few struggling states to the greatest nation on earth. Not only great in numbers and wealth, but great in her political and religidus liberty, which-shhas extended tojhe and oppressed of all nations.. Through her institutions woman has been placed on a higher plane than she ever occupied before. The leaven of this nation' has had its 'eflect for good upon almost all the powers, God-inspire- d e down-trodde- n especially Japan,- - which has made wonderful progress in the last quarter of a century. An important movement already born will doubtless gather strength during the early part of the. twentieth century, and reach its final consummation before its close, is the efforts being put forth by; a number of wealthy Hebrews to establish- the Jews as a nation upon the land of their fathers; and this in fulfillment of the predictions of the prophets. Km ma Smith Woodruff. work has been in the Temples of God. I have had great joy in my labors. The Prophet Joseph declared this to be the most important work the Latter-daSaints could be engaged' in. I do indeed feel proud of the distinction of being chosen as a bosom companion of the Prophet Joseph Smith. That I am a livmg witness of his divine mission; and I bear testimony to all the world that the foundation of the everlasting hills are not more firmly set.r established 'than the knowledge I have received, or the witness .that has been given me of the spirit, con the divine origin of the great. Latter-dawork. . May the newcentury bring peace, joy and happiness to all seekers after truth. - rr y ' , Jw.IZAlH-.TII-- . '. . GT Sf K V K N SON . he nineteenth' century is drawing to a close, and as we take a retrospective view I of the great and wonderful events that have transpired since its commencement, there liecting .mmd is struck with awe and wonder at the improvement that has been made in Hie step toward perfection of the. various arts and sciences, literature, music' and all other branches of education that Lucy W. Kimball. have been developed for the benefit and .In summing up the many wonderful progress of humauity. One of the great events that has tran events of the marvelous nineteenth century in this was the spired War of the now closing, every Latter-dacentury Saint will Rebellion, and the freedom of the colored instinctively place as the leading headlight race from the bondage of slavery; also the in the list, the birth, mission and death of enfranchisement of women in various parts Joseph Smith. ot tne land, whereby they have been en When his work on earth was completed, abled to enlarge and develop their oppor- - the Prophet Joseph sealed his testimony tunitres ot doing more good in many ways with his blood, as did Christ and many of for the improvement and advancement of His disciples anciently. But In this century their sex and the world. the heht of the Gosoel of Tesus Christ was The establishing of the Gosnel in tnw rpmnin nnr!- mtiti of Tp;ii imhrrpfl -I lit Christ once more upon the earth in its ful- - crease forever. ness and purity for the salvation and re- Joseph proclaimed the utmost freedom for of human the demption family by our all men; and following his appeal for uniHeavenly Father, aud the rearing up of a versal liberty, slavery was abolished in the prophet, an inspired man of God to assist United States of America. At a fearful Him in the great and glorious Work. The cost, it is true; but had the government is to the nations of listened to the inspired words of the voung Gospel being preached the earth by our faithful missionaries, prophet, it need not- have cost one dron of Prophecies, of both ancient and modern blood, nor a tithe of the money expended. He declared when he organized the prophets are being fulfilled coucer ningwhat should transpire in trie latter days. Sisterhood of the Church into. the Relief The recent war in Cuba and the Philip Society, that he "turned the key in favor of pines is not to be passed over lightly, woman." Since that time what a noble of the famous work has been accomplished in woman's neither the tearing-dow- n Chinese wall and the entrance of troops into favor by hundreds of heroic women in this China, as it has been hitherto thought and other nations, including many of the Disasters of almost every Society which the Prophet organized. impossible. With the progress of light darkness has known nature have been poured out upon the land, and various other things of great wildly striven to keep pace, or out do. But magnitude that have transpired in the on the 6th ol April, 1893, an advance step. was taken by the present century. power of light, And now a new era is about to dawn which will never be quite approached by upon. the world; another century is about to the shadow of darkness. At that time the Proptet Wilford Wood be ushered in, and 110 doubt greater and mightier events will transpire in the future. ruff declared that the key was turned in He above, who reigns in the heavens and favor of the Saints, and was in the hand of controls the destinies of His children upon Jesus Christ; and that from that time the earth, knows the extentjhereoi. rignteousness would nave greater power But let the .Saints prepare themselves for and wickedness less in the world. With another great event, wmch we believe is this proposition in view, what may we not near at hand, even the coming of our Lord anticipate for the coming twentieth century? and Savior Jesus Christ, when the" glorious To be brief, ere its close, Satan may be Millennial; reign of Peace and Rest will be securely bound and Christ may reign over in the. twentieth the earth.T ushered in perhaps y y CJ K -- " - r J W - V A 4 A V V A -' a - . over-rulin- g - A few reflections on the, passing and coming centuries. Surely the one just closing has been a wonderful and marvelous one. The many, many great and grand incidents that have come to pass, none of which any human-bein- centurv. kiciiards. i,ousa tl,. r W. Maria Wilcox. understoodjOuly the inspired Prophets Two centuries what shall I say of them, of God taught by His Holy Spirit long before our Kra, looking down through the The siutis of the times are- - fraught wtih the passing away and the new birth ? To one whose life is centered in thehap- Saints. We vista of time predicted what would and has deep interest to the Latter-da- y come to passim the and has been see the fulfillment oNmany prophecies of piness andf well being of the children of the ushered in during the past century, even of the 'prophets in both ancient and modern Saints, it 'seems but natural that whatever the revelation of the Gospel in its purity, times. In my soul I heartily endorse the has happened in the past, or may happen in and a prophet being raised up, to which we sentiments expressed and the. testimonies the future, our little ones must of necessity " V borne can testify. by our prophets, seers ancLrevelators, be the center trom which and towards which what thoughts 1 have at this particular The establishment of the kingdom ;of the Watchmen upon the walls of Zion,-whGod, the coming forth of the Book of are ever alert, whose voices are everheard time ebb and flow. in Mormon, and how the Prophet' Nahum pre- - in defence of the revelations given through ,r So many changes have come uacieu oi tne railroads oeing ounaea in me Joseph Smith; the Prophet, to this g'ener, .our actions toward children and in our and training, that much day of the Lord's preparation. And how ation for the uplifting and redemption of methoclsinj-earincould those, who 4iad obeyed the Gospel in the whole race ot mankind, Doth tne living migiu ue saiu oi wuucu awui iuau. We have much to be ? grateful for to Since the year 1885 my. life j distant parts or lands have been gathered to-- 1 and'the dead. - . I . t-- -- g . last-day- s, - to-pas- g . W ' - . s 