WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 61 EMMA LUCY GATES. firm conviction and say, "I'm not going to die, papa; don't you remember Aunt Eliza Snow promised me I should grow up and be a mother in Israel ?" And her faith pre- the table was decorated with carnations and ferns and the fine linen and handsome china and luxurious repast made a goodly and A large fruit cake inviting appearance. frosted and ornamented, which told in figures the age of the reverend lady, adorned the centre of the table. At the head of the table the venerable lady herself was seated and at her right her daughter, Romania, (the famous woman doctor) and at her left her daughter. Josephine, (Mrs. Hardy) grattdsohs and granddaughters-in-law- , daughters and husbands, and one or two guests, Including President C. VV. Penrose, editor Deseret News, Mrs. Elizabeth Penrose and the writef. Mrs. Bunnell has now reached her eighty-sevent- h anniversary and is indeed a remarkThe writer exably w ell preserved woman. tends to her not only the usual compliments of the season, but every good wish and blessing she can possible desire in this life and joys innumerable In the celestial world, surrounded with her loved ones, and she deserves it all j for her life work and sacrifices have entitled her to eternal happiness. What could be more beautiful than such a life and at its close calmness and contentment? EDITORIAL NOTES. We are protld to acknowledge and with gratitude, the gift of a heW book just from the press, "Rhymlets In Many Moods," by one of our Utah poets, Brother H. W. Naisbitt, who only recently returned from a mission. Brother Naisbitt has been well known to the people here as one of pur very best writers, and we sincerely congratulate him on the appearance of his book just at Xmas time, hoping for him a financial success. "The Home Circle Series" he has designated as a sub title should give it prestige with our home lovers, and we trust the book will find its way into every home-circlin Utah. We have not yet had time to examine its contents but will give an opinion Meantime we can upon the subject later. conscientiously recommend it. knowing as We do the ability of the author and his sterling qualities of mind and heart. e The Daughters of the Revolution celebrated the anniversary of the Boston tea pahy at the home of Mrs. W. J. Beatie, whose parlors were handsomely decorated for the occasion. A fine engraving of Gen. a conspicuous place, occupied Washington Mrs. draped with the stars and stripes. Clarissa S. Williams, the Regent, was present again after her serious illness and presided with her usual dignity. Some business was attended to; and Mrs. Mary A.. H. Cannon's paper was read, the subject being the close of the war and some of the men who were most famous in establishing the new government, and brief mention of the great American Tea Party and the visits of members to the old South Church, etc. Refreshments were Dutch and the china used also A very large and the old Dutch ware. handsomely ornamented fruit cake was given bv Mrs. Eliza Titcomb and was cut and served to the guests, also candies after the It was one of the substantial Dutch repast. the afternoons most pleasant society has enjoyed. Two distinguished guests were present by invitation, Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith and Mrs. Sarah Jenne Canoon. Chauncev M. Depew gives the women credit for a large share in the defeat of Tammany, The good and noble women who read this precious little messenger the Woman's Exponent, are no doubt interested in the little girl who has pleased people in Utah so much in the last month by her singing The mothers in Israel would not ask what can she sing, who was her teacher, nor what is to be her future professional career ? but they would gather about her and inquire, "My dear, do you say your prayers? Are you trying to live your religion?" Little Lulu, as she is familiarly called by those who lovg her, was born in St. George in 188o, being the oldest child of Jacob F. and Susa Young Crates'. Her grandfather on her father's side, Elder Jacob Gates, is an historical figure in early Church history. He was one of the old Puritan stock, and was of Zion's camp, and was a trusted friend of the Prophet Joseph, and later the Prophet Brigham. He was since president for some yeais of the first seven Presidents of Seventies, and filled many important public trusts. He was a good singer and when he was eighty years old his clear old voice made sweet music out 6f "Mrs. Lofty had a carriage, His third wife, Emma none had I." is a sweet little English Farsberry, woman of good breeding.and she, too, was an excellent singer, andsangin the "Leicester Choir," and she is, too, like her husband, a faithful Latter-da- y On the Saint.. side President maternal Brigham Young is the grandparent, and his wife, Lucy Bigelow .Young, is one of the greatest and humblest women who ever tabernacled in the flesh. Lulu, then, had her full right in being well born Her father was a born musician Who played, as a boy, eveiything from a Jew's harp to a drum. He organized a boys' band when he was ten years old, he playing the lead cornet. No place on earth has so much native musical talent as Utah, and it is only opportunity which is lacking to bring out this wealth of talent. Lucy's mother inherited the musical gifts belonging to the Young family, and could play She the piano as soon as she could read. was the founder of the Musical Department in the Brigham Young Academy in 1878; but with other cares, like many young mothers, she dropped her active musical work. The little girl came to Provo with her parents in 1882 and in 1885 went to the Sandwich Islands on a four years' mission with them. When Lulu was three months old, Sisters Eliza R. Snow and Zina D. H. Young paid a visit to St. George and while there they gave the babe a beautiful blessing. 1 his was treasured by the mother and repeated to the child as she grew in years and understanding. When on the Sandwich Islands mission, a deep and abiding friendship was formed between President Joseph F Smith and wife, Julina, and the family of Brother Jacob F. Gates. After the sudden death of Lulu's two brothers on this mission, Lulu seemtd stricken with the same disease; all night long President Smith and the parents hung over the little girl administering and giving her what simple remedies were And all night long as thee obtainable. strong men would falter in their faith and ask each other with eye or lip, "Must she, too, go?" the child would lqok up with vailed. She has always been musical; at two years old she sang many little songs and soon found the piano keys to match the time. At four she had found the chords for every key on the piano. She was taken to the Sandwich Islands at this age and there picked up guitar playing. She sang, played and danced for Queen Kapiolani, when that lady visited Laie. and her parents were invited to bring her to the Palace. But they felt then and after to shrink from pushing the child into public notice, both for her sake and their own. Children are ruined too often, mentally and phj sically, by Many people wonder today how it. is that this girl has sprung into such sudden public notice; it is because her wise parents knew that maturity is the only safe time to throw genius out into public life. They knew she was gifted, and she and they have made many sacrifices to develop those gifts. Admiration is hard enough to bear when the character is fully formed. With this thought fully in mind, the little girl was kept quietly at home, and most carefully taught the art of dressShe is as making and housekeeping. and needle with the the ccok-stov- e with gifted as she is with voice or piano keys. Above all things her parents have struggled to teach her and all their children to love the Gospel and its every principle; not one principle, whether it be in active practice or not, has been neglected in her True, she has some faults, training. the best of our girls must even which she loves the Lord and tries to inherit, but serve Him, When her married sister, Mrs. Leah E. Widtsoe went to Germany in 1897, she begged the parents to allow Lulu to accompany her that she might carry forLulu had ward her musical education. Her first teacher, good music teachers. and she was a most excellent one, was a Provo Mormon girl, Mrs. Lillie Roberts A sound musical foundation De Lorey. was thus laid, and while under Mrs. De Lorey, at thirteen years of age, Lulu took the prize for instrumental music in the first great Salt Lake Eisteddfod in 1893. Her next teacher was Professor J. J. McClellan, who was likewise a most It was superior teacher and musician. went to she from him that Germany away with Brother and Sister Widstoe, She could always sing, too, she sang the scale before she w;u two years old; but she was not encouraged to tax her voice, as she was a frail child and health and poise were the objects sought for by her parents child of for this nervous and high-strun- g She was kept away from giddy theirs. pleasures, ard early hours and long sleeps No corset was ever upon were the rule. tea nor coffee were ever no and her form, house. in the used In all their plans none thought of public To cultilife for this little Mormon girl. them at use to and then vate her talents, her and people, home to comfort delight these were the ambitions and aims of all. After she had been in Europe for one year it became necessary for her to leave her sister, who was about to travel What could be done? . over-stimulatio- n. 