WOMAN'S KXPONKNT-- 77 . as. well, as daughters respect her counselors, consulting with Our childien.-m- s them freely; '"United," stfotltd be encouraged to visit our meetings being truly mhmiu-kok thk working in harmony, dividing respon-sibili-To Tin: urriCHKS and occasionally, that they may better ch'ukcii op fur. .socir.T of ties and labors so that'uone shall be over- understand of this organization-'ukuki SAINTS. CIIKIST Ol- L.TTKK-I).taxed' where it can JJe avoided, ever remem- - to which their mothers belong.. the Savior's words to His disciples,' 'bering Hoping, dear sisters, that in the near ' Itth' ' t't'tw'J Sis firs, both far an I uctir: -: " future' we shall have the opportunity of lie ye one!". bhss-jn'of full and gratitude With hearts "He that tiiinketh he is something when communicating further with you on these alfer few a of to desire uitr he. is nothing, deceiveth himself." you we This, .most impoilant subjects, we will now "reflections the and concerning bv again extending to you our heart-lei- t thoughts passage of' scripture expresses a Sentiment b'or M"cat work in which we, as daughlerof our which we should never lose sight' of. love and 'blessings,- ever praying for Heavenly l:atfier,an: privileged to be e:- - we ape all as nothing, except the Spirit of your weliaie and happiness and the success and growth of our .mutual the Lord enlightens and helps us,- If we gaged. as-tsuch Vtre circumstances permit d have not that Spirit to enable us to underwork. should we one doing so,, greatly iejoicciu hand and perform our duties we are not Viur sincere sisters of brunch our 'neither. every illy Relief lor work; person visiting Society Zina 1). II. Young, prepared words .of encouragecan we become use ul in the kiugd mi Jam-- S. Richards. society, in speaking in any capacitywithout the companion-shiment, and Where necessary offering siiggesRvni.smuu V. Smith, in and assistance of His Holy Spirit. We tions ami, perhaps, instructions, and Sarah j. Cannon. sinking hands with every member; and want to bear in. mind constantly Ihat "oi tveii the young ladies and the little chil- - ourselves we are nothing." We are but NATIONAL LIVE STOCK CONVENTION. dien who are to continue the work after us. frail instruments in God's hands io assist in ' His work. Hut in as much as it is impossible for us to Great", preparations were made in the do this, we have decided to express our- !' '..Never feel that one is of superior worth to citv fur the National Live Stock Convenselves' bv means of writing. .That you her neighbor, but.that each is necessary in tion, held here the third week in January. may understand that our hearts are ever htr place. Thoe who hold office should houses and all iMne Who be moie humble even than others. full of loving appreciation of your faithful and the Klectric labors and of prayers and should set the example of humilty,; long-- ' were profusely decorated, and Light' Company did much to enhance the suffering and charily for the failings of bcaut blessings for you all. 'of the night .with the colored And "others in the home but the mother? To begin with,. we bear you our testistrung here and there. mony that the work we are engaged in is who iu the Relief Society but the president? The S iU Lake Assembly Hall, in which of God. That the Church of Jesus Christ And as with the, piesident so- with the the Convention was held, was, a dazzling Saints and the Relief Society, counselors, and indeed, all the other officeis. of Latter-dascene of splendor by night and more elabor- in the iucmbct were of that society And a then: .which- is Church, every portion the decorated than ever before, That of it her duty and privilege to ate'v and horns of cattle tile Lord. consider should organized by the' Prophet heads making it very we knew Joseph Smith personally, and saw. uphold and assist by every merfns at her and the seals of all 'the States and heard him many times .speaking to the disposal, the officers of the society 4o which-sh- 'pictu; esquct arrange'! around, fte gallery, were very filled with the Spr.sit Saints when he was belongs; just as a loving,' faithful interesting indeed. of the Lord that his countenance became daughter in the home;should seek to relieve The reception at the Knutsford Tuesday as much as burdened mother, and likea looked he and the heavily spoke transparent, the 15th, was a..grajidafTair, both reevening and anxieties -her of bore Ghost And the Holy possible, heavenly being. for ringers and citizens.' The Governor wifiess to us that Joseph Smith was a true sponsibilities. and j lew of ibe ladies committee (his meet often, shouldtogether sisters. God. The of the living prophet staff, nd Gen Cannon tf the N, G. U., in re desire to leave this testimony with ami a good, reliable record should be kept uniform) received the guests in the center A reSccietary done. is and competent all that understand of to and have you. you all, of the r.arlor, which was very handsomely is a most important factor in a society. The member that the Prophet of the Lord organized decorated'. in liouor of the and our Relief Society that we fuight have the Treasurer's office is also a weighty one, and .ladieselaborately and gcnUemeii of the Convention. 'filled by. careful selection. 01 be kind same must the of glorious privilege doing Other- rooms were beautifully decorated as And the teachers oh what a responsible work that our Lord and Savior did when a scene How much well as tire dancing hall, which was hold teachers the this earth. position upon The music was very fine and We all know that he was interested in tliev require the Spirit of the Lord to help of1euity. d pleasantly, notwithTheir visits to the the evening, pas-eduties! the intheir them and sick the afflicted, after the .looking the immense crowd. be in all kindness, love standing ever must sisters and the deaf the the dumb, and Much' credit is due the General Commit- needy, poor and encourage to comfort, the blind and all who were discouraged or and sympathy, Wisdom and tee. of which the Governor was chairman, We Should .do all relieve all suffering ones. in any way troubled. and Mrs. Holmes, who furnished all the their gifts. be should among'' discretion the to these things cheerfully, according made the rooms so we have but beautiful flowers that which These with for requisites, set has beautiful example lie us, attractive. are some of the qualificapatience and long suffering, suclr as con- "briefly mentioned make The receptions in private residences officers in to capable necessary tions tinued with Him to the last. of the party were all to be supposed given to the ladies is not It Relief the the Society. Questions are often asked concerning very pleasant alTairs,andone hopes a happy office every sister to when and appointed that of Salt. Lake City to these requisite of a Relief Society president to undertake her remembrance be will prepared We fully other officers of the organization. may. ladv visitors from dl parts of the United of making duties without" the probability answer that the .holding of the. sacred .posiStates'. be willing to must we But a mistakes. is tion of President over a Relief Society" On Friday afternoon, January, iS, Mrs. of because It means' "much learn and' never be discouraged and other ladies at the Mayor's, very responsible calling. Thompson V some failures. besides the honor that may be attached to it Mrs. McCornick and ladies at her residence, toconsult must a The officers of. society It means 'constant care and solicitude,, as Iiohip nil el Mrs. Snow at the Bee each other e, and edifying well as' actual labor with head and hands gether, instructing IllVe WSLli a lew ur HCl i'iciiu3,wi.uv.u iuwx the reunderstand to come 'so all .that may to keep all matters pertaining to the society ' homes from 2 to 5 to the visitors of the of their positions. making the occasion as festive as such misunderstandings straight and right: to see that there is no quirements we will party that say, And here for al entertainments catv be by furnishing suffering of anyndnd in any quarter over which arise, may and disagreements which .she has supervision, that there is' a appropriate drapery settle in all the best ot music and time "should sisters the the in and occasion. society, and decorating foi the possibility of relieving. :J '. among effectually and quietly When a sister accepts the position of kindness, At the Bee Hive, which is a historic house' .'orsranized society ..., nre an a: tiipv built early, in the settlement of Salt Lake president over a Relief Society; she should to and grace a program of the songs and music had endeavor to fully consider the importance of and should have the power Where "they. City, difficulties. lac, "their own that position. The charitable, loving, been printed, and each guest was given one who of God, ask iisdom, let them giyetlf as a souvenir of the occasion. - Some of the 'Gospel feelings which she must cherish toit ana not, wards her counselors, the .other officers and liberallv and upbraideth best talent of the city gave .both vocal and sriven all members of the Society. And the couninstrumental selections from the greatest a Am'ons our- younS; penple, "owlcdgj. selors should be one' with, the president, al. x..- - Dai of SnVMPiv work .: .r 01 uui So many things have transpired during ways sustaining and upholding her in their ot the design it than more general made be should a should, Is a "01D . OF LOVE AND GREETING. -- the-thr-ee s . at-l- et the-purpose- - Y JJ-SL'- , . s, ' -- con-elud- e con-tinne- d - aud-colaborer- of-0- - : p I ! ' ' I public-building- far-reachi- Tight-iugeniou- vly - , ! He-wa- s . -- 111 . -- . : - ; various duties. . The president ..... , , 