W oilman 's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation Vol. 30 CONTENTS. The Daughters of the Pioneers, ..Susa Y. Gates Autobiography of Sarah B. Layton Jordan Stake R. S. and P. A. Report. E Gardner Letter from Canada Susan Grant The King's Daughters. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY, have arisen in different hearts as they read about your sayings and doings. It is meet and proper that the daughters of the men and women who struggled and wept, prayed and toiled to find and people these valleys should band themselves together. For what purpose ? For what indeed I have read your constitution and noted the objects named therein as the cogent reasons for your existence as a body. They were good and Yet I fancied I read they were desirable. between the lines a deeper reason, a truer purpose than was there expressed. The aristocracy of the old world long ago perceiving that true nobility meant service, the true, intelligent service of the strong for the weak, wrote upon their banner a significant sentence, "Noblesse Translated it reads, "Much is oblige." rightly expected of one of high birth or No. 1901. Q 2 yoi:rs and mine dear friends halting upon a bairen waste, planting, plowing, irrigating, sowing, reaping, building, washing, baking, weaving and spinning as the rapid 11 And what was the special 11 days go on. Now is the Time 11 mission of those men and women who New Organization Luella Hasty 14 came prior to 1850. To plant and to reap Celebration Anniversary Alice M. Card 14 for whom ? For those who were to come R. S. and P. A. Reports 14 To build and to fashion, to make after Notes and News 16 and mend, to spin and to weave for whom ? Editorial Woman's Building 12 For the weaker ones who were left behind, Old Folks' Day 12 came after to scrimp and save, to burwho Wear and Tear 12 Hurry, About Art 12 row and lend, to gather up teams and Mrs. Harrington's Party 13 wagons, money and provisions what for ? Visit of Mrs, Sewall 13 To send for those who were weaker and Editorial Notes 13 poorer and therefore left behind. Emma A. McCracken 9 There was no one who arose and said, Poetry June A Century Poem, 1901. . ..Emily B. Spencer n "Congratulate me, for I am a Pioneer of But the thought in the great Pioneers!" the heart was, "God has sent me because I JUNE. am strong and can work hard and long to BY EMMA A. M'CRACKEN. prepare a place for others to share who come after me!" station." We walked through a fragrant moonlit way, We daughters have no need to spin and My love and I, in the sweet June weather. When a noble youth was led to do an The eyes of the flowers that watched the day ignoble or a dishonorable act, his eyes weave, to milk and to churn, to toil and Had folded their dewy lids together; to struggle; our fathers and our mothers, ' would be turned to the banner upon the And the noise of the day, its toil and strife, wall and his repentance was usually swift Heaven bless them forever, planted the The calm of the night had caused to cease, All the earth seemed living a dreaming life, and lasting. It is that thought all the way roses for the beds of ease upon which our And into my life stole its perfect peace. down the line of life which has given to us bodies now repose. Their hands were torn the culture, the gentle breeding which and lacerated with the thorns and stings as My love bent down his stately head And whispered too low for the flowers to hear, graces the highest and hest society of they planted so unselfishly for us. But Do 'Twas but one word; yet my cheek grew red, they have bequeathed to us a legacy. Some of it is sham and pretence, today. And my heart's quick throbs I could almost it? know no doubt, but men and women must either you hear. Most of those mighty souls, our fathers 'Twas the one word "Darling !" yet by it I knew be or pretend to be noble, unselfish and and of would if others mothers, lie with their faces to the sun The best of life that a woman knows; gently thoughtful they and the And the silence echoed it through and through, in green earth over their breasts. But if mingle high society. From the stars in the sky e'en down to the rose. here today, and could speak to were they This, then, of you must be required, would their dear lips say ? "Rewhat you, For you are, as it this and much more. When again June blossoms their fragrance shed, member, O, my daughters, that for which My love and I by the altar stood. were, setting yourselves aside as a class, ! To do When the words that made us one had been said, not only the standard of the we labored, suffered and died and, therefore, God to service and to all mankind." My love spoke low, but I understood; world for its gentle born and bred must be And with that "Darling !" a vision blest That is their message ! Of the coming years stretched long and fair; applied to you, but a higher standard still To be known for loving humility, for And my tremulous heart found perfect rest, the standard of the Pioneers, the Gospel For peace had taken its dwelling there. patient endurance, for constant helpfulness standard itself. Shrink not at these words, lest there be To frown upon sin and deceit, to disBut when another June time came, . those among you who are not of my faith; courage vanity, extravagance, highminded-nessI cannot tell if the world were fair; be to Not worldliness. all other and For my love and I and one whose name the Gospel is so broad, so beautiful that its out as the richly-dresstproudly E'en brought a chill to the summer air, wings fold themselves lovingly about every pointed to be of Walked slowly down to a darkling tide, the but Pioneers, going daughters shall its I And child of earth. by light, Where "Darling !" I heard with my love's last as of the gentle spoken, quietly-clasay nothing that can wound any heart or thought breath; of the great men and meek daughters which could not be accepted by any good And there I knew our ways must divide; all who women I must walk alone while he crossed with Death gave loving service 1.0 man or woman. There is, then, a higher standard. That Utah. To seek out the newly arrived And when on his mute lips m) kisses fell, If any among you would be emigrant, the struggling orphan, the opof Christ. I whispered low one single word; widow and to offer help and succor; Yet I gave him back his last farewell great, let him be least and the servants of pressed service of the true daughters of is the this And I think that surely his soul must have all. Pioneers. the heard. There be those whose parents came later Now I calmly wait through the Junes that are To be loyal, true, faithful and fond, this than your chosen time limit; many of For a brighter June that is yet to be, is what I read between the lines of your these are equally worthy with yourselves. When into those mansions that lie afar As I so read it, I join you in Constitution. With 'Darling !" my love shall welcome me. For God hath not designed that all His and strike hands with each one all great ones shall do great work in this of humility true Daughters of the Pioneers. you, world. This, however, is beyond your TO THE DAUGHTERS OF THE PIONEERS. Susa Young Gatss power to remedy, and your time limit seems fitly chosen. My Dear Friends and Companions'. But with thousands of my brothers and Mrs. Pearl Young and Mrs. Ksielia I am not able to meet you today, nor sisters, I ask myself, what is the full purTruenell, of New York, have proclaimed have I been so at any of your meetings. pose of this society ? the incorporation of a billion dollar mining But in sympathy and feeling I have been Through the lines of your preamble, I u with each time, and because of this read these beautiful words: Loving, Loyal company with themselves as the probable heads and the certain establishers and continued absence I have taken the liberty Service ! The name of the new concern of speaking to you on paper. Help for the weak, succor for the poor, promoters. the is Queen Mining Company, and it has Many people have noted the inception of aid to the struggling and peace for the been incorporated in Pierre, S. D., with a this society with varied emotions curiostried and tempted. I can see your fathers and mothers, putative capital of $1,000,000,000. ity, interest, envy, hope all these may q 10 10 ! ! ! a, d, ! I 'a 