WOMAN'S EXPONENT. my friend. David says they that trust in the Lord shall never be confuunded. I have been a member of this Church for years, and have seen the rise and fall 01 many promising men and women. And xvhep trouble came upon leaders of the Church and persecution spread among the Saints and many whom to ' fifty-seve- n might think were strong in the faith would begin to discover that something was wrong with the leaders of the Church, and they, like one of old, would put out the hand to steady the ark and would think that they knew more about matters than the men who were inspired of the Lord to lead the people. They would find fault and sit in judgment over the faults of some of their best friends, urtil they would lose the spirit of the Lord and go into darkness, and many to their death with no light, no hope of eternal life, because they loved a lie better than they did the truth. There is no real happiness in this life only by doing our duty and living according to the revealed word of the Lord We need not be deceived by any false teaching if we do our duty, attend to our prayers and shun evil. God and Satan will never be friends. If we want our Heavenly Father to bless us we must keep His commandments.' Oh, how pleased He would be if we lived so as to say with him of old. "I know that my Redeemer liveth." But that is our privilege, the privilege of every one who enters the waters of baptism; for when they do that they take upon themselves a great reThere is a great deal imsponsibility. in plied saying we are members of the Church and kingdpm of God. We should live so that we' would be worthy of the title of Saint, and not have it said of us, that we are Saints only in name. we the work of calling the officers' roll, read- ing minutes and Stake reports and presentation of officeis was attended to, the following brethren and sisters occupied the time: Sister Margaret Jarvis reported the society of the St. John's ward as in fairly good condition. Sister Margaret E- Patterson spoke on the subject of "teaching our children to do right." Sister Lucinda Richey compared our condition here with that of the early days in Utah, showing how much more favorable our financial condition is. Sister Anna L. Anderson gave a nice selection on the organ. Sister Rachel Berry drew a comparison in regard to the exertions we make in intellectual and financial pursuits, stating that "if we were to make as great efforts to gain information as we do to obtain the good things of this earth, we would make much greater progress than we now do." The song entitled "Not a Sparrow Falleih," was sung by Sisters Anna Mal-lor- y and Sarah Nicoll. President E. S. L. Udall read a letter from the General Board in regard to the erection of a joint building proposed for association purposes. She said: "We have sent a copy of the letter to each society in the Stake, with an accompanying letter from the Stake Board, asking them to comply with the request. If we attend to our duties properly we have more comfort and cheer th&n when we aie neglegent, and the Lord blesses us more abundantly. The nature of our temporal labors has a tendency to draw our minds ?from spiiitual things. If we do not set good examples in these matters, we cannot expect our children to take an interest in them. We should follow this motto, "Be yourselves what you would have your children beIN MEMORIAM. come." SISTER C. C. VVN ORDEN. Sister Mary E. B. Farr, by request, read Died, in Lewiston, Utah, at the home of her a poem from the Exponent, entitled, daughter. Sister C. C. Van Orden, aged 74 years "Words that Bless," then of the inspoke and 7 months, after a severe and lingering illness the touches caused by cancer, bhe was born in Birmingham, spiration in good poetry, that said she Also hearts. Embraced the Gospel in the finest chord in our England, in 1826, land of her birth in 1853, ad emigrated to Utah had noticed a spirit in many to make more in 1854, sailing on the ship, Windemere. better lives, since She was called to the office of secretary during rapid progress and live the dawn of the new century. the first year of the organization of the Richmond branch of the Relief Society, in the year 1864, Elder E. N. Freeman spoke of the tendacting from that time until 18S9, and during nine that temporal labors have in drawing years of that time as one of the counselors, since ency cur minds from the spiritual things of life. that time as ward teacher for the same until within four years ot her demise. Every thought that is evil tends to a downShe was beloved by her associates for her integward course, and from the abundance of the rity, her love of right and her staunch faith in the heart the mouth speaketh. There is a She was a friend to the poor Gospel of Christ. and a wise counselor in her home; and we recoggreat work for us fathers and mothers to death of our beloved sister the loss of a faithful and energetic worker, a devoted and faithful mother to her family, having a determination to educate them in adverse circumstances. And we highly esteem her faithful and untiring labois and devotion to the interests of Zion, worthy of imitation by her children and friends. Resolved, that we sympathize with the bereaved children in the loss of a loving mother, and with her associates in the loss of a sister in Christ. Resolved, that these resolutions be recorded on the Relief Society book, and that they be published in the Woman's Exponent. nize in the do. Elder John I. Lesueur said: "I believe the Relief Society is one of the best organWrhen izations we have in the Church. of distress there is sickness or any kind, I feel they are always on hand to assist. not only by to support this organization, means with but and prayers, faith, my when necessary. Piesident David K. Udall spoke of the care that should be exercised in setting Hannah T. Brower. proper examples before our children; that we educate them to be pure in thought and R. S. REPORT. Said to the mothers, "Keep your action. ST. JOHN'S STAKE. bovs off the streets and at home as much as Do not let them go out with Conference of the Relief Society of the possible. crowds of men and boys when not necesSt. Johns Stake of Zion was held in the sary. Academy Building at St. Johns, Arizona, The choir sang, "The God that others LUdall March 8, 1901, President E. S. ' Benedicworship is not the God tor me.' . presiding, H. J. Piatt. After the usual opening exercises and tion by Patriarch - 3i ' PANGUITCH STAKE. The Panguitch Stake Relief Society conference was held in Escalante Tabernacle, June 14, 1901, President Elizabeth DeLong presiding. There were present of the presiding priesthood of the Stake, the Stake president of the Relief Society and one of her counselors, also many brethren and sisters from the different "wards. Conference opened by singing. Prayer by President David Cameron. Singing. Minutes of previous meeting read. Roll called, four wards out of ten being well represented. President Elizabeth DeLong spoke at great length about the Word of Wisdom, caring for children, the erection of the Woman's Building in Salt Lake City and the duty of teachers. Sister Nancy Riddle reported Escalante ward. President Elizabeth DeLong reported Panguitch; Sister Chaffm, Circleville ward; Counselor Adelia Crosby spoke on the privileges of the Relief Society and also the Peace Congress and read a piece from the Exponent. President Cameron said it was necessary for the mothers to have full knowledge of the Gospel so they could teach their children the principles of the Gospel. SingMeeting adjourned until 2 p. m. Benediction by Counselor James ing. Houston. Conference reconvened at 2 p. m. Singing. Prayer by Counselor M. M. Steele. President Elizabeth DeLong Singing. Adelia Crosby, on account Sister stated that of her many duties, wished to resign her position as Stake secretary, her resignation was accepted. Margaret Haycock was chosen in her place and was elected by unanimous vote. A circular letter from the General Board was then read by Counselor Adelia Crosby. Counselor M. M. Steele spoke of the freedom and liberty of the women of our society compared with the women of the world. Singing by the choir. Meeting continued by presenting for vote the General and Stake officers, all of whom were sustained. Counselor Adelia Crosby spoke urging the mothers to pray for their children, that they may not be led astray. Brother Twitchel was pleased to meet with the sisters. Spoke a short time on prayer. Choir sang. Sister Shirts felt like doing all she could to help the society. Sister Twitchel was pleased to have the privilege of meeting with the people, bore a truthful testimony. President DeLong thanked the choir, also gave a little good advice to mothers. Sister Riddle thanked the sisters for their visit. Minutes read and approved. Singing. Benediction by Louis Duel. Margaret Haycock, WAYNE Sec, STAKE. Relief Society conference was held at Lyman, June 11, 1901, President Jane S. Coleman presiding. Singing. Prayer by Patriarch E. H. Blackburn. Singing, "Come, let us anew." Minutes of the previous conference read and accepted. President Coleman prayed that we might be fed with the bread of life. She felt that 