WOMAN'S EXPONENT, sible manner, and' we must ask the LoH daily what we should do to accomplish this and to keep theni from going astray; There is much required of thosp who preside and let us sustain them, and do all we Tfet us have all can to help each other, " the union that we can and all the love that . rilived anion c the noor Thf Savior u ,m She believed He had a. great and lowly. We are all on the respect for the poor. LorcTs side. And let .us, live so that we may belong to that tried people who will get their reward- - Jlereafier. Adviseoy the sisters to keep correct reports, referred to President Brigham Young' wjio said the wnmpti had been slighted., their work. had not been recorded, and one month before his death he established quarterly confer-ence- s that the women might be represented. Unred that every member pay ten cents a year for the general fund, the Lord gives us all we have, and we should not feel this a hardship, but give it willingly .S, Singing, VI need Thee every hour." Sister Julia TM. Farnsworth bore testi mony to the remarks of the previous speakers. She was proud of the Relief Society. Said women made .but little advancement in the world until the Prophet Joieph ' Smith organized the Relief Society. xx W WV w m m 1 (D f , the reports given 'were very creditable, and would be very glad when our General Building was completed, so that the sisters could have the use of it. Spoke of her mother's motto, which was "Trust in God and fear no evil." '. Singing. ."How firm a foundation." Benediction by Sister Harriet Jacobs. . . . niternoon session cuuvcucu at z u ciuck. Meeting opened by singing, "Joy to" the Thought -- . 1 . . Brother Win. R. Webb. The choir, sang an anthem, "Heavenly Father, hear our prayer." Cedar Fort Relief Society was reported by President Elizabeth Berry; Alpine, by President Sarah Marsh, and Manila by President Isadora Beck. The reports were quite encouraging. The officers and teachers all seemed alive to their duties and willNearly all ing to take hold of any work. the wards have granaries with considerRealized that able amount of grain. the Relief Society is just the place for women to work out their salvation and learn to rear their children to serve the 4 , Lord. President Jane S. Richards felt honored to see the brethren come to help the sisters. Thought we were a blest people, we enjoy each other's society, and one of the best things that ever happened to us is to be oiganized in this society?)" Wished the sisters would, visit those, who are tardy and hold meetings with them. Desired all the sisters to be alive to their duties, and . . to-meeti- ng no one should be neglected. Said she used to visit twenty-five branchesevery year, visitSister Eliza R. ing; will keep them alive. Snow used to be very energetic in visiting. The Lord will assist us in oiir duties. He us His spirit to aid and improve ; will-giv- R K. Let us respect the authorities over us,, Choir,-- who had attended, and cheered us " ', a"nd if we have trouble, settle it without with sweet music. t. dismissto rather teachers. us the Let us with, Thy gcyto Singing, "Lrd going the Lord, and He will, help "us if we are uicuiy. . ijcucuiciiun uy urotner wm.' Conference adjourned for three Grant. humble before Him. ' . . v Singing, "Only remembered by what I months. Emma Fkathkrstone Sec. have done." Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth saiid as the. home is incomplete without the mother,, Errata: We regret that in. theminnw so the Relief Society is not perfect without of the anniversary celebration of the Sixth the brethren. She was proud to know the warusiuis cuy, iasi issue oitne paper, there pioneer men and women ot this country-e , ,Yie counselor m ? ai l."c "ui Always had an interest in Relief , Society U1C work, for it was established by the Prophet and thenciouuci), oibier mien k. Watson, misprint makes the name .West, in Joseph Smith. Spoke of the General stead ol her real name, Watson. Building to be erected for the use of the sisters. Thougnt we had one of the finest sites in Salt Lake Ciry. L Brother Geo. Cunningham encouraged the sisters in their work of relieving suffer Referred to the widow ing . humanity. And wlien yoiuget a dollar, deiosit ii who cast in two mites. 4t is the little with Zion's Savings Bank . & Tru.m sisters these are the oldest and larijebt saving Company, things that count, but xi rT...i. u uuutv mil. a doing great work. Sister Harriet Jacobs said the Lord was Since the establishment of the bank We alwavs willinsr to bless His children. we havo opened more than 19,000 haye had 4a feast today in answer to prayer accounts. it we coula realize our true position we would never, willingly stay away from The laws of Utah permit married The Lord blesses his people. meeting. women and alao children who are minors we want our sons ana aaugnters to go to open savings accounts in their own forth and help to spread the Gospel. Spoke name, subject to their own order.. Have such an account? If not. oien you of the blessing of paying tithing and desired one NOW to stirnulate the sisters to do their duty. Singing, "Our God we raise to Thee." 'e pay ,FOUR PER CENT INSister Annie S. Hindley said we are TEREST on anyamount from one dolGod's children and it is necessary that we lar to thousands,, and compute isaid intei-es' have trials. We must make sacrifices if we a year. Let us be WHITE for any information desired. expect, to receive the blessings. humble before the Lord, and do all the good Lorenzo Snow, Prest. we can. . Geohgk M. Cannon, Cashier Sister ,Zina CMpivjan was pleased to be . . 5 Main Street. .. numbered with the Relief Society, and de Nut. sired to perform every duty required of her. Sister Laura Cutler said. we had a great The Most Convenient Local Train Service work, not only in our own households) but in the community whpre we live. Let us -. in the State is given by the . . . do something to bless mankind and to improve ourselves. President Stephen L. Chipman said we form good resolutions in these meetings, but when we go away we are apt to forget them It is necessary for us to be workWhen ing constantly to keep us in line. we have responsible positions we become us. " - . . . i Save Your Money 1 sav-inj- . . t i-'- 71 four-time- s .l 4. . .- Opecjon brightened. President Jas. H. Clark said here may be found the spiritual backbone bf the comI believe the sisters, a great inmunity. fluence in the Chutch. and in fhe progress of the work of the Lord. "Sisters, you are Your responsibili-- ; acknowledged of God, ties are no less than those of the brethren and are no less recorded in heaven. Brother Wmi Webb felt to congratulate the sisters on the good advice and instruction they had received. We need to labor a as unit in these things. , Let us wake up and do our duty and attend our meetings. President Jemima Durrant made some Felt grateful to the closing remarks. aLso to the "Old; Folks' speakers, ... and FVFL . much as possible for you money. i. v We aim, to Rive bu as Q r"TRV-- Tlw w. w ast Call Daily' .iLfl oan lo Trains Each Way between t:i., uiy n-- dllU j- uyuCII.. . f. . ..... f that your tickets read via the Se "SHORT LINE" And Get the best ITY TICKET OFFICE for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Main St, Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. Short Line Railroad - THOMAS DRY GOODS CO 67 69, - ; - , S. W. Eccles, Gen Tic. Mgr. D. E. Burley, G P. & 1.1 rs 