WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 58 And that no spell can make me evermore, . Half way the rooms of love and life between, With eager hand upon the yieldingdoor.. So Summer on the fabric of my dream An instant in the embers seem-.- to shine", Then faded in the fullness of its gleam: I touched the lips of Memory with mine LADIES' . MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y y Minutes of Ladies', meeting, held October 26, 1901, in the Fourteenth Ward Hall, Counselor K. J. Stevenson-presiding- . Semi-Monthl- ! Opened by singing, "Glorious things are sung of Zion." Prayer by H. A. Badger. Singing, "Now let us rejoice' Minutes read and approved. Counselor Stevenson read part of the hymn, "Nowr let us rejoice," and made remarks on the same. Urged ail to live Grew dim, and so once more was I alone according to the lessons taught therein With childish voices echoant again, Believed we would have faith enough to Ripe Aut'umn sped, like bubbles on her wine, keep the commandments of God if we live And, as the embers grayed and gloomed, in vain for them. Let us live so that we can have I sought the lips of Memory with mine a claim upon the Lord. Spoke of the faith A moment turned she, and, with clouded eyes, of Sister Zina D. H Voting. Bore a testiSought mine across the ever deepening gloom, And then as smoke against the darkness dies, mony of the Prophet Joseph Smith. I saw her pass in silence from the room. Sister Julia C. Howe said Satan has Ah, fire of life, how swiftly then you downed great power, thought we should throw safeTo ashes of what was, and is no more; Loved guards around our young people. As if that she, calm-eye- d and I the serve Lord. who those Had been but shifting moonlight on the floor hough it Old old and Winter, withered, wan and white, might make some jealousy, felt to sustain TT naa come w ciose me seasons laugmng line; Felt we had prophetesses the authorities Yet, ere the embers died to dark, tonight I touched the lips of Memory with mine among us, and she had been healed by them. Guy Wetmore Carryl. Sister Brown said we come to meeting to Was thankful she get food for the soul. A HAPPY AFTERNOON. knew where to go to get comfort for her Sister Johanna Nystrom, of the Twensoul, and was thankful for the love that tieth. Ward, of this city, gave a delightful exists amoiig the sisters dinner party to the aged and infirm widows Sister Sarah J. Cannon felt we ought to of the ward, on Thursday, November 21 lift up our hearts for one another that the 1901. speakers may be inspired of the Lord to The day chosen by Sister Nystrom for give us those things that may increase our anniverthe occasion was the faith and love for one another. Cautioned of her departed husband. all to guard their tongues against injuring sary The presidency of the Relief Society of one another. Said she had visited the the ward, being in attendance, by request Relief Society in Kansas and also visited of the hostess, took charge of the social Nauvoo. Spoke of the good the Relief Twenty-thre- e Society are doing there, and how they are part of the entertainment. Felt we guests were present, while a few who had appreciated by the missionaries. been invited were absent on account of should comfort each other; love and kindillness. ness is the duty of every one. Draw our Some of the favorite songs of Zion were children to us, and k t us try to improve in sung, prayer was offered and earnest heart- doing good every day. Let those around felt testimonies were borne by each of the us see exemplary women in us. sisters in turn, telling of many touching Sister Brazier bore a testimony of the the of and how the Gospel and Joseph Smith. blessings experiences, Lord follow those who trust, and strive Sister Keddington bore a testimony and to serve Him. thanked the Lord for the truth. Portions of the time were, also filled in Sister Martha Morris sang a hymn, with pleasant conversation, and several assisted by the congregation, and also bore her testimony. interesting recitations were given. The oldest one present was Sister Adam-son- , Sister Webb felt we should be thankful who is in her eighty fifth year. for the blessing the Gospel brings us. We At five o'clock the company sat down to a must labor for these blessings or we cannot fine, dinner, a "regular get them, our example goes farther than as the youngest anything else. ' How thankful we ought to dinner," Thanksgiving A leading be that we know we have a Father in of the party expressed it. lady feature of the repast was fat, tender, home heaven wno hears and answers our prayers. raised chicken, cooked as "mother used to Spoke of Temple work, and said remember And there was an abundant our covenants and be faithful to them. do it." of viands, all following harmonSister Mary L. Morris felt to bless the variety same sensible, healthful lihe. sisters. in the iously After dinner the impromptu program Sister F. Smith said it was fifty years since was continued. Speeches, recitations and she joined the Church. She was the first singing were again called for,, and to every of her family, but there were two hundred call a cordial response was cheerfully given. belonging now She had been a counselor Many grateful thanks and prayers for con- in Relief Society work thirt)r years. tinued blessings were warmly expressed to Congregation sang "How firm a foundSister Nystrom for her generous hospital- ation." Sister Harvey felt the Spirit of God was ity, and pleasing memories of Brother kindness to the his Knew this was the true Church Nystrom's poor during present. lifetime were related by several of the of God, realized the work was progressing, Sister J. S. WToolley spoke of the quafi-- ; guests. At an early hour the party closed with fications of a mother, benediction and the ladies went home with Sister Harvey spoke of President A. H. feeling- of satisfaction and peace not soon Lund as being loved in his own home, to be forgotten. Ephraim. L. L. GREENE Richards. Sister Phelps said we do not comprehend The vision changed. The mistletoe at last, Hung o'er the zenith of my phantom life; Midst little crowding faces from the past, Stood one who smiled, and one who whispered "Wife!" For thus I was and thus, alas, were they Whose eyes an instant laughed into my own: But, as I leaned anear to bid them stay, ! ! ashen-gowne- d, . ! . 1 . 1 1 1 1 ! fifty-seven- th old-fashion- -- ; ' j j our blessings, We are like children. It is plain to see these are the last days and the Lord is preparing His children to receive Him. Said much will be performed before that day. Sister WrigBt did not know where to begin to thank the Lord for her blessings. Spoke of the love she had for Brother Knew the Lord inspired His serLund. vants. Sister Irvine spoke of the great work being done by the Y. L M. I. A., referred to Brother Grant's work in Japan,' and of his daughter Lucy being called to Colorado on a mission.. Thought we as mothers were responsible for our children's characters. Let us speak of the good in one another, never allow slander in our presence. Sister H.. A. Badger felt to thank the Lord for her blessings. Was strengthened by attending her .meetings; felt we should visit the aged. Sister Stevenson said President Kimball said time would be jo shoitened it would not be half long enough in the last days. Admonished the mothers to be watchful of their children, mothers do not appreciate their mission in having the sons arid Influence by example daughters of God. and read Sec 27, Doctrine and Covenants. Said it was promised the faints in Big Horn county that if in each home they would sing a hymn, read a chapter and offer prayer each day their children would never go astray. Acjourned for four weeks. Singing, Benediction, Sister Mary P. Doxology. Silver. J. S. Woolley, Sec. RESOLUTIONS ' OF SYMPATHY TO AUNT ZINA. Resolutions 'of respect to the memory of our greatly beloved sister, Zina D. II. Young, by the officers, and members of the Relief Society of the Baker Ward, Oregon. Inasmuch as our Heavenly Father has deemed it prudent to summon from our midst to a heavenly and exalted sphere our. beloved sister and wise counselor, Zina. D. H. Young, President of the Relief Society in all the world, whose congenial influence and motherly counsel have stimulated so many thousands to nobler acts, to purer thoughts to a greater determination to be valiant workers in our Father's kingdom. Therefore, be it Resolved, That we, her in this great work of love, express our. appreciation of her counsel, her example and her lovt of the divine which were manifested so prominently in all her labors that we have enjoyed by our association ... with her. And by these resolutions we testify of her exemplary life, her devotion to truth, her lovable and tender nature and her integrity to every trust reposed in her. Truly the world has "been made better by the presence of such a noble spirit as "Aunt Zina," and the good effects of her labors even in this sphere, are not yet ended, for as the poet truly said, "While the mortal dust is buried in the tomb, the character still walks the earth." So it is with this noble character. She will con' tinue to live in our memories. May we emulate her noble example and by the same sweet spirit she possessed, live to meet her again in holv companionship. woithy And be it further - Resolved, That these resolutions be upon our society records and a copy be placed sent to the W oman's Exponent for publication. Adopted at a meeting of the Relief of the Baker Ward. Union Stake of Zion,Society September 19, 1901. Mary B. Eardi.ey, Josephine Stoker.' Committee. - j Miss Sorabji, a Parsee woman, lately gave a talk upon India at Smith College. 