WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. r- - 72 , d. ". :;.;(-- , in-a- n; ( -- s Nor subjects knees bent in trembli supplementary sale at Philadelphia netted $317, and some goods The OmnijMHent One is kintf o'er all. The reported. are still on hand. Madame Bekosthorn, wife of the Austrian charge if affaires at Pekin, has leen given the cross of the Legion of Honor for her heroic conduct and her assistance to the French during the siege of d ht , ' - her,-broug- - ' imitation large. - ' , vaV Such if they had courage to excel would. do well but it is no trait of a native to be above his fellows: With this people there is little division or distinction, even those who do not belong to the Church must be treated as brethren.Today the Elders broke bread. The brethren came from the other village. after the close of Brother Alexander-callethe services, and talked of his trouble with She is a childish girl, it his native wife. V hat a .is evident she docs not love him. pity that seusiblejnen should involve themselves with these joor ignorant women. They cannot bring them to their level, it is To be. comfortable unwise to attempt it. with them they must descend to their level. The 5th day. Mead winds, no prospect of the ship coming in tomorrow, we shall go to Malm for a few days. Walked to the village, a distance of five miles, wind very Made the high, did not' feel fatigued. the village at twelve, visited and went to She was laying on a see' the sick woman. mat spread upon the ground, a hard pillow for her head. I saw she was dyimg, her feet and hands were cold. Her husband was leaning over her, apparently the only mourner. I felt distressed to see no one doing anything for her relief. I ordered chicken broth, which she took easily. I heated rocks and applied to her hands and I saw they were expecting her to feet. die," and so sat idly down to awTait the event. A large pile of cloths lay near to wrap her in, as their custom is when one dies. She spoke distinctly several times, had her reason well, seemed calm and resigned. zl or ill .0:1 J;;V played their part,. wedding bells and a decree of divorce the They've stae. ,', first is a marriage peal and the second a Have tasted the swceN of earthlv power; world by their human :ui Have measured-th.' marriage repeal. t Then life is' over, brict as an hour. had she An old lady once remarked that tlie dust for. lon a.cs haU-pta Voiceless "often heard of men being struck Keen borne on the air or ocean's foam,' t to able To sounding caverns has secretly crept, happy thought, but had never been Where waves are sinejn u ceaM les , finl out where it hit them." shorn this home of kinvsof their The National Suffrage Bazar cleared (), On a level all who enter here;grandeur ' alxjut $7,000 instead of 6, 000, as at first Xo thrunt-- of gold hasths realm ever k nou n,- toiling all the morning.cleaniug my door-yarI often do such things' to encourage the native women to clean theirs. They in this will pass albng complimenting me ' neke nche hine J foa hara Pa ruitava ' ail the little ana! They seem to think nice habits belong exclusively to the A few there are who have Kurx)peans' the' legation. Only one other foreign woman has been thus decorated Maria Schellenck, a Belgian woman who disguised herself as a man and joined NapoShe beleon's army as a private sofdier. came a corporal, a sergeant and then a She served seventeen years, lieutenant. went through twelve campaigns, and was tight times wounded. Napoleon decorated her personally in 180S. . . And when. you tret a dollar, it Trut with Zion's Savings Bank .Y Company, the oldest and largest n Utah. ? Since the establishment of the. b.inlwe have opened more than 11, 000 savings accounts. " M.. Severance, A Pretty Irish servant maid who had got married, called to see her mistress. "I hear that you-argoing to Australia with your husband, Kitty," said the lady. "Are you not afraid of such a long voyage?" said "Well, ma'am, that's his "I belong to him now, an' if anyKitty., thing happens to me, shure it '1 be his loss, not mine." you such an account? one NOW , e look-out.- " 1 open - pay FOUR PFM CKNT .iviiOi on ui amount iium uue IX- uui- - lar to thousands, and compute said, interest four tjjnes a year. WHITE fpr any information desired. L6kEN.:20 SNOW. PiCsi. Gkorgk M. Cannon, Cashier Xos. -5 Main Street. The Most Convenient local Train Service in the State is given by the ' Utah's doll was presented, not by the The bell was mug and the children Governor's wife, but by the Governor. called together. I organized them into a Gov. Wells is a widower, andthe Salt Lake class and taught them to translate Tahitian ladies felt a delicacy about asking him for words into English, to count and reckon a doll; buthe somehow heard of thefact nearly anything for employment is better that governor's wives in the different The white children amuse States were than idleness. giving dolls to the 'Suffrage themselves ramblincr about and Catherine Bazar, and he at once a comflowers They go often to the bathing mittee of six women to appointed 0 out and buy the I cannot be contented without handsomest doll places. to be found in the city. business and company. Anything like There she was at the Utah booth, looking This employment I grasp with eagerness. bridal in her white laces, and -- none quite is a silent place, no noise but the rumbling, the less elegantly 'attired because the roaring old waves of the sea. women who dressed her were voters. Ex. If not. We , . OREGON SHORT LINE RAILROAD. PIVF fasl Daily Trains Each Way between I L cH r:.. diiu uyucu. nA ooa iaic tuj . . , . . I I (To be continued.) NOTES AND NEWS. THE GENERATIONS. . Friendship, says Robert Hall, is the IiDust unto dust, 'twas decreed at the first O, mortality, turn thou to clay cordial of lift. But a dazzling.splendor ere long will burst W here has flourished No man is so ready for a quarrel with but death and decay. another as he who has a quarrel with him- Proudly monarchs have sat since lonV See that your tickets read via the ! self, - - The difference R, K. '. .., ' SHORT LINE asrd the nation's imperial throne; ' Royal scepters have swayed their hearts acdow ' between the sound of kmpires of earth, seeming all their own ; T H 0 M AS IS 67, 69, 71 On, - D RY GOO DS CO. Main St. Salt Lake City. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE andsolicit your patronage. as much as possible for your money, : - The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have one of the pioneers who could not be present in person at the Suffrage Bazar, was represented by a quantity of beautiful plumes of pampas fcrass, which she sent from her home in Los Angeles 'to the IJucy- Stone booth. -- v Save Your Money!, . Caroline "Mrs. His sceptre must'nde supreme, alone, And this sleeping world soon must hear His ran To judgment, before the (Ircat White Thro;ic. bvii I). Ai 1. .. Stratford, Knland, Nov., .. - fear. We aim to give you TRY US And Get the best CITY TICKET OFFICE ; lor tickets to ail points, 100 Wes Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Itah. . S. W. ECCLES, D r, E. Q, P, A U 