WOMAN'S 4 LADIES' Sister Lydia D. Alder felt we should feel MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y EXPONENT. it is a privilege to speak in these meetings. The Ladies' Meeting was held in the 14th Ward hall, August 31, Speaking of Sister Zina she said: "Who has she not administered to? Who has 1901, with President M. I. Home presidshe not blessed? 'He is with us all the ing. Singing, "O, my Father." Prayer Aunt Zina said, 'there is no dark by Counselor Elizabeth Webb. Singing, way,' "When first the glorious light of truth." shadow to pass through, make the best of Minutes of former read and it.' Said she had not the fear of death that Semi-Month- ly meeting accepted. President Home said though our President, Zina D. H. Young's, body was waiting to be buried, she felt there was no need to mourn for her, her life was well spent, she was a true Mother in Israel, she had spent her life time in this work, and her life was almost perfect. She never spoke of people's faults, she never wished to hear anyone find fault with another, especially the authorities of the Church. There is too much of it in Zion. We have a great many trials but the Lord has ordained it, and He will always bring comfort to us. When we are possessed of evil spirits let us rid ourselves of them. Counselor Elizabeth J. Stevenson said when she came into the room she thought, "O, ye faithful ones !" There are always a iew faithful. She had recently visited Bear Lake Stake, she enjoyed meeting with the sisters. She had been acquainted with our Mother, Aunt Zina, about forty-fiv- e She honored and revered her beyears. cause of her faithfulness and integrity to She would never say an unthe truth. kind word of any one, but helped all to We must abide by the gain a blessing. to others as we wish to "Do golden rule, be done by," not be jealous, but be prepared to stand in holy places.. Sister Barnes spoke of blessings bestowed upon her by Aunt Zina, felt she had been one of God's noble women. Sister Mary L- Morris said that Aunt years ago, in this hall, Zina, twenty-fiv- e said there were two things she always wanted to get away from, "a house on fire and a person speaking evil of another." The congregation sang "This God is the God we adore.'.' A sister bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel. Sister R. R. Grant felt happy to meet with her sisters, thankful she could be numbered with the Saints. She had received a letter from her son, H. J. Grant, that he was on ship board, was well and Felt we should alblessed of the Lord. we can be have the privithat ways happy for of the life to come. preparing lege Gardner said she felt the Sister Margaret words of Sister Zina D. H. Young would perhaps have more weight with us now she is gone. Sister Barnes spoke of the grand reception there was in heaven when such faithful ones as Sister Zina entered. Sister Nebeker felt thankful she was born in this dispensation and she was willing to listen to the teachings of the Gospel. Said she had spent many pleasant hours with Aunt Zina and her sister, Presendia Kimball. Elizabeth Buzzo spoke of her love for Sister Zina D. H. Young an,d her familiar association with her. Sister Shoenfeld spoke of the blessings that had been bestowed upon her by Sister Zina and her sister and all she promised had been fulfilled. Sister Smart said she felt that our loss was Sister Zina's gain, remember her last words, "Let us make the best of it." she once had, we do not come alone, neither do we go alone. " Alluded to the blessing Sister Zina had given her before she went on her mission abroad. Sister Mary P. Silver could not tell of the blessings she had received from Sister Zina, her life had been a blessing to us. Sister Stevenson spoke of the bless;ng President Lyman had given Aunt Zina before going to Canada, and bow his words had been fulfilled. Sister Arnold related a dream and bore her testimony. Sister Paul bore her testimony, and Sister Irvine spoke of the comfort and blessing Sister Zina had been to her. Sister Mair wondered what would life be without the Gospel, she could not imagine. President Home said it was profitable to her to meet with her sisters here. Meeting adjourned. Singing. "Weep, weep not for me, Zion." Benediction by Maria W. Wilcox. J. S. Woolley, Sec. . A GOOD WOMAN GONE. We have been called upon to chronicle the death of our dear departed sister, Sarah Ann Stevenson Fullmer, who died at her home September 7, after an illness of six weeks. She was the mother of twelve children, seven sons and five daughters, all of whom are living, seventy nine grandchilof whom are living and dren, sixty-eigfive great grandchildren. She had the satisfaction of having all her children with her during her last illness. All that loving hands could do was done to keep her with us, but the Lord ordained otherwise, and through his mercy she passed away calm as a summer morning, none realizing that death was so near. - ht BIOGRAPHICAL. I ! She was born in England, July 31, 1835, and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Saints in 1848. Her Christ of Latter-dawas home father's always a stoppjng place for the Elders. Young as she was she took great pleasure in distributing tracts and helping them sing the songs of Zion, as she was a beautiful singer. In the year 1853 she emigrated to America with her parents, remaining in Philadelphia where she worked with her father at the tailor trade until 1855, when she came to Salt Lake City with a company of Saints. On October 12, of the same year, she married John S. Fullmer and moved to Spanish Fork in 1857 re maining there until 186 1, when she again moved and made her home in Springville, and there the greater portion of her family were born. Those who have undergone the hardships of those early days in Utah can in a measure know what they were to her. Her husband losing his all in the drivings of Nauvoo, pioneering into Salt Lake and neighboring towns and devoting his time and talent for missionary work and large families on his hands, it necessitated all to do what they could to make the burden lighter, and this she bravely did, as all who know her can attest. Being an and seamstress her a profather expert fessional tailor, she helped him in his shop year after year, working in the late hours of the night to prepare her home and little ones to again leave on the morrow. In 1881 her husband come into Castle Valley, with the desire, as this country was new, of getting her comfortably located with land for her boys, who had by that time grown to be a great help. Shortly &fter they had moved into their new home the husband and father died, leaving her to be father and mother to that large family of children which she has creditably accomplished. Her farm being five miles from town she has often walked that distance to attend her meetings. She was a zealous worker for many years, being chosen teacher of the Theological department when the Sunday School was first org an ized in this place. Whn the Relief Sociwas was chosen first she ety organized counselor to the president, she frequently traveled with the Stake officers through the Stake, and later in the absence of President Annie U. Larson at the Temple at Manti was chosen as aid" she became thoroughly known and loved by the sisters through the Stake. Nature had endowed her with the attributes of a nurse and for many years she was seen at the bedside of the suffering and in times of sickness she knew no fear. Alter her children were sufficiently grown that she could spare the time she began to write, bringing forth that latent talent for her own development and the benefit of her sister woman. She frefor wrote the quently Exponent, her articles being strong and forceful. e We can truly say of her she was a woman. When the Suffrage Association was organized through the territory she was chosen president of Emery Co She was sent twice as a delegate to the conventions held at Salt Lake city to represent this county. After statehood the ladies of this place deciding the Suffrage Association no longer necessary organized a club for educational purposes, naming it the Union Club. She succeeded Mrs. Lizzie Reid as president and was sent as a delegate to the Federation of Clubs held in Salt Lake City. Politically she has ever been thoroughly Democratic and has been chosen a delegate by her party many times to the County Conventions where she has ever stood up for justice and correct principles. She was elected school trustee of this place and was July, 1900, without an opponent. of the little children-wil- l Many miss her presence in the school room. In all her walks in life Sister Fullmer has been thorough, her motto being "what was worth doing at all, was worth doing well. ' ' One of her greatest characteristics wis punctuality, nothing annoyed her more than being late. We feel she has now gone on to higher attainments and greater opportunities, for we know there is no standing still to an ambition such as 'hers, and although we will ever miss her we can of a truth proclaim "She hath done what she could." Jane R. Cox, Josie E. Childs, Committee. self-mad- 