WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A PLEASANT GATHERING. It is always a pleasure to meet, even now and then, old friends and new ones under auspicious circumstances, and in delightful homes where great hearts hold out the hand of welcome and fellowship with kindOf this ly feeling and gracious manner. nature was the afternoon At Home on Tuesday, October 21, at the pretty cottage on Twelfth East St., where Mrs. Anna Sharp and her daughter, Mrs. Jeannette and daughter-in-law- , Mrs. Ferguson. David Sharp', received their invited guests from two to six. Autumn leaves tastefully arranged with ivy and smilax, and great vases of magnificent chrysanthemums and cosmos adorned the parlors and gave the rooms the appearance of a fairy scene. The tables from which the guests were served were not wanting in floral decorations and superb women shone conspicu-ausl- y in pouring the tea and coffee, while young girls with modest grace served the delicious refreshments in the happiest manner. In the library one might refresh herself from the punch bowl presided over by one who knew well how to do the honors, and indeed there was nothing lackiug to attract the attention and admiration of all who delight in these social festivities. Society owes much to those who biing people together even for an hour's enjoyment in meeting with a cordial grasp of the hand, those whose presence and friendly feeling strengthen the ties of social life and help to bind communities together. OBITUARIES. ALICE R. CUNHA. Alice R. Cunha was born December 23rd, 1866, in Richfield, Sevier Co., Utah. Died September 4, ioor, at Castle Dale, Emery County, Utah. Was first counselor of the Relief Society of Castle Dale. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, it has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove our dear sister and take her to a higher sphere, therefore be it Resolved, That we mourn her loss as a faithful worker in the cause of truth and that we desire to emulate her earnest labors; and be it Resolved, That we tender our sympathy to the bereaved husband and daughter, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence of His Holy Spirit rest down upon them, that they may realize that she has only gone before and is enjoying the rest of the faithful and will come forth to a glorious immortality and eternal life. And be it Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be placed on our record, one sent to the bereaved family and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Sarah S. Lrsen, Se, BETSY MASON BROWER. Sister Betsy Mason Brower died July 29, 1901, in Lewiston, Utah, at the home of her daughter, Sister E. C. Van Orden, after a severe and linThe deceased gering illness caused by cancer. She was born was aged 74 years and 7 months. in Birmingham, England, in 1826; and embraced the Gospel in the land of her birth in 1853, emigrating to Utah in 1854, sailing on the ship, Windermere She was called to the office of secretary during the first year of the organization of the Richmond branch of the Relief Society in the year 1864. acting from that time until 1889. Nine years of that time she labored as counselor. From that time on she labored as teacher, until within four years of her demise. She was beloved by her associates for her integrity, her love of right and her love of truth and She her staunch faith in the Gospel of Christ. was a friend to the poor and a wise counselor in her home; and we recognize in the death of our beloved sister the loss of a faithful and energetic worker, a faithful mother to her family, having a determination to educate them in adverse circumstances. And we highly esteem her faithful and labors and devotion to the interests untiring of Zion worthy of imitation by her children and friends. The Relief Society of Richmond showed their very high esteem for Sister Brower by the presentation of a beautiful anchor of white roses. These were buried with dear "Aunt Betsy," as she was known by all. In return for which the children and friends return their sincere thanks. E. C. V. Lewiston, Utah, Oct. 2, 1901. ANN holt. Ann Holt, the subject of this sketch, was born August, 3, i82f in Dorsetshire, England. Her parent's names were Thomas Harrison and Harriet Flann. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-dataints August 15, 1849, by Elder Job Daley. In connection with her husband, Mathew Holt, (who died in May last) a son and daughter, she left her native country for the land of Zion in 1863, arriving in Salt Lake City, October 4, of the same year. Here she was met by James and Maria Oliver, with whom the following day she went to South Jordan, Salt Lake Co., Utah, where she made her home until the day of her She was the only death, September 25, iqoi. one of her father's family who feared God more than mammon and had the stamina to accept the Gospel. Before emigrating she assisted the Elders in their singing upon the street corners and elsewhere and because of her connection with the Church and bold defence of the same she received the scoffs and scorns of the world, Many times have stones, rotten eggs, etc. been hurled at her. yet she did not waver. After arriving in the valleys of the mountains she continued to serve her God and succeeded in driving mammon farther fram her each 5'ear of her life. At the time of the organization of the Relief Society of South Jordan in 1869, she was chosen as its first president, which position she held until her death, thirty-tw- o years. She was kind, gentle and loving to such a great extent that she demanded the love and respect of all who knew her. She was wise in counsel, which was sought by Those who have acall, both male and female. cepted it never failed in being greatly benefited. She has been a queen among her own sex. a mother to the orphans, a peace maker unto the peace bieakers, a comforter unto the downcast and a blessing unto the world. She sought not honor, nor glory of man or the riches of this earth. Her eyes were ever heavenward, her ears ever open to the whisperings of the Spirit of God, her arms ever outstretched to relieve the sick and afflicted and her feet always in that straight and narrow way. After 75 years in this sinful world she has passed to the great beyond, a ruler in God's Kingdom and a savior upon Mount Zion, leaving a numerous posterity and hosts of friends to mourn her y . loss. Peace be to her ashes and God grant her a full exaltation which she has so faithfully earned. A. M. A BIOGRAPHY. SARAH PRICE JONES ROBERTS. I was born in May, 1828, in the Parish My of Westbury, Shropshire, England. father's name was William Price, my mother's name was Eleanor Beedle Price. I was the youngest but one of eight children, three boys and five girls. My patents were a very honest and upright couple, and they always taught us to My childhood be honest and truthful. at but when I were home, spent days a with lived I gentleman's famgrew older which I returned after a while, ily for when eighteen years of age I home, and William Jones in the West-bur- y to was married Church, May 1846. Saint Elder In 1849 I heard a Latter-da- y came to a sound preach and the joyful thankful heart. After hearing the glad message four times I embraced the same, being baptized by Elder John Tibbets, and - was confirmed a member of the Church of Saints by Elders Jesus Christ of Latter-daTibbets and John John James. I prayed to the Lord for a testimony and if it was true to bless me with a child. He answered by giving me a son, born July 6, 1850, but he only lived to comfort me ten short days and then went back to the One who gave him. We named him Handley husband was a good, kind husJones, My band and an honorable man, and we lived very happily together. I used to preach the Gospel to him and tried to get him to see as I did, but he did not want any religion and would not embrace it. I told him I would have to leave him and go to Utah, but he did not think I would. We lived happily together for twenty-threyears, with the exception of religion, which was everything to me and I left him, my home and all my dear ones on the 26th of July 1869, to cross the mighty deep to join the Saints in Utah. While on the sea I sent a letter to my husband and it almost broke his heart, for he did not know I was gene, and you, dear readers, can better imagine my feelings when writing this letter than I can write them; but the Lord says that "he that will not leave father and mother and all for my sake, is not worthy of me." So I thought it was time for me to make the sacrifice. I had a good voyage over the sea and took the train for Ogden, "which did not come any nearer in those days in Utah. Brother Wm. T. Higginson met me at the depot and took me to his home in The 15th of Bountiful, Davis Co., Utah. April, 1870, he with his family and myself moved to Goshen, and there I lived with his family until I married a widower with four children, Brother Peter Roberts; but the baby died leaving three children for me to be a mother to, and I tried to teach them to the best of my ability. In 1870 I joined the Relief Society in Goshen, was a teacher for some time, then I was chosen president of the teachers and am now a director in the Relief Society y e Board. I was teacher in the Sunday School for many years and in 1878 the Primary was organized and I was chosen president thereof, Lucy Taylor and Mary Ann Price counselors, and I held that position till 1890, when I was released, having to walk so far, and was chosen an aid to the Stake Presidency of Utah County. I have enjoyed my labors in all these offices and have tried to do my duty to the best of my ability and the knowledge my Heavenly Father has blessed me with. My father and mother died in 186 1. I left two brothers and two sisters, aunts and uncles, besides a host of friends for the Gospel's sake but have never regretted it. My husband and myself have done a great deal of work in the Temple for our dead relatives and friends and have felt to in doing so, for it is a grand work and we always feel happy in working for the redemption of the living and the dead, and I never tire in bearing my testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and I hope to be ever true and faithful, for I love the Gospel better than my life and desire to do all the good I possibly can while I live here upon the earth. re-ioi- ce We have trying. not failed until we cease 