raao The duecn Victoria hlla Sociable Hewlings ..... Lucv Tribute to Mrs. Avery- 'General R. S. Conference Anniversary Celebration..... in Memoriam - 103 103 J- - ; Hyde h. B. ; 104 it5 ' 105 K. H. Wells 106 Maria Look 10S 10S The Woman's Exponent....... I'm ..... Birthday Celebration Bathsheba's Birthday, L.i R. IVt j 06 R. 5. RcjK.rts 1 ' ki" aL 1 1 KV-S- ister L. M. Hewliiigs Ideal.... An BATHSHEBA'S SEVENTY-NINTBIRTHDAY. - SISTER "queen 103 raptures; This world is good enough for you to stay. Long, long, ere that dear hand your spirit cap-- ' tures We want you here for many a glad birthday. Louisa L. Greene Richards. ' . 105 H tender love, your dear presence will ' . sout crown" you've chosen to bear, your Charity. HYS AND "In the beginning !" Why everything in And vet we read that The earth and sea, WHEREFORES." Well, it is not stated. htaven and earth was made; God or Gods created the sunshine and the shade. And as we daily learn, the plain truths witness, That GikI's unfailing plans together run, all, through all eternal fitness, And come to see why some great things are We tind In ' done. B;:t by the light of heavenly inspirations . "The testimony of the Lord is sure," ... And making wise the simple brings salvation To all who seek sincerely to secure. , deviate from points I wish to touch and there- . fore. - - . ; 'Will turn abruptly here and finish soon; I'd like to try to tell the "wty and wherefore," . These friendsare gathered here; this afternoon. 'Tis not to show off clothing rich and splendid, For that the weather should have been more fine. Nl'JLvet . that xostly gifts would be extended, day's fair guest, now Seventy-nine- By this dear C Beloved Bathsheba, our sister, mother, r-- ? 'Tis not for any worldly rankyou claim; But for a greater cause than any other You follow Christ and magnify His name. ou do His works and have done strictly, purely, life seventy-nin- e long years, 'your' "whole : '' through; And we your sincere friends ar honored surely. In doing honor unto one like yoifc " These " ' .. A ' ' ; ; shower of rain continyeU all day. '':N 'js;--'', . call-come- Wkight Skwall of Womeu. QUEEN VICTORIA. s making-arrangement- individuals, Let all "women to' whose notice this feel the appeal to be an individual one to aid in a local demonstration. Where local councils do not exist women's clubs, temperance unions, educational associations and college leagues are all appropriate agencies through which arrangements may be made for local demonstrations. Representing the United States of America on the International Peace Committee The demonstration will be simultaneous with the Opening of the court of international arbitration, r By the authority of the international committee, includin x distinguished women of Germany, England, Austria, Canada, Belgium, Denmark, Spain, France, Holland, Rouniania, Hungary I Italy, Norway,-Russia- , Servia, Sweden, Switzerland and Japan, as the representatives on the committee in4he United States, the undersigned hereby urges, women throughout the United States to arrange for meetings, large and small, in behalf of international peace and arbitration. Wherever local councils exist, it is recommended that such organizations as they include shoud take the initiative in for such meetings. In 1899, with less than a month's notice, there were held in, the' United States on different States, May 15th, in twenty-on- e 163 meetings, at which there were reported With that to be present 73,921 women. precedent the same length of time should enable the women of our country to' double the number of meetings to be held on May 18th, ard to proportionately,, increase their ' attendance. The taste, of war which has been so bit- - Like school boys who of old their balls would wind, We 'snap a thread sometimes, as pipe-ster- n brittle, It tangles, snarls, the end we cannot find. Like "stupids" icily on the high stool perching, Or meekly bearing the old master's rod; The lesson comes, no mortal man by searching, Without the Spirit's aid can find out God. ter upon our lips should, and surely does, increase the desire of women everywhere to strengthen public sentiment for 'peace and to increase public faith in the possibility of ultimate arrival at a condition of universal peace, where war Xvill no longer be tolerr ated by enlightened nations more than personal combat is now tolerated by enlightened Ma'y women to be held on May 18th, 1901. And yet with all we learn we know so little! I IN THE INTEREST OF PEACE. 'Notwithstanding the discouraging conditions of the intervening years, and the many pessimistic jeersat the Czar's conference at the Hague, it is certainly a matter for grateful consideration that as. a result of that corierenceTthe permanent court of international arbitration will convene at the Hague on the second anniversary ofthe To celebrate this event, to conference show that their zeal for peace, instead of being cooled hy wars and rumors of wars, is only by these events excited to greater ardor, the same international committee Jis another demonstration by undertaken Is Faith unalloyeofwith any disp crity; Pure hope is the "soul-robe- " .you modestly wear, And chaste, royal mantle is unfailing '; " On May 15, 1899, a universal demonstration in behalf of peace was undertaken by an international. committee of women. Through the indefatigable labors of this committee numerous, meetings were held in eighteen different countries. The chairman of the entire committee, Frau Margerethe Lenore Selenka, Munich, reported the results of this demonstration the peace con-- , ference at its opening session at the Hague, which took place on May 18th of that year. lend " A cheerful reminder of glories above. ' we'll not go off in "j;ome down,?' ' But, oh, The "crown" that we bring you, our mother and .friend. beautiful ! 106 ; Is unlv a token of true, 'Hut adorned with it here, 15, 1901. Joseph and Ilyrum are anticipating, With thousands more, the happy, joyous 'scene, When President George A. Smith now Calmly waiting, Shall welcome home. his bride, his priestess, The Sister Workers in the "Salt Lake witiYa Temple "presenting Sister Bathsbeba beautiful white lace fichu, designed to be wcrn on the head. While the a Power to better the Home, the Stale andjhe NaUon Not only wp who have this priceless pleasure, Of greeting you with greetings true and fond. But all the Saints vour name revere and treasure. Not here alone, but in the world beyond. HfNURKD AXlJOSE. IHIKH, M.NETEKN MAY be SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY CONTENTS interckt of 'Peace May Wright L'cwall teary if. Hem a- - Ballot in. the Hands oj the Women of. Utah should Vol. 29 InVr,c 9 Queen Victoria' was the only daughter, in facr the only child of Ed ward,' Duke of Kent, Fourth son of King GeorgV.the III. She was born May 24, 1819. In her childhood and through the early years of girlhood, she was somewhat acquainted with the trials of genteel poverty. At her father's death, her mother, the Duchess of Kent, ' and her young daughter,-Victoria- , England's future Queen, were entirely dependent upon the bounty of her uncle for their support, and for the education of the future ruler of Great Britain. This support wrare told was not liberal, but rather grudgingly bestowed, and our young princess was therefore taught to practice economy in her early life, which has doubtless proved of great benefit to her since. It certainly brought her into, closer, communion with Her the. greatest number of her subjects. sympathy was extended very many times by relieving the wants of the distressed. Those who had the privilege of her acquaintance in her childhood say she was of a very lovable disposition, kind to all, yet firm in what she conceived to be right. Victoria was proclaimed Queen of England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales, June 20, 1837, ascending the throne in her eighteenth year. She had been brought up far from the court by her widowed mother, almost isolated, shut off from royajty and their customs. Although living !ri Kensington palace, she was confined to v the rooms, grudgingly allowed them by her uncle, not. permitted the freedom of the inpalace and its surroundings. The small come allowed them compelled them to live in retirement. She was almost unknown to those even whose duty it was to announce to the new queen her accession. , The Archbishop of Canterbury and the, : Lord Guam berlain 'arrived at five in the morning at Kensington pakce, where they resided. All the gates were shut and it was with some difficulty that they obtained admittance to the presence of the princess, At awakened suddenly by their message. eleven o'clock he. council met. -- . 