WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Sarah Aim Brown; Taylorsville, Counselor President CharMary P. Brown Hunter, ' lotte' Nielsoh. The reports were spirittd and filled with a desire to continue in the good work. ; Duett, "Sometime We'll Understand," sung by: Sisters Maggie Hull and Maria B. Winder, accompanied on the organ by Miss Mabelle Snow, which was very much appreciated. Counselor Elizabeth H. Park reported Granger; President Eliza White, Wilford; Counselor Mirnie Myers, Grant. All gave in a good report and spoke of their love for and determination to sustain d sisters, the officers of the General Board of the Relief Society who had favored us with their presence today. President Emma Woodruff introduced Sister Emmeline B. Wells as the General Secretary of the Relief Society. Secretary E. B. Wells: "Mrs. President and Jadies, brothers and sisters: "I am very much interested in Relief Society work. It certainly is a grand organization." Referred to many who had died who had been cared for and laid out by the Relief Society sisters, , and if there is sickness among the poor the Relief Society sisters care for'them. There are so many things the Relief Society sisters do that are not on the books. "I consider that the best education that I have had, except the Gospel, is i,i the Relief Society. There are fifty Stakes of Zion, each with a Stake organization of the Relief Society, besides the missions. There is a good society in near Nauvoo, where the first Re-ie- f Chicago was Society organized, and away in the north Montana and Oregon and branches in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Sacramento and one or two smaller places in California and wherever there is a branch, there We tave a Relief Society organized." Spoke of the good it would do young men who intended going on missions to visit the Relief Society and learn something about how they were managed, as they would likely need this information when they get in their missionary,., fields. Thought our young mothers sh6ald attend and bring their babes' with them. "We want to take this work of training our children into the Relief Society, and I believe that in the school and in the home love will do more than anything. We are told that love will rule the world. It is said of Aunt Zina that she loved every one. ' Mother Whitney said that humility would bring down the blessing of heave 1. " Made other interes1ing remarks on the necessity of our young girls attending these meetings, felt that they would some day feel it a great piivilege to bei ng to the society organized by the Prophet Joseph. Thought if President Winder could do the many things he does at his age, and President Smith preside ever so many organizations bur young girls can surely work in the Relief Society, and not slacken "Our their ;energies in their Mutuals. Woman's Building I am Very anxious about. We want a place where we can keep our records. We want a place where we can have a library and a bureau where information can be obtained concerning organizations, and in fact, all information concerning our church. This work is sure to increase and I believe that the Relief Society will increase in all its magnitude as I ask the Lord to the Church advances. bless our president, Sister Bathsheba, and our-age- - . - her. counselors and all who are here." then sung with much feeling by Sister Maggie Hull. Counselor Annie T. Hyde: "My dear sisters, I do appreciate the invitation that I have received. I feel that we have had a feast if we could only realize and put it into practice." She gave an interesting account of her visit to the City of New York and of the mission in Kansas City, where she found a noble lot of young missionaries. "You mothers," said she, "have occasion to be proud of them." Spoke of the feeling like death that came over her when Felt thankvisiting the City of Nauvoo. ful and thought what a great blessing, to our people that they were driven out and ptrmitted to come to a land where they could broaden and grow. Feft that it was all in the providence of the Lord. Prayed that the Lord would bless this organization and the new officers. President Woodruff called for some of the missionaries to report briefly of their missionary work. Sister Louie Stevenson, from Forest Dale and a missionary from East Mill Creek bore their testimony and spoke of the enjoyment they had in missionary work. Brother Will iam Taylor: "As far as I am concerned as an individual, I feel that we have had a feast. We have had beautiful singing and instructions and we have had the Spirit of the Lot d. These are familiar faces, Sister Horne and Aunt Bathsheba. These dear sisters have trodden paths that will take them back into the presence of their Father, pnd thousands are taking the same path. There is only one path we can take safely, that is in the line of our duty. I know that we are engaged in the work of God and that God lives, and I know that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God. A song by little Miss Ruthie Stevenson, accompanied by Miss Hattie Stevenson, ; was sweetly sung. President Bathsheba W. Smith: "I've been very highly interested in the speaking and singing, especially, what she said seemed so innocent and wise. I was not was the old whn Gospel restored, very but I had a testimony that Brother Joseph was a true prophet and the Book of Motmon And when the armies came up was true. I knew that they could not put down Mormonism. I have had great faith in all our leaders, also all of our sisters, in Sister Emma when she was president. I believe they allayed prejudice when she and Sister Eliza went to see the Governor of Illinois. I have Sister Eliza's book that she took minutes in. and I read it over ofteri. I feel that the secretaries need to be prayed for as well as the presidents. Related an incident of President Young's life when he saw the Prophet Joseph and asked him this question: "Brother Joseph, what have you "Tell got for me to say to the people." the to Ghost." Aunt them Holy get said not we should that Bathsheba neglect the dead, and as often as we could should go to the Temple and work for the dead. Counselor Annie T. Hyde made some very interesting remarks concerning her trip and visit to Washington, and one very interesting feature was the expressed wish to her from a congressman of Missouri to present her to the President of the United States. President Emma S. Woodruff urged the sisters to visit the strangers when they A solo was - . 63 come into their wards and the poor and destitute. "Aud I am glad," said she, "to hear Sister Wells speak about our young girls and young men visiting the Relief Society and learning something of the way they are carried on." Thanked the president of the Relief Society, Bishop, people of the ward and all who have taken part in any way to make our visit and meeting interesting. Adjourned the conference for three months. The choir and congregation arose and sang "Our God we raise to Thee." Benediction by Bishop S A. Casto. Armeda S. Young, Sec. UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. FIRST DECADE OF ITS ORGANIZATION The U. W. P. C. was organized October at the office of the Woman's 31, 1891, Exponent. A number of women writers met together, as a result of letters which had been sent to call a meeting. Mrs. E. B. Wells was chosen temporary chairman and Mrs. Julia I. McDonald The permanent organsecretary pro tern. ization was effected, and Mrs. E. B. Wells was elected President, Susa Y. Gates, and L. Lula Greene First t, Richards Second Martha A. Y. Greenhalgh, Annie Wells Cannon Cor. Sec. ; Josephine Spencer, Asst. Cor. Sec; Dr. Ellis R.Shipp, Rec. Sec; Ruth M. Fox, Treasurer; Dr. Romania B. Pratt, Auditor. The name, Utah Woman's Press Club, was adopted and the Chair appointed a, committee of three to prepare a constitution Susa Young Gates of Provo, and Romania B. Pratt, Salt Lake, and Lucy A. Clark Farmington were the committee. It was suggestad that at the first meeting to be held November 30, 1891, each member contribute an original article or address, or such a selected article as would further the object for which the club was organized, or be subject to a fine not to exceed twenty-fiv- e cents. The charter members were: E. B. Wells, Susa Y. Gates, Romania B. Pratt, Ellis R. Shipp, L. L- Greene Richards, Julia A. McDonald, LucyA. Clark and Ruth M. Fox. At the meeting held November 30, Mrs. E. B. Wells made an address and three original articles and three original poems were read They were, first, from the pen of Susa Y. Gates, "The Local Literary A poem, "The Field for Women." Mother Author," Lula G. Richards. An article on the "Suffrage Question" by Sarah M. Kir-ba-ll. Julia I. McDonald, "The Poet's Ideal Woman." Ruth M. Fox. an original poem, "Greeting," and Ellis R. Shipp, "Love Divine." At the next meeting it was stated that the object of the Club was purely literary, and all foreign topics would be excluded. At this meeting, Miss N. V. Davis, who afterwards contributed so largely to the edification of the Club ar.d charmed us with her bright originality, was admitted as a member, and is mentioned as telling a very pleasing Christmas story and singing the German Christmas hymn and a German song. Miss Gladys Woodmansee is spoken of as entertaining the Club with some fine instrumental selections on the piano. At the third meeting, held January 30, 1892, Mrs. C. C. R. Wells is mentioned. Vice-Preside- Vice-Presiden- by-law- s. - 