WOMAN'S 46 the young ladies, representing the Sunday School and Y. I,. M. I. A., with some of the flowers. After the casket, borne by Apostles, relieved by sons of the late President, came the members of the family, the presiding Bishopiic, wives of the General Authorities, presidents of of Stakes and missions. Bishopric of the Eighteenth Ward, in which President Snow resided, general boards of the Deseret Sunday School Union, Relief Society, Y. M. M. I. A., Y, L. M: I. A.., Primary Association, Church schools and religion classes. Then came the business directors of the Z. C. M. I., Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Company, Utah Light and Power Company, Salt Lake and Los Saltair Beach Angeles Ry. Company, Grass Coal Creek Company, Company and the general public. There was a great concourse of people at the depot to see the train leave and contrary to past experience on such occasions, there was no delay. The casket was placed in the rear car and those who held tickets promptly boarded the train. The funeral train was composed of seven cars and the journey to Brigham City was the shortest time on record. As the cars sped past town and village groups of people could be seen on either side of the track. The coach containing the casket was modestly decorated with wreaths of flowers in the windows and festoons of smilax and ferns arranged about the interior. Abcut 750 people were on the train including all the leading authorities of the Church, Governor Wells, and other There was but one prominent citizens. stop made on the trip, and that was five minutes at Ogden where the train was met by the Sunday School children of the city. At three o'clock the train reached Brig-haCity, the city which President Snow had founded and where he had spent the most active years of his life. The reception there was altogether worthy. In the to of the committee response request the citizens of Brigham City and Box Elder county were at the depot with over one hundred teams to convey the Salt Lake The line of contingent to the cemetery. one over extended mile. Such a carriages funeral Brigham City never witnessed before in all her history and no doubt it is stamped indelibly upon the memories of her citizens who saw it. As the procession moved to the cemetery the band played "General Sherman's Funeral March," Beethoven's "Funeral The line of March," and "Dolores." march was east on Forest Street to Main, south to Third South and east to the The cemetery, which is on Fourth East. were in and the buildings draped mourning sidewalks were lined with people. One of the most beautiful spectacles was the line of Sunday School children, 1,057 f them stationed along Main from Forest Street to Third South. The hearse proceeded to the Snow burial lot, which already contains many members of the famiiy as indicated by the granite shafts and marble headstones. The casket was taken from the hearse and opened for a brief spell to give the people of Brigham City an opportunity to take a last view of the beloved face. Dunng the space the band played "Nearer, My God, to Thee. " The four walls of the grave were built ot brick and lined with white broadcloth. also m EXPONENT. Evergreens and flowers were strewn on the bottom and as the coffin was being lowered into the receptacle the Brigham City choir, under the leadership of S. .M. Lee, sang the "Resurrection" hymn. The grave was dedicated by Apostle George Teasdale, and after that prayer, Apostle Clawson arose in behalf of the family and expressed deep thanks to the people of Box Elder Stake for their splendid help, and all who had a hand in laying away the beloved President. The services at the grave ended by the choir singing, "Shall We Meet Beyond the River." The red sandstone blocks formed the top of the grave, and they were cemented to the brick walls and the grave was thus sealed. The box in which the coffin was encased was made of polished wood with silver screws. When the grave was heaped with flowers and all had taken a parting look at the sacred snot they turned their faces towards their homes. D R. COLUMBUS DAY. The Utah State Society Daughters of the Revolution were entertained at their regular meeting on Wednesday Octocer 16, 1 901, at the home of Mrs. Alice M. S. Horne. Some miscellaneous business was disposed of and in addition to the regular exercises celebrated Columbns Day (Oct ober 12) appropriately by sentiments and a paper on the discovery of America, read by Mrs. Julia P. M. Farnsworth, after which Mrs. T. G. Webber gave a graphic account of her visit to Genoa and the home and notable places of Columbus reminiscences. Mrs. Webber was the only one who had visited these historic present scenes. In honor of the occasion Mrs. Horne had decorated a Columbus room in the most artistic manner imaginable, with a variety of Indian relics, that reminded one forcibly ef the early days in the valley as well as the discovery of America. It only needed a papoose in the baby basket and a live Indian mother or two to complete the picture. There were mats and blankets galore, mocassins and other buckskin garments elaborately fringed, and fine ears of Indian corn in an Indian squaw The entire room and Indian basket. ornaments decorated with Autumn leaves and trailing vines, over which the light of the setting sun fror the western windows fell, making the picture sufficiently fantastic for the weird fancy to conjure up woodland scenes with sleeping Indians, or almost to hear the warwhoop of the savages springing from their hiding places. In the absence of the regent, Mrs Williams, the first Mrs Farnsworth, presided Mrs. Ella W. Hyde gave her paper which was exceedingly interesting, the topic being "Important Events of the Revolution, 1775 and 1776." The refreshments served were also in keeping with the celebration of the day, Ice cream in globes, white and chocolate color, imitating earth and water. Altogether it was a delightful afternoon and Mrs. Horne deserves great credit for the artistic taste displayed in the arrangement of the details that gave such pleasure to her guests. vice-regen- t, Miss Katherine E. Conway, of Boston, his in press a novel, entitled "Lalor's Maples." A DELIGHTFUL J RECEPTION. Mrs. W. W. Riter and Mrs W. D. Riter gave an elaborate At Home to a large number of friends and acquaintances at the residence of Hon. W. W. Riter and wife, on Tuesday, October 17. The handsome were decorated with beautifully parlors and flowers autumn leaves in magnificent A fine the most artistic style imaginable. string band made sweet melody in an adjoining room and the dining room was garlanded in ribbons and flowers; exquisite china, cut glass and silver sparkled and shone as the pretty yc ung girls handled the tea and coffee service with the sweetmeats, creams and candies. In the library a cooling, deliciors punch was served by handsome young matrons, and altogether the affair was calculated to charm and bewilder the lovers of social gaiety. Mrs. W. W. Riter wore a most becoming gown and the bride, Mrs. W. D. Riter, was arrayed in a dainty fashion which suited her slender figure to perfection. Had it really been a wedding party it could scarcely have been more enjoyable, except perhaps as gentlemen do add greatly to such entertainments, especially weddings. Although it was not a wedding party, it was in honor of a bride, and therefore, The guests necessarily most interesting. all seemed delightfully happy and surely the ladies who gave so much genuine enjoyment to their friends must be happy in the thought, if they were a little weary of standing and shaking hands with the dear five hundred. A VERY PRETTY KENSINGTON. Mrs. C. D. Schettler gave a very pretty Kensington tea at her home, corner 4th and B. Streets, on Saturday afternoon, October. 12, the Guest of Honor being her mother, Mrs. LydiaD Alder, just recently returned from a two years' mission to England Mrs. Alder also visited Germany while abroad, attended the International Congress of Women held in London in 1899, and was one of the American women entertained by Her Majesty, Queen and Empress Victoria, at St. George's Hall, July 21, 1 901. Altogether Mrs. Alder had a most interesting and successful tour and mission to the land of her nativity. She visited her relatives in the beautiful little town of Trowbridge where her parents had resided previous to coming to America. Mrs. Schettler's parlors were artistically decorated for the occasion and the delightful music of stringed instruments added much to the enjoyment of the very large number of assembled guests. The beautiful young girls in dainty muslins and summer fabrics, with their lively conversation mixing with young matrons and elderly ladies was a very pleasant contrast, and the afternoon was most enjoyable. These social gatherings help to unite and cement together the friendships of those whose interests are in a way closely identified with each other. Of course the delicious refreshments, lemonade, bon bons etc., served by the graceful young ladies, is one of the enlivening features of a Kensington tea or an afternoon party, even if chocolate is used instead of the regulation "tea." 