WOMAN'S EXPONENT. S2 Is it sufficient that women .shall re- - v train a family of 'children ? I'erha:.- - ' there may be t wenty-fivyears reforl . was then calledwas devoted chiefly to the gins,N and twenty-fivyears after search for transforming metals into gold, or through tl at are her own; and if 0... ' nothing before and nothing after ',,,'-th- e' similar purijes. 1 . salvation of other souls It is not very long since men discovered that farm labor, from the planting of wheat children' of her own body, she will .. to the making of butter, could better be small rfactor in- the preservation ad the tedious i:ou 01 nerseii anu uerown.. done by steel and steam than by ' And what is it that prevents the wo:;-- i' hand work of the centuries. of this people from entering fully int t . Men, naturally, made h iste. to devise ways service of Christ? is it the rearing r.f chib and means to throw down their own heavy dren ? Nay, only about one hiif of them-- ' and rude implements of toil, and to pick up in mature aad old are mothers thtirstead the light handles and electrical young, Ask;families. auv candid, hitch; "r buttcr-- of modern machinery. woman this and whether Women's .toil has also been lessened and the mother question, of a family or not, she v. ill lightened. The spinning, weaving, candle- - frankly answer, "It is my housework that' making, knitting, sewing, canning, mil keeps me tied ever at home." ing, churning and many other Men. have accepted work as a bit house duties, have been taken from the women have multiplied work to'themse-Ive.kinds .of women by iron wheels and when they were relieved of former bu: den's. leathern bands. What then is the duty of our women ? But. alas, neither men nor women have To study their own conditions, to any more time to devote to the intellectual fully 'consider the possible solution prayerof the or .the spiritual culture of their three-folvexed problem, of housework and to prenatures, nor, indeed, have they as much. themselves to be true exponents of The 'poor man of today has waiits and pare Domestic Science, while they laljor side by needs which even the king on his throne, never so much as yearned for two hundred sine wun nusuaua ana son as saviors on Iithihx this is tions were sought mostly for transportation, or tor the acquisition of wealth; for th's latter gcod 'Vv; era in Utah u:p;se the science of alchemy as chemistry Stand. do ?iot 1crf5w'hQ it, however". I want to think yY.u for all your goo! wcrk an4 c creation. c: the can.:; and I You are noble frier--: assure you we appredite vet: every one. f r'i rfJ ft- h' it U(, ' She had the ciskrtsse to" catcH ccri.. and very nearly lose her Voior, and worked with great sutfrrir. throughout the Bazar. She" wa.- - loyal help, however, - , -- ccn-qtiin!-l- y ? e e : 'b-v- 1 1.- 1 1 . : .. 'Yours faithfully, Cak;:k Chaima.v Catt. Deceml.r 29, 190. - - i s DOMESTIC ' SCIENCE -he " i . SU5A YOLWG GA'THS. Some people are vaguely alarmed and others are mildly sarcastic when the term domestic science is used. Why ..say t:e first, should we invade the sacred precincts of the home, and try to fashion and shape into laws that which .God has given women and men divine instinct to perfect? Hiose who choose to hi sarcastic, say flippantly,. "L can sweep a floor, make bread and keep house as well as any woman in this town, and what's the use of people making a fad out of this domestic science ? My mother taught me how to wash by making me do it, and that's the way I am teaching my, daughters; I have no need for classes in a school, nor clubs, nor books even; any women with 'get up' in her can keep house.." Just so women talked about sewing when Elias Howe went into his little shop to study out the principle of the shuttle. Hut science did not wait for the woman who was a hundred years behind the times; the sewing machine was perfected by Howe, and the poorest as well as the most women of today uses the tool of science to hasten her flying needle. The 'raan or the woman in this Church who 'is narrow and bigoted has not yet grasped the true meaning of the Gospel. Progression is the key to the door of heaven. What made and makes Joseph Smith, Brigham Young and Lorenzo Snow the peers of the most advanced theorists of the Church and of the world today ? Their The wisdom and power of receptivity. prescience which gleans out the truth from every so called fad and uses it to the utmost advantage. No one grows old who remains, progressive. V Domestic science is merely the term which is used to cover all the labors and To discuss these problems of home life. labors, to solve these problems, this is what many wist, and noble men and women are doing all over the civilized world. Every woman, rich or poor, is ready to admit that housework is drudgery. This is hardly true, either. - It is work, hard work .and taxing wrork; work that requires for its perfect service, a wide capacity and great But it can only be physical strength. drudgery to the ignorant or to the mean. Work is the salvation, the solacey the hope and even the redemption, in a way, of - , con-servati- ve " . . mankind. Now, less than a hundred years ago, men grasped the thought that almost all classes of hand labor, in their. own sphere of activity, could be better accomplished by the use of suitable machines. Before this, inven old-tim- e s " , d years ago. Life has become far more complicated with all these conditions and inste'ad of severe simplicity of diet, dress and amusement being the characteristic erf the poor and the ignorant, as it once was, it is now rather the mark of the truly refined and intelligent. For now, in direct contrast to life fifty years ago, the struggle is, not to break away from the naturalness and healthfullness of a simple home life, but to resist the current of mad recklessness and extravagant worldliness which sweeps with deafening force against the very doors of the home itself. Those who, in the world, are studying this question of domectic science, are mere deeply concerned with the increase of facilities for more and better equippe domestic labor than with the simplyfying ' the home life. " But the true Latter-daSaint recognizes the factithat there is no place in the religion of Christ for bond and free, nor for mistress and maid. All serve, all are servants. There are the young and inexperienced, and the matured and wise; that is all Yet, caught with the whirlwind of fashion and frivolity which is sweeping over the earthwe, too, have cmr domestic, problem. And not all of these problems are due to vorldlmess, - some are the natural consequence of the economic conditions of the However, our problems are different day. in many ways and we must study them from our own point of view. AVeare told that our principal mission on tnis earth is to save souls. Not alone to.be saved, remember, but to save others. It-- s Saviors upon Mount Zion ! a term of solemn import No trifling, no carelessness of purpose nor act should be found in the mature Latter-daSaint. Souls to save! Either by love and service to the living, or by service and love for ! d Is not that our mission ? Phe Elders of our people have this same mission upon them, and they, too, have their problems to meet and solve, But the women have theirs, and.it is .to them' we should turn our attention 'with zeal and Mount Zion. NOTITNGHAM RELIEF SOClETi. The members ;of the Nottingham Relief Society held their annual party on Boxing day, December 26, 1000.. A hearty invitaA committee of tion was extended to all. young ladies was appointed to decorate the fli n c ri o c flrr-r- f rt- c tlii rAfii'i being also tastefully arranged and decorated with flowers and ferns. Tea commenced at 5 p. m:, and about sixty persons, including Elders, Saints and some" nine or ten strangers, who had been induced to come, sat down and partook of a hearty meal. After tea a short program, was rendered, consisting of an opening address by President Stephen Walker, songs, duets, etc. A stump speech was also successfully delhercd by Professor Muddlechump. The patriotic spirit of the Elders found voice in their national anthem," "The'Star Spangled Banner," all joining in the. chorus with a ready The rest of the evening was response. devoted to games and' various amusements were indulged in to make the evening a success. Keireshments were also on nana for all those who required them, the proceeds of which were to be given into the relief fund for the benefit of the poor. The amusements were; brought to a. ciusc uy suigiug w, my riiiuci. diction was pronounced by .Conference President Stephen Walker. , -i y ! . i Edith Cable, .... , Sec. . Ms. Carrii? Chapman Catt, president of the National Suffrage Association, spoke-i- n behalf of equal suffrage at the debate held by the League for Political Education oif January 11, in New York City. - The y Associae League invited the tion to send a speaker to present the negative, but the "Autis" had' no one who was willing to meet Mrs.: Catt in argument: Mrs. Lillian W. Betts, a member of the League,, supported the. negative from the floor. The vote stood in favor of suffrage. Anti-Suffrag- the-da- ' i '' 33 tO II 3- - . ' ':.'. . ; 