W oman S Exponent 9 o The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Natio? Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 1901. CONTENTS. Louisa L. Green Richards VISIT TO CANADA, Visit to Canada A Woman Missionary Ladies' Meeting., J. S. Woolley Pioneer Day in Chicago International Council Notes Semi-Month- 5 25 26 26 ly 2I Celebration Autobiography of Sarah B. Layton In Memoriam R. S. Reports Editorial Our Beloved President Little Marian's Birthday Party A Delightful Evening Editorial Notes Poetry The Soul's Discovery. Marie Correlli Little Things Ellis R. Shipp Days and Deeds that Live Zina E. Walker .Successful 27 30 31 31 28 29 30 30 25 25 27 THE SOUL'S DISCOVERY. I have found Thee, O God Not in cold temples made with human hands, But in the broad beneficence of skies, And in the flowering-tim- e of meadow lands. I have heard Thy Voice, Not in the pauses of a priestly prayer, But in the tender whispering of the leaves, And in the daily breathing of the air. I have felt Thy Touch, Not in the rush of world's delight or gain, g But in agony and teais, And in the slow pulsation of strong pain. I have known Thy Love, Not when earth's flattering friends around me , smiled, But in deep solitude of desolate days Then wast Thou very gentle with Thy child I have seen Thy Face, Not only in the Great Light of the Cross, But through the darkness of forgotten graves And in the dawning recompense of loss. Yea, I have found Thee, God Thy breath doth fill me with a fire divine And were a thousand worids like this my foes, The battle would be brief the victory mine ' Marie Correlli in The May Book. ! heart-breakin- - ! ! LITTLE THINGS. A little act of kindness, a gentle tone of love, Oft lifts the heart from sadness, oft leads the soul above. As little buds and blossoms expand to beauteous flowers, So all the little moments grow into longer hours. Our little faults and failings oft lead to greater wrong, Till vain regret and wailings, remorse and pain prolong, But constant little efforts will every fault subdue, And lead to grand perfection, and joys our pathway strew. Our fervent, lone petitions, though scarce above a breath. Have reached to holy mansions, have stayed the hand of death. Thus time in fleeting numbers, glides onward day by day, Till myriad generations have slowly passed away, So little bars of music beneath a master's stroke, Have swelled to pealing anthems, and inspirations woke, To humble vain ambition, to moisten weary eyes. While hearts with benedictions, mount upward to the skies. The earth and sky and ocean and all which they contain, Had birth in tiny atoms, which dormant long had lain, Sweet music, flowers and sunshine, life's hopes and joys and loves, Are glimpses of Elysian that we shall find above. Ellis R. Shipp. Dear Exponent: I Sister Susan Grant and myself left Salt Lake City for Canada on the evening of Thursday, May 23, 1901. The mission betore us was to visit the different branches of the Relief Society and Primary Association in the Alberta Stake of Zion. Yesterday, July 11, we completed that mission, holding our last official meeting with the Relief Society in JEtnz. We held meetings in nine settlements, namely, Etna, Cardston, Caldwell, Kimball, Lea'v-it- t, Magrath. Mountain View, Sterling and Taylor. Beazer, a small, widely scattered ward, has as yet no Relief Society or We would have Primary organization. been glad to visit there, however, and but for stormy weather and bad roads, which have hindered our work to some extent, should likely have had the privilege of doing so. Of the work being done in the Relief Society here, we have certainly only good to report. Never has it been our good fortune to find truer or more energetic workers in the cause than those who are engaged in it in this locality. Sister Mary L. Woolf possesses in truth and in a very high degree the spirit of her calling as president of the Relief Society in this Stake. The faith, courage, patience and w7isdom which she exhibits in her work, seem to be so heartily approved, supported and emulated by all who are laboring in connection with her, that a most perfect unity appears to be maintained in all their undertakings, and they undertake a vast amount of work for the progress of the kingdom of God, as well as the world in general, where occasion offers. What more need be presented to show a good and healthy state of affairs in any organization? They have taken hold of the idea of the Woman's Building soon to be erected near the Temple in Salt Lake City, with a zest which promises well for the assistance they expect to render towards its completion. And that is the way they seem to grasp and carry out every plan which is presented for the furtherance of the good cause. Realizing tbt a short report will be read by more people and with greater interest than a lengthy one, while much more might be told of the meritorious work being done by the society here, I will conclude this with the following lines. TO SISTER SUSAN GRANT. These dear days we spent together, My Sister Soon but a happy memory will be; Fatigue and sacrifice and stormy weather, Will all be counted good, with you and me. ! I know and love you better since this mission, Has proven you most prudent and sincere; Your even, kind and pleasant disposition, Inspiring faith and hope brings joyous cheer. How oft shall we recall the happy hours We pass in riding o'er this broad, fair land; Its dearth of trees, but wealth of grass and flowers, Its mountains far away, yet bold and grand. No. 4 Oft will we muse with tender recollections Of meetings, sociables, the warm regards, The hospitality of friends, connections Woolfs, Aliens, Hinmans, Duces, Hammers, Cards. And many more, 00 numerous to mention, Old friends and new, who have much kindness shown; And better still, such strict and wrapt attention To Gospel truths God's cause is made their own. Such true brave Saints We're thankful we have met them, And for the season we among them spend, In all our lives we never can forget them, More than each other, my dear, loving friend. ! One question rises; have we filled this mission As faithfully and truly as we should ? They answer, "Yes," so small their requisition, They claim we've strengthened, blest and done them good. Louisa L. Greene Richards. A WOMAN MISSIONARY. Mrs. Addison Pratt on the Society Islands 1850.I (Continued.) There is a grandeur in the sound of the sea which seems to soothe the soul when some one would intrude. It bears vitness of the Creator's works. Last night the sick woman died. She was laid out on clean grass, a white spread thrown over her. Her face was not covered. Some one sat with a large leaf to keep off" the flies. The coffin was made of a canoe of tamana wood, (island mahogany) in which she was laid after being wrapt thickA thick plank was ly in native cloth. nailed on for a cover, outside the coffin unnumbered thicknesses of cloth were The coffin wound, native and European. being of the most imperishable wood wrapt in such a quantity ot cloth, will not, in my opinion, decay in fifty years. A great feast was made by the relatives from which all the people in the village received a portion. The corpse was carried away on men's shoulders without ceremony. Last evening we spent two hours in gazing at the moon, expressing our surOne prise at her singular appearance no blood like red was emitting light part at all, though nearly at the full. Brother Alexander being a superstitious man pronounced it a forerunner of evil. Told the people with whom we were stopping it was an omen of something strange to take place. So long had we been away from the world, and not having seen an almanac in two years, we had forgotten there was ever such a thing as an eclipse. When it rushed upon our minds we were ashamed that we had not known it at first. We then explained all to the ignorant people and their fears were removed. This morning I rose before the day dawned and went to walk upon the beach. The moon was shining with the most brightness. There was the very of death around me. All the stillness fast locked in slumber, the were dwellings tide had just receded far on the reef, The atmos- scarcely a breeze to be felt. 