WO M A N ' S K X PON K N t . I known to our readers, through some, inter- the progress the sisters were making. ...The; alone to the several. Stakes of Zion but it esting incidents in her life. Mrs. Hewlings. Prophet Joseph in organizing the Relief has grown till it extends to the' island., nt was a philanthropist in the true sense of the Society did not' realize"-thmagnitude of the sea, and wherever the Gospel has Desired soon to have a preached Jherejilso is tiTe Relief Sotietv word. this grand work. better ball for the brethren and sisters to and it .will continue to grow. Brother Thomas Green spoke of ,jhe inmeet in. Invoked the blessing of the Lord WARD SIXTH ANNIVERSARY. on all present., tegrity of President West, also of the s:stus 90 n n ected w i th t he R e i e f Soci e ty Uk Patriarch Jesse 3VestjKiid..oueyearago The third anniversary of the Sixth Ward in not class lelieve distinction. The J.oul We brethRelief Society, held in commemoration of we met on a similar occasion. blessed them in UisVerv the poor, spoke pi the first organization by our beloved ren are interested with the sisters in this came himself He of mon. humble birth,'" , the good instructions Spoke of prophet, Joseph Smith, in Nauvoo, 111., work. I II us humility. We should be was held in the Sixth ward Assembly; Hall, ' given in mis nan a snon nine ago uy this teaches ot ministers peace to cheer t lie distresv(( March 18th, 1901, at 2 o'clock p. m., Piesi Apostle Cowley, also jf the necessity of t' dent West presiding, Counselors Kllen- R. organization of Y. L. M. I. A. and other alleviate the wants of the poor. Kndorsul auxiliaries of the Church for the benefit of the sentiments of the former speakers; West and Alice Butterworth assisting. Brother Carl A. Kk said he had come to' "On the stand were Bishop James C. Wat the youth. The Lord in His. yisdom in- meet with the sisters in lienor of the f;it son, Counselor Allen Burt, Patriarch Jesse. spired the piesidency of the Church to orReferred to a painful. acciWest, Brothers Arnold G. Giauque, James ganize these associations to inspire the organization'. Spoke of the indifference of many dent a brother had inet with, also his adLatham; Carl A! Kk, Thomas Green, Presi young. Spoke of the svm- dent of the V. L. M. I. A., Albert Reiser in living up to their privileges. The Lord verse circumstances. and Organist Jane Poultou. inspired the Prophet Joseph Smith to or- pa thy and"kindness of the Bishop, also the We are all inpresident of the Relief Society. Spoke of Singing, "We. thank Thee, O God, for a ganize the Relief Society. bis busy life thus being deprived 'to a great prophet." Prayer by Bishop James C. terested in this grand and noble work with extent of the society of his wife and family. Watson. them, they are ministers of peace,, taking Singing, "How firm a words of comfort tc the suffering, assisting Said, "The society is doing a noble work. President 'West felt grateful for the pres the poor. Referred to the integrity and My wife is a teacher in the Relief 'Society ence of the brethren and sisters with us on unity of the sisters and the progress of the and feels well in the performance of .her duties. this occasiou to cxilebrate the anniversary of work of the Lord. Sister Kk was pleased to be one with her Counselor Alexander Burt had recently the first organization of the Relief Society Felt blest in perby the Prophet Joseph Smith. Spoke of the visited with them in their, meeting, enjoyed sisters in this society. noble work the Relief Society was doing, himself very much. The Spirit of the Lord forming her duty and spoke of her recent the growth of this work. Many noble was in their midst.' Was requested by sickness. Sister Swenson also bore a faithful testiwomen are heart and soul in this work. President West to speak to the sisters at Much good had been done, the poor had that meeting, felt well while ,so doing. mony to the trtHth, was blest in performing been relieved, the sick ministered to. pur Spoke of the noble work they were doing, her duties. Brother Albert Reiser said he was pleased Heavenly Father blessed us in our labors. also of the bad effects of evil speaking; the Spoke of the importance of assisting with care we siioulu nave in speaking ot eacn to meet to celebrate the anniversary of the our means towards the building of a Relief otber'not try to hurt each other's feelings. first organization of the Relief Society. Society hall, where the sisters could meet. All are not constituted alike, let us be wise Spoke of the respect he had for these sisSister Hickenlooper said the first princi- inHhese things. Seek for wisdom from our ters; also of the magnitude o their work ple taught to her after embracing the Gos-Ie- l Heavenly Father, that we may see aright, and the great good they were performing, Elder Arnold Giauque spoke of the mag alleviating the suffering and pain of the" was obedience. This she had tried, to His mother wasnxninected wiili the When we are humble and, will- nitude of the work which had been done by sick.. observe. ing to be obedient to those in authority the sisters. . When the angel of death enters society, it was through her faith 'and pray-- " over us, the Lord blessed us. tGave a brief into a family, they are ministers of peace to ers in his behalf during a severe illness he sketch cf the first Relief Society work in cheer and comfort the bereaved, to clothe our had, that convinced him of the truth of the the Sixth Ward. Though they were not dear ones who are called home in suitable Gospel and he received a testimony of the "I have received of their kindness "same. The sisters have a right to minister properly organized, yet several sisters were robes. it to the sick" and in this they, will not over- noblewomen endeavoring to alleviate the at a time of this kind. I aonreciated 11 sufferings of the poor, and sick. She, With more than I can express. None are exempt reach their authority. Spoke of their faith Sister Robins, Sister West and manv others, Irom shortcomings and weaknesses. Is the and prayers in ministering to the sick, and their efforts in visiting. Lord to blame for this? No. But He has the benefit and consolation he had derived were untiring clieenng and ministering to those in need opened a way for us. to retrieve them, if we during his mother's sickness,1" and after her Sister Fugh lelt to sustain the presiding live up to the principles of the Gospel we death they were theie to cheer, comfort and officers in regard to erecting a Relief Soci- - shall learn to overcome thenir ' I have seen prepare and clothe her in proper robes. The ety hall where all caif meet. Prayei the a man's life so changed after he had received young ladies are beginning to .see and real- Lord to. open up. "her way. that she mi?ht the Gospel in its truth and puritv that he ize the imnortnnce of the Relief Sc eietv and donate her mite in assisting in this worthy was not like the same nnu, so changed to honor the sisteVsintJxekaTTmg. cause. "We sisters feel that it is an aim were his acts and course in life. He was Bishop Tames Gr'Watson made closing worthy 01 our means and we should sustain full ot love tor the Gospel." Spoke of the remarks. Benediction by Patriarch Jesse - .; ..v.- .-those over us in such a noble effort. Let magnitude oi this Latter-dawork. Invoked West. us endeavor to' keep the commandments of the blessings of our Heavenly Father on the The evening was spent in a social dance. God better in the future than in the past. society. Con die, Sec. Sister Caroline F. Fulmer left home when Brother James Latham spoke of the anni quite a girl for the Gospel and never felt td versary ot the organization of the Relief LADIES' MEETING. Her parents came some Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and regret so doing. Had been associated with of the inteeritv' of- PresM - time afterward. The Ladies' l 11U Meeting was whom he had been acquainted over forty - held in the. Fourteenth Ward Hall, Febru-ar- y many noble women who were earnest workers in the. Relief Society, Sister .Eliza R. one years. In every capacity he had found 9 1901, at 2 p. 111 , with Counselor Snow Smith being one of them.- - Said, her faithful in ministering to the sick Stevenson pretidinir. "Her teachings have made me a better cheering those who were cast down- she by singing "For ro strength ot woman, she taught me true principles." never faltered. Counselor Alice Butterworth tho pened Praver bv Sister Elizabeth hills.' Bishop James C. Watson spoke of the lie had also known jforty seven years ago, Webb. Singing. "AH hail the glorious kindness Of Sister Hickenlooper to him dur- from her childhood She had been hiVblv day. "Minutes of December 15,' 1900, were ing the time of the move to Provo. favored of. the Lord with abundant means, read and accepted Spoke of the integrity of President West, and she had extended the hand of, Counselor Stevenson' spoke of the sick-- , charity her faith in the servants of God and in the and kindness to many. Such acts of kind-nes- s ness of Pres:dent M; I. Home, that she was administration, being raised from sickness' were not openly known, The Prophet just convalescing. Spoke of the sacred house to health able to perform her duties. Spoke Joseph in the Relief Society was we are meeting in today and of the many of the indifference of some of the sisters in inspired oforganizing the Lord. : He did not foresee excellent meetings held here. attending Relief Society meetings. Said fully the magnitude of this work the Sister grand Maij said she felt thankful to be this room should be filled today. Spoke of effects it has it does not reach here, had been a member of the Church produced 1 . . 1 - . . , y . SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-monthl- y . - -- v- . . -- "'' i 