WOMAN'S 64 President E. B. Wells read a communication from Washington, in reference to uniting with the International Federation of Press Clubs, for the consideration of the ladies. Spoke of the advantage to be gained in press work and extended opportunities at the coming World's Fak. A motion was made that the club join the Federation. CarriedThe name of Louise Boyden appeared at this date, who afterward added so much to the enjoyment of the Club by her really ' very fine elocutionary powers. The minutes state that five new members were received at this meeting. February 27 it is reported that eight new members were admitted, and the names of Phebe C. Young, Ellen Jakeman E. L. Dalton and Julia P. ML Farnsworth app ear. of some of According to the ladies the meeting took the form of a d birthday gathering to our and founder of the Club, E. B. president A token of love and esteem was Weils. presented, congratulatory speeches were made and poems were read by each member present, suitable to the occasion expressing tender love and affection, and true appreciation of the one each desired to Mrs. Wells responded in fitting honor. words of thanks, saying: "Do not overestimate me, but love me all you will, for love will yet rule the world." At the March meeting the name of Mary A Freeze appears as author of "The Benefits of the Club, a very instructive article. The names of Lillie T. Freeze and Miss Genevieve L. Brown are recorded. In the July minutes the name of L L. Dickinson appears as the author of a poem, "The Dreams of Childhood. ' ' At the annual meeting, October 31, the names of Mrs. Georgina Young and Dr. Maggie C. Shipp are recorded as being received as members of the Club, and Josephine Spencer read an original poem, The discussion of a pin or badge tor members is mentioned. Miss N. V. Davis spoke of the work of the Club. Thought if we set apart certain evenings for special subjects it would be advantageous, and said: "That I am always present shows that I enjoy the time spent here, and when I go away from Utah I feel I shall know something of the people." January 31, 1893, Augusta Joyce Croch-ero- n is mentioned as contributing an article, also Mrs. M. A. Y. Greeuhalgh and Mrs Ella W. Hyde and Miss May Preston were received as members. Mrs. L. L. Dickinson entertained the Club at a Valentine party in February, She com1893, at her pleasant home. occasion a for and very the poem posed artistically arranged everything for the enjoyment ot her guests, serving refreshments, exhibiting her large collection of Indian relics and proving herself a charming hostess. March 22, 1893, Eydia D. Alder was received as a member. The badge committee - time-honore- " EXPONENT. made a final report, submitting two designs to select from; one with a bee and one with a Greek lamp. It was decided to have a gold pin with the Greek lamp, with U. There is no W. P. C. in raised letters. mention as to when the Club colors were chosen, but they are lavender and sage Mrs. Mamie Freeze was received green. as a member. At the April meeting President E. B. Wells spoke regarding the U. W. P. C. becoming associated with the Territorial A communication Federation of Clubs. from, the Federation explained some of the benefits to be derived from the connection. It was decided by unanimous vote that we join the Federation. was moved Article II., of the Mrs. Lizzie vote. Wilcox, Mrs. Ida by received as Conrad Mamie and Miss Haag members. By unanimous vote Mrs. E. B. Wells was sustained as delegate from the Club to the Press Convention of Women to be held in Chicago during the World's Fair, and Miss May Preston named as alternate. Mrs. Maggie Bassett is mentioned as favoring the Club with some choice music and Miss Pearl Russell as singing very sweetly. At the May meeting little Ellis Shipp is spoken of as very graphically reciting the by-law- s, Obstetrics and Nursing, Dr. M. C Roberts will commence another class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, Jan- uary K. 75 North State St. 67 69, And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open .savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW "Prairie Fire." At the July meeting President Wells Mrs. Zina D. H. was again in the chair. S. Mrs. Elmina Taylor and Miss Young, e pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. Ada Patterson were received as members. Miss Maude Pratt is mentioned as favoring WRITE for any information desired. the Club with some choice music, one Lorenzo Snow, Prest. selection from "II Trovatore." George M. Cannon, Cashier "The Sixth Sense" was discussed with Nos. Main Street. much interest. An article appears in the Exponent of September 1, 1893, which speaks of the women in Journalism in the Rocky The Most Convenient Local Train Service mountains, most of whom are members of the Press Club. It is from the pen of the " in the State is given by the B. E. Wells, and was written for editor, the World's Fair held in Chicago in 1893. -5 (Continued.) OFFICIAL NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society and the Secretary of each mission or branch not yet included in a Stake, whether in our own or in foreign countries, are hereby officially notified to carefully prepare correct statistical and financial reports for the current year from January These 1, 1901, to December 31, 190 1. must be forwarded to the General reports rat office the of the Woman's '.Secretary, Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah, early in February, if possible, so that a complete report of this great organization may be ready at least ten days before the General Conference in April, 1902. Address, Oregon Short Line Railroad Ft PIVF Daily Trains Each Way between Salt Lake City and Ogden. !L!1 Se that your tickets read via the SHORT LINE" And Get Emmeline B. Wells, the best General Secretary. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. Telephone 748 D. Save Your Money! OFFICE THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 71 I90J. By starting at this date the class will close before the hot summer months. CITY TICKET R. 13, ' "" We aim to give you as US for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. S. W. Eccles, Gen Tfc Mgr. D. E. Burley, G. P. & T. A 