WOMAN'S 4 o It is a great responsiSpirit of the Lord. a to take bility position, and it is necessary we should support the officers selected. that Sister Rebecca Standring rejoiced in a Spoke of her knowledge of the work. early experience, and being raised up from a bed of affliction through the power of God by revelation. The Lord had been with her ever since and kept her in the The work will roll on, and path of duty. let us be faithful and seek the Lord by day and by night and thus keep in the straight and narrow way. Prayed that this conference might be one we shall never forget. Sister Emily S. Richards could testify that she was proud to have been brought up in the work of the Relief Society. Would not part with her experience in the society of Sister E. R. Snow and Sister Zina D. H. Young and others of the elder sisters. We grow in the work and we grow to be helpmeets to our husbands and if we do our duty the housework will not be much, we rake ourselves slaves to our But we should stiive to get intelwork. and the teachings of our sisters will ligence make us wise if we give heed to them. Spoke of feeding the tramps and had never been the poorer for it. President A. J. Evans had felt a very peaceful influence since coming to meeting. "We do not understand the good we do in feeding tramps, and perhaps casting bread upon the waters. Our missionaries have often found that their protectors from mob violence were tramps. This is God's work and our sons and daughters will carry it to the ends of the earth. The mothers are the last to give up their wayward sons, but always hoped there would be a turn and the wayward will become repentant and be found in the path of duty finally. ' ' Sisters Harriet Jacobs, Ellen D. Clarke and Sister Anderson each made a few remarks, confirming what had been said by the former speakers and bearing testimony to the truth of the work. Singing, "Where the voice of friendBenediction by President ship's heard." A. J. Evans. Afternoon session convened at two p. m., Counselor Annie C. Hindley presiding. Opened by singing, O, say what is truth." Prayer byBishop Thorne. Singing, "Come, listen to a prophet's voice." President Jane S. Richards was pleased to see so good an attendance. Was sure the sisters enjoyed their religion who would come out in such hot weather. Thought it was as necessary for one as another to attend meeting, and the young women should come and learn their duties, for as long as there is a Bishop there will be a Relief Society. Hoped the sisters would sustain the president who would be appointed today, and presented the name of Sister Rebecca Standring. It was moved by Sister Harriet Jacobs that Sister Rebecca Standring be sustained as president cf the Alpine Stake Relief Seconded by Sister Ellen D. Society. Clarke and carried unanimously. The counselors selected were Sisters EXPONENT. Annie C. Hindley and Harriet Jacobs, also Emma Featherstone, secretary. Sister Richards urged the sisters to be one and pull together, and they would be able to accomplish much good, also reminded them of the Woman's Building and advised them to economize and save the means to help erect it. Sister Standring felt the weight of the confidence placed in her by the sisters. Wished to lift them up and unite them, all the good that has been done has been through love and unity. Hoped that every branch of the society would have as much Asked the confidence in her as Lel.i has. sisters for their faith, their works and their confidence, by this means the work of God will be accomplished. Sister Hindley desired to do her duty in accepting the position as counselor to the president of Alpine Stake Relief Society. Said "If we minister comfort to our sisters it will be through the Spirit of God. The credit is due to our Heavenly Father for all the good we can do." Had visited all the branches in the Stake and found them in good order, and all doing the best they can. Sister Jacobs thought that what had been done this afternoon was the right thing. Felt well in the work and determined to do her duty. The Lord hears our prayers and though we may make sacrifices it will be all right when we get through. President S. L. Chipman always felt humble in standing before the people. Spoke of his missionary experience and always felt to depend on the Lord. There is only one thing that can satisfy the people and that is the Spirit of God. It is the same spirit that protects the young man on his mission. Exhorted the counselors to sustain the presideat, and do and perform the work that she lays out. President A. J. Evans arose to bless the sisters, said President Standring was a prophetess, he had heard her prophecies and had seen them fulfilled. Said "God bless the sisters who have been chosen today, and God bless those who have come to bless and instruct us." Bishop Thorne made a few remarks. Said it was a responsible position to be a mother, but when you do your duty how great your blessings are. Singing, "An angel from on high." Benediction by Patriarch Hensen Walker - day of mental application, neither early to bed nor early to rise is wholesome. He needs letting down to the level of repose. The longer the interval between the active use of the brain and his retirement to bed the better his chance of sleep and refreshTo him an hour after midnight is ment. probably as good as two hours before it, and then his sleep will not so completely and quickly restore him as it will his neighbor who is physically tired. Pie must not lie to bed but His later, only go longer. best sleep probably lies in the early morning hours, when all the nervous excitement has passed away and he is in absolute rest. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. Since we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRJTE for any information desired. Nos. -5 Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier Main Street. The Most Convenient Local Train Service in the State is Featherstone, Railroad Sec. lP Liii PI Sleep for the Brainworkers. As life becomes concentrated, and its pursuits more eager, short sleep and early rising become impossible. We take more sleep than our ancestors, and we take more because we need more. Six hours' sleep will do very well for a ploughman or a bricklayer.and any other man who has no exhaustion but that produced by manual labor, and the sooner he takes it after his labor is over the better. But for a man whose labor is mental the stress of k is on his brain and nervous system, and for him who is tired in the evening, after a Se K. Fast Daily Trains Each Way between Salt Lake City and Ogden that your tickets read 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. ' We aim to give you as "TR Y US the And Get the bes -- OFFICE THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, via "SHORT LINE" CITY TICKET R. the Oregon Short Line . Emma given by for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. S. W. Eccles, Gen TfcMgr. D. E. Burley, G. P. & T. A 