WOMAN'S So EXPONENT" had I not had so much confidence m the by those who should have been my best a promises of the Lord. He was a kind son, friends. I have proved many times that (Continued.') an far worse than is friend open loving and charitable, the best he had was false He enemy. But I can say truly that no In January, 1877, my son, E. W. Lay-tonot too good for any one in distress. married Ellen Colemere. In 1882, on was not very religious, but tried to do unto weapon that has been formed against me the 2 1 st of December, Sarah Elizabeth, others as he would have them do unto him. has ever prospered, and I am patiently was married to Levi Taylor, Jr. June, I have known him to go miles through waiting for the time when in judgment I This is the promise 1883, Brother Layton was called to go to storms to take food and fuel to the needy. shall condemn them, of the Lord Arizona to preside over the St. Joseph At his death he left a wife and six chilHe took Elizabeth Williams Lay-to- n dren, two boys and four girls. In October, 1897, Brother Franklin D. Stake. His oldest with him, his last wife. For some daughter died July 3, 1889, aged twelve Richards and wife came and ate dinner He was asking me about time his health improved. My son, E. W. years, ten months and thirteen days. The with me. to Arizona. went also Brother others are scattered around the country Layton, and told me when I wrote Layton, office and H. Ann leit the send his love to him and his him to to In June, 1884, now. on August 27 married Seth C. Jones, the It is hard to part with loved ones, but family there. I told him that I would in the Logan parting comes to all; and when the fond when I wrote. ceremony being performed Temple. The other four before mentioned mother lays her darling one down, though (To be continued ) were married in the Endowment House in others may be added to her arms, they canIn September of that not fill the vacant place; nor can it be filled Salt Lake City. year death visited my family and took my until the resurrection when all will be re- JORDAN STAKE R, S. AND P. A. REPORTS. oldest son, Hyrum, rheumatism of the heart stored. Relief Society conference The Three weeks before Brother Layton of the quarterly being the cause. All the trouble that I Jordan Stake convened in the South had endured seemed as nothing when com started for Arizona, while talking with Ward meeting house, at 10:30 a pared with what I had to go through at Hyrum he said: "Hyrum, my boy, I feel Jordan I was almost alone with him that you and I will never meet again in m., President Mannda Batemauandpresiding. that time. After singing by the choir congrewhen he passed away. I felt that if it this life. If we do not, be a good boy and offered Brother was Jesse by gation, prayer could be I would gladly follow him, but all will be well with you." were branches Eleven "represented Vincent. my Father in heaven willed it otherwise In July I asked him to come to Kaysville All were reported presiding officers. and I tried to be reconciled to the situation. to spend my birthday with me. He said by condition. a in as very good being One night about three weeks before his he was very busy preparing for harvesting; Sisters Stevenson and Caine occupied the death I was lying in bed looking out of the he said that I would have many more such and eninstructions door, when all at once I heard a voice reocasions. I have, but he did not live to forenoon, giving to the society. Spoke very peat these words as plainly as I ever heard see another. The day he died his father couragement on and wheat stoiing gave instrongly six troubles I have been was traveling in Arizona and said to his any thing: "In At the structions as to its use and care. with you and in the seventh I will not fortraveling companion that something was close of the forenoon meeting a very nice sake you." I did not know what to think wrong with some of his family in Utah. "I I had had six children, and I knew feel that something is wrong with ray son picnic was partaken of. of it. In the afternoon a few of the brethren that the Lord had watched over me, and Hyrum." He said he had felt it all day. were present gave very good instrucwho had raised me from the very jaws of death The first thing to meet him on arriving when several of them were born, but what home was a telegram saying that Hyrum tions, as did also Sisters Bateman, Cutler the seventh was to be I knew not; and for was dead. Hyrum was a great favorite and Larson, after which Sisters Stevenson with his father and it was a hard blow to and Caine explained to the sisters about the days I could not get it off my mind. Central Building and admonished every One day my grandson came and told me him. that his father was sick with the rheumaIn about three weeks my son, E. W. society to contribute towards its erection. Good music was rendered by the choir. I told him that if his father grew Layton, returned from Arizona with his tism. E. Gardner, Sec. worse that he should let me know, and I family. He was unwell and that grieved would go out to him. I did not hear anyme. Grief and sorrow have been frequent The annual conference of the Primary thing more, and thought he was getting callers on me all my life, but through all Assoctation of the Jordan Stake was held one But I felt better. morning impressed my "Heavenly Father has been mindful of at imJune 20th, 1901, meetings at 10 him. to Sandy, out so I was to go me and has strengthened me. strorgly I have al2 and There were present Sister o'clock. said I would go if I had to ways had a desire to hold on to the pressed that I truth, T. Lillie Freeze, of the General Board of walk. In a short time one of the boys and live above reproach and set an example the I came up with a team from the farm. told worthy of imitation. I have sometimes Primary, and matiy of the Stake officers and him that I must go out and see Hyrum, thought that I chose the thorny Bishops, and about eight hundred before path and he said that the team would run away I came here and have had to walk in it. I Primary officers and children. Two interif they got the chance, but I was welcome am thankful, however, that I, like many esting meetings were held and the proto it if I cared take it. I asked the Lord others, have not fallen by the wayside, and gram of songs, class and kindergarten to preserve us and we went. Lucy went gone into darkness; and I pray that I, like exercises and concert recitations were with c e to bring the team back. Paul, may exclaim: "I have fought the rendered beautifully by the children, showthe When I arrived there I found him asleep. good fight, I have finished course and ing that much time had been spent by His wife told me tl.at he had watched the kept the faith," and then allmywill be well. officers in preparing the various numbers. trains for several days to see if I would not When it has seemed that there was no A special feature was the beautiful singing come, and that morning when I did not hope for me things have turned and my of the old, well known hymns by the children and this called forth much apprecicome he cried until he went to sleep. That life has been spared and I trust for good, as ation from Sister the visitors present. hurt me to think that I had neglected him, that has been mv whole object in life. Lillie did not Freeze I T. know was he instrucso some that We do not always see the result imbad, gave though good tions and and I thought I was needed at home with mediately after doing a good act. to the conference, encouragement It will my daughter, who was at home and in bed be like the bread cast upon the waters, it also President Emma C. Burgon, Sister with a child. will be seen after many days. I have the Hilda H. Larsen, Bishops Kuhre and Burhe he awoke asked me why I did consolation of knowing that I have done gon and others. When not come before, but I told him that I did some good in the world, but In the afternoon the officers of the Genermight have al Board and not know that he was worse, as I had not done moie if it had been Stake Board were presented my good fortune heard from him. I did not leave him to have received an education. and sustained. A general unanimously I never again, but did everything that I could. But had an opportunity for gaining knowledge time of rejoicing was enjoyed by all present. the pain seemed to gather around his heart, from books, so have had to suffer for Lucy M. H. Green, Sec. my and 1 knew that it would go hard with ignorance in that line, and pick up through him. He lived eleven days after I arrived, life the best I could. I have gone along, The "new woman" does not frighten but in all that time I never once thought of although many times it has been a great JLA .V.Llllu. UdlW v. words I had heard some time before. At trouble to me in the intellectual woman. women's While the end of that time he passed away, and For many years the labor of hands interest should be primarily in the home,-therthen those words came to me as they had and the blessing of health have my been the is no reason why it should be conbefore. Had it not been for that promise I means of support. Much of my trouble fined there. It is folly to belittle women's do not know how I could have kept up, has been caused through misrepresentation influence today, for it is widespread. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTOM- - n, . , . X. e 