W Oman's The Ballot in the -- IJands of the Women of Utah should be a So'".'1'! A. K. S. I Notts a in I News .; .. .; ........ B. Uuvtoii i Meeting ihitt'.irv i;. S and . -- i A. Reports. I'lcbralions. March 1 7th y K i na siones, 7 , .5 the Wilderness of Mexico L. 1). Alder 97 Zi.in's Mighty Kin., t k , And it seems opposing forces, met in warfare's U dread array. -- For we find their battle axes, even at this distant dav. . . . ', Ancient structures long since buried, modern . science as revealed Pomp and crime, to one grave hurried-ragi- ng . Savior gave His life for blessed the it Was when ? mortal sin That "In enitcnt behavior; earth and sea their faces hM . Hcauteous 'plains and peaceful valleys, in 'convulsive natures throe, Wildb- - threw themselves together burying cities . far below. ' IN THE WILDERNESS' OF MEXICO. .'a n;ii:?: the lonely prairie1, with a brilliant star- ' !l eleme- liUky, In the. .distance weird and weary, listening to the coVotes cry He is tierce and wild arid hungry, watching a.t this midnight hour, Howling harking in a reny, seeking whom he may devour. In this wilderness so quaint, nature's children roam at will, Savage tribes 'now run , . at riot, over jlain, and hill. and dale , ThrtHi:h"the jjrass so tall and slender, reptiles dra;s' their In their nests length ... all Closing o'er their wretched victims silenced their songs of war. Stilled the voice of hopeful jwacetinic finaj. setstar-- No ting of life's tomore rise; till generations long have slept - : . ! " " " " . ' .' ! Haatn, . r ln: ago! Eternal birth. . When the ancient tribes of Lehi sought to find the . promised land ' I hither led by righteous Nephi, through the Lord's inspired;command. He whottook the wise position eie to live bv holy, ' r . ? ' in-it- . r: Eixis Shipiv v Colonia. Jaurez, Chihuahua. Mexico, . 'v ht, ' . . ... - example and monition, sought to guide his " brothers fight. Hi though brothers of one mother,, angrv jealousy' and strife, 't arose with one another,, through their wild and life. rambling -- . ' . - Through repeated generations, peaceful days were ' ' ' '' " ' far between, .' ,. ' - be presented at Mkj. McKinlky is to a hunSan Jose, with a bouquet tnofc than dred feet in circumference, and containing, will all be two tons of flowers. The flowers are contributed and a specia comnaiUee different varieties working to have all: the injhe c9untry of blossoms and leaves cluded." .: '. ':: '. ';.'- ':. - Agreeable to our promise, and also in accord with our most heartfelt desires, we It is our most earnest again address you. wish that we may coinrjenceas though we were actually in meeting with you and could feel your presence with us; and by the influence of the Holy Spirit we may understand yom inmost thoughts and needs and beAble to offer such suggestions as may meet the necessities and fill the requirements of the sisters who are anxiously striving to learn and do their full duties in the Relief Society. Again we will remind you of the holv and grand, work for woman to', which you are called- in this important organization'. As formerly stated, we will also repeat that to be a good member of the Relief Society, andspecially to hold office There is always therein means work! business of importance to be looked iJter, and it is highly essential that a correct understanding of all the business of the society be sought for and obtained, so that, all the work may be done in order and in ' harmony. How necessary it is. then that the Holy to Spirit be cultivated, as it is impossible carry on the work acceptably without it. While with its aid and support, even the weakest of us need not shrink from any duty to "Which we inay.be called by proper authority. And here we will say, that when we are in the full line of our duty we will be in accord with the priesthood. for us to learn if we One. have not already done so, is to speak no evil. Mount and Study Christ's Sermon on the rememberpractice its teachings, especially for they, ing "Blessed are the peace makers, shall be called the children of God." We are interested in the welfare of our and we sisters, the young as well as the old; invite vou all to attend the Relief Society Young mothers meetings and conferences. and -- blessed-by would be greatlv benefited the instructions of older sisters who have toil and experigained wisdom by lives of ence The mission of a mother isv a holy with many cares calling, which is attended And every mother needs and anxieties. the Spirit of God to assist her. the The more you attend your meetings, rest will more the spirit of your cangs bu!rderis will become upon you, and your tasks be easier to lighter and your dailywill be sweeter and perform, and your life children to pray to brighter,. Teach your for the observe the Sabbath, to have regard : authorities of the .Church their pareri such all and agrd people, 'places of worship to be orderly, obedi- them Teach things. : ey are y,uu"6. dient while the. sisters,-minds are pure. Be awake, the caresget of life don't let Sp rit of God, and from atand worldly things prevent youowe to God which you tending to the duties You have all received each other. m5 from on Wgh, Don't foW.tbm - . alon. " - , . the bird lings tender long have hushed their vesper song. Craggy rocks the precious metals, like unwilling prisoners hold While their old corrupt traditions, with their bodies closed their have riuwers. too, petals, "holding find decay. ! nt on dewdrops in their fold, Heaven's Truths are never vanquished Like sentinels the prickly cactus, rear their towerrTi Ipnvodon. forms high, ing 'Though long buried, while men languished, is 'As anlcted Saints in anguish, turn their faces to again to earth revealed the sky. Maoall, so heavy in her juices, dot the hillside, Telling of those ancient races, how they' struggled . with the right' thickly here, Horn to pamper man's abides, oft to cause the letTill l)efore their frightened faces, beamed the ' ter tear Everlasting Light! Like so many of (iod's mercies, destined for a natures to illumine, hy God s saenhee Darkened ' .. . 'higher plain for sin. Hut by evil minds perverted, bringing endless grief How His Son with passions human, came redempand pain. of How He taught the Jewish nation principles Kvqi through the winter hours, oose is green righteousness, while graceful vine all mankind to Speaking words of sure salvation, Makes luxuriant fair bowers," in the treetops where save and bless. on the they twine; Hut rejected was the message, by the many MisiKtoc like faithful brothers, clinging in the 'limbs above; ""' would bring Little knew they 4'hc blessing, that 'Just 'as true, dt voted mothers, never hxjse their celestial birth. b lids of love. 'hile the stralight soft and mellow, forms the world for many ages, long in stagnant the For J of my bed, covering . darkness slept, Mother earth Father watch- men and my welcome pillow, ' on pages, yearning find history's we As : ' ing overhead ' women wept, to Pondering brain, in wakeful vision, wandering faith, ob- blinding traditions, ' false and Heresies s former days Ancient jepples and "their mission, what their Oniru'wlrtd'man's condition, smouldering the. habits, hopes and ways., fire a Vow .from out the of humble station', destined by yawning caverns, o'er the cliffs 'Till ayouth so high and steep records Where they dwelt in fear and trqmbling, dusky faces seem to peep s fulness to the Gospel, Fornis seem again Thatrestored voices from each crevice, flitting whisper soft and low, BrinSngirtongues and peoples, promise of Echoing o'er hill and terrace, thrilling tales of - AND GKKKTING. , nts-concealed. . . Ol-LOV- hclozcd Sisters- bleachingT And uncovered there before; you. mouldering human bones. ' .... -- V(RD A 4 102 1" Mcnioriam : Kiii"Ki Ivlitorial Notes 1 23 - Hmiiy Clark I i rj; i Illill Dedicated. Sucit-t- K Kli.ahcth Condie Sixth Kl-'- & A SECOND LETTER. now' of which, are seen, Mounds and terrace in profusion, strongholds in the mountain je'ak', V here they tied in wild'Cotifusion, ieace and safe. ty there to seek. Records, too, were often hidden 'neath the strong. cemented wall. Where the pine trees now unbidden, rear their A branches thick and tall. Smooth Matatti, broken oyer, hyroglyphics on the ;$ . A;:tbirajhy Vard Anniversary. flits' Nos. 22 1, 1901. ' of Sarah L MAY 15 & Thtugh they laid such grand foundations, relics a r.cr... KcjMrt - Power to hotter the Home, the Slate stnd the Nation SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, APRIL CONTENT. Ii "i - " L great-lesso- n . : -- , . Snts 6 