WOMAN'S 34 lived. Carriage after carriage drove up, bringing fair maidens daintily dressed, and matrons richly attired, blazing with, Stepping jewels, to the festive scene. lightly over the carpet, they enter .the spacious hall accompanied by beau or spouse. All is excitement; scarcely a thought, yet, as to who was there, in that vast assemblage Strains of music are wafted from unseen players, and the dancers glide over the polished floor. Who is that fine looking stranger advanc-cin- g ? A Is it he ? No, it cannot be. stands arises mist before her eyes; her heart stiil. "We met, 'twas iu a crowd, And I thought he would shun me, He came, I could not breathe. For his eye was upon me. He spoke, his words were cold, But his tone was unaltered, I knew how much he felt, d voice faltered. For his He called me by my name, As the bride of another." deep-tone- She looked up trembling. He asked for a dance. "My husband," she faltered. "I have your husband's permission," he said. Deferentially protlering his arm, she leaned upon him as in former days. Through the crowd they wended their way. "Let us promenade," he said, entering the hail. "I want to talk to you." Looking down upon her, "You have made just the woman I thought you would," he said. "I am not disappointed in you; and how old is the little one ?" "A little over a year." He spoke kindly now, and fear left the He talked on of heart of his companion. of around then the past. them, things am he "for the unkind "I said, sorry," words I spoke, you were not to blame; but should he ever be unkind to you," clinch"Well," he continued, "I ing his hand. to want you promise me, should you ever need a friend and I am anywhere in the world, you will let me be that friend. Promise me, vvill you call on me ? I shall never marry. I loved once, and it was forever, for me there is none henceforth. Will you promise ?' "Yes," was the faint response. "But, O, you will love again some day; a fair young girl will love you for your good- EXPONENT. his wrecked life, and a prayer that a loving wife might some day reign in his heart and home, making the world bright and happy for him. Far Years brought changes in her life. had lot scenes her from away youthful been cast. Many children had come to her home, but she had never wanted that No tidings of him had ever come friend. from the home far away. They were as sea rolled bethe as tho' widely separated tween them. Sorrows came to her, as they do to most of us. Then came dark days, and the promise so solemnly given clamored for fulfillment. But where was he ? Still in the land of the living ? His fate was uncertain; but wherever he might be, she is thankful that they parted friends; friends they could be forever. At last, when her hair was silvered with the dust of time, and grandchildren played around her knee, a schoolmate of that long ago came to see her, bringing news that he was dead, only a year before. "Did he ever marry?" she asks. "No, but his sister came to him and kept house for him. He left her all his wealth." The light and He had kept his word. music of the ballroom rushes before her. The odor of flowers and waving of fans and the words, "I shall never marry, I loved once and it was forever," ring out as though they were just spoken. "You know the reason why," the friend The years roll back like a continued. as a scroll, panorama the scenes are portrayed. Again he clasps her hand as he says, "Good bye, remember," when he passed out of her life forever. The loss, the cross, the pain, the tear, iione with the Springtime's breath; Naught but peace can enter here, The vale of silent Death. ' Tis not in vain we suffer sc, The stream is purified; The torrents smoothly glide below, That lash the mountain side. And strength is born in throes of pain, Eyes clearly see that weep; The heart bowed down will rise again, We plant before we reap. So God's decrees, one endless round, We'll find are wise and best; No stitches dropped, nor thread unwound, The woof withstands the test. ; Lydia D. Alder. ness." "No," he said, "I shall never marry. Never will I see one like you, never one that I can love. Thank you for the promise. You will never be without a 1 would come to you friend while I live. over land or sea. Let us go in to dance." To the strains of a dreamy waltz they gracefully kept time. Among the light and gay they seemed as otheis. Stately among the young and giddy, they moved among the dancers, his arm clasped lightly around her. It was the last time, yet no one but themselves knew that this was a meeting and a parting. The music almost sobbed as it died away, and for a moment a stillness fell around. Bending low over her hand, "Goodbye," he said, and was gone. Sadness unutterable filled her heart as she watched him until he was lost among Thankful she was to God for the throng. his kind words and thoughts, for his gentle demeanor. In her eyes tears welled up for R. S. REPORTS. SALT LAKK STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Salt Lake Stake Relief Society met in the Hall, September 7th, at 10 a. m., President M. I. Home presiding. Singing' "Let us pray, gladly pray." Prayer by j! S. Woolley. Song, "Redeemer of Israel." Present on the stand were Sisters M. I. Home, Annie T. Hyde. Clara C. Cannonj B. W. Smith, S. J. Cannon, Maria Wilcojx and Julia C. Howe. Out of the 30 branches of the Relief Society, 28 were represented. The statistical and financial reports were read. The society reports and remarks concerning business matters were made by Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Sister Clarissa S. Williams, treasuier for the Woman's Building President Home addressed the society" Said there should be a representative from the presidency of each branch of the socletv As-semb- ly at all our conferences; that we should be faithful and alive in attending to our duties, and not allow worldly pleasure to induce us Told the to neglect weightier matters. sisters to store wheat, and not keep the money to buy it on hand. Sister B. W. Smith spoke on the law of tithing and on honesty. The congregation sang "How firm a foundation." Sister S. J. Cannon spoke cf the noble qualities of Sister Zina D. H. Young. Felt we should treasure up her counsel and advice. Enlarged on the blessings of the Relief Society; in the world they were appreciated by the missionaries. Sister Maria W. Wilcox spoke upon the necessity of working for our dead. Sister Martha Morris sang a hymn. Sister C. S. Williams spoke a few moments on the cultivation of love and kindness in our homes and elsewhere. Meeting adjourned till 2 o'clock. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Benediction by Julia C. Howe. Afternoon session of the R. S. conference opened by the Temple choir singing "Glorious things are sung of Zion." Prayer by Clara C. Cannon. The Temple choir quartette sang "Zion stands wrth hills surrounded. Minutes of last conference read The address delivered to and approved. the General Society by President Snow, at Saltair, was read by Counselor Annie T. Hyde. Sister Julia C. Howe felt she was addressing her friends, the members of the Relief Society. She felt we were encouraged by our brethren. Thought that our works would be more appreciated in the future. Spoke of blessings accrueing from tithe paying. Felt the Woman's Building a be to credit will us, and our children will appreciate our efforts in this regard. Knew that women active in the Relief Society made better wiws and mothers. Felt we should sustain each other by our prayers. Sister Hyde felt President Snow's advice is priceless to us, it gives us much encouragement. Felt there were many young women who would come to the meetings if they were invited. Felt we should grow in our organization. Spoke of the death of Sister Zina D. H. Young, and her teachings of lcve and charity to the sisters; also of the attempted assassination of President McKinley, and how secret organizations were growing among our people, felt it would take all the strength that we can get to fight against the power of the Exhorted all to purify themadversary. selves and do as they would wish to be done by. Counselor Clara C. Cannon felt that much that was beneficial had been dwelt She would try and exert herself to upon. attend more faithfully to her duties. If we did we would be stronger mentally and Said school ourselves, speak physically. no evil, do good to all. As sisters of the society we should visit the new comers, those who have joined the Church. Was thankful we know we have the true Gospel. Sister Hull sang a solo, accompanied by the Temple choir. Sister R. R. Grant said it should be a pleasure to bear a testimony of the Gospel emanating from God. Spoke of her son, Apostle Grant, and his experience in Japan. We are not dependent upon any one for a knowledge of the Gospel, if we keep His 