WOMAN'S hymn that was sung at President We'll "Sometime funeral, Benediction by Elder Understand." Joseph Daynes. Mc-Kinle- Evening session, President Jane S. Richards presiding. Meeting opened by the congregation singing "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Prayer by of Snowflake, Elder John R. West, Arizona. "Singing, "Come, come, ye Saints." President Bathsheba W. Smith was the She was glad to be present first speaker. and had enjoyed the conference through the day, hearing from the far-of- f places. "While sitting here I have been thinking what a terrible thing it would be for me to Brother be cast out into utter darkness who sent were said those into Orson Pratt be far so from the light, darkness would of the sun, that would be the cause of utter I was always glad that I never darkness. belonged to any church before receiving the Gospel. I have tried to learn well Now we have what we call Mormonism. the light, let us try to walk in the light." President Sarah J. Cannon gave some account of her mission and visit to the Relief Society branches of the South She reported having Western mission. had a splendid time at St. John, Kansas. She and Sister Hyde, who accompanied her, were met at the depot when they arrived and had every attention paid them. There were quite a number of our faith in that place, the Mayor of the city was friendly. The Relief Society sisters needed instruction and they had told them how to go about their work and carry on their They had gathered up a little meetings. it by them to the Woman's sent and money Cannon and Hyde felt Sisters Building. full of joy that they were permitted to go over the ground so sacied to our people. There were three days conferences.one day for the Relief Society. The young boys who were there on missions had tears in their eyes when meeting the sisters, it recalled their mothers at home and they said, "If jou see my mother or any of my folks tell them about us.' We made a flying irip to The Nauvoo between the conferences. carin us hotel took his the proprietor at and the city pointed out the riage through He told us that the old landmarks. Temple well had never been dry. The people come to it from far and near in times of drouth, and it furnishes sufficient to water the cattle as well. He showed us where the mob had their cannons and where they fired from upon the people at the time of the Nauvoo battle; pointed out the houses of Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and Wilford Woodruff, that are still standing, also the mansion house, the residence of Joseph the Prophet, and other notable places, telling us one was the house of George Q. Cannon, but we told him he was only a boy in Nauvoo, it might have been where his father lived. There are some well to do people in the Church in those branches in that South Western mission, and they want us here to pray for them. May we all live worthy, is my prayer. Amen." Sister Annie T. Hyde hoped the Lord would prompt her, that she might give the instruction she desired to. She thought President Duffin taught the boys in the mission properly, what they should do and The boys how to conduct themselves. EXPONENT- - that have been sent there are very young Some of them have not much edumen. cation or experience in speaking, but they do very well indeed under Brother Duffin. While there we visited one of the largest manufacturing establishments in Kansas We talked with City, with the manager. the women employed there, and they told us of the prices for work and they were We also very low prices indeed. went through the restaurant and took At St. John lunch with the manager. a they have meeting house and a hall. The sisters have made a number of quilts, we brought one home The missionaries are well fed in the country, but in Kansas city one missionary told us he had gone three days at one time without food. In that city the Saints have a nice new meeting house, nicely arranged, but they are waitA ing and wearying to come to Zion. us her we told were where lady stopping husband was at one time going to raise a mob to drive out the Mormons. When Carrie Nation was around this man was killed, and the murderer flew for his life. From Jay we went to Kansrs City, there we talked to the young men in one of the We held one or meetings for two hours. meetings there with the sisters. They have comfortable quarters and meeting rooms, and they go around from house to We went from Kansas City over house. to Independence, there we saw some of the Saints and we went to the Josephite Church, it is a gray stone building. The city is building up, there are some fine residences. We sav there the widow of John E. Page, 83 years old. She thinks that Zion will be built there, and the pure in heart will dwell there. In Nauvoo where we visited we drove over to the old graveyard. Saw Emma Smith's grave, the people believe the Prophet is buried there. We had an enjoyable time, but we scarcely realize how we are blest here. The Siints there are praying and living near to the Lord. President Jane S. Richards made the closing address of the Conference. She said: "We have been listening to quite a description of the country familiar to us; and there is always something to remind us of the Prophet. It was in Nauvoo I first saw him. it makes one feel strange to think of him, and then after the times and times he was taken up and tried and proved innocent, that he should be killed at last. We tried to show him our respect whenever he was with us. It was like heaven to be in his presence and see him come again after he had been taken away and returned again to us. My husband and myself visited Nauvoo and Carthage. We wanted to hear what they had to say before we told them we were Mormons. They told us a great many things. We broke a little corner off the jail. The woman who showed us through asked us if we would like a piece of the rock. There is a solemnity in these historic places that is not very interesting. The Lord has done so much for us and we are here now in safety, and the Lord made this country a refuge for us, and we ought to have great When we laid down at night we did joy. not know whether we would be safe, but President Young said we should never be driven if we lived our religion. Perhaps I am not talking right I wanted to talk about the children, I love to see them nice and well behaved, and I do fancy we are careless about our little children. This is the last dispensation of the fulness of times, and we should be devoted to the Gospel and teach them. We are told a great deal about our tithing, and we want to teach it to the children. If I was weak in the faith, the one thing I would like would be to have some one take hold of me and help me. If one gets a little cold we should be careful of their feelings. I met a boy the other day whose parents and grandparents were good Saints. He was nobody's darling, and had no one to go to for a kind word. I set down and him about what we had passed talked to through. He felt he had no chance to go I told him to get himand get baptized. self ready, get himself into shape. I hope and pray that he will, that is Relief Society work, to help save souls, and we can plead with each other, and that the Lord may help us, is my prayer. Amen." The congregation, standing, sang "Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing." President Jane S. Richards announced that the conference was adjourned to April, 1902. Benediction by Sister E. B. Wells. E. B. Wells, Secretary, The Fortnightly of the Massachusetts W. S. A. was held last Tuesday at 3 Park Street, Boston, in, spite of the rain and heaviest fog ever seen outside of London. The following resolutions were adopted: Whereas, in Colorado Miss Emma Herey has just been county superintendent of schools for Arapahoe county, (Denver) six parties uniting in nominating her; and whereas women were also chosen superintendents in many other counties; Resolved, That we call attention to the fitness of educated and d women for such positions, and urge a larger representation of such women on the Boston School Board. Whereas in Utah, at the recent election, Margaret Snow was chosen citv treasurer of Provo, Mrs. Ellis Day city treasurer of Mt. Pleasant, Harriet Smith, city recorder of Logan, Harriet L, Brown, city auditor of Ogden. and several other women to minor offices; and whert-as- , the election is reported to have been "as quiet as a funeral"; Resolved. That we call attention to the civilizing effect of equal suffrage on election methods, and to the fact that it opens to the women opportunities for civic usefulness elsewhere closed to them. public-spirite- Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. Nos. -5 George Main Street. M. Cannon, Cashier 