WOMAN'S EXPONENT. oped even in that early time, and she heard, on one occasion, in the Kirtland Temple, a whole invisible choir of angels singing, till the house was filled with numberless voices. She was also a member of the Kirtland Temple choir, very few of the members are now Hiring. She was also present on the memorable Pentecost when the spirit of God filled the house like a mighty, rushing wind. The Huntingtons were among the Saints who went up to Missouri and suffered in those terrible persecutions of the people; her mother died during that eventful period from fatigue and privation, and only two of the family were able to follow her remains to its last resting place. Sister Zina came with her father and other members of the family when driven from Missouri, across to Nauvoo, then called Commerce. They were all sick, and the has often spoken in terms of endearment of the kindness of Sister Emma Smith, wife of the Prophet Joseph, who ministered to their wants during this trying time of sickness and trouble. In Nauvoo Sister Zina received and obeyed the principle o! plural marriage, and after the martyrdom of the Prophet, when the Nauvoo Temple was finished for ordinances, she was united in marriage for time to Brigham Young, and with the Saints left Nauvoo in the month of February, crossing the Mississippi river on the ice. and enduring untold hardships on account of her delicate health and the inclemency of the weather. Arriving at Mt. Pisgah, a resting place for the exiles, Father Huntington was called to preside, and his daughter, Zina, remained with him temporarily. Sickness was prevalent, many of the Saini died and were buried under the most trying circumstances.. Father Huntington was one of that number, and after that was over, and Sister Zina had seen her father laid away, she came 011 to Wintet Quarters and resided there until the body of the Saints who had sojourned in the Pottawattamie country until President Erigham Young, after his return with the Pioneers, started with his family in the spring of 1848 for the Salt Lake valley. Here our beloved Sister Zina pasted her time in works of love though living in tents and wagons until log bcuses were built, and in one of these, her daughter, Zina, was born, April 3, 1850. Sister Zina lived many years in the famous Lion House, aud was, in fact, and in very deed, a Mother in the family especially in all times of sickness, whether of children or grown people. She has ever been one to lean upon, a pillar of strength to others, beside her own. Although her own immediate family was not very large only three children, to her was given the care of four of President Young's children whose mother died, and for these her love went out as to her very own, and she trained them up in the same tender affection and solicitude as her very own, and as a mother they hold her in the highest reverence and cherish for her the most sublime and dutiful love and ieeling. To tell of a tithe of what this noble heroine has done would more than fill these pages, but 've must add a word or two concerning her public labors. She studied obstetrics and nursing under Dr. Willard Richards and practised for When the Remany years successfully. lief Society was temporarily organized after her arrival in Salt Lake she became one of its first officers and a devoted worker. When the silk industry was introduced she was among the first to attempt experimental sericulture, and has done more to promote that industry in Utah and among this people than any other person. It has been a in which she never lost interest. subject When the Relief Society was permanently reorganized throughout the various wards, President Young called Sister Eliza R. Snow and Sister Zina D. H. Young to look after the organization. They traveled toin this interest throughout the settlegether ments wherever wards were organized, and when the Retrenchment Associations were inaugurated and Sister M. Isabella Horne was called to preside she chose as her first counselors Sister Eliza R. Snow and Sister Zina D. H. Young. Later when the young women were organized Sister Eliza and Sister Zina were called by President Young to lead out again in that work. Sister Zina has also been an efficient Sunday School teacher for forty years and more until her numerous duties in other directions lequired all her strength. In the organization of the Primary Associations she manifested the same disinterested zeal and earnestness that has characterized her whole life, and in every movement for the betterment of the human race. Sister Zina's travels have extended beyond the Stakes of Ziou. During the summer of 1879 she visited the Sandwich Islands, partly for her health. She was accompanied by Miss Susa Young, and had the opportunity of meeting several celebrated people and imparting reliable information concerning our principles and our people, and she also was a blessing to "the Hawaiian sisters and they were proud to honor her and show her reverence. In 1881 she visited relatives in New York and Vermont, her son, then Lieutenant now Colonel Willard Young, accompanying her. During her absence she attended the Woman's Congress in Buffalo, Woman's Suffrage Convention in New York City and organized a Relief Society in Cohoes Albany Co.,N. Y. She had the privilege of speaking at many public gatherings and was made the guest of honor on several occasions. In 1882, accompanied by the writer, she represented Utah at the NaConvention held in tional Suttrage Omaha. At the time of the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, 1893, Sister Young attended the great Congresses of women in that city, and presided at a Department meeting of her own Society, and made a most favorable impression, upon many of the leading women, by her gentle, winning manner, notably Isabella Beecher Hooker, May Wright Sewall and Elizabeth Lisle Saxon. At the Congress of Charities and Philanthropies she was shown very marked attention, and she was a conspicuous figure at the National Council on the Sabbath day, sitting among the woman ministers on the public platfoim. After some weeks spent in Chicago visiting the various buildings and attending Congresses, Sister Young, accompanied by her brother, Oliver Huntington, again visited her birthplace and its environs, in the State of New York, and collected some further genealogical material.. It would scarcely be possible to live a more active and busy life than Sister Zina's has been and each year has added wisdom and grace to her refined character and manner. Words are inadequate to express her 29 She nobility and her true womanliness. has gone from our midst, we cannot see her angelic face smiling upon us, nor hear her sweet voice in blessing or prayer, nor can she come to us in sickness as she was wont to do. But we know she is happy, And we who happy beyond expression. bear with our loss remain must patience and resignation. The golden dawn of the Day of God Shall smite on the sealed eyes, The trumpets sound shall thunder around, The dreamers shall wake aud rise. When the night is over, the sleep is slep They are called from the shadowy pla The Pilgrims stand in the glorious land And gaze on the Master's face. LITJLE MARIAN'S BIRTHDAY PARTY. Children's parties are very much the fashion nowadays, i ' fact the little folks have a great deal of amusement and playtime smce Kindergartens have come to be so popular in this country. Marian's party was a great success, out on a beautiful lawn, under the shade trees, where about thirty little girls from three years to five, all in dainty summer gowns, were blowing bubbles and blowing horns, swinging in hammocks, and so forth, laughing, talking and entertaining each other, while the older sisters helped, with the playing of games, and mammas gazed at them through the open windows and doorways. By and by Marian's papa came with a kodak and took a few snap shots as they At five were grouped carelessly around. and seated table served at o'clock they were with goodies that children delight in, and it was interesting to watch them and see how social and free from restraint they were, and what interest they took in each other, and it was indeed a very charming Then there were souvenir cards, picture. with ribbons attached on a tray, with blank side up, from which each little girl drew one with the ribbon, a very unique way of distributing the cards. But after all the most fun seemed to be in blowing bubbles. hand-painte- d, "By sports like these are all their cares beguiled The sports of children satisify the child." Marian was three years old on the day of her party, Friday, August 2, 1901, but she will be sure to remember it. Those invited were Helen and Dorothy Spencer, Helen Talbot, Hattie Parker-Mar- y and Ruth Taylor, Dorothy Palmer, Martha and Florence Wells, Katharine Cannon, Emily Grant, Hortense Pratt, Edith and Louise Wells, Alma Cannon, Helen Knowlton, Louise and Marian EUer-becMarie Dougall, Emily Young, t, Florence Ware, Ruth Spence, May Geneva Wells, Margaret and Katharine Marshall, Phillis and Fannie Lynch, Marian Whitney, Libbie an'd Ruth Wells, Louisa and Miriam Wells, Mary Johnson, Lucile Buchholz, Florence and Irene McDonald and Helen Godbe. The older ones who assisted wrere Alice and Mary Wells, Grace Grant, Emmeline Cannon, Josephine Cannon, Ethel Liddle, Chloe Burns, May Bigelow; Mesdames Etta Ellerbeck. Cynthia Spence, Susie Wells, JosephinePratt, Alley Marshall, Blanche Parker EdithKnowlton; alsoAunie and AdaCan-non- , Alta Godbe, Isabel Buchholz, and E. B. Wells; the host and hostess of the party, Mr. aud Mrs. S. W. Sears, at whose home k, Cart-wrigh- 