WOMAN'S go to Lexington to buy horses for the Kmi ' gration Fund Company.Before we were ready to start on our journey across the plains, the cholera broke nut i'n the camp and several died. buVitdid not attack any of our camp. The chills' ' and fever was a constant attendant on me I did not walk at all nearly all the vay. crossing the plains on account of sickness. When we were traveling along the Tlatte river I was baptized for my health, vbut it did not appear to have much effect, so my I ha3 travels were anything but pleasant. taken enough quinine for a dozen people, I I he thought, but it was oi no avail. Bear bottom the reached river morning we I had my last shake, and it was a very It was a cold, frosty morning severe one. and took a long time to get up a large hill . that we had to go over. They took the carriage up first, and then we .had to wait It cyeral hours for the rest of the camp. seemed that the chills had no more power nwr me. but I had something else ihat was almost as bad. A pain began in the roof of mv mouth, then it began gathering until I could not op:n my mouth or swallow. Just after we crossed the top of the mountains JJrofher Franklin I). Richards and several others came to meet us. He came to the and administered wagon that I was ridiug-ito me and promised me that my tongue should b i loosened that I could talk to friends when I arrived in Salt Lake the next day. My sister and her husband had come a long: way to meet us, but on account of my mnuth I had not been able to talk to her. Next morning we left camp early and as we caught sight of the valley we saw some of the elderberries and .Sister Lay ton jumped off the wagoii to get some of them for me. I tried to crowd some of them into my mouth, when all at once the gathering broke;- and what a relief! My tongue was loosed just as I was told it should be, and I did talk to - w ' -- kxponent. that beautiful city, there with tlie angels to dwell ; V f . "7 'being deprived of her society, we bow sulmuively. w ell, ami to .the will of Him who doeth done." be . say, "Thv.will, O Lord, not mine, That wv 'cherish' her meiiiorv and follow in the of being a faithful LatUf-da- v example she set us, that ' Saint'. That we extend our heartfelt sympathy, to the bereaved family and relatives. That one copy of these resolutions 1e presented to them, a copy' be entered on the record of our soeictv and a copv be sent to the Woman' Lxi on-- i n for publication. In behalf of the First Warl Relief Society Fork. ' all-thing- Nettie Fretjen. Alice Ellsworth, Cow'niittce. kllob A li AKNES SNl I . Rhoda Barnes Snell, the subject of this brief sketch, was born at Sackville, New .BtirnswicV November 21, 1515. Her father's name was John her" .Barnes ard mother's maiden name was Hannah Dixon. She was the eldest of a large familv of sons and daughters.' .1 Her paternal ancestors came lrom Lnglanu in me cui ni:, and settled in Connecticut, and .those .on her mother's side came from the same country and set- ' tied near where she was born. In 1S32 she was married to Cyrus iLiiell, a native of New' Hampshire, and became the motlver of, six sons and one daughter, two of whom she buried in , ' ,.. 1 , - 1 Riioda H. Koi;i .KiMiN, Stc. - infancy. R. S. REPORT. . WAYNE , . In the vcar 1S3O John Hewitand Lyman Johnson brought the Gospel to that land, making their at headquarters for a time with the Snell family, and wool carder a whose mili(Mr. Snell being cloth dresser; they preached, and baptized quite a number of souls, among whom were the subject of this sketch and her husband and 'parents. the midst In her old home she continued she bewhom of relatives and former friends, by came the object of much ridicule md pity. Many of the Saints, her father's family included, having mved to Rutland, she was sorely tneu ai uine, but never wavered in her faith in the Gospel. At length, in the year 1853, the Lord opened the wav, by raising up'an apostate to purchase their pro'jertv, and' thev started for Deseret in April, staying' in Wisconsin a year with some of her father's familv; who, in the meantime, had apostatized and settled there; Here they purchased their outfit,- three ox and one horse team, for crossing the plains, and in the followiug April started, out for Salt Lake, a distance of over fifteen hundred miles. Besides doing the washing and cooking on the of the trip, she drove the horse team a good share wav This familv traveling nearly alone across the on the 27th of plains landed at their destination spring moved to August. 1S54. and in the following until the time of Spanish Fork, where she resided her death, October 26, 10x). She passed through all the trials incident t setwhen the tling a hew country in a desert, atawF Spanish Fork Relief. Society was first organized its president, as in the year 1S57, she was chosen fill .for fourteen which office she continued to for eighteen years, and labored in the silk industry my friends. ' . . The first house that I went into in Salt years. She was verv zealous in laboring in the.TempIcs It was a for her dead relatives and friends, many of whom Lake was Brother Elias Smith's. She was a woman log house with but one room in it, but we had been her former revilers. faced the drawn arrow of were made welcome, and' it was a rest after of great courage, having a savage when alone, without fiinchmg,; while she. him fordiis our long journey across the plains. . totally unarmed, continued tohe chide sneaked away like be continued.) rascality and cowardice until -- to-live'i- , n - - . - (To - - 1..' s STAKE. The Wayne Stake. Relief Society cornier- eiice convened at Torrey meeting house, December 6, 1900, Stake President W. K. Robison, Counselor II. M. Hansen, Patriarch IC. II. Blackburn, Bishop George H. Crosby, George S.k Coleman and several brethren present. . , the breaks, "The morning Singing, shadows flee.''' Prayer offered by Patriarch Blackburn. Singing, "The time is nigh the happy time Minutes of last conference President Jane Coleread and accepted. - .. man presided, President Coleman felt grateful for the presence of the brethren with us. Reported the local Relief Society as being in good condition, they having visited and found all feeling well in their, labors of love. Said the Relief Society sisters should lead out and pssist in everything in a ward thai is of an elevating nature, look after the poor a 11 sick, keep in view what Relief Society work is organized to accomplish, -- then let other The Prophet worthy ambitions follow. Joseph Smith turned the key of knowledge for women in the organization, and we have been blessed of the Lord to do and accom- -' Prayed the blessings ot plish much good. the Lord upon our conference. President Margaret A.' Adams reported Torrey Relief Society in good condition, was pleaded to' .have conference, held at -- Torrey. President W. K. Robison spoke on the work, said we importance of the Latter-dashould spend our energies in assisting in the work of God, niid not shift responsibility 011 niTn full the lived in she sixtv-eigyears For over some one else, but realize the part that rusts bore a stronglesti-monand of the always Gospel light upon us in the Church. , The work of the of its truth and of .the divinity of the mission Lord is progressive, and' it takeseffort to ,". of Joseph Smith. e eighty-fivPrayed the keep pace with the Asame. After a verv active life of yearly behind leaving reward, to her blessing of the Lord upon our labor. years she has passed generations to her a numerous posterity 4f threewell Graee Allen president of the Groyer be said ot mourn her departure, and. it may Relief Society, reported that society as her doing well, said it was good toJ attend conYou've been a friend to man. ference and enjoy the spirit of God, it recan Prophets and beggars ' " vived our spirits and renewed our love for This truth declare, Sister Sarah A. Robison was the Gospel. 'Your morsel they have shared, pleased to meet with us under such favorable Their blessing your reward r A great labor devolved up circumstances. And welcome were. on the Relief Society. "I feel thankful the ....And now. in Spirit land, We , Lord .has blessed me with a family. Your friends around you stand, should not let out children hear a murmurA Savior meet, We should' pray often ing word from us. you by the hand, They'll take While tears Of 'joy descend, that our children may be raised in the truth turned be ridicule Their .. of the Gospel, for this is a noble work." To praises sweet. President H. M. Hansen said if we carry-buthe instructions given to us we will, be , resolutions of respect. ' benefited thereby. We live in a time of Whereas Our Father in heaven has called from always improvement and should appreciate the our midst Sister Rhoda Snell, who otwas duties-iher time we live irVand be thankful for the true and faithful in the performance the love and r-- 1 1 y "MIT . ht ' p IN MEMORIAM. SISTER LAURA MARIA LEVANDER.' Sister Laura Maria Levander was born September S, 1S5S, in Norway. Christiana, and was baptized in 1S76. She came to Utah July 14. 1S77, and was married' to John Levander, November 10. 3 Si . She died at Santaquin, November 20, 1 . -- 1 , RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. . ' - ; , - ; ' Whereas, Qnr Eternal Father, --in His infinite of ,wisdomhas .seen --fit to call from this stagewho action our beloved sister, Laura Levander, was a very faithful and energetic worker in the Church, was counselor in the Primary for a .number of years, a constant Sunday School teacher and a faithful teacher in the Relief Society, Resolved, That we realize that God calls from our midst Our esteemed associate and friend, that He doeth all things for the best, and we must be resigned to His hoi v will. That we her colaborers extend to her husband and the family our heartfelt sympathy in their sad " . loss. V . ', - Death also claimed one of our aged sisters, Sister Sarah Elizabeth Jackson,- who passed quietr ly away November 1 8, 1S99, aged eighty-fouyears- - She was born in Sweden. March 16, 1816,. was baptized DecembeFr, 1871, and emigrated to .Utah September 28, 1S62. She died ! as she had Saint. lived, a true and faithful Latter-da-y - 'Tis hard to be parted from those with whom we forever could dwell, butwe know they have entered Fv--often-a- t -- your-board,- -- t , respect the Relief Society.: and won to feel we express with her, of all who associated ' ' . our love for her. Resolved, That as a sister, associate and friend the we feel that words are inadequate to express while and her, high estimation in which we hold we sustain m loss the at sorrow we feel the deepest - Vprivileges we enjoy. . Sister Sarah G. Meeks, of Thurber Relief Society, reported that branch in good order. Bore testimony to the truth of the Latter-da- y work. . 