ROMAN'S V"hat a hir.ory thlr city ha ! Once 2 a with to--r Krhold. trO a3 :u. Also y.me of stes laid out and putsd in the ear!y part of this century by one of lie city's posts, aldermen, whose munificence sn-- public spirit is comm emor ated br the obelisk on rises to a tie nc id, Ts; rodoe called, great This mound is a pnzzle to anttuartaus; tie ieuthiers vem where u those cays 7.'3r, goes there'r it KXPO?EKT- - Sloiriy hut surely however old the walls nay be trie c raa is they are crumbling to deciy. but now ere the wall :t cider the-'- r ntvr;utueuts to builders, who long ego ben ds so as to sit cf the mound being may accocurt for the street cres is cf youtu nerer fulfilled are always eluding "which iue is past and C2T 01 Suli the wcrld would be dull without Tbe spot, the them, so youth dream cm hour is enchanted; neither moon ncx stars ever tell tales. This beauty will disappear when the garish sun has arisen. How strange ! This formerly a part cf the great Roman Empire. The wall is high and strong, no doubt they thought it im pregnat.e. with tht moat and draw- bridges. Though so strongly fortifed her power was broken and strangers pued down the wj returned to duvt from whence they came. included Formerly two others were out- Of Ite rears tie municipality cf Canterof tuts w bury h ve iaieu jrreat care of a" these most usual, but it was cf the I w:tn mit'.c seats re.ics, ana large: lower oeJ suape, ordinary r;t-erne's fancy and tuem,v,-oo'cir-The ground being taken inference. from the outside and placed at the top. has produced the present conical shape. It is also a puzzle to account 2 or its name wl :cn .Xccuhed.) FolSowiug the line cf the city va!3,the ter- appears in various forms, Dangon. Dangeu. ras which bounds the castle market is full Demgcen and Dungal in the different perla rieur, being considerably raised Cross- iods of its history. ing the bridge ve reach the eld Riding Some think that Dane John is the true Save Your Money! Gate, outside of which v.as tbe meeting form and that the mound is Danish earthpoint cf three Roman Roads. One leads to work, bat it really seems of earlier date Acd wbe2 yoa jret a col' at. depce:i ii Rickhorough, one (now the stone street) to than the Danish invasion, 3'et it B&uk & Trn izht wih Zioife Lympue, the other was the W&tling Street, have been a monument of some o: tfieir a rings Company. th oldest &&! b&ck e Uuh. leafing one way to Dover, the other to victories, as history tells us of the death of London and Chester. a certain Danish king somewhere in this Si see lie eiX&bliAviezt ol tbe trk The street inside the gate is called the locality. An old cannon is preserved in e ta-ropened more thin 19.000 sat- WatHng street, but at this point Roman the park at the foot cf the mound, said to Canterbury had been destroyed, that the have once belonged to the Danes. The laws of Utah permit married true line of the street was lost, but was diswossen asd alw children who are minors A winding walk around the sides of the covered when the excavations for drainage mound to open aiczs aecoants is their on by gradual ascent reaches the revealed tbe foundations of the Roman monument Eame. nbiert to their owe order. Hare on top wHch gives the names yoa each as account? If opes, houses in tbe middle of the present road. and history pertaining to the surrounding oce NOTV The true line of the street, however, ;s park and of those who gave the same to We pay FOUR PER CENT INgiven in its western continuation, the Lane, the city. TEREST on any amount from one dolwhich leads to the original place of crossing is The view from this point delightful. lar to thousands, and compute said tbe river. The gardens, wuh flowers, shrubbery, interest four times a year. The Riding Gate, constructed of Roman trees and walks below, look in miniature It seems that this from this height, as also the old cannon, VTRITE for any information desired. brick, has disappeared. part of the city wall was the end of the which appears as a toy. The Barracks, the L02ZXZO Sxow, Prest. Roman fortifications. The part of this wall ior minister's children, the catOrphanage ii. Caxxqx, Cashier Geoege is well preserved, and forms the outside tle ruins and the monument erected the by No. Main Street. embankment of the bridge. Looking over citizens for the one Kentish martyrs, forty its side we see the old moat, converted at who ere burned at the stake in the reign this point into a vegetable garden, and far- cf because Mary, they belonged to ther on to a cattle market. The offices of theQueen The Mast Convenient Local Train Senicc Reformed Church, are all plainly distbe dealers have been made underground, cernible. facing out on the street, and on the ground is the State h hea by tbe Up here the wind is blowing almost a level of the old moat, the bridge being is like a veritable March day. Still it gale, above over which thousands pass daily. it is invigorating, and the laugh Strange feelings fill the heart of the be- merrily as we hold on to company the fence until holder. So many hundreds of years ago each gust has spent itself. citizens and soldiers of ancient Rome lived is a popular Lovers Walk on sum This their lives here, died and vere buried; not mer moonlight nights, such walks must be only here, but in other cities of England. In the old capital city of Winchester, when ideal indeed. The grassy sides of the Dane look like velvet. Peace and quiet excavating for water mains a number of John it is a secluded retreat where here; rtign years ago, in one of the streets a man and the of the busy city below is not felt. pulse PI VP Fast Daily Trains Each Way between a woman were unearthed apparently in an Down in the park seats are scattered excellent state of preservation, but vanishLili Salt Lake Dty and Ogden. ing from sight as soon as the air touched around, inviting repose and relaxation. them. They had coins in their hands of Lovers choose a romantic walk when they Like their aspirthe time of Julius Ceasar, of the date 60 ascend the Dane John. is above it far the C. B. world's tumult, Se that your tickets read ia the was the This to ations, years money pay the ferryman to row them across the river. almost in realms of bliss; but the path that S'-c- :ry-grovi- r, s m u Sa-rirg- s larg-es- t -5 Oregon Short Line Railroad Of course the remains were immediately sent to the British Musuem. Passing the bridge before mentioned, we enter the grounds know as the Dane John. This from time immemorial has been open R. K. ascends also descends, and they must awaken on common terra firma again. If their fairy castles are as high as the Dane John, no wonder they have so many sad falls. Of course one is nearer the moon and THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main Si, Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. We aim to give you as "TR Y US "SHORT LINE And Get CITY TICKET for tickets to all points, 100 West OFFICE Second South Street Salt Lake City, Itah. S. W. Ecdes, Gen tbe bes Tfc Mgr. D. E. Buriey, G. P. i T. A 