WOMAN'S EXPONENT. apparently dead, but was miraculously restored to life by his brethren inflating his lungs with their own breath and his life was again restored. His success as a financier in Brigham city is well known and he established many prosperous home industries in that locality. When the Edmund's law was enforced Apostle Snow was one who was sentenced under the principle of segregation. His case was tried before the Supreme Court of the United States, and after serving eleven months in the penitentiary he was released His fortitude by a decision of said court. and heroism during this long term of imprisonment for conscience sake won for him the highest respect from the officers of the law. On the demise of President Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, then President of the Quorum of the Apostles, became by right of succession, President of the Church, aud was officially elected on September 13, 1898. At the dedication of the Temple, April 6, 1893, Apostle Snow was made Presided t of the Temple, which position he held at the time of his demise. His life has been full of noble work well and faithfully performed. He was possessed of superior executive ability and enterprise in whatever pursuit he took part, and his advice in business matters was considered wise and his judgment sound. President Snow was a man of fine intellectuality, a vigorous writer, a student of classical literature all his life, fond of reading and passionately fond of music of thz best quality, a patron of the fine arts and altogether a man of culture and refinement its nisnest ana best sense. fim tt: tr rr-- jem . i i l - rwr """"b 01 me vnurcn - i uavc ueen iresiueni u.u auu aiuuuuj iuj a iuau ana ne naa nut years, wonaenui j. vitality .'issr ucuimc v fux-Wl3a- jm. ul ; : i . : fi sibtlity of believing. I FUNERAL IN TABERNACLE. The catafalque, upon which rested the . . white casket containing the mortal remains of the venerable departed leader of Israel, was veritably embedded in rare Sowers whose fragrance was wafted throughout the big auditorium. The west end of the vast building had been transformed into a regular bower of blossoms, palms and foliage. White and green was the prevaild casket ing effect from the down in front of the stand to the draperies which hung in artistic festoons from the The first gilded pipes of the great organ. four pillars which support the galleries on either side of the building at the west end were covered with white draperies around which were entwined ropes of ivy and sprigs of autumn leaves. The galleries above were also draped in similiar effects relieved by cord tassels and white rosettes. At the back, towering above the choir, was d the oil portrait of the departed President. Immediately beneath the portrait was the tribute of the Temple workers, a reproduction of the Salt Lake Temple in white and purple everlasting flowers upon a solid background of deep At the right hand, facgreen ivy leaves ing the catafalque, stood the floral design, the token of the Quorum of Apostles, at the left the piece offered by the Deseret Sunday School Union. The first consisted of an arc nearly five feet in l.eight wrought in white everlasting flowers and relieved by silver-mounte- life-size- 45 twelve stars of pink carnations with a cream rosebud in the center. Within this stood a Corinthian pillar in white everlasting flowers with cream colored rosebuds, fern leaves and a knot of white crepe. On either side stood one broken column en- I want you to give my best wishes to President Snow and tell him that I have much respect and esteem for him as a man devoted to the interests of his fellow men. I think he is a good man and lives a God It was a beautiful fearing, true life.' twined with smilax and white carnations, tribute from a great man." the whole upon a base of astors, chrysanAfter Apostle J. H. Smith's address themums and roses, surmounted with a the choir sang, with intense feeling, one of white dove with wings outstretched. The President Snow's favorite hymns, "Who Deseret Sunday School Union tribute was are these anayed in white?" a beehive upon a background of ivy leaves, Apostle John W. Taylor was the next the hive yellow astors and chrysantheHe like his brothers who prespeaker. mums. The other floral designs were ceded Jaim, alluded to President Snow's numerous and elaborate a scroll in pink spiritual characteristics, and read some and white roses, dahlias, carnations and passages from the Pearl of Great Price, and other choice flowers. In the center of the a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph scroll appeared the purple letters which Smith on the subject of the priesthood and some other passages in the Book of Doctrine Adjaread, "As God is Man May Be." cent a lyre of artistic design in different and Covenants, and concluded by testifying kinds of flowers from Zion's Saving Bank of the immortality of man, and that Joseph and Trust Company. Smith was a prophet of God. u cresThe Z. C. M. I. gave a The anthem, "Shall We Meet Beyond cent and a star standing upon an easel in the River." was beautifully sung by the A floral anchor fern Jeaves and smilax. and President Temple choir, Rudger with a crown in the center and a white Clawson paid a glowing tribute to Presidove surmounting the easel, the Latter-dadent Snow's life and labors. He reierred Saints' University; a double armfull of perin his remarks to the Apostleswho had fect American Beauty roses represented been associated with President Snow and the sorrow of the First Seven Presidents of said how many had gone behind the vail Seventies. in the last fifty years. He spoke with Other pieces, gieatly admired, were an tenderness indicative of deep emotion, and elaborate lyre from the Elks of Salt Lake; closed with these words: bouquet on easel, Utah Light and Power "I am interested in (he family of Presibasket, Salt Lake Primary dent Snow and in their great bereavement company; Association; spray of roses, frcm John W. I offer my sympathy. I pray God to help Young of New York; spray of roses from them and encourage Ihem that they may the General Relief Society; design in have peace and consolation. I pray God chrysanthemums, from R. E. Evans and that they may emulate the example of their wife; horseshoe of roses and ivy from the father and be strong and brave and firm as General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A.; a he was. I pray that God will help them wreath from the General Board of the now that they may recognize his hand Primary Association; harp with the design and say 'Thy will, not ours, be done.' " President Joseph F. Smith said that "Father," from the family; bouquet of roses from Governor Wells and wife; piece because of the limited time he would not in pink and white roses, carnations, attempt to speak, only to say that Presidahlias and chrysanthemums, with sheaves dent Snow was the last of the Apostles of of wheat from, the Priesthood and Sunday mature years and who were acquainted Schools of Weber Stake, and dozens of with the Prophet Joseph Smith. "With smaller pieces and simple bouquets. the exception of the Prophet Joseph The funeral services were presided over Smith," continued the speaker, "I don't who believe any man ever stood upon this earth by President Joseph F. Smith, announced the opening hymn, "O, my who bore a stronger, more clear cut testiPresident Smith Father," written by President Snow's sis- mony of Jesus Christ." was said R. Snow. that knew he It the Prophet Joseph exquisitely ter, Eliza rendered by the choir. Prayer was offered Smith and he knew he was a Prophet of by Apostle M. W. Merrill, and the hymn God. He bore the same testimony in following was, "Zion Stands with hills relation to Brigham Young, John Tayor, Wilford Woodruff and Lorenzo Snow. surrounded." first "You have seen what President Snow has Apostle Brigham Young was the was and but there are some things he address His eloquent accomplished speaker. closed the with that you will know nothing he and accomplished sympathetic, in are about that all "Of my through things only prayer and devotion to remark, in the Smith declared to the President stand Christ." most to desire I presence heart, family of President Snow that their father of the servants of God who have gone bewas not deceived and enjoined them to fore and to be worthy of their plaudits." The second speaker was Apostle John follow in his footsteps and be true to their Henry Smith, who also spoke with great last breath to the cause of Zion. The Tabernacle choir sang the hymn, tenderness of the late President and in the the related remarks his of course following "Glory to God on High,'-- ' and the benediction was pronouncedly Bishop John R. incident. the of to Winder. visit "On a recent city of a bearer the message Every arrangement had been carefully Washington I was for those who were to march in the William to made from President Snow McKinley to tribute a our and that great man paid procession to the depot. forThe funeral train was headed by Chief departed President that I never shall President McKinley received the Hilton and a platoon of police, then Major get. message with much manifest pleasure and Young and Bishop Empey, and Held's band came next playing a funeral march; said to me that he had met President Snow in Ohio when they were both young men then came President Smith and Apostle and had talked with him. He then said to Young, the men who carried the floral me: 'Upon your return to Salt Lake City orlerings marched in front of the Apostles, half-moo- y 