WOMAN'S 52 Woman s Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. semi-monthl- y, Each square, ten lines of nonparie A liberal to regular advertisers. dvertising rates: space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Entered at the Post second-clas- s Office Salt Lake City, Utah in Salt Lake City, Ltah, a matter. Salt Lake City, Utah, December, 1901. SPECIAL CONFERENCE. RELIEF SOCIETY REORGANIZED. Our sisters are doubtless all aware ere this of the reorganization of the General Presidency of the Relief Society of the This became necessary on Church. account of the demise of the late beloved President, Sister Zina D. H. Young, who has held the position of Elect Lady for thirteen years, having been appointed by President Wilford Woodruff and sustained at the April Conference in 1888, being the third President in order since the Society was first organized in 1842, when Sister Emma Smith was elected President, and afterwards Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith, who presided for many years, having been called by President Young before her regular appointment on June 21, 1880, by President John Taylor. We now have our fourth President and so far all have been Smiths in the succession, Emma Smith, Eliza R. S. Smith, Zina D. H- Young Smith, and now Bathsheba W. Smith. The three first were wives of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and Sister Bathsheba of his cousin, George A. Smith. President Bathsheba W. Smith was selected by the First Presidency and Apostles of the Church, in Council, on Thursday, October 31, 1901, and her Counselors on Thursday, November 7. They are Sisters Annie T. Hyde and Ida Smoot Dusenbeny. Sister Emmeline B. Wells was retained as Secretary and Sister Clarissa S. Williams chosen Treasurer. The General officers of the Relief Society of the Church in their order are as follows: Bathsheba W. Smith, President; Annie T. Hyde, First Counselor;. Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Second Counselor; Emmeline B. Wells, Secretary; Clarissa Smith Treasurer. Williams, It is the first occcasion on which the officers of the Relief Society have been voted for by the Priesthood in the order of First, the First Presidency. Quorums. Second, the Apostles. Third, Patriarchs. Fourth, Presidents of Stakes and their Counselors and High Counselors. Fifth, High Priests. Sixth, Seventies. Seventh, Elders. Eighth, Bishops and their Counselors. Ninth, Priests, Teachers and Deacons (the Lower Priesthood.) Tenth, all members of the Church, rising to their feet and raising their right hand. The voting was unanimous in the affirmative, although in each instance - EXPONENT. successively President Joseph F. Smith, who officiated called for the negative vote, and if any were opposed an opportunity was given to express it. It was a very grand and imposing spectacle to witness, to see quorum after quorum of the holy priesthood and finally the whole congregation rise to their feet and raise the right hand as witness that they sustain the person or persons in the position to which they have been called. The teaching and instruction given at this Conference has been of a most impressive character, and will no doubt carry an and influence that will be tend to strengthen all those who are work, both at engaged in the Latter-dahome and abroad. The speakers during the morning session were President Joseph It. Smith, President Anthon H. Lund, President Brigham Young, Apostle John Henry Smith. The singing, music and prayers were very inspiring? The afternoon session was almost entirely occupied with the sustaining of the authorities of the Church and some other important matters of business, and at its close President Smith spoke briefly upon the sacred ness of the duty of the Priesthood of the Son of God and blessed the people. The choir sang an anthem after which President John R. Winder addressed the congregation a short time and was followed by President Smith, who gave some of his ideas in regard to the obligations and responsibilities of the First Presidency and Apostles. Apostle Hyrum M. Smith made a few remarks and the Conference was then The choir adjourned until next April. and congregation joined in singing "We thank Thee, O God. for a Prophet," and the benediction was pronounced by Apostle far-reachi- y A. O. Woodruff. THE HAWAIIAN QUEEN. The visit to this city of Queen Liliouka-lan- i has created considerable interest among the people, who are, at least a number of them, well acquainted with Her Majesty and even though she is not now a sovereign queen, she is in herself, as President Joseph F. Smith fittingly remarked in his address at the reception given in her honor, a queen among her people and as such they honor and regard her. The Queen has ever been friendly to our people and we have taken a great interest in The everything connected with her affairs. late President George Q. Cannon had a great admiration for Her Majesty Lilioukalani, as also has our present President of the Church, Joseph F. Smith. She is a woman of superior gifts and accomplishments, fond of music, poetry and the fine arts and has composed some very sweet songs and verses. She speaks English remarkably well and her literary attainments have made her conversant with many languages and the history of many countries. Her Majesty is remarkably well preserved and her quiet and dignified manner suits well the rank in which she was born. The reception given at the Bee Hive by a special committee of which the Hon. Abraham Fernandez was the chairman, was a brilliant success. The affair was well managed and the spacious parlors of the historic Bee Hive House were once again made historically popular b? welcoming a queen to the ever memorable home of Brigham In this fact there is a fulfillment oi Young. prophecy, which we ought to remember and That "the queens of the earth recognize. should come to Zion," etc. The program opened in the parlors of the Bee Hive with an address of welcome by President Joseph F. Smith in which he told of his first mission to the islands and spoke most feelingly of the kindness and hospitality shown him by that , generous people and especially the former queen, since deceased, who was truly a foster mother to him in his youth and inexperience while he was studying the language, and indeed throughout his f land. sojourn in that Most of the musical exercises were by the Hawaiians, who are very fond of this high art, and the son and daughter of Brother and Sister Fernandez did much to contribute to Miss Lulu Gates the musical program. sang a little Hawaiian song in the native language which she had once sung when a child on the islands for the former queen. Brother and Sister Gates were at the time on a mission to the Sandwich Islands. Queen Lilioukalani was assisted in receiving by President Joseph F. Smith and Elder Henry P. Richards, who stood at her left The Hon. hand, and Mrs. Fernandez. Abraham Fernandez made the introductions in a very happy manner, as each one cordially greeted and gave her welcome, and the matter of presentation to Her Majesty was very happily accomplished, though perhaps somewhat informal. The Queen was most gracious to all who were presented and with an affability that betokened rank and dignity. After the musical part of the program was over the Hon. Abraham Fernandez responded in behalf of the Queen in a very happy manner and the company in greeting each other; and certainly the occasion was a proud and happy one, a very delightful entertainment. The committee are to be congratulated on the success of their hurried arrangements. far-of- WEDDING AND RECEPTION. The pretty wedding celebrated and reception given, October 29, 1901, at the residence of Hon. Spencer Clawson, at the old homestead of the late Mrs. Clara D. Young, where he now resides, was a very pleasant and enjoyable affair, and the historic house was one of the attractions to the writer. Houses and places are in a way effective. Say what you will, one cannot from the fact that where the old get away friends have often met the memories come back to us, and fill our souls with a melancholy sweetness. The mairiage ceremony which united Miss Claire Clawson and Dr. Chauncey F. Benedict was solemnized by Bishop O. F. Whitney in the presence of the nearest relatives and friends of the happy pair, at 7 p. m., other invited guests arriving afterwards. The bride was handsomely attired and so were the bridesmaids. The decorations were in the very best taste, the colors sage green and red prevailing throughout. The presents were numerous and beautiful, and the refreshments all that could be desired. As our little paper does not deal with society, we are not expected to give details, but as Claire is one of our dear home girls we must say a vvord or two about her marriage and wish the bride and bridegroom great and true happiness. May the sunshine of prosperity and contentment abide in the home, and in all the 