WOMAN'S EXPONENT. AN EVENING PRAYER. BY ADELAIDE SCHMIDT WAYLAND. I pray Thee, Father, now the day is done. That Thou, who knowest my course since morn begun, Wilt grant me mercy for my wrongful deeds, That, even thoughtless though they were, were seeas That now have taken root in human soil, And can be cast out but by days of toil. If there is aught that I have done for Thee, I ask Thee, Father, to accept from me What'er it be, and with it shall be sent My heartfelt joy at its accomplishment. My life, dear Father, consecrate anew. Make me a Christian, constant, worthy, true. Let not my heart on earthly things be bent, Then, if Thy will denies them, I shall be content, Let me remember that all mortals here Are like myself in Thine own image dear; Then in my dealings with them, Thou shalt see, I'll do as I would have them do by me. And, for the whole wide world, dear Lord, I pray The prayers I make for self, day after day, And, if the world and I will help Thee, Lord, To answer all I ask O, Son of God Thou soon shait find the Earth o'erflo wed, indeed. With souls well fitted for the Heavenly Mead. ! TESTIMONIAL. Inasmuch as Sister Mary Jeremy is in her seventy-fourt- h year and in delicate health, not feeling able to continue her duties as First Counselor in the Twenty-Secon- d Ward Relief Society, she has tendered her resignation; and Whereas, we, the members of the Relief Society, give her our heartfelt thanks for her kind, wise and efficient performance of her duties while acting for twelve years in that capacity, Resolved, that we present this Testimonial of thanks to our sister. Resolved that we place this Testimonial on the records of the Twenty-Secon- d Ward Relief Society. Resolved, that we send a copy to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Rachel, Whipple, President. Maria L. Nebeker, Counselor. Alice Solomon, Secretary. MRS. ALDER'S LETTER FROM ENGLAND. Extracts of a letter from President George Q. Morris of the London Conference, Aug. 15. 1901. Sister Lydia D. Alder: I was much pleased .at receiving your letter of July 25, which reached me a week or so ago. Many thanks for the tickets and suggestions concerning the tourists I wish you might have received sleepers. the same before your journey. Hope by this time you are entirely free from your troublesome cough. I presume being at home soon set you right since you were there in a favorable climate, though warm, and had some home comforts, I think you endured serious inconvenience daring the two years of your work here, and nothing but your zeal in the work would make the conditions endurable, or the bearing of them anything but a hardship. However, you bore them faithfully and uncomplainingly, and did an excellent work withal, a better work than many a younger and stronger missionary. I want to acknowledge to you my appreciation of your labors in this Conference and express my praise for their excellence and extent. 43 I think as you look back on the two years you spent here you must gain much joy. I think, too, you have and will realize many blessings. Since coming in touch with the work of the sister missionaries, I have always been an advocate for them. In most ways they stand equal to the brethren; in many ways they are able to do more than the brethren ordinarily are All here are well and join in kindest regards to yourself and daughter, May. Remember me kindly to all old friends and associates m the work. With kindest regards, I remain, faithfully your brother, laboring m London. They are very active in tracting and street work. The results of our half summer's outdoor work are being manifest now in the amount of opposition that we are receiving on all sides. On the streets a combination of local preachers and church workers from various denominations have banded together, for once to hold regular meetings for the purpose of exposing "Mornionism." They come into the places we regularly visit, and go over the old stories, so often The repeated under similar conditions. we have always been receiving opposition in the Finsbury park burst into a storm about a month ago, and after being thoroughly excited by one of our opponents at the meeting, the mob broke up our gathering and drove our brethren and sisters out of the park, amid jeering and hooting. Some threats were made, but no violence was attempted. The next Sunday we went back as usual and under the protection of an extra force of police and detectives, held an excellent meeting. We have been doing so every Sunday morning since, and have had good crowds that listened attentively. Last Sunday during the latter part of our meeting, I think there were three hundred people We listening with the greatest attention. owe much of the interest taken in us to the activity of our enemies. The afternoon following the morning upon which we were driven from the park, we baptized seven persons in London. During last month fifteen baptisms were recorded, seven of them were in Southhampton. Brother Dougall is now in charge in Stratford. He will do a good work among the Saints there. Last Sunday Brother Simmonds, whose daughter you may remember at the Stratford meeting, was baptized into the Church at Stratford. You have no doubt seen the Stratford Saints who went out to Salt Lake, as well as Brother Sherwood and others, who came from laboring there and among us. We are preparing for our conference, Presiwhich is to be held on October 6. dent Lyman we hope will be with us. We shall try and surpass the one held last spring. Up to date we have had about twenty-thre- e baptisms since last conference, and are hoping for enough more to make a very favorable report by conference time, a little more than two months hence. missionWe now have but twenty-thre- e about a came When I field. aries in the the into went and ear ago priesthood meeting, I think I found about thirty-five- . We are beginning to feel a bit lonesome. presidency. President W. F. Slocum, of Colorado College, announces an anonymous gift of $100,000 for the erection of the Science Dr. D. K. Peirsons. the Building. Chicago philanthropist, is believed to be the giver. He gave $50,000 to the college in 1894, and last January an additional $50,000 toward the Science Building. The building will be larger than at first planned and will cost $3,000,000. George Q. Morris. NOTES AND NEWS. able to do. We now h?ve, as you may know, four Seventy-seve- n tribes are represented sisters laboring with us. Sister Penfold in the Indian trainthe 1007 among pupils was sent to me to take Sister Holbrook's school Carlisle. at ing place with Sister Sargeant, and about a month ago, when Sisters Woodward, of Roosevelt is the first President of the and United of States since Abraham Lincoln who Salt Lake, were sent Clark, Idaho, has President over, Lyman sent them both expressed himself publicly in favor down here, so that for the present four are of woman suffrage before attaining the Mrs. Roosevelt has rented what is know as "The President's Pew," at St. John's Episcopal Church in Washington, for herself and such of her children and visitors as may care to worship there. She was rearec in that communion, while her husband belongs to the Dutch Reformed Church, and generally attends it. The difference of religion has never disturbed their perfect domestic harmony. President Roosevelt, who is an avowed believer in woman suffrage, is entirely willing that his wife should call her soul her own, and go to whatever church she pleases. A dispatch from Christiana, dated October 9, says: "The privilege recently-grantewomen to vote for, and sit in municipal councils in Norway is adding unusual interest to the approaching The women's battle-cr- y elections. is with men and politicians; only 'away women who further social reform to the front1' Conservatives and Liberals are trying to induce the women to vote for their candidates, but even in the smallest towns the women insist upon their right to pick the best men of both parties and to The men support the women candidates. are greatly disturbed and do not know how to vote." d Liliuokalani, formerly queen of Hawaii, birthrecently celebrated her sixty-secon- d several entertainments at day by giving which hundreds of natives and a few Three hundred whites were present. with breakfasted the deposed queen guests and then came a general reception. In the afternoon there was a great luau, or feast at which Federal Judge Estee was present, and escorted the hostess to a large tent, under which the luau was given. He was seated on a mat at her right hand. The food was served on mats on the ground, and the staple articles were poi It was reported that the and raw fish. would invite a number of her old political enemies to celebrate the burying of the hatchet, but only her personal friends and partisans were present at the least. ex-quee- n 