EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 96 napkin ar.d lay them, away, but bring them forth to lc. used for the benefit of mankind. Let your light shine to help lighten the world, that all may glorify our Father which is ru neaven. .How rich were the blessings showered upon tlie Saints at bur late'General Confer ence Let us not forgeC or lose sight of ' tlifMii And hmv onroiinunnf ' to lis were. the great gatherings of the sisters at our Relief Society Conference on the Sth of April,. 1901. Seldom .before had we so large an attendance at a sisters conference. Those of you who had the privilege of being present will, we trust and believe; try to fully appreciate the point which was that day so clearly and practically illustrated regarding the necessity jof our having a building ot ou( own .suitable for our general conferences and all needful business. And, let the spirits -- ! I Cummings, trf Wi'Iford, reported the recent organization of that ward and. spoke of the The eneVgy of the officers and members. number of teachers was eight and members Cottonfifty. Counselor Julia Jensen, Big wood Ward, reported her society as making it a practise of visaing those who were not able to come out and- holding meetings - in 4heir homes. I feel very President M. I. ilorne said: thankful, my brethren and sisters, to be' at I have visited among your conference. I was very vmi fnr nhnnt twentv vears much pleased with the minute of your last ou nave excel kiu ouueib 111 conference. the' Granite Stake, both men and women, of God. I cannot say one thing to you of benefit unless prompted by the spirit of the Lord." She was pleased with the remarks of the president 'as they were timely and to the point. "By our daily course we are judged; our acts and thoughts are all open society, that every one may be profoundly to our Heavenly Father, (he angels interested in. 4he erection of our Woman's As Brother Bennion notes taking. Building, and use all legitimate plans for said this morning, 'We are here in a school, raising the necessary means to accomplish we are to take our tabernacle and le proven Talk up this in this school by trials and tribulations. this very desirable end. building, sisters, in all your assemblies and How was it with Job?' I often wonder in your conversation until the matter is achow it. was that Satan was allowed to so complished, which we dare to anticipate may afflict and try him. Job was an upright be at an early day. But while talk and and just man." Sister Home jspoke mind we in essential are must keep agitation earnestly and very interestingly upon the that intelligent planning and energetic labor. trials of Job and his integrity,, and said, "I wonder why so many of our sisters stay works are accomplished. away from meetings ? There is a book kept" Let us show our appreciation of the magof our record and anothtr one is to be f the opened, if we are so lucky as to have our nificent gift which the presidency Church have bestowed upon us in the form names recorded on the Lamb's book of life, of a beautiful building site, by erecting; we must arouse ourselves and have our thereupon a building worthy of the situalamps trimmed and burning." Spoke feelo a as stand house shall that tion; a., ingly on the sermon of President Cannon do honor to the. women of Zion. concerning the coming of the Savior. The Beloved sisters, we have hopes of seeing signs of the times,, said false spirits will the contemplated building completed in our come' among the people and teach false time, which, according to the common doctrines. "When you see these signs course of mortality, may not be many years know the time is drawing nigh Read the in and President the that flesh, longer Prophet Isaiah, it is full of prophesy conLortnzo Snow in his time may have tha" cerning these days." Urged the young peoprivilege of dedicating it. We hope to hold ple to read dhis book, especially the third at least one conference with y ou in our own chapter. Quoted from Daniel and said the building, and, as many more as the Lord prophecies of the Prophet Joseph Smith are may, in His infinite goodness, see fit to alDnw our minds to coming. to pass daily. low. the condition of many of our people today God We bless to as prayNow, always, and their slackness. The Lord calls, percharitable in all duties, your loviugaud you suades but forces no man to heaven. Felt and that His Spirit may guide and aid you that the sisters had been too careless about throughout your lives. the wheat and the need of their waking up Your sincere sisters and and being more energetic concerning this Zina D. H. Young. ?most importaut duty. 'The time is comiug Jane S. Richards. wheiithose who will not take .up their Bathsheba W. Smith. sword against-theineighbor, must flee to Sarah J. Cannon. Zion. President Woodruff told us at the dedication ot the Temple, that the sword would Be unsheathed and would reap down R. S. REPORT. the nations. The scriptures say f 4I will send them the truth, and if they do not acGRANITE STAKE. j V cept it, I will send them fables.' " Referv" - (Concluded.) l, red to the rebeliou of Satan when he drew Afternoon session, November 10,1901, one third of the hosts of heaven with him. Counselor Mary., P. Young presiding. What would we have been if the Lord had Meeting opened by singing "O say. what is not organized the Relief- Society through We should have" truth.'1 Prayer- .by Sister Armeda S. the Prophet Joseph ? Young. Minutes of afternoon session of been groveling with earthly things and working at home not improving the spiritprevious conference read and approved. ual by attending these meetings. Sister Young said,t "We will now hear The A the reports." Prophet Jose?b in. his time said this society r would flourish and grow until It became President M. E. Porter of Granger reone of the greatest on the earth. ported her society in good condition; President Charlotte Neilson, of Hunter, reported Sister Home then mentioned the Fairs her society in a lively condition; President the Relief Society had in the early days and of South Taylorsville, the amount of .means that haVbetn Marj Parker, raised " ' Counselor a Louisa this report; good in way; Kneouraged the sisters to pvV' ' -- , are-silen- t monu-mentt- " co-laborer- s, take hold of these things. Slie hoped" ine sisiers woum ia,Ke gooa care oi j,hc wheat; flour.sliotdd also he kept. She had' eaten bread made from flour kept for four. teen years aim 11 was sweei. i'rayed that the Lord would bless the officers and Bishopric of the Stake who spend iheir time in doing good, "May the Lord bh-you, sisters, and the Lord. will bless you jn as much as you are faithful." Winnefred Tibbs then pleased the con-r- e gatiori with one of her interesting u-n- t . l .Counselor' Brockbank made some very pleasing remarks and said many of upwards would do well to pattern after Si.vu.-Neff's" society, She enjoyed Brodier.lkn-nion'remaiks, that ' by living up to our duties.we should receive blessings." Treasurer Maria B. Winder felt a desire to do all the good she could and felt an in- terest in Kenei society work since traveling among the sisters. Thought pray in the pssemblies. She spoke of the Temple work and the good it had done her. Sister Armeda S. Young here testimony to her love of the Gospel. Counselor Mary P. Young made closing remarks. ."Two features that interested me particularly were the reports of the two extreme wards: one reported of their success-fuFair work, the other reporting oLih sisters of her society going to comfort with words of cheer and encouraging with their presence1 he afflicted ones who could not attend their meetings. The world looks upon death with fear. Related a story told to the Prirnarr children that showed so beautifully the reason weshould not fear death, but always feel to say, "Thy. will not mine be done." Spoke of some when they had sickness feeling to rebel at their condition and the spirit of darkness crept over them and made them feel horrible. But when they werr; resigned to God and r s we-shoul- l W1U11J IU X liy Will iiillJV. 11UI LA Sister done," peace would Come to them. mothers rebelling and the sorrows that came to them She then announced the next conference to be held in three months. Sair Sister Woodruff wanted the missionaries to report at the next officers' meeting. Singing, "Karth with her ten thousand flowers." Benediction by Counselor Bennion. A. S. Young, Sec. . ' . r " b " - - - ; NOTES AND NEWS. A new compauy 'started this year in Manchester, Enclahd, the" "Manchester Distributive Kitchen Limited," will cook meals and deliver them ready for the table It is purely a business undertaking. If the scheme meets with success, it will be ex tended tq other localities, working-clas- s neighborhoods especially. The distribuitve kitchens are expected to prove not only a booh to women who cannot find cooks, but a good training school for servants. Mrs. Ida Eckert Lavvrencew. To- ledof O., has been chosen to wJrite the poem to be read at the launching '&( the Jjattle-sbi. "Ohio," at San Francisco in Lawrence hopes tpxgo to San fran' Mrs. Worth1 cisco to read her own poem. p May-Mrs- ington Babcock, of Columbus, a" stephas daughter of Governor Kash; of Ohio, been selected to name the "Ohio." . 