WOMAN'S HNPONLNT. 74 Sister Webb thought re met with the etin-'S character and letting the Bad "alone; filling the afternoon muting .of a love ieelhig Read the eueuhr,letter.hi among our lives with so', much go xT that the evil Relief Society. we attended. would all live-s.hold our, .Hoped a will have no place whatever. By doing regard to.duiiidi.ig a huse. meet faith the to" trials 'have Lake in Salt ami sc City. General. Conference in, this it will In. sa:d of us. as of all jjood" peo to in be bound were ir. Tiie that our to midst i hi ple, I like to be with them, it does me "There was a ready response to be we will sure which the have .good, I feel better and happier in their sisters feel ' to erve the Lord, A sister in the congregation from Word of Wisd m, pay th irithes and compajiy, they exert a good influence." Ward ore her tes'h-o-- "attend their prayers and teach T went "Judge not that ye be not judged-'-- ,' Sister Annie I. Hyde encouraged tf Leave it to a higher Judge who is better their childn to pray. sisters to spea;; as it not onlyOn the ;:2th wo traveled over to St. able than we are to know how to judge. oj hi themhe4vcs.Jnn the hv'.d others; :rud helped 'a U evening. and meeting these broad .Spoke Our religion ,,f Joseph by studying the the settlement ot w I the necessity rk all believe oLdoiug Temple we and can ople of of our religion become pe principles The brethren gave them the the great development of science in .; there. were will influence Our small things.. great in We had-- good time. century, was sure we could not have an be felt wherever we go, we will be loved Gospel in its purity. We idea of what awaited us in the future. Bore we went to Overtoil. On the 3 because we have charity and live for others held a meeting in the forenoon fr the people, a faithful testimony to the truth' of the A (100 1) woman. in the afternoon for the Relief S.ciety. The Gospel. A sister in the congregation Lore "an One who on her bed of sickness was, as Bishop met with us and we filled vacancies earnest testimony. Society and Primary. she always had been, ' thinking of others, in the Sister. Sophia 1 . Nuttall said she was On the 14th we went on to St. Thomas, had learned that an old book keeper was Met-ian eveglad to he present, was especially thankful out of employment, which .worried her. visited among the sifter. The Klders were called in to administer to ning meeting. Bishop Jones .said we had for health and the preservation of her- - Lie and the lives of her children. Felt to prai.-e- . her. After they had gone, she said, "d am the spirit 'of the Lord in our midst. . There is plenty of good land'- in the her Heavenly Father and to "rejoice in so sorry, but I was feeling so bad while make homes for the workand hoped to be able to endure to the' were here that I forgot to ask them if Muddy YalL-v- if and would to the end. . many people enough .would come-ithey could give this brother employment." Sister' Brown thanked her Heavenly The second time when they were called pui chase it. Father for all the blessings given her, was On the 17th we returned to Buukerville. in sjie thought of it. TJie employment was with the thankful for the privilege--oIn the evening we held a not found but it was taken' under adviseworking in the I em pie. advanced Primary, the children going ment and the brother was helped. A sister from Brighton Ward realized She would also mention some good that through the jexcrci-e- s very creditably. On the i 6th we went to Musiuito.Ffat. to live .at-- this that it is a others had done her, which they uudoubted-lhad forgotten. She could most likely Here the- people are filling up this settlement time, hoped' to have strength. to do the have found a gieat deal of evil to say of very fist. We held two meetings here ami labor devolving on her. Had received went onto" Brother Nephi Johnson's, where many testimonies oi the truth "of the Gosthem had she been looking for it. they are building a very nice house, and parLove begets love, and this was the dispel. of their We A sister in the congregation said she arrived at took, hospitality. position of this good woman, this true Saint of God, who had all her hie been gentle, Littlefiekl in time to h ;K1 an evening meet- - kneW'theLord would open the way for us if we earnestly ask him to assist us, 'made kind, sympathetic and forgiving, even to We reached ;St. George on the 17th, other iriteresting'remarks. those who had been thoughtless. Her life Sister Hardy prayed for strength to rewas a lesson to all those who'came in con- .having traveled! two hundred miles, held tact with her, and they must have felt the twelve meetings and, we trust, done some main faithful and for assistance to perform Was thankful for the the. duties of life. sweet influence of the spirit of meekness good in urging the sisters to their duty. Ann C. V(j!)i)BiKV. and forbearance. To do good to others was blessings of the Lord. A sister spoke of the blessings of the ever her motto in life. She has passed from Fattier to her in giving her a testimony of our midst, but her memory, is still fresh and LADIES' MEETING. the truth. green in the hearts of tier children and of Minutes the Ladies' Sis:er Mary Silver, was glad to be a memgrandchildren and all her family, and she 'Meeting, Jan. 2 President M.I. Home presidwill always be held in honorable remember of the Church, thought we should Present on the M. President I. stand firm and keep the commandments ing. brance among neighbors and friends. tand, Horne. Annie T. Llizabeth "Blessed are the dead who die in the Hyde, Webb, given us and the covenants we have made. S C. J. Howe. Cannon., Julia Lord from henceforth, for their works shall Sister Clarissa S. Williams bore, her testi.follow them." Meeting commenced by .singing,.' "All mony to the blessings of the Lord which hail the new oin year."" Prayer by Sister are constantly given to His people.. rl. A. S. Sarah Jane Cannon. A sister in the congregation spoke of the Singing, "Come let us anew our journey pin sue. M blessings, which she had received from the President Home welcomed th sifters at Lord.- VISIT IN ST. GEORGE STAKE. their first meeting of the new Another sister said she had been in 'the Sister Morris and I left St:' George with year and the new century. Made very Church fifty years. She had a testimony the missionaries, Brothers. William Stirling relative to theprophecies that this was the work of the Lord. and Oscar Bentley, to visit the settlements in.tructingjeiuarks of the opening of the new year and new, Sister Barr nv was glad to have, a testisouth of St. George, November 9CH000. century, and concerning this "people. Testi-- 1 mony. She wasTahvays learning something-SpokWe reached Littlefield that evening and fiedof the goodness pt. the Lord in assisting of the answer to her prayers in givheld meeting with the Primary Association, the to reclaim the desert people places and and. strength to her children. presided over by: Sister Hannah Iverson. improve this country to which we wtre led ing health Knew that the Lord did answer prayers, This settlement is a corner of "Arizona. We by the of the Lord. Prayed lor We must "work for the blessings we receive. prophets go on about ten or fifteen miles and find the spirit of the Lord on all the ?sih-- r Ifortr" mnff n fVu- rlosinsr remarks. people. ourselves in Nevada. A sister in the congregation testified to Said the sisters should study the life of the On the 10th we reached Bunkerville. We the of the Lord to her in restoring c . . . ..1 lice .3,. us i " held a meeting with the Primary, Sister her goodness and "in aim uc mhhuu uu ot iui, memory her answering1 to be done by. Spoke of administering to Harriet M. Larl (who is very efficient. prein many instances. Sister Julia C. prayers Howe the sick, said that those administering We- - were entertained at BishOp siding. testified of the goodness of: the Lord to her. should have the spirit of the Lord, or the uuwaru uu liner s, wtio informed us .that he Was for the,, preservation of her of the one administering niight had raised 8,400. pounds of seedless dried life. grateful Felt that there was'-- great work for sympathy the grapes from three acres of land. It shows her to do in .workings for her dead." Ac- impel him to promise blessings which Lord did not see fit to give. us what can be done by a systematic way the goodness of the Lord in knowledged of working. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. SingBishop Bunker went to Caliher prayers.' answering Benediction by Sister fornia and learned what he could in regard Sister Sarah J. Cannon, considered it a ings Doxology. ' to" raising grapes.. Silver. privilege to attend these meetings, for the Sunday morning we met with the" SabS. Williams, Sec. pro kmwords of testimony uttered were .a jClarissa bath School. After the exercises Brother great help to her. Hoped we would all live"" exStirling talked on the first principles of the--' emplary lives and live so that we would be" Hon. George F. Hoar is still the Gospel, followed by Brother Bentley. After saved 111 the celestial kingdom. senior .Senator- from Massachusetts. thes-create- - -- . - ob-er- -- oft-ring- we l . ' - - the-oa-t 1 - 1 1 1 - . Re-lie- f . . me-tin- . . ' great-blessin- y g ' , . . . SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-Monthl- y 1 . ' - .1 l 1 " semi-monthl- - c- - t.-c- n-tti- ' " . .. - - . . 