WOMAN'S Emancipated now from her former surroundings, behold her struggling and rising, her field of attainment and usefulness gradually broadening and deepening until it is now, not only national but international. Was any held ot thought with held from her? Was any profession denied her? No Whatever her hand found to do she was empowered to do with her might. With her fine, spiritual nature, her tender, loving heart, could she not speak of God and his dealings with men? Could she not call upon those, perhaps less favored than herself, and show them the pitfalls that were being constantly dug for their unwary feet, and warn them of their danger ? To her pure heart the still voice of the Spirit spoke as in tones of thunder; to the clear eyes of her understanding are the Thus truths of eternity made manifest. she becomes a witness of the unspeakable things of God. Being thus educated by God Himself thiough the whisperings of the Spirit, is there anything pertaining to His kingdom hid from her or denied her if she be worthy ? The prophecy had been uttered more than a decade ago, that the day would come that as the Elders were sent into the world two by two, so should the sisters of our Church be sent. In 1898 this was fulfilled, several sisters being sent to England as regularly appointed and authorized missionaries. On their arrival they were assigned to their fields of labor and began the arduous duties of that sacred, important calling. In June, 1899, the great Quinquennial Congress of Women was to convene in London. More missionaries were sent to Great Britian (among them the writer) who was also to attend that International gathering of women. The reporter of the New York World said to me, "You have eleven representatives from Utah here at this Congress. You people in Utah must have a lot of push or lots of money." I assured her it was the "push" of which we had such an abundance, and asked her to make mention of the fact in transmitting news of the Congress to her paper. Utah's voice was heard in the deliberations of that important body of women, and proudly did she contribute her share to its advancement. Was it not something of the irony of Fate that while this Congress was in session the Equal Rights bill that was being discussed in the English Parliament was cruelly put to death ? Having been received and entertained by her most Gracious Majesty, the Queen and Empress of India, the Congress dispersed, each one returning to her own land. The missionaries remained, were appointed to their fields of labor, and now at the end of two years they, too, have returned to the shores of America and the vales of Utah. The providence of God has been over them, the blessings bestowed by the servants of God have been fulfilled. They have gone in peace and returned in safety, having carried the truth of the Gospel to those who sit in darkness and under the shadow of death. They have had the privilege of speaking on the streets of many lands, or in the market places, have had the imperishable pleasure of seeing the sick healed through their humble administrations, and the Holy Ghost carry conviction to the hearts of ! EXPONENT. 22 those who have been under the sound of their voices; and some enroll themselves on the record of the Church, having entered in at the door, "Baptism." They have heard the voice of God's priesthood say "Well done, good and faithful servant, you are released from your labors in these lands to return to Zion, there to continue your efforts to roll on the work of God on the earth." Blessed words to fall on grateful ears, hearts humbled and taught charity, and the great love of the Redeemer of mankind by walking in His footsteps, by being scorned and rejected, even as He was, yet acknowledging with tears and supplication that they know not what they do, and imploring that God, before whom all the world must stand, to have mercy upon them, and, if possible, let them hear the words of life yet another time, for perchance they may yet repent. President Lyman, late of the European mission, has in all soberness declared "that the lady missionary is no longer an experiment, but an unqualified success." In the early dawn of the Twentieth century this fact has been demonstrated to the world. What will the future unfold ? Will her career' end here ? Nay ! Broad avenues, her earntoday unexplored will beopen-fo- r est efforts to teach the principles of purity and truth. The new century, ablaze with light for all the world, will see her crowned, seated on the throne secured by her long devotion of wifehood and motherhood, by intellectual development, and heart and soul expansion, as well as knowledge gained by contact with the world. A Queen, she will reign by the side of her lord, the King, as in the beginning, whe this planet of ours came into existence and rolled out into space. "The sons of God shouted for joy, and the morning stars sang together." So will it be when the predicted time has come and woman stands glorified in the sphere designed for her bv her Fatter and God. 1 NEW INTERNATIONALISM. Abstract of an Address delivered by May Wright Sewall, President of the Council of Wome?i, Salt Lake Tabernacle, July 77, lqoi. Inter-nation- al Five centuries ago the word "new" found a novel application in the phrase A century later the "new learning." new word was exposed to the eyes of the world. In our own day we have heard much of the new theology, the new criticism, the new education, the new psychology, and most obnoxious of all, the new woman. To utter the phrase, the nev internationalism, implies that there has been an old internationalism. The oldest internationalism was that of exploration, made in the interest of discovery at the impulse of curiosity. The Phoenicians represented this in classical times. Columbus was the type of this internationalism in the age of Isabella. Drake, Frobisher, and their companions, in the age of Elizabeth. Thus is formed an internationalism, old to the second, which may be called the internationalism of conquest. The leaders of this form of international spirit, are Hannibal, Alexander, Pizarro and Napoleon. Of these the symbol may still be " a tiger lapping blood" or "an eagle with his beak buried in the heart of his victim." Following internationalism of conquest, was the internationalism of commerce' whose object it was to serve the internation-isof conquest and discovery by reaping the fruits of their victors, Of this Warren It is tardly Hastings may stand as type. less less less merciless, greedy, rapacious or less cruel than conquest days, in the interest of commercial internationalism, that conquests aie made. There followed upon the forms of internationalism already enumerated, three others, which are typified by the missionThe ary, the teacher and the immigrant. internationalism typified by these three factors of modern society, differ from the preceding forms of internationalism in cerThe missionary and the tain respects. indeed strive to secure accesteacher do not for the country they repsions of territory resent, but the missionary does try to win for the particular section of Christendom which he represents, accessions of the The missionary and the human spirit. teacher are both differentiated from the immigrant by one quality, and in sn far as they are thus differentiated their interBoth nationalism is less helpful than his. kind a of dominated are by arrogance, the am holier than thou, missionary saying, "I become thou like unto me," the teacher saying, "I am wiser than thou, become It is only the immithou like unto me." of simplicity and in the who spirit grant in the seeks country whither he humility better and larger than life goes, something the in him country which he left. yielded He goes confessedly to improve his condition by the exchange of his native country for another. To my mind the immigrant will ultimately prove to have been the most important of the sociological factors which have united to produce a new internationalism. The immigrant has come into very close relations with the people of the country which he has entered, and his introduction into the country has been the introduction of new problems of philanthropy and charity. To meet these new problems with any degree of intelligence, philanthropists have been compelled to study the conditions which have produced the immigrant. This study of the sociological conditions in foreign countries is an important step towards the new internationalism. In all the forms of internationalism which I have enumerated, what has beeu the part of woman ? We may indeed be thankful that in the internationalism of discovery and conquest, woman's part was chiefly pain, Thankful because agony and heartbreak. heartbreak and agony are the agents of cleansing, of purification, and modern womanhood with its capacity for is, in a large degree, the product of the tuition of pain. What has been woman's part in commercial internationalism ? For a reply to this question, we must consult the statistician. So far as our own country is concerned, the statistician shows us that about fifty per cent of the imports may be classified under the chief head "Articles de Luxe:' For the most part these are made by the women toilers of foreign countries for the well to do women of the countries into which they are imported. So in industrial and commercial internationalism, women may be said to bear their equal share. One characteristic of all the forms of is internationalism above enumerated, internationalism In this competition. men and peoples have met one another as enemies, as combatants; as antagonists. It m self-abnegatio- 