WOMAN'S liJCPONENl. 99 1872, unci, after the Constitution "'was framed and adopted lie went to Washing, ton with Hon.' Thoiiras Fitch and Hon. mk Fuller, to present the Constitution and" apply for Utah's admission, to ' ' Tabernacle were numerously attended and "Twilight and evening bell, And after that the dark the great organ pealing' forth its grandly And ihav there.be no sadness of .farewell.' sublime notes awakened the tendere'st emoWhen I einbark. tions of the human heart, albeit attuned to "For tin from mt the bourne ot" Time and sadness, and yet' to victorious triumph. Place . ; The first hymn by the choir was Presitlood The me bear far, may In August, 1872, he was elected Delegate dent Woodruff's I to meet my Pilot face to face, in moves a "God' favorite, hope to succeed Hon. W. II. Hooper, and was When I have crossed the bar. ITi nn sn '" The was- offered mysterious way." prayer reelected four successive terms, 'making by Apostle F. M Lyman, and a male chorus His course in Congress was so of the live in alt. best singers rendered the funeral EDITORIAL NOTES. irreproachable, and his wisdom and judg- anthem, "Not dead, but J sieepeth." ment so admirable that he won the respect The speakers of the occasion were, the We have a number of anniversary meetand confidence of all with whom he came and First Presidency, men with ings held in March that we are unable to t IT.. Apostles 4i.T. in cMLxiiicu oy au whom his life had been in. luiii find space for. at this time, and-walso have spent in loving seras a man of refinement and excellent a'bili vice for the Gospel, and many glowing held over the minutes of the General Relief ty, and he never failed to win the confiof all whom it was his tributes were paid to hisrjnemory by these Society Conference, but they will be pub. dence and good-wil- l great and noble men who had labored with lished during the present months There is duty or privilege to associate with, ijowever him and knew whereof also much other matter on "hand, but we they spoke. great their station in life or in affairs of During the service Klder R. C. Kaston J, hope to use it all within a reasohable'tiuie State. The latter part of the life of President rendered "Sister Kliza's" immortal By request of Mrs. May Wright Sewall, "O, my Father," in a most impres-siv- e who Cannon is perhaps better known to our peorepresents the United. States on the his voice the style, than the earlier superb, filling occurrences, although ple International Peace Commission of Women, A male quartette it is he has really occupied a higher position in Tabernacle with melody. expected the women of Utah Will the Church in later years. He has been gave beautifully, "0, Love Divine,' and arrange for meetings on Peace and ArbiGeneral Superintendent of the Sunday the last musical number was Evan Stephen's tration oil 'Saturday, May 18. Certainly School Union ever since its organization in anthem, 'When the Soul is Sad and Weary our sisters in favor the are state throughout Seek in Relief Prayer." which to has be such an im 1867, of creating a sentiment for peace. A call grown The white festooned with in institution Zion. He was a mem draping portaut heavy will soon be issued through the local papers ber of the General Board of Education from white silk cord and tassels and rosettes and " We are sure the sisters its organization, April 5, 1888, and he filled bows oLAdiite satin ribbon made the place every wlieie wil many positions of public trust beside those sacred and fitting for such service over one be delighted to know that Sister Zina U H. 'Young; President of the Relief Society, whose life had been consecrated to the serof the Church, always with ciedit to him has recovered from her recent severe illness, self and the cause he represented. His vice of his Lord and Master. life was a very busy one, no man- - could do The floral emblems were suggestive of the which prostrated her for a few days, alarmed more, his capacity for work of the best various pkces he had filled and the work he some of her friends and prevented her atThe fidwers were the tending fhe General Conference of the Relief, quality seemea uniimiteu. ins books are had performed.Society held in April in the Assembly Hall, all perfectly written, and contain exalted choicest and rarest varieties to be obtained. The gift of the Sunday S3hool" was a large in this city. We all rejoice to see her again truths, and it would be well for the Saints in our midst and trust her health and u iu icau ui iucui uliu lecoiuiiieuu open book encircled with a wreath and a them especially to the youth of Zion, His tablet with the words "The Childrens' strength' may be equal to the duties and responsibilities of the honorable position she From the family a floral mausoFriend." magazine articles written for various periodicals were always worthy, of the man and leum with sblicf'roof, and floor of pink and occupies in the Church. his subject, and though the outside world white carnations and roses, and columns On April 11, 190 1, at the residence of did not agree with his. religious views, yet twined with smilax and flowers, the word Mrs.- Alonzo K. Hyde. in'This city, a numhis literary ability was admired by the "Father" embedded in the banked flowers. ber of ladies met, by invitation of Mrs. most competent judges. There .were many other exquisite floral Hyde, in honor of the birthday of her To the saints who are liviug he must pfferings and the effect was beyond any revjyjW mother, who passed away recently, sem very real, for his work and its Jesuits mere description on paper or canvas, and andorganized a society whieh.they named are everywhere apparent, he has left behind must have been seen to be realized or appre"The Daughters of the Pioneers." We him indeed a shining mark that will light ciated. The fragrance and beauty comhope to give particulars and names of the way for all time. "He is not dead, but bined with the exquisite taste of the ar- officers' in the next issue of the Exponent. sieepeth" is true of President George Q. rangement reminded one of the poet who Mrs. Hyde is at present in Logan, and Cannon. His memory is more than a wrote, consequently we have not been able to get . the proper notice to publish. shadow!, it is engraven on the hearts of those if us we will hear." to "Flowers preach who heard his wonderfully magnificent The workers in the Salt Lake Temple 'voice, his sublime teachings, his cordial After the funeral cortege had reached the and a few friends gave a party iu the Bee greetings on all occasions. The youth of Hive House, 'April I3, President Lorenzo while. the casket .was being Zion should strive to attain to the same ex-- " cemetery and lowered into the grave the quartette rendered birthday anniversary, celleuce in all they undertake", never give up and .with "Come the good old hymn, congratulations, music, floral ye disconsolate." President Cannon Was a man, so The grave was dedicated by Apostle tributes and other beautiful things and far as education of his own time, he was a and Bishop John R. choice sentiments, spent a few hours happistudent of the Bible, but he had not the Anthon H. Lund,in behalf of the family, ly in honoring this venerable leader of the Winder expressed, opportunities for schools and colleges that The Exponent adds its hosts of Israel. kindness and the at the young men of today enjoy; and yet he (fIngratitude for all the their-tmsincere congratulations and-- hopes and trusts of sorrow ie tention shown them in surpassed most men of his time in the acThe quartette sang, "When he may live yet many years in health and and affliction. quirement of learning and accomplishments. Fly." The grave strength and Jully accomplish the work asHe regretted not having had the advantages the Swallows Homeward in flowers. , Presisigned to him of the Lord. of a classical education, but his indomitable was literally embowered dent Cannon was buried at' the side of, his Mrs. L.'.M. Hewlings, who died at the perservance in the pursuit of knowledge "vife, Elizabeth, who died in 1882, and, his was almost unparalleled. Cannon House, in this ci.ty, April 23, 1901, two sons, Abraham and David, and; was a President Cannon passed away surrounded other children. ' very remarkable woman. Our readers by near and loving relatives although far ' the Exponent, and the poem 'Crumbling' from his own home and many dear ones, CROSSING THE BAR. yet in a beautiful spot in the old city 61 published in the last issue of the paper was ' "Sunset and evening star, i composed by her during her last illness. A Monterey, California, commanding a fine for me call one clear And brief sketch of her life will be given later.' view of the Bay, which was pleasant to look And may there be no moaning of the bar, She was the sister of the editor, and has out upon. x, When I put out to sea. written occasionally for our paper fcr more Of his illness the public were almost tidv? as moving seems asleep, . "Rutsuch a than twenty years, and as she never ref daily notified by telegrams to the friends at ' Top full for sound and foam, ceived any remuneration for her writings home, which were published in the city When that which drew from out the' bounda copy of the paper, we feel it only : except f' papers. lessdeep, r The funeral services held in the large TuriisHagain home. just and proper she should become better (,f state-hood-agai- ! . n. ' 4 . . -- - . ' 1 . .. . . e . -- i'nvo-cation, . - ic-ica- . - - -- Snow-'seighty-seyeat- self-mad-e ' ; ! " , . ' . . ' -' - ; t , . 