WOMAN'S EXPONENT. So- - . , - day Saints than tl'e the Door and afflicted.: ters to be; better" Latter He had enjoyed the brethren,' ONEIDA STAKE. tithing, 'it has been President Joeph Geddes always eajoe.l the Lord, has and e n:rrt-th; Minntf-Hofjr.st. the . , t till hearing the sisters speak, especially thov.-whr us with i ce:: ofO: di,p:ia,ed the Relief Society had lived in the time of the Prophet Felt . to tevereuce the ."ill of grain. th Proton meeting I Joseph. This is a work of great magnitude, o of GoL i H. Louis President (I". 1900, inclined the sist'ers seem awake- to their calling. O Go.i,t ra .o, "Should , you feel. "vVt .Thee, tha;ik Singing. Sister Phebe McNeil, President of Fair-viewas given by Sister Dora v.as centre,1' oy ofrul to President Relief Society, spoke a short tirn- -. prophet.". Prayer GeddeS. , jh.Ktn , pleased with the inio;vHannah Micklesen expres:ed She had leeu muchreceived Counsel. fi W what is truth.': Roliial-- d, during the con- was structions we had H. r- -r wt!ii::rw--.s to do whatever she ing! of Stake Hoard, Present Lou-- .i Mickle-sewho are placed over fereuee, 'especially, wtth what had been said those Hannah Counsel-Second Benson, was a in regard to Sabbath, breaking. r. Thought the Relief' Society and 'Secretary Eli- - 15. AUer. r:r:?i Conference was adjourned for six mouths. ' called been Lawi-enil had f, MartiuK Counselor . .,- t vi!li Singing,' "Come thou glorious day of ii .1 .: .... in the tleath ot family. account " to Provooii Benediction by Brother .Joseph -of Thought.' promise." Local presidents, ten nnsvered and one nt miicV feelinff, "A Thread Geddes. bv Sister L. CL Kjctiartis. co:nro-ea written report. Eusk B. Alder, Sec. was PresM-u- t George C. Parkinson Minutes of the morning session oi He had enjoyed to be with us. conference were read and approved. hat .... rlrs - of- Sister Uant. k.iw .;..?,Of the priesthood there, were prev-n- t. liow ,,r, Amities we have, Money President George C. Parkinson and Hrother .rhyuM Referred we have progress. and Peter Micklesen, of Weston; Bishop George wonderfullv ot recitation William Tanner, given to the beautiful T. Benson and Brotlier a dollar, i'ejMiit it Ar:' when yoi the Lord. in trust to . Whitney. with 'Avii'i Savings- Hank A: Trii-- t of beauties the the tor asked L. P.enson B. lie:wn spoke President 'President Louisa Coiapariy. the oa!.-- ami iari- -t uvinto ' Reburdens We have A. of the sisters. heavy bank n I'tah. of motherh.;sympathy and prayers are and our cruss ported the Stake Board as united, holding War, but we take up of iln bank Sinf th' thankful that we have been permitted to officers'' meetings' monthly; al.v hold meet I ''we hav' open more than 'j!'.'oo we can only see our 'have ings quarterly with local officer.. 'We At live in tiiis day, if The subject ot children serving, the Lord. thirteen branches of the Relief Society. our last meeting ail the local presidents Sibbath. breaking 'hid just come to her x,..' hr.vs of Utali jiermit marri. I breakers? time .Sabbath &e Since that mind.' Are were present but three. raing witrjfii and alroyhildrcn '.vlio arv minor aviii' aero'iUits in their o.vr; tooi.-!have met two of these, s that I can rep rt A- mother?) are we setting an example t their iianii'. all the branches of the society Jtmt one, worthy of imitation in this respect? Are voa Mich an account? If nut. 'e; ' the Sabbath one the for the that visit to to we prepare tiying Treasuretou, expect one NOW be a day well. are the may All that fairly before.' Monday! doing Sunday day coming ? FOUR . I' VAX tJ.KNT' V The attendance at the meetings is not what of rest and still our children be cared for , any ann)ant from one -Co-d we would 'like it to be, but hope the hy-.Meeting adjourned until two p. in. Sing-, ana .compute a llar to will awaken to. the necessity of dojng their in- -, "Lo the mighty God appearing." interert four times a var. Some have been very ciu;rgetic, Benediction by Brother Peter Mickelson. duty. VK'TC for any informauon the Afternoon session", two o'clock p. r.i. having accomplished more work during lias '' Tlus Prayer by f.oRi;szo Snow, lhvt. Singing, 'Now let us rejoice. past few month than ever ' "How Preston with Geddes. (;i;o!;h M. Cannon, to h ior Brother Joseph Singing, especially been the Case Minutes of the afterand Franklin. The presidents are ener- firm a foundation." Main Streut. No. read were There conference their do last to 'of session noon duty. and willing getic is a spirit .of improvement manife.Vi in pur and accepted. A circular letter from the "The Most Ccnenient Local Train Service officers' 'meetings. President Susan Grant, General Beard concerning the conjoint for us with , in Lake is Salt erected be today City one of the General Board, building to .Slate is ghen by the in our A. us I. and M. Y. L. the Relief Society, has kindly come to accompany all tne visit to tour around the Stake Primary, was read by the secretary. Presi-- ; branches. Brother Nuttali was expected, dent Benson fully explained the, same. Tlie LINE but owing to circumstances over which he General and Stake Relief Society officers OREGON unvisit his . sustained. to had were postpone had no control, and Grant Sister myselt Yixal solo, I'Daughteis of .Zion," by-- j til next spiing. have visited four branches since we met in Lula B. Parkinson. Sister Grant said: Franklin last Thursday, and we expect to always have to continue after conference until we have depend on the. Lord when we speak." She liad enjoyed the singing. .Encouraged the held meetings with all." vSister Grant said: "It is not good to talk mothers to teach their children to sing and of our weaknesses, it gives the adversary told of Apostle Heber J. Grant's persever-She had lived in to see the auce in learning to sing, Daily Trains Each Way between power over us. . She was pleased of and time. Smith the blessed .in felt the Prophet Joseph priesthood with us. Had vJUIl H.'IW, VIIJ Uliu yyuvn. tlreTtiine to with forward looked so met had so many pleasure Stake far, this . visiting she would meet him again and be mission good brothers and sisters. It is our Teach- I'vSien recognized by? him. Related some, instances to administer comfort, to. our sisters. ers should he faithful, so that when visiting of her early life in the Church. .Encouraged", tjie keeping of the tVord of Wisdom.' Spoke your tickets read via the they can stimulate others to faithfulness. We of and ten cent the Gave of children. fund. explained Spoke of the training are who an to those be" interesting outline of the plans, of the subject should always 44 placed over us. The Prophet Joseph Smith conjoint building, explained its objects and said that the duty of the Reliet Society how much it was needed by the daughters Bishop Johii Larsen, of Preston, was to save souls and; to encourage their of Zion. And Get the best husbands" in "the" performance of their duties, felt well in meeting with us, found the sis senii-annua- . n hx,l-- after law- of ..v . re-ma- rl - : l' - 1 " ' J v." , ' " 1 . o ring ,-- In-on.pr- val ' -- -dtodobv n -iV'- " ; h-- , h fi t- -i i d l:t nh-a- d . - , , Save Your -t - . -- t - " -- av-ir.e;- -5 U - -- i - own-onh-- r. " i thoir-a?uis- -- bel-ore- - , -5 ' , ; ..'... : in-t- he -- . SHORT j ""'-'W- e RAILROAD. - : PF j ., - j !: i See-th- at ; j SHORT LINE" I ; : . : ; K. THOMAS DRY GOODS GO. 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR JVEW STORE' and solicit your' patronage. - ; inuch as. possible- for you money. .' ' .: 'We aim to give you as ? ' TRY US ':, CITY fof tickets to all points, Second South Street, Salt take City, Wah TICKET OFFICE D. S. W. Eccles, Oen. Tie. M q r. L Btirley, G. P. &T A. ' 