WOMAN'S little grandson one year old. - This great shock so art'tcted her health that she never recovered, but grieved and mourned for her daughter up to the time of her own demise. She leaves a host of relatives and friends to mourn her loss. Sad are our hearts, dear sister, without you, but we feel eomforted when we think of the noble work left here on earth as a monument of honor and praise to your memo i y. Thou hast been true to the trust our Heavenly Father placed in thee. Thou hast never shirked a duty or complained of the hardness of thy lot. Thou hast set a grand example for thy family and friends to imitate, and we will think of thee henceforth as not in the dark tomb but rather dressed in thy heavenly robes, mingling with the good and just awaiting to receive those dear to thee as they are prepared and called home to the mansions of glory. This is lovingly dedicated to her husband and children by her sister, Delilah E. Allen Dcdley. R. S. REPORTS. ST. JOSEPH STAKE. The conference of the N. W. of St. Joseph Stake met in the Pima meetinghouse, Friday, May 17, 1901, at 10 a. m and 2 p. in., President Elizabeth Layton presiding. Present on the stand were Elder L- - John Nuttall and President Emma S. Woodruff, of Salt Lake City, who were visiting the organizations in eastern and southern Arizona; also the presiding priesthood of the Stake, as well as the Bishops of several semi-annu- R. S. wards. After the usual opening exercises roll of officers was called and minutes of December conference, 1900, was read and approved. President Layton said we were greatly blessed by having with us Elder Nuttall and President Woodruff. Sister Woodruff next addressed the conference. Said she fonnd the Saints here about as they are in the north. Spoke in to the the of conjoint house regard building in Salt Lake City. Urged the sisters to Advised subscribe for the Exponent. mothers to look after their children and train their daughters to do all kinds of work. Young ladies should attend the Relief Society meetings and acquaint themselves with the workings of the same. Relief Society officers should consult and work in harmony with their Bishops and Stake officers and with the Stake Presidency. The local organizations of the Stake, which numbers twelve, were reported by their respective presidents, with one .or two All of them are doing a good exceptions. work and are desirous of improving. Elder Nuttall said: "It gives me pleasure to visit again with you after an absence of a little over a year. I can see the advancement made by the sisters which is very gratifying, though the average The attendance is not what it should be. sisters do not realize the privileges and blessings of their membership in these organizations or they would certainly be more faithful in attending meetings. One of the great objects of this organization is that the members may train themselves and become acquainted with the scriptures, that they may be able to converse intelligently with the Elders on Church matters, and be qualified to teach the principles of the same to their children. In connection with the principles of the Gospel the sisters can exchange ideas about their household duties, thereby aiding each other. Felt to thank God that some of the branches were study EXPONENT- 7 - ing the articles of faith. If we work to that end we can make the meetings just what we want them to be. It is not only a duty but a great privilege to assist with our means in the carrying on of this work. Teachers should visit with prayerful hearts. Spoke of the storing of wheat. Hoped we would continue testing the methods of preserving wheat in this warm climate. It has been made known to prophets that a time of privation would come upon the world and it is no more than natural to suppose we will feel it. President Young said he knew the brethren would not store grain, but the sisters would and we could depend upon them. Conference adjourned until two p. m. by singing and prayer. Afternoon session met as per adjournment. Counselor Mary L. Ramsey was the first speaker. She was thankful for the visit of one of our brothers and sisters from Salt Lake City. Said their visit was If we get the spirit greatly appreciated. of the work it is a pleasure for us to perform our duty. Asked God to bless us all that we might be more diligent in performing the labors assigned to us as Relief Society members. Sister Woodruff thought the organization was greatly blessed in having the Stake authorities sustain them by their Counseled mothers to teach presence. their children to pray as soon as they are able to lisp a word; also to pay tithing. Control your children while young and you will seldom have trouble with them when thev grow older. Said it made no difference to what position we are called so long as we are working for the kingdom of God. Statistical and financial report of the Stake was read by the secretary, Selina Phillips. President Layton made an illustration of the sisters loaning wheat and urged them to heed the counsel given by those in authority in this regard. The secretary presented the names of the Stake and local officers, the names of Eliza Nebeker and Virginia Major were added to the list of the Stake aids, all being unanimously sustained in their respective positions. President Andrew Kimball advised the Stake officers to meet with each ward once a month. Was pleased with the financial status of the Relief Society, but .there was a falling away of the average attendance which he was sorry to see. Discouraged the storing of wheat in grist mills, but rather, he said, build granaries of your own for this purpose. ' 'It is the way we go to work whether our labor becomes a pleasure or a task. It is the duty officers to of respect the priesthood at all times, to counsel and advise with them in all matters pertaining to the organization. Elder Nuttall hoped we would remember the points suggested by Sister Woodruff and Gave some excellent President Kimball. advice on the wiping out of iniquity, etc., said the sisters should uphold and sustain This life is given the suffrage movement. us that we may prepare for the future. We have no right to judge the actions of our This is God's work brothers and sisters. it is also ours. "May he bless you that you may feel His power and influence in the name of Jesus Christ, amen." President Layton was gratified with the instructions given. Hoped all associa tions would take to themselves that part which is best adapted to them. Conference adjourned for six months. MRS. F. S. RICHARDS. Mrs. F. S. Richards, who went to MinnW. S. A. Coneapolis to attend the N-- vention held in that city the week beginning May 30, 1 90 1, has returned home in excellent health and spirits. She enjoyed meeting with Miss Susan B. Anthony, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery and other prominent suffrage women, whom she had previously known. Mrs. Richard's report of the work in Utah was very well received, in fact by some of the ladies her report was said to surpass that of other states. Mrs. Richards was complimented by being placed on committees and was among the honored guests at all the receptions, excursicns and entertainments planned for the distinguished visitors. Miss Anthony and the other celebrated ladies who were expected to be Mrs. Richards guests when returning from the Yellowstone, will not come this way home, which is a great disappointment. E. B. W. . DOMESTIC LIFE AND THE PROFESSIONS. Woman's special work and mission is a Indeed it has been one theme. of the greatest problems of this generation; and how well the 19th century has learned its lesson is evidenced by the great army of women we now find marching up the hill of And the ranks are being conprogress. swollen by noble women who are stantly to give their lives for the ameliorwilling ation of the woes of humanity as suffragists, temperance workers and reformers, doctors of divinity and medicine, lawyers, legislators, State Senators, journalists, school superintendents and teachers. It is now a well established fact that these and to many other vocations are well suited ' woman's capacity. But the question now propounded by sociologists is, "How does the present status effect women as Some still maintain that home is her sphere; and that she should never pass beyond its sacred shrine; that women are totally unfit for professional or public duties, unless it be spinsters, or childless married women. As there are so many phases of life to be considered, is it not possible for us to strike a happy medium by classifying woman's work, and considering individual circumstances and capabilities. I doubt if any true woman will gainsay that "home is her heaven," that her highest and grandest sphere is that of wifehood and But is there not something motherhood. Does not the very fact more she can do ? of her being wife and mother constitute one of her highest recommendations as a proThis woman in whom fessional woman ? the the wifely devotion, motherly in nature her all that is fostered has love, true and tender, all that is grand and Those higher attributes that instinctively yearn over the welfare of humanity, and exist from the very fact of her having been a wife and mother. Emerson says: "A fair test and measure of civilization is the influence of good The woman's cause is man's; women. well-wor- n home-makers- ?" . ex-alt:n- g. 