WOMAN'S EXPONKNTV ioS, heart and to have a house or our owb. Consider what the Savior thought of the widow's mite and do not hesitate to give". If the means is small, "where there's a will there's a wayV'and we should ptrsevei;eand feel that when we come to Salt Lake there's a building of our own to come to, that should stimulate us to new energy. f. I am thankful that we are to wait till we get $20,000 before we commence bu;ldingi I have confidence our sisters will best." ,The speaker referred to the meeting-house being built in Alpine Stake, which the sisters were helpingvith. They Oiad helped, to build the Provo Tabernacle and spoke of the many calls and obligations, but all a part of the grand work. Her re- . marks were excellent President Jane S. Richards felt the remarks were just what was needed, and was glad we had theland to build a house on. and if we ever get a house the departed will visit us, Sister Eliza and Brother Brigliam Young and others. What a" satisfaction when we go to the brethren and get r .. -c t r i. a worui ui uave lauoreui ilong cumiuri. twe and have done for all in need, both saint and sinner, rich and poor and every, living thing; and angels will visit us, and what a consolation it will be to have a building for - the mothers of Israel, and then after the storms and so on, we could perhaps have a conference in midsummer, about the middle of June. We have tried two or three times and have not yet succeeded." Sister Rich: ards made further explanations in reference to the proposed conference in June of this year. Counselor X. M. Hart, Bear Lake Stake, said they had very few poof, but whenever there is a case of sickness and distress all are ready to respond and do all in their power to alleviate sorrow or suffering. xOur We have sisters are liberal in giving. about one hundred dollars to appropriate.to the Woman's Building. There were questions by Sister Hart, which were satisfac' torily answered by President Richards. ' President B. W. Smith spoke a few words about the house, ex plained the arrangement of the basement, kitchens pantries, dining rooms or banqueting hall cooking utensilVelc. She thought every woman who couH should give a dollar, the sisters would never feel it. Sister Smith wanted the house to be completed by her birthday in May 1902, so we could celebrate her8oth anniversary there. President Susan Grant spoke upon union and love and diligence iti attending ings and in all things, and seeking for the Holy Spirit, bore a good testimony of Joseph the Prophet. The secretary Sister E. B. Wells, ex- i- -i . the ten cent fund and the annual dues and some other practical matters, and spoke of the magnitude of the Relief Society, its marvelous growth and called it the best "woman's organization in the world. Sister Clarissa S. Williams, the Building Fund treasurer, bore her testimony and made some excellent . remarks, said she ap- predated and enjoyed the work of the Relief Society. . - Dr. Romania B. Pratt rejoiced in the grand work we were doing, appreciated its benefits, to the world. : Said it had been one of our ambitions to build this hmisc nnw talked of, thought; it would not take long money would be sure to come in, we could soon get what we needed. "Sister Smith 4 The sisters of the Relief Society feel it a great loss, for she was an ,h6nest, energetic, faithful president and it will be hard to rill her place. The funeral services were held at the West Ward wants the" house finished next year so we can celebrate her birthday .there, and it will be sixty years since" the Relief Society was organized. "I, believe it can be done if we will all have faith and - persevere in .our meeting house, Monday, April 29, 1901. hfe house was beautifully, decorated in white with putted flowers fora background. The iloral tributes were many an'd beautiful. The sjeakers were Brothers C. R. Jones, Argyle, Sr., Patriarchs Edward Powcl ami Tole-maPresident Hyrum Grant, and Bishop L. Grant. They all sj)ke hjghly of our beloved sister and president and encouraged' her children to fob low in her footsteps, be faithful and true to their covenantsand they would meet their mother again ; , efforts. Preside Ann C. Woodbury, St. George Stake,, told us of the South and that the early fruit had all been killed for this year. Made powerful remarks in regard to teaching our children and the consequences of neglecting their moral and spiritual education, we have good institutions for our chil- dren. President Richards ence until some time given later. Singing, Benediction by Sister T n, JosfcTiiiNE C. Wood, Sec. adjourned the conferin June, notice to be "The Spirit of God." PIONEER WOMAN. Sister Ann Van Wagoner Ncbeker was born in 2S, 1S17, Vompton, New Jersey, March She lived in Vompton twenty ' years, then moved to Bergen, N. I., where she was married to John Havens and had hree children. While there she was converted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and was baptized March 13, 1844. In 184s she went to Nauvoo and shortly after her husband died. In 1540 she left Bergen for Utah. On the way she was married to Henry Nebeker and came the remainder of fhe journev vith him, arriving in Salt Lake City in the a ,'umn of 1S47. In 1S57 they moved to Payson, where- she has lived most of the time.Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has called from our midst our dear sister, Ann Van Wagoner K. B. Wells. Er B. Wklls, General Secretary; . A . ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION, On the 3th of March, at2 pm., the people of Syracuse met in the ward meeting house and held their annual meeting in commemoration of the first Relief Society organized, president M. A. Walker piesiding. After The choir sang the opening hymn. invocation by Brother Joseph Bodily, President M. A. .Walker made appropriate remarks concerning. Relief Society work. The program was very interesting, consisting of speeches, songs, recitations and readings. The singing was inspiring and sweet. Bishop Cook spoke appropriately on the work of ihe Relief Society After the program the time was occupied by brethren and sisters who desired to speak, and the meeting was characterized throughout by that congenial and blessed spirit that draws souls together in a feeling of oneness and love. One of our number, however, was greatly missed, our aged and beloved sister, Nancy S. Kerr who departed this life on Saturday, March 16, rat the age of eighty-eighyears. The funeral' was held here on Sunday afternoon,, and on Monday the 18th she was taken to Ogden and services were held in the Third Ward meeting house, she having resided in that ward until she moved with her daughter and family to Syracuse three She was buried by the side ot years ago. her husband in the Ogdeu cemetery. Sister Kerr was personally acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith and was present when the first Relief Society was organized. v She has been a faithful member of the Church of Saints and has by Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y her affectionate, pleasant najture endeared herself to all who knew her. Maria Cook, Sec. 1 - Nel)eker,'and Whereas, We the members of the Relief Soci-- . ety have been called to mourn the loss of a faithful member, a patient, loving and Saint, woman, a firm friend and a true Latter-da- y self-sacrifici- therefore be it, Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family who mourn her loss. a copy of these resolutions be AYWztvp-Tb- at family, one published in the presented Womin's Exponent and one placed on the record of the Relief Society. to-"ih- e' Eliza Alispach, ? Sec. ANNIE CHRISTINA ZUN'DfcL " Sister Annie Christina Zundel was born Juiy-r- r, IJenburg, liessen, ibu, at Kcioach, Uberent, n.Trmf-.'iflKhf was thp d.nifhtfT of Hprmani' t(I John and Margaret Latenshlager. i J Sheyme . t rr in cnca aooui me year 1030, ioceu in vania, was married to John Zundel in 1S31, cm-- , braced the Gospel in the year 1840, and was bap tized in Nauvoo. She also received her endowments there, she, with her husband being so privileged, to. be one of the first eight couples chosen to haver their endowments in the Nauvoo 0 t 1 t 1 Temple. She was a benevolent woman who loved to give to those that were in need. She left 'Nauvoo with She the Saints at the time of the expulsion. traveled with the Saints and shared in their ierse- cutfons. Soon after leaving Nauvoo her health failed. . During-h- cr travels she laid four of her young children to rest, some of them by the roadside. In 1850 she and her husband gave their property, consisting of one wagon, two yoke of cattle and some monev for the emigration, and they stayed and worked for another team; She came to Utah in 1&52, her husband, was sick . the entire journey. They came to.Salt Lake City in September and he passed behind the veil in November, leaving her with a family of eight childreri, the eldest being eighteen years of age , ajid the youngest six months. She came to Payson at the time of the move m IN MEMORIAM. r 1858, where she has lived since; She always loyed She ,to converse on the principles of the Gospel.PASSED TO THE GREAT KEYON'I). our of was ever true and faithful to the gospel rest. i?he Mrs. Annie Barlow, the wife xf Patriarch Israel Lord and Savior, and is now gone to Barlow of Wood's Cross, died April 26, tooi, of passed away on the 7th of February, 1901, being jaundice and liver trouble, after an illness of many 89 years, 6 months and 7 days old. weeks She was born in England August 8 1843 s .... ... RESOLUTION OF RESPECT. wa-and baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, while in her teens, and came to J Resolved, That we cherish her memory and the valley of the mountains, shortly afterrossin that a copy of these resolutions be placed on our : the plains in wagons with ox learns, and passed record and one sent to the Woman's Exponent. through manv trials of early pioneer life. She became acquainted with Israel Barlow 'and for publication,- also" one sent to the family? they were married on April 26, 1863. ' She "Methinks I see the book opened, therefore died on the anniversary of her thirty-eight- h And an angel the. pages turn o'er, e wedding day. Till he comes to her name, when he pauses, She was a loving and faithful wife- and devoted "Sainted woman thou'lt sorrow no more. mother and leaves a- husband and ten children Thy life has been weighed in the balancefour sons and six daughters to mourn her departure'' Which tipped at the mark pure gold, all of whom are married but one daughter and two By thy name is recorded 'most worthy,' - , sons one son being on a mission at the time . of her Enter into the joys of the Lord." death. '. Eliza ALispAcuySec. -- , . . - . - : , - 1- - - , . ,. . 