WOMAN'S train passed, the inhabitants had been augmented by thousands from the surThe country schools rounding country. let the out, and the children the way, along President loved so well in life were there to see his dead body pass. The train slowed dowii at every station to allow the people lined up on either side to get a better d view of the casket. The population of the little towns along the way, like Holland, Arcade, Machiaus Junction, Franklinville and Hinsdale had tripled and The towns seemed suddenly quadrupled. to grow into cities. As the train slowed mourners the behind the curtained up, windows of the train could hear the tolling of the bells. Olean was reached at 10:29 o'clock. There were three thousand people at the Pennsylvania station as the train came to a flag-covere- stop. The ody of President McKinley lay in I state at the White House in the famous East room, the Guard of Honor who watched by the dead, members of the Loyal Legion and the G. A. R., silently changAt the head of the ing every two hours. casket an artillery man and sailor; at the foot a cavalryman and a marine. The following day funeral services were held at the Capitol Building. The casket was borne into the Rotunda to the strains of "Lead Kindly Light," while every one stood in reverence. The Invocation was Dr. given by Henry R. Naylor, of the M. E. Church, then the choir Washington "Sometime We'll Understand." sang When the echoes of the hymn died away, Bishop Edward Andrews, of the M. E. Church, who had come from Ohio to say friend and the last words over his parishioner, made a most eloquent and feeling address in a sympathetic voice, thrilling with emotion. It was a magnificent tribute to the great statesman and chief magistrate of the nation. The address occupied fifteen minutes, when everyone in the vast Rotunda ro.se and hundreds of voices joined with the choir in singing, "Nearer My God to Thee. ' ' In the midst of the singing Admiral Robley D. Evans silently advanced and placed a blue floral cross at the foot of the casket. Dr. W. H. Chapman, of the Metropolitan Church, proThe lid of the nounced the benediction. casket was"removed from the face and the people were allowed to view the President; coming in at the east door and going out at the west. No one was allowed more than a hurried glance, they passed on both sides of the casket. The President's remains were afterwards taken by train to his old home in Canton, Ohio. The funeral cortege was honored in every city and town upon the way, it is estimated that from Lhe time the funeral train entered Pittsburg until it crossed the Alleghany line, the crowd was not less than 250,000 people. Salutes were fired from Mount Washington and the church bells tolled. But the climax of the great demonstration was when the train reached The Canton. flags were and a big black with bordered heavily feet wide, lettered in white streamer, ten Nation's Dead," black, "We Mourn Our The church hung across the main street. bells were tolling. Although the clouds had been lowering all day, the bright sunshine greeted the entry into Canion, the people literally overflowed the streets. The life-lon- g hdlf-maste- d ; j EXPONENT 39 President's body was first taken to the court house and viewed by the masses of the peoplebut afterwards brought to his own home and deposited in his library, It is stated there were tons and tons of flowers; and the collection was probably the most beautiful ever seen in the United States, from the four quarters of the earth came the directions to adorn the bier of President McKinley with flowers whose fragrance might be symbolical of the sweetness and purity of his life. These tributes were from themonarchs of Europe, rulers of South America, Governors of British Colonies in Australia and Canada, and the Emperor of Japan, and large numbers of flowers in elaborate designs from organizations, fraternal, commercial and It is said the tributes from forpolitical. lauds were buried beneath the floral eign of owu his offerings countrymen. The services in the Church at Canton vere very simple. Opened with an organ prelude, Beethoven's Funeral March, then a quartette of ladies sang, "The Beautiful Isle of Somewhere." The Hon. O. B. Milligan delivered the invocation, the 90th Psalm was read, and from the 15th chapter of Corinthians, between the 46th and 58th verses. The President's favorite hymn, "Lead Kindly Light," was sung by two male and two female voices, and Dr. C. E. Manchester, of the M. E. Church, made the address, which was exceedingly elowith poetic sentiquent, abounding loss the peoof the ment, expressive sustained in of had the country ple noble. The speaker the death of one so alluded to his last visit to Canton, and his last words as he left them. A short prayer was offered by Bishop I. W. Joyce and the hymn, "Nearer, My God, to Thee," was sung by the entire congregation, standing. Monsiegneur T. P. Thorne pronounced the benediction and the casket was borne from the Church to the funeral car, and the procession marched to the cemetery. ' 'The church-yar- d where his children rest, The quiet spot that suits him best, There shall his grave be made, And there his bones be laid. And there his countrymen shall come With memory proud, with pity dumb, And strangers far and near For many and many a year, For many a year and many an age, While history on her ample page The virtues shall enroll Of that paternal soul." TABERNACLE MEMORIAL SERVICES. Memorial services were held in the large Tabernacle, in this city, on Thursday, September 19, in honor of President Wm. McKinley, commencing at eleven a. m. In front of the organ was a large picture of the deceased, bordered with black and white crepe, with the stars and stripes for a background and underneath a bank of potted plants and palms, American flags President on either side of the stand. exerThe Angus M. Cannon presided. choir cises opened with the singing the hymn, "Farewell, all earthly honors." e Prayer was offered by Dr. James E. and the choir sang, "Thou dost not to weep alone." Chopin's Funeral weep March was played during the exercises, the strains of music from the great organ thrilling the audience with a solemn tenderness. Bishop O. F. Whitney delivered the Memorial Address, opening with a beauti Tal-mag- ful poetical sentiment, and eloquently portraying the life and character of the noble hero, who had been made the victim of the He alluded to the cowardly assassin. death of President Garfield twenty tragic years ago, and the nobility and patriotic heroism of the three martyred Presidents. It was a discourse full of sublime feeling, and in a voice and manner befitting the solemn occasion. For the closing hymn the choir sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee." and Apostle A.. H. Lund pronounced the benediction. OBITUARY. We are called upon to report the death of our beloved sister, Annie Peterson, who was suddenly taken from us by coming in contact with a street car, through which her poor body was dreadfully mangled. We much deplore the sad accident to so good and faithful a sister in the 13th ward Relief Society, one who was ever willing to make herself useful, also being a regular attendant at other meetings in the ward. Sister Peterson was born in Lofta Socken, Calmer, Sweden, September 21, 1849. Came to Utah July 29, 1880, was married to Eric John Peterson and left a widow about ten years ago, having two daughters who still survive her. and when quite girls always attended the 13th ward Sunday chool. This dear sister has now gone to rest with the The funeral was held in the 13th ward faithful, Assembly Hall, on Sunday, August 18, 1901, her death occuring on August 16. The service was well attended and many tokens of love and respect were paid to the departed. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, it has pleased our heavenly Father to remove our dear sister to a brighter sphere, therefore be it Resolved, That we mourn the loss of a faithful sister in the cause of truth, and desire to emulate her earnest labors. Resolved, That we tender our sympathy to the bereaved family, praying that the Holy Spirit may rest upon them, that they may realize that she has gone to rest with the faithful, and will come forth to a glorious immortality and eternal life. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the bereaved family, also one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Elizabeth H. Goddard. Sec. pro tern. ALPINE STAKE. Second quarterly conference of the Relief Society of the Alpine Stake of Zion, held at Pleasant Grove, July 26, 190 1. Meeting commenced at ten a. m., local President Sarah Foutz presiding. President Jane S. Richards, of the General Board, Sisters Emily S. Richards and Rebecca Standring were all on the stand, also Stephen L. Chipman and A. J. Evans, of the Stake presidency, and most of the local officers. Meeting opened by singing "O ye mountains high." Prayer by President S. L. Chipman. Singing, "Do what is right." President Chipman was pleased to meet with the sisters and recommended them to be united in the choice of a president for the Relief Society of this Stake. Felt that much good would be done today and God would be glorified. President Jane S. Richards spoke of the Said we good feeling in the singing. should appreciate our homes and our surroundings, the Lord has made them all for us. Thought the sisters were united and We want to feel as would work together. God's all are we children, and we though all. These societies to kind be should for we cannot be crowd out all ill feeling, members in this Church and not enjoy the 