WOMAN'S 62 In this crisis her grandmother, Lucy B. Young, whose generous financial assistance had maae it possible lor the girl to go in the first place, offered to go over and stay as long as was necessary. Sister Young went with the famous party cf women who attended the International Council cf Women in London, and here Lulu came from Germany to greet both her graudmother and her mother and cousin, D. H. Y. McAllister. The Council was a wonderful episode to all. After it was over Lulu and her mother and her grandmother went to Berlin and here Lulu- was scon established in the Royal Conservatory of Music. The girl always maintained that her voice was her forte and not tbe piano, and at last it was decided that she should center her studies upon the voice. Before leaving Utah President George 0. Cannon had given her a blessing m which he promised her that she should attain perfection in her art, and that her teachers should indeed think she was gilted of God. "How wonderfully that promise was fulfilled, no one can ttli so well as Lulu herself. She was shown every kindness and She was crowded ahead and attention. invited to join the King's own choir; and while with them she sang in the paiace before the Kaiser and all the assembled No attention was lacking, yet the court. felt the German method of teachthat girl was ruining her soft and vocal music ing So alter lastsweet ytt not heavy voice. and her prayer, ing grandmother and she decided that it would be best to leave the school and her kind teacher who had been so gracious to her. It was a trial, for her teacher never again acknowledged her. But she left.. By the leading of a kind Providence she was taken to the finest teacher in Berlin, Mme. Blanche Corelli, a daughter of Hermann, the Austrian predestigatuer, and a famous Austrian Court singer, Rosa Chiclloc. This teacher soon developed an ardent love for the girl, and devoted herself to her progress. Surely her blessing was fulfilled. Lulu and her teacher worked hard, so hard, but the reward was sweet. For God did add his blessing.' Lulu tells a dream which she had while avay, struggling, toiling, and knowing no pleasure, but work, work. Someday may be she will write it for the Exponent. What she would have done without her dear, w ise grandmother's help and presence no one can tell She has come home at the bidding of her And she parents as any good girl would. is now about to start out on a concert tour tor three months under the most famous manager on earth, Major J. B. Pond. But her mother goes with her and so does the counsel and blessing of President Joseph F. Smith with all others interested. She dees not go to win fame or money; yet she may have both. But all the luture as well as the past is with that kind Father who has sent her here to do a certain work as He has sent all of us. Dear sisters, she will need your faith and prayers and so will her anxious mother; will you give them without money , without p ice? A Friend - . ! Marie Correlli, the authoress, has itarttd a movement to organize Shakespeare clubs over the entire world. GRANITE STAKE. j J I EXPONENT. The sixth quarterly conference of the Relief Society of the Granite Stake of Zion was held at Big Cottonwood, Tuesday, November 12, 1901, President Emma S. Woodruff presiding. The choir and congregation sang "Praise to the man." The opening prayer was offered by President Emily W. Stevenson. Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." j I There were present of the General Relief Society. President Bathsheba W. Smith, Annie T. Hyde, her first Counselor, and Emmeline B. Wells, secretary, President M. Isabella Home, of the Salt Lake Stake, Sisters Mary Freeze and Helen W. Woodruff, of the Y. L. M. I. A. Board, Sister Margaret P. Young, Bishop S. A. Casto and Elder William Taylor. The secretary called the roll, showing all the Stake officers present and representatives from every ward except one. Minutes of morning session of previous conference read and approved. President Emma S. Woodruff kindly welcomed the sisters and brethien and felt blest to have so many of the leading sisters Called for verbal reports with us today. lrom the wards. President Sarah B. Gibson reported Sugar Ward; Counselor Mary Ellen Sper-ry- , Farmers Ward; President Petiina Jen-soForest Dale; President Mary B. Hamilton, Mill Cieek; Secretary Amelia King,- East Mill Creek; President Emily W. Stevenson, Big Cottonwood; President Mary Rawlins, South Cottonwood. Most of these sisters spoke of the increase of membership in their respective branches, their desire to store grain, aiding of the missionaries and the union tint existed among them. President M. Isabella Home: "My dear brothers and sisters, I am very happy his morning as I. feel that I am among my children' and that I am their mother. I know you have such a good president. I have known her for many years. I know her to be a steadfast and energetic woman. We are laying up treasures in heaven, for this is a charity work, clothing the naked, feeding the poor, comforting and caring for I am sorry there are not more the sick. identified in the Relief Society. The books are to be opened, and we are to be judged out of the books; also the tithing books, we should have our names enrolled therein. I am thankful today for the events that are I am thankful that 1 have transpiring. lived to see President Joseph F. Smith President of this Church. I feel that the times need such a vigorous character. Tomorrow will be his birthday, he will be sixty-thre- e She spoke of the years old." times the time of his birth, and at perilous the hardships and privations that his mother and the Saints had passed through. "And now," said she, "President Joseph F. Smith is at the head of the Church, where his uncle was." President Emma S. Woodruff said: "Sisters, we all feel that Sister Home is our n, - - 1 . - mother." the sisters, of the union among them. "That is what I like to hear," said Aunt Bathsheba, "and ihe putting away of is needed in jealousies and of these days." Spoke having felt somewhat worried when Piesident Snow passed away without having organized the Relief Society, soon after having a dream concerning the Relief Society aud seeing the Prophet Joseph watching over them.' This her and she felt that, the Prophet would look after the Relief Society. Refered to those words of the Prophet in regaid to the. power, influence and growth of the Relief Society. She urged the sisters' to be faithful and not go into bye and forbidden paths. President. Emma W. Woodruff:. "Sister Smith said that she was glad to hear that the sisters in the wards were so united. I want to say that the sisters of the Stake are also united and that I love the sisters of Granite Stake." "Sunshine in the Soul " was sung with feeling, by Miss Beatrice Crismon. Sister Helen Woodruff spoke of her visit with Sister Mary A; Freeze . to' Ihe Granite Stake academy. Of the beautiful spirit which prevailed in the school and Of among the teachers and students. the desire to take the counsel of their older sisters and her love to hear these dear sisters (Aunt Bathsheba and Sister Home) speak. Bishop S. A. Casto: "My dear sisters and brethren, I have been pleased to hear the reports, and especially to hear Sisters Smith and Home. I feel that they- are our I like to be with them and feel mothers. their spirit I pray the Lord to bless you ' ' all. Amen." Sister Mary Freeze said that she had a desire to speak and testify of the recent the Relief Society organization of and Sister Bathsheba's dream. to the remarks of President Woodruff, "that the eyes of the Prophet were over his people," and. the words of President Franklin D. Richards to the sisters, "How thankful they ought to be that they could be brought out from the worries' and anxieties of homes into these meetings to partake of these heavenly influences.'' Sister Elizabeth Boise: "I desire to honor and fear God. Without His blessFelt pleased ings we could do nothing." to see the rising generation go forth and gain a knowledge of the Gospel. Realized that the Spirit of God was in our midst to" day. President Emma S. Woodruff: "Sistere, we wish to dismiss on time. I feel grateful to the sisters for coming out to visit us. This is their first mission out since their organization, and I think we ought to remember and appreciate it. Sister Crismon's song so charmed me. She could not have sung anything to suit me better.". President Emily W. Stevenson announced that they had provided dinner for all present. After singing, "Guide us, O Thou great Jehovah," conference adjourned until two fault-findin- g sati-sfie- - - : - eferred . p. m. President Bathsheba W. Smith: "I am Afternoon session, President Emma.S. pleased to meet the sisters here, also the Woodruff presiding. Opened with singing, brethren. I am always glad to see them." "For the of the hills." strength Prayer Spoke, of having been through the good by President Mary Rawlins. Singing, times and the bad, of the army when she "Softly beams the sacred dawning." saw it coming upon the Saints. Felt Minutes of the afternoon conference of satisfied that they could- not put down August 13 read and approved. Moi monism. Referred to the reports of Murray Ward reported by Counselor - 