WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 44 IN MEMORIAM. Woman's Exponent PRESIDENT LORENZO SNOW. "It will only bt a sleep When with songs and dewy light Morning blossoms out of night He will open his bright eyes ' Neath the palms of Paradise Yet we foolish ones must weep." EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. semi-monthl- y, President Lorenzo Snow, prophet, seer and revelator 01 the Church of Jesus Christ dvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonparie A liberal one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. of Latter-da- y space Saints, passed from this life to regular advertisers. into the great beyond on Thursday, at ths Bee Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple October 10, 1901, 3:45 p. m., Hive House in this city, surrounded by a Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. large number of his family, his two Address all business communications tc counselors, Joseph F. Smith and Rudger Mrs. E. B. WELLS, and a number of the Quorum of. Salt Lake City, Utah Clawson, He had only been Twelve the Apostles. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Ltah, a a ill short time, in fact he preseriously second-clas- s matter. on a sided at meeting Wednesday morning the day before his decease, although he Salt Lake City, Utah, November, 1901. had been suffering from a severe cold and His cough for several days previous. death so unexpected was a severe shock to OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. all those who heard the sad tidings, and it To the Officers and Members of the Church seemed almost impossible to believe it had Saints: of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y actually taken place. On the Sabbath day, October 6, PresiThis certifies that at the regular meeting dent Snow preached to the assembled of the Council of the Apostles, held in the multitude and his voice rang cut as strong Salt Lake Temple, this 17th day of and clear as in his palmiest days; his form October, 1901, at which the following was erect and his eyes shone as bright as Apostles were present: Joseph F. Smith, ever, aud those who saw and heard him Brigham Young, John Henry Smith, could scarcely credit that in so short a time George Teasdale, John W. Taylor, Marrin- - he would pass from their sight into the er W. Merrill, Anthon H. Lund, Matthias great beyond, but so it is, and none know F. Cowley, Abraham O. Woodruff, Rudger the day nor the hour. Clawson and Reed Smoot, also Patriarch "Beyond life's toils and cares, John Smith. The following business was Its hopes and joys, its weariness and sorrow, Its sleepless nights, its days of smiles and tears, unanimously transacted: Will be a long sweet life, unmarked by years, set was and chosen Smith F. Joseph One bright, unending morrow apart as President of the Church of Jesus Saints. And John R. Beyond time's troubled stream, Christ of Latter-da- y the Beyond chilling waves of death's dark river, as Winder was sustained and set apart life's lowering clouds and fitful gleams, Beyond First and Anthon H. Lund was sustained Its dark realities and brighter dreams and set apart as Second Counselor in the A beautiful forever First Presidency of the Church. No aching hearts are there, President Joseph F. Smith was then No eyes, no form by sickness wasted, No cheek grown pale through penury or care, for the Church sustained as Trustee No spirits crushed beneath the woes they bear, Saints. of Jesus Christ of Latter-daNo sighs for bliss untasted. President Joseph F. Smith was also Ear hath not heard the song sustained as President of the Salt Lake Of praise within that shining portal; rapturous Temple, with John R. Winder as his No heart of man hath dreamed what joys belong assistant. l o mat redeemed ana nappy throng, All glorious and immortal." Elder Brigham Young was sustained and set apart as President of the Quorum of the It does seem wrong to mourn for one Twelve Apostles. who has lived so long and to such noble And it was decided to hold a special purpose, who has gone to join those whom general conference of the Church for the nt lovea nere on earth, wives, children, And yet it parents, brothers and sisters. purpose of voting upon these several acbecause to is in conference be held natural Salt said who tions, they go are missed in their accustomed places, and those Lake City, on Sunday, the 10th of Novemwhom they held dear are lonely. ber next. George F. Gibbs, Secretary. "Death hath made no breach nt " ! ! tear-dimm- in-Tru- st y blood-washe- d Officers and Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattet day Saints: '10 the -- Dear Brethren and Sisters Agreeable with the decision of the Council of Apostles st their regular meeting today, as set forth in the above official announcement, we hereby call a general conference of the Saints Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y to be held in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, on Sunday, the 10th of November, next, at 10 o'clock a m., for the purpose of voting upon the above proceedings. Joseph F. Smith, John R. Winder, Anthon H. Lund. . In love and sympathy, in hope and trust, No outward sign or sound our ears can reach: But there's an inward spiritual speech That greets us still, though mortal tongues be oust. President Snow was indeed a very remarkable man, and his long life and eventful career emphasized those characteristics which were so conspicuous in his later manhood. He was a man of very great energy and business .enterprise. In his eirly life he had been ambitious for knowledge and determined to obtain a classical education. And yet he had in his veins the revolutionary blood which made him ardently patriotic with a desire to serve the country he loved in a military capacity, and he received a commission, first as ensign and afterwards lieutenant in the Ohio State militia. When twenty-on- e he entered Oberlin College and expecting to make a mark in a literary course including languages, for which he had a decided taste. Lorenzo Snow was of the New Rnalanri his forefathers bavin oPuritan narentafp. x 0 arrived at an early date in the settlement of the colonies, and he inherited the religious fervor that characterized his ancestors. He was born in Mantua, Portage Co., Ohio. -Aoril w7..r 181-1- . ' the Snow' familv -j from west moved Massachusetts having His only a snort time oeiore nis Dirtn. R. received the Eliza Snow, sister, Gospel first, and it was from her he first heard of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and became interested in the Gospel and was baptized and ordained an Elder and began preaching among his relatives and friends in Ohio, many ot whom he converted to the faith in which he so earnestly believed and to which he eventually consecrated his whole lifeIn 1838 he went with his family and parents from Kirtland to Missouri, but was on a mission in Kentucky wheti the Mormon people were driven from there to He joined them in Nauvoo in Illinois. May, 1840 and the same month left for a While in England he European mission. was made one of the Presidency of the mission, and had the honor and privilege of presenting the Book of Mormon to Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort, through the courtesy of Sir Henry Wheatly. After his return to Nauvoo he taught school as an occupation, and when the Nauvoo Legion was oiganized was made a Captain. When the Saints left Nauvoo in February, 1846, he was one among the number of exiles, but after reaching Mt. Pisgah in the spring remained over until the spring of 1847, and crossed the plains the following year, 1848, Captain of a hundred wagons in Brigham Young's company to Salt Lake. February 12, 1849. he was ordained an Apostle, and became a member of the Quorum of the Twelve. In October of that year he was appointed to open up a mission in Italy and the adjoining countries; with three other Elders assisting, organized a mission in Italy, in November, 1850. The first converts were Waldenses. and the work spread into Switzerland. At this time he translated the Book of Mormon and some pamphlets into Italian. He then started for India, but on account of an accident to the ship at Malta he was disappointed in visiti g the Orient and returned home. The fall after he was appointed by the Church authorities to locate" fifty fami-- j ies within what is now Box Elder County. He at once proceeded to lay out a city, and called it Brigham and he was very soon after made President of that Stake of Zion. When the County was organized he was a member of the Council of the Territorial Assembly of Utah, and continued in the Legislature for thirty years, during that time he was twelve years President of the - j- - I - Council. In 1864 he was called on a special mission to the Sandwich Islands, and when trying to land at Lahaina, March 31, the boat capsized in a terrible storm and President Snow was taken out of the water 