WOMAN'S EXPONENT. commandments. Referred to the privileges of the young people, thought it seemed as if peace were being taken from the earth. The trials of the Saints prepare them to bear greater ones. Felt that no people were so blessed as we are, we have everything to encourage us to faithfulness and diligence. President B. W. Smith felt the loss of Sister Zina, thought we should appreciate President Home and listen to her counsel. "It will only be a few days till we pass on, so be happy, do not worry about our food or clothing." Alluded to the pleasure of Said she had worked in the work. lemple Temple in Nauvoo, had received her endowments there when the Prophet Joseph was living. President S. J. Cannon said, "We must each do our work; we should meet together and get instruction to do the work in our own wards and our homes. There are 30,000 women in our society and much Felt good can be accomplished by them. it was very necessary to instruct our boys for missionary labors. The choir and quartette sang "Softly beams the sacred dawing." Julia S. Woolley spoke a few moments on an increase of faith. President Horne instructed the presidents to look after their as winter poor, was now approaching. Be wise and not make paupers of our poor. Urged the sisters to interest themselves in Temple work said she had also worked in the Nauvoo Temple. Felt the Lord always blesses us in our labors. Our faith should be increased in healing the sick. Conference adjourned till December. Singing, Doxology. Benediction bv Elder C J. Thomas. needed in each home. Spoke further in an interesting way on many important subjects. Singing, "Our God, we raise to Thee." Benediction by Elder E. M. Allred. Afternoon session, President Lindsay presiding. Hymn, "High on the mountain top appearing." Prayer by Bishop Philemon Lindsay. Hymn, "Redeemer of Israel." 35 granted us the privilege of being organized. Those who are faithful members of the society are in advance of those who are not thus identified. We are in the chambers of the mountains, God has brought us. There are beautiful cities, fields and gardens, where a short time since it was a wild desert place; and yet some of us have not time to attend to our duties, but are using too much time in seeking the wealth of the world. Spoke on the necessity of prayer, the Sabbath day holy and obeying keeping the law of tithing. Sister Stevenson felt it no small task to address a congregation of Latter-da- y Saints. Women should be educated Husbands encourage your wives to attend our conferences, even if you have a cold lunch on that How can your wives be companionday. able for you, if they have no opportunities for obtaining knowledge, and where is a better place than at our Relief Society meetings. Spoke on woman's noble mission and the great good she can accomplish if guided by the Holy Spirit. Counselor Ma Bagley knew the only way to future greatness is to be obedient to the counsels given by those who are directed by the Spirit of God. Esteemed it a be of the Relief to a member great privilege Testified instructions the that Society, conference had been to our us given during words of inspiration. Sister M. I Horne spoke a short time on the rights and privileges of the sisters as given us by the Prophet Joseph when we were first organized, and said the rights have not always been properly understood by the brethren. President Wm. Budge made a few closing remarks, and it was then moved and seconded that Sister Louisa Fuller ba sustained as corresponding secretary of the Relief Society of Bear Lake Stake. The choir sang an anthem. Benediction by Bishop Clark. N. H. Allred, Sec. A number more verbal reports were given. President Lindsay expressed the pleasure she felt in having with us the sisters from Salt Lake City. The instructions received from Sister Horne in her previous visits to our conferences had been a great benefit to her in her labors. Sister M. I. Horne said she noticed a marked improvement in Ovid since her visit a few years since. The new meeting house erected, although not elaborate, is neat and comfortable. These organizations were effected that woman may prepare herself as well as man for the other life. That we may learn the plan of salvation, as well as to look after the poor and sick. We are more greatly blessed than all other dispensations. "We have no history of the Father and Son appearing to any other prophet. The great work that the Prophet Joseph was to perform was told him by the Savior. We have the benefit of direct revelation recorded in the Docttinc These instructions were and Covenants. We are comfortgiven for our guidance. ably settled in our peaceful homes and should not forget our obligations. Some are becoming careless about storing grain. Our records as well as those of the brethren should be properly kept. Urged the sisters to make an effort to assist in erecting J. S. Wolley, Sec. the Woman's Building in Salt Lake City. Hoped the sisters would patronize the ExBEAR LAKE STAKE. It is very essential for our girls ponent. be to educated, for fhey are to bear the The annual conference of the Relief men. Asked the blessings of God of souls Society of Bear Lake Stake, convened in all. the Ovid meeting house, July 27, 1901, at upon Sister Stevenson admonished the sisters 10 a. m. Present on the stand were OUR BELOVED MOTHER. be good housekeepers, a house of order to President J. S. Lindsay, Counselor L. M. ZINA D H. YOUNG. Hart and Mary Bagley; Sisters M. I. is a fit place for the Spirit of God. It is a Sleep, belov'd mother, sleep, Horne and E. J. Stevenson, of the General part of our religion to learn to keep a home Rest thee a little while; is no Board of the Relief Society, and a number in order. Poverty disgrace, although Then mount to the eternal skies. of the presidents of the different branches very inconvenient, but we can, even in the And ope thine eyes in glad surprise; And read on banners waving high, midst of this have orderly homes, have our of the Relief Society in Bear Lake, J. P. "Behold the just shall never die." at retire meals and hours, early regular Lindsay presiding. wis-dorise early that we may be blessed with Thy life was beautiful, Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere dewith noble deeds, of Replete interan very interestingly Spoke sire." Prayer, Elder John Bagley. Singshall thy welcome be, royal Right ing, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers." view she had with one of the Book of MorLo, all the harps are strung for thee And marshalled is the heav'nly choir, Roll called, minutes of previous conference mon witnesses. Whose strains the very Gods inspire. President Lindsay had rejoiced greatlj' in read and approved. Thou wert exalted here, President Lindsay expressed her gratifilistening to the words of counsel given. Of women the elect; cation for the privilege of meeting together Hoped that all would awaken to a sense of But yonder there awaits for thee, in so pleasant a room, but felt somewhat their duty, and that the young sisters would A crown for thy fidelity, attend the Relief Society meetings. The A place upon our Lord's right hand, disappointed at the small attendance. A joy we cannot understand. A number of the branches were reported time is short for us to labor, it rests with us whether we are true to our religion. by the presidents. We miss thy cheering words, Sister Stevenson addressed the conference. In blessing on our heads, Hymn, "Praise to the man who comElder with muned on the charity, Jehovah." at Benediction, Thy magnanimity Spoke some length Thy marv'lous gift of prophecy, E. M. Allred. of the Relief Society work. Much more And sacred tongues, thy faith sublime, The Relief Society conference again conwould have been accomplished had all Thy perfect trust, all these were thine. After the been as interested as some have been. The vened on Sunday at 2 p. m. And yet, we cannot mourn, Prophet Joseph said every virtuous woman usual opening exercises an address by We so rejoice in thee; President Lorenzo Snow, given at Saltair, in the Church should have her name enBut we will strive by his good grace, rolled in the Relief Society. We may gain July q, to the ladies, officers and members Again to see thy saintly face, To tread the path which thou hast irod, much valuable experience, and we are told of the Relief Society, was read by CounselYea, even to the throne of God. we learn nothing truly but that which we or L. M. Hart. Ruth M. Fox. President M. I. Horne said it is very The mission of the learn by experience. teachers of the Relief Society is a very imgratifying to see the good attendance. Defor God Mrs. French, of Helena, Montana, is a sired to say that which would be most beneseek should one. portant They His Spirit, for the spirit of discernment ficial to all. The Lord knew the desire Chief Deputy Collector of international that they may say that which is most His daughters had to serve him and has Revenue. never-failin- g 