105 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S tl ir?. :.So Thr' vgb fierce wire's accept it and said when he wanted a diswavs, desert Thruugh rough His death on he would ask for it. charge long nights whetse dreary darkness, Through IIFAVLINCS 1.. M. tfie battlefield occurred May 5, 1S62. Reaches o'er the days: from He brings them Home at last, far dyinj;. Sb, away Here is niy home far, Another son, Louis Edwin, was also in, from every stormy blast !" of Safe the blest,. almansion in the city same the Civil the war at tinie7aiidwas was sitfnn For which long years my weary heart K. 15. W. He died in so made Lieutenant Colonel. 'Mnrworldly ways of toil and cares opprest brought ; Netf York City in 1S99, and is buried at Where joys were brief, and Col. L.E. Hardwick beside his father. pining, unrest. of earth-lifa dream deep made That A TRIBUTE TO MRS. AVERY". Orantrt r came to Utah in iS6q. and while here married Miriam Decker, daughter of tnllhis fair home thro' all its pleasant lxrders, Mrs. JJ 'Rachel Foster A to tribute sin. for No place is' found Charles and ViJate Young Decker, and dread marauders who has announced her those and disease pain, Avery, Sickness, President Young. Brigham granddaughter.to ! at the couiinir National Suffrage they cannot enter in. Are of offsorinr that His two marriage, lovs. morrow, secre- for wait o coming watchers the from j corresponding No wearv Convention w are living here, and. . were .with their .grand- r No night is here, and all is peace ithin. is receiving many expressions, ui .1 taryship, 01 ume me Mrs. mother, Hewlings, during Mrs. iv. w. wu- affection and good-will- . No graves are here no loving ties are severed, her recent illness and deatn. tears are wici No mourners weep,-alcock writes of her: Mrs. Hewlings children were all dead. No dreaded monarch, mighty king of terrors, O'er this fair clime can ever hold his sway. forcibly express the Her eldest daughter died soon after the war, v s o valley gioooi' j'""v her vomurest son died at. six years of age, esteem iii which she is hekHhan the words No emblems sad, of parting. tr decay, y during the war., another son hod died when of one who has been actively engaged with Thro the Red sea of trial holding ever, a bale and One daughter remained who her in suffrage work for many years: "She I passed with tearful eyes, hand His loving came to Utah in 187-2- . and taught school is the loveliest character tnai 1 cvci A Into the radiance of bliss forever. v xvhh Ti4 MarvJK. Cook in the Social Hall. . . v knew." Into a. glorious nome 01 ui am all bonds those of riven. a SHp will be. remembered by many Mrs. Avery is not only suffragist, but a Renewed, redeemed, torturing in rest heaven. A home of endless loritVirnnkt humanitarian and reformer, teachers, pupils and friends associated with Miss Cook in those days. She married and in the full sense of tjiese words; in fact she lived in the East afterwards; where she is everything that tends to mate tne worm LUCY M. HEWLINGS. She possesses rare executive abilidied July 29, 1880, leaving two boys. better. "So 'He giveth His beloved sleep." for humanity she Sometime after the war, in the early ty and in her enthusiasm ...... . I i mar- - has used. both her abilities ana private iu,Col. of widow the Granger Seventies, in this' died Mrs. L. M. Hewlings, who tune most liberally. . . Mrs. Avery was nVd the Rev. Georee R. Hewlings, an remarkable a was very of city, April 23. 1901, a man of fine family, his corresponding secretary of the committee of minister, in her schooldays even English giving early woman; n mem her of the British Parliament, arrangements for the World's Congress and work in fithpr . . . of talent literary great promise educated at Cambridge Representative Women, tne wauuiwi and was a charming companion and ardent who had beer, and graduated first in International Council of Women Knedand. associates. of her friend which young Association,-alyoL. D., afterwards choosing the National Suffrage L: Worcester Petersham. in law, born was qip held such successful meetings 11 Chicago for which t.e prepared nimseii, tninicrrv descended-was and Dec. L 1817, 3, Co., Mass., Fair. - SI was ; also World's instead the but to out thJnVincr to India, during ro r irom the old Puritan stock ana possessed secretary of thfe National corresponding in Jncolnsliire ana suosequem-lfirst settled distinctive and t r u,AA in those 'sterling qualities 11 tr7dctiirtcrtnn inT and 01 tit died WOUJCUuuu wife Council his having in Yorkshire, characteristics which have marked the posMrs. Averys managemeni o iuc 1805. Mi MrpiV married he came, to America, i,;c artheir from New held in Englanders terity of old married Mrs. Lucy M. Tntprnational Council of Womfen, after cimrtlv or America. rival in in Washington in 1888, under the auspices of to came Utah, living and they Mrs. Hewlings, as she is best known Granger Association, was the National Suffrage six or the years. hVh for fiye I atx)ut Pitv " here, was married March 30, 1837, to Henry Q.tt ardent temper crowning effort of her executive gemu an was TipwlinfTS xfrc where Mass., of Hardwick, H. Granger, lrcm uuy-iu- i were her There repiesentatives some during for and years woman six ance seven they lived afterwards and where their teni- - different national organizations from on and' lectured fmreled children were born. When the civil war The expenses of this nations. had she distinct other subjects; and upon 01 14.000 u.c hmVp out her husband and two sons entered perance fine presence, and meeting made a grand total . and voire J reTicc husband viipn Her the service as volunteers. asbumcu uy tne risk ot financial being on the .in topic ...o .,11 cruited the 10th Massachusetts battery 01 remarkable Anthony and Mrs. Avery. was her quite memory made was times; captain. light artillery and fnr cpvpril vears wisued anua out uj co vni lmnt ronversaiiunaiisi. and y ana meruonoub conAfterwards lor gallant for newspapers written had and has re- her life she the secretaryship, duct he was promoted Colonel on the recomfrom; retire to verse. 1? Orant. Hancock - and machines, both in prose ana it only througb Miss nmuuuy a tained luwuuuvtvi v .ne nas She had been a great Bible stuaenr-anHe served with great distinction Miles. persuasions, in . -- ..a in thf National and intensely religious Li aim until October 27, 1864, when he was mortalii.v JNationai tne in years. was d great admirer of American S, A for twenty-only wounded at the battle of H?tcher's Run, het nature. She, oauu ot ana Sister Va., and died in the hospital at City Point. Sister Eliza R. Snow well ac- became xvhnni she ,TMv, His body was taken to Hardwick, Mass , here in the where he was given a public funeral, and a quainted during her sojourn the lecrates took part in the handsome monument has been erected to seventies, and she knew intimately in ' in Brooklyn Marv A. Livermore, lately held; his memory. The record of the Granger r 1' Tn meeting annual lso Tulia Ward Howe of ;, the General .oociei family, which is the same from which Sarah kj ' V Ada-V r. . fi; whw women -. ot tne ivevtJiHiiuu. and many others of the M. Kimball comes, says, "wheir Col. Dauchters Airs. familiar to the public. a to Granger was wounded he asked his men of very strong them work in lebalf ot tne N'aney gather around him that he might takeand of much seen had to character, and one who been active, and all the State has by the liand and bid them good-byprise on mc n- Un.ro mntributed appreaable look out for the Battery aftenhe was gone, the world and kept post ea f,'mp iti which she Uvea. and to get Lieut. Smith, who had been J - r- t amounts, Massacnuseiib icau UB montns four ro vears. Ri -new uuuawwuT4wr,-i- P' One i 700 wounded, off the field if possible." ... in nrocninner r old at the time 01, vv r lor yuuug .tnp. a "fund'' is Henry Cory don the eldest Son enlisted in faculties From the fund $300 She retained all her education. Oommnv B. nth Massachusetts Volunteers, her demise. a roUege ... . until it ntorpct m locf rprivin letters from her aavancea whuuui.iu.v-in tSfiT art A was made soon after first 7' to those and dictating of , battle the the vEast at in killed friends He was Lieutenant. on the buried and neld, about her what to reply until me Williamsburg, Va;, from this hie. ttono&red L McNeill of but his remains were afterwards taken to the or two before her departure by Mrs. John the --e His against protests National cemetery at Yorktown. ve and darkness, for commemal and decorat ..goThrough storms national flag Colonel, Bromwell Granger, speaks highly , fmmittee has been appoinltd Throtigh great waters deep, embraces. black of his courage and said he once procured his whose cloud the Through h v. society organised to honorable' discharge on account of his youth Hidden sunbeams keep:. ' I d Hplirate health: fearine he could not en it. So He brings His chosen there, , , prevent and fair safe Haven to refused the To the but boy dure the hardships AN IDEAL. " ! - . oft-time- -- s ' re-- e . . soul-destroyi- ng re-tirem- feared-nomore- . ! 1 . - , aa, l . rest-'-swe- et 4 . . f -- ... -.. t-- ' T y - -- -- M-- b-.- J .:aua .... fm-me- d 1 . . - u . jrn',n jr-,un- f.r e u W 5f r?nw . -- . e -- -- tx,i:o ' She -i-d- . j ! rrau APrStbeAe 