WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 6o Woman s Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. semi-monthl- y, Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. nt Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Entered at the Post second-clas-s Salt Lake City, Utah Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as matter. Salt Lake City, Utah, Christmas Number. CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS. This year has been one of thrilling events and must occasion some serious reflections, and now as it draws towards its close, and the Holiday time comes near, we cannot but take a retrospective view of the past, and recall what this first year of To the new century has brought about. in fill detail it would attempt giving imin here Utah many volumes; even portant things have taken place, and one may say, too, that much has been accomplished in many directions. This is the" time of the year when one wishes to look upon the bright side of things and take a cheerful view of the present, knowing that a kind Providence has vouchsafed many blessings to us who dwell here in these peaceful vales, as well as all mankind, and we should not be unmindful of each other, and our children ought to have a realizing sense of the gratitude they owe to their Heavenly Father for all His goodness, and that we are permitted to enjoy such a multiplicity of the good things of this life; and if there are those who are in sorrow or in want, they should be sought out and comforted and made happy, as far as human aid can reach in soothing their afflictions or grief. The golden rule is always a guide for the Saints to follow, to do to others as we would have them do unto us, will bring more true happiness than any other course of action. Christmas is generally given up almost wholly to the children, and they are the ones to receive all the benefits or gifts Santa Claus may or can bring. They dream of him for weeks beforehand, and long impatiently for the time to come. We look on and rejoice to see so much happiness; and yet some of us at least cannot help feeling that in this day and age many of the customs and practices observed are tending towards selfishness and extravagance. If we talk about it, it is not always acceptable, and the saying, "Times have changed," is alluded to, and "Do let the children enjoy themselves once a jear; there will be sober realities enough later on," and such like sayings. And so we join in the merriment of the little people, and let them believe in the Santa Claus myth often instead of letting them know the truth of the origin of the day, and what it means to the world in which we live. It is well, perhaps, that there is a time set apart, (call it by what name you will) in which people feel they should remember one another, or it may be the selfishness that has become so apparent in the latter times might get the upper hand of mankind altogether. And, theretore, one cannot help thinking Christmas and holiday week a blessing, even though some excesses or extravagances are indulged in, or some people go to extremes in one way or another. Parents are anxious to make the children happy, and the older children at least, should be iust as desirous of contributing to To be loving, the joy of the parents. obedient and grateful towards those who are older or in any way the benefactors, and especially to parents, is far more acceptable The gift of and happifying than gifts. love is the greatest of all ,' and where there is generous love, gifts are of comparatively Gentle words and little consequence. kindly acts, a smiling countenance and a desire to make others happy by sweetness and gracious manner, are far better in the young people than the choicest gifts without these beautiful manifestations of nobility of soul. Yet the world lauds those who can give of their wealth, and thinks little of those who have only kindness and heavenly charity to bestow. Yet we must not rail against the world or abuse the people, for, after all, it is a pretty gocd world. Long years ago one of the greatest and grandest of men wrote in an album this sentiment: "Notwithstanding all that is said about it, this is a grand old world." So let us make the best of it we can each of us, and help to create happiness and every other possible good, and be grateful for all blessings and benefits; and teach it to the children, everybody's children, as opportunity presents. Ingratitude is the sister and handmaid of pride; on the contrary gratitude is pleasing in the sight of God, and is akin to humility, which is a stranger to pride. When one is grateful it is in itself a compensation that is worth possessing; worth striving for it banishes selfishness. Do we appreciate as we should the blessings of our daily lives ? and above all are we grateful for all the benefits and gifts of God ? Do we teach these things as we should ? Are we not all It is to Him we lacking in this respect ? owe all hour we should devote to Every His service, not only on occasions, but consecrate all our lives, our talents to Him, and the work He has established for the redemption of the human race. Light has come into the world and the Saints who have seen and known of it should not be slow to spread the glad tidings of great joy revealed in this day and age of the world, and the children of the Latter-daSaints have double reason to rejoice and yet how few comparatively, think of these unmeasured blessings. A grand dinner and amusements are the order of the day at Christmas time, all good in their place when sweetened with gratitude. The family gatherings during the holidays are happy occasions, and especially if devoted to kindly converse, and the social enjoyment that strengthens the ties of relationship, and binds closer together the hearts and souls of kindred and friends. One needs these wayside rests on the toilsome journey of life and therefore one need be grateful for the holiday time, if the work is not, or even if it 13 harder, than at other times. For the ! y mother it very often is, and yet she may have recompense in the joy she gives to her household and the comfort to her own And so one may say again with the heart. poet: "Bring in great logs and let them lie, To make a solid core of heat. talk and treat" Be cheerful-minded, "We keep the day with festal cheer." In this day of coal and gas and electricity one does not see so much the open fire of great logs, or of pine knots, and sometimes older people think half the pleasure Is lost In sitting in heated rooms unable to look at the open fireplace, that always seemed so bright and cheerful and has so many memories connect d with it, that are dear to the heart. The poet of today will scarcely be able to sing of the hearthstone round which the family gather at eventide to chat and sing. "Ring out the old, ring in the new," isif applicable in many was nowadays, but only the conditions change lor the Detter,one should not regret the innovations that are methods and ways made upon of living. May this be a happy Christmas, with peace and goodwill and plenty for all that the hearts of the poor may be made glad, that there may be no suffering for food or raiment in this goodly land, and faith and confideticg may increase among the Saints, and may that good fellowship which manilests itself in deeds of benevolence abound and the charity which is and kind, and faith and love grow stronger until each one can love his neighbor as himself according to the words of the blessed Savior whose birth men and -. . women profess to celebrate. long-sufferi- ng . WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Jenson kept their fifteenth wedding anniversary in a very sociable and pleasant way by inviting a few of their friends to dinner on the ioth of December, at their residence in the Seventeenth Ward. About fifty people were entertained at table, President Joseph F. Smith and wife seated at the head and near them Pres. A. H. Lund and Pres. B. W. Smith, next Mrs. E. B. Wells and opposite Mr. and Mrs. J. McDonald. There were too many guests to mention by name, but of those who added greatly to the pleasure and enjoyment of the company assembled were Mr. George Margetts, with his funny songs, and in loftier strains Mrs. Christina and Miss Judith Anderson and the Misses Jenson. Brother Jenson in his travels around the world a few years ago collected and brought of home many curiosities illustrative countries where he traveled that are very interesting and with which his guests are The evening always highly entertained. was very enjoyable. - BIRTHDAY BANQUET. The birthday of Mrs. Esther Bunnell, one of the veteran Mothers in Israel, was celebrated on Monday, December 16, with a sumptuous banquet arranged in her honor by her daughters and other members of her Mrs. Bunnell herself looked the family. veritable queen, and she was toasted by one or two of the party as Queen Esther. She wore a dainty cap of the lace white purest trimmed with ribbon, and her face shone beautifully underneath the dainty lace ruffes. The party was given in Dr. Romania B. Pratt's rooms in the Constitution building' 