Woman's Exponent ..... Thfi Rn.Ha I in ihfi ni "J ih 11 " ' cy TTj t cywi i 7T i oe a rower to better the Home, the State and the Nation . if jr VoL 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1901. AUNT ZINA'S LAST WORDS AND TESTAMENT, v CONTENTS. Aunt Zina's Last Words and Testament Elnora Wight .Zina Young Card 49 50 .M. Budge Southwestern States Mission Walks Around Canterbury. . . Lydia D. Alder 51 Loving Appreciation General R. S. Conference E. B. Wells Editorivt Special Conference... 54 52 52 52 53 54 The Hawaiian Queen Wedding and Celebration Editorial Notes Official Notice Poetry A Token.... Augusta J. Crocheron Hush 50 Mrs. Ormston Chant 49 51 A TOKEN. A warm, loving palm on my cheek as I dreamed, A kiss and a breath like the touch of a rose, And voice, that the sweetest of melody deemed; Responsive in gladness, my eyelids unclosed Ah I'd been dreaming All of it gone Far away, years away here and then gone. ! ! The babe that I thought still lay here on my heart, Out in the great world, still mine, but a and smile and a heavy pain start, All three together. Explain if you can, All their strange harmony; tell me who can. man-Tear- drop Why, over mountains and rivers and years, Desolate landscape and senses grown numb, Mountains of trials and darkness of fears, Like lightning o'er silence, such moment should come ? Like lightning through darkness, such moment should come ! I, who take pride in their statue and strength, (As once in their dimpled and fresh infancy) To drop from remembrance the years' weary length And down in my dreams their young mother to be, Deep down in my dreams their glad mother to be. Had I forgotten through all waking hours In fancy's pictures of daughters and sons? (Mothers ye .know the best treasures of ours Tresses and mem'ries of our little ones,; Hath life held sweeter than our little ones? I, to dream such, when my hair has grown white, And they each have missions in life to fulfill ? But the mother's heart, like the north star's light, E'er beckons their course to the Father's will, That right of her soul from Divinity, Will still hold its claim through eternity, When thou gavest them first to my trembling embrace. They were fresh from Thy keeping and pure in Thy sight; and tempter, Thy power and grace Can strengthen, deliver and lead them aright; And my heart, as the years grow, its watch care Y rom conflict will keep; As the years pass, Thy tokens and promise shall keep. 'Twas Thy spirit of love, O, my Father, that sent The vision of bliss after all that had passed. Thou hast not forgotten me, I am content; Thou hast w kened again all my spirit at last, I shall hold them again, near my heart at last. After life's work is done, and its last dream, waken in gladness and find it all truth, The grace of blest motherhood o'er me shall beam, And the bright bow of promise o'er cradle and youth, Mine by that token that came in my sleep The kiss of my babv, that waked me. from sleep. I shall Erda, August Augusta Joyce Crocheron. 6, 1901. Knowing the deep love and true appreof the sisters for our departed President, we send to you the last words and loving counsel given us by her during her stay in Cardston, the months of July and August. It was prophesied upon her head four years ago that she would come and visit us again, and it seemed her every word and act was given for our comfort and guidance while she remained with us. Her son, Elder Chariton Jacobs, in visiting with us this summer, bore this glowing testimony and tribute to bis beloved mother. He said: "I am now fifty-fou- r years old and never in my life heard my mother say a word against any one, or never heard her say aught against the Holy Priesthood, and never did she utter one word of complaint," During her visit three meetings were held that she attended, one at the Relief Society Hall and two at her daughter's home, as she seemed almost too feeble to attend them at a distance. No one who attended these glorious meetings can ever g forget the heavenly and words and angelic face of the most beloved and Saint-lik- e Mother in Zion. The Relief Society met in the Relief Society hall, President Sarah B. Daines presiding. After the usual exercises and a few testimonies borne, also a beautiful song entitled "A Friend So True," sung by a sister, our President, Zina D. H. Young, addressed the meeting, speaking of the labors of the Prophet Joseph Smith and the organization of the first Relief Society. 'I well remember the few members at that time, and compare them to the great numbers enrolled in the Relief Society today. I well iemember the noble and majestic look of the Prophet Joseph when he rose and spoke. I see how his words have been fulfilled and the way opened for the success and advancement of woman." Mentioned many important positions filled by women today, that could not have been filled in that day. Spoke of the humble positions of wives, mothers, Relief Society teachers and members, and the great gocd accomplished by their united efforts and willingness to serve the Lord and help to bring that reign of peace on earth to which we all look forward. Spoke on the principle of celestial marriage, had rejoiced in that sacred and holy principle. Spoke of the union existing in the family Said that without of President Young. the Spirit of God all are in danger. Women are blest who have husbands that seek to serve the Lord. It is a privilege to live in this generation. May God love. of labors in us our May He help in in and us mind, that body strengthen we may be enabled to raise our children in peace, love and joy, and perform our labors in a pleasant way. May we all live to claim the blessings of God. Sister Card spoke briefly and exercised the gift of tongues and dear Aunt Zina soul-inspirin- 7 gave the interpretation, but feeling she did not have it quite clear, humbly knelt by her chair and quietly offered a few words of prayer, then arising gave the interpretation fully and beautifully, to the blessing and comfort of all. ciation . No. SECOND MEETING. On August 1, the Relief Society met at Sister Card's. Meeting convened with sixty-fou- r members present, President Sarah B. Daines presiding. After the opening exercises and program Sister Young addressed the meeting. She said she loved the testimony meetings, loved to hear the voices of the sisters and to see the Spirit of God beaming on their faces. "What a privilege it is to live in this dispensation ! We should meet tooften and gether speak one to another. The Saints will receive great blessings through the word of the testimony and the power of the anointing." She then gave a description of the Kirtland Temple and the many glorious meetings held there. She was present when the Spirit of God was felt like a mighty rushing wind. Explained how large curtains were drawn that all might have the privilege of bearing thir testimonies. Exhorted the sisters not to find fault with the Priesthood or with one another, do not harbor a fault finding spirit, it is not of God. Said: "In looking back over my own life I cannot remember of ever finding fault with those who were Do not harbor called to preside over me. an ill feeling toward any one, nor let envy Those who crowd love from your hearts. do this are trampling the beautiful flowers and blossoms under their feet. Spoke of the poverty and hard times endured by the Saints in the past, hoped they would never return. "Dear sisters, call often upon the Lord, and a request I would make of you all is to never find fault." THIRD MEETING. August 15th the Relief Society again convened at the home of Sister Card, President Sarah B. Daines presiding. After the usual exercises and bearing of testimonies, Sister Young said: "My dear sisters, what pleasure it gives me to be engaged with 3tou in this great and glorious work. As time goes on each day makes one rejoice more in the grandeur of the principles which we believe in; the greatness of our blessings is beyond exSisters appreciate the privilege pression. of bearing testimony of the goodness of God to one another. I feel to exhort you so claim the Holy can to live all you to in times of trial, and comfort you Spirit inspire you in your daily vocations of life. It is a mother's privilege to be inspired by the Spirit of God in the raising of her Take time to read the scriptures. family. I have taken much consolation in reading the Book of Mortnon. I have visited the Hill Cumorah and rejoiced that I was privileged to stand on such holy ground where prophets and angels have stood, such a place of renown among the Nephites . 