rr"H The Ballot in the Hands oj the lvycn ' 'nl. 2 9 SALT J, A K!i CITY, UTAH, JANUARY Luren.o Snow Kvrt S. K Jry The pjth and uth Centuries the Century Wrought ?. Ionu-vpu- sii;'n. V; .'.'A a s jv; j r it.-- 1 1.ith 1 V.,::m'i ', ! a, SlSsa Vming GaU-s- ' IH.lciy Annual Uejxns......IC. It Wells g 'I Mi-ionar- N e Pratt Mrs. Addison y (- ' 7" 7i s. , -- ' The Parsing of the Century . R.M . Fox a Pullman Car.. Lydia Iterations Santa Clans 1). . - : ?rcedo:aha!l reign, Over mountain and plain. And the riveN join in the j ' gb.d-sot:g- ! - I ! - ; . i I. C A. n '" Toll, toll, gratefully uCl'l For the age of .libcj'tvV dawning,..shall ca-- t in bright be.i:n Adown Tin'-'runnir.g tiea:n,-Fntil toll The world's d, .liverar.ee is nigh; Toll. toll, toll, Alder . ::d! f The angels of wrath. Are sweeping the THE PASSING OF THE CENTURY. So swiftly 'tis passing, ! and sin. Toll, .toll, toll, sadly toll; Fur us givat contentions and wars. Rem For the heroes they've slain I' poii land and on main, For women that are weeping, Their lone vigil keeping Fur luvcd ones who never return. Toll, tolh mournfully toll. For the needless hunger and cold, For those who have perished . t'nloved and uncheushed; F o r t h ose w ho d ri ve n , To)l, toll, remorsefully toll; is the blood of the martyrs so true- Vith a luminous ray," direct from the courts above. Toll, toll, tenderly toll; It is but a memory now; Let the so ft' robe . Cease to your redemption draweth nigh waste your wages in that which helps 'to keep you in want. Regard not wealth as your enemy and your employers as your oppressors. '.Seek for the union of capital Re provident when in prosper- and labor. ity. Do not became a prey to designing men who seek to stir up strife for their own selfish ends. Strive for your rights by law ful means, and desist from violence and deAnarchism and lawlessness are struction. Dissipation and vice are your deadly foes. chains that bind you to slavery. ' Freedom is coming for you, its light approaches as the century dawns. Men and women of wealth, use your riches to give employment to the laborer! Take the idle from the crowded centers of population and place them on the untilled areas that await the hand of industry. Unlock .your vaults, unloose your purses, and embark in enterprises that will give work to the unemployed, and relieve the wretchedness that leads to the vice and crime which curse your; great cities, and that poison the" Make around you. moral atmosphere j others happy, and you will be happy your new century dawns upon the world The hundred years just completed today. were the most momentous in the history of man upon this planet. It would be impossible in a hundred days to make even a brief selves. , summary of the notable events; tlie marAs a servant of God I benr witness to the velous developments, the "grand achieveof his will in the nineteenth ments and the beneficial inventions and revelationIt came bv His own voice from the discoveries, which mark the progress of the the personal manifestation of ten decades now left behind in the ceaseless heavens, by oi holy Tlie very mention of His Son and by the manifestation march of humanity. angels. He commands all people every the nineteenth century suggests 'advancewhere to repent, to turn from their evil ment, improvement, liberty and' light. amidst its ways and unrighteous desires, to be baptized" lived have to we are 'Happy for the remission of their sins, that they wonders and shared in the riches of its Lmay receive the Holy Ghost .and come into treasures of intelligence. communion with Him. lie has commenced The lessons of the past century should the work of redemption spoken of by the have prepared us Tot the duties and glories sages r and seers of all the It ought to be the age holy prophets, of the opening era. He ages and all the races of mankind. of peace, of greater progress, of the univerwill assuredly accomplishHis work and the The barsal adoption of the golden rule. advance-War twentieth century will mark its barism of the past should be buried. ment towards the great consummation. with its horrors should be but .a memory. Every unfoldment of the nineteenth century The aim of nations should be fraternity and in science, in art, in mechanism, in music, oi humanwelfare The mutual greatness. in literature, in noetic fancy, in philosophi of the enrichinstead studied be should ity cal thought was prompted by His Spirit ment of a race or the extension of an emoiu upon and which belore long-- win oe poureu earth the monarchs of Awake, ye pire. flesh that will reed ve it. He is the all the and gaze upon rulers among nations, of us all and he desires to save and .Father of the ' rising .the early rays scene on which all. us txalt twenMillennial day. gild the morn of the year of my age on In the eighty-sevent- h The power is in your hands tieth century ' I feel full of earnest desire for the to pave the way for the coming King of earth, of humanity. I wish all a happy be over all the benefit will dominion whose Kings, I hope and look for grand earth. Disband your armies, turn your New Year, events to occtlr in- the twentieth century. of indusinto strife of implements weapons bauds and necks of the At its auspicious dawn"' I lift my the from the take yoke try; meet in invoke the blessing of heaven upon the arbitrate disputes; your people; of the earth. May the sunshine instead of union for and plan congress, royal May the above smile upon you. or ;the banishment of poverty, from conquest,-fof the ground and the fruits ol the for the uplifting- of the masses, and for the treasures freel v for vour good. ut. health, wealth'eulightenment and happiness WJU theu;uuf,. of 'truth chase darkness trom light of air tribes and peoples and nations. Then May May xighteQUsness. increase and shall the twentieth century jlk to you the your puis, v. ; Fhat mantle of rarity. ! Toll, soil, cheerfully toll, Good works in part may atone; ' l is its own bereavement. Though there be no.retrievement. The world has grown better, Full many a fetter J I as been loosed in' the century past . ':, Toll, toll, joyously .toll; Real greatness will always remain-Forkwondrous advancement, ' - . ! I Toembla.on the way, Kncircle the bier; Fordo we not hear?.' ' 1' was truly a wonderful age Ye toiling millions, who, in the sweat of-your faces earn your daily bread, look up and greet the power from above which The day of shall lift you from. bondage ! cen-tnr- st" prophets rejected , Who were called and elected, I l'KKSIDKNT I.OKKNZO SNOW. j Toll, toll,. .solemnly toll. For the crime of the century dire, Fur the sorrow and shame, That shall ever remain; For th'i cry that's ascending . Forever ascending To the throne of the great 1 Am. l BY . Though bravely they'd striven, l'o sell their own bodies for bread. ,' lr. A . ' M. GREETING TO THE WORLTX ' w e re ' ' g bldhcd . ! Toll, toll, toll yet again For who shall His coining abide ? In His glorv. resplendent. With a ho-- i.f attendants. He is comilig agat:?. )'crthe whole earvh to w jgn, A rv I to Him shall all nations bow.', . Not peacefully passing. Rut striving w ith path.-'Th- scourges and wir,le:. The te:u;)vstsand tliunders Are proclaiming "Prepare ye the way." Toll, bells toll, toll ,ells toll, A century is passing away, With its follies and woes, Its horrors and throes; 15 l . The New Year and New Century i wond'rin-l- y -- , H.:!,V!.iy.l'arty., - - iia.'.ar Notes r 11, No. 1, 1900'. W your glory of your. lives and the lustre crowns, and posterity-.shalsing your praises. While the Kternal One shall place you on high among the mighty. toll !" For the electrical current unseen; Whiv.li simply ag u:Hs'ux Its limits :i:Vl,.,unl!t , Its ni.vgical power I s a magnificent dov.-'rTo bei pieathe to ages to c:nc. Toll, t. I and the Nation. of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State COXTICNTS. ' to the World II Twas an age of enchantment; Us way has been fraught. With the marvels God wrought, In sight csf the children of men. s : . ! . - in-Vmh- 1 Toll, toll, toll, proudly toll; - r the wind wergo, For the science and ails," N And the o'erflo wing marts, As swift as- , the messages speeding,: "Xx ' . Long distance unheeding, For speech, flasbjrjg over the wire, - - ' 