voman:s kxponknt. "Brightly beams the sacred thus a better.understanding is effected between the women-othe different nations and they become more familiar with each other's conditions and needs. These meetings tend also to bring woiiien closer together and the spirit of sincere fraternity, which is so essential to progression,' is thus fostered and cultivated. A good example of these gatherings is presented in that of the Second International Congress of Women's Works and In structions which was held in Paris this year go out from 'this Congress ? In o Benediction Klder R. N. measure that which We ourselves camdawning .Adams. x w un-it- , wiiw.iiic wuiks oi justice aril is Afternoon session. Siniu, "Prayer peace let us bring here a spirit of justW' of : the soul's sincere desire." Prayer by Bishop peace and of true fraternitv." Mme. Isa'belJa ; Bogelot then made a Oeorge'O. Crosby. Singing, "Kar't.h with her ten thousand flowers." J splendid address. The officers of the Geueral board were Telegrams were sent to President and and also officers. Stake sustained, presented Mme. Loubet and others. In the .evening a President Jane S. Coleman spoke upon brilliant reception was given in honor "of our efforts in sericulture, we had been the delegates in the palace of womtn blessed and prospered thus far, but while where Mme. Pegard received the 'guests' the trees are niakiuggrowih we are to make which in every way was a pronounced sue The evening was spent "in admiring tv, for" to a build house the cess. preparations 'beautiful works of 'women in statues, paint- Wished those who felt to assist to work. The Congress opened in the grand Hall ms axiu uiuu uujcwis createu tjy women's do so, and their interest . in this direction of Congresses, on the iSth of June. That talent. - Would be Said"we shoti'd im: appreciated. K. J. people were interested in Ttwas attested to the God has talents prove given us, steok by the fact that the hall was filled long bekindly of each other and practice our re- fore the hour of commencement by the ligion in our lives. friends of woman's cause; Patriarch Blackburn said he was 'grateful many M. Mabillean, director of the social lor the opportunity of meeting' with the sisopenedthe Congjess with a few ters and to bid them God speed. We should musee, And when you et a .dollar, deport ii well chosen remarks wherein he expressed appreciate the day and time in which" we himself as bein;,' in with Zion's Sayings Hank & Tr;it ; sympathy with the livcv the sistersare called of God to fill woman's Company, the oldest and largt-?- vUVi;ir-.- and he thought that movement, hunk n jjtah." these positions. The Lord spoke to His all difficulties and obstacles would be surservant, the prophet. The work, we are mounted and overcome ere. long, and Since the establishment of the hank You should do woman's cause be engaged in is endless. we triumphant. have opened more than l!Ut'i() your duties as mothers, felt to bless the President Monod then snoke eloouentlv accounts. sisters. You should cultivate faith in and with much feeling. First she paid your children, should remember thechil-dreto the memories of the ones wno The laws of Utah permit married are constantly watching the parent. tribute were the prime originators of the Coucrress. women and also children who are minors The mothers work is never done, 'but we to open savings 'accounts in their ,, n vizi, M. Jules Simon and Mme. Kmilie de must take time to look after our Morsier. name, subject to their own order. Haw children and cultivate love and union at vou such an account? If rvt. n is an indivisible body which "The family ' NOW .one home. the President Lydia C. Adams reported We connection above renders complete: may say that woman is nothing without U'c pay FOUR PEIl CENT INTeasdale Relief Society doing well: man and without woman. TEREST on any amount from one donothing Sister Robison said our religion makes us man, llar to thousands, and compute said constitute the they organic and one, the instructions given have all been Together human interest four times a year. When the Creator complete being. us let treasure in them honest good, up is not good for man to be alone, I WHITE for any information desired. said hearts arul always have kind words for will 'It him an aid like to himself,' he give LOJiKNZO Snow. Pre.-t-. every one. intended to him neither a certainly give Gkorgc M. Cannon, Cashier Bishop George H. Crosby said' he 'had slave nor a rival. much experience in Relief Society Work, Main Street. have thought and still think that Nos. "Many labors the of sisters. the appreciated Spoke the cause of woman would take care of itself words. Kliza Sister Brinkerhoff encouraging the better the less was said about it.. spoke on woman's work. "Do you not think, ladies, the experThe Most Convenient Local Train ServitV President W. K. Robison said the inin the State is given by the structions given had been timely, we should iment ofis silence has been tried long enough ' and it time now to try other methods ?" repent and improve, we should magnify our She then spoke about the moral and incallings and speak good things of each dustrial emancipation of woman ,as chief other. Blessed the Relief Society and its issues before the Congress. interests and all our laudable undertakings. "We hear much about the woman Choir ang, "Guide usy 0 Thou Great iu the home. What about' all the Jehovah." Benediction by George- S. woman without a home? There are Coleman. 3,ooo,ooo unmarried women of marriagable Anna 0. Colicman, Sec. age in France. These must be armed for their struggle. We must unite not only to WOMAN 3 CONGRESS IN PARIS. keep them, but to change conditions so that PI VF of women in International children will not be endangered in advance Daily Trains Each Way between with a deplorable heredity. Odll LdnC tllj dllU UtjUCll. Congresses, comparatively speaking, is yet in "We be" must not its infancy, Jmly two having been held up superficial, helping auu to date, but. both of those have proven emiiucic an isolated case wp miKt combat the evil not in its effects, but in its nently successful, and the good that resulted, from them will doubtless be far-- . cause." 1 lie These Congresses speaker then said, "It has been ee that your tickets read via the reaching in its nature. stated the era of prevention must that are especially of great benefit to: women, begin." She claimed charitv was tint n&oA and the noble cause they represent. At these meetings women from all but living in a new form, that of. oreven- quarters of the 'globe come together and talk about, matters of material interest, and r. JNIlle. Monod closed her excellent And Get the best in the following terms: " "What will vSiii&inir, y f . - r -- -- . ' . Save Your Money! - t av-in- rs - n ! ; . . . 1-- . ...... Oregon Shopf Line ' - - L -- Railroad ft The-meetin- ' - . ' "' "SHORT LINE" dis-cour- R. K. - , se THOMAS, DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City,. Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit vcmr patronage. much as possible, for you money. V We aim to give you al Y ""TR Y US . CITY TICKET OFFICE" for tickets to ail points, M West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, t'iah. D. E. S.W.Ecc!es, Oen. Tic Mgr. ' V Burley, O. P. & -LA 