WOMAN'S KXPONENT. Woman's Exponent. . EM MX USE li. ' vtLLS. JiJticr ani I'ubhiher. lines of education, and may the spirit that brooded over the dedication ever remain within those' walls,' that the young people may be inspired to pursue the noblest , course of life, cultivating the highest virtues-- truth, honesty and uprightness, integrity, patriot-isand chivalry, until it shalU be said as and all seemed to enjoy meeting the two veteran women, whose good works of lovand chanty and benevolence are knoivn throughout Israel. At on" long table in the library were ! - m fuMUhM' (vrot-n- i nt.!y. in Salt Lake Cit, Terms; one'. copy one , Jl.oo;. one copy 'sit ninths. o rii.nie CH. reuiicfor. ;:y a;crs uc.;v-cre- d jor curs. 50 jt-ir- r. by mailxfra j tr.e year, o-t.- cts. 25 square, It, !;:ni of rionpanl Advertising rates: r one t:rnc $2.50; month, 53.00. A I.beral d:-- . c unt to rs. alvcrt.fc ir irul tch Rooth 20B '1 enipton, SoicH Trrnple Street: Busings hours from 10 a. in. to 3 p. rii., evrry .. day, except Sunday. Address all business communi' at oris tc EXPONENT office li. WEIJ.S, B. SaT.t Lakk Crrv, Utahthe 1'ost Ofue in Sdlt lke City, It ah, at - ''Entered at. m jrcond-clas- f ilter. tude of a palace." A, DOUBLE BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION. U Y ah, r. 15, i'h. a Mak. i, t Snow-Presiden- de-Iicioi- ist of January, 1000, was made memorable by the General Hoard of the The . - nt . ' e ii - whose members celebrated appropriately the birthday of the President of the organization. and Mrs. Zina I). II. Young, the President, was born on January 3istiS2i, and was consequently Sb years of age. Mrs. Jane was born S. Richards, First on January 31st, 1S23, two years later. Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Richards opened their handsome and commodious residence on A Street, in this city, Tor the birthday party which was set for 2 rr. m., Thursday the The parlors and library were beauti31st. fully decorated with vines and white carnations, the design being principally green and white, though pink and American beauty roses were disposed tastefully in suitable places and added to the brilliancy of the effect. The two honored guests of the occasion were seated side by side in the front parlor, where they received the. con gratulations of their .distinguished friends. President Lorenzo Snow and wife were among the first to arrive. President George Q. Cannon, and wife, PresidentJoseph F. Smith and wife. Apostle Brigham Young and wife, Apostle John Henry Smith and wife, Bishop John R. Winder and wife and Mrs. W. B. Preston, President Angus M.. .Cannon and wjfe, President Joseph E. Tay lor and wife, PresidentC.W. Penrose and wife, Bishop O. F, "Whitney, Mrs. Robert Patrick, Counselor Wm. Barton and wife; also .Mrs. Julia C, Howe, Mrs. Mary Alice Lambert, Mrs. William Jennings, Mrs. Elizabeth Webb and Dr. E. S. Barnev; also Mrs. Twiss Young. Margaret P. and Amelia F. Young and Mrs. Maria Y. Dou-galMr. Chariton Jacobs and wife, and his The Ogden party son, Zebulon and wife. were Hon. C.C.Richards and Mrs. Josephine R. West, Mrs. D. H. Perrv,. Mrs, WilliamDriver and Professor Moench and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Walker West. Mr.- and- M ' Herrick, Elder Samuel W. Richards j and wite, Mrs. Maria W. .Wilcox. Mrs. II. P. Apostles. Richards. Mrs. Heber Tohn RichnrrU K.inW Bishop John R. Winder spoke briefly and Levi W. Richards and wife,- Mr, and Mrs Sister Bathsheba W. Smith expressed her W. B. Dougall, Mr. Hugh Doujrall. Mis. love for the work in a few welPchosen Mary C. Cannon. Mioses Cnrp nnrt AWo words, alluding to the days of Joseph and Cannon and Miss Clarice Doujrall: some of her own personal experiences, ahd Two distinguished guests were Elder ner endeep appreciation of the blessings Nathan Tanner, father of Mrs. F. S. Rich joyed by the Saints. ards, and, his, sister, Mrs. Maria Lvman. Elder Nathan Tanner, who was one of mother of Apostle F. M. Lvman. Of thp the oldest member In; the Church, gave a General Board, besides the two senior nresi. few of his ideas of the and present of past dents mentioned, there the Latter-dawork. Bathsheba W- Smith! Jane Can Elder Samuel W. Richards was one of 13. Wells, Romania B. Pratt. non, Susnn the speakers and gave some reminiscences Grant, Julina L. Smith, Emily S, Richards, of hrs acquaintance with the Prophet Joseph. Rebecca Standring, Julia P. M. Farnsworth,' rendered Elder Dougall, by request Elizabeth J. Stevensq and Anuie T. Hyde! another sacred entitled, "The Palms," There were a number of others invitefl wlin his voice and song expression doing ample, justice for various reasons could.not-bbut themeSand to the present, delighting the audience.the party ws an exceedingly pleasant one ?Qem3 were Tea4 b7 Sisters Suss Young Relief Vice-Preside- Salt Lakk Cn y, .. le as plants grown "That in their youth; that our daughters may be as corner-stones- , polished after the similiour .sons may o ace Mrs. pronhesied'of old: Richards and President and. Mrs. and Mrs. Cannon, President and Mrs. Smith, Brigham and Mrs. Voting John Henry and Mrs. Smith, Sisters B. Smith and Amelia F. Young, Mrs. Maria Lyman and Mr. Nathan Tanner, Sen. Small tables Jn the parlors accommodated-thother guests. President Smw proThe dinner was nounced the blessing. aiid admirably served. During the dinner telegrams of- congratuhtion were read. from absent members of the family and Also some letters containing from friends. both congratulations and regrets for absence. After the guests had partaken of the bounteous repast tables .were cleared and President Snow was invited to make a few remarks. He responded briefly, speaking of the long acquaintance he had enjoyed with the sisters whose birthday was being celebrated and congratulating them upon the success they had made of 'their life work, and wishing them happiness and long life here and an eternity" of glory Alluded to the mothers in hereafter. heaven and referred to the beautiful hvmn of his sister,. Eliza, with which he believed we were all familiar. President George Q. Cannon spoke next. He eulogized the lives of these good sisters, and alluded to the trials through which they had passed without wavering in their faith, and dwelt much on the integrity of the Saints, who had endured suffering for principle and to establish righteousness. President Joseph F. Smith, followed in a similar strain, noting the great strength of character, fortitude and endurance of the women who had helped to lay the foundation of' righteous principles in the early days, and of the great blessings in store for He also the faithful mothers in Israel. congratulated them on having lived so. many years in such wonderful times, having known the Prophet Joseph and others who had succeeded him, and said many more good and excellent things. Sister Zina responded Jn a few words of grateful appreciation and spoke of, her long experience in the Church and her great love for the Latter-da- y Saints and the; work of the last days. Elder Hugh Dougall then sang MThe Holy City," and thrilled every heart present with the melody of his superb! voice. Elder John Henry Smith made a brief address representing the quorum of the ' L. D. S. BUILDING DEDICATED. The Vice-Presiden- Saints new Business College was formally dedicated with appro priate ceremonies on Thursday, February 7, .1901 exercises commencing at 2 p.-- m. The assembly room was handsomely dec orated,' the stand with flowers and bunting in red, white and blue, and flags suitably draped. Portraits of the First Presidency in a group were hung alove the stand,, and on the wall either side being photographs of Dr. Maeser and the Board of Education. Many palms and pots of flowers in bloom adorned the window seats. The exercises onened .with a rmartette. x 11 Alma Mater," Lizzre Thomas Ed wards, Mabel Cooper, Thomas Ashworth and- II. S. Knsign. Prayer was offered, after that a trio, Mabel Cooper, Thomas Ashworth Latter-da- y 1 - ana 11. r. linsign, wnn ionowea an address by President Lorenzo Snow and .a song, "My Valley Home' Mrs. Edwards arid quartette. . Committee, Bishop Geo. Romney. Accept ance, Hon. Angiis M. Cannon, Chairman Piano solo. Prof. J. J. Board of Trustees. McClellan. Dedicatoiy prayer, President Geo. Q. Cannon. Singing, "America," by Future of the College glow Jthe students. ingly portrayed by KIder J. K. Taylor. Flag . Presentation by S. II. Derbyshire, student, also one of the Utah Volunteers. Acceptance of the Flag, Prof. J. II. Paul. Singing. "The Star Spangled Banner." Benediction by Hon. Bngham Young.. The ceremonies were all impressive and the remarks were well chosen as ' 'apples Tli AaA nf crr( in' nirhirp5 nf ii1vfr " catory prayer was a masterpiece of its kind, if the term is admissible. The banquet beiow to which "so many hundreds sat down 'was tastefully arranged, one wonderedwhere soTTnaliysweet violets had been found in February, and the simplicity of style manifest is a reccommend to the college girls, and in much better taste than-menu would, have . been. more-elaborat- e ( ; , Music and dancing continued until midnight vvith the young students and their friends. . . " . 'Presentation speech, Chaiiman Building a t, . The success 'of the Building Committee has been beyond the most ardent expectations when the plan was first devised to build immediately after the land had been donated. May the College prosper as briskly and successfully and thestudents achieve unprecedented ; success along all useful . l; . j - . -- - a - 11 ' v - y - and-Sara- h e . - 1 