WOMAN'S EXPONENT. S6. J Representatives, also spoke, of the subject in question,-UuMK-eof .more mom "'for "these" unfortunate men an I women. A few other speakers were called and time was tip- and th.-- pirty, wiio hid been invited to visit the At the V. Academy, repaired tliither. filled was Academy the Lecture hall, with young men and women students, a pleading sight indeed, and promises much for the future of the State. Here again the G A'eruor, President of the Senate, and Hon. John T. Axtou, made brief remarks and 'America" was sung with much spirit ' by tht students and visitors. d - dtmise of Dr. Karl G community by surIn his death the State of Utah has prise. lost one of its strongest educational pillars. Prof. Maeser was untiring in his efforts to advance a perfect system of education among His whole life the, masses of tiie people was given to noble service for the gOJ of hUJeLlow men. He filled important posi-lioin the schools of his own country before moving to America. In Dr. Maeser' s conversion to Mormonism and his coming to Utah some very remarkable incidents occur, which are powerful testimonies to the Tiie sudden .Maes.T h is taken the ii ' truth of the Gospel. Prof. Maeser before junij; uj u mil 10 iouuu me nngiiam xouug Academy, was employed in the University of Utah, and many young me: and women now filling places of importance in this State and elsewhere studied under his tutelage in that iirstitution in the old Council House. Too much cannot be said in favor of this devoted servant of the Lorjl. It is an irreparable loss for the time being to the people; the work will go forward notwithstanding. Sometimes when such earnest, humble, taithful and unassuming men and women pass away, the question arises, ''Have we sufficiently appreciated their laborsj" If we have not, it is a good time to begin now and help build up. and strengthen those who labor. zealously and unremittingly for. Zion. Dear Brother Maeser, how gentle, yet firm ! What a beautiful life, so full of good deeds, charity, mercy, benevolence, integrity and all Ihe virtues that adorn and glorify man-kinHis death was beautiful, and it may cenainly be said ofjiim that Ire fell asleep and never tasted death, "as - many of the Saints have been promised if they continue faithful. d. - AUTOtilNGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON. (Continued.) That summer I worked very hard to get ' Brother Layton told my parents that he would bear all my expenses in going to the land of Zion, and li A. r I t f me 10 go. My mej wuuaeiueu lor uniy my things ready. . . .1 1 1. it wouid be very nice for me to come and live with her, she had no family of her ovn.. Brother Layton and Sarah Martin were married on the third day of May, 1850, at Sandy Church, by Rev. Cook. The summer soon passed. Sister Layton and I made, a number0 of straw bonnets to bring ' with us to this country. Shortly before we were ready to start some one. told my father the Mormons had more than one .wife, and for him not to let me go with Mr. Layton to Utah , or, he would marry me. My father did not know what to do, for he had never heard of such a thing. He vorried so me "about it and fi$ially told me that if what he had heard were true, and that if he thought" I. would marry that man,' . " he 'would ratheHjirrx ..!.ne ibeie and. then.. " t Ira n"fo "see such a thing happen. . My mother sanctioned all that he said, but I told them that I thought I was old enough to take care of myself. It hurt me to think they would feel so hard about those things that they did not understand, and I told her that I had never in my life disobeyed her but once, and that was when I came into this Church, and that when she found out a little about the Gospel she would be glad that I had, and asked her why she should think now that I would, do anything that was so wrong. She had promised Brother Layton that I should go with him, and he had promised to take care of me, and why should she believe that Satan would make up without considering it first, and seeing if it were all right. They sotm became reconciled and felt better. '. September 26th was the day decided oii to start from home for Liverpool. 'My relatives and friends were there in full- to persuade me to stay, and not go to Utah, where they said I had neither friends nor money. I told them that the Gospel taught me that unless I was willing to forsake all for the Gospel's sake, I was unworthy to be called one of s the chosen. I shall never forget my on that occasion, lor though my heart felt as though it would break, I felt that my way had been opened in answer to my prayer. I felt that God had been kind to me when father, mother and friends had all turned a cold shoulder on me, and why should I now distrust him? I had set my mind and could not be turned from what I felt was my duty, and I had so long prayed for a chance to gather with the Saints to Zion. I had also learned that sacrifice would bring forth blessings, .and I. would not let them see that it worried me in the" least. That day I went to Brother Layton's place that we. might start together from Bedford station. The next morning on arriving there I found my mother and a cousin there, they having walked twelve miles to see me again. . That was a hard parting tor me. As the train passed through the tunnel going into Liverpool, the .sight that met my eyes was wonderful to me; as I had never seen a ship nor the sea; but there I saw the ships for miles along1 the Jaarbor, and the broad ocean, spreading out before me; what a wonder ! We spent some time going about in We' also Liverpool and through the ships. went through a "man of war" that was - feel-ing- . -- there. The morning of the 30th came-- and ... we boarded the ship James Paincl. The first night out they began. to be seasick, but I was not bothered until the second morning. As I. arose I walked out of the cabin and looked over the side of the ship, when all at once I turned so dizzy that I could not stand and began to vomit. That was a " good introduction;- to the disease. Nearly all oa board had a spell. After I had been on the sea about two weeks I was taken down with a severe cold, and was so bad' that I could hardly move. The captain told JJrotrier Layton to take me out and out me in a chair on deck This he did without telling hie what it was for. But I soon found out, for I had there long before a great wave came in sight, and I sitting there helpless and alone. I" was fastened to the chair arid the wave rolled over me and drenched me through. If made me angry, for I could not so much as change - not-be- en , -weeks-w- e were "wiillin" .At ..the end one day's sail of the Gulf of Mexico, and .. we retired about midnight, the stars shin-inBut we were as brightly as possible. g awakened soon after' by. tiie heavy roariii---othe sea, and the sound of the- sSilor.s Such thunder and lightning I had never heard or seen. In a short time the main mast was torn off and we drifted helplessly ' for eleven days, not knowing what our fate would be. But we were rescued and landed safely at St. Louis, December 4, thankfnf to our Heavenly Father for our deliverance from what seemed would be a watery grave. It was a cold, rainy day when we landed; we knew no one, and no one .seemed to We were as pilgrims in the know us. promised land, without home or shelter. But Brother Layton went out in town and rented a large store room, 011 Fourth "antl we went in aim .were ropiar directs. sheltered from the rain, but were very cold. lu a short time some one came up with a new cook stove and set it up in" the room, but we had never seen such a, thing before and did not know wdiat to do with Aite- -. it, so we left it just as they put it. waiting a few hours, sitting on the floor of that large, dirty room, Brother Layton returned. He had been busy getting our luggage off the boat. We" did not know how to rough it, as we had always had plenty at home, and every accomodation possible on the voyage, but when we came to be placed in such conditions we were lost. O, how awkward we were at- trying to" cook ! But we made the best of it. Brother Layton hired some one to do our washing, but, we did not stay in that place long, we moved to Twelfth and Franklin Ave. ' In the spring of 1851 Orson Hyde came down from Kanesville and counseled Brother Lay-toto rent if possible near St. Louis, and put the men to work that were owing him, and let them work it out. This, of course, delayed our journey to the mount - , - , - n ' ' tains. One very hot day in July, as I was about to eat my dinner, I began shaking violently, and did not know what was the matter. Soon a fever developed and I then realized that I had chills and fever. Every day I would have a spell until I became very weak. Many a night I never closed my eyes. One time I felt a little better and was left alone to do some work while Sister Layton was away to see her father, 'who was sick. I got a pan and went to get sorre flour from the barrel, and that was the last thaiI knew that day. When Brother and Sister found me in an unLayton returned-the- y conscious condition, and everything just as. they had left it in the morning. . I had torn my clothing into strings and pulled my hair, but knew nothing of it, I had the best of care that could be had, but could get no relief as long as I lived in St. Louis. r In the spring of 1852 'we started on our journey tor the West. We went up the Missouri river to Kansas City. While on the boat I was taWen down with congestive chills that nearly cost me my life. I was not able to walk around when we landed at Kansas City,, but soon improved so'that in a few days we moved out into the woods where we made our camp. There were four in our camp, Brother Layton and his lather and Sister Layton and I, and miles away from where any other white folks, lived. Indians were passing constantly, but we were never molested by them Brother Layton was called to . ' .we-we- re - ' 