WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Woman s Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 tts. dvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariel di-space one time $2.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal c unt to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Tenvpleton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, semi-monthl- y, Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post matter. Office in Salt Lake City, Salt Lake City, Utah, September, Ltah, a 1901. OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT, Zina D. H Young. ' 'The loved and lost, why do we call them lost, Because we miss them from our onward road ? God's unseen angel o'er our pathway crossed Looked on us all and loving her the most, Straightway relieved her from life's weary load. "They are not lost; they are within the door That shuts out loss, and every hurtful thing With angels bright and loved ones gone before; In their Redeemer's presence evermore; And God himself their Lord and Tudge and King." There are no words to express the sorrow one feels when a beloved friend passes away, and yet we all realize we have no cause to mourn for them but only for the loss it is to those who remain. Sister Zina, whose demise we now record, was one who will be missed in (he community by all the people, and in the Relief Society, of the Church, the largest organization of women there is, and the one first organized now in its sixtieth year, she will be missed for her counsel, her sympathy and all those noble and kindly qualities of heart and soul that help to bind together, encourage and uplift all those who have a membership therein. Aunt Zina's presence everywhere was like a. benediction. She possessed in a large degree those endearing and genial characteristics that inspire and strengthen human affection, as well as the exalted attributes that lift the soul to higher things than the ordinary affairs of every day life. Perhaps no woman in the Church had more intense sympathy with sorrow and suffering, and she was often significantly spoken of as "Zina, the Comforter," an appellation well merited. Added to this she had that rare intuition in emergencies to know just what to do. as well as to soothe and assuage grief. This presence of mind and inspirational gift in times of severe illness or of accident, together with great faith in administering to the sick, made her invaluable wherever her help and assistance could be obtained. She was sent for, far and near, when there was affliction, grief or death in the households of the Saints, and even by those not of the same faith. No wonder her body was worn out by fatigue, for she, too, was only human physically, after all, and yet she carried the burdens and sorrows of others uncomplainingly to the very last. Sister Young was a highly gifted woman in many directions, inspirational and eloquent. As a natural speaker she could not be surpassed, her words flowed from her lips free and easy whenever she arose to address an audience, and she had that wonderful faculty of carrying her hearers along with her; they felt the power of her sublime earnestness and never wearied of listening. Her tenderness of manner, as well as of She was full heart was always apparent of love, the most adnrrable traits of womanly character and virtues were notic-abl- y exemplified throughout her life" Obedience to authority, especially that of the priesthood, great humility, faith and integrity to principle, true unto death; firm in her convictions as the everlasting hills, yet abounding in charity, that true "charity that never faileth " It is difficult to tell in what special virtue she most excelled, and we do not all see alike. Some of her dearest friends say faith was her strongest characteristic, and again other;--- , others, sympathy, One cLarity, and still others humility. dear friend speaks of these qualifications as Aunt Zina's jewels, Faith, Love and Charity. Volumes might be written of her life and experiences, but we can only give very little in an article like this It was given her to be greatly beloved by the masses of the people; and thousands, and tens of thousands, perhaps, have sought her counsel and been blest in taking her motherly advice. But she has gone from our sight, and we shall miss her Madonna face and motherly advice in our meetings. For years she has been the one woman whom we all sought after and delighted to honor, and it will be hard indeed for some of us who have been so long and so closely associated with her to accustom ourselves to her absence. One by one the veterans of the Church are being called home Many of the men and women associated with Sister Zina in Kirtland, Missouri, and Nauvoo, have long since departed, and now she, too, has gone to join that innumerable company on the other side. Sister Zina, as she is affectionately called by thousands of people, has undoubtedly finished the work assigned her to do upon this earth, and has certainly made a It has been said of her glorious record. over and over again that she was one of the choice spirits reserved to come in this day and age of the world, to assist in the establishment of the Latter-dawork. And this mission she has filled with honor and credit to herself and entire satisfaction to all who know her life work. A beautiful well and rounded. life, complete y "O, selfish sorrow of selfish hearts !" O, we of little faith who mourn for one whose tired feet have reached that beau! teous shore, and joined the "Choir Invisible." Sister Zina has fought the good fight, kept the faith, and has received all the blessings, gifts and powers that entitle her to an endless life in the celestial kingdom. All this we know and realize, but, alas, we are human and our hearts ache for the love she bestowed so lavishly upon her friends. We poor wayfarers must still on and try to believe and follow struggle her righteous example and say with the poet: "We will do likewise, death hath made no breach In love and sympathy, in hope and trust, No outward sign or sound our ears can reach, But there's an inward, spiritual speech That greets us still, though mortal tongue be dust." President Zina D. H. Young, of whose life we give a brief sketch, departed this life at her own home in this city, on 8:55, morning, August Wednesday 28, 1 901. at the ripe age of eighty years, six months and twenty-eigh- t days. It may truthfully be said of her that she fell asleep peacefully and breathed her last without a struggle. On June 27 she left this city, accompanied by her son, Chariton to visit her daughter in Canada, and while there enjoyed herself very much, visiting with the members of her immediate family, children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren, also beloved brethren and After about two sisters in that locality. mouths pleasantly passed she expressed a wish to come home and the journey wras She was to come with Brother planned. and Sister Levi W. Richards, but on the morning of starting she was taken suddenly ill and her daughter, Sister Zina Y. Card, felt she, too, must come with her. Sister Zina became unconscious about the time they left Spring Coolie, on the border of Canada, and remained in that comatose condition until she passed into the spirit world. That an escort of loved ones from behind the veil accompanied her to the place prepared, we who know her cannot doubt. O. for one glimpse of her beautiful face, one gentle clasp of her tender, sympathetic hands, one loving embrace, but that is not possible until we uieet in the great hereafter. The funeral services and other reminiscences will be published in the next issue of the Exponent. BIOGRAPHICAL. Zina Diantha Huntington was born January 31, 182 1, in Watertown, Jefferson County, New York. Her parents were William and Diantha (Baker) Huntington. The Huntingtons and the Bakers are both old New England families, so that Sister Zina was, like many other early members of the Church, purely New England origin. Her father was a patriot and fought in the war of 18 1 2, and her grandfather, William Huntington was a Revolutionary soldier, and Samuel Huntington, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, was his The genealogical record reads uncle. "Simon Huntington, Puritan immigrant, sailed for America in 1633. He died at sea, but left three sons and his widow Mar- garet." The church records of Roxbury, Mass., contain the earliest records of the Huntington name known in New England, and is in the handwriting of the Rev. John Elliot himself, the pastor of that ancient church. "Margaret Huntington (widow) came in 1833, her husband died by the way of small pox; she brought children with her." Wm. Huntington, grandfather of Aunt Zina, married Presendia Lathrop, and the Lath-rop'too, were of the old New England families. The Huntington's embraced the Gospel in Watertown, New York, and their daughter, Zina, was baptized by Patriarch Hyrum Smith, August 14, 1835, and soon after the family moved to Kirtland. The same year Sister Zina received the gift of tongues; and it was also in Kirtland she received the gift of interpretation, and no woman in all Israel ever had that gift more perfect, as thousands can testify. Her spiritual faculties were very highly devel- s, 