WOMAN'S EXPONENT. SANTA CLAUS ON A PULLMAN CAR. ; Year's Eve, but let mcte'd happened, strange but trne, t ler.sj m a ll yinv; trai n ,.y Sjv1 the darkness thrpu";;h. N v v v:" '." '!',', 'V.".; V-- i ;: -- l! ! . r.'i.nd- - the Iieait Mill all aglow. '- 3 - t ' a-!!- , T!;- early moni waked the little lad, u ho were there but smiled see the happiness love had wrought thc soldier's stranger-chilAnd the stern man When he asked his name-Founsu iden joy and tears, N'r the little one was his brother's child, Brothers, parted for years, v " . i'r . ' ' ! d ' ; Arid lie clasped him then in his strong arms,. And the stern h. away. And he cried: "'This is my Christmas gift !. tgra;idji's"t.day !" She looked. at the gifts and paler grew-- 1 ( ), Teddy, why did you so !" ok-iles- l g'-V- There. sat another, but stern of look, V..:s. oald tell no thought had he ahead, br a happy past (); ..!;-ai- the Cm tree; .scowled o'er columns loj:. and Manned '(,; ri.se. anil fall .xmarket's in With n.'w and then impatient saiifs. I - drawn, tnnihied ighs. o; i'.e:'":v inm sat,. a mother pale And a ivstkss ioy of lour, V':, lu. lied in his seat and upon his kikes r o-- AN ALLEGORY v.i anv'boys '."v. .' like me?" he asked. he answered, su! lily. 'Vlavhe you've got little girls. guess ?" -h'v, don't bother me." I; .L he l uuid not read, for the restless boy ':;: spared out, in his mother's ear -- till - but that "I :;, poor man - " and don't talk, my dear." 1 .t -- awhile, then his head turned back .s a bird in its cage will do; leaned uYr fn Ad earnestlv. slipped around,., ' am so sorry lor you; i! V v go.i;!g to grandpa's to live; iipa is dead, ahf "ou see ad mania's got; ;unt you sorry, M;::er, for mama and mer" He I -- wdiat answer lh;t : The 'stern man might ha've made, Fr some one called "Just look outside !" Ail the earth in vhite was laid. The pale young mother rose with her boy It was tune tor him to sleep, hut knew she longed to be alone 1 ller burning tears to weep. . stand on the narrow strip of land called The Present, between the great Ocean of the Past and the mighty Sea of the Future. Behind me the circling waves stretch backward into the fading distance of the unBefore me the ripples break at my known. feel, casting here and there a" pebble or a sparkling shell from the Eternal Shores. There are great ships on the ocean behind me, all sailing into my port of the Present; some bear the name of Science, some of Learning and some of Art; in most there is the sound ot pleasure and the incense of selfish thought. How few there be that fly the pennon of peace, and fewer still that tl?e Figure on the carry at their mast-heaCross. They are laden with riches and brightened with gold; but down, below the decks, there are sighs and tears and helpless The creatures with no staff to lean upon. Captains boast of Honor and parade their Virtues. I called these virtues up and mine eyes; passed them 'in review before Honesty led them, and Truth, which was There followed after. only Half-Trutpaced Sympathy and Benevolence; Mercy and Justice were there, yet all looked somewhat queer, as if the face or vesture were I looked so carefully for Chastity; awry and anon she came, but she bore a name in One half her forehead, and I wondered And then I knew of her was paralyzed! what had changed the others, for she was mother of them all; each had inherited a not their warped form, and Integrity wa Yet looking back into the mighty father bore better Truitage past, I saw theships I than they did a thousand years ago, and I 1 ii.ii KoN, i). - and o'er the stern man la silence, bat so deep and hn i e r.:.:m looked up to .see cinii-bface and uuiideiing eyes, A 1. i.e.. earnest as, ees could he. L.M.rvcd "Whv Santa Clans didn't know where I'd gsj,ne, And Lwautctfrhim to know." 7 "Cioodbve !" spoke many a smiling one, As they parted from the train; Hut grandpa's house was tilled with joy Lor the dear ones home again. Al iU JoVl i: Ckoi'lll Lrda, Tooele t..- Ttah, Dec, t d h, hut 'twas not long ere the little hands StIc gently, and there outside To tiic curtain's fringes, in. open view, Hi's he tied. A::-O, what a look and startled thought S'.) ne out in every face;' some cynic said: "A Pullman car l or ( fnt's a poor kind of place." little-stockin- ! , , I h;L a woman answered: "I don't ! know" And she opened her satchel wide, landies and cakes and a pretty knife 'he laid them side by side; And as the impulse ran-throug- Lach took a sudden joy hi the car giving out from the gifts they bore the. widowed mother's boy. .1 o i lie stenrraan folded a golden coin 1 1 Their color, and looks "the same' 'Hie little : stocking'never could hold The gifts of women and men; But silken handkerchiefs came forth And did a duty then; had passed all through the train 'And passengers came in, ' with smiles and gifts. to see the sight,;. v : 7 lll strnrgtrs ten. 1 , n - ' -- Susa Young Gatks. RELIEF SOCIETY" ANNUAL REPORTS. The time has come for annual reports and it is important that reports be sent in as soon as possible after the close of 1900. It is. not only necessary to have Stake reports, but wherever a Relief Society has been organized outside Stakes, whether in the United States, British Empire, Scandinavia, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, the islands of the sea, reports for' the year 1900, from January ! to December 31, are expected at headquarters E. B. 'Wells, General Secretary. on .December 19, bought a residence site in Colorado Springs, His and will build a house there at once. daughters who have been spending a year in Colorado for their health, propose to make the State their permanent home. May they, vote at many mors presidential elections. Ex. Secretary Long . beautiful specimens of Utah-growThere were silk handsilk. e Tabernacle kerchiefs with pictures Utah .'had some n' of-th- ' ! Utah-wome- "(h'd bless the child,, he has waked to life Memories that seemed dead. must hear his little voice again. would like to know his name, W long ago, I havd. known such eyes The word ! and Assembly Hall in the corners, netted silk scarfs, and lovely soft skeins of ray silk in the jubilee colors, yellow, red and . ' green. Tliere were Navajo blankets made Before me lay a shell, with pink and deliof them worth I put it to mine .ear and expressly for the Bazar, one cate tracery. dollars; Navajo rugs (the listened! Iheard the swift rush of softly a hundredordered them from an Indian clamor of the sweet the and feet,' flying a word woman in San Juan wTho makes them;) fine 'Twas only multitude. angelic blankets from the Provo and Beaver mills here and there that I caught, but in that by Culmer and Ottinger, samples echo came insistently, the sound, (lho, the picturesand' salt, photographs of magnificent to meet of gold out ye cometh, go Bridegroom scenery and of groups of Indians. Him " Ancl ever and anon repeated, "He: Western And I looked There were Mrs. Emmeliue B. Wells's cometh cometh quickly !" volumes of the Young so eagerly at my lamp, which burned .dim poems, three, Woman's Journal, published in Salt Lake and pale. The heartache of it . And then The Woiiderland of the Wild VesV the Waves threw at my feet a smooth, City," "0 li2r book s . Z. 7 and it took cupped and up white pebble,J was-cheere- and softy said: "7frr-pitje- it in my hand. And their I saw a? if in a vision: a struggling, serious people, led. by a white-haireman; and I saw his'heart and it was pure like unto gold, and' his eyes were .clear With the visions of Kteruity' And he put out his hand, and the people With pne purarose; here and there one. from the north, the smith, pose they came and from the vvest they came, yet they were And few; the choice ones of that People With fearless they journeyed Kastward. feet they walked among the plague-smittepeople of the world, and in the deserted cities they tarried as they ; would. They a tents their pitched upon mighty river, and there grew upon its banks n great city, Over it rested a cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night. And I looked for the venerable Leader. He was there, but he had been translated. And he talked with One,' a glorious, beautiful Man in form, whose- matchless beauty and whose kingly mien, proclaimed Him King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Yet he walked and talked with the people. I tried to get auear Hfm in the ' vision, for He won my whole, heart's devotion, but he turned His dazzling countenance towards me, and I dropped the pebble to cover my face with my hand, for I could not bear the effulgence. The pebble was gone, the waves had washed it away, and I stood as before, alone on the sands of the Present, with the Oceau of the Past behind me and the Sea of the Future rippling at my feet. d - . .iu To ram tonight; 'twill be fame like Christinas tin e tliere covered with snow." tild 'man laughed and a smile c::t l - Sweeter than words could "1 think the into-sm,- that'em-iai- fell. na re love's and pitv's oiTering, 1 a ti bild mibt liy, we mth and light. va in the there ':,'A war. spke W.iUinv.e "' ; Jkh-a- .. hik- - 1 ' - . , i " ' - ChrM'inas Lvenjon the train . .veil as incrowded town, noaedi the windows we could see he drenching rair; conn; down. j, Uy was it that raeh one would pause To Kg the si. ,:pcr's breath 'J'ik- little o:;v around whok- lot Love rosV in shades of death? And if a sih. or oit a tear. Vv J. ! r - - 