WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 38 earthly life of our Chief Magistrate, President William McKinley, and as a token of the respect and esteem in which he was And I sugheld by us as a community. be services in the foreheld these that gest noon at eleven o'clock. . Lorenzo Snow, President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Salt Lake City, Utah, Sep. 16, 1901. A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY. THE NATION IN MOURNING. The telegram received in this city of the shocking tragedy that had just occurred plunged the whole commun'ty into deep sorrow and mourning. In fact the news seemed to be overwhelming. "Buffalo, September 6. President McKinley was shot twice in the stomach here this afternoon at the Temple of Music. His condition is serious. Two shots took effect in the stomach. He is now at the hospital in the grounds. He was shot by a stranger. "The President is fatally wounded. He was shot in front of the Ethnology building while on his way to the Temple of Music. "The President is fatally hurt. One shot passed through his left breast and another entered the abdomen. "The President was shot by a well dressed man with whom he was shaking hands. As the man approached the President it is said he had the revolver covered with a handkerchief and as he reached out his hand to shake the President's hand he fired. Later the bullet, which had lodged against the breast bone was extracted. The President was resting easy afterwards.." The first bulletins issued by the physicians were not of a hopeful nature, yet the people gradually hoped and prayed and waited for further particulars, many believing that from the news received the wounds would not prove fatal and the fatality of the dreadful castastrophe might be averted. That a mau so strong and vigorous as the President might pull through; day after day the people anxiously looked forward to more assuring inTeletelligence, and at length it came. grams containing assurances from attending physicians announced that the President was out of danger, and the people were rejoicing that his precious life had been saved to serve his country longer, when the astounding information spread 'ike wild fire that there was no hope. Mrs. McKinley had borne up bravely from the first, and was buoyed up later by the encouraging reports of the physicians. It was feared that when she learned the certainty that the end was not far off, she would break down altogether, but as our Father tempers the wind to the shorn lamb, so He in His infinite mercy gave to the sorrowing wife grace equal to the trying hour. There are no words to express the feeling and sympathy of the people during the terrible struggle for life through which President McKinley passed after the fatal occurrence, and the hero of battles showed in this fiery ordeal the greatest magnimin-it- y of soul; and when at last he bade his loved ones fa Jewell his words were characteristic of the divinity that made him great among men. "Good bye all, good bye, it is God's way, His will be done." The heart of the natict is bowed in Pan-Americ- grief and in mourning, and prayers from the many thousands are being offered continuously to heaven for the immediate friends, that they may have strength and courage to pass through the crucial ordeal. Just one week from the time of the tragedy this great, good and wise man fell asleep, to wake no more until the resurrection morn. In the full strength of his mature manhood, in all the vigor of life, he was stricken down by a cowardly assassin, an enemy, not to the President himself, but to the institutions and governThree times ment that he represented. now has the nation been thus stricken. God grant this to be the last such foul murder. The strong and forceful address made by the President at the Exposition the day previous to the terrible tragedy, his farewell words to the American people were strikingly in keeping with his broad and liberal views, and should be handed down to the schools and colleges as representee of the noble President who died a martyr to his country, the land he loved, the cause of freedom, that lay near his great and noble heart, that beat loyally for the people who had elected him to the highest post of honor in the gift of a free people. Much as the nation deplores the calamity that has overtaken it, there is no time to sit and mourn, but be up and doing, to stamp out iniquity, to put down anarchy and discountenance all that tends to disloyalty and disunion, and if possible prevent any overt act that strikes at the government of the nation, or its authorized representatives elected by the people. The Constitution should be considered sacred and all laws made in conformity thereto. A good man has gone, a great man has fallen, the people mourn but they must also strive to carry out the measures and policy that will preserve the country, so famed for true liberty from all invaders from foes without and foes within. THE NATION MOURNS. The Presidents remains lay in state at Milburn House until Monday morning, September 16, when his silent form was borne away to the national capital in solemn and impressive state. Mrs. McKinley and the other members of the family had entered their car half an hour before the body arrived. The journey down in the carriage from the windows of which she could see the emblems of mourning, affected Mrs. McKinley seriously, and when she stepped from the carriage assisted by Dr. Rixey and Abner McKinley, her limbs failed her and she would have fallen, but for the support accorded her. She entered the station and was assisted into the car in which she and the dead President had made the trip into the city of his death. On the car her relatives took charge of her and Dr. Rixey gave her a tonic. Dr. Rixey thinks she will be able to go through with the state ceremonial at Washington, but the change of arrangements so that the body shall leave Washington Tuesday night, was made so as to avoid too great a strain. "She will be. better in Canton, than any place else," said Dr. Rixey. The train that bore the President from Buffalo was a solid Pullman of seven cars drawn by two locomotives. Fifteen minutes before the train was scheduled to leave an engine sped out through the yards with orders to precede the train by fifteen minu . tes and keep the track clear. The train was under the general charge of George W. Boyd, assistant general passenger agent , ! j Assistant Trainof the Pennsylvania. master D. M. Kinney was in direct charge. Conductor Johnson, who came here in President McKinley 's train from Canton, was the Pullman Conductor. Engineer Edwards was in charge of one engine and The train Frank Bishop of the other. crews was made up of picked men in the Pennsylvania and Pullman companies. Behind the engines were the drawing room cars Raleigh and Belgrade, both devoted to members of the press. Next came the dining car Waldorf, the car Naples, intended for Senators, and the Hungary, for President Rcosevelt and the cabinet. Next to the rear car was the Olympia, occupied by Mrs. McKinley, and last of all was the observation car Pacific, in which the body rested. The casket was placed between the windows on the observation car, where it could be seen by the people as the train went by. Crepe was draped from the two locomotives, and from the rear of the observation car and the railings of the car were shrouded in crepe. The only relief was in two tiny pilot flags of white on the leading locomotive. The station was absolutely clear. The funeral train bearing the bod3r of the martyred President started on its journey to the national capitol at 8:34 September 16. Only the engines and observation car were shrouded in black. The other cars were unadorned. Behind the drawn blinds were Mrs. McKinley, President Roosevelt, the cabinet and other high dignitaries of the government. The casket of the President, comcovered with a beautiful silk flag, pletely on a raised bier in the observation car. lay Two sheaves of wheat were crossed above the breast. A white dove with wings seemed to be raising from the head of the casket. It was part of an exquisite floral piece, in which red and white buds pictured the American flag and the French colors, a tribute from a Franco-America- n out-stretche- d society. Standing at the foot of the casket was a soldier of theUnhed States arms, uniformed and accoutred with a gun at "order arms." At the he?d a sailor of the navy stood at The lid "attention," cutlass at shoulder. of the casket was closed. Just off from the apartment in a curtained niche, Lieut. Ebroule, of the army, and Lieut Hamlin, of the navy, remained on duty, while Col. Bingham was in general charge of the car. The other apartment of the car was for the moment a barrack, guns stacked in the sections, cutlasses on the seat, and the reserve of soldiers and sailors awaiting their detail at the bar of the dead chief. Two narrow, overhanging viaducts under which the train passed as it drew slowty out of the station, bent beneath the The winweight of crowded humanity. dows and roofs of the houses and the roofs of the cars in the yards, were black with people all uncovered. When the train had cleared the city, the people, were still standing at the crossroads and in the fields. It ran literally two lines of people. Farmers from the surrounding country had driven through the dark Lours of the night to be at the side of the track, where they could pay their lart tribute of respect. At East the first town through which the Autora, be-twe- et 