in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Poiver to better - 77- SALT LAKH CITY, 'Vol. 29 (JihmI Oucen Victoria. . . IMitov 'fhf ;jyut-anK. A. S. (J'r.it in Small Things., -. l.'r?v Se:ni:Mmhlv Mcctin- .C. S. Williams n:i YV.!t:rv 'i !; in St. George Stake.- C - ""A Tri'ote X:f a::i ' tt Lvyi WVrd uf K. S. and Uw r. A. aivl Greeting..-.- V. 73 75 77 Kcprts. 7 J. X. Vvu-- S 7 ake-...- .- t Sonic lla'pening;')f,the Now Year 1ij.ki euti'Vi. . .' Wtior.al Live Slock Ci; The New Century. poMi V "'.(, 71 : . Hal! Dr.licatcl...... X,..v 15. News, (.::::arv u::cMa S K, 73 73 . . J . 76 77 Hartswick 73 Sc it '1 ? 5 15 'oct.......'?'.... shall ri;, n of liic Tiic morning tli v iir (lawn steps fnm t!ie, skies ' ljo:i the hills of earth When in the dim. gray Ea biilh--Whe- waiting nations breathless stand Oppressed with haunting fears, S!:.u! )i what thou holde-- t in Jhy' hand, Thuti coajing Hundred Years. "Or sliall a lad world welcome thee Willi laughter and a s.m; '1 ::i unl.Ain child of Destiny ? hose reign shall be so long - we Yh knows only know that thou Shalt enter like a king thy courts,- - that TrcTaust bow, VIiaterer tUoudost bring ! 1 What matter whether war or peace Thv heralds shall proclaim' l:.-t- 01 or I'.'.-- i cclurie:,' Is evermore the same 'Iliy children-year- s ! shall tell abroad, .Through all thy mighty- span. Naught but the Fatherhood of God--- The Brotherhood of Man. . - IlAKlSWlCK. J IN ME The death of Queen Victoria has caused not only sincere sorrow and deep and heartfelt mourning in Great Britain, but there is a universal feeling in all the civilized world that the greatest sovereign of her time has departed. In fact she is spoken of as the greatest without making comparisons. Not only queen of Great Britain and Ireland, and colonies attached thereto, but Empress of India. Her life reads like a fable almost, so grand have been her virtues and so numerous the honors that have come to her So magnificently has unsought by herself. she reigned that it has been hard for those who envied her (and indeed they were few) ; d d. - , ; -- Arch-Bisho- p Lord-Mayo- half-mas- t, - ' land. When the Pope received the news "of the Queen's death, he dropped on his knees to pray, remaining several minutes in that attitude. He gave orders that in all the churches followprayers for her majesty be offered the ing day. Editor. . GREAT IN SMALL THINGS. HOW TO FORGIVE. "Keep the picture of Christ being crucified before you, remember these. words "Father forgive tbern, for they know not what they do," or if you have been injured, you know-thaare happier than they who have you monarch." dead wronged you, for it is better to suffer wrong than to do wrong. If you were with the circumstances that inIn the throne room at the St James palace acquainted duced this person to" do wrong; you woirid a gathering of great men, cabinet ministers, undoubtedly say, "I am afraid that I could oress commoners, Bishops, Judges, the not have done so well had I been in his etc., including the Duke of York, Tender him' your sympathy and the Duke of Conn'aught and lesser members, place." ord be thankful that you are stronger-minde- d of the royal, family, Lorcl Salisbury, of and" able to combat with temptation better Duke the. A.Balfour, J. Rosebury,. than he or she, or you have received the Devonshire, Lord Strathcona and Mount-Royof the Gospel, which he has not. and prominent personage's to see the light him to Criticising and' finding fault will have its formal oath', the binding take king effect. When you meet that person again, govern the kingdom according to law and whom you have spoken ' against, there is a of customs, and hear him assume the title or leniency, Britain and, feeling of dislike, not love of Great VII. Edward King which we should have had. , Ireland and Emperor of India. The cerealt our with Weare all God's children, The Duke to was precedent. according mony the faults and failings, and very liable to yield of of Devonshire,, we are not able to do a If to of temptation. death the communicated Council, formallv can we not ,do good in little work, of her great succession the 'Victoria an( Queen leniency one with having always things? ; ales. of W son, the Prince the good from a person's selecting ad another, Lord Halsbury, The Lord Chancellor, - - . Lord-Preside- , . nt . ; 17 ministered the' oath to the king, afterwards To the various members of the Council, commencing' with the Lords in Council, took the oath of allegiance and passed in turn before his majesty, as at a levee, excepting that each paused and kissed the king's- hand before passing out." The King was lustily cheered as he drove to Marlborough House, the crowd was immense. Opposite, the house gates a tall gentleman raised his hat and shouted "Long live the king," when the crowd cheered more The king wore a military loudly than ever. uniform at the ceremonies and his speech was brief and extemporaneous. The, proclamation of the accession of His Majesty was signed by the princes present, first Duke of York, the Duke of Connaught, the Duke of Cambridge, Prince Christian, of Canterbury, the Lord the r and the other Chancellor, the representatives of the city of London. At 4:30 p. m. the artillery began firing salutes in St. James park to signalize King Edward's accession to the throne. There were many other public testimonials of this royal event. The sympathy of all nations with the people of Great Britain in the death of their Queen is very apparent by the marks of public respect and reverence, business suspended and flags at telegrams from all nationalities announce the fact, of the love, in which she was held and eulogies of her goodness and popularity- fill the papers of every al or 's family the earnest sympathy and condolence of the city o. London in your great sorrow." The queen is said to have bade farewell in a feeble monosyllable to her family assembled at her bedside armid-- ay. She' first recognizee! 'the Prince of Wales to whom she spoke a fw words of great moment; then & . 1 - nformed Lord-Mayor- nouncing the nations great loss I have received with profound distress and grief, and have communicated this most sad intimation to my fellow citizens.' Her majesty's name and" memory will forever live in the hearts of her people. "May respectfully convey to your royal highness and to all members of the royal Nbivi6 1, 1901. Lord-Mayo- r, ' reading public are everywhere that her death occurred at Osborne House, on the Isle of Wight, January 22, 6:30 a. m. The Prince of Wales dispatch to the of London reads: "My beloved mother has just passed away surrounded by her children andrandchildren. (Signed) Albert Edward. ' The reply was. "Your. Imperial Highness' telegram an Lord-May- 15cc FEBRUARY . . The Home, the Slate, and the Nation, . any grounds of complaint either in her public or private life, and her narne'will go down through the ages as the gobdy pure and true Queen Victoria. This is the more remarkable when one considers how; very long her reign has been, longer, than any other king or .queen who has sat upon the . JA N U A UY half-maste- to find - 1, of parliament. London has donned a garb of mourning from end to' end and an early hour found a thick fog enveloping the city like a pall, a fitting accompaniment of the funeral apparel of every one. Throughout the west' end drawn blinds are the order of the day, while on all the embassies, government offices and The public buildings the flags are law courts, the stock exchange and all the produce and metal exchanges throughout the country .only "assemble to cl6se immediately after the presiding officers had addressed to the members a few words of tribute to the THE GREAT AND GOOD QUEEN VICTORIA. British throne. 1 1 . '" TA Kmperor Williau and the others present filed All past and heard a whispered good bye. those in the. bedroom were in tears. .might and will undoubtedly be written of this celebrated sovereign and most excellent woman; but nevertheless iii a great kingdom like the British Empire order must be preserved, and therefore another monarch, even though he be bowed in grief, must be proclaimed, and the regular routine observed. "London, January 23, p. m. tne King 'Emperor entered his capital at 12:55 and proceeded to Marlborough House where at the meeting of the privy council the king took the title of EdwartOVI king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and . emperor of India. council at Sr. A'.tefirst the priVy , attending James palace, at 2 p. m., when a decision will be reached regarding the public proclamation of his accession, which, it is expected, will be read tomorrow at 10 a. m., his majesty will proceed to the house of lords for the meeting THE NEW CENTURY. ( "U the: ' t 