77? i?z(? in the Hands o) the Women of Utah should '"CONTENT. ....K. Celebrations, March 17, ieoi . 91 Society...... S. Reports. J. C. . o3 M ( Salt Lake Stake C. S. Williams '. In and About Washington Editorial Notes 1 gs MargaretA. Caine 96 'Silk Notice 1 92 , In Memoriam Ii Crumbling. 92 93 .; L. M. H; . . 89 S. E. Moench' 91 Birthday Poem CRUMBLING. r that lofty frieze and architrave O'er western desert fanes ? And who the sum Of untold years have named of hall and nave, In crumbling ruin ? Time is silent, dumb. Who planned and placed almighty JoveorThor, The thousand pillar'd temple of the East ? And ere its waning what bokl idolator I)id worship there, of who did hold his feast? d sea. Where by Stalla's The Sister Cities doomed for ages dire-L- ost Herculaneum and Pompeii? Who reared . r- O'envhelmed by wild Vesuvius stormy ire Where now Minerva's far-fam- - Parthenon, ed ? Where grand, unrivaled Thebes md Tentyra, And their divinities all o'er the plain Crushed 'neath the wheels of Time's engulfing car ! their gods to earth again. What famed'Palmyra?. 'Tisthe wild beast's lair ! Voluptuous Ninevah, so vast and brave? The Ephesian City and strange "Temple" there? The hooting owl sits brooding o'er their grave What Babylon? that fain would heaven amaze ? With .Babel's tower, her walls and brazen bars ? The lion's whelps cry thro' her lonely ways, here the enraptured Chaldee worshiped stars What now thy once proud cities, Palestine ? The ploughshare brightens o'er their crumbling walls. The olive waves above the Christian's shrine, His temples, palaces and halls ! Crumbling to dust is Petra's rock wrought tomb And Baulbec's temple "sacred to the sun !" is "Mennon" wasting to its doom; , Earth once again, Rome's monuments have won. . All crumbling with ! ! ! . glory and their fameThy sculptures rare, Palenque and Copan; The dream of ages now but dust to scan. Great London, thou renowned of alLthe world Thy banners floating over every nave: Are they invulnerable when unfurledx 'Gainst old Nemesis' Time, and canst thou save ? Will ghostly shades flit thro' each silent street, Where he has reaped his human harvest here? As now within thy famed crowned abbey west, The weird spectres sound each mouldering bier. Man hath his monuments; nations, cities; states, Their centuries; to all the same as naught, Threads' spun, are wrought and severed by the - Crumblingjhe-Astec- s . To beTespun again and still rewrought. Man's monuments are Meeting shapes of airv mists soon frlinc- to decav. - fame-L- ike . God's SHU emrliirino- cfill rpnwinc flame. starrv wnrlrte and ever shininer way. - ' icfcri. new-bor- n L..M. H. I came "Without my own consent but .with my " But Joseph Smith, the prophet of this consented dispensation, has told us that we to come, to leave the glorious mansions on high and take upon us mortality. Joseph loved I would Icould telPyouhow little children, and to me this trait in his' character is another proof, and a strong one Jesus loved of the divinity of his mission. little children and he taught the people that unless they could become like unto a little child, they could in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven. hp born here or there, in a or in the open air ot -cottage or in a palace, .Z A i. .1 1 ti .trip heaven, or upon me great, wmc TM,a KoKa rrmv v" blood of the generations before it is in its veins; it is a part of the great human life,' ;is but its destiny even to those arotind itand born babe unknown for tft the little, country of its reared n childhood far forefathers, finds in its riper age a home childish far from the, land of its . birth and associations; and yet, methinks, almost to e al-Wa- of Mrs. Nation's Smashing saloons; Mrs, Elizabeth Cady Stanton entirely approves of it; and the opponents of equal suffrage are as much divided in opinion as the Miss Anthony entirely disapproves " ' We may say the babe is the same whether snow-cla- d born in sunny Italy or among-t- he hills of Norway, or in any other dime or any other country, and so it is apparently at its birth, but its growth, and development reveals to the acute observer physically and spiritually,, or, if we may use the term", intellectually, in various phases almost intangible, yet unmistakable tokens of its birthplace and early environments, as well as its race and parentage I fear I diverge far from my subject, like the preacher who takes a. text for his discourse, yet wanders hither and thither and never touches it. However, one must in- if in so vast a field of deed be narrow-mindebeauty and of variety as that of a child of nature, one does, not wander about somewhat at random for there are no bounds to childhood's realm, no heights too lofty for its thought, no flights of fancy too ethereal for its imagination. It stretches out its arms at first to grasp whatever it may seize upon; it tries its strength of limb in many ways; it begins to inciuire first with its eyes; it asks for love, for endearments, and when the can lisp but simple words how soon we find it longs for knowledge, of itself, the home, the little things that surround its daily life. The bird that sings or chirps at the window, the flower that grows within or without the domicile or yard where it has strayed or beenjaken, the cat, the dog or other household pets, any and all the little living trifles that make up the suni of the daily life of the home. The love that is born in the child's nature, if cherished and fostered, is a marvelous gift, and ought never to be checked, lest the natural tendency of its life become artificial or, we are apt to say, "soured." The child cannot have too much love, it is indeed possible it may have too much attention and too much indulgence, but that beis not true love. It is,hovever, my own lief parents often control or govern tod much (though neither of these are good terms to use in this connection.). They do not study child.life from the child's stand and more point, but from their own older matured views of life. I may be treading now on dangerous ground, but whatever I cermy faults in dealing, with children, It tainly would never advise severity.in the assuredly crowds out the beautiful child's life and ihakes the little one more or less unhappy, without producing the desired erlect of willing submission to authority, that is beyond its comprehension. h Happily for the children of this genera-fitii rnd has erone out of fashion; we have indeed fallen upon better times and the chances are alP on the side of 3rlips j woe 21 & d wildest wish I go, c For I would fainly be the same I was ere born, to in-th- Are January, . , ! " far short of my own ideal, babe is the fairest, sweetest The flower of Paradise, and when the .mother clasps it to her breast it is the supreme moment of her existence. No other earthly joycan possibly compare with the ecstacy of All pain, all suffering, howmotherhood. ever great, is 'forgotten in that new life of hers the gift of God, the symbol of His God love for woman, say what" you will. so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, but He gave Him through the woman, Mary, the mother of Jesus Holy Motherhood ! greatest and best of all gifts to womankind We behold the child ! Who is it ? What is it? It is curiously' and wonderfully made; it surpasses our understanding. There "are no words to convey the idea of the mother; love. It is God's child still, and it is its mothers; the spirit of theEteruai animates it, and it is endowed from on high wijth understanding in embryo; it smiles, it cries, it opens its eyes upon the new world into which it has come, and, perchance, it wonders why we none of us know, not even the mother who has borne it, and who claims it by a sort of divine right. Byron in his wonderful prayer said, ! ! "Athena's wonder" that enthralled the world ' Fallen to dust, its glowing beautv gone The Grecian's glory into ruin hurled ' A child of nature! What a sublime theme for the poet or the painter, but, alas for me who, am neither, and only a poor scribbler, it is indeed beyond my language to'ex press in words or sentiment this mighty subject. But because I fain would try to do each task allotted to me, however hard, I'll do my best tonight, even tho' I may fall very ! azure-mantle- . J - r.kiAi, Pii'mry Read before the Parent's class in the Academy ' 7, 1000, by Mrs. E. B. Wells, at Provo, Nov. ! A-- Wedding Cannon-Wille- y R. W. .89 JS. NOi 7 20 APRIETi, 1901. 15 & A CHILD OF NATURE. , ChiM of Nature. I). K. Power to better the Home, the Strife and the Nation SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH Vol. 29 A be a ys with something of its past clinging or it still, an inheritance s not of lands material possessions, but something innate and that manifests itself in habits tastes something difficult qualities, a mysterious ' r to analyze. : . . self-developm- If instead of inwe do not go'too far and get if we stead of a proper degree of modesty, child-litcan strike the happy medium in the then indeed jve may begirt Jo believe in the because coming of a higher race, learned how parents themselves will have nature of carefully to deal with the delicate into their these little precious plants, given are fresh from the garden of the gods. self-abaseme- self-conce- it e, c ' .' ., " 