WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ply to women everywhere and are worth quoting and considering: " Woman's work in art dates as far back as the first woman prehistoric man devoted his entire energies to hunting animals and destroying his neighbor. Prehistoric women in the privacy of the domestic cavern invented the arts of weaving and pottery, which first rudely supplied the needs of her housekeeping and later e the medium through which her awakening artistic sense could express be-cam- itself. Dr. Mason, of the Smithsonian Institution, finds that the savage women have had . a large share in creating the aesthetic arts. In painting, dyeing, molding, modelling, weaving and embalming in the origination first of geometric patterns and then of freehand drawing, savage women, prehistoric women, have won their title to the highest admiration. Modern woman as compared with her savage sister labors under the handicap of false ideals of art that have been created in the intervening centuries. It is humiliating to be told, and to be compelled to believe, that there are points in which we are inferior to prehistoric woman; but when our general ideas are as just as were those of our sisters of the primitive ages, we shall have attained a sincerity and simplicity of taste which will react favorably on the entire art world. Another lady affirmed that art took in the knitting of a stocking or the making of a loaf of bread, as well as the painting of a The picture or the modelling of a bust. as it her there that speaker gave opinion existed a far keener sense of the beautiful in girls than in boys. It is the girl who cares and craves for the flower garden; it is the boy who heedlessly tramps over it; it is the boy who stones the bird and crushes the butterfly; it is the girl who picks up the bright feathers or the butterfly's broken pinion and preserves it in her spelling book. In the tenement houses it is the woman who nurses the starving geranium in the window; who tries for some sort of decoration for her poor, plain life; who works to get a little cheap trimming for her baby's clothes; who catches time here and there to knit rude lace for her pillow cases; whoever saw a man of that class trying to ornament anything." The art of architecture was also discussed and woman in municipal art was another bianch of the art subject. The influence of women in municipal art, the speaker believed, had come through their general awakening of interest in civic life, and she believed a practical point had been gained by the admission of women to schools of architecture in England and America. Although the leading architects of great cities hold the rules and the pencil, the women of the municipality should urge the adoption of such forms of architecture as would tend to the highest adornment of the city. One lady in summing up her remarks said the whole art of life is to learn real things from shams; to learn how to strip the husks away and get at the kernel; how to absorb that kernel in our own lives; transform its energy by our own individuality in the expression of ourselves in terms of work and conduct. Recognizing the art of life as the supreme art, she made a plea for. escape from the bondage of material things with which we are threatened. The machinery of existence, food and shelter and clothes, are no longer humble ministering to our comfort, but have become tyrants over us. MRS. HARRINGTON'S PARTY. On Thursday, June 18, 1901, a very pleasant party was given, Mrs. Margaret Y. Taylor being the guest of honor, at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Leonora Taylor Harrington, who had spared no pains in decorating and in procuring good music for the occasion. The house was beautiful in every detail and the perfume of flowers inside and of the fruit blossoms outside, wafted in the open windows, was deIt was one of those delicious lightful. social events where the old friends meet and talk over the incidents of the past, recalling former festivities when the country was new and there were fewer luxuries. Brother Willie Clive played some of his finest selections and his little son, Clifford, who is a musical genius, gave us some exquisite strains on the violin, and two or three young ladies sang old fashioned songs in the very best stvle, and Mrs. Harrington and her coterie of young ladies waited upon the guests with fruit punch and lemonade and chatted merrily with the "Aunties," until dinner was announced and the numerous company seated at the tables. There were about fifty ladies and one or two of Mrs. Taylor's sons, the eldest son, Ebenezer, asked the blessing. Soon after President Joseph F. Smith arrived, he had been unavoidably delayed. After the dinner was over and the guests were seated in the parlors, the host, Brother Harrington, made a few remark in which he stated that it had been the intention of himself and wife to have their house dedicated and this seemed an appropriate time, and he then called upon President Joseph F. Smith to make the dedicatory prayer. President Smith responded and offered the prayei , which was also a blessing upon the family for their further prosperity and happiness, as well as the preservation of iheir family fiom all harm, evil and calamity. The evening was drawing near and the guests one by one departed with fervent good wishes and God bless the home and its inmates, fteling refreshed in spirit and gladdened by social interchange of thought and conversation. Mrs. Harrington may count her mother's party a social success and one the friends of her mother and herself will always remember with pleasure, and may she have many more such hospitable gatherings during her future life, and may her own life be as sweet and enjoyable as she sought, to make that day for her mother's friends; VISIT OF MRS. SE WALL. The anticipated visit of Mrs. May Wright Sewall to this city is a great pleasure to look forward to for those who have had the pleasure of knowing her. We feel sure that Mrs. Sewall will regret not being able to see President Zina D. H. Young, whom she met nearly nineteen years ago in Omaha at the suffrage convention. Ever since that time both Aunt Zina and the writer have talked of Mrs. Sewall visiting Salt Lake City, and of what we would do for her. President Taylor, President Woodruff and President George Q. Cannon 13 have each been interviewed on this subject, and she has so long delayed her coming that many whom we expected her to meet have gone from our midst, Sister Eliza R. Snow, Sarah M. Kimball, Elizabeth Howard, President Daniel H. Wells and many more, but we shall be proud to have her meet our venerable and beloved president, Lorenzo Snow, and we still have Sister Horne with us and Sister Jane S. Richards, both of whom she knows, and our dear Sister Bathsheba, whom she has not yet seen, with many younger women, who will be glad to see and hear the president of the Internatianal Council of Women. Mrs. Sewall is also famous as an educator and is familiar with educational methods and progress. Principal of a Girl's Classical School in Indianapolis, she has pupils from all parts of the United States under her care and training. Her home life is very sweet notwithstanding her numerous duties and engagements. She enjoys social functions and never neglects these duties if it is possible to keep up with the many calls upon her time. If it is possible for Mrs. Sewall to stay here long enough to see the best points of interest, and speak where all who desire to can hear her, it will be a great satisfaction to some of us who have been urging her to come to Salt Lake for years. EDITORIAL NOTES. Sister Lydia D. Alder returned from Europe in company with President Platte D. Lyman and others, after having filled a She has had some insuccessful mission. while laboring among teresting experiences the people in London and that vicinity. She will speak for herself through the Exponent, later cn. To us the missionary work of the sisters is exceedingly interesting. We are aware that in many instances our sisters can reach people, especially among their own sex, that would not listen to the Elders. Sister Alder is in good spirits and feeling well, except being a little fatigued from the journey. President Emma S. Woodruff, of the Granite Stake Relief Society, and a member of the General Board, left here about the middle of April on a mission to the Relief Society of the Southern Stakes of Zion. She traveled in company with Elder L. John Nuttall, who was visiting Sabbath Schools and attending S. S. conferences. Sister Woodruff visited Suowflake, St. John's, St. Joseph and Maricopa in Arizona, Juarez, Stakes and conferences at Diaz, in Mexico, then San Luis Stake She was absent two months in Colorado. and accomplished much good among the sisters in their organizations, speaking publicly and giving such instructions on all occasions as were suitable to the circumstances of the society wherever located. Sister Woodruff enjoyed her trip very much and although the journey was rather fatiguing she is very glad she was able to do this missionary work. We have had a pleasant call from Elder Wra. J. Snow and wife who have just returned from a mission in Brooklyn. Elder Snow was President of the Brooklyn conference in the Eastern States mission. He was set apart to labor early in May, and has been doing regular missionary work until called home on account of the serious Sister illness of hjs mother, at Pinto. 