21 WOMAN'S The young people passad the evening in games and such like outdoor amusements suited to midsummer eveThe grounds are almost ideal by nings. moonlight, and the effect of the pale light npon the water, beneath the lofty trees, and across the lawns, filled with boys and girls, was artistically picturesque, to those who were looking on. Of course there were congratulations in abundance and a few precious gifts in remembrance of the birthday, and there were, as a natural consequence, numerous Cannons and a few Wells' and some Silvers and Golds, and if not Fosters and as at Lochinvar's, there were Fosters ?nd McMurrins and Edwards and Grants and Youngs and Burns and Sears and other names renowned in history's pages, or no doubt if not in the past will be in the future. Fruit punch and lemonade were served during the evening by the little Misses Ann and Emmeline Cannon, and other refreshments, ice cream, cake, etc., by Misses Grace, Vera and Margaret Cannon out under the trees in the pale moonlight, The making a very pretty scene indeed. hours flew swiftly and it was soon near midnight, but the time had been spent merrily. wide-spreadin- well-trimm- continue to improve, and that she may have renewed strength and vigor and be able to accomplish all her heart desires in the great mission to which she has been called and set apart by the servants of God, to preside over the Relief Society of the Church in all the world. ed During the present year there has been much missionary visiting done by our sisters in the several Stakes of Zion. President Jane S. Richards, accompanied by Sister Emily S Richards, very recently attended the conference in Alpine Stake, where a change was made in the presidency, on account of the resignation, because of ill health, of Sister Jemima Durrant, who had been chosen to preside over the Relief Society of that Stake of Zion. Sister Rebecca Standring was chosen to fill the vacancy by unanimous vote of the Mus-grave- s, THOUGHTS ON MISSIONARY WORK. BY woman. Behold her, whether in individual or organized capacity, leading out in affairs of And with the others the Exponent extends congratulations and best wishes for many happy returns of the day, with high hopes and lofty aspirations for "Sweetie," as her own home folks love to call her. EDITORIAL NOTES. - - er In a letter recently received from Canada we learn of the good health and enjoyment of our beloved President, Sister Zina D. H. who is visiting there with her daughter and family, and we are sure all the Saints everywhere wish her health may Young, I.YDIA D. ALDER. The close of the Nineteenth Century, that had seen so much advancement, both in science and education, showed also to the world the great progress made by "How beautiful is youth, how bright it gleams With its illusions, aspirations, dreams, Book of beginnings, story without end, Each maid a heroine and each man afriend." Sisters Susan Grant and L- L- Greene Richards visited the Relief Society in Alberta Stake, Canada, and attended many meetings and the conferences held while they were there, and we trust their visit has been productive of much good to those among whom they labored in the interests of women's organizations. President Bathsheba W. Smith and S''.-tAnnie T. Hyde fttended the Davis Stake conference at Farmington on Thursday, July 25, and met there President Hess who has been ailing so long, and also Brother Ezra T. Clark,, who has been suffering seriously for several months. They Sister were delighted to see these sisters. Grant, too, had just returned from her trip to Canada. The conference was a very enjoyable one. We desire to call the attention of our readers to the Address of President Lorenzo Snow in this issue of the paper, and ask that it may be read at a meeting in each branch of the Relief Society. We are anx- ious that the members of the society and the public generally should know bow interested our honored President is in the work of this grand organization and in the effort being made by the Society to erect a building for its needs and purposes. EXPONENT both national and international interest. This century that saw so much light come into the world, from rush light to candle, then on until electiicity makes the night a veritable day, brought about a change in the condition of one half of the world's citizens, whether realized by them or not. From being either the plaything or the slave of man, not thought worthy of the higher education, if of any at all, see her side by side with him, in the schools or the colleges, oftimes carrying off the laurels, or standing at the head of the class, Behold her, too, as bread winner, avenues before unthought of open for her to enter in; nor is she longer dubbed "a blue stocking" if, perchance, her Heavenly Father has endowed her with the gift of expressing her thoughts on paper, either for the edification or the enlightenment of the human mind. From the seclusion to which in former times she was relegated, under the instruction that "if she would know anything she should ask her husband, (and no provision made in case she had none), behold her stepping on the platform, or into the putpit; the professor's chair, or the doctor's or lawyer's office; and the world gazing upon her gives her room and audience merely the new woman." She is now a recognized member of the body politic, an individual, a sovereign person, holding the franchise in her hand, to be used for the further advancement of her own sex, and the betterment, if not the regeneration of the world. In organizations she is a living, moving power, either engaged in philanthropic or literary work, in wielding the pen in defense of the home, her ,own sex or the nation. We learn to do by doing, and places that at the beginning of the century were thought unfit for woman or were beyond hei capacity, she filled with credit and grace, long before its close. For her to occupy the pulpit or speak on the principles advanced by Jesus of Nazer-eth- , was, in the early diys of that century, is I j as from days of old, thought to be a sacrilege; but at its close, behold many ordained ministers of the Gospel, both at hot? e and abroad, are women. We note the great change but do not enter into it enough to ask, "what has brought it about?" The believers in the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith know and bear witness in all the world of the reason. Why did more light come into the world in the Nineteenth century than all the others combined ? Because the heavens were opened and God spoke again to man; angels descended to earth direct from the throne of God, making know the will of the Father concerning the earth and His children; bringing the everlasting Gospel again, which he declared should be preached in power until the King of Kings should come to reign. This is the cause of the greater light which will continue to increase until all shall know God, from the greatest unto the least. While the world at large reject this prophet and his mission, yet all admit that great light has come to man, but attribute it to his own knowledge in science or discovery. Where did he get the knowledge, or who rewarded his efforts in the line of discovery ? Why did he not think of the fields explored during later years in the beginning of the century ? The reason is apparent. The heavens had not been opened then; it was not God's lime, consequently the flood of light had not descended. But the command had been given; the Church of Christ was to be established again, this time net to be thrown down or given to another people. A few years after these thrilling events had transpired another command was given. This time it. was God's daughters who had come in remembrance before him. He made it known that when the true Church was on the earth there was an organization of its women members. In accordance with these instructions a call was made, on all those who would, to gather themselves together and in future act as an organized body. This important meeting took place on the 17th of March, 1842, in the city of Nauvoo, State of Illinois. Nineteen sisters, were present. The prophet taught them parliamentary law and usage, giving instructions so far in advance of his day that they are .. not all carried out even now. , of to them the nature Having explained their calling, their duties and the blessings to follow that great event. He prophesied of the development and advancement to which women could in the future attain. This explains why woman has mads such rapid strides in the world's affairs; why she has been blessed to such a degree and with such glorious success. . The benefits were not restricted to those of our Church only. No ! God designed that all His daughters should share in them, should alike come from their former seclusion and shine as stars of a larger and greater magnitude, that should in turn again reflect and add to the brillance that As a was shining around their pathway. women of at note the position consequence the close of that wonderful century and the beginning of the Twentieth. God designated those who were to lead out in these new fields of woman's work, "Elect Ladies." In the scriptures they are spoken of in the same terms, . . 