WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 19 WHEN OLD FRIENDS MEET. Writ ten in honor of President Bathsheba W. Smith. When old friends meet together Who've journey'd along life's way In sunshine and stormy weather, There is always so much to say Of the past, and its memories too And the loved ones, whom once we knew. And tho we long for their presence, They will hot come back again; But we must not mourn their absence From this world of grief and pain, But think of the good they have clone And the glorious crown they've won. We remember Sister Eliza, Whose hymns we oft are singing, And the Mothers in Israel with her. Whose voices seem round us ringing; They seem to be with us ever When the old friends meet together. We think of Joseph and Hyrum Of (ieorge A. and of many more; lleber and Willard and Brighani, Who've reach' d the immortal shore We never forget them, never; Whenever the old friends gather. We loved the brethren and sisters Whose names we recall today, But we fondly cherish the others, Who are toiling along the way; And give each a friendly greeting At this happy place of meeting. Tho' lonely the path we're treading. There is much to brighten the way, If we do our Master's bidding, For we live in a glorious day. And the Lord is ever giving Rich blessings to those who're living. And tho' we have all had sorrow, We can wear a smiling face; Or need trouble about tomorrow, But with an obedient grace Bearing all in meek submission. Press forward to fill our mission. But we've gathered together here To honor this natal day Of a mother in Israel dear; One favored of God, we can say. And we greet our Reverend M other The old friends who're here together. We wish her a happy birthday, And years in the House of the Lord, With health and prosperity alway, And all that this earth can afford; And at last a glad welcome above, With a fulness of joy and of love. E, B. W. May 3, 1001. ! ! KANSAS RELIEF SOCIETY, Thursday, June 13, 1901. at 2:30 p. m., in the hall used by the Kansas city branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, the sisters of this branch and Sister Levinia Preator, of Independence, Mo., met according to appointment by the mission presidency to organize a Relief Society. The meeting was presided over by James G. Duffin, president of the Southwestern States mission, and the song entitled "Love at Home" was sung at the opening of the exercises. Elder D. O. Allen offered prayer, after which the song, "Beautiful Zion," was sung. President Duffin spoke at length on the object of the meeting and briefly referred to the history of this impoitant and beneficial organization. A number of the sisters present expressed themselves as being heartily in sympathy with the movement, and said that they were desirous of seeing a branch of the society in this section of the Lord's vineyard prosper and flourish. Sister Kstella A. Milligan, of Kansas City, Mo., was appointed as president of the society, with Sister Kate, Brown pf Kansas City, Kansas, and Louisa Preator, Independence, Mo., as first and second counselors, respectively. Sister Mary E. Smedley was appointed and sustained as secretary, with Sister Susan F. Pletts as assistant. Sister Milligan spoke of her brief experience in the work and expressed herself as being pleased with the expressions of the sisters who had voted to sustain her in her calling. After the organization had been perfected and the officers set apart, Elder B. C. Call spoke, referring to the organization as being one of an important nature, and one that would undoubtedly have historical interest as being the first organization of the kind in Jackson Co., the Center Stake of Zion. The first and the third Thursday of each month was the time set for holding meetings. Trusting our feeble efforts may result in good, and wishing the associations in the various Stakes of Zion success as a reward for their labors, we remain, Your sisters, Estella Milligan, Pres., Mary E. Smedley, Sec. AN INTERESTING REUNION. The Twelfth Ward Relief Society held their annual reunion in the meeting house on July 14, 1901, Mrs. Julia Druce presiding. The exercises commenced with singing. Opening prayer was then offered by Bishop H. B. Clawson, followed by the singing of that fine hymn, "The Spirit of God." Remarks were made by Sister Druce, explaining the object of the meeting and stating that the present presiding officers of the Twelth Ward Relief Society, Sister Julia Druce and her two counselors, Sisters Jemima R. Midgley and Eliza D. Hooper, had occupied this position twenty-twyears, since July 13, 1879. A vocal piece was then rendered by Miss Edith Midgley. This was followed by interesting remarks She by Sister Bathsheba W. Smith. spoke of the early organization of the Relief Society in Nauvoo by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Miss Ellen Tibbetts then gave a seriocomic reading, after which Sister Annie T. Hyde talked to those present in an instructive and entertaining manner upon Relief Society work. Miss Leone Wardrop gave a vocal seleco tion. Sister Maria W. Wilcox spoke interestingly on woman's work, and also made a few remarks on Temple work. Miss Claire Wilams sang a sacred piece and some remarks were then made, in a feeling manner, by Sister Mary Ellen Kim. ball. Bishop Hyrum B. Clawson spoke of the reverence he felt at this meeting, and mentioned that he was in Nauvoo when the first Relief Society was organized by the Prophet, although he was a boy at the time. He said that he was acquainted with Sisters B. W. Smith and Mary Ellen Kimball when they were young ladies, and seeing these sisters whom he had met in his boyhood, brought many recollections to his mind of the early days in the Church.. Sister Jemima R. Midgley spoke briefly and Brother George F. Brooks and James, M. Wardrop made some interesting remarks about the good work of the Relief Society. Sister Annie T. Hyde, by request, gave a short but interesting talk on the nurses' class. All enjoyed themselves and a good influence prevailed. The program ended with the singing of the Doxology, and benediction by Counselor James M. Wardrop. All then repaired to the vestry, and partook of light refreshments. The tables were presided over by Sisters Emma Derrick, and Alice Hardy, of the Relief Society assisted by some of the young sisters of the Y. L M. I. Association. The entertainment was one that will be remembered with pleasure by those who were present. Alice Hardy, Asst. Sec. R. S. REPORT. The spring conference of the National Relief Society of the Wasatch Stake of Zion convened in the Stake house at Heber on Monday, May 26, 1901, President Annie R. Duke presiding. Sisters Margaret A. Caine and Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, of Salt Lake, City were present as visitors. There were also in attendance a very fair representation of officers and members from the several wards of the Stake; also some representative brethren. The reports given by representatives of branches went to show that the members generally were interested in this branch of the work pertaining to the kingdom of God. The statistical and financial report was read, which showed that the organization was based upon a good foundation. Sister Caine gave some excellent advice on the observance of the laws of God as given for our guidance and testified that if we would live in accordance therewith our bodies would be healthy and our minds vigorous in comprehending the things of She also spoke of the the kingdom. of necessity doing all in their power to within the reach of the salvation bring and the dead, and upon the proper living and training of children so that teaching when they are old enough to understand the principles of truth they will be ready to accept them. Sister Shipp spoke on the objects of this organization and advised the sisters to cultivate love and charity one toAdvised the mothers of wards another. the necessity of teaching their children the Said it principles of virtue and honesty. should be their privilege to assist their husbands by counseling and advising with them iu raising their families, that as they grow to maturity they may be prepared to accept of and live in accordance with the glorious Gospel which we as Latter-daSaints believe. President Wm. H. Smart gave some excellent advice to the sisters and said he was greatly encouraged when he beheld their zeal and felt tbat they were determined to accept of the counsel given to them and continue to assist in bringing about that condition which is so desirable. President Annie R. Duke expressed the thought that this was one of the best ever held to her knowledge, and us to take home with us the spirit advised had that they " enjoyed ' Hannah Harbour, Ser, y con-ferenp- ea 