W.OMAN'S EXPONENT. OBITUARY. ; years, and was thankful for it. Sister ,Zina D. H. Young said she knew Again we are tailed to report the death of a be as well as His loved loved "daughters sister and friend, Sister Ann Methly Abel, .God that who dietl home in American Fork, January His sons, and she had never regretted that This house would not 7, Sister Abel was born he was a woman. June 27; i $2.4, in Sheffield, hold .the women of Zion if they knew what Yorkshire, Kngland. With her liusband and chtb ' dren she emigrated to Utah in i S63, and settled in was good for them. Fork, where she continued to residejniv Sister Smith bore her testimony. She American til her death. She was the mother of felt all should pray for those who preside five of 'whom survive her; also twenty-twi t naa oiessea ner grandchildren and three me juoru over us: saiditnow ii. She work. a to was and mother affectionate an a health. devotev wife, with perform Temple at and 'ready 'any Sister Hardy bore her testimony, also good friend, always willing and in or to sickness death, time, yr day night, Sister Julia C. Howe, who said God had hy her industry settinghely worthy of emuplanted a love of the Gospel in her heart. lation. She was a faithful and "energetic teacher in the Said she had felt she cculd never get over Relief Society, from its' first organization until the loss of her relatives, but now she felt about five years ago. when her health failed and tint where her treasures were, there her she very jeluctantly had to give up the work which Hoped we would all prove had been a labor of love with her. She was in heart is also'. Saint, and through all faithful t the end. very deed a true Latter-dadier'siekness and cheerful, her faith in Sister Martha Morris sang "O Jesus, the he ordinanceswasafpatient the Gospel never faltered. (liver," assisted by the congregation. KKSOI.U IONS OF KFSl'KCT. Sister Hannah Lapish spoke of a vision and Sisters Hannah she had received, W'tereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove our dear sister and take her to a higher Workman, Long, Gardner, Long, Wood-.warMartha Morris, Sister Shaw, and sphere, therefore be it Resolved, That we mourn her loss as a faithful several others whose names were not known worker in the cause of truth and that we desire to to the secretary, bore their testimonies. emulate her earnest labors; and be it- felt she said Sister Harriet Ann Badger Resolved, That we teiidcr oursvrnpathy to the felt she and was bereaved husband and children 'and pray our the spirit of God here, twenty-fiv- Meeting ojened e meeting." : . r in. ' -- . ? tii.i...ii. : -- - . -- ri. . Questions and answers on the first principles of the Gospel, by members of the 'Seventh Ward. Recitation about Jesus, by Klsa Knott of the same ward. Song by five little girls of the Seventeenth Ward. Sister Amanda Done told an interesting Thanksgiving story, Twentieth .Ward.' y I d, y - . e . -- Conference of the Relief Society of Bingham Stake was held at Louisville, February 9, 1901, commencing at 10 a. m., Presir dent 1 J. Bennett presiding. Sinking, "Up 'awajte ) e defenders of Zion." vPrayer was Sing-imoffered by President Jas. K. Steele. "Arise, my soul, arise." President E. J. Bennett expressed herself as being very pleased vyitli the attendance. Said her mind was ever with the sisters of - . r ' . y ''. nt hed by fames E. Daniels: After the closing exercises "the congregation adjourned to the Assembly j ally where a sumptuous dinner was in waiting, about In the four hundred partaking "thereof. evening a fine program was rendered. This completed tjie day, which will long be remembered by all. I Clar , That these resolutions be placed on our records, that a copy f the same be present to the family v, and also to the Exponent for publication.E. , Mary Skjnner, A. Peterson, , Mary " Mary J. Talley, .'11 uommiuee. - , Sec. R. V In "San Francisco the authorities have taken action ugainst' the slavery of Chineie and girls by arresting number of tie girls preparing to send those who have not certificates back to China, 1 a V emigrating to Utah under the care of the Elders in 1S67. The next year her husband and two of their sons emigrated to the vallevof' the mountains, where her husband labored to earn sufficient means to send back for his. wife- and their remaining child. In the year 1S70 they made their home in' Alpine, titan Co., where her husband departed The Trovo Third Ward Relief Society dedicated their new and beautiful hall on Friday, March 15, 1901, it being just one tins life in. 1S77. v In the year 1SS4 she moved to Arizona together year from the time of commencement until " with her children where she resided until the day the dedication. ' moo. her death, December The services were held at 2 p. m., Presi- vof Sister Latter-daSaint Poulsen was a faithful After and an active dent Eliza N. Taylor preoiding. member of the Relief Society of the Joseph Stake, and the first one singing by jthe ward choir and prayer was Graham ward, St. since the society was organized offered, short speeches were made bythe removed by death over seventeen years ago. president !of the ward society and her counselors, some of the Stake officers, also . ',. NiESOl.m IONS OF RESPECT. President the presidency of the Stake. theLord has called from our midst David John offered the dedicatory prayer, ourWhersas, beloved sister, A duet by John Johnson and Emma Knud-sen- . Resolved, that werecognize in her "death the W. F. Taylor, loss of a worthy member, and a good Latter-SaiThe Bishop of the ward, the respeet of alLV spoke in praise of the great ryorthy we sympathize withxher family in the loss That byvthe sisters, and a song was sung of a kind and affectionate mother. ,,. Emily 1 -- RELIEF SOCIETY HALL DEDICATED. worh-accom-"plis- -- . ' Woollky, showing how iiappiness can be derived from unselfishness. V Anothersong by four little girls of the Elelenth Ward. Recitation bv Wanda Lyon, of the Thirteenth '. Ward. Song by a number, of little girls of the Six- teenth Ward. President Cobb said she was pleased with the program and complimeutedl.ue children on their punctuality. Told them we would not have Sister Morris with us very long, as she had resigued her position as counselor , on account of ill health. in the Felt to ask the Lord to bless her, said it was by the blessing of the Lord that she herself was able to be with "us. as she had been very sick. Sister L. G. Richards7, cf the General said-shchildren and was Board, ...loved the . . . . I t pleased to be witn tnem. ASKeu mem 10 say God bless Sister Morris, also Sister Cobband Sister Felt, and prayed the Lord would bless the children. Meeting closed by singing "Around the throne of God." Benediction by Sister Julia C. Howe. Ella W. Hydk, Sec. Stake-Board- -- J. t" Recitation by of the Eleventh Ward. Margaret Taylor, of the Second Ward. Organ solo, by Kthel Reynolds, of the an-exampl- Heavenly Father to let the comforting influences thankful for the testimonies of so many. of His ' spirit rest ujwri them that they may Sister Annie T. Hyde said: ' It is a great realize holy that she has only gone before and is enjoySisters, let us ing the rest of the faithful and. will come forth to a pr'vilege to meet together, set an example before our children. Do glorious immortality and eternal life. And be it. . Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be not let us even play cards. I know a great placed on our record, one sent to the bereaved their Latter-daentertain Saints many family and one- to the Woman's Exponent for friends in card, playing, I believe it a publication. Committee in behalf of the Relief Society. device, of the evil one to lead us away. Let Eli.kn D. Clakkk, us remember every light word must be acEl.I.AIiKTlI McCaKTV. counted for. .ANK ANDERSON Counselor Stevenson thought the time had been profitably spent. We are told out Ane Anderson Poulsen, b6rn July 2r, 1S22, in us so let of the books we are to be judged, Fastrup, Denmark She was married to August to Alborg where not let the records be blanks. Exhorted all PouLsen in 1S30. They removed 1S5-and endured in they embraced the Gospel to overcome their timidity and all bear their much pefsecutien for the sake of the Gospel. Their testimonies home was the home of the Elders. They never Singing, "Guide us. O Thou Great tired of ministering to their wants. of whom four Six children were born to them, Jehovah.'.' Benediction by Julia S. Woolley. are living, three sons and a daughter, the latter Sec. S. accepted,The follo wing 'program was carried out: Tn nnr.l Vvolv Desert bv all nnor of the children,. Song, by four little girls , o great-gramU-hildrr- by Master o " eight-children- Prayer Tahnage. singing "Gladly was-offere- Singing, "I think Sterling when I read thaVhwqet story of old." Roll assistants present, each called, twenty-twresponding with sentiments in concert. Minutes of previous conference' read and -- at-he- by S. AND P. X. REPORTS. this Stakeand she was constantly planning for. their Welfare. The Relief Society of Grant ward .was reported by Sister Julia Dabel. President Jas.. E. Steele said, he found in conversing with the Bishops of different wards, tnat theRelief Society were doing a of great good work and ,kuew they were imoortance in the wards, when they per- form the duties assigned to them. - Wished to call the attention of- the sisters to a lack of being familiar vHth those who come us- - from Mother places. People, , among ' feel that as us. strangers, coming among they are one with us, and that we have an Urged the sisters to interest in them. work assiduously in this Relief Society Xtwork and see that they get their credit for the books shall ye be: judged." jtfor "by Spoke of the diligence of President Lmnia Bennett, who' had traveled from Provo to meet with the' sisters in this conference, - : LAKE STAKE PRIMARY. , - Minutes of Primary conference of the Salt Lake Stake, held in tbe Assembly HahY because she had been called to do so. March 15, 1901, President Camilla C. Cobb " President tuna Jardine, of the Louis- - prei 