WOMAN'S 24 17, they arrived Brother Lay ton, his wife, Elizabeth, and his son Charles. They had to keep him under the influence of morphine all the way, and then it seemed that he would not hold out until they arrived. But he did, and he stepped off the train, walked to the carriage and from the carriage to the house. But he never went outside of the house afterwards. When he got into the house he laid himself down on the bed, closed his eyes and said, "Thank God I have got home !" The next day we sent for Dr. Joseph Richards, and he came and staid all night. On examination Dr. Richards said he felt sure Brother Layton had stones in his bladder, and wished him to go to the hospital where he could have an operation performed. His reply was that he would never go to the hospital, nor have an operation performed. He continued to get and his worse, suffering was hard to bear. On the morning of the last of June he was very bad and when the doctor came he told him that nothing but an operation could save his life, and that if it were not performed he could not last more than a few So he with his family consented. hours. Dr. Richards had brought Dr. Wilcox with him that morning, and as soon as the sufferer consented the two doctors began the task at once. They took out fifteen stones, the largest weighing four ounces and the others varying in size. He stood the and came out from the operation very well, chloroform feeling as well as could be expected. The wound healed up nicely and for some time things looked as if he would still live a time. But his pain had worn him out and all that a loving family and friends could do did not raise him up. The last week he seemed to feel better, but a cough set in and he did not have strength to withstand it. On the 6th of August mortification set in. Everything was done that could be from the beginning, both in administration and medical aid, but to no avail, he gradually sank until August 7, at 10:30 p. m., when he passed peacefully away, surrounded by his wives and children, grandchildren and a multitude of friends. Amid all the excitement and all the hurry the words of the servant oi the Lord were not lost sight of. I remembered what Brother Richards had said and I saw the fulfillment of it in my own heart. For many times did he with tears in his eyes ask me to forgive him for all the past, and would say that nothing should stand in the way of my being made happy if he could but live a few years longer. I did forgive him from the bottom of my heart. fContinued.) THE THIRTY-THIR- ANNUAL MEETING. D The 33rd annual meeting of National Woman's Suffrage Association adjourned on Thursday evening, June 5, 1901. It has been an interesting and successful R. K. EXPONENT. convention with 26 states represented by Most 145 delegates in actual attendance. of these delegates are active and influential workers for equal suffrage in their respective localities. It would be difficult to secure a more complete expression of the equal suffrage movement as it exists in the United States today. The unit' of sentiment and identity of There purpose were highly encouraging. was no North, no South, no East and no West in this truly national assembly. Each state seemed to vie with every other in generous sympathy and sisterly regard. The desire seemed to be to recognize the excellent work done in the past, and to plan for the future with a view solely to the welfare of the cause. Five thousand dollars was pledged to the work of 1902. Of the $8,500 net proceeds of the National B?zar $3,500 has been used in the work since January 1, 1 90 1, leaving the remaining $5,000 for future work. In the board of general officers two changes were made. In place of Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery, who declined a Mrs Kate Gordon, of Louisana, was elected corresponding secretary, with the understanding that she will make her residence in New York, and devote her entire time to the business of the association. - 71 Mrs Kate M. Gordon, of New Orleans, who has just been elected corresponding of the National American secretary Woman's Suffrage Association is probably the only person in the United States who ever voted legitimately several hundred times in one day. When the Louisiana Constitutional Convention, in 1898, gave taxpaying women the right to vote on all questions submitted to the taxpayers, it added a clause unique in suffrage legislation, to the effect that any woman who preferred to do so might cast her vote by Soon after a special election was proxy. held in New Orleans to levy a tax for imNew Orleans was alproved sewerage. most the only city of its size without underground sewers Up to that time every effort to levy a special tax for sewers had failed. When the women taxpayers were given a vote they took a great interest in the question, held many public and parlor meetings and cast a large vote The election went in favor of better sanitation, and all the New Orleans papers declared that "the women did it." Miss Gordon was president of the Woman's Sewerage and Drainage League of New Orleans. She collected proxies from three hundred women taxpayers who wanted better sewers, but were timid about going to the polls, and she spent election day in driving about and voting over and over again in all parts of the city, as every proxy vote bad to be cast in .the precinct where the person giving the proxy liv The Business Men's Association of N Orleans gave Miss Gordon a medal. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. ' Dr.Margaret C.Roberts will commence her next class m Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, Oct. 1 4. For further information communicate Dr. Roberts, 75 North State Street. Telephone 748 D. Satnrdn.T, Ansnst 34th, li01. Via the Oregon Short Line, at the following rates: Limit Limit To Briiiham... I'oliinston ilendon .. US J'ny . . . Ixjsran Sniitlitield .. liichniorid.... Franklin Preston oxford WcCammon Bancroft Soda p'nsfs. Mont 2.: 5 3.1 3.55 15 15 i .V0 lays. 30 ?li'l.v5 Lake. 1.'!5 Spenivr A in" n. Falls.. 4.10 4.25 4.25 4.50 4.20 5.N) 7.30 8 In Minidoka Shoshona l.ellevue Haiey 30 12.00 30 12.65 ::o 8 0) 9.00 10.00 1 '.75 .. 13.00 1150 Ketchum Home.. .. 14.50 1X.25 Nam pa lloise City.... 19.00 w K50 raid ell Mt. Ontario Pa ette T.iiO 9.30 W.25 11.40 To Rexburjr Markt-- t udois poller.. a 6 Blackfoot.... I'ocuteilo Idaho Falls. liigby St. Anthony . Weiser 20.00 20.25 21.00 22.50 30 30 3') 30 30 30 :Jo 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 Huntington Proportionately low rates from other points in Utah. Trains for Cache Valley leave at 7 ;0 I a. m. For points east of McCammon, 10:50 p. m., and for all other points at 9:45 a. m. and 10:50 p. m. Trains on Wood River branch will run Sunday, August 25th. City ticket office, 201 Main street. Save Your Money! And when you get a, dol'ar, deposit it with Zion's Saving Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah married women and also children permit who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW FOUR PER CENT INe. TEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and said interest four times a year. compute WRITE for any information desired. We aim to give you as """TR Y with NORTH. EXCURSION Wommi's journal. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, Obstetrics and Nursing, Lorenzo Snow. Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier Nos. -5 Main Street. 