WOMAN'S 26 phere was calm as the sweet breath of autumn, but, oh, so solemn I gazed over the mighty ocean towards that land so far away, and I seemed to feel that I had died and gone to an unknown world. I at first thought I would raise my voice iii song, a morning hymn; but it seemed an intrusion on the sacredness of the hour to make the least noise. I felt that secret prayer was more congenial to the deathlike stillness of that little world in the midst of the mighty ocean. I revolved in my mind the of my whole life, and said, "If my Heavenly Father is pleased with the little good I have done, all my sorrows will be forgotten." The 9th day. Last evening we moved into the house Brother Alexander has been several days preparing for us. It is a large house all in one room, built in ancient style, round ends. Three pillars in the centre are covered with carved work curiThe house is whitened ously wrought. with coral lime inside and out, long grass laid for a floor on which mats are spread. Five high post bedsteads curtained around with fine white tapa. A very long table made from a tree which floated here from some island, the leaf more than three feet wide without a seam. The building is almost entirely shaded with trees, large and covered with flowers, their fragrance is delightful. Five rods from the door the grand o'd tide rolls out A lover of nature could not help and in. admiring this situation. Nothing but the want of society is felt here. The good people sent us in food to last us a week, cooked ready for use and nicely tied up in leaves. This morning I took a long walk to see an old hollow tree which is reported to have been m the "taueteni" the abode of a man who was pursued by his enemies, a whole year, and was fed by a sister. Nine of us entered the tree together, had room to move about. Two branches of equal size supported by the middle are hollow, and there are openings from one to the other, so the man could change his position when wearied with his confinement. From the tree we were conducted by Alexander to one of the old "morai's" It places of worship in the "taueteni." consists of huge stones set up in the form of a square room. One very high above the rest they worshiped as God. Flat stones are laid upon the ground, under which the heads of their enemies are buried, sacrificed to their gods' A dense growth of cocoa-nut- s overshadowed the place. We rested beneath the cooling shade, drank freely of the water and pursued our journey. Called at a native house where everything was A young woman was neat and clean. seated on a mat with a babe in her arms. We conversed with her in the Tahitian tongue an 1 she treated us to beautiful pine ! self-deni- al . apples. From thence we started on our way Not far had we gone when a meshome. senger met us with the joyful intelligence that the Ravai was in port and "Paraita" was on board. The two eldest daughters were far in the rear. The messenger passed us and car. ned the news to them. Quick and hasty were their footsteps till they reached the house and met their father. Now, they exclaimed, our wishes are realized. When the house was fitted up we felt it would avail us nothing without company. We were informed the vessel had encountered three severe gales of wind since it left this EXPONENT. port; did not make Tahiti, neither the chain Islands, except Ana and Matea. Paraita preached three The nth day. times in the native language. The people all appeared joyful on hearing the voice of their missionary once more. i LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Continued.') Y MEETING. y Meeting was held in the 14th Ward Hall, July 6, 1901, President M. I. Home presiding. Singing, tlArise, O glorious Zion." Singing, Prayer by Sister C. C. Cannon. "O, say what is truth." Minutes read and approved. President Home felt sorry we could not hold the quarterly conference at the usual time, but the house was undergoing repair and could not be made ready. Felt happy that our sister missionaries were doing so President Lyman, who has good a work. the British mission, from returned just the sister missionwork of the good spoke aries were doing there. Believed Christian Science to be a strong delusion that is leading many away. Sister Lydia D. Alder, who has just returned from a two years' mission in Great Britain, felt the faith of the sisters here had She helped her in her missionary work. had found many good women who were trying to find the truth, but the ministers have a great influence over them. It is very hard to reach them, they are so prejudiced against the word "Mormon," but some were glad to hear from the women in The Lord is the one who Mormondom. makes converts, it requires the missionaries to be faithful, prayerful, fast and thus sow the seed. She desired the sisters to lay their burdens at the feet of the Lord, and after you have done your part do not murFound the Relief Society in Germur many in a more prosperous condition than elsewhere, said they were warm-hearteand kind to the missionaries. People generally do not believe that men and women will go into the world and preach this unpopular doctrine without pay. Alluded to the influence of women, how they were branded by refusing a cup of tea or beer. Spoke of the wicked spirit Mrs. Stenhouse's book brought to those who read it; also of the evil influence Jarman people brought to bear against us, they tell the most unHowever there are a few reasonable lies. will embrace the Gospel. Referred to who the bravery it takes to fight against error. Thought she never honored her father so much as when she thought of his departing from his old home and following those who Felt she had rehad the true Gospel. moved much prejudice among her father's family, that she had visittd all the conferences, and women that it was possible to meet; that she had enjoyed her mission more than she could express; had realized the joy a little money brought to the missionaries in relieving their little wants. "Zion is Zion' ' to those who make it such. The spirit of the Gospel out in the world is one of union and love. Exhorted all to live love each and other. righteously Sister Pond spoke of the prejudice among her relatives in the East, and of the goodness of the sisters to the missionaries Told of her exper in the world. ience in bearing testimony to people in the world and of their prejudices. Counselor Elizabeth Stevenson said Sis The Ladies' Semi-Monthl- d ter Alder's expeiience was very similar to her own. The world thought the women . of Zion were Spoke of the way "Mormons" are pointed at with a finger of scorn by the people of the woild, and of the good that could be accomplished among them; thought Lucy B Young was doing a great deal of good in Germany, though she is more than seventy years of age. President M I. Home said the reason we meet on Saturday is when Jordan and Granite Stakes belonged to Salt Lake, that it was a more convenient day for women to meet here. In Granite Stake all the branches of the Relief Society meet on Thursdays. Would like all to pay their Andues within two weeks if possible. nounced an excursion for next Tuesday to Saltair, by the General Relief Society. Benediction by J. Singing, Doxology. S. Woolley. J. S. Wooixey, Sec. down-trodden- PIONEER DAY IN CHICAGO. We are quite sure our readers will be glad to know that Pioneer Day, July 24, 1901 , was appropriately celebrated by the few Utah people who are at present located in the great city of Chicago. It must have been a very pleasing program, by the notes of it we have seen, and it shows how some educators who have come into our midst have been impressed with our institutions and our people. Col. Parker, who taught a summer school in Provo, at the B. Y. Academy ten years ago or more, and other members of the faculty of the Chicago University, were present by invitatl n at the Utah gathering on Pioneer day, and Col. Parker addressed the audience. The following paragraphs are taken from the report made to the Deseret Evening News, of this city. Among the enjoyable features of the program may be mentioned the song, "Utah, we love thea," by the whole company; a recitation by Miss Maud May Babcock; a short address upon Utah schools, by Mosiah Hall; The Chicago University, by Guy C. Wilson; The Western Girl, by Miss Bush a recitation by Miss Alexander; two male quartetts by our missionaries and an oration, "The Pioneers," by N. J. Porter, which was particularly fine. Col. Parker in a very happy mood described his labors in Utah nine years ago, and closed a most complimentary address by an impressive and eloquent prophecy, that the descendants of those Pioneers, whose exploits we were commemorating, would yet occupy heights in intellectual and moral superiority in the world far greater than the altitude of their mountain homts might symbolize. He was deeply impressed with the sturdy virtues of the people whose contact with him quickly brushed away his former prejudice and planted in his heart a deep and abiding love and respect for them. He was followed by Miss Ziona Baber and Miss Flora J. Cooke, both of whom had labored in Utah at summer schools for teachers. The many Utah teachers who listened to them when there will be pleased to know that the most pleasing and vivid impressions were made upon their minds while in Utah, and Miss Baber related at length to the writer the delightful time she had while in Utah. She lived with Aunt Zina Young during her sojourn there, and learned much of the domestic life of the Latter-da- y Saints, which impressed her favorably in the highest degree. She mentioned with the greatest admiration the children of men who had more than one wife, as admirable tvpes physically and intellectually, and freely admitted that Mormon domestic relations had been greatly misrepresented and misunderstood Miss Alice Stone Blackwell returned to Boston yesterday from her summer's out- ing at Martha's Vineyard. 