I, ) WOMAN'S THE POET. His h:iH.' a wage f "ilu.;-tii- ,,.Lti! - i..ic,the-H-j:- "i'. 'fall, - ( 'i ! ,. lie i i'v-v- ;tn! liujlur on the ra:;c - -.u! . TV:: nes aV.kc i'ai:U t - el (in :.eh;hs aar thai voice h.a:d; the h;:i Julh la- b:va:.s tday ill some' time bo a trt 'l,:.n v'av. ;;:: when the r;:ee com toiling m, K - viei -- 'er wo. I he 'He He heard on higher pea alar, Moved ihvva:"ii with the morning .star. O, men f earth, that wondering voice 'that ' v . .yes Mlu , re";ee t:ic up'.vani way; Taylor was a real pioneer. Annie, her eldest child, was born in October, 849 just as her husband was Si ji.i. . n;. 1 loved oacs vi dear, said her v;;-in realms of the blest, .frr.NS the bright river She was welcomed by those who loved her while farewell-t- here. - her trials ore o'er, , ptfar t'riemKdo not sorro-.vShe has for:-.- it the g.x.d h;:::t. the hat tie ;s won, . ; will ' meet .her on that golden shore, -- Ar.'':i'V'"'h' she'll 'r! ::e." in-fu!l- ' ceb v il' the- - plaudit, Well For such women as there is joy unspeakable i:i Jane Taylor meeting those dear ones who have gone before, but to thoe who remain the loss is great of the The. angelic spirit presence in the' home. that characterized her whole life was more than an' example, it- was like sweet incense in the household.She has gone from her earthly home, we shall hear Iter sweet voice er -- - - nor see her smile of welcome. no more, very .scantily provided lor. But Sister Taylor with her sublime faith and trust in G,d was' nothing dauhtel, and thjen, as always, 'thanked God for His goodA noble, heroic ness and trusted ' on. woman, hi everv way worthy tfie name oi Saint. . Her youngest son, David John, died very suddenly while in New Vork on business in the summer 'of 1SS1, leaving a your.g wile and babe--. .H:sinothcr hoie this uial as he had all others, with heroic complacency, eVCtl HI !rVrnvvU,biMr tb; tvitnl aif . She .this seemingly lamentable ccctfrre-nceleaves one son, Richard lb iayior, who resides in Ogden, and one daughter, Annie, wife of Alonzo Hyde, of this city, many grandchildren and. three great grandchildren. It was at her daughter's residence that she pas-caway, having., resided there ever Her since her husband's death in 1SS7. children. Richard and Annie, and her eldest .grandchildren were with her to the last, '.She fell asleep without a struggle on the morning of Tuesday, December 26, 1900, at the' age of eighty-seveyearsj-igh-t Siller Taylor months and fifteen days. leaves one sister almost her o wn age. Sister Annie Ouavle. of Ogden. "Blessed ai e the dead who die in the Lord, folio v yea, from heucefoitb, for their wtrks ' - " -- Si-t- medical missionary in India, is. now doing medical missionary work in Manila. She left Bombay three months ago after exhausting herself caring for the famine sufferers." Miss Mary G. Hay, who has been for some years one of the ablest and most efficient organizers in the ranks of the National Suffrage Association, has accepted an important position in the Mutual fa mil' were the d . self-supporti- having to go on a misdoiijo I'rauce, and her rot, ii'.kt in Israel lias gone ! ha "Pk.At.ickjByham Gon'dict, of Orange, X. J., after serving eight years. as a' -- ' A TRIBUTE OF LOVE. . rr. itj, " !.-- re . bird :i:v-- t , lo-eudu- lu-ht-- a Taylor.' Then Mrs. Maggie Hull sam& V! whole night, as v: down, but n'o . :a i. that the sn'iwre. '' vt;ccs rn before the ra.v. ':t ( a silent :!aee, ;!,;'s ' , !'.!.; aiv y ., tlii-.p:nin- t- !- . . - ,:)i Htcr, sat up in a wag-there was not' room to 75 sympathetically,' in her clear voice, without murimtr escaped herlips, During the accompaniment, the good old hymn, "I arduous journey from Xauv know that my Redeemer lives." Afterto the Missouri, river, and th- - prolonged htay fit' wards Apostle John Henry Smith and Winters Quarters, .she, iii common with President Joseph F. Smith made very thers, had much to endure. but her f.iith consoling and impressive remarks, and Clever 'wavered, was willing the quartette .sang "We. shall meet Beyond Benediction by Counselor uie tn.us to gam her experience, and to the- Ri;er." earn an exaltation herealter. Arthur Barnes of the Bishopric of the ward. Her laith in the Go-pA large number of people, relatives and was firm and ' steadfast, never doubting the goodness of friends followed the deceased to her last God, always ,hopjul "and. patient under resting place in the city cemetery. The even the sew: est trials. grave was dedicated by Klder John V. President Taylor and family came across-- , Tavlor. K. B. V. tlie plains from the Missouri river to the Salt Lake Valley in in the first company behind tbe pioneers,') that Sister Jape ' NOTES AND NEWS. -- a mMn skin as fate, nig a divad ;tp"- Uthik-hi-- I.:;V i the heights; to him h.ittlr v lid aa! dim; ' n i EXPONENT. -- Life-Insuranc- e Company, where her admirable business talents will have large .scope.. Miss Kstkli.k Rkkl. Superintendent of Indian Education, has just issued her annual report, from which the following extracts are made. Since her appointment 26 months ago, Miss Reel has been in the field 17 months, has inspected 49 schools, traveled 41, 13S miles, of which 2,oS7 mile .were covered by wagon, pack horse and on foot, over lofty mountains,- through dense forests, on remote frontiers and over cliffs. rugged trails between precipitous Col. T. V. Higginson, accompanied 011 a .two by Mrs Higginson. has gone weeks lecturing tour out West It is many rears now since he has given lectures in cities outside Boston and vicinity. He does it now' because he feels physically He will speak in Chicago before the able Cleveland at Twentieth Century-Club,- -in the Northwestern University, offering threev lectures on "American orators and " and in Minneapolis, Indianapolis He has also in view a trip pnd Akron, O 111 Grenada to the Mediterranean, taking by the Alhambra and Italy, and returning , His wife and ; wav of France and England: They will sail daughter accompany him never forget her saintly manner and loving spirit, always thes.ime gentle welcome to her friends. As she lay in her white robes in the' beautiful casket, she wore the same sweet smile and looked like a , bride going to the The floral tributes of marriage altar. loving children, grandchildren and friends ' seemed as fitting for this queenly mother as them." Sister Tay lor was a woman of generous though she were indeed going on a wedding tour. The purity and integrity of her long imnnlsps and "eave mueh to the needy, and vivi:ini'Hrdlv charitable in her estimate life are a bright example to the It is said ox her of the character of others. of Zion. that she never spoke evil of any one; silence Sister Jane Ballantyne Taylor was born was her habit when there was gossip or slander of one's character, unless site couiu April ii, 1 8 13, in Sheffield, near Edinburgh in reviewing Scotland. Her father was David Ballantyne refute what was being said, in March. and her mother Annie Bannermau Billan-tyne- . her life her virtues shine out most conspicuan honored . Richard Ballantyne, famous in ously, though she was-o- f .a very retiring MKS T ulia Ward Hove was of 'type, as Sunday School work in early days in the disposition; the at the banquet of the Daughters guest Milton says in "Paradise Lost," valley, and until his demise, not long ago, the last night ot the old year, Vermont ...... 1v the resident ot.tlie washer brother. The Ballantyne family lovelier can be found. "Nothing lv.te, ?s one of embraced the Gospel in Scotland in 1S42. Mrs. Sallie Joy In woman than to study household good, club, .world In 1843 they emigrated to America and And good works in her husband to promote. Mas aclmscttsY Anierica's and the Howe referred were seven "weeks in crossing the. ocean to Xew. Orleans. The funeral services were held Thusday, pleasantly to her visits to Vermont ,,, wm-e- r They went direct to iVauvoo and in and February 'December 28, at the residence of her, when it was sheathed in ice. 25, 1844, Miss Ballantyne the wife of the .late President John daughter, Bishop George H. Taylor presidwhen it was blooming and green, summer need Thee beautiful. . She said she. Taylor. The marriage ceremony was perwas it ing The opening hymn, "I' nd always a rendered by a was formed by Patriarch sweetly everv hour,"Sister Smith. lived four.fifths of the eentury just Hyruni offered was had grown and voices. Taylor. shared in all the trials, hardships and quartette of male Prayer country The she the next cltic W ik.w sufferings, of, the troublous times.'. At the time by Elder Rodney C. Badger," and s "sprung up like flowers the ' tlie exodus Iroui Nauvoo she crossed, the hymn very feelingly sung was "Nearer my could remember., "Let us expect will surpass the one no Mississippi river, walking over it the whole God to Thee." century were distance, when at every step the ice cracked The remarks 'made bv the speakers .she said. "Let us out," surround Taylor tinder her feet. The weather was intensely appropriate and telling. ood things will go forward and followed by, Presu W, the Saints were not Weil woild wi'h a bond .of p provided with made opening remarks and U John Apostle and Sister Taylor, with another deut Angus M, Cannon Yet we Can . n - . . i . j ; I ora-tof- 1 yottn?-wome- j j j . - " old-fashi- oned . Mrs: be-ca- me' . W - jhop . . , 