culture, they. 'hail put out thousands of mulberry trees, and w;ere not. behind in any of Abe., duties required of the Relief Society. Sister Harriet M. Brown, a member of the General Board, cave a 'ood account ot The the Relief Society in Kanab Stake. sisters were zealous and faithful in good .works.- - v Counselor Angeline Hinckley spoke encouragingly of the society in Millard Stake.. They were progressing nicely and had during last year had many young mothers added to the 'list of: members, and felt it an incentive to others to mention, would the fact in the conference. President Elizabeth . Delong, of Stake, said they labored under the disadvantage of, being very much' scattered, some places being very remote, but they visited all as often as possible. They had some poor to care for, and were anxious to perform every duty, doing as -well as circumstances wouldpermit. President Annie U. Larson, of Emery Stake, stated they had visited all the settlements and found the sisters alive to their "duties and responsibilities, tried to encourage them in saving grain and in raising silk. . There were some sisters had "We raised eighty pounds of cocoons. have six halls of our own to meet in in Emery County." President Jane S. Richards said: "My dear sisters, I am very much pleased to see so many here, it is good enough for me to sit and enjoy it, though we all feel sorry that our president, Sister Zina, is not her with us," but you must not think that you will not have her here, she sends her love There is a and blessing and good wishes. great work to be done and we must be alive and energetic in trying to do our part and be thankful to the Lord that we live in this day, and pray that he will bless our efforts, and help us to do much more in the future than we hav ever done in the past. It will do Sister Zina so much .good to know that we are doing all we are capable of to assist her, by kind words and charity. If any one does a kind act let us appreciate it, arid we must be forgiving and and follow the example of our Savior, and feelhonored that we can do the workHe did. How much mercy He extended toothers. We, too, must be merciful, visit the sick. I realize how good it is to be visited in sickness." Sister R.chards related an experience of this kind to illus"When the Prophet' trate her remarks. Joseph was living we did not think much of finejclothes but put a clean apron on our children and took them to meeting with us. Now we must have something grand to take tlieniln. Then it was different and we were happy, but times have cbange'd.I do not want to weary you with a long speech. I am glad There a! re many to hear from. we have so many present, I no vv Sister Zina will rejoice when she hears of this gathering. May the Xord bless us all." X President B. W. said, - "Sisters, we want to obey counsel and be and appreciate every good thing. We must exert ourselves to sustain home indus tries, especially the silk and be honest and punctual and not neglect our Temple work, thatls one of the obligations we should keep in mind, go there whenever we can. I love to see the sisters come to the Temple. And we want to build a house, we have the ground given to us and we must exert ourselves to get the queans to build aucl we k ' Pan-guitc- h . - . . long-sufferi- . S-itr- f self-sustaini- ng ng shall be blest and accomplish it if we are humble and do right, and I bless you, my sisters, with all the authority I have, in the name of Jesus. Amen."? XX President M. Isabella Home was glad to sec so many present. Said, "We know, we are doing a great and grand work, to look after the poor and needy; and we shall have a reward. This is a grand and What has there glorious dispensation. ever been like it ? Think of the Lord Himself appearing' to Joseph Smith, a boy, and His Son with Him; and saying to Joseph "This is my beloved Son, hear ye Him !" And during all his persecutions and.trial she was sustained by an Almighty power. How many times his'enemies sought his life in various ways, but were hot permitted to take it, until he delivered himself up. all But the Gospel must be preached-tnations and gather in the honest in heart, and we are doing our part in caring for the poor, the needy, the afflicted and distressed; we must be diligent in our work andseek at all limes the spirit of the Lord and pray o always." Counselor Marilla Daniels reported Utah Stake. She told us they halt been building two meeting bouses, and granaries and collecting grain and trying to fulfill all their duties and keep pace with the work and not fall behind in the race. President Lucy S. Cardon, Cache Stake, said, "We are' striving to do right and t keep'the commandments of the Lord, follow the counsel we receive and be industrious in all the pursuits of life. We have fifteen granaries in our Stake and quite a ' of the Relief Society in Nauvoo, only nineteen members, and now it numbered several' thousands. Spoke missed Zina we of and how Aunt tenderly her presence, and also of President Cannon having gone away to regain his health, would be a great sorrow if he should not recover, hoped he would be raised up home. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon said a few words, though reluctantly, but stated if she spoke it must be of the things uppermost in her mind. She felt that we needed a building of our own, and we should labor uutir-- . Said we sisters ingly to accomplish it. had helped to build every Temple and every meeting house in Zion, no one gruriibles about tithing, and she thought the sisters should be willing and glad to give' to the building and. believed they would be richer at home if they would give first organization y and-retur- - freely. Meeting adjourned till 7 p. m. Congregation standing sang the L)oxol6gy. Benediction py President Susan Grant, Evening session, President Jane. S. Richards presiding. t Singing, ,4Come,'corae ye Saints. Prayer by Lounselor Annie 1. Singing, Hyde, of the Salt Lake take. a for "We thank Thee God, prophet." Sister E. J. Stevenson, of the General Board ' addressed the meeting upon the Word of Wisdom; the proper training of the children of Zion; faith in the ordinances of the Gospel and administration for the healing of the sick instead of employing so many physicians; kindness, charity and forgiving each other. Thought we should be exemplary in all thingsmd by no means go into debt, refrain from everything that is not right. Spoke feelingly of home duties and obligations and improving the talents given us and adding to them. President Wilhelmina M. Erickson, of North Sanpete Stake, said Sanpete Stake had been recently divided and she had been called to preside in the northwest of the county. The Relief Society had not yet held a conference, but we know that the sisters are always willing to do what is required. "We shall do all that lays in our power for the General Building and every call made, and I shall try to do my duty always, I feel that I need instruction." President Alvira L, Cox, South Sanpete Stake, said she had not yet visited around since the division of the Stake had been made, but had sent instructions to each branch The sisters will be able to. respond to the call made for the Woman's Building, and when we have a place of our own we shall not be subject to so much inconvenience in holding our meetings and! conferences. Counselor Hildah H. Larson soke for Jordan Stake. The president and counselors had visited all the branches and found them There were four in a good condition. Relief Society halls and ten granaries Sister. Larson made owned bjthe sisters. , f large amount of grain. President Lillie C. Page, of Nebo Stake, reported that very new Stake scarcely two months old, organized February 14, 1901. President Jane S. Richards attended the meeting when the officers were called to preside and gave instructions. Sister Page manifested a desire to fulfill all the responsibilities of her office, they try to keep up with thegood work of the society. Counselor Harriet Jacobs, of Alpine . Stake, slated that their Stake too was very months since it was young, hot orgnkd. The president and counselorsin intended to visit through the settlements the near future, they were trying to instil into the minds of the sisters the necessity of wisdom in all things. Sister Emily S. Richards spnke favorably of the Woman's Building thought it would not be hard for three great organizations to put up a handsome structure that would bea Characteristic of women. It should be come pleasure to do this that in years to our children would be proud to look upon it arid say it had been built by their mothers and grandmothers. Sister Alice M. Home in her remarks said, "I see here more fine women than I nave ever seen before at any one time, and come forhope to see our young mothers ' ward and join in the work. ' She gave out the notice of the Mother's Congress which efforts of the women ot Zion in various would convene in the Assembly Hall the directions and rejoiced in the progress they toattend. all invited and following day ' ; W2re making. Rich-ard- s Sister Julina X. Smith "said Sister President Rebecca Stand ring said: X' I said Ogden haslargercongregations at labors of the Relief Sociconferences than we have here. She felt often think of the feed the hungry and clothe we ought to awaken the people to attend, ety in Zion to And the teachers none can She then reported for the committee that the destitute.. cause more faithfully thn the had been appointed to call upon the First labor in that are ministering angels of teachers They so land of the generand soke Presidency, lhe progress all mercy to publish salvation. ously donated to the sisters, knew Referred , to the now being made bv our sisters rejoices my would feel like helping. 1 yet-thr- ee " . : , - 