WOMAN'SJ EXPONENT" . is indeed better that different nations and different individuals should meet as enemies, than that they should not meet at all, for the whole lesson of life consists in meeting one another, and in mutual recognition. Opposed to all of these old forms of inter- nationalism, is the new internationalism, inwhose essential element is stead of competition. Of this the Czar's Congress, convened at the Hague in Much 1899, may be considered a symbol. and numerous met the Czar's mockery jeers But in spite of mocking skeptranscript. tics, more than a score of nations responded by sending their representatives to The Hague in May, 1899. It is true that while the congress was in session, the mockers busied themselves by estimating the Czar's armies, and the additions which he was making to his fleets, and there are doubtless many among the skeptics who sincerely believe that the congress was convened in order to distract the attention of the people, while some of the leading nations of the earth should make preparations for war on a larger scale than it had recently been waged. We are not deaf to the cries of dying Boers, to the groans of contending Britons, as they are wafted to our ears from the fields of South Africa, nor are we deaf to the moans of Cubans, Spaniards and Americans, that have saddened the winds that rise over Cuba, and the breezes that come to us from the Phillipines. We are not blind to the shameful pages in which the historian will regard the punitive expeditions in China. Humanity will ultimately realize the monstrousness of such expeditions inaugurated aud executed by grert Christian peoples, boasting themselves to be possessed of the higher intelligence and more advanced civilization, a purer and more exalted form of government, and a truer and deeper religion than was known to the natives of China. Much in the history of grand events manifests a greed and animosity which characterize what I have chosen to call old forms of internationalism. But the battlefields of South Africa, the punitive expeditions in China and the unrecorded agonies that have been suffered in Philliphine swamps, are not the symbols of a new internationalism. They are not, indeed, the symbols of our modern life. They are episodes in our life. They demonstrate the survival of large parts of human nature not yet dominated by divine grace. They may hinder but they cannot indefinitely postpone the triumphant acknowledgement of the new internationalism. The meaning of that internationalism is symbolized by the great international arbitration which was completed on" the second anniversary of the Hague Congress as the first fruit of that That great or international arbicongress. in a large way, stands for the doctration trine of of friendly intervention. What it stands for means more than any nationalism yet affected in the world. We may be tempted to impatience as we witness the halting arrival or our ideals, but when we consider what centuries of time have been consumed in the development of a single nationality, we may indeed take courage for the growth of and we may realize that in as much as it transcends nationalism, so will it be inaugurated only after the lapse of a longer period of time, and after the expenditure of more of the resources of the human spirit, than the growth of a single nation inter-nationalit- y, 23 has ever cost. Our own national history is so brief relatively, that we may almost say that we have seen our nation grow. When we remember that when French and English first met on the little strip of makes up internationalism. Its fruits cannot be prophesied, but in the process of its development, we shall learn larger words as symbols than our lips have ever intelligently uttered. We shall learn that as the Atlantic seaboard, when Spanish and Eng- family is greater than the individual,, allish first met in the gulf, that they though composed of individuals, as the met only to contend, only to recognize community is greater than the family, aleach in the other his enemy, and when we though composed of families, as the state is realize that then less than three centuries greater than the community, although comfrom the time of the first English settle- posed of communities, as the nation is ment, even the present territory of the re- greater than the state, although composed public, almost all of the nationalities of the of states, so is humanity greater than one earth have been reconciled and are united nationality, although composed of nationhere in the maturing of a great nationality, alities, so is internationalism greater and more sacred than nationalism. we may indeed believe that if three centuries had been requisite to the production In the pursuit of this new internationalof a nation, we may be obliged to give ism, we shall not learn to love our counmore than thrice three to the production of tries less because we are learning to love conscious internationalism. the world more, but we shall learn that We have seen Italy grow from dismem- humanity is a larger word than patriotism, bered fragments into a nation. We have that the love of humanity, of that humanseen almost within our own life time, Gerity which includes all the children of God, many grow from distracted, contending is the only satisfactory evidence of the love factions, into a united empire. In our own of God. country the spirit of the nation has been again and again assailed by the spirit of AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON. section and party. The historians tell us (Continued.') that not until the Civil War was over did either North or South recognize another About December 13, while riding in his unof as the its Not country peer. portion carriage in Arizona, Brother Layton was til then were the factional spirits of North struck with a severe pain in his bladder, and South lost in the sense of common which caused him great suffering. His Numerous conditions and family tried everything they could to renationality. circumstances have arisen to intensify the lieve him, but without success. They sectional spirit in both East and West, and secured the best medical assistance there Sociologists in our time have rejoiced that was to be found in that country, but in war carried on in vain. the Spanish-America- n They all said it was Bright 's disCuba, and the war in the Phillipines, have ease, and there was no help for him. given to the States and Territories in our Several different times we received teleUnion the opportunity of seeing their sons grams stating that he was very low and march shoulder to shoulder in the revived sinking very fast, that the end was near. sense of their common nationalism. Early in 1898 he took to his bed, haviDg What part are women to bear in the new suffered so much that it was thought he internationalism, in the phase would not last long, but he still clung to as opposed to the inimical phase of the life. In June I received a letter from his international spirit? wife, Elizabeth, stating that he had made The first message delivered from the out- up his mind that he must come to Utah to side the Czar's Congress when it convened spend his last days, and that he wished an at The Hague was the message sent by the answer by return mail to know what we uprising of women throughout the world to thought of it and where he could stay. I did not know what to do or say as I rejoice over the convening of that congress. had but one room in the house that I could In this message the women of twenty-tw- o I went and prayed that the nationalities informally and spontaneously lay claim to. me in what I should say. direct would Lord The latest received united. by telegram sent I The sent at was that the congress my daughters with the letter to each Hague of his wives, and they were all quite willing by the vote of the International Council of should come to my house, or rather he In that that Women, then sitting in London. council the women of nine different nations my daughters, with whom I was living, were formally represented in a delegate but they could all make room for him when deliberative body, and a resolution pledg- he was well. I took the letter to his eldest sons and ing the International Council to support the doctrine of international arbitration, daughters, who said father was welcome to and to do its utmost to educate public opin- come to their homes and they would do the But they all ion in all of the countries represented by best they could for him. the Council to the proper conception of the agreed that he would feel more satisfied to dignity of that doctrine, was unanimously come to my home. I answered the letter and told them that adopted. The growth of the International but one room that I had any claim had I has been since date almost that Council that if he wished he and his wife but countries were Nine then on, phenomenal. to come and have that. welcome I were was their union in and the result united it, he word where us would to send them told of eleven years of labor. In the two years since the adjournment of that session six prefer going, and the folks would prepare other countries have organized National for him. Just nine days from the time they wrote Councils of Women, and now the women of these fifteen distinct nationalities stand their letter they received our answer, and bed and dressed pledged to the support of social peace and the same day he got out of for Utah. The next started Fifteen nation- himself and international arbitration. a alities with more than seven millions of morning I received telegram stating that women included in these Councils which he was coming to my home in Kaysville, together constitute the International Coun- and that he wished the boys to meet him at cil, constitute one factor in the force which Ogdeu, which they did. On Fridpy, June I 