WOMAN'S EXPONENT. often, that we might learn of the work o the woid of the Lord. The Relief Society work is r great one. It is our duty to care for the poor in our midst. We should be diligent in the teaching of our children, for if we neglect to teach them correct principles we will be held responsible for it. We should teach them the law of tithing and all the principles of the Gospel. It is not enough that we are baptized in the Church of Christ, but we must keep the commandments if we obtain eternal life. It is recorded in Mathew that not all who cry Lord, Lord will enter into the kingdom. but he that d oes the will of our Father in Therefore let us be faithful each heaven. day of our lives." The Laie Relief Society was reported by Lahaole as being in a prosperous condition. The sisters are diligent in their work. A good report was also given of the Honolulu Relief Society by Kauiopuna, who said they were taking care of the poor, and hold their meetings regularly. Kapili reported the branches of the society at Waialae as fully organized and much interested in their work. Annie Kou explained the first verses in John, 14th chapter. Sister Jennie Musser was pleased to be with us today. Was tnankful for the for was it same Gospel that was the Gospel the in earth the upon days of our Savior, but was taken away because of the wickedness of the people; but it has been restored again through the Prophet Joseph Smith, and knew it was true. "Do not forsake the good but the evil. May the Lord help us to be faithful." Pulewia, of Waialua, reported said society as doing fairly well. "Our association has not been organized very long, but we are trying to help along with the work." Mama Kapu said we should obey our presidents and those over us. "Let us work for the Lord in the time of our strength. The Relief Society is Let us live in love. to assist with the work of the Lord. If we obey the commandments of the Lord we will receive eternal life." Trio, "School Thy Feelings, 0 My Brother," by Sister Jennie Musser, Hattie and Ivy Kekuku. An essay on reverence fcr sacred things, by Si?ter Olive Pendleton. The Kahana society was reported by Poopua. "Our society is fully organized, but we have not held our meetings regularly during the last term. ' ' Sister Ellen Cole said "This is a great work. Fifty years have passed since the Relief Society work was first established and much has been accomplished during that time, many of the sisters have endured We trials and persecutions in this work. have heard many things today about the great and dreadful day of the Lord which is near at hand. We should prepare ourThe women have a selves for this time. We are privilgreat mission to perform. eged above those who do not accept the Gospel of Christ, for in most other denominations women do not have the privilege In the of preaching the Gcspel as we do. Church of Christ there is work for all. Let us continue faithful to the end." There was a fair representation from the other islands, although not as many branches were reported as usual. Sister Woolley thanked all who had taken part in our meeting, and was grateful for the peaceful spirit that had been in 15 our midst. Urged the sisters to be diligent and prayed the Lord to bless us in our also the Stake Relief Society officers, with the exception of Counselor Mary J. West, who is still in Utah. Nearly all the branches were represented labors. The choir sang an anthem. Benediction by President Samuel E. Woolley. Conference adjourned for six months. Alice R. Woolley, Pres. Ellen Cole, and the reports were quite encouraging. Just new they are unusually busy trying to assist in the erection of the Stake Academy, and are resorting to various methods to obtain the means. Some have given entertainments and- parties where they sold refreshments, while nearly all have donated liberally the quilts and rag carpets made in the work meetings. They are now giving the Sunday eggs, and odd as this resource may appear, a tidy sum is realized each year. As a rule meetings are held once a week, the first one in every month being devoted to testimonies, the others to work. The sisters all felt well and the speakers dwelt upon subjects that were applicable, not only to Relief Society workers, but to Saints. any who desire to be Latter-daThe visit of Sister Emma Woodruff in It is April was very much appreciated. the first time in the history of our Stake that the General Board have sent a sister to instruct us. Sister Woodruff certainly makes a good missionary. Her remarks were timely and given in a spirit of love and humility which caused us all to say heartily, "Come again." Della F. Smith, Sec. Sec. SALT LAKE STAKE PRIMARY. - Minutes of Primary conference of the Salt Lake Stake, held in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, June 22, 1901, President Camilla C. Cobb presidinsr. Meeting opened by singing, "A Happy Band of Children." Prayer by Millie Baird. "Little Roll Singing, Lispers." associations present, called, twenty-tw- o each responding with sentiments in concert. Minutes of last conference read and approved. The first exercise on the program was a selection by Prof. Best's Mandolin and Guitar Club, composed of fifteen little girls and boys. Next a short sketch of President Camilla C. Cobb, given by Tillie Thomas, of the Nineteenth Ward. Duet by Lenora Sperry and Glennie Sims. Questions and answers on the Ten Commandments, by the Fifth Ward Primary, at the conclusion of which they sang "The Lord's Prayer." Recitation by Master Adam Proctor, of the Tenth Ward. Song, "In Our Lovely Deseret," by all the children. Sister Hattie Jensen gave an interesting talk on "Incidents in the Life of President Woodruff," followed by a recitation by Nellie Worthington, of the Fourth Ward. Selection, (piano) by Prof. Beezley. Exercise on the life of Joseph in Egypt, by members of the Nineteenth Ward. President Louie B. Felt, of the General Said it Board, addressed the conference. gave her pleasure to listen to the children. Wanted them to be missionaries and bring others to the next conference. Counselor Lilly T. Freeze, of the General Board, said she was happy to be with us and was delighted with the good order and the singing. Spoke of the importance of in the Primary Associamusic cultivating tion. A song was beautifully sung by Catherine McClellan, accompanied by the Guitar The club also gave and Mandolin Club. selection. another A vote of thanks was tendered to Prof. Best and his band for their delightful SOUTH SANPETE. Synopsis of Relief Society conference of the South Sanpete Stake of Zion, held in Ephraim, November 12, 1901, President Alvira L. Cox presiding. Sinking, "How firm a foundation." Prayer by President Ellen Dorius. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Minutes of previous conference read and approved, also a condensed report of the Stake for 1900. Sister Marie Willardsen, having been chosen counselor in the Stake Board of the Primary, was honorably released frcm her duties as Stake secretary of the Relief Society, which position she had filled with honor and credit for many years. A vote of thanks was unanimously extended to her for her faithful labor. Miss Etta Anderson, of Manti, was unanimously sustained as her successor. The Stake officers were then presented to the conference and sustained. President Cox made opening remarks, reminded the sisters that the 17th of March was approaching and advised that it be music. celebrated in some fitting manner by each President Felt said she would like every branch society, and that the ten cent fee be president to send two children to Prof collected. The various wards of the Stake consistBest, so that he may have a large band. Said there would be a reunion of the ing of Ephraim, North and South, Sterling, Primary of several Stakes at Saltair on Mayfield, Chester and Fayette were reJune 7, urged all to attend. ported by their respective presidents, Conference closed by singing "Little Centerfield by its secretary and Dover not Benediction represented. Children Love the Savior." Alvin Brother Sister Julia C. Howe, of the Salt Lake Beezley. by Sec. W. Stake Ella Board, addressed the conference. She Hyde, dwelt on the importance of the mission of SNOWFLAKE, ARIZONA. the teachers. She had had experience in Snow-flake that capacity herself and had enjoyed it The Relief Society conference of Stake is just over, and though it very much. Spoke of the necessity of lasted but one afternoon it was very inter- teachers seeking Divine aid, that their Stated esting, notwithstanding the gloom which words might be words of wisdom. seemed to hover over eveiy one on account that the Relief Society was the parent of all of the sad death of a young man named the auxiliary organizations ot the Church. Frank Freeman, who had that morning Spoke of the contemplated Woman's been thrown from his horse and died a lew Building and hoped the sisters would not think they had too many calls. hours after. President Peterson expressed his great as were The Stake presidency present, . 