WOMAN'S EXPONENT. go there John Young and his mother,- 'formerlv" times something of interest tothe American of Phniipit,,o ...1 people, even women, who are not supposed had not seen for mauv vears. and to be after Federal appointments; we The next evening; attended the concertainly at a time when a new administrain the same ball,, thinking WJ tion is coming in people flock from all parts cert given would be better able to see the decorations of the country in great numbers. and to hear the patriotic music And un4-- ' Washington was full to overflowing oh March 4th 'of 901. Long:before the time but, alas for our hopes, the crowd' was much to open - the Senate galleries the, halls were greater, and we were told it .continued so up to the last evening of the series oL confilled and the rush at the doors certs. was tremendous; the men in charge, howWashington has had a gala time of festever, preserved order, and the seats and ivities during the inaugural week, recepaisles were very soon filled. At first the great attraction was the en- tions, operas and theatres all even the receptions at the White- lion J. Elect Col. Theodore trance of also excursions to the subsided the v were no exception, Roosevelt, and alter that-ha- d i. . i ii i President, his cabinet, Judges of the various msionc piuccb unu. uunuings, so "much so; that it was not a good time to a-Supreme Court and Foreign Ministers, Ambassadors and Officers of the Army and To one deeply interested inlhe welfare of Navy, whose elaborate uniforms gave a decided rrch tone in contrast to the general his country and of its progress, such visits soinbre regulation dress of State dignitaries.: to the capital are instructivendbToadcn-ing- , and in a direct sense educational; but Ladies all over the house watched the Executive gallery to see Mrs. McKinley there is not even space to give facts, and enter, and marfy glasses were turned in her therefore one must not indulge in one's own direction, as was perfectly natural, when impressions. one occupies the high position of the 'Lady . The evening of our arrival we attended of the White House. Inside the capital the crowd was totally the Republican Woman's banquet, an oblivious of the weather, but in peering out elaborate gathering of two hundred notable the crowds on the street, ranged in dense women from all parts of theUnited States, Columns, were standing in pouring fain, (and a few men) Mrs. Foster presiding, never flinching in the least, waiting to see Mrs. Foster received in the parlors at. the the President appear on the stand, in front Riggs house for the first two hours, perSuch haps, and then repaired to the banquet hall, of the great historic building. cheers as were rarsed must be heard to be where the floral decorations Were very eleappreciated, even though the weather was gant and artistic, and the banquet all and Mrs. Foster so unfavorable, and the flags, banners and more than one could desire. insignia of the day and time were soaked looked superb and acted not only as hostess through and through. We stood very near but toastmistress, and filled both positions and heard every word distinctly. The without apparent effort, gracefully and in a dignified manner. Mrs. Gates, of Utah, President's voice, was clear and and the crowd were so enthusiastic that one responded to the toast uWha,t protection wondered what the effect would have been has done for Utah Jn the way of indushad the weather been Her speech was humorous and tries." along the street where the forceful and' her audience was intensely parade, was expected to pass the people were appreciative, if one can judge by the simply packed, waiting in pouring rain for applause, and she received many congratu"hours to see the officers of State and lations afterwards. the mjlitary. Thursday evening and Pnday all day we Colonel Willard Younglrode with Gen. attended the International Press Union House. Marv'S. Greene, at the head of the parade, and of meetings o held at theRip-p-j course the Utah people, were delighted to Lock wood, president, 00 at which we had the see him1 in this place of honor. All those opportunity to speak, also Mrs. Gates; and who witnessed the parade were eloquent in other privileges on committees, .etc. There praise of the management of so immense an" we met a number of women whom we had affair. In the rooms on Pennsylvania known previously Mrs. Clara B. Colby, Avenue, which Senator Kearns had secured, editor Woman's Tribune a good friend to there, were many Utah people, Mrs. John Henry Smith and her niece, Mr: and Mrs. and other good friends. H. GWhitney and Mrs. Willard Young, Mrs. Foster arranged a trip for some few Mrs. Ben Rich, Jr.,' Mrs. Sol Seigel, Mrs. ladies to Glen Echo to "pay a visit to Miss E. J. Bamberger, President George C. Clara Barton, President-Generof the Red Mrs.' Parkinson, Wilson, Miss Ivers, Mrs. Cross, whose fame as a practical philanKearns and many more, "all too thropist has encircled the world. This visit John intent on watching and admiring was most seriously delightful, and e?irditcy via the parade as they filed past to make any Georgetown, where we changed cars, we but we did notice how the Presicqmrrents, saw the unpretentious dwelling of Mrs. E. D. dent bared his head and 'bowed and ac- E. N. South were the worth, whose-storie- s the enthusiastic cheerintr nf Hip delight of young and old twenty and thirty knowledged 'crowd in his honor. years ago. ner nome is preiiny siiuaieu - The inaugural ball in the new pension on the bank of the picturesque Potomac building the same evening was one of the river, a most romantic spot, the opposite most elaborate affairs ever given at the bank rising in galleries of evergreen trees. capital, (some people said thp Fancy what it would be in" summer, with . floral and electrical decorations were works its picturesque sailing boats and the perof art and the music was of the highest fume of Southern bloom. order. The surging crowds of We found upon our arrival at Miss Bapeople up stairs and down, were rton's home that she was much' better in exceedingly interestto look ing at, thoueh verv little health and really glad-- . to see us, chatted could be indulged in, as there was not picaaciuiiy a nine 'auuui neibcii, Pace ana it seemed surprising in such a ladies drew her out, and finally was percrowd to find any one we knew. We met suaded to show us some of her "gifts and - Woman's Exponent EM ME LINE - WELLS, Editor and Publnker, 21. . City, Uuh. in Salt Lake 'Published one copy orf? year, Ji'.oo; one copy six months, No reduction mule for.clubs. City purer one ye.ir, 25 cts. extra for po-t.mail, by, .Terms: 50 tts. e Ilth square, ten lines of nonjuriel space pne t:m 52.50; "per month, j.oo. A l.beral to regular advertisers." .Advertising rates'-- when-opene- nt (1 office Room 507 'I empleTori." South Temple hours fro m 10,1. m. to 5 p. m., every Business Street: day, except Sunday.' Address all business tonnmini( at ons.tc F.xroNF.NT ' Ms. '. K. Ii. WLLLS, Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City, - econJ-clas- s over-crowde- d - Vice-Preside- nt I -- 1 Salt Lake'City, Utah, ' 1 Ltah.ai matter. - e . Salt Lakk Citv, Utah, Mar. 15 a A run. 1, 1901. NATIONAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The conference of the National Relief Society will he held in the Assembly Hall April 8, commencing at 10 o'clock. Zina I). II. Young, Jank S. Richards,' Batiisheba W. Smith, Sarah Jank Cannon. -- CANNON-WILLE- Y WEDDING. On Thursday, March 21st, occurred the marriage of Miss Emily Hoagland Cannon and Mr. Israel Emerson Willey. The marriage ceremony was performed at noon 'in the Salt Lake Temple by the bride's; uncle, President Angus M. Cannon, and in the evening members of the families and a few friends gathered at the Cannon home to offer congratulations and good wishes. An elaborate- and delicious dinner j was served at five o'clock, after which the hours were, pleasantly spent in conversation, interspersed with musical selections, the bride herself favoring" the company with a song. Tile rooms were beautifully decorated with cut flowers, vines and potted plants from the home conservatories, and altogether the gathering was one of the most informal, sociable and delightful affairs of the season. 1 ne onue is a inost cnarming ana talented young woman, the daughter of President George. Qf.' Cannon, the only cloud to the wedding festivities being that the beloved father was' not present, having sought a lower altitude and warmer climate, on account of ill health. A. J. C. - . far-reachi- fine-Afterwar- ng ds , - . c 7 . al , ;, IN AND ABOUT WASHINGTON, Our readers have heard all about the inauguration ceremonies and- - read President McKinley's speech, undoubtedly, and the inaugural ball has been written up with elaborate details all over the country; and, therefore, one scarcely knows what to tell of great interest, even though one has visited the nation's capital and been present at public proceedings of great importance. ;. Mrs.Gates, too, has told the same story in her graphic way, and, therefore, one must still repeat the same things over and over. However, each one speaks for herself in her own way and may give her own impressions of places and incidents. T It is always worth while to go to Washwhen Congress is in session, if one ington has the opportunity. There is at these . w " 