WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 69 iniquity diminish as the years of the centu roll on. May justice triumph and corruption be stamped out. And may virtue and chastity and honorprevail until evil shall be overcome and the earth shall be cleansed from wickedness. ' Let these sentiments, as the vofce of the "Mormons" in the moun tains of Utah, go, forth to the whole world. and let ; the people know that our wish and our mission are for the blessing and salvation, of the entire human race. May the twentieth century prove the happiest asnt will be the grandest of all the ages of time, and may God be glorified m the victory that is coming over sin and sorrow and misery and death. Peace le unto you all ! , R. S. REPORT. -- would be inspired to know how to accumulate means to erect it. Sister Annie L. Johnson began by reading from the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith, She was for thirty years an 45th chapter. There . aie three things to be invalid. understood: abdominal breathing, relaxation and a thorough knowledge of 'hygiene and we can overcome disease. She believed If we gain knowledge in simple remedies: pertaining to ourselves we ran overcome:, Realized we should believe every disease President Snow intensely when we pray. had told her to visit the different wards and teach the sisters how to cue lor their bodies, said she would be pleased to have any one visit her, and would talk with them on. these subjects.' Counselor C.C.Cannon said she felt pleased with tiie spirit made manifest by the presidents in the reports this morning. Rtad an extract from the third Relief Society" meetPresident Joseph ing held April 2S,' 1S42. Smith gave the Relief Society a lecture and told the sisters that they would be able to heal the sick and gave them special instructions. Referred to 1 Cor. 12th chapHe spoke of the jealousies among the ter. officers. Said the signs spoken of by Christ' in healing the sick, etc., applied as well to the sisters as the brethren. I here is no sin in the women laying on bauds for the healing of the sick, said there were aspiring men, and this society would be troubled in the same way. Exhorted the sisters to sustain their husbands and to put down iniquity. Said "You cannot go too fast when in the path of virtue. This is a charitable society, it is natural for women to be interested in such work. If you are pure you can come into the presence of God. .Don't think yourselves more religious than others. Let your hearts be enlarged towards others. You will be instructed by the priesthood from time to time. I now turn the keys for woman. Don't envy the .show and finerv of others,for they are fleeting. Do not indulge too much in the ift of tongues." Said the sick should be nourished with mild herbs, and there is no one better qualified to do this than the sisters. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith said she was in the. lodge room above the brick store in Nauvoo Smith gave these , President S. J. Cannon made-"sthe Woman' practical remarks about Building and encouraged the . striving to do their part. Sjster Hyde said the conference wouM now be adjourned for, three months.. n four weeks would be the officers ineetiii" and in two weeks the Retrenchment mcdir' Singing, "We thank Thee, O Gul,' foa Benediction by Juiri $ Prophet." o si-te- rs , Wool ley. " j. V " o. I 1 w s . -- v .. 1 ec. pro lan. r BIRTHDAY PARTY. Victor, Idaho, October r.ditor W omans'hxponcnh . 17, j1; , . . SALT LAKH STAKE. - . Smith to organize .this society. Spoke of the perseverance of the sbters in the different wards inuilding halls and granaries, helping the poor and many other .things. the Spoke of the unity that existed among in sisters and thought we should be united building this new central building. Hoped the, presidents and officers of fhe society The quarterly conference of the Relie Society of the Salt Lake Stake convened in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Half at 10 a. m., Dec. i, 1900. Officer's present on the stand were Counselors Annie T. Hyde and Clara C Cannon, Presidents B. W. Smith, S: J. Cannon, M. W. Wilcox, K. J. President Home Stevenson. J. C. Howe. absent,, not very well. Meeting called to order by Counselor Hyde. Opened by singing "Our God we raise to Thee." Prayer by Counselor Clara C. Cannon. Singing, "Where the voice of friendship's heard." The roll was called, a good representation Minutes of conference held being .present. Sep. 8, read and approved. The presidents were then called upon for reports, especially regarding the building fund. All the wards were reported that had a representative present, and all expressed a willingness to do whatever was required of them. Quite a number of the societies have a reserve fund and all felt the need of a central building and were more than willing to work and use every means to accomplish this end. Sister B. W. Smith spoke on the same She felt sure that the amount subject. could be raised to build a comfortable building. Asked all the societies to please send in the amount they felt it possible for them to donate. Sister Howe felt that the sisters who hall reported had exhibited a spirit of humility and obedience. Gave a very interesting account oi her work in the Relief Society from its first organization in this city. It is usually the poor that, help the poor, and those who are wealthy are not so liberal. "I have been promised to live to see this new building dedicated and I am enthusiastic over it, and hope we will work energetically to accomplish the good work." Meeting adjourned till 2 p. m. Closed by singing "Come let us anew." Benediction Augusta W. Grant. -Afternoon session. President Horne being unable to attend Counselor Annie T.Hyde presided assisted by Clara C. Cannon. Meeting opened by singing "Arise, 0 glorious Zion. " Prayer by Sister Elizabeth Webb., Singing, "Let those who would be Saints indeed." Minutes of the previous conference of September 8, 1900, were read, ' . ' by-Siste- r and accepted.Sister Elizabeth-Stevensosaid she felt it is good to be a Saint. Thought our children had great privileges, how careful we should be as mothers, that our children may never have, to suffer for our evil acts. Thanked the - Lord" for inspiring Joseph - n , when-Preside- nt On September 22nd the members of the Relief Society of Raymond Ward, 'with some of the brethren, met at the ward meet-inhouse in the capacity of a surpri.-- e n 'Sister Telitha Avery, first vice-p- i evident of the association, who had just reached the 76th milestone in life She hasa'iway:, taken an active part in religious affairs, was one'of the members of the Relief Society-i- n Nauvoo and has acted as president in some of the wards in Utah. A nice program was carried out, every number being worthy of Two little girls, great special mention. granddaughters ot Sister Avery, sang very nicely, and Sister Margaret Rice, seventy-onyears of age, sang sweetly a Nauvoo g t e hymn. After the program a nice lunch was partaken of and all joined in wishing the lady mnnv-h.mnreturns of the lav j Our Relief Society is progressing nicely. We have purchased a lot on which to build a meeting house and granary in the near future. -j A. SUFFRAGE KAZAR NOTES OirE of the booths at the recent Suffrage Bazar, on the right of the platform, decorated with the national colors attracted nmch interest" It "was that of the enColorado sent a pafranchised states. Ii included a large rticularly fine exhibit. doll dressed in white by the Governor's wife, pressed Rfocky Mountain wild flowers, ornamental china plates glass tumblers with graceful figuies of cowboys and Indians upon them (every cowboy, we were told, was supposed to represent Teddy) pictures of berries burnt on. yucca bark and painted. 011 orange wood, views of the Holy Cross' Mountain and other lands- v " instructions. Sister Mary A. Freeze said she needed to The doll presented by the wife of Opt" come to the Relief Society to get the spirit Hunt, Governor-elec- t of Idaho, was unique of the meeting. She knew the spirit of the among the many gubernatorial dolls of the Lord was with them in the society. She Bazar. Her name was "Miss Idaho." She knew, the women of4 the world had felt the was dressed by a Sioux Indian woman; she spirit of women's organizations ever since wore moccasins and a red dress plentifully Joseph .Smith first organized this society. adorned with wampum and her hair was aaia sne Denevea we snouia use more of from the scalp of a Black Crow Indian. our blessed oil, the Lord knew. What was Idaho also sent arrow heads, petrified Said. she. thought women wood, a cant of good for us. tipped with onyx polished should claim all the blessings due to them, silver, penhVlders and buttonhooks, with believed there was more happiness in the handles of made in the Idaho penagate, world than sorrow. Heard President Snow itentiary, mineral specimens, souvenir spoons said we should aim to live a hundred years. hand china plates, a beautiful calBelieved all scourges are the fulfilling of fskin painted" a baby blanket, a figure representing a prophecy. Cceur de, Alene miner with his pick, Annie T. Hyde saiaV-- we should all saddle blanket taken from the Sioux chief exercise faith for President. Home.: Said "Snow". on the be Hill," moccasins that' the new nurse course numbered 42; Said. let us try to keep the love of God in bur hearts. liged Horse," and other curiosities. -- -- . 7 