WOMAN'S f the sisters, o whom there was a' large number present. Snoke in her usual kind, motherly way a Told the sisters to do their few moments. 'duty and lay up treasures in heaven. at the There being so many more present afternoon meeting Sister, Annie T. Hyde announced the forming of classes in parliamentary usage, and urged the sisters to at least sendjne representative from each ward. Sister Julia C. Howe appreciated the fellowship of her sisters, said it is a day of In every progression, also a day of trial. position we should do ouf duty, temporally and spiritually. Spoke of the Relief En- Society. as being .the parent society. "larged on' the numberless duties connected with this society which we should give our Advised the sisters to close attention. seek the Lord for His help to assist them to perform the requirements made of them. Sister Elizabeth- Stevenson t said it is a blessing and a comfort to mingle.with the Latter-daSaints. She was truly thankful to be one of the people. Likened t he! meetings of the sisters to the school of the prophets, as the things we' lean; here are sucli as we could not learn any where else. Spoke of the day of trial which would surely come upon us, thought we should cultivate kindness and every good quality of character ,and prepare ourselves for the great work of the future. .. Sister Mary A. Freeze said she was pleased to be present, felt blest in the privilege of associating with good men and Told of the anxiety of those who women. could not, visit the Temples and be in constant association- with Ihe prophets of the Lord. Hoped we would all appreciate the Seeking great blessings which .we enjoy. for the spirit is the proper way and will bring us into possession of that spit it, and our Father alone can read the heart, and as long as we keep the faith it will finally, lead us aright. Sister Ruth M. Fox bore a faithful testi-- . mony to the truth of the Gospel and spoke of trials as being stepping stones to glory, .thought thev prepared us for the future and Berendered us more broad and uselul. lieved that happiness meant work and work meant happiness. We want to overcome our vvflmmnd Q;ctr TWnf - - y - tUUJV. U3. 11 HiVl a to be honor member of the Thought it an to be a Relief Sodety and a greater-hono- rmember ofjhe Church. Asked the Lord to bless every one of the sisters In th.eir' efforts to do right. A beautiful solo was rendered by Sister -wnen. iMaggie xiun, uic ung wah.enuueu of end to the the I get way." Sister Lula Greene Richards hoped when "we get to the end of the. way",, we would have the same. sweet singers to greet us. Advised the sisters to have a reccomend ready to pto to," the Temple and take advantage of-i- t occasionally. Believed we all desired to have, our children taught in the way of the Lord. Likened the spirit in the Temple to the spirit of a kind parent, and 11 lUiO 11UI 11 KJ V V. A ' R 71 - - : .. " get there. brother C. J. Thomas rejoiced to hear the good remarks,. which, had been made. While he had not. seen the Prophet Joseph he had seen and heard many glorious and Was thankful for the Wonderful things, honor and the privilege of being called as a worker in the Temple. Said the Lord is in waiting and urging, us 'to'" attend to the glorious Temple privileges. In her closing remarks Sister Home said: "We are very anxious for our sons, but what of our daughters ? Is not their mission as great as any other, and perhaps greater? They bring the souls of" the generations of men to earth. Their mission is wonderful and the sisters should be encouraged in their duties. Conference adjourned for three' months. The quartette sang, "Zion stands with hills surrounded." The singing was a very enjoyable feature of the afternoon's exercises. Closing prar by Sister Sarah' to destroy the beautiful and will only-helfruit which is 'sometimes so "annoying are planted .on the especially where trees ' street. Address all. communications to Margaret A. Caiue, Secretary Utah Silk Commission ' Room 502, City and County Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. p privilege of the Temple and the good we ' j ; Phelps. . Clarissas. Williams, ' - . The chapter of tlie Autobiography of Sister Sarah IJ. Lay ton, and also a part of the Relief Society report of Granite Stake were left out of this issue of the paper after having been "set up," also two poems, but they will appear next month. Save Your Money! a - - And when you jiet a dollar, deposit it with Zion'ri Savings Hank k Trut . Company, the oldest and largest saving hank n Utah. - Since the establishment of the bank Ass't. Sec. we hav.e opened more than IH, 000 ings accounts. NOTICE TO THOSE INTERESTED IN SILK The lav CULTURE. The Utah Silk Commssion desire to call attention to the fact that the time for raising silk is again upon us, and' we trust that those who intend entering upon the work this year will write to us at once for eggs. Those who are taking up the work for the first time will kiudly state the number and size of the' trees from which they can obtain leaves, also the number of persons who can give their time during the latter period of the raising season, so that we will be able to send the necessary number of eggs. We also desire to state that 'eggs can be obtained from the Commission free, and we would prefer to have every one who is going to raise the worms obtain eggs from us, as we provide a quality which gives much better results, than those raised by people having "Hi jl uj i.a.i iiiiy.. t Will U13U 3CUU 01 tree to those wishinstructions pampniet ing any information on this subject. We also wish to remind the people that the season for planting trees is here, and while we have been grv atly pleased with the number of trees - whicrr have been planted during the last few years, yet we are anxious for an increase in this work, as the production of large quantities of silk in the future depends on the planting of trees now. One of the sad things which still comes to our notice is that we occasionally bear of some one's destroying some of the old trees, and we urge those who have become interested in this important industry to be watchful lest any more of these valuable trees be destroyed.' We again ask. those who have trees and dp not care to use them, to allow others to use the leaves, for we assure you: it will only benefit the trees, even if they are strip; ped, they will soon come out much more Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW. STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for. you money.,' 94 wasafraid we were liot appreciating tho K. TH 0 MAS D RY GOO DS GO 67 69, , EXPONENT." - ' We ana to give you al "TRY U S .sav- , oPtitah . perm it married i also children who are minors women to or . savings accounts i?i their own I Ikv.-vo. ir s,ibj:".'t'toJtheir own onh.-rsuch an account? If not. op.-fone NOW . u i Ir We. pay FOUR I'KIl CKXT IN TKIIKST on any amount from one dollar to thousand.-- , and compute sajd" interest four times a - year. WUITE for any information desired. f Lorenzo Sxow. Prest. M. Cannon, Cashier Nos. 1-3- Geojwk Main Street. -5 1 ' . The. Most. Convenient Local Train Service in the State is given by the , . . . . Oregon Sho pi- hln e - FIVF fast Dally Trains Each Way between oau lqkz utjr ditu uyuui. . . See that your tickets read via the "SHORT LINE" And Get the best for tickets to alf points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt' Lake City, t'tah. CITY TICKET OFFICE S. W. Eccles, Gen. TfcMgr. D. E. Burley, G. P. & TA 