Woman s Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands Vol 0 the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, THE CHRISTMAS 30 CONTENTS. Happy Afternoon Ladies' Meeting Resolution of Sympathy Emma Hale Smith Resolution Emma Lucy Gates Granite Stake Utah Woman's Press Club A Semi-Month- ly . i L. L. G. Richards . J. S. Woolley 58 Lucy M. Wright 58 56 59 . 58 A Friend 61 Armeda S. Young 62 L. D. Alder 63 Editorial Christmas Thoughts Wedding Anniversary Birthday Banquet Editorial Notes Poetry The Life Within . . Augusta J. Crocheron Ellis R. Shipp The Natal Day At Christmas Tide Guy Wtmore Cayyrl Sarah E. Carmichael Henry W. Naisbitt Ellis R. Shipp Nineteen.One .... .... 60 60 60 61 57 57 57 59 59 THE LIFE WITHIN. AUGUSTA JOYCE CROCHERON. that had been wrougnt For a rich man's castle and grounds, A dream of beauty that lacked no thought You could offer, within their bounds; For grandeur, beauty and grace were there, (All to be brought and fashioned, where The water ran and the grass grew green. And the ancient trees o'erspread the scene;) And I thought, as I looked upon site and plan: "A beautiful form must shrine the man, Poet and artist, be in his face-- To so transfigure this lonely place." But his form was bent and his face was thin, I saw a model And the eyes looked down not up; The gifts of his soul all hid within, Like gems in a covered cup; Then I thought: "How little we read aright The faces that pass before our sight; For there goes a king without his crown, Ruling, but not by threat or frown; E'en monarch must search for the Master mind, The fitting parts of the whole to find. And the wilderness and the wealth must wait For the soul to shape and make them great. So fairy like, only fingers fine Might touch nor tear such filmy lace; I thought: "What dainty maid did twine These threads with such ethereal grace ? Like the apple bloom, her cheeks fair dye. Like the sweet 'forget me not' her eye, Like silken floss, her loose bound hair And her spirit,, light as the springtime air?" For, only by beauty and youth, it seemed, Were such bewildering marvels dreamed; Only a young life, bright and new Ever such rare ideals drew. But, like magician in strange disguise, Bending, the old lace maker stood; Faded and weak were her faithful eyes, Gone, all the beauty of maidenhood. "When I began to learn this work first? 1 remember no more, than when I nursed. Out of the frost, ere the morning sun, Some of the patterns I have won. In dampened room, where threads may not fray, And on my work one narrow ray, I've toiled life long. We folks need not much-Thfine, gay world for the rich, not such As we; but, I 6ft times think we know Our labors beauty better than they Who wear it proudly, flaunting so, Then drop it, as flowers faded away. While fashion changes another way." Then I thought; "Which is the higher one ? The souls that catch, as life's changes run, Ideals that in the dim silence to touch and sight through all Poverty's patience and sacrifice, Beauties that charm even royal eyes; Or Fortune's fair ones that only know These things after toil hath wrought them so? Secure in wealth, ye wear at rest Another's jewels on your breast. Splendor and beauty that gold hath bought Hath it wrought in your souls its spell ? Or do ye wear it with but the thought That it becometh your beauty well ? . fall-Bri- nging C"7 Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation These are only graced without, Adornings that time and change wear out, While deep in the toiler's spirits grow Visions of beauty in endless flow And though they pass from the workers' hands, finisis anu toners unknown to lame They are the owners theirs the claim What is truly ours; if we but begin To count our treasures ? Just what's within. There was a babe most fair and sweet, (All mothers living think just the same:) 'Twas mine, and my happiness complete, No cloud o'er my silent dreamings came; But what I wondered oft: "What will unfold In this speechless mystery I hold In my arms, when future years shall bring God's purposes to their blossoming ?" O, gently live, that no discord jar Harmony of his soul, to mar The perfect plan that thou knowest not By him once known but now forgot. As the years grew on I watched for a sign, Oft, now and then, I caught, (and smiled) Some clew to the purposes Divine Some blest assurance for the child Then fears for who else ever heard The "still voice" that my spirit stirred, And how can a mother ' 'hush' ' the sound Of a world of strife that gathers 'round In closer circles about her own, And stem back all that were best unknown ? Smiling the while, as by love, to win, Which way his spirit leaned within. By many types, full well I know That every creature he hath framed In our mortality, high or low, Holdeth such jewel He hath named, Within its being. "Hide not thy light," Is His command. Yet gloom and blight Thwart the uprising of the soul; Oppression and poverty control The spirit that else might show forth Its hidden treasures, name and worth; Earth's fault, not God's, for He lets fall Justice and love unto us all. They, who withhold a creature's right Then boast of higher power and mind ; Will such be guiltless in his sight Who in His image made mankind ? That time is passing; through His grace Smiles shall light up the abject face, And humble lives in low estate, Through faithfulness shall be made great. O, Soul, if thou hast found and known The gift He gavest for thine own, Use it, and take back free from sin, The gem He placed, thy life within. THE NATAL DAY. BLLIS R. SHIPP. Oh for glimpse through Heaven's portal, Oh for words and thoughts immortal, And for inspiration's glory To portray that old sweet story, Of our Savior born of woman. Who partook of passions human, Yet was he the incarnation, Sent for mortal man's salvation Who can sense a love like Father's ? Who could give His son for others, Sent His "Best Beloved," 'tis written, To be persecuted smitten By our unbelieving nation, Who rejected Life's Salvation. Only minds divine can fathom Depths of such unselfish passion Yet He sent Him on this mission Though He knew but few would listen. First the Saintly John as presage Of this wondrous holy message, Crying with unbroken sentence To the world. Faith and Repentance, Then Baptism by immersion. And the Holy Ghost's reception. In the Heavens 'twas predestined, That a spirit be commissioned ! ! e ! ! ! NUMBER, 1901 No. 8 . Here to take an earthly body; With surroundings dark and cloudy. With environments of mortals Though he came from Heaven's portals. That this marvelous conception Prove God's plan for man's redemption. But this message from high Heaven To the world sublimely given, Was rejected, and the Savior Treated as a gross deceiver. And they crucified their Master Bringing darkness and disaster, Ah no wonder, nations languish Here for ages in their anguish. ! ! ! 'Twas but prophets, seers and sages. Who for long, eventful ages, Could believe the restoration Of this Gospel's dispensation. But 'tis here. Rejoice ye nations Here the boon of your Salvation, Beaming in its pristine giory With its precepts wise and hoarv. ! Then awake the world from sleeping Calm all fears and solemn weeping, Let all creeds and tongues and peoples Now proclaim it from their steeples, That the pure and olden Gospel, Taught by Christ and His Apostles, Is restored in its perfection, To mankind, for their redemption. Now, while Christendom rejoices, Let all blend their grateful voices, All the world in one grand union, On Christ's Birthday hold communion. Sacred truth is now appealing To each inmost Cause of praise and true thanksgiving, That the Gospel still is living. soul-revealin- g, AT CHRISTMAS TIME. SELECTED. A moment since, as bell to answering bell In twelve clear notes spelt slowly Christmas Day, I was alone. Then, whence I cannot tell, and gowned in ashen gray She came, calm-eye- d Iwatched her slender hand swing wide the door And saw her thread the intervening gloom; The air she stirred upon its bosom bore A breath of indefinable perfume Then, standing there beneath the mistletoe. She beckoned me, and, rising at the sign, I went, as lovers to their ladies go, And touched the lips of Memory with mine ! ! A shadow kiss it was, but in its train Thronged all subservient shadows of the years. She whispered, and the past was mine again, In motley mantled of its smiles and tears; Some magic phial she opened, and there rose Faint, airy arabesques of other times, And age's story through its solemn prose Rang with youth's gaily interrippling rhymes While at the sluggish pulse of age there thrilled A glow as of some unimagined wine, The fire with half forgotten faces filled; I touched the lips of Memorv with mine ' ! Beneath another mistletoe than this, A little lad with what pure lips, ah me ' Pledged boyish troth, and in that eager kiss Life's fingers first touched love's minor key I had forgotten how he used to stand, Slender and straight his little mates among, Till Memory touched with her magician hand These blinded eyes of age and made them ! young ! But Spring, that knew no sorrow, with the flame Of faith's white taper blazing on its shrine, Vanished among the embers as it came: I touched the lips of Memory with mine ! And then a man with steadfast eyes aglow With purpose and perception newly born. Plighted man's faith beneath the mistletoe, Such faith as falters not when it is sworn. I knew him for the one that I had been 