i6 WOMAN'S pleasure at meeting with the sisters, and Referred also at seeing so many present. to the Snow Academy, said it would have an assembly hall with a seating capacity of six hundred. In conclusion eulogized the work of the Relief Society. President Cox said she had considered the advisability of making a donation to the Snow Academy. The proposition was unanimously sustained by the conference and ten dollars was appropriated for that purpose. Benediction by Singing, Doxology. Bishop Anderson: Afternoon session opened by singing "Glorious things are sung of Zion." SingPrayer by Sister Helena Madsen. is what "O truth." say ing Sister Elizabeth Stevenson addressed the conference. Thought we failed to the blessing of having the living appreciate oracle in our midst. Spoke of the high mission of motherhood and of prenatal inMothers should retain the confluences. of their sons as well as their fidence daughters. Paid a tribute to the labors of the teachers, said they were the backbone of the society. Referred to the Relief Society building to be erected in Salt Lake City, and also to the necessity of sustaining the Exponent. She advised promptness in the presidents in giving their reports. Sister Rebecca Warehani spoke of Relief Society work in Nauvoo. Testified to the healing power which had been manifested in her behalf in the Manti Temple.. Stake Counselor Abigail Shoemaker urged the young sisters to join the Relief Society and bear testimony, that they might be strengthened. President Alvira Cox was grateful to Sisters Howe and Stevenson for their visit and for their timely instruction. Testified to the presence of the Spirit of God in the conference. Spoke of the necessity of that Jesus may not say faith, cultivating of us as he did of ancient Israel, "O, ye of Said the instruction in little faith!" relation to funds for the new building had been given to the various branches in the Stake, and she expected each ward to do its duty. Sister Howe said those who were talented in writing should write for the She felt well paid Woman's Exponent. for her visit and had been much interested in the remarks of Sister Wareham. She herself was a living monument of God's Sister Stevenson related an inmercy. cident showing how faith was rewarded. Conference adjourned for six months to meet in Gunnison. Singing, "Lord dismiss us." Benediction by Stake Treasurer Mary T. Peterson. P. S. The 17th of March was fittingly observed in Manti. Interesting programs were rendered and a good spirit prevailed. A. Iy. MARICOPA C STAKE. A special conference of the Relief Society of the Maricopa Stake was held at Mesa in R. K. EXPONENT. the Stake Tabernacle, May 13, 1901, Stake Counselor Francelle E. Robson presiding in the absence of Stake President Mabel A. Hakes, who was unable to attend. The attendance was targe, the sisters feeling to rejoice that they could have the privilege of receiving instructions from one of those sisters to whom we look as guides, Sister Emma S. Woodruff being the first sister to visit this Stake officially to give instructions in Relief Society work since the organization in this Stake. Manj questions were asked and explained. The reports from the different wards were President Susan Savage in giving given. the report of the Papago Ward said that the Lamanite sisters were watching their white sisters ver' closely in regard to the keeping of the Word of Wisdom. Elder E. John Nuttall was pleased with the reports and glad that the sisters were striving to live their religion and each adding their mite in the great cause. The subjects of storing up grain, training our children properly and paying tithing, especially among the young people, were dwelt upon, and that each Stake should send a representative to the General Conference at Salt Lake each year, so that all could be in touch with those at the head. All felt to take the good spirit home and try to live their religion better in the future than they had in the past, Anna E. Fuller, Sec. NOTES AND NEWS. The Fourth of July marked the 125th of the anniversary adoption of the Declaration of Independence. 71 Mrs. Clara B. Colby and her adopted daughter, Zintka, of Washington, D. C, are taking a trip westward. Mrs. Colby will spend several months on the Pacific coast, lecturing and sightseeing. A London confectioner's establishment, which is run entirely by women, has become so great a success that its kitchen has had to be partially turned into a school, where women anxious to learn are taught the confectioner's art. And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings .accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW pay FOUR PER CENT IN-- , TEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier Nos. Main Street. -5 The Most Convenient Local Train Service in the State is open another school for crippled children' making the second school for thes un" fortunates, to which children are transported back and forth from their homes. This will make 160 children of this class to be cared for in this way. Mrs. Livermore delivered the address before the Normal Training School, at Fall River, Mass., on "Graduates' Day," June She also delivered the address before 25. the graduating class of the High School at Melrose, Mass., on. the evening of June 26 WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. ' We aim to give you TR Y U S. given by the Line Oregon Shop Railroad Fast Daily Trains Each Way between Salt Lake City and Ogdtn. . . , . . The Chicago Board of Education wil Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. much as possible for you money. Save Your Money! Betsy Ross was not forgotten on Memor-ia- l day, her grave in Mr. Moriah cemetery and her pew in Old Christ Church, Philadelphia, being decorated with flags and flowers. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, Miss Beatrice Harraden has been honored with the request to send the manuscript of her "Ships That Pass in the Night" to the Glasgow exhibition. She sold the copyright of this work, it appears., for 20 guineas, and a promise of more if the publication should be successful. It was successful, and the first check was followed by four more of the same amount, making 100 guineas in all. Nearly 200,000 copies have so far been sold, but it is understood that no America emoluments have rewarded the author except by courtesy of the publishers. Se that your tickets read via the "SHORT LINE" And Get the best CITY TICKET OFFICE for tickets to all points, Second South Street, Salt Lake City, S. W. Eccles, Gen Tfc, Mgr. D. E. 100 West llah. Burley, G. P. & T. A- - 