WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 104 Jt she naively Stake Board on account of ill health; Mr. Charles Greville, secretary of the think it was Windsor), when to albe would necessary appoint another would like to live there Privy Council, has related with an' amiaV asked how he so .but it counselor, among, many faithful answered that he would like He of entrance first ways? this to unusual him, bility Workers it was difficult to choose. the Sovereign upon her public duties. The vervniuch. on . When the queen opened Parliament a. two after .minutes died at twenty kjng announced Fanny Woolley be elected to fill the she of Kith 1840, the January. m., June 20, '1837, and the young queen her vacancy.- - A vote was takien and Sister to intention marry her nation to the at met the council at Kensington palace of Woolley was unanimously sustained. Never was anything like the cousin, Prince Albert. of Saxe Colburg, eleven a. m. Sister. Woolley expressed her They were married at the Chapel thanks forFanny first impression she produced, orjthechorus Gotha. honor the and conferred, and. was of praise and admiration which was- - raised Royal, St. James, February 10, 1840, willing to respond to the call. Said she about her manner and behavior and cer- all England rejoiced. was productive of mup felt her weakness but knew the Lord would exThis was marriage It without very not , justice. tainly Prince Albert proved a wise assist her to fill the position. Asked ior what far good. and beyond something traordinary faith and prayers of the sisters. Svis looked for. Her extreme youth and Counselor to Her Majesty, and he endeared theSister Julia C. Howe felt it a privileged because to Her himself subjects, world of the Majesty's the and ignorance inexperience Had known and kindness to all the people be with us on this occasion. of love his intense excited naturally her, concerning realm. Their union was blessed Sister Morris for many years.' She had alof the on this act would she how see to curiosity nine children, five daughters and four ways been interested in Primary work. considerwith a was and there occasion; trying Her influence with the children reflected sons. able assemblage at the palace, notwithgreat credit on her, knew she had the conOtieen Victoria was of a very sympathet was notice that short the given. standing with the fidence and prayers of us all. The first thing to.be done was to teach ic nature. She fully sympathized Sister Katherine Wells thought . Sister Aftefa most successful reign her her lessou, wjiich for this purpose, oppressed. years, during which Mary L. Morris should be made honorary Lord Melbourne had himself to learn. She of nearlv sixty-fou- r aid in the Stake Board. The idea was bowed to theX6rds,.took her seat and then Great Britain grew to be the mightest received by all present. read her speech in a clear, distinct and nation in the whole world, the good Queen favorably Sister Morris responded, saying: "While audible voice, and without any appearance Victoria, like other mortals of less renown, hand has its cunning and my brain its passed to the fjreat beyond. She died on my of fear or embarrasment. to act, I am going to work fOr the She was quite plainly dressed and in the Isle of Wight, January 22, 1901. When power of Qod." 7. After she had read her srxech the news of her demise was wired abroad, kingdom mourning. officers of the A number a: expressed their thrill of sympathy and sorrow and taken and signed' the oatb for the it sent love for Sister Morns and regret at losing world. security of the Church of Scotland, the throughout the entire The greatest woman sovereign that ever her from the Primary, and also felt we had privy councilors were sworn the two royal been directed aright in selecting Sister dukes fiisty themselves, and as these two wore a crown is no more numbered among mortals was the universal feeling in all Fanny Woolley to fill the vacancy. old men, her uncles, knelt before her, swearlands' She has run her course, Fanny Fames favored us with the solo, ing allegiance and kissing her hand, she civilized "O Happy Day." blushed to her eyes, as though she felt the finished her work on earth and left a recCounselor h. . A. Wells was pleased to contrast between their civil and their ord behind her that in many- respects has speak a few words in honor, of Sister Mor. natural relations; this'was the only sign of never been surpassed by any of her sex. Her manner! She reigned successfully over a people ris. Referred to their labors together. emotion which she evinced. Sister Amanda Done gave a recitation to them was very gracious and engaging. which like the Americans stands for liberShe kissed them both and rose from her ty, progress and enlightenment "Queen entitled, "The Returning Summer." Sister Mary L. Morris felt honored in chair and moved toward the Duke of Sussex Victoria was certainly the greatest soverwho was fartherest from her, and too infirm eign of Our century," wrote an English being with us. She loved all the officers editor. "She was the noblest, lhe kindest, and had enjoyed her labors with them, but to reach her. She seemed rather bewildered at the multitude who were sworn, the most devoted of women who ever sat was not able to continue her work in the and who came one,after another. to kiss her on a throne. Woman, yes it is that holy Primary. Spoke of her interest in the hand; but she did not speak to anybody, word, heavy with blessings to most born to Temple, and said thkt she desired to labor Felt grateful at this expression of nor did she make the slightest difference in this planet, which Comes to the lips from there. her manner to any individual of any rank, hearts in which it has long been enshrined, love that had been shown her, aud prayed as we stand by the dead form of our be- that God would bless us. station or party. A Vote' of thanks was then tendered SisThe Duke of Wellington was heard to loved queen. She wasalwaysso womanly, so tender and unselfish; so prompt with an ter Morris for her past labors in the exclaim, "If jhe had been my own daughter I coul'd not hove wished her to do arrowy word sped by wise and informed Primary. affection; so'just in her silence; so truly Sister Ricla Taylor ave a recitation enbetter." Victoria was crowned Queen one year eloquent in her speech; so steadfast in her titled, "Trouble in the Amen Corner." After singing, "Our Work " and Our after her, accession her coronation taking trust in all that is best in men and women; place in June, 1838. Some months after so ready to take usall, helpless children, ' Wealth, " and benediction by Sister Barrett, troubles arose over the Dominion of wounded soldiers, broken lives and bruised the company, adjourned to another room The hearts, triumphant servants and conquerwhere refreshments were served, and PresiCanada and Her Majtsty resigned. Duke of Wellington advised the young ing geniuses, into the sunshine of an dent Cobb, in a neat little speech, presented Sister Morris with a handsome, china berry queen to send for Sir Robert Peel, who appreciative and compassionate heart." a was ' it E. but new Tory formed a J. ministry, dish, as a token of love and appreciation made his Peel Robert cabinet. Sir from her readily in the Primary cause. The queen although offering selection. In response tp a gift from the Primary PRIMARY SOCIABLE; she hesitate not did .to no objections say of a handsome berry dish and a very choice The Primary officers' held a special bouquet of American beauty roses and regretted the loss of the Whigs, but Sister Morris said,1 "I . value these yielded without hesitation to the consti- meeting and social in the Templeton buildto her which March in rule tutional honor of tokens of love more than gold and diapart ing, Saturday, required 20, 1901, the retiring cpunselor, Sister Mary h. Mor- monds." with them.. But when Sir Robert interfered with her ris, and also to appoint another counselor Sec. j in her of dismissal the President Camilla C. Cobb place. household, requesting 01 uucness at tne the and presided meeting. Lady Normandy atwas the whom After the to queen Sutherland, opening exercises the roll of entertains the National ConMinneapolis tached, she could hot see why because officers was called and was responded to vention the week beginiiing May o; Entheir husbands were politically opposed to with sentiments. tertainment willj be furnished to all delePresident Cobb in her oneniig remarks Sir Robert Peel, that her householdisliould gates and speakers wbosenames are sent to be broken up, and she declined to dismiss said this special occasion was tendered sisDr. Cora Smith Eaton, Chairman Local to ladies Morris ter of show her our love and esteem for any Committee, 607 Masonic As she was unmarried it was her duty heriShe Bad always done- whatever she. Arrangement Temple. Minneapolis, Minn., or to Mrs. make the to was custom to called to proposal and had do, upon been very Ima Winchell Stacy, Chairman Entertainaccording of marriage. Prince Albert, her cousin, efficient in her work. She now wished to ment Committee, 1322 Yine Place, Minnewas visiting her at one of her palaces, (I resign her position as counselor in the apolis, Minn. ' " -- . - . - " , . . , - -- - co-work- er . cai-natio- " . I Eiaa-W.'Hydk- , , -- ns, . 