V Dora Fletcher and company, "The Nam. ville Relief Society, reported the societyas 'CELEBRATIONS, MARCH 17, J90L garisett Bay." Recitation "The Gambler's being in a good condition. They were all ANNUAL DAY AT MESA. to relieve the united and Wife," by Annie Dutton. Song, by Sisters of Elizabeth Kleb her. and Harriet G. Clark The Relief Society of Mesa Ward, poor and to do all the duties assigned to Mai icopa Stake, held annual day exercises them. "Gently Down the Stream of Time. " Redi lie iseggar ana iiiis Dav,-yl- , Counselor Klvira C. Steele read a greet- on Monday, .March 18, 1901, at Relief lauou, oung, mveet live and i,ucy iienueiMJu. ing from the General Board from the Society hall, sixty members present. SingPresident Laura Recitation "The to presided. Rappleye Bye," by young, girls. Woman's Kxponknt. Kncouraged all o the man. "rrayer oy runse vSoldiers Message,'" by Cora Henderson. mv-von in the work. Kelt ifve wouldH"g'r Pnnsc-tlive nearer to the Lord we would not President E. R. Hakes. Singing. "We A dialogue. "The Sewing Bee," by Deb.i The S. Dunning Harriet G. Clark, Lydia thank Thee, O, God, for a prophet.' have so much sickness among us. Laura Davis, Cora Henderson President K. J. Bennett spoke of the minutes of the last annual day were read. Opening address by Stake President Mi Lucy Henderson, Frances Henderson and general building to be erected in Salt Lake of Sarah Henderson. Singing, City, "Up, awake Hoped this 'Stake- would be second A. Hakes; also read the poem, "Threads Relief first of the Minutes of defenders Zion.". Dismissed by to none in donating. ye Thought." M. S. Sister read in Owen Counselor Clark. 1842. by Bishop's Meeting- was adjourned until 2 p. m. Society Remarks Allen. Barbara B. Emily Stkncj; k, Sec Singing, 'Come, O Thou King of Kings." Pomeroy. Song, who R. E. President Stake Hakes, Benediction by Bishop A. J. Stanger. spoke by Relief of of the Society work, importance Meeting opened by singing "Our God we of and rhise to Thee.'.' Prayer by Bishop R; Tar-suffrage organization. ' were served and the afterRefreshments dine. Singing, "O ye mountains high." President Barrett, Willow Creek Relief noon session began at 2 o'clock by "singing Prayer by "O, ye mountains high." And when you jret a dollar, deposit it S(ciety, reported that society ri a prosper "Redeemer M. Sarah with Zion's Savings Bank & Tnit Johnson. Singing, otis condition Sabel, Milo, Rigby, Iona, of avin company, me oiuest ana Israel." Kagle Rock and Menaii branches were ren bank Utah. Program continued with an address of ported as being in a united, and prosperous welcome by Counselor Sarah M. Johnson. condition. Sinee the establishment of the hank Counselor Klvira Steele felt that we had Recitation "Annie Laurie," Dora Pomeroy. we have opened more than 19,Q00 savWe Song, Dora Gilispie. Essay, "Procrasbeen truly blessed in this conference. ings accounts. have many trials aiM obstacles to contend tination," Annie E. Kuller. Song, "Bring with, but we must press forward and do Back My Loved one," Mary. Pomeroy. The laws of Utah jermit married our duty and the Lord will bless us. Let Congregational singing, "O, my Father." women and also children who are minors us attend our Relief Society meetings, if Testimonies by Ida Johnson, Alice Rich-ento open savings accounts in their own Melissa Ann Babbitt name, subject to their own order. Have we have to take our children with us, for Home, Mary vou such an account? If not, open and Etta Pomeroy. Song,- -. May Kuller. we should not waste these golden opporone NOW tunities. Adjourned by usual exercises the fesBrother Benjamin Bennett, ,of the Kagle tivities of the day being closed by a grand We pay FOUR PER CENT INball in the evening, participated in by Rock ward, said wheirwe honor the priestTEREST. on any amount from one dolhood, pay our tithing- and keep the comT old and young. lar to thousands, and compute, aid Bellk Pomeroy. Sec. pro tern. maudments of God, we are happy; and interest four times a year. WRITE foi any information desired. when we have sickness we can call down CANNONVILL& ANNIVERSARY. the spirit of God upon us Lorenzo Snow. Prest. President Bennett said she very much Anniversary of the Relief Society of Georgk M. Cannon, Cashier missed Sister Emma C. Rushton, her first Cannonville,. Utah, held March 18, 1901. As the 17th came on Sunday, President Nos. Main Street. counselor, who had moved to Oregon, "and as she expects to make her home there, I Deba S. Dunning decided to hold the annipropose that we release her from her labors versary on Monday night, the 18th of in this Stake. She was honorably released March, 190 1, The meeting wa opened by The Most Convenient. local Train Service with a hearty vote of thanks She has singing "Come listen to a prophet's voice." in the State is given by the . . . . . labored unselfishly for" the Relief Society Prayer by Bishop James N. Anderson.' of this Stake. We should be as willing to Singing, "All hail the glorious day." assist those in sickness and poverty as she Sister Alvira A. Henderson made a few has been. Spoke of the duties of teachers. remarks as follows; "I feel to rejoice in Teachers should be "the very best of women, the work" of the Relief Society, where-eve- r I have lived. I have lived here for that they may have the spirit of God with them. Go with your hearts iull of love that twenty-thre- e years, and have helped in the you i:iay have the spirit of discernment." society here. Fifty-ninyears ago the first Exhorted the officers to hold their officers' Relief Society was organized.. The prophet meetings.. "May your mombers increase called on the sisters to relieve the poor."" and the blessings of God be upon you all." Recitation by Mrs. Harriet G. Clark, FIVF fast Dai,y Trains Each Way between President Bennett said as Sister Rushton "The Great Man at the Gate of Heaven." I I 1 l cif t., j nhad been released like Sister E. Then came a song by Mrs. Anna Davis and C. Steele as her first counselor. She was Sister Sarah Henderson. Sister Margaret in the position by a unanimous E. Willis read a humorous composition on 'accepted vote of the conference. The General Board early times in Utah. "A tribute to the and Stake officers were then presented and Sisters of the Relief Society, was read by President Deba Dunning. A song, ''The Se that your tickets read via the unanimously sustained. Sister Elvira C. Steele was set, apart ras End of the Way," was sung by Sisters first counselor to President Emma J. Ben- Lydia M. Dunning and Letitia M. Spencer. V nett. . Song, "Kind Words," by My ra He ward Singing, "How firm a foundation." and Janette Allen. Reading by Martha S. Benediction by :Elder Thomas Lee. Johnson, "Childish Wisdom." JEssav on S.Sec. And Get the best Elizabeth woman," by Laura J. Davis. Bennett, Song, by wete-laborin- g " ' . - -- s ' ? - ., Save Your Money! . . lar-jrb- t - j s, ' - 1 -- -5 . Oregon Shonf Line Iailpoad e i,.-, she-woul- d -j 5 , . "SHORT LINE" : . R K. THOMAS D RY GOODS CO 67 6971 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. . Wl- . Mill IN OUR NEW STORf: a,ul solicit your puron,,;,:. much as oossible for yoii money. r ".-j-- We a!,n to give p y jg CITY TICKET OFFICE for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. S. W. Eccles, Oen Tfc. Mgr. 0. E. Burley, G, P. & U 