WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A CENTURY POEM, BY EMILY K. J 931. SPENCER. Far out on the ocean's waste Where the dreamy Pacific lies, A century faded away, A century falls and dies. A cent ry passed in silence. Save the ocean's ceaseless chime. With none to note it vanish, As it sank 'neath the doom of Time. And no one knelled the parting, Where the stars reflected shine. A moment the century closes A moment and it is gone But the beating of Time's pulses Was calm as it went on, The sighs of winds at midnight, The murmur of the waves, Was the requiem for its dying, As it sank to the centuries' graves, Far out on the slumbering waves, Where the dreamy Pacific lies. This century made its advent As the old, old century dies, A century came with gladness, But no one was along To shout its coming brightness, Or raise a joyful song, For the blessings it will bring us, The righting of many a wrong, Of promises fulfilling, As Old Time sweeps along. Far out on the ocean waves, A century comes with glee. The beautiful stars are shining, And smile their fealty. No human eye is keeping A watch in that lonesome place, While moment by moment 'tis gaining In the hundred years' coming race, As it rises on the ocean, In beauty and in grace, Where are the busy mortals. Each in their dwelling place ? They wait its slow appearing, Nor feel its rising power; To them a century's closing, With every parting hour, For while it came in darkness, So far away at sea, The world had not a knowledge, Of the lovely mystery; For some were just retiring For a night of solemn sleep, While the century is coming Across the mighty deep. In India evening shadows Were stealing o'er the land, The heated air is cooling, By gentle breezes fanned; In England's island, The chimes are ringing noon, While storms that surging o'er it Are not abated soon. They heed not murmuring ocean, Proclaim, ''The Century's here O, Nations heed my voicing And greet the glad fcew Year !" America's fair cities, By the ocean's eastern tide, Are bathed in morning splendor, In their beauty and their pride, While the century's birth's away, Unkept in the water's waste, Unheralded by mortals, e No joy its graced. By the lovely lakes so blue, Like inland seas so large, The faint dawn o'er them creeping. Disclosed each sailing barge. While Pacific waters murmur, The century comes to me; Be careful of your blessings. In the homes of people free, 'Neath the grand old mountain shadows, We slumbered ere the morn, No voice had round us thundered, "The century is born !" Long hours of day were for us, And hours of night as well. Ere we could greet in gladness, The mystic century's spell; But now we hail the New Year. We cheer the century born, It bringeth us glad tidings Of wonders 'twill perform; The century's dawning, welcome By song, and prayer and praise For the glory of its coming, For the promise of its days. As the century came in silence, ! ! far-fam- ! In the midst of the dark, deep sea, We meet it now with gladness, In the land of liberty. Cannon ville, Utah, Dec. 30, 1901. LETTER FROM CANADA. Cardstou, Canada. Mrs. E. B. Wells: Many thanks, dear sister, for your expressions of love and good wishes for my health and ability to perform the mission whereunto I have been called. Our Heavenly Father has been very kind to us. We have been blest with good health since leaving our homes, for which I feel very grateful. And the Saints in this laud have shown us every kindness, and seemed to be satisfied with our efforts and desires to do them good. The Lord has never forsaken us in time of need. Blessed be His Holy Name. Yesterday we were all celebrating "Dominion Day." Today is "Cardston Day," in which they are celebrating their incorporation as a town. Many fine speeches were given this forenoon. Among the best was one from Mrs. Zina Y. Card. President Card left here yesterday to meet Aunt Zina D. H. Young, and to attend, the funeral today at :i a. m., at Magrath, of President Orson Woolley's President Card son, a young man grown. and party from Utah are expected in the afternoon. Tomorrow morning very early we expect to fill some more appointments in company with Sister Woolley and Apostle Cowley, who has been giving us some very fine discourses during the Stake conference just closed. We have had so much rain since coming to Canada that it has somewhat interfered with our traveling around, but we expect to keep at it until we see all of the settle- ments. I will now close and tell you the rest Zina and daughter join when we meet. me in much love to you. Sister Richards has been at Magrath since Sunday evening. Now, dear sister, may you be abundantly blest with health and every good thing you desire, is the wish of, Yours lovingly, Susan Grant. ! birth-plac- THE KING'S DAUGHTERS. Mrs. Margaret Bottome, at whose house the first ten of King's Daughters was organized in 1866, is still the president of the order, which has grown until it has spread over North and South America, Great Britain, Germany, France, Italy, Greece, Switzerland, Denmark, Turkey, India, China, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, the Hawaiian Islands, the Bermudas and There are also circles in PalesBahamas. It is estimated that tine and Smyrna. are members enrolled, says the N. 700,000 Y. Sun. At first the bands were called tens, but the tens had such a way of bursting the bonds of a fixed number that the word circle was substituted and it was allowed to expand or shrink to suit the individual cases. These circles have each its own name, A circle and they do all sorts of things. of poor working girls in Chicago, who had neither money nor time with which to accomplish much, finally decided that there ii was one thing they could do. They could look out for banana peel, orange skin, or any of the deadly, slippery things which are a trap for the unwary. They could kick or throw these dangerous bits of fruit into the gutter, where they would do no harm. They figured that by strict attention to business they would save perhaps half a dozen persons from sprains or broken bones in the course of a month or two, which would be perhaps quite as good as leaving the peelings to cause accidents and then having the victims taken care of in a hospital. Other circles undertake more pretentious work. Scattered all over the country are substantial results in the shape of very hospitals, homes, day nurseries and asyThe Silver Cross Hospital, a large lums. stone building at Joliet, 111.; a Children's Home at Tampa; one at Mount Carmel, Ct.; a Rest Cottage at Louisville; a King's Daughters' House at Hempstead, L. I., and a hospital at Jamaica; rest cottages and hospitals in Massachusetts; St. Christopher's Home at Dobbs' Ferry, where 150 children are cared for; a home for epileptics in Maryland; a summer camp for boys, a babies' camp at Plainfield; a drinking fountain at Lestershire, N. Y.; the ward in St. John's Hospital, Brookare a few of the examples of these lyn work done by the King's Daughters. chil-dren- s' NOW IS THE TIME. Attention is directed to the announcement of Lorenzo Snow and Joseph F. Smith of the donation of a valuable piece of property facing the Salt Lake Temple, on which to erect a building devoted to the interests of the Relief Society, Mutual Improvement Association and Primary Association, making it in all respects a woman's building for Church auxiliary purposes. The situation of the real estate thus appropriated renders it not only of .great pecuniary value, but of such surroundings as will make it attractive to all who are connected with these Church institutions. The sisters are bestirring themselves to obtain the necessary funds among these societies for the erection of a building suitable to them all. It is a work worthy of their energies, and we aie sure that with the devotion and earnestness which attends all their labors, they will succeed in accomThe plishing the end they hae in view. Deseret News cordially supports the movement and now urges upon the people, young and old to aid as far as they possibly can in the construction of this woman's building so that it may stand as a monument of the faith and works of the women and children in the Church, such as will not only attest their interest in. the work ol salvation and elevation of mankind, but be eminently useful to them in the special work entrusted Do what you can, to those associations. and do it at once ! Deseret News. Convocation will be A Kindergarten held at Westminister Church, Buffalo, N. Y., on July I, 2 and 3. Queen Helena, of Italy, has received from her husband, King Victor Emanuel III., a compliment never before paid to He has decreed that any queen consort. ber head, not his, shall appear on the new Italian postage stamps, , 