6SV0MANS EXPONENT. labor in the Relief Society. President said to her had that it would be Taylor' She impossible for him to be here today. Sister Horne.to invited comhad conic and bless-us- . Felt that and fort every time we added it one her more to our adcouldn't vantage.. Prayed the Lord to bless us with His Holy. Spirit. President Sarrflr B. Gibson reported &igar Ward; President Jenson, Forest President Turnbow, Farmers: Dale: Counselor Hamilton, Mill Creek; President Eliza Anil' B. NefT reported .East. Mill Creek and spoke of the faithful few she Said obedience could always depend on. of first lau hea veil. Where is one of the is obedience there lio dissension. there is Gave an account and explained the wav tliey manageu ineir rairs. President K. S. Woodruff said: "Sisters, if you want to ask any 'questions about the "house," you can get instructions from IN MEMORIAM. MA ' . . Sister Home." Miss Winnie Tibbs gave, with much expression, a pleasing recitation. President Woodruff said: "I must now bid you good bye, sisters, and God bless I will leave Sister Mary Young to you. preside. Murray Ward was reported by President Margaret Carruth; South Cottonwood by Counselor Annie M. Thompson. President Pixton, of Taylorsville, said: "Sisters, I feel well repaid by having the ' conference here today and I am sorry our Bishop is not here, but he is a good member, the right man in the right, place. The erection of this"Woman's Building that has "been tal ked "alio lit" Til link :1s good. I hope the project will meet with the greatest suc' cess.'' PniitTiplnr - . Tnrv P Winner cnirl "Wp k V ANN CHRIS! ENSON It Incomes our painful to record the death duty ot our beloved sister.Mary" Ann Chrjstcnson. who departed thisjife 'February 2, She was a great .suiTerer for over two years with dropsy and other diseases. A few of the Relief Soeiety'sisters , visited her two days before she died. She bore a faiUiful testimony of the of God. She goodness died as she had lived, a faithful Latter-da- y Saint. She was born in Allbury Co., Denmark, February U. 1S37. baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints May 28,- 1S33, and emigrated to the valley in iSSj. She was the mother of eleven children, nine of whom survive her. The following resolutions were adopted the Relief Society of the Lyman Ward in honor by of our beloved sister and "eolaborer,' Sister Mary ' - y Ann-Christenso- . KEMiLl-llON- S OF RFSI'KCT. ll'iereas. Our Heavenly Father has called our beloved sister from our midst, who was a faithful worker, a kind and loving mother and a friend to all. Resolved, That our Heavenly 'Fathej has called her home and that we desire to - emulate her example; that we herewith express our sympathy n for her husband and her loving children and grandchildren. heart-broke- Resolved, That these resolutions be placed on the records of the Lyman Relief Society, one sent to the bereaved family and ''one to the Exionem for publication. " Jka.nxette Senroot, Sec. - , MARY CLARKSON LARK. Sister Lark; whose recent, death we record here was born in England sometime over seventy years ago, and receiyed the Gospel in her native land, emigrating to this country with her husband and family for the sake of her religion. She passed away at her home in Woodland, Summit county, Utah. January 28, ajftera severe illness of ten "days vithLaGrIppe7 Her husband preceded her to the "other side" a few years ago, and now she has gone to meet him to part no more forever. She leaves' Tour children, two sons and two daughters, and a host of friends to mourn the loss of a kind and thoughtful mother and adviser. Sister Lark, or Aunt Mary," as she was affectionately designated by those who knew her intimately was a consistent and upright Latter-da- y Saint, arid was regarded as a model woman in her daily life and conversation, never speaking ill of any one. Such an example is worthy of imitation by all, and especially those who profess to live by the Golden Rule. Sister Lark was very highly esteemed by members of the family of President George Q. Cannon, with whom she had been intimately associated in past yearsas nurse and companion in times of sicknessand some of them were acquainted with ' her for thirty years. Her loss will be deeply felt, for she vas beloved by relatives,, neighbors and friends; but our loss is her gain, and those who remain have no need for sorrow, except that of missing her society here Our beloved ones are not lost, they are safe,' and those who loved them here should not mourn without hope of meeting them again, but.strive to follow in their footstep&hat they may attain to the same n. Sister Home thankecj the sisters for the Interest they had taken in her during her sickness, acknowledged the hand of the Lord in raising up lriends to them 'during the time they were quarantined and thanked the Lord for His great goodness to tlieiu. Said she felt like Job the afflictions she dreaded most had come to her. She had been promised her life should be lengthened out to' perform the duties devolving upon her. President Ziiia D. . H. Young said, "Obedience is better than sacrifice." She was glad to be with the sisters. The restoration of Sister Home's health was as the rtstoriiig spirit. Felt 'very much in earnest as to the work which would have to be acThe Lord complished. up the way for His people, If we are humble and faithful and keep the faith of the Lord with us, we will bv blessed and preserved. Sister Annie T. Hyde, said we certainly all rejoiced to have these dtar mothers with us today. Spoke of the words of Solomon, that those who .should look towards the h )ly temple, (iu that day) with prayerful hearts, should receive a blessing. Felt that we are a blest people and should be happy, and not a sorrowful people. Thought, we had everything to be thankful for, and should have faith and teach our children faith. Spoke trr the marvelous way in which we obtained records fd Temple Believed that the Lord would open work. up the way for all who desired to do 1 emple work. Told the sisters of the contemplated' organization of a class in parliamLee. Read" entary-lawwnat tne rropnet Joseph imith said with regard to this in the first organization of the Relief ' Society. Hoped the Relief Society would have a representative atpresidents tend this class, It was certainly necessary for each society to be conducted in a business way. Sister Clara C. Cannon said, "The 17th of March will soon be here and the several branches of the society will take pains to have the meetings, and also collect the fund towards the expenses of the General Society." Thought it Was necessary to remember this' great day. Made good and to remarks the sisters on the encouraging of subjects Temple work, belief in the Gosfaith in the Lord and in His compel,, mandments to us. Sister Cannon also endorsed the study. of parliamentary law and believed it would result in much gpod. wuaici udiiiaucud- wi piunu encouraged the sisters to attend this class. She would and herself it it did if not do her much join wa sure it would good, help others. Knew that the. Prophet endorsed this in his day and tliou'ght it was just as necessaryat the Prayed that the Lord Vou Id present time. help us to keep in the faith,' that we might never go astray. Sister Sarah Jane Cannon said she wished a if tn Jfnin hisw rln;? nnrl fUfrA 11 mnniA UU1U jv I much good. What we learn in this life we will not need to learn in the .hereafter. Was thankful to have Sister Home here Said we should be careful to do 1 with us. the little things of life,, they will often re- . en f ' in mrrA rfot o rrrrA tTi o manias 5wiv. iujugj. Morning session closed by singing MThe time is far spent. " Benediction by has-opene- d -- the reports and give the time to Brother Bennion." Brother Benmon: "I hope I will be led by the Spirit of the Lord in what I say. All these societies in the Church are for our betterment. Those who enjoy these meetings are those who come regularly; and if we attend all our duties regularly we will receive the joy of it. The duty of the sisters is to attend these meetings. I believe those that stand up to speak are more benefited, as they are supportedby their sisters and the' receive peace and joy. If we do every duty then we don't feel any regret for a neglect." He spoke of the necessity of. cultivating charity, referring to the Apostle Paul's teachings. - "Paul in writing to some of the Saints told what a hard thing the tongue was to control. exaltation' hereafter. Alexander, the Great said that he 'who. c m control Jiimself is greater than he "They are not lost, they are within the door shuts out loss, and every hurtful thing, That who can control a city. ' In the Relief With angels bright, and loved ones gone before, Society work is "the place to exercise the In heir Redeemer's presence evermore, God Hirnself, their Lord. and Judge and And of cheerfulgifts faith, love, kindness and King." . ness, as nothings gives such joy as to adS. J. C. minister to others. The Savior, I believe, had joy greater than anyx of us can conSALT LAKE STAKE. ceive, although he had great suffering. xiome is the place to begin to do good, to The Relief Society conference of the Salt love Our neighbor and those around us. I "in the Fourteenth nonor tne sisters of Zion. especially these Lake Stake was held Ward Hall, March 2, 1901, aged ones who have been tried and proved. PresidentAssembly. M, I. Home presiding. ney cannot receive too. much honor. Let opened by singing "Oh Jesus, us-- teach the young people to honor, love theMeeting Giver." Prayer by Maria W. Wilcox. and respect them. God bless you. Amen." "O say what is truth." Singing, Great' O Thou Singing, "Guide us, Afternoon session commenced by singing Present on the stand were Sisters Zina D. Jehovah v Conference adjourned till 2 p. ru . Benediction by President Elizabeth II. Young, B. W. Smith, M. L Home, "How firm a foundation." Prayer by SisSarah T. CannonAnnie T. HydeClara C. ter Clara C. Cannon. A cmartette from "the Pixton.' .,'will leave the rest of - ,' , ' : - . . ' - ; 1 -- J 1 x V4 V KXKJ i -- V . CTo-becdntinued.) V . Cannon, Maria Wilcoxx and Julia C. Howe. After some business reports were given, Temple choir sang 1 0 Jesus, the Giver of- - 