WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Stake of Zion was represented in that Ice gathering of five hundred and over. cream, strawberries, cake and lemonade were served to the entire company by a Zion is growing bevy of beautiful girls. and the are rapidly youth advancing in wisdom, knowledge and understanding. The Tenth Ward Primary Association held its annual meeting on Sunday evening, The meeting house was crowded May 26. to overflowing. The floral decorations were profuse and very beautiful, great bowls of sego lilies and many varieties of wild flowers, also roses, pansies, peonies and honeysuckles in abundance. The frawas like of a flower that grance garden, but the beautiful children surpassed even the lovely flowers, and the order was excellent. Mrs. Paul, the president, possesses in a rare degree the essential qualifications to interest and attract the children. She pressed with grace and dignity and has undoubtedly in the short time she has had charge won the love of the little people of the ward in her care. The exercises were well rendered and the selections for the program were so carefully arranged as not to be tiresome to the children. President Camila Cobb and her counselors, with one or two aids, were present, also Mrs. E B. Wells, Bishop Spiers, Prof. J. H. Paul, Mrs. Elizabeth Paul, (president of the Tenth Ward Relief Society) and a large number of the parents of the children. The Book of Mormon exercise given was one of the best features of the evening and reflected great credit on the part of those in charge as well as the little people who gave it. Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs. C. Cobb and Bishop Spiers each made a few remarks commending the work done and good order observed during the meeting. The Primary Association deserves our fostering care, and parents cannot be too mindful of those who are giving time, thought and care to their children, training them in the spirit of the Gospel and in those things that tend to right and righteousness. SUPPLEMENTARY. The sketch of the life and death of Mrs. Maria Taylor McRae, of Thatcher, which was published in the Exponent of May 15, was not quite complete, as it did not contain notice of her work in women's organizations, therefore we add now what was sent us, but by mistake was omitted from the article. Sister Maria McRae was chosen secretary of the Relief Society of St. David, Arizona, April 18, 1878, and afterwards chosen counselor to Sister Cyrena Merrill in the summer of 1880, having, of course, resigned In February, her position as secretary. 1891, she was selected to take charge of the When Relief Society store at that place. a change was made she was chosen counselor to Sister Elizabeth Layton, July 3, 1883, and was afterwards elected president of the Relief Society in July, 1885. and continued in this position until moving away in 1893. Many accounts are given of her great labors and good work in helping to build the rock meeting house there and in caring for the sick and poor and ministering to those in need of spiritual or temporal Arizona, -- comfort. She was chosen first counselor in the Primary Association in the Thatcher Ward in February, 1894, and an aid in the Relief Society Stake Board, St. Joseph, Septem 5 ber 13, 1895, which position she held at the time of her decease. These items were furnished by the sisters at Thatcher, but do not state very clearly in regard to the wards in which she labored so efficiently, but we do feel too much cannot be said in her praise. ' 'It may well be said of her, her children rise up and call her blessed, her husband also, and he praiseth her." That her children may emulate her noble example and be as faithful and as true as their mother, is the ardent wish of the writer. E. B. W. A FAITHFUL WOMAN. Editor Woman's Exponent: Our Relief Society in Fairview, Utah, feel that more than a mere notice of the death of our beloved president is due to the memory of her worthy life, therefore they send you her biography that after you have made whatever changes you desire, it may be published in the Exponent. Mary A . Pritchett was born July 4, 1819 in North Carolina. At the age of two years her parents removed to Virginia. The rest of her life up to the time of her coming West was spent in the grand old historic state. All the Southern fire and chivalry peculiar to her race whose ancestors were French, coursed through her veins. In 1839 she was married to Joseph M Pritchett, a well to do Virginian planter, and became the mother of . sons and daughters, eight of whom grew to maturity. The Gospel was brought to her by Jed. Grant, Joshua Grant, Joseph Park, D. O. Rideout and Hamilton. At the time the war was devastating the South, and they living in the confederate State, were called upon to furnish patriots for the rebel army and some of her sons were "soldier boys." After receiving the Gospel herself, her strongest desire was that the hearts of ber children be touched, and that they all gather to Zion. One thing that the better enabled her to succeed in gathering her family to Utah, was that the horrors of war were upon and all about them; and though the sons fought for the South, and their hearts were naturally loyal to their own district, yet they felt that their cause was hopeless, and having been pressed into service bv not the most of their fellows, they were very anxious to bid All but one served gfood bve to the ranks. his term, and that one bid good bye to his pards one day hi the woods and traveled westward, just three days before the terrible fighting at Richmond began. Her husband was enabled to dispose of his property and prepare for the journey "across the plains" in the autumn of '64, going to Ohio where she was to join him Accordtwo months later at Portsmouth. ingly herself and two youngest children, a. boy and a girl aged respectively 15 and 13, and a married son with his wife and two babes, and a married daughter with three very small children, began the overland journey. Their outfit was an excellent one for the time, consisting of two good teams and wagons well laden with excellent food, clothing and bedding, one extra horse to ride and ten head of stock. They had proceeded but about 73 miles on their journey when a band of Guerrillas law-abidin- - g 'relieved them one evening of all their 'loose stock and all their horses save the one the boy rode while herding; not only that bat they caught the boy with a rope that they did not hesitate to say was to lift him above the earth with, and he was obliged to cut through the mountains alone in bypaths to save his life. The indomitable spirit of this woman never flinched, though they must now journey on foot, these five people with their five helpless children, leaving by the roadside all the provisions they had made for their comfort to be taken by any wayfarer or by foragers from either army. Not for one moment did she turn her eyes backward toward her former friends and relatives, not even tho' she was well aware a warm Southern welcome would have been extended to her with all the comforts within the power of their courtesy to bestow, especially if she had left her religion with her provisions. An account of the many difficulties and hardships she had to meet and overcome, or bow beneath, while they traveled a distance of about 200 miles, through the heart of the battle swept country in the late autumn and early winter, when rain was of almost daily and nightly occurrence, would make a book of no small dimensions, and that would not be lacking in thrilling events or stirring loyalty. At Brownsville they took steamer for Portsmouth where she met her husband and afterwards they took passage for St. Louis. In the spring of '67 they prepared to cross the plains with a company of the Saints, and her history fiom that time on became the history of the Saints, so well known to all. Fairview was their final stopping place and their home has been in this ward ever since. June 14, 1869, the Relief Society of this ward was organized and Sister Pritchett was chosen its president, which responsible position she has held with dignity and pride up to the day of her decease, February 27, 1 90 1, having been elected president of the board of directors in 1893, at the organization according to the laws of the Territory. As we review in mind her life work we wonder if there are many who ever with so scanty opportunity performed so many blessed deeds of charity and benevolence. She was ever at the bedside of the sick; her motherly counsel was never sought in vain either by man, woman or child; the needy were never refused assistance when they applied to her, and were usually supplied with employment the best of help to the Her spinning and weaving never poor. so hard that she had not time her pressed to attend to her religious duties. Regarding the society under her direction she often received inspiration and sometimes revelation on questions that were not then understood, but that were later explained by those more experienced, or in higher places in the very same way they had been revealed to her. Her tenacity in adhering to counsel was something wonderful, and due to this quality is the lact that our comparatively small society has 2,343 bushels of wheat on hand in excellent condition. She always had a desire to "die in the harness," and her desire was granted her. During her last illness of two months the responsibility of the society rested on her mind. She did not forget to send in her 