WOMAN'S 4 EXPONENT. considered by the people among whom alHis was a most his entire life was spent. , master-spiritand a mind quick to grasp and settle great and grave questions; he was EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. one who entered into detail and never missed a point. He seemed to see everyin Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, jjii.oo; one copy six months, small and thing, great, and remembered 50 cts No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivman than the writer has ever better any ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. woman and child, man met, every person, dvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariel s seen He had a before. he whom had ever A liberal cpace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. unt to regular advertisers. most remarkable memory of incident and Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple was quick to discern character. He had a Street; Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every wonderful faculty of controliug and of day, except Sunday. guiding people of all classes and nationalAddress all business communications tc ities. One might fill volumes with inciMrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah dents of his life worth recording. It is well to keep before the youth of Zion the attriEntered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Ltah, at butes and active deeds of this great man, s matter. and to perpetuate his memory in every way Woman's Exponent semi-monthl- di-- second-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, June, 1901. IMPORTANT NOTICE. The conference of the General Relief Society talked of for June of the present year has been postponed, because of so many conferences and public meetings and festivities being held this month. It is likely, however, that two or three meetings of the society will be held at a date to However there be decided upon later. will be a gathering of this large and important organization at Saltair on the 9th of July for the benefit of the Woman's Building, which is to be erected in this city and the people far and near are urged to help make the affair a social and financial success. Every effort possible will be made to get special railroad rates for those coming from a distance. THE NEW VOLUME. This issue of the Woman's Exponent begins a new volume, opening the thirtieth year since its commencement, June 1, 1872. During that period much has transpired of interest to us as a people, to the world at The large and especially to womankind. women of Utah and of the Church of Saints have Jesus Christ of Latter-damade great advancement along many lines To all those who have kept of progress. on file the copies of this little paper this fact will be apparent in looking over the We are often copies from the beginning. asked for old copies, for instance, today comes a request from Amsterdam for certain copies needed to make up a complete file for a collection of women's papers of the world. If our sisters in the Church could be impressed with the value of this litttle journal they would certainly sustain it better. Let us prophesy good for our own woman's work, and let us believe what we foretell and endeavor to make it. come to pass by using all the influence possible to maintain home literature, as well as home manufactures and home productions. possible. It was gratifying indeed to see so many honor his hundredth anniversary, and to hear the many encomiums of praise of his life and character from the speakers on that occasion. And as time rolls on more ard more will the people of the world be willing to acknowledge his good works, his deeds of alor, his humanitarianism and his greatness of soul. The program of exercises at Saltair on June 1, was very well rendered and the music was specially fine; the weather was President Lorenzo Snow very favorable. was present arid some of the Apostles, and there were several of the sons and daughters of President Young. Of his wives there were present, Margaret P. Young, Eliza B. Young, and Amelia F. Young. President Zina D. H. Young was detained at home on account of the illness of some of her grandchildren. There were many from a distance, relatives and friends, and it was pleasant to see the old friends and to meet them, even for a few minutes. Time rushes onward and ere long there will be but a few people living who knew Brigham Young personally. Brigham Young was a true friend to woman and he reposed confidence in women, and was ever anxious to see our sisters step forward in the line of progress and advancement; he favored woman's entire freedom in all the walks of life. EDITORIAL NOTES. A meeting of the daughters of the Utah pioneers was held at the residence of Mrs. Alonzo E. Hyde, in this city, on Thursday, April 11, 1 901, invitations having been previously issued to a number of the daughters. A society was organized in a preliminary way and a Committee on Constitution appointed. Mrs. Annie T. Hyde was elected president; Maria Y. Dougall and Alice K. Smith, Alice M. Home, Julia P. M. secretary; Farnsworth, corresponding secretary, and Minnie H. James, treasurer. Since that time other meetings have been held and the Constitution framed and adopted. There is to be a celebration of a suitable nature, ONE HUNDRED YEARS. possibly on the memorable 24th of July! The first day of June of this present year The objects are to perpetuate the memory marked the century hour of the birth of of the heroic pioneer forefathers and and to promote Brigham Young, the founder of Utah, the the posterity of these renowned great pioneer, colonizer and organizer, and among veterans. for forty three years president of the Church Saints. of Jesus Christ of Latter-daAt the meeting of the Reapers' Club was of one the Brigham Young greatest Monday, June 10, Mrs. Carrie S. Thomas men of the nineteenth century, perhaps the gave an entertaining talk on her trip to greatest except Joseph Smith, certainly so England, France, Scotland and Wales. She vice-presiden- ts; fore-mothe- good-fellowsh- y ip rs had evidently traveled with her eyes open and made the places of which she spoke Mrs. Thomas visited old seem very real. churches and described them well, and she She told us of people who interested her. imher Paris and of spoke charmingly and of the wonderful of that city, pressions in admires she whom French people greatly of sort the She compared many ways. English and American working people She thoroughly making it very realistic. enjoyed seeing Sir Henry Irving in the play of Robespierre, and on another occasion was fortunate to be present at one of his readings, which she appreciated very much. Mrs. Thomas is a delightful talker and the club feel her presence in their midst again a great pleasure, and joyfully welcome her home again from her long sojourn abroad. The conference of the Young People's Associations that convened in this city on June 2 and 3 was one of great significance, and the attendance was very large indeed. The veteran president of the Church was present and gave the opening address, which was very gratifying to the assembly. It was also a great satisfaction to hear the young women speak in the large Tabernacle as well as the young men. It really made one feel as though this were indeed The great organ the woman's century. pealing forth its wonderful tones with the fine singers, both men and women, added more to the grandeur of the services than one at a distance would imagine. As a people we are highly favored to have the great Tabernacle and the wonderful organ which ar'.ds so much to the loftiness and superb effect of such occasions. Ceitainly a conference such as this has been must have an uplifting tendency upon the associations as a whole, and the spiritual benefit should, and one would think, must be and make a lasting impression. far-re?chi- The reception given by the Y. M. and Y. L. Associations at the Bee Hive House on the evening of June 4, 1901, surpassed all others of its kind in some of its main features. The house itself is historic, built at an early period by the founder of Utah, Brigham Young, and at that time Governor of the Territory, and it is where many parties and dinners were given to distinguished people during that period as well as afterwards on many occasions while President Young was living. At present it is the residence of President Lorenzo Snow, whose life and labors are a part of Church history, and who, at the advanced age of eighty-seveyears, still maintains his and vitality energies with all his faculties in a truly wonderful degree. His presence at the reception was a great attraction and hundreds of young people from a distance had the opportunity of meeting him personally and exchanging greetings, which was doubtless fully appreciated. It was surto see with what prising genuine enhe entered into the joyment general spirit of the program, particularly the musical part. The decorations of fresh flowers were exquisite and a perfect delight to flower-loverMrs. E. S. Taylor, president of of the great association of young women was also present and though not able to take part in the program it was a pleasure to have her in the midst of the young ladies in whose interest she has labored so faithfully and traveled so extensively twenty-on- e years this June. It is probable every n s. 