Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE, Vol. 30 CONTENTS. Prominent Women Visitors The Editor Autobiography of Sarah B. Layton Ladies' Meeting, J. S. Woolley Saints- A Tribute of Respect to the Latter-daSemi-Month- ly 1 1 2 y Mary F. Kelley An Item of History Bathsheba W. Smith H. B. H. Reorganization Nineteenth Ward San Francisco Relief Society. .Mina A. Tovvne E. B. Y. Supplementary 3 3 3 3 5 Faithful Woman.'. Euphrasia Day Around Pacatello Stake. .... .Martha Scadden Obituary R. S. Reports E. B. W. Mrs, F. S. Richards Domestic Life and the Professions. E. R. Shipp 6 6 6 Editorial 4 4 4 4 A .' Important Notice The New Volume. One Hundred Years Editorial Notes Poetry What of the Hour , . Susa Y. Gates WHAT OF THE HOUR 7 7 7 1 ! Watchman, what of the Hour ? War with his lusty lungs, Cries aloud in ten thousand tongues, Greed in a palace still holds sway While poverty weeps in her hut today. Dark and drear is the outer gloom, But the hills of the East with promise bloom. Watchman, what of the Hour? Art with a troubled air Is sketching here and singing there, Science bold, in spite of the dark, On even religion has set his mark. Watchman, what of the Hour ? Love, with a hundred wiles Hath dropped his standard, cheapened his smiles, Manly virtue is a thing to find, While womanly patience seems left behind. Dark and drear is the outer gloom, Yet the hills of the East with promise bloom. Watchman, what of the Hour ? Faith with her gentle grace Hath met with Science face to face. Bigotry pipes, they dance to his call, But truth waits ashamed in the outer hall, O, dark and drear is the outer gloom, But the hills of Zion with promise bloom. Watchman, what of the Hour 1 Fear with a terrible shout Hath slain Restraint and let men out. But Hope with grace and manner mild, Hath set in their midst an Innocent Child. Charity bends with her generous gifts, O'er sickness and sorrow her cross she lifts. Watchman what of the Hour? War hath a myriad stings But Mercy stoops low with healing wings. Both Science and Art will some day wed, And religion will bless their marriage bed. If dark and drear be the outer gloom, Lo, the hills of Truth with promise bloom, The watchmen sing Together shall the) sing For they shall see eye to eye, when they bring - again Zion ' . Susa Young Gates. " ; ! ! - ; PROMINENT WOMEN VISITORS. Mrs. Mary Urquhart Lee, who in Salt Lake City gave lessons in Parliamentary Law and the art of expression, had an opportunity not long since to speak betore the California Club in San Francisco and gave her opinion of the 'Economical and Industrial Condition of Women in Utah." We are very grateful to Mrs. Lee and glad that she had the courage to speak in a large gathering of women of the world, the fashionable society of the metropolis. The newspapers reported Mrs. Lee thus: "She 1 emphasized their immense purposefulness and their ability to do mental as well as She attributed their physical drudgery. attainments to the religious influence which caused them to do much public speaking, to the fact that they had to be producers as well as consumers, to the altitude in which they live, which was conducive to mental activity, and to the full freedom they enShe devoted joyed under equal suffrage. some time to telling of the progress made in silk culture." Mrs. Martindale, of England, and her two talented daughters paid a visit to this office during the month of May. We had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Martindale at the International Council of women in London, in 1899, and she presided at the meeting in St. Martin's Hall on the day when Mrs. Susa Young Gates gave her paper on Domestic Service, a subject in which she is much interested. She felt not at greatly disappointed meeting Mrs. Gates here. The mother and daughters had been making a tour of many countries, visited the Holy Land, India, Australia, New Zealand, New South Wales and the most interesting Eastern cities of European countries. Mrs. Martindale has a residence in Brighton and is president of the Brighton Woman's Liberal Association. One of her daughters is a physician and the other an inspector of public institutions for children. The ladies visited ail the historic places of interest in the city and were greatly pleased with what they saw and heard while here. We were very agreeably surprised on June 8 by a call from Mrs. Mary Lowe Mrs. Dickinson, of New York City. Dickinson was er. route to Portland where she is to give some lectures, thence to British Columbia, where she has several appointments. She intends returning via Salt Lake City, and will remain here two or three days. Mrs. Dickinson is well known in the United States and in foreign lands as secretary of the King's Daughters, an International society which is one of the largest organizations in the world, and has done and is doing a magnificent work Mrs. Dickinson among young women. does much work through the medium of the Silver Cross, a monthly magazine issued She by the Society of King's Daughters. is the author of a number of books of both Our sisters know Mrs. prose and poetry. Dickinson through the National Council of Women of the United States, of which she was at one time president and is now one of the honorary presidents. She is known in educational work, gives far and wide lectures in colleges and Universities on various subjects of higher education. When she returns here on her way home we sincerely hope she may have the opportunity of addressing our young people in one or more of the institutions of learning in Utah, and of meeting more of our people Mrs. Mary and visiting places of interest. Lowe Dickinson ranks high among the celebrated women of the age. Mrs. Josefa Humpal Zeman is another celebrated woman who visited Salt Lake recently and spent about ten days here. No. 1901. ' ( 1 She was accompanied by her sister, Miss Zeman and Mrs. Ema Zerzan. All of them are Bohemians, and have established themselves in Chicago where they have lived ever since the Columbian Exposition. Mrs. Zeman represented Bohemia at the World's Congress of Women in 1893, and attracted a great deal of attention among club and society women; directly afterwards she founded a newspaper entitled Zenske Lisiy, the woman's paper of Little Bohemia, a part of Chicago where many Bohemians reside and have their own clubs and places of amusement, also churches. The paper is entirely conducted by women and is now issued weekly though started as a monthly. Mrs. Zeman has a charming She enjoyed her visit to Salt personality. Lake very much. She spoke while here most entertainingly to the Reapers Club on Monday afternoon, May 26, and to the Woman's Press Club Friday evening, May 31. Below is what one of the Chicago papers says of this charming Bohemian woman: The personal history of the woman who founded and now manages and edits Zenske Listy is interesting. Seven years ago she was a delegate to the She was born at World's Congress of Women. Her father was 'a patriot of Pisek, Bqhemia. intense devotion and became a voluntary exile from his native land about the time Josefa was four years old. The family came to America and the foundations of the daughter's education were laid in the public schools of the United States. In 1 88r they returned to Bohemia, Then the little Josefa was given a taste of the native institutions. She had a private tutor for awhile who awakened in her an ardent admiration for the history, the development and the civilization of her own land. Afterwards she attended the high school of Pisek emod and became confirmed in these tions of loyal affection to the fatherland. Her family returned again to America after three years, and went to Chicago to reside. Josefa desired above everything to respond to the stimulating atmosphere of progress about her and to assist her countrywomen to do likewise. There appears to be that in the Slavic w oman which was formerly in the Huns a mental unrest which makes for a forward and upward movement of an profoundity. Of the Slavic race was Sonya Krukovsky Kavalensky and Marie Bashkirtseff, both of whom astounded the world with their masculine genius. deep-roote- epoch-makin- g There are many points of special interest connected with this charming woman which we may give our readers at another At the World's Congress of time. Women she came to be known as "the eloquent little Bohemian," and was at that of the Intertime elected a national Council of Women. vice-preside- nt Editor. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SARAH B. LAYTON. (Continued.) The next spring we fenced a field and planted some potatoes and wheat and were But that fall beginning to feel at home. (1857) word came to us that all the missionaries were to come home on account of the We now threatening trouble at home. set to work gathering up what we could and preparing to start home. Some of the people had sold their teams and wagons and We could not return, so they remained. took what we could and left the rest, and 