AVOMANVS iiicilals -- Riven her by royalty ' and diking ; niched jeople of the nobility of foreign - President Seegmiller presunted for vote General and Stake officers .of the Relief Society all sustained by sisters. President Seegmiller was pleased to hear rriwirts of sisters. Snoke of the Lite General Conference; of the second coming of Christ; of the labors of the Prophet Joseph; building up of the Center Stake of Zion. Thought the Relief Society 'was doing a great work. Secretary Mary Swindle read Stake report. President Christina Soieuson spoke of nurses clas;. of membership fee; hoped we would be prompUthis afternoon. Minutes "read and approved. Singing, "lia'rth with her ten thousand flowers." Benediction by President W. Seegmiller. At 2 p. m. conference continued,- President C. Sorenson presiding. Singing, mountains ''0 ye high."' Prayer by - Minutes of last conference us rejoice." read. Klsi-uor- Relief Society in 1842, and the affair was a A fine brilliant success. banquet was ' given and all present had the opportunity of partaking of the delicious viands. Presi dent Angiis M. Cannon pronounced th.Q. e: . rs . . - Vice-Preside- nt - -- In the Twelftlr Ward, in this city, Bishop II. B. Clawson and Relief Society President Julia Druce united in celebrating the anniversary of the organization of the n. tithing granary. , EDITORIAL NOTES. ef President Laura Staples reported sisters are united; teachers are well received; grain in tithing granary. Sister Cora Birdsall represented Monroe Relief Society: have testimony and work meetings; sisters united: wheat in tithing granary. Joseph, Inverury.Burrville, Mary svale, Aurora, Venice and Redmond not reported.. President C. Sorenson spoke of the Qeneral Relief Society House to be built in 3alt Lake City. Related the success of the R. S. REPORTS. committee who went to see President Snow, and that we ye expected, to do our part. SEVIER STAKE. Spoke of the joy ofour aged sisters to look tinfe when the place vvill.be Minutes of the Relief Society conference forward to the ofthe interest taken bv all the held at Richfield, in the Relief Society hall rnmnleted: Stake at ten a. m., November 24, 1900, President Stake presidents, who voted each Would do its' part. Hoped the sisters of Christina Sorenson presiding. our Stake wouldnot be behind in this work. Meeting opened by singing, "We thank Mary E. Magleby read Thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by from the Exponent of March 1899, aboutSinging, "Prayer Sister Agnes Thurber. also read a circular from the is the soul's sincere desire." Minutes of this houset General Board, dated November 2, 1900, the last conference read.and accepted. also the Relief Society, President Christina Sorenson made open- about this building, and Primary having an interSpoke of the instructions Young Ladies ing remarks." in Salt est in the same. given at the General Conference Vice President Ellen Hanson said, "I am Lake City, also of the second, coming of be numbered with the sisters of the Christ and the building up of the center glad to Relief Society, it is good to speak by the in. Said tcrprepare ourselves, Stake of Zion. away fluence of the Holy Spiri- t- Cultivate our seta good example to our children, put showa good example to our chil- selfishness and keep the Word of Wisdom,.. ...speech, us live numoie oeiore ine.x,ora, President A. Thurber reported the Rich- dren. iet and usk the- Lord to Priesthood The sisters are. trying obey the field Relief Society us to do our duty. 'to do their duty; teachers report favorably; help Brother G. M Jones favored us witn. a visit the sick; meetings held Folks at Home, ' ' 'Visions of solo, and fcrjmary, Ladies visit the ..Young old-time- , Koosh-arem'Reli- do their duty; ' grain in - -- Mar-- Yer-m'llio- e p . . . sisters willing to help; felt to do her duty. SisU;r. F'lizabeth Gh dhill reported sisters are interested and willing to the Saints of the Fourteenth Ward and many of the residents, now scattered in other parts .of the city, held a reunion under the auspices of the Bishop, but the affair was largely in the hands of the young .people. Love airigoodfellow-shiabounded, and there wTis a fine program rendered and man1 interesting reminiscences were given. This historic building is one of the first of its lnd erected in this city and many enjoyable gatherings have convened there. President Brigham Young and many of- his colleagues have danced there 'in the early days, President IUiza R. Snow Smith has. often been present there, both on festive and sacred occasions. It has always been a favorite place for recreation as well as meetings. Dr. Willard Richards, Dr. Levi Richards, and Elder" Thineas Richards, all resided in that, ward, also Apostle Franklin D. Richards and his brothers, Samuel B. and Henry; P. Richards, for very many years. President John Taylor and Patriarch! Joseph Home, also at an early period Pjesident George Q. Cannon; and: his brother, Angus M., President of this Stake-oZiou, is still a resident there. Many made brief remarks during the evening, there was sweet singing and music and dancing, and the program closed with "Auld Lang Syne.'? Delicious refreshments Were served to all the invited guests, and the hours flew swjftly by. These are the green spots in life's pathway. old-tim- y Anderson reported Society in good condition. Always felt well, paid in coming to conference. Sister Josephine' Jensen reported Salina Relief Society, in .good condition; grain in their own granary all right; sisters willing to perforin their duty5 visit Young Ladies . and Primary. President A. M. Dastrup reported Sigurd Presicje;it On Friday evening the 21st of March, Foster's guests of honor were two - gianary. Wells was present by invitation, as also several other notable men and women. ; charming daughter, Jayta. Of other not ed people and historic. places in York.'. we Washington. , Baltimore and New O will tell you more anon. , seihi-monthl- well it is difficult to make special references but an exception must be made in favor of Miss Druce's piano playing, she bids fair to make a brilliant pianist. Governor -- cousins of hers,' Miss Houghton, of California, and Mrs. Bradbury, oi Boston, very interesting and intellectual women, whom she wished to present to her friends. Among the ladies who attended were several "we had met before, but many were total strangers. Mrs. Olive Logan, whom we had met at the Republican reception, well known as a writer and speaker, and sister ot the late Gen. Logan; she has recently married quite a handsome young man, (though she is advanced in years) who has taken her name, aujj seems very pioud to be the husband of so eminent a voniau. Another celebrated 'woman present whom' .we knew very well, was Mrs. Ida Husttd Harper, of Indianapolis, who spends her winters in Washington, a famous writer and brilliant journalist,- - She made one of the best speeches, if not the best, at the International Congress of Women in 1S99. Mrs. Harper wrote4, the Life of Susan B. Anthony and is now engaged to write (indeed has begun the work) the Fourth Volume of We met in WashingWoman's Suffrage. ton also Mr Snrn Andrews Sneneer. our good friend when we first visited conventions in that city, and Mrs. Ellen Spencer Mussey, a woman lawyer who holds many responsible positions of honor; Mrs. Belva A. Lockwood, a dear old and tried friend; Marilla M. Ricker, firm as the everlasting hills in friendship and fidelity, and Dr. Kate Waller Barrett, with "whom we dined at her own home in Alexandria, a home full of beautiful things and a jolly, happy family of young people; Mrs. Fannie Humphreys Gaffney, President; of the National Council of the United States, .and her husband and Sister Hannah Roberts reported. Anna-,bell- a Relief Society doing a good work; grain in their, own granary; have a good ' lot of sisters;' teachers visit regularly. President Mary Buchanan reported Glen- wood Relief Scciety; sisters are willing to donate; hold meetings; have a go(d lot of sisters; grain in their'own - 1 Mrs. 9i blessing uporuhe food. 'The program was delightfully carried out, Elder Thomas L. Woodbury was .master of 'ceremonies. and carried his part well. George Margetts, yd Sydney Clawson provoked a great deal oP merriment and- Mrs. "Nellie Brown warbled ragtime melodies quite naturally to the accompaniment of the banjo. Music, both vocal and instrumental, was excep- tionally good, and the "solos by Nellie Druce Pugsley and Seymour B. Young, jr., Indeed where all do were.simply divine. lands and our. own, in recognition oMier Miss Bar-- ' work for, suffering humanity. ton's name is. not only engraven on medals uf 'honor .and precious gilts set ..with jewels, but on tlwi hearts of many, 'thousands at h.iine and abroad, never to be obliterated. She is a- - ankee ot tlie old Bay State, bom in'Oxford. She is small with rather strong features and unpretentious and unassuming In appearance, but great and heroic in soul and in purpose, and with the ability to cope with all adverse conditions and bring order out of chaos. A rare woman of extraordinary endowments, she has blazed the way for her sisters of the Red Cross, who have the courage to follow in her footsteps. On the afternoon of the same day we attended a reception given by Mrs. J. Ellen Foster, at the 'Portlier," where we met many more ladies and a few gentlemen, and had an t')icntnttr so to sjeak, with a Methodist minister who knew the Rev. T. C. IliiT, and had visited Utah. We invited him to come again, and bee for himself and get facts. EXPONENT. ' - 1 semi-monthl- y: the-Ol- d r: 