EXPONENT. WOMAN'S they rise or fall together, dwarfed or GodSince time immemorlike, bond or free." and ial women have been various have been the causes which have forced them to gain their own livelihood, and that of others dependent upon them; and various have been the avenues to which they have had recourse. So long as woman's ambition did not soar beyond that of the household domestic, the seamstress or washerwoman, little was thought or said It of her stepping beyond her province. was all right for woman to be so long as she did not work in the same lines, nor receive the same wages for the For a long same work as her brothers. time there was a struggle for the "survival d of the fittest, ' but at present all true, men and women seem willing to concede to women equal rights, as far as the labor question is concerned. In those professions where women are as well qualified and efficient as men, they receive generally the same salaries. But the great question seems to be centered on the influence it has upon her home life, many declaring that college graduates are disqualified as home-makerThey say that in nearly all cases they marry late in life, and often not at all, and often when they do marry, they are As yet the not good wives and mothers. is is as it tentative, question only recently that they have been granted the privilege of equal opportunities in education; and the woman college graduate has yet to prove her efficiency as a home-makeBut to the thinking mind, it would seem that the sacred requirements of motherhood would naturally demand all the advantages of the highest education. And if that girl or woman has faithfully followed her college course day by day and year by year, with patience and fortitude, ever .with the instinctive object uppermost in her heart of making herself an honorable and useful woman, who can gainsay that the knowledge thus gained the discipline of the mind, the correct habits of thought and action so long and patiently pursued, will make her a better, a wiser and a more competent wife and mother ? By considering for a moment the causes which lead women into the domain of professional life, we find the causes of incentives as varied as are the industries in which she may engage. It may at times be a worldly, vain or inordinate ambition that prompts her heroic efforts. But could we look within the soul and know the spirit promptings, we would, almost without exception, find it is an innate knowledge, a desire for more extended usefulness, or, perchance, dire necessity that urges her Ofteninto the professional field of labor. that is the times it is this very mother-lov- e g of the very act that is said to for these sacred duties. her disqualify and struggle work the Oh, mothers first that their children might be, and then that they may continue to be ! Do we not find this condition throughout Women as all the regions of civilization ? bread-winner- s, self-sustaini- just-minde- s. r. well-sprin- of-thes- e R. K. widows, women separated from their husbands from various causes, and almost invariably the children cling to the mother and she must be the main prop and stay. Then shall woman regulate her activities to routine drudgery, when she is capable things ? When by more intelligently directing her energies she can accomplish more for her children than by remaining constantly beneath the portals of her own home ? And it stands without argument that mothers as typewriters, school teachers, or even as lawyers and doctors, can do more for their children than those who work from sun to sun in other ways, for half the remuneration. True, it might well be said, that the proper order cf things should be for the father to be the bread-winneand the mother the home-makefor the ideal home is consecrated by both paternal and maternal love, and its sweetest music the prattle of little children. But inscrutable are life's Oftentimes woman must experiences ! meet the exigencies of the case alone and unaided, she must do and dare, lift the burden and look to heaven for strength and The true womanly light and wisdom. woman will make the best wife and mother, whate'er may be her vocation. 71 it,-a- ct of-bett- h Mrs. McKinley celebrated her on 8. June Flowers, gifts and birthday fifty-fourt- remembrances were sent to her from all over the country. Rev. Anna H. Shaw has been invited by Prof. Ward and Mrs. L. A. Coonley Ward, of Chicago, to accompany them on a trip to the Sandwich Islands. Save Your Money! r, r; And when you pet a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Tru9t Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW "We need not wealth or splendor, Wide hall nor lordly dome; The good, the true, the tender These form the wealth of home." We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier What we most need are broad-minde- d women who love their husbands and their children, those who know and love duty. Such women will perform faithfully their duty nearest them. Such women, even in professional life, when by necessity they earn a livelihood, will devote more time and careful thought to their families than the unprincipled woman who has wealth and all her time at her disposal. "The greatest boon, the deepest tenderness a wife and mother can bestow is to help her loved ones to their duty." 'Tis the mother's gentle hand that twines and weaves the roses of life into existence. Nos. Main Street. -5 The Most Convenient Local Train Service in the State is given by the Oregon Short Line Oft we ask ourselves the question, What is best for us to do, k What or hand vocatton, Best for women to pursue ? Shall we be the dolls of fashion, Loved and nattered for awhile, Wither 'neath man's sterner passion, Live again in fonder smile ? soul-wor- Railroad Shall we live for vain ambition, Live for friends of wealth and power, Feast on words of adulation, On the friendship of an hour? Shall we live for public duties, To reform the low and vile, Cultivate angelic beauties, In those minds now filled with guile? Shall we live for home's fair altar, Ne'er to pass beyond its shrine, In this purpose never falter. Let all thoughts around it twine ? To these queries what's the answer ? Duty Duty seems to call; Let all thoughts and feelings center, On stern duty first of all. Fast Daily Trains Each Way between Salt Lake City and Ogden Se that your tickets read via the "SHORT LINE" I And Get ! THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, it bravely, Whereso'er the path may lead; For 'twill bring most perfect pleasure, And at last the richest meed. ELivis R. Shipp. Know it, love CITY TICKET OFFICE the best for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. ' We aim to give you as """TR Y US S. W. Eccles, Gen Tfc. Mgr. D. E. Burley, G. P. & T. A- - 