WOMAN'S 56 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year. $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. dvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariel space one time 52.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. South Temple Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p.m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, semi-monthl- y, nt Entered at the Post second-clas-s Salt Lake City, Utah Office in Salt Lake City, Ltah, a matter. Salt Lake City. Utah, October, 1901. IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL SERVICES.' The funeral' services of our beloved Mother in Israel and General President of the Relief Society, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, were held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, in this city, Sabbath morning, September 1, at 10 a. m. The hall was crowded to its utmost capacity, the white draping and beautiful flowers were fitting emblems of a pure life, abounding with love and sympathy as sweet as the lilies and roses, tokens of friendship and affection from those who prized her loving and sweet companionship The Temple workers gave a dein life. sign of the Temple in purple and white asters, very striking; the General Board of the Relief Society, a magnificent "Gates Ajar;" the Salt Lake Board, R. S., an eJe gant crown in white roses; Weber Stake R. S., an unique harp of choice flowers, artistically arranged; the Y. L. M. I. A., a pillow; the Primary Association, a harp of asters and roses; the children of Sister Zma, a sheaf of wheat and a sickle of roses with a semicircle bearing the word "Mother,-the whole surmounted with a beautiful crown; the Utah Silk Commision, of which she was president, a wreath of purple asters and white roses, tied with Ucah silk in white. There were many other floral gifts, testimonies of the love and esteem in which Aunt Zina was held. On the stand were the venerable President, Lorenzo Snow, and many of the Church authorities, also the officers of the General Board of the Relief Society. President Angus M. Cannon presided over the services which were opened by the Tabernacle choir singing "When first the glorious light of truth," a favorite hymn of Aunt Zina's. The opening prayer was offered by Apostle Anthon H. Lund, and the services were continued with the solo, "Awake my Soul," sung by Prof. H. S. Goddard. The first speaker was President Snow, who prefaced his address by saying that many would call this a solemn occasion, but he thought that when a man or woman goes faithfully through life and have performed their mission properly, there is no occasion to mourn. Exaltation follows their course. President Snow said that he first met Aunt Zina 65 years ago when she was 15 years of age. Since that time he had been intimately acquainted with her, and he did not know of a woman whose duties in life were performed more effectually than hers, He said that in viewing " EXPONENT. her past life he was filled with pride and thanksgiving. We cannot help but shed tears, but how happy is the contemplation that she has passed out of life and gone to The relatives of the de-- . her exaltation. ceased were admonished to follow in her steDS, to make as few mistakes as she made The and their glory would be sure. to was bidden "Blessed John write, Apostle are those who die in the Lord," for their works will live after them. It was so with Aunt Zina, her works will live after her. "We ought to feel in our hearts," said President Snow, "that God is our Father, and that while we make mistakes and are weak yet if we live as nearly perfect as we can all will be well with us. This sister has lived in this way. When she was suddenly stricken with the blow that took her consciousness away, she was prepared to Now, I say to go and meet her Maker. brothers and all, sisters, do likewise." you The next speaker was Mrs. Jane S. Richards, first counselor to Aunt Zina, as She said president of the Relief Society. she could endorse every word that President Snow had said of her beloved sister. She had known Aunt Zina between fifty and sixty years and in her there was no The kingdom of God was alvariation. ways first with her. Mrs. Richards bore a strong testimony to the divinity of the Gospel and the good that is being done by the Relief Society. "Sister Zina," she often "has continued, gone to the bedside of the sick when she herself was feeling ill, and she has returned feeling strong for Aunt Zina was an having done her duty. example to all of us, and if I can go where she and Sister Eliza R. Snow are, I will feel repaid for having lived." Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith was the next speaker. She met Aunt Zina in 1840, at a meeting in which the power of God was The two friends had been like manifest. sisters ever since. She did not think it would be many years before she would meet Aunt Zina again, and the others who had gone before her. She asked those To present to continue the labor of love. visit the sick and afflicted and comfort those who are cast down. The succeeding speaker was Mrs. Emme-lin- e B. Wells. She had said that she could not speak on this occasson, for she was naturally emotional, and she loved Aunt Zina greatly. She rejoiced over the glorious life of the departed, who was associated now with such women as "Mother" Whitney, Eliza R.Snow, Emily D. Young.Marin-d- a Hyde a d others who had already passed Sister Wells aliuded to the gift of away. and tongues interpretation that Sister Zina had enjoyed in such perfection and the songs of Zion so sweetly rendered by "Mother" Whitney. "I mourn for Sister Zina and I cannot help it. No woman was ever greater beloved than Sister Zina. I think of all the beautiful attributes that adorn women on earth, she had the most heavenShe had another of the ly, humility. obedience. She was obevirtues, great dient to the authorities of the Church and obedient to her own conscience. And she had many other great and noble virtues." Elder Seymour B. Young was the next He began by saying that Aunt speaker. Zina returned from Canada last Sunday in a comatose condition. On Tuesday morning he asked her if she knew him and she opened her eye3 and said yes. That was the only time that she seemed to recognize I "She .was indeed a noble said the speaker. "You all woman," know how tender her heart was. I think she was made of the stuff of which martyrs She has proven often that she are made. would lay down her life for the maintenance of truth. She' was a very cleanly woman. Clean in language, thought and action." Elder Young went on to tell of the work that Aunt Zina had performed; of the hardships and sacrifices she endured and the devotion she showed to the sick and the poor. She was a woman who loved the tmth, and loved her fellow man. It did not make so much difference what creed one possessed if he were in need he could easily appeal to the heart of Aunt Zina. She was not only a good and tenderhearted mother, but she took other children to her heart and reared them like her own, and marked out the path for them to walk in. She was a woman of deep humility and she always did all she could, although doubting her own ability to do much. Aunt Zina's name and character will live after her and will endure forever." Elder John Nicholson was the next speaker, and he began by saying that he had listened with pleasure and interest to all that had been said of Aunt Zina. " In all my experience and observation," said he, "I never heard a more glowing and glorious tribute paid to any one that had passed from this sphere to the beyond, than has been paid to Aunt Zina, and I can say that it is all the truth. This indicates to me how close a son or daughter can approach to the carrying out of that admonition, 'be ye perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.' I have never heard of any failing that she possessed. If she had any, I have failed in the information. Those who overgetting come the most shall receive the most glorious inheritance that can be given to mortal man, and that is what Aunt Zina has done and she has gone to her reward. Elder Nicholson paid a most eloquent tribute to the character ot Aunt Zina, which he said perhaps shone with greatest luster within the circle of her own family. It was attested in the fact that the love of her foster children had for her was in no degree less than that of her own children." This, thought the speaker, spoke volumes for her impartiality, and her great sense of justice. Miss Arvilla Clark sang "Gently, Lord, Oh Gently Lead us," a beautiful song rendered in exquisite style. He Apostle A. H. Lund "spoke next. said that many glorious things had been said of the departed, but he thought she merited them all. Aunt Zina was more than a friend. She has been "Aunt Zina" to all Israel. "What a gentle, pure ' 'All woman she was, ' ' said the speaker. her life from the time she was a young woman had been spent in the service of the Lord. She was a woman in whom the spiritual nature was well developed, although she was very practical. She loved her neighbor; loved to do good to others. She was a blessing wherever she traveled. What a noble character she had. When the sons and daughters of God come up to receive their reward, Aunt Zina will be one of that happy throng on the right hand of God, to whom it will be said, ' I was sick and in prison and ye visited me." Aunt Zina has laid up riches that are unfading. I believe that every unselfish act we per- - any one. 