WOMAN'S 32 union and good feeling existed throughout the Stake, as far as she knew. We should always keep in view the teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith to the sisters at the organization ot the Relief Society. Read the Greeting from the General Board, and instructed the secretaries in regard to their records. Counselor Sarah S. Forsythe was pleased to meet with the sisters at conference, felt weak in her position, had to depend constantly upon the Lord. We should live near to our Heavenly Father and teach our The Lord will children the gilt of laith. assist us to do our duties. We can be useful iu many ways if we make gocd use of We should speak well of each our time. as we give we shall receive. such other, Sister Nancy Blackburn was pleased for the opportunity of meeting at Relief Society We should enjoy the spirit of conference. the Gospel, and not murmur. Was pleased with the Greeting lrom our leading She sisters, they were noble women. could see the growth of the Relief Society, had lived in the days of the Prophet. We have every thing to encourage us, If we continue faithful we will gain our reward. Freemont Relief Society was reported by the president, Louisa J. Taylor, who said the society was prospering. Lyman society was reported by President Helen A. Maxfield in good running order. Sister Lucinda Brown was pleased to speak, felt we are truly a blessed people, could see so many prophesies being fulfilled. The time is close at hand when the Savior will make his appearance, let us be diligent in the discharge of our duties. Thurber Relief Society was reported by President Sarah G. Meeks, who said they were doing well and improving in good works. Sister Sarah A. Robison was pleased to meet with the sisters and brethren. She had attended the Mutual Improvement conference, and enjoyed a very instiuctive time. Spoke upon prayer, said we should appreciate the labors of the aged brethren and sisters. We should prepare ourselves to become better wives and mothers. Sister Leah Blackburn spoke upon raising families and being good mothers, doing our duty in this calling and the blessing of the Lord would be upon us. "Let us try to realize our true calliug and may the Lord bless us and prosper Zion." The choir sang "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Benediction bv Elder E. H. Maxfield. Afternoon session. After opening exercises, Counselor Sarah S. Forsythe read the second Greeting from the General Board, then talked on the subject of the Woman's Building, on the necessity of taking an active part to help build it. Spoke on marriage and raising families. Teasdale Relief Society was reported by counselor L. C. Ostberg in good condition. Loa Relief Socitty was represented by Counselor Sarah Rust as doing well. Sister Juliette Blackburn said we should be thankful for the privileges we enjoy. EXPONENT. Our parents have suffered much to establish us in the valleys of the mountains. We should be what we seem to be, that our influence may be for good. Patriarch Blackburn spoke upon chastity, Said we do not all Dr.Margar et C.Roberts will commence living pure lives. understand alike. This life is all the her next class in Obstetrics and will we have. If we are truly conmortality verted we will live the laws of God. Felt Nursing on Monday, Oct. 14. there was much seeming neglect. 'Jesus There said work while it is time, today. For further information communicate with is no excellence without labor. Spoke upDr. Roberts, 75 North State Street. on the subject of marriage and encouraged Telephone 748 D. mothers to do their duty by their children. Said the law of chastity should be better kept in Zion. Bade the Relief Society God speed, it is one of the helps of Zion. Save Money! "Sisters, do your duty, for you will be is influence to Your judgment. brought And when you get a dollar, deposit it great, and where much is given much is with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust required. Arise in the name of the Lord Company, the oldest and largest savings and teach chastity." bank n Utah. Sister Sarah A. Morrell bore her testimony and exhorted all to have willing Since the establishment of the bank hearts to respond to the requirements of the we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. Gospel. Sifter Sarah A. Robison spoke upon The laws of Utah permit married rearing children. Many young women did women and also children who are minors not wish the trouble of families. Said we to open savings accounts in their own should teach our daughters that it is name, subject to their own order. Have a woman's mission in the marriage relation 'you such an account? If not, open one NOW to become a mother, and to keep in view the great command of the Creator to multiply and replenish the earth. We pay FOUR PER CENT INPresident Coleman spoke on sericulture. TEREST on any amount from one dolThey are still making advance in this relar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. spect, planting mulberry trees and raising cocoons this season. Was very pleased WRITE for any information desired. with the instructions received, and trust we will go to our homes and practice wbLJ Lorenzo Sxoy. Prest. , George M. Cannon, Cashier we have been taught. Felt grateful to our Main Street. Heavenly Father for the flow of the Holy Nos. Spirit that has been present with as at our conference. Let us live so that it may be our constant companion to lead us in the The Most Convenient Local Train Service path of life. Singing. Benediction by Elder B. Turner. in the State is given by the Obstetrics and Nursing, Your -5 Anna O. Coleman, Sec. I will say that in Wayne Stake Sister Mary A. White, of Giles, raised 16,300 cocoons, weight 52 lbs. N. J. Neilson, of Giles, has planted an acre of mulberry trees. We have also three acres planted at Oregon Shop Line Railroad Torrey and three fourths of an acre at Caineville. It has taken effort to accomwe what have done in this direction. plish The Lord has blessed our labors, and we expect to be successful in raising silk in the future. Jane S. Coleman, Pres. Mrs. Martha Boies, mother of United States Commissioner John Simons, and the first woman juror and one of the first women voters in Wyoming, was married to John Atkinson, of Laramie, Wyo., July 23. The bride is sixty years old and the hridegroom sixty-fiveMrs Boies was among the first to grasp President McKinley's hand when he passed through Laramie two months ago. nvE Se that your tickets read K. 71 the . THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, via "SHORT LINE" And Get CITY TICKET R. Fast Daily Trains Each Way between Salt Lake City and Ogden OFFICE for tickets to all points, the bes 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. ' much as possible for you money. We aim to give you as ""TRY US S. W. Eccles, Gen Tfc D. E. Mgr. Burley, G. P. & T. A 