r a . Hi em oj the Women of Utah should 77 . SALT L'AKK CITY, UTAH,. FKBRUARY Vol. 29 'CONTKNT. Alice Merrill Horne Hume and Meals .Carrie Chapman Catt Bazar Letter., Susa You::g Gates pomestK' Science......... Kdith Cable XoUingham .Relief Society; 1 H. C. New Centnrv T' o""hts on the M ?I i2 ' h m.. A Friendly Letter, Leila Mailer Luulla M. Rluvlcs of Sarah B. Laytoii ',.',,l,tn--rai)h- In Menioriarn." K. S. Report 7 J. Building Dedicated Double Birthday Celebration Pleasant Birthday Party I, KiuroKiAi '"3 7 Woman's Congress in Paris A A S D. S S4 s5 .. Young Ladies bazar .......... Editorial Notes 1'ui.iKY Resignation . .... SyiKt Glimpses Backward and forward. L.L.G. R . 3 S6 d . startled tear, I knelt at her side, And prayed an. agonized prayer: With a dearif ! ' out of it beautiful parks, streets, thoroughfares and cities. If art reigns, in the home it will be surrounded and filled with the influence of Honesty, Purpose, Work, Simplicity, Sentiment, Peace, Unity, and. Harmony, while banished must" be' Coarseness, Vulgarity, Deceit, SJothfulness, Shallowness, Gaudiness, Discord and Unrest. - Life in the influence of art trains the soul God-likto respond to the in man and nature, to feel the. beautiful and to cherish, and follow higher ideals. Soul greatness is the ultimate end and aim of all effort. When this life is done I believe men .will be judged moie by what they think and feel and love and know than for the deeds done in the flesh. A life consumed by following society's unprofitable and foolish fashions has a parallel iiithat of a woman who never takes a but njoirrent for study and makes herself a very slave to her home. The home must be kept' sweet and clean but the brain is as prone- - to get cobwebby as the best rooni. A little regular study in some line that is interesting will be a source of rest and inspiration. In every soul there is a spark of greatness, there is a feeling, a desire to Do not crush create something beautiful. that feeling. Read Christ's lesson about the Talents. Do you ever stop and consider that God has given you mental power to be ! 1 . . . ! - 0 my heart, thy trials are known, And thy struggles will some day cease,For the sweetne s of death is victory's crown. He giveth His children release, Be at rest, O, my heart, you strive not alone, Nor alone feel the chastening rod, Give up thy dead He but taketh His own She goeth to rest with her God ? Be at peace, ! ! Sygnkt. ' HOME AND IDEALS. . rood? If you have a gift in composing pursue it to the end of your days. If your talent is music, drawing, needlework, designing, cabinet making, farming or any other line of work, do not neglect it, tmt put into it the best you are capable of giving. And right here let me say that there are grx-aopportunities for art in both housekeeping ancLfarmiug.;. Give the furnishing of a room careful study, and, "be it ever so humble," it will be a work of art. Give thought to the arrangement of your shrubs, and gardens, trees,, house, sheds, lawns, your farm will be a living picture. undertake So, I say, into that which you head and put the best workmanship your hand can give. It'must be the mass of individual effort that will place U.tah ahead of her sister in instates, in art, in edcucation, in music, surrounded dustry. If the growing child is 'with such influences that naturally feed his sense of art it will help him to place the purpose of his life wVeje it should beabove the" Dollar mark; above all the trifling things He will do things well? he of the world. will labor to mfike a work of art rather than It is the careless, disto make money. the honest, unprofessional, shoddy work, that motto, '"Anything that will sell; threatens the success of any community. Let Utah's sons and daughters see the rise to their danger which threatens and t Whether built of logs or marble, be the surroundings picturesque or desolate, a spot marked by, squalor or opulence, the Four ' walls of best home close in and nurse the ' there is in man. ; The love for mother in the tender babe grows upward to the stars to the "Bear of God." s The love for little brothers and sisters goes out from widely stretched arms to the "Universal Brotherhood of man." The birds on the garden shrubs unfold "duties. : - . ; .'. - - & 1 Alice Mkkkii.l Hoknk. BAZAR LETTER. Mis. " nt iS e . . No. 1, 1901. Let us not only have the l?est music in the land but let others come to Utah for our silks and laces, paintings and statuary. Let them come to learn our modes ol fanning, cooking, sewing, gardening, house building' and all things that-arbeautiful when well done. their secrets to the growing child, from birds, bhssoms, frui seed, over and again he learns his first leskon of his relation to God and nature. If art reigns in the home there will grow self-improveme- thou hear'st atid knowest beside, . Tell me. sweet, whv licst thou there Have I failed in my duty, forgotten my part? Have I carelessly said, 'AH is well V" Exposed thee too blindly to death's cruel dart ?' The pale lips but echoed, "All's well I" . "0, if I'd done this, or had not done so, Perhaps thou would'st still be, with me Yes. have been harsh, failed my true love to show, - Tis from these Death setteth thee free. Hut ah, if thou knowest my pain and reject. And the prayers I have prayed unto Heaven Mayhap thou'lt forgive, and never forget !" But the lips only echoed "To Heaven !" Then o'er my sad heart, there fell like a balm, , ..fhe peace which He giveth His own, I dried up my tears, my spirit grew calm, I knew that I was not alone. The sparrow He sees, feeds the raven wild, And leadeth the weary to rest, why should 1 doubt He called to ray child For her sweet lips echoed, "To rest !" I will trust in His grace, I will not bemoan, For thai which hath gone before. . He knoweth my weakness, yet makes me His own, I will love Him and serve Him the more. He helps me and He alone knoweth how, For no one but He is the Judge I kissed her white lips to seal up my vow, And they murniured "Lo, He.is the Judge !' My MARCH t' s half-ripene- 15 '& -- RESIGNATION.. She lay like a lily in her cold, white bed With her hands crossed close on her breast, While ver her eyelids ami lips there spread. And brKxlcd, the spirit of rest. trn with a mightv grief. lk;t my heart-waAnd' I cried who talks of Cod's will ? sheaf T" snatch from our home this will."Mcthought her lips whispered "Cod's "' a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation be : J. Fewson Smith: We have lxxn so overwhelmed with the . work of the Bazar that we'areawaV behind I trust this will with our correspondence. I explain to you my neglect of your letter. would be glad to have you read this letter to others who are interested, in order that one writing may do for all. Your goods were all properly received. Mrs. Gilmer came from Boston to take We had a five charge of the Utah exhibit. states pointed star to represent, the suffrage' and the goods from all four of them were The Indian put in this booth. You sent a things splendid ' sold like hot cakes. the ad- was doll exhibit, we thought.- The miration of all. Mrs. McKinley sent a doll beautifully dressed in white, and that and the Utah, doll 'were rivals; and there was an amusing difference of opinion as to which was the finer doll. It did not sell to please us, however. We found that people did not buy expensive dolls and that the cheaper ones went faster. We had so many of these beautiful dolls . that" we could find no ready market However, there was a return from the dolls not measured in money. Nothing advertised us more than the report of the beautiful dolls from the Governors' wives. Reporters found in that fact much of interest to write up, "and the first thing see when they came to wnn1f wanted to beautiful dolls. They the Bazar were the were greatly admired and I think were the source of attraction which sold many other troods. For thisv reason I cair feel that even , tfkeir actual value, though they sold, below they were not a loss.was a costly one but we The Utah doll were only able to sell it for$i3.oo or $i3.5o The We sold it at auction the last night. little girl who got it was made very happy realize what a. bv her possession, but did not as I have said bargain she had. However, before although this was far below its for us in other cost, it did, its good work The 'one thing which seems to me most cruel about the Bazar is that so many thing's This have co be sold below their value. thing to me all the wasa and when I saw way through, the Bazar, down their the chairmen of booths marking in I have never had any experiencewas troods this bazars I was always told that bazars, and I the way they always did in were bargain-hunterfound that most purchasers and bargains they found.; ou balance I think at this writing thatstill some bills We have will be $700:00. to come m, so we tb pay and some receipts - ' for-them- - . ; . heart-rendin- g s, . 