59 SARAH E. CAR MICHAEL. FOR THE DEPARTED A REQUII-- ' EMMA HALE SMITH. in the Mansion House at Nauvoo With UTAH POKTESS Among the great and noble minded women who have been connected with our Chinch is A requiem for the dead The dead of many years Emma Smith, first wife of the Prophet Her brilliant spirit faltered, failed and fled, Joseph Smith. To "ashes" and unavailing tears. y She was lx rn near the j ear 1803, in The gifted singer faded, She grew up to Susquehanna Co., Perm. Her soul was hushed to silence here, be a good, virtuous, high minded girl. Too tense the strain for earthly casket, jaded, When but a young woman, she met the A broken lyre, those strings that thrilled our .. . ear. Prophet, who, in 1825, while he was working for a man by the name of Stoal, One of the grand immortals came to board with Ler parenls, Mr and Peers were but few and they unknown: Mrs. Isaac Hale. The Prophet and this Her genius opened wide those shining portals Forever barred save to the touch they own. very worthy young woman became very; much attached to each other, and Mr. Hale' There dwell the spirit singers, was asked to give his consent to their marWhose sonjs and music were of old. To earth the v came with vibrant riage, but he objected to their union befingers, cause he was prosperous while the Smith "Lest we forget" and perish by earth's cold. family had lost all "their property. ' silent or ..When Sister Emma w?.s tall and stately, and dead, dying 'Mid chill of circumstances testing, was what might be termed a magni6cent That inspiration all uncrushed is trying It was during tue last looking woman. Wherever it may be, for final resting. year of Joseph's waiting for the plates beThe dear one now the sainted. fore he and Emma were rr.airied. They ' ' Will sing again with gift supernal, were married January, 18, 1827, by Squire on she ever fainted earth that Forgetting Taibill; at that gentleman's residence, Among the poet singers crowned eternal South V. Naisisitt. Henry Bainbridge, New York. ' ! , , -- well-traine- d : ! Immediately after their marriage Joseph left the employ of Mr. Stoal and returned "NINETEEN ONE. to his parent's home at Manchester, New Our dear old Nineteen .One, is flitting surely on. York State, taking with him a beruiifu1 With noiseless pinions, to the infinite beyond bride. During the succeeding summer he The purest joys and hopes deep sorrows, pains worked to obtain means for bis family ar.d and fears his for was it near the time mission, great Have joined the thronging scenes, of other byfor been the had made to which ... . promise gone years. be fulfilled. him to Ere the silent curtain falls on the pulseless year,. It was on September 22, 1827, that I'd send just one more token, '"beloved friends to cheer, Smith received the plates at the i, Joseph A sweet and tender message from a loving heart, from the angel Moroni. Cumorah." "Hill With hope of a reunion, never mofet'o pf rt. side and bade him his at Theangelwas Now ere the old years' bell, shall toll the parting stretch forth his hand and take these ' knell, records from their long hiding I'd breath most fervent pray'rs, for those I love so precious As he lifted them to the surface he place. well, was thrilled with divine joy. ' The angel And crave the kind protection of Father's potent after giving him instructions left him. . arm, .Forever to enclasp them shield them from all Persecutions were now heaped upf n him, harm. ' men were lurking by his pathway to take Their As. the .boundless ocean in Times eternal round, his life and obtain the- plates. Shall strew the pearls of life upon the sandy the were peace always thwarted, but plans ground, to needed the and was that perform quiet May eager hearts and hands, encompass all that's was the of labor kept translating plates . good; Faith, happiness and truth, be taken at the flood. front him,' so he decided to go to the home of Emma's pirents in Pennsylvania, where .Oh now good bye '' Farewell thou surely dying .. he might perform bis heaven-appointe- d year Ah thou hath brought to us many a bitter tear work. The roses, too, have bloomed, along our wanderWhile at the home of her parents in the ' ' ing way Sweet flowers of faith and love to brighten ev'ry month of July, 1828, a s n was born to ' them, but the babe died alter a bnef time, day, Four 'the mother at deeth's door. E.'en yet, old year, we hold thee still in fond em-- .' leaving their to bom afterwards were sons them, " brace. Alexander to seem names and Frederick, new we turn being Joseph,' paths, Reluctantly trace. and David, Julia being an adopted ! . -- ' : . ' - ; Emma. ' May 6, 1842, an attempt was made to assassinate L- W. Boggs, Governor of Missouri. Orrin P. Rockwell and Joseph Smith were charged with the crime and afterwards given their arrested, but w-rliberty. The. Prophet was now hiding from his enemies and Emma had declared her willingness to share her husband's exile As this plan of exile was abandoned she offered to visit Governor Cariin, of 111!, and lay before him Joseph's, case. In answer to thi- - proposition thr: Prophet wrote to her telling her not to go to the Governor as he was no trie i d to the Saints, but she might write to him. With this permission to write Lnirna addressed a dignified communication to the Governor, in which she called upon him by virtue of his position as an uffic.r, and by every sense of manliness to spare Joseph and the Saints iu Nauvoo from unjust persecution This letter alone is sufficient to demcnstrate that Emma was a woman of superior ability and that she had an exalted appreciation and love for her husband. Sister Emma Smith was a, good, kind, loving woman, and respected her husband. She was very kind to the Saiuts, always trying to comfort the sick and afflicted, and clothe the poor. Sister Emma's home was indeed a home at all times for, the unfortunate Saints. Although the Prophet Joseph obeyed the commandment of the Lord in regard to plural marriage and. took a number of wives after, his first love, Emu a, he still loved her with an undying Jove, as, is shown in the following speech when one of his wives spoke, to him in a complaining manner of Emma. The Prophet turned to her and said "If you desire my love you must never speak evil of Emma.", After the death of Joseph Smith the Prophet, Emma married a Mr. Bidamon and died iu Nauvco, 111., April 30, .1879'. - e . . . . Lucy , - M. Wkigiit. RESOLUTION. .' ! 1 . ! - Adopted by the National Council of Women at the' Triennial held in Buffalo , September, 190 1. ! Now as the new one follows closely in thy. wake-Sp- eak kindly words for us, for old companion's ' take. ' ' . ... Ellis R. ' Shipp.' Mrs. Livermore at the last meeting of Woman's Suffrage the Massachusetts Association spoke emphatically on the duty of women to keep their engagements, ana not to let themselves be appointed on a committee to do something and theu neglect to doit."Make yourself responsible for one thing, and then do it if you die for it," she said. "I did not want to come today, fol-(it was a very inclement afternoon) I was lowed to the door of my h,use with prophecies of pneumonia, but I was advertized to - - speak and I am here. If I have any reputation, it is for keeping my promises." j ' daughter. At this the Prophet was compelled to give his time up to toil for the needs of his household, and he went iorth to labor, As bis humbly and uneomp'ainingly. would he each ended was manual labor day of transto the work devote his evenings wife him by writaiding lating, his young ing at his dictation. In July, 1830, in Susquehanna Co., Perm., the Lord gave Emma a revelation through the Prophet It is recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 25, an in accordance with this revelation she comSaiuts hymn piled the first Latter-da- y book. When the Prophet obeyed the principle of plural marriage, Emma gave her husThe four women lived band four wives. ' ; Resolution on the death of Mrs. Zina D. ' IL Young: the National Council of that Resolved, Women recognizes in the death of Mrs. Zina D Young, President of the Reli f Corps, a loss that will be severely felt by the Society over which she so long and acceptably pre' sided. The Council extends to the Relief Society an expression of its tender sympathy in its bereavement, together with the hope' that the Society may in the crisis be guided to the election of a successor, under whose leadership its work may be not only coniinued but . - extended. The Council recognizes in the Relief of its most loyal members, and one Society realizes that to Mrs. Young's broad views the relationship of the W. R S. to the N. C. of W. is largely due. Miss Palit, "a native of Hindu, stood at the head of B. A. Candidates for degrees at Calcutta University this year in a list of a thousand. 