''V, r "' "J-- Woman's Exponent' EM ME LINE J? 'ELLS Editor and Publisher ANNIE, WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. 'w i" v ',' 1- iJ ' '.V. t''.-'..'- .r , . ' r' ' 'if should be men, who will recognize the women who have done so much in the past to make Utah what it is today. There are industries in that women pioneer women too) started untold-wealtto yield Utah that could be made were they fostered as theyshould be (and as they should have been) way (and in other the encouragement a time ways) of bounty, which was for ted. iiir inrlnqtrv let ii5 hoDe this interest may be revived and become one of the sources of revenue that will furnish employment for i- A PRETTY HOME WEDDING. . Whom gerH.le jfat8 unite, and in one fate Xheir hearts,' their fortunes, , and their beings ' -- in-th- JiQ-lL-llU-t'- po-ua- o I : blend." On Thursday. ..morning, December 19, 1907,. Richard Denton Andrew, and Loui Blanche Cannon, both of this city, were united in marriage President Joseph F. remonv.in lhp, ga. u. m i th ner form in Lake Temple at 11 a. m. The wedding reception waa held at the Cannon home at eight in. the evening. .: and-given Published monthly in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms : one copy one yar, If. 00; one copy six month, 50 eta. niaI. for clubg. City papers delivered by on year, -- j mail, extra for Alverti.Hin rates: Each square, ten line of non fJ.OO A fibral parit-- spaco on.tirae fj.50; per mdnth, ' discount to rcularadvertiser:. -KvpovrNT oJIicRoom 'H!LT!1Ple,I,i:South TemPle Street: Business hours from 10 a.'m. to .Tp.'m., every ' day, except Sunday, Address all business communications to Jin. E. B. WELLS, " - h 1 1 t: , -- -- -Cf woraerrand'children only that but a source of wealth to the state. issued and many guests responded by being If the men acquainted .with history would present. The rooms were artistically decor? Has has done for France they silk what read ated, the parlor with spring effect with pink Salt Lake City Utah., would mine is "a there gold that, recognize ' and white; the large bay window where the silk." in bridal party stood was a complete bower of Kntertd at ths Post Office in Salt La'e City, f'tah, are so many there when these In days a srrouJ fhtsa matter. apple blossoms in sprays and branches, a tourists, visiting.Utah, silk specimens are betrellis of the daintiest ribbons pink and to is there and for nothing asked really white and a lattice of green arching over Salt Lake City, Utah. - - January,. 1008. ing show them worth while. It is regrettable the recess. Carnations pink and white that so many have' cat down thjeir mulberry about the room gave a dainty summer air trees and become discouraged in trying to to the whole. The spacious dining room was THE NEW YEAR J 903! Even were it in Christmas red and keep up the industry at alL green, twelve smaller 'a and to It! over turned machinery YEA altogether THE TO HAIL tables being arranged around a central one silk factory established en a permanent basis, shaded in red for The new year opens auspiciously in most the silk must be produced fyy raising cocoons having a large candelabra a centrepiece, while sprays of holly were respects, the weather is fine,- - and with the and the worms must have the leaves to feed strewn over the tables and bows of red ribone exception the tightness of ready money upon. the prettynd effective picbon making work scare there seems to be no tn days gone by the Relief Society made ture. completed drawback to prosperity; new schemes for the every exertion possible, through the influThe bride wore a gown of white net over upbuilding of the Pi te and promoting of ence of President Brigham Young, to start of home manufacture seem to beunderway, or this industry; thousands of mulberry trees white silk, and carried a shower bouquet in the air at least, and it is ardently hoped were .plan ted and, cocoons raised and silk white roses, she appeared as dainty and and very desirable that the developments worms and creditable work seemed to be sweet' as a slender white, lily, The bridesMiss Margarer Cannon anticipated, along these advantageous lines established on a small scale to be sure and maids were her sister in pale pink and white and Miss Lucile may meet with success. At any rate it is most of. it in .he homes of the people. both the pleasant to believe in looking ahead that ' Utah silk at the Columbian Exposition Wallace in pale blue and white, white carnacarried . " : . ' -- GLAD-NE- W -- -- . Utah will become a. great centre of Western industrial civilization, and side by side with material interests and growth, educational progression should go hand in hand until Utah stands second to none of the other,not even older states, and equal in all. desirable respects to the greatest and most highly cultured. There is good reason, why Utah should stand first; and the people of the state should wa3 the pride of the women who were on the sprays of.pinkand girls tions. Mr. Bert Cooper was best man to the young and bashful bridegroom. The, bridal couple received' many beautiful and some very elegant presents, for they were great favorites with their numerous friends. The evening passed off very pleasantly and when at the close of the festivities and the guests were about to leave, the bride threw her bouquet from the top of the staircase', there was considerable merriment over the rush to be first to catch the bride roses. Altogether the aflairpassed off like a charm. That the future life of this young couple may be as happy and prosperous as their fond parents and friends could wish, is the desire and prayer of the writer. Board. In fact more credit was given Utah women delegates for the silk displayed than In anything else sent from the Territory. view Of what has been done in the past there need be.no fear or anxiety about results if the industry could be taken up by men of means and enterprise. The Exponent extends hearty Ne w Year's Greeting to all its readers and patrons, and maintain the dignity of the position that hopes for success in the year now coming Great Basin; forward to all enterprises and institutions for brought themhere. into-th- e "they came in search of a home for liberty, the benefit of the community. for freedom of conscience as did the Pilgrims Especially we are desirous that the women eswho planted their feet hr Plymouth and of the state should be interested in the public of tablished the commonwealth the old Bay welfare, and to read and study the momenState, and the leading men and women who tous questions thit lie at the foundation of. cajne. hither were the lineal descendants of morality, law and order, justice and equity. "Love rules the court, the camp, the grove; those Pilgrims of New England. Massachu3-set- s To become familiar with the meaning and And man below and eaints above; has. always held her own in , this regard purpose of equal suffrage now a constituent For love is heaven.' and heaven is love." and has made that state acknowledged as part of their freedom aiid liberty, and not first; that's why Boston 13 the4Hub'.' so' neglect to use the privilege given them .NOTICE TO STAKE SECRETARIES. .should Salt Lake City become the centre in and make no mistakes, for all the modern graces and phases of enwhere much is given much is required. The stake secretaries of the Relief Socfor lightenment. iety are reminded that the annual report Maintaining a high standard of excellence the year 1907, from January 1 to December as a state in all that pertains, or savors of Please note should be now 31, prepared. - the best in citizenship is one of the right all changesin officers .and new branches AN ARTISTIC BOOKLET. ... to a The constituways uplift community. condition of grain in storage as organized, tion of Utah gives the key to the best meas-- . There is for sale at this office a booklet isd the number 01 ures and regulations for so doing and the sued by our Presidentof the Relief Society, or parts of buildings, "and rooms buildings people should see. to it in electing legislators Sister BathshebaW. Smith for the sisters in houses, if owned by the Bcciety. meeting ' that select men and who of will women, the Relief Society or others who might Address General Secretary, Mrs. E- ' they stand for the best interests of the entire peo- desire to have one, either forherself or a Salt Lake City, Wells, ple and take a broad vievv of questions at present to a friend. The book is entitled Utah. Templeton Building, issue, instead of being persuaded to give up "A Swarm of B's Bringing Blessings." - P. S This notice to all tne applies be should guarded with the ut- Published for her eighty-fift- h rights, that birthday. countries where branches of the Society are because there were those There are m the book good most vigilance, pictures of organized in missions at home or abroaa, ' could who. politicians seemingly buy them Sister Smith thirty-fiv- e years ago, also in whatever part of the worlds , . .soul andbodylwith sil version gued eluquence Dne -- Sisters -- MillenniaI-Star, Scandinavian, Swiss Utah is bound to take the lead in many Eliza R. Snow, Ziha D. H Saint pape Young, and German and Dutch Latter-daways, but there must be honorable. upright Emily P. Young, and one taken recently. iau please use this notice in the respective men to guide the-- helm of state, and they1 Price of the book, abroaa. fifty cents. guages,so that it may be understood . . -- -- . : . - - ' -- , takeri-forty-years-ago- with y ., -- 