.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " r ' r..f , ..... r .1 vr . ,,, n'wtv,- v conception ol. her duty and a pitiful Woman's Exponent - .U,.,V. EMMELIXE ?. ANNIE WELLS ,'','.,- of the righteous power reposing in ' J Editor ami Publisher Mtant Editor, CAMW :l non-pari- K.-H- Salt Lakk City, Utah. Ktercd at the Pout Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second, elans matter. , Salt Lake City, Utah. Octoisek, ' her hands. : :' Another issue of purely local importance, but surely of enormous and terrible significance Here where it is best understood, is the announced threat that; in the event of the, success of a certain faction in 'Salt Lake citCounty, a large number of'the foremost izens of the community will be driven either into exile or into the penitentiary..' At the "Amerirecent convention of the. can", party this infamous declaration was officially made, and it was cheered to the echo. Certain Twenty-si- x '.were reier.-eto as coming under this threat and consigned being the to' this fate these "twenty-sixgeneral authorities of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, both Democrats and Republicans, some of them men who by their most bitter and vindictive enemies have never even been accused of havIt is true, the ing broken any law. reastounding brutality of such vealed itself on second thought to those who had so madly applauded it; and the. shrewder of them promptly affected to lament, if not the plan, at least. the revelation of it-- As a political, weapon it promises to recoil with much severity "upon its original wielders. But that a program so vile should even have been thought of, much less mentioned, evidences a depravity that otherwise would have been hard to fasten upon any faction seeking support from TJopular suffrage. If it means anything at all, it means that!! thatTaction shall be successful the angry elements of discord are again to be called up, the reeking hounds of persecution again to be letslip, in this Is such a prosperous ard peaceful land. prospect pleasing to those, whether Mormon; Jew or Gentile, who live and expect to live here? Their answer ought to be' found, writnext ten plain and decisive, in. the ballot-boNovember. Those who fail to help in making that answer clear and unmistakable, those who neglect their part in administering rebuke to a crew who would gorge and fatten upon a community's woes, may not be sharers in the foul plot,but they show sure symptoms of the fatal complacency which, fiddles and sings while riot reigns and the world " . Published monthly In Stilt Lake CityUtah. Terms: one ropy onj year,, If. 00;. oik; copy six months, 50 et. IV reduction made for club, City paper delivered by mall, extra for postage ont'.ycar, 'J.j ct. 'AdvertiHini rates: Kach square, ten lines of k pace, one time $1.ZQ; per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. KpoNKVToflice Room ")i7 Tcmphton, South Temple Street: HuHiness hour from 10 a. .m. to 5 p. Jii,, every day, except Sunday. Address all4liines communications to ' WELLS. Mrs. . dia--rega- rd 1908.. so-calle- d a " y . THE POLITICAL SITUATION IN UTAH. There have been few political campaigns in Utah which presented more vital issues or were of deeper, general significance than In the one in which we are now engaged. s common with their throughof this State are out keenly interested in! the great national contest, and partake of the enthusiasm which attends its successive phases and developmenwhose affiliations and sym ts-Those are with the Republican party find much to please them in the vigorous utterances and the energetic campaigning of Mr. Taft, supported by the strenuous backing of President Roosevelt and the mighty assistThose ance of experienced party leaders. who incline to the Democratic party, either by reason of fondness for its principles or fellow-citizen- the-nation- -- the-jieopl- e , pa-thi- es are. filled admiration for its standard-bearer- , favor with which Mr. with joy at the popular Bryan is everywhere, received and the applause which his letters and orations evoke Utah Republicans and Utah Democrats are accordingly quite as hopeful, as eager, and s in as interested as are their Maine, Texas, Florida or Orejgon in the great game which is now being played before the eyes of an eager constituency, and on the merits of which the people will pass judgment on the 3rd of next November. But here at home we have additional reasons for approaching the ballot box next November with sober and thoughful earnestness. There are questions at issue which shouldlie close to the heart of every good citizen. At least one ol these appeals esperefer to the splendidly-growin- g cially to women--- we sentiment in favor of temperance, and the likelihood that with the election of good legislators, "the liquor traffic may be restrained. Jt is the boast and the belief of the friends-o- f equal suffrage that the influence of women in politics and at the polls, is .Healthful and purifying; Here is an opportunity to make proof of the one and give Men may, and perstrength to the other. haps from sincere conviction sometimes do, disagree as to the merits or desirability of Women do not. 'There is no prohibition. If their question about it in their minds. votes could decide the issue, it would speediIs it not proper to expect, ly be settled. therefore, and to urge, that they shall avail themselves at this time of every- right of citizenship which they enjoy? It seems to us that any woman who through neglect or indifference at this important moment fails to register and to vote, shows but a feeble. fellow-citizen- . . - , x burns. . For the foregoing and for other reasons which might be cited, the forthcoming election is full of moment to the people of this State and this intermountain country; and the Exponent feels fully justified in urging upon all its readers the solemn duty of voting,and of exercising that right with the true intel ligence and. the conscientious prudence which the gravity "of the situation demands. BE VALIANT FOR RIGHTS. . These are strenuous times; and just before election always is to those interested in the great questions of the country's welfare and of its good government. Perhaps there is no people more desirous of righteous; con- sistent and wholesome laws and than the Latter-daSaints. This land, America, has been dedicated by the Constitution to liberty, and one might add, consecrated by the blood of the Revolutionary sires, who fought to establish freedom - and equal rights for all mankind, of whatever faith or from whatever clime. That these civil rights may not be subverted to unrighteous ends and pnrposes, is the wish and .hope of every and honorable "woman. or citizen, man When one becomes aware of the trickery, fair-dealin- y true-bor- n g 1 ' chicanery arid treachery used in manipulat ing governmental affairs, it makes one fear and .trerhble. for the future safety and guidance at the iireat centres of popular admin istration, whether in states or' the country at large. , In our own fair state of Utah, of which we are so justly proud, and for which so many of us have labored and striven for half a century, there has ari.-e-n more-tha- h to the horror and dismay of all people of whatever creed, a faction that would; if possible supplant the original in'' ' . . fair-minde- d heritors of the rightsso dearly purchased by toil, hardship and privation, in wresting thi alkali desert from barrenness, and building towns arid cities, cultivating farms and op chards and gardens, and in every possible way making it desirable for the establishment of a great commonwealth here in the mountains,, far .from the great cities of in view of these things, one cannot help recalling the circumstances and the struggles of the. pioneer life. ' The sacrifices' made in coming hither leaving homes and kindred, and the advantages of surroundings that their own forefathers had helped to establish, coming, .too without the comforts and supplies that would have lessened in a degree .the hardships that must be encountered in such long and tedious journeyings, and when one reflects upon the loved ones laid down by the wayside, in consequence of the&e conditions, and all the perils incident to early civil-tior- i; -- TtrugglesT fpTIifehdsu"3lenanc7bhe is horrified at the thought that such threats could be expressed as have been uttered and pub lished to the world. However, the trust of the Latter-daSaints is in God, who has guided their footsteps to this goodly fand, w'tere 'they have been able to accomplish greater things than could have been anticipated when struggling for bread against hordes of crickets to say nothing of wolves and snakes and wild Indians that were here in y abundance. How the courage of men and women held out is an enigma only tp be solved in the belief of their mighty faitrrand constant prayers for help from on high. Suffice to say, the people lived and prospered to the amazement of all whoJmew of the circumstances, and now, when seemingly all who gather here "Mormon, Jew or Gentile'' might be at peace and comfortable if they would observe even proper, commonplace, everyday courtesy to one another, pursuing their own vocations and not im posing on the rights of others there would be peace, plenty, and prosperity, For one cannot help knowing that the Lord has prospered the people in this great mountain region almost beyond belief, when one looks back upon sixty years of experience, and knowing thoroughly how severe the struggles for an existence were, and how. miraculously many times the outcome has been brought about, when darkness hung like a heavy cloud over the way, Therefore those who trust in the Lord need pot fear, for the outcome, for assuredly right - -- of evil combine. So many times the Latter day Saints have seen the hand of the Almighty manifest in their dftlivpranr.fi that there, should be no f wilITbe I diverted and fall -to naught" if there is union among the peo" . eatPdmgil ple. " It . : te is certainly 'desirable at present time that every one should conscientiously 