r - ; WOMAN'S EXPONENT; ., ... . : had appointed delegates mir(ponfl ' : ihvitationfrOrtlie rAtliifoce;1 '- :if - . ,. jo , . the accused. Also in reform the promotion of juvenile courts; . message from President Gowans saying that on account of the sickness of HR wife he was unable to be with us; sent regrets for other members of the Stake Presidency, Sister Louie Hale made a few remarks; was so glad to meet with the sisters. Felt thankful that the Relief Society was organized to make us better 'women and mothers. Said Sister Mary A. Hunter, our former Stake President-- sent her love and wished she.could have met with us today. ' Sister Agnes Judd played ah organ solo. Sister Rose Hammond 'spoke of the hafcpy hours she had spent in Relief Society meet ings. Testified to the good spirit - enjoyed by the sisters, and. hoped we would always realize from whom our blessings came. Sister Lillian H. Anderson read a humorous piece entitled "How we Hunted a . weanng of huge hats- in places-o- f amuse ment by which the general public has been Woman has ..vigor- greatly benefitted. ouslv supported enactments against expec toration-ostreet cars and street pavements, and similar regulations for the public health and convenience. By the enfranchisement of women, the agitation Over the much vexed question of political equality has been settled in Utah, and the contention and strife which it has evoked has passed away, and woman shares with, man the power that full freedom brings. And this nuts her in lifir nrnnpr place by his side, instead of under his thumb or his foot or other nnjust domin-titleion. It has not robbed her one whit of her womanliness or hindered the performance of home duties. She is just as good a wife, a mother, a sister, .or an aunt' as she could be without the rights and .privileges which the ballot brings to her. She can teach human rights and the principles of govern-Utament to her children, and imbue her sons with the spirit of. that liberty she herself She is no longer a political serf,' but ioys. a citizjen in the full sense of the term, a part of the nation, having a voice in the making of the laws which she is required to obey, in accord with the eternal principlethat, "all governments derive their just power's from the consent of the governed." Utah stands third on the list of educational status.among states of the American Union, the forty-siand her position is largely due to the influence of free, progressive and enfranchised womanhood. the" gift of the people There are offices'-ifor which women are especially adapted. There are others which can be better filled by men. The good sense of the voterl both male and female, is, or should be, exercised This has been exempliin their selection. fied in the workings of equal suffrage, and the universal acceptance of this righteous eqnality cannot Jaiito bring to the world greater' freedom, higher justice, closer union and advancement in every thing that will elevate humanitv. and bring- them to that condition of harmony, fraternity and peace foreseen by the prophets and heralded by the poets and sages of ancient and modern - women of Utah by act of the Legislature in 1S0, while Utah was a -- territory of .the unueu aiaies, so i mat when the State . was. ....... I organized and admitted into the federal Union in 1895; woman suffrage could not he considered in the light .of an exnpri. ment. In the State Constitution which was approved by the President of the United States, a provision was incorporated placing women on a political equality with men. Every citizen of the United State?, of either sex, who has resided in the State one year, l i i l al in ime uuuuiy luur iuonins, aim in me pre- Mouse.'.' cinct thirty days, next preceding an election Sister Shields, of Lake View Ward, sang and who is .twenty-ona solo. years of age, is en- to vote at said election. This-waSister Emily Anderson 'was thankful to a large majority of the deleadopted-bmeet with the sisters, hoped we would have in the .Constitutional Convention, gates a good time- tog ther. A good Relief Sociafter a long and he ited. debate in which all ety member is a good member of the Church old the of Jesus .Christ of Latter-daobjections to woman suffrage were .Saints. : our friendships in these reunions. brought forward and vanquished. The good effects of woman suffrage in Sister Lillian Gillespie read a paper on ' are numerous. the beauties of motherhood- .Among them are these: The primaries, conventions, and Sister Maggie Anderson wished all to understand that when we hold a stake replaces are conducted in proper orIander without unseemly wrangles, vulgar union every one is invited to attend, spoke of the blessings of Relief Society work, we guage, and profanity, and free from the uncleanness of tobacco-using- , need spiritual food when we are raising our due respect families. being shown to the ladies, who are treated 1 J Lizzie Sister Barrus sang a solo, "Count as political equals with male citizens, and Your Many Blessings." with that gallantry, which becomes gentle- .Sister Steele read a paper entitled "An men when in their society. Women are Old Fashioned Standard of Life." chosen on the various committees and their A paper prepared by Sister Jean Bennion views are sought for and given due weight, of Vernon was read by Sister Mary E. HalWomen have been elected to the State laday, as the writer was unable to be pres- Legislature, and whether as Senators or ent. Representatives, have served with signal The reunion program closed by singing ability; have taken part in debates on prom- Benediction by "O, ye mountains high." inent public Questions; have- introduced Sister Mary E. Halladay. measures which have passed into law, and The company then assembled on the lawn have exereised an inffuence which has been beside the meeting house where refreshrecognized and appreciated. ments were served to all, which ended a Women have also been elected to and revery enjoyable sociable time. ceived appointments in various county Mary E. Halladay, Sec. offices, and have served on State boards of directors for colleges and asylums, and on school boards. They are recognized, facR. S. REPORTS. tors in political parties, and whether as Republicans or Democrats, their influence BEAR LAKE STAKE. cnoose tneir is lelt and courted. lor thev Minutes of Relief Society conference and own party principles and candidates, often officers meeting held in tabernacle at Paris, on iho nthpr nide frnm their husbands. broth- - times. Romania B. Penrose. July 12, 1908." President Nancy E. Pugmire ers and sons. This, however, has not led to presiding. those disruptions in families which were Delivered June 16, 1908, Conccrtgebouw, Sisters Elizabeth S.Wilcox and Minnie H. predicted to follow these conditions. Amsterdam, Holland. James being our visitors of the General ReThe influence of political power in woman lief Society. : is being felt in aid of the temperance wave Meeting opened by singing and prayer that" is passing over the, great West, for and other usual exercises. the suppression of. the. drinking saloon, and RELIEF SOCIETY REUNION. President Nancy E. Pugmire gave a few the banishment of those temptations which ; Minutes of the Tooele Stake Relief So- - opening remarks. have led so many souls into vice, mtemper and Bern ReLaketown Alton, Cokeville, held in Grantsville ,on June "Reunion . 4V,n Kollnf i j , . i rC n r.ur mm ana aiiue ueoaucnery, lief Society organizations reported. woman is armed .with a weapon of attack Different' business was attended to con- and defense that in some respects is strong- - Woolley R. UM ey R ose cerning real estate and other land and proer than her tongue, and which gives practical were present, Alice E. perty of the several Relief Society wards., effect to her word.- - Her influence with the Hammond. Maggie , W. Ande son, Mary, Sister Nancy Allred was honorably rem i.nu.m Lillian honof uiucsp.e, selection Halladay, ballot is also notent in the ifter the opening exercises, Presi- - leased with a vote of thanks from the posifor mibhc FdersOn. tion of Stake 'SeryThiniranother-responsibl- e unht of the down stations, and the turning position to fill. m ' every r.-Swiu office lor private and those who seek public w", Michaelson was voted in as Nina Sister. : was tnanKiui. sne very rgn iqav wnicn r pelf. to Stake Secretary; a was work blessing great Relief Society women to The elective franchisehas given Sister Margaret Stucki was also released in love and unity. them the sisters, uniting of pubreformation many influence for the likened to the work as Stake Treasurer with a vote of thanks. lic institutions .and regulations. -- - For in- Relief Society work is t Charles was Sister Sarah Allred Lord of.the the Asked Savior. Spirit "- of our stance the establishment of retention homes Treasureras in voted a received She telephone for females, with women' matrons and in- - to be with us. n i -- e d s . - We-ren- y ew h . ng en-polli- x - -- - . - . - . . . AyP'J: " - - . . WJWSE ' " : ' : of-S- , . 