,'r--:,wPMA'N,- EXPONENT. S 7-- .abide iP thatvfajtf Hebrew:70u iIT .perhapunderstand ; what mbetter. - v. For: this Melchis-tkJ5?AS?-.- . Pest of ahe :lost he. sbuKhterv.ofathe.kmgS: and blessed mm. . ; l o wriom . also Abraham Kavea tenjft being by in- atiu .aner ui aiem, which is porirhrst: v.r.: King uuidu ot reace. that the spirit of s S expenSoS" Hlijab; is' .upon the' . knmvjtnot::;.. collected at great reSrdihaVe t ul.nfi lKn-- K ; these records are of ereat valne. fn people who are eniraeeif in thU iwWf fnr the dead. Marfriof those who have em- t urucca lire t ome navpr hppn f P? ' orwl t ri r . through this cmev.pnnciplet ........ . . rnnrfi that they could do a vicarious Work for those who I cannot take time to enter further into had died without a knowledge of the true w r v.. MOVO nnr innrinc VVMrt ai uusuc wimmir nun. .1 t - jcl ' " r j ,,v - passed away And not received the inrouKiiucbcnaiiisTO brdjn- to celestial tain glory . in the world to ces of the Gospel, we could not be hap- which come, hope encourages per- - py. This is pne of the most interesting severe that wemay have our mansions, andv astonishing principles revealed not ethereal,, but. real, to'dwelL'in, and through Joseph Smith, and I bear my uin cvcinuaiij auautu caici lesumonyto yoa that ne was a prophet on and on in greater progression, worlds of God, no man. could have accomplished without end. v; '.what he did in so short a time .except That there o stopping place for through the divine teachings. If you united who those thus, magnify their were to study Mbrmonism, the entire and make their election sure.; In ject, you .would' see how much it contains L Corinthians, chapter XV, verse 40: and one must acknowledge, even though 'There are also celestial bodies and bod- - prejudiced, that it is "a marvel and a , . ... t. . ' 1- " ' I notoat- A . A us--t- : kij, - . is-n- sub-calli- . ng . terrestrial; but the glorv of the celes- tial is one, and the glory-othe terrestrial is another." In verse 41 : MThere.is one glofv qi the sun and another glory of the, moon, and another glory bf the stars for one star.dmereth from another iri giqry,,L Perhaps you may think from what I have said that we go directly, to the manies f sions of glory, when we die, but I do not mean that, but we pass from here to the spirit world and await the morning of the resurrection, when we shall a)l be judged according to the deeds done in the body, - 19-2- 0, . long-sufferi- ng - , Sand-comin- In the closing chapter of the Old Testament,: the Prophet Mala- chi says' "For behold the day cometh that shall burn asanovem" And in the of Elijah. -jn last two verses he says: "Behold, I will" send you Elijah the prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord; and he shall .turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest:i come and smite the earth with a curse.' Au4. T?i;;k nmo Hp an- nr. i and, Oliver: to Tosenh the Seer '1 m Cowdery in the Kirtland lempie, iipn 3, 1836, and he said to them, after repeating 1 1 . 1 1 W 111 I IS III.t j ..rf tnuu; ill diduUi . ' iUUJ WUlU " HThPw t mft has r Lr. 1 ' ' l; I I I 'The kevs ot this dispensation are said ... 1 ; nrpd wonder." ; Having said so much about the Gospel and" its principles; T'desireV now to tell you of woman's organised work in the Church, The Relief Society, now. incorporated as the National' .Woman's Relief Society is,. asyOu will know by its name, a chari table and philanthropic organization to care for the needy, the sick, and unfor tunate, to. minister spiritual consolation, look after the morals of the community as well and in a certaih'sense save souls-- . This great society has been and is I wonderful power tor good, more than I can possibly tell you in a brief sketch. It has been educational in the best sense of the term to many thousands of women gathered from different parts of the world. It is this society that is affiliated with the National Council of Women of It has branches the United States. wherever there are- members of our Church. It numbers more than 30,000 women, and is divided and subdivided in such a.way that it is comparatively easy to reach all the members when necess- This Society was organized by sary. Joseph Smith himself in Nauvoo, Illinois, March 17, 1842. We celebrated our jubi- lee on the same date, 1892, all over the world; that is in Europe and the islands01 inc. sw, nusudud, xaamaum, x g South Wales,- - New Zealand, the. Islauds.-and-alsowich Canada, and Mexico as well as the. United btates. The Society owns land, houses, grananesJull ot wneat, ana is nor ue iinu m bpnnuai matters, faith is one of the foundation principles of our religion, and we believe in healing by the laying onof hands.; The sick are often hea ed by the administra- tionof the sisters, but we take none of the glory to ourselves, but give theLord the glory. Tins Society is presided over at tha head bv five eeneral otneers and a women, including hoard of tvyenty-thre- e i.1 Ji r'r.rrha ynthoare or A o uie gcuaa. nt Genera Z a General Treas- and General Secretary Tho eriHprv k ilivfi n inrn vvnar .... I nn.r, OCOCt ., M tptm- wc icim BWftM;:au.i.A,.wr-w.i..which also nf th there are fiftv-fivI There are many passages in the Bible which to me prove the resurrection when our bodies which we have laid down will be reunited with our spirits and we shall He glorified and go oh unto perfection. In this connection, perhaps, it Would be well to sav one of the purposes of buildiner .Temples is for sacred ordinances pertaining to the dead. Do you recall the passage of scripture, I Peter. 3: "By which also, (speaking of Christ) He ' went and preached unto the spirits in prison which sometime were disobedient, oflGod Waited in when the the days of Noah," etc. Also refer to I Cor., 15, 29: "Else what shall they do: who are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? Why are they then bap- tized for the dead?" ; tne in There is proot also propnecies of the ancient prophets in regard to the I in foreign MiuvinK conclusive v A3, vcnm cnaWr ot ' to theLatter-daySaint- ; - I e. , . . . . . l iah the whole wonar so iu ipcd.K uaa been genealogical statistics for gathering I I .tkonrx' hnfulOO UPCP n PiP U IP IIIISSKJIIS wuvw-i.:- "such as the branches on the islands and T T --- countriesTvi?S.stakes al- - iuuea 10, mere are organized branches that have a similar hhnrA :nfirprc ilcV ; teachers who make regular house to house visits. In this way, each society: suuii, 15 uware ui ine conanion and circumstances of all in local districts. These stakes are also visited" at stated times by members of the General Board, and missionaries duly appointed."""" The young women also have an organization called" the Young Ladies' National Mutual Improvement Association, also "affiliated with thTNational Council, which is more for intellectual,- moral and spiritual development. Their work is broad and extensive and It enters into all the avenues of life, including the home. The young men have a similar organization, and these two associations meet conjointly at regular intervals, Another, large, organization of our Church is for children, both boys and girjs under fourteen years or thereabouts. ; ' - far-reachin- g. -- much of it religious work, yet manners and ' morals form a great part of the teaching. Besides- - these, we have the Sunday Schools, the public schools, high schools ' and kindergartens, ' academies, colleges and universities ot learning. As - you undoubtedlyknow, we have women's clubs, woman suffrage organizations and Republican and Democratic clubs and associations, and we are divided on party lines like other people, both Mormon and Gentile. Perhaps you will say after all that 1 have not given a straightforward answer I have endeavored to to your question. have you understand what Mormonism Mormon is, and how .it appeals to me. in the women the women are happiest world, taken as a whole. I know them intimately, in their homes, in their organizations, in politics, in religion. We have more actual freedom than most other women, we are a very independent body of women, we vote, 'we attend political primaries and conventions and take part in them, wc have helped to , make this , country, (some of us who were sort of pioneers,) and we feel as if it belonged we beto us, we are lieve in homes, "we are some of us colonizers, our young people marry and go out into new lands, north and south and bnild up new settlements somewhat as we did when we came-her- e, only they-aric rfPfc xuhnt with cnnnlipH Viatfpr We. have been and are trying to such institutions, educational, civil and religious as will be a credit to our ureal xuuniryr- - vvc mc a. uamunu ucu- nlf . The Constitution of our .country and the Declaration pf Independence are We have here' sacred instruments a society of the Daughters of the Revolution, "and Daughters of the American " Revolutionv-T- b ere is & large number of our people who are descendents of the New England Puritans (myself among the number). Joseph Smith Brigham Young Heber C. Kimball, , and other Apostles were of this liheage, born in Vermont. Many other leaders of the Church were born in other New Enerland States. Wil- - . home-maker- s, e to-u- s. iuiu wuuurun, ricbiuciu ui iuc ouujui t the time of the famous manifesto, pro- - 11 t r nusoano, iuy Daniel H.' Wells, was born in lrenton, t was trom uonnecticut. ' ... 4Z ' - . . 1 