WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 24 . V - ' Do we Seriously consider the fearful ; re sponsibility which is placed upon us, who their. 'Mbttiers can 'do much toward having -.. t t profess to be Saints2 , t' me aaoDain day Can we who feel in a measure this1 great children looK lorwarci to Do not let as I said, before. responsibility afford, to neglect, to set an ex- with pleasure the preparation for. the Sabbath day, become ample which is worthy of imitation JbyallL chll-dre"unduly burdensome at the end of the Week, by whom we may be surrounded, our ur children's children, and our neigh- so that it will, impress itself in an unfavorbor's children. For many parents who keep able manner upon, the minds of 'children. the'law's "of God strictly, and conscientiously In my childhood it was a custom, (every one HOLY. DAY SABBATH KEEP THE themselves, behold with sorrow, their chil- did it) in our home to turn every thing out the pernicious, influence of of the house on Saturday and every shelf "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it dren led away by their their neighbor, or friend, who perchance and every floor 'was scoured,. yes literally all do and labor thou shalt six days, holy, too" strict, or too scoured with sand, until one could have are think' that they may Sabthe is seventh the But day thy work. eaten off of any part of the floors, and every term it. aften as they pious, fchalt thou God. In it Lord of bath the thy can we be too strict in keeping memberof the family, by night were worn out: MySistera ,1 thv TKmi nnr ihv crn rrr ,mrr x " iiuu iivi "V lit IXVJ nuiftt the commandments of God? I think not! can such a horror of Saturday cleaning, that I maid man ror nor servant, thy thy daughter, we consistently call ourselves Saints if we vowed, that when I had a home of my own withnor nor thy stranger servant, thy cattle, to keep the I should never have a Saturday cleaning day! in thy gates!" was one of the commandments willfully, or carelessly, neglect which he has given us, and and I have kept that vow. I. try to manage which God gave to his ancient covenant peo- commandments which are reiterated constantly by his servmy work in such a way that Saturday is alMoses. his Prophet ple, through we know they most a leisure day, a preparation for the I will now quote from a revelation given ants, of whom we testify, thatnot covenanted Sabbath day, when I shall not be too weary are called of God?. Have we the the by Smith, Joseph Prophet through in sacred and holy places, to keep all of his to enjoy its rest. Lord, to his Saints in this day, on August 7, I am sensible that where there are large them l&U. pee Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 59, laws and commandments, and teach families, the management is more difficult, to our children? 9th to 21st par.: If we do not fear for our own sake, to but goodi generalship certainly . will accom"And that thou mayest more fully keep break or disregard these laws, we should be plish it. We fhould Impress upon our chilthyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt careful of our conduct,' for our children's dren the fact that God has commanded, that go to the house of prayer and offer up thy very n r po i w it v twvi nr id niir viii w - iin an profit by the teachings of this conference, SingingVDoxology. Benediction by Pre' eident S'tandring. . Conference ' adjourned for three months. ' E. J. T. ROBERTS." 7 Cor. Sec. Kki aiG.ir vein - jiiw i i 1 4 1 1 : 1 1 .... ; a , n. ; '-- . -j sake and the. stranger within our gates. "sacraments upon my holy day. One may ask how; can we get along with "For verily this is a day appointed unto the work which we have to do, and not work you to rest from your labors and to pay thy upon the Sabbath day, especially mothers devotions unto the Most High. "Nevertheless thy vows shall be offered who have large families of children. In the first place it is necessary that we ii - in ri n Vitcirmc no sd nn oil rlavfl flrirl Jit all . t- should become converted to the fact, that "But remember on this the Lord's day our Heavenly Father gives no commandthou shalt offer thine oblations, and thy ment, to his children, which he will not give sacraments unto the Most High, confessing them power to live up to., He has told us to rest from ur labors, on that holy day, thy sins unto thy brethren, and before the and to go to the house, of prayef, now if we Lord. "And on this day thou shalt do none other will do this, He will certainly give us of his will admonish us of our thing, only let thy food be prepared with holy spirit, which us 'inspiration by which we' singleness of heart, that thy fasting may be duties, and give of in the perfect, or, in other words, that thy joy may may be guided will performance tothem, him. be acceptable in a manner that be full. " Verily, this is fasting and prayer, or in "Many hands make light work" and if a mother of a family trains them properly, other words rejoicing and prayer. "And inasmuch as ye do these things there is no reason why they should not all with thanksgiving, with cheerful hearts and be able to enjoy the rest of the Sabbath day. countenances, not with much laughter, for A careful mother will plan her work for the this is sin buf,with a glad heart and a cheer- week, in a manner that will not find her overburdened with house cleaning at the end ful countenance. "Verily I say, that inasmuch as ye do this, thereof, but will quietly perform some por4he fulness of the earth is yours, the beasts tion of it every day, and see that each memof the field, the fowls of the air, and that ber of the family has his, orher, own especial which climbeth upon the trees, and walketh duties to perform, in their time and season. There is no reason why our children should upon the earth. "Yea and the herb and the cood things be allowed to play or study, all the time, which Cometh of the earth, whether for food we should as parents be generals or comor for raiment, or for houses or for barns, or manders of the forces at our command, and for orchards, or for gardens, or for vine-- ' study and work and play should be so classi" fied, as to give proper time to each, and the" '," "'. yards. "Yea all things which come of the earth, strictest obedience to discipline should be If obedience be, as we are told, in the season thereof , are made for the benefit required. to please the eye, the first law of heaven, obedience to that and the iise of man,-bot- h law certainly should be insistedlipon! Now and to gladden the heart. "Yea for food and for raiment, for taste as to methods, by which obedience may be and for smell, to strengthen the body, and brought about, they are manifold, and various and many articles might be written upon to enliven the soul. ''And it nlpflppth God that he had piven that vexed question, and yet ' 'the half would not be told" sufficient for this article to say, all these things unto man, for unto this they made, to be used with judgment, that without obedience all would be chaos, and that the very foundation of the super-- not to excess; neither by extortion. And in nothing doth man offend God, or. against none is his wrath kindled, save those who confess hot his hand in all things, and obey not his commandments." Jnave quoted from the. revelation given V unto, lis in this day by the Lord, through him, who we all testify to be a prophet raised up by him in this day arid age in which we OUR SPECIALTY ladies' ready-to-wea- r times. . : , ' ' . end-wer- e' R:. live. Sabbath day and that Caroline. C. (To bt R Continued. J. Wells. NOTES AND NEWS. One of the results of the extension of the franchise to women in Norway, is that henceforward .women employed in the postal service are to receive the same pay as men. Norwegian women are greatly rejoicing over this victory. Mrs. Zella NutUll, who has received many- - honors from American and foreign scientific associations for her explorations and archa?logical researches, is now in Mexico engaged as field director of the Mission, which is excavating the Pyramids of the sun and the moon at Teothuacan. This work is carried on largely through funds furnished by two other American women-Mr- s. Whitelaw Reid and Mrs. Crocker of San Francisco. Reid-Crock- r OF EVERY er Mrs. Emily P. .Collins was 94 years young on August 11. She received congratulations at her home, 60 Newbury avenue, Atlantic, Mass., where she lives with her grandchil- dren. Mrs." Collins organized the earliest womansuffrage association in the world, in the Western part of New York State. In the same year she sent to the Legislature what she believes to have been the first woman suffrage petition ever sent to the Legislature of any State. It bore the signatures jA sixty of the more prominent men and women in Bristol, New York, with few from neighboring towns. ..... Exp. K THOMAS DRY - we dare not disobey, him! As to those who serve us, the responsibility lies with us, to see that all who are within our gates, except those who are unable, and those upon whom devolves their care, should go to the house ot prayer. GOODS CO. 676971. Main Street, Salt Lake City i , we keep holy the garments - TRY US 