f . i WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - i ll ! r 1 ; ,; HISTORY' OF TUB U. W." PRESS CLUB. (Continued from page til.) A number of the Club, members appeared in costume, among the characters represented, Helen of Troy, Penelope, The Empress Eugenie, Spring and a Turban Mother. . "At the December meeting, of the Club, original- papers were read on the customs of celebrating Christmas in other lands. CJer- Maeser, France and many TbyIrs.'-LilliaIndia by. Mrs. Mary F. Kelly, New England : States by Mrs. E. B. Wells. : i- At the January meeting, 1005, papers were read, one by Mrs. M. J. Snow on "The Youth of George Washington," and one on 'MThe ... J V r it i. w asnington hy rnenasnip oi ixiiayeueanatur Mrs. Lillian Maeser. Original poem, "VBetpy Koss and the Flas." bv Mrs. Susa Y. flates' Two dollars were contributed to the Utah Federation of Women's Clubs, for the Traveling Library of the U. F. W. Clubs. Th.e February meeting was held at the home of Mrs. E. S. Wilcox, "where both the Press and Reapers Club were guests, in honor of the birthdav of their founder Mrs. E. R. Wells. Sixty ladies were present. The pro gram, consisted of the reading of poems from Mrs. --Wells-own volume of verse, 'Musings and Memories,- songs and recitations with a love gift to the guest of. honor. At the May meeting Mrs. Jensen read a very able paper on the war between Russia and Japan, from the Russian standpoint. Mrs. ilcox addressed the Club, more par- icujarly on the wonderful recor. , of the ht- nc vomicae Kin. iving, vi uic i icuiuui schcol, who had passed all competitors by two per cent. At the September meeting. Mrs. E. B. Wells, spoke upon the early history of the V. W. Press Club, and impressed upon its members the importance of its position as Mrs. one of the National Women s' Clubs. Francis read a paper on "The Idealism of 'tTt . -- w the Home. An original poem, Ihe .Burgo master of Berne,;' was read by its author, Mrs. Two representatives were appointed Kelly-to attend the Convention to be held at Springville. namely Mrs. Francis; President, and Mrs. E. S. Wilcox. Mrs. Lydia Alder was specially invited to speak of women in other lands by Mrs. Kinney. The Annual Meeting of the Club was held' in October, at the home of Dr. E. R. Shipp. of nfflre rpciiltpd in Mrs. Th m tvi n Tonciin no Prociflfltlt' Afr At F.Kellv. rrc T Jilian Mapper v,rot Second Vice President; Mrs. Margaret Caine, Cor. Secretary; Secretary; Mrs. M. Florence Critchlow. Treasurer. A program consisting of sketches of women of Biblical times, was well rendered. At the November meeting of the Uub,held in the Exponent office, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp addressed the Club, voicing her gratitude to Mrs. Wells as the founder of the Press Club, and her untiring efforts, in encouraging mental development m the women oi utan. ae Mrs. Mary E, Howell was Appointed legate to the George Washington Memorial Association meeting to be held in Washing ton D. C, February 190G. The December meeting of the Club was held at the home of Mrs. Francis and Mrs. Original poems on Christmas and Kelly. other subjects were read by Dr: E. R. Shipp. Mrs. Kelly read Pax Vobiscum, her poem, which had received first honorable mention, in the Deseret Kews Prize Competition. i Tbe January meetingr 1906, of the JMj was held at the home of Prest. Mrs. Jensen. Mrs. Jensen favored the company with an . Trn-pMi- .v Norway and Sweden, giving the history of mete countries hack tor several centuries, showing-hothe kingdoms came to be united, and the reasons which made a disunion without enmity-possibleMrs. Jensen gave afine Trnper on Christmas in Norway. Miss presented a pretty picture, dressed in the peasant costume of Swew . Eva-Jense- n -- den. Music, recitations and refreshments, added to the pleasure of the m&ny guests. The February meeting was beld at the Exponent office, and was devoted to eele- - brating'the birthday of its Honorary President and Founder Mrs. E. B. Wells. A paper by Mrs. R. M. Fox, referred to Mrs. Wells womanliness, and the noble rolls of wifehood and motherhood. One of Mrs.W' ells' daughters, Annie WeJls Cannon,."paid a touching tribute to th truth of the statements of Mrs. Fox. . Mrs. M. J. Snow spoke of Mrs. Wells' loyalty to every form of women's work, for the ' of humanity, also as to her work as a sufTragist, and in the Woman's Clubs. Mrs. Lvdia D. Alder (but recently returned from her extended trip abroad, whither she had gone as a speaker to the Quinquennial Congress, held in Berlin, June 1904) epoke especially on Mrs. 'Wells' work in literature. referring particularly to her work as editor of the Woman's Exponent; and of their being together in England, whither they had gone as members of the Quinquennial Congress, heM in Londoni June , ,, ui.o.T uuun T TT ... 0 ,r , ant i'llft. iiuiuc .ciiscii, auis. ,r Miss Sarah Eddington were received as up-buildi- ng ,m members. The March meeting was held at the home of Mrs. Florence Critchlow; Mrs". M. J. Snow was elected secretary. The Club was called upon, by the State Federation of Club's, that each member contribute a book on American history or literature, to aid in replacing the library, which was destroyed at Sunnj'side, by fire in November last. A sketch of the life of Eliza R. Snow-- was ably given by Mrs. Roundy. Mrs. Hattie Jensen spoke of the patriotic fervor, expressed in Miss Snow's poems. Mrs. Lillie Maeser spoke of her as poetess, especially referring to her most popular poem, 0, My Father. The April meeting of 1906 was held at the home of Dr. E. It. Shipp. Selections from the writings of the poetess Hannah 1. King Alder gave an m- were read. Mrs. Lydia-Dsketch of her lite referring to the teresting I. ,1 swift i 11 uiiD k"1- nH nODie Siaiure auu ucaniig ui thin woman, and of their intimate friendship whieb had lasted over many years. The death of Gladys Woodmansee; a member of the Club, a bright sparkling, precious woman, Also the death of Mrs. E.. was announced. J. Stevensen. A motion was made and car ried that the committee appointed by the Clnb. draft resolutions of respect. Mrs. Alder for. Gladys" Waodmansee, Dr. Shipp, Mrs. Steyensen Thp Sfintember. 1906. meeting was held at the home of Mrs. FrancisY Mrs. was to have been guest of honor, but was too ill to be present. A number of her old friends, girlhood friends in England were present, among them Mrs. Phebe Sloan, and Mrs.Margaret Young, were present by special invitation. Many incidents of interest were related, the flood of jears rendering up many treasures of the past. The poems read during the evening were selected by Mrs. Woodmansee herself, yet all regretted her. , -- 'i4,- J.-Snow- 1 excellent talk ontJipTirrwll - I : . , l enforced absence from the bosom of her ' ' friends. , The October, 100G meeting of the Press Club was held at the home of its IVesident, Mrs. E. II. 'Jensen. . Mrs. E. B. Well waa ' called to the Chair.. A report of the year's wprk was read by the President, and Mrs. Zina Y. Card was received 88 a member. Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke of the George' Washington Memorial; also' said that the shares held by the Press and Reaper's Clubs; , gave us an interest in the Woman's Memorial Association at Washington; also stated -that Utah was the first state 'in' the" Union, thai paid a subscription toward the George . Washington Memorial, and that it was collected from the children of the Public Schools of Utah. An original poem, "What is the Best for us to do?" was read by Dr. E. R. Shipp. Mrs. Minnie. J. Snow' 6poke at some length of her visit to the State Council of Women at Ohio, which numbers some 800,000 women, some of whom mate this their life work, spending fortunes in the cause. The club officers for the coming year were Mrs. Minnie J. Snow, President; Dr. E. R. Shipp, First Vice President; Mrs. Maria Francis, Seqond Vice President; Mrs. Florence S. Critchlow, Rec. Secretary; Mrs. E. II. Jensen, Treasurer. Mrs. E, B. Wells moved that a new office be created by the Club, that of Historian, and named Mr?. L. I). Alder for the office, as she has written the Club History for the Moved- and carried that this first decade. motion be acted upon later, which was done agreeable to Mrs. Wells' suggestion. This closed the history of the Club for the .past five years. Many of its old members still attend, and give of their best efioits for its That the Press Club is dear to "Aunt Em's" heart, goes without saying, and that true and lasting friendships have grown out of the associations formed in its members by delving into the world of "Birds of a feather, Thought and Events. We have flock together" was said of old. proven it to be still true, and the reason, ;that we see and understand alike, the requisite of the true friendship. . - up-buildin- g. The pen is mightier than the eword, The written than the. fcpoken word, The written-unborages sway, The spoken, breezes drift away, So full Thoughts store house, it o'erflows, Yet 'tis not less for all one knows; Outstretch thine hand, Thought's flowerB are fair, Pluck all thou wilt, none less are there. n Lydu D. Alder. 1 - VVood-manse- e' HONORS, ; On Wednesday evening, the 6th inst., a reception was given in honor of Sisters Martha. A Critchlow, Nancy "L. Burch and Eveline C. Brown, the retiring presidency of the Relief Society of the Ogden first ward. Sisters Critchlow and JBurch have been faithful workers in. the Relief Society cause for the past thirty years, and for twenty-eigh- t years held the positions of President and First Counselor, Sister Brown acting with them as Second. Counselor for thfl last ; eighteen years. Br their earnest and constant labors of love and sacrifice these .sisters have en deared themselves to the hearts of the peo ple of this ward, and the present officers and members' of the organization made this a fitting occasion for expressing the gratitude and love felt for them. 