WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .;. rtk.uvw a. Give the children a'piece of ground to cultiv.ite and plant with grain, vegetables and ilowers.r Teach them how' to and care for it. b.. Teach them to study and love the bird kingdom. leach them how to care for and love animals, to love nature, for .God hath created it for the use of man, (ben. 1 and 2 chapters.) Lecture 4. Our Children are Precious Jew el 8. av The little childrexi all, are lowers sent from heavenly gardens above, With minds as fresh earth, to be planted deep with, love, And the years of our care will quickly tell, The flowers our gardeners love jo .well. - .; e irrigate-cultivat- : - . : - Teach the children they have come to fill a mission, instruct them in the principles of ioftlw Gospel (Doc. and Cov. 68:25.) h. Teach them that obedience is better than sacrifice (Doc. and Cov. OS: 31.) We cannot devote too much of our time to the polishing of our jewels, they are God's gifts to us.: ''Suffer little children to come unto me and forbid them not,. for of such is the kingdom of heaven" (Mark 10:14.) " 63 - Lectu re S.Parables:The " (.Matt. 25: U-3'0)..- : ,1 Ten Talents ' lKlBUIUr-KESPiiCT- . . .' lister Elizabeth Strattorr Skin To the memory ol a. What talent do I possess? Do 4 cultivate it? Patiexice.faithcheerfulness. The power to instruct born at Graves End; Kent Co.; England, ' " April L'3, Whereas we the swters of 'he- Graham Ward Relief Society have been called to part-witour beloved President, who wai called to the great wunn ijuuujf, .iiunu I, r.Mv , e uo lei'l to ner,- - " thing that .tends to makp lifp hot brighter. VV VU I M1V11 U41VJU1 vated. h. It is selfish for mothers to devote alLof-theihrr lalmrvtor ?h?3rin1f'edan"un:" time to their families.' Benefits-fro- m selfish worker; and througli her patience love, and inChurch organizations. working we do feel and know much good has Woman's advancement-8ependon her own been accomplished. She at the post of i 1.. i l on1 vuuii v11VitD aim even on ner to 8. sh nusoanu the died. It can trulv be duty day euureiy The first requirement to successful life in a in- paid of her, th? world is belter for her having lived in it. capacity is to.lov'e the work. V In - J 1 r- - s way-ev- pfT-kr4- a er ,1 ISS.), Sister Skinner was. chosen Secretary of the Relief Society in the (iraham Wnrd and in ISSo 8he was chosen rreeident of the I'rimarv. and held both ollices for 1(1 years. In' ISW" the was. appointed President of the Relief Society of the Grahani Ward, which olfice she held until-hedeath. Therefore be it resolved,' that, we do trulv feel to sympathize with her dear husband anil children. And' we pray that (Jod's healing ence-inaever be near to soothe their lacerated hearts, and that a copy of these'' resolutions be given to them. Lecture 9. Place of Worship h Holy. a. Teach the children to' be quiet and orderly in the house of God; it is wrong to let the little ones run and play in the aisles, and for the older ones to whisper and make a disturbance during- services, these things are displeasing to our heavenly Fath- er' and an ense to 'our friends 'who visit our places of worship, for the house of God is a house of order. . . r - v Mary .Mary .: . A. PETKUirOx, K. Tallky, IlAtriK II. Skinner, Committee, . Lecture 10. A good Woman and a Good (iraham, Arizona. Worker are Separable. IN MEMORY. a. A home woman, one who reigns as queen in her own home, by administering to Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister the wants of her family. Elizabeth Thornton, once a member of the Want. who. passed away September 13th, "Blessed is the homemaker, for her hapa long illness. .1907, alter piness shall be multiplied. Saint.-FoSister Thornton was a faithful Latter-dab. Blessed is the worker who hath pleasw she as a constant, worker in the many years ure in her labors, for joy will crown her Manti Temple, and previous to that time held. the position as counselor to President Mary Ann efforts (Doc. and Cov. sec. 15.) in the Glenwood Relief Society w hich .Buchanan, In combining these qualities we often she filled with honor.position ' make a failure. Resolved by the sisters of the Glenwood Relief c. Holding too many offices is detrimental Society, that we mourn our loss and that we apto both home and organisations (Personal preciate the purity of her life and the worthy ex-- , ample she has set us to follow. observations.) Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be' re-- , corded records of bur society, also a copy Lesson 11 True; Object of. Relief Society be sent into the the Woman's Kxponejit for publica- Lecture 5.- - Preparation for the Future. a. The progress .we make here; goes with us into eternity (Doc. and Cov. 85: 118.) b. We owe a duty to our children's future mates.. Teach the bojT8 to put their clothes, books, etc., away neatly, and thus they will be helpful rather than a hindrance, not only to mother but to their future wives; c. Story telling as a means of education for our As much as possible let your stories be of noble deeds and. actions that will sbow the folly of wrong habits, viz., selfishness, idleness, slothfulness, etc., overcome evil v Work. ' tion. T., tendencies not by punishment, but by con: Diy President, ah jAt'k'SON, tinual direction of the mind to something a. Visiting the sick, effects, of cheerful S. Margaret Payne, 1st. Coun. Imhigher and nobler. company, looking after the poor. Josephine Bell, 2nd Coun. life. b. in home provement Responsibility Lecture G. The Sin of Gossip. of teaching the gospel a very essential duty. IN MEMORIAM. a. Be not hasty in condemning others, (Mark 15: 16.).. Our BeJoved Sister Annie J., Wixom died on speak of their good qualities, rather than 12. Lecture Sunday afternoon, December 22nd, 1907. their misdeeds, we might do things that Annie Jackson Wixom was the daughter of are just as wrong if we were placed in simiGeorge and Louisa Jackson; was born October Review and discussion of benefits derived 10th, 1846, in Shirdington, Gloucestershire, Englar circumstances. "Judge not that ye be from Mothers' Work of year's study. land. At the age of ten years she became a memnot judged, for with what judgment ye judge A. ber of the Church. of Jesus Christ of Latter-daLucy Steers,' others ye shall be judged. (Matt. 7: 1.) Saints, emigrated to Utah IKo'G. In the same year, Juliette Blackburn, on October 13th, she became the wife of Justin C, Sarah J. 0ALTON, Judge not that ye be not judged, for 'tis Wixom: In November 18(C they moved to Relief Society Stake Presidency. high to be a judge. City. In 1878, when the Y. L. M. I. Association was If I would be pure and holy, I must love ' .first organized in the 2nd ward Brigham City she without a grudge. was called to act as president, which position she RESOLUTIONS. held with great credit for a number of .years. She Have some subject for discussion at sewalso acted as teacher in the Relief Society in the, Have respect ing bees and work meetings. Whereas our Allwise Heavenly Father has seen same ward fer some years. for all God's creatures, for ridicule i3 the fit to take back into His presence oiir ranch esJune 13tb, .1893, she was called and feustained this who Ann as Sister teemed Atkin, Mary A plain face and Recording Secretary on the Stake Board of the departed weapon of the ignorant, 69 Relief and life on 1908, old, 6, being years Society of Box Elder, which position she February plain clothing should not be the basis of our Whereas she was the President of the Tooele hld. with efficiency until the time of her death; estimate of people. Value the conduct, and .Belief Society for several years, having resigned she also held the position of City Treasurer for two terms. the qualities of the mind above all else, r a year or so ago on account of. failing health. In (ilen-woo- d y - ' chil-dre- n. . . y Brig-ha- m . Our Bodies are Temples of the Lecture 7. Living. God(v Doc. and Cov; 93: 35.) We gaze at the wonders of nature, , We reflect on God's excellent plan, The earth in its grandeur, the Heavens and ; - '. :'; seas, But his most beautiful work is man. " a, Teach our children to keep their bodies clean and pure. Tea.ch them the value of deep breathing, fresh- air, exercises, and of standing erect. We are made in the image of God, and Rhould keep that image as per- fect as possible. -- 4 . - this capacity she was a kind, dutifuMeader, which endeared her to all having the pleasure of knowing her. She set an example worthy of imitation in her every walk in life. .Therefore; Be it resolved that we, the members of the Tooele Ward Relief Society, who do so keenly feel her loss, endeavor to follow the example she set before us and keep in mind the kindly advice she gave. Resolved that this resolution be recorded and a copy of same be handed to the bereaved family and one sent to 'be published in the Woman's - ..' ' , .. Exponent. ' years.; Secretary. - . ' "T ' loving.re-membranc- and heart. . . : from her Lovingly ' , Addie Vowles, "' . co-labor- Co-labore- rs Susanna P Booth, President. Emilia D. Madson, Mary J. Hardino, Counselors. . President. '. Annie J. Wixom had. a kind and benevolent heart, a pleasant, cheerful disposition, which won for her, the love and f riendship of all her e and associates; she will be held in for her many noble qualities of mind , R. Alice 'McBride, - She loved the gospel and was an energetie arid faithful worker in thedifferent positions she held. She was & sweet singer and was a faithful member of the Brigham City Tabernacle Choir for 40 -- Lula . Cor. Secty. Annie ILLittlewood, Asst. Sec. B Call, Fanny Graeiil, Treasurer. v - r 