V ,1111.., !W " outon the streets '" IIH.IP-- Or at , Illl.l., . WOMAN'S EXPONENT . M,, " . f. .. HI, is quoted and .'Sunirrin J other churches- esides our own. ttv. ictriKu t prl with nnr nmcrri m r( 1. . . . ... tCL i homCa pathy. goes out to mothers who are trouried'4 ''r'HARPR.'-''over cnuaren. as motners weare trying to JL Li. tru" , .1uieref , un uie oit piemuer, do our verv best.and we are ble3ed vvoman's Congress, at .ine Co" ,ng.inof the noble epiritof children in our hjnies. ; May the spirit of beloved pmp an Exposition m Chicago, m i8(jj .. FannxLL; Harper,-hundreds of :copies .of : this poem. I the Lord help ua to ijuide 'onr; children; wife of Prest. William T.rilarperrof the Cassia 1 "etake sert it here as giving you an Idea of our presidency.-- fcjater Harper: was:the"daugbf-mere la no neaven ior ua wunout cnuaren, n ter and parents and friends. May '.we be able orunesw? it is style- dr3Teian0u',?"u f8 belief in a to control, our children that we sraay enjoy 1SS4. in connectioirwith her husband: she moved AN INVOCATION. " 1 ' , - -- - 1 v?u : - . . pre-exi.stenc- "peace and contentment Stake Counselor Harriet Jacobs testified to. the truth of the Latter-da- y Gcsp el. We are blessed in havinir been brought out of theworIdurito. the Hshtrof the Gospel. Sis ters, be wise when you go to eit up with the sick if possible, lie down and give the a chance to rest if they can. I .have ' e'uflered myself by having persons sit up when they - might as well have lain down. You can give all the attention needed when ' you are close at hand. We are told that we will be judged by our thought. We cannot help our thoughts coming, but we 'are responsible for those thoughts remaining. .... When we feel bowed down, let us sing the' song3 of Zion, and we will feel lifted up. Let. us keep the. Word of Wisdom, and let us enthe temcourage our young sisters to go-t- o when enter the holy state of mafri-rnonple they A'Jked the :Lord to bless us in our v endeavors to improve. President Stephen L. Ghipman: The re- -' ports of the wards are necessary. We learn . from each other, arid a word may be dropped that will benetitanother. To be spiritually-minde- d js Hfe Wemu3t think of the .things... of God. We must act along the lines of the Gospel; the more we work, the more we joy the spirit of the Gospel. The Kelief Society is one of the help3 to assist in converting souk and in caring for 'the sick and downcast It is necessary that we have charity. We must bear with one another: where I am weak; perhaps you may be strong, and where I am strong you may be weak. Every organization, in the Church is necessary and one cannot say to another, We have no need of. thee; all- have been placed there to help and make a perfect completeness. God established this work and this plan, and our organization astonishes "the yorldrThriM-wiirblesstis'if- '' we are united and work In harmony together. The sister3 are more loving and spiritual-minded than their brothers. It is in the. hearts of the sisters to reach out and heln all who are in need. Spoke of the movement I . . . on loot, to establish free libraries in the small towi3 for the benefit of the boys and attract them from the streets. May God bless you, my sisters, may we never tire of work in this cause. J Sister Zina Chipman said we hafe had truths enough today to reflect on for a long time. We have no time to waste, and ho perl she wo aid always be readand willing to da her duty in this Society Meeting closed by singing:and prayer by ' pa-tien- ts . . y, -- J-- to- AUumCagsia.CQurityxjIdahQtJierHnjneek nesa or epiric gne won me respect ana i.ove or au who associated with her. In thesnmmer of l'JOO her htisband waa called to the presidency of Cas- r " - . . ....... - Sister Emma Feathersone -- r- -- .'M3L J..T.EQRERTS,-Cor- . Jn TbyJiolyhabjtationx he . Did my spirit onCe reside? In my first primeval childhood Was I nurtured near Ihy side? VFor a wise and glorious purpose Thou hast placed me here on earth, And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth. Yet oft;mes a secref something Whispered .'You're a stranger here' And I telt that I had wandered From a more exalted- sphere - ( "I had learned to call Thee Father , ' Through the Spirit from on hib; But. until the Key of Knowledge Was restored, I kneiv not why. - Tn , . the heavens are .parents single? Nor the thought makes reason stare! Truth is reason; truth eternal . Tells me I've a mother there. ., RESOLUTIONS. . Whereas Father, in His infinite '.wisdom, has seen fit to call from our midst our mucn esteemed and beloved president, Fanhv L. Harper,who departed this life on the 16th of Sepour-heavenl- v 'When f leave tbis frail existence, When I lay this mortal by I Father, mother, may meet Jou In 3 our royal court? on high? Then at length when I've ccmpleted' AU ou sent me forth to da ' your'mutual approbation Let me coine and dwell with you." -- - - and Whereas, our intimate association with her in the. performance of her duty as a president of the Relief Society of Oakley Fourth ward, has so endeared her to us. that we feel it a d ntv and a pleasure to express our appreciation of her labors in our Society and.of her earnest endeavor to do rirfit,of her integrity and faithfulness in the Gos' pel of Jesus Christ. She was a devoted and loving helpmate to her husband, a kind, tender and affectionate mother to her children. Therefore . uc ik inuiveu, inai we, tne memners or the : moif Oakley Foarth Ward Relief S deeply mourn the loss of so faithful a RihV hnt tember, 1907; -- There are many interesting: incidents connected with the women of the Church that would answer the question, asked in the title of this paper, but it .is "riot to elahorate in so little timeV as ue ,n.u?"oucn upon" the marriage question ana tne everlast incr covenant: are .willing to acknowledge the Tiiand otthe Lord Marriage seems novv the great question m all things. of the age. At any rate, it is the woman's Be it further resolved, that we extend our hearf felt sympathy to her husband and children special subject, it is certainly one of the " in their bereavement, and ask Him to bless comfort t hem in their hoar of trouble; and aqd He it further resolved, that :t entered in the minutes of out societ-v- and a copv given to the bereaved. familv of the deceasedd a copsentto the Woman's ,Exponekt. ; . Louisa.II. Hale. Marerv tunk, Committee. Pra A FnrfKHrlo pos-sih- le reasons why a woman should desire to be a MdTrrion. Marriage is a part of our religion,, we believe in marriao-e- and mar eternity as well as for time. rdgeI0r cery one wno beiievts in the Bible must I know rfiarriatrp woe n( CLA. o . thP . , v firct- - rm rpnnir.nf t a J Eve,:was. to multiply and replenish the TOY A TOMANvSD BE A MORMON' DESIRE TO. f Concluded J '" rt, presented these trut verted Zm 'the fiSo'f gent women that "Mail is not without the woman, nor the woman without the man in the Lord.M The saying." is pro1 v . (Written by special request and read at Womens' Clubs in New York.) Parley P. Pratt brought to Kirtland the Gosoel nnd nkn th. .r VrT" n" verbial. ' ; AVe believe in the , strictest 'morality and purity of life in both men and women. yne standard ot morals, not- c4ay. witnstanding all that has. Been said of us that out of the question, we be ieve in what is termed Celestial Rlarriage,. the Sec. ' The homestead of John Alden and at Duxbury, Mass., which was sold at auction under foreclosure a few days ago, was bought by the Alden Kindred Associa-- . tion of America, and will be preserved as a memorial." The house was built in, 1653, and has been inhabited by descendants of John Alden and Priscilla ever since. . the hfgh and glorious place; When shall I regain Thy presence And again behold Thy face? ' . " -- - "crrytrerTTirQtrtiiardwenE.-In sia stake of Zion and it became hpref-sarin to- - Oak ley be -- head q a artera cL-tFtnke. anu iroin uiui iirae on eiie was an ever aewve worker in the Relief society. She was president of the First Ward Society wa.a rfiriMprl nnd thu Pnnrtln until th.lfc Ward was created, at vvhich time she was made president of the new ward society, which position she held until a month befere her death. A'l were reluctant to release, her. hoDihs and Brav ing shefwould recover from a serious' illness of heart .trouble that had overtaken her a year. before. She had the "greatest desire to' live and raise her children, and could not be reconciled until a few days before she passed away, when too weak to speak above-- a "whisper, those at her bedside overheard- her beseechim? her Father in .heaven for strength to do His will, and from that meweetpeace pervaded their home? . She.was the mother of ten cflildren, six of whom survive her,the eldestbeing on a mission to New Zealand. f-m-- or e." Pris-cill- a, Tl 4 - . l w ' ... j tnmony for time and all eternity; that Smith, the&ffle.P9rliS;pj0 co enant we hold sacred; we expectnot and Lorenzo f nl' r ,to dwe" together here, but to dwell the Quorum of ia Ihe t,4e o relation hereafter zo Snow deatf all the endless ages of eter- 'hnrrt f n October, i9o!, Preside" of a?d as we do not think there is.afly Safnt Jesus Kther a5S 0f JPeople on e earth holding JiSnow, isdluded to byMerrln and Gentlles rde Melchisedec except, the I.atter- as1 lion's Poetess lf we expect to attain that ex- " One am.ts' become famous altatiori in the eternalwprld, then we must WvSwl"5 Pth? hisisvwJf - 