WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 3D 1 motners should' allow (heir children to ature REL IF SOC IETY REPORTS! read. Sister Nibley said parents should set the LIIiEKTV STAKE. of keeping the Word of Wisdom " conference of the Liberty example pemi'annual The children. before their . . rr- . i 4U. .M nl. m blaEG ueuei oucieiy was nciu i President Rramwell poke of the duties 190S. ward me tinghimjeJThurs day, June 25, should be energetic pi the teaciers. They. President Anna S. Musser presiding and act as guardians of the peopleWe had with u Sister Annie W. Cannon brother George Stoddajd endorsed what and rnzauein. lTiiCTJx ui had been said during the conference. a The L. M. Y. of the Y. Dougal Sister Maria Relief Society was doing a great work. ', this earth; not I; A. one has Every eession were. -- - The soloists at the morning onlv to sav themselves but others. Mips Brain and Sister Eva.James. Sister Helen GedJes then sang "Daugh After the kpeninjt exercisesrand address ters of Zion," written by Sister Annie W. of welcome by President Mu?ser. Counselor Cannon. .v various the said Mary E. Hodgson" presented the names of Schofield President Man the general and stake officers who were wards had responded generously when called retained. on for their allotment of the fund on March Financial the and report Statistical The 17, Said she appreciated the privilege of Presidents and the and read was accepted, holding the conference 011 Sunday. of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 8th and Liberty wards After singing and benediction' by Sister to be her society respective each reported Mary L. Ransom, conference adjourned. in a flourishing and prosperous condition. Ethel Bean Ass't Sec. Sister Maria Y. Dougal rexd a' paper on t Q'teiar 7inn D IT Ynnnr and MILLAUD STAKE. W. Cannon snoke to the sisters ' Minutes of Relief Society Conference of for a short time. Millard Stake held at Fillmore, July 31, Adjourned until 2 o'clock. 1908. President I. E. Robison presiding. After the usual opening exercises President d us with a solo, and Sister Maude Paul read a paper on the The Simple Life of I. E. Robison was pleased to see so many in Christ:' attendance, hoped we would not feel disapDougal, gave pointed because President Hinckley and the Sisters Wilcox, Cannon-anus many good instructions, spo.ke words of visiting brethren were not present, as they were holding meeting at Hinckley the object comfort and qood cheer, also gave instructions to the officers, teachers and missionabeing to dedicate the Relief Society Hall ries. that they have just completed, and to reSister Loyd spoke for a short time to organize that Relief Society. President Emma Watts of Kanosh, Presimothers, and Sister Eva James testified to rethe goodness of God to her, during the dent Mary A. Stephenson of Holden, Presicent illness of her family. dent M. E. Bushnell of Meadow, Counselor rePresident Musser made a few closing Maggie Hatch of Scipio', President .Melissa to make Olsen of Fillmore and President Ann E. Lymarks, thanking all who had helped of words our conference a success, speaking man of Oak City, each gave a very good reand love and comfort to all present, giving port of the work, they were doing laboring and teachers. for the poor and sick, preparing the dead for instructions to missionaries adconference After the closing exercises, burial, storing wheat, building halls and journed for six months. granaries, and each one reported an improveLizzie Robmns, ment in Society work. Elder Orvil Thompson of the Stake PresiSecretary. dency said the Oflicers of the Relief Society were superior women inasmuch as they were UNION STAKE. a work, read a passage bearof the Relief Society of Union doing superior Conference . f nno i v i t .1 . i a at ...... ing on Charity. There is no power for good, fcaiucm i neiu xwxiy btaKe, Juiy .iyt ivvo, the" influence of women, After singing, and more potent than Schotield. presiding. T - T) . . i U clnmtirt oanvx felt the labors of the Relief Society were apsis x uuc, v. prayer oy jruuieii. outing other opening exercises, reports of different preciated. Counselor Adeline Smith had enjoyed wards were given. the different branches, was thankSister Rebecca Nibley, of the. General visiting ful for the experiences. A woman's mission Board, said that every, family should have is to make the home and use her influence at least one representative in the Relief for the betterment of her family. and Society to work for the advancement E. President Robison Isabella ' spoke of the ' betterment of the people. call for" more students to take the Nurse Sister Annie Wells Cannon, of the General Course, alluded to the lack of nurses who Board, said wewere certainly blessed to see to our faith, this is a calling we and hear the president of the Church and belong should try to encourage, asked the sisters to some of the twelve apostles. The calling of support the Woman's Exponent. Said there a Relief Society teacher is the noblest call were over thirty thousand women enrolled ing a woman can. have. The storing of grain in the Relief Society in the Church.. is hoi a fad but the commandment of a After singing benediction by P. T. Brun-soprophet of God. v" . : T The names of the General and Stake Relief Society adjourned until evening ucjrt$ wre men ureseiueu auu busiciiiicu. After singing and benediction by BrotherFr given and much good instructfon, adjourned S. BramweiLconference adjourned until for ' three months. ' ' evening.;' Session.- - ; After MiRiN da Bennett, singing and Evening V ,. ; Secretary, reciiaiiuu a yivcu uy kjioici jva , prayer-7 riosenoauru. said she was Cannon W. :Annie Sister Conference of Nebo Stake Relief Society pleased to see so many young people out to . the meeting. Spoke of the kind .of liter- - held June 19, 1908', Spanish Fork; ' .Presi- ' - jin-animous- ly : . - Be." Song by Sister Anna Beck entitled "Some Time, Some Where." Sister R. E. Little spoke a short, time on Relief Society work; also of a visit she had made to Palmyra in the central part of New York State, where Joseph Smith had lived in the 19th . century, and described the place t:.i ' n. ' : . -- " , ; very beautifully . musical selection was rendered by bis ter Tjera Lewis, entitled "The Last Hope. Sister Beatie spoke on the Nurse Chi ss work. A Brother Swensen spoke on Relief Society work, said "the brethren are interested; in the work as well as the sisters." Bishop Hales spoke of the good the Relief Society was doing. Bishop Argyle spoke a few words of encouragement. Bishop Argyle of Lake Shore spoke a short time on the Relief Society grain. - Bishop McKeR spoke of the help the missionaries had received from the missionary v fund in the Relief Society. Sister Dixon made a few closing remarks of appreciation to the people of Spanish Fork' for thegnlp.ndidpjitprtninment and hospitality received at their .hands. Conference closed by singing and benediction. 7 " . 1 siding. Stake officers were presented and sustained. A poem. was then read that was written by Annie Wells Cannon entitled "Daughters of Zion." A short talk was given by Sister Emma Hitchinson, "Our Home and What it Should t. : -- ' Eliza. A. Hawkins, . ; . Cor. Secretary. a . te President -Dixnn rire- Singing and prayer. General and Aftprnnnn ppssinn. -- . T Sis- re-por- 4 H V Sister Eliza J. Dixon presiding. She reported Nebo Stake in excellent condition. Sister. Sharer report Payson First Ward, Sister Potter reported Payson Second Ward. Sister Holt reported" Spanish Fork First Ward. 7"";: Sister Beatie Lewis. Anna Sister by Song congratulated Nebo Stake on their good work, also spoke of amusement for the young, don't shut up the parlor from the children, but teach them to take care of good things and .throw everything nice around .them, and go with them to their places of amusement, and go home with them and be'pnc of them; said our children mutt get a testimony for themselves, lead them in that influence that, will help them to gain a testimony. Be good mothers. Sister Bradford reported Spanish Fork Second Ward, Sister Jones. Spanish Fork Third Ward, Spanish Fork Fourth Ward 1 by Sister Swensen. Sister R. E. Little referred to the good reports that had been given; said theftener we meet in conference capacity the better we get acquainted and learn the good quali ties of our sisters, thought mothers should not jsfay at home with their children but take them to meeting, if they do cry sometimes. After singing and benediction conference adjourned until 1:30 p. m. ic mrt 1 o oilers few words of welcome were spoken by ter Holt of Spanish Fork First Ward. - -- " Little being present as visitors from the General Board, and all the officers of Nebo Stake one. Conference comnienced present except by pinging,- etc., and usual exercisest A . -- t ir? uixun, jresunug. dent, ruiza j. Phebe Y. Beatie and Rebecca E. n : -- . - . IJINTAH STAKE.." " Minutes of the '46, : also' 2nd annual Relief Society conference held in the Uintah Stake tabernacle, August 4: 1908. ; 