WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 16 3Ir . Let us as mothera in Israel build a arm We believe in eternal progrescharacter. sion. Love one another, There are numberless kind acts perforrned; daily by sisters of the Relief Society of which no account is ,v ting. : , A beautiful recitation was given by Sister kept, she bore testimony to the divinity of Nina Michaelson accompanied by her sister, the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. she also read a piece that had been compos- - Solo, "Sing Me to Sleep," sung by Sister EtholCall. ed for the Relief Society. of how tMfiitinrrn Ristera stioke . OriA Counselor Id a Smoot Dusenbery made - --" - " nf fhft . t ii . me oeauu-- references to some of the false things which ner memories we.re awasenea Dy ji' ful surroundings, and our lovely climate, are epoker inthe world against 'the Latter-daSaint. -- had heard so much from her mother. Saidt)ur influence should be all to be faithful and take. of the best, for we can do more good by excare and train the children right and Tend a ample than precept.. Related a testimony received by a brother in the east, from meethelping hand. ' Closed by singing and benediction. ing with1 the "Mormon'' Elders, who imAfternoon session af 2 p. m. President' planted in his heart by their acts as well as N. E. Pugmire presiding. Opened by choir teachings a love for the Gospel, and it was impossible for him to quench the testimony singing, "JennaJem The Golden." in his heart, although he had endeavored to ment was then administered. Sister Mary Bagley then spoke for a short for six years. "We can preach a sermon time in a kind motherly way every' day of our lives in our actions. , Recitation by Gertrude Rich, "A Child' Then President Laker addressed us. Conference convened at 2 p. m. with Sister James, one of the General Board, President Ann T. Walker presiding: Stake spoke of the good the Relief Society had ac- Counselors Julia A. Dabell and Lussania R. complished, we should extend the hand, of Lawson bore testimony, and had found friendship, there Js no greater blessing on great pleasure and satisfaction in comforting earth than Motherhoodi told how scientists and caring for the Bick. look at the "Word of Wisdom' and they Secretary Fanny Z. Perry reported the also think it very good to .fast, exhorted. us Rudy Ward not, doing anything at present. all to faithfulness and doing good. President Ann T. Walker reported the stake, , A solo by Clara Williamson. , said, "We have over 3,000 bushels of wheat Sister E. S. Wilcox spoke of how she en- - and $110 cash on hand. The stake presijoyed uie talent mat nad oeen exniDitea ana dency have Vi8itedeveryward in the stake also: in behalf of the Exponent and spoke and found them .doing a good work with the very interestingly of how we can help each exception of one. The following stake Reother in doing everything that is noble and lief Society missionaries bore testimony to good. the grandeur of Relief work: Sally A. CorR. President J. very don, Annie C. Selck, Sarah Scott, and TreasShepherd in the of much tested, spoke great i&Ip the urer Mary Ellen Call. Relief Society is to the bishop, said "it is .Sister Elizabeth Wilcox encouraged the much more blessed to give than to receive;' sisters to support the Woman's Exponent. .that in the performance of our duties comes Said- it had been suggested b the General the greatest blessing, to woman has especiBoard that some of the papers written on to her love devotion been and ally given Motherhood be sent to the editor of the Exchildren. What a wonderful religion we ponent for publication. have, it includes everything, grand and Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry spoke of we nave ine gruaiest iraieruai urban- the beauties of nature, said we are fitted for nouie, ization. May the Lord bless the sisters and the burdens we have to bear; our trials make bless us all. us love more and have charity one ' for anPresident N.J2. Pugmire thanked all who other, spoke of the joy and satisfaction had helped, in any way to make the meet- which is brought to one's soul for waiting ' ings interesting. on the sick. '"Give a kind word to mothers Closed with singing up your heads' for they do need and deserve encouragement. Benediction, Elnora Austin. Make confidents of your children, gain their Louise Tueller, love and respect. It is very necessary to Sec. Cor, keep sgoodcompany or you will be contaminated by association with evil, bind your RIG BY STAKE. children to you with love' A paper on Motherhood was read by Stake The first quarterly conference of the Relief Relief Society Missionary, Hannah Morgan. Society of Rigby Stake convened at Rigby, Mary Anglesey, president of Labell Ward, Idaho, June 19, 1908, commencing at 10 a. m., President Ann T. Walker presiding. Af- - reported. President William W. Selck, Jr., Josiah u ward officers was called, showing a full at- Call and Don C. Walker all endorsed the tendance of stake officers and seven wards' remarks of the sisters and exhorted all to nut dnnn aolrr Trio P5mnrf Tin ODT1. take heed to the counsel given and be energetic workers in" the Kingdom of God. nPTTV nnn n,nz;mprn iv wi nnx ni mfi itpti- President Ann T. Walker thanked the eral Board of the Relief Society were in atThe following wards were re- visiting sisters for heir visit and comforting tendance. advice and counsel; also appreciated and ported as being in a fairly good condition -the expressed -- thanks - to kin; Grant, by Sarah A. C. Miller; Lewis-villby Elizabeth Gilchrist; Menan, by Mary President J. U. Shepherd thought it a very wise thing" of our president to choose her secretary and treasurer from St. Charles j eo as to be near .at hand when business is pres- ' ' ' tality shown the sisters.; Conference adjourned for three months, after singing and prayer. - . Mary J. M. Rohinson, Stake ' - : OBITUARY. By an accident from runaway Btage horseg, it becomes our painful duty to record the pad death of our beloved Bister, Mary Ann Ikoadbent, aged 78, which occurred on the Gth of April, 1108. She was a woman full of faith and good workg, always ready to help the. poor, the eick, and for many years Auntie Broadbent (as ehe was affectionately called) was always the one rnoet forward in making the clothing for the dead. She wa for.eevteral years president of the Primary Association, and" an ardent worker in the feabbath ; it - i- y Sister-JIome,exhqrte- : School. faithful laborer in the Belief Society, her voice was always in defense of the Goepel restored to earth through the Prophet Joseph Smith in this dispensation of the fulness of times, leaving her native land and all that was dear for its sake. We the officers and members of the Kanab Belief Society express our sorrow and sincere sympathy with her bereaved husband (now in his '.Met year, and her companion, and family. Soon they will be reunited and sorrow and sighing will he no more. They have all kept the faith and will rise to a glorious resurrection with the righteous in the Father's Kingdom. Sarah J. Crosby, President; E. A. Chamberlain, L. A. J'arnsworth, Counselors: A. B. McAllister, Secretary; Bebecca K. Mace, Treasrer. . A , 1 , , I. W. S. A. The meeting of the International Woman SufJrage Alliance opened at Amsterdam on June 15, with a large attendance. Some of the dispatches call it the largest International Congress of women ever held. Delegates were present from America, Bulgaria, Bohemia, Canada, Denmark, Germany, England, Finland, Hungary', ItalyJIolland; New Zealand, Norway,. Russia, Austria, Ireland, Sweden; Switzerland and elsewhere. In all, 23 countries were represented. There was one male delegate; the representative o"f the Men's League for Women's Suffrage in England. He was cordially received, as he deserved to be. A cantata of welcome was sung by 300 women 80 little girls and 60 boys. An address of welcome followed by Dr. Aletta Jacobs, president of the NetherMrs. lands Woman Suffrage Association. Carrie Chapman Catt, the Iuternational President, then gave an eloquent opening address, in which she asserted that suffrage for women was sure to come within a few years. She declared that the suffragists' enemy was not man, "but conservatism. -- . -' hacL-bee- . n . - - . i. Woman's CLASS IN OBSTETRICS. Dr. Margaret C Robert's Class in obstetrics will commence on Monday, -- . the-member- s-of Journal. - ; . Sec. October J2th, 1908. For further information communicate with Dr M C Roberts 404 Temple 'on Hdg.Salt Lake City. Phone 2002, : ' -- e, Duet sung by Brother and Sister Silcocks of Grant ward. Sister Elizabeth Wilcox addresse congregation on envy, and the temptations which surround our children Parents should guard their children very, closely. R. K, THOMAS DRY GOODS CO 676971 Main Street, Salt Lake City ' ladies OUR SPECIALT Y ' ' . ready-to-wea- r OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. garments TRY US 