' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 29 This lTonfy fin Extract from r.ihAJmdixiZ JaFjv'Jf.Jbead on" their table? It makes article mine October '4 'tA4 rcked to isei falka so destitute '" n. ..i:r" nrL..i it. year, u nai me ruuur ui mo neview nas in this land of plenty.'' "Most of us work for. all we tret, dear said of that paper we can truthfully alhrm V"lTV" a I v nnton ,. A a rl inn nu ril friend, and God is over all." woman's movement along chronicle of the With which piece of world-widspiritual "the went. we in Therefore lines soute the philosophy," many picked up their, good the of " women our people basket and proceeded on their way, earnestly beseech to efforts maintain their It was a weary way thoy trod. But to use their best own. paper. they murmured not. They knew they were only two. of six thousand like themselves, 'who were facing the storms of winter that bitter . Christmas five to bring MINISTERING CHRISTMAS ANGELA comfort to the poor and needy. Now it ' SUSA YOUNV, (JATES. was a house filled with the somber clouds of The usual subdued buzz of conversation death and poverty. Again it was aged invalThen in the teacher's meeting at the Relief Soci-- . idism, united to., shiftless youth. sickness claimed the working head of a ety hall; was greatly augmented that day by ' the heap of Christmas parcels which quite struggling household, and the temporary rehid the placid president of the Society, as lief was like the broken rift in a leaden sky, in his brilliant and they were piled in various attractive looking cut by the sun Next laziness and path. bundles on the table before her. She stood made havoc with helpless , children, but up to say: And .every Sisters, our friends have been very gen- - these must not be forgotten. where the tender ministrations of the two erous this holiday season, and a great blesshuman angels brought an ating, for we have seldom had so many poor and sick among us who need our help. We mosphere of peace- - and encouragement. will dismiss our meeting early, - to permit They chided not, neither did "they judge.. They just loved and helped. ; you to begin your distributing this afterWhen they reached the widow in the row noon, and if there is any special case of houses built in a lane, want or distress call upon us for nurses of tiny tenement But the look of suthey were very tired. or wdiat may be needed. We will ask the flushed face of the sisters appointed for this block to take this preme gratitude on the woman on the scanty bed money to the widow in the row, for her brightened the tired faces of the visitors. medicine and doctor bills." hand .of women approached the When the money was laid in the Two lad who was his mothers only table and added the money to their other the youthful and attendant, there was a pean of help parcels. . homely gratitude to God and his ministerA benediction was spoken, then the dozen ing daughters uttered by both mother and women dispersed with cheery salutations, the little old ladies and the two block sisters took the heavy son. which transported that region where only the benevolent basket between them and turned down a into enter. k can slenBoth were side street. Could you put your hands upon my Both wore quaint and der and small. head before you go. and ask God to heal bonnets e upon English charming' me?" asked the sick woman. "It Beems their snowy locks with the infinite grace of like sisters prayers would reach heaven and you widows were Both ladies. English both had passed through three score and right quick." And the two visitors knelt and prayed ten years. with touching simplicity that those shining door, they cottage a at shabby Halting ones who had accompanied them filled the entered in response to an invitation from a whole room with their own divine radiance. childish voice, a small, but comparatively. Once more on the sidewalk, both flooded clean room. benediction of the grateful peace "Is your mother out today?" inquired with the had just quitted in the dingy room of they Mrs. Forsberry. row they spoke not for a few moments. the some clean to chance "Yes, she got a . can take Then. the said offices, and she thinks now she we trust, whom in know "We care of us all." woman. "How good He is to us younger soft the with who spoke The cripple child . , her tones, lifted all!" in South bod roundness, of the her murmured companion, "Yesr teacha thin hand to offer greetings to the . is over all!" as deposited shone they her while eyes ers, And then they parted, one to go to her table. the on filled with a half dozen parcels daughter's noisy mansion, all for to you "Mother is fcure grateful happiness of children and comfort, camefrom we since all us to your kindness to enter the tiny portal of her other the Florida. Allie, don't touch the things, Jim, where she dwelt alone with home, , chastened heart and, the angels. you better let those Btrings alone. own her children greedily as she But the two half starved And the one whispered to herself detore open some of the parcels entered the plate glass door of her daughfailed and K signed for Christmas stockings ter's home, content raisins, my haW and, mouths with "How good the Lord is to me. ; I havesurto willing and quite with present prosperity in the halls of plenty and peace, chil- home culifuture hearts and happy make this serious draft upon rounded by . loving s mild 1 ! r Jittle cripple uoa is uvti mill. nary possibilities.--ThSurely dreh." on fell she stood on the sag- fwfnfl suggestions for proper deportment Relief were. of her home, unfastening the hungry, heedless ears. .What to eachers' a rtdllock of her poor little doo murmur Society 1 have me yearning cavities in a .boy's anatomy! "How good the Lord is to the, withdrew As the two little ladies thldearquiet. And I have elder one said softly: V, -- which to bathe my tired spirit-batch a make good "I'll get my Emma to to those one for my crust and my bed. tnk'no ' hungry of bread and take over God is over all!" Surely of scraps those children." Did you see numhjL rrt 4 Yi 1 And the "divine ministering ' Christmas angels softly breathed upon the aged brows of both- toiling human angels, for God was indeed over them all!" - ' I, e ' . hope-giving"- ill-luc- 1 k white-soule- d fever-strick- white-haire- en d, white-haire- d, old-styl- the-confuse- one-room- . of-goodi- . e . ed TWENTY NINTH ANNIVERSARY. It is seldom in. the history -- of a woman's organization that the same officers all re- mam in so many rarp, The minutes of the meeting, of the 29th anniversary of the 12th ward Relief Society held July 11, 190S. President Julia Druce Commenced by singing "Guide presiding. Us Oh Thou Great Jehovah." Prayer F. B. Piatt. Singing "Oh Ye Mountains High." Minutes of last' annual meeting read and approved. Counselor Jemima Midgley gave an address of welcome to all present. Miss MiVs Doret Evans gave a piano selection. Clare Williams sang a. eqng entitled "Oh Love Divine." Mrs. Margaret Romney gave a brief account of her trip to Honolulu. Mra. Ethel Druce Leaver sang a solo. Mrs. Emma Derrick gave an interesting reading. The 12th ward quartette gave a selection. Miss Winnefred Tibbetts gave a1 select reading. An address on Relief Society work was . by-Bish- the minutes of the meeting of the organization of the .Society 29 years ago when the present officers were appointed and they have served ever since. Miss Elma Young then sang a song and Sister Bathsheba W. Smith addressed the meeting said she was present at the meeting when Joseph Smith' the Prophet organized the first Relief Society, March 17, 1842. She knew that he was inspired of God; she urged the young sisters to join this society; knew the sisters were blessed in doing their duty. She enjoyed working in the Temple, she spent the greater part of her time, in the Tpmnlfi. fihft also ehioved Relief Society work. Mrs. Xenia Druce Schroder gave a piano selection. Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells addressed the sisters; told of the benefits and blessings derived rrom the Relief Society work and the magnificent work in the Temples; explained the wide field of effort and endeavor for all women in modern times. President Richard Young, Doctor SeyH. B. Clawson, mour B. Young, A. Williams, each spoke encouraging words to the sisters and applauded their good works in the.past and the promising prospects for future labors. An announcement was made of'the Relief to Society excursion to Wandamere the day be the21st of July; 1908. Closing hymn cm lieneuiciiuxi, Loxology. . Midgley. G:30 p. m. to all at served was Supper occasion it present and a most delightful Ex-Bish- op Ex-Bishop-- T. was. . . Amelia Waumioi, Secretary. "The Pioneer Mother." Mrs. Irving Moul ton presided recently at a meeting in San Francisco, uaucu vj of aetatue Mighels, to consider the erection to the pioneer mother, not only of California, but of all lands. - Miss Margaret Smith.'B.A., is.a candidate Lng-lan- d for the iCity CouriaPof Birmingham, Women were made eligible last year. 