itmmeyt.i' music from 1 irruHttuuu .Stake. . bn , o..i:..f ui Avciici ouuiciy oince.rs ci trie ..i-.-i,.- - In the absence of President Sarah M. Colton, Counselor Nancy A. Colton .' pre-sid-d- b, - - .. - ward Johnson. ., :..,,.,::... Sister Susan Grant thouuM'cvery WbVd: she ha, been very rnch ed fed and .....vu 1U( t.u iu tircuur-, wujuik. age the sisters' in their Relief Societv work:she enumerated the. duties of the Relief Society bisters and spoke in particular of the teachers' duties, referred to Nauvoo, where, IJn.ii.toU.o.pnUatiiaivowaVlIiEli. v,.uw j .,iuui,,.,elsuiiOrant lVlirrvh-tr1- 'e ot I' G?eralren- , G!ine8 the first Relief Society was . also to organized, After the opening exercises, Counselor the of the Prophet Joseph martyrdom Nancy 'A. Colton welcomed the brethren Smith and-hibrother Hyrum, she had the and either-- , also reported the Stake in rood . . . privilege or seeing. them after the martyr- J 11.1 au Had uie wards been visited dom. Told of the early pioneers in Salt conuiuon, r f I'meilont T . flip l.ict- flimrfpr (iho n)sr cnr.U ioi- and the I'uii. v nciuciu I'laikt; auey. in 101 hardships they oaran ai. uoiton s illness.' had topass through. Lecture by Misa Almeda Perry, entitled Brother Don B. Colton thought all had "Cheerfulness." The lecture was very been paid for coming to conference, it made " abh handled. . his soul rejoice when he heard brethren and Violin solo by Miss Mabel HariSert, assistsisters bear their testimonies that knew the ed by Miss Hazel Johnson.. Prophet Joseph' Smith, he bore, his testiReport from Naples Relief Society by mony that he knew that Joseph Smith was Mrs. Annie Casper, a prophet of God. Spoke at eome length on Sister Susan Grant said she felt pleased prohibition, he eave statistics of the divor to meet the brethren and 'sisters in such a ces an of children who had been made beautiful building, had been "pleased with homeless through drink, the reports and also the lecture, she spoke at Patriarch Nelson Merkley thought we had some length on cheerfulness; she testified had a feast of good things ever since we of having the privilege of being acquuainted entered the house, said he wondered when with the Prophet Joseph Smith and what a Sister. Grant entered the Salt Lake valley if noble being he was, also testified of the she ever thought she would be called to work that he was an instrument in the visit the different Stakes of Zion. Snoke of hands of the Lord in bringing about. the inconvenience the sisters have in getting A chorus by some little girls from Maeser to meeting where they live in such a scatled by Mrs. Merrel Colton, entitled "The tered condition. Star Spangled Banner." Counselor Nancy A. Colton thanked Report hy Hannah Odekirk of Vernal all who had helped in our Confer- Relief Society. Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth ence. opoke oi the young sisters be spoke of the beautiful'scenery between here longing to the Relief Society, wer should and Salt Lake City, and what a pleasure teach our children that the Relief Society is she had in coming to visit us. Spoke of the mother of all other woman's organiza-th- e lecture on cheerfulness, of what the tiyns. Annual Conference adjourned for one year early settlers had to pass through, referred to the Mormon Bataliomand their sufferings after singing and benediction. Piikhe A. Merkley, Cor. Sec. for the Gospel's- sake. Said Romania B. Penrose has organized 26 branches, of the Relief Society in the British Mission the last year. She gave the number of members as about 35,QpO, and the number of bushels IN MEMORIAM. of grain as over 170,000. Mrs. Elizabeth Hill Maughan, wife of the late Mrs. Annie S. Bartlett felt to add her mite Bishop William II. Maughan, died at her home in and with the rest of her brethren sisters; Wellsville,x- - on October 3, 1908, after an illness of She referred to our yearly program. spoke about a yeaihShe was born Febrnary 14 1838, She immigrated to on cheerfulness, Word of Wisdom, tithing, in Upper Toronto, Canada.Wellsvile in 1850, where" and to came Utah in 1S52, "and obedience. all the endured She since. ever she has resided mother of Ceriference adjourned until 2 p. m. after hardships of pioneer life, she ten children,' nine of whom survive her,, six sons singing and benediction. r grandchildren Afternoon Session. After the usual open- - and three daughters, also ui2 exercises, sacrament was administered Then Sister while the choir sang a hymn. RESOLUTIONS OF KESFECT, Julia P. M. Farnsworth said Sister Bath.- Whereas our Father in heaven has in hisnfi- sheba . Smith wished to be remembered to all the sisters, and would like the sisters nite wisdom removed from among us our worthy to get the spirit of their work. ;S he epoke of intemperance, and of the evils that exist Jn the faithful discharge of her duty as a counsel- from the same such as homes being broken 0r in the Society makes it fitting that we record our wnereiore anDreciation. cip&q tnrnnfh up. Resolved that the wisdom and ability which she drink. Spoke of the education nowadays, exercised in our midst by service and counsel compared the privileges of today with those will be held in grateful remembrance. Resolved that we sincerely mourn her deparin former days, talked of the nurse clas3 in ture from us, but appreciate her .past faithful Salt Lake City, said in the last year they labors and know that she has gone to receive the had given 2,000 days nursing the sick for reward for labors well performed. "She held the , s 1 A I : I - 11 -- . -- . - . was-th- e fifty-fou- I 11-1- 1 X. I charitable purposes; position of first counselor to Sister Elizabeth Sal- Relief fcociety by i8burv for the period years in the vveiisviiie . Jensen Essay from : which Relief duty she performed m an Lydia Wall entitled "Social Duties in the energetic-an-Society, .manner and won the of-1- 8 llome.'V wbich was well rendered, bong from iNapIes by the Ulee UlUD, composea oi young girls. - Mary J. Hards reported Glines Relief Society, America M. Orser reported Jensen Relief Society. ; Phebe vHislop re- reported Maeser Relief Society m Tgood con- dition Recitation, by Mrs. Jean Merkley. In- - exemplary of hose with whom she associ- v ated in that capacity. on our resolutions we these , Resolved that place records presenM end one to the W oman s Exponent for pubhea d . . BIRTHDAY PARTY. the South Helief Society of the Wefit Weber Ward, North Weber Stake'' of Zion, gave a very pleasant urprio 'narty on their president Sister Sarah Hunter on her seventieth birthday, November 'J, ltH)S."': The party gathered at her home at lhCO p. m. and at 12 o'clock Fume thirty brethren and sisters were seated at a beautiful table spread with' the mo.n delicious 'bounties of life provided by the members of the Society. The afternoon was spent in singing, speaking by the brethren, comic reading?, "and phonograph music; after which supper was served before going home. The party was in every way a success and a merry day was spent; Emily Isaacs n. ' PORTLAND RELIEF SOCIETY. In the latter part of last July Sisters Km" ma Holling, President, and.adie M.. Pratt and Elsie A. Jorgensen, Counselors, of the Portland Relief Society tendered their resignations which were accepted by unanimous vote of the Branch. On the 20th. of July the Society was reorganized under the direction of the Portland Branch Presidency as follows: President Sadie M. Pratt, 1st Counselor Petrine 2nd Counselor Ada Nibley, Secretary Ida Day, Ass't Secretary Xemina Holling, Treasurer Agnes Nibley. These sisters were unanimqusly sustained by vote,' and they were set apart the same day for their labors. Since the reorganization was alTected there have been ten sisters called to act is teachers and are-- . doing a work which is astonishing in its results. The names of these teachers are: Ida Becker, Elsie A- - Jor-- . gensen, Millie Hardy, Helen Davenport, Janie White, Rose Palmer, Amelia Kimball,. Annie Hurl, Hilma Pratt, Annie C. Olsen. On' the first Monday in every month we hold an officers add teachers meeting to hear the reports of teachers, to counsel together and receive instruction. On the first Thursday in each month we have a testimony meeting which is preceded by a short lecture on "Mother's Work' On the second Thursday in each month we have a working meeting and on the third Thursday a meeting for lectures and questions on the Book of MorWes-tergar- mon. of members numWe have 39 with an average attendance of 14, bering and our meetings are often yery interesting. There are six subscribers to the " Woman's Exponent" among our members, and they prize the Journal very highly. Hoping you and the sisters at the head Vfill some times remember us. and that we. may, hear from you occasionally," we sub scribe o.urselves, A Sincerely and Respectfully Your Sisters in the Cause of Truth, ' Sadie M. Pratt, President, IdaxIXay, Secretary.' . ' . . - , . We have received recently neTrs of the passing away .of John W. Hutch inson of Lynn, Mass. , the last survivor Hntr.htnson familv of smeers. .whose TOicer were for so many years a power in behalf'of,- onffllavprv Tftrnnfirance.- j wrimari sufTra2eS: WUVl ' and other reforms; also of the deatn of aliss ; Mary F. Eastman, in past yearone of the most witty, logical and.efTective speakers in Massachusetts for woman,SufTrage. M w ; Sarah A. Parker. Pres.; Elizabeth Salisbury," Elizabeth Owens, Jerusha E. Jlaughan, Agnes Allan, Mary J. Parker, Sec. d, 