:..v ' , 7 . I. WOMAN'S EXFONENT. . , .. " X'XXXyJTXXXXX VO- "'XX . my trip here was not altogether for EM. AUIHT TQ and A- - WOMAN'S TESTIMONY. my friends wish-mto ' . o there's a poet who teH s in delectable Terse l ll il. ... ' can to Salina, Utah. me nave uji i.! uiey enjoy Of the thl nijvenkhUparUv U4.mLn.Qt be the myself. It rained most of the time for three "Seeing a piece in the Exponent thatasked worseto the fur tlie missing his list, running through the weeks, but. for arweeklfow the weather has for the names of anywha-lbe.Jongew iiole range been delightful. - Mrs. Garnettr-a-lad- y Relief will in sav I Nauvoo, that I be 4 Society OLpfeasuresand treasures of travels ind ctiange, met three years ago, took me to the Presi-di- a longed to that society. with a neat little rhyme of repining, To the other day. We went to the old Ihe first meeting I attended ' the prophet That w hatever we part with it can't be our din- -' fortress built on the point, where the waters. Vas present and talked to us. He-to- ld i"Sus -his me Ani do We were hot of thought' gave thought after inspiration -- .' .' indeed a grand sight, one never to be for- the poor but he wanted us to canvas every For the tribute we've gathered together to nav. gotten. It was the Golden Gate where the" house for there was"sin and false teaching To our dear guest of honor, with heart and with fleet will pass through. ' Thereis a beauti- - in our midst. "For this is a day of trial ... .... lip, In the viands we eat and the liquids we gip. .ful reservation of sixteen hundred acres; My and we shall be tried-- as gold is.tricd seven-t- imes in the fire." friend asked me how far I thought we had There was John C. Bennett and Law and walked. I told her about a hundred miles. Put not dining nor wining' is that I must choose, We kept seeing things that were only alrltle the Higbees and others all trying to lead the As the object we d miss most, if once we should . . lose,farther, you know. Another friend, a 'Mrs. youth away and we found it so. They of treasures of art, nor of gold, nor of gem, Eddy, took me to Golden Gate Park last were holding secret meetings in all parts of Its name in our hearts is just known as "Aunt . the city, saying.it was tho prophet's teach-ingsI enjoyed crossing the Bay, as I al . week. V Km." For who in the years that have passed o'er us all . J The gulls ways do, very much indeed. their vista in her Cannot When T think of being there in those days image recall? seem to have, multiplied wonderfully since Through scenes that have gladdened or saddened I cannot believe mjselL Brother Joseph, my last" visit. ; We took a car on the other V the days He side and went on California St. through part the prophet, was tried to the -- q'uickr Since, the valley first davned on the pioneers' of the earthquake district, aze We passed the taught us to look after the sick, and wanted all their and her place where once stood the elegant home of the poor looked after, 'and if they were able privation Through hardship ' hand Mrs. Stanford. The foundation remains to work; to give them work and pay them Was foremost to toil for the good of the land;' and some shrubbery and stone steps, that is for it, and not buy material and niake it up In the struggle for .woman's high honor a! way they -- were able to do the all.. It reminded me of a deserted cemetery; Her name as a beacon has lighted the, way. ". work themselves. He said the poor- we Man places we passed we saw tall chim And over the murk of the battle has hung neys standing, and the stone steps that once will always have with us and it was not our -- Framed-in led up to some, grand mans ion. As jve were business to know how they came to be poof. laurels of pen,. and andro tongue. on the cars wei only caught a glimpse of We" were" told to do our duties and we would And not only the pathway of note and renown what there was to see. But my friend be Llessed. He said it was no charity to do Her footsteps have trodden but better adown pointed out the places of interest and is a for those who could do for themselves. . We The still paths of sympathy sewn with sore hearts, good hand to .take charge of such a trip. were not to neglect the sick or any one in They have wandered, full oft giving balm to their . smarts. We went to the museum and conservatory. distress. While her word has met young aspiration's meek d The prophet was a man. I The lawns are; very beautiful, though only a voicing his voice in the hour of midfew months ago many refugees camped would know With hope, inspiration and meed of rejoicing; There are few of U3 here but have owed her some' there. No place in the park can ycu see the night. I was at the last public meeting ' off the grass." We that he ever pTeached and the rain poured measure, 'Keep sign unsightly Of hope, help or praise in our duty or pleasure. had lunch on the part called the children's down. He said if it rained pitchforks, tines Going hack to the ferry we downward he would preach; his enemies had playground. So I say in the lilt of the poet I borrow took another street. I do not think the said that he should never preach again, and wanted to make them false prophets. (And I hope, his dark shade may not brood here papers ever told a tenth as bad as it really he to sorrow, me won This meeting was held in a grove $ few days was, iorjnow, alter iwo years ana iL. At the poor imitation I make of his ditty) derful amount of work that has been. done, before his death. That I cannot conceive how our state or our city, I was one of the sick that the prophet Our banquet halls, offices, homes or the street-Co- uld it looks dreadful. And I have ; heard more ever seem quite to our senses complete. of that terrible calamity than I ever saw in visited on the banks of the river. Could we not on the cheering reflection rely. I was one of the women in the battle of f course I had to go to the That somewhere or other Aunt Ein we. should the naDers. ' Cliff house (or where it used to be) and Nauvoo. I passed through many scenes,-anV, spy! . still I am here for a wise purpose," And since, as we know, she ir barely nineteen, take a fond look at the ocean. Dear Sister For years yet to come she will jiKve in the took me over to Oakland to church hope. I want to do all the good I can arid Sumner ' scene as little harm as possible. once arid to Relief Society once. Considerthe out chalked Three d years having I was born in Pennsylvania Sept. 5th, ' ing the members of the society, there was a day" 1822; Married to Levi Nickersen May 10th, f us she longer might better attendance than aftbe general meether( birth; 1840, in Nauvoo. Came to Utah in 1850. ing., There was a Mrs. Douglas at the socifay. . In 1852 my husband was called on a mis- ety meeting. She is a member of the renis name was ovenooKea. ne went So here's to Aunt Em with the hearts of the organized church, and 1 imagine a very sion. Club one too. She called us sisters and to the president's office aud wa3 told if the prominent In the liquid we drink when our glasses we rub. we are united boys who went with the mail were going, he till not be will it thinks long almanac s increase, and the May the bore a strong testimony Jo (my husband) could go, but he could not She them. with 1 keep go alone. On the first of November they A trick up its sleevethat old Time may not reap the Inission of Joseph Bmith and the Bpok, started with twenty ponies. Her life with its scythe, till he reaches the end of Mormon, and rejoices that the Smiths m she Of hi3 flight-a- nd When of the all ay in they arrived at Sweet Water a blizyears ' have come to their own. She is thankful scattered their ponies. The spend' that Joseph F. is at the head. I also bore zard came andfor May the Lord hold her fast in a loving caress their ponies and found to the great work and to the men hunted As we do that's one meaning, you know, of the testimony my " three..During the hunt mr the ponies one "Press." wise leaders, the Church has always had. of the men got lost. The others hunted for JOSEr.N'IXE SrEXCEK, f Considering everything, the society i3 doing' 'were unsuccessful, as they were eo , as well as we could expect. Well I shall him, but (republished from Feb. 1907). frozen themselves that they moved on. have to stop sometime, and it might a3 well badly When they reached the Bluff theiHeet were be now. Give my love to Sister Smith and so badly frozen that the bones were scraped. the members of the board who are with you. My husband was unable to travel, so he worked in a wagon shop. On December 15, Yours with much love, LETTER FROM CALIFORNIA. Tie S ahaii Jenxe Cannon. - 1853, he was found dead in the shop. was born in Pennsylvania, 1814. . Feb. 19, 1908. I remain as ever faithful and true tothis ' P. S. I am ashamed of this letter, but 11 ells: My Dear Aunt Em the neighbors on each side of me are1 play- work and to this people. L sincerely! know and if I wait it it is true, and bear witness to the sanle. If vou have had time to think of me at all ing on different instruments May I ever prove faithful, is my prayer. to be better. you have probably .wondered why. I have is not likely Matiy Ann Nickerson. Jexxe. As you not written according to promise. Eigni-seein- .c-uuu- gr e t YJiTt pleieWi2h ' ig - ' - : ; . - i d - ' -- -'- v-- v -- ; " - , -- - to-da- .: y, the-Paeifie-an- -- only-to-loo- k , . ' ' - . . - - : . - . " . . - - . for-themr- -if -- '. of-dee- d " . . T . noble-minde- " 4 ,. . L.I d I - keen-witte- that-amon- g - . . T - . leap-year- ; . - . . . - " ,- -- - 