WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "0 Elder George F. Richards had beep very The program consisted of an eloquent in dress of, welcome read by Assistant Secret interested in the reports, and especially wood for the poor. The questions tary Lillian Belnap. remarks by. Bishop D. providing been asked have a tendency to Jane S. Richards; Stake PresiH. our lives, and see if we are dent of Relief Society, and President C F. hiake us review the-laof the gospel, if we Middleton of the Presidency, interspersed living up to have the favor of the Lord we must keep his with musical numbers. t . One of the most interesting parts 6f the commandments; suggested thf the several of the Relief Society be in a posiprogram was the presentation to each of the presidents What portion of the officers retiring officers of a beautiful rocking chair tion to know These keep the word of wisdom. from the Relief Society members. if a mother Elder Francis M. Lyman-sai.honored guests each made a response exwill have her tea pressing their appreciation of the sentiment has her tea the daughter which had prompted the tribute paid them when she. becomes a mother; we can as well cultivate the' habit of drinking water as tea. on this occasion. ' we have of Dainty refreshments, were served during Do not neglect the opportunities the time of sociability that followed, and all doing good to our neighbors and families. Sister Adeline Smith was set apart as first departed feeling that the evening would be counselor to President .Robison,. by Elder long held in happy remembrance. Francis M. Lyman. One of the. Party. Closed by singing "We Thank Thee 0 God Benediction by. Elder for a Prophet" etc. ad- " -- tfiat-Jiav- e r-nsi- ws; . d . the Lord.-a- e., shoma:tfc; v ' flight .iS'trfe1 Our faces should be set against r ..: .. Sister Mary Ann, Winters of Salt Lake" world. crirae.T...:l: City, was pleased with the silent testimony of this beautiful building. . Rejoiced in the blessings of this kingdom, of which she had received a- full share. She knew that this was the true Church And that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God. Sister Winters said she had attended the firt meeting of young people held in rsauvoo, $nd, was thankful, she . had lived to see the sisters organized in these various associations. Urged the sisters to' throw their arms of protection around the.children. Remind them of their birthday when it is time for ' them to be baptized. Meeting closed by singing and prayer. Conference adjourned unti) 2 o'clock. - " Alonzo A. Hinckley.- R. S. REPORTS. MJLjLARD STAKE. - Conference continued in an evening session with much good instruction from the ' ' r sisters. " ' Minutes of Relief Society Conference of Millard Stake, held in the Holden meeting house, January 31st,' 1908. President IsaConference bella E. Robison presiding. opened with the usual exercises. , President Isabella E. Robison was pleased to have the brethren with us, hoped we would be paid for coming out in the storm to attend the conference. Elder Francis M.t Lyman said, he would like to hear in the reports how we stand in regard to the word of wisdom, we realize how influential the mothers are in the family, and that they hsve a great responsibility, try and live so we can say to our children, you are as good as your mother, we want a generation who will not drink tea and coffee, who will not drink liquor; who will not use tobacco. President Isabella E. Ro.bison said herself and counselors had not visited the stake recently, but had their welfare at heart." The officers as a rule are keeping the word of wisdom. Most of the property belonging to the Relief Society was in real estate, there is some wheat stored. President Emma Watts of Kanosh said sne was Keeping uie woru oi wisuuiu. attending meetings and prayers and trying to live her religion, the society is still working for the sick and helping those who are in ' ; need. '; Sister Annie Anderson of Oak City reported in the absence of the President who was ill, thought the majority of the sisters were, trying to keep the word of wisdom. President Mary A, Stephenson of Holden said she was keeping the word of wisdom, attended to prayer, paid her tithirig.and taught her children these principles. The officers of the Relief Society, are trying to keep the word of wisdom, were looking after the sick and poor, have furnished wood for the aged and poor. Sister Adeline Smith, reported" Fillmore Society in a good condition, it has a good president who is looking "after the poor,; preparing the dead for burial, and doing what she can for the advancement of the Society. V--- : . - . R. K. .. ' Marinda Bennet, Secretary. ALPINE STAKE. h . , - ' All-re- e The twenty-nintquarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake was held in the Lehi" Tabernacle, April 17th, 1908. President Rebecca Stafndring presiding. Meeting opened at 10' o'clock with'the usual exercises. President Standring, who had recently been through a very severe sickness was very thankful to meet her brethren and sisters in conference ag?fin. Was grateful for the faith which had 'been exercised in her behalf, The Lord had raised her up. Was thankful that she had been spared yet a, little while longer to fulfil the purposes of the Lord. Spoke earnestly on the principle of prohibition, and urged the sisters to. uphold,, the hands of the brethren in carrying nut this principle, which would be a blessing to all the community.The reports from the wards given by the The sisters are presidents were excellent. aliveto their duties, teachers- are up and doing, the lessons on faith are appreciated very much and the sisters report a fuller attendance on the day the lesson is given. Wheat is in good condition and our amusement .committee are doing a good work; and we are visiting the poor and lonely and those who live at a distance," for we carry substantial comforts as well as the spirit oi the gospel to cheer and, comfort them. Song, "Dear heart we're growing bid," Sisters Clarke and Whitmer of Lehi. President Abel J. Evans congratulated the Society. "Our missionaries give wonderful testimonies of the work jn their different fields of labor, and it is a theme of rejoicing. There is a great work for His to do in- leaching and instructing our children. It requires a strenuous effort on tbe part of parents to institute a watch over their boys," he was in full favor of prohibition and is devoted to the cause of temperance; "it belongs to us in following out the commandments of . Afternoon Session 2 o'clock. President Standring presiding. After the opening exercises, four of the local presidents reported their wards as doing well, and advancing in the principles of the gospel and doing all .' the good they. could. Sister Kate Allred of Lehi 2nd Ward gave the lesson on faith in Jesus Christ from the d Stake plan, followed by Sisters-Katand Josephine Brown with references on" the same subject, and testified to the benefit that these .lessons are to those who study them. Song, - , .... "I know (hat my Redeemer lives' Lehi 4th Ward R. S. President Stephen L. Chipman had enjoyed the report's and also the singing. We can enjoy the Spirit of the Lord as much from such beautiful singing as when listening to reports or instruction. Faith is stronger than sight is proven by Jesus reply to Thomas when He said "Blessed are those who see and believe, but more blessed are" ' ' those who believe and 6ee not ' ' Bishop Hindley of American Fork was pleassd that the sisters were taking up the study of the Life of Christ. "7 There is so" much to learn of His life, and the more we know of it the more we feel as though we want to live a better life. Referred to in- stances where God's voice was heard to reHow thankful cognize Jesus as His Son. we should be that God visited this continent and introduced His Son to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Many of our parents heard the voice of the Good Shepherd in a foreign land, and were converted to the gospel at its first sound. T sometimes think we brethren do not appreciate our mothers and our wives as much as we should. Let us .show our appreciation of them while they are still living, and not wait until they are 'dead and gone. Scatter flowers of kind . words and actions while they are still with ' ': us. Bishop Gardner of Lehi spoke of the capability of the .Relief Society to perform the duties. The spirit of the gospel is what makes us what we are, us joy and peace. We all have our failings, arid it is our duty to learn as much as possible to overcome them. The Lord has revealed this principle .of temperance and prohibition years ago to our Prophet. - It is the young mothers that should come to these meetings and learn how ta take care of their children. Prayed God to bless us and enable lis to do our . duty. - Benediction Utah. by President Standring. Conference adjourned for three months. We aim to give you - ; . -- - - it-giv- THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake Gity, WE. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE andlolicit your patronage. aa uiuuu as pussiuie ur your, money, TRY S Q s . . Emma Featiiekstone, ' Secretary, . 