Quietly and"peaceful;.on December 27; Ogden City Relief Society.- -, Next we find towns and villages and castles,many old and 10 a. ra , the spirit of Sister Har-rie- t her president of the 1907, same, working with the ruined, built in times of long 'ago,-- , having Ganfield Broivajpjafcits- flight across the vjme diligence, to perform her part in, the each aiegend weird, romantic and mysterf hadowy.nver to the iiiCcharity to which her whole ious.: Many castles are'hut.v CU'iiw - It" was such a. as was soul just passing away ninnacle of a mountain, in tlm mnsr in Ac responded.: emblematic of her life, calm peaceful, cessible positions to enable them to with How tender she was at the couch of pain, matter how heavy her cross, "God stand, long sieges from hostile and' preda Iow willing her sisters to bless, " willed it so,'.' and that satisfied her trusting d The poor felt her liberal hand in. theirs, tory neighbors.., - They .are'huge piles of soul.' Bravely she bore her load and accomHer works were of righteousness. towers. and solid masonry. which seem Her counsels her. were thence with Jrom mission, wisdom, fraught to bid defiance to time and all men. They-ar- e passing plished Her teachings were full of love, j : death now her ju-emacnifictntl erim arid erand Manv are jmtoJife.Josed l eyes, Her example will bear fruition ."V ; hushed is her voicef her form will no more a in complete state of ruin, through the deThat will follow her above. be seen in our midst, but she has left upon I structive invasion of the French. Some are our souls the impress of her nobility of charIn 1871, by her own request, with deep inhabited in the safest parts aud" all' are in- tineas-otfnpplv infprrRl incr .ha lnnrlmnrta iri h"his. acter, her lof f regret, she was permitted toresign her posipurpose and her un. tion as president, and Sistej Jane S. Rich-ard- s tory of a people long since dead. The view .. swerving trust in God. succeeded her, retaining Sister Hattie, is all too fleeting, sailing down on the bosom JIow nobly, how bravely she toiled, . as she was lovingly called, as her first of the lovely river. One desires to stop and How well her work is done; counselor, which position she honorably and ramble through the deserted halls and ban Her life, its labors seemed all complete, Ere the setting of life's sun. faithfully filled until called from us by quet rooms and revel in imagination of the. 'death. In 1877- - the work was largely gay and beautiful women and heroickniehts Sister Harriet Brown was born March 0, by separate branches being organized who once trod in pride these wondrous strucat where N. life her Y., Ossion, 1834, in each ward of Ogden and Weber Co., and tures. Kencwned towns ani villages came early As of child a she a was was.spent. gentle, the complete organization of the Relief in view at nearly every turn of the frequently loving,:.modestLand retiring disposition, and Society of the Weber Stake being effected, bending river, Which has been the birthplace , the same qualities- remained with her, vet although frail in hnrlv sho ThihitP1 f hp of some never to be forgotten person or ex- ' nlnitfl nf snmp nnripnt. wnrfhipfi. Thp same zeal, energy and faithfulness that althroughout her entire life and distinguished "- " rivpr her s a choice and noble spirit, yet withal ways characterized her labors and still her personality was such that evil would be proved herself the wise counselor and val of high mountains, precipitous rocks and She was always ued friend, and when through affliction she rolling hills, for 730 miles down to the North abashed in her presence. of aTitudious" natureand loved books "far was no longer able to meet with us, her sea. The middle "section for a" little "over better than childish sports. Her parents demessages of love were as benedictions to the one hundred miles from Frankfort to Cologne has the most rugged and mountainous scensisters. siring to give her. thai, which her whole nat i i i of mountains ture craved, sent her to the Alfred Academy, AitnougD sne snranK trom anytning or a ery. Many of the steep sides N. Y., from" which" she graduated in July, Irubl icTna t u re , yet "she'd revT a rou nd her the 1S54. Prior to this she had taught school.;, good and pure, both old and young, and their very tops. They have to be terraced The days SDent in this academy must her beautiful life has been an inspiration to before planting.. The breaking up of .this have been very happy ones as evinced by her all with whom she came in contact. To ground has all to be done by hand, for no abidingTove for her Alma Mater, for she know' her was to love her. and they who animal nr tilnw rniilrl wnrW rn flip Rtppn ever kept in close , touch jwith that instituplaces. This utilization of this kind of knew her best loved her most." " ' tion In her death we are all bereaved, but ground could not be carried on in Utah. But not alone, in the satisfaction exper- what must it mean in the quiet home over where every vine has to have a streamlet of ienced through the realization of her fondest which with such queenly grace and dignity water to it, or it will wither up and die. In a?pirations, was her great happiness found. she cresided so long: there, as with us her Uhineland every year- is not a fruitful one on The Gospel had been preached in that vicinplace is vacant, She has passed the bourne account of drouth. A fruitful vintage is One. only once in a while. They say the grapes ity, and she, with others of her dear ones from whence no traveler ever returns. had received the glad message. Thus was can onlr nrav that with their bereavement are not pleasant tn eat, only good for(wine. her soul expanding.and drinking to its full mav come its accompanying ,balm and that We thought that we would' like to taste the She was baptized the sweet influence of the holy spirit renowned Rhine wine. I had about two est of the waters of life. island June 17, 1851, thus linking her life with may brood over the home hallowed by the tablespoonfuls poured into my of those of the Latter-daSaints; After grad- noble dead who have passed its portal in tasted ugh flat vinegar. good vinegar, water andsugar, like my uating sHe' went to Kentucky where she their flight to the realms of glory. At her funeral as in her life there was no mother oftengave usrih summer time with taught school for several monthsr but, as is our lunch, warnuch more to my taste. Perusual with the true saint, the spirit of gathgrand display or demonstration; heads were haps my taste is uncuTtiyated, but they can ering manifested itself and she traveled to bowed, tread was muffled, voices subdued have their wine if they like it. This reminds Council Bluffs, teaching school at that place and softened. All were.awed by the passing At the me of another difference in taste. of a great soul. And when in that silent aunng tne winter ot looo. n was nwe met and loved a man of God, and, they two, city of the dead, her body was lowered into, table where we sampled bur wine, sat a fine On a plate old German and his daughter. : whose lives were consecrated to the same mother earth, there, was some slices of moist, very black t T i high and holy purpose, were united in mar of scene life in viewed death. that "Then faith uerman Dr3aa. msisieal 1 tasie ine rye 1856: winter's the breeze in breath, Felt summer's riage, April 13, this bread, saying it was the finest . in the Then followed the journey across the Knew the seed in Aveakness sown that hour, I did, and thought I had taken a world rise in glory and power, plains, with all its attending hardships, test- Hereafterjwould quid of tobacco, it looked, smelled-an- d Changing earth for heaven's high sphere, ing the faith and endurance of every Saint Time's brief day for Eternity's year." tasted like it, although 1. do not believe I who gathered to Zion in those early days,. - t, 7 ever tasted tobacco. : Becraft. Nellie F. engaged-twas husband her in Arriving Ogden, To describe at any length the scenes, teach school, in which vocation she soon In behalf of the officers and members of towns, castles, ruins and bridges noted and joined, continuing in the same" until 1870, the Weber Stake II. S.. renowned, places of history and interest, as when poor health compelled her resignation. one passes them sailing down the river, Three children came to bless their unionj would make the article entirely too long. of whom all and Harriet Annis, C, So a short notice arid a legend attached will with a faithful and devoted sister, and other be all that can be done. We left Frankfort FLOATING DOWN THE RHINE. rn Vvr. v.rt tn rr UtV 'ro p f f t ft cherish on the Main and took a train to Biebrech, a the memory of their honored and sainted small town where we were to take the boat, The Rhine, the Rhine, the beautiful Rhine. dead. . There were two trams leaving about the Sister Harriet Canfield Brown early idensame time to this village, one going into it Lane, Durham 295, tified herself with the Relief Society, where Edge House, . and the other going on down to the wharf. her very efficient labors soon brought her England. Liverpool, Of course we took the wrong one, so .we had into the front ranks; this, indeed, was work to walk, or trot, as we had not much time February 1908. in full accord with her loving, sympathetic to correct our mistake, and catch the boat. : The broad, deep, placid, blue river of rodisposition. . of most enchanting scenery, But the walk of little over a mile was iouo, mance and on either side After the return from tne soutn are dotted with through a fine park in which was a pretty The shores - in the lor she was chosen it gt - tran-quiLN- .id ' ihest ' o ; . ; ' tur-rete- ' . -- - . i X . m . t . A-poon- ful y . 1 ' rTM I ; o . jIsrael 1 - , . ' . . second-counse- i 