5! Sister Tilda. Neilson Petersen gave ant Grove, and President Christina. Face," War-- ; nick reported Manila both doing well, pros pering and united, love the worn, enjoy tne selcr Villiam Francis of the Stake Presilessons and also the little Gems from the.B's. dency made a Arm Fry gave us r Sister Sina' Chapman felt to rejoice in this anthem, after of a short talk, referred to the noble life meeting.' Some think they cannot speak or Counselor Mary pinfr.hntwe know that our sisters are equal Sister Jane S. Richards. . .1 : .1 . 40 at ha ,,r r n a i i ui i . ii ih rnwin t rt iiui 1.1. ut.ri t t it. . . rt . 1. TTfl ..1 ,1 ii our wons, vviieie wuuju hc and localKelief Society officers, which were nieasea wua sustained by vote. have been had not the Prophet Joseph been Pwich all advised to. President Lydia inspired to organize the women? The Lord. ter. ivork-betwill It' Pvelief Society recognizegthesewomen.: of young missionaries, male and "femake good women better. "There is too in male now out in the world, taught by their much of- the spirit of pleasure-seekinWe should avoid extremes. mothers. Riches cannot change us, the our day. Benediction by Brother John Rich. Spirit of God guides us, and the Lord blesses for six months. flrlimimpd nnnfprpnpp m'vwjwww-His daughters even in our administration - W lil v i Annie Clarry Sec'y. rto ourtick children. Prayed that the Lordwould continually bless our labors ana nis ALPINE. Spirit guide us. Closed with singing and benediction. The quarterly conference of the Relief A nice lunch was" prepared and served by Society of Alpine Stake was held at American Fork, January 17th, 1908. President the committee dqring the noon intermission, and was partaken of by over 20Q. guests, Rebecca Standring presiding. Meeting opened at 10 o'clock by singing who all agreed that it was much better than and prayer as usual. Roll call, with a good going out to dinner. It was also a good response from stake and local officers. Min- time for old friends to see each other. . Af teriioon session: Conference reassemutes read, etc. President Standring was pleased to meet bled at 2 p. m., President Standring prethe sisters in conference, and hoped that siding.- Meeting commenced by singing, prayer, etc. The four wards of Lehi were reported by New Year to us. "There has been much sickness amongst us during this winter, the presidents, also Alpine reported by mahy have been bereaved of their loved President Sarah Marsh. All gave encour'They are united and trying ones, but the Lord knows best, and we aging reports. should asknowledge His hand in all our cir- to do their duty, holding good meetings G6d is watching our labors, with an increased attendance. All have cumstances. and He will reward us as we deserve." De- good granaries and are trying to fill them. sired His blessings to rest upon us this day. Are trying to serve the Lord and are thankThe four wards of American Fork were ful for the blessings He bestows upon them. The Song, "The Daughters of Zion are Friends reported by the different presidents. reports were encouraging. A noble band of of the Poor," American Fork, third ward. A short history of the Relief Society of sisters always on hand to do what is The rich and poor and lonely are Alpine Stake from 1901. when it was first The organized to the present, was read by Stake visited and their wants supplied; ''Mothers lessons" on faith are doing a good Counselor Annie C Hindley. Song by the first ward Primary officers, entitled, "A work, just what is needed. Song, "Count Your Blessings," American Prayer." President Stephen L. Chipman had been Fork,, first ward President James H. Clarke spoke of the satisfied with the reports given of the wards, progress being made by the'sisters and the they had been very good. We should alwisdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith in or- ways report all that is. good, and keep our ganizing the Society. Only a few years ago criticisms to ourselves. Admired the sing if. wan considered indelicate for a woman to ing. - We should all sing who can and all speak before the public, now the women of say Amen ta the prayer. No one asks for the world are pushing to bring themselves a position in the Church, the nominations Think of the few people come from the head, and. then it is put beinto recognition. fore the body for approval. Spoke of tithwho accepted these principles in the beginAfter the head authorities, the ning, and see what has been accomplished ing. in a short time. This has not been accom- bishops are required to look over the names payers. Those who earn plished by the wisdom of the world, but by of the n conis work this to the power of God; and nothing are not expected to pay tithing, to be taken never tinue to the end. away neither are. missionaries. The good plan nor givento another people. Many leading would be foreach sister to keep a little book men had", to be ' cut off from the Church in and enter all her small earnings so that she early days. We cannot estimate the im- can refer to that and know how much tithportance of our children growing up' imbued ing she owes the Church. Spoke of ex- -' with the principles of the Gospel. Every travagance in families. ' It looks like we member of the Church should be those who might have close times, and people should can be depended upon,; and we, should be be careful and live within their income. proud of our' association with this people. Now is a good time to curtail our expenses', We have not commenced to see the expan. to be economical in our living and dress. sion of this work. Spoke of funerals, thought those of children President Louisa Halliday reported Pleas- - might be held at home. Let us be con- .... : 1 MI 11 n . w I 1 1 111 1 L 1 A. 1 1 & . 1 sup-'po- rt -- See-the-:noble-- band g - V - sma -- ; - . 1 ed. I on-tith- e -- . . R. K. - THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, " -- which-SisTe- 71 Main St., Salt LakefGity, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE aQd' eolicit We aim to give you your patronage. as much as possible for your money. TD V I IO sisteht." listers, stand together and do not let aentence escapo your lips before your children that would be detrimental to the hrpfhren and eisters who are over ns Prayed, the Lord to bless our labors. Warren B Smith ' gave a ; Bishop of advice to the sisters on "retrench- mont in our households. We should re- strain our children from the evils trial" are around us. They should go to meeting an.l learn their duty and. curtail their amuse ments. .Frayedjhat we be dictated by the Spirit of the Lord. A vote of thanks "was tendered to the committee who had worked eo hard to make things pleasant fox the sisters. After singing and prayer conference adfew-word- s I 1 - ( journed JorJhree months. Emma. - Feather stone, NOTES AND NEWS. Sec'y- - . A Congressional hearing on the petition for a Sixteenth Amendment forbidding disfranchisement on account of sex will take place at Washington on March 3rd. A reception to the presidents of theState Suffrage Associations visiting Washington at the time will be given at the Shoreham the evening before. A meeting of the National Business Committee will follow the hearing. It will be held at the Rev. Anna H. Shaw's home in Moylan, Pa. Mrs. Millicent Garrett Fawcett writes from London that she thinks the statement that the Primrose League passed a strong resolution in favor of woman suffrage is an She says: "The National Union of error. Conservative Associations passed a woman suffrage resolution at Birmingham, but this is not the Primrose League.'' A report that Leaguehad done so was circulated in the American press and copied in bur columns. Apparently it was prema.ure. The engagement is announced of Nora Stanton Blatch, granddaughter of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and daughter of Mrs. Harriet Stanton Blatch, to Dr.jLee De Forest, the inventor. Miss Blatch graduated from the civil engineering coursef at Cornell in 1905, at the age of 21. She was the first woman She to' enter that department at Cornell. distinguished herself during her junior year while in camp doing field work by swimming across Lake Seneca, a distance of a mile, and a few. days later by swimming across Cayuga Lake at its widest part. She graduated among.the first five in a class of seventy-five- , and was elected to the honor society, Sigma Psi. the-Primros- - e Of a distinguished educator who objects to the. predominence of women in the teaching profession, an acute woman makes this "At on time this man's' judgcriticism: ment on educational matters was worth something; but he has been in educational work so long, has studied the petty details of his work so constantly, and has become so narrowed by the prejudices of his calling and by continually dealing with the smaller things of life, that his judgment is of very little value at present." There is something well worth thinking"over in the point of that criticism. ; The teaching profession, with its excessive demands for concentration upon small things arid its necessity for constant adaptation to the needs of immature minds, has so strong a tendency to weaken the powers cf generalization 4 that educators should never cease to guard themselves against this debilitating influence. The Public. - 