WOMAN'S EXPONENT: hfe.ai a teacher; Politically she was an ardent 'fi?$9crat .and served ttfqjterrns as Recorder .of O&xinty from January I,'18tf to rfdarV 1901: IN MEMO RI AM. - .' , ' . I 1 . She w aa the mother of nine children,- and four girls. fa iv.ia Y.nu jeeimR?rWiOafiQ sorrow am grief that 'we, the officers arid members "of ihft Hplipf SnrtVtv trio WpIipt SfoW f Zion. pxnre.cs nnr Vipnrtfplt avrnTintli v an1 extend words of condolence to those whom we love, honor and revere; those who, in the e decree of an Father, have been called upon to part, for a briefeason wjth one five boy a One daughter died while quite - young, and her beautiful daughter Eva," grown to womanhood and married to Alma Greenwood, died at tfce birth of her first child. Her husband died at Fillmore, May 8, 1893. With all her cares ehe devoted much of her time and talents to Church work, being acharter - .. all-wis- member of the first Kelief Society organized in Fillmore, May 7. 1808; and was chosen a teacher at the first meeting. Un January 25th, 1870, the ladies of Fllmore held a mass meeting to express their indignation in regard to the Cullom bill Delila 'Was among 1 most truly beloved. , Sister Louie ShurtlifT Smith was one in whom phone all the virtues known to' hum- anity. Queen like, regal in her mien, yet withal so gentle, just and kljad; her innate ieTn?v Sirft7n , beauty showed the exquisite touches of the bhe was as the sunbeam Ward Relief Society, Caroline Collister was nomi- - piasters hand, il nated president and Delila Olson first counselor. nreaKing. tnrougn tne cJouug. iier pure, While holding this position she assisted in emichaste life was ever ah inspiration. grating the poor Saints from Europe by donating As a daughter ehe was all that the name of her means for. that purpose. She advocated all that a daughter could be. As a assisting the children of the poor to obtain means implies, for an education by providing books, shoes. or sister, loving, beloved and revered. A wife, anything that it was possible tor the society to do the belnmeet. comnanion and counselor of for them. She continued in this position until the Ker husband. A mother, tender, true, wise, of the I lllmore 1877. October ; ' v-n- j:- - 7" . WW , ' DELILA KING OLSEN. IN MEMORIAM. DELILA KINO OLSEN. Delila King Olsen, the only daughter of Matilda Robison and Thomas R. King was born July at Sylvania tenth, eighteen hundred and forty-on- e Lucas county, Ohio. At the time of her birth, her parents and other near relatives were moving from the State of New York, to Nauvoo, Illinois. Her uncle, Joseph Robkon was driving the team. They halted, only a few hours after Deli-la- 's "birth, and then continued their journey. They resided in Nanvoo at; the timeof the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smjthiindhis brother Hyrum, and the persecution of the Saints following that sad event, and went with the people when they were driven out in the year 1846, to Winter Quarters living there that winter. Then moved to the southern part of Iowa where they remained for the succedmg four years. In 1851 the King family crossed the plains to Utah, moving directly to Fillmore, being among them to build a fort to protect them from the for ten Indians. They lived in this fort years. As soon as the people began to accumulate a little property, they felt the necessity of navmg their children have a better education than could . be obtained in a small country village at that time, so they sent Delila to Salt Lake City to attend school, where she was a student in Professor Mouseley's high school in the Sixteenth Ward. In her fourteenth year she taught her first school in Holden, in Millard Co.. David R. and Edward Stevens, now prominent men of that place, being among her pupils. She afterwards tnnoht crhni at TTiiimnrp and Kanoshfor sev eral ears. The advancment along educational lines, of her own family and the children in the community in which she resided',being one of her greatest desires. Owing to her intelligenee and attractiveness she was always surrounded by friends and admirers. that was her influence . among her associates Such .... t lriA it tnere was to oe a party or sociaur ji auj jwuiu, it must be of the best kind for Delila King was point She was an ideal daughter oh whom her parents : J 3 onrl R InVfthlft I . ; . 1UUKKU sister. !- .'iU Wlliii-pilU- C nAmiratinn auu auiuiiuviuu) - ' ' " ' She' was married at Fillmore, December 14. viol1861, to Geo. Daniel Olson, one of the best a"bmet a also inists of the territory at that time, maker of the firm of Foster and Midgfey of Salt Lake City. ; iwo years They resided in Bait L.ate uity aDoui ii husband her where to Fillmore moved then fhp nnhinpt maker's trade. The. two con tributed much to the social enjoyment of the coma munity in-- which they lived. She had gained ' her of a great part liberal education and spent fol-irtw- dividing 28, Ward, when she was chosen and set apart to be p res i dent of the Second Ward Relief Society. ' The Relief Society of the Millard Stake of Zion was organized January 18, 1879. Relinda M. Pratt was chosen president and Delila Olson first coun selor. and secretary.: She was released from being president of the Second Ward Fillmore Relief . .Society on March Cth, 1879 As a competent president for the Stake Primary Association was wanted at its organiza tion she was released from being counselor in the Stake Relief Socfety in May, 1883, and chosen president of the Stake Primary Association which office he filled with credit until her removal to Salt Lake City in November, 1902. She continued to .hold the position of Secretary for the Stake Relief Society until November, (jpfli To parents, brothers, husband and little ones we feel to say: Whereas our Father, in His wisdom and love, has called her noble spirit home to labor in a ,mpre exalted sphere, may you be able to bow in humble submission to His divine will. And we earnestly pray that on each aching heart may be poured a healing balm, even the comforting influence of the Holy Spirit, thai, you may even now see the silver lining to the cloud which overshadows you and be aoie to say .gave ana me Lora Hord." 0 loved ones, with thy bruised and bleeding hearts, : x .t t l 1 r nave Been it me niefBenger,wiiu cauae uouiu si inou In. shining robes, direct from Father's throne, . 1 Ilad'st heard the thrilling voice call Louie'! name, -- Thou wouldst have said, if thou hadst under- -' "It is stood, the Lord, do Thou-a- seemeth'good." But veiled by denee mortality, thine eyes Beheld not, through the bitter, blinding tears; The same dense clay permitted not the sound Of aneel voice to penetrate thine ears; Not tear nor sob prevented: laws abound That man mnet walk bv faith, ' not sijzht nor -sound. . , ine Lora hath taken away; blessed be the name of the 1902. She assisted in drafting resolutions for the first Retrenchment Association organized in Fillmore which was afterwards changed to "Young Ladfes' Mutual Improvement Association and was Pres ident for many years. Was also president of the Fillmore Ward Primary Association, from its or ganization August 10, 1880, until released with honor October 26, 1882. was a Sunday School teacher all her life long. She was a kind , and affectionate wife: a true helpmeet, a loving and careful mother, trying at all times to instil the principles of true man and womanhood in the hearts of. her children and never ceasing in advocating the principles of the. Gospel of Jesus- Christ, both by precept ana ex ample. A true friend, alwaj's speaking the best of every one, and never allowing her lips to speak evil of anv one: never looking for faults, but find ing the true in those with whom she associated. Her home was always open for every one to find the welcoming hand of hospitality extended to them. She descended from good old New England ancestors, some of whom emigrated from Holland, and some from England, with the object of finding a place where they could have freedom of conscience. They were among those who American for independence. Delila was fought true and, patriotic, a sincere disciple staunch, B. of Susan Anthony an ardent suffragist. She died January 5, 1907, and her remains were interred in the cemetery at Fillmore by the side Daniel Olsen. At the funeral services the speakers were Judge J6shua Greenwood, Judge William A. King, a nephew of the. deceased, Elder John Vi Robison, a cousin,;: and President Thomas C. Callister. Resolutions of love and esteem by the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. Association and the Primary Association, with all of which she had been officiallyconnected, were read. The services were attended by all of her ' loving children and several grandchildren. The remarks of the speakers were full of praise, love and esteem for her noble character. , Sister Olsen is survived by the following children: Geo. D.,. of Fillmore; Edward T., of Chic-agFrank A.t merchant of Price, Utah; Cul-be- rt a mining L., a Salt Lake attorney. Emmett,Olsen and Miss Ethel engineer of Salt L&ke City; is Mrs. George M. Hanson, whose husband private Sutherland. .Also secretary to 'Senator GeorgeEdwin King, of Cirthree brothers, Culbert and cle valley, and Volney King of Cowley, Wyoming, and hosts of other relatives and friends. -- y . s ; . i And so the angel came unseen, unheard . he didst deaf all save whom guide one, By thy Across the shadowy river, to the throne Where harp and crown await on yonder side; She saw. heard and recalled her former home And smiling, whispered faintly ''Lord I come." We mourn, we weep with thee in thy deep loss; We know the grieving heart yearns for its own; Know that the aching void can ne'er be filled, Save by Our Heavenly Father, He alone Can soothe thy grief j speak peace unto thy soul, Can heal thy wounds and make thee truly whole. And so we pray that strength, be given thee, rbat heavenly dews may on thy souls descend. That through' tne cloud, blue sky may yet pe " seen," . Instead of song, may psalm thy lips attend; When rightly tempered, both by heat and wave, Thou'lt meet again thine own beyond the grave. Nellie Becroft. . In behalf of the officers and members of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake of -- Zion. . or Isabella F. Robison. Dr. Romania B. Penrose Delegate from Utah appointed by the Governor delivered an address at the International Woman's Suffrage Alliance Congress held in Amsterdam, Holland, June 16, 1908. The addrSb will be published in full in our next' number." x 