1 'ktt"-'"'''-- woman's exponent; :;-r- ' 1 I '.. rrrT: kLs7i? jiimDSe oi wnicn re nam us for our walk, we amvea m ume to go.u a. boat named 'Barbarossa." It was a tine large' and had quite a number a passengers. We had a book describing points as we came. to them and itkept us busy watching first one side and then the other, so , as"nbt to'miss ; anything of note. Binzen. the chief town, in one of the divi- ions of Tfpflflland, is of very ancient origin. was noted in Roman times. A bridge on of it built over the river Nahe, one-si- de dates from 13 B. C. Burg KIopp,, a castle center of the town, was built in built e the enclosing wall of a Roman fort. The Trench invaded -- the town and nearly de- stroyed it and alscf the castle. E very one remembers the pathetic song of "Bingen oh the Rhine," in which a dying soldier sends his last messageJo his bereaved, mother. Pass- iner Bincen you borne in view of an interest ing' castle,' the Mansethurm,' built on an island in the river, but very near the shore. - Itis merely a tower to which is attached the legend tHat a. miserfearing there might come a famine, filled the tower with wheat. The famine did come, and he selfishly shut himself ud in his tower with his wheatand' was deaf to the distress of the"people around j .him. .After a;great while' the tower was found that the.mice broken open andjt-wa- s had eaten up the wheat and the miser too. NearJy"all of the legends are of the' but that very'f act and the mystery veiling them is their principal charm. Another turn in the river, and we see , a very fine monument erected to commemorate the ' victories of the German people and the rest.' oration uf the German empire in It is 110 feet highland the figure "Gefman-ia,- " crowns it. On the substructure, which is 80 feet high, are the figures of Emperor William 1 and two hundred contemporary kings and princes. We now come, to a large, real castle, Rheinstein, perched on an impregnable precipitous rock. Tower rises above tower, full of mystery, grim, gray and and stories of love and sorrow, if the walls could only speak. It has one legend of false The Knight Siegfried von wooing. Rheinstein, a warrior, during one of his. predatory excursions, captured a eautiful-maiden named Jutta and married her.. He ceased then his pillaging and carousing. In timeV littl girl was born to them and Jutta died. The little girl was named Gerda, who grew to be so beautiful that suitors from far Her and. near sued for her love and hand. heart was won by a neighboring knight named Kuno von Riechenstein. It was the custom of the times for young lovers to have a mediator to conduct their suit, so they 1 chose Kurt von Ehrenfels, Kuno's uncle. But faithless to his nephew, he ingratiated ... himself into the good graces of Gerda's father and gained hi3 consent for himself. No entreaty of the betrayed Gerda had any eSect with her father after he had given his word, especially as the uncle was possessed of great wealth and her lover of very little. The wedding day dawned, - and the festal procession neared the Klemenkapelle, where the" marriage ceremony was to take place, when a warm of gadflies came out of the bushes. One of them stung the silver and gray palfry of Gerda and it reared ' dashed "out of the procession. Gerda spurred it on, and the steedVflew with her to Reichenstien, the castle of her lover. Kurt, the .uncle, rode after her, hut was thrown in ' in trythe pursuit and killed, alsoher-fatherun the to away horse, was hurt, stop ing J boat . . -- in.-th- " r im-possibl- 1870-1871- . . ivy-covere- d,, -b- r e,- but recovered and gave his blessing to the' Moselle and Rnme'tiversr'" One of its' mo?t interesting places is. Jhe Kastorkirche, This . lovers. v interesfme: point is the Lore- church 13 built in the form of a fine Roman---esqu- e frre Basilica.and dates from the end of iUt lei a basalt rock rising put of the water 7 It gets its name from a herThe river T2th "century. 430 feet, almost perpendicularly here is said to be 75 feet deepthe greatest-dept- mit of the 4th century,' Kastor, whose bont are said to be deposited in it. Lin the Uft inTthe river-- Ii is the only-plac- e' When the river is aise is the monument erected in 1725 to the whprp salmon is found. saintly Rizza, who went every morning low seven stones can be seen above the sur-faover the Rhine to worship in the The legend of them is that they -seven maidens, who were , fickle and" KatOrklrchers'the-legendTunrWe now glide oV past many interesting hard hearted, and had 'deceived their lovers and at the curse of the Lorelei were turned places and come to Sieberigebirge .(sevui r' mountain) and 'the castle Drachenfels to stone. Tbe word Lorelei means in German- the (Dragon Rock). Thfs Vamewas"a favorite "blustering rock,"' or echo rock with us. one for high mountain castles in the middle Standing below the rock twelve echoes can ages. This one certainly deserves the name be heard resounding from point to point. as 'it forms the pinnacle of a very steep, mountain. The legend is that Another legend more noted than the above Is that a beautiful (always beautiful) Siegfried, a hero," visited' the old Franki?h whose wonderful power lay iifher ;kirig Childerich in his "vine "covered castle His eyes, befooled so many men that rshe was and found him sick and deserted. ordered shut up in a convent. On her way beautiful daughter Gunhild had been carthere accompanied by a knight, as they ried away, by a rejected suitor, Duke Hun-olwho was a magician, and placed her in a were riding up the Rhine they. came to the high rock. She begged the knight to allow cavern guarded by a huge dragon. King her to ascend the rock in order to view once Childerich offered in vain his throne to auy one who would rescue his daughter Gunmore the castle of her beloved- While distance-sh- e hild.- Thirty knights hadalreadylbeeri desuddenly-caug- ht sight of a" ship bearing" the colors of her voured by the dragon in their - attempt to knight. Then she recognized the returning rescue her. .Siegfred, hearing the story, deIn her clared himself ready for battle with the loved one standing on the deck. great joy she made a false step and fell monster. In the battle the monster swalheadlong -i- hto-the deepriver and- - was lows his spear, which-h- e thrusts into its drowned. A gale of wind dashed the ship jaws, then he draws his famous sword, and with one' terrible stroke of its inagainst the rock and upset it, and thus the lovers were united in death. Mystery affirms vincible blade lays the monster dead. The fetters pf Gunhild are loosenedin the that from the 13th' century a treasure has been shut up in the rock' Lorelei. same instant, and Hunold's sou! is taken to of Soon lifter rounding the sharp curve of hell. .Unfortunately the usual-eeq- uel the river at Lorelei, we came in sight of marriage arid a long life of happiness does St. Goar, just above which rises the great not follow, for Siegfried is already betrothed fortress RheinfelsrSomesay it is the most to a lovely woman. Lord Byron has immagnificent ruin on the Rhine.It was built mortalized Drachenfels in one of his canto's in 1255 and destroyed by the French in in Child Harold. One verse is as follows: The ruins were sold in 1812 for 1797. "The castle crag of Drachenfels 2,500 francs or $500.00 in American money. Frowns o'er the wide and winding Rhine, This castle was built to endure for ages. Its Whose breast of waters broadly swells, foundations were laid deep and strong and Between the banks which bear the vine, were well nigh impregnable. And hills all rich with blossomed trees, Sixty Rhine And fields which promise corn and wine, cities combined in vain in 1255 to lay seige And scattered cities crow ning these, to it, the seige lasting one year and fourteen Whose far white walls along them shine, weeks. In 1G92 a French commanderwith Havestrew'd a scene which I should see, 17,000 men attacked . it with an equally With double joy wert thou with me." fruitless result, In 1758 it was treacherousWe now come to Bonn, a pretty little ly delivered into the hands of the French commander Marquis de Castries. The his- town and a wonderful bridge across the tory of the' ruthless destruction and desola-tio- n Rhine.' This town has the distinction of in the German .country by the French being the birthplace of the great musician His father was explains the slumbering hate that raged in Ludwig von Beethoven. the bosoms of the German nation which a tenor singer to the elector. On the Mun- burst forth in all its fury in the subsequent sterplatz stands a monument to his memwar which despoiled France perhaps very ory unveiled 1845. The Bonn Rhine Bridge justly of a large slice of her possessions. spoken of above is a magnificent piece of Sailing around the sharpest curve of the engineering, its central span of GI0 feet river we come in view of the pretty and an- being the second largest span in Europe. cient town of Boppard. It has many towA little back from the river is a villa with t wo of the old Parish churches dating a cupola. This is the residence of the Im ' ers, from the beginning oHhe I2th and 13th perial Princes while studying in Rome. xenturies. It has a hydropathic establishWe now soon arrive at Cologne,the end of ment and a beautiful avenue extending for our never to be forgotten ride down the more than a mile along the river. Passing Rhine. in the along reveling glory of the mountains Cologne is the most important town of the with vine and tree covered sides, we arrive Rhine Province, not the capital. It Jn view of the fine monument erected to the was an importantthough place on the Rhine in of William memory Emperor I. It was un- Roman times, 38 B. C. The city is the seat veiled in the presence of Emperor William of an Archbishop- and of a Governor. II, and many princes, August, 1897. We cTo it was.iritrusted in 1164 the preservanext arrive at Coblentz, the chief town of tion of the remains: of the three Kings (the the Rhine province, said to be the most Magi).- - This has caused pilgrims from all beautifully located of all the large towns on parts of the earth continually ' to be drawn to the Rhine. ..Its origin gees back to Roman the and most amazing city, The times. It .is situated at the junction of the structure in thegrandest city is the cathedral, called - . '. . tot f h ce. rep-rese- dry-foote- d nt rj - en-chantre- i! s3 M d, - . gaz-ing,int- - I, he -- - Bal-mun- g, . i - . . i - . -- s 