WOMAN S 'EXPONENT. 2G -- 1 Saint people the Latter-da- y have been building a literature better in and inspiration of thought, than any other people. What had we, when sixty-onyears ago, our' fathers and mothers entered this valjeyi in a literary way? Principally personal diaries and a Hymn BooJc. Oh, what a. Hymn Book'!' It contains some, of the grandest themes, words most prophetic, doctrines most profound, mingled with a eenti; ment bo sweet, eo pure, eo full of faith and hope all in perfect rhyme and rhythm as can not be found between the covers of any other song. book' in the world. It hasalwayi been the custom of the Latter- day .Saints as soon as they became settled. JL in a town capacity 10 esiaonen a newspaper and in less than three years after reaching these valleys, the Deseret News was estabwith Willard lished, a. weekly. periodical . . l t l i mi t i nicnaras as editor, inrougn us coiumus those who had literary talents were invited to express themselves; it has always been the organ of the Church and soon became a daily paper. It had for. editors, always, men of literary ability and renown among the people and' has ever held a high place in the ranks of journalism as an organ of good, upright principles. Of books the pioneers possessed but few having to use the space in theirxonveyances for the necessaries of life; what few these were, however, were of the choicest, but what matter, so long as among the people if there were not books there were men and women who were the makers of books. Early in the fifties a literary society called the Polysophical Society was organized by Lorenzo Snow. The meetings were held twice a week and were much enjoyed. The object of the association was the cultivation of the mind and manners in a social and literary way. Is it not remarkable that in a western desert, among a poor and driven people should originate and thrive a literary association of which the favored east, even Boston herself, with her culture and refinement might be proud to day? Also so far as present research can snow it was tne nrst literary club in the United States. Among the members may be mentioned the founder Lorenzo Snow; and his gifted eister Eliza R. Snow, Brigham Young, the pdets Henry W. Naisbitt, W. G. Mills, John Lyon, W.W. Phelps, Hannah T. King and Hannah '""of vrormon, ori-pinali- tv e . 1 A A 1 1 ' . Cor-nab- y. . w Probably the pioneer writer deserving first mention is the author of that wonderful missionary work "The Voice of Warning'' A young literary man in Parley P. Pratt. speaking of Parley P. Pratt says "In prose we have only had his equal in his brother Orson. . These two men, have written, I believe, all the philosophy on which Mormon-literaturis founded.'' Parley P. Pratt lived scarce fifty years but in that short period of time he. performed a work so magnificent as a missionary, a legislator, a journalist, a writer, and a man of God a8 to leave his name among the immortals. The Voice. ht Warning'' was first published in 1838, hae passed through numerous editions,, been translated in almost every modem language and is still doing its great work among the people and the nations though its author has long since passed away. The Key to Theology, another of our Btandard church works, has been a great help to the missionary, a guide to the teacher and student of religious literature and an inspiration to the expounder of our faith. In 1840, Parley P. Pratt brought out the first number of the first volume of that glorious e -- . 'selecting a good crimping place 'for the. peo' pie. A pioneer; azarair, a preacher,-scientist, a man' of letters and one of the. kindest and noblest of men, such was little periodical The Millennial Star, in the of city of Manchester, England, on the cover which appeared the beautiful; hymn The morning breaks, the shadows flee," written- . ocby him expressly for that; purpose and casion and which has. ever since been the Saints Jlymn; first hymn in the Latter-da- a Orson-Pratt- - ' Among the. choice literature of the Church is a little volume entitled Spencer's Letter-- . It is a collection'of letters explaining the Saints faith and' doctrines of the Latter-dato Orson a Mr,. Wilwritten by Spencer liam Crowel, a minister in the Baptist y Besides the numerous newspaper articles and letters written by him, Parley P. of the choicest hymns Pratt wrote forty-siSaints, On his fifsung by the Latter-datieth birthday while on a mission in the east and just a month before his death he wrote a poem called "My "Fiftieth" Year" which in a most concise and musical way tells something of his life and work. One verse reads like this: Book. y x y ; church. Orson Spencer was a learned man, a college graduate and was himself educated for' the ministry, also the law, but having accepted the gospel he gave up the prospects of the brilliant career that seemed to await him and laid his destiny with the Saints of God. He died in the service of the Church while on a mission to the States. Had "he permitted to live longer doubtless our literature would have been much enriched from his facile pen. He was the first chancellor, of the University of Utah and active in all educational work among the people. John Taylor apostle, poet, prophet throughout his long life in the Church contributed largely to church literature. His sermons, epistles, and , poems speak of his devotion to principle, his fearlessness, his loyalty to his people, his religion, and his friends. The Hymn Book contains three of his hymns, the most notable of which is that inspiring poem The Seer, which always calls forth the heart's great love for Joseph from the people in response to the telling of his own love for him. John Taylor wrote a very beautiful response to the poem by Parley P. Pratt before quoted, on Friendship and many other verse3 on the same subject to loved friends. He edited and founded the little periodical called the Mormon in New York city, also founded and published in a periodical called Zion's Zion's Banner, and made the first translation into the French and the German language! of the Book of Mormon. Speaking of John Taylor's book entitled The Government of God, Hubert H, Bancroft, the historian, says: "As a dissertation on an abstract and general subject it probably has not its. equal in point of ability within the range of Mormon Literature." John Taylor also edited the "Nauvoo Neighbor" afterwards called The Times and Seasons in Nauvoo, and ever held a high place oaints. among the literati of the Latter-daOf the songs written in our Hymn Book second only to Parley P. Pratt in number, and to. no, one in excellence are those from the pen of W.W. Phelps. The most beautiful, the most inspiring songs of Zion are from the pen of that gifted man. Thirty-fiv- e in number, "Redeemer of Israel", '' "Awake oh ye people," "Come all ye eons of Zion," "The spirit of God like a fire is burning," "Earth with her ten thousand flowers," "Glorious things are sung of Zion"; "Let us pray, gladly pray," and "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah" and many others fill ' our hearts and souls with all the love and fervor and fire that a true poet can call forth. Some of them are perfect epics and he surely- possessed the "divine fire. " MflTvl f I Mtllrt nrr,tf VittVtA i rrrrv rf rtlTF rPTV Wll mj if imam vj. Hums tuuuiuuicu in vi yui best hymns, "Arise, oh glorious Zion" and "We'll sing the songs of Zion John Lyon wrote three well knewn hymns, John Jaques ... r i tr i . f juyc, iu. Ajiioriuu live, vv miaui viajiuu Edward W. Sloan five, and Charle3 W. Penrose eight. Edward W. Slojrn was also the founder and first editor of The Salt Lake Herald and assisted in the founding of that ' . I have wandered far, I have wandered .wide, From Maine to the wild Missouri's tide; And over the Atlantic's eea girt isles FulJ many a weary thousand. miles. I have trampled the desert's burning &anda mountains of unknown lands'. And the snow-claMid the crystal waters of Deseret I have pulled the oar and cast the net; I have climbed the.steeps with the golden ore, An4 roamed o'er .the lone Pacific shore: I have ploughed its bosom manV a day To visit the nations far away; I have stood on Chili's ditant shore, Where the Polarstar is seen no more; I have gazed on the Andes heights of snow And roamed mid the riowery plains below. I nave toiled with the great "in freedom's cause, And aisisted to give a state' its' laws. I have lain in a dungeon bound in chains And been honored in courts where justice reigns In a thousand joys and a thousand fears I have struggled on through my fifty years. bt-t- d This poem, probably the last he ever wrote, was like the summing up of his life's work and in it he expresses a weariness of travel and a deiire to rest in his home with his dear ones. For him the span of life was short but his work will extend forever. Orson Pratt like his brother was one of the .first apostles of the Church. Both were college men and. both came from old Puritan stock. They accepted the gospel in its fulness and were ardent and faithful laborers The literary work of Orson Pratt is more of a scientific nature and his sermons alone would make a volume of profound thought. In 1852, Orson Pratt published a periodical in the city of Washington called "The Seer," the two volumes of which contain articles pn the priesthood and other doctrinal subjects. Perhaps the of most widely read his works is The Key to the Universe a book which learned scientists have marveled could be produced in his time, for it reveals things which Have in later years by the use of new improved scientific instruments been discovered by the most learned men. In 1848 he edited the Millennial Star and was always writing and studying and gaining knowledge for the benefit of his people. A collection of. tracts for missionary work called Orson Pratt's Works is a notable" volume among our Church works. A rather unique work of Orson Pratt's was the transcribing and publishing of the Book of Mormon in Phonetic characters, called the Deseret Alphabet. Brother Orson Pratt was a man of humble demeanor and rather inclined to diffidence in social. affairs, childlike simplicity of manner but a most wonderful mind and a voice so resonant and rich that thousands still remember his powerful and logical sermons delivered in the great Tabernacle. His writings appeal more to the student than the orOrson Pratt with Erastus dinary .reader. Snow were the first of the pioneers to enter this valley, riding down on the 23rd of July, and looking over. the land for the purpose of . Paris,-France- , in the Church. y - . '' " TTT-i- t' A a let-te- n, Pa-nie- r, 