, ' 32 ... "i P ;. ; V - ;. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. At. the opening exercises of the law class .,', the International Council has met uponjhis 'of trie WoWfiSlitKal Education Society at ' i York, No- Wniversity of the City of New' of side of the water. .,., v The objects and general policy of the Ka- vember 2, before a large gathering women, ' prefaced his addrees tional Council of Women ofjhe United Sta-- . Chancellor McCrackenarticle-against suffrage, tea may be best understood, perhaps, by by reading from an very. proud, of the fact as this is the first time Vnnnril ThA . xj Vitirnn1 w w v r nf Women will hold - - - a its Seventh Annual Executive Meeting, be ginning" November 15thw 1003, at Union City7lndiana; tho'invitation from the Local Council of Union City, Indiana, having been The business meetings "will be accepted. held in the Christian Church, corner of Oak and Plum Streets. It is expected that a platform .meeting will be held either in the Opera House or at the Church Sunday after- noon, when addresees will.be give by various epeakers. The Branham and Murray Hotels are the Rates have been secured best in the city. as follows: Branham Hotel, $2.00 per day; Hotel Murray, $1.00 per day. made by the Arrangements have been ' members of the Union City Local; Council to entertain those of the delegates who pre fer entertainment-private homes. Please correspond with Mrs. Mabel K. Keltuer, 623 Pearl Street, Union City, Indiana, in regard to entertainment in the .homes. For entertainment in hotels, correspond direct with the manager of the hotel. In the absence of Mrs. Kate WaJIer Barrett, Chairman of the. Program Committee, and Mis. M. Josie Kelson, Treasurer, ' who has charge of the general arrangements in Union City, Indiana, the oflicers of affiliated societies are requested to confer with Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister.Correspoding Secretary, 317, fvirby Avenue West, Detroit, Michigan, ;at once in regard to their appointees, also to nominate jsuch speakers as they desire to have on the program.'" ' Suggestions as to subjects for discussion ori the program will be gladly welcomed. A speedy reply is solicited as the time is limited. Each society of National Scope affiliated with the Kational .Council of Women is entitled to two delegates in addition to their President; State Councils. are entitled to one delegate besides the President; are entitled to Presidents only. The .Chairman of all standing committees or their proxy are also eligible to attend all sessions of the Council, with 'all the privileges of a delegate, including a vote. Each affiliated iociety is requested to forward immediately to the Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister," a complete list of its delegation for the Official ' Roster. : "' It is desired that we shall have a full representation from our various societies, as at this meeting the delegates to the quinquennial to be held in Toronto, Ontario, June, 1900, will be elected. We also expect to hear the report of the special meeting of the International Council recently held at Geneva, which I am sure will be of great interest to all. Mrs. Mary Wood Swift, Pres.; ,; Mrs. Kate Waller Barrett, . S3 . Local-Council- s - Vice-Pres- VJ-.-- Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister, Cor. Sec; MrsFrances E. Burns, Rec. Sec; Mrs. M. Josie Kelson, Treasurer. v PRESS COMMENT. ' The seventeenth annual executive of the p. lyyic-jxaiionjuouncn m v omen- ui me uuueu States is one of the most important meetings a .fj the History of the Council, as the quin-- , IVVquennisl of the International Council of XkXffcty&men is to be held in Toronto, Ontario, 14 ' ..' . - il tO - ai -- C, quoting froin'the constitution adopted at the organization. the women of the United States sincerely believing that the best good of our homes and nation will be advanced by our own greater unity of thought, sympathy and purpose, and. thatan ..organizedmovement of women will best conserve the highest good of the family and the state, do hereby unite ourselves in a confederation of work-ere committed to the overthrow of all forms of ignoranqe and injusiice, and to the application of the Golden Rule to society, custom, and law,. "This' federation shall be called the Kational Council of Women in the United States. Council is organized .in the interest of no one propaganda, and has no power over the . organizations which constitute it, beyond that of suggestion and sympathy: therefore, no organization voting to enter this Council, shall thereby render itself liable "to be interfered with in respect to is complete organic unity, independence or manner of work,' vr be committed to any principle or method of any other organization or to any act or utterance of the Council itself, beyond compliance with the' fermsof this constitution." There are seventeen Kational and nine Local Councils affiliated with the Kational Council of Women of the United States, representing over one million and five hundred thousand : - women. The work of the Kational Council' has been along many and varied lines, some of which are divorce' reform, equal pay for equal work, dres3, education in citizenship, domestic science, social peace and international arbitration, social purity, and 'care for defective and deformed children, equal standard of morals, tuberculosis, political equality and art and literature. Each subject is in charge of a competent standing committee who will report the progress made at this . executive. NOTES AND NEWS. The suiTragists of Kew York City had -- - seven polling places open on election day, at which women were invited to cast their votes. Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt was among the first to do so. In all, 1977 votes were cast, most of them for Taft. written by 31rs. liurapnry wara loan American magazine, advocating political work' by ' and condemning women in them for desiring the imperial franchise. Taking this as his text', without endorsement or repudiation, the Chancellor said: 4The is principal needof - thje hour information as local-matter- s, to how far the- sufffagehas'been'extended to women, and its results in municipal bet- terment. What high positions of responsibility has it given to women? Where should women be placed, and what are their duties in civic action?" He added: J'ln a city like ours, full of institutions and hospitals for women and children.it is a crying shame that no woman in authority ia on the Health Board Commission, none on the Board of Education, etc." He advised the Woman's Law Class to make a special .study of the legal aspect of the subject, and to compile-thlaws and statutes so as to make a text book of information. ESSAY ON PRAYER. "Prayer is the soul's sincere Smith the Prophet was desirous of becoming' church member but did not like the" contention that then existed among the different churches, and it was through prayer that He gained a light and knowledge of this dispensation. Christ was desirous of doing the will of His Father, and He realized the fearful ordeal that was in store for Him. He went apart from His disciples, the third time, praying most fervently that the Father would let the cup pass by, and His sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling to the ground, but- He said: "Not my will but thine be done." An angel appeared from heaven to strengthen and comfort Him; He found His disciples sleeping for sorrow, He said unto them, "Arise and pray that ye enter not into temptation." He knew that it was their hour, and an hour of darkness, he prayed for Peter that his faith would not fail him arid that he would be a strength to His disciples and brethren. The inspiration that comes to us after prayer is what demands'our utmost attention, put it into practice and work for what we pray for, faith and works go together, prayer will strengthen our faith, a practical people is what we are striving to become. Faith and works are two hands clasped in prayer. Before Christ appointed Hia disciples He went out into the mountain and continued all night in prayer, arid that shows there is more need of diligent action in every time of need. ,v"- Rinta Snow. desire-'Vosep- h .a- - -- Judge Lindsey of the Denver Juvenile Court writes on "The Public Schools and Morality ' in the'Housekeeper for November. It is one of the articles in the series, "The Truth about the Public Schools." Any parent who is complacently sure that everything is all right would do well to read what one of the most noted students of child life has The articles entitled The Sabbath Day, to say. On the other'hand, the article will also Alpine Stake Report, Women of the cheer those who are despondent about coh- - 19th Century, Burial Custom&Hn England, ditions. and Daffodils left over for want of space. , .--in R. K THOMAS DRY during the month of June, 1909, and at this Ji3eting delegatts will be elec'ted from the 67-69-- 71 A'"' A!oerican Council to attend the same. The i V; rrtaraational Council of Women is a body V: posed of about twenty-twcountries of OUR SPECIALTY f ", Xj " the' United States is one. We feel -- o GOODS CO. Main Street,. Salt- Lake City, - ladies ready-to-wea- r OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. garments s " T . . ' " ;v jjs " . e 7 