1 'l '. , " 1. . - I. 1 r 1 ! (1. . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. taijear captive, but Iier' . . .1 T I i old oi tne irjB iJiet?eryeu. early hie- tory of the Church, which was very interest- ing. Spoke of the way the people disregard the babnath day. It should not be done; lt inu s?-- .. A - 1 23 - dent Kate.AHred; President E. J. Durrant. ' Anierican Tork 2nd ward, PresidentSarah S. Ch Ionian. 1 , . lhe presidents all gave encouraging ) re- ports. xMeetings are fairly well attended arid teachers visit regularly. The lessons, on faith are well received. Have agreed to take up a labor with' those who neglect Sacra-men- t meetings. Song, "Star of Bethlehem," by Pleasant we should value" it beyond price. Grove Sisters. siters, Advised mothers to watch their children and Sister Sarah J. Cannon was pleased to teach them the Gospel. Do not let them meel the sisters of Alpine Stake, and to see - run the streets nights, for there 'are so many them stand up at roll call. Our organization : teinptatious. Spoke of the missionaries and is so perfect that we have no need to pass their work, and of the word of, wisdom. over our .focal oflicers to go to the head for Dismissed by pinging arid benediction. advice on any ordinary or business. The afternoon .session of our conference Parents should know allsubject God can take the humblest of His .well. about their commenced by singing and prayer; contintheir affairs. Make home pleasant, children, and make of them an instrument ued by singing and minutes, etc. and encourage them in their Church worK to do Hi? will. Our experiences are our Sister Ella Cameron' was first the , and to be obedient '.to their parents and to education, and more especially if we have speaker. Told of her trip to Salt Lake City to the priesthood. takes parents all their eye to see andears to hear. How good and A It attend the Young Ladies' Mutual confer- time to keep peace and order in their famjust the Lord is, He has not said to ence. It was well represented, from Cana ilies. Liked to know that the Societv in you may have the light, you may havesome, the da in the north to old Mexico in the south. the wards had means on hand to help in flowers, you may have the sunshine, but has Had some very good instructions. Wished any emergency that might need help. given all these beauties of nature to all of . all could live up to what we have heard. Sister Dusenberry had been away from us. They are all ours to enjoy. Let us Told of the companionship that should ex home for some time, and felt to appreciate keep good cheer for everyone, speak a kind ist between mother and daughter. Home her home and her religion more and more, word and often that will lift a load from and felt the worth of her own people. Spoke of our friends. . .making is the duty of every mother, and The only way to should have of homes. an instance where agentleman who stood grow is by doing good to others. May the they a happy l ' m Vi nr i t in am the meeting of the Saints in New York Lord give you a spirit of love, sympathy and gave a oilier nuair irom iropic n lecture on the life of our Savior. The first testified of the influence exercised on him by progression ' miracle of our Lord and Savior at a mar being in contact with two Mormon elders, A solo was rendered by one of the sisters. riage-ieastwhere he turned water into mere boys. Brother James II Clarke of the Stake The influence of the Mormon wine. elders is a great attraction for people not of .Presidency.-- ' You sisters are. not here- beSister Rachel Wilon recited a. piece en our faith. Related several incidents of her cause of time ycu have to spare, but you are titled "The Amen Corner." travels and experience among outsiders and here to do your duty, and to partake of the Realized isrother spirit and influence of this conference. Our imam Lameron ot Idaho was those opposed to our principles. minds are drawn away from, our every glad tomeet with the Relief Society. Asked that it is the actions and example of a per for a few hours, and our spirits are the Lord to bless all the sisters in their son that influences the people more than It is our lives that count, our directed to our Heavenly Father who organnoble, work". Spoke of the training of our their words. children, keep them in good company. words amount to nothing comparatively. ized this Church for the benefit of His chil- dren. The law of tithing Is given for our in the world, Urged the sisters not to talk about each There are many good people i i other and trvto nu others down: but trv to and tnougn they may oe careless now, in temporal as well as our spiritual salvation. build each other hp. "God bless all of the due time the truth will dawn upon them Some think that' all they need to live for is 'and they will know that the Mormons are this life, but I think we should live with the sisters. Amen." Sister Rathshpha W. Smith. President of honest and sincere and that they seek the thought that this life is to. fit us for a future We are here at school to get experistate. the Relief Society in all the vorld, and welfare of the people. President Stephen L. Chipman felt grati- - ence to prepare us, for our future life. Let other officers were sustained, also President Hannah A. Crosby, and the Panguitch Stake .fifed in hearing the reports and testimonies. us attain to as high a sphere as we can, for .Noticed that lew of the young women are there is an eternity to. follow this life, Make officersof the Relief Society. Conference was then adjourned f)r one connected with this Society. We want more the duties of the Church a pleasure. Make This will year. Closed bv the choir singing "School help and it is necessary that the younger the paying of tithing a pleasure. of the blessings thy feelings. 0 mv brother.,' Benediction women should be getting the experience to strengthen our faith because to us. Convert yourour Father returns fill these positions. Spoke of the Relief So Elder Leonard Sargent. to this law, husbands convert your ciety grain, thought the granaries should be selves, Sarah D. Dyrett. examined and .made sound and good for the for it is as much a principle of the gospel as Stake Secretary, Great responsibilities rests upon reception of the new wheat Spoke of can- - baptism. vassers who are around deceiving the peo-- J us as fathers and .mothers. Let us be care ALPINE STAKE. nle. and' warned the sisters to be careful ful of the children God has given us. Let and be mutual in this,. Thp hnartprlv mnfprpnce Hhe Relief So- - what they sign their names to, for these us help each other should be on As we grow stronger and do our duty, day ciety of the Alpine Stake of Zion was held agents are not 'reliable and we by day we are saved. ; at Pleasant Grove, July 17, 1908. President our guard. . . Hindley was struck with Bishop John Mftfttinff closed dv sineing ana no'in'mrr c ... 0 Deneuic. HCUCUUil O li aUUi lllg l.lCDiUiv6. , of the sisters .in giving the re-- . umn. u uiul. the remark was favored with. the at- - tion. Onr ronfprpnee aajourneu ... uonierence r r r omereuue ports that they loved the work. and the du- icaen Aiternoon cession. tenrionoo t Siefpra Trio Smoot Dusenberry them in the Belief Society. ; zr.iU t nonnn 'nf fKp PTipral Board, sembled at 2 p. m. President Standring tie8.placed upon If we can do this we can become a great rtm. tU Hanoi vaviviwvu PrPRidpnt fetand- - nresiding. . , U1C uouai ovormaofl illlCi . , Aftoi- fo nnoninrr ATPrP.lSPS PrPSlOPnt M. J help 1q others as well as to ourselves. Our me ; aim sisiers , . ring greeted young sisters ao not realize wnaiiiiiney.are Stake in good condition, felt gratified witn i,. Aoei reporiea American Ellen missing,; The blessings cannot be ouh unthe advancement of the work and the unity President C Thome reported Lmdon. less we work for them. The temporal part nf ih c'stpra "TKp Lord had a special pur- - Jones beni, am wara The poor of our lives are crowding out the spiritual were gratifying. The the for reports is It this in Society. organizing pose padre, attention; to ibe spi- parteJLug give,will sisters to be helps to the, brethren, but this are ieortne be ours in the fuliifeT " that ritual made things' calls the to upon to respond save souls, ready Was only secondary; we were to Lewis was delighted with the sen- Bishop : them. of the fear and in rmVp our children in the Seek timpnts pxnressed bv the' sneakers: fiistpr Sarah .J. Cannon of the fJonprjil and Lord. The work of the Lordr is growing , 01 uoa. anu all other Af frond Bnirif.. first tne Kineaom a WM rMlH Tl Lll UCai Vi iho a, ww-- . yi hO T nn w 1' ft enaeavour we snoum io. often 7: oh y thirds shall be added unto you me times." Frayed xor tne spiru oi ncraa whpfhpr wp do this to the extent c.: . ao " JUauer-uajfas aMJio De hvoc"vgOOU Umoa .... , 119 oTnol lonro ,,1 J tn inun fL- all rn vavviiuuvw it mil '"VUn wv 'A:ii w ..i n i .x i rir ta ji in .liu that we kiiiiiiiii. ' Lehi., 1st tward.' reported 'Trv , uymmrreeiuni been taught without labor, and the Relief Society sisWe have was a.small she girl. Hannah P.Jones. Lehi, 2nd ward, oy rresi should keep God's commandments and keep the Sabbath day holy. We : should live for something besides pleasure. President Hannah A.: Crosby was glad ; and thankfu.I.for the testimony of our aged we . . r where we have followed the counsel of those placed over us, we have come out all right;:' We should try to appreciate our blessings, and While we have the opportunity let us be kind to each other and not wait until "it is too late. Let us try to do as well as we. know how.. Mothers have great responsibilities and alsi many opportunities to learn the gospel and many things necessary to our' advancement. May the Lord be ever good to us. Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry. "I used to think that Relief Societv work was onlv for the older sisters, but as I have traveled and vitited the stake conferences, I have decided that it was for the younger ones as chil-dren,a- nd . rs the-saoulde- A , - day-labo- . . .i . i.i t.i rs , . . . - oi T m . . , 1 1; . 1 1 - I - oj , 1 1 1 1 ' ; sicK-visiieu-aiJu-i- icio- 1 A I T I iru I i rr.j I i,a 1 T:7 1 ..-w- 1 1 I i- -. I : ..- T- I ... -,: Wk . XT' ; I Vnnr ' T i ' 