and prayertm$ itw itve.;iWitition-ntilthicity, county and state.'and be sure they do so without prejudice "or partisanship, and know each one for himself or herself, the serious consequences of throwing power into, the hands of those who have Bought to gain their own ends by fraudand deception. . In tlus fctate where .women have equal.privileges with men they should be oh the alert and active in season ana out 01 season, in using their utmost influence as well' as their ballot-iand for all measures for the suppressing of vice and immorality of. every sort, that the children and youth in this state may be protected as far as possible by law, that they because of may not be tempted to wrong-dointhe negligence of those who control public matters, that no unclean or wicked practices may have any sort of foothold in our city or county or be upheld by law or license. Every woman should, by her utmost influence, aid good, honest, honorable men in putting away all that isobnoxious and offensive to society and people, so far. as it can be done by those who hold the balance of power in the franchise. That this city may be free fromanything that would pollute its clear, moral atmosphere, that Utah may be the pride of the West in temperance, morality and all the qualifications necessary to entitle her to take highest place among her sister states. Women with the ballot 'should be able to do much towards uplifting a standard of excellence for others to follow who 'do not have this precious' gift, and that the women of Utah may stand fast for the betterment of society in all its various phases anoavenues and especially for the purity of the home let us watch aud pray always. 3 - g . .blessed, through your labors' but the Y. L. M. I. A., owes its inception, birth and existence to your untiring efforts. It. was Sister TOKEN" OF ESTEEM TO SISTER JANE S. RICHARDS. "Honor to whom honor is due," is an adage worthy of one's acceptance, yet how rarely do we pause on life's highway long enough to give utterance to the thoughts that well in our hearts. Though we all appreciate appreciation, we fail to give it to others. So oft we check the loving word", leave deepest ; thought unsaid, Till friends are gone, then roses bring to scatter o'er our dead; 0 when shall we this lesson learn, save through regret and sorrow-That Better kind words today, than roses on the morrow. , . And so today we, the sisters of the Relief Society of the old Weber Stake of Zion, have come to tell you that we appreciate your long and faithful services in our midst. We love-yofor your true worth and for that you have done; for that broad charity that has been exemplified in your life- To quote all t vour own favorite creed, ''We have ihe .same "mother," and so failings have been overlooked and the friendly hand extended; no cry of distress has reached your ears in vain; the naked have been clothed, the hungry fed, the sick com forted, the dying soothed and the dead prepared for their last long sleep. Shoulder to shoulder you have stood, have ever graced with the best women-tha- t the earth, Sister Eliza, Aunt Zina, and Aunt Bathsheba. With them your labors have reached through the different. Stakes of Zion and to the nation of whichvwe form a part. Not alone has the Relief Society beenL u -- - did-no- -- . Richards' heart that yearned after the welfare of the young girh, ehe. it was, who as early as 1873 called a meeting of the young women of Ogden, including girls over eight years of age. This meeting was eo prolific of good that others were pleaded for and for six years they continued, finally culminat-- ' ing in the organization of the Y. L.. M. I able. . Apostle David 0. McKay said: we have met here today to do. honor to Sifter Jane S. Richards, who ha labored lo! these many years in the interest of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake. of Zion. ""Too much honor could not-bshown .to her. He looked 'jpon the women of. Zion as queens for they were the mother in Israel, and no greater honor can come to any woman than Motherhood.-Rehearsed the story of the Roman mother's jewels and referred to the jewel of S.ister RikJiards jewels whose u lluenee wan felt in Zion through service fof others; "also told the beautiful story of Hannah and her boy, whom she gave to the Lord; of Ruth and. as illustrations of service others, using-theand sacrifice of self. . Asked the blessing 0f the Lord upon the queensthe mothers in Israel, that they might let the beauty and grandeur of motherhood he known in the world." Paid a glowing tribute to the labors of Sister Richards and prayed the blessing of heaven to be round about her through her e A., on May 10, 1879. Ti me fails us to enumerate the good you have accomplished, but your name must necessarily be forever linked with the his tory of the Relief Society. Home industries; the storing of wheat and many other good things have received your fostering care and untiring energy. The whitening snow of winters, the scorching sun of summers have found you it your post' of duty, until the Priesthood of the Lord have said, "It is enough Your day of labor is past, twilight has come, enjoy your beautiful evening in peace; let nothing mar your quiet; hold sweet communion with angels and loved ones, and as twilight deepens into night, and the mists gather around you, may our Father's sustaining power be with you, the joy of a life enlighten the gloom; may your vision penetrate- the shadows,, and, like Moses, may you view the better land where await your loved ones and all the sanctified in the Celestial Kingdom of our God. . well-spe- nt - RELIEF SOCIETY CONJOINT MEETING AND BANQUET . In honor of the retiring President of Weber Stake Jane S. Richards. TESTIMONIAL. Relief Sott'ctViS :Cn'ft tfoinl--' welhand she trusted all would bear this in mind and give to the work the best of which we are cap- remaining years. General Spinrp'f sirv K!nmtlin II Vollu a;,l she was present when Sister Richards was called to preside over the Relief Society of the Weber Stake of Zion; this was the first Stake organized and Sister Richards its first Testified to the noble work she president. had accomplished and to the sweet spirit of humility that had characterized her whole life. Felt glad that .she had beni relieved cf the arduous labors she had borne so long, and her prayer was that those who had been called to the work might carry it on successfully. All who are called to positions of im portance gain development as they could gain it in no other way Sister Richards has proven this and as a star she shines among Referred to the rapid and the brightest. of the Relief Society in all gigantic growth world showed and the the absurdity of its On September 10, 1908, the Relief Society of Weber Coimty, heretofore comprising the .Weber Stake of Ziori, held its last quarterly The stake had grown to such conference. nroDortions that it was deemed proper, for its better development to divide it into three being composed entirely of elderly sisters. PresidentLewis W. Shurtliff was glad to stakes, which will hereafter be known as Weber, Ogden and North Weber stakes. This be present to do honor to Sister Richards;, conference was long to be remembered by he had known her long and intimately and those present. For 37 years President Jane S. had always found her in quest of sickness Richards has held sway over the hearts and and distress that she might bring relief and lives of the sisters of this stake, and it was comfort. May God bless" her for that she to do honor to her that the people came out has done. The work has grown to immense proportions and there is wrork for all, en masse. Sister Emily Si Richards said that Weber There were present on this occasion, hnr? had snmp nf f hp hpt nnnhrf nnif "ph Apostle David 0. McKay, Presidents of the fitfltp Weber, Ogden and North Weber stakes, Elder for. gaining knowledge and that they had Franklin SRichards of Salt Lake, bishops come largely through the energy of Sister . She placed the magnitude of her and other leading brethren, General Relief Richards-Society Secretary Emmeline B. Wells and achievements with those of Sister Wells, Emily S. Richard of the General Board, though in a different line yet each have been also the Relief Soqiety presidents of the three iuarveious in scope. in xveiiei oocieiyiaa done more for the women of Zion than we npwly organized stakes, and not least.among them our former President Jane S. Richards,' can ever do hr the society. A Token of Esteem to Sister Jane S. Rich-- , surrounded by those who for, so. many years have labored under her direction and guid- . ards was then read by the assistant secretary, ance. The Hall was filled to its utmost-capacity- Nellie Becraft, at the close of which a small memento was presented. 11 kJAOVVfl TI vii ivivuuiuo ivijpviiui u 111 At 11 a. m. the conference convened. Prerhnsen words, telling of the iov and satisfac sident Jane S. Richards presiding. she had always felt in the labors of the Singing "We ' thank Thee 0 God for' a tion : ' society. Appreciated the- love and support ':'yr prophet.", .V saiafpra mmmpndpn thpm fnr fhp"r Praver was offered by Elder, Franklin S. to ever Richards, continued by singing the hymn faithfulness and prayed the Lord liiess them in their labors. . ... . "0 say, what is truth?President Emily M. Shurtliff of the Weber President Jane S. Richards spoke words the sisters to reof welcome and expressed her gratitude for Stake Relief Society asked if were satisa' the privilege of meeting once more with the spond with hearty Amen they had been done for Sister Rich- sisters 'and those interested, in Relief Society fied with what She had greatly enjoyed her labors wbrk. President Charles C.Richards of the Ogden in this connection and said the work of the. . . C ' -- - nf-fh- - o . N 