on I have gazed mon and eon p into .many cathedrals, but ' none excel this to me. One can; gaze with enraptured awe standing in front of this amazing structure with, its two towers 530 feet from the' i J t iuuura :ii ruuuu, jur :wunoui Demg weary or From the feeling that half had been seen. to the ground pinnacle it is most wonderfully The'Dom. ' -- : . . xuc xueiufjr m us UUHUing IS pa Us thetic in long struggle to be finished. ine foundation stone was laid in 1248 It is of Gothic architecture designed .by Ger- hard von Jiiehl.Ihe. choir was consecrated in 1322 and the temporary wall with which they enclosed it fn order to hold diyine. services remained standing until 18G3, It was finally finished and on the lothof Oct.; 18S0, Emperor William I, surrounded by the whole .of the royal family and many of the princes of Germany, laid the capstone of this grand and noble building, thus this sublimest monument of architectural skill was completed. The interior is in keeping in beauty with the exterior the immense fluted pillars and stained glass windows of surpassing beauty enchain the admiration of the beholder and cause one to feel that the worshipers in. s.uch a delightful building shouldhave the light of true worship.. We attended a short service and came away with sad hearts, having witnessed the mockery ;of religion, and the darkness, ignorance, and mystery that fills, the hearts of the worshipers. At the window of our room in the hotel opposite the Dom J sat. long gazing on this grand structure, and I wondered when the mummery which is used in the name of religion would be stilled and the sublime ructure-dedicated e to Ufumr. . ' . work done in a : similar direction by Andrews Spencer of Washington D. Cm wherein she saved the lives of many very young mothers and innocent babes. .Su?h women are public' benefactors in a very broad sense, and certainly humanitarians in heart and soul. Whoever saves one precious life from pure motives is Mrs.-Sara- the-tru- and-liviag-- God. . Ro3iania B. Penrose. EDITORIAL NOTE. Sometime about the middle of this month (February) Brother Joseph Wilson of this city brought some Eastern ladies to call at this office in whom he thought we would be particularly interested, because of the work they were doing for destitute mothers and children. It is needless to say that we who are so actively engaged in the Relief Society are always glad to know of similar work being done elsewhere. The ladies were from Kansas City, Mo., and when they informed us that the home they had established wss called ''Joseph's Home" the name iattracted immediate attention-Mrs- . Julia Anna Baker, who founded this home for mothers and children who are left stranded and helpless, has a most attractive manner and is very prepossessing in appearance, 'and in conversation. . She has a cultivated, pleasing voice; like The to' alleviating sorrow; facts stated here in regard to the Home were of great interest and the work seems of untold value. The ladies, two of them are remaining here' for a fewdavs, and the women of Salt Lake will have an op portunity to inquire into, the benefits and helpfulness of the home established by Mrs. Baker, which strongly appeals to women benevolently inclined and desirous of rendering aid to young; mothers with little children, left dependent upon their own exertions,' with perhaps no experience of the world and its besetments, and no advisoT7orsuitable employmentn5erchance,even without a" dollar, or a place of shel- -' ter. The writer recalls" the"' magnificent t r i iT. ii tii rropnei uie umii onne josepn emitn, 1 resident Ivlizabeth Layton presiding. After j jl worthy ofcbmmeridation, find-- in thefe days when divorces are frequent and desertion of wives and little children has become a matter of every day occurrence, if there is "balm in - Gilead'1 for young mothers, a home forthe little ones, who are unprotected and unprovided for, it is most assuredly a iource of satisfaction; and to know that there are women unselfish their lives to this grand enough' service mothers !and children and keeping up. the home idea, instead of farming the chil Iren out, and merging their identity into the public, until they do not know their own parentage, is a point to be emphasizedand carefully considered. f' Dl J V J M UbJ; ardge, First Counselor Salina Phillips all present. President Layton stated the object of the meeting, commenting on the event of the 7 birth of the Prophet. Ifdrew Kimball gave a de... President scriptive .narrative of a visit to the cities of r"'r of to-devo- ; interest to the Saints. Roll call showed eight stake officers present , "and e r h ocie t ydrgahiza t ions "re pre and-nob- le ts hmma Coleman of the btake JJoard a account of the organization detailed gave of the first Relief Knriftv.. nnntinc o fhft , 1$. Prophet many times during her remarks. nf Israel." Ranc"Redeempr Conprepfttion r j "a when the conference was adjourned until 2 p. m., during which time all repaired Jto the hall below, where luncheon was served and the noon hour spent in social chat, and re-- , lating of events in the early history of the . Church. Afternoon session opened by the assembly singing the hymn eung by the Apostle John Taylor just prior to the martyrdom, 'A poor wayfaring man of grief.' Statistical and financial report of the Stake was read, and the names of the officers presented by the secretary aud unanimously sustained. John F. Nash of the Stake Presidency The sDoke on the life of the Prophet. speaking was interspersed with quartet, solos and recitations, all appropriate selections for the occasion, with also an original poem by Samuel Claridge. The social feature of the conference was an dancing party, which was greatly enjoyed by all who participated- . IN MEMORIAM. It becomes our painful duty to record the death of one of onr noble sisters of the. 25th' ward Relief Society, Pioneer Stake, Salt;. Lake City. Sister Matilda Ek, wife of Bishop Carl Ek, who passed away Friday, November ''6th, 1908. after a severe illness. She leaves a husband and family of eight children, three boys and five girls. She was a devoted wife and mother. She rilled the position of second counselor in the Relief Society to the satisfaction of all, and endeared herself to a host of friends, but as our heavenly Father in His wisdom has seen fit to call home our sjster to a better. life? we the of licers and members of the 2oth ward express our sincere sympa thy to the bereaved husband and family in their loss, feeling also that they have been greatly blessed with her wise and faithful example. Onr sister is not dead, she simply sleeps, her intelli gent part having gone to that bright sphere where the just await the tune of their redemption, when thereAwill be a reunion of the spirit with the body, through the power of the resurrection. .Having slept inv peace, she has secured her title to be among the heavenly throng that will accompany the Lord of glory, when He shall .come to this creation to take the reins of its government. -- . -- : old-tim- e Sarah Webu,; Cor. Sec. Com. 1..:... ; - RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. . . MORfl -- -- ' ' four Year's. N STAKE. . To the Memory of Sarah B, Lay ton; President of the Kaysville Relief Society for Twenty? The semi annual Relief Society conference of the Morgan Stake was held in the Stake house on Saturday, February 15, 1908. After opening exercises President Lydia Rich welcomed them all to our meetings. Rich-vill- e an, Reports were given and Milton wards'; ihat the work is alive in their wards and doing pretty well. e Bishop Giles of Milton, encouraged all Sister Sarah B. Layton was born July 6, 1826, in Bedfordshire, England, and departed this life September 13th, 1900. She was the daughter of William and Flizabeth Barnes and the wife of the late Christopher Layton. She was the mother of six children, five of .whom survive her. The officers of the Kaysville Relief Society of the Davis Stake of Zion have prepared the followwork. A quartette was then1 beautifully ing resolutions: ." rendered by the Richville Society; given by Whereas, our eternal Father has called home ' Christ at the four of the elderly-lister- s, one of Ws inost earnest workers in his cause, therefore be it Door " X talk on "Hospitality" was given members and Resolved, That we, the officers Annie W. Clark. A speech by of this Society, offer our earnest sympajthy to the by Secretary , v : Sister Belle Putters. ; f . bereaved family. 7 ," . 'Meeting adjourned till 2 p, m. Resolved, That we do humbly, testify that we do The afternoon- - f ession convened with a greatly appreciate her noble works. The leading trait nf her character were charity, love, and pretty good attendance of stake and- - ward humility. She died as she had lived, a faithful officers and members; also President Daniel Latter-daSaint, and her light wHl shine before " us in time and in eternity. We realize that she" Heiner and a number of brethren; after is enjoying the rest of the faithful, and she will opening exercises "A Testimony" by Sister come forth in a glorious resurrection crowned Counselor Jane S. Richards was read. with eternal life. Ma ryett e Waldron gave " good advice to Resolved, That these resolutions be recorded on u our Relief Society Record, also published inthe Becretaries. :: from-Morg- in-th- ed 4 ' : " . y . - Woman's Exponent. In behalf of the- Kaysville Relief Society, Sarah H Sheffield. President: Elizabeth Lar- kins. Susannah Robins, Counselors; Alice Foxley, - 1 ! : - - -- 1 O -- . - one-accustom- Relief Society Conference of St, Joserjh .Stake was held in Thatdier, December 23, 1907, in. honor of the 102nd anniversary jdL . -- -st- INTERESTING CONFERENCE IN ARIZONA. h Secretary. L . Counselor M. J, Walsh; made a few re marks. A recitation was given byjart ha Meacum, An Address to the Sisters in Zion; a solo by Miss Benson,' Face to . 