T Z. is4 y- tr r -' ' V -- . ST' 11 ' vvvv-, v,- -, '.'.-- i; ,;;. "V,. Ballot-- the hands, of. .the m SALT : L AKE Vol. 3G. . 'Women . 1 of f Vat s?mihl he "CONTENTS.. fie Slate and the Nation. &J6!rir,fojieit C IT Yr UTA Ii; JA NtM II Y ' i 90S. - r" " fJCE WT S A NUMBER. " - , but cannqt afford to buy anyZl love poetry, e?pecialloacred.Sneie M. Morgan 41' Letter from Afar Hazeldbne, AMALiND.v ne.ir- - East "AVhitney Poem?" .1 would like, to eeS the Relief Society Reports:Bbx Elder Stake-- . As a London; Sofjtfr X'fricaV bop.k. I think it is called "Elias." 42 Nebo Stak& San Juan Stake.... child my. ambition was tpwrite stories "and Liberty StakeGranite :;bp6ks7 burr)eft8cho61 when '"quite'yourfgr 45 Huntsville. RlTS. Alptrie' Stake and began to help my mother in the care of Resolutions of Respect for Sister Caroline p. a large family; being the eldest in a family, of S. Brown wish I could tell you. how; pleased L was ...t......... twelve and you .know where there'are little to receive a P. Oar Darlinsr Marian ...........,.....;.....E. B.'W. 43 'atii papers from babies coming so often, how much work s two weeks 'a'eb. Editorial: The New Year 1908! An Artistic f Accent you there id for mother and big sister. my Keartfolt thanks for such kind'.thpuht of 'me.l I'do Booklet A Pretty ironie Wedding I thank God for the patience He enabled ' 44 Notice to Stake Secretaries. thoroughly enjoy every word p. yqar Excelme to give to the little ones. It seemed a lent paper. I wonder if the saint's, in Utah In Loving Remembrance of Fanny L. Harper 4(1 hard discipline to me at time.s;M ever strove realize how much it. is to us out hfi're to; reto be a dutiful daughter and sister; was often "Why a Woman Should Desire to be a Mor .Emmeline B. Wells 40 ceive", anything like that. . What a grand mon".. in prayer for help to be kind and loving. ' work the Relief Society must be doing and 48 Many times I wanted to be writing, or readHistory of the U. W, Press Club.....T..... -A" liappy New Year to You..F.R.H. 51 as I read reports of the meetings and topics ing and had to hold baby or cook. I often Poetry: Old Loves... think of the wonderful thoughts I used to Henyr Murger 41 taken I long to join you. I am hoping and An P'pitaph......Lena Gris wold Browne 43 praying that the way "will soon b opened have while in the kitchen. I used to prop for us to go to Utah I am. rejoicing more my books open on the table to read or learn and more in our grand religion and the more pieces. I am very fond of children I have I read, study or think about, it, the more only one, a boy of ten. I have been living A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU. beautiful and perfect it. seems to me, and oh, with and family since he was I how wish .how I tell others could I feel, twenty months old. He isa bright little Xew mercies new blessings, new light on the way, New courage, new hope and new strength for'each and why I know it is true; but I fail to make fellow, and I pray.God to help me to bring , day; them understand. As a Christian worker him up to be a true Latter-daSaint. It is New notes of thanksgiving; new chords of delight, for years past I have many friends, but not hard to train boys without a father's help. New praise in the morning, new songs in the one of 4hem has any sympathy with tny re-- " How beautiful it must be. to have a goo ... night; New wine in the chalice, new ajtars to raise, My dear father was so good and . ligion now. My dearest friend, the one cho h'usbfind. New fruits for the Masternew garments of praise, mother misses his shielding care-o- f has been help and comfort to me all my life, New gifts from His treasure, new smiles from called away eight years ago, and, oh, nearly, is not interested enough to read any His face, Latter-daSaint paper or book. She says how we all miss him, he was such a good New streams from-thfountain of Infinite grace. father. she loves me the same and I have been used to We live on a farm 5 miles from the town. her and to pouring out my .whole heart May He whose changeless glorious name, A long drouth of six months has been very Is now and evermore the same. now, feel a restraint in what is filling, my Make this and every Christmas day, Such things are trials to trying to us; spring rains were witheld. heart and mind. A the way. brighter light upon Three weeks ago copious rains began. The a sensitive' nature; also what we hear said F. R. II. about the Prophet Joseph and' others. I dry brown aspect of the country is changed to lovely green; all are busy, ploughing and have been a Sunday School teacher ia various denominations, but to none of their creeds sowing, and all vegetation is growing and could I place niy whole heart or feel what I' though it is summer, it seems like spring. OLD LOVES. The elders who feel ' now to our Church. Lovely wild flowers grow here, I have pressed some on a card for you. FROM HEXRI MUliGER. have labored in this district have been faith".. Christmas will soon be here. I send greetful messengers but so few take the trouble Louise, have you forgotten yet to investigate for themselves. We regretted ings to you and yours. We hope to have The corner of the flowery land, three elders to spend christmas with us. I The ancient garden where we met, Elder Geo. M. Cannon's transfer to another will send you a piece for the Exponent if My hand that trembled in your hand? district. He is a noble character truly Christ Our lips found words scarce sweet enough, like. We bid Eider Sheffield goodbye, last you care to have one to print; it may interest As low beneath the willow trees some of the sisters to hear about this parf month-,- and felt like parting from one of the We sat: have you forgotten, love? of the world. My mother and brother join Do you remember, love Loaise? family. We shall never forget their goodBible-clas- s with me in loving gospel greetings to you. I hope ness: They used to have a At present there are no to meet you some day. Tmmks for good us twice a month. Marie, have you forgotten yet wishes expressed on your pretty card. Please The loving barter that we made? elders in East London and just one member The rings we changed, the suns that set, write to me soon and remember in your beside those of this family; she. is a good shade? and The woods full filled with sun woman, in numDie cucuuiipianues, cue ia -prtyers your sister in the gospel The fountains that were musical Susie M. Morgan. . desirous of going to Utah. I wish I had the By many an ancient trysting forI look have you forgotten all? means to send her. Mother and Do you remember, love Marie? P. S. May I ask you to please give my ward to the time when we shall have the. greeting to Sister Susa Young Gateslmd tell' privilege and joy of attending conference and her address Christine, do you remember yet listening to those inspiring discourses. I her how much I enjoyed reading Your room with scents and roses gay? '11 think it fine. to "Women of the World lovfi to read them. Another thing I love to as setMyqgarret neartheky-'twSister Smith's letter-ancLI received with-joread are the meetings of "Daughters of .Pio the April hours, the nights of May? will answer it shortly. The clear, calm night the stars above neers . un, now gcaim it iuusi ucw.uc seen That whispered they were fairest one of them. I am a great reader and lover Through no cldud: veils? Remember, love! I have never nf irnod books and literature. Do you remember, love, Christiner to bs the pos been able to gratify my desire 1 lieiore 1 sessor of a library of good, hooka, Louise is dead, and, The famous old Liberty Bell now belongs was ten years of age I h?d read a great Marie a sadder path has ta'en! B. And pale Christine has passed away number of books. My father being fond of to four women'Mrs. James S. McCloskey, B. Coward In southern suns to bloom again. I learned when quite young to .guide Mrs. C. D. Emerson and Mrs. B. reading. Diehl of Mrs. . W. Alasl for one and all of us and control my appetite for reading to choose -- of Philadelphia, and Marie, Louise, Christine, forgetr These Washington,-D.-C.Kplnfnl hooks" s rwant now to T, v,intYifl U Our bower of lovels ruinous, uuivyv"' sisters, and the heiresses of John illbanK. And I alone remember yet. own all the church works, books and history, . rATr- - ; ...-:.- ' . ' ..".,. . I Q.-ver- ses . . -- . : -- er my-moth- y . . , er;-he-was y j . f , 1 -- tree-M- arie, : i y :-I . well-a-da- y! . . ' -- ur-womeiL-arfL. ! - . ... -fo- NV 