WOMAN'S EXPONENT. eeuiea m nernew uuine.wmcnsnGna&u-ned to suit herself anuamon'g Jrienda.it seemedaa if her life might flow on . like a happy dream. But alas for human expectations, she was s not permitted long to enjoy the rich of home and mother, husband and children. Everything that could be done for her ease and gratification was thought of. and no expense was spared, loving hands ministered to her,' and those about her were thoughtful of .every act and attention.. .And yet she could riot stay with those who held; her in the strongest bonds of affection. Therefore we must eay "He doetrrall things 'well," knowing it was the Father's will. ' M bles-"ejng- The loved and lost! Why do we call them lost? Because wemiea them from our onward way, y " Sad was the parting here, yet Sister Grant has many dear ones there, and the welcome will be beyond what words can express; her only boy Daniel, her beautiful Sister Dessie, her mother, father, and others loved and cherished, relatives and friends, and an innumerable company of saints and angels welcomed her to "the golden shore." Emily. Wells Grant was the daughter of President Daniel H. Wells and his wife Martha G. Wells .(recently deceased) and was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, April 22, 1857: she grew to womanhood man environment of love and happiness, she had the very best educational advantages, the Utah schools and University afforded. She was married to Elder Heber J, Grant in 1884 and was the mother of five children Dessie, and Grace, both now in early womanhood, and Daniel (deceased) Emily and Frances still Sister Grant was a loving young iu years.anc tender mother and a charming woman the delicate relations of domestic life. Sister Grant passed peacefully away after a painfully tedious illness under which she bore up. heroically on Monday, May 25, at 3:lvp.m surrounded by her immediate family, her mother's sister Emily Bullock was also present, and must have been a great stay and comfort to the family, who had so recently parted with the mother, Sister Mar? tha Wells only a few days previous. The funeral was held at the home ori Wednesday May 27, at 2 p. m. Bishop .T. A. Clawson presiding at the services. The opening prayer, was offered by President Anthon H. Lund, and was eloquent" with feeling and consolation to the bereaved. friend paid g Elder .0 . F, Whitney , . a a glowing 'tribute to her life and memory. Elder Rudger Clawson followed him alluding to their long acquaintance, and pleasant association, her praiseworthy life and the faithful record she had made. The music was furnished by the Pyper, Whitney, Spencer and Ensign quartet- - accompanied by Prof. Arthur Shepherd and was sweet and soothing, the first hymn was 'Thou dost not weep to weep alone," then "0 my Father" rendered by Horace Ensign, Mrs. Emily H. Wood m ansee's hymn "Resting now from care and' sorrow" sung as a solo by Elder 'George D. Pyper and the anthem "Not Dead But SleeDeth. " closed: the closing prayer was offered by Elder Richard W. Young. inll K . life-lon- waftsrr":: .. H-.Welf- . Farewell a word so tender, so sad, :for those who stay but . 'They who Jnev'i'.T i,ia,$unry. There were- eeeniing-l- y no regrets except the absence of Junius F. Wells.or. anything else to mar the delightful feeling and unity, that was very apparent to .all present. Free family history is very interesting, although it does not date back very far. The first known being Grandfather Andrew Free, an only child born in North Carolina about the year 1775, he married Mary Pennington, and they were the parents of Absalom Pennington' Free who was born in North Carolina on the eastern slope of the Mountains. The family, consisting of eleven children, emigrated to the wilderness of the far west, the prairies of Illinois, about the year 1814, and they traveled through a land of hostile Indians, real .pioneers, and were among the first to get farms in the fertile valley of the Mississippi, in St. Clair County" where they located and obtained fine farms along the Kaw river; farmers. .they became The father, Andrew Free, heard the Gospel and was baptized by Simeon Carter, also his wife and nearly all his family. He afterwards moved to Missouri and located at Far. West, in Caldwell County, in 1836. While livinc there Andrew Free met Joseph Smith the Prophet whom he hadnojt, seen before, and the Prophet came up to him, shook hands with him, looked him in the face and said, 'Brother Free, you are a real "Ephramite," and one can believe it by his numerous posterity. The family remained in Missouri until the expulsion from that state in 4838, and then returned to Illinois, remaining there until 1815, when they went to Nauvoo, leaving in the exodus with the body of the Church. The Frees:'are a very affectionate family and loyal to each other, and to the Church of whichLthev are members. The reunion was a perfect success and will promote love and harmony among the younger generations, as well as a knowledge olf their progenitors, and be helpful in the work for the dead; which Patriarch Absalom PFree greatly desired. - fragrance, in fact the casket was covered and the room filled in every nook and corner, the swel'teslperfume of flowers everywhere, the gifts' of "her many dear friends, and what can be' more emble matic of purity and loveliness. "Flowers preach to us if we will hear." The pall bearers were six of her brothers: Ilulcn S. Wells, Louis JL Wells. Gershom B. Wells, Melvin D. Wells, Charles and Victor P; Wells. The grave was dedicated by Elder Joseph Ilyrura Grant and the beautiful hymn "Rest o.n the hillside, rest'' was softly and sweetly sung by the quartet, 'the casket was lowered into the grave lined with. the sweetest flowers of May. God's unseen angel o'er our pathway crossed Looked on us all and loving them the most Straightway relieved them from life's weary load. are within the door Tbey are not lostj-theThat shuts out loss and every hurtful thing With angels bright and loved ones gone before In their Redeemer's presence evermore And God Himself their Lord, and Judge, and King. - lister Grant 5 go Feel not the pain of parting; it is they -- Who stay behind that' suffer.". "Fare thee well; The elements be kind to thee and make Thy spirits all of comfort." : . --T- he X'um-berlan- well-to-d- o UNIQUE GATHERING At the Forestdale Amusement HalU just south of this city, on Tuesday afternoon, July 9, 1908, there were assembled between two and three hundred of the Free family to celebrate the 79th birthday of Sister Hannah C. Free Wells, (wife of President Daniel IP. Wells) and daughter of tire late Absalom P. Free,' a veteran in the Church from the early days, and a man well known in Utah, whose descendants have now become very numerous, the. gathering was to perpetuate his memory among hi3 posterity. The reception began at 2 p. m. and the banquet was scheduled at 4 p.m. The large and commodious banqueting hall was beautifully decorated, and there were roses and other fragrant .flowers in all available places, and upon the tables,' that were literally loaded with, appetizing viands in great variety. The hospitality of the Free family has always been proverbial from the early-Hayin thealleTandTsdoUbtless-a-part-- of the Southern life and inheritance. Sister-Betsof Absalom Free,was Strait Free,-wifa most hospitable Southern woman, bom in Kentucky. There were five tables filled with the de- scendants of the Free families, and it was a the scene was wonderfulsight quite a remarkable one to look upon. There were white haired men and women, and younger married people with families, and fine young men and fair maidens and children of all ages and sizes down to ' tiny 1 babies: ' Free's, Young's, Wells's, Smith's and other names of married children and grandchildren too numerousto mention. Among them are many sweet singers and. talented musicians, and also dramatic ability,- so that the program of exercises needed no out latean tne side help. There eveningvand altogether the' party was a com- ' plete success alLaf bund. The real guest of honor was Sister Hannah C. Wells, whose birtnday occurred on mai the gatherday, which had been chosen for recipiing of the "Free clan." She was the of many ent of several beautiful gifts and wishes, and good hearty congratulations a among the gifts was very large birthday cake handsomely decorated and her name and age upon it, made and presented by her -- . s e to-beho- ld, . ' . . . : - was-flanc- mg , y RELIEF. SOCIETY NURSE CLASSES. Salt Lake City, March 14, 1908. ; The Presidency and the General Board of the Belief Society, announce that the riet Relief Society Nurse Class taught under their direction will commence "Monday September 21,, 1908, in Salt Lake City. Dr. .Margaret C. Roberts will be the Instructor. It is requested, that the Stake Presidents will at once consult with their Ward Presidents for the purpose of selecting intelligent, bright, and energetic young, women, of good -- 1 ?" training. . In recommending this course in nursing given through the Relief Society, it should, be remembered that the students graduated will have the privilege of paying for their tuition with their work among the poor, and will be gaining a practical experience that will be of benefit to them throughout their professional career. The' tuition for the course 'in nursing will be $10, and it is expected that the Belief Society organization in each Ward will pay the $10 tuition fee for its representative, although any student who wishes to pay the tuition herself may do so, if willing to accept the Relief .Society Nurse contract, a , copy of which follows: ; : d 