''HV'-'-".''.-'--"- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 66 her native land and kihdredr.and toVry she was readyto jnake any sacrifice re- "commandments of God. In ad versify,; in poverty, with s i k . , ( f; quired. Such wo men are" a joy "along- t he faith never Mfed..La. pathway of other people's lives; J they help comend with, her to lighten th? load of care that i3 a part of ways looked upward .from 'wheR.' V, all our lires here in this mortal existence. wciild come. In" some instances her faith was child lik We cannot cherish the memory of such grand Women so sure was she of results; but it conqrr-rind noble women too sacredly. any company, and heartily welcomed ; 'infused ah element of . cheerfulness by her nature. 'She was d buoyant and indeed a host in herself, and entertaining in any circle wherever she 'Went, geniar'and brilliant- - in conversation, animated arid . beaming with good spirits in her counten-ance, so that itjjid qneJgood even "Jo look into her face; her'fnenda cahneveFforgenfer cordial warmheartedness in all places and at all times. Sister Howard was a gifted voice,and epeakerhad a full, round-tonewas never at a loss for words to express her . -- ' " : whole-soule- wlihaveaccump Howard died away from home while filling an appointment for the Relief Society. Elizabeth Anderson Howard wa born at Cariow, Carlow, Co., Ireland, July .12, 1S2". Died in Grantsville, Tooele Co., Utah, March 12, lSt?3. . Although jt may appear to many even of our own people that the women of the Lit- y Saints are much alike, and that the record of one serves as a sample of many, intimately, one yet to one who knows them ' i t T ana eacu one a nnas mem very cusuncuve; study in herself. Even Puritan women are dissimilar, and each has her peculiar traits and personality, Long ago when the office of- the Woman's Exponent was on the corner of State and South Temple streets where the Alta Club is today, I wrote a biographical' sketch of Mrs. Mary Ann Angell Young under her own direction, and she approved it, and now I wish to tell in a few paragraphs my personal impressions of the life and character of this illustrious woman; wife of President Brigham Yoimg, founder of Utah and its first Governor. Mrs. Young was the Puritan type in the extreme religious sense; he was' of,. a decidedly spiritual nature; and when younger must have been the "maiden type too personified; had she remained in her home in Providence, Rhode Island, in the Baptist church of which she was a member, she would probably never have married; in fact she had made up her mindTnever to marry, unless she could find "A man of God." I met Mrs. Young first in Nauvoo and was greatly impressed by what I heard of her from those who had known.her- in KirtLtirment- - inhr-wn-hom- e. Mr. Young land; and when in closer association at the did hot even care for the Gardo after she hite time of the exodus and journeying westmoved into it, and preferred "th'e ward, and in nearer proximity during the House on the hill, yet she had filled with period of our stay in AVinter-- Quarters; and credit the highest social place, of distinction even after until the time of hejdeath, I feel as the wife of the President s'of the Church no hesitancy' in calling her one of the famand the wife of the Governor of the Terrof ous women the Church; one who came to itory. There was no assumption of power in great honor and who bore all trials, privaher manner, no arrogance, she simply acand tions, honors, aflluence, like 'a Saint of cepted the honors with the modesty of the God in meekness and humility. '.Her benAll her naold fashioned Puritan mother. evolence, was far reaching and unquestionture and inherited ideas revolted at the able,, always apparent when the slightest thought of show, or of doing things for the 'call was made upon her, for assistance; like sake of appearances; she, had the New Engher illustrious husband who said he would land ideas and reposefulness of orpropriety, "rather help nine who were unworthy than to manner, a touch of that shrank Quakerism, ' let" one who was worthy suffer." 'Mrs. from : notoriety. Young in her early life had been a student The writer hall many long talks with Mrs. of the Bible, a Sunday School teacher in the alYoung while preparing the biography Baptist church in Providence; and she had luded to, and realized and appreciated more been particularly interested. in studying anthe striking worth of one who had made, fully cient prophecies therefore 7 she: compretremendous sacrifices for principle, and had hended the Gospel of Jes'as Christ oi. Latter-da- y such unbounded integrity, such implicit Saints when she heard the Elders faith and confidence in the; mission of the in it its fulness. She also jourpreaching, .Prophet Joseph Smith arid his successors in to Kirtland alone as Phebe Carter office. I neyed feel that it is a good part of really Woodruff did. higher education to get to the heart and of Mrs Thinking Young as I knew her in inner life of such . noble and'good women, the various trying ordeals and circumstan who have 'stood side by side, and shoulder ces through which she passed, I can truly to shoulder with the greatest men in tn8 say .she was of the exceptional spiritual Church7ahd in that we rethedispensation type, and a most fitting example of simalize and know is to be the greatest of, air plicity of faith, that believes without quesAll honor this1 earth. dispensations . tioning, and would make any sacrifice of her to such womenupon as Mary Ann Angell Young-.n pr.-n- ce ! -. j Elizabeth Howard was one of the few women in the early days who dressed well, who hid rich clothing and handsome" jewelry,' yet she carried herself in such a becoming manner, that one never FeTt emT)ariassed because she was better dressed; she was generous in giving to her friends and to the needy; it seemed to be a part of her nature; her .house parties and garden parties were a source of delight and pleasure, she knew perfectly well how to. entertain either small or large crowds. In those days when so few people could entertain sumptuously, the Howard-hom- e on Cottonwood, wa3 a resort for the young folk3, who wanted to have a good time. Luckily for the Howards there were no street cars, aud the; distance from the city was too far to walk, but those who could drive out enjoyed the hospitality pf the Howards, and those of us who loved rare china, cut glass and silverware and fine. Irish table linen, of which there was a scarcity in those days, were sure to be favored with a sight of these luxuries on occasions when Sister Howard entertained her special friends. Sister Howard was what might well be termed, once your friend, al way 3 your friend, a good comrade, she was worth cultivating; was strong in her attachments, affectionate and sympathetic. Her faith in ;the Gospel was firm and steadfast, and she loved to labor for the cause of truth, and the advancement and onward- - progress of women's work in the Church. Sister, Howard was one of the formost champions of equal suffrage and participation of women in the affairs of education and government. She was a fine missionary, never cared for the hardships of joumey-ingwhen jolting overrough roads in lumber wagons, she was a most delightful companion; she had always been, and was during her life a great reader, and her mind was stored with useful knowledge, history, peotry and fiction, and her Irish wit was helpful in keeping up one's f spirits when "everything went wrong. We lhave been together in some dangerous places, but her courage was always equal to the hour and the difficulty, and she was so' full of vigor and elasticity of spirits that one felt more confident of the outcome being favorable .after all, because of her assured optimism. A lover of nature and outdoor freedom, she rejoiced in beautiful scenery, far away from the'maddingicrowd- - l was perhaps this element in her that made her such a good traveler even under difficulties; she was a woman who enjoyed life in its complete fulness; yet over and above all sne ar predated the Gospel? and believed and accepted all the principles revealed in this day And dispensation through the Prophet Joseph Smith. Notwithstanding her light-h- e artedness and buoyancy of spirit which carried her easier over every rough place in life, yet deep down in her soul was the undying love of the truth, for which she left -- open-hearte- d s, . Jt . erf A striking illu-- t ration have had to meet. of thw and of her or when manifested was of' mind she.mira u! .!.- i.I UU.T1) savin iiii uu.'iiuiw n iin, riir ijg of in an attack with him apoplexy and "to all appearance he was dead; He himself de- elared rrfterwards that he was dead, was no'sign of life whatever.. After ;the toil? and hard-hip- s and of and driving? ;Kfrtiand,T "Piir'Vt-- t the Nauvoo and. and experiences of :h" exoWinter of dus and Quarters, whfn in the of the SaU LkeSaints 'became more valley and Brigham. Young wa. rpade prosperous of the Governor Territory, and it fell t the lot of Mrs. Mary Ann Young to entertain the quests of the Chief Kxecutive of Utah or "I'eseret j&he vd quite eual to" thp situj ation, and though the home was primitive, '(for the term of 'office began before the Hfe Hive was built) the white house on the hill was the one mansion then, jet Mrs. Yourg seVmed as much at ease in "doing the hrrrs of the Governor?, home as when the brethren and sisters in her log cabin in Winter Quarters; and let it be remembered Brigham Young entertained all the great not people of wealth", rank, only those who came hither, but many'cf those who passed through this way to California and the great Northwest. Mr.--. Your.' had the happy faculty of adaptability, and she was so well versed in Scripture lore, and in the Book of Mormon, and had passed through such varied experiences, that she was ne;ver at a loss for subjects of conversation in any company. Sister Young was afways dignified, as much so in the kitchen as in the parlor; she was not .a woman who sought or cared for publicity; she loted re S'ster self-possessio- ' .' lj d of record on the, pages of history. j tr.-r- j : ! uwh-bmg- ter-do- - . j. 1 ..." 'l. i " j j - j and-station.- - . . ' -- . -- - ,. -- r : ri c r . d sentiments. 'V'f ? ' ? i 