WOMAN'S EXPONENT. on it. was stamped upon her brow- she wan highly Maine Sister Tay:khe?X'Mtt ;bU pWWtws from her own educated; cultured andSned. and it" was very evident acter, wonderful capabilities, stanch int point of "view: Certainly Mary Isabella lor wa3 also English she held i and heroic fortitude of endurance. Ilfaleg Hbrne waa: in herself ...a pillar of in her mannerand appearance; and I at- grity, Under the most severe trials she bor& herselL very lofty and independent views, strength, one saw it in her firmly built figto the fearlessness majestically. She had the inhere'rit'ejuaii-tie- s ure,- her open countenance, the poise of tribute this ina measure of her Puritanical ancestry,"" that fought people- from whom her head, and . the way it set .upon her of the (her father, was a shfp captain); as for freedom and liberty in America, and re.shoulders. ; Her brow denoted wisdom, (I am neither .phrenologist, nor skilled in also the greater freedom and liberty given belled' against tyranny and oppression in . little Isle of Man; England before they came. any science 'of a similar kind) but I can to women on the tight Sisler WoodmiT traveled to Rutland ,Ohio iee thing3 clearlywhen Fthow the people. Ihey. had rigbtsTnrivileges nol accorded" To me it seems that the first glance of this to other women in Great Britain or ofi the from Maine alone, having been convinced of The House oi Keys', ' the truth of the gospel; and that was 'at a grand woman would assume .one of her sub- - continent of Europe. of the Isle of Man i3 deas timejwheh means of transit were not so safe stan 31. Isabella Home was a born Ieadera signated, is composed of landed proprietors, .for a young maiden, but she had no fear and this one step in her life was indicative sort of General , among women and indeed and women, who are land owners, have alin this respect might surpass most men, of ways voted for members of that body and of her tnie character. She was a woman of active energy, deteextraordinary ability; she really was intensely formerly, so history tells us, women were Sister rmination and independence; industrious, members of that August Assembly. English, though ehe.was, as we say, Ameriand in jiictthrifty, hadex eel lent, judgment canized. I should call her a perfect Eng- Taylor as j&xceedinglyintere3tirig in fond of good company, and very in affairs and good business ability, such lish" type. ''""SheprobabIy came of a race of strong, valiant, heroic men and women. I hospitable; she entertained handsomely even, Women were needed in pioneer life. Sister Woodruff had a varied experience, know not, but would judge so. At 11 events when living in a log cabin. I recall a small in journeying from place to place with her she was a woman who couf i stand alone for party at her home in Winter Quarters, everya principle in which she believed, opposition thing was simple, but managed with such husband and family; and she once accomwould have no t fleet to weaken her, when skill and dignity that one only realized the panied him. to PIngland when he went upon' Sister. Taylor was his second mission to that country, and later once she had made up her mind she was charm of the hostess. Such women are .sorely needed very companionable to young people, she to the Eastern States going as far as her naright. Sister Woodruff was in the battle of life, when there are wrongs seemed gifted with a sort of vivacity, that tive homen Maine. You could rely upon her was attractive to .youth as well as those of a stanch advocate for the rights of her sex, to be righted. and her people. The speech she made in integrity and uprightness in all places and her own set, even though she was of a reat 11 times; fearless of the foe, no crouch- ligious and devotional nature, and she had the old Tabernacle protecting against the ing, no half measures.verywhere she main tbegreateist reverence, for. sacred things. passage of the Cullom hill has been alluded tained the dighityof her position, in what- These elements combined make for the high- to., by writers and historians as a masterever place she was called to fill. A woman est excellence in human character in men or piece. It is aid of the Fabyans, her mothof great force of character, and wonderful women. er's family name, that they sprang from .the . The women who have figured conspicuousnoman noomiyana onecouia easny oeneve, ability, such a one a3 might stand at the head of a great institution and carry it on ly in early Church history of these latter Phebe Woodruff had the blood of conquerors successfully. Full of fidelity in, friendship, days, were far above the average, and one in her veins; at any rate the writer has abun'one always knew she would not fail in anv .cannot but feel they were called and in fact dant proof of her native Yankee wit, which of the relations of comradeship, or sister-- , chosen to assist in ushering in this last dison some occasions serves one's purpose bethood Her tenacity of purpose and her pensation. Through trials, difficulties and ter than argument, or bursts of oratory. grasp of great arid grave questions, problems journeying from lace to place, they have Among the women of Zion she excelled in evenV were of abbh order of statesmanship. been heroines in fery deed. Siste Leonora many respects, was well versed in the scriptEven. President Young once nominated her Taylor was a most loyal and devoted wife, ures, and in public work among the sisters for Justice of the peac.e,and in character and and her husband had desperate need of her was sound on all doctrinal subjects, and ability to judge, she was not unlike Deborah help when he was wounded Jn the prison at wi-- e in counsel anu iaunruiin ine aiscnarge of old, or Queen Elizabeth of more modern Carthage, at the time of the martyrdom of of, religious duties. She was one of the foretimes, who instituted and carried .forward the Prophet Joseph Smith and his. brother most women to fill positions of trust and some of the greatest reforms. Hyrum the--1 a triarchy Who can minister- confidence in the early days in the valley, Sister Home can appropriately be callejt"a to a ma.n sick and distressed, so gently, so also an excellent housewife, knew how to stalwart, a champion for the rights of her tenderly as a loving, devoted, meeft all the needs of primitive home; carown sex, and indeed for all m'ankihd. ;Wifei "and especially one who like Sister ding, weaving, soap and spinnings Withal she was a woman of a strong relig- Taylorposseseed all the requisites of woman's candle making, dyeing, she was a pillar of strength ious nature arid had the utmost reverence noblest nature intensified. to her husband and family. The heart of for sacred things and holy ordinances Leonora Taylor was present when the her husband could safely trust in her. as the everlasting hills in the faith of the was in Society organized Nauvoo, Illinois, Phebe Whittemore Carter Woodruff was March 17, 1842. Her name stands third on born March 8, 1807, in Gospel. Scarboro, Maine, died Sister Home ha& a fine presence on the the list, only Emma Smith, ancl Martha in. Salt Lake November 10, 1SS5, City, Utah, platform, or in the pulpit, spoke with great' Knight before hers. earnestness and was wise in her utterances, lister Mary Alice. Lambert niece of Sister with in the scrip- Leonora Taylor somewhat, resembles- - her NOTES AND NEWS. prophetic nature, familiar tures and handled her subjects well- - Like aunt, and has that beautiful of Taft is. supposed to agree with Roosevelt others of her time, she was undoubtedly a countenance that one might termexpression beatificjalso on most He also agrees with woman of destiny. Although Sister Home her niece Sister Ann C; Woodbury reminds him in questions. regard to woman suffrage. filled many public positions, yet she was one of Sister Taylor in some of her heroic Rev. Anna H. Shaw has started on a Iec; a mother in Israel utterances, and her lofty fearlessness, that is essentially a brave and renowned, as thousands can inherited from the peop;e, and ture tour through the Southern States. She International the greater privileges of citizenship their will attend the meeting-of-thtestify. Mary Isabella. Hales Home was bore in foremothers enjoyed in that Suffrage Alliance in Holland in June. past. Nov. Rainham,' Kent, England, 20, 1818. Grand women thesenhree. Leonora Miss Sally Word was last week elected Taylor Died in Salt Lake City, Utah, Aug. 25, 1905. stands in the front rank among celebrated assessor and collector of taxes in Palestine, heroines of the Church, George Elliot Texas, and Mrs. E. H. Turner and Mrs. P. says: "A woman's rank lies in the . fulness Comparatively few of the women of today of P. Tucker were elected members of the know even the name of Leonora Callister her womanhood; Dallas board of education. Seven members Cannon Taylor, but in the mind of the writer Therein alone is she royal." constitute the board, which disburses from she is intimately associated with Mary IsaLeonora Callister Cannon bella Home; they were great friends and. Peel Isle of Man, October Taylor, bom in half a million to a million dollars annually 6, 1796, died in and is not in any way responsible to the good comrades from Canada to the Salt Lake bait Lake City,' December 1868. The election general city administration. Valley. We of an older generation knew of these three women followed an opinion Leonora Taylor as a magnificent woman; Another remarkable .woman was Phebe given out by the Attorney General that one of commanding presence, and a counhittemore Carter Woodruff she was of Puri-ta- n under the constitution of Texas women "are tenance beaming with intelligence; nobility descent and came from,. "away down in eligible to municipal offices. Ta&S'' ' , - ;8he-spran- sea.-fearin- g: g ; " the-Parliame- . , . con-versatio- n, -- -- -- royal-hearte- d ; ;rm . Re-li- ef .. - . , . home-make- r, sea-feari- ng e far-awa- y ' -- - , 