T- - ....... i ; WOMAN'S EXPONENT. T. AN P TAPH. 1)V LENA ' inn nuLu fm rn GRISWOLD BROWNE. Vjthin a country churchyard small, Where faded rose-leavgently fall, rS':" and narrow lies alow Then? mound, V children Which softly gather round, es And Grangers trace the well-wor- n To read this sweetest epitaph: path . "Below, the body of a child we lay, Of whom her playmates often say, tender girl, to heart and memory dear) 'Twas easier to be good when she was here." (A cannot tell how long has been her rest, fell upon her breast, Nor paint the picture of her form and face, of this sweet child of grace; Or tell I Since first the only read this 0 brother mine, with all thy wealth and power, Which after all but answer one brief hour, Twere better.that thou rest without a name. Thy deeds unknown to all but household fame,. If but a child shall whisper o'er thy bier, " 'Twas easier to be good when he was here!" OUR DARLING MARIAN. The" memory of this beautiful little girl endure with those who knew and loved her as long as life shall last; the sorrow of her departure from among us has stricken the breasts of those nearest. and dearest in the home of which she was, one of the choicest treasure's, The verses we use in connection with this notice of Marian seem very appropriate to her, She was good, and one of the choice spirits sent from above to bless and happify those unto whom she came, and never was a child more welcome. Her parents and grandparents almosj idolized ner as a Daoy. Nothing was ever too good for Marian, and she grew from' her infancy to be a distinctive personality in the' home. She was very attractive and made friends everywhere she went; her grandfather made a sort of companion of her from her bahyhood, as long as he lived. Marian must go to gather roses in the flower garden with him. and : i iU. f i c i ner, iu lue rarest nowers were.ior laui, all her short life it seemed but natural that she should have the best and choicest of everything, and she grew- to be companionable to hft hoth old and vouns. She was fond of elderly people and paid them was noticeable. A foreign lady artist, advanced in years, who only knew the child casually, said of her, "she was the most respectful to age of any child she had seen in America. " Marian was naturally religious; she loved Sunday School and Primary, she was gifted one might say with musifl thai amounted to a Dassion. was studious at school, reveled in storybooks and wasfond of play and "exercise; never still, an4 uncommon child , in many ways Quant and original, and even dramatic. We had not thought of her dying, perhaps because she was rather delicate and had lived through several serious illnesses. Marian Buchholz was the daughter of Q. W. and Isabel Sears Buchholz, and the grandchild of Hon. S. W. and Isabel M. Whitney Sears, and was the eldest of three children. She was born at the residence of her ?mndnarpnts: Mr. and Mrs. Sears, iri East Waterloo, August 2, 1898. Her death was the result of heart failure, while suffer- will n-- 1 - def-erence-th- , 1 i favorable reports were made by the. presidents of the 9th, 31st and 33rd wards, afte r which Counselor Zurviah GEardley delivered a lecturen Prayer, followed by Sister Nibley, member of the General Board. El- - . der Milando Pratr'of the high" council 0 f Liberty stake, and Sister Annie.T. Hyde,' of the General Board, bore , their testimony. ' After singing the dox'ology, and benediction by Sister Jessie .West, conference ad- ' journed until 2 o'clock; , Conference at 2 o'clock by M0 singing ye mountains high" and prayer 1 by Sister Margaret Buchanan. Sister Harriet Harker, of,, the General Bbard, gave us some timely instructions in regard to our work, followed by a lecture on Home, Wife and Mother, by Sister Emily Davis, which was much enjoyed. Sister Annie K. Hardy, of the Ensign stake, epoke to us for a short time, and Miss Ke.ddington rendered a solo.' Elder. Charles W. Symons, of the High Council of Liberty stake, and Sister Peters, of Salt Lake stake, urged us to be humble and prayerful, and spoke words of comfort to the Belief Society workers. A solo was then rendered by Mrs. Bessie g, - witnessquaint and rare "Twas easier to be good when she was there" As pilgrims in a strange and unknown way Pause at gome holy shrine to kneel and prav, So here I bow, this prayer upon my lip "(J rant me this seal of Christ's discipleship,' That for some soul the way was made less drear, And easier to be good, when I was here." ' I .--. heart-breakin- rose-leave- s' the-"name I .. qumsy uuu jlonsinus, anai was very sudden, She passed peacefully away at 8 .o'clock on Saturday morning, December Mi 1907, aged nine years, four months and twelve days. Her father was absent in Bingham and had to receive the painful news by telephone. The fathers family xeside in the east, so none of, them could be present at the funeral except a sister Miss Buchholz who was here on a.visit. The blow to the entire family was almost unendurable, but great griefs, though seemhave to be borne,, and ingly sorrows though gather like great storms and. break upon U3 suddenly,- they purify U3, if we-- will but submit to them, as the storms the air. is true It that sorrow is purify the noblest discipline; though our 'natures shrink from it, it is none the less a discipline. Those who have suffered are like those who. know many languages they have learned to understand and to be understood. at . . "There is no flock, however watched and tended, But one dead lamb is there; th ere - is no fireside, howeo'er defended, Hut has one vacant chair." Marian was dressed in the . beautiful, delicate things she loved, and in the pure white casket looked angelic and fitted, for the divine presence. The last hymn she gang for" me, playing her. own accompaniment on the piano, was, "0 my Father;" now she ha? gone where she will. join in the sweetest music of the heavenly throng. The funeral services were held on Tuesday, December 17, at the. residence on 8th ." East, in this city. Stake President . Joseph S. Wells, uncle The rooms of Mrs. Buchholz, presiding. in embowered were literally flowers, gifts of relatives and dear friends, as were all of those who took part in the services. The singers were H. G. Whitney, John D. Spencer, Hattie Whitney Saville and Rettie The opening hymn was 'Sweet and low," a touching prayer was offered by Apostle Orson F. Whitney, and the speaker was Elder Junius; F. Wells, who drew in the course of his remarks a vivid picture of trn Savior surrounded 'by the children whom on one occasion, when 'visiting this continent after His resurrection, He took in His arms, one by one, and blessed, Elder Wells portrayed the scene so clearly, that one spiritually inclined could both see and feel the transfiguration. Elder Horace S. Ensign sang as a solo Marian's favorite hymn, "0 my Father." andjElder John Q. Cannon pronounced the benediction. At the cemetery the singers rendered "Beautiful Land of Somewhere," and Elder Joseph 13. Wells dedicated the grave, which was lined with lovely flowers and covered afterwards with, those sweet mementoes of love a last tribute ol sincere affection to one who dearly loved the beau-tifE. B. W. in .nature and in art. " Py-pe- r. ui Browning. Pres. Musser made a few closiLg remarks, thanking, all who had helped to make our conference a success. Conference adjourned for six months. Lizzie Robwns, Secretary. fJRANITE STAKE. A program; of unusual excellence char-- , acterized the recent quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Granite" stake, which was held in the stake taberna- cle on December 10, 1907. We were favored with the presence of Sisters Bathshe-b- a W. Smith, Annie T. Hyde, Priscilla Jennings, and Julifja L. Smith, of the General Board, and" fourteen stake officers. An eloquent address on "The Blessings of the Faithful" was given by Bishop J. D. Cummings of Wilford ward. Two solos were rendered by Sister Juliet C. Carter, and some excellent remarks were made by gome of. the visitors. J. The afternoon session was taken up by the family of the late George A. Smith, in continuation of the "Lives of Our Leaders. A biographical sketch of the life of George A. Smith was read by his granddaughter, Solo was Sister Irene Merrill Richards. given by Sister Bessie Smith, Apostle John HenrySmith paid an elegant tribute to the memory of hisfather.said; Geo. A. Smith was a worker a man who was never overdone or underdone in his duty; a man of energy and sound judgment, absolutely fearless in. defending the right. An honest man, who feared his God and none other, who believed implicitly in the divine mission of the ' Prophet Joseph Smith, and who loved the work of God more than all else in short, a . , -- v Saint. . V Sister Bathsheba W. Smith followed with many interesting reminiscences of her husband's life Julina" L. Smith also paid a tribute to his memory. Latter-day -- R. S. REPORTS. 1 .... - and-laborsand::S- .S. .. .... V LIBERTY STAKE. ". ister LibThe singing was very good, and was led conference The erty stake Relief Society convened in the by a choir composed of Relief Society chorSecond, Ward meeting house, December isters 'and singers of the different wards of 6, 1907, at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.with Pres. the stake, under the direction of the stake semi-annu- of-th- al e Annie S. Musser presiding. The soloists' for 'the morning session were Miss Claudia , Hoge and Miss Woolley. After the opening exercises, etc., PreSi Musser made a few opening "remarks and" feelingly 'welcomed the sisters, and very j - chorister.- - The attendance was excellent; and all went Jhome feeling repaid for coming. It was a dayjlong- to be remembered by all who wert present. Lucy.M. Green, Assistant Secretary.. . - 