WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18 mim of Renowned-womelife," thus bVcMmnVVarV of' their' very exis- lone'or the children tence. yTho 'association was of kuch a lofty, the Prophet Joseph Smiths the imbibed in 'and sacred nature, that in yielding to his of Brother and Sister Partridge n " childhood's days, those pure principles of and naTarrlfi .liia 'hpranrf A fntTjfted UnOIl the Gospel that grew up with them their hearts. Thi3 has been noticable in that have descended upon their posterity. One could not help feeling when in the some instances, and .the writer hag in mind - company of .Sister Emily Young,that she was nrnnf-nf this imnressionkm 1TT V rpri' f7 I J. . J J jrmtrprfnl whom one could repose implicit a woman-i. ism. a Be that as it may, there is no doubt that confidence with entire safety, ghe'was made a both Eliza and Emily Partridge partook in very handsome woman, one who both of a large degree of the spirit "and teaching ot fine appearance even in. homespun, make and material. Industry with her the Prophet Joseph Smith. and teachings and miniatrations, - the tendency V i -- h ' - was a virtue, 6he was an early riser, They were earnest and devoted followers active in all household pursuits, possessing of the principles taught and promulgated by the Yankee characterthis great and holy man of God. They were in a marked degree istic of thrift and. econonomical withal all altar the on sacrifice to and willing ready last longer Firm a the rock of ages in making things go farther or of their faith. In the days associates. the principles of truth revealed through him than many ofdier when everything was manufactured by band in this dispensation. . in the home, she was equal to the situation, The memory of all puch holy .women the her carding, spinning, dyeing, and Latter-daSaints should cherish and honor. plain or fancy stitching, knitting, After the death of the Prophet the Saints darning, and candle making were all soap bewere expelled from their homes, and the of the very best, never, or rarely ever a loved city and Temple of "Nauvoo the failure in any of of the various depart- Beautiful" was left behind, while the exiled 'ments of the work of the primitive' home; people wandered in the wilderness, until neatness and .order in its perfection in the they reached the promised land, the valley apartments of ''Aunt Emily" Young, of the Great Salt Lake. whether in the log tow, the Lion House, But I am digressing and touching on re- or when occupying her own house later in miniscences instead of giving you pen pictlife. Like her illustrious sister she rememures of the women whose names have, been bered the terrible scenes enacted in Missouri, and could relate them in private Sister Eliza Maria Partridge Lyman was conversation in a most graphic style, but a woman of uncommon natural ability and could never be induced to speak in public, spirituality; she had much force of character yet her friends and admirers were confident and great fortitude and powers of endurance, she could have made a most interesting was able to cope with difficulties and to bear public speaker. She certainly had much, disthe burdens of others. The heroic type, to tell of her vjvid experiences of the cir. Puri-of her cumstances that transpired in her childhood playing in her life the attributes was She tanical ancestry largely developed. and youthful davs, and of which she had look in and her of to a tower upon, been an eye witness. strength life displayed those virtues and characterisSister Young was finally persuaded to humband illumine forth the shine tics that write an ' Autobiograpdy which was publest home, as well as adorn the palaces of lished in the .Woman's Exponent in 1885, the great and the noble of the earth.Much running through several numbers. This grand women did not shrink from of this interesting sketch is devoted to the colonizing and doing frontier work wherever changes and vicissitudes and jonrneyings she was called to go in connection with her of the Church, and the persecutions of the husband and his family; and such a wife Saints, particularly of the Prophet Joseph and mother would in the natural course of Smith; and her own father, Bishop Edfamily life have sons; that would make. their ward Partridge, and correspondence between way in the world of mankind as distinguished these two great men at that period of time. But it is not my object to rehearse these from the common place masses of men, and daughters as noble and. pure as herself. Such things, but to present a sort of pen picture women as Eliza Partridge Lyman are likely of the'w'oman herself as she impressed the to have sons that will attain to meritorious writer, that our young wOmen may have a distinction. She was undoubtedly a woman glimpse of her beautiful life of of destiny, she had the courage of a martyr, and devotion to duty, and her delightful Sister Emily Young was a and of one, who was not only ready to die personality. for an unpopular principle of her faith, but woman of mighty faith, and of unbounded to live for it,, and to bear the ignominy and charity towards those who were unfortunate, slander of those who persecute and condemn afflicted or erring; one of her estimable thnsA nf nther faith." nnrl Irnow nnt wKv virtues was that she never spoke ill of any The names of these illustrious heroines who one, and invariably reproved the young peohearo! the Prophet's voice, and listened to ple around her whenever she heard slanders his teachings, making divine principle the repeated. Her motto was, rule' of their lives should be held in honorspeak no ill, a kindly word able remembrance by all Israel, and especi- "Nay, Will never leave a sting behind, . t. ally should the Daughters of Zion emulate But breathe to each tale we've 0, heard," examDie- ineirvirtueaanaioiiow-in6i-r TFffir beneath a noble mind." Among those saintly women of the early As to a grand and noble woman, possess-7- : days in the Church whose lives have stood for' righteousness, and who have never ang all those delightful traits of mind and wavered, no matter how trying the ordeal, character, as well as devotion and activities we count as one of the very foremost the that adorn motherhood and home life, and name of E iza Lyman. that make for the be st in social surroundElizi Maria, Partridge Lyman, horn April ings, of all these qualities, she was the very 20, 1820 in Painesville, Geauga Co., Ohio. embodiment and exemnlificatiori in full k City, Millard Co., Utah, March measure. ,2, 1886. One ought not to deplore the innate modhand-sewin- y . -- - self-sacrifi- ce . g, not 'and would not come before the public; that is. not to be considered for' a moment in estimating the woith of womanhood. Sifter Emily. Young was in every way genial, a truewife and mother, a womail who"' was ' obedient to every who walktd uprightlj, and - com-mandmen- Died-at-Oa- - ,: t, worked righteousness, who was more willing to attempt to teach. In the , to listen than opinion of the writer the was the type of the Puritan woman, pt something of the Quaker type, quite ui modest and aj delicate in sentiment,' a Longfellow's Elizabeth in "Tales of a Wayside Inn." Sister Emily Young certainly intellectual gifts that lay dormant; on rare occasions with her intimate; friends one became aware of her latent talents in this direction, but she' was so timid and oversensitive, that even women who could inllu-encseemingly the most diffident ones .among the sisters (Sister Eliza It. Snow; totally failed to bring out a response in any public manner from Emily P, Young. Though' she greatly admired these gifts in others, and was anxious to have incidents of the early days related for the benefit ol our young people, yet she had no confidence to speak for herself. Emily Young Undoubtedly been encouraged earlier in life to cultivate her gift for writing, she might have given to the world reminiscences of the most thrilling episodes that have ever transpired among the Saints, a3a personareye-witness- . As it is we have a beautiful life toocontem-late- ; among her many virtues we can number patience, resignation in times of great sorrows and trying ordeals; fortitude, the courage of religious convictions without any reservation, purity of life beyond all question. Sister Emily Young taught her children faith by precept and example in the ways of the Lord, and she was one of the most distinguished heroines of the Church, she valiant for the truth, and unflinching in her integrity to the Gospel, and as firm in her convictions of the divinity of the mission of Joseph Smith, the Prophet as are the everlasting hills; for the faith an l ' the principles-thereo- f sh$ made great and noble sacrifices. These notable women who , have passed away deserve the widest recognition from those who are living today, and to have their histories written by the jnost talented among our people, for they have helped to lay the foundation of a superstructure that is to stand throughout all time, and have helped to establish eternal principles that reach far beyond this mortal life, into the Celestial kingdom. For these two great women whose names and pen pictures are linked together here, what better can be said than this, that their "children rise up and call them blessed' and all Israel say Amen. v Emily Dow Partridge Young, born in Painesville. Geauga County, Ohio, February Died in Salt Lake City, Decem28, 1824. ber 9, 1899. ..... old-fashion- poi-se?f- d e had-Siste- r . , . . . l0v-able- . '.. ' The Independence League of .Illinois has put a woman's suffrage plank in its platform. Mrs. Alice B. Clark, now ..serving her second term as superintendent of schools for Garfield County, Col., has been endorsed by" the normal institute for state superintendent of public instruction on a non- partisan basis. . 