WOMAN'S .'0 EXPCg.-- : 1 no" moments to hereof "meansoh'hand, hut contemplated a bazar had daWife.That she and in dancer passing her wonderf ul, courage craveu. im for the winter Glendale reported unity and what for nernaiure to even spare never waverea, and trials difficulties, through.. 1 C. Kimball, love, Mother's .Work, getting well started ... i I. U fo Ileber f f letteVstoherhusband, n U W uuok J BO. matifrjlQ rip. muuiuame ujc, eans gathered by d on a t i on r Ma j) 1( t onTno chjn t hei an 7m clsa to be overcome might appear;, she, was when away liom reveal the gift of poesy, officers present, prepared :tb report, li'm and heart of the always "e'quaLto ; every; emergepcywhever 3Creek:reported good be'ing:accompHhed1h latent in her soul. the occasion called lor or requirea. Thinkiniof "Aunt Vilate" as I knew her Mother's' Work,' unity .existingand means Sister Eliza was so highly gifted in poetic raised by a teir, alsqby donation. ' verse her language so elq- - I should describe her1 as a bearer of burdens, being Oxford, reported unity, means gathered bv .. . auent. and subjects so lofty, that she deserv laden down with the burdens of others. tall i i. i .1 a r., . eju aisu la j , nau aonaiiou. ntht,nt was KimbalF beautiful, Vilate PoeSister "Zion's of edly won the beautiful title fine Work somewhat neglected but doing better among and graceful, with fair complexion and les3," and as such Btands Preston'irst ward reported at present. her forethis people. Her poetic style has been said hair that lay in soft waves about means gathered by donation, to be Hebraic, and she herself was not un- head giving a touch of elegance to her ehape: unity; accomplishing much good, attendShe ly head."" She fed the huhgry, she clothed like the Jewish type in appearance. comforted her husband in all ance not as good as usual. possessed an innate refinement, and delicacy the needy, she Preston third and fourth wards gave simof feeling- and gentility of manner that fitted his trials throughout his long public career. ilar reports. Riverdale reported that their her for any society even among royalty: in A model housekeeper and hbmemaker, a conversation shechose the loftiest themes loval friend to women, ready, to hear their work was not as good as they Would like. Rule had been adopted for each one to dowhen she was in company with congenial grievances and keep sacredly their confiden ces. She was a strength to the daughters of nate lOcts at the close of meeting held first . spirits who loved sacred subject's. Sister Eliza R. Snow, was a bora leader, Zibn in her own household, and elsewhere. week in each month. Swan Lake had just been reorganized. and one might say a general, a commander, If of any woman we may use the saying of Treasureton reported few in number but and was also a very efficient organizer of Solomon in Proverbs xxxi. chanter and 29th good work being done; no poor; had puwhich her work along those lines is proof verse we may sayjt of Vilate Murray Kimrchased sacrament service and carpet for positive and needs no verifying. Her extra- ball "Many daughters haye done virtuously meetinghouse. ordinary powers and strength of character but thou excellest them all. New Weston, not fully, organized due to death, Co.. Born in Florida? of Montgomery the and firmly established convictions "principles of the Gospel gave her the confi- York, June 11808.DiedLinSalt Lake City,. unity existed, Mothers' Work doing much.; quilts on good, means gathered by donation,' dence and assurance, if one may use the October 22, 1867. ' hand. Whitney reported unity, success in term, To acVinllepencIently in places, and at Mothers' Work, means gathered by dona times, when other women woujd have falter-e- d tion; nr hesitated to.nndertake suet heroic efTHE THINGS THAT COUNT. Counselor Lucy D. Parkinson gave a talk of forts. That she was a woman destiny the BY CLARENCE URMY. on Morality and the care of children, which" -- writer has no doubt Her great reverence for was much enjoyed by all. the priesthood and absolute devotion to the Not what we have, but what we use; Instructions regarding teachers and the Not what '"we eee, but what we choose principles of the Everlasting Gospel amountthat-maor bless These are the things use of meari3 were given by President Bened to a consecration of all her time, talents, The sum of human happiness. 'Vj son, also asked secretaries to be prompt with and life itself upon the altar of her faith. their, reports. The things near by, not things afar: Bom in JBecket Berkshire Co. Mass., Not what we seem, bat what we are Afternoon session, President Louna B. Jan; 21, 1804. Died in Salt Lake City, These are the things tjjat make or breals, Benson presiding. Singing by Fairview Utah, December o, 1887. That 'gives the heart its joy or ache. choir. - -- Prayer, singing and other exercises. One more woman, whose name was once Not what seems fair, but what is true; : The Relief Society Stake report was given known throughout all Israel, and who in all we do r Not what we dream, by President Benson., All parts fully organthe womanly qualities that make up the sum These are the things thatehine like gems, ized; excepting Weston, where death hick Like stars, in Fortune's diadems. of human happiness in home life; and who claimed the" President, but work was being should be mentioned, among the very first Not as we take, but as we give; well cared for. .:. Much good was being done of the grand and noble sisterhood of early Not as we pray, but as we live by the several organizations and stake offic..These are the things that make for peace, days in the Church, is Vilate Murray Kimers were encouraged at all being willing to Uoth now and after Time shall cease. ball. She was a woman primarily devoted respond to every call, although better to home and its best interests, but with ' ' still for. hoped and for to tender feel the large enough A talk on what it takes to make .a good R. S. REPORT. woes of all within the sphere of her activi- - j Relief Society was given by Esther Rogers, ties; a woman of unbounded charity, not ONEIDA STAKE, president of first ward of Preston. Solo only for the needy and unfortunate, but for the weak and erring. Relief Society conference of Oneida Stake do what you want me to do, dear Lord, She never failed to minister to the distressed whether temporal convened Nov. 2, 1907, at Preston. First Serge B. Benson. Last poem of Brother H. W. Naisbitt en-- " or spiritual help was needed, and seemingly' session was an officer's meeting. Devotiontitled "Mother," read from the Exponent by she always had the necessary supplies. She al exercises were'held with the priesthood Hawkes was in every sense of. the word the "Lady and other Stake officers. When convened Mrs. Junius Jensen. Sister Mary Bountiful.' Her intense sympathy with all for regular work President Louisa B. Ben- spoke on the power of Relief Society work,; of emphasizing Mothers' Work. A sketch suffering and compassion for the unfortun son presided. was ate was in constant exercise; and the calls First Counselor Hannah Mickleson re- the life of Harriet Henderson of Clifton then read by the secretav A quartette was made upon her time and strength as well as ported the General Relief , Society Conferto furnish actual provision in times of scar- ence held , in Salt. Lake October 3, 1907. rendered by Patterson, Griflith and Co., Local officers were asked to report briefly President' Parkinscm" addressed the confercity, can reyer be estimated, even by those ence on the the subject of "Motherhood. who knew her best. - She was so modest on Unity and Mothers Work and and discreet withal.that only those who were Encouraged and blessed the mothers, to replenish treasuries. near her, ever comprehended, the almost Franklin ward had sent a: written report George Dalley, A volume of blessings, given by President superhuman efforts she made to alleviate showing unity,. success in Mother's Work, Bathsheba Smith to her Relief Society sisdistress, and comfort the sorrowing and plenty of. means on hand, by donations. ters was read by the secretary. broken hearted, especially those bereft of Clifton reported meetings heldrmonthly, Choir and congregation sang "Ouide us. loved ones, widows. and orphan children. not much accomplished yet in Mother's Sister Vilate Kimball was a true mother Work,, hoped from now on to have 0 Thou Great Jehovah.' Conference adbetter in Israel in its broadest and best sense. She success. A fair had been held to remunerjourned for six months. Benediction President Chas. D. Goslind. was intensely devotional, and ' religious in ate the 'treasury, Cedar-vill- e existed. unity character, and her faith was founded upon .Linda N. Benson, RecSec meetings had not been held reg"the rock of ages.' .a woman ularlyotherwise doing well, donations for Naturally gifted intellectually,- but though she Was sufficient, means. poetic in temperament and sentimental, her Cherryville ' reported as just having been considered the The life was too full of activity in the routine of. organized. 4th-I- t Question of woman suffrage on February family and friends, as well as those who . Fairview sisters were united, much petihad is good women that reported 50,000 to for her the clung positive needs of every- - resulting from. Mothers' Work, plenty of tioned for the ballot. ' - 1 4 ,V Mn V, ' g-ua- ge ; - and-compositio- t-- pre-emine- .j nt ' Moth-ersMVo- . rk , - , . , -- j. -- , . r . -- . " -- but-goo- d , work-wa- a-he- . -- . . : means-adopte- d -- ' . - French-Parliame- nt : s 