writp for ike vaBef oman's Exponent LV-Vj- luMUhed monthly in Salt Uke City, Utah. Terms: 50 one copy one year, If. 00; one copy fdx month-No reduction, made for club. City pap rs'deJhenMi by mall, extra for postage' one year, 23 ets. Advertising rates: "Each Mjuar.j. tea lines of spare one time f50; per mouth, $3.00. A literal discount to regular advertiser. South Temple Exponcxt office Iioorn 509 5 10 a. B m.to pvin., every, mines hoars from Street:. . day, except Sunday.Address all busings communications to et. non-pari- " - ; sirs, iz.ii. . Salt ' Entered at the W a$ itcoUd rlat$ matter. Salt Office wells; Lake ' . Cjtv, "Utah. ik Salt Lake City, I'i'iJ, Lake City, Utah. JCKK, l'JOS. IMPORTANT NOTICE. ; Saints Hospital. The Hospital has a training school for Latter-da- y nurses, and efforts are being made to affiliate this training school with the General A course of train-- , Church School System. ing is given" at said Hospital covering a period of three years, and efforts are being mad8 to' reduce it to two years in the near future. The sehool year , commences September 1st, 190S, and there is still eight more pupil nurses needed to make the number. The desires to give this request publicity through the columns of the Woman 8 Exponent and Mter3 will be sent giving fuller particulars to Presidents of Stakes, that they may understand the situ-- , ation more in detail. This Hospital training will not in anyway interfere with the Relief Society nurse class taught under the auspices of the General Relief Society by Dr. M. C. Roberts, which commenceilaterjn September as advertised ir this nnmber of the paper, and is especially in the interest of charity as its first object. More concerning this subject will be published in the next issue of the paper. .. Relief-Societ- ' ! A WORD TO THE RELIEF SOCIETR. In the month of Jnne, 1872,- - this little paper first made its appearance, and President Brigham Young anticipated the sisters subscribing liberally and making it a great enterprise in thenterests-o- f the women of Zion not only in "Utah, but wherever ; the Saints were located; Hi wished the sisters tbhave a knowledge of affairs in general at homeland elsewhere, to. know, too, what other women were doing in the way of higher education and advancement and to keep r, abreast of the times; i The sisters were urged through the meet-- : ings held at that period . of time to -- -- J ; -- i el of woman's work. ' " - 7 President Young at .one time in jconversa-tiorxwit- h the editor suggested that the lives of prominent women in the Church, those who had associated in the early days in active measures for the benefit and es- tablishment of Mormonism, or actual labor in colonizing, or in a religious or moral sense, to p:omote the interests of the building up of Zin, should be Written up that a history pr true record might be made of value to posterity. Considerable of this biographical work has been done, but in many instances, our young people who have so much and read so much, fancy lighter reading than histories of women's lives with whose names they are more or less familiar. Therefore, more recently the. editor has undertaken to write in a dignified manner, so to speak, her own impressions of such. women, who helped to h lay the foundation of this work in the great leaders among distinguished men of their own time. Women who have opened the way Jn many Tines for tbeTyounger generation of the present period. They really do not know what they owe to those women whose names are household words in Zion. It is earnestly desired that the sisters in all the wards should take a more active interest in setting subscriptions for the WomanV Exponent and sustaining it as a means of spreading knowledge, not only of the work of the Relief Society itself which is the greatest organization of women in the Church, (and we think even in the world) but because this society carries the light of the Gospel along with its tea'ching into every home of its members. It was organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith before any of the women's societies or associations in the outside world, and can any Latter day Saint doubt its being through revelation? Such a great society must have an organ to keep up with its development, and it should be sustained by its members, so that there need be no delays in its regular pilblication7"Printing"is"n6t llorTeTwith" out money, although writers, poets,, etc., may go hungry, machinery does fnots run .. iv itself. The sisters in all parts of the world ire benefitted by the Woman's Exponent; it is the actual agent of thesociety,keeping bev fore the society the importance of the organization and its methods of work, and. the success attending the efforts made in all the various localities. It may be prosy, but so is all useful work, but the results are what is looked for. There might be books upon . books issued ,: but they would not keep pace" with the growth of a society as a journal does. It is not for the sake of stories or poems though they embellish and. help over dry reading, it is. for the actual nrnorpsbeing made that a paper is'.most needed. In view of these facts and many more that i mignt ne stated, the Exponent asks for a more liberal patronage, and a larger circulation, in the Relief Society which it represents.. L"'i. . connec-tion.wit- The Presiding Bishopric of the Church have called upon the General Relief Society to use it3 "influence in securing a few more pupil students of the L. D. S. College to take the two years' nurse course at the Dr. W. "II. Groves . " - , " IN MEMORIAM. EMILY WELLS ; EMMEL1SE B, WELLS, Editor and Publisher g WELLS'CAXyOX. Assistant Editor, , improve them 'andto G KANT. ; ''Death is the crown of life!" -- r t i Saintsbelieve death opens the portal to eternal life, and yet we. mourn for those who go: out. into, the unknown, J JThe Latter-da- y while we believe they, are welcomed on the pther side, as we welcome and rejoice when an immortal" soul is born into this world, where we know 'there is trial and sorrow, awaiting all .who cpme TTtlFin" our nature' to mourn for our loved ones when the parting comes, yet we do.and must acknowledge the hand of the Lord, even when the nearest and dearest are taken. ;What shall we add now? She is dead" Death-seem- s to close, our lips, at first, and we can only exclaim, all is over she is gone; it is useless our doing, our grief, our teirs, they avail naught, yet we weep, we sigh, we mourn, jt seems to give relief to our agonized hearts, although we realize our weeping is in vain. We cannot bring them back, we would not, if we could. Our beloved Emily has gone where there . is No more weeping, no more'Eighing, No more agonizing fears And no requiem for the dying Chanted 'mid the falling tears. - , , Angel escorts bearing banners Kvery entrance watch to eee Onp whn rompth with hnonnrum Marching on to victory! If we could look within the pearly gates, that open to the heavenly mansions, we would be humiliated with our own weakness, but we are so intensely human, and. those are taken whom we' fain would keep, md we cannot help exclaiming, what avails, now she is dead: Sweet Emily, how brave she was during her long and tedious illness, patient and tender always, trying to. bear her affliction with the fortitude of a saint of God. How fondly her relatives and friends 'sought to exercise faith forherrecovery.hoping against hope for weeks and months, praying earnest- o tnerLord to spare her lor tne dear cnn- ly-t- ... y Vr W - fc. V '' AJk. Sister Grant had every thing to live for, a noble and kind husband .who seemed to. anticipate her every wish, beautiful daughters, brothers, and sisters who almost idolized her, and hosts of friends,who were devotedly attached to her, for she had such charming, ? attractive qualities, and. withal a fine sense of humor, and could use it tactfully to the t i 1. j. : i.: oitnose lAi jl wnom snecareu iu picasc, uuuiirauun she was a great favorite in her girlhood amorg s and the crowd of young people, campanionsrshe never lacked for" attention- 1 school-fellow- nere or there, wherever she went, winning m her manner and a graceful dancer; she had many accomplishments as well as home adornments. , ; V ': The few years she passed abroad where her husband, Apostle Heber J. Grant,, pre- sided over the European mission, gave cer the opportunity to see the world and to be- - Saints, at the headquarters in Liverpool; and those going upon missions and returning; and she had the faculty of endearing Mrs, Taft deyotes part of every day to the herself to them all and invariably they study of languages. Spanish and French spoke of Sister Grant with sincere affection are her favorifps Vow mido and high regard. Those few years brightenWhite House have been, familiar with the ed her life greatly, and when after returning cuuuiiemai tongues, and still fewer with to this city and meeting again bpanish, the language of South America. U mother, and the dear ones here; she became ', . ; :. . her-bless- ed 