WOMAN 'S EXPONENT. "We might1 wellof the poet Milton - quote: these famous words in this connection:- - its peerlessness,- in ?hort;'it mi a "yyii)o"bL arid is styled classically ""queen ;of .flowers." To .clmose which verse tVere best to quote, or w h ich conveys most exquisiteness of sentiment', one cannot tell as one reads the poem over and over,' but we will venture to give one or two verses in this. random writing.-- "What thoii biddest 1 Unargued obey; so God ordains; ;..il is thy law; thou mine; to know no more I g w n m a 1' 8 Iiappicst'kn o w ed ge a n d ic r j r ai? e. " , ; 1 Mary Ann Angell Young, horn in SenM-a- , York, June S, ISO.. died in Salt Lake.City, Utah, June 37, 1SS2. . N,;w. " In this full tiiiii', thL hey-daof the year, " xv'tn tne harness wrought A!yj.Uu' '" TftiVJvnTi ItV vvTlTi WVvfl'l'l'l All earth pos-i-?.- -, in luxury of thought' -- y A BOOK OF VERSE. "With honeyed wealth hart "Strange lives that come to make a round ' plete; com- , Hlossorn and ilower surviving numberless; 'Tis but a world all pallid now they greet, Companionship Jo keep with weariness." 1 1 . Mr. Lambourne requested the writer to o -' . read the poem "Cicidas in Home Sweet Home," when alone at night; we informed him we' had already read the poem when alone very late at night, when the full moon was. bright, since then it has been read more than once, and we think that,the author-ha- s drunk deep draughts at the Pierian spring. Than this wherein a thousand transports crowd? Th" loves of dead ancestors once more live, . Within my heart, they cry to me aloud.'1 N "The Fields Lethean are this moment mine, A6 though my soul emerged from out the wave, By that bright "shore, where starry clusters shine, "The Isles of Peace, that Lethe's waters 'lave.' "A sweet forgetfulness from self I lind, Lost 'mid the cadences of verse and song; The overliow from one glad heart combined. With" gleeful clamor of night's winged throng." leel justly proud of the book the production of one of Utah's geniuses, and believe that the coming generation of the sons and daughters of the vales Mr. Lambourne may of the West, born amid the grandest scenery, on the American continent, with a goodly legacy of knowledge "bequeathed to them through' the efforts of the founders of this commonwealth in establishing educational institutionsmay be able to fully appreciate works of- such poets as 0. F. Another verse we must .quote which, the classical Alfred Lambourne, and Henry W. struck, the writer as quitfj an original idea 'Whitney, Naisbitt, after they are1 gone, as they do and very fanciful. not seem to while they live. :J One wonders hol- d- ! why dead poets are more widely, honored blossoms these tlvat secret the vhat "0, arid recognized years after they have passed, Which they unto the primal purpose oe. leaves untold. away, than while they sojourned among 0, what the occult life these ' From golden age that antedated woe? . their contemporaries. k - : The Editor. Jt appears that the author has selected : three flowers to'express beautiful and pure d every line contains thought-foothoughts, for M student of literature'. The second season, Ine uose, mmsum-me- r blossom, the favorite flower of many people and indeed of iiations.one might say; its richness, its splendor, its ravishing beauty, ad : , All-wis- IJueenlike, regal in her mien, human-ity- Jet . with- - ty showed the exquisite touches oL the; Mas- ter's hand., ' She was as the. sunbeam breaking through the cloud. Her pure, chaste life was ever an inspiration. As a daughter she was all that the name implies, alL that a daughter could be. As - wife, the helpmeet, companion, and counselor of her husband t A mother, tender, true, wise, ideal. To parents, brothers, husband and little ones, we feel to say: Whereas, our Father in His wisdom and love, has. called her home to labor in a more exalted sphere, may you be able to bow in humble submission to His divfne will.' And we, earnestly nrav that on each achincr heart may be poured a healing balm, even the comforting influence of the Holy Spirit, that you may, even now see the silver lining to the cloud which overshadows you, and be able to say: "The Lord gave and the Lord taketh away; blessed be the name of the Lord." with thy bruised and bleeding hearts, Couldst thou have seen the messenger that O, loved ones, came In shining robes, direct from Father's throne, Hadst heard the thrilling voice call Louie's Princess Letitia; who is also Duchess and Honorary President of theTied-montes- e branch of ' the Italian National Council of Women, presided , at the recent Goncress of Women in Home. of-Aosto- name, Thou wouldst have said, if thou hadst under' stood, "It is the Lord; do Thou'as seemest good." But veiled by dense mortality,' thine eyes Beheld, not, through' the 'bitter, blinding tears: The same dense clay permitted not the sound Of angel voice to penetrate thine ears', jNot tears. nor 6ob prevented, but laws abound That man must walk by faith, not eight nor sound. And 'so the angel came unseen, unheard By all save thy dear one, whom he didst guide Across the shadowy river, to the throne Where harp and crown await on yonder side, She saw, heard, and recalled her former home. And smiling, whispered faintly, 'Lord, I come. We mourn, we weep with thee in thy deep loss, We know the grieving heart yearns for its own; Know that the aching void can ne'errbe filled Save by our Heavenly Father, He alone Can soothe thy grief, speak peace urito thy soul; Can heal thy wonnds, and make thee truly whole. And so we pray that strength he given thee, That heavenly dews may on thy soul descend; That through the clouds, blue sky may yet be . "With moisture strange the lilacs (ill. mine eyes, A gladsome dew that glistens into tears; Entranced I stand, lost in a sweet surprise, from out the While joys divine years.'.' ;' e the decree of an Father; have been called upon to part. for a brief season, with one m9st truly loved.- - "Vhat dearer moment can the future give, ' "members of grief, thatjwe, the ofiicers-anthe Relief Society of the Weber Stake bx Zionr express our heartfelt sy mpathyr and extend words of condolence to those whom we love, honor and revere. Those who in " In harmony they come with this drear morn, When wrapt in chilly mist all nature grieveer delivers to the year her latesfhorn, -.Nipt hv the hoar frost, hid by the drifting leaves. n profo'dr-'?tf!tTr- f ' d Chrysanthemums' lives beginning. when the others die: . well-know- life the moments teem,-Anto heart melts in delicious swoon. 01 Mr. Lambourne speaks gracefully of the "A-Boo- feelings-o- in, . 'Tlet" and "Poems f of Lilies' The new. book of Verse," but "has the simple title the contents are in every icspect superb. The frontispiece is an exquisite portrait from life of the author, and is in every. detail perfect, and in every touch and expression. It is the work of M. M- - Young, artist and sculptor, a native son of Utah, and a geniu3 in bis line of art. The title page and inscription are by Lee Greene Richards, whose name and fame are. becoming in Utah and abroad; they"" are very unique, and give the impression Of someIllustrative designs here thing classical. and there in' the book are by the two artist3 who are doing much in helping to make Utah famous-- , J. h. I lar wood and Lee Greene Richards." These designs are dainty, in fineness and add much to the artistic the delight taste of the book itself, and-tof the readers of the poetic eiTusioirs so exquisitely wrought into verse pictures. The Contents given by the author are: I "Three Season's Flowers," dedicated to Lillian. II "Cicidas In Home Sweet Home" To Minnie. We regret that we are not competent to give the author's own "ideas of the illustrations, but as we gaze upon them we find they speak to us in a language we are incapable.-of putting into words,, it is the language of the soul. ?The first poem in ''Three Season's Flowers" is the lilac, and one must read it to get.an idea of its soulful significance, it speaks volumes to a lover of this garden shrub, when in flower. The writer can only quote a verse or two of what appeals most tenderly to her: with' bis. story of Holly and Easier with' " vKister whom shone all the virtues known to Can aught of fear or strife disturb love's dream, Made. perfect by the roses, gift of June?" lis general appearance is concenieu it i MEMORIAM. - The writer closes this delicious poem with the verse which is probably the climax of the poet's .idea.. Alfred .Lanibourne, poet and artist, has another new book surpassing. in style and value, in all respects, perhaps, any of the smaller volumes of his, previously given to the public; !.tbe book must be classed as artistically beautiful, and it is in keeping. so lar as TM - - 1 G7 ," v. seen; Instead of song, may psalm thy lips attend. When rightly teTBpered both by heat and wave, Thou'lt meet again thine own beyond the grave. . Nellie Becroft. In Los Angeles, the Jewish Women's Foreign .Relief Association, of which Mrs. Bertha Hirsch Baruch is president, has opened an attractive new settlement house" at 738 Turner St. It is named for Moses Mendelssohn , the famous musician's grandfather, who brought the light of modern culture tonhe Ghetto Jews in the 18th century. The house was opened with appropriate ceremonies, and addresses from prominent men, Christians and Jews. 