WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' ' Sighing lor a little love, , Life's grey to turn to blue;. Pleading for a liUle glgn, To tell that thou art true. So, I gaze upon the Btars, Yearningjor a uandolVh it. s. meeting, The seventeenth of March introduced to our locality in a rather ustered 11 ' fulerjifit Unchanging life of love; Fills my heart with' strongest pain-- It ' flutters like a dove Worlds mu6t be where dark'clouds ne er Blot out the ravs of light, . ... Longing 0, tny soul art' thou To gaze upon the sight. . Know I this the world is fair," But there is much of pain; Spirit love, O, faith inspire, Sing thou no sad refrain! -- r True thou art, ! doubt 'Twas but a passing sigh; Ever love is sanctified, When faith binds. fast the tie. thee--not,- - Lydia prayer President Pierce of Salem'Tfcpokea few words of welcome. v. President , Dixon spoke a short time on oumeed for sriiritnnl food arul fhft nprPRaifv of attending all the different organizations.President Pierce' reported Salem Ward. Fourth .Ward of Spanish Fork by Sister Jswensen, President Ann Bingham, Renja- niln WfuTh7Tbo truthfulness of the gospel, also releated the story of Job and his faithfulness. Song by Sister Christiapson and others, entitled ' Ye Must Be Born Again." Sister Evans, one of the Stake Board,, some of the prophespoke cies, concerning the coming of the Savior and his births also spoke. very beautifully on the vision of Nephi, and related the greater part of it; als(Tthe Prophet" Samuelr the Lamanite, and the coming of the Savior on this continent. ' Recitation, a sister from Spanish Fork, entitled "Crippled Ben." Exercise on parents class work by Sister Hughes of Spanish Fork. 2nd ward, on habit", which was given very beautifully, with numerous illustrations. Morning session closed by .singing and prayer. -- That glitter in the night, 'VVand'ring if appeals to thee, Their radiance eoft and bright. . 59 I). Alder. THE GOOD OLD DAYS. What blessed days days! Near sixty years ago, When by the fireJights ruddy haze Our cheeks were all a glow; And youthful hearts were bounding high With hope and lightsome cheer, For down came snqwflakes from the sky, And holidays were near. log-cabi- n ; n the-celebratio- !' - " . Fond memories so brightly come, Like radiant beams of light; Oh there was some one coming home To greet me Christmas night, Some one who months and months agone Had sailed across the sea Returning with his mission done-- No w coming home to me! What pretty dreams of pleasant sport, Of coasting down the hill, Of sleighrides to the old town fort, And skating by the mill, Of spelling schools to show our might, In education's lore; The dance at "early candle light,''' And payments at the door. A "tallow dip" it was perchance, Or produce from the farm; Secured the ticket for the dance; Thus adding to its charm; For very oft our lot had been To dance by eagebrush blaze, WThile feet kept time to violin In early frontier days. Those good old days, dear youthful days, Of coarse and homely fare That simple life its primal ways In joy finds no compare; when father tilled, and motiier seweq, And bravely met each fate, Togethtr bore life's heavy load, , Through early hours and late. ., .. .'..-For those they loved 'twas joy to toil No struggle seemed too great, They gained their substance from the soil, And learned in faith to wait; 'Twas God sustained them day. by day, His light had led them here, He was their strength, and staff, and stay,. Through every changing year. Sweet, dear old days, the best of days , Of beauty, love and truth, Now long since. flitted from my gaze Oh dear old days of youth When under fond and sheltering wing We knew but love's caress, What sacred bliss these mem'ries bring Parental tenderness! r co-labore- .'' s self-deni- . " . Ellis R. Smrr. al . " - - 1 Parental wisdom too was brought To guide each youthful mind, ; Then truth and honesty were taught Life's choicest pearls to find. Oh guileless days dear, good old days! Like beacon from afar, They give to life exalted phase, They.'point the Gospel f tar! rs - - - v . .... t . ; - The winds blew a gale all day lone as if his aianic majesty Had sat in council with ins to frustrate of the grandest day for women that ever dawned for woman since the great mandate came, let there be light when darkness fled and light pierced the gloom. ' As the voice of spring cheers and invigorates so does the return of this memorable day bring comforting reflections to the memories of those who were fortunate enough to belpresent at the meeting, held. March 17, 1842,-- when-t- he man of God stood in their midst and declared that he was now ready io organize me sisters. And ev.er since the utterance of these words that fell from his prophetic lips, woman has kept on in the path of advancement and freedom of thought held out her arms, and a veil seemed to be drawn aside and light beamed, woman then seemed to realize her true position'here on earth. It was to commemorate the birth of this eventful day that the Randolph Relief Society assembled at two o'clock p. m. on Afternoon session: President Eliza J. March seventeenth, 1 90S ' Dixon presiding. -- We' continued our services The meeting was presided over by Presi with our usual exercises. dent Celia A. Spencer. Sister Hallen spoke on the duties of parOur stake oflicers being all present, it ents to children, and the environment of the seemed to lend zest and influence to the oc- home. Said, we should have our homes our were remarks given by casion, opening clean and the Spirit of God there. Our honorable Stake President Sarah Tyson, her homes should be a heaven "on earth, not discourse was replete with the spirit of her shut up our best rooms from our children high calling. She referred to some of the and be careful what kind of pictures we sayings of our beloved President Joseph F. have on our walls. Always tell our children Smith in regard to women's work, highly re- the truth, leach them good language by commended the great work that was being example and never let our children-heaaccomplished by the Relief Society in our vulgarity in the home; also teach them the stake. Her indefatigable labors along with word of wisdom by example. Advised cookin "regard to relief work is her ing our food on Saturday and keeping "the admired. be to certainly something Sabbath day holy. Related an instance of Our annual fund was explained by Stake answer to prayer. Counselor Hannah. Telford, she also added Song by Sister Emma Peterson, entitled some timelv remarks. "Hold Thou My Hand." Sister Mary F. Shelly recounted some of Sister Cappel spoke on our duties to. our the trying scenes, Sister Amanda Smith children; also said as much as we do our passed through during the Haun's Mill part in the gospel we will be blest; referred Massacre. to a sermon printed in the Deseret News by the said spirit Elder Richards, believes the time is coming President A. McKennon and inspiring, when the judgments of the. Lord will be that prevailed was heavenly and poured out upon the people and it will be all another one love to exhorted the sisters continue in their untiring work of charity. Teach the children we can do to escape. to confined were remarks to nay tithing and when they grow up to be Bishop Gray's the holy mission of woman, the men it will not be hard for them. the of, encouraged she in was that possession BishoD Tavlor of Salem spoke for some sisters to take advantage of the nursing time, said he: had enjoyed the remarks of the course and be prepared to nurse pur sick with former speakers; believes that example is wisdom. He referred to the great impor- stronger then precept; referred to the retance of the mother's work among our young sponsibilities of parents. We are of all peomarried sisters. . ple the most blessed and we should be very and cream ice At the close of the meeting thankful that we have our homes among the of the the auspices cake were served under people of the Lord. Spoke of people among . local officers. us that don't believe in prayer, asking blesAn old time dance was enjoyed by all in sing on the food dr paying tithing and its Thus ended another of the influen.ce on our children, we should pray the evening. well spent days which only the Saints of without ceasing. lt God can enjoy. Recitation, Violet Gardner, entitled. The Louisa Gray. Wav ward Son." Brother Hanks spoke on the Relief Society 'work; also said that fathers and mothers RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. should be the greatest teachers of their chil.' "V , Minutes of Quarterly Conference of Nebo' dren. of Salem the thanked people Sister Dixon Stake Relief Society held at Salem, Utah and hospitality manifested at for their kindness Co., December 13, 1907, commencing '' President Eliza J. Dixon pre- today. 10:30 a. m. E. A. HAWKiNS.ICor. Seer siding. co-labore- . . ."'.--- . ' . ; "" :r 