Woman s Exp onerit Wunse wnVk . WELLS, Editor ind Publisher EMMELJNE ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. wn oieniug juixy Thev donot spare tteiSCCi'W, mey Uhnra cannot be estimated iheyv are when the box yy nyy iS ve nving m bePenea; If there are any Bisters whoeee this notice un- - and recall having prepared a package for the Jubilee. Pox, the editor of this paperdcires life.-adoubte(lly fed with the bread of that buoys them up in times of need when: 7uhrwisetheir strength migh " I'uWished monthly la Salt Lake City, Utah. Ter?; There are no words of commendation or one copy one year, If .00; one copy fix months, 50 cts. nvnico (nn rrnniA rr inn' run ch for the sisters of No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by the Relief Society, who do these things in mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Well Each .square," ten lines of love and with singleness of heart Advertising rates space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal be called sisters of mercy. K is they might . discount to.regular desired that this day be kept for Exponent office Room 509 TVnipHton, Soutbtemple ardently ,,Streeh',Busine8S hours JroinJO a. m. to 5 p. m., every such eniovment and festivities as seem ap .' day, except Sunday. propriate and fitting to those who preside. to Address all business communications It is sometimes thought that nttie nas Deen Mrs. E. B. WELLS, aecomDlished bv the society during so many .... Salt Lake Cim Utah. years, but that is a mistaken idea;hundreds ' thousands- have been fed, have been Enltrtd at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, These acts ministered to in various ways. L at second f lag tUatUr, of love, "deeds of kindness are not apparent in the same Jway as building houses and Salt Lake City, Utah. February, 1903. libraries and having grain but these count in the.books of the angels, and BOOKLET. AN ARTISTIC cannot 'we comprehend that our Father who fall without His There is for sale at this office a booklet is will not let a sparrow notice.knows every little deed of kindness or sued by our President ofthe Relief Society, even a cup of cold water given in His name Sister Bathsheba WSmith for the sisters to. 4he suffering ones; o And so we Bay again let all women rejoice any-whof the Relief .Society.-o- r might desire to have one. either for herself or a and give thanks on this day, whether in, or iri dancing, and remember espec- present to a friend- - The book is entitled feasting ially those who are sick or in sorrow or in -- Blessings.!!-Published. "A Svvarm; trouble," and those who are for her eighty-fift- h birthday. because oi this or that, minister to, them, There are in the book good pictures of cheer and comfort them, and thus make Sister Smith thirty-fiv- e years ago, also your own happiness more full and com nd . per- - sons for .publication; and to keep on record for future use. f: . non-paii- el JOTTINGS. adr-erti.ser- . ; , With the withdrawal of winter and opening of spring,one maylookrfor many changes, not only atmospheric, but in the political " . . "' " " m ru-an- , - : 1 . -- argu-foundin- " : . , , . be-well'- ' I l I l l l I ;T l h -- -. . . a . i i, i .ru.j i iiip-'iiiii-'i'- ii i aj i "i i i m I -p- f ' v P ' l.f 4 . , m ,uuu tUn vijvjr t:iv u"!!!.Ii?a 1 guuu 41.!. I pleasant for the participants L us h?Pe no4 at our beloved country, and .. coming of and be one prosperity, year may plenty and success for the grand government under which the people have every right possible The statisfor their permanent happiness. tics given of fewer saloons are encourag ing in the sense of temperance, and even of prohibition in many states, and women are doing brave and heroic worK aiong xnesc lme.s of moral reform, even though they nave not vet nn - vj in iour siaiee; uccu ballot. glven l??t?y . mi . IN MEMORI AM. HARRIET -- - vivny n " s -- arties-areprettywell - to I g de- both termined to win, and the people who are not taking an active part will watch with great interest. - There is every reason to presume that the government of the United States will he strong enougli to maintain the position it holds among the nations of the world even if conditions were to change election, ' : one taken forty years ago with Sisters plete. Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. H Young, and. Emily P. Young, and one taken recently. THE JUBILEE BOX. of Price the book, fifty cents.' Perhaps it is not generally known that the Relief Society has deposited in the His- torian's Oflce in this city a Jubilee Box. It RELIEF SOCIETY ANNUAL DAY.; remind 'thie younget- gener-J- , would " " IK ill l t ill Thq seventeenth of March will soon be ti II ill a 4u t,f.u ,rv,; nnnnA hereahd'the Relief Society in allibe world will' be celebrating the memorable occasion,' proper date. This box is safely sealed and The Sixty-sixtanniversary should b$ an oc- iafnhp nnpnprl inAnril 10.0 hv fhp" ann. of the Relief Society." The casion of much rejoicing and no doubt will eral secretary . , 11 be, The very fact of its being organized, dox contains poems, miscellaneous papers, before any such movement for women had historical manuscripts and pictures, alsd a been made anywhere, by any other people letter addressed to the oldest female de or community should stand oat Vas a way scendant then living of the person who pre mark in favor, of the Church "of which we pared the respective package. This jubilee box was the original idea of are members. It should demonstrate clear-- ' WnA onuA ly to all honest .hearted people, women Rnmn Af TTimKnii especially, that it was established by divine secretary of the General Relief Society June u iv ill ,k r it ji i revelation. The Prophet Joseph Smith, io 1siKsn a.iMj without any pattern to follow, called women though the Jubilee Conference of the Church and set them apart by authority .given him was held in April, 1880, yet the Jubilee cele ; ; : from the Lord; v p; bration was on the 24th of July, 1880. The women of Zion are favored of the -- We are familiar with the particulars conLord above any women elsewhere, and they cerning the box, as much of the preparatory should realize and appreciate it, and culti- work' was done in the office of the Woman's vate the giftsund blessings they are in pos- Exponent in the old Council House, on the session of, and thus seek to. magnify their famous corner of the block where' theVDese-fe- t News building now stands, and the Think of the consecrated work calling. given into their hands, to . minister to each writer wer one of those who personally other, to edify and instruct, to study the helped with the work, The "inspiration Bible and other sacred books, to .obtain came to Sister Kimball during the celebraknowledge through, prayer by the aid of the tion, but ''i'-:r7--:'--the box was hot deposited until April, 1881, Holy Spirit. ; Taking the advantages of the work in the as it took some time to.get the matter ready broadest and highest sense, there is no limit and have it properly understood. to the attainment of excellence in wisdom There i3 also a similar box and understanding. The active work of the Provo by Sister Margaret T. deposited in Smoot; that teachers in the organizations, is the work box contains besides Relief Society matter' our Savior loved to do when he tabernacled the names of each officer and member of in the flesh. He ministered to the meek the Primary Associations in Utah Hnnnfxr and lowly, the sick and distressed, in fact, This part of the work was done by Sister 'He went about doing good." Our sisters Zina Williams (now Card) and her loung d as-ther- e me T BROWN, CANF-IEL- The Angel Death p'assed through our midst one day, In quest of noblest soul, whom he might send ; For special purpose to the Father's throne, And lo! he took Aunt Hattie, our dear menu. Not strange that he should choose so rare a ' , ., gem, , Not strange the call, TheLord hath need ol, . thee." ; . - 'Twas stranger that she stayed with us so long, was sne, .bo good, so"pure, so angel-hk- e A very halo round about her seemed: No evil e'er found place within her heart The slanderer in her presence s,ood as mute, Awed by her power, which was of heaven part. ' Of trial, sorrow, pergecution sore, Full Bhare,had she, yet bravely stood the test, Of battlesJuiet fought she gave no sign. . Krave conqueror thou well hast earneu . rest. ' a " - : i n re-electi- on nging kept-at-ho- i and commercial elements of eocietv and th world at large. Already one hears of mora of the campaigns about to be launched. There are several great men being talked of as "candidates "for the Presidency of the United States, and there are strong ments made in print why certain men should be elected, and yet it would appear looking all around that the majority of the of Theo- people favor the Those - who ; admire dore. Roosevelt. his methods andi his administration rank him in ability and fearlessness to Abraham Lincoln, or his equal in statesmanship. Xo doubt there will be great excitement during has invariably the present year, been heretofore, the year of the presidential . ; 