WOMAN'S EXPONENT. C9 ., r.; married oti 1101 acK mbve when ing southward at 'the iin$'oi Johnston's army was coming. The Expo-nes- t extends hearty congratulations and ardent wishes for a long and happy life to- aether, at any rate to celebrate their diamond anniversary twenty-fivyears hence. te -- e Harris and wife left their home and took up their journey westward to the Missouri river: leaving behind the two elder girls, who had married and remained at their homes in Illinois. When the Saints started west from Winter Quarters to the valley Brother and Sister Harris and family came in Presi- company. same company came 'Squire Wells, who upon that famous pilgrimage made the acquaintance of Miss Martha G, Harris, a very modest, amiable, and attractive j'oungirl, then just sweet'.sixteen. Brother "Harris was what we Eastern people called, and after reaching here finally settled permanently in the Twelfth Ward in Salt Lake,-othe corner of what is now Second South and Sixth East, where he resided up to the time of his death. Miss Harris was married to 'Squire Daniel H. Wells September 20, 1X49, it was a very congenial and happy union, in all respects they seemed admirably suited to each other. Their children were Martha Deseret Wells (Mrs. Charles Head), born April 18, 1X55 Emily Harris (wife of Apostle Heber J. Grant), born April 22, 1857 Heber Man- ning Wells, first Governor of the State of Utah, horn August 11, 1859, Joseph Smith Wells, manager Utah Light and Railway company and First Counselor in the Presidency of the Ensign Stake of Zion, born May 25, 1862, Herrrion Chapin Wells, born September 8, 1868, Edna Margaret Wells, born July 5, 1X69, (Mrs. Thomas Sloan), Briant Harris Wells, born December 5, 1X71, Captain 29th U. S. Infantry, stationed now in Manila, Philippine Islands. Mrs. Wells at the time of her decease left twenty grandchildren (three had died), and dent-Bngharrr-Young- IN MEMORIAM. MARTHA 0 IV ESS IIAKIilS WELLS. "The stars are watching the. sleeping saint, And lighting the sleeping brow; But the light of the stars is cold and faint To the glory she drearneth now." "The golden dawn of the day of God Shall smile on the sealed eyes; The. trumpet's sound shall thunder around - The dreamers shall w ake and rise." "The night is over, the sleep is slept, They are called from the shadowy place, The Pilgrims 6tand in the glorious- land, And gaze on the Master's face." - dt is scarcely possible to write satisfactorily of those very near and dear, as there seems noAl.anguage in which to express what one feels.concerning the departed loved ones. Yet a record must be made of the life, that the memory may be preserved and facts for reference,j even thoueh the task is difficult. Certainly Sister Martha Wells deserves most - -- honorable mention among the pioneer woSister men of Zion, and of the West. who Martha G. H. Wejls passed away at the residence of her daughter, Sister Emily Wells Grant, Tuesday, May 12, 1908, at 3 p. m.t was a woman greatly beloved by her family and friends, and widely known and Saints, highly respected by the Latter-daim Her faith. of same the and many not mediate family almost idolized her; she was one to lean upon, always the tender, loving motherland grandmother, solicitous for the welfare of each one and for all. It had fallen to her lot several times to care for the motherless families of her sons, who had been called to. part with the mothers of little children, and babes, and. these little ones received the most loving and watchful care from her. ' And indeed she was in herself most lovable and trustworthy, a faithful wife and deShe voted and most affectionate mother. served with untiring patience ana willingness, all those who needed her care-- as though they were her very own. Martha G. Harris was born in Nashville, Tenn.,Mareh 27, 1832. Her father was McGee Harris, heir mother Mary Giveris, they were married in Tennessee, but had been born in Kentucky. They had quite a little family when they decided to move to Illinois, Wilbought a farm and settled in Marion, liams Co., Illinois, in the year 1840. It;was there the Gospel came to them by Elder Levi M. Stewart, who was instrumental in iiue converting and- - baptizing them. M.Stew Levi Martha was baptized by Elder art when ten vears old in 1842. She was the third child of. her parents two sisters, Sarah J. and- - Margaret, were older, and Mary Ann, now Mrs. Casper Whittle, of William EhV and -- y . , . , , ant Grove, were younger. . rather remarkable feature in Mrs,. Wells' life is that she lias left thirteen motherless A grandchildren, of four families; this seems strange in one family and not a veryllarge family, for she had only six children that grew to man and womanhood. 's well-to-d- "No sighs are heard in the shadowy place No voices of them 'that weep; She lias fought the light and finished the race, (Jod giveth her rest and sleep." pel, both ripe in years' and in "coodwoYksr" and others whom she knew and loved here.' o, . two Mrs. Wells' life has been one of peace and contentment, she was a model housekeeper, and attractive home maker, pleasant and companionable, and one to be trusted in all the relations of life, true and constant in friendship, and firm and unwavering in the faith of the Gospel and in all the principles great-grandchildre- therein revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith in this dispensation. .. .. . in ' When the Relief Society was organized the 13th ward in Salt Lake City, she was called to b6 a teacher, and made her first visits, in that capacity in company with Sister Bathsheba W.. Smith; some years after when Sister Martha Wells, moved to the 12th the Relief ward, she. was chosen treasurer Society in that. ward and held the office un-t- il she moved from there to the 20th ward. In whatever position Sister Wells was called to act, she always gave perfect satisfaction She was a to those associated with her. fine neede woman, and an adept in all domestic arts, and an excellent manager her of household affairs. Her rhome-w- as cheerheaven, and she adorned it by her ful presence and her smiling countenance, and motherly methods of ministering to those who came within the scope of her influence, and who had claim upon her hos'' : pitality. She lived a beautiful, serene and even life, and she has gone to meet her loved ones behind the veil, her noble husband, to whom she gave her undying affection, her children her beloved Dessie, her own baby Hermon Manning, the son of Heber ,M. Wells,-an- d of Byron-- , the son of Joseph Wells, to both whom she had been - a second mother, and brpthers and sisters and her own father Gos- mother, who died in full faith of the : '" The" funeral of Sister Martha Wells was held at the home where she died, on Thursday, May 14, 1908, at 2 p. m., Bishop T. A. Clawson of the lXthjvard in charge ofjhe services. The singers rendered the beaut ' i- hymn, Farewell alj, earthly honors, and prayer was offered by Elder Richard W. 1 oung. Elder George D. Pypersang as a solo, (), my Father thou that dwellest, etc. Elder Orson F. Whitney and President Joseph F. Smith made brief addresses full of inspiration and of hope and consolation to relatives and all who mourn their loved ones. .The sirgers gave a closing musical exercise,. "When the swallows homeward fly," and the benediction was pronounced by Elder Seymour B. Youngi Mrs. Wells looked beautiful in the white casket in her white robes. There were very many lovely floral emblems, tokens of love ' and affecjtionate regard. . 'After the burden and heat of the day, The starry calm of night; After the rough and toilsome way. A sleep in the robe of white," The pall bearers were six of the sons of the late President Daniel H. Wells", Rulon S., Gershom B., Louis R., Melvin D., Victor P. and Charles H. The grave was lined with flowers and covered .with an exquisite blanket of. the choicest flowers. The grave was dedicated by Elder Anthony Ivins. The exquisite hymn, Rest on the hillside, rest, was solemnly rendered beside the grave. CAROLINE E. PARTRIDGE LYMAN. To the memory of our beloveTd Sister Caroline E. Lyman, President of theOak City Relief Society since its organization in 18o, until 1906, when she was honorably released. She was born at Painesville, Ohio, Jan. 8, 1827, anddiedMay 5, 1908. She wias associated with Joseph Smith, the Prophet, passed the early persecutions of the Church. Her father, Presiding Bishop Edward Partridge, was mobbed, tarred and feathered, and. otherwise mistreated for his .' religion. She was the mother of five children, all members of the Church. She was a pioneer of both Utah and California. - 1 "' ; . , . X RESOLUTIONS. ; Whereas, God has taken unto Himseif our beloved sister, friend and mother, therefore ' . be it Resolved, that in the death of Sister Lyman, Oak City Relief Society has lost one of its stanchest supporters, the poor a generous and true friend, her children. a tender, '? devoted mother. ' ; . ' 