WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 4vu"k-yr.uicreeiiu- g . ' a yee ? given-tlittt-tmht- June. 4, . 1908, the 40th anniversary , 1 BOCiai of the marriage of Brother and Sitej W.B.Dou- gall was. celebrated in their handsome new home" N. State Street, in ' a most beautiful way wjthout ostentation or show. The "rooms were artistically decorated with roses principally,, as June is the month of roses. Old .friends" were" invited to participate in the festivities, and many fervent congratulations were offered as well as gifts and The great feature of jmjoyrnent blessings. was the choice vocal and instrumental music exquisitely rendered for the. delectation of the guests, the selections being made- from old masters Another feature that' will always mark the event as of great significance was the eloquent prayer offered by President Joseph F. Smith, dedicating by usual after summer vacation,- , - : st g r -- She full of grace and rich in happiness. He with the sober years of manliness. . Thursday, June 11, was the formal opening ,of Whitney Hall, a new building erected JU tre 18th ward of this city, adjoining the Ward Chapel. The occasion was some- and was in, a way ' thing of a intormal, as the hall is net yet to be dedicated. There were opening exercises of and prayer singing conducted by the Bishop, T. A. Clawson, and "an eloquent address suited to the occasion by Elder Orson F. Whitney, Bishop of the ward for- - many years, giving a sort of history of the ward in the past and explanations as to the name, all of which was verv brieflv summed un ' riecessarily. President Joseph F: Smith spoke feelingly and reverently of those who had rendered service in the ward in the past, and congratulated those who had assisted in getting so commodious a place for social en tertairiment8. There was excellent music, vocal and instrumental, followed by danc .. i . i i ing ana supper. At some iuture time we hope to give a good sketch of this building named for the late Bishop Orson F. Whit ney and his illustrious grandfather Presid ing Bishop Newel K: Whitney. house-warmin- ! , the new home of Brother and Sister Dougall. The evening was rainy outside, but within all was peaceful and enjoyable. The bride of forty years wore her wedding gown of long ago, and carried a bouquet of bride roses, and looked as charmingly happy as though she were in reality the youne bride. The bridegroom bore his honors as grandly as he could have done on that great occasion forty years before. reiularm xt , ', ?j1si oe rrem on Wednesday, September 16, as - re-que- "A-ft-. ac - . There .was considerable enthusiasm, some.-verfine singing by talented young girls and excellent music, and quite a number of veterans were present, belonging to vario.ua organizations.. Some very good speeches -- were made, the President herself being-moshappy in her remarks and several of the speakers particularly the. ladies .gave entertaining reminiscences. The marriage of Zina Young Card and Hugh B. Brown took place in the" Salt Lake Temple, Wednesday, June 17, 1008, the bride is the granddaughter of ' President Young and of Sister Zina D. ll Young one of the most, noted women of her time, in the Church, and the daughter pi President O. S. and Zina Y. Card. After the a breakfast was given-a- t ceremony wedding the home of the bride's mother at which were assembled the immediate family of Sister Zina 'and a very few invited guests, among the number the editor who considered it quite an honor, to be one of so happy a wedding party. The most elaborate congratulations were given and many gifts of lovevfor the.yomig couple to take with them to Canada, where they intend to make their permanent home, and may it be a paradise on earth and the Holy Spirit dwell therein. . B-igh- am . Friday Evening, June 12, the General "Across the threshold led Board of the Young Ladies M.T. A. gave a And every tear kissed off as soon as shed, His house she enters, there to be a light, reception in Whitney- Hall to the visiting Shining within when all without is night; Stake officers, the First Presidency, Apos A guardian angel o'er hie life presiding, tles and Church officials, and the General his hi? and cares dividing." pleasures, Troubling officers' of the Relief Society and Primary. It was a very grand affair on a broad scale, Wednesday from 3 to 6 p. m., June 17, and the music, dancing and refreshments Mrs. C. F. Wilcox and her daughter Miss were all of a high order of excellence. The Mona who had. but just graduated from the Uiah University gave a reception in honor spirit of unity and good 'fellowship was par ticularly apparent, and it equaled if it did of the happy event. It was a very pleasant and enjoyable affair, although the rain pournot surpass, the yearly entertainments or re tentions of'previous years.' It is a sort of ed down in torrents, the ladies came, many Herculean undertaking to give these large in full evening dress; the decorations were affairs and make them a success. Our young artistic and exquisite and the delicacies served in the way of refreshments were dainladies however have never failed to give satis a great tily delicious. As it was Also the birthday isfaction to all invited, and it who of Dr. Wilcox's mother; she assisted in those pleasure to entertain so royally are laboring so effectually in the various loreceiving the entire afternoon; excellent when music rendeVed by a string band, added to from headquarters calities, Jar away; they come once a year to receive instruction the pleasure of the guests who seemed to from those who preside over all. enjoy every moment. It was indeed a.charm-in- g affair and everything was delightful exSaturday, June 13, 1908, wasTrimary day cept the weather, and that was out of doors. for the General Society and Stake officers. At the home of Mrs. John Groesbeck, Jr., Every year the day of the "outing" is looked forward to with- eager anticipation by Tuesday, June 23, a luncheon party was given for her mother Margaret G. Clawson, those from a distance particularly. Wanda-mernow seems a very popular resort for the guests were most of.them Temple worksummer pic nicsand excursions, it hasmany ers about 25 or 30. The rooms were prettily decorated with roses and other June flowers, attractions, and is kept free from This year and the luncheon was par excellence, and lums" which is very desirable. naturally very Appetizing and seasoned with the Primary chose Wandamere', for the entertainment of the Association and guests; the wit and humor necessarily when Margaret cannot Clawson and Phebe Kimball get together; day was not very propitious but one this sort of conversation is good for digesalways have fine weather even in June. There Half the pleasure of Sister M. G. were a large number assembled and more tion. than an abundance of good things to eat; Clawson's parties is the fine viands and the the meeting of old friends at times like these other half is the enlivening conversation, it pleasure and the General does not depend much on her guests. She is a very-greBoard of the Primary is noted for the great has always been popular with the young' interpeople, and now she is becoming very popu- courtesy and liberality extended to all : sisters y ested in this important work for the children - reception was tendered United States Senator Reed Smoot, Tuesday evening, June 9, at the home of Brother and Sister Jacob The affair was unique in many F; Gates. respects, and rather informal, and very de- Iightful. Hon. I nomas Hull was master of ceremonies and did the honors admirably, relieving the. host and hostess, so that their pleasure was enhanced instead of hindered. Olive's band furnished excellent music, and the speeches were short and interesting, wit and brilliancy interspersed. The speakers were Elder J. G. McQuarrje of the Eastern! Mission, President Joseph' F. Smith, President E. M. Lyman, Hon. Reed Smoot and Mrs. Reed Smoot, who gave a glimpse of Washington society, and a real Utah There were recitahome in Washington. tions by young talented women,; Maud May Babcock and Mrs. Belle Ross, Apostle H. J. Grant sang "The flag without a stain," and there were other distinguished gentlemen who spoke briefly and interestingly. Light refreshments were served during the evening. Among the distinguished ladies present we recall the venerable lady President Bathsheba W. Smith, Sister Rhoda Lyman, and many younger women, wives of Apostles, and Presidents of Stakes. Brother and Sister Gates: are to be congratulated on having made a perfect success of. A . . - . . - e r this reception. Wednesday, June 10, 1908, annual meet- inor "nf iha Fia HrrMora nf tfiA T?PVnlntlOn. Utah State Society, ; met in room 509 Templeton building, to elect omeers for tne ensuing year. After preliminany exercises and the transaction of some business, the following ladies were elected by unanimous vote of JhejDQ.embers:presentL Regent MnvElizabeth Mrs. Emily Y. R. Wright; First t, Mrs. Lucy W. t, Clawson;Second Smith; Recording Secretary, Mrs. Clarissa Y. Spencer; Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. Julia F. Lund; Treasurer, Mrs. Emily H. Willeyr Registrar. Mrs. Isabel M. W. Sears; Vice-Regen- Vice-Regen- Farnswdrth; Chaplain, Mrs. Rachel Campbell. Afterthe officers were elected the annual meet- Historians Mrs Julia P. M. . " . . at iaiiwith-the-elderl- -- of Zion. " ' ..'iir8!Av,W.'Carl8bngave a garden party out doors This year Utah Daughters of the Pioneers on June 23, at her own residence, of for and in; some of Sister Clawson's quests left gathered at Wandamere the 15th June attend this Garden party, which was their annual outing, and as Flag Day, June early to' attractive made very by the beautiful trees 14 came on Sunday it happened to combine and shrubbery, and especially by the cherry the two things. The president Mrs. Susa. had. trees, full of ripe "red cherries, that added Young Gates conducted, the exercises, .. y t 