, WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 70 . rrr Resolved, that- though we miss her from our association and home,, we can truly say. of her, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord: she rests from her labors and her works do follow her. Resolved that these resolutions be copied in our record and a copy sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. when he called from the borderland or motherthe hood, the precious mother and babe. True, sunthe dear companionship is severed, the lrght, shine, the lorelv presence, all that gave promise of a future joy" and happiness in the home,' have faded from our vision. But that is not the end of all those blessings. Tim a will teach t he lesson lesson of lovChnstian her pure life has left-t- he to her faith, purity oi purpose and devotion Church, her home and to those in whosea spiritual welfare she labored,. Mrs. Hafen was tower of and strength and happiness among Iter friends Saband Church in neighbors, doing much good bath School work. And while she rests from her labor,' her good work, her gentle influence; will go on to the glory or her -- faithful guidance , and She sleeps she sleeps righteons teaching. flowers she sleeps beautiful under thousands of -- - VERSES. ' -- iMother, mother, true and. tender, Though your form is bent with age, were slow and faltering. Though your stepswell-filled page-- Vet And your life a we miss you, dearest mother. None on earth your place can fill. Your dear old room, your vacant chair. Seemed hallowed with vour'presence still, May we meet vou in Gbd's kingdom. When our life on earth' is done;. There to dwell in joy and gladness, With the Father and the Soik Mary M . Lyman;. . ' heart LonsE Coition. . through all lifes sad refrain-Tho- ugh here we live and lose and meet and part, There it a height w here pleasure conquers pain. inc ll lii'.o nan , uiiu tl.U A peal ef joy The Alps, the majestic Alps! School days come tc mind, when we studied about the Alps, the snowy peaks of Switzerland. How far away those days seem, as we sit here in Zurich's boulevard, and see them glistening in the setting sun! Then graduation day rises in memory. Thought long and deep has been bestowed on that portant essay, the crowning victory at. the. end of High School life. We see the girl our own close friend advance to the front of the platform and read. all-im- -; fair-haire- "Beyond the Alps Lies Italy." A 1 d . Her little white gloved: paper, perceptively trembles.' She is conscious that every eye is upon her; that everyone there is going with her on that jouraey over the Alps. So young, so fair, how could she sense that life was like the Alps, towering spectre-likfar,,over there? Zurich's lake is washing at our feet; the sun glints on the ripples made by the passing craft.- These must be the little worries of life, vexations, and not easily overcome. How much lies between thfcm and the silent Alps! It .is so pleasant to sit here, the city's noise sounding like a far off babble, lulling, the mind'to .rest. But this is riot the way to cross the Alps, to find Italy. Jso! We must climb up those freezing heights, past the glacier and the snow. Now down deep defiles, where the unwary may stumble or fall, though clinging to bush or bough. Shall we go down to darkness and despair? Despair?. No! There is a beacon light, though we may catch but its slightest gleam. Upward, on we go, past the rubicon. The height is scaled, the snow in many cascades and "water falls flows down the mountain side, and we have found Italy. 0, land of sunny skies art thou the all and all? Vividly rises the school scene, the fluttering white dress of the wondering girl, the poise oi the sanguine boy. The reading is ended; the sweet melody is borne on the air. The school scene fades away, and we are still beside the living waters of Lake Zurich, suddenly awakened from the dream of long ago, the Alps a living reality, wonderful, yet unknown, stretching far away over there. This side the Alps, the ice and snow, The other, foaming waters flow; This side forbidding, silent, grand, The other Italy's fair land. Impassable may seem the height, The dazzling snow may blind our sight, IJeyond, the flowers and verdure teem, e And Italy, our dream. Lydia D. Alder. life-tim- and-holding-tlie-dainty e . . , - . Written on the death of Mrs. Leo Hafen, who yielded up heryoung life on the altar of motherhood at her home in Proyo, Utah, on March 21st, . . and THE ALPS. Secretary. Sometimes the mystery of life and death are almost beyond our wisdom of understanding. The the; helplessness, poignant grief, the heart-achthe loneliness, the vacancy, all leave one so bereft we cry out, " Why are we .called upon to bear a cross bo heavily laden with sorrow?" Yet there we cause. And the answer comes: MThe Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away; blessed be the name of the Lord." How blessed when He gave to the dear father and mother the sweet daughter He has now taken to Ilia home. How blessed when He gave the" ef sisterly companionship to the loving gister whose-griblessed How when so he is gave the great e, - 1 Makiaii J. Bryner IN MEMORIAM. o y ' Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be recorded in the record book of the Relief Society, a copy published in the Woman's Exponent, and a copy handed to the bereaved family. - Spring with your garlands and wealth of perfume, Soft aunny glance of the warm sninmer day, Dear hfa pure spirit from the dust of the tomb, Up to the stars of the beautiful way. Salt Lake Citv, Utah. Resolved, that the wisdom and ability which she exercised in our midst by service and example, will be held in grateful remembrance, Resolved, that the removal of such a life from among our number leaves a vacancy and a shadow that will be deeply realized by all the members of this society, and a serious loss to the community because of the exemplary life she lived. Resolved that we deeply sympathize with the husband and family, and pray our Heavenly Father to sustain anrX comfort them in the hour of trial, we express our hope that even in so greatja loss to us, all may be overruled for good by Him who doeth 'all things ; , She sleeps not forever, we must be strong-Str- ong in our toiling and brave in our strife. Letting her memory keep us from wrong, Guiding us on to the river of life. - wherefore, i , . sweet, When the.pale willow droops low o'er her breast,; And the green mosses creep over her Jeet. Sister Elizabeth Mary Pace Stewart, who departed this lifer April IS, 1908, 8 o'clock p.' m., at Price, Utah. Whereas our Father in heaven has in His infinite mercy removed from among us our worthy and dearly loved sister, Elizabeth Mary Pace Stewart, and Whereas the long and intimate relation with her in the faithful discharge of her duties in this society as a teacher makes it fitting that we record our appreciation, well. ' . So we have given her early to rest. When the warm sunshine is lingering LydIA L. FlNLENSOii, ' Sec'y- - RESOLUTIONS OE RFSPEET.- - well. to vanished vo'uth The sweet girl graduate, with flower face, full wt trust, her heart of truth, Her eves Looking o'er all the world t find her placp. Her theme Imlds weighty words, and thought.- - h, ; staid, A travesty, on life in phrase austere, . Hut youthful confidence is unafraid, And gladness vibrates in the tones so'ciear, ' "Ueyond the Alps Lies Italy." "The joy of triumph and of proud applaiL---, Svveet iloral offerings, the music's stir; Fair, sunny slope of youth! 0, let lis paiiM-- , And linger in this girlhood's glade with her, Ere she climbs those steeps of life, ' Where womanhood with all its mystery livs. Hememberere you go to mretits strife, U, maiden innocent, grown strongly wi-- e M15.eyond the Alps Lies Italy?" "The essay soon will yellow grow with time,. The years will string their rosary of tears. Wearv and footsore we the hills must climb; And stumble o'er the stones of cares and tVar?. The mists of doubt will all the landscape veil, The summit lies so very far away; The feet may falter and the caurage fail, The stern," pale lips, will quiver, then to sav, 'Beyond the Alps Lies" Italy." "(), v)ien the hands that helped you up the dope, Shall loose the clasp, we cannot always keep, When in the night of pain, you upward grope Blinded by tears, with lagging footsteps weep. Then let your girlhood's maxim cheer your 'A frffh memorial k MOTHER'S WORK. , ; OUTLINE MILLARD STAKE. - and the Word of Wisdom. Effects of example and how exWhat" physical benefit? What tensive. spiritual benefit to be derived therefrom? First. Temperance . Second. . How to care for the body to nrppprvp hpalfh. Third: Counsel.' What is the highest counsel that can be sought?. In, what spirit should it be given? Fourth. Motherhood and its responsi.. bility; Fifth. How to secure the obedience and . . . love of our children. Sixth. How to train" our boys. Seventh. Work as a means of establish- r inggood habits. Eighth. A father's, influence.' . Ninth. Effects of cigaret smoking", ' Tenth. The ideal mother. y Eleventh. Regularity of meals and kinds of food, to eat, and how to cook the food. twelfth. How the father should counsel D - N Thirteenth. Companionship of mothers and daughters. r his sons. . Fourteenth. Work as an educator. . Fifteenth. Purity in the home. Sixteenth. Last meeting in Decemcer; celebrate Joseph's Smith's birthday. Stake Committee. . 