WOMAN'S EXPONENT. fc worn ans Exponent EM ME USE II WELIJS, Editor and VuHUher Ay ME WELLS CAS SOS, Assistant Editor. ftik-wit- h- ; l'uMish?l m.tjtlly io Salt Lakr City, L'toh. Term: months. 30 If.iW; one copy "oEci7pyooe N'o rt.Jnti.m m.f for rJofcs. fity papers tletiverl by t. )r, exquisitely, fine, wit real lace, and blonde lace scarf thrown. carefully over her bead but not hiding the silvery white hair that is the crowning glory of ageof which ibe poets have sung in such admira-ble strains: made "Like a crown of silver the hair .snow-whit- e So daintily dressed, U'ershades a face once young and fair." I p-- ' - . Ii. s i Knti-fr- J h, grand-daughter- s, -- d . mile-ston- " co-work- - . fiiftieth-anniversar- aicu I'D an ojiivianuu auia auu SlriCl- ness bestowed upon President Joseph F. brethren (some of Trbqm : -- e . " t ' These words are most appropriate to many AlvertNijsf rat: KaWi Mjuar. tn lin r.f ha-ir grown old in ninth, fJ.CHJ. A libemi of our dear sisters who ?pa.'tf one tim fJ.."0; the service of the Master. Saintly in every licmnt to rripilar juiverti'tr-South TmplV feature as v though, purified from all dross. Expos ENToffk iiHm 5W IVmplcton, ju. to 5 p. m., fr'rery Street : Biiun"- - hours friii Sister Smith greeted all her guests cordi lay, ptcept SuD'lay, cnirmirii-atiuto ally and said a few pleasant words to each A'Mrm all buiu-'one a3 the was so heartily congratulated on Mr'. K. B: WKU,S. Salt Lake City, L'tah. her lone and useful life: and she was the re cipient of a number of handsome and valu" at tKe 1'ott rfflee in Sal! Lake City, t'l-table gifts from her devoted friends and co- US i'CinJ r!a$M niitltr Besides the hostess in close laborers proximity was her only daughter, Mrs. Bath SvtT Lake City Utah. April, I'jus. sheba Smith Merrill, and Sister Susan W. Smith., also the General Secretary, Mrs. E. Mrs. David B. Wells. Her. AN ARTISTIC BOOKLET. Allen, Mrs. Stephen Pwichard.s, Mrs.. Ben There is for sale at this office a booklet Lloyd, Mrs. George II. Home and Mrs of Relief sued by our President the Society, Joseph Fisher, and the oldest great-granSister Bathsheba W. Smith for the sisters daughters cared for the guests,ushering them of the Relief Society or any who might in and serving the dainty refreshments with desire to have one. either for herself or a kind words and. gracious acknowledgment of the honor all who came felt to accord to present to a mend. 1 he book: is entitled this highly esteemecT'and reverent grand"A Swarm oi B's Bringing Blessings." mother on this notable anniversary, the e Published for her eighty-fift- h on the road of life. birthday. eighty sixth There are in the book good pictures of The plate on which cake was served was one Sister Smith thirtyfive yars ago, also used at her wedding in the lonz ago. The old fashioned counterpane upon ber bed in one taken forty years ago with Sisters an adjoining room was designed and made Eliza R. Snow, Zina.D. H Young, and by Sister Smith in her early married life. V tU Ann V11C Ul IUC ICdlUiCE Ul tuc umiiy r- - loung, ana one laKen receniiy. aj ilh. illusof and of book handsome a Price of the book, fifty cents. gift songi trations from the General Board of the Belief Society, the presentation made in a few choice words of love and affection by CounA DELIGHTFUL RECEPTION. selor Annie. Taylor Hyde. Our sisters generally throughout the entire ; Sister Susa Young Gates. President of the Church in all parts of the world are aware Utah Daughters of the Pioneers, with a few pow through reading the Exponent and words and a bit of dainty verse brought other publications, that the birthday ..of our loving to the honored hostess ah exquisite white General President Bathsheba W. Smith oc- lace scarf. It was .Very prettily precurs oh May 3, and that the Relief Society sented and graciously acknowledged. or the family of this illustrious woman, one were There original birthday poems from rvr hrtV , flim tn rcilehratp it and mke it an Sisters Ernmeline B. Wells and Ruth M. occasion of rejoicing. This year the real Fox, read to the guests present at the time. anniversary came on the Sabbath day and Sister Fox's was sort of historical and it was the Fast Day; therefore no demon- out of the poem ordinary style of birthday verses. stration could be made on that day. Sister The girls gave to the guests slips of paper Smith however chose Saturday, May 2, 190S, with the and herself decided to given an open recep- Zina D. II.pictures of SistersD. Eliza. R. Snow, P. Young and Young, Emily tion' at her own home to her friends, and Bathsheba W. Smith taken forty years ago in the Relief Society and in to her ' as a souvenir of the day. the Temple. No record was kept of the number who This idea was carried out and the affair was m every way most enjoyable. lhe ar-- . paid their respects, but they came and went incessantly during the hours from two to six rarigements .were most tasteful and artis- - p. m. and some even after. A beautiful spirit pervaded the home sugpink and white, pink and white roses, (the gestive of the calm, peaceful and serene life May blossom colors) here and there in pro- of its mistress, and. the small, white house fusion: old fashioned portraits adorned the with its green" shutters is a picture of conWalts ut iaiuci uuuu uiuiiu lllvv iitiii- areh and his wife,and an excellent picture of tentment from the outside, set as it is among President George Ar Smithhiiabiind nf flip the green shrubberjr with its lowr iron railhostess, whose death occurred many years ing in front. Long may the occupant rest there while' she goes backwards and forago hung near a sofa, where the hostess was wards to officiate, as priestess in the holy. receiving; the dining room was in green and the softest lace curtains at the window Temple not'.many steps away from her own door. telped to complete a pretty picture of ar tistic decorating that blended so harmoniously with the entire furnishings of the MeDpNALD GOLDEN WEDDING. home, that a quiet serenity pervaded the atmosphere of the house. The central figure Invitations were issued and a party given of course was the hostess herself, arrayed in in the Lion House Saturday, May 10, 190S, her elegant shining white dress' of home- - to celebrate the y of the non-arit-- The Presidency of :th"e Church Bishonric.' also and Tresidin? ' w tlej were specially interested in the sthir and had. much to do with making it a sort of testimonial of love and respect to the bridegroom and bride of fifty yearii and Donald. ; Smith-and-other mvp. na5.!prl awftv sinned in .1 tim irk,. they stood greatly in need of friends who where true and reliable. The guests begin " to assemble in the old fashioned parlor in the Lion House about 4 p. m. The'happy couple in whose honor the affair was given Were there to be congratulated looking very buoyant and shaking hands with all who offered' congratulations and good wishes. The bride wore an elebrocaded silk, made in gant the latest style, in fact we could say as they fawn-colore- d do of brides nowadays, she was elegantly gowned."; Brother McDonald wore the usual dress suit, and there were many warm and hearty expressions of good will and esteem." The calt for the banquet hall came and the guests wereushered upstairs where in the spacious apartment five long tables were arranged for the large part . At the head of the center table were the guests of honor and President Josenh F. Smith and the family of the honored couple. The tables were: all filled, and at the head of each some distinguished man was seated. The menu was excellently prepared and served by pretty young girlsjf the cooking k UCJ Jl till, JU KJ VUlltgV JUV UVWl ations had been under the supervision of a committee of three and were in excellent taste, a card with trie name designated the place of each guest, also a flowers for favors. President Joseph F. Smith pronounced the blessing "upon the abundant feast, and a spirit of unity and good fellowship pervaded the gathering. After the banquet tables were cleared away and a sort of program of exercises in charge of Bishop C. W. Nibley, opened with singing a hymn and a brief address from President Joseph F. Smith who in a very happy manner expressed his good feeling for Brother and Sister McDonald and pleas-u- re at having them his gue3ts on such an auspicious occasion. Bishop 0. F. Whitney recited a verse as a prelude to his remarks: 6 'tis not when riches and spiendor surround us, lhat Inendship aud friends can be put to me test, but when affliction's cold presence hath bound us, We find which the hearts are that love us the best. For friends will fawn at fortune's dawn, While-thbreeze and the tide waft us steadily 'lis e oh: But if sorrow o'ertake as each false one forsakes us, And leaves us to sink or to struggle alone.- - There was singing and .recitations and an excellent one rendered by the veteran actor, Phil Margetts, Esq., impromptu, speeches, some original verses by Aunt Emm. ells, and very - fine musical selections of negro ballads rendered by some of the McDonalds, and Brother McDonald gave a little interesting history of their younger days. Then a grand march in which most of the company dances in joined, and some which President Winder participated although. 86 years old, and fancy dances by old-fashione- d the McDonald.erandehildren;Taken all in all it was ,k delightful party and very differ-en- t to the wedding fifty years before, when . 