V .,,i WOMAN'S EXPONENT,; '.jnTar ;tb" the beauty 'of the landscape;" Mrr; ' greatly Carlson is a charming hostess and a prime favorite' with her friends, who are very . We are sorry we have not space to elaborate more fully on these. two parties but we can : .that occurred on the same day, remember them, and the ladies we met at both'places, and the gopsli fellowship that brings those who meet often closer together and year after year the ties grow jium-erou- s. -- ' stronger:' J; ''.." Thursday, July 9t was the anniversary of the Jbirthday of Mrs. Sophia Sharp and her daughter Mrs. James E. Jennings gave a party in her honor fo a large number of her mbther's relatives and friends, in her hand- -' some and commodious home. As it was the midsummer many of the ladies were in white, and .all in light beautiful" raiment making an artistic picture in the midst of v - ... the elegant furnishings of the rooms and the exquisite floral decorations.. The refreshments were dainty and delicious and beautifully served by little girls in white "with ribbons, etc., the pretty grand daughters of Mrs. Sophia Sharp and Mrs. Priscilla JenOne may be sure there was no lack nings. of interesting conversation where so many intelligent ladies were gathered and the party was therefore a brilliant success in every respect. The Exponent extends congratulations to the dear little lady, and wishes for her many more returns of the day with health and strength to enjoy life, and may her lines be cast in pleasant places henceforth-- : at"Wandamere. The day wras fair and a sort of program was expected when the crowd gathered at" the dancing pavilion, Gen John Q. Cannon had been asked to act as blaster of ceremonies and though there was noi much of a Droerain there was a very, pretty fairy dance by a dozen or more little girls in Miss Ivy Evans who has a fairy costume. fine soprano voice sang a popular sang; and Georgie "Young played the violin very sweetty, a very beautiful- little girl gave a lancy dance in the most delightful style, Clive's band was in. attendance furnishing excellent 'music After the announcement had been made that the program was over, Brother T. II. Morrison stepped forward and asked the privilege of speaking a few words and mounting the improvised platform, he announced that he desired to present fifty dollars to the President of the Relief Society; becaiiseof favors bestowed upon himself and family when they came to Salt Lake City, strangers in a strange land without home and in time of sickness and death, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, General President of the Relief Society, came forward and received the donation in goldrthanking him heartily for the gift: Gratitude for favors in time of need. is an admirable quality in human character and all of the sisters present felt" to bless Brother Morrison for his liberality. - A BEAUTIFUL TESTIMONY. To the at m., July 11, a luncheon was given at the Utah University by the 12 Editor of the Exponen i: Dear Sister E. B. Wells: Aa I am owing for the Woman's Ex- Dean of Domestic Science Miss Lucy Van I would like to pay the same and Cbtt, and some, special invitations were giv-i- n ponent, a way informally, the General Officers and also bear my testimony to the truth of the Board of the Relief Society and of the Young work in which we are engaged; and also to Ladies Associations were invited and the the good work and spiritual assistance of the Woman's Exponent of which I have affair was made very delightful and inter.been a subscriber since its. first publication, esting. New methods were explained, and I hope to continue taking the paper as long the general condition and status of this paras I live, or as long as I am able to read its ticular department were practically explainIf I were able to express my ed. Miss Van Cott seems to have made contents. dear sister Wells, of the .spiritual good use of her advanced training in Eastern feelings, and strength enjoyment gained by reading Colleges,and is very competent Co undertake the Exponent,, the heavenly and spirited the superintending of a wider system of the testimonies given by the true and faithful work, than-i- possible at present even in thek new University building that her students sisters, whose lives have been a continual warfare against wrong which has made them occupy at present. She gave a fine talk on the subject which i in reality a home topic, strong in the Lord our God; and able to Prof.Wm. Stewart spoke on the kindergarten teach or instruct the sisters on the true journey and pathway to gain salvation and haphis pet theme, and Prof. Kingsbury occupied piness, I feel like bearing my testimony a few minutes on the general situation of that the Exponent carries the light of the the University and in praise of the pioneers, Gospel along with its teachings into every home where it is taken, and I hope it will and of their descendants taking a greater interest-in the institution founded bv them so continue successfully in the future. I was born in an out of the way hamlet in many years ago in the new west. The writer JutlandrDenmark, January 2, 1825, where was requested to speaK anu incidentally alluded to the topic which Prof. Kingsbury all might feel secure from the Mormons; but are not our ways. He is had so eloquently and ably referred to, and the Lord's ways ' Of persons. , also expressed the pride felt by all the early no respector Two Mormon Elders found us and bore settlers in the growth and excellence of this TTnivprflif.v ptafrthlisTiAfl in fhfl Cirent wpcf of" testimony that God had revealed himself to such ah early period . Mrs. Martha H . Tin-ge- y Joseph Smith and given him the everlasting ' to proclaim to all men. I tried to spoke by special request expressing the Gospel ,with the missionaries, but was unable feeling entertained by the young women in argue cope with them, as many of the passages that Organization, to helrr:forward the good Itohad learned as scripture were not from the workimdertake Bible, but merely the notions of the Luther-ia- n was- - certainly a laudable undertaking and Church. I was religious in my own should be encouraged and patronized by the. and asked God to give me wisdom to community. The lady visitors were shown way do' what was right. In a short time my sister through the. buildings and explanations were and I fully believed in the Gospel as taught, made to the party in regard to the buildings and we thought sure no one could hear and and grounds. not believe, the Gospel truths, but we soon ' Tuesday. July 21, the Relief Society of the found out differently. We had a hard strugfour Stakes of Zion had their annual outing gle to be free from obeying our own con- s mirrfrtAif f .In fit nrul -- mt do. ter and I were baptized in June, ,1855. W soon got the spirit of emigration to. Zion. We sought the Lord in humble, prayer, to open the way for us with our scanty means and the next day the hand cart organization was established which suited us. We were young and had no family. We were able to work whenever neededi and were full of faith and hope. A little less, than two years after we were baptized we left all that was near and dear to us in an earthly way in Denmark, sailing from Copenhagen, April 18-- , 1857. ' We arrived in Salt Lake City, September 13, five months later; but from July till September we had been working, our way with handcarts for 1300 hundred miles over sandy hills and big mountains and rivers; but all was well, we were going to Zion and we reached the place all right. Praise be to the nime of the Lord. I was taken from the camp in a buggy to MnKennv'ein the lOth ward where I worked all winter weaving. Mrs. McKenny was good to me and s6 was everybody else. I was married February, 1858 to S.P. Eggert-seone of my own kinsmen, just before he was called to go to Echo Canyon to help watch our enemies. My sister and I were then moved to Provo where our husbands found us later. Provo 2nd ward was made our home and there I have lived for over fifty jTears together with my husband and children. We have helped to build up Provo both temporally and spiritually and hope. to continue. I have been a member of the Relief Soci? ety from its first organization in Provo, in 1868, and have tried in my weakness to work in my calling according to counsel, together with my good band of energetic, united sis ters who aimed to make this society harmon- PrnnKot TndonVi'o inetrnni Jro 170 'w? to the sisters when first organized. I feel like we succeeded pretty well. I have been a widow nearly eight years but have children taking their father's place taking care of mother, and working for the upbuilding of ZionI feel I am greatly blessed in my old age, I have friends wherever I gcv I am treated with kindness and respect for which I am thankful to my heavenly Father. I have partly lost my hearing, which is trying and humiliating to me. I wish every success to the Woman's Exponent, hoping it may have a place in every Saintsi to home belonging to the Latter-daencourage and strengthen them in hope, faith and charity. Yours very truly, n V - , y ... Johanna Eggerjsen. DELEGATE FROM UTAH AT THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS. . - At the Congress of the International Woman Suffrage Alliance, held in from June 15th to 21st, Dr. Romania B. Penrose attended as delegate from Utah by the appointment of Governor John GCutler. The meetings were held m the Concertgebouw. one of the most capa: cious buildings in the citv. and renresenta- tives were there 'from all. the civilized coun tries of the world. Part of the program was to have been short speeches on the practical effects of woman suffrage, bv delegates from Utah, Wyoming, Idaho and Colorado, the four stales of the American Union in which woman sutirage, has been for some time established. The governors of those states Amster-damrHollan- d, " 0 