.WOMAN'S; EXPONENT. - 0LEtTR a- -- pr FROM NEW SOUTH WALES .19 , picture fad td Friday, August 28th 1908. rdhivmewr.and: this A'XidrfVMf lIowT enjoyed hearing the ship's bands play-- , . JvliYm: Poems relating to inddpntKin hU lif. wp . .T The . I Altn ing II . . . ; i it i i ji iiiiiii i u Wells i&ii.w via. ii Have only time to commence this' letter, : Columbia and Other Rnm fif lrrinrr ... Pnlnv. ........ , n:; (Inlir s . to mrj lt',n. Piano ens cannon. xuuK aim I viiiwr, andMrs. v.iij Nichols . over by I nrmp ('a n m ,r Urol 1. af) expect papa t i i nearo. hoio ny oisier lirace Urant. Keminiscences rw u..uuriaa(miu uftciijr.iKtvf next boat, but there is so much to be crowded uiem in a ar oil land. 1 just trembled- with weregiven by SUter Lydia A., Hannah C. in between this and next Monday (when the oyal enthusiasm; and loved my country and Einmline of the grat and 'Maraina sails, that 1 must make use of better than Vpr Puna ?a KPrifiinrr1 v.i n noble life of him who .wji tnif to hi ivr every, minute. The lleet has been here, an,d of Town lhe and Country Journal." country, his conscience, his brethren,-rhicopy which is filled with illustrations, some of religion and hi? (Jod. gone, and I am sure it will take a full week v fur people to settle down to normal condition which are very good. , We only came back The musical exercisps worp pcnpriallv strain. As Vio Little used to say. I am still ''so home yesterday, and. found plenty to dogood and the Stake Belief Society choir did full of t xcitements," that my head is thumping but every thing is once more in order, and some good work. "with neuralgia; and I feel like a wilted it seems good to be here, and to be quiet A banquet was held between", meetings, with nd strength or ambition left. But again. and a good time was enioTed bv all who how glad I am that I was blessed with the' I- have been ohlifrpd tn were present. ' Sunday Evening. - o i, , of this witnessing grand spectacle, uee pencil ana carbon naner because mv privilege Lucv M. Gehfin, and how proud ot my country that she could time was so taken that 1 could not write to you, Assistant Secretary. .. , ... 11 No words of du this most wonderful thing. anu1.:my cnnoren ail about the lleet, unless N'KHO STAKK. mine can convey to 3'ou how beautiful it all 1 made several nlease conies at one time.-s. was. The people of Sidney spared neither iorgive me. 1 have just Minutes of Belief Societv Conference of your letter. ' trouble nor expense to make the city and and there are many items I would Jike to Nebo Stake held at Santaouin, Utah. March harbor a perfect' picture. It was a revelation an wp'lf lpf 20, 190S mention, but I am Conference convened at 10 a. m.. I T l Not just a few great iL! to me in decoration. mis go as it is. itua lawyer has spent today Eiiza J. Dixon presiding. in done shields national our with us and we have talked over the davs of , gilded eagles, After oneninir exercises. Sifter Teitirn. hunfew a of. and but colors, yards bunting, president of. Santaquin ward made a few dreds of them, and flags by the- thousands. home till mv head is achinp and I'm Snrp onpninf rpnuirk'Rjind r norted hpr wnrd. Sis Several of the principal streets were literal she is tired, uell and lJorothv took her back ter Lannel. one of 'the stake board nave to her hotel in Sydney. She is placing "Mrs. some good instruction and encouragement bowery of flags and strips.of hunting. Besides this thousands of yards of ropes of evergreen festooned On both sides of streets. Think of loves her, both off and on. the stage. lister rorcey, president of Mammoth. the labor and cost of such decorations, but a nearest love to all at 4u. With kiss ward, reported all in good condition. Sisthe beauty of it is beyond my poor powers and a prayer for your welfare we'll say good ter Price' reported Goshen ward. Sifter of description. The Parks, Botanical GarBrown reported Eureka ward: Sister Moore, night. jett. dens, principal buildings and streets were a president of Spring Lake, reported that ward. blaze of electric lights, in our colors. Great lhe choir saner Peace, be still. Sister Brown-o- f the stake board spoke of statues of liberty Were erected in several A UNIQUE GATHERING, the training, of our children to have pure places, and Queen Victoria's statue, which Mrs. Andrew entertained Stewart. Jr.. J. thouchts and pure acts. "We should al stands in McQuarrie street, was encircled of her mother, Mrs. Jane Biggs,' in honor tell our children the truth, and never with poles from which were festooned strings Provo's leading ways fifteen 80th birthday pi of electric lights (in red, white and blue ) tell them anything we don t mean. All the of forty vear3 aco. They all societv ladies women in the Church, should belong to the and the space inside this circle, was' a mass been ox have with crossed the teams, plains Belief ..Society or the Y. L. M. I. A., and of palms, ferns, and other beautiful plants. All 40 all here lived and years. should teach their children to pray when The word "Welcome" appeared here, there acquainted are widows except two; their combined ages and every where, in electric lights. Bills, 1129 vears. The ladies present were: Mrs. they are very young. Spoke of the feehrg amonc our neonle: said the mission of garden parties, dinners, lunches, concerts, Jane Mrs. 89; aged Eggertsen, aged Biggs, motherhood on earth, is to multiply and of games and sports. were theatres, all Mrs. Emmeline Miller, aged 81; Mrs. replenish the earth: also spoke on the 83; given every day and evenine, besides trips Marinda Glazier, aged 8; Mrs; Manila Dan power of prayer and related some instances by train and boat to the wonderful caves and 78; Mrs, Lucinda South worth, in the Book of Mormon on that subject, iels, aged water falls, Medlow baths, etc, were given. aged 77; Mrs. Electa Bullock, aged 4. Mrs. Sister Evans i the stake board gave an ex- All street cars, ferries, launches, etc. gave Flora Maihen, aged 78; Mrs. Sarah L. turn ercise irom the little book entitled a free transportation to officers and sailors er, agpd 73: Mrs. Anna Peay. aped 71; Mrs beautiful Swarm of Bees." and some very alike. People with automobiles would stop Martha 70; Mrs. Emma Bul Bullock, aged thoughts were hroucht out. whenever they saw a bunch of sailors walkMrs. Anna Nelson, aged. 68 68; lock, aged Afternoon session President Eliza J. Dix ing, ask them to get in, and off they would Wra Martha A. Harris, aired 67. A delicious on presiding. go. Everything was as free as the air, to one lnnpViPnn w isprvpd. Mrs. Electa Bullock After sineins and prayer. Sister Townand all: It was just wonderful and splendid, several birthday poems in her usual send read a notice from the general board read from first to last, and made one glad to be hpfliitiful wav. and Mrs. Hannah Clark sang concerning the nurses class under .me "" alive. "The Two Martyrs," which was, greatly' auspices of the Relief Society. bong by We took rooms and board for the entire appreciated. Leona Bovle. entitled. "My heart's tonight week, at a place called "Highroid'' and from in Tennessee'; Sister Mary P. Harding our balcony could see sixteen of the ships, cave an exercise on parents class work. also look across the bay to Sydney and see R. S REPORTS. subject "PhysicaLpunishment of. children.'' (The firethe fire works, and illumination. Sister Cappel spoke on the spiritual duGRANITE STAKE. works cost over $5,000 00.) lEverynight from Granite Stake Belief - Society conference ties of parents to their children, also omthe 7 to 10 o'clock the battle ships were a blaze word of wisdom, and the necefsity of our convened at the Stake Tabernacle, Septemof electric, lights, and on Saturday night they it as a people and the. blessings that illuminated with search lights throwing great ber 15, 1908, at 10 a. ra.', President Emma keeping ' . are, promised by so doing. Woodruff S. out presiding. and Jar arrh3 of light all over the harbor, Quartette by members of choir entitled Sisters Bebecca Nibley and Minnie H. ' to sea. r the with v tide' "Drifting were Board present. General of the Should I write all day, I could not make James Sister Itawkins spoke on the labor of the of local presidents number from a of conceive could Reports nor you understand, you in all Belief Society and the, necessity of our the grandeur and beauty of the scene. Une showed an inerease of enthusiasm young' people being trained in the Gospelr branches of R. S. work. x morninwprhadshoweri-thenine-fiU- ii n addressed Bishop Holiday made some very timely re-- ; Sisters Nibley and James-theshone out suddenly, and there appeared a mark's. Sifter Pixon spoke, on our duties on various subjects and adconference the probe can which'CI believe) only rainbow, faithful in the Church. Brother Roberts testified of duced in a tropical land. It cat itsTadiapce monished the sisters to continue work of the Spirit of the Lord being with us on this to the Belief Society and the great ihose-grea- t white ships, of ten or overweight ' occasion, also of the necessity of nurses. ' Lord. rest. the to , seemed but on two of them one end to the : Closed by singing and benediction by devoted was session afternoon The ' more I assure you I never saw a magnificent Lemon. President the and ; Wells" program II "Daniel life of picture in all- my life. I was Euza A. Hawkins., Cor Sec. of his family. members rendered by was a hear sound, nor and neither wished to speak J..! Claire: . . . W 11 AM i a 1 1 i . k i a i -- . f.-- . -. . - , - B.-Well.- J. s - lJow-"("r- ," - w ! 1 I 1 .. s I o m re-rea- d verv-tired- A . - , - J : , v -- . -- . : . ' -- - spell-boun- d, . 