WOMAN'S EXPONENT. She. ww good public speaker, concise in language and expression, used as aa possible td convey her meaning and invariably bandied her subjects well. Her voice was rather incisive but she could be heard well and understood where a more fluent speaker might be' misunderstood. Sister Kimball' was original and independent in her ideas; and iri.public measures before 'jshe preher plans were sented them.and therefore the mofe convincing; and she had a decidedly positive manner that some "might construe as 'aggressive. However Sister Kimballwasa woman of high ideals about spiritual matters and was a deep religious thinker, and reasoner, ana a student of the Bible, Book of Mormon and other Latter-da- y Saint, books of a eimilar kind; and the writings, of Orson and Parley P. Pratt and their Sermons she was particularly fond of reading. Sister Kimball was methodical and prac few-word- well-mature- d, tical generally, but some of her writings on philosophical and spiritual subjects were rather extraordmaryand although in speaking she was clear and comprehensive, yet in her writings she was abstruse and inclined to be mystical,, and yet she was so and that she would never be the least likely to go beyond her advanced thinker depth. She was really an 111 ana lona oi diving into tne unknown, or soarirg upward to sublime heights.; The writer recalls one or two of her articles that cade quite a sensation at the time; upon subjects with which women are now quite conversant. Sister Kimball had the attributes of a reformer, along many lines, was at one time quite an advocate of dresa reform,. something strong-minde- d, well-balanc- ed s was closely Tncemovea wita iuv jearj women whose names are menuoueu FAITH. . xicic, a Heywood, Sister Sarepta Blodgett A hnlliant and women, lovable '- --D Vi ioyal, in all places and at all times, mother- ly in the sweetest and dearest ways, she al ways had a smile for her friends, no matter how her own heart miht ache. She was 'tender to the very fibres of her being. She loved all living creatures.and was especially kind and deferential to the aged, the helpless and unfortunate. Her unbounded sympathy "for all sorrows whether through or weakness or from whatever cause,-wa-s something sublime in its expression' and effect. - None appealed to. her in vain, none were ever turned away without some alleviation. Herhtfmewas a delightful place of repose and restfulriess; she knew just what to do for the comfort and entertainment of guests whether her friends came singly or in crowds, there, was always the cordial wel- come. .Hospitality was one oi ner cniei attractions in the days when there were not' many bounties to dispense, and the Saints were in need of substantial support to tide Sister Heywood over the time of scarcity. will alwavs be remembered as one of those who would divide the last morsel with a. friend, or anyone in need, if to feed the hungry and clothe the destitute is the M, Hold fast to faiths thoa.fAiprecktd one, hold There is no other epar to cling to; And thus upheld, thou'lt hear sweet melodiea. " - - r . And though that spar of faith appears to be A thing too frail for thy life's danger, Remember, it was faith that made for is ' That life, the sad world's great Christ etranger " mis--fortu- Oh faith is mighty, and no life can reach ' Its golden island of fruition, Rnt hv th harp nf faith that cf rirrkn.. SwerTeless on its divine commission. ne Hold ' fast to faith,- tSoa .shipwrecked one hold ' fast, And through the dark God's searchlight gleam-in- g - ', Will guide thee safely to the unknown shores That beckon through thy life's long dreaming. Colorado Springs. . Caroline Kenfrew.' RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE ENGLAND. A Relief Society conference was held in Westgate Hall, Bradford, May 16th,' 1908! The meeting commenced at 3:30 p. m. Sister Romania B. Penrose was in attendance. After the opening exercises, President Mary Hollings- gave a brief account of the work charity, then ehe stands preeminent done in Bradford. Second Counselor, Sister Walker, reported in this regard. Her good deeds, her acts of kindness and benevolence can never be the progress that is bein made in Halifax. President Maria Wood spoke encouragingforgotten. Many will- - rise up and call her bltssed at the last day for the help extended ly of the work in Clayton. The president of the Society in Keighley in the hour of great privation. also gave a good report. ' Sister Heywood had received a liberal eduSister Mary A. Knight expressed pleasure cation, graduating at last from a celebrated institution of learning in Buffalo, New in attending to her duties as a teacher. ; A recitation was given by Miss" Florrie She was a woman one liked to talk with York, and had been a great reader of good even if one could not always coincide with books, and was a woman who always Benn, entitled, Alone In Heaven." v Sister Mary E. Panders spoke of the beneher views, and one was pretty sure to learn dressed becomingly and in excellent taste? something by conversation with her, even if she was graceful and attractive in manner fit derived from attending Relief Society one was worsted in an argument, she was and possessed a fund of humor that seemed meetings. First Councelor Mary Higgins told what always to bubble up at the right moment to certainly well worth listening to, and excelsatisfaction the Gospel gave her and expreslent in debate. . give zest and tone to common place, converThere was nothing common place about sation or dulness that needed ehlivening.she sed a desire to keep the commandments, of Sister Kimball: like others of the sisters who was a woman of tact, which is Baid to be the Lord. ; v. Sister Lilian Jeffries , sang, "Love 1 at ; belonged to that period of the Church, she better than talent. ' V Home.'Sister Hey wood was a most pleasing had held converse wtth the greatest minds Second Counselor Nancy Thorpe bore tesof this dispensation, men who had been speaker, she had "a sweet voice and "her favored of the Lord and taught of Him by intonation was perfect, she was "gifted . irL timony to the divinity of "'Mormonism." Several of the iisters bore testimony to revelation and she had sat under their teachprayer,was of a relieious and devotional nature and wise one to the the good wprk'done by the Society. ing, and listened to their particularly payings, and of of Sister Edith Crampton, who is emigrating these woman dispensing wisely means given for chariprofited by their instruction; to Zion, testified of good received through table purposes. who were familiar with the great Latter-daIn her oin neighborhood and the? local attending to her duties. Prophet, but few. now remain only one or two 5 et livinsr. scarcely any in fact: they'be- - Relief Society, where she was counselor to Sister Romania B. Penrose gave a very Sister to Marinda of the a in the the period , longed history Hyde, president from its instructive and helpful address on the great Church with which those women who are first, organization (her husband was bishop obligations we owe to our father in heaven. foremost in our Church work today know there) she was a prime favorite. Urged the sisters to purify themselves and One cannot recall her without thinking of not grieve the hut very little. ..... also of the Lord.--Sb- $ Spirit . Sarah Kimball was exceptional in that her beautiful ey esi that seemed to speak withpointed out that the Relief Society is to she had some traits of character unlike any out words, ;so full were they of soulfulness. educate the sisters intellectually, spiritually other woman of whom J have written, mostUnlike,most of the Latter-daand Saints who morally. Impressed upon all the neshe had was something been, persecuted and driven from place cessity of working ly undeveloped however; unitedly and of respecting of a phrenologist, and a pretty good readtr to place, the Hey wood's were ; people of authority. Spoke of eternal associations of character, delicate in her nature, a little means and resources I thm lAAiAJ UAIC vtt and man's free agency, and made plain the tUUiO cold in her manner, ' one does not care to, ' aooui ",Decause oi. bister Heywood - s excellent fact that our destinies lie largely in our own make comparisons, "they are said toJbe management of household affairs.' hands. Gave valuable suggestions regarding odious" but there were some points) t reSarepja M, Blodgett,. married name Relief work and the training of chilsemblance between Sister Eliza R. Snow and Haywood, was born in Monroe, Ashtabula dren. Society Urged mothers to instil into their Sarah M. Kimball. A Co., Ohio, November 22, 1822. Died in daughters right principles In early years and SarnTi MpUflflfl drnrxopT .rnnrttoA noma Salt Lake City, Utah, November 23, 1886. so fit them for the duties of life as wives Kimball was born in Phelps;Ontario County, and mothers. If these teachings are put into New York- - December 291818, died in Salt practice great benefit will be derived by each Lake City, Utah, December I, 1898. Society represented. ' The work in the con' " '" ' Leavitt. the daughter of ference is growing, and w ar PTDecting to In close fellowship with Marinda Hyde, ;v lUiam Jennings Bryan, was chosen ' hear of greater, advances in the future. as and Sarah MKimball was another loval at large to the Colorado State Demoand devoted woman whose Mary E. Sandebs, for cratic Convention, which met at Glenwood Millennial Star. Secretary. 1 1 1 sub-lime- " - st . . . ' - - well-adapt- ed . y y -- . 1 I - - Man ' " - life-wor- k de-lega- " te 