7 We Ballot in 1 hands of the SALT LAKE CITY- - UTAH, APRIL, 1908; Vol. 36. , CONTENTS. -- -' j Women of the Past. Personal ImL. Emmeline B. Wells pressions A' Grand and Happy Day..... Louisa Gray D-- L. D. S. WOMEN OF THE PAST. tagt: S. '57 59 59 Stake . v.... Relief SdaelyTtepOrt'r-Neb- o Parowan Stake Uintah Stake irackfoot Stake MothersVWork: :. , Notes and News.... Relief .Society Conference.. D. K. New York City.... Editorial: 64 ; 58 and 60 . 61 ..... Annual Conference...... 60 60 60 An Artistic booklet.. Seventy-Eight- h 64 Editorial Notes............ ....7.... , Poetry: Daughters of Zion.... .........Annie' Wells Cannon 57 ' Love ia Sancitified ....... Lydia 'D. Alder 59 The Good Old Days.......Ellis K. Shipp 59 DAUGHTERS OF ZION- Song, written for the Relief Society Conference, April 1903. ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Tune Kathleen Mavoujneen.j Long, Ion aga on the bank? of the river Where lies the fair city of lovely Nauvoo, There wandered a man rapt :in deep meditation 'T was Joseph, the Prophet, so brave and so true. The' light of the heavens shone brightly ' above " ' him, A message celestial came sweetly and clear: "To Israel's fair daughters reveal the glad tidings, A mission of mercy for them to revere; " Daughters of Zion rejoice evermore! 1 EMMELINE' IJ. WELLS. of-Zio- j sad-hearte- d, m : "The mourner, the sufferer, the orphan, the childless, AU call for your sympathy, tenderness, care; Relief is your motto, and labor your watchword, Be thoughtful and gentle,let love be your prayer. Let wisdtm and faith guide your footsteps for-- . ...' ever j As forward you follow your labor of love, Let joy fill your heart, and weary, no never: For heaven and the angels "shower smiles from ' : above ; Daughters of Zion, rejoice evermore.!' 4 : . Mrs. Roosevelt is said to be . opposed to a third term for the President, having grown very tired of the formal official social round in which she has lived during the past seven years.- - She is one of the busiest women in 'official circles in Washington. " ' - - . These lines were written for the card on which was the picture of Zina D. H. Young to present to her many friends on the occasion of her seventy-fift- h birthday anniversary at a banquet given by the Relief Society, in the Templeton Hotel, January 31, of the 1896, and the verse is woman, that I thought it a good opening to the personal impressions, I am about to give of this famous Mpther injsrael. I remember many years ago, when I was quite young, of saying, "Aunt- Zina has a real Madonna face," and throughout my life I carried the thought whenever and where-- . ever I saw her; to us who knew; and worked with her, Zina D. H. Young needs no encomium of praise.but to the younger women of today and . those yet to come .upon the stage of action in this Church, she should be represented in prose, in poetry, , in pictures that will give to theni an idea of her beautiful personality. ''('.'" - ... 'snrh pnnn wnmpn ;as those with whom I 'havf been associated in the Church, knowing bow impossible it i T Vtpaitntft in wntinor m - ft ' m is to convey the true merits of the nobility of their characters to tho?e, who were not familiar with thjem in life v The writer implicitly believes that Zina Diantha Huntington inherited from a famous ancestry many of the talents so wonderfully developed in her own life under cir- cumstances and with environments and surs roundings so unfavorable, in to growth and culture, and without what the world terms superior advantages.- - To me Aunt Zina was the embodiment of all that was loveliest in Motherhood, and I speak the word Motherhood with the utmost rever ence possible to a nature that holds this condition of woman eminently superior. Sister Zina. was known throughout the Church and was as greatly beloved perhaps, as. any woman who has stood in high places, among the great heroes and heroines of Zion. She was a born physician, and came of a long line of men of that profession. She was what is termed injnir day, a "natural healer," one realized as soon as she entered the sick room the influence of her presence, and as I have often remarked, she carried about with her the "balm of Gilead" The motherly element so designated in modern times, together with the gift of healing so largely developed by her through the to gifts and inspiration of the Gospel, gave '.'Aunt Zina" that intense sympathy with misfortune and' suffering that brings one into close communion with the hearts, and inner lives of those to whom they minister. She was generously endowed with that true, in the charity which hopeth all things, and distinexercise, of these sacred gifts she so sor- guished herself among the sick and the many-respect- Jehovah has spoken: "Oh daughters Go forth'in all gladness, and kindness, and love, No longer in doubt for your thraldom is broken, Relieve the your tenderness prove; Go comfort the weary, give cheer to the lonely, : Remember the aged, forget not the poor; Heaven's sweet blessings will surely await you; Daughters of Zion rejoice evermore, Daughters of Zion rejoice evermore. Strictly religious in mind and character. inheriting frorn h6r Puritan ancestry those strong elements of endurance, for her faith, zeal and devotion" in the exercise of her. be- lief and religions liberty, and spiritual and inspirational in that degree that is uplifting in its tendency and effect, was the impres' sion she made upon me. f Humility was one of Aunt Zina's crowning virtuesryet she had- - the courage to face -dilliculties that to many would be appalling; and the fortitudt and endurance that knows no wavering and is in itself a triumph. Throughout the land of Zion and wherever the gospel has been spread the names of Sister Eliza H. Snow and Zina D. H. Young are heralded and linked' together. Their lives fitted into each other, admirably, and toge'th er they labored - for - the - good of hu- manity,and particularly for womanhood and the youth of Zion. I trust; be rememiered Sister for her indefatigable labors in thasilkjudiis-try- . This people owe much to her efforts in In all the details of many directions. work, and in the hardships of pioneer life, Sister Zina had an abundant share. The early pioneer women had to make their own soap, candles, starch, molasses, and whatever vas needed without machinery of any kind;, and there was carding spinning, dyeing knotting, wpavingbegideaiDrdiniiryAw regular, everyday duties; in all these Sister Zina took part. Through' alPthese and manifold other experiences, Sister Zina still retained that gentleness of spirit thaW won the hearts of her coworkers and en-- r deared her to all her associates; she possessed that rare delicacy of sympathy which brings to the human heart sweet consolation when under the most painful afflictions. The gentle ministrations of women hare been beautifully portrayed by poets and writers and by artists and sculptors, but none of the artificial productions can bring to the human soul the exquisite rendering of divine power, which comes through human tenderness in the hour of supreme need. Sister Zina was a wonderfully gifted public speaker,' her tones were thrilling, and her voice and manner always pleasing. She impressed me as one greatly favored of the Lord, and her presence among the : women of Zjon was like a benediction. Vol- umes might be written of her, and yet "the half hot be told." - stiintly face and a great mother-hear- t, So' rich in grace and charily thou art, V That evermore our reverence- shall be A loving tribute to. thy memory. E'en poet's yet unborn shall sing thy fame, Ar.d future generations bleps thvname. ' E. R. Wy 03 63 63 . Sc -- X 2 - No; ti'7i'f4tvt4nvtn-VUG VUiUlUI LCI . -- 61 ' Resolutions.1..............,.. In Memory...In Memoriam A Tribute .T7.T7..77 History of the U. W. Press Club HY ' rewing as to gain the appellation of "Zina, H . " IMOUSaXAL IMl'IiESisIONS: V " ; -- Zirta-will- , - "Wherein her very look. We read her face as one who reads, A true and holy book." Zina Diantha Huntington Young was horn at Watertown, New York State, January 3, 1821. Died in Salt Lake City, Utah, August 28, 1901. '' .r: of the great In dwelling ur n the lives women whom I have known, and with whom my lot has. been cast, it is comparatively easy to say a great- deal, but not so when one must single out a few prominent char' acteristics. The" writer has in' the past published much concerning these 'leroic. women, and: - c .... ' 