12 , men of many 'countries? with the attend ivs. .'. .I..). xnrf.tA ill With customs and traditions. uerness in ine jiuixie uiwc, Bishop Preston has left a noble record on whom he ;had to deal, especially-women- , the tablets of ime. '( ' . , young or old., His, memory, will: be engraven upon the brow unembarras'd his on modest 'Tho' and the SaintB ' of his J hearts Nature bad written Gentleman." Hia wife and family- to whom generally. attached must feel keenly Bishop Preston never hesitated to under- he was so deeply take hard work: pioneering, colonizing in the loss of his dignified presence in the home the West as he has done requires men of circle, and his intense.sympathyinto-th-with all the ccme live? strong character and determination; he was griefs and sorrows that a good leader among men, and no doubt one of those near .and dear, but of the finest business managers in thises- - realize he has gone to, his rest among the tern land, this new country. as to speak. He blest, where some of tHe nearest and dearest was selected at different times to fill some of his own kindred and children had gone before him. "Blessed are the dead that die of the most important and trustworthy positions, and he never failed 'in his allegiance in the" Lord, yea from henceforth they rest to the people, or the trusts committed to his from their labors and their works do follow ' them' care. William Bowker Preston was born Nov.24, Bishop Preston departed this' life on Sun1830, in Virginia, on the family plantation, day afternoon August 2, 1908, at 3 p.m. He and became familiar witli all the duties and was sojourning for a change during the not weather with a part of his family at a sum responsibilities of a Soutnern planter. In 1852 he went on a .trip to California in mer resort in Cottonwood, he had not been the time of the gold fever and studied the very well for some time but not seriously ill mining situation in Sacramento, but after until the crisis came, and he passed peacesome experience in digging for gold, started fully away like "one lying down to pleasant a plantation in , the Yolo valley, where he dreams' Such deaths are glorious, and met" the family of Brother John Thatcher those hear and dear must moiimjt is human and became a convert to the Church of Jesus nature to feel keenly the loss of the society Saints of which the and companionship of those we love. Brother Christ of Latter-daSubseand. Sister Preston had been married over Thatcher family were members. quently and not long afterwards he came to half a century, fifty years last February, and Utah, at the time of Johnston's army, when to the wife bereft of the sweet companionPresident Brigham Young issued a call to ship of a beloved husband, the father of her all of the members of the Church to assemble children awakens the sympathy of her friends in the Rocky Mountains. Wm. B.Preston with and the community, and yet we know uHe the Thatcher family arrived here by way of giveth his beloveth sleep. San Bernardino Jan. 1, 1858, and soon after, He sees when their footsteps falter, when their he married Miss Harriet Ann Thatcher, Feb. hearts grow weak and faint; 24, 1858. The marriage proved a happy one He marks when their strength is failing, and listens to each complaint; judging from their beautiful home, life, and He bids them rest for a season, for the pathway unbounded hospitality in entertaining of has grown too steep; which hundreds and thousands of Latter-daAnd folded in fair, green pastures, He giveth his Saints have partaken. loved ones sleep, ' . After, that time Brother Preston became identified with large public interests, and Weep not that their toils are over, weep not that race is run; was in constant service whether at home or God their we grant may rest as calmly, when our work abroad filling missions; there were always like theirs is done! responsible positions to be filled and. he was Till then we would yield with gladness our treasures to Him to keep, qualified to undertake whatever labor in the in the sweet assurance, He giveth his Church he was called toperform, with honor And rejoice loved ones sleep." .. "anoTcredit to the Church and all concerned. Finally as a climax of his long career in Bishop Preston's body was brought to this of trust and he was confidence, positions city and after he was arrayed in his beautichosen to succeed Bishop Edward Hunter ful white robes and placed in the casket he as Presiding Bishop of the Church in 1884, was taken to the Assembly Hall which had this gave him opportunities to be known to been tastefully, draped in white; many floral Latter-daall the people Saints. The offerings. of lovely blossoms adorned tjie casfollowed this appointment! were ket, gifts of loving friends and associates. years that with Heavy responsibilities requirweighted Impressive funeral services were held at ing great wibdom,' prudence and knowledge one p. m. President Joseph t . bmith was of business principles, to cope with the con- present, the Tabernacle choir rendering the ditions and circumstances in which - the sweetest music. tributes to his Church affairs were placed in consequence life and character Eloquent were paid by the First of adverse laws and various grievances that and Apostles, and after the con-- . Presidency had to be met and dealt with. elusion of the services here the body was all those lis of .Through trying years taken to Logan for burial in the family plat Preston bore his of share stewardship Bishop there, where members of his family had prev the responsibility with diplomatic energy , iously been buried. . ..." tt. j was axiu uciuiu luxiiiuue. ne Funeral services were also held in the unwavering in his devotion to duty, and allegiance to Tabernacle at Logan, the city where so many the Church. He maintained the dignity of of his active life had been passed in the his calling as Presiding Bishop so as to win years " the admiration of all bis associates in office, Mster'service; fulfilling every duty to the entire satisfaction of all the people concerned in Church interests at large; so far as it is possible for man EDITORIAL NOTES. to do, certainly with unusual and intelligent There have been so many entertainments in line that of work ability which requires that ought to:be mentioned in this little paand the diligence, patience qualitvof leader per,, and so. iitte space to.give to each one ship;' an influence of power in management ' that we have decided to make only brief mat promotes peace and harmony among notes and apologize to our patrons for not ! w oman s nxponent I EMMELINE Ii. WELLS, Editor athi Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON A s ste tan t Editor Ma TmhllitV rvi'mrrinj " . L' '1 jL v. ,MY,1,W of BOuK, his ten ? co-worke- rs - Puidisbed monthly la Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms : one copy one year, ll.OQ ;' copy six jnonth, 50 ets. cities. No reduction made for City paper delivered by et. mall, extra for postage one year, Each rates: square, ten line of Advertising one time $l.oQ; per month, $3.00 A liberal spae , advertiser!. discount 7 i Room i u n Sou tlx Tem pie Exponent flW 10 Street: Business hours from: a. m. to 5 p. m., every' day, except Sunday. . Address all business communications to ' V Sirs. E. B. WELLS, . l non-pari- el Salt Lake City, Utah. KnttreS at thr u gecouJ Salt Fxt in Salt hike City. Ctah, Oltic August, RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE 190S. CUSS. To those' intending to take the mining 7nTirefl "ianoJif hv Dr. M n:TJnriPrtR nndpr the direction of the General Board of Relief Society it is desired that they communicate as early as possible with the Secretary-othat department Mrs. Phoebe Y. Beatie 55 North, West Temple Street, so that suitable homes may be provided Jor them during their course of study .where they can either pay for their board or earn sufficient to cover that obligation. The class will start September 21st, due they-doubtle- Bs yt y f . 'plaee where class will be held and other particulars. e . flan matttr. Lake City, Utah. . y - ' IN MEMORIAM. BISHOP WILLIAM B. PRESTON.. . ? "Beyond the poet's sweet dreanl lives I he eternal emc of the man." How true .are these lines just quoted of Bishop Preston, a man graced with every quality and attribute of soul, to lift him to the highest place in social and business life; richly "endowed by nature with that geniality that is so rare among men of a commercial character -- but where it exists spontaneously as with Bishop Preston gives the impression of true sincerity, and hot simply a desire to be courteous. t Although living many years' in the Westr-hnever lost the spirit of gallantry that is so men of the South apparent in the and particularly Virginia. That Bishrp Preston belonged to one of the oldest and most aristocratic families of settlements in that Virg inians of the locality the writer is aware from history. One. might" go on enumerating his noble qualities of head and heart, his generosity in giving,-his'- ;years has been proverbial among this people, and withal his loyalty to theT!hurch of Latter-day Saints of which he was a faithful member and officer of trust, and yet one could pot do justice in words of appreciation to his memory. A true lover of his country loyal to its government and institutions, and seeking to promote all its interests,' in, the best sense of the word. How ; well-bre- d r; -- broad-minde- d of-th- e , e nJ ix.;, y I f-- :.. .... i 