WOMAN'S-EXPONEN- T. "7. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. .... The Relief .Society. Conference of Box Elder Stake was held . in the Tabernacle PresiBrigHam City, November 5, 1907. . Sister presiding-:dent Susannah P; Booth ' was Emily Richards of the General Board BOX ELDER STAKE. - -- -. prejentralsaStakePresidentOleinStQh th. all she had seen and heard; spoke of training the young people the bare necessary to properly bring hom nn. etc.: crave explanations concerning the nurses class; spoke ori the influence of needed, everywhere.; to. woman, her - help put down lawlessness, so much destruction has recently been done by- our own children;-spokonkexiating conditions 'among us, and - B3idrthere-arewomeni-whot-would-r- and the officers of the Stake Relief Society. 16 branches of the Society were represent; ed. --- : . . ; e stake tabernacle and also thanked them for : their hospitality. Singing, "Do what is right." Conference by. Sister' Forcey. adjourned. Benediction '' ' . - ''" '.'. :: Eliza "A." Hawkins, ' : .Cor. Sec! SAN JUAN. The San Juan Stake Relief Society was held at Mancos, 'Colorado, on Monday, November 11, 1907.. Sister- - Annie T. Hyde and .Minnie H; James, of the eon-feren- athet. take care of dogs than children. Saint women know what The Latter-datheir jewels are. Read a poem, MThe Ma---President After- the opening exercises other ster'" She"6poke interestingly felt grate Rooth cave the opening address, of the Lord, urged the subjects. ful for the blessings Elder W. C. Horsley was pleased with the laws the in observing sisters to be faithful privilege of attending this conference and of to recent visit of her of the Church, spoke listening to the speakers, related an incident athad Lake Salt at City, the conference or two concerning tbe young people. Said, ' and enjoyed there tended many meetings .'we must sometimes take a firm" stand or the we will have no children."" Related several the instructions given, Relief Society Hall was in course of erec- incidents and experiences in. his travels donated been had what mentioned by tion, among the people, mentioned some of the towards the of the Relief stake, the Society the Relief Soy on-man- asa:greaLnuiiiber y of Stake President visftors were present. After the open-inMary N. Jones presiding. exercises', the reports of the ten branches of. the Relief Society were given. These reports showed a diligence in thyork, notwithstanding the "scattered condition here. Brother John Evans favored us with a vocal selection, "Sometime we'll understand." Counselor Annie T. Hyde of the General Relief Society gave an interesting of good work, accomplished by We of the society. specialciety in this stake; read two- poems, the first the early days we have to live the ize the Gospel, (logpel entitled ''The mean man," the second it. love The teach we can of the before " What have we done today." ; to enable President Booth said, we all have been Gospel should be God benefited today by attending this conference, us to keep all the commandments. thanked all for their attendance and assiat- - meant what he said, "Man, know thyself." We need to teach the young people to be ance. : After singing "Our God we raise to Thee" pure minded. We hope the girls will gradand bendiction by Sister Emmeline Watkins uate from the mutual and become efficient Relief Society workers. .We grow by what conference adjourned until next June. we give. The test of the love of the Gospel AnnieJ.,Vixom, is shown by the way we live. Don't worry, Secretary. preserve your health that your lives may be prolonged." NEBO. Sister Minnie H. James said the Prophet said every virtuous woman was to be a Conference of Nebo Stake Relief Society member of the' society.. He opened the was held at Mammoth meeting house, Presigate and led us in. dent E. J. Dixon presiding. After the usual Sister Vida Halls favored us with a solo, Sister Forcey, president "Sometime, Somewhere." opening exercises, A good spirit of Mammoth ward R. S., welcomed us to Our prevailed throughout the meeting. Mammoth Ward their city. Reported officers' meeting was held at 4 p. m., in Dixon condition. President in good society which the nurses' work was spoken of by was pleased to meet with us in conference Sister The day was perfect and Hyde. re and well with tbe good pleased capacity "everything contributed to the success of to Asked for a beat representative port. the conference. our union meeting to keep in touch with Mary Lyman, Sec. pro. tern. the workr We must keep up with onr duties, if we expect to gain the reward, if we keep thejaws we are sure to have the blessRESOLUTIONS OF RF5PECT EOF. SISTER ings, we must look in, and not out, look CAROLINE D. S. BROWN. Sister3 Whit-loc- k for the good in ourselves. and Freckleton sang a beautiful duef, Kind Words Cost Nothing. Sister Mary "Angels are Watching us," Whereas our Father in heaven has in His, infR. read article on S. work and inite an Brown niercy removed from among us our worthy ill inR. General and dearly loved Sister, Caroline D. S. Brown, duties, reported the .and, a creasing rapidly. Read what Sister Whereas the long and intimate relations with Smith said in regard to the scope of her as a member of the Wellsville Relief R. S. work. Recitation by Sister Millie" Society. faithful We deem it our as. officers of. said Sutherland. Sister May Miller talked on Society that we recordourduty appreciation. Therefore be That her wisdom and it environment. resolved, ungood Meeting adjourned ability as a faithful member and her wise' counsel til p. m., with singing and prayer. be' held in grateful remembrance. Conference reconvened at 2 p. m. After will Resolved, That the removal of such a life from singing and prayer, reports were heard from among our number leaves a vacancy and a shadow Sister Boyer of Silver, Sister Jones, Eureka, that will be deeply realized by all the members ot Sister Forcey. Mammoth, Sister, t Pierce, this Society and a serious loss to all who knew lite she Jived." Salem all in good working order, united her for the exemplary with tne That we Besolved, deeply sympathize Father " to and doing well. bereaved family, and pray our Heavenly Duet by Lizzie Allen and Laura Bring-- ., sustain and comfort them in the hour of their bitter trials. , V hurst, ' be resolutions a That of these Resolved, copy Sister Townsend spoke of the importance recorded in Society of. the Relief and magnitude of iL S.' work and the great and a copy the record inbook the Woman's Exponent published a and the good accomplished by sisters each year. copy handed to the bereaved family. Brother Chat win was pleased with the Sarah . Parker', Prest. ' that-haMary J. Parker, Sec y. beenlgiven here today, spoke of the power of:, love, with our children in g . felt-pleased-t- building. Garland Society was reported by President :Julia Bingham; Bothwell by Pres. Sophia Anderson; Beaver by President Lydia E. Watkins; Scandinavian Society by President Emma Pratt. - Sister Emily Richards said, there is an heavenly influence here wbich we always feel in the meetings of the sisters, referred to several meetings she had attended, where many sisters were present, where the influence of the Holy Spirit .flowed freely. Quoted remarks made by President Joseph F. Smith, also by the Prophet Joseph in progress and improvement. Women are a litte inclined to be contracted, they must expand before man will be what he might be, for they are the mothers of men. t President Stohl said, how thankful we should be for the gospel and for the grest knowledge we have received, the complete organization of the Church. The gospel was restored in this dispensation to prepare the He bore his way for the coming of Christ. testimony, "and related several incidents, spoke on the word of wisdom, advised parents to instruct their families in honesty and re--ga- rd to-wom- an's . ; purity of character. ' etrong-enoug- . . - . President Booth made a few closing marks. . . After singing prayer was offered by Counselor Mary J. Harding the sisters repaired to the vestry where refreshments were served, after which an officers' meeting was held and valuable instructions given by Jklrs. Emily Richards and others. Conference was reconvened at 2 o'clock. President Booth presiding. Stake Counselor W. C. Horsley was. present. After the opening exercises of singing and prayer, etc.. Bear River City Society was reported by President Sarah M. Fridahl; Elwood, by' Counselor Annie Hansen. Sister Lottie Cazier sang ' ' Providence is over all." Stake Counselor Emilia D. Madsen spoke on attending meetings, said, we. often ex cuse, ourselves and others for triflling cares. We can overcome these little difficulties if we are determined to do so; referred to her past labors and associations in the Relief Society, gave instructions to the, teachers, also" spoke at length on the word of wisdom, rejoiced greatly in the privileges of the gos' ' pel. Sister EmilyJRichaidsr expressed pleasure in witnessing, the order of the meetings here; Dixon reported Nebo Stake R. S., thanked how nicely and orderly everything was con- - the sisters for their contribution to the ' hi.-tor-y S.-st- -- ' Bath-sheb- ; - . " - ie-por- ' ts d Cov'eMnnd-cMtrolImglBeiPfelident- 7 Eleanora Duse has bought the celebrated Capponi palace in Italy for $120,000. 1 , 