WOMAN'S: EAFUN.fc.JNi l . GO " of honest men.ami women in whatever land or clime they dwell, or whatever their calling or the customs of the country they inhabit. They know for themselveswhen the Gospel woman s 1 1 J 1 1 1 ill ti tnll. rVyt r0Ti. one IaII (a y' lu. rtir vvjuijjt tvi . wrjfn . aeco::ac.iug;ijand 0f artistically musicians "rendered ' some of the choicest music in such soft sweet strains that thfe EMUELINEB. WELLS, Editor and Tub! Liter comes the .spirit bears witness to the earnest harmony was most delightful. Flowers in .ANNIE WELLS &INXON. Assistant Editor. and upright in heart, and they are made to profusion lent their sweet, fragrance to the the plan of salvation as atmosphere of the dear old house that is alin finding rejoice published monthly in Salt Uke City, .Utah. Terras laid down in the Scriptures, has been again ways full of tender memories of the days Vi-'-i-- . O fw.nM l ' ij-. : one copy one year, 1.W.; cm$ copy six months, 50 cts. No made for clubs. ' City papers delivered' by . r extra for njslagv of AdvertWug rates: Each square,- ten lines upace one time 2.50; per month, 3.00 A liberal ' discount to regular advertisers- Exponent office Koom afi'J Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. ni7 to 3 p." tiiT, erery lay, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ' !. Mrs. E. B. WELLS, . inaxL oiiy'(--Mr4Z.tTtr- el no.n-"pari- . Salt Lake City, Utah. gone by. Mrs. E. B. Wells was assisted in g friend Mrs. receiving - by her W. Smith also her daughters Mrg. ' Isabel Whitney Sears and Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon and the members of the General Board who were there to add to the success and pleasure of the friends who called to .shake hands and pay their respects to. the woman who had reached the four score mileEDITORIAL NOTES. stone of life., During the afternoon the PreOJtah" State of the Society sident of the Society in a few The Meeting held was . April Daughters of the Revolution, 16.Thursday,in theWoman's Exponent Office ,of money given by the members of the Genat ; p. m. Regent Mrs. Ella V. Hyde in eral Board. So unexpected' was the gift and the Chair Kegent .miss oatnarine so modest the manner in which the purse of Wells, Recording Secretary Mrs. Elizabeth gold was- given that no demonstration folR. Vright, and other officers and members lowed. The Daughters of the Pioneers also Lewis Mrs. also guest. presented her with a signet ring of pure gold Augusta Coray present; re. of members the most and The Regent but Mrs. Wells was requested to tell the with call to patriotic sentiments, ladies about her advent into the world, and sponded of Battle to Lexington, it being other real birthdays that had been celebratelating the so near the anniversary of that memorable ed, and she complied in an affable and day when the first shots were fired, that rather humorous style. It is said that nearbrought about the liberty of the American ly .or quite six hundred people called at the -people of which we are all so justly proud. Liprt House and shook hands with Mrs .Wells. The papers were in relation to the critical Mrs. Snith and other ladies. The room itperiod that elapsed after" the close of the self was almost a bower of roses carnations war and before the inauguration of the first and fragrant emblems of love and beauty. President cf the United States, Papers were Light refreshments were served to all the read by Mrs. Thomas G. Webber and Mrs. and guests by .young girls interestcontained and E.B.Wells many nieces of Mrs. Wells. Altogether it. was a not are that incidents and facts genering in Midwinter, delightful affair, a gala-danot familiar if even are or known so, ally and though the wind blew a gale in the Versed in well American who sre those among morning, the afternoon was pleasant and all UtaJi R. will D. State The Society history. things considered it was perhaps as auspicicelebrate its first cecade during the present ous of good, as the day on which Mrs.Wells year. was ushered into the world, a tiny infant, in ' r New England home. The Utah Women's Press Club and the a f Reaper's Social united in giving a party in honor of the birthday of the founder Mrs. E. B. Wells oh Friday evening. February 28, RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. real her birthday anniversary, preceding The April Conference of the General Rewhich occurred on the 29th. The party was held at the residence of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp lief Societyivbich occupied r two days, April and was quite a grand affair. The hall and 2nd and 3rd, was quite an event in the hisIt is the parlor were prettily decorated wiih flowers, tory of this grand organization. vines entwined with ribbons, and the rooms first time that two days sessions have been were filled with members of the club and in- held, and there was the largest attendance vited guests. Mrs. Wells being the guest of on record. The Conference was held in the Salt Lake honor. Instrumental music, songs, speeches and poems were rendered arid delicious re- Assembly Hall, opening Thursday morning, freshments served in the dining, room, April 2nd, at10 a. m. President Batbihe-bW. Smith presiding. Mrs. Lizzie Thomas which was also decorated, and everything possible to make it a joyful affair was Edward, Musical Director; Miss Edna H. done by the ladies of the club's.. Mrs. Coray, Accompanist. Wells was the recipient of some valuable Meeting opened by singing, '.We thank gifts and toward the close of the evening Thee O God for a Prophet' Prayer was ofy she responded in a very feeling manner fered by Sister Susan Grant, continued by though her emotiens were almost too strong singing, How farm a foundation ye fcaims to permit her to do justice to her friends, of the Lord." -- Roll call, by. the Secretary, who had been so generous and kind, both Sister E. B. Wells; general officers, 4; in word and deed. At the close a hymn board of directors, 7; 30 stakes out of 56 was sung ana a prayer ottered. Mrs. Wells answered to roll call.. desires the ladies who paid her such a tribute President B. S. Smith was very glad to of esteem and affection to accept her heart- .see so many dear sisters, 3he would like to felt acknowledgments and gratitude for the shake hands with each one, and she desired respect shown her. and in whatever way she to bless all present, and that they might bt can serve , them, she will be most happy to able to carry out the instructions given show them favor, and they have her love and by the Prophet Joseph when he organized sincere appreciation. " the society, prayed that all might have wis- - ,.. dom and strength, and; when we meet' the ' General Board of the Relipf -1JV1U Prophet (if we are permitted) that he will on the public reception birthday anniversary be well pleased, she believed he would be, of theySecretary Mrs. E. B. Wells, Saturday ! for she knew we had done well and. felt we 29, 190$, in the famous Lion House parlor, would continue in so doing. restored as promised by men of old. should be a convincThis ing proof to the young people in Zion of the magnitude of the mighty work in which the. Saints are engaged. . life-lon- Bath-sheb- a last-Conferenc- - -- -?--..T-- --:-7 well-chose- A'nttrrJ at the Pout Officr at second flax matttr. Salt M Salt hike CjlJ ,1't'ih Lake City, Utah. A rial., , 100S. r,A 1 hrst-Yic- e - AN ARTISTIC BOOKLET. . There is for sale at this office a booklet is sued by our President of the Relief Societyy Sister Balhsheba W. Smith for the sisters of the Relief Society or any who might desire to have one, eitherfor herself or a present to a friend- - The book is entitled "A Swarm of B's Bringing Blessings." Published for her eighty-fift- h birthday. There are in the book good pictures of Sister Smith thirty-fiv- e years ago, also one taken. forty years ago with Sisters Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. H Young, and Emily P- - Young, and one taken recently. Price of the book, fifty cents. grand-daughte- rs y , far-of- SEVENTY-EIGHT- ANNUAL CONFERENCE. H The General Conference of the Church held this month was very numerously attended and the spirit of the discourses of the Presidency, Apostles and other brethren were characterized by a lofty- - religious and spiritual fervor that wan most helpful and The music.was uplifting in its tendency. very inspiring and melodious, and altogether there was a general feeling of unity,and concert of action in all matters pertaining to the upbuilding of the kingdom of God upon the earth, and the furtherance of the spread of the Gospel in all lands, that must give en- couragementio those who are consecrating their lives to the cause of truth and, righteousness. It was a glorious sight to behold the assembly in the large tabernacle and to note the oneness of spirit and feeling, the desire to promote the best interests and welfare of the Saints andl)f all humanity. One can easily perceive the awakening among the Saints, during the past few years and sinee some of the old landmarks have and interest manifested been in i mproving and beautifyin g the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith,and the Temple i J i i J rpi . iu Iluucpcuucuc. uiauHi iuc laui seems . " 1 -- . who watch the signs ot the times cannot help feejing that the prophecy that the whole Western continent is indeed the land of in the, minds Zion is being of those who have eyes to see and hearts to understand. The progress of the Latter-dalands is strong testimony in f work in itself of. the truth that pervades the hearts well-establish- ed y far-of- - a . I . . . 'nm 1 -- - CI 1 I 