' ' ' . ' "''i.v:?'V.r.i v;;-'.- ; ' ' ' a Hv.iTr;,-':rv-'w'.'.,i-v.--;',;:;v-- ..." TV 4 f - -- A '- ; rv . IV . I f J The Jhllot Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY, 1908. 36; -- CONTENTS. of the Past. Personal ImEmmeline B. Wells 49 pressions - Letu r from. California. Sarah Jenne Cannon M 51 A Worn an'e Testimony.. Mary Ann Nickerson 50 Keliof Society Reports: Oneida Stake 55 . Interesting Conference in Arizona 5,5 Morgan Stake Alpine Stake L. i- - S. Women . ...Nellie Becraft In Memoriam.,...; the Rhine ...........................Romania Floating Down 52 .. B. Penrose 5.J ae Na(iaUt 'NUMBER. R was a stropg character is from her own picture. She was everywhere recthe Saints as a remarkable ognized among A woman whose soul shone out personage of her eyes, and who uttered wise sayings. r T l j j a. privilege At was considered to calli upon her, and one felt in her presence a sort of unusual reverence. To me she seemed what she really was, the mother of great men. She possessed a very good gift of language to express her ideas, and djd not hesitate to self-eviden- PAGE MID-WINTE- " ale st(tte aml the Home 'jj t . -- -- No. 7. purpass accomplishments or adornments of person. Sister Whitney was a notable char- acter in Church affairs, a- - woman who in- spired confidence, and both brethren and sisters came to her for counsel and com-- , fort. . In the day3 of Kirtland she gave much to the poorer Saints in. such a delicate way as not to oflend the most sensitive. She ' was intimately associated with Sister of bhe whom Emma, always spoke in the. of terms highest praise for her good works. " The peospeak somewhat authoritatively. Sister Whitney excelled in singing the ple paid her homage wherever she went and quoted he wise sayings. 'She impressed me songs of Zion, her voice was full of melody,", as a woman of great power end force of rich in tone, and she warbled like a bird character. She seemed to be by nature enon the high notes. dowed with the rare gifts of prophecy, blessShe was frequently alluded to by her friends in the early daY's,&8 the "Mormon" ing the sisters and healing the sick, as well as giving spiritual comfort and consonightincale; her voice was sweet and tender Poetry: Ray8........;.....................EK. S. 49 lation to the sorrowing and afllicted. Lucy and true,, exquisitely so, and though not a The Things That Count. .Clarence Urray 50 Smith was born in Gilson, Cheshire Co., woman of style and fashion, "she was a To Aunt Em. .TTJosepriine Spencer 51 ew iiampsmre, J my a, 1 o, ana aiea in arid a graceful dancer of the f - 1 or r; n r : X' tliiiuuia in a ball room or large yi woman who ehone 1000.may iauvuu, r i f l mt n t is of ine wjie oi me rropnet josepn must De gathering what termed the RAYS. and was never at a loss or ill at ease in any She next in order of early Church oraen, was a woman of great prominence among company; at all times womanly and attracOne single ray this Sabbath day " the people:' large and well proportioned, of tive, what she did and what she said -- was-the Across my dreary pathway fell. It passed away in shadows grey "proper' thing, A woman who could splendid physique dark complexion, with Before its glory I could tell. piercing eyes mat seemingly looKea one grace a lowly cottage or a splendid manSo many days unto my gaze sion, yet spiritual, in the finest sense of the through; noble in appearance and bearing The sky but cloud and mist hath shown, word and in so beautiful away that it char- - r and certainly favored of the Lord, who. called Enwrapping earth in dark'ning haze Ah! even thought hath sombre grown. upon her to prepare the first Hymn Book of acterized her whole life and 6hed around her a radiant atmosphere of love and peace, i the Latter-daSaints, and by revelation 'Tis hard to bear so small a share Elizabeth Ann Whitney was born in Dferby, Of life's great joys arid sunny" things, styled her the ''Elect Lady." New Haven Co.. Conn:, December 2G, 1800. To be oppressed with dotfbt and care, Sister Emma was benevolent and hospitWhile pleasures seem to flit on wings; able; she drew around her a large circle of Died in Salt Lake City, Utah, February 1, To yearn for power to learn each hour ' 1882. .: friends, who were like good comrades. She Some useful lesson for this life, The names of two or three great women was motherly in her nature to young people, While fame and wealth on others showe, are often associated together, and in early Without so much of weary strife. always had a houseful to entertain or be end and days in Utah, Sister AVhitney anoV Sister tertained. She was very 'Tis sad to rove away from love, Eliza were spoken of almost unavoidably, as the brethren and sisters..paid her great Through what it seems fates stern decree, it were, in the same breath;. .yet they were Emma was a reat solace to her husTo hear no more as oft Jbefore5?.5 Sweet frindships voices calling me band in all his persecutions and the severe very tmlike, Sister Eliza Roxie Snow was a To feel the bliss of loving kiss ordeals through which he passed; she was most remarkable characferi as were many of Upon my aching, throbbing brow Latter-da- y always ready to encourage and comfort him, the pioneer women in th Church of The clasp of hands Oh how I miss Saints,' but she wtfs something more devoted to his interests, and was constantly; A soothing presence with menow. She was even that. She was a woman of fine edu- - r than was possible. it whenever him by Yet while I pray for Etrength,this day-J- ust cation and attainments intellectually, and a. queen in her home, so to speak, and beas h'at beaming sunbeam fell: loved by the people, who were many of them gifted in various ways with unusual ability. A brilliant ray lights up my way A very pattern of neatness and order in all ' The power of our God to tell; indebted to her for favors and' kindnesses. A cheering thought b angels brought Emma. Smith was fond of horses and pertaining to herself and her work,oneof the r Makes clear the troubled turbid stream, behavcould manage them well in riding or driv-- . "old school" of proper manners . and ' Abjesaed truth divinely taught I knowft is no fleeting dream mg. .Many can reuan eeeuig iici uiuuuicu, ior. Everything she. did was of the best, whethLe& horseback beside her husband in military For just sG. bo re as I, endure emparade and a grander couple, could nowhere er it was braiding, straw,ormaking lace, In patience cease to cry aloud silk, sewing, knit broidering lace, muslin She always ciressea Decommgjy, be found. My Father's promises most pure" and a riding costume showed off her shapely ting arid mending, all must be done to perDispels the fog, removes each cloud, feel me True joys reveal, which make She was a fection, and she always used the finest ma-- , to the best advantage. figure That all I bear is gramTand jnst; woman of commanding presence and in her terial possible to procure. Punctuality was will He reveal, Faith's, bursting ray one of her virtues, and she insisted upon it Oh blessed balm of hope and trust! palmy days, a brilliant conversationalist. R. S. Bom in Harmony,Susquehanna, Co., Penri. , in others; industrious beyond her physical r and economical in r all matters, . July 10, 1804; died in Nauvob, Illinois, April strength, of whether money, time or means; she was a v.V ;: 1 ; ,. . 30, 1879. difficult to choose pi many great very early riser, often remarking, one hour L. D. S. WOMEN OF THE fAST women who should be mentioned next, but in the morning is worth'twoin the evening." ' PERSONAL IMPBKSSIOXS, ' Sister Eliza was the Puritan type in the ex- to. me it seems most in keeping with the BY EMMELINE B. WELLS. treme; religious in temperament and by in-- , A-- idea I have in writing this series, to take measures "Hew She, too, like heritarice. No half-wa- y Kpfhi Ann Whitney. Tn Win a cptiVh nf Vftrnftmbrances of to the line and to the plummet" with ier ; eminent women, who havebeen conspicuous Lucyand Emma Smith, stands somewnal an old saying originated from the script- nlnnf from many grand woman of her day. in Church history, one must first mention and attracure quotation, "Judgement also will I lay to' ' ofJber spirituality great because die of Joseph Lucy Smith, mother Prophet of rare the line and righteousness to the plummet" Smith7 This" article is not to be life sketches tive personality, a woman possessed manner. A natural (Isaiah 28, 17). Her endurance of fatigue but, as stated, only personalities froin the charms in voice, and tactfulness that in traveling, or'of all kinds of hardship was. writer's point of view.- jThat Lucy Smith, lady with the intuition and 55 ................."....' 55 Resolutions of Respect. ... .50 Kotes and NeW8.................. Editorial: An Artistic Booklet Relief Society Annual Day The Jubilee Box. . . 52 ' :.. ...... 52 Jottings.:;.:..:......:.;. . : Editorial Note In Memoriam -- old-typ- e, 1 1 1 1 1 - I best-societ- y; tilt . y . . high-spirite- re-spe- ct. . - :- " -- 1 I . ' ; - . . -- . ; : li--i- s w v.-- N , -- - 