w m S 7; W fa, hands of thf Vol. 37 lU'lief Society Liberty - Ca .Poker 'to -- -- letter theljome, the - ......... .....Annie Wells Cannon Stake Reports: Snowllake Union PIONEER LITERATURE AND WRITERS. TAG E Millard ANNJE WELLS CANNON. 25 lintah.: . .............. .""'SO fit 29 20 31 31 31 32 32 E.-s-ay 32 Editorial: The Election of a President Editorial Notes Ellis R. Shipp Poetry: Intuitive Solace. 2S .1!-,...- '. h ; 27 Nebo 1 Ministering Christmas Angels Susa Young Gates Twenty-nint- h Anniversary.. .Amelia Wardrop In Memoriam of Elizabeth Hill Maughan Birthday Party....; Emily Isaacson Portland Relief Society ... National Council of Women..... Notes and News on Prayer Rinta Snow " of Utah should vy. ii 28 25, In the different epochs ! . of the world's his- tory great spirits have been born to carry out the wondrous deigns of the Creator. Few comparative! v are the nnmeq nnsopfl J' down through the generations that have achieved great deeds in the world's drama, so turning back the page we read of Moses and the prophets, but the names of, those who helped them in their great works are long since forgotten. Then we come to the awakening and the world is illumined by the birth of Christ, marvelous was the work of his disciples, men and women that their names; have been handed, down through the centuries to. be revered by the children of men as Saints; and yet it is the Saints, those whose lives are nothing in the balance against the work of God who have left their "foot prints on the sands of time" and whose praises are sung throughout- the ages. Since the hour of th6 transfiguration when Christ died that man might live, nations have had their rise and fall and men and women have played great parts upon the . stage of life. The brightest constellation of stars since that time in all the world's great history ap peared with the dawn of the 19th century. The civilized world was shocked and devastated with Napoleon's great army. Literature, science, art, religion.all the finer feelings were dormant, commerce and invention were stagnated, for the wealth, force and sinew of nations was being applied towards checking the onward march of that master General but there was a quickening in the world's pulse when Napoleon met his Waterloo. Out of the darkness came great light. Jn the literary world alone were born many most. glorious spirits, Hugo, Eliot, Dickens,-Bancroft-. But the brightest star in all this wondrous constellation, the brightest since the sorrowful Nazarene, was the spirit of - V . INTUITIVE SOLACE. I hunted all over the garden My garden now yellow and sere I Stated the Natton. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER, 1003. CONTENTS. Pioneer Literature and Writers - Women 11 - wanted a flower for my darling, A flower with a message of cheer. iiut dead leaves were rustling about me, The lilies had bent their fair heads. The sweet peas and asters in .mourning, With the daisies asleep in their beds. turned with a sigh, while I wondered, Why all things so lovely must fade; Why love's tender ties must be sundered. And hopes in the ir graves must be laid. I Why eves must grow dim with their weeping, Why hearts must e'en break with their ach- - ing Why moments slip on while we're sleeping, And life's wine is lost in partaking. In vain I had sought for a treasure. That breathed of new life and great peace; Disappointment I found without measure, to ease. But nothing heart-hunger o'erwrought with a sorrow, My head bent low on my breast; E'en hopes in the joys of a morrow, Seemed all dead along with the rest. My soul was But just as nay footsteps were turning, My heart gave a sudden great bound; Ah, something 1 saw small and purple, Yes, surely one flower 1 had found. Joseph Smith the Prophet. With him came others to help in his won drous work, chosen spirits sent by the ter to perform the Master's work and among those master spirits "are those. of whom the Latter-daSaints maybe justly proud today fine for' their literary genius and attainments. It has been remarked that. Utah hag made much greater advance in music and in art than shehas in literature, that from a worldly standpoint in fact she had made no progress at all, her writers had made no Jame outside her boundaries, while her musicians and painters were widely known. Tf this he true, as perhaps it is in part, it is due to the fact that the literature of Utah is largely of a religious nature and a prejudiced world is reluctant to give merit even where merit is due. Sublime themes in painting the and music are inspiring and pleasing-teye and ear without particularly appealing to one's reasoning powers, while the same subjects dealt .with in a literary way call forth the reasoning and argumentative powers of the micd and are less apt to receive A picture is accepted by the critics favor. or the not for the sermon that y It scarcely could peep from the grasses And leaves that enshrouded it there, Just kissed by the sun's glinting flashes. My dear little violet fair. -- I'd been seeking for flowers most regal, All gorgeous in color and form; Forgetting that nothing could equal The sweet, modest violet's charm. So fragrant, and yet unassuming, How perfect your power of speech, So faithful for aye in your blooming, Most potent the lesson you teach. ' Inspiring a patient endurance, Though trodden beneath careless feet; Firm trust and a constant assurance, Our joys in the end are complete. , Sweet spirit of infinite feeling, E'enionnd-i- n the4olds-o- f this flower, Go thou with divine, tender healing, . And comfort her heart from this hour. Ellis R.f sIIIPP. -- o - story that it tells hut for its beauty in ing and coloring, its perfect perspective, its symmetry ami lines. A musical composition not so much for its theme but such arrangement, of sound as to produce the most telling and harmonious effects; but a poem or a story or writings of any kind must have besides the genius of inspiration and trie learned acquirement of composition the art to appeal to the. sympathy and reason of the human mind, before it ranks among the classics. That Utah has now and has always had such works I do maintain whether the world's critics received them as such or not. The writings of the Utah authors should justly claim a first place in the ranks for erudition, composition, inspiration and sen' timent. True in the field of literature known as Fiction Utah can make little claim to excellence and yet in all the world's history there can scarcely be found a people, whose traditions, experiences and sentiment so abound in those attributes and acquirements which are necessary for the making of a successful novel. A people taught, however, almost from the beginning to refrain from reading that class of literature are not very likely to study the art of composing" it and what few attempts have been made have.been confined largely to the short story telling for magazines and newspapers by some of our later writers with probably the exception, of the dramas and stories of Edward W. Tullidge and that rather striking story of Corianton from the Book of Mormon by Brigham H. Roberts and some religious novels by Nephi Anderson. The class of literature embracing treatises, essays, letters, history, journalism, and poetry, has always existed with the people of Utah and is of the highest and best order. In the building of an empire where all the strength and ability of every man, woman and child, had to be spent towards the making of homes, little time could be given towards the cultivation of the talents in the higher refinements, and yet from the foundaSaints tion Of the Church the Latter-dahave been a studious reading people and the record of the Church itself is a literary dra- ma. "Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom, seek learning even by study and by faith" is a commandment given through the Prophet Joseph Smith to his people, and so seekingand learning by study and by faith out of the best books the people of this commonwealth have ever had" before them ; the highest ideals of literary work: "The writer of a book, is not . Carlyle says he a preacher, preaching not to this parish or that, on this day or that but to all men, Men in all times and places. of letters are a perpetual priesthood from age to age teaching all men that a God is The still present in their life. the of world, true literary man is the light sacred a like the world's priest; guiding it pillar of fire in its dark pilgrimage through the waste of time." From the time when the boy prophet brought forth from the Hill Cumorah and gave to the world, that great- est "and most powerful of booksthe Book y . 