..r 'v' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. tR. men 61 was more- blessed than anv- - Why do eo:.many "young i'rCl rwy.yuyu ra'j,ming tmn in trie world; .t.fcw The physician stated his experience 'tim eral President, she was indeed gratified that Sister Clarissa ' S. Williams, one of. the matter had led him to believe it was due to" we bad Sister, Smith with us, and hoped general oflicers-othe made a tellexcessive daneing; girls work all day and live to. meet with us as long as ing and forcible address.Society, she might She had left the dance at night in or badly ' her name was.a household word meeting this morning to she desired, pay her last respects .ventilated rooms, and they attended parties , all the Saints. "We know she has to one of our 'dear among young mothers, who had when they are not in a proper conditioivof been honored of the Lord, a noble daughter, been called into had health; Sister Home maintained girls ehould beyond,-an- d , a true wife and a glorious mother, and we there heard many of the beautiful things be taught to stand well, these things can be in adoration, for she that our Elders can . bow to intheediF-catio- n say about" motherhood." taught in of head at the the stands "How great is the wonderful mission of grandest charitable that began in the home, take proper in We the world. are blest of mothers, we are blest beyond all women care of. ourselves, in very way, our health organization the Lord and because our work is so unselfand therefore, should be the best mothers in is almost the first consideration, spoke of We have been we ish. have been the world;" referred to the differences in beautiful and attractive homes. called, to chosen, represent our Heavenly Father children, how easily some are led and how Prof. W. C. Clive played a very beautiful in , connection on earth with the Priest.-here diflicut it is to guide others, urged faith and violin solo ' accompanied on the piano by hood, and I ask our Father in heaven to prayer, thought the adversary was busier Master Clifford Clyde. bless all the workers. May our motto ever than ever before. Hpoke of the many Congregation, sang, "Lord dismiss us with and I ask amusements that take the young people Thy blessing," etc. be, "Faith, Hope Charity," and Benediction by Sister : -of Jesus. Amen.5' name the in it from the home, and how watchful- mothers E. B. Wells. ; must be, to preserve the purity of the youth E. B. WELLS. Secretary. ; Contralto solo, Miss Mabel Cooper. of Zion; alluded to the young, innocent girls Close of first day's Conference. Stakes were called to report first: presifrom the country meeting with dent, E. L. S. Udall, St. John; President coming Bathsheba B. Grundy,- Wayne; President strangers and in an idle moment perhaps D. R. NEW YORK CITY. falling into danger, spoke feelingly of the Louisa B. Benson, Oneida; President Mardifficulties that have to be met, and stated The annual meeting and biennial election garet A. Romney, Ensign; President Minconcerning a.epecial committee that, had of officers of the General Society of the erva E. R. Knowlton, Davis. been appointed by authority, to iook after Daughters of the Revolution will b.e held in Supt. Emma A. Eriipey of Relief Society these matters and. of ibp. magnitude of the NeW York during the week of Aprjl27th, nurses, made a plea for more young women work. Sister Williams advice with headquarters at the Waldorf 'Astoria. gave excellent to be sent this year, to take the nurse course, that should be followed; thought that every Ten new merdbers will be elected to the and dwelt briefly upon the great need of woman coming to the city, should put Board of Managers. more nurses and the benefits to the young young herself in communication with the Bishop The program for the week will include a. women themselves as well as good to others. of the ward where she expects to reside;' reat the new plazar given by - the reception also Y. Beatie Sister Phehe spoke upon the lated some facts that had come to herknowl New York Society D. R., a theatre party, a earnest same subject making an appeal to edge that proved that we sisters should all banquet at the Waldorf and excursions to the presidents, and others to interest the be missionaries in helping our young girls points of local and historic interest. young women in the study of nursing. to protect themselves, prayed that all might An especially pleasant and interesting Miss Brain. Lottie Serenade' heed the warning she had given and added, convention is expected and a full attendance "Angel's More Relief Society stakes were called. "May our Heavenly Father bless us with is desired. wisdom and intelligence and help us to live President Matilda Flamm reported Fremont, President Susanna P. Booth, Box Elder. np to the Golden Rule, "To do unto others unto us. as we would have them OUTLINE MOTHERS' WORK. Morning session closed by singing, "Re S. the Elizabeth Sister Sister Wilcpx thought deemer of Israel." Benediction by ' PA ROWAN STAKE. had been beautifully of children the care Rhoda A. Lyman. Lesson 1. Life and its responsibilities. Afternoon session, 2 pm., opened by touched .upon this afternoon but that little eingirig, "Come, come ye Saints," prayer bad beensaidof their physical care; "no woWhy are we here? We must sometime give a and mother becomes marries who man Cannon. was offered by Sister Sarah Jenne an account for the way in which our lives mothto how should know Mrs. but nurse, many musical have been spent. director, Singing led 'by the for about little know ers of health, every caring Lizzie Thomas Edward, "Daughters Lessson 2. Have an aim in life. Zion rejoice evermore,'' composed expressly human being is a bundle of tendencies, which shows us the need of knowledge; for this Relief Society Conference by5ister That of making happy homesGood . but are natural nurses, Annie Wells Cannon, and before singing the some mothers cooking an important factor. Good health of a little should know Politeness and courtesy at home another. song was read to the congregation by Sister every mother more in cniidren Alice Merrill Home, the singing was accomhygiene and pnysiolosy, aie also important. Count your blessings inchildhood are and early but not your trials and you .will find much panied by Prof. W. C. Clive and his son, their infancy in not over-fethan having cause for happiness. Master Clifford Clive, and the hymn was jured by'being is fostered often disease and sufficient food, . very beautifully rendered. Lesson 3. Women in professions. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde made the byuncleanliness. We should not forget that disease is a poison, mothers should reach :(a) What professions are most suitable opening address of the, afternoon, she referred to the reports made in the morning, out their influence in the neighborhood and for women to follow? (b) Motherhood and commended the sisters for their earnest, help physically as well as other ways a professional woman, (c) Motherhood is "X do believe the instinct of all women and greater breadth faithful and diligent labors, knew they had, spiritually and mentally. chilof wise care parents. and clearness of understanding should not depended upon the Lord, felt the good done that through the to have We saved. ought dren may be militate against any natural human instinct was invaluable, and spoke of the beautiful much so sickness to among but only serve to develop it. prevent hymn just sung, written by Sister Carnon, power that it just carried tne spirit of the work; children." Lesson 4 .Mothers to be companions; Sister Minnie H. James said that the be" she felt there was a very decided growth in work when was Relief her of Society (a) Mothers should share the joys, sorthe Society the; past year, more granaries ginning a little girl she went to the meetings with rows and amusements ol their children. built, better attendance at meetings, beautiher mother to take care of the sisters cnii(b) Strive' to do justice to the nature of the ful outlines prepared for Mother's work, her and child. now dren while they quilted and sewed, , giving better results, hoped the work our cniidren mat would reach more of the young mothers; idea was if we would teacn Lesson 5. Faith: in was helping others, dwelt upon this line of work and of young their real , pleasure (a) What is faith? , (b) On whom does nerhaDS we could overcome this excessive women gaining knowledge, referred particuseeking. If we have the Spirit of our faith rest? (c) Show that it is a prinlarly to preparation for motherhood, and pleasure ciple of action, (d) Show that it is a printhe Lord it will be a guide to us. also to the greater opportunities nowadays.; Sister Alice' M. Home referred to: the good ciple of power, (e) Example of faith. epoke of establishing libraries and mentioned felt- - after v things she had heard today, and : . Lesson 6. ; the great responsibilities resting upon toothReading. than mother be better .a she all that might in the princiers in training their chi (a) "Seek ye out pf the best books words Referred to her visit before. been had she to mothers tha ples of the Gospel, exhorted of wisdom, seek learning by study and also Arizona and a conversation with a physi- done in had if see and they question themselves and the question arose, by faith' (Doctrine and Covenants.) (by met she there, ciah to given their full the .w or me uen- - ...v. - . , '. . f over-heate- d, -- the-worl- her-almo- d st ved early-youth,-belie- t f - - - - , -- . -- d . : ' -- - ." - duty, felt opportunity J 