WOMAN'S The-lMl- r. Vol.-SG- the Past. TAG E Personal Im- ...Emraeline B Wells "(". pressions... Editor-U- 7Puok-o- f Veree.;....... TA The Alps..... ..-v..The .Lydia I). Alder- - ... ...Lydia I). Alder 70 History of the U. V. Press Club....:.... Mothers' Work: Relief Society .70 Stake Reports: Millard Alpine 72 ..." (57 t'J Caroline E. Partridge Lyman .. Resolutions of Respect -- 71 Millard Stake.. rln Memoriam In Mefnoriam . l!c (fy 70 70 - .- Jn Memoriam . An Artistic Booklet..;....' Editorial: A De.'ightful Reception '. IW . (JS McDonald Golden Wedding................ Honors Poetry: An Eastern Anthem...... J... ...MARY KI.ly JS "1 Pv'Kj(i5 ripened; she had been trained in the home industries of carding, spinning, deing and all that pertained to the home jconomy. Sister Presendia was-- a good judge of- - stock, and domestic animals, cows 'sheep, or horses, one might say by instinct, knw all the good and bad-- points, could ride or drive any horse that a man could manage, and drove her own team across the plains "into the valley. Besides the admirable-qualitiesnot usually found so strongly' developed in women, she had superior mental and spiritual qualifications that corresponded with the physical endowments. She was a woman of power in all religious lines, gifted in prayer and in blessing, not only with words but with manifest inspirational power, and was frequently selected on" great occasions on account of this uncommon gift. to pray. Jn large public gatherings and assemblies. She had a very good, ToiCe, women which is quite exceptional among speakers, even those who have had training along the lines of public speaking, culture Sister Kimball of the voice and so forth. was a natural platform speaker, and she reasoned wll on all subjects of every day life, and questions of public interest and welfare law and order; she was thoroughly versed in the scripturescould converse intelligently with ministers of all denominations, and was often prophetic in her utter ances. '.. She was a woman who seemingly knew how to meet every emergency.and to be able to conquer every difhculty that came in her way, totally without fear, brave in the truest amid scenes of sense, and misfortune or calamities, more so than any woman I have ever known in my wide experience of womankind. There is no doubt .of her. having the revolutionary blood of her ancestors in her veins. sister Kimball, like her younger sister, Zina Huntington Young, possessed that, natural gift of healing that is so manifest in those whom we speak of as "born. nurses," The sick came to her to be administered to, I might say dailyj'.she not only had great faith, but she inspired faith and confidence Doubt? in thoe to whom she ministered. less she would have made a skilled surgeon, in fact she had acted in that capacity in setwere no docting broken limbs when there tors at hand. Sister Presendia was tall, she carried , large and herself well, and would be notable among a she crowd; she looked to be exactly what really was, a woman of extraordinary capain life bilities, could fill almost any position that required moral power and force of withcharacter, I think J may safely say out fear of contradiction, that she blest: more of the humble and lowly sisters than Church. any other one sister in the was not a bed of . Sister Kimbairs life ' rtooa. ikora wprfi more thorns. thistles ana briers in the way; indeed she had passed, as it were, through a faery furnace. mere wee ipflfhs. too; in her large famrly ana after coming to Early one particularly sad. , iM was t. the valley, a very. Deaumui mwc born to her, and when the child was of the , -- . 'Howe, the Mac and the Nation. AN EASTER ANTHEM The birds are singing in the boiighs, Their glad notes greet our ears, While on the trees and meadowlands, The, sign of spring appears. From winter's bondage freed at last, . ' In joyous minstrelsy They sing to praise their Risen LoTd, An Anthem of the. free. ; "c "...the birds, ' ' "The Lord is Risen," sing . And buried in the gloom The little seedlets burst their bonds To rise to life and bloom; The insect with the birds unite, In joyous minstrelsy, . They sing to praise their Risen Lord, Vn Anthem of the free. 'The Lord is Risen," mortals all, Shall we refuse our praise? Shalf we alone of all the. blest, . Refuse our song to raise? From sin's dark bondage freed at last, In joyous minstrelsy, We'll sing to praise our Risen Lord, An Anthem of the free. self-possess- ; U D. S. WOMEN OF THE PAST. PERSONAL IMPRESSIONS, BY EMMELINE B, WELLS. - In contemplating the lives of the women of the past among our j people,' one cannot help feeling that they were women of destiny called and chosen to help in layipg the work in this foundation of the; Latter-da-y last dispensation. One of the most heroic and remarkable among these early pioneers in the Church was Presendia Huntington Kimball. She was possessed of wonderful vital power and She had the faculty of drawing influence. people around her, who looked up to her for advice and instruction, and she never failed in knowing what to say, and how to satisfy them. "::: .-7 Her knowledge of affairs outside of woman's domain was extensive and extraordinary. She had the ability of a good farmer, cultivated- - trees, vines, shrubbery, I . 'K.-'- well-proportione- . Botl parents mourned greatly over the.im- . timely. death of the little girl, who had boen namedCelestia.and indeed she seemed purely celestial. Such orcleals are indeed sorrow-fu- l. ' One of the episodes in Sister Fresehdia'fl life to which she often referred with tender pride' and satisfaction was her, two visitset to Liberty jaij in. Missouri, when "Joseph-the-Proph- and his brother Hyrum, the Patriarch, were incarcerated there at the time of the mobbing of the Saiiffs in Missouri. Sister Presendia's first visit was in cam-- , pany with Father Huntington, Heber C. Kimball and Alanson Ripley. ; A second , visit' was made, with Frederic G. Williams, at one time Counselor to President Joseph Smith. This' visit was a comfort to Sister r Presendia as long as she livd; she also had a personal letter from the Prophet Joseph, written while he was Jn prison, whichhe considered her choicest treasure as long as. . ; she lived. Sister Presendia made a profound impres- sion iipon, her friends and associates, and especially- upon strangers, from her genial manner and grand appearance, shewas like one would expect tbe revulutionarv mothers were, as valiant as those who fought for liberty, but who bore their brunt of the :bat,tle at home, without receivhig the' honor. Presendia Lathrop Hutitirrg$on Kimball-waborn at Watertown, New YorKSeptem- ber 7, 1810. Died at Salt Lake CityLUah, . February 1, 1892. v " . . . -- . -- s : - ed ; Mary Kelly Pye dead. g - agesjiAell in City Creek, hand the child "was " was at and though help rrnbst jnteresting . - No. 0. ' , far-reachin- v rawer Jo letter the a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, IOCS. . L. H. S. Women of . IN in the hands of thc ..Yoinei( of; Utah should ot contents; . .... d, ' In writing of these notable women of the past, I am doing so from niy . own .point of view and personal observation; arid as things appealed to me, and the memories T cherish of them, that I am anxious to hand of today and oJF down' to the the future. Each one of whom. I write lias been my personal friend, and of most ol them I have published biographies while : living, and I feel that I kndw jheir sterliag worth to the community in which they lived and labored- Among those women of the past whom I dearly loved, I count one among the idear; est, Elizabeth Howard, we called her our representative Irish woman, rand she was fond-o- i thq title; for she dearly loved her ' :. countryN In her person she was a magnificent specimen of womanhood. She had been carefully educated, and her opportunities for culture had been excellent. Her father, was a man of broad and advanced .views; and she had learned much of public matters concemin? Ireland by listening to the conversation pf Irish gentlemen who visited her fathers house. This had been helpful in broaden-- , of life and ing her own mind and her views' its affairs. Moreover, I she was so amiable and tactful in presenting; her side of the who question, that she made friends of those held entirely adverse opinions The younger, people were very fond of her society, Bhe was vivacious, witty, winning Sister Howard was always and attractive. 4 young-women- , '- - . ; X 