WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 2S Woman s Exponent D. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one 'year, 1$. 00; one copy tlx months, 50 cts. '"rPuMJahel monthly !X cts. mail, extra for istaj: one year, ten linen of non-- . 'Each rates: nquare, Advertising pariel space one time 2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Koom 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. in. to 5 p. m., every lay, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. H. WELLS, , Salt Laki City, Utah. 23 . f KnttrtJ at tht Pott at second tlast matUr. Salt Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, Lake City; Utah. November, 1908. THE ELECTION OF A PRESIDENT. "There is a tide in the affairs of men Which taken at the Hood leads on. to fortune." A national election is always interesting and generally somewhat sensational. Certainly the last.election has been very much so. The writer recalls the first election . "when William her recollection, Henry Harrison was elected President of the: United States, though she was a very little girl,' it was what might be termed an illustrated campaigner even spectacular, for such it really was. To the children it was exceedingly picturThose who witnessed the street esque. parades and the pageantries can never forget them; log cabins on wheels, imitation barrels of hard cider and all the paraphernalia of scenery that could be improvised to attract the voters and excite the populace. Campaign songs on new subjects were quite in vogue, and everywhere the refrain ' Tippecanoe and Tyler too" was echoed by the children as familiarly as "Yankee Doodle." There was a bitter tirade against Van Buren, and we children thought he must be a monster. Such campaigns aie more or less demoralizing, and no wada3's, after half a century or more of the rapid progress of civilization "of which people boast so much, there ought not to be such bitterness and strife between the opposing parties, as there seems to be whenever a national election is in progress-Peoplcome to their sober senses afterwards, but one hears more or less of frauds and deceptions until the inauguration of the President takes place, and then politicians are busy watching party maneuvers. within , e With yigilant eyes, ever watching the foes, Who are prowling around them and aiming their blows." - : The "campaign in Utah has been an exciting one for other reasons than the two parties would make it, and women have perhaps been morej active than ever heretofore, there certainly seemed to be much at stake, that would naturally arouse women, especially mothers of families to feel it was time for them to show their 'colors and to stand for liberty; and' having equal suffrage why not use it and make it a power for freedom. There was an incentive to be up and doing and the women of Utah rose to the occasion valiantly. Even women who are indifferent to the ballot,; and rather careless about voting, were anxious to exercise their privileges and to use their influence where it" would be ill-wi- or ll nrmarent among tne women voters, they were loyal to tnenearis ' u .. cdre. In a very pronounced way this election Women has been educationil politically. who had taken little interest in public affairs or questionsJiave be.en read ing jtte literabeen enlightened c. ture distributed on national issues. It is as much the duty of women to comprehend, the matters, of government as men, for they are the teachers of men, at least, while they are boys, rtotonly in the home at the fireside, but thousands of women in the public schools. Women who travel nowadays, get enlightened on certain subjects when they attempt to bring home expensive articles from other Countries,' and find, themselves out of pocket or involved in litigation. However now that civil government is taught in the schools and studied in women's clubs the country overthere is little.cx-cus- e for ignorance on . matters of grave importance. The women of at least most of the states have had suffrage campaigns that have reached the homes remote from the great cities and so much literature has been distributed, that it would seem women everywhere are posted on the great quesAnd it is tions of the day in both parties. quite"hoticeable that women generally are not ag partisan as rflen are. The great suffrage teachers have inculcated in their teachings the principle of tolerance in this respect and it has been one of the helpful influences in the suffrage organizations throughout the world wherever women are making efforts for enfranchisement. With the wide popularity of Mr. Bryan, who is really so mnch better known than .Mr. Taft, it is strange that ao few votes were cast for him. That it was really a Republican victory there is no denying. It cannot be attributed to the man, as it wculd probably have been if Theodore Roosevelt had con? ented to the clamor of the party leaders and allowed his name to appear for a third term. Mr. Bryan has certainly proven himself a generous gentleman in facing the results of the situation so gracefully and nobly as he has done; and has won for himself the honor and admiration of the people in meeting his defeat heroically. ."A. great man struggling in the arms of fate." Woman suffrage is still a novelty even in the states where they have voted for .years, and when a national election is on there is more or less agitation, especially if women lire asking for any privileges. Miss Susan B. Anthony said many years ago, will be very unwilling to give women places. of emolument or trust' and her words have been verified in most instances, except where the salaries were very small; it is that it is true; here and there a few men are generous and and even helpful in the election of women. in uian mis year one tmnKS so, ioiaoiy but out of all the women in the state only two, one in each party, were nominated to be voted for to fill positions, Of course men think women should be very gratefuT to them if they get anything in the way of office with a salary attached. In the recent election women were very much in evidence, and were enthusiastic or quite, as much so as men, if they did not" make as much noise at public gatherings, or sing campaign songs. However, there are many subjects in legislative, .work that niri.fafliini Editor and Publisher AXME WELLS CAXXOX, Assistant Editor. eSiJIELIXE Very little, if any monwealth. wim . . . and-hav- , - men a,-pit- broad-minde- d . uU wnjn welras'nier quite a of f large number Utah women, that the time will come ere long, that women may have a place-ipublic affairs that will give them an opportunity to help make and enforce laws that will be for the promotion of the welfare of all concerned. We can, however with all propriety, conn gratulate ourselves here in Utah on the kuo cess of the election, and hope and believe that the future of this dear commonwealth will be in safe hands, and the best interests of the people not be jeopardized by schem- ing and designing men. The pioneers who made the country habitable 'cannot possibly be considered usurpers; they have known what it. was to sweat and toil and face all sorts of dangers and difficulties, and their ons and daughter' and those who came here tot remain, who believe in justice and equality, .should to also-hel- "Uphold the right though fierce the fight, And powerful the foe," etc". EDITORIAL. NOTES. There are so many important happenings in the world today, that'it seems very essential we should have means sufficient to. admit' of publishing our little paper more regular, and it is necessary in order to do this to Fecure more subscribers and that they should pay down. We are now offering an inducement that we hope may be It is the picture successful in this regard. of Lucy Smith, mother of the Prophet Joseph Smith, which is declared by those who knew her intimately to be a very good likeness, offered to any new subscriber and to' any of those now taking the paper who will pay up and prepay for one ear ahead. Also any of those who have discontinued the paper if they will renew subscription. To all agents everywhere the same terms as formerly, including the picture, and we feel the Woman's Exponent that has done so much for the women of the Latter-daSaints is deserving of their continued patronage. In the Relief Society, in all the wards and stakes of Zion it is y The Eglishwoman's Review has now been published half a century, and says in the October number of this year its-edito- that , r , the history of the 'Review' would be equivalent to writing that of the whole woman's movement of which it is itself the principal register. Or the whole story of the Parliamentary vote for women on the like terms as it is granted to men. Each of these would fill many volumes, and the volumes have been written in plenty, but one may certainly say that all through the rise and progress of the various movements, tne jngnsn woman Review has been the one contemporary and living chronicle of their history in the making of its "Annual Register " in fact as the workLof Edmund jJBurke- - was the- political history of his day. It bears, we may say. the same relation to the woman's movement that medieval work as the Anglo Saxon Chronicle, Matthew's Paris, William of Worcester and Gregory have to the events of their-'ow- n time, and is worthy to be serious-- , ly regard in times to come as the "firsthand and practically original source of information on its special subjects," "Any chronicle of -- I ,4 