'(,. .. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 99! Stke t?oj:e of- - - .'his jholfc tfiejabors ; . '.also his father in the Relief Society cause, , and said the monument of their good deeds was more to the family than wealth of gold. Urged the sisters of the three stakes to a continuance of the labors begun; this, he Thanked all knewv was his mother's win!). who had so ably supported her in her labors and prayed heaven's choicest blessings upon them, Elder Franklin S. Richards was glad to see thi. day, was thankful that the Priesthood had seen fit to release his mother from the arduous duties of the. Relief "Society. 'Whatever failings had teen they had been through frailties of the body. Words failed to express tha' appreciation of the family for the love and esteem that had ever been given hie mother. Thanked those who had stood at her side to aid 1 er every sister and brother who had added their part, to her success, and trusted choicest blessings be meted out to them. Singing "The spirit of God like a fire is " . ' . burning." Benediction was pronounced by Elder Robert McQuarrie, after which a banquet was served in an ajoining hall, thus a spiritual and a temporal feast was enjoyed and a social time spent that will linger in our memories for, years to come, bringing, sweet thought? and pleasing reflections. Nelly Becraft. IN MEMORIAM. Died at Union, Salt Lake County, Sept. 19th, Sister Mary Anderson, the beloved wife of Brother Andrew Anderson. She had been a great Bufferer for many years. In the early organization of our Relief Society, she was a most efficient teacher, ever ready and w illing to help the poor, the pick and the afflicted; later the. was chosen let Counselor to Sifter Mary Ann Smart, and remained so until death releaeed her. . filter Anderson was a wipe counselor, a faithful wife and a loving mother. She left her earthly all for the goppel pake. She was born in the City of Copenhagen, Denmark, August 21, l&'Jl, baptized in October, 1855, by Brother Ole Peterson; married at Florence, June IS, ISM, by V. W. Cluff. She leaves a loving husband, live sons and three daughters, to mourn her loss, one preceding her to the spirit world; also 33 grandchildren and three greatgrandchildren, and two sisters, living at Monroe, Sevier County. She was an ardent worker in our Relief Society. Mav we ever emulate her wise counsel, for we realize sha has fought the good fight, and endured to the end. Our loss is surely,' her eternal gain, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord from henceforth, they rest from their labors and their works do follow them." She was buried from the Union Ward Meeting House, which was beautifully draped in'wbite and the hall was filled to overflowing. The floral offerings were beautiful and numerous. The musical selections that were rendered by the choir under the leadership of. Brother Win. Cox were very impressive and beautiful. The speakers were Presidents Goff and Jensen of the Stake Presidency, Elder Lindahl, Mary A. Smart; also Brothers Wm. Panter and John Walker of the Ward Bishopric in the absence of Bishop Burgon, who was on a visit to England. She was followed to, South Cottonwpod Cemetry by a long train of carriages, bearing sorrowing relatives and friends. President Mary Smart. Counselor Harriet Wilkens, Rosabel Walker, Secretary, Lucy A. Brady, Treasurer. P. S. Sister Mary Anderson was a subscriber ehe wittf us to" your valuablelittle paper-whicwhich its and has always' prized contents, gave her with filled her heart much pleasure and joy many ' times when clouds appeared. Hoping you are Well and Will live many years to publish your valuable paper which should be in every household. I am sure every sister would take it if they only knew the influence it carries with it. t have always .taken itrand hope I always will. Lovingly, .V ' 11K)8, , h .: Mary f AxSm AkT, v . . , 4 PAS'GUITCH STAKE. - -- '. and wKpjphel Joseph Smith, g ful for ParWuitch Stake' 'Relief Society Confer dom.of the Prophet Joseph, and of her testiTabernacle ence convened in the Panguitch mony that Brigham Young was the man to Alice J. Counselor June 24, 1908, First take his place and carry on the work of the Opening exercises, Lord: Prayed the Lord to bless our Socirmprnn nresidme. minuter, etc. ety. President II. A, Crosby was glad to meet Sister Elizabeth DeLong bore her testiwith her sisters in conference, but was mony to the work of the Lord that we are greatly disappointed in not having some of engaged in. Said the Relief Society work tne siarers irom oau ljikv vuy iu vioii, uo, was a great one. Advised the sisters to be but prayed the Lord to. bless us' in our can careful what thev say and not backbite each ference that we might have a time of rejoic other, but say good things about each other, benefitted and be built and up for the Relief society sifters are expected to ing together', do a great work and help each othen coming. by ' Counselor Sarah A. Houston, like Presi Sister Adeline Tuttle, a .worker in the-dent Crosby felt disappointed beeause we Manti Temple was gladto meet with the sifhad no sisters from Salt Laketo attend our ters. . Bore her testimony to the Gospel. conference. Reported her visit around the Advised the brethren and sisters to do more stake, had a good time, enjoyed the trip, Temple work for themselves and their dea' but was very tired. Said they found all of friends. the organizations in good running order but Sister Zina Hanks recited "In GrandpaV on t.wn. nnd thpir nresidents had resigned Days." account of poor health. They had filled each Sister Ella Cameron from Idaho, said she Asked vacancy and all was in good order. was very glad to met with the sitters in the Lord to bless all the Relief bociety conference, felt well in the work, and asked branches in the Stake. the Lord to bless us all. around of her trip Maria L. Sargent told Sister. Kate Heywood thought the Relief to S. the stake. Had Brother John Crosby Society work was grand, but she couldn't ward drive for them. Found in every only always come to meeting, but would like to to attend the meetings regularly. attend the same few sisters that always Aked the their meetings, and the others they .could Lord to bless us all with the spirit ol cheernot get at. Thought that was where we fulness. needed our sisters to work in the homes and President David Cameron gave us some to come meetings good advfce. Told of the Prophet Joseph get the sisters that never of any kind interested in Relief Society Smith, his good work for worn? n when he work. They do not know what it is or they organized the Relief Society. Encouraged would come, not lose such precious bless- the sisters to press on in the. good work. ings. The sisters wherever we went were President M M. Steele was always glad interested in storing wheat. to meet with-thsisters. Urged them to be The secretary read a report from Kingston punctual, "Start on time and stop on time."' ward, the sisters were doing good work, had Spoke of the word of wisdom. Said all th" pent some money to the Manti Temple to sisters who held offices in the Relief Society pay for work for the dead. Some of the should obey the word of wisdom. "Sifters sisters wanted to come to conference but don't tempt your husbands by offering them couldn't getaway to come. tea orcoflep. May .the Lord help us to do our Sister Julia Wilson reported the Hillsdale duty at all times." Ward was- not doing very well on acPresident II A. Crosby said conference count of their president being sick for over would adjourn Until ten o'clock tomorrow a year, but hoped to do better in the future. morning after singing and benediction. Sister Gemmitt Ott, president of Tropic Ward, reported her ward as being fully orPanguitch, June 25, 190S. ganized, and have been taking the lessons The second days' conference convened. as outlined. with singing and prayer; continued Sister Jane Rappley of Tropic told of. the. Opened minutes, etc. singing, way they had been carrying on their lessons Sister Alice Jane Cameron was the first during the winter, had chosen sides and de- speaker; said she was glad to be able to bated, and had learned much. The teach- meet with the sisters in this conferer.ee and ers must visit every month. Hadomejwheat of theLord-withoi- s. that we had on,hand and hoped to be able to store more Spoke of the power of prayer. That we this fall. The Bishops had promised to should always pray and teach our children help them with their wheat. to pray. We should be careful in the trainSister Elizabeth Cameron hoped, to be ing of our children. Keep them in nights; able to do her duty. Asked the Lord to that all parents should be united in the ' bless us and unite us. of our children, for we sisters can Conference was adjourned until 2 o'clock training do nothing alone. Spoke of the Stake fund, after singing and benediction. explained what it is used "for. Said we Conference reconvened at 2 o'clock p. m. should teach our children the principle of Opened with singing, sprayer, minutes, etc. tithing and all the principles of the Gospel. Sister Mary B. Hfywood reported the Teach our children to be polite.to the aged Panguitch Relief Society. Said all that at- people. tended the :meetings were benefitted and Sister Ann Burgess, a very aged and dear seemed to be interested were taking the sister,- .87 years," gave us some good lessons as outlined. Thought the attendinstruction, bore a strong testimony of the ance was better this year than last; as an Gcspel. Told of how she became a Latter-da- y .Saint. Prayed the Lord to bless u.s all .average it was 30. Had sent several sisters to take the nurses class course. Read a and comfort us in our homes. letter from Sister Mabel Church who had Sister Emily Bunker said she l ad been a taken the nurse class course and graduated member of the Church 68 years, arid was with honor?. . proud to he numbered with such people, Sister Bnnker from Mexico said she well and hoped to b found faithful to the end. remembered when the Relief Society9 was Told of her mothers experience with, the thr-prmle- .. .. -- ' -- -' . e . . - the-Spi- rit ' - -- " . : 7 ' 