.WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Vndrkr dear little paper The the first woman's"' nnnM!' of 'V4VUA Mississippi Kiver. Its present editor Emmeline B.Wells also claims a place among the pioneer writers of 1'tah having writfen some fragments in the earfr'days forcertain occasions. Her first contribution, when quite a girl, written in 1814 and published in the Millennial Star called "Friendship" is very touching and in the early fifties she wrote a poem called An Ode to Deseret in which she very beautifully describes the wind on the de.sert. The most prominent woman in early Mormon literature, however,is Eliza RoxeySnow. She was born in Massachusetts in 18(H,vand had a good literary and. domestic education. Descended from good old revolutionary ancestors the possessed in her character those strong and abiding principles which mark Even as Joan of Arc, that sweet the paint. maid of Orleans, felt her divine calling and accomplished her work even to her martyrdom and never quailed even when placed oyer the burning fagots but died a true Saint, so Eliza R. Snow from the moment of her baptism (into the new and everlasting faith was born anew and marched through persecution, poverty, sickness and heart rending pcenes to her destiny. No words so truly and fully tell her faith in this great work as she herself tells in the following words: I I . . . v,: following "JdELIKF SOCIPTV Saints Eliza Before joining the R. Snow gained some literary fame through writing a prize story for a popular magazine. She was the first secretary of the Woman's Relief Society and prepared and preserved the records of that organization containing the instructions of the Prophet Joseph She wrote Smith to thft Women of Zion. many newspaper articles and essays, also the biography of her brother, Lorenzo Snowj and she also wrote and published that very interesting book of travel called The Palestine Tourists. She wrote two volumes of poetry mostly of the heroic style but" the one beautiful poem which alone would immortalize her name among her .people is the great doctrinal hymn called "Oh my Father" Saints. so loved l the Latter-daPerhaps the saddest sweetest poetess we can claim is Miss Sarah E. Carmichael. She came to Utah when a little girl with her par-- ' ents from New York where she was born and even as a school girl wrote beautiful verses, in fact in her early life she wrote some of the best and most beautiful of her poems and always proved the genius of a true poet. She perhaps-alon- e is the ,one Utah writer the world has so far recognized. A little volume of her beautiful, thoughts was published by "some of her friends for private distribution and a copy of the same is now verv rarely seen and neia very pre cious by' those who are fortunate enough to own one. She was always a dreamer and her last days were clouded, as Byron says As While her poem by a sickness of a soul." Tll - Oi.l. O 1 rrro CI 4 Via nn HplpP.fpfl by William Cullen Bryantjor his collection , BY S. E. C. WILLIAMSON'. lioppp, ye kissed me with lips that were brighter,' Than these that ye touched ere the yesterday passed, But now they are colder, and stiller, and whiter, Thanothers that trembled awhilwin life's blast. No matter. Thev ween not' for blossom t Vit. wither. . Who. bear in their bosoms the deep scar of graves; Yet any sad whisper may summon thoughts hither That mingle our tears with Eternity's waves. Is there no summer land where the breath of the . flowers Increases in sweetness, forever and aye, Or pass their faint sighs from this bleak world of ' ours To thicken its vapors ot passing away? Is there no summer world where the heart cometh Snow-flake-Sta- And wedded forever in .widening bliss? Roses, ye speak not the death spell is on ye, breathe not, ye blush not, ye tremble not now; And though to the touch of my lips I have drawn Ye There mute as my own stifled heart-beat- s ye bow; But something too sweet to be dust on the morrow Still lingers about the pale forms that I press, 'Tis something akin both to joy and to sorrow That clings to my soul with a passion's caress. Only dead roses, yet proud brows have worn them; With smile jewels hiding the point of each thorn; And tender true hearts have unflinchingly borne 14, 100S. the members of the Stake Board and also those 6i the St. Johns Stake. Jt is the first time our missionaries have been, appointed .outside of. the General Board and, though the idea was new it was none the lens acceptable to us. Sister Ella S. Udall's remarks led m back 10 uie days 01 long ago. .iie spoke ol the many changes that had taken place since her visit here twenty-fiv- e years ago and the Mthat used to exist between our friendship stakes."; Though we have had many ups and downs we have been greatly blessed in this land. It has certainly been, a school of experience for us. The Relief Society develops, makes us broad and aids in every way. It is ''a most , beautiful organization." She also gave a very complete report of the General Relief Society Conference held in Salt Lake City. Sister Emma Patterson spoke of the duties AH J . 1 l 1 1 .. ferred to some of her old acquaintances and expressed pleasure in again meeting with them. Miss Mary Ellsworth gave an interesting account of her work in the Nurse Class. She' was successful in the examination before the State Board of Utah and we are-glto have her added- - to our small number of nurses. Sister Mary E. B. Farr spoke of being dependent on the Lord for all things and not ad speaking disrespectfully of the authorities. "We can do more against them in one minute than we can undo in a week." Also spoke of the talents God has given us and the use we should make of them. Sister Nona Gibbons referred to some of the predictions made by local brethren,' how they have been fulfilled and our ability to serve God wherever we are. Sister May II. Larson read an article on the Experiences of Sister Mafy A. Ellsworth in the handcart company and a blessing that Patriarch John Reidhead had given to the Relief Society. Sister Mary A. Staadiford related several incidents of her journey across the plains with the handcarts. Brother W. W. Willis gave an account of his parents journey to Salt Lake City in - - Only dead roses. Yet, who shall restore them To summers departed and youth that is passed, Or bring to the saddest of lives that deplore them V hope that is sweet as the shadow they cast? Roses ah, poor, blighted roses! yet sweeter For trial that left ye so. faded and changed Love passing the grave hath existence completer; Affections death chastened are never estranged. I have one changeless trust in the changing FOR- EVER, There must be perfection in God's work complete; I have dreamed of an isle in the ocean called NEVER, Where the souls of the birds and the blossoms shall meet; I have dreamed of a shore to the soundless DEATH RIVER WThere love proves its moral of NEVER IN VAIN; Where 'tis not the cross, but the crown of the . giver ; And the dead roses gather their incense again. 1847. 1 ; . . President Mary J. R. West reported our Stake as doing fairly well, still in some of the wards there seems to be a lethargy. Said she was very much pleased with the of the St. Johns sisters and expressed Mrs. Hannah T. King also claims a place visit for the excellent conference we nmnnfr nioneer writers though most other gratitude have had. published" writings were of a later period. President Samuel. F. Smith said he was She wrote some poems ior me pleased with the sisters efforts and hoped Society and contributed largely to Utah would continue in well doing.. literature in some fine prose writings; also they Brother Littleton L. Perkins also spoke a the dearly lamented Emily II. Woodmansee snort time. some poems gave in her young womanhood There were seyeral songs interspersed with and writings and our Hymn Book contains the speaking, most of which were under the six of her song- s- these however are of a late direction 'of Miss Jennie Kartchner. One on date.77" ' Relief Society wprk was composed by Mrs. There are others too who gave some frag- Annie H. Kartchner. Another one sung by ments of song or story to 'early literature in Utah, and Utah's literary fame will spread for the occasion-bMrs. Ethel Westover. will throughout the world and the nations We have never had visitors at a conferyet sing her praise. ence who. were more filled with the good -spirit or possessed a greater gift of imparting ' so of course, we feel our conferThe incoming President of the United it to others is in ence was a decided success.States, like the outgoing President, x Delia F. Smith, Secretary. women: for ballot of the. favor . I - , ke - nearer To' all that it yearns for and misses in this, Where beauty and love are in tenser and dearer . y iit' DEAD HOSES. them, Latter-da- y by-al- - : TheJielief Society Conference of the convened at Snowflake,' August ' And veiled them with laughter to hide them from scorn. Only dead roses! Yet strong spirits tremble And bow by a breath of their sweetness oppressed; And brave honest lips, little used to dissemble. They hold to a lie of a truth unconfessed. . SN'OWTLAKE STAKK. been the most beautiful. : It is not in the little volume but lias been culled from some paper in which it was printed at the time of her death. -- . PPPOOT ooem called TWI'Tt .. My heart is fixed I know in whom I trust The proclamation sounded in my ear It reached my heart I listened to the sound Counted the cost and laid my earthly all l7pon the altar, and with purpose fixed Unalterably, while the spirit of Elijah's God within my bosom reigns Embraced the Everlasting Covenant, And am determined now to be a Saint And numbered with the tried and faithful ones Whose race is measured with their life, whose joy Is everlasting and whose happiness Is God's approval,' and to whom 'tis more Than meat and drink to do his righteousness. 07 y - - . 