.2'-- . ' ; w ....- WOilAN'S EXPONENT. -- A TRIBUTE. of Isadora ; Janhne; Thompson," j , to the memory who departed this life February 9th, late. Deceased .waa 49' years 9 month and 19 days old, wa the daaghter'of James and Isabella Weber, Utah. She was born April 21st, She moved with her in Jackson, Illinois. 1S."3, and from there to "parrxts ' was married to Ilymnr She Weft Weber, Utah. IJrottier and Sister. IS73. C. Thompson in July, to Wilford, Idaho, Thompson and familr moved, St. Anthony till ikhT whprc'thev lived in "wai organized;--Sift- er Thompsonwaa Secretary j lor tne onn iiiuru cuuu; tjvmwn l r of years. Also Counselor to the Ilelief Society for a Ion time. And was First Counselor to the President of the. Relief Society of St. Anthony at 14 the time of her death- - She was the mother of ?; ' Jar-dine,W- et -- chtfdreru 12 of whom survive her. She leaves a devoteiLhasband, 9 sons and3daaghtrs, 4 sisters : and two brothers to rnonrn herka The faneral services were held in the L. It. S. E. Fogg conChurch February 13th;ihop Jos. " ... L '. ducting. " " RESOLUTION!?. Be it resolved that we the sisters of the Woman's Relief Society of the St. Anthony Ward, do mcst deeply mourn the losa of so faithful a sifter. And we do feel it is hard to become reconciled to her death. But we are willing to bow in humble submission to our Father's will. Be it resolved1 that we extend our heart, felt . eympathy to her husband, children, parents, brothers and sisters, and ask God to bless them and make them feel that he is their friend Be it further resolved that these resolutions be entered in the minutes of the Local Relief Sothe ciety a copy ginen to the bereaved family of ExWoman's to sent the and a. deceased copy ponent. mbsioa to her on the ground that, a woman Her friends, however have is not eligible; evolved a plan whereby she can to all intents and purposes hold the office. They propose to elect Mrs. Barney's aged father as collector at a special election; and have him appoint her his deputy. In that way she will receive the; salary attached fo the office and i"" be collector in everything but name accompanieu uy ivv, juicuici on ine guitar, who also played "My Old Kentucky 'WmA,?nn'rf"0-fv-Father."ir' AASIAAW hk ta!n i i( i v. ed style. At tms meeting-Mrs..iae- r had invited 'the Reapers Club. arid, some, her close friends. the . September meeting:, At o( 1902,' the Alder, gave an interesting visit:.to the Countess of account er Warwick, while she was iri England, and the efforts of the Countess to better the condition of the poor girls inBirmingham. H1STQRY OF. THE U. V PRESS CLUB, Said all but two of the pen manufacturers From October jr, poi to October ji, jgo6 'r had been won over by the countess, who with a brief history of the first decade, was hopeful of good results from her efforts to aid these poor 'girls (unskilled Lydia D. Alder historian. ' labor theyare called).: .(Continued from, page 48.) Mrs. Emma- McVicker, our delegate to "Mention-w- as made at this meeting of Los h Angeles, gave an account oi tne the special conference of the .Mormon also a Greek play, she had seen, and Church, held November io, 1901, and the her visit to the club called Strawberry. installation or Joseph F. Smith as the The account of her visit to the battleship President of the Church, and the election Wisconsin was truly appreciated. of BathshebajV. Smith as President of At the business meeting, held October, the Relief Society in all the world. 1902, Mrs. R.B. Pratt was named "as the E. Mrs. At the January meeting, 1902, Relegate to . the Federation, to be held B. Wells reported that the case of books in Ogden this month. Mrs. Alder, the made up by the Club (who also paid for president, also attended the. Federation. the case), be brought Miss Estella Neff, iri Current Events, spoke wouldto sent be office), from whence it of the honor conferred on Miss Xannie Tout, the - Ladies' Literary Club House. It who had been invited to sing before Queen would thpn be sent out with the other Alexandria, to others of our cases of the Traveling Library. Utah boys and girls who were studying At the February meeting, 1902, Mrs. abroad, in Paris, England and Germany, McVicker was appointed as the Club's who had won honors in painting and sculpdelegate to the biennial converitieri'to be ture, as well as nrasic. An addres of inheld in Los Angeles in May, 1902. terest was given by Mrs. Ida Haag, on the this carried and at made waa A motion e Wax. meeting that the Ciub subscribe for the At the April meeting of the Club, held in An read was Woman-.article "Club ' the Exponent office, Mrs. Lucy A. Clark re--. of "The and commented, on, Mellowing ported the meetingof. the Federation Prosameof front a the copy Occasions," gram Committee and stated that an original This being tb'e birthday of our Hon. contribution had been requested from the wishes E. Mrs Wells, Bv good president, Press Club. in her behalf were expressed by all the Mrs. Francis gave a lecture on India and members present. Mrs. Wells being out East India life.whlch concluded the program. of the city could not meet with us. At the May meeting, held on the 29th of At the March meeting of 1902, Mrs. that month, it was moved and carried that Bickford addressed the Club on State and the Club adjourn until September. Mrs. General Federation, and spoke of the Clark, the President, invited the Club to biennial. coming meet her at the Lagoon, June 25th, 1904. Mrs. Wells spoke of her visit to Hull uq mat occasion me viuu auu cue uj-House, Chicago, giving an interesting acof the General Board of the Primary count of the same. were the guests of President The closing meeting of the season was Associations A delightful time was spent at the held at the house of the president, Mrs. Clark. , where the guests were entertained Alder, who gave a talk on her recent visit Resort, by Mrs. Clark, her daughter and friends. to Scotland, including the cities of Glas- An was carried out. All enjoyable program and Stirling. gow, Edinburgh present were unanimous in their opinion . She spoke somewhat at length of ArVip mrist eniOVable 01 thur's SeatTln. Edinburgh, and the visit of ihni flip moptintr was the season.l Parley P. Pratt to that noted place, which overlooks the whole of Edinburgh. Bro. Mrs. E. S. Wilcox gave a most interesting Pratt, but newly arrivectin the ciiy,. knelt account of the chief objects of interest at the oh this famous Arthur's Seat, his eyes World's Fair, just held at St. Louis. Mrs. on and below to the the resting city prayed Lord to give him two hundred souls out ' of that city, and he would be satisfied. Clubs This the Lord did, just two hundred, no mission to the Federation of Women's more, no less. Mrs. Alder also spoke of at logan. JVlrs. Ulark, Jfresideni,. to her ride through the Trossacks .(by coaeh Estella Neff were appointed as delegates October 20tb, and'boat), and her sail on Loch Lomond; the. State Federation of Clubs, and Mrs. Miss May Alder recited one of her 1904, at Logan, and Mrs. M. Francis mother's poems, "Mary Queen of Scots." Mary Kelly were appointed as alternates..was The October meeting (the annual) Mrs. George D. Alder sang beautifully, held October 29th, 1904, at the home of Mrs.. Francis and Mrs. Kelly, 333 Second Street.president;-Mrs; of-h- 1 . - men--nia- here;-(Expone- nt . and-referr- ed . Sarah J. Stimpson, President. Lovisa Thornton, 2nd Counselor. Sarah R.Taylor, Secretary. nusso-Japanes- NOTES AND NETS. Miss Beatrice Ularraden is busy from place to place in England giving readings from "Ships That Pass in the Night,'' rnd her other books, to, raise money to helpvthe suffrage cause. . Five thousand rose bushes were planted in the city park3 on Washington's biithday by the school children of Portland, Oregon. If the woman suffrage amendment should be , carried next June, the bouquets will be all ready, Daniel Read Anthony, Jr., the new member of Congress from Leavenworth Kan., is, Although a nephew of Susan B. Anthony. Mr. Anthony has a lawyer by profession, been engaged in newspaper work all his life, and is at present editor of the Leavenworth Times, which he inherited from his father, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt and- - Mrs. Ida H. Harper sailed on the New Amsterdam for Holland April 17,. to attend the coming convention "Tof the International Woman Suffrage Alliance. Afterwards they plan to visit Finland, St. Petersburg, Moscow, Buda Pesth, Vienna and Switzerland, taking in the executive meeting of the international Council of Women to be held in Geneva in September and later going. to Spain. Mrs. Gertrude Barney has heen elected city collector of Montgomery, Mo. , on the Ilebublican and Prohibition tickets. The city council have refused , to issue a com- - R. KHOMAS 67, 69, bers . . . , DRY GOODS CO. .71. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solicit your. patronage. as much as possible for your money. : . We aim" to give you ypy - yg tw .Aoiihor) in the iAt:'-i;f-c.- eiec- tion of Mrs. Maria Francis as President; Mim Stella Neff, First Vice President; Mrs.' LUlian D; Maeser, Second ,Vice President; Mrs. tor. Wilcox, .Secretary; Mrs. Isabel M. Sears, Sec; Mrs, Hattie Harker, Treasurer - ' (To he Continued .- -- J 3 1 