7 t EXPONENT; i 0 . - 4 Vol. 37. .SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, 190S. CONTEXTS. " . : Wome.nof the Past. Personal ImEmmeline P. UVUs pressions Letter from New South Wales ;..Jett ). W. 15. A Unique Gathering Testimonial......... , Relief Society Conjoint Meeting and Banquet L I). S. Had annual galhe ri n g g?e s e a c h f a ce And feels each active hand A staunch supporter of the caue That links the. family band. .Vk'iK - . Nellie' Becraft In Mernoriam of .Mary Anderson Caroline C. K. Welle. Notes and News Kelief Society Stake Reports: . There's Theron, Claudius and George.;-There's Howard. Mary Leone, Aurelia,)o, and Kathcrine, All children who haw known Those early days of pilgrim stress. Our valiant fathers knew Welding for them the stronger tie Which this close pathway drew. lit 21 2l '.; '. Granite ?1 '1 s Nebo Alpine.... Kditorial: The Political Situation in Utah....' Be Valiant for Rights Poetry: The Spencer Tree .Josephine Spencer '2: '10 20 17 THE SPENCER TREE. Edith, we know, had fhe essayed (read a miniic stage Would inafeh Maud Adams 6ide'b On proud theatric page. To Hand hath not traced to what far time The tree's first acorn grew Before that day when Saxon soil Our own forefathers drew From foreign shores to mix their blood With that historic strain Which, warmed by Persecution's breath Flowed in the Pilgrim's vein The blood that fired the Puritan For his sole Conscience sake The sacrifice of land and home With ready zeal to make. Numbered among the exile band That fled from native shore Their altars on New England's soil Triumphant rose once more, And braving famine, peril, death They helped to build in time A sturdy commonwealth which grew To measure every clime. side Another of that lineal branch Gives promise yet, to gain Proud laurels in his new career In Music's high domiinJ But gifted, humble, rich or poor We own humility names Before the three, thrict Which make our family tree. ' . And older, younger joined to them By "blood or marriage link, All render here a w ish that time May lead us yet to drink Some measure of the llu relied cup Which pledges the three names That stand for sacrifice to Truth And all that Conscience claims . , Their names were with the patriot band When Revolution flung Its banners high for Liberty; They heard its victory sung! And all they suffered, all they won Strengthened the strain of those Forefathers of our nearer time Whose blood within us flows. ' The younger branches and their gprouts How can we name thni all? The lift a lengthy volume's task An army's muster call: But midst these leaves mil many a name May rise to worthy hight, In lists of proudAchievement's fame . Or tournaments of. Right' Some thre have been, who but for choice And love of humbler lot, Might have drawn Fame's triumphant prize , With honors nObly- wrought. 10 '12 Ptfhguitch two young women, whom I. met at a friend's, 'house, soon after my arrival in Nauvoo';.and both of them (they were enters), were parti-eulail- y striking in appearance. They were IU '11 Keep the Sabbath Day Holy : 17 And if we may not win ourselves This prize that 'crowned .their day, May their high effort bring to us A Time passed, and Peace enjoined its sway Till down the path of years A greater call to Conscience came With trail of strife and tears; A sign of faith, from earth and heaven-- Met by the world's "cold scorn Which grew to Persecution's war Till deeds of blood were sown. But still, to Faith's old leadings true, The strain of bygone sires Leapt in the veins of sturdy sons And lit Religion's fires To be a pillared cloud by night To light them on their way, '., , Oft. too, a mournful funeral pvre each day. Which charred their hopes Old altars of self Sacrifice On their new way were reared Home, kindred, wealth were all the price For faith and truth revered. ' Three sons we know and love them well Who gather here tonight, Three whom in memory we revere With tokenjpf this sight Heard, and responded to that call Which kindled Conscience blaze; And built for us this gardened spot To pass oar peaceful days. Some first few branches yet remain ' Of this ancestral tree, . withirTtbeir veins, TheUap still fresh Their mmas sun ciear auu nee. privilege to stay At least within some kindred place When Time's last race is run Where we may greet them face to face . And hear them say "Well done!" modest in manner, yet dignified, tall and blooming with health, quite, a contrast to many (pale fao.es for it was an ague climate) I might say to the majority of women, because of their rosy lips and, cheeks. The impres-- . sioii they made was of vigor, strength and reposefulness. . They were spoken of as the "Partridge girls," and their names Eliza and Emily, were linked together with a sort of tone that indicated the closest relationship. Afterwards coming in friendly contact, I found them unlike in many though they harmonized well, and werelvery fondly attached to each other. ThesJ two young girls had as children parsed ' through many trying scenes of sacrifice and danger, thrilling experience?, such as young women now cannot appreciate nor perhaps can any one, except when. placed in like ciro Their parents had been cumstances. people, who had in the early times of Western migration homes ReNew to to Western the in go .England, serve in Ohio, which was considered a land of better facilities for making homes, than the stony hills of their native, state "Massachusetts. This young couple became acquainted and married in Ohio. It was destiny no ... doubt;they settled in Painesville, Geauga Co., Ohio, where they purchased land and built up a homeland had great hopes of educating their This home was later on, a very children. popular one among the little handful of early believers in the Everlasting. Gospel; and Edward Partridge the father of the two young maidpns mentioned, that I had met on that auspicious day now far remote; was ordained the first Bishop of the Church,and the family ,.were among the first converts in what seemed then "that far distant land." Without going into family history though as to descent; the writer only desires to give her impressions of these young women, as she knew them. There is no doubt that the trying ordeals through" which one passes in childhood's days have a- lasting effect upon the mind and character as the years roll on. The persecutions in Kirtland, the more terrible outrages, mobbings, drivings and imprisonments in Missouri of fathers, breaking up of family ties, rendering children homeless, necessarily, leaves its impress upon the plastic minds of children, "and as a natural sequence upon the generations folTe-cpe- cs, well-to-d- left-comfortabl- . well-authenticate- Josephine Spencer. t No. o Edith Clawson Knowston. Spencer Clawson, Jul. d - L. D. S. WOMEN OF THE PAST. PERSONAL ' impressions. .. BY EMMELINK B. "WELLS In perusing the pages, of history, and in re- counting events that have transpired in this Church, one finds so much material to make use of, that is hard to choose from and even among the women, who in the earlierdays ha-not the. opportunities for public life, that those have had who were of a younger, generation; yet ona finds them great in the sphere among their asin which they moved,-ansociates and nobly greU consiering environment. One writer has said great m small history we things,' yet in looking into their find that the great drama of life as enacted in that early period 'has been full of stirring events and sacrifices. I In my mind's eye I have a vivid picture of d d lowing. Soon after arriving in Nauvoo in conse quence of privations, imprisonment,, and attendant consequences. Bishop Partridge pasof a sed away, leaving 'hisjamily-.destituthome in that ne w region, and it fell, to the lot of the two older girls to be taken into the family of the Prophet Joseph .Smith, where they lived for some time," members of that4 V : hospitable household. It is a remarkable fact that whoever came within the influence of the Prophet Joseph -- partook more or less of his spirit and became imbued, as it were so strongly with his won: 1 , ' 