I - s.'-y- . CwAvirf Xiiv - swV0i rt WOMAN'S EXPONENT. w -- mmie of ; the '.Field- after leaving EngiandisiV while there fdjonrning: among her, old friends and her husband's, relatives,' collected rnueb ma- terial to add to ,the family record of the ingsi J - Thompsons . "': '"; , trip to England for similar purposes; accompanying President George A. Smith and the Palestine party as far as England. ' Arriving there she. visited the home and scenes of her girlhood, arid numerous relatives.and friends, though she made it her principal business to gather reliable genealogy Temple records. During this time she bore her testimony of the restoration of the Gospel in this dispensation, wherever and when-- " ever opportunity presented itself, and there can be no doubt that such seed scattered abroad will some day spring up and bear fruit. Sister Thompson returned in June, a for-he- : able occasion have since gone 4o. join the il tilthe veil;. . xiosis oemnu WitI . armor in Preston, England,. June 15, 1807; died in Salt Lake City, Utah, September 15, 189S. servants without doubting. I desire the of ttyirit discernment, which is one of the promised blessings of trig" Holy Ghost. I particularly .desire wisdom- - to bring up all the children that are, or may be committed to my charge, in such a manner that they will be useful ornaments in the 4ing-doof God,1 and in a coming day arieCrpand call me blessed. I desire prudence that I may not through ambition abuse my body and cause it to be come prematurely old and but that I may wear a cheerful countenance, live to perforniall the work 1 covenanted to per form iTrtfle and be a blessing to all who may in anywise need aught at my . LOVE'S THRONE. Do you love? then trust! Tells you true yourhcart; "Trust, have faith and trust," Criticized unjust, Can' you see your love? Shield he then vou must. m - None may understand Why you love her so, Why you hold her hand. Hearts are brittle 'things Easily they break, Pierced by cruel stings. care-wor- spirit-worl- Then away love flies, Far, so far away; Heeding not yourcries, Cherished, will love stayr Ope your heart disclose There his throne alway. hards. Lvdia D. Alder. JULIA WARD HOWE. She championed the cause of freedom, With the might of her living power, When the slumbering nation wakened, To the" solemn need of the hour; fellow- -workers f " 'Tis alone of his appointing Then she girded anew, for the conflict,And looked for light from above, Renewed her soul at the fountain That springs from. EternafLove.. ed 4n abundance. ' " " " - May they live till the angel of Justice Spreads her pinions from sea to sea, . Till woman's appeal for freedom Results in her liberty! , : : Woman's Journal.-- The dav was SDent in charming converse, Sister Thompson relating many incidents of thedays'of Nauvoo and those earlier Scenes and Buffering for conscience sake. Those dear sisters who were there on that day can never forget the heavenly influence that pervaded the room and seemed to fill Three months the hearts of from that day Sister Thompson passed away, and many of those present on that memor of sacrifice all-presen- had- - Nauvoo, Oct. 18, 1844. Brother Hey wood: Sir, I send by the stage . She hath seen the dawn? of the morning, And the sun of equality rise; God grant that its noonday, splendor May gladden her waiting eyes. June 15, 1898, a number of sisters went . AN OLD LETTER. . If ever her feet grew weary, Or her heart was heavy and sore, She remembered the loving Master ,y Trod the selfsame way before. that he not time to write as he would like, but I could write out the best blessing I could think of and he would sign the same on his return. She has worn no chevrons of tinsel, Nor silken banners waved, And the tears Of her grateful sisters Were all the jewels she craved. Only brings us nearer God.", to cheer and gladden her, and congratulations for the birthday anniversary, bringing appropriate gifts and choice flow 1 I desire with all my Jieart to honor and respect my husband as my head, to ever live .in his confidence and by acting in unison with him retain the place which God has given me by his side, and I ask. my HeavI Father, 'that through humility, enly . , may , i ne enaoieu to overcome the curse which was propounced upon the daughters of Eve. I desire to see my kindred and friends embrace the principles of Eternal Truth, that I may rejoice with them in the blessings which God has in store for all who are will- ing to be obedient to His requirements. Finally. I desire that whatever may be my lot through life! may ever be enabled to ac- . knowledge the hand of God in all things. These desires of my heart were called forth by Joseph sending me word . She saw with a clarified vision The needs of the human race, And gave her life to its service With infinite Jove and grace. v to the home of Sister Thompson with hearts filled wit'i. love and blessing for this aged-sister- , d -- Before the nation's councils, Like a pilot in a storm,. She breasted the waves of oppression To achieve some grand reform. That our feet on thorns have trod. Suffering, pain, renunciation On -- And fought her bloqdless battles, With the aid of tongue and pen, Till the shackles fell from the chattels, Aad they knew themselves as men. HI1 ? n, tit. co-labor- ers . I might be able to overcome whatever of tradition or nature "that would not tend to. my exaltation in the eternal worlds. I desire a. fruitful, active mind', that I may be able to comprehend the designs of (iod, 'when revealed through His myself,-tha- t Mercy JlacheL Fielding Thompson, bom . - . - k who have hnttlpH f- A- mh mind and murht . ' il ineir garments clean and their 1873. . ' it Those r Travels and joumeyings of this kind give a broader and more comprehensive view- of life, and are educational in the best sense of the word; equipping one with" more material for doing good and rendering.aid, and service to others in the great work of this age, when so much is to be accomplished by the Saints both for the living and the dead Sister Thompson was not a woman to hide her light under a bushel, but .to let it shine abroad to the enlightening of her in the vineyard of the Lord, and so we found her after these missions (if such we may call them) doing more for her than ever before. The one virtue or characteristic that seemed most beautiful of all in her later life was "the patience and. resignation, which was manifest in the fortitude with which she bore pain and suffering, when she who had been so active and apparently, strong, became more or less helpless, and dependent upon others to assist her in moving about (even in the room) when she could move at all. In this she showed the true, spirit of heroism. Not only did she bear her affliction bravely, but when her friends called upon her, the atmosphere of her presence, seemed to be of one being perfected through pain and affliction. The sisters who called on her to express sympathy came away comforted in the as surance that suffering had sanctified the r i t l u eoui, .so lull was she or Diessmgs ior an ana praise to God for all His mercies and goodness; and one recalls in this connection the words of the poet who wrote: not hia back at the close of the day wifh" regret, nor neglect;:'tlie perfohiiuice or'any act that would bring n blessing. .w" i; desire me e nru oi uoti to knnu- - um im.rci ami -- LaIi .. Slie returned in March, 1872, and in October of the' same year she started again on , 11 - A BLESSING PENNED LONG AGO. (The writer long since, dead.) First of all that I would' crave as the richest of heaven's blessings would be wisdom from my Heavenly Father bestowed daily, so that whatever I might do or say, I could twenty-tw- o bags, wishing Brother Hollingshead to send some, oats by the t; Ospreyr as soon as is convenient) The brick store will be, empty next week, and I would like well if you Could find it advantageous to your interest to fill it with goods and groceries this fall.f the .rent will be low. 1 think it a good time to commence an establishment, of that:-kinhere now, as there is a number of merchants about to leave here soon. v . My family are all in good health at presented the brethren are generally well, with the exception of Amasa Lyman, who has been very sick, but is better now. My. best respects To your family and all our friends. Tell Mrs. Ileywobd I shall keep those shoes she gave to Mr. Smith as a 'memento both of her and my husband, too, for Lean .never see them without remembering them both. , Respectfully your Most obedient St.-B- - . . Emma-Smith- Mr. J. Hey wood.- - ' . " 