W 0 MA N EXPONENT. ... SCENES IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. A great change had been wrought (luring the time that the Twelve had been absent from Nauvoo My father writing from there in July 1 841 described the appearance of the city at that time He says, " i ou know there were not more than thirty buildings in the city when we left about two years ago; but at this time there are about 1200, and hundreds of others in progress, which will be finished soon. On Friday last seventy Saints came tQ.Nau.voo, led by Lorenzo Barnes, from Chester County,Penn-sylvaniin wagons, living by the way. On the next day a company came in wagons, from Canada, all in good spirits, and in two or three days after, they all obtained places to live in . They are coming in from all parts of the vast continent daily and hourly, and the work is spreading in allof this land and calls for preaching in all parts. You will recollect when ' we built our houses in the woods there was not a house within a half a mile of us, now the place, wild as it was at that time, is converted into a thickly populated village." The following account which was printed in a St. Louis paper will show the thriving condition of the city in 1842. "The population of Nauvoo is between 8000 and 9000,and of course the largest town in the State of Illinois. How Saints will hold together long the Latter-daand exhibit their present aspect it is not for us to say. At this moment they present the appearance of an enterprising, industrious, sober and thrifty population, such a population indeed, as in the respects just mentioned, have no rivals east, and we rather guess not even west of the Mississippi." Before the close of 1842 the population numbered about 15,000 and scarcely three years had elapsed since the Saints came there so nearly destitute of every worldly thing, and by their industry in spite of sickness and the many obstacles which they had to contend with, they had accomplished more than any other community had done in the same amount of time, but notwithstanding all these signs of industry, temperance and virtue the same spirit of lelousy and persecution which had been manifested towards them in Ohio, and Missouri was imbibed by a portion of the people of Illinois, and many false reports were circulated by them to injure the Saints, bujt often they had the opposite effect and enlisted, the sympathies of many honorable people,an7rocca-sionall-y persons who visited our city would be so agreeably surprised that they would publish accounts which contradicted the false reports. The following one which was written by a Methodist Minister who visited Nauvoo in the Spring of 1843 gives such a fair description of our city and people as they were, that I would like to see it reprinted for the benefit of those who listen to all the rumors that are started about the "Mormons" and believe that they have sunk so much lower in the mire of corruption, since coming out to Utah He says "At length the city burst npon my sight and how sadljr was I disappointed; instead of seeing a few miserable log cabins and mud houses which I expected to find, I was surprised to tee one of the most romantic places that I had visited in the west The buildings, though many of them were small and of wood, yet bore the marks of neatness, which I have not seen equalled in this country. The far spread plain at the bottom of the hill was dotted over with the habitations, of men with such majestic proa, " y fusion, that S I was almost willing to believe my self mistaken; and instead of being in Nauyoo,of Illinois, among Mormon that I was in Italy at the city of Leghorn (which the location of Nauvoo resembles very much), and among Italians. I gazed for some time with fond admiration upon the plains below Here ec-cent- ric 1 1 1 and there arose a tall majestic brie nouse, and untiring speaking loudly of the genius, labors of the inhabitants, who have snatched the place from the clutches of obscurity, and wrested it from the bonds of disease; and in two or three short years rescued it from a dreary waste to transform it into one of the first cities of the wesjt. The hill upon which I stood was covered over with the dwellings of men, and amid them was seen to rise the hewn stone and already accomplished work of the temple,which is now raised 15 or 20 ft. above the level of the ground. The few trees that were permitted to stand were now in lull foliage, and were scattered with a sort of fantastic irregularity over the slope of the hill." This grove that he mentioned was where the Saints met upon the Sabbath day to worship or to hold their public meetings. He continues "I passed on into the more active parts of the city, looking into every street and lane to observe all that was in passing. I found all the people engaged some useful and healthy employment. The place was alive with business, much more so than any place I have visited since the hard I sought in vain for anytimes commenced thing that bore the mark of immorality; but was both astonished and highly pleased at my ill success. 1 could see no loungers about the streets, nor any drunkards, about the taverns. I did not meet with those distorted features of or impudent, I ruffians, or with the heard not an oath in the place, I saw not a gloomy countenance; all were peaceful, polite, and industrious. I conversed with many leading men, and found them social and hospitable and generous, I saw nothing but order and regulation in the society. Where then, I exclaimed, is all this startling proof of the utter profligacy of Nauvoo? Where in the name of God, is the immorality charged upon the citizens of it; and what dreadful outbreaking crimes have given men the lieense to depreciate this place as much as they do? Where is the gang ot marauders, horse theives and ruffians, the drunkard5? and vicious men of Nauvoo? Where are the horrid forms of human beings distorted with hellish rage and maddened ire ? Where are the dark and diabolical superstitions? Where are those specimens of credulity and ignorance? Where are those damning doctrines of demons? Where in fine is this slough, this sink of iniquity of which I have heard so much ? Surely not in Nauvoo ! They must have got the wrong place, or wilfully lied about it. I could but blush with disappointed shame for my friends who had so misinformed me, and very soon made up my mind, like the Queen of Sheba, not to believe any reports of enemies but to always like her, go and see for myself." Here is the testimony of another gentile who saw it at that time,? In a letter he says, "Look and see what they have done at Nauvoo, during the comparative short time they have been there. If they are enabled to proceed as they have . commenced their tow n ere long will become a mighty city. I do not believe there is another people in existence who cduld have made such improvement in the same length of time under the same cirill-br- ed well-informe- d, cumstances.". X I wish there were more honorable men, who when they come among us could see one side as well as the other, and had sufficient moral courage when they go away to publish the truth about the ''Mormons." As far as ourselves are concerned it matters very little what our enemies think or say of us for we expect nothing better of them and we know that in the end they will be the sufferers. I think that we have shown to the world that we could, live and thrive upon a desert land, which they had never dreamed of inhabiting as well as subdue and dwell in peace with the savage without any of their assistance: know there are many honest souls who havFflot yet heard this Gospel bue, preached and if the servants of God who have enjoyed such great blessings and manifestations of His power should refuse to obey his mandates to go forth and warn the inhabitants of the earth of the judgments which are right at their doors, that they may repent fcc, and gather up to these mountains where He has promised to protect his people, they would be under condemnation and could not escape the Saint3 wrath of the Almighty. The Latter-da- y when they receive this Gospel understandingiy are prepared for trials and to make sacrifices which thousands of them have done in leaving their homes and native lands, their friends and kindred ties that had to be broken, and many have sacrifized worldly riches and what was dearer than all.theirocd! name. Oh how little the outside world know or can understand the motive that prompts the Latter-da- y Saints to different from countries tne and, nations gather to this far off land, among a people whom all manner of evil is spoken of, but they knew the voice of the true shepherd who has said "Ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved; He has also said to his servants "Bebold I send you forth as sheep in the midst, of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents and harmless as doves. But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the counsels and they will scourge you in their synagogues,and ye shall be brought before the governers and kings for my sake for a testimony, against them .and the Gentiles. Fear not them which kill the body but rather fear him who is able to destroy both soul and body." The world may prate about the ignorant Mtrmons but the lowliest among us and even our little children understand the Scriptures and plan of salvation better than they with all their worldly wisdom. To be continued. WOMAN'S VOICE. Shall we not rejoice even in affliction? Do we not see the iuighty hand of God stretched forth every day in our behalf? See the glorious fields of grain, the hay, the gardens, the fruits; the flowers, all proclaim ye are God's people ! I have gathered, you from the four quarters of the earth, and I will bless yon ! I will pour forth into your laps the rich treas ures of the earth for ye are mine ! Oh, be faithful ye handmaidens of the God of heaven for ye are indeed the blest wives and of the noble sons of Ephraim,who are daughters ever seeking for the welfare of Zion ! let us help bear the banners of mercy truth and justice in all meekness, in all sincerity, let us do and dare in our sphere of action: strive to bring forth a noble race of sons and daughters, who will acknowledge the hand ef God, who will be more diligent than we are in serving the Lord our God, for they are heirs of truth, and will be lovers of every good. They will go on and to conquer every influence thatconquering is not of God, if we will live near unto Him who ruleth the Universe. Then let us rejoice for we have a glorious future before us, upward and onward be our motto ! side bv side with our husbands, be our watchword ! That we receive the blessed assurance that will be may to all who given strive to serve God and keep His commandments "Well done good and faithful servants enter thou into the glory of thy Lord." sweet-smellin- g B. M. The American Woman Suffrage Association will hold its next annual meeting in Louisville 25 Oct and 26. This will be very Kentucky, eoon after the Woman's in Buffalo. Ine Western and Eastern Congress ladies who go to the Congress in Buffalo will be able to attend the Convention in Louisville on their return witi out extra expense. 