WOMINS EX ONENT. 180 tentiary, formerly held by her late husband. It is said she acquits herself ably in the post assigned her. Mrs. Elvira S. Barney,of Salt Lake.will gradu-at- e as M. D at Ann Arbor, Mich., in June next. She attended the Woman's Medical College In Philadelphia for one year previous to entering the lists at Ann Arbor. She is a woman of strong determination, unflinching purpose and sterlingsJjntegrity, and ought to succeed in any undertaking upon which she sets her mind. We had the pleasure of attending the Relief Society and Primary Conferenc of Davis Stake on Friday, April 22. The Conference was'well attended; three meetings were held, two of the Relief Society and one of the Primary. Mrs. Sarah I. Holmes, President of the Stake R. S.. presided with her usual quiet dignity. Pres. Wm. R. Smith and Counselors, Anson Call and C. Lay ton, were present and spoke most encouragingly to the sisters and children. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, of this city, also addressed the meeting in a very able and instructive manner. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHHELIXK B. WELLS, - - Editor. in Salt like City, Utah Terms: One dopy one year, S2. 00; on copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for th price of nine. Advertising rates: Each Bqnaro, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to Published emi-monthl- y, regnlar advertisers. Exponent Office, Jjower West llodm of the Council House, South Temple Street, Business hours from 10 a. m, to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications, to Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1881. VISIT TO MORGAN. On Saturday morning, April 23, in company with. Pres. Eliza It. Snow Smith, we started for Morgan to attend the Conference of Relief So- ieties, Y." L. M.T. A, and Primary Associations. The Conference was well attended,house crowded By letter received from Miss Mattie Paul Hughes, who graduated last Jime at Ann Arbor,, as physician and surgeon, we Jearn she has. also graduated with honors, at the aJpnal School of Elocution and Oratory in Philadelphia, , .She Js, winning her own way to success by her persis. with attentive listeners at each meeting. Mrs. Lydia Rich makes a most excellent President of Relief Societies of the Stake. She is quite equal to the position and possesses genu! tent effort and fixed determination. We take great pleasure in watching the progress of this : ine ability, combined with humility, which fits her for the important work. The reports of branch organizations R. S. were very encouraging. The Y. L. M. I. A. Stake organization is presided over by Mrs. Jane Toomar, and seems to be in a prosperous condition. Mrs. Harriet Welsh has charge of the Primary Associations of Morgan Stake, which are in a flourishing con- -' dition. At the Conference the reports from all parts, wereexe,ejteut.. In ,he pjt Morgan branch, during one quarter, the children of the P. A. donated 548 Sunday eggs; A motion was made at the late Conference that the children appropriate all their donations during the next six months to emigrate an orphan child from England. Mrs. Lydia Rich told the children she would adopt the child and take it into her own especial care. The child will certainly have an excellent home and the best of training. We attended one R. S. meeting at North Morgan, Mrs. Elizabeth Worlton presiding. There were a large number of brethren as well as sisters present. Pres. W. G. Smith and his Counselors, Patriarch Mc'Bride of Richfield, and several Bishops and Elders attended the meetings of the sisters. We returned' home .Tuesday morning, having remained oyer night in bgdej; Sister Eliza did a great deal of public speaking during the three days we' were absent, and enjoyed herself very much. ' She has traveled through nearly all the settlements of the Saints, and many of them over and over again, and it is her delight to be among the people and aid by her influence and earnest labors to promote the interests of Zion. On Saturday evening, while at the residence of Brother S. Francis, we were surprised by a serenade of the string hand, who, although only lately in practise n a company, perform admirably. We tender them our sincere thanks for the sweet music and Hie compliment. We were also serenaded by the bras band, while at Bro. Toomar's, which is under the able management of Bro Bull,' of Morgan. They played some airs; andTwe also Tender them our grateful thanks for the honor. . young woman, and we are sure her many friends and fellow students here will: join us in congratulating her upon the successful result of her earnest labors so farj and add many good wishes for her future career in the path she has chosen. She has but very recentlyentered the Pennsylvania University, which has opened its doors to men and women alike, and Miss , s? , . i ! oul-tIrrin- ill f i g EDITORIAL NOTES, I Mrs. Butler, Gen. Butlerj now occu the plea position of warden of the Utah Peni- widow-o- f ; self-helpf- ul one hundred gentlemen the only lady in the class. We rejoice in her prosperity, and sincerely hope she may attain to the highest excellence possible in the profession, and we believe she possesses the requisite ability. Mr. Archibald Forbes, the renowned and - . popular London War Correspondent, delivered two intensely interesting lectures in the Theatre in this city, the evenings of April 28 and 29. Mr. Forbes was suffering from a severe cold and lameness, and was obliged to sit while speaking. He opened his first lecture "Royal people I have met," by saying he had, during the past ten years, made "seven distinct campaigns, five in Europe, one in Asia, and one in Africa." He gave forcible and graphic descriptions of several great men of each nation as he had eeen them, under the peculiar circumstances of war and battle grounds. The second lecture, "The Inner Life of a War Corresponden t," gave him more opportunity to display his ability in painting vivid and thrilling life pictures. Those who heard him will have a conception of the danger and risks of life and limb to which one h exposed 'who writes he war news for the pnb-li- e journals which the people read quietly xby their fireside, or at the breakfast-tabl- e. Mr.: Forbes is very pleasing in appearance he haa a' wonderful fountain of languageand hlssfyleris' sufficiently humorous to make him eminently7 tractive to his audience. - " J IN MEMORIAM" V vtueea v luioria, uosirmg to honor one who had proved himself a faithful and efficient fHendand servant, both to her'netf' and England, elevated him to the PeeragV by the title of Earl Beaconsfleld; but Disraeli's the household word by which the country will hand ucujumm xyisraen : down one of her faithful servants to posterity. By that name he patiently and perseveringly trod the , road, step by step, to fame and honor, until he stood at he right hand of his sovereign ' and next to her iri authority. Over thirty years have passed since the papers gave to the public the thrilling, impassioned, fervid speeches of this marvelously gifted.man! an d y et w i Jh ai? sbunjl pol icy and' common sense were the basis of the same. Therewas a strong opposition and party, feeling existing against him. What was the cause? Would men, senators, great men, stoop'so low as to envy h im ? or was it because the blood of Abraham flowed in his veins?. We have no time to trace out the ' it to, say it existed, and .men in that august assembly when he first arose to address them, forgot to be gentlemen, and actually laughed him to scorn ! thrice he arose, and they rudely silenced bJm then he sat down, and with a quiet dignity saying the, memorable words, ''Gentlemen, you will not hear me now, but the time will come when you shall hear me!M His ' prophetic nature made him calm; he knew his plane was a' ris'irtg one, and he had 'the character is tip fPfdu ranee ot the royal line of Judab. He verified; MiltonV superb assertion!, "They also serve who only stand' and wait." He waited, but never forgot to work; and at last came the "hiring," and the wages with it, aud jthe support and admiration' of a large, influential part of England, and the entire confidence and appreciation of his sovereign, who often Kent for him for private conferences, and was no doubt refreshed and strengthened for her arduous duties by his bold uucomprising policy, and by the inimitable language'ih whichr he ever clothed his ideas. His prophecy was nowvfulfilled, they did hear him, and bowed .the knee to him also, for he was now Premier of England. Methinks "they" heard him then I Yes, they "heard him gladlyj bis prophetic words were verified. ni9 last speech ia the House of Lords, on Lord Lyt-ton- 's motion with regard to Candahar, lacked none of the vigor of other times; "it was spirited, frank, and had many touches of the old inextinguishable humor, which used to illuminate the dullness of House of Commons debates like flashes of summer lightning." And in his last severe illness, b.6 spent some of the intervals from suffering in correcting, with the assistance of Lord Barrin'gtoh, that very speech; he seemed anxious that it should go forth to the world as correct as he Could make it. Oh, Death ! here is thy sting ! This Palladium of England, its Parliament, Constitution, Cabinet and Court, has passed away, and the country mourns her brilliant Statesman and her honored Patriot! We too have seen our great men pass' away, and we know how we mourned their loss. When a luminary is extinguished, we H. T. K. must feel the darkness ! : cause-HSuff- lce ; HOME AFFAIRS. Wednesday,' April 20, we attended the second anniversary of the Primary Association of. the 12th Ward, Mrs; Ellen Clawson presiding. The exercises were all' well rendered, and a marked improvement is noticeable The numbers have also greatly increased during the Jasr year, and it is easy rceieViiat Mrs. Cl'awson and her v rV efficient (uhsetorsi iiss- Atinie Davis and Uceu are, ; usjng their best efforts to - mase jtne J..- .- . a. interesting, attractive r . x &nnivttikry of Oth Wtrtl rn - ve. - 'tfaribtjd AifcciaiiOT of thi Pmk: bazkr wastredujp m cify; Tuesdjiy April 1 .. V- ana 19, w ' at one nd bfthg tali witfi :'a arie'tj of ':jpvU9: ornamental a;n J 'useiiilall made by Uie . little ; 