the Southern country very much, and while there she had a very nice time, especially working in the St. George Temple for her dead, and she feels to bear her testimony of the Holy Spirit that surrounds the Temple, caus, Horrocks, spoke of her recant ,visit to St. George, and that the remembrance of it and her visit to the Temple almost overcome her; said she felt to try and live to the teachings given there, and here in the sisters meet- Bister, Park likes Sister-C- . ing such a peaceful good feeling to prevail in and around the Temple, and throughout the place. c. ings. a K. 8., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. The ladies regular meetings in the 14th ward in this city are still continued, although of late we have omitted publishing on account of so many conference minutes from different parts of the Territory; but as these meetings are of special consequence we deem it wise to make notices now and then for the benefit of those who have not the privilege of attending. These meetings may be compared to the high school department of womens' orsemi-month- ganizations. ly becoming careless, when we find ourselves sur- rounded and overcome, we will begin to call on the Lord to deliver us. But it is our duty to help ourselves. Every woman who has the franchise should use it. Sisters vour individual influence may be a lever in the pommunity. We are entitled to man tain honest men in position. We have the "right so to do. Let us think what would be our fate were we once to lose power. There is a set determination to overcome this people. If Ave would not have past injustices repeated, we must look to our. - 30. Counselor Sarah M. Saturday July Kimball presided in the absence of the President M. Isabella Home. After the usual of the previous meeting were read and accented, also minutes of 12th, and 11th, ward Primary Associations. Mr. S. M. Kimball was the first speaker, she referred to this as the vacation season, and thought the physical condition aflected the Mentioned that Sister spiritual somewhat. Eliza R. S. S., who had been so long away was also Sister Horrocks who had present just re, exer-cises,minut- -- es selves. Br. E. B. Ferguson: Spoke very eloquently upon the suffrage question said she had been interested in and engaged in working for suffrage twenty, years; when she came to Utah and learned with what wisdom women used the ballot,she wished those in the East could understand the benefit. When the children of Israel departed from the teachings given them they suffered in consequence. If we prove the "Lord may suffer us to become innegligent bondage to those who would oppress us. Outside men are elected by party rather than by the people. Mrs. S. M. Kimball: said she had intended to go to the Primary Meetings but was hindered by a caller,she had since wished she had invited lura to go with her; felt we were under obligations to give, attention to public matters. "Every privilege becomes a duty." Mrs. B. W7 Smith: thought' "all citizens should go to the polls and vote the right ticket. If we sisters elect our party we may teCeive some favors we desire; if our enemies are elected w e may be disfranchised. Sisters use your influence with others turned from St. George. Sister E. R. & Smithaid she had come more .particularly to electioneer, that it was an important point; she had been very little with her sisters in the city for eight months, but realized how beautiful was the love of sisterhood, especially when the tie is the Gospel. Our Father has appointed for our growth and advancement our meeting together. "These" said the Savior "Z11, I Vke m7 jeweh." These blessings which ltis our privilege to obtain how important vyhat ' consequences depend upon our course Everything ' else in comparison with eternal .'riches is as nothing. In arranging questions and answers for the children "when I find that only two were permitted to enter the land of Canaan it seems strange. Btit yto find that these two wholly honored God. Moses took honor to himself. When Eycn thirsting and God gave him the rod and told . him what to do, he spoke to the children of .Ilrael as though it was of his own power the miracle was performed, the Lord showed that He. would be obeyed. I feel that every one present is a follower of the Lord. It require . great strength to do the will of God. Whether or as minute women tending to home-dutie- s 1 enetion fCannot.God avert the hand of the 5V, destroyer We can feel affliction but cannot so plainly see the wisdom thereof. The little ones are being gathered v home Oar Father has said that, in the last, days much precious seed for Himself. 'Let lay up d , us my communion with L!T? Sff 5?5m T SJVP- tttr .7 to-morr- 3 V election to vote, sisters let no trifling byMrs.MayA.lrelze. 14th. Ward Saturday ? him, I think can to a considerable extent mould ourselves The of Gwl excessive grief The ' Who ha, the same mSS the wrrow of ?r?ming G have- - I Have how those have not the knowled thal iTls But tUni the.SS" -' Mrs. P. L Kimball: It is of vital importance to us as a people that we hold the reins of government in our own hands as much as possible. Deduct the womens' vote, and see what might follow. Leave your work on Monday morning until you have voted, and be sure you have the right ticket. I have never missed since the ballot was given to the women ofvoting Utah Meeting adjourned for two weeks, singing dox- - I .a little nearer for good. ' called to perform some extra service, we can little by little.bnng every power into the service Il-woul- ; Dr. Romania B. Pratt, felt it was good to attend the meetings for she always had her spirit fed and strengthened there. It is a great privilege that we can go to the polls and vote and elect those men who are best for such trustworthy positions, It is the very end that the most talented women of the world are striving for. It is particularly important in Utah, that we Be careful who presides over us. We are getting so comfortable that we are also Aug. 13. Mrs. M. rtorne presiding After Sin (Tin (r an A rwrn....I. minutts were read from.llth, 12th, 18th, 16th ward Primary Associations. Sister Home made some remarks upon and recommended the sisters to use principle herbs and faith instead of employing outside thought faith and works should go physicians, I believe in together. our women employing midwives instead of male physicians those that have the inspiration of ho are ca"ed Th?se should speak of these things and of .evils Doctors often extort from such things should be remcdS If you employa Doctor adhere to their direction Dr Ferguson has said that sulphur and cream exS ' It is thW ; EvnVu ' ! li?' attamed The 3 io K adapted mor5rticularly there is no It us sS exertion. - to perfect.ourseivwithout before the Lori MMrs. B. Wi Smith, said those that attended these meetings are the wheat; those that watch and pray and try to seta good example and try to live the religion of Christ. We do not exercise as much faith as we should. The Lord is able to do all things for our good and the good of our children. I hope the sisters who go out to represent us in the world may be blessed. Mrs. E. S. Taylor, spoke of her visit to Morgan Co., they had live institutions there, more active than in Salt Lake, we ought to be more appreciative because we have greater advantages than the women of thejworld. Whv have any of the Saints lost their former faith. I fear there is a wrong, in some in placing too much faith in physicians, who do not understand as much as they profess. God should be our great physican. Mrs H. C. Young, said we do not realize as we should the responsibility that we bear before God to the people; we should enter the house of God with" pure minds. Spoke upon plural narrfage and tithing, the organization of the human system how supported etc. Mrs. M, P. Young and Mrs. M. I. Home made some suggestive remarks and the meeting was adjourned for two weeks, with singing and prayer .by Mrs. Julia Howe. St. David, Cachise Co. Arizona. Eeitor Exponent: We send you a short account of our progression in this far away place, we held our third Annual Meeting May 4th, 1881, our account being read showed that we had accumulated during the year $51.50; disbursed to missionaries 10.50; school house 9.25. For quilt material and other things 24.40. Balance in the Tretsury 7.35. Meetings held during the year 24; members, 15; average attendance 9. re are trying to do all the good we can, our President is alive to her duty and feels a desire for the advancement of the Relief great but it seems as though we have not much Society chance here at present. ; Our settlement is growing in numbers and eliope we shall be joined soon by some good faithful sisters that can and will assist us in bur Society. We have a very good day school and Sunday School, and a Primary Association so that our children ought to advance, we feel very thankful for the privileges that we are enjoying at the present time in regard to our children for they have had little chance for education since we came very here over four years ago. We are always glad to receive the Exponent and wish there were more here that felt as though they could subscribe for it. Praying God to bless, and aid you in your labors, we remain your listers in the (jrospe!. Cybina Merrill, Pres. Maria McRae, Sec'y. Auckland ?DH?R. ExPONENT:--Th- is Kelief bociety was Zealand branch of the by Elder George Batt Dec. 22 , 1880. Ulster Isabel Presidentand Sister Day andLucy Fox her Uunselors, Sister Williams, Secretary; Sister ed ap-point- Miles Treasurer. Ve commenced to accumulate a fund which was cheriully subscribed to by most of the sisters;-so- me giving money, others articles of clothing, etc, tinfil at' the date of writing, our books show," the sum of 10.14,0 a having been received,' and disbursed, 405,0 to the poor, and remainder to assist the missionaries m their labors in this land; we feel to than k God that we are considered worthy, to assist m thereat work of redemption. ; : -- In 9, .wetbaie farewell tq our beloved President and her counselors, viz., Sisters Lnxy 