WOMAN'S EXPONENT 142 carried eut as follows: Essays by Annie Peterson and John Seara." Five verses from the Bible were recited hy Master George Taylor and John Beardall. Recitations by Mary A. Sears and Carrie Leaker. Song by Ada Hubbert and little IxmieFelt: after which a few quastions were asked and answered by the ch i ldren . We find it better to have a varied programme as the children become tired of one thing. For instance one week a programme like the one above is carried out; the next the children make a few remarks telling how they enjoy their to meetings, and speak of the goodness of God them. We also practice singing. We have certain questions that we ask the children. For instance. If they know of any of the children belonging to the meeting that are sick, if so we pray for them. Then we ask how many have spoken cross during the week, (and we hear that this is a great help to the parents,) and many simple questions which please the children, and keeps the interest of the meetings up. Yours in the interest of the Primary Association. IIattie A. Felt, Sec'y. CORRESPONDENCE. Dear Editor; I have to often had a desire to our valuable paper, if it is write a few words only to say how much 1 appreciate it, and the good and instructive peices written therein, by our sisters. I can truly say the Exponent is a great comfort to us, it encourages and strength-then- s the laborers of Zion, and all that have a desire to do good. Asa Relief Society we are striving to live in accordance with the spirit of the times, in encouraging each other in our duties as Saint. I am happy to anounce that at our last Quarterly C6nference a Stake organization of the sisters was effected. I think it will prove a great blessing tatbiister$ of this. Stake my prayer is that our noble sisters who are laboring for the welfare and advancement of Zion, may live to see and reajize the fruits of their labors, in rich abundance. Wishing the ExpoI am your nent the success it so richly deserves of Cause in the Truth. friend and Mary L. Woolf. Hyde Tark, Feb. 6th, 18S1 . co-labo- rer Garden city Editor ExponfNt: The R. S. of Garden was June 17, 179, under the organized City, direction of Stake presidency Sisters Julia Lindsay Elizabeth Collins and Mariahy Rich. We have held our meetings regularly every month also our working meetings monthly svhich are generally well attended. A good spirit prevails. We have stored 6S bushels of wheat, and some white beans: we have donated 6 dollars to the temple and nave still some means on hand in the Treasury: the amount stated in thestatis-tica- l reports. We have a Sunday School a Young Ladies and Primary Association. We have a good Bishop well respected by the people. The people of this place,with a few exceptions, are young all having young families; we anticipate an interesting time through the winter season. Yesterday being New year's day the children and friends of our President Sister Ann E. Cook, left Garden City in 10 sleighs and with amply filled baskets and cheerfnl countenances repaired to the home of our President at Iron Crek3 mile distant, for the purpose of giving herself and husband a surprise on the occasion of the 41st Anniversary of their Wedding Day. At three o'clock Brother and Sister Cook were summoned from a short distance where they were visiting, passing through the dining-rooWhere two long tables were set with a.sumptuous repast. They were ushered into the bitting room which was crowded to inconvenience. Bishop Calder bade them welcome and made a few appropriate remarks on the o'ject of the gathering and poke of the kind feeling entertained by the people toward the family. Several Rhort speeches were made by others of the brethren, relating to the good feeling entertained for them as good and true and long-triemembers of the Church, their hardships and persecutions in the early rise of the same. An essav m d on tlieir Wedding-da- y fleers: President Eliza Ann Ogilvie, Counselors auu juarsu auu miuw jlloubcu, secretary JMary Marsh, Treasurer, Martha L. Peterson. Since we were organized we have been doing all we could, to promote the interest of sericulture in was read, by one of the1' children, written by Amy r,. uo. were present at the tables after which all. enjomea joyed themselves in the dance; others the party later in the evening swelling the number to nearly a hundred. pleasantly with the Everything passed offCook thanked the peobest of feelings, Brother kindple in behalf of himself and wife, forto their his ness, said he had not the language express t: gratitude but felt that it had been a day long be remembered. Amy E. Cook Sec'y. y this stake, more especially in Richfield, we have purchased some mulberry trees of three and four years old and planted them on a quarter lot belonging to the Relief Society. This winter we have, purchased a lot, of seventy-fiv- e dollars to we which intend' cost on ($75) plant mulberry trees. We have several hundred cuttings ready when the season comes to plant them. Some of the settlements of this Stake are doing very well in this branch of Mary Marsh Sec'y. home-industi- y. Manassa, Colorado, Jan. 3rd, 1881 . Dear Exponent: Wishing to say a word along with the rest of my sisters, I will endeavor to write to you again. The winter in this place has been quite pleasant, so far for this cool climate, which has proved a great blessing to the poor Saints, who come in from a warm climate, very late in the year. Brother Erastus Snow and Son have been here with us for about six weeks teaching and preaching to us here which has proved to be a great help to us here, it shows that we are not forgotten in our efforts to build 4ip this waste place. I do not think anyone else Saint would have ever tried to but a Latter-da- y make a home on this barren looking plain, but we came here with faith hat God would bless the land for our sakes, and the land has proved to be good, it will yield an abundance of wheat and vegatables. We have not had time yet to try fruit to a very great extent. Our town is growing rapidly, one can see new log houses going up almost every day. The people here are mostly from the Southern States, they are a d very people in general. We have a day and Sabbath School in regular session and a goodly number of children attending. The holidays are now over we have had a pleasant time. We have had some sickness during the winter but all are now better. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, I remain your well wisher S. G. B. in the Truth. kind-hearte- Marriotsvilj.e, WeberCo. FfiB8th, 1881. Editor Exponent: We take the opportunity this evening affords "'of writing to apprise you how we are progressing in this place. Our meetings have been held very constant since our organization in A. D. 18G8. The sisters have been firm and true to the trust enjoined upon them by their superiors in the Priesthood, and have labored continuously and assiduously for the elevation of their sex, the well being of the sick, and the independence of Zion. The Belief Society of this Ward gave a party at Christmas to the young folks which was a splended affair giving great satisfaction. Dancing which has heretofore been the acme of amusement for our youth, has toned down considerable, givmg place to exercises more intellectual and refined, We have ihad some very agreable birth-da- y surprises which have been very pleasant and profitable, one of which we desire to make mention of, viz., that of our Pres. Sister Anne Bickington; The sisters made her some nice presents; as a token of their high appreciation of her services, and to crown the whole. Sister Jane S. Richards, of Ogden, unexpectedly came in and presented her with a very handsome portrait of herself having been taken while on her recent visit to Sari Francisco, all were very greatefully accepted, and responded to in a short, but concise speech by Sister Bickington. Others present (of which there were quite a number) contributed with speeches, songs, recitations Ac. Bishop Ritchie furnishing a good quota. The Institutions of the Ward are in a fair healthy condition including the Primary, bearing the aspect of progress, growth and prosperity. We have built a good Granary completed last fall, and stored away about 136 bus. of wheat. The Exponent is always a welcome visitor, and is read with a interest. Ever hoping for its continued success. I am fraternally Yours Ac. (J a TnARiNE Parry, Sec'y. hon-orob- le deep-abidi- ng 5 SERICULTURE. rr,ReiMw0f the Silk Association of Sevier Stake. Ihe bilk Association of Sevier Stake was organized May 26th 1879, with the following of-- PAROWAN RELIEF SOCIETY FERENCE. CON- Meetings and Reorganization. The Fourth QuarterlyjConference of the Relief Societies composing the.. Parowan Stake of Zion was held in the Parowan meeting house Nov. 13th. Quite a number of the brethren being present. Verbal reports were given by the representatives of the different branch societies and organizations in the Stake showing a general desire in both old and young to increase in knowledge and good works. Many of the sisters addressed the congregation exhorting one another to diligence and perseverance in the work of God, bearing testimony to the truth of the principle of a pluraltiy of wives. President Dame. Bishop Arthur and several rof the brethren addressed the sisters, said they were proud to see them stand forth and so valiantly uphold the principles of truth. Counseled them to seek the spirit of God and its guidance in all their undertakings. Conference was adjourned to be held in Cedar City on the 13th day of Febuary next. November 16th: The sisters of Cedar City were highly pleased by a call from our beloved Sisters E. R. Snow and Zina D.Young, who held meeting in the evening, imparting to alltomuch have good instruction. Counseled mothers a watchful care over their little ones, to strive above all to, instil into their tender hearts principles of truth and virtue. Spoke on the principle of Plural Marriage advising all never to to speak lightly of this holy order. Referred the the necessity of home industries, encouraged sisters to persevere in their endeavors at silk culture. Urged upon them the neccessity of attending their meetings and donating to the poor. The meeting was considered byjall present to be a feast of good things and we humbly thank our beloved sisters for their good instruction; praying the Lord to bless them and preserve them in their labor of love. Dec. 6th,a reorganization of the Young Ladies M. I. A., was effected and the following young ladies elected as officers. Caroline Keturah Julia Arthur, President; Sarah Ann Higbee, L. Jones, Ann Neilson Counselors; Ellen E. Louisa Ast. Jones Ann Sarah Sec'y., Secretary: Leigh, Treasurer. They were all set apart to their various offices by the presiding brethren. The former officers who have labored diligently since the first organization five years ago, who were at that time young girls, now have families to attend to, therefore they are honorably released with the'blessmgs and good wishes of the brethren and sisters for their faithfulness and humility. May prosperity attend all associations formed for the benefit of God's people old and young, is the prayer of your sister in the Gospel. J. P. Mackelprano, Cor., Sec'y. . R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. primary report. The Primary Association of Bloomington was organized on the 14th of June 1879 under the direction of'Pres' Lindsey and under her kind watchcare and motherly counsel we have prospered. Our ranks now. number 135 members. At our last Conference in August last, a Stake presidency of P. A. was organized, as follows: Mrs. Anna Laker President, Mrs. Elizabeth Pugmirc and Mrs. Elizabeth Hunt, Counselors. All are veterans in Zion's cause. Some of whom have traced their experience beck to the scenes of Nauvoo. And with such 