WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 130 which were high, and the entrance to which was in an obscure corner, where the "Squire" from the "big house" could enter unobserved, and retire when he pleased, without disturbing the congregation. These, and the --chancel window of stained glass, in "which the figures of the Apostles were seen, grouped around the form wThich is everywhere recognized so readily, that of our Savior these, all these and more, had only just become familiar, when Mr. and Mrs. Unipod had to return again to London. Hallowed for centuries have been the ecclesiastical edifices in which our forefathers worshipped; the devotional feeling engendered by -- surroundings and ceremonial observances are not without their meaning to the thoughtful.' If humanity saw the truth "as. through a glass darkly! there was a dim perception of the existence ojf Deity; a lying logic had not yet learned to deny the being of a God because of the excellency and majesty of the methods of creation! their awo-inspirin- g To be Continued. life Incidents. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. continued. There are thousands who can testify to the truth of the words contained in the charge giyen by Brother 0. Cowdery to the Twelve Apostles previous to starting on their first mission, and although he was among the ones who first turned aside, yet we know that he spoke by the spirit and power of the Almighty, for his words have been fulfilled. The Church at that time was but a little handful, as it were, and therefore weak in faith when compared with. those. who have had a. longer experience and can see and better understand the purposes of our Heavenly Father. If we have not improved it is because we have neglected our opportunities. They had to walk by faith but we have a knowledge for we have witnessed the fulfillment of the Prophet Joseph's words from that day to this,and how can we doubt the rest. When I think of the miraculous power that has been manifested at different times in our deliverance from the cunning devices of our enemies and to witness the faith and hope which the Saints have clung to, enabling them to patiently endure the sneers and scoffs of the world, and all the aggravating trials which have been heaped upon them for over fifty years, I wonder that anybody can be so blind as not to see and realize that none but Saints who are looking to the future beyond this short piobation for their reward, could or would for a moment submit to these wrongs; but we can afford to wait for we know that the Almighty, who ha4 fought our battles will continue to, and overthrow our enemies if we faithfully perform our part. The following interesting sketches are from my fathers Journal. After giving a description of the house of the Lord in Kirtland he says: "This building was commenced in 1833, in poverty and without means to do it. In 1834 they completed the walls, and in 1835 and 6 they nearly finished it. The cost was between 60 and 70,000 dollars. The house was dedicated to the Lord on the 27th day of March 1836. During the ceremonies of the dedication an angel appeared and sat near President Joseph Smith, feen.nd Frederick G. Williams so that they had a fair view of his person. ,'He was a very tall personage," black eyes,, white hair, and stoop' shouldere'-Higarment was whiteextending to hear Jus' ankles, on his feet; s he had sandals. He was sent as a messenger ''' to accept of the dedication. "In the winter of 1834 and 35, all the principal Elders in upper Missouri came down to Kirtland according to previous appointment. Some of them spent , the summer laboring on the house, while others traveled and preached in the Eastern and Southern States." and Among the outside world there has been still is an impression that the "Mormons" are not particular about having schools or educatis one ing their children. This of course onlythem out of many other false ideas cherished by against the Latteplay Saints. The following which I copy from my father s .Journal shows that they are ignorant of our faith and princiSaints ples, for it' was a command that the should seek learning Ac "In the fall, and 1835-- 6 the Priests early part of the winter of hood of Israel consisting of elders, priests, teachers and deacons, gathered to Kirtland to the number of four hundred and sixteen who remained there through the winter. Schools were instituted for their use; many studied English Grammar, Geography, History and other branches. We also employed Ihe celebrated Hebrew teacher Professer Leixas, who in a gave us much insight into that language short time. The first Presidency, the Twelve, Bishops, High Counselors and Elders, attended this school. The Elders and Church had been previously commanded to seek learning, study the best books and get a knowledge of countries, kingdoms, languages, &c., which inspired us with an untiring thirst after knowledge. Several months previous to this we had been commanded to prepare ourselves for a solemn assembly. At length the time arrived for this assembly to meet, previous to which President Joseph Smith Jun., exhorted the Elders to solemnize their minds, by casting aivay everv evil from them in thought, word, or deed, and to let their hearts become sanctified, because they need not expect a blessing from God without being duly prepared for it, for the Holy Ghost would not dwell in unholy The solemn assem,bly,tooK temples. House of the Lord Jiad the after place soon been dedicated." After describing the ceremonies of washing and anointing and conferring blessings upon the Prasident and Counselors and the different quorums, father continues. "While these things were being attended to the beloved disciple John was seen in our midst by Brother Joseph Smith Jun. Oliver Cowdery and others. After this all the quorums arose in order together with the three presidencies; and the Twelve then presenting themselves separately and individually before the first Presidency, withliand uplifted towards heaven, asked of God whatever they felt to desire; and after each individual petition, the whole of the quorums answered aloud Amen and Amen. The 6th day of April being the day appointed for fasting and praying, all the Elders, Priests, Teachers and Deacons, numbering about four hundred, met together in the house of the Lord to attend to further ordinances none being premited to enter, but official members who had previously received their washing and an' ointing." Alter the ordinances were attended to, father continues. "They then took their seata each quorum seating themselves in their respective places and continued in fasting and praying prophesying and exhortation untileven-mg- . A sufficent quantity ofbread having been provided to feed this whole assembly; lwas broken by the first Presidency, and afterwards the Twelve'took it ami administerecl to the congregation until they were'all filled." The wine was made and provided by Bishop N. K. Whitney for this occasion. It was blessed by the first Presidency and distributed to the congregation by the Twelve; father says, "This order of things h similar to that which was attended to by the Savior amongst his The previous to his ascension. ' meeting continued on through the night, the spirit of prophecy wa3 poured out upon the assembly, and cloven tongues of fire sat upon dis-ciplo- s, , them? thev were seen hv mamr k Also angels administered to m4v gation. and also were seen by many. This continued several days, an was attended by a marvel, ous spirit of prophecy, and for a number of . weeks our time was spent in from visiting house to house, administering bread and wine and pronouncing blessings upon each other to that degree, that from the external appearances one would have supposed that the last days had surely come, in which the Spirit of the Lord was poured out upon all flesh, as far as the church was concerned, for the sons and daughters of Zion were full of prophesying In this prophesying great blessings were" pronounced upon the faithful, and also great cursings upon the ungodly, or upon those who had smitten us. During this time great and marvelous visions were seen, one of which I will mention, which Bro. Joseph Smith, Jun., had concerning the Twelve. His anxiety was and had been very great for their welfare, when the following vision was manifested to him, as near as I can recollect. He saw the Twelve going forth, and they appeared to be on a far distant land; after some time they unexpectedly met together, apparently in great tribulation, their clothes all ragged and their knees and feet sore. They formed into a circle, and all stood with their eyes fixed upon the ground. The Savior appeared and stood in their midst and wept over them, and wanted to show Himself to them, but they did not discover Him. He saw until they had accomplished their work and arrived at the gate of the celestial city; there Father Adam stood and opened the gate to them, and as they entered, he embraced them one by one and kissed them. He then led them to the throne of God, and then the Savior embraced eaah one of them and kissed them, and crowned each one of them in the presence of God; he saw that they had all beautiful heads of hair, and all looked alike.5' "The ' impression this vision left" on Brother Joseph's mind was of so acute a nature, that he never could refrain from weeping while rehearsing it." Those were truly glorious seasons enjoyed by the Latter-da- y Saints in Kirtland, after passing through so much sorrow and the many privations endured while toiling to build the house of the Lord. They were thankful to see that day, for He was true to his promise. It seemed as though they stood in need of a double portion, because of their sufferings there and also in the State of Missouri, where so many of their brethren had been cut down by the cholera. The Lord in his tender mercy, knowing they had been obedient and patient, blessed them with those miraculous manifestations. I have read this vision many times, and it always brings the same heavenly infruenca, lifting as it were the curtain which hides eteto us the pure rnity from our love and charity which characterized the life of our blessed Savior, whose example we should all strive to imitate. I feel sure that the Lord will be more merciful towards those who stumbled and fell by the wayside in the early start of the church, than He will be to the ones who have become farther advanced in the knowledge of the truth, and then apostatized. I would admonish my young friends to beware of apostacy, moro especially those who hare been endowed with th. blessings of the Holy all. Priesthood, which are the most sacred of To me there is nothing that is so terrible as the doom of an apostate. 1 have no recollection ot the dedication, or the solemn assembly whicb took place. in the Temple at Kirtland, not bedesing present, but have heard my parents tne cribe it. I remember the love which anTwelve Apostles manifested towards one other, a3 they frequently met together atay council, but some oi father's house, not n viewr-showin- g . - 