WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 60 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. n. WELM, KM ME I.I M: Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, 2. 00; on copy bx months $1.00 Ten copies for tha price of nine. Advertising rates: ach square, ten lines of n on parell space, onetime, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to negnlar advertisers. Exponent Office-- Lower West Koom of the Council Ilonse, South Temple Street. Bnsinesa hoars from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address aII business commnnicatlon8 to 1'tiMJsher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. PnbliBhed Bcmi-raonthl- y, , "SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 15,1881. Till; PRESIDENT. Everything connected with President Garfield" is intensely Interesting at the present time to all 2oyal Americans and to many others. The newspapers were never so watched for unless In the rrecent war an they are now. Yet the telegrams are nearly all unsatisfactory and sometimes one cannot help fueling they are also unreliable, for the most 'contra liVtory reports are occasionally received; one day rne will become quite elated with the idea of hi" speedy recovery and the next feel ho is sure to die. Strange,too,that it was never even hinted before that the White House was unhealthy; others seemed to thrive exceedingly well in 'he maternal atmosphere if such Jt be. Tf President Garfield had not been wounded, the people would probably have been in bkwed iguorance yet of the unhealthy home of the Chief Executive of the Republic. However, we are very glad President Garfield ha succeeded in his wish or desire to go to Long Branch and sincerely hope the sea breeze will prove invigorating to the Nation's invalid. The latest news Peems more favorable to his recovery thauanyof recent date. To be able to sit up even in an invalid's chair is encouraging, and savors of convalescence. President Garfield has shown himself a truly brave man by his patient endurance of pain and confinement. It is hard for a strong, active man to lie laid low without a moment's warning,and that he has uever complained or manifested feelings of hatred or him a thousand times more to his friend and countrymen, as well as givi g them assuraru he is not only a man of nerve and great nobility of character, but patient, capable of wonderful endurance and withal, a sincere Christian. Hut what of the wife and mother, have they not also sullen d? Yes, if not physically, mentally and spiritually, this suffering must have terrible. But there are now strong at times for hope of peody relief and restora ground not without doubts and misgivings in tlon, yet the minds of those best acquainted with actual facts. Still, the country stands as it were, and waits fir the Life and death are in the hand of Him, who kn nvs what is t.est and who -- iloeth all things wt 11. LOGAN AND OGDEN CONFERENCES. The Relief Society Stak Conference was held In Logan, Cache County, Saturday and Sunday, September 3 and 4, Mrs. Libbie B Benson presiding. President Wm. Preston and Counselor Card were on the Hand, ladles from Halt Lake, n- l1?. R. E. - Snow Smith, EJToward and' Wells, and there was a large attendance of brethren and sitter; the large and commo , diousbuilding was well filled, both in the main hall and galleries. Prest. Preston made a few exceedingly appropriate and suggestive remaiks on Saturday, On Sunday a Stake organization was effected of the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations of Cache County. Mrs. Harriet A. Preston was nominated and sustained as President, Miss Ida lone Cook and Mrs. Kenna B Caine, Counselors, Allie Preston, Secretary, and Kate Smith, Treasurer. Following this, a Stake organization of the Primary political rights should be recognized. The condition of woman now was very different to what it had been, not only in Utah, where we hate the suffrage, bat in several of the States where they have school suffrage. Sister Sarah & Richards said all the intelligence we gain here we shall take with us, and It will rise with us In' the morning of tfie Said, "let us set a good example before all, speak kind words, give to the poor, and do our duty in all places; go to the polls and vote, as we would perform any other duty. Sister H. C. Brown 'made a few spirited and presented the name of the presiding board of the Relief Society to the Confer-encMrs. iSlizaR. Snow Smith, President, Mn Zina D. Young and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, rfesur-rectio- Associations was effected, by electing Mrs. Jane E. Molen, of Hyde Park, President, Mrs. Adeline Barber, Smithfleld, and Mrs. Mattie B. Hanson, of Logan, Counselors, Lavinia Perry, Secretary, and Ellen Lundberg, Treasurer. ter the close of the meeting these sisters were blest and set apart to fill the office and calling for which each one had been chosen, by Prest. Preston and his Counselor, L. O. Card. The Societies and Associations of Cache County are now fully organized. At five o'clock p. m. a Primary Conference was held in the Tabernacle. A large number of children were assembled, two or three hundred; Prest. Preston and other leading brethren were present, and a large number of sisters. 'Sister Eliza R. S. Smith conducted the meeting, and gave much good instruction to the little folks. Sisters Wells and Howard addressed them for a short time. There was some delightful singing by the children at the close, from a class under the teaching of Bro. Stevens, about one hundred and fllty Joining in the choruses. On Monday the sisters drove over to Wells-vlllheld a special meeting at 4 o'clock p. m., Sister E. R. S. Smith organized a Primary and Association with one hundred and two names enrolled. Mr. Maria Parkinson was elected President, Sarah Jones and Emily Baugh, Coun. selors, Kate Brown, Secretary, Charles Brad-shaAssistant Secretary, and Jane Maughan, Af- e, w, Treasurer. On Thursday morning, Sept. 8, Weber Stake Relief Society Conference convened in theOg-de- n Tabernacle, Mrs. Jane 8. Richards presidn ing. Prest. D. H. Peery and Coun. C. F. were in the stand, also Mrs. Richards, Counselor Mrs. H. C. Brown and Mrs. Sarah S. Richards, President of the Relief Society of Gentile Valley, and Mrs. Eliza R. S. Smith, Mrs. E. Howard and Mrs. E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City. Sisters were assembled there from all parts of Weber Stake. Minutes were read, also written reports. Sister E. R. S. 8. addressed the sisters a few minutes upon subjects connected with the work in which they were Mid-dleto- engaged. Prest. Peery spoke in a forcible and impressive manner on the educating and training of children, and gaining intelligence by reading the news of. the day aud other kindred subjects, the bountiful harvest, the signs of the times, &c. Sisters E. B. W. and Jane S. Richards each made a few remarks, and meeting adjourned until afternoon. In the afternoon session Sister E. R. 8. S. was the fir?t speafcer. She made an eloquent address on the suffrage, and appealed earnestly to the ladies to exercise the privilege of the ballot; many other subjects were also alluded to. Sister E. Howard spoke at considerable length upon plural marriage, domestic life, the'growth of intelligence, and the suffrage in woman's hands, its influence and power. Elder F. 8. Richards spoke of the great change that had taken place In the worM since the question ofwoman's position had been before the public, the growth of opinions, the breadth .oUntaUigence; felt it was not only a blessing to all, but was essential to the advancement and ytcgibw of tho human family that woman's n. re-mar- e, Counselors. Sister E. R. S. Smith then presented the names of the presiding board of Weber Stake, who were unanimously sustained. Conference closed. Friday rmoning the Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. convened at the tame place, Mrs. Sarah A. Herrick presiding. t)r. Romania B. Pratt and Mrs. Louie B. Felt, of Salt Lake City, were present. Minutes were read and reports 'from the several branch Associations. These reports showed that good work had been done by the yoUng ladies. Home reading was also represented, which gave number of Bible chapters 5,393, Book of Mormon' 1,454, Sections in Doctrine and Covenants 819, Miscellaneous 5,391. One Society reported testimonies borne 140, chapters in history read in meeting 460, eeaayi written 12. The speakers who occupied the remainder of the forenoon and the afternoon were Sisters S A. Herrick, E. R. 8. Smith, 8. 8. Richards, L. Felt, R. B. Pratt, E. B. Wells, E. Howard and J. 8. Richards, respectively, who gave excellent instruction to the young ladles, urging them to.diligence, warning them of evil and temptation, and encouraging them to persevere m the way of Primary Conference. well-doin- g. Ou Saturday morning a beautiful sigh $ was presented the large Tabernacle nearly filled with beautiful, intelligent looking children, Mn . Josephine R. West presiding. After the exercises of singing and prayer had been conducted, the children all joining in the hymns, exercises were rendered by some one or more of the members from each Primary represented In the Conference. The children acquitted themselves exceedingly well In their respective parts, In reciting, singing, or playing. The presidents also deserve great credit for1 their perseverance and tact in bringing them forward as well as they have done since the organization begun. The sisters present made sojne short and Interesting speeches, and asked some questions, which were very well answered from the audience. Mrs. Josephine R. West, who presides over the P. A. of Weber Stake, spoke to the children about their Fair, which is to be held In Ogden City 2Sd and 24th of September, in the Fireman's Hall. Conference was adjourned, and the benediction pronounced by Master Johnnie Hill. WOMAN SUFFRAGE IN UTAH. Our editorial of August 15 called forth from some of the active workers in woman's tuflraf e considerable comment, and we have received letters from a couple of very intelligent Udiee n U?5JubJeck One thing would sayjn rejre ply although the huiiei have had the of privilege voting in Utah eleven year, yet H cannot be expected that every .one Ji AQfrf Cn ' lstat 