V 7f(MAfBllP0IEIT." The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations, Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 1, ,1881. 9. A NEW PAGE. clean seroll of paper pure and white, Koll'd np blank before us, lies the. Year 60,Ncw; jjewarc! my soul nor.blot its surface bright, Fill out the page with efforts brave, and true. Like a time and talent, husband well thy share The records of the Aes God doth keep; fair-T- hat The recompense of all is surely even as we sow we yet shaft reap. Of to appear feeling shall be stirr'd the coming year, or what conferr'd. Rightly begin, it needs not What heights, or depths of Witbin our souls throughout What good 6hall bo with-lield- , start with good resolves is always wise, Good resolutions, good results must bring; E'en as refreshing fruits are realized From the sweet blossoms and the bud3 of Spring. To of good intentions 6ome are frail And even blighted by the frosts of care Among the many some shall yet prevail, Some precious fruit our good resolves shall Iear. What if, this we know, we needs must seek God's guiding; Without it all our noblest plans are vain; And little will we care for man's deriding, While to direct us God doth kindly deign. And care not through time's misty veil to see Wfcose shadowy folds, our future must conceal; SulMent for each day our strength shall be, "SuOicieht for each day the needful ill." We And cheerfully we greet the Coming Year; No dire forebodings shall our thoughts engage; Our hope shall be to engrave a record clear, Worthy perusal on its bright new page: Emily Hill Woodman m. 3. L. City. MEDITATIONS! BY H ANN ATI T. KING. its awful "Total." It is a time for serious reflection, for calling in our thoughts, for looking over the ledger of daily life, for reviewing the pad, for new resolutions, for improvement, for looking forward for what is ahead of us, even to the grand finale, wheii "man goeth to his long 'home and the mourners go about the streets." These thoughts need not make us sad; it is the mind with the only in whatever shape or form it comes, inevitable, or is to come. If prosperity, we need some preparation for it, that we may beat the responsibility it must bring with it, in a becoming manner; for such have a stewardship to be accounted for; yes, indeed, one that will surely be required of them! If it is poverty and privation, affliction by sickness or bereavement, for that too we need to be prepared, for it is a severe school, and we need faith and resignation, and submission all are needed, yet, though under a cloud, let us remember the sun is still shining behind it. One, who was a tried being from infancy to the grave, wrote that sublime hymn, "God moves in a mysterious way," and told us, "The clouds ye so much dread, are big ivith mercy." How sublime, how 'sweet is confidence in God! Ever let us try to realize that He is our Father, that though some of His lessons are very hard to learn, yet, when learned they advance us to the "high school," intended for us, that these rudimental lessons make us stronger, more capable of endiiranaad qualify us for still higher "forms;" and enable us to walk "alone with our God." It is grand to reach that point when "nothing can touch us farwisdom-to-familiarize -- self-relian- t, ther." Must we die to attain that desideratum? Yes, we must die to all .diseased feeling, and lav on the shelf some of our most beautiful, most cherished feelings, which, is as well, for what can we do with them? Wl go forward matter-of-facin the path of life, common-senst, e, people. With such a temperament not much can touch us! In reviewing the past year, I realize the blessings of the Lord have been over His peoand ple, and his blessings descend on the just business-of-lif- e "The old year's gone And the new year's come." A happy new year to all our readers; yes a happy new year to all! And especially to the poor.'the sick and the afflicted; may the new year open upon them with a brighter, warmer comphase; Father of mercies and God of all, fort; "the earth is thine and the fullness there- wilt thou not turn and overturn affairs in the revolving year, that a portion of prosperity may fall on them; that health may be restored to the sick, prosperity to those long struggling with adverse circumstances, poverty and adversity; peace and happiness, or resignation to the mourner, and the bereaved. Send down thy light and thy truth" into every heart that is honest and desiring to possess it, that each may W warmed, invigorated, and fertilized by the g invigorating, power, and principles of the same; may health and peace, and the comforts of life be in. the dwellings of the righteous in the habitations of the Saints of of," life-givin- Latter-day- s. The car of Time rolls on with noiseless velocity, so that we cease to realize it. We hail a New Year, we welcome it into our hearts, and into our homes; life appears to take on a new phase, our hopes run high; we build, we plant, drink and are merry. marry and are given in marriage, we take we sow We we reap, we eat, journeys, we speculate, we get gain, and in a .short time we awake to the fact that the year i old ! is passing away, and behold another takes its place; and so the sum of life runs up to unjust. The catalogue "the world" exhibits amid these blessings is fearfulj warfare, anarchy, rebellion, India deluged with the Verily blood of brave European soldiers. such cost when dear they kingdoms are bought a price; besides widow's groans and orphan's which the tears; and next railway horrors of Tay bridge was the climax;earthquakes causing whole cities to totter, volcanoes throwing out c rivers of burning lava,long and broad,desolat-inthe country for miles, fires depopulating whole districts, with their desolating conseand loss of life; quences to the inhabitants, in a plagues sweeping off .a rising generation fewshort months. We, too, have not escaped nere we have seen our infant population cut famidown by a fearful scourge, nearly whole lies and in some cases all taken, and left the hearth of home desolate indeed! All this makes a fearful catalogue; but alas! the halt is sheet to not told. Has there been no balance this dark page of a year's history? without number. The light of heaven still the sil.hint- - upon us in all its vivifying glory; sphere ver moon still marshals over the azure out shine in in her benign splendor, the stars all their twinkling, panting, breathing voices, us not, but worsaying, here we are, worship us as lamps in the blue ship Him who placed Peace and plenty ether for your benefit. on the es-bl- es-ines No. 15. have reigned in our hemisphere, the peace of God has been with us, and has bound up the bruised and broken hearts of the bereaved. Do we ponder on these things? Do we lay them to heart, and endeavor to show forth our gratitude to the Great Giver by walking consistently before Him and before our fellow creatures? Dec. M, 1880. 1 Here as write, my mind runs back in its reflections to other days and other years, when I ever made a point of spending the last hour d of the old year alone; and devoted it to made such palpable in notes to each of the members of my beloved family; thus employed, I witnessed the departure of tho old year, and the advent of the new; such for years was my custom, and I find the old habit fitting close upon me at this present sitting. Times have changed, 1 am alone, quite alone all are away. Even at this remote distance of time, and distance of earthly space, and the mighty Atlantic rolling between all the past, I sliut 1 my eyes d listen and can hear those thrilling chinies of bells still can I call up the time, the hour, the association of feelings and ideas with all the vividness of actual presence; memory, that wonderful gift, is awake, she isopens her cells, long closed, and from them sue the spirits of that day, and hour, and the time of old. We hear their voices, the voices of the young and happy; they come in our dreams, but "they are pale in the tomb, in the winter house," we have bent the red eye over them, their voices remain in our ears, but wc shall see them no more on earth. These were ministering spirits of our own flesh and blood, and made at that time the starlight of our life, but they,Jike the year that is past, they too have passed into eternity, they are with the blessed of all ages, in the habitation of the just, made perfect, and with God, the Great Father of the universal family. Hush! Imagination is busy with me! I hear those lovely bells, they have all been raised now they ring ready for the advent peal,-anout with at first a firing salute, and then float off into the most joyous music, that at this still gued to the souls of the hour speaks tru in pet-tolisteners, and each interprets their language to the whisperings of their own souls, ft is a moment of deep, intense excitement felt but never spoken. The year is past; it is 1881. all our Again we say a happy new year to readers yes, to the whole h u man fain ily! May the enlightening influence of the Spirit of God Let us say move upon this terrestrial planet. with one of old, "Let us fall into the hands of eneGod," but save us from the hands of our reflec-tion.an- d n mies. Sunday, Nov. 20, 1880, memorial services Sermon by were held in Brooklyn, N. Y. John W. Chadwick, for Lucretia Mott and of their Lydia Maria Child; giving a synopsis tribute to life and works, and paying a grateful their honored memory. S ist kus Eliza and Zina are still in South- ern Utah, traveling in the settlements, holding etc. meetings, and organizing the children, y thev. go to Leeds, from there up the river as far as Kockport, visiting towns and settlements upon the way. They had intended the roads visiting Kanarra and Harmony, but be are so damaged by the storms they will not able to do so at present. Had not decided, about returning home. To-da- ff ! 