WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ! p Conference was adjourned until the middle be held in Tooele City, Singing. Action byJJio. John Rich. iSaturdaythe brass band was in at-- , n(jaDce at the Conference, and inspired the MDe with sweet music The band is under Prof. James Ballitt. he leadership of Ann Tate, Cor. Sec'y. p S. On K S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Utah Stake. of the Ninth Quarterly Meeting of Relief Society, held in Pro vo Meeting House, Minutes Sister 'Mar- Smoot being absent on xtccount of sickness, the meeting was presided over by A number of the Counselor Mary John. Visitors from Salt brethren were also present. B. E. Wells, S.M. Kimball, Lake City, Sisters 'Minutes of former and 'Sister E. Howard. The reading Conference read and approved. omitted in were r.fthe reports of the quarter tirder to give time to hear from our visitors. The Presidents of the different wards of the city, and societies throughout the county, gave verbal reports, all bearing testimony to the faithfulness of the few who attended their SoSister Kimball ciety meetings regularly. relative to remarks instructive made some very the Relief Societies, gave some instructions to Secretaries. Said she thought it would have ken pleasant to have had a record of past events to have read at our Jubilee, and proposed to have a box with important items and events and photographs'etc.jto be opened by her successors, and if any Society wishes they can toward items to her to be deposited therein. SisteT E. B. Wells said, I think the sisters of Utah County are improving in various ways. Sfx.ke of the Relief Societies as a means of educating the sisters they, also make us better garet T. acquainted with" one- - another. ..... JLhonght the Roman's Exponent, had been the means of Joiner, much good at home and abroad. Spoke ia reference to the and Books Primary Hymn Tune Book for the children, thought they were Tell adapted for the use of the little folks and would be a great blesiing to them. Meeting until half past 2. Afternoon session: After the the usual exercises of singing and prayer Sister John called adjourned the sisters that wished to speak. Sister 'hnson bore her testimony to the truth of this L. W. Kimball made a few remarks Gospel. in behalf of the young mothers who were at home attending to their families of young children, moved that thev be counted anion? the faithful few, and although she considered it their duty to'attend meetings whenever they she knew there were times when they could, could not possibly leave their little ones; at least such had been her experience. Sister Kimball spoke in praise of the silk handkerchiefs that were. ,., on exhibition; thought ?reat praise was due Sisters Sanders,Smoot and Beebe for their energy and perseverence in the manufacture of the some. Sister S. M. Kimball said, in regard to Sister L. Kimball's remarks, "the mothers are excusable on common occasions, but they should attend their meetings that their minds may expand and enlarge that they may increase in knowledge and may truly become helpmeets, lister Howard said,the Relief Societies are g a vast amount of good, it is the mothers that form the characters of their children, let theni take time to improve their minds, let them read good books, let them read the nfews papers and inform themselves as to how the Lord is Working with the nations in these last days". Let us bring up our young people l) good habits and inculcate- principles of truth and virtue let us teach them to read good books, It says in the Book of Covenants that virtue cleaves to virtue and knowledge to knowledge, let us give them good advise and theiLwe will clear our skirts; let us down "the spirit of infidelity that is growingputanion" our young people. I wish also to a word in favor of plural marriage it issay elevating purifying and ennobling,it rests on the motheri to inculcate itin the hearts of their children let them not forget that it is yet extant and the principle emanated from God. 1 am thankful to God for a practical religion, even in our daily duties we can ask God to give us strength to do everything in a right and proper manner that the Lord may love to dwell in our habitations, teach our children to attend their prayers and to respect us and respect the rights of others. Sister E. B. Wells spoke a short time on various subjects pertaining to our salvation. Of the spirit of infidelity that was gaining ground in the world and the lack of spirituality and faith. Said she had witnessed a great many manifestations of the"power of God in healing the sick. We read that the glory of God is intelligence. I feel that we need more knowledge than we have and should read more continued good books and inform ourselves, giving good instructions, to young mothers in their several duties etc. Sister Booth "from Alpine asked the question, how long should a child stay in the Primary Association? Sister S. M. Kimball replied keep them as long as you can. Sister John made a few remarks saying, for the good instructions that we have received I feel to rejoice, Tarn pleased with our reports. I feel to be one with ray sisters, I know this is the work of God. Bishop Johnson spoke words of encouragement and praise thought we did not lose anything by going to meeting, do not let Satan tempt you to stay away but tell the tempter-t- o get thee behind me Satan. Spoke of the great help the Relief Society of his ward had been to him in caring for the poor, etc. Sister H. A. Beebe spoke in favor of the silk organization, also bore her testimony to the truth and signified her determination to continue faithful, invited all to at-- ; tend silk meeting in the evening and find out what was being done. It was motioned that the Conference be adjourned for three months. Singing, "The Spirit of God." Benediction by Bro. Powell. Mrs. Caroline Daniels, Sec'y. n Hunts vi lle. I do-m- - Huntsville Relief Society is partly composed of Scandinavians, who we must say are hand and heart in building up the kingdom of God. Ready at any call, at any time, ho matter what the work spinning, gleanings raising flax, making carpets, quilts, Ac. We have a also raise our variety of home industries; we own wool, which is converted into stockings with the greatest economy. With the kind help of the brethren we have been able to raise some grain at times, which rehas proved of great benefit in helping to lieve the poor. I think the sisters are as good financiers as the Lord wants when directed m be the proper spirit, for they are ever ready to directed by the priesthood of God. We at have a granary, built by the Society,-whicFins one hundred bushels of present has in its " out. ; wheat, and considerable lent clothed in Our sisters, many of them, are the winter with the work of their own hands, as and they carrv with them as good a spirit of the paltry fashions though they had all are Babflon heaped upon themin fact, wefashoutside troubled but very little with the influences to draw he ions, anu no outside hearts of our children from the Gospel; though are not a little rough at times, their hearts have mixed with traditions which their parents . had to contend with. When they go out, they generally mix with brethren and sisters,' who study to improve the morals of their neighbor's children as their own. How grateful parents should feel to those who study how to improve the future prospects of theorising generation. We have a Young Ladies' AssociatioiHri a healthy condition, with Sister Mary Moselle Halls as President, daughter of our late Relief : Society President, Sister Mary J. Hammond. She is a young lady of great integrity, following in the footsteps of her dear mother's example, who never shrank from any duty, until death relieved her from earthly toil. Her memory will ever live, and also her counsel, in the hearts of many. We are Very thankful to have a Primary Association; we can already Bee the benefit of that spiritual education which all need-t- o make good fathers and mothers. Truly it as the Spirit of God that inspired the Primary . organization. We do not wish to impose upon your time and space, but pray God to bless you, and ail the sisters of the Relief Societies who take any active part in the cause of truth and virtue. Eliza A. Tracy, Pres't. - Emma - Burrows, Sec'y. PRAYER. V. L. M. 1. A. IItH WARD. Dear Sisters: Having been requested td write a short article, I will now try to frame a few remarks upon prayer. I think this is a very important part of our religion, which we should never fail to perform. Wo know by attending to our prayers we are greatly blessed; for by thus doing we not only show to our Him, but Heavenly Father that also our gratitude for His many blessing3, which He so continually showers down upon us. He gives us all that we have, and in Him we move and have ou being. Knowing, then, we-remem- ber j from the Lord all the days of our life, how great should he our thanks, and sincere oar adorations! Morning and night should we bow the knee in humility and reverence to Him that made us. Our Savior has commanded us to watch and think pray, lest we enter into temptation. I Satan is pleased when we forget our prayers, for he knows he is getting an influence, over us, if he can persuade us to shirk that duty; and sometimes he tries to make us believe that wc have not time to perform that sacred duty. If lie succeeds, then we know we are by thus but doing not only disobeying a law of God, and His Holy Spirit, wc are losing a jwrtion of has said if we God us. with He is displeased draw nigh unto Him He will draw nigh unto us. This we cannot do without prayer. James the Apostle tells us that the prayer ol faith shall save the sick; and there are; many instances in the Bible and Book of Mormon , acwhich show us what wonderful deeds were complished through attending to this, holy Bible and Book of Morduty. Not only in the mon are we assured of the power of prayer, we know of the efficacy of faith y but Through faith and and prayer combined. to health, mirades prayer the sick are restored delivered from tfie are performed, and we are dehands of our enemies, who are seeking our struction on every side; and I think if it were not for the prayers that are continually going, not have thus been preup to God, we should "blossom as served, and the desertf would not barren the rose." Utah would have remained to-da- and uncultivated. When the Lord sent Isaiah to. King Uee-kia- h, beto tell him to put his house in order, his face cause he should die, we read he turned 