WOMAN'S 168 OBITUARIES. Died: At St. Johns Jan. 16th, 1881, of pleura pneumonia, Sister Mary Ann Kent in the (gat year of her age. Deceased was born at Grimstead Wiltshire England in the year 1819. She was Latterbaptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Saints in Emigrated to Utah Co. in 1860. Settled in Itoekport, Weber Co. in 1861. She removed to Bear Lake valley in the early settlement of that place,bore all the liardshiifl of frontier life without a murmer. During the last ten years of her life, she has lived at St. Johns near Malad City. At the organization of the Relief Society she was called to preside filling that position until her death, winning the love and confidence of all the members; her life has been filled with deeds of charity and kindness, ever ready to minister to the poor and needy, kind to every one, none knew her but to love and esteem her; death though very sudden was painh as, she passed away h'ke one dropping into a gentle slumber. Her funeral was the large stone ever seen in St. John's there were forty sleighs well filled followed the remains to their last resting place, there to remain untill the resurrection of the just. She leaves a husband two sons and one daughter and a large circle of friends to mourn 18-5- -day her loss. E X P ON EN T. tphfnl eare over their little ones, and strive above all to instil into their tender hearts principles of truth and virtue. Ever praying for the wellfare of Zion. Emma ShAw.fl . write hastily, and my memory, though almost perfect, may err a little as to dates, when it runs back over more than thirty years, and since when I have lived a new life in a' new world; let this be a standing apology when I may mix up things a little! But now I gather up the dropped threads" of this really wonderful recital, of which every word is truth, but the half is not told. I must now introduce Betsy Carter upon the tapb-yowill remember she is the sister of Sarah.' Her mother had given her all the education she could afford and that could be procured at a village school. She was the rustic belle of that village; her complexion was a blending truly of the rose and the lily; her fair forehead and rich, dark hair, with eyes matching made her a subject for a painter's beauty. But her life was to be a prisoner almost in the bedroom of her sister. She had become a beautiful needle-woma- n embroidery, working on work of all description, band nett, fancy ecame her sole occupation, the county ladies finding her full employment; Lady Godolphin being her first patroness and devoted friend. She also became the watchful attendant of hei sister, who, though animation and recognition, had returned, was still, as it were, in a state of and infancy. In her room was her work-tabl- e chair, placed by the window, and there for years might that young fair face be seen, as the indefatigable work woman and the watchful at-tendant ot her sister, who still lay listless and inert, but taking now a little sustenance, as an infant might do, conversing in monosyllables with her mother and sister and her friend, Ltidy G., who was still a constant visftor to the family. This state of things passed on for some years, and there, day by day and year by workyear sat the young and beautiful sister, ing and watching in angel guise in that room, made remarkable by the events that had taken in it. At last it was said that Betsy's Elace was failing, and. well it might, for she had no recreation beyond a short walk rm , ; Feb. 26, 1881. IIEBEK CITY. Minutes of Relief Societies of Wasatch Stake held in the Heber Hall,Feb. 11th 1881. Present on the stand, Pres. E. Brown, Presidents of the several Itelief Societies, and Y. L. M. L A., and Primaries. Meeting called to order by Pres. E Brown. Singing. Prayer by liisuop itasoonu. u Association all eriven in a very pleasing and sat isfactory manner. Sister Brown made some advery encouraging remarks. Conference journed till half past 1, o'clock Afternoon session: Singing "How Firm a Foundation.' prayer by Sister Clufl. Reports not given in the forenoon were brought forward. Some very appropriate remarks were made by the ladies calculated to encourage and inspire the hearts of the sisters to go on in the good work in which we are engaged. Bishop Foreman, Pres. Hatch, Coun. Giles and others of the brethren spoke a short time. Pres. Brown made a few closing remarks engiven. dorsing all the counsel that had been Conference adjourned until May 13th, 1881. Mary Bkonson, Stake Sec'y. Com. Died: in Mauti Feb. 14, of old age, Sister Lucy Atwood. SHe was borne Oct: 18 1796, in the State of New IIampsnire,moved to Connecticut when 18 years of age and married Reuben Atwood. Was the mother of five children, of whom three sons and one daughter are still living.' She first heard the'gospel preached by Elder Phineas Richards and embraced the same in 1840, The year following emigrated to Nauvoo and remained there during the exodus. Her eldest sons were engaged in defending the JUVTI O ttHU UipiJCUiO tT llv IJVlll C j lilt kXl i were at last mercilessly driven across the river Although o nvfir 83 Years of ace o her fnMiltlnft were good and she delighted to tell some of her experience in Mormon ism which was quite interesting. One circumstance I will relate as accurately as I can remember. "Previous to embracing the Gospel her eldest daughter had been very sick and confined to her bed for many mouths, and the doctors had pronounced her case as hopeless when, the Latter-da- y Saints were called upon to administer to her, she immediately arose froin her led and the next daywalked quite a distance to meeting to the astonishment of all who witnessed it. She realized the promise made tojhcr that she should gather with the saints And was buried at Nau 1 TT KfDy voo. Sister Atwood passed away peacefully under the affectionate care of her daughter, Rebecca wife of Pres. J. Wareham, at his residence, and who assisted in soothing her in her last days She was an estimable old lady and her memory will be cherished by all who knew her even down to her great grand children. Deseret News lMcace Cop. M. A. B. S. II. RE POUTS. On Oct. 12 1880, Sister E. R. Snow resigned as President of the 18th Ward Relief Society: owing to the many duties devolving upon her, she felt that she could not attend to this duty also and do justice to it. She therefore nominated Sister Ellen Barton as her successor, who was appointed by unanimous vote of the meeting, and set apart by the g Nov. 4, Bishop of the Ward, at Fast-meetin- 1880. Sister Barton selected for her first Counselor Sister Louisa Home and second Counselor Sister Hannah Wright who were both set apart by the Bishop's Couuselors, March Mary. Schettler, Sec'y. 3,-188- Primary Conference convened at the B. Y. Academy, Provo, March 5, 1881, at 10 A. M., President Zina Y, Williams presiding. Meeting o; ened by singing, "Praise ye the Lord' &e. Prayer by Sister H. A. Beebe. Singing. Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. The Secretary then read the statistical and financial reports of the Associations, showing a thriving condition of each ward, and the rapid advancement made since the receipt of the previous reports. The subject of the coming jubilee being broached by the President, all present expressed their willingness to assist in the exercises, and use every effort to make the affair a success. Hymns were seclected and valuable suggestions offered. It was decided by the Presidents that the Secretary of each ward should copy the names of her Association, together with the time of its organization, and forward them to the Stake Secretary, to be placed in the Jubilee Box. Some acted upon the decision at once. After the outline of a programme had been suggested, brief but explicit remarks were made by the Presidents, all speaking in eulogistic terms of their respective Associations, and each claiming the ascendency in regard to the meritorious con- duct of the children. Their enthusiasm was great, indicating plainly how devotedly they are attached to the little ones placed in their care. After short and appropriate speeches by many of the visitors, Conference adjourned until the Nettie SouTinvoRxn, Sec'y. SARAH CARTER. WHO was in a trance seven years. BY II ANNA TI T. KING. CONCLUDED. Again I find I have anticipated eircum- tsunces, but my time is precious, and I have to a long time she waived off all inquiries as to her health, but at last she had to give up her sedentary employment. Dr. Ficklin ordered her to walk or ride out much in the open air; friends fondly came to the rescue, but the fiat had gone forth that beautiful, devoted, enduring girl was to be transplanted to the Paradise of her Father! Yes, surely her place would be within his presence, if devoted love, enduring privation from all that youth so craves, purity of thought and action, love and obedience to her mother, and a species of worship to her sister, and through all working to sustain herself surely, surely, if we are to be judged by our "works," her place was a bright and glorious one! But I anticipate. She declined gradually; work was laid aside. The sisters, onb on the bed and the other very often on the sofa close by, still associated together in their own peculiar calm and quiet way that it. way, which even on earth had heaven in At last she kept her own room; and indeed she was djing. Sarah had to be apprized of the dire "fact hut how would it affect her? Surely it would at once kill her; so reasoned the poor mother. But at last she told her, in her own way, in words none ever knew, for they were alone when the cruel trutn wasa few her- - How long had she to live? Only hours at most. "Mother, I must see hfer e must meet; how can it be arranged?" wns more fully aroused now than she had ever been before, "It was arranged; the sofa was drawn close to the bed, and the dying girl carried by many gentle hands and laid upon 1; looked tne They at once clasped hands, they . 11th of June, 1881. I'AKADISE. As a Relief Society we are striving to live in accordance with the spirit of the times, and to do our part in the great work that is laid out for the handmaidens of the Most High, the sisters have been busy in making quilts,socks and mitts, for the Temple; as there are but few in our settlement who are not able, to keep themselves; there is no sickness of any moment for which we feel very thankful. Our monthly meetings axe well attended, a good Spirit The sisters give wise and good counselprevails. and encour- - and then, though her window was always open when weather permitted, and the prospect from it was bright and airy; but she had been for years literally a prisoner, and her appearance and that brilliant color indicated delicacy. For PBIMARY CONFERENCE. 1 I 