V- .. - . W 0M A N 'S 164 I Editor. these conditions. ' A woman may have a fine house that is not a home at all, she maybe married and yet not know what a husband is in its truest, highest sense. These words do not always imply love iland happiness, they are sometimes miserable lusive counterfeits, and the world, the great, knowing, intelligent world, fails to detect the in 8alt Lake City, Utah Pablishod Terms: One copy one year, $3. 00; on copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one to time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00, A liberal discount Tegular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womas's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. semi-monthl- y, SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL difference; but the wife carries the consciousness of the deception within," if its impress is not is stamped upon the lineaments of her face. It well if hiding it herself, it does not reveal itself in her children; they are oft times the faithful exponents of domestic infelicity or of marital 1, 1881. ANNUAL CONFERENCE. As the Sixth of April, the day for the holding of our Annual Conference, falls on Wednesday, it has been deemed advisable to commence the Conference meetings on Sunday, April 3d, and they will be continued on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, the last day being reserved for the transaction of the usual Conference business. It is hoped that this arrangement of the meetings will meet the convenience of the Officers and Saints generally, and that there will be a punctual attendance at the times appointed, John Taylor, Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Des. News: HUSBAND, HOME, MOTHERHOOD. . What grand words! What tender thoughts each one of them inspires. They are to true women the most expresive of 8 flection and happiness of any to be found in the English language. Everything which makes life attractive to woman is linked and associated with one, or all of these. The three combined in a true sense lift the soul into an atmosphere of sublimity. The poor cottager is as rich in the possession of these precious blessings as she who treads the halls of a palace. Love, the element which exalts and purines the nature abounds In the associations of each of these conditions. Where true love is there is tenderness, joy, hope and faith in humanity, which ever inspires faith in a Supreme Being and aspirations for a higher life. How abundantly blest is she who clasps closely and sacredly in her heart the realizing sense that she is thus crowned even in her existence here. No wonder she is gentle, pure, constant and true, how could she be otherwise with so much happiness lying all around her. Let such a one continually offer up grateful orisons to heaven for the mercies of which she is the daily recipient One of the poets perhaps Moore, at any rate it was a man , said "When the list to the Gods was presented, etc They slipped in three blessings, wife, children No doubt these comprise the and friends. su.li of man's happiness in" its fullest and most complete sense, but for woman, husband, home and motherhood, are her cherished mine of gold and precious gems. Do women hold their blessings lightly? Many do. They sometimes have all these and yet do not appreciate the fulness of, enjoyment allotted to them; but were they ever deprived of them, how agonizing would be the terrible contrast of circumstances. And yet every woman's nature 1)8 for these hree things, the longings of her .: i black-letter- ed incompatibility. However, it is possible for women to do much to create happiness in the marriage relation and in the home. Certainly, it is necessary that a wise choice should be made at first, and having made it, build a family altar which shall be sacred to love and duty, and suffer no infringement upon its borders, but guard it jealously arid zealously, and invoke the blessing of God upon it always. And when one after another, children cluster around its holy precincts, let them feel the influence which rests upon it and reverence the devotion which makes it powerful for good, and never do aught to mar or detract from its beauty and symmetry. Do you ask of what this altar shall be made? Of the purest thoughts, the truest emotions, and fortified with respect for each other and honor for God. Never give expression to an evil thought which may take form, or it will assuredly leave its impress. A little thing will shatter it so frail and delicate is its nature.,., Watch the little things that may destroy Its beauty; for once it is soiled or defaced' the less will you observe it, and by and by yotr will cease to regard it with the tenderness and adoration once felt for it; and then farewell to happiness, save that which is momentary. The idol is shattered which gave home its prestige; for wanting the altar of love, how poor is all else, though furnished sumptuously. Think of it you whose "strings of pearls" adorn your brows like precious diadems, and never crush one, the least of all, beneath your feet, but connt them o'er and o'er, and touch them ever with a soft caress, and as time goes on, thev will grow more strong, until even storms may beat upon them and they will not be broken. to-da- y, HOME AFFAIRS. Primary Hymn Books and Tune Books by Eliza R. Snow for Sale at this Office. Augusta Joyce Crocheron's Book, "Wild Flowers of Deseret," will not be ready until after Conference. It is fifty years ago tbIay since Sister Amanda Smith was baptized Into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints by Elder Simeon D. in Carter, Amherst, Ohio. Prebt. Wi lfofd Woodruff and Apostles Erastus Snow, Brigham Young, F. M. Lyman . . and John Henry Smith returned on Tuesday evening from the South. Sisters Eliza R.Snow Smith and ZinaD, Young arrived Thursday evening from their Southern trip, and were warmly welcomed by a party of friends at the depot and the Lion House. Sister Rachel R. Grant who started with them came home on Tuesday. It is understood - - "' EXPO N,E N T soul can never bo satisfied without them; she atmay be patient, faithful to that whiqh she the tains, but she will never, can never know with supreme endowment which comes only THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHNELINE B. WEIXS, - '. that several sisters, coming from the country to attend the Woman's Con ference held in this. city, were greatly disap. pointed on account of th& adjournment. Mrs M. I. Home who presides over the Relief Socle-tie- s in this Stake, thinks it wisest and best to hold the Quarterly Conferences the week of the meetings which are held regularly every other Saturday in the 14th Ward As--, sembly Rooms; otherwise there would be meetings three Saturdays in succession. For the benefit of all who may wish to attend the next Quarterly Conference we have published in the report the positive date, to which the meeting is adjourned and which has been carefully calculated and comes, on the meeting day. -- Semi-month- ly The Jubilee Box which has been some time in preparation at the office of Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary .Central Organization of Relief Societies will be sealed up eventually to be deposited permanently in the Historians Office. This idea of Sister Kimball's is a unique one and certainly is strictly original. The box contains photographs, manuscripts, etc., of quite a number of sisters and a few brethren, each one's package directed to the eldest female descendant, the box to be opened the 1st of April, 1930, by Mrs. Kimball's successor in office. A fuller description of the whole, with the dedicatory poem, will be published in April 15. Mrs. Margaret T. Smoot, is also preparing a box in the same way, we understand. That box will contain the name of each officer and member of the Primary Associations in Utah County. They were prepared by Mrs. Zina Y. Williams and Master Sterling Williams. to-4a- y, OBITUARY. , Died in the 15th Ward, Salt Lake City, Feb. 20, 1881, Mrs. Teresa Hastings Judd. Decead (whoS fepra v aamcwHa3...wH but of York,' State Nw Lewis Coun maidss ty, in Turin , when quite young moved to Canada, and in that country passed her early life. In 1830 she was united in murriage to Thomas A. Judd. In 1836 she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Saints, and in 1843 moved Christ of Latter-da- y toNauvoo, the gathering place of the Saints, where she passed through various scenes of privation and trial, but was ever firm and steadfast in her faith. She mourned deeply and sincerely the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith. She came to Salt Lake City in 1849, and has resided here ever since. Sister Judd bad five children, all are now livMaring, two daughters and three sons, Mrs. garet G. Clawson is the eldest, Mrs. Phebe Kimball the other daughter. Two of her sons reside in Grantsville, and one in Bear Lake Valley. She leaves quite a posterity upon earth, five grandchildren and nine children, thirty-eig, ht great-grandchildre- n. Sister Judd, Was in the best sense of the word a woman of God. Her life has been faithfully devoted to the advancement of his kingdom; she never lost an opportunity of removing prejudice irom the minds of strangers, and doing good to her brethren and sisters. Her faith in th and principles she had espoused was unbounded, ner fondest hope and desire wa$ that her children should ever revere, sustain, uphold and advocate "Mormonism." A gentle disposition an3 great faith, combined with an extensive knowledge of the virtue of medicines, eminently qualified her, to fulfil the duties of an attendant an upon the sick, and she thereby accomplished immense amount of good. She was for many bed-years almost day and night occupied by the of side of the sick, or soothing the last moments the dying. She was a member of the Relief Soactive ciety of the 15th Ward, has always been and energetic even zealour' In the per. 