0 M A NTS. E X P 0 NE N T . W STARS AND FLOWERS. - , heavens are studded with gems With glistening gems of beauty rare, celestial light, As If they were eyea-oKindly and tenderly watching there. Some sparkle with brilliance fair and bright, Encircled at times with a halo of light; While others appear to our finite eyes, Of paler hue and inferior size. to-nig- Xhe In the shady lanes of my English home, The honeysuckle's pure and fragrant bloom Peers out from above the topmost bough, Affording pleasure to high and low. Xhe birds and bees sip the nectar rare, "Thy sun has not forever set God has a great design. And will fulfil his purpose yet, Concerning Palestine. The appointed hour will surdy come, . According to his will, Abraham faithful God with For " r "We mounted Saturno's deck to see A grand, magnificent scene The rising sun in its majesty, Diffusing its golden shoen. From out the cells of the climbing plant; Then flutter away thro the scented air, And twitter their joy in a tender chant. Thy gates of richest pearl; And on thy tow'ring; battlemelits Shall sacred banners furl," " ' There was something in Sister Eliza's not apparent to the careless and it was in fulfilment of prophecy. Her tour through the Holy Land was a mission, does and she had the. spirit of it, as one when called to carry out some sublime purpose work. latter-da- y pertaining to the visit-Palesti- The horizon seemed to blaze. er The blazoning over bead, The horizon wrapped in a burning glow, A thrilling enchantment spread." No doubt such a woman a3 Sister Eliza would have many peculiar feelings and thoughts in crossing the Mediterranean, so connected with the life of Jesus and the Apostles. It must have been a great satisfaction to one of her religious nature to visit the Holy Land. In Alexandria she began to feel that every"medley-rthing was foreign, though the perfect and dia r.tnn rpliirinns. costumes, colors lects," with the curious appearance of the cityand its surroundings made it specially mtei- To be continued. CHARITY WOMAN. ELIZA U. BNOW SMITH. 1 In Rome, once the Capital of the world, and still celebrated for its, art galleries and manve five days, travel-inantiquities, Sister Eliza spent prowith a guide who. was a lecturer and beneof was great fessor of Archaeology, which old city evisited, fit to her. In this grand, Vatioiher places of special interesMhe Our young can Palak reidehce' of the Pope, itad interesting may read a true in the of thfsmaificent pal Tourists. Among pondehce of the Palestine she Rome other remarkable places visitedm where mentions the Cemetery of the Cpuchi, assorted and she saw "millions of hurimn bone others " were arranged, some in arches bodies. other formed into niches, where some oi tnese i t a recants. nna fmn : in piacea , a .rrUY, wvprp.l rows oi arches were crowucu chandehers cand akulls Everything, sticks, etc.rwer.pade of bone notedlaces andcu- fully going over the.most rios5t& Jan! 25. where, V dp-CW S li-- ht, E W Tomb of Rachel BethPools of Solonfon, the River, Gilgal, lehem the Dead Sea, Jordan etc. In Jerusalem Sister fi &&Q?Z SisW tftVefj ?to.te ascended eniyiewsof "ambiti6nJwas satisfied with fcjne this natural Vender, at a feer and beggary. styles Napte a city of pomp Fmj; w monument. Is a living "Though 'dead,' it and though vna peerless, archlcss, towerless, Devoid of erery architectural ; ? Dy . EmbdllBhmitjustljdaimstobe m The prince of monuments rz-- a modern author, has been truly said bv Hebraic genius of this was fully aroused themselv, CkubfecU which presented Je lthat memorable ovrer the to opened L - . i to W been inac Seems Sea-a Monument a written "The Dead thus: there. The poem opens in-'S?- 1 Moubt ish laud, tier V f Tnisalem. and fctaSS&J fet pjit. Uon ith the -- n . con- - diking cocpar.to Jher seems Being told in Holy Writ that Faith, Hope and Charitv are the fundamental principles of is the Gospel", and that the greatest of these underto Charity, we find it quite requisite stand its true definition. And especially when we measure ourselves by the pattern our Savior has given to become qualified for the Celestial ' Wo otiimllv snimono Charitv to but consist in giving of our goods to the needy; when we begin to feel that we are mistaken, 1st Cor m we read St. Paul's version as given And 13th chapter and 3d verse. He says: I bestow all my goods tx) feed the poor though , mw Utuv tr Vx burned, ana ana inouguu tx "v "vv me nothing. ,', It it not have Charity, profiteth these I,prA Wa wM of nerforming . seems, mui, iuw the duties without the Gospel, for instance, a law of Moses may be kept with a vengeance; with hatred man may return an injury filled be keepuig and revenge, and at the same time this the law of Moses. But the higher xaw, in this way. law of our Saviorcannot be kept must be To be acceptable to God, our Charity or it is as the given in love and humility, preacher saith, "vanity of vanities. Our Savior looked udod tne Pharisees (who the sounded a trumpet before giving alms) in of because they sought the praLse rTn and were destitute of genuine love for who was made in the image fellow-man- , (if his Maker. are not We teirn from this that our duties unless peracceptable to God, our Father, ot Christ formed in the true spirit of the Gospel Book ot u. the which is love; as we also read 387 verse 41, page Doctrine and CovenanU, also h GalaUans, .n unfeigned; love requires .tie chanter and 7th vere, the Apwtleforbays, whatsoGod U not mocked; not also reap. soweth, that Sha l he ever the flesh shall reap co U For he that soweth tosoweth to the sp rit 0a runtion; but ho that Accordingly, true everlasting." which Jesus had when He the lovo gwe theni, Jith loud- voice, rFat Also oie do. know not x -- -- HOW DEFINED. J The next place or note was v,airu. she saw the Khedi ve and many places of Scrip-tura- l interest. From Cairo they went to Suez, via the Red Sea, then back to Ismalia by rai tnnk steamer for Port ban I. Aus rom thence on board the Vesta of the on trian Lloyd line of steamers, and aucnorea v the coast oi Jatia: At doppa mej wu-traveled tent life, after the Eastern manner and u with pack animals and on me uaes walked some distance keys, etc. Sister Eliza tosee the "house oi one oiwyu, uated by the sea side." Here was inis veuu Latter-da- y Pphet in he woman, wife of the through country of sacred story, wandering trees, treading on groves of lemon and orange trod our "consecrated ground," where once and wher the blessed Savior and his Apostles still. She trav charm of his presence lingers of bharon, and eled over the "beautiful plains the entrance of the va AjelongNext day they rode Uirough on through those the valley, and journeying due time places, they arrived in the Lauren nt Terusaleni, where they visited -- PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS neumindT6mriii:anJd a -- -- hv 1 ne ob-Serv- "The 6parkllng waves of the sea below, April 10, 1331. CONTINUED. to fulfil. HIb covenants "Thy walls 6hall be of precious stones, "A charming precursorfirst appeared, In volumes of golden rays, Increasing their splendor till all aronnd Bat we need the daisy and violt sweet, That nestle down In the grass at our feet, They whisper, in accents soft and mild, Of lore fthd joy to the little child, "Welcome each tiny blade and flower, In shady nook or on sunny brow; Thrice welcome to those who hare uot power To gather them from the "topmost bough." And some there arpsla0the world of thought, Whose light, shines forth like the stars abore; The world Is richer for truths they've taught, The earth more fair for their words of love. And some whose light is of paler hue, , That is 6cen and felt by only a few, Yet is of the same celestial fire, The same sweet spirit, has tuned.thelr lyre. Tis a glorious thing to be great and wise, To labor for all the human race,. To vindicate those the world despise, And bring all nations face to face. The humble and meek need not despair, The field Is large and the vineyard wide; The worker is needed everywhere In the shady lanes and rough wayside. Tee, workers are needed In every home, For such as thei there U always roon To And scatter the seeds of love and truth. If all the stars were brilliant and bright, The flowers climbed to the Ivy's height, And none for the little oncB low and sweet, The picture would be Incomplete. Esther A. Bsvwiov. MM9Dg Jerusalem. After speaking of its departed its glory, its historic name and character, under wealth, its fame and grandeur, the curse which it had rested, etc., etc., she prophecies of its future magnificence, and says: From Naples the party went by rail to Brindisi, from there by steamer to Corfu, an island belonging to Greece. Sister Eliza says the condition of many of the Grecian women living in the country is that of "beasts of burden. From Corfu the party embarked at midnight, Feb. 2, on an Austrian Steamer, Saturno, and reached "Alexandria on the morning of the 6th. She says the voyage was delightful. On board the" Steamer she wrote a poem entitled "Sunrise on the Mediterranean," from which we make an extract: "n Siti S ptenhen -- ston.l "Trd hetad to. this sin to their wu cnar, He knew said thii he Wl .asleep. n That an evil spirit La 1 , r.aged 1 nded their When we ev, rthemindHw ChanT "o ou? F.tW. our Lion to earth with both the tbm an ' ' a-hT- y to becott acquaint :KBIUU. 