s e x PON woman; Jesse had given everything to his partner, who, with a view, perhaps, to future possibilities, had built the house for Mary on his own land. He claimed it as his now, and she had no thought of disputing the claim, although it left her withouta shelter for herself and helpless fam- ily. He was not willing that she should stay there, even for the few short nionthfTlKat would intervene before she could hear from her husband, . A friend offered her the use of a dilapidated house he had moved out of. She accept-e- d it, and by taking a couple ot boarders managed to subsist , through the summer months. But oh, the agony of that long summer Would Jesse come, would he send her means, or what would he tell her to do ? THis business would no doubt prevent his coming, and she might have to wait several years for his return. The months wore away, and no word came. The mails were slow, in those days, and letters were a long time reaching their destination even in iumnier; in. winter: the mountains were impassable. She. had sent a letter by mail, thinking it would reach him before ? Howard did, and take the loving words which she knew he would not carry; for he had left her with a heart full of anger, and no doubt, instead of cooling, it would increase with the distance. The cabin she lived in could hardly be called a shelter, for the loose boards overhead let in the water when it rained, and the walls were in a ruinous condition; she could not live there through the winter. She had no money and no source of income; her provisions were nearly exhausted, and wood scarce and hard to be got. If Jesse failed her, what should she do' Her spirit revolted at the thought of becoming a charge on the .Church. Slowly the summer montlis passed by, and September reminded her that winter was drawing near, when at last a letter reached her from Jesse. Howard had arrived, and putting his own .u'cafe&bstiesv,i.Jtfary's conduct, had inflamed his anger and aroused his jealousy, by telling him it was for some other man that Mary had forsaken him, as he termed it. - He was and poured forth his wrath in no stinted terms. Abusing Brigham Young and the Church, and everybody he thought in any way connected with her detention. He said she should no longer bear his name, nor claim his support. Not a dollar more would he ever send her nor her disobedient children. Minnie was old enough now to choose for herself, and she had chosen to stay with her mother; but Nettie was young yet, and her mind was not influenced by her surroundings, he would take her, let the consequences be what they might. He demanded a divorce, and signed it with his but there has beep a willingness to duty evinced' by nearly all the members, which must eventually result in much Eefom, Going forth in our womanly weakness, good. but in the strength of Almighty God, we are resolved to do our duty, realizing that our Father has commanded us to cast our bread upon. th&. waters, promising that it shall return after manydays. Submitted in all Christian love by K. M. V I have had a pamphlet sent to me entitled ."The Legal Prevention of Jlliteracy' I dare sarit is aj very able pamphlet, Jbut I have not read it; It is not illiteracy I want to prevent, but literacy! I long for some patent method of. convincing every man, woman ami child who is poor, unhappy, or wants pin money, that they. cannot run into literature pell mell, and make money at wilh Above all,-- should like a legal penalty imposed upon every one who sends a "first effort' to me. It is an equal "effort," and by iu means my "first," for mc to read their poetry, and for them to write it. I say; invariably, and I say it again here, that if theu Angel Gabriel, were to write a book, and ask me. for my candid opinion of its merits, I would not give it to him. I am fast becoming a i33nthTope from the amount of trash garnish neither sense, grammar, rhyme nor meteiftliat my fellow creatures perpetrate with a view to fame and fortune. Will anything ever convince this crowd ot imbeciles that to write even j decently demands previous cultivation, information and common sense; or that real genius is like any other diamond, and needs careful cutting and polishing. I suppose . ? or, it Fate? hot-tempere- A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvooy and the early Settlement of Utah. CONTINUED. Howard was very angry. He was not a Mormon,, and believed their doctrine to be a "pack of jaonsensQ," People might believe as they liked, so long as it did not interfere, with him, but he considered that they were now interfering, in n most unwarrantable manner, and he had no sympathy, with their feelings. If Mary would not go she must take the consequences, he would not try to lighten them. So, taking the wagons and stock and all the pro- visions made with, the money sent by his brother, with , everything he could possibly carry away, he left her and returned to California. Howard was some years older than Jesse, and a widower. Feeling; that it was not good for a man tojbe alone, he Jaid. siege to the heart of .a susceptible young widow with four dear little boys. Herself and her father's family were preparing to leave the valleys Thinking, no doubt, it would, prove a blessing in the matter of ways and means, she graciously accepted his proposals, and they were married. ,She dutifully went with her husband," who, before reaching home was so thoroughly disgusted, with her conduct, that t he made provision for her to go with" her father's family to another,' part - of the ; State, whOs he' went on, a, wiser if not a happier man. When he was guie and the excitement was over, Mary had time, for reflection. - She felt that Jesse would, be very angry with her for daring to decide in a matter of so much importance, against his. wishes, but. .she put her trust in God, and prayed Him that her burden than shevwis able to bear. might: n6t blood. e -- t Cult M ( nkn I BOOTS, - Also, full Turin Tf) JS, KU8T- - Pino Slioos, tST Tour Ordtr an Solicited it nil iu intiij iiitw a nrnnr Mktm d i unii, HQS. CALL AND EXAMINE t& Fall attd Winter Goods. TINNER, CAS, WATER & STEAfo FITTER. tWAimnt for KUMSEYS oelGbratfdy r.TPT mi ivtrir PUMPS, Pumps ltepaired on short noUcc. the country promptly resionded to. , Addrtss, David Jama, Box 300, Salt Lake City. - O. J5Z. IU- - X. Htta WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS DRY GOODS, IA NOTIONS, GROCERIES. GLASS & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, d, Etc. ' TEASDEli'S T A. 'SALT LAKE CITY. Special 'Departments for Gent's Clothing and Carpete, Ladies' and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods, ghawb and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware- and Stores. DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. S. TEA8DEL. AnomeXiAHG-3Made CUTLER, Agent for the Constitution ' . - '' ' Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, . STOO JOHN 3 Trunks Of for Sale by PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Bnildlnrs also HOME MADE Brown Yarns, ; Cotton Batting, Wfcite Yams, Colored Yams, linseys, C. Old Wool Batting, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc., Cssslmers, .Tweeds, Etc H. DINWOODEY, WHOLESALE AITS BRAIL DXALZ& IW FURNITURE, attention riven to Obstetrics, Diseases of Children of the THRQAT, HEART atti LUNQS. an&LXseases ROMANIA B. PRATT, .xxci. 223 .. --H- AVE and Surgoon. lxymXioituoL I .. F. AUERBAOH & BRO. OFFICE on Main St, Old Comtitution BuOdtng : X. and desirable lines, beet brands found In the West. B. FERGUSON, o. SL &DC "Vele&ed stock of SHOES! & SLIPPERS, O Jb.il cfcaroax'ei cbo . . ELLEN north of Offloe, , betetrka and Diseases of Women and Children as specfeV . SPB1KB Surgoon. BEOS. WISE IUTTIESSE5 FEATBEHS HU FlfEE BABY C.Uiai.C3-!S- , 79, First South Street, OFFICE Up Stair inOU Comtitution BuOdUto. of Poet Ollfte, South side tWSpo&H study has been irtven to Obstetrics. ntwoM at Women, and DISEASES of tto EYEcEA tL otRS!&mCrBiX 75, 77, & SALT LAKE CITY. HAVE tOU SEEN THE : be-mor- Omen and RESiDDrca over Contributor Z. C M. I. To be continued. iAy-siolao- E SHIPP. PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. - , Velvet Jfi-I1be!' Velvet and FUbbous DR. ELLIS ; JESSE BURNS, JSHSta taltetateS StraFeltanri TiSffiVfc k . : nets, in . - . i ! -- Was Deaires the Ladies of Salt Lake and thorn vtaitin to call at her siiow Rooms 'mt rV ??' NER Y. Tnftlatwt and most JSftd?" iStX styShlnof ; A DISTRESSED WRITER. - PALACE OF FASHION, No. V EAST TEMPLE ST . F. Johnson, Pres't, J. Anderson, Sec' - en t . HEW VICTOR 'SEWING MACHINE ? Tf not rmi ittnuu Trt"T: , a. . uShZlT118 ' instruction. In oratlon, runs and confusion, although -- ' C0;' CHICAGO, ILL YOVSU BROS. Aomt, Salt lAk$ Cdji 3XT T XS T. QPECIAL ATTENTION PAID O tolllUnirand rreaeTTlni tb The New Machine tteJTZlpobo ffffi S3i IfSiSa ft th JD 33 5r ut onoe' and examine the New , JTlJtt, W &k Kausjc Twm Inserted ptracted. "'STWSf?S c,z i rum one lootfi to a m twr, in in ..y Most Armrored Maotier. PRICES t Suit Ttrna J0 ' F,r4 tfirrSf ; . - -- Hv OFFICE: tM CUmm 