JO 35 . 1 PEN SKETCH OF,., AN ILLUSTRIOUS 'ir.U'-.- CONTINUED. ; ; all wKbiled io see of td purchase - TOring rthat 'Vear Sis'ter EUza oonVersel with tnousaridsf6F casual callersainohg whom were people of celebrity from different .parts of the world, and in this way she did good mis-sionary work,' and has no doubt scattered the seeds of truth in the hearts of tnanyi i Oh the 24th, of the same month,-- Pioneer, Day, the citizens of Salt Lake joined Athose,Jnj,l9gclctt and that vicinity in ccelebratingthe,-.adyen:pf the pioneers of L47i and Swte.vElizwa-jUeupon to.write. tha address, foi. thaUcKxasioh,-i.hic- h wa read Jbya David McnweVanji was . febibtVRUTiL anf of tb e ii'l selected. 7Xherejiare W a grSf f many ,the new - Although the life of the lady who" is the subject of this sketch had always been full .of labor and gopd works, public and .private, yet after entering, l uponV the A Seventies i at a time when most people tthink they must- - retire , : inpcipber' ,1875. when prepare tions were beirigmaa'e fbrthe great Centennial Philadelphia theiEiecutive DeExposition-apartment engaged in that work wrote to Miss before.1 Ottepf said.hayvUi ever triotl waa r: . a t Elixa R. Snow under fate of Oct: 29,; 1875, an official letter authorizing her to acf as President of the, "Wopaptennial lxeutiye Committee" for Utah, ancl, sent such papers and documents as would aift her, in the responsible undertaking: To effect the object of .preparing for suitable representation; at the exhibition, required a great deal of management r and accordingly Sister Eliza issued a circular to the Relief Societies, --Young Ladies Associations and the AYbmeu of. Utah generally; soliciting them to prepare "specimens of all useful and ornamental fame industries of woman's work, also all natural curiosities, of their own collecting etc, etc. These were all to be forwarded by the first of March to Mrs. E. T. Gillespie Pres. Woman V Centennial Executive Committee at Philadelphia, :Erom that time she spared no pains to bring about the; desired ar- rangements. It required more labor, and calculation than: one .might think perhaps, for there were meetings to be held, letters to be written to all parts, answers to be made to in- ' numerable questions, verbal and by mail, and many little items to be attended Jo, and the great burden of the responsibility and labor devolving upon her. . I have often thought it wonderful in looking back,how she accomplished 60 much in that, short time. .. .It proves how suc- cessful were her methods of reaching the c' JnvjJf.F PRAISE-- COMPOSBIJ On.thisUlustr'ousday... itfdream."'1 Heart UiAU VHVA few of her ' JJ and lifted ober ditches, Mvmm V be helped into jahriges and to hab de best place eberjrwhar. --Nobody eber helps me into cahriges, or, ober mud gibs me ahjrJbest place."- -, :And raising herself to her full hight and her voice to a pitch like rolling thunder, she asked, "And ant I a woman Look at me. Iiook atmyarm," (and her. right arm to the. shoulder, show- ing her tremendous muscular, power.) "I have r' she-bare- . and no mau could head me Ad an't I a woman V 1 could, yojtffg much ahc( eat as bear much as a manwhen I coulcl g?t dejash asweli. And an'Iaomah ? I have borne 13, children skd seen 'cni mosr all sold off Ixtio slavery, An3:wKen I prietfout with my moth-- . J J And ant iery$ "grief, none but Jesus heard me. I a woman,? . ' "Den dey talks about dis ting in the head . . it-ra- The Fair opened by. the ladies iu Salt Lake City lasted until the 2d. of September when Sister Eliza expressed, Valedicry: the - result Qf the efforts; and appreciation,, ,7 .. The .following paragraph quoted here will -- in; give the jreer some iaea of to labor,', iAV oh pud-dles,o- To Thee, the highest notes we'll raise " The noblest tribute pay sweetest To Thee derote the , lays, . hd "The: interest, manifested, by those who have . whatdia "cfey 'call it ?M f'Tntellect" whispered visited tWFair.iiasfe Jand Dat s it; hhey.9r; What's some !bhe "near?) constitutes th? most desirable pre'cn( success. ! " that got to do 'with' wimitfs rights or niggers .exKbitin from day W,e havetta)fpri4e-frirights? ,n Jf my(Jcupvwon't hold but a pint and to day;lhe beautiful, &rtic$hf ifafo and' utility yourn holds aquartr ddntjqij he mean not (many of them produced entirely ffdmfthe full ? . to let me have myiittli of Utah,) mkiiufactured bV the skill and i .;."Den, dat little, r man in ,fblack dar, he say industry' of thep ' people of our Territory,! and women cai't have as much rights as men cause humbly trust that our united -- efforts ; in ourf, , Christ wasn't wOnvin'fWhar did your Christ Centennial Exhibition wilL proyo.instrnnental arms and eyes nIce'Trom!',",With:tetrehe3 in stimulating fax greater energies and.be pro-- , " l she of fire, raising horv vbice louder; rrepeated. ductive of much -- good dn , encouraging home-T " God From come from Christ did Whar your -r n industries", do with to nothin1 womanT mauhadand a Topromote .the growth and establishment of f9 him !" among the people, , President' ' ' Younjr called a meeting ;of the Sifters to be ' The1 condition of 'the 'Czar is occasioning held Oct. 4th, in the Council House tQ make theEng-I'dishRoya- b of the members, great anxiety 'among family plainly stated his, Majesty, vloprmvtingthesosale of homeit maiiufactures; t it is. feared, ia mentally deranged. He suffers Ihe.meeting, was large' that was adjourned to tne Old insomnia, with all the attendant con-aj- 4 t , from sequences of tbatdisease 3w iacels describe4 ing able to attend fie addressed to 'the sisters!! ' r .as "wan,- andfthV whilom burjy,; and, muscular a letter which Was read and commented upon jfirame as sirunHeh.'.e cannot eatjand sternly by his private secretary,Elder George Kynolds. T; l t At that meeting an organization was formed bj: '.. declines to takeexe'rHe or recreation of anyL : is Irin'prerHD tob?cun'yt;liii roona,'hich electing Eliiar R; Snow, President, also, a Vice. ' Treasurer and four direo- - ,, its morbid ahdshrivel-:aled- ; "'PresideutlBecretary,-' tors active 'occupant 'SWreyfto' constituting, t & complete- board of; officers and f4he organlratba wa5;ica)ledir"The Relief , , .rT jears . r. , T , - s; , ; e " ,. -u-- pie lltid&dfartM for few days it was crowded at i 'tncttHe'jKtteittios of strtmger&',ian(Ltourists, Bigger riravprjesiflgig there as she .did with the gtacerani dignity t of x3ueeiv?and yet with the simplicity of inanner that bespeaks at nce rare nobility,, made it very interesting for :7t ! Thy blessing crown'd our earnest toll, And made the desert bloom; And drew the products from the soli, ' In this, our mountain home. 1 lcontaiittlyMiTheiP' Wlike i ; wisdom, man's unerring guide, Thy ' His bark' of life to steer Thy people's trust, whate'er betide Thy wisdom led us here. T"'9' Centennial' Exhibition; and' open a Fair here 'at home. As there were many passing to and 'i fromr California and other parts visiting the r Centennial it would be an attraction for such visitors as i well as a. benefit to ourown com- m unity. Accorjdingly, the Constitution fitted; up to, efoplay tho articles pn ex the affair : hioit9ti;.i9)EUta.had cfeargo with some4 other Jadiesr as. assjstanta0 wio were ; valuable, aids,,,, The Fair opened foailja fourth of July 187o the same as the Centennial Fair. ' Presidfent' atf appropriate " and Xb a' large opening address appreciative V :' audience;"1 yn" ? yj ThS Fair having been formally opened pec-Bnghm'-Youninad- M . In persecution's hour. -- ' . We know Thy voice we own Thy hand, We recognize Thy power Thy linger pointed to this land, - . .. te , .. . Build-ingttt'a- R. SNOW. Who 'ipread creation's form abroad-- All J , praise is dhe to Thee. r , . j This day in yast assembly met, All hearts, as one, should raise In grateful strains, to celebrate Thy lore, and sing Thy praise. p r.v BT MISS ; . God qf Eternity, jj-j- ; OB TH dcCXBIO -" " ,t" ":7 In,k Great Source, of Goodour Father God ". be properly represented as we had desired, on account of the Gentleman's Executive Committee for Utah postponing their'arrngements ', for securing' space7 until so late, and therefore " Sister Eliza and the Committee associated with : deemed it the better plan to send only a few 6f4he best fabrics and 'materials to the 1 worlcanas ll , ' . : phe e',best.hQgs . -- ' ' she wpte, was acrfttrueseq:ntb yriitfi, a song "for the Ogden choirto open the ceremonies Vith which we publish ..injfull.i.''v, ;t J . . usedrto dbatingrralliexii-ir 1'the fairi sex..'li The abolished tlife'courtesyr.tcr ministerswere the worst' of the ; lot, the most dictatorial' and 'insulting; one claimed that dfnan superior intellect entitled him. to superior and --privileges; one thatEvbroughUsin, tberefore the 7death ,intotbe man-hoo- d servant of man forever another that of ChrUrwas SLTslga of the feleadership of newto, the bisness joan, etc. ;? -- Xhe .wonieri were and quite unequal to the fight; they were in fact ready, to .breakdown, geti jnto arpassion u and.cryr ,(XTheh; 'gaj? fHrs.QPrces;Pvage, slowJy'fromVbereai in the corner tos Soj-- 5 ,Qurner,;whb till.' now'had scarcely; Med her ' half a speak !' 'gasr :v Bead. f. 'Don't let: ;. Uo'sen , m"mj ;:earl She. itibvecP slowly and solemnly to'thentJald'nerWone'rat my feet, ana turnea ner great speaxing eyes w me. She spoke yith: those eyes piercingT the' upper 1 d from active .duty her lifer seenis tohave been more continuously occupied with arduous labors people' During all that year, there seemed to be an accumulation of labor pressing upon the L. T. 5.; women of Utah, and all looking to Sister Eliza as the head and front of the wrk, which ' caused her to be more Bought after and kept her r employed heart and : hands, ancj required her n mind to be drawn oat in giving eounsel toothers. It was impossible to procure space for Utah to 8a" iwJS16 ptfconV;entv?n ffpm wreck, cdt was a meeting,opene4 tobandthe men force and j?quite n Sojourner fTruthtbe ved a W woman Suffrage t i than most spienaia tinaiviauai iriuuipu . n ? - ele-men- ts half-meash- re 1 ' " ; ; , . n:---- - .. home-industri- . es : : -- , : fajac ; - : I : . itron.iarderbiife tfie'-mos- - . . :tM , l , store iny 'irediWmSflnsecond r' for7you?t, wilFnoT w'the'at the'fi fstnsr You cannot sin without sacrifice. Buxton. call. Emerson. 