182 done this, prayed again to the Lord to be instructed further: and was answered as distinctly as though a physician had been standing by elm tre was near speaking to me. A slippery a to told make was poultice of the roots by, and I fill and the wound with it. of the slippery elm My boy Wlllard procured the slippery elm from the roots of the tree; I made the poultice and applied it. The wound was so large it took a After I quarter of a yard of linen to cover it. vent to had properly dressed the wound, I found remy feelings in tears for the first time, and All signed myself to the anguish of the hour. sufof the the heard I the groans night through ferers, and once in the dark we groped our way over the heap of dead in the blacksmith shop, to had been try and soothe the wants of those who so who and layhelpless mortally wounded, among the slain. "Next morning Brother Joseph Young, who is still living to testify to this terrible occurrence, came to the scene of bloodshed and massacre. 'What shall be done with the dead?' he asked. There was not time to bury them, the mob was the coming on us; there were no men left to dig 1 Do Brother said, Joseph graves anything, 'except to leave their bodies to the fiends who have killed them.' Close by was a deep, dry well. Into this the bodies were hurried, eighteen or nineteen in number. No burial service, no customary rites could be performed, the mob were lying in ambush ready waiting the first opportunity to diapatch the remaining few. All were thrown into the well except my murdered boy, Bardlus. When Brother Young was assisting to carry him on a board to the well, he laid down the corpse and declared he could not throw that boy into the horrible grave. It was indeed too much for one whose nature was so tender and whose sympathies were ever strong in the hour of sorrow. He could not perform the last office for one so young and interesting, who had been so foully murdered- and so my martyred son was left unburied. 'Oh, they have left my Baruius unburied in the sun,' I cried, and ran and covered his body.with a sheet. He lay there until the next day, and then I. his own mother, horrible" to relate, assisted by his elder brother, rude vault with the others, and covered them as weff as we could with straw and earth." - ilbtrdmtbf, To be continued. JOURNEY TO TIBERIAS. Tuesday, Nov. 9. Left the Orphanage before Mrs. Gilbert and our teacher, with a Nasra, trusty nan riding a mule. At first it was very cold, but as the sun rose it and was at laS't so hot that we frew warmer, to talk of the 9th of Nov. at home, and wonder what people would think of it if they could be suddenly transported into oiirplaces. We passed Kep Henna, the supposed Cana of Galilee, and went tramping on and on, having settled down in an order that was regulated not by our own wishes so much as by the or predilections of our animals. The man leading the way, except when his mule, which was young and untrained, backed into us, threatening to upset us all, and only resuming his place after an obstinate struggle; then Mrs. Gilbert, because her mare would not keep up unless some one was behind to whip it; then I, because my whip was long enough to reach Mrs. Gilbert's mare, and then Nasra, because her horse, being ambitious and always seeking to lead the procession, did not require any whipping up. At 10.30 we alighted at Lubeya, under the shade of some olive trees, and explored the lunch basket in the silent endurance of the heat, dust and flies, the only variety being that every few minutes one of the horsea would stand stock ptill to aim a deliberate kick at pome one particular fly, that was moro trying to its patience than the reM. It is a weary road along through the country, all around as arid and desolate as it is possible to conceive,: but it is as certain as anything can be in thit land, that this very road was trodden by the feet of the Blessed One whenever he would gq from.. Nazareth tx th$ Se of GaUlte. It wa$ day-brea- k, pe-culiant- ies no use trvins to fancy the surroundings of that time, they were certain to be very different from the present. Every now and then we met a lonely traveler, that reminded me of Jacob: "With, my staff I passed over this Jordan;" or a family group that would have recalled the flight into Egypt, only that the wife was never riding, but mostly carrying a burden almost as heavy as that of the donkey. After six hours riding we saw the "glint of water at the foot of the hills we had been earnestly watching; a few paces more, and the whole lake lay before us. We could call up before our mind's eye a few of the wondrous scenes it had witnessed, and I was lost for a while in the past, till the difficulties of the road recalled me to the present. We had a descent of 1,000 feet to make, among the black, volcanic rocks of this region that are such a contrast to the glaring white limestone of Nazareth. We saw a shepherd going before his flock of sheep, a sufficiently rare sight for us to notice it we We see hardly anything but goats generally. passed what they called the Mount of Beatitudes, and glanced from it to Safed, the city set on a hill, which had been in view a great part of the way. Arrived at Tiberias, we sought the hoapitality of the monks of the convent, and were glad of an hour's rest before the meal which they set about preparing for us. An hour before sunset we went out to get a sketch of the town. We have learned that the first desideratum for this work is a quiet spot, where children and beggars won't find us, and this time we managed to get into such a retired corner that we only had the company of one woman. She had many questions to ask Nasra about us, and when she had finished, Nasra took her turn, found out that she was a Moslem, and then tried to tell her what had happened here to make this lake so interesting to ttsf. She theyallt49? aay'myingv 'God has given us one religion, and you another; ours is good for us, yours for you." We were glad to go to bed as soon as we had made an agreement with the master of a boat for an excursion the next morning to the rival Capernaum and Bethsaida. The mixture of languages everywhere is sometimes amusing, sometimes anything but that. Here the monks talk German and Italian I can deal with them, but when the Arabs come in and complicate matters; Nasra has to come to the rescue. W ednesday, Nov. 10. Boat ordered at day break, but we could not get our breakfast to start before seven. The boat was the roughest, most ramshackle old thing ever seen afloat; there was no place to sit comfortably, and we were perched up at the end with no rest for our backs, and our feet dangling. The prospect of this for six hours was not cheering, and when somewhat later Mrs. Gilbert had an attack of sea sickness, she asked me whether I meant to give in this description, which I was writing at the time, the sentimental or realistic view of things; and certainly there are two views of journeys in this country, very different from one another. The present view is mostly of intense discomfort, of the necessity of bracing oneself up to endurance ad. lib.; and of a certainty that you would never, under any circumstances, do the same journey over twice if you could help it. But this view fades with time, and the memory only retains the sentiments, which at that time were overpowered by the physical experiencesj such has been the' case I am finishing now at the convent, and feel much more capable of taking the aesthetic- view than I dH when I wrote the first sheet in the boat After three hours of such rowing as would send an English oarsman into fits, which with the help of a sail brought us to Sell-Hua distance of perhaps four miles, we most gladly went ashore; anything was good for a change, though we ojUy found heap upon heaps of to-da- y. - m, ruins splendid columns, capital bases, which on chipping we found to be of exquisitely veined marble, interspersed among blocks of the dark, volcanic rocks of the region. We only stayed ten minutes, as the boatmen were in a hurry for the first time since we started, so we make a dash to get a bunch of oleanders -- and anoluer plant, the only green things about the place, and commence the return via Bethsaida. Here there is a little life, for there is a watermill turned by a stream from the interior, and about it a few donkeys and men are standing; but beyond this there is nothing but ruins. It is near noon, and still very hot, and poor Nasra has had herturn at sea sickness, but I am hoping that we shall get home before it comes to my turn, although I have a headache from yesterday's fatigue. At Khan Unizele we saw the most picturesque piece of rock of any we have passed. I remarked that it was steep enough for the scene of the destruction of the swine, and the boatman answered it was called "the rock of the swine;" and this is confirmed by an Italian guide book. But I am inclined to think that it was on the other side of the lake. We do not land at Khan Unizele, but what we can see of it decides the question in our own minds that it is not Capernaum. Next we pass Magdala, and then we come to Tiberias again, and land at 2.30, after having been 7i hours on the lake, and never wishing to be on it again. Dinner had been ordered at one, and had been waiting since that time; we were almost past doing justice to it, but a cup of tea, manufactured with the help of an Etna, sets us up, so that we order our horses round and start again at four to the south end of the lake. We don't get as far as we wish, as our man says the places are dangerous after dark. As we hesitate he says somebody was killed here a little while ago. This decides the question; so as we have no tention of rnhning iML Stwmbarg9 two little pencil sketches as we sit on our the convent just at sunset. horses, and After supper I write up the journal, Mrs. Gilbert does some of the sketches, and Nasra puts the flowers in the paper to dry. Horses ordered for seven Nov. 11. We left Tiberias before seven; stopped a little way above the town to get one more sketch and commenced a long, weary climb to gain the level, a long tramp, then another climb to the top of Tabor. Extensive building going on at the Latin convent here; fine mosaic pavement of old cathedral lately discovered. To bed early, but could not sleep, owing to barking of dogs and a stampede among the animals fastened just outside the door. Horses ordered for . re-ent- er w. seven. Started before seven, walked first Nov. 12. part of the way, too steep to ride; found some cyclamen already sprung up since rain. At length, after a long tramp, we reach Nazareth. Clara J. Brooke. HAPPINESS. Of all truly expressive words, the most sought after, the most talked about, the least understood, is happiness. Many and varied are the opinions as to what happiness consists in, and as many and varied are the roads chosen in the pursuit of it As gold, or wealth, is thought by the majority of the people to be the most powerful ingredient in the sweet compound oi happiness, I will invite my readers to lay aside all thought of worldly associations, by which we may be biased in our judgment, and take observations. By the way, I observation a true method for learning, and one within the reach of all. Well, let the long line of money lovers pass in array before us; there are two classes of them those who hoard up money, and thin 