WOMAN'S EXPONENT. be e?pecially endowed with the Spirit of God, to give instruction and connsel to the people. The County Central Committee met pursuant to call in the Council House, Saturday, July 9, at 12 M. Hon. John Sharp, Chairman. A majority being present, it was decided that Primary meetings be held in the several county precincts on Monday evening, the 18th Inst., at 8 P. M., for the purpose of electing delegates to the County Convention, which will be held in the County Court House on Saturday, July 28, 1881, at 11 A. ML Wednesday July 13, 1881. Dear Sister Wells: Lest it should not be understood will you please say through the Exponent that the 240 pages in type which is two sizes smaller than the small pica which I had Intended to use contains more lines of reading matter than the 275 pages of small pica would have done. The books in leather binding will be $1.50 each, in cloth $1.25 each. Those who have advanced $.175 will have the 25cta remitted to them, and those who have remitted 1.00 can forward the remainder when their books will be promptly sent post paid. . The books can be obtained at the Exponent Office. Augusta Joyce Crooheron. "Wild Flowers of Deseret," just issued from the Juvenile Instructor Office, is meeting in Plain City, returned to Ogden, (after administering to some sick) and in the evening went to Brigham City. On Mon. the 11th, in company of Sister H. A Snow, Stake Pres. of the Relief Society of Box-EldCo., went to Harperville, met with the Relief Society at 11 A. M., and in the afternoon organized Primary Associations one m the East and one in the West Districts. On the 14th attended Box Elder Conference with the Relief Society, and on the 15th with the Y. L. M. I. A., and the P. A. All well attended. 16th met with Relief Society at 10 A. M., and at 2 P. M. organized a P. A. in Honey -ville. 17th Went from Brigham City to West Portage and on the 18th to Malad City. 19th met with the Sunday School at 10 A. M., and with the Relief Society at 2 o'clock P. M. At half past 7 met with the officers of the three organizations R. S., Y. L. M. I. A., and P. A. had a very interesting time. On the 20th went to Samaria met with the F A. at 9 A. M., and the Relief Sociaty at 10 dined and went to Wast Portage, met with the P. A. at 4 and the Relief Society at 5. 21st called at Br. Zundell's on the"Indian Farm" from there to Br. Standing's met with the R.S. full meeting, and returned to Brigham City. E. R. S. S. er -- a collection of Poems, from the pen of the gifted lady, Mrs. Augusta Joyce Crocheron, of this city. We commend this beautiful little book to the public. The pieces contained in this volume were many of them written when the author was very young. She has one of those exquisitely sensitive natures which need encouragement. The poems are upon a variety of subjects,sentimental, pathetic, moral, religious &c, with only a few personals. They are rich in pathos and full of sweet melody. The lady hesitated greatly in d presenting her work feeling herself only a plant, secluded from the great busy world, but ber numerous friends were anxious her poetical efforts should be known and appreciated. One of the best of her' longer poems is "The Coming of the King,": a very pathetic piece. Parintha's Ride and a true story, the facts being known to the author. The poems are all strictly in keeping with true religion. Mrs. C. though modest even to diffidence is a woman of cultured thought and talent which has given expression to ideas, opinions, sentiments and facts, and clothed them so beautifully thjat they cannot fail to please, to ejiify and to elevaxe the reader. We heartily recommend the book to old and young, and feel positive it will be a desirable acquisition to the libraries of the people. One of the quaintest pieces we ever read is "The Lost Thought" on p age 223. In perusing this precious little-- book we find it difficult to select the .best and speak of them. Wild flowers were always sweet to us and as the book, has been dedicated to the writer, perhaps we may be excused from saying more than (expressing our heartfelt gratitude for the honor conferred, of which we feel most unworthy. Accompanying the Book which was the first intimation of the facts was a most exquisite bouquet of real flowers arranged artistically by the same hands, : which have written the many pretty and ,tender lines the book contains. The presentation was made by a third party, a lady exceptionally gifted in language. Such manifestations of frendship and sisterly love, call forth from the heart emotions that no words can "truthfully ex press. wild-woo- TO THE LADIES. The ladies of this Territory who are native-bor- n or naturalized citizens, and who wish to exercise the privilege of the ballot, should attend the meetings of tfceir respective Primaries and get a correct understanding of the matter in question, viz., the nomination of officers to be voted for at the August election. Every woman who values liberty should be punctual at the polls, and cast her vote intelligently for the candidate of her choice. OBITUARY. Died: at Mt. Pleasant aged .22, June 20th 1881, Annetie Amelia Halsett, after a lingering illness of 3 months; she was a patient sufferer, and a faithful Saint, and died in full hope oT a glorious resurrection. She was a native of Norway and emigrated to Utah with her family. She came among us a stranger, but we can say of her that ghe endeared herself to all who became acquainted with her. May she rest in peace. APPRECIATION. ; - Salt Lake City, May 20, 1881. Mrs. Hannah Cornaby, Dear Sister I have been reading your little book, and knowing that appreciation is acceptable to an Author, I tender you my sincere admiration of your life, writings, and spirit as a Christian lady, Latter-da- y Saint, and mother. I book offered to the pubwas am truly glad your lic, and it seems to me that if generous persons would distribute some of these among those not of our faith, they would do a missionary work, in showing by your "life," that the women of Zion are pure in heart and steadfast in purpose. Hoping that this may be received in the spirit in which it Is written, and that I may some day have the pleasure to meet you. ..Wishing you further health and happiness. I remain, Your Bister In the Gospel, Augusta Joyce Crocjieron. BIRTHDAY PARTY. VISIT TO BOX ELDER AD MALAD. . f "... I .rt . the-isfeter- s The Ladles Conference in Ogden City closed on the evening of the lUb,oYJune. On the 12th, la company "of Sister.JaijeB. Richards,' attended i.'i 1 Sister Mary A: Frantzen, Pres.' of the R. S. of of Spring City with a number of the Society, met at tbo rcsidcncc of. Mrs. M. A. Hyde : July 1, ;afe ViJock PM. and gave her a surprise party, many expressed their,, thankful 29 ness and appreciations of her most beneficial ' counsel. THhrm Frf?pHp 01sn was rresent and blessed and encouraged the sisters with all the energy of his soul. Prea Hyde was too overcome by her feelings to say much, but made a few grate- ful remarks iu love aud appreciation of the confidence which the sisters snowea ror ner, juusi, oarnoatk' wisliPil mfrht nfOVfl lienelf WOrthV of the implicit confidence with which they con fide m her. A number of nice presents were made her as ftlfift . hftv been Sister Sarah M. Kim ball, aud S. M. Hey wood, who met w"& our Primaries in conference. Their report shewed that under the management of their Pres. their Society is in a flourishing condition and is doing a good'work among tbem. They addressed the children giving them much instruction which will be like bread cast upon the waters. They afterward met with the R. 8. and addressed a crowded audieuce of both sexes. Much good advice was given which if put in practice will prove a lasting benefit to all those who were present' Bishop Olsen heartily endorsed all that had had been said, and asked God to bless and favored with a visit Yrom strengthen them. Success to the Exponent it is ever a welcome vintor, and to all who a':e working for the establishment of truth is the wish of your eistf f fn the covenant. Fanny Kofford. A meeting was called on the afternoon of the 5th of June 1SS1 by Bishop W. 8. Seely, at the instination of the bisters connected with the Relief Society of Mt Pleasant, Sanpete Co., for the purpose of giving a surprise to our esteemed President, Mrs. M. F. C. Morrson it being her 58th birthday. Sister Morrison has labored untiringly in fulfilling every duty that devolved upon her as President of our Society for the last twelve'years, and it can truly be said of her, she has been a a such we can fully appreciMothr mdet-d,am-l ate the gooij she has done in our midst; and pray our Father in heaven that he may live long and enjoy many returns of her natal day. d with a handsome black silk She wa and dress pattern trimmings also a lady's valise. made the And what gift appreciated by her was sinter in Mt Pleasant contrithat almost every towards the presents, thereby buted so much showing their respect and esteem for one they so dearly loved. An address in behalf of the sifters was read by Sister Hasler. Sister Morrison replied in a very affecting manner, yot fully appreciating the spirit in which it was given; (for surely it was a by surprise.) Appropriate remarks were made Morri-soalso Brother and Madsen, Seely Bishops (who wa sent for by the sisters, without the knowledge of Sister Morrison) and made one of the party. Our young ladies sung some beautiful songs suitable for the occasion and meeting closed 'with prayer, all feeling well and much gratified with their afternoon' entertainment. A. Louise Hasler, Seey. : 1 pre.-ente- n, The family and friends of Sister Jane Baily, President of the Relief Society Moroni, gave her a surprise party on her 71st birthdayJuly4,1881, the tables were loaded with the bounties our heavenly Father bestows upon his children. Songs,sper ches and some very good instructions, and many presents were given her as tokens of respect for her faithful labors. One beautiful chromo with the following inscription "There Is no place like home." Sister Bally thanked all very kindly who had aided in making her 71st birthday &o pleasant and hoped that the Lord would bless tetn. All enjoyed themselves throughout the evenng. Some - verses wer written for the occasion by,Sister A. M. Nielson. R. S., Y. . UAs AND PRIMARY M, REEQRTS. .1 HoxeVvrLLE. - V- Report of the organization of our Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association which was organized by Sister 'Minnie J. Snow the 20th of last Marc-bwith, officers as follows: Hunsaker; Counselors, President, Sarah-X- . Lucina Jensen, and "Belle Toiman;'; Secretary Maria Huosaker; Assistant . Sec'y JUimiie , -- 