iLJ II . 1 U..JL- - U 1 t II VI W JUT Jl I I -- II Jl 0 The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Sights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. Come forth to bless, and comfort, and sustain Those loft, on earth, oft dreaming on tho past; Waiting reunion In the heaven above, With all those lost on earth and gone before ! REMINISCENCES. BY HANNAH T. KING. June 1, 1831. I CLOSING PARAGRAPH OF LIFE Silenco oft is eloquence ! and while the Lip moves not, the heart and soul are bowed In worship at a consecrated shrine, Composed of admiration and respect. Memory holding still her mystic reign, And gathering the Past into her 6toro; Till, culminating at a point, the door Of language is unsealed, and tries to tell The garnered thoughts, long there as relics lain; Its rosary too Is sacred held, on which BY HELEN MAR WniTXEY. Every promise made to myfather well-remember- . Father. But my journey" was not yet ended; for soon after my arrival in Kirtland, I commenced Juue, the glorious, regal month, When earth was strewn with flowers, and the sun Shone forth in full effulgence, bright and wurm, And Spring put on her crown and courtly robe A robe in all the varied colors gay; With wreaths of beauteous flowers on her head, And gems of morning dew studding each one; In all the rich profusion Jane displays! And In her grand and queenly step went forth, And stretching out ber beauteous anhs received y-Within their circling fold a baby boy ! Just struggling into life ! She canght him up, And printed on his cheek zephyr kiss; And said her presence never should depart From out the atmosphere surrounding him ! Even that the June should be infused Withih his infant soul ih coming life! Shed throw her genial influence around His earthly path, and smile on him for ayo ! His namo should indicate immortal youth. And tho on earth his years should many be, lie still, through all, should be forever YOUNG ! That a ge should beautify, and not destroy, That Time should have the power to renovate, His cyo should not be dim, nor hair turn grey, His mind illunTd and clear should ever be; That wives', and children should frem him receive The patent brand that made them ever You no ! And that his name should far and wide bo great, Around the circumnavigated globe ! That friends in truth and love should ronnd him cling, And even foes fehonTd feel the mystic charm, As serpents, dumb, before the charmer lie ! And One ahovo endorsed His handmaid's words, And sealed them with Jehovah's signet ring ! Yes , And forth he went upon the earth, aodrmot A spirit even mightier than his own ! They looked into each other's eyes and saw, They clasped each other's hand and knew, That Ood to them a mission on this earth and given them to bear Had To every nation, every land and clime i And hence, they laid the rudimental plan, And carried out the angel's word to them ! And organized tJbrfst'B CTitrrch on earth, v No more no, nevermore to be thrown down ! This history all haTo read by practise know. Time rushes on with almost noUeless stream, And boars us on the bosom of Its wave; Ixing years have passed that treasured one Is gone! The Jane has come and. gdne,'nd come again, And Memory rises Iron) her thousand xlla, And inlphantasma brings- the peat opce.mor Like 'Bfl.nquo.ahosU" bctord tho peering mind. tto.taae oL.aMt. And wda Uionghti Jive " rises "after futare (haLj the Zui upj ,f J, ;, And kvj&ATiojr (sli$lxjdrftwi' tWjdjj ' ' ! behold LoyV we do and and And tiHih Hope, concern- ing himself and family were realized during his absence. He with his brethren arrived in Kirtland May 22nd, 1838, having been absent eleven months and nine days. Hevsays, "I found my family , in good health, and as comfortably situated as I could expect; our joy was mutual. The Saints likewise welcomed us home, for which I felt thankful to my heavenly Are daily counted Scenes and forms, gestures, actions, words and looks, Making palpable onb who Is not dead, But passed behind the Veil overshadowing Mortal Vision, mortal touch, or hearing ! making prep rations to move my family to tire State of Missouri, where brother Joseph and the greater part of the authorities of the Church, and almost all the members who had any faith in Mormonism had already removed. The cause of their removal to the West was tho persecutions to "which they were subject in Kirtland. Most of the brethren who yet resided there,although very kind and affectionate, were weak in the faith, in consequence of trials ; and temptations. This caused us to grieve exceedingly and we resolved to cheer them up as much as we possibly could. We preached in the House of the Lord a few times, recounted our travels, and the great success which attended our labors; also the marvellous work which the Lord had commenced in England; they began to take courage, their confidence increased, their faith was strengthened, and they again realized the blessings of Jehovah." "About the first of July I commenced my journey with my family accompanied by Elder Orsnn Hyde, Erastus Snow and Winslow Farr, two brothers by the name of Badger, with their families, and the Widow Beeman and her two daughters, Artemissa and Louisa, and Sarah Millekin numWe took about bering forty souk. wagons to Wellsville, on the Ohio , river, about 130 miles,, then took steamboat to St. Louis, also from thence to Richmond; on the Missouri river." Before-w- e arrived i at St. Louis, we were nearly all sick from the intense heat of the weather, and having to drink water,, from , the muddy Missouri they. took, every, opportunity when the boat stopt, to wood up, to go for clear water, which the boat hands had warned them against, telling them it would make us sick. The cabin passengers had ice to use with it but we were not able to indulge iu the luxury. The boat would often start before the breth ren could get back but when - they came running- and shouting with their pails of water they would go ashore and take them in and roar with laughter at their ludricous appearance more especially Brother Hyde who Adam-ondi-ahina- n, land." Having continued longer than I anticipated I shall now close Life Incidents, but not before expressing the gratitude I feel for the privilege of belonging to the unpopular sect called "Mormons." I never saw the time that I. felt -- . ; : - was Yexy fleshy, The water being very low ihq boat was con- stanfly running upon sandbars which made the journey very, tedious. Lyman E. Johnson, Sister Hyde's brother who had, formerly, been one of the Twelve was living in Richmond and he or- Apostlj dercol a dinner, at, the Hotel ibr ,ajl of hit old , I - to-da- y. . , ; more, joyful and more willing to !ear the stigma3 which are heaped upon us than I am 4 r. a. were aiso t ...J nis Aposues ..if.. anaI oamis ana jesus hated, and they suffered, a great deal more than the Ijatter-da- y Saints, and were finally; des-- ,. troyed from off the earth, but we have no fears of a similar fate, fur wo know, that God has set his hand. for the ..scccond time and that He will .Jive, to fulfil his purposes, and though hundreds may apostatize ana join our enemies, ' they, will accomplish nothing but their own ruin; for apostates are looked down upon by the Gentiles and despised, as traitors always are. The wickeil only use them as tools to overthrow the work of the Almighty. It is only those who are weak in the faith that fear and tremble. "The wicked flee when no man pursueth," and they judge the Latter-- ay Saints by themselves. The bitterness that is manifested by theworld towards this people is tjie greatest proof to me that this is the true Gospel of Jesus Christ. If my homely description of scenes and incidents among the Saints provo beneficial to others I will feel amply rewarded and can say av the. Poet, .rr. .. j.. "If I one soul impnofo I hare not llrod in Taia.n 1 ? pre-ordaine- d, cr friends, and treated us with every kindness Brother Hyde and family remained there several days. Wagons were procured there to take us to Far West, where we arrived on : the 25th of July. The manners and customs, of the Western people and many things there were quite different from any thing I had ever seen or heard of. The first "peculiarity that I recollect was when we first landed in the West. Some orange girls came on to the boat and when the price of them was asked and they began talking of Bits and Picayunes how we stared, it was all "Dutch" to us, and we had to get an interpreter! We stopt one night on the road from Richmond where they had negroes and it was quite a novelty to hear them call the cows ''Sook Cherry" etc., and see them tote, as they called it, the pails or tubs of milk on their heads aud also water, a thing I had never seen before. Pails with bails was something unknown among them. The meeting between my father and the Prophet and others of his brethren was a happy one some of whom were moved to tears when they took each other by the hand. Father was . very weak and con tinned feeble foj' some-timeHe writes in his Journal. "Sunday July 29th, I met Joseph, Sidney and Ilyrum. on the public Square, as they started for Joseph repuested me to preach to the Saints and give them a history of my mission, saying it would revive their spirits aud do them good, which I did, although I was hardly able x reiaieu many 10 siauu. inmgs respecting my mission aud travels, which were gladly received by them, whose hearts erc cheered by the recital, while many of the Elders were stirred up to diligence and expressed a great desire to accompany mo when I ehould return to Eng- -- Memory, like music, steals upon the car, And wraps us in tbe visions of the past. June ! No. 2 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 15,: 1881. 10. , I , , . . . : . , ' j i ;1 t is A woman whose ruling passion is not yait y superior to any man of equal capacity, - j 1water. , ,; n j:.hnt: i i.ru 