WOMAN'S EXPONENT 108 I SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. As Rogers (author of "Pleasures of Memory") says, "He who feels the infirmities of age, dwells most on whatever reminds him of the vigor and vivacity of his youth." We know this to be true; and there is a tender and pleasant melancholy which arises in the mind of every one in the decline of life. He continues: "Nor are we pleased only with a review of the brighter, passages of life. Events, the most distressing in their immediate consequences, are often cherished in remembrance with a degree of enthusiasm. This,'' he jaays, "is the language of the heart, and will remind the reader d of that remark in one of Pope's should 'I letters, hardly care to have an old post pulled up, that I remembered ever since I was a child.' These words come home to the heart, and remind usof similar attachment to the place of our birth and objects and associations familiar to us in early youth. Though pleasing the task, I often find it a very difficult one to gather up the many broken threads of the almost forgotten past, and weave them into a shape for the perusal . of others, and it is a pleasant relief, like a cooling to theihirsty traveler, to find here anddraught there a scrap of our historv interwoven with that of others, bringing before us objects and scenes which were once familiar, but had become dim ana nearJv effhrd fVnm nm""A . uy Ilia hand of time, which has been tommuijf me unsparing m its ravages. How forcibly I am here reminded of my father's request, in a letter written me m 1844, while upon his last mission to the Eastern States, urging me to commence then to write my life as far back as I could remember, and to tell my brother William to do tnA eama " A n1 I. a ui ine. you can put ' ' t Aii theT letters I write you in their proper places, and when I write my history yours shall go in with it, to be handed down to our children for them to read." I neglected to do so, and can onlv look back with regret at not heeding his i good-humore- 1 wishes. J5 theJter;nS,of 1842 father with my William's assistance, plowed and planted us a garden. This he did but never had the privilege of every season, the fruits of his labor until after, he reaping came to this i valley. It was a common thing ior the Elders, who lef t al to go forth to other lands to preach the Gospel without purse or scrip, to return empty handed and go to work chopping wood, building houses planting, or any kind of labor to support and provide food and raiment for themselves and families. They never thought of complaining, but rejoiced in the knowledge beei fait,hful the declaring truth to the honest m heart, and thought no cause; and this they have continued to do until the tame. But where in all Christendom can tTere be found other class of men who wdhngly go forth with no other o for assistance but to Him Who commanded that His Apostles should go forth into all the world and preach the Gospd to every crea u re "Ite that believcth and i saying shall Tie -v- ed, tat he that believcth baptized tXk ffiafEl? SSft tW the" haU 8igns eha11 follw them m my name shall they cast out 8peak m new X not hurt them- - thev ahafl - . been taught and practised by the Lattet-da- v Saints, and for which they were persecuted, murdered, robbed and driven from State to State and finally out of the Union, and the majority of its inhabitants rejoiced at 1our calamities. On the 10th of September my father left us to go on a mission through the southern part of Illinois, in company with Prest. Brigham Young, Elders George A. Smith and Amasa Lyman. The following is from myefather's journal. "We proceeded to Quincy, and preached at that place several times. The indifference of the people and the little regard they appeared to have for the Gospel, led me to reflect considerably upon the hardness of their hearts and situation. I went to bed and dreamed the following dream: "I thought I went out on a fishing excursion, and whilst traveling up and down the stream to find a good fishing place, I was astonished to see so very few fish in the stream, and they were small and very shy. After traveling a while, I discovered some large fish lying across the stream, dead, and which smelled exceedingly bad. I then saw the reason why so few fish went up stream, and why they were so small and shv; it was in consequence of those dead ones 1 vine across t.hp stream "This is the dream; and in the morning the following interpretation was strongly impressed upon my mind. These dead fish represent the dead members scattered abroad, hither and thither, who are considered as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, but are in fact but dead branches; are not complying with the revelations they of God, which command them to gather together to the body. And as the branch of the vine cannot gather sap and nourishment from the body when separated from it, so the members of the Church abroad, when commanded to to the body, cannot receive life and gather intelligence away from it, nor grow in the things of the Kingdom of God, as is their and such characters stand in the privilege; Gosway of the pel, and prevent many from 'obeying the Gospel, through their neglect. I further that it was not impossible that the badthought smell of the dead fish represented those people who are to oe met with, some with a chew of tobacco in their Tnmifha or,! on a pipe, ana-I "v ouiuc others whose breath smells sufficiently strong of whiskey to sicken a sober man when he comes near them. "iluch of our time was spent in endeavoring to remove these obstacles, by persuading the members to comply. with the commandments on the subject, that the channel-migh- t pencleared and a way opened for more live fish to pass up the stream; and we hoped that we should yet see the stream full of live hsh and the fishing places become exceedingly good and live fish plentiful." The following interesting incident happened family of Elder Sidney Rigdon, and I heard him relate it upon the little grpve by the Temple. It was printed T in the Woo Times ani Seasons, where Tread it a short time since. It created at the time among both old andquite a sensation Elder young. Rierdun and famlv ho A ; - ana.hi8 ciated HT U TS For some time previous to th'fa L had Sha11 SSlS? nK"?St theylrinkv PeKidhaniCk- ?d they Sh&h - ' joicing amon? the Saints. terest which had occurred in his' own family. He had witnessed many instances o the power of God in this Church, .but never before had seen the dead raised; yet this was a thing that had actually taken place in his own family His youngest daughter, Eliza, who had been very8ick for a time, died. The doctor told them that she was dead. After she had lain in this state for a certain length of time, she rose up in the bed, and in a very powerful'and supernatural tone spoke to the, family to the following effect: said she was going to leave them, and-ha- d only come back to deliver her then and message, depart again. The Lord had said to her the very words she was about to relate. She was so particular in delating it would she that not allow them to leave out or add one word. Before dying she had expressed a great desire to live; but after her retnra to earth she expressed as strong a desire to go back. She called her family around her and bade them farewell. To her eldest sister she said: "Nancy, it is in your heart to deny this and if work; you do, the Lord says it will be the damnation of your soul." To her sister Sarah she said, "Sarah, we have but once to die, and I would rather die now than wait for another time." She told her sisters1 that the Lord had great blessings in store for them if they continued in the faith; and after delivering her message she swooned, but recovered again. During this time she was cold, and the only appearance of life was the power of speech. She continued in this state till the following evening for the space of thirty-si- x hours when she called her father and told him that the Lord had said to her, if he would cease weeping for his sick daughter, and dry up his tears, that he should have all the desires of his heart; and that if he would go to bed and rest, he should be comforted over his sick daughter, for in the morning she should be getting better anc should get well. That the Lord had s&ld unto her, because that her father had dedicated her to God and prayed to Him for her. that He would give her back again. This of dedicating and praying took place ceremony when she -m fo6""6 ucaiu, auu continued to the very moment of her departure; and she said the Lord told her that it was because of this musi 8 ack again, though she desired to stay. She said concerning G. W. Robinson, her brother-in-laas he had denied the faith the Lord had taken Away one of his eye teeth; and unless he repented He would takeaway another. And concerning Dr, Bennett, that ?he was wicked man, and that the Lord would treadt . . Tlue w, him under His feet. This is but a small portion of what she related. It aroused Elder Rigdon from nis mor-bistate for a little season, but he soon sank . . . . n n mtn tka come nr. 1.il irom which he lemargy, never awoke until of the martyrdom of the Prophet, when he. hurried backio o to claim the leadership of the Church, to this, having become weary in wellprevious and doing having suffered enough, as be thoughc, he had leg his post and mortd with his family to Kttsburg. d f W CT& 1 he-hea- rd Nau-vo- , , " " k,.1 ...- i- announces 'that' J1?11 the Rational Citizen and Gage Ballot Box, edited by herself, Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, is suspended with, the October issue for. the present. The health. of lira Uage she says, is not adequate to the xhaut ing labor. of editing the Motional Citiztn)s&& also to doing her part on the Woman Suffrazs wWeksheJmmt-noAloha. nitA Kv nr. lne T0, w These are. among the doctrines whieh have unfold unto StLf PWer of a scene of .deep in. , To be continued. xcr: devote herseK i tit-.i- .- ington, will, be; supplied, to the subscriber of the National Citizen, ;unta their time expires. Mrs. Gage, will, also be heard throng that . 