WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10 PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH. CONTINUED. In our last we left Sister Eliza at the Sea of Galilee with a bunch of hyssop in her hand, given her by the young Jewess. The next day some of the party with whom she was traveling went by boat across the Jordan, while she, with the others, went on horseback to the place of destination, about two hours' ride along the seashore, passing the ruins of Magdala, said to be the place where Mary Magdalene formerly lived, arriving nearly four hours ahead of those who went in the boat. Meantime, Sister Eliza was enjoying the interval gathering shells, or d "Here the pebbles, by the seashore. Mount Hermon" was in sight, and the travelers "ascended to the height of five thousand feet," over rough passes and trails, rocks smooth as glass in some places but the party rode animals trained to keep their footing. Sister Eliza says though she had to be all the time on the watch, she was much amuseq!. Before reaching Damascus, for a long distance "the way was lined on each side with grape vines, seemingly well cultivated." The noise of the dogs in the city of Damascus is very annoying, and it is said there are forty thousand of them in the city. Here, on Sunday, the Sacrament was .administered by the brethren. Monday President Smith and party called upon the Consul, who treated them with great courtesy, offering each of them coffee in a tiny cup, as a national token of friendship, which courtesy obliged them to accept The Consular Agent could converse some in the English language, and is not a Mahommedan. He enquired of Pres. George A. Smith concerning the"Mdrmon" faith, and being told they believed in the patriarchal order of marriage, informed him that the Mahommedans could marry four wives and buy as many as they pleased. The Turks, he said, would not allow women to vote as "Mormons" did, it would be "placing them too nearly on an equality with men." "March 10," Sister Eliza says, "we left the old city of Scriptural celebrity the scene of many former striking incidents, particularly that of the miraculous conversion of Paul, and having walked on the 'Street called Straight' (which, judging from the gate leading into it, was much broader formerly than now), with its one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants, without shedding any tears of regret. Now, instead of narrow trails, we travel on the broad, smooth 'diligence road,' through a narrow gorge between high, rocky ridges, overlooking narrow strips of fertility along the beautiful Abana river, which skirts the almost perpendicular bluffs for many miles." Tfce party camped at a little village called Dimas. Sister Eliza was rather amused the next morning, while the mules were being packed, to watch "numerous goat herds starting off to the mountains, and especially as numbers of the goats issued from the doors of the houses the iamB dwrs the men, womerrand children came through, and were intermingled as they passed out. The next day passed through an extensive and fertile Valley, cultivated, and seeni-- l ingly occupied by civilized people, with the most charming "landscape scenery." The party camped for the night in fult view of "he celebrated mountains of Lebanon, covered with enow." This range the lady gays instinctively f truck her with admiration and sublime awe. "I was so eaptivatcdwitiuthe bold, majestic scenery of nature exhibited in an interminable variety of forms, before;' behind, all around me,thatmany times I stopped my horse, that I might feast ray eyes on the surrounding beauties of nature the almost uncultivated 'Glory snow-crowne- sub-Americ- an of Lebanon.'" The road, the" lady tells us was winding and zigzag, and the vegetation, shrubbery, shade trees and flowers in full bloom were a marked contrast to the white limestone that paved the road. All these descriptions of places by Sister Eliza are exceedingly vivid, and one may feel, in reading her Book of Irav- els, almost conveyed to the spot and enjoying the picture, proving that her power of descriptive delineation is admirable. About ten miles before reaching Beyrouth the road is lined on both sides with fields of mulberry trees. The city of Beyrout has of late superseded Damascus m the manufacture of silk. At this place there was a public demonstration in favor of a German Prince just entering the city, and it was quite interesting lor the "Mormon" party, who really seemed to attract the most attention of the twro. The two ladies, Sister Eliza and Miss Clara Little, daughter of Mayor Little of Salt Lake City, who-- , was one of the tourists, were called upon by multitudes of ladies, some of them urging them to accompany them to their homes. They called at a few places, and found them, though very simple homes, very neat. On the 22d of March the tonrists bade adieu to tent life, mounted their horses and rode to the hotel. On the 25th embarked on the Steamer Mars, of the Austrian Lloyd line, for Constantinople. Sister Eliza had been, at her somewhat advanced time of life, enduring "twenty-nin- e days of tent life, and of riding on( .horseback." While twenty-on- e remembering she was in her seventieth year, one cannot help thinking she was a woman of fortitude and remarkable powers of endurance. She arrived at Constantinople on the first of April On the way there passed the island of Cyprus, and had a view of Mount Parnassus, the ancient site of the Temple of Venus, also Rhodes Cos and Scio the last named is now the scene of devastation frem the recent terrible earthquakes. They also passed Samos, the birthplace of Pythagoras, and long the residence of Herodotus. The Steamer anchored at Smyrna, of Bible celebrity. At Constantinople she visited all the attractions, and they are numerous; had a fine view of the exterior of the Sultan's palace, which stands on the shore of the Bosphorus. This city, it is well known, is l)eautified with mosques, domes and minarets in abundance, and thousands of luxuriant, tall cypress trees, it being a Moslem custom to plant one of these trees at the birth and death of a child. After leaving Constantinople, on deck one has a full view (on the Asiatic side) of the immense barracks used for a hospital in the Crimean war, where Miss Florence Nightingale made herself famous, world-widby her generous services as a nurse. The Steamer cast anchor in front of the Grecian Pirceus, and the party rowed ashore, then rode five miles to Athens, once the seat of learning and renown, famous for its past greatness. Here Sister Eliza roamed about among the grand and interesting ruins, and with such active imaginative powers as she possesses, she no doubt almost saw this ancient classical seat of wealth, magnificence and splendor m its original beauty. On visiting 'Mars Hall' Sister Elrza mig;ht hvefancied the Apostle Paul occupying the position, boldly addressing his idolatrous hearers, surrounded by the various brilliant temples dedicated to these heathen gods of man's device. In Athens the tolirists took tea witVMr. Francis, the American Minister, and his amiable and accomplished wife; y they also met there the American ConsulGen-era- l -- social to Constantinople;- and Another whom the celebrity pleasant party had the opporiuhity of teeing there was George , I, King of Greece, in plain 7 citizen costume.'1 From Athens, the tourist went to Trieste, en-rou- e, all-were . te Austria, by steamer, thence to Verona, and on to Munich, in Bavaria. At Munich Sister Eliza visited several schools with Kindergartens for the little ones, who have in this department the most perfect tiaining. Munich is the birthplace of Mrs. Paul A. Schettler of this city, at that time she was at home on a visit and through the courtesy and kindmess of her brother Mr. Geirisch who was in ''His Majesty's service and confidence" the party were assisted in gaining admittance to places of special interest. They were conducted through the King's Palace and shown apartments not open to general visitors. Some of the rooms the lady tells us represented the sixteenth century, others a later date, and some of the present style of architecture. In this Bavarian palace there are magnificen t brocaded window curtains of the most beautiful colors made wholly of glass. One room had its four walls hung with portraits of ladies called the "beauties of Munich." It happened to be a very fav6rable time for sight-seeinas preparations were being made for the wedding of the Prince of Bavaria and the Princess of Austria and members of the Austrian Court On the afternoon of the 28th, these royal prople were expected and all Munich must see them. It was judged there were from forty to fifty thousand peopie on the streets and sidewalks, eager to get a glimpse of the pageantry of royalty. From JIunicli the party went to Vienna. Here Sister Eliza says, "by ascending some four hundred and twenty steps in the spire of St. Stephen's Church; we had a magnificent view of the city and surroundings, including the unrivaled Palace of the Exposition, or AVorld's Fair which had just then been opened, though its arrangements were not nearly completed. g GEORGE ELIOT'S FACE. The face was one of a group of four, not all equally like each other, but all of the same spiritual family, and with a curious interdependence of. likeness. These four are Dante, Savonaola, Cardinal Newman and herself. We only know one such other group, and that consisting of three only. It is that formed of the traditional head of Christ (the n profile on a coin), Shakespeare, and St Ignatius Loyola.-- ' In the group of which George Eliot was one, there is the same straight wall of brow; the droop of the powerful nose; mobile lips, touched with strong passion kept resolutely under control; a square jaw, which would make the face stern were it not counteracted by the sweet smile of lips and .eye. We can hardly hope that posterity will ever know her from likenesses as those who had the honor of her acquaintance knew her in life. Only some world's artist could hand her down as she lived, as Bellini has handed down the doge whom we all know so well on the walls of the national pallerv. The two or three nortraita that exist, though valuable, give but a very imperfect presentment The mere shape of the head would scarcely be possible to represent it without giving the idea of disproportion to the frame, of which no one. ever thought for a wben thev. aaw hpr. nhhmifrK it wao J .vr...f.,.,n. Iltu) ...f. surprise, when she stood up, to see that, after an, sue was out a little, fragile woman who bore this weight of brow and hmn n Vs. gan Paul, in Harper $ for May. well-know- mo-me- ' nt ,.-.- Women Doctors in. Olden Tim Tt i said there is in the British Museum an illumi nated manuscript, bearing the date of 1470, ituiwi luuouaiw wic oi lODit. Une of the scenes representsuistory wfc a 1 eham iho; old Israelite is Ivfriff blind and sirV couch, while War wife Anna' sits by the fire pre- i.u6 uicuiujjv iur mm, wim an open dook by er side, -- W , 