WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EMMEIJE Editor. B. YTA.Ui, Published in Salt Lake dij, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3, 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each sqnare, ten lines of nonpareil epace, one time, 3,50: per month, $3. GO. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all bnsiness communications to Bcmi-monthl- Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. 3VAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1881. ONLY A WOMAN'S OPINION. y Every; woman likes to have her say and woman editor whether her every opinion 'be worth much or little. It is useless perhaps to repeat in the columns of the Exponent what is now so well known and widely circulated concerning the certificate of election for Utah's delegate to Congress. In the great and '.wisdom of the present Governor of the Territory, said certificate was issued in favor of Allen G. Campbell, the minority candidate, for whom 1,357 votes were polled in a Territory of 150,000 inhabitants,and where votes were cast for the delegate of the People's Party, Hon. George Q. Cannon. How large a class of the people of Utah does Mr. Campbell represent? A very small proportion. What interest has he in common with the peo- espe-eiall- far-seei- 18,-5- The Home Dramatic Club have won fresh laurels by the performance of the two last plays "Pique" and the "Banker's Daughter." Both these plays were good and as well rendered as could possible be expected of amateurs. Indeed many encomiums of praise have been bestowed upon some of the actors by critics who have had of seeing the finest actors, upon the stage in the very best theatres. One thing is certain the talent is here and it may be developed, if the people will patronize home production, and not run wild after something from abroad,paying out money,to be carried away in- stead of placing it in the hands of the young rising artists here, and thereby building up the profession at home. inew and muscle, and brain haveTdevTloped this barren waste of country which had erst been rejected by the bravest mountaineers, as not inhabitable by white men? What does he know of the needs of the people who have toiled and are still honorably toiling to build up and improve the country, furnish labor for the working class, and establish and promote educational interests for all; Mr. Campbell may be well qualified for the position were he conversant with the people and their needs, but the people have chosen for themselves, who their delegate shall be according to the law of the land. In a government for and by tbe people, such as the United States Constitution guarantees to all citizens, it seems a complete burlesque and mockery of law and justice to perpetrate such an act as has been practised upon the citizens of Utah in the instance of the majority issuance of certificate of election by Gov. Murray. I fdoes not seem possible that such an act can meet the approval of thoe who sit in power in the highest judicial court of the nation. If so how blind must be their wisdom, how warped and prejudiced their judgment. But we will not believe such an act can have the sanction of a free government, that extends liberty to all to worship God according to tho dictates of their own consciences. Without taking up any special points in question as we have not the space if wo had the desire or ability we have only this to sav it is persecution for religion, let who will say Nay. Had it been any but a "Mormon" people it would have been otherwise. Shame on thoe who weep over the wrongs and persecutions of the Waldenstfsand the Pilgrim Fathers and yet pursue to the death those in their own age and time, who cihance to differ materially in opinion and sentiment on points of doctrine from them. There is pne consolation for the',Latter-daSaints and it j one which should give them implicit faith and confidence, it is this, that "In God we y birth of a beautiful boy, which auspicious event iranspired at three o'clock Tuesday morning, the 4 th inst., the happy parents being Mr. John Q. and Mrs. Annie W. Cannon. On Tuesday the llth,at twelve o'clock m., the babe was blessed, Pres. D. ll. Wells (the grandfather) officiating, and the boy was named George Quayle Cannon, after his grandfather on the paternal side; the virtues of both these noble men and excellencies may he emulate in his future life. Our readers will no doubt join us in congratulations to the parents, and good wishes for the little one justu&hered into life. Mrs. Cannon was formerly connected with the editorial department of the Woman's ExroNPNT, and since her marriage has been an occasional contributor to its columns. Cornelia H. Clayton, formerly Miss Home, who was for some years business mana-- . ger of the Exponent, is the second time the happy mother of a fine boy, born Dec. 29, 1880. The boy is called Raymond. We sincerely congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Clayton on the happy event, and trust he may live to do them honor. Mrs. 68 The Relief Society blanks are now ready and for sale at the office of the Deseret News. Tune bokawhieb the Children's Primary Hymn Books are for sale at this office. The Relief Society of the Fourteenth Ward, on several occasions copiously poured out." We gratefully acknowledge the kind invitation extended us to attend a social party given in the 15th Ward Assembly Rooms on Thursday evening, Dec. 30, 1880, and sincerely regret we were prevented from attending. WTe also see upon our table an invitation to attend the anniversary gathering of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the 17th Ward, which will be held at the residence of Mrs. Maria Y. Djugall, on Tuesday, the 18th ins t., and hope to be there to enjoy the good spirit and feeling that universally prevails among the young ladies in their associations. We welcome gladly among our exchanges The Bear Lake Democrat" published in Paris Idaho, which comes fresh with northern news and also contains many sharp and spicy articles, calculated to amuse and edify the and fastidious public. Under the able eager management of the humorous J. C.R.,andhis eminent J. H. H., we think the people of Bear Lake co-labo- rer . The Quarterly Conference of this Stake of Zion was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hal Saturday and Sunday, Jan. 8th and 9th. The meeting on Saturday morning was occupied with the reports and transaction of business pertaining to the Stake affairs. In the afternoon, after some special business matters had been disposed of, Pres. John Taylor addressed the people on the subject of tithing, explaining clearly what the Lord had said by revelation to the Prophet Joseph, and the system adopted by President cupied- themornin g. session .TnJthjBjrfternoon "AirostleWllf Smith and Apostle John Henry Smith addressed the congregation. Many excellent things were spoken during the Conference, and the Spirit of under the efficient management of a committee of ladies, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Chairman Committee, gave a social party on Thursday evening, Jan. 13, which was in every respect a complete success. Trip up the Rio Virgin. On New Year's Day Sisters Eliza and Zina and Mrs. Minerva Snow started on a missionary trip up the Rio Virgin. They visited Harrisburg, Leeds, To-querville, Virgin City. Duncan's Retreat, Grafton, Rockville and Shonesburg. In each of these they organized a Primary Association; in Rockville assisted the Bishop in the R. S., and in Toquerville the R. S. and V. L. M. I. A. In all, the sisters held fifteen meeting. "The Spirit of the Lord was manifest, and tiea Brigham Young. Sunday the meetings were crowded to overflowing, many could not obtain standing room in the Hall, and were compelled to return home. Pres. John Taylor and Pres. A. M. Cannon oc- HOME AFFAIRS. - R A BEAUTIFUL BOY. Another Boy. ng new-- paper representation, of which in times rnst they must have felt the need. We are gladto see enterprises of. this kind started and trust it win piuYtj a Buccessiui undertaking to all parties concerned. rWe take great pleasure in announcing the . nuuuraoie in the darkest hours, from the most complicated perplexities and snares of their enemies,and yet the Saints should ever bear in mind that "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty n y, - SALT CoUntV Will hftVft ft fttir - onrl trust." He has delivered his people many times THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. God seemed to prevail in power during all the services. The music was grand, and all seemed inspired to persevere in the work of God's kingdom. The closing anthem by the choir, "Glory to God," was sublimely rendered. Conference adjourned sine die. . A petition has leen presented to tho Mayor and City Council of this city, asking that the traffic in liquor be restrained. The petition sets forth some plain facts, and suggests, "that the City Charter authorizes the City Council by ordinance to regulate the sale of intoxicating liquors, and to regulate, restrain, suppress or prohibit billiards, pin alleys and other games, etc., etc." The petition was signed by John Sharp ana 7,797 6thers,and urges the honorable body to take from the table the petition presented in 1876, signed by more than six thousand residents of this city, for the suppression of the sale of intoxicating liquors. That some immediate and effective steps should be taken in this direction must e apparent to every man and woman who take notes of what is passing before their very eyes. That this suggestion to the Mayor and Council is none too soon is also apparent. In Utah County there are some rigid measures enforced against violators of liquor ordinances. In Spanish Fork one seller was fined sixty dollar and costs. In Springville another was fined ninety-nin- e dollars and costs for similar offences. REST. Died, in Springfield, Mass., Dec. 3,1850 James Woodward, in his 57th year. Deceased was born in Petersham, Mass., Feb. 14, 1824. He leaves a loving wife, who deeply mourns his loss, and many brothers and sisters to whom he 