The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. suffered in it,and each and all have endeared it to us for in the bitter there was the sweet and in the sweet, oh ! most, sweet, the bitter was urely4 mingled ! wisely mingled, wc aje compelled to say ! All these formed our individ! ualityour identity if you please In the past ODE TO LIBERTY. RY R. 6NOW SMITH. ELIZA ..Hail, the day when Freedom, first, I'roud oppression's fetters burst Hail, their shades, who boldly durst Liberty proclaim. Here, amid the mountain sky, Freedom's Flag is waving high-- Let echo fly; the heav'n-borGod and liberty, ! n Hail, the Banner of the brave, the patriot's grave : Stceaming Here, forever shall it wave To protect the just. oter. Chobus. Glorious Fourth! Thoday is ours We have nourished Freedom's powers, And with us, her standard tow'rs To Jehovah's throne. Chorus, God, who moved our worthy Sires, When they kindled Freedom's lirea, Utah's nolle sons, inspires With the sacred flame. Chorus. grasp, and bold, Here, with God-lik- e We, the Constitution hold, Pure as when its sacred fold Was, at first, bequeathed. Chorus. Peace,, the gift that Freedom gave, When khe crowned the wise and brave, Bids her royal banner wave O'er our mountain home. Chorus. Freedom Bpreads her wand abroad, Prompting all to worship God, Fearless of the tyrant's rod : Glorious Liberty! Chorus. Freedom, Justice, Truth and peace, Shall in Utah's vales increase : Shout, O Shout, tUl time shall cease, Truth and Liberty ! : Chorus. Here, amid the mountain sky, Freedom's Flag is waving high-- Let echo fly-- God the heav'n-bor- n and Liberty. PAST, PRESENT. AND FUTURE. HANNAH KING. We are accustomed to consider these as. distinct epochs, but they are links in a mighty chain of being; and when, the finite, merges into the infinite, we suppose they will form an eternal present; we are .urged sometimes to lay aside the Past; and even Byron says, "The past is nothing;" and Shakspere says "Let bygones be bygones." Yet I have "an intuitive knowledge that at other moments they would have ignored these assertions With' regard to some things, there may be truth in them; but not all, oh ! no, not all ! some parts of the past, are very precious. Why forget the good of any epoch T In it we have drank of the halcyon cup of happiness, we have lived in it, we have ! became acquainted with our Father, and our Mother, and in our early days they were as gods to-- ' lis we knew no others, we knew them, and loved them with a degree of worship they were the Shrine before whom to our Father in Ave offered up our prayers all our wants, if we Heaven they supplied were sick they nursed, and comforted us, if well and happythey rejoiced with' us, and loved us thro' every scene of life. We also became acquainted with our brothers and our sisters, we grew up together in the Parental Home, and they became our friends, the sweetest the purest friendship existed between Jus. We also made acquaintance with our children, all these became our Lares and Penates, the "Lines fell to us in pleasant places' an atmosphere of happiness was around us, tho like Paul we were "preserved from being too highly exalted" by some spirits "sent to buffet us," to preserve for us an equillibrium. We saw and acknowledged the liand of God in all; our parents inculcated in us the love of truth, the principles of obedience and humility were our earliest lessons; that humility that taught us to listen to the counsel of those above us, and to do to others as we would they should do. unto us; these lessons helped us to obey the Gospel when we heard it, they help us to stand to day, and endeavor "to hold on to the rod of iron" thro'cvil report and good report, all this laid a foundation for the future Who then .... can say, we Cnonus. BY-- No. 4. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1881. 10. 'The past, is nothing 2" few can say. Their star of life has she'd no ray, That o'er their retrospective viw, Cast glowing tints of pinky hue ! Yes, yes the present will reveal The pa6t is something woe or weal Is built upon the mighty past Which tHro' eternity may last ! The future is within the veil, Obscure in its unfolded tale.--B- ut yet, what e'er our God's behest! Let's bless Him, for we have been blest. comme The .present,' , 'which ' td menced when entering the Church of Jesus of Christ, has realized many of the the pa3t, it is good; if only, the mind, the heart, the understanding can grasp, and realize its teachings, this we are trying all the time to do, this we want to do! May our Father accept this in place of pur perfect obedience ! I confess I cannot separate the past, and the future, from. the present, they .make a whole, that can have no quartering, it simply acknowledges the law of progression, The Future ! a veil hangs over it ! no doubt it "is wisely hiddem from us in our present impe rfect and ignorant state. Yet I believe it is inherent in the human composition to desire to pry into futurity; some desire it from a love of truths and knowledge that they may be guarded against : the quick-sand- s that beset every pathway,' s6me idle from an curiosity, arising from a .restless, unhappy spirit,that have little or no confidence in themselves and consequently little in their God?. Such was Saul, when ; he applied to the Witch of Endor,1 having by his conduct clo'ieU the revelations of heaven against himself; and she was allowed to shew him " day-drea- ms 'Crownless, headless, breathless fall'' "Son, and Sire, the House of Saul." 4 To desire to gain knowledge lawfully, is per fectly just and praisworthy; when so obtained, it will be ours for eternity ! but erough even now to excite enthusiastic perseverance, even in the most flegmatique to the sangui le to wreach even "the anchor within the Veil," and to shed its rich effulgence over the homeliness of earth,and earthly things; to surround the past, and present by a Halo of light reflected back by the grand future, and enable us to press forward "to the prize of the high calling that is before us," till we attain of the great "I am" the Presehoe-Chamband realize an eternal present in the kingdom of our Father, and our God ! is revealed er The future, present and the past, Are snbjects all should seek to scan, For they contain the first and last Of all thats precious unto man, And woman too, and every child In these grand epochs, hold a stake, And Heaven's love, and mercy mild Aro needed every move we make; Then let'a be wary, let's be wise, ' For, ho child's play is human life We may not trifle or despise The present with salvation rife. THE LATE MRS. ANDREWS. Elizabeth Andrews, the venerable mother of Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer, whose funeral services were held at the residence of ner dauguter yesterday, was widely Known ana highly honored east and west. President Oaf--' field sent to the funeral a magnificent wreath of the choicest flowers from the White House conservatory, and wrote to Mr. and Mrs. Mrs. . - Spencer: "Dear Friends: In the midst of my great nnyietv for the dear life whinh is tVia licrht nf our home, 1 send you this w;ord of jSympathy for the loss that death has brought to you. J. A.G." Mrs. Andrews was a woman of tremendous brain power, and being left early a widow in western New York, with a family of six chik dren, she conquered obstacles that would have made the stoutest heart to quail, and gaW every one of her children a superior education and every social advantage. For more than half a century, as a conviction born of her struggles in life, she was a profound believer; in the right of woman to a voice in the laws that govern her, and when she heard in' her St. Louis home that her daughter, Mr?.' Spencer, was working zealously for that cause she said: "She ia dom" . was a child in my arms." : She came to Washington to die and to be buried at Glenwood, where herdaugh'ter, at her request, had ten. years ago selected her resting place. She attended the inauguration of Gen. Garfield, to whom she was' much attached for many years, and never left heri room again. The Evening Star, Washington,' D. C ? J Mrs Mary A. Livermore is in England? June 17th, she delivered a lecture to an Immense audience in St. George's Hall; London! Subject, the "Duties M Woman loathe Natiii" She also spoke at St James Hall and Memorial Hall. , 