' ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A LETTER TO A GIFTED SISTER. JESSE BURNS, Was BY HANNAH T. KING. Think not my dear Sister, tho' silent I've been. I've forgotten that sweet, and remarkable scene, That a week ago yesterday gladden 'd my eyes, And flll'd me with rapture, with joy and surprise I With rapture and joy that thy spirit was free, With surprise for I knew not such gift were in thee; And thy prayer was so humble, bo childlike, and pure, It had power the Spirit of God to allure ! It softened each one, and awake n'd a tear In every eye as it fell on the car; The chords, of sweet love bound us, body and mind And made us feel loving, forgiving and kind. No spirit was there but the spirit of love, Ilia presence we felt tho' wo saw not the "Dove" This essence of God on that meeting did fall And richly, and lovingly blest one and all ! With love in our hearts and faith in our prayers; The "wheat'' was so full, there was no room for tares. It seemed that one spirit pervaded the place, So richly the spirits commingled by grace--! The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ fill'd each heart And Unity, concord, and peace did impart Hush! now you broke forth in that heavenly "tongue' Aud rapture, in silence Ui;cd eery one! It seemed to my rept, and recipient ear That a spirit had come from a holier sphere To bring such glad tidings to comfort my heart To build up my soul, and fresh strength to impart; For I'd been in deep waters for some time before Tho' that day, my bosom its bright feelings bore ; As tho' a sweet foretaste was over me cast Of good things to come, and of those that were past; And I joined in the circle to work for the poor; Little dreaming such blessings were for mo in store ! How free was your spirit! how fluent your tongue! 'Twas plain by whose sweet inspiration you sung; You seemed to my fancy an Angel on earth ' Or rather your speech seemed of heavenly birth; r But if faith, love, and praj-e- ca,n inspire a heart No marvel you bore such a wonderful part; For ail the assembly upheld you by these Without any effort, so much did you please; And each heart on its tablet has noted the day In its own pri3in tints, that will ne'er pass away ! Oh! may wo all live for the blessings yon spake And carefully watch every movement wo make; For we know that the tempter all people will try But in Isrftcl'6 God, all his arts we defy; Our hearts are all right but frail nature is weak. For wisdom to guide let us faithfully seek; Her paths lead to pleasure, to peace, and sweet joy, Her coin is all sterling and needs no alloy! And by her sweet aid we may hope to attain The rich blessings of life, with much less of the pain; For when1 wo walk wisely, we ever walk well, 'Twas for lack of this wisdom whenever we fell. Like children we sometimes get reckless and free, And forget for the moment how wise we should be. Forget that the battle is yet to be won, And the race to the swiftest has yet to bo run ! ' We never can say, that our warfare is done, That the race is completed, the battle is won, Till death conies along with his scythe and his dart, And closes tho pulses, and seals up tho heart Then let us like watchmen, be ever awake, Beholding each movement our enemies make, Let us see that our armor is ready and bright, Let us muster our forces by day and by night, And let us remember tho talents He's given, If rightly expended will help to make Heaven ! Tho' trials await us on every hand, By strength from above we're enabled to stand; And every trial, like waves of tho sea Roll over and leave us, both stronger and free ! We leani to 6it loose to the baubles of Time And all the frail treasures each fondly calls "mine,'' But now I must close tip this heart felt address And in blessing I ask the great Father to bless You my Sister with wisdom, with meekness to bear The trials of life, and escape every snare, That Satan or wicked ones artfully lay To entrap us if we but a moment should stray; Let your mind bo a kingdom, to you has been given 8uch talenU as fit and prepare one for Heaven ! If rightly expended, if rightly laid out Your own exaltation, they will bring about; Where the goal of Eternity all can obtain, There erown'd as a Queen, with tho righteous you'll reign. 1 OR, it Fate? A Sketch of the Exodus from Xauvoo, and the early Settlement of Utah, CONTINUED. . ! She told Mr. Wyvil of Jesse's letter and of her answer. She prayed fervently and steadfastly, that she might be enabled to do her duty, and trust in God that all might turn out for her best good. She consoled herself by thinking that if Jesse drank, as she was tpld he did, life with him would not be as happy as it had been, and no doubt she was better off where she was. Minnie went to school that winter, and the following spring secured a position as teacher in a district school. As she lived Some distance from the schoolhouse, and her health was poor, she made arrangements to board with some friends, in order to avoid the lonr wnlLr One - morn in", while rren.irinor for sr'lmnl .n J O l N, little girl came in and said that a gentlemau was waiting at Brother Jones' to see her. The child was so mysterious nnd excited that Minnie began to suspect who the stranger might be, and went chasing across lots at a very undignified pace, to be caught in the arms or her own father. They were both so delighted to meet that it took some time to calm their ex-- , citement. rAVhen at last she thought of her school anol proposed going to attend to it, her father bade her dismiss it. He had plenty of means, he said, and his children were all he had to care for now; he would provide tor them, and they should not work for a living. His business had prospered, and they should, at last, be repaid for their long years of privation, and never again, while he was blessed with means, should they want for anything necessary for their comfort or happiness. Minnie felt under obligations to fill her engagement; but he would not listen to it, so she gladly complied with his commands, and going to the schoolhouse called tho pupils together and dismissed them. The children gathered around her, many of them weeping, and expressed their regret at losing her for a teacher, for they all loved her. Minnie herself could not regret it, for teaching was trying work, both to her health and patience; but in the midst of her rejoicing, she could not forget that there was a skeleton at the feast. It was tho position of her mother as the wife of another man. It was deep grief to her that her mother could not share in her rejoicing. From the school-hous- e she went home to break the news to mother, and bring Nettie to seo her father. It was a strange day for Jesse to be near Mary after so many vears' senaration. and know that she was not his. To meet her as the wife of another, and know that he must not fold her in his arms as he so longed to do; but he must be content to see" his children. He had he could not bear it, but his longingthought for his little girls overcame every other feeling, and for their sakes he came. Poor Mary could no longer conceal Tier feeP ings; Jesse had come and she must not see him; he was near her and not for her. Oh, how dreadful to her in her hour of trial seemed the ties that bound her. She' had never been estranged in her feelings. She had accepted the inevitable, and given him up because she must, but her love for hirn was as deep as ever. Now she was bound to another, and an unsurpassable barrier lay between them. Her fortitude deserted her, and she could only, weep and deplore the fate "that separated them. How small and mean then seemed all the considerations that had influenced her to marry again. She would have waited, and striven to -- L 19 " get along some way, if she had only known he would come to her. "She might have-- known it! " She might have known that he did not get her letter! that he was jealous and angry when he wrote, but he would feel better when he received her letter. She should have waited and shown him there was no, foundation for his jealousy; but she had not done so, she had taken a course to prove to him that his suspicions were correct. " She had lost his confidence, and he would always think meanly of her." All the long day she tortured herself with these reflections. It mattered not what any one thought, she was broken down and her feelings were beyond control. Jesse brought the girls homo at night in a them He had taken shopping, and carriage. bought them a great many nice things, besides the presents of silks and jewelry he had brought from California. Never before had Minnie known what it was to spend money without stint, without calculating just what was need and how much it would cost. It was a happy day after all; for what young heart, with so much to brighten it, can long remain in the shadow. She was not selfish in her demands,every one was thought of and remembered with a share of her good fortune. Her mother was generously provided for, and none of James Wyvil's family were neglected or forgotten. She also made nice presents to some of her associates.' It was a day long to be remembered, and Mary's heart was somewhat brightened by Jesse's thoughtful kindness and generosity. She had, too, a source of happiness va tbo welfare of her children, for what motlici can fail to be pleased when her children are made comfortable and happy. He called to see her, and talked with her on indifferent subjects, giving her his money to take care of with the oldtimo trustfulness, for he knew it would bo safe in her care. Tho following days were a round of holidays for the children. Rides, theatres, dressmakers, and such enjoyments as they had always been limited in, for they had never, since leaving Nauvoo had an opportunity of sharing much but the cares and responsibilities of life, without much pastime or amusement. To be continued. - INDIVIDUALITY IN DRESS. The efforts of intelligent women to adopt a style of dress more conducive to health and comfort than now prevails, have been thwarted by the inexorable conservatism of a majority of women and men. The Boston Advertiser remarks: "Dresss reform, as reform, has never made much progress in this country, nor indeed in any other. So far as dressing is a. matter of taste or personal comfort, the reformers have never been able toiustify their mission. Indeed, the laws of dres3 are made in a court where the reformers have no standing ever. Recently an attempt has been made in London to release ladies from the tyranny of mere fashion by an. association called the "Rational press Society." The association proposes to assist ladies that desire to be free, through the agency of drawing-roomeetings, .the dis.r. tribution of patterns,and by friendly advice given in pamphlets and the newspapers. Every lady is to be permitted to consult her own taste and convenience,' with the sole condition that her attire shall be pleasing to the eye and conducive to health-an- d comfort. One thing: should be said for English women dress. There is touch more in the matter-ofreedom felt and exercised by them jthan shown in the United States. ;Womeawii3ult their own taste and convenience far more , generally there than here. We hope the "Rational Dress 'Association" will encourage individuality in dress. If it do nothing more it will have done a good work, Ex. JjlNe. m f 