WOMAN ' S E XPON E N. T 70 the ground, and whatever emotions she may have experienced were eacred from the sight of I ? in the ssd pageant. Bhe entered the state carriage and was followed by her daughter, Mollie, her eon Hany, Mra.a Rockwell and Mia Rock well The others of the Presidential party were President Arthur, who leaned upon the arm of of Senator Jones, of Nevada Gen. Grant Gen. Swain and Mrs. Swain. Col. Rockwell, Col.XJor-biDr. Bliss and daughter, Drs. Boynton, Agnew and Hamilton, Attorney General MacVeagh, his wife and two sons, Secretary and Mrs. Hunt, Secretary and Mrs. Lincoln and and Mrs. James and sod Postmaster-Genera- l ' Kirkwood. Secretary The first three carriages received those of the party who did not accompany the procession to the Capitol. , After they had moved on a hort distance frond the enlrance,the casket appeared, borne upon the shoulders of eight soldiers of the 2d artillery, detailed from the arsenal barracks. On the right, In a single file and headed by Adjt. Gen, Drum, were the officers of the army, and on the left the officers of the navy, under the lead of Rear Admiral Nichols, as the casket was borne to the hearse, the Marine band stationed across the street played ''Nearer My God to Thee," while every head was bowed and many eyes were dimmed. The ead strains of the sweetly familiar hymn, the huBh that had fallen upon the scene and" the grief mirrored on thonsand of faces marked the picture with shadings that years cannot efface from the me- mory of those who stood about the bier of the dead President. After the casket had been placed in the hearse the remainder of the party entered their carriages and took their places in the procession. 1 thof--e who gazed upon her as the central figure and discolored face. The public at large were testified then admitted, and hundreds of persons coun- mournful and conduct by their reverential tenances the sorrow which they experienced in looking upon the features or tneir muruereu Preaident. The body lay In state day and night until the Friday evening. A detail of 40 members of ser- tendered their Army of the Cumberland vices to act as a guard of honor. As the shadows of night began to fall, the vast dome of the Capitol was illuminated and the dim drapings of light, falling upon the mournful the rotunda and upon the still face of the dead President served but to heighten the solemnity. At 11:20 two closed carriages drove to the esat lower entrance of the Senate wing, and the occupants alighted, and passed up the private room. All the etalrs to the corridors and passage ways upon the uiain floor of the Senate were quickly barred to all callers', and instructions were givers by the. sergeant-at-armto employees and the captain of police on to keep themselves hidden in the recess duty, of the windows and doors while Mrs.- Garfield t passed through to the rotunda The- rotunda was entirely cleared, the guard of honor retiring from view for a time. In a few minutes the little procession emerged ; from the room and passed around Ihrcugh the and deserted main passage way of the silent Sergeantat-armbuilding. .Bright leadMrs. followed Garfield, leaning on ing. Then arm of General Swain; Harry ' Garfield, the Mollie and Miss Rockwell. Colonel and Mrs. Rockwell and Attorney General MacVeagh and Mrs, jSwain. Not a sound was heard, save footsteps on the floor, as the little company entered in sombre garments of deepest mourning, passed silently on to mingle their fears and prayers and pay the last earthly tribute over the casket which sealed from view the form and features of the dead and loved husband, father and friend. After remaining about twenty minutes la the ' rotunda they returned quietly and with the same privacy that marked their entrance, and passing through to the Senate wing, entered the carriage and returned to the residence of the attorney general. n, . , Vice-President- 's (, s, 1 : , Vice-President- . : 's s ' ; 1 President Arthur's followed immediately after the hearse, and in it were Mr. Arthur, Secretary Blaine, Chief Justice Wai te and Secretary Win -dora. The carriage containing Mrs. Garfield and ' daughter was driven down Pennsylvania Avenue to Four and street, and thence to the of dwelling Attorney General' Mc Veagh; whose was she guest during her stay in the city. With muffled drums and solemn funeral diige the procession moved slowly up the Avenue. A" dense mass lined the sidewalks all the way from Sixth street to the east front of the Capitol, and along this portion of the route the crowd was ap- d guards of honor to accompany the remains of or the 1 unite!. states rrom late parently as great as upon the occasion of the late j ' tne . . rresioent . 1 r I r. I President's inaugural procession. The compari. .. ... ..... son between ihe two occasions was doubtless in continue wun mem until iney were consigned to numerous tor-roand of minds, their final resting plao. many exprcfrsipns were heard at the sad contrast. As the proAbout I 'I o'clocfc, midnight, the stream of peo-pi- e cession moved up the Avenue scarcely a sound who visited the capitol to take a last glance was heard save that of the feet of moving men at the casket which contained the remains of and horses. Hats were removed and heads bowed President Garfield was sensibly diminished, and as by a common Impulse of deep and unfeigned as the night wore on it ceased almost entirely. A few groups of persona passed through the rogrief. At the east front of thti capitol building a vast tunda after that hour but it was not until dayhad to view to any conthe funeral assemblage congregated light that the crowd augmented " ' ' cortege. At the foot of the stepa there was a siderable extent. double file of senators and representatives headThe doors of the rotunda were closed at 10.50 ed by their officers, waiting in respectful silence and all persons except the sergeant-a- t arms, to escort the remains into the rotunda. At pre their assistants and the guard! 'of honor were cisely 5.10 p.m. the head of the sad procession obliged to leave the hall. moving around thesouth side of the capitol, ar The floral offerings had been rearranged the rived at (he east front, the armsof tjie military wreath, of Queen Victoria had a central position. On either side were great floral crosses and a being reversed and the band3 playing a dead march. The order was then given to carry magnificent floral pillow at their base, inscribed arms and the troops came to a front face, while "Our Martyred President," ?The Gates Ajar," to a muffled beat of the drums the , hearse and "Knights of Malta" and 'GarfleTd Union Vete-- : its attendant train of carriages drew felowly up rans," all beautiful offerings. The whole an-j in front of the escort. A hush came over the pearance of the catafalque was tasteful and multitude and heada were reverently uncovered gant; as the ca9ket was carefully lifted from the Hundreds of bouquets were brought. One hearse. The officers of the army and navy drew from Richmond was a large white floral angel up In parallel lines on either side of the hearse about the size of a child five years old and the marine band playe I again "Nearer My a silver trumpet. It was suspendedholding over God to Thee," as with solemn tread the rethe coffin. This was the gift of James Worm-ley- , mains of President Garfield were home into the the colored hotel keeper. rotunda and placed upon the catafalque, the At 1.45 o'clock, the" doors of the rotunda were Senators and Representative preceding and to arrive was Knights opened; The first section ' ranging themselves on each 4 le of the dais. , Beauzanut Templars, Commandery of BaltiClose behind the casket walked President Armore. They entered in full regalia, but did not thur and Secretary Blaine, who were followed remain in the hall, simply passing around the by Chief Justice Wai te and Fcretary Wlndom catafalque In double file. Four of their number, General Grant and Secretay Hunt, Secretary birKuight Stevens, Lawton, Bicder and JenLincoln and Attorney General MaeVeaKh. Secnings, bore floral offerings in the shape of an imretary Kirkwood and Postmaster-Genera- l James. mense maltese cross, which was reverently Col. Rockwell and Gen. Hwam anl Col. Corbin pliced at the head of the dais. ' and Private Secretary Brown. At 2.10, members of the Army of the At 5.25 p, m. the lid of the caket was opened filed in by the door from the and the face of the late President Senate Chamber,and took theleading wasexposed seats reserved for President Arthur and Beo- -; them. doors after were the thrown Immediately BJaine reury approached and: tared upon the open to all holders of ticket. In 10 minutes fice f the dedr and then slowly nd adly t n a choir eat .n..f ju'ii.. - . 1 . ti AliBHeura, puuuo were pEtpWk4yt filled. Soon members of the diplocompletely Sergeant Bright, and one by one thai matic corps arrived and were ushered to seats reprsnt (tranced and glanced at the emaciated served for them. The miliUry portion of the , one-hal- f 7 . 1 ! X ft 1 I w , -- Cum-berlan- d f11 -- -- at-Ar- . B procession, which escorted ther remains to the front depot, formed in front, and facing the east holddistrict with the of the Capitol, military ing the right of the line. The crush for admittance into the Capitol resulted in breaking down the ropes placed to restrain the crowd, and before they were replaced an entrance. mauy without tickets obtainedsoon filled and were The seats in the rotunda I. The entrance of further admittance denie Gen. Grant, President Arthur, accompanied by caused nearly the whole audience to rise in order to get a good look at them. They advanced slowly to their respective seats in the front row, next to that of the cabinet. Arthur was grave and dignified, his tall figure dwarfing that of Grant. The latter wore his usual fixed expression. Hayes entered soon after The silence of the near Grant. and took a seat unbroken was crowded rotunda except by the rustling of ladies' fans. Arthur, in entering, leaned upon the arm of Secretary Blaine. ImHayes, mediately after followed by and Mrs. Mrs. and Windom, Secretary Secretary Lincoln, Secretary and Mrs. Hunt, Attorney General and Mrs. Mac Veagh, Secretary KirkJames. Mrs. wood and Postmaster-Genera- l Garfield and the immediate family were not present at the ceremonies. There was some little confusion in seating the diplomatic corp, representatives of the army and navy, senators and memlwrs of the House of Representatives, occasioned by a change on the part of some one in charge of the arrangement in not reserving a sufficient number of seats. At o'clock every seat was filled and all available standing room occupied. The services were opened by Rev. Dr. Powers promptly at 3 p. ru. He ascended the dais, and briefly announced the opening hymn, "Asleep in Jesus, blessed 6leep," which wai rendered by a chorus of fifty voices. Rev. Dr. Rankin ascended the platform at the head of the catafalque and read, in a clear, distinct voice, the followiug selections of scriptures; "The Lord reigneth; the floods have lifted up their voice, the Lord on liigh is mightier than the voice of many waters; clouds and darkness are around about him, righteousness and judgment are the habitation of hia throne; by him kings reign and princes decree j us tice; hechang-et- h times and seasons; he re move th kings and setteth up kings, for there is no power but of God. . The powers that be, are ordained of God. Whosoever, theiefore, resisteh the power, the ordinance ef od, and by that resistance' shall receive to themselves damnation," and some passages from St. John and the Gospels with exceeding effect. Rev. Dr. Isaac Everett then offered prayer. He spoke in a clear but low tone, and with much 'evidence of deep feeling. As the closing words of the prayer died away, the Rev. F. D. Power, of Vermont Avenue Christian Church, of which President Garfield was a member, delivered a feeling address. He Bpoke in a clear voice and was distinctly beared In every portion of the hall. At the conclusion of Dr. Powers' address, Rev. J. G. Butler offered a prayer. The reverend gentleman, in conclusion, paid an eloquent and touching tribute to Mrs. Garfield, referring .'to the noble and Chjistian spirit which she had exhibited in her hour. of sorrow and tribulation and exhorted her to look t God in the days of her affliction. Heinvoked divine blessings on the fatherless children, that the sous should, under the, benediction of God, grow. up to nobleman-hod- , and that the bereaved daughter might rise into glorious womanhood and live to be a comfort to her widowed mother. He besought God to have pity on the dear old mother over tbe mountains, waiting for the dead body of her darling son, now that she was old and eray haired. The funeral ceremonies were concluded at about 4 p. m., when the casket was at once removed to the hearse, In waiting at the east front of the Capitol. A few minutes later the procession marched through. A military escort preceded the heane, which was followed by a long line of carriages, tfro abreast. The military marched up the avenuerto the depot and dl? persed, and the c eket was taken at once to the train in waiting at the Baltimore and Potomac depot. The sidewalks of the avenue at and intersecting the street corners were thronged with thousands of spectators. Mrs. Garfield was taken on board the train without attracting any attention. The funeral trsfn war the ssm tised onth trip from --Long Branch with two additional cars.; The first was a baggage car and the second was occupied by Mrs. Garfleld; her daughter and sdQ, Mrs. Reed, Ex-Pre3ide- nt ex-Pre- st. re-siste- th , 