WOMAN'S EX.PONENT. their kind feelings for him and his aged Lfa The table was spread with some of the felt blessed choicest bounties of earth and all the peace of temporally and spiritually. May in their declining heaven rest upon them B. Snow and Riser were the years. Sister Ann committee in this praiseworthy affair, and may us to do good to the Lord help them and all of and all who the aged, the feeble, the fatherless need comfort, and in blessing we will be blest. M. P. Y. Letters from St. George inform us that on sotnrdav Feb. 5. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith miles and Zina D. Young, visited Price City five Relief Society from St George, met with the at 10, A. M. and organized a Primary Association in the afternoon returning to St. George exthe same night. On Monday morning they will visit the pected to start for Kanab; they different branches in that stake and will probtwo weeks. ably be absent from St. George in that vicinity in They are doing a great work women and organizing and reorganizing the children and in awakening a desire for spiritual Samuel and Rebecca Roskelly, borne at mond,Cache Co, March 1 8 th , 1 802. 141 We love thee E. R. Snow! The magic name I hear it whisjered by the wind, andliildreu's voices catch the sound and sing it high and free. The hearts of thousands stir and murmur out a prayer. Old hands are held to Heaven to call down years upon her life, and little babies coo the song of love they cannot speak. All join our anthem as we pray God bless thee, E. II. Rich- - Deceased de- parted this lifeshortly after giving birth to a fine son. Sister Zina was a woman of noble mind," an amiable and affectionate disposition, had gained the love and esteem of all her associates; she was deeply attached to her parents; her mother departed this life not long since; there will be a joyful reunion. Well may it le said of Zina , that she was a faithful daughter, a loving wife and a true Latter-da- y Saint. Her funeral was attended by a large assembly of her relatives and friends. Our Brother feels deeply the loss of his young companion, but can only bow .in. submision to the will of the Lord, as He taketh unto himself whom He will, and will comfort and bless the bereaved who trust in him. M. L. Wooj.f. Snow. St. George, Jan. 21,1881. LETTER OF GEN. WASHINGTON. "When Gen. Washington was at West Point, New berg, in 1779. He wrote a letter to Dr. Cochran, the Director General of the Hospitals, which will Well serve to show a specimen of the homely fare of 'his table, and serve as a vestige of the Hasbrook House and its concomitants, to wit: West Point, Aug. 10, ADDRESS TO ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH. WRITTEN BY RUSA YOUNG GATES. Relief Society weeks 13th, Ward of this city is spending a few in St- - George and enjoying to a great degree the seems to have good spirit and influence which such a salutary effect upon all who visit the Sister Rachel R. Grant Pres. Temple. Pen Sketch of an Illustrious Woman is nec Or Was essarily delayed again also Jesse Burns, It Fate. We commend to the attention of our readers the serial now in course of publication entitled Living Links. It is all true and deserves being well read. The other continued articles are also strictly true. Life Incidents contains items of Church Hjstory, and many interesting important matter the journal of Pres. Heber C. Kimball the father of the writer. Our readers some of them Whit-ne- y have mistaken the identity of Helen Mar. confusing her with "Mother Whitney," and Kimattributing the articles to her. Helen Mar from ball was the daughter of Prest. Heber C. and Vilate Murray Kimball,and isthe wife of Horace K. Whitney eldest son of Bishop Newel K. and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, lovingly designated, "Mother Whitney" by the people among whom in good works and faithfulness to the interest of Zion she has lived over half a century. OBITUARIES. Died: In Fillmore City, January 21st 1881. Tamson P. wife of Roy H. McBride and daughter of Janvin and Sophia Dame: born January mh 1843, McGarysvill. Hancock Co. 111. She was an excellent wife and exemplary home is mother, her loss is keenly felt and her 80 indeed left desolate; Her sickness lasted days and her sufferings were great all of which she bore with patience; she frequently spoke of death but always with calmness and resignation. A little while before she died she spoke in a clear distiect voice, but in a language not understood by those present, at least for fifteen minutes closing with a fervent "Amen," then bid" ding her friends all "Farewell" passed peace- childfully and quietly away. She leaves four ren and has gone to meet the same number in n, w; that better home. She has gone, she has gone and the lone ones monrn For the mother and "wife bo dear, But they will meet again and with her reign "Where all is bright and clear. M. A. MCBRIDE. Zina Died: At Hyde Park, Jan. Young, wife of Don. C. Hyde and daughter of 24th 1881. ular demonstration yesterday. To say how' it Is usually covered, is rather tmential, and this shall be the purport of my letter. Since my arrival at this happy spot, we have had a ham, sometimes a shoulder of tncon to grace the head of the table. A piece of roast beaf adorns the hr but Autumn's sweet, full can give to our ears the dearest sounds the year fairest maiden in the morn of life, with as springtime flowdreams and hopes, is sweet but fear we feel her beauty in our soul, ersThe summer's glow, and tremble as we look. is full of care, and the noontide's heat in life, earned is given. but a little of the wealth that'sits and pursong But when the Evening, with of crown its autumn, with ple shades-t- he come, we bring our blessings. years-h- ave our we hail our Evening star, acclamations. She Queen, with joyous o'er all this people; and naTZ sun-X- e yel inborn will bask in the sweet of her songs, her deeds, women m the latter day life The pioneer of of their irs Lady ne Old England's proud proud, for he more Toht 1;:ntaUQueen vCk far justly the to her as she who, by grae imperceptible decorates the centre. When the cook has a mind to cut a figure, and this I prewe have two sume he will attempt beefsteak pies,or dishes of cralw in addition, one on each side of the centre dish,dividmg uio space and reducing the distance between dish and dish, to about six feet; which without them, would be had the nearly twelve feet apart. Of late he lias make will surprising luck to discover that apples Jtfie violence pies;, and it is 'a question if amidst,. of his efforts, we do not get one of apples,instead of having both of beef. If the ladies can put up with such entertainment, and submit to partakbut now iron, (not ing of it on plate once tin, to see become so by scouring) I shall be happy w; w Av almost foot, and a small dish of green beans The Autumn sits with crown of sheaves upon virlv throne. Sweet flowers laid there by bosom twine; and at loving hands around her of many useful her feet are heaped the fruits raiments wrought of purest gold spun ov0- the out by conquered pride; and in her hands Her staff of truth points to the narrow way. children's gratefeet are treading out the wine of all that's good ful love; her heart's a lake, where image there. Sweet may gaze and find their Your seasons bring us Spring' Dear Summer! tones chant m iov Dear Doctor: I have asked Mrs. Cochran and Mrs. Living-tobut ought I not to dine with me to apprise you of their fare? As I hate deception, even when imagination is concerned, I will. It is needless to promise that my table is large ocenough to hold the ladies of this they had evening! In the deepening sky the tiny clouds drift slow. Each pearly bank, lit up with beams of light fast fading, show gold and opal tints. The birds, with mellow notes, trill soft goodnights, and gently shake their plumage down to go to rest. The lengthening sounds glide sweetly to mine ear, and tell of all the day has done. The Morn arose with breezy breath, and called the world her own. With eager hands she grasped the time and mourned the hours that flew.. The Noon with slower steps moved down the hill and gathered up the moments, enriching them with labors done. But now the Evening comes; with quiet placid power she takes the day, and in her full embrace each hill and sweeping glade is clothed in loveliness. The moments, with their rich rewards, come dear feet. hastening on to lay them down at her The Morn was fair, the Noon was clear,. but o'er to Evening's gentle hand is pressed running into with promises fulfilled; with hopes grown to peace, certainties; with pains soothed down with fruits of time and love. 'lis - improvement. 1779. of them. Dear Sir Yours, Gkokuk Washington. ITEMS FROM LEEDS. first time we had On New Year's day for the beloved sinters E. a viwit from our honored and It Snow and'Zinal). Young. On that day they met with the Relief Society, and they certainly have the spirit of the ir office and calling upon under the sound them as all must feel who come their vi.it was truly of their voices; and I think sisters. Our Jlel rf appreciated by many of the condition under the Society is in a prosperous Wilkinson ablemnnagmentofSLster Anna met with and On the following morning they which I believe organized a Primary Association "d. w5l be of great benefit to God a in hearty all sisters join ren I believe the do good. Wes', them, and may they live long to ?to PRIMARY MEETIMG. Association of Olth Meeting of the Primary held Dec. 10th 18SQ." the l'lU Ward, Meeting opened by I. smg-Louieei- M hrblntr." prayer by Minute, of the previous meeting, watUen nSJndPPI"- - T,,e r?trent. Iamme 