WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. I remembered of riding over those grounds more than twenty:three years ago. It was Sunday then, it was Sunday now; but it was morning and Springtime then, now it was afternoon and Autumn I was then a child, who am now nearing middle age; X rode with my mother that day, it was my husband's mother; by whose side I now Eat; "meat horses," (as our little boys have it) carried us forward tnen, now we were drawn by the power, the wonderful power of steam. That old place had been my home for two years, when the call of 1858 for everybody to move south, caused my father to vacate the premises. Then it was that Sunday morning, Anril 5, my brother-in-latook my mother and her two voungest children then living, myself and little brother, to his home in Provo City. How well I remember my childish thoughts and feelings that Sunday moraine T was nino years old quite old enough to have distinct ideas of many things. I thought of my ram-blinabout over those hills and rocks, and through the sagebrush with my brothers and jsisters; and wondered it we should never come back to walk there any more. And a still more serious feeling was also present with me my baby brother was sleeping there; at least, the lovely little form which they had boxed up and buried in such a deep, deep place in the ground ! We were going to leave that little grave by the house all alone! Would the good angels be sure to remember and see that no harm should come to it ? What was denth ? Should I like to die and leave my dear, lovfno-parentand friends? No! I remember of thinking that I should not like to die, evtn for the sake of seeing my two baby brothers, of both of whom I thought with the tenderest love and solicitation. All these memories, and many more, passed vividly through my mind the other day, while we were half circling around the old place I uicuuuiicu. xaca ioiio wea a lon train of thoughts upon the resurrection and "kindred w gs s uc topics. Brother and Sister Cornaby, whose acquaintance we happily formed during the late General Conference, gave us so warm and cheering a welcome to their home in Spanish Fork, that if the latter portion of our journey had seemed somewhat chilly, all its unpleasantness was soon forgotten. Being quite fatigued, mother remained with Sister Cornaby that night, and, in fact, during most of the time of our stay in the settlement. But after supper, kindly conducted by Brother Cornaby, I went to find the special object of our visit, "Sister Morgan." Here I found another hearty welcome awaited me, not only from the dear old lady herself, but also from her family connections. Brother and Sister Lewis, and later several- - of their sons and daughters, all of whom seem to be happily married and engaged in the laudable enterSaint families. prise of raising fine Latter-da- y The next morning Sisier Morgan went with me to see mother, and we spent a verv pleasant forenoon with Si.-tCornaby. Of this estim- able lady and her hnsband I will say, ttey need but to be known to be appreciated by those who can appreciate true worth of character. After dinner, Siiter Ann M'Lean came to escort us to the Mary house, where the joint meeting was tomeeting commence at two o clock p tm. This dear woman seers to have a full share of young public responsibilities apportioned to her, she being Secretary of the Relief of which Sister Ferguson is President, Counselor to Sisterilary Morrison, who presides oyer the organization of you n- - ladies At the meeting house we greeted and were greeted in turn by many friends, including "Ma Smoot" and Sister John, from Provo. These sisters, holding the presidency of- the Stake organization of the Relief Society, gave much good instruction fo their sisters in Spanish Fork. Sister Thurber, from the South, was also present, and gave a very interesting address. Sister Ilhoda Snell, the veteran silk raisar of Spanish Fork, and President of the Silk Association in that place, made an excel-'len- t speech in favor of home manufacture. I was most interested with the children, and. talked to them and of them most; not only because I was requested to do so, but because the spirit so directed me. Mother felt too feeble to address the congregation, but before meeting opened, I heard her relate a circumstance, which seemed to me so beautiful, in connection with the children's meetings, that I thought it wor- thy ot being remembered and recorded. She 8aidf that more than thirty years ago the children of the Latter-da- y Saints used to have their little meetings, and sing and pray and bear testimony, and sometimes they would give blessings and speak in tongues and prophesy. She was at one of these meetings with her little son, then a baby. Sister Ellen Rockwood conducted the meeting and interpreted for those children who spoke in tongues. President Joseph Young, who presided so long over the Seventies, was there, and the children placed their hands upon his Head and blest him, and he wept for joy. They also blesUhe babe which mother had taken to their meeting, and said he should become a man of great faith and wisdom in Israel, and should go to his mother's country and there proclaim the glad tidings of the Gospel of salvation; which has been literally fulfilled. , After meeting, all the visitors, and quite a number besides, were invited to Sister Ferguson's, where wo partook of an excellent supper. The people of Spanish Fork live well, and well they may. Most bountiful harvests of grain, fruit and honey have thi3 year crowned their labors. More than three thousand dollars' worth of dried fruit, we were informed, has been purchased of individuals by their cooperative store. Another meeting was held in the evening, under the auspices of the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association, to which all young and old were invited. In this meeting 1 think all enioved the Snirit of t.h JrA ,rw1 rejoiced in the determination to serve Him henceforth with all diligence. The testimonies the exhortations and the instructions all tended to show that the speakers feltgiven well in their religion, and were calculated to make their hearers feel the same. Mother and I returned homo by the half past six train Tuesday morning, thankful for the many blessings which had attended us, and lor the many kind evidences that our visit to bpanish Fork had not been a fruitless mission ' - er jWy, Penrof the also teacher their Primary Aviation' She district these position I believe she fillsschool. tatisfaction to her friends and .not always to hemelf. stf All THE PRIMARY FAIR AT PROVO. The Children's Fair of Provo took plac dent- zina Y. AY llliams, m the Third Ward Assembly Rooms. At the commencement hour the Hall was filled with visitors, and the aUen. dance mcreased 'the largely nn? - during day. eu o tCrm.9Athe kbor3 of the children7 The ar id ll,?t,had exhibits been the7 ould be credit l show indeed a for home industry when those children come to riper years. the Superintendent's direction, the exh.bmon wa, then declared formally opened Zlt nCwf SbM 7 QJ - Sarah E. Cluff, Stake Secretary Utah Primary Association. GOSHEN PRIMARY FAIR. The Primary Association of Goshen held their Fair on the 24th of September last. We were visited by Sisters Zina Y. Williams, President of P. A. Utah Stake, and Mary Jane John, her Counselor, who gave us much good instruction and advice in relation to our duties, as the children of the who had sacrificed so much for the parents of the kingdom of God upon the upbuilding earth. They gave us excellent advice, by precept and example, in relation to many duties that devolve upon us. Ihe time was well and profitably spent, and it was a feast for both old and young. The little ones displayed zeal in their endeavors to accomplishuntiring what they had undertaken for the occasion. There was homemade bread cake and popcorn, tidies, mottoes, aProns kes, hayrack, rJSXiTf by hand,iidevery-- S MnqUllK' doJ,9Ldres haDds of c ttle ones ?JL rhere was a little churn made for the occasion, to be worked by horse,steam or water EITJf31 10 .Wfied for' brother ftrumente on exhibition, in a brief and lucid manned 'iV0' ' in- deed beautiful exhibits would be an injustice to some, and hence a very brief outline sketch must suffice. Four Wards occupied a corner each, and the Fifth Ward the middle of the room. Ropes were placed around the room, from which hung a variety of quilts, of which we counted upwardsof twenty, tidies in as crreat a number, and netted, knit and embroid- ered work, besides a grand display of dress articles. Upwards of twenty yards of carpet, too, were on exhibition, the rags for which were prepared by boys. Each ward's display of fancy .work consisted of various, wax and woollen flowers and fruit, in globes and on vek vet background. Eleven pounds of cocoons, raised by a girl ten years old, called forth many eulogies, as, indeed, did the various wreaths, baskets and seed frames. Specimens of carving from wood, in form of brackets, ' fence models, wagons, etc., also oil paintings, bQttles of homemade wine, a pair of riveted .halters and a variety of garden vegetables are among the boys' production. The girls' tables showed an elegant and tempting spread of eatables, chiefly in the form of pastry and preserves. An intermission was announced from 12 m. to 1 p. m., when visitors were- again allowed to como in and witness what the children had done. At two o'clock they were called to order by Prest. Williams, and the children sang, "In our lovely Deseret." One from each ward then favored the company with a song or recitation. Bishop Tanner then made a few pleasing remarks, saying he felt gratified to see what had been done toward improving the minds and developing the energies of the young, and wished them to continue to advance in the good work. Closed by asking God to bless the children of the Latter-da- y Saints, President Smoot considered the work done highly commendable, and desired the young to become acquainted with the arts and sciences as well as. their religion, as that would bring this kingdom in advance of all others in all things. He encouraged the officers to continue in patient labor, and closed by asking the blessings of God to rest upon all who were interested in the welfare of the children of Zion. The Fair continued until nine o'clock in the evening, to accommodate those who could not come during the day. The evening was also interspersed with songs and recitation. never-to-be-forgott- en delived a brief pleasing address, referring A specification of any of the varied. and Ed-iTl- r- 