The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1, 1881. Vol. 10. by the bye, over twelve thousand copies have already been sold, and ten thousand are to be issued very soon, Sister Eliza, with her quickness of discernment saw the necessity of a Tune Book, to accompany the Hymn Book, and set about preparing it immediately. She arranged the hymns to selected music, although most of the musical composition was original THE PRAISE OF CHARITY. 13th chapteb of 1st cobinthians. Had I the power to Bpeak with tonguo Of angel from the highest sphere, As eonndiug brass I should become, If charity were wanting here ! And though I stood as one of old To prophecy of things to come, ' . with our people; this she carefully compiled No. 13. Like a beacon that rises o'er ocean's wave, There's a light there's a life beyond the grave ; The future is bright, and it beckons me on "W here the noble and pure and tho bravo have gone ; Those who battled for truth with their mind and might, With their garments clean and their armor bright : They are dwelling with God in a world on high ; Bary me quietly when I die. E R S S Salt Lake City, July, 1881. 'for the publishers previous to her visit to St. With language apt, and spirit bold, Or with the gift of unknown tongue; Or could 1 by my faith remove The mountain from its pristine site; Or all the hidden mysteries prove, And lay them bare to human sight Before the Omniscient eye of God, He has declared I still should be "As nothing I "but a humble clod Charity I If lacking Heaven-bor- n George last winter. The Tune Book has been a great help to those who have charge of the Sunday Schools, as well as the Primary Associations, and is now used in nearly every settlement in Zion. It proves the versatility of talent possessed by this clever woman, and shows what one may accomplish even at what is considered an advanced age, by application and continuity. Her labors for the children,of Zion have been almost unceasing, and she is at the present time diligently engaged in compiling a series of books of recitations and dialogues for their especial benefit. The following poem, composed for the purpose of closing this history of her Jife was handed to me some time since (you may perhaps wonder I should forget it), and furnishes another reason for my postscript. The lady speaks for herself her own sentiments, expressing her ideas of the vanity of all earthly fame as compared with the glories of futurity, if we secure the prize which the Apostle designates as "the mark " of the high calling in Christ Jesus:" K B. W. And tho' my goods to feed the poor I give assuming saintly guise, The Omniscient Judge would close the door Of mercy from before mine eyes, If charity did not propel The motive spring of action here ; And vain 'twould be for me to tell I'd fed, and clothed, and shed the tear! And though upon the funeral pyre My body to be burned I'd given, If charity did not inspire All closed would be the gate of heaven J strong, uncompromising creed In thrilling words is here laid down ? Assist thy people in their need, Or, Father, they will lose their crown "XT "What 1 BURY ME QUIETLY WHEN I DIE. And now the sweet and gentle form Of charity Is held to view, By pen Omniscient she is drawn Exemplar there for me, and you ! When my spirit ascends to the world above, To vmite with the choirs in celestial love, Let the finger of silence control the bell, To restrain the chime of a funeral knell : Let no mournful strain not a sound be heard By which a pulse of the heart is stirred No note of sorrow to prompt a sigh : Bury me quietly when I die. She sufiereth long is ever mild, Endnreth all things, day and night, Believeth all things, as a child, And hopeth all things good and bright. When all the elements decay, And prophecies and tongues 6hall fail, I am aiming to earn a celestial Blest charity shall soar away Beyond creations' boundless pale! And now abideth faith and hope And charity! these holy three ! For all there is immortal scope, But oh! their crown is charity! Hah n ah T. Salt Lake City, Nov. 7, 1881. merit a heavenly, pure renown ; And.Tvhethcr in grave or in tomb I'm laid Beneath the tall oak, or tho cypress shade ; Whether at homo with dear ftiends around, Or in distant lands, upon stranger ground-Un- der wintry clouds, or a summer sky : I die. Bury me quietly when c What avails the parade and the splendor here, To a legal heir to a heavenly spuere ? To heirs of salvation what is the worth, In their perishing state, the frail things of earth? What is death to the good, but an entrance gato That is placed on the verge of a rich estate, Whero commissioned escorts are waiting by ? , Bory me quietly when 1 die. PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. Eliza R. Snow Smith. concluded. P. S. It has been said that a woluanV crown-- To , y letter-i- s never finished without a postscript, for she is sure to forget some idea or sentiment' which must be added; and in the present instance I beg the indulgence of my readers - for forgetting one important item in the history of Sister ihza, which should be chronicled among her other literary works of merit I have sought in this Den sketch of her life to gather up all lacts which would tend to stimulate the young to follow in her footsteps, and also to record the real work of this venerable lady; that the faints might comprehend and. appreciate her Wultifknons labors. Directly jiOerissuing the Primary Hymn Book for the children, of which, - On the "iron rod" I have laid my hold ; If I keep the faith, and like Paul of old Shall "have fought the good fight," and Christ the Lord Has a crown in store with a full reward Of the holy Priesthood in fulness rife, With the gifts and the powers of an endless life, And a glorious mansion for mc on high: Bary me quietly when I die. When the orb of day Blnks down in tho west) When its light reclines on tho evening's crest-W- hen the lamp in the socket is low and dim-W- hen tho cup of life Is filled up to tho brim-W- hen the golden Autumn's brief glass has run, And gray Winter" with whitening tread moves on When the arrow of death from ita bow shall fly; me quietly when I die . , .,, SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. A thousand and one opinions are being daily expressed concerning the polygamous "Mormons" and their destiny, but the more they try to solve the problem the harder and more intricate it becomes, which is the natural conse- quence of ignorance. The results which they predict would be inevitable were it the work or scheme of men, but as it is the work of the great God, whe will not behold iniquity with any degree of allowance, and having promised that the kingdom shall not be given to any other people; if we sin He will punish, and if we go astray He will chasten us. Every principle which the Lord reveals for the exaltation of mankind may be perverted, which leads to degradation, and even to everlasting damnation. There always has been and always will be those who pervert the ways of the Lord. The tares must grow with the wheat until the harvest. would have died "Mormonism," a natural death years ago if it had been the "fraud" which the world represents it. The schemes and threats of men have but little weight with those who have been made familiar with them from their earliest remembrance, and have become accustomed to the sound, as we do to the idle winds or the barking of a few curs. The conflict is between them and our God, who has never forsaken His people; but He does not expect us to sit, quietly down and fold our hands in idleness, while our enemies are publishing their outrageous falsehoods to blind the eyes of the weak or credulous to the most glorious truths of heaven, and to throw ignominy and dishonor upon our people, more especially the women and innocent children, who are as much farther advanced in the ways of God and the order of heaven, as our slanderers are in the road to perdition, but to use every honorable means to defend ourselves against their vile attacks. The following truthful description of the Prophet Joseph and his brother, Hvrum, I think very appropriate at the present time, and it is quite a treat to read the sentiments of unmen, who could biased and JU'beral-minde- d afford to give due credit even to "Mormons." It was written to James Gordon Bennett by a correspondent of the New York Herald, who was stopping in the city of the Saints, which he designated as the "nucleus of a Western so-call-ed, Empire: "Joseph Smith, the President of thex Church, years Prophet, Seer and Revelator, is thirty-siof age, six feet high in pumps, weighing two hundred and twelve pounds. He is a man ofthe highest order of talent and great inaependence of character firm in integrity, anc VA voted to his religion: in fact, he is;a' "parse, as President 'Tyler would say. As a public 