WOMAN'S EXPONENT. glorious transit, recalling the days of their life, and the glory of them, recalling their words, their looka,their power of attraction their power to benefit, mankind, to benefit and elevate nations, recalling that last speech those last words that last luo.k,that bust pressure of the hand. Leave me alone for I will weep yet time-honor- and-elev- ate Jongcr. THERE'S A STRANGE WILD GLEAM. j i RY M. J. TANNER. There's wild gleam in the moonlight's grow, And a soft low voice in tho air Ah it glimmers across the drifted snow, That carries me back to the old starlight. When the moon hone down to cold and clear, And the hoar-fro6- t glistened on tree and bough, And memory pauses to drop a tear O'er the buried hopes of the long ago. t; a strange glow comes to my heart And wild and sharp its depths are stirred And my pulses thrill with a strange delight. Awaked by the sound of a little word. For Oh ! in tho past, there are graves so deep, Where bkeleton forms are hidden from view And sadly wi've paused o'er the sods to weep As the long swift years have carried us through. 1 hare's Tho to-nigh- t, spirits that glide o'er tho waters may weep, And tho cold dark waves a requiem swell: but the low wild wailof the watere keep, secret their voices may never toll, Though tho soundiug sutge of the watery main, Will awaken thoughts that had gone to rwt, And the 6ighing wind o'er the sandy plain Will sob like a chlfd on its mother's breast The SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. VLIZ-- It. SNOW SMITH. CONTINUED. Sister Eliza's visits while in the Holy Land to tho places of note are all thrilliugly set forth in the Book of Letters published come time after the return of the Palestine party, and would be instructive to our young people. On Sunday March the 2nd. 1873, President George A. Smith and party, Sister Eliza included, went on horseback to the Mount of Oliver and ascended the summit. They Bent before them tent, table, seats and carpet. On this Mount is the "Church of Ascension' which they visited; it is said to :tand on the very spot where Jesus ascended. The tent was pitcheLaud Service was conducted there afo.T the manner of the Holy priesthood as revealed iu this dispensation; strange must it have seemed to those Pilgrims, so to speak.to gather upon this sacred Mount, so famed in Scripture, and renowned throughout all civilized lands, and where Jesus spoke to the people, hundreds of years before, dedicate and consecrate that land anew, to the gathering of the Jews and the rebuilding of Jerusalem. Strange too that a woman should take part in this peculiar work as did Eliza at that time iu worshiping in that holy place, permitted to wander where in that remaikable era wandered Mary the mother of Jesus and Elizabeth. A sort of link to bind the women of that wonderful age to the women of this latter dispensation. The day following the Sabbath spent upon the Mount of Olives, Sister Eliza visited the "Masque of OmarT "famous among Mohammedans. She says "it is the best Edifice in Jerusalem." There were many interesting places and things' to attract one like her in traveling up and down this laud of the past, On the evening of the 4th, the Jewish Rabbi Abraham Askenasi and three otheracalled upon President Smith's party at their tent, and the "Mormons', ;md Jew? had a mot interesting interview " Sister Eliza wa3 charmed "with the scenic view of the surroundings of this ancient site of memories, "and it was with some considerable emotion and a "feeling of reluctance" that she bade Jerusalem farewell. On the 5th, the party resumed their journey, passed the "Gibbeah of Saul," and rode on to Bethel, the place of Jacob's vision, and encamped in a mountainous romantic spot where olcar, pure water flowed from the almost pcr- rocks. The next day they passed pendieular . if ci i i it i inc mosque oi oniion; me country was exeea-ingl- y picturesque: they stopped at Jacob's Well near the entrance to the valley, between Mt. Ebal and Mt. Geriziin. Here the party took every bit of cord and rope attainable and drew water from this celebrated well, Near this well is the place where it is supposed Jesus asked the Samaritan woman for water. - Traveling on and passing Scriptural places almost continuously, they reached at length "the memorable city of Nazareth. Sister Eliza says Nazareth is a dirty town almost filthy and contains a large number of beggars; ana that she was forcibly reminded of the question of Nathaniel "Can any good come out of Nazareth?" Notwithstanding the poverty of the place Jhc peOple in personal attire are cleanly, many of.-them dressing in pure white from top to toe, and in this respect do not at all correspond with the views of their dwellings from the outside, which are neglected and untidy in appearance- But the city (Nazareth) is immortalized as being the home of our blessed Savior here upon the earth. .While there Sister Eliza tells us of a large company of Armenians on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem. She says, "I walked into their midst and the closer view ... increased for jxor, degraded hummanity." my heart-ach- e Leaving Nazareth the Palestine tourists passu! over the plains of Galilee; and from time to time saw many wandering Arabs, or Bedouins, traveling from nlace to plaee.with their families, flocks and Iienls7" aiH venient for agriculture,pasturage and such like . "I thought Possibly Sister Eiiza herself, scarcely conceived all the peculiar grandeur of this journey, or realized its oearingin full force while traveling over these once consecrated, but now somewhat desolated plains and places of renown; but we will venture to assert that no woman holding the same rank and prestige, be she queen or princess, has ever trod those immor- talized Tilains since the days of Mary and Elizabeth. Eliza has been permitted "by the grace of God," to stand in holy places, and pause by the surging waters, memorable forever from historical association with Jesus, Mary and their in that dispensation. To even mention all these points of interest would scarcely be consistent with our space, but we must pause at the beautiful Sea of Galilee, so famed in the history of our Savior. Here as at almost all the eminently, remarkable points in the journey; the inspiration of the Muse drew forth from this "Mormon" poetess, sojourning in the Hebrew land what we designate a song of the sea. It is how ever entitled, "At the Sea of Galilee." No doubt the most sublime and holy emotions filled the soul of this gifted woman, as she stood as it were entranced in the visions ,'of the marvelous past, the fruitful present and the glorious future. Endowed with blessings and powers from under the hands of the prophet of the last dispensation she possessed a talisman to unravel much that would be closed to others, and like a daushter of the Psalmist she poured forth ia musical rhythm a few of her thoughts by this Scriptural Sea, of we a verse nicn or two. give "I havo stood on the ehoro of the beautiful acs co-labor- The rcnown'd and immortalized Galilee, When 'twaa wrapp'd In repose at eventide, L&8 a royal queen in her regal pride. presentthe past; it seemd That tho silent sea with tnstrnctlon teem'd; For often, indeed, the heart can hear ed What nercr, in sound, has approached the ear. V "There's a depth in the soul, that's beyond the reach Of arfearthly sound of all human speech, A fiber too sacred and pure to chime With the cold, dull music of Earth and Time. . "Again when the shades of night, wero gone, la. the clear bright rays of the morning dawn, I walked on the bank of this Sea, Where onca our Redeemer was wont to be." l-- purposes. of the self-sam- e While Sister Eliza walked by the Sea of Galilee, there, came a young daughter of Juda, who after the oriental custom filled au earthen placed it "on her head and jar with walked away; she followed her and by signs gave her to understand she wished to accompany her home. The girl was pleased and on entering her home the young Jewess introduced her to her mother, they showed her their garden, and the young lady taking from her the pretty she had in her hand avc her some green branches of hyssop to which shrub she says, they seem to attach a great deal of consea-wate- wild-flowe- ' r, rs sequence; 7 , -- To be continued. THE WILL OF "GEORGE ELIOT." Tho will (dated May 6th, 1880) of Mrs. Mary Ann Cross (George Eliot),the wife of Mr. John ChelWalter Cross, late of No. 4, Cheyne-wal'22nd last, was sea, who died on December k, proved on the 9th inst., by Charles Lee Lewes, the sole executor, the personal estate," limited to the property she had power of appointment over by virtue of a settlement (dated May 4th, 1 880 ) and under the will of Mrs. Mary Evar-ard- , being sworn under 40,000. By the she then possessed settled, but also any she might hereafter acquire by exercise of her literary ekill. Tho testatrix bequeaths 5,000 to Miss Emily Clarke, 1,000 tq Vivian Byam Lewes, an annuity of 100 for her life to Mrs. Caroline Bray, and an annuity of 40 for ler life to her housekeeper, Mrs. Mary Dowling. The sum of 12,500 is Tto be set asidd, in the names of her executor and her husband as trustees, and the income paid to Mrs. Eliza Lewes, the widow of Herbert Arthur Lewes, or life or during widowhood, and on her death or second marriage, as to one moiety of the capital fund for her son, George Henrv Lewes,and as to the other moiety for her daughter, Marian Lewes. As to the residue of her property, the testatrix gives the same to the said Charles Lee Lewes, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns absoluely. ItluArated London News. fc BIRTHDAY. April 20th, 18S1 being the 76 anniversary of Sister Ann Gardner, a teacher iuour Relief Society; thcothcers and a number, of members met at her house to give her a surprise each expressed her love and good wishes in a short speech. A poem written for the occasion was composed and read by Mrs. Christina Higgins. several of the sisters gave Sister Gardner, a useful present as a token of their respect. All partook of a nice supper, social chat intermixed with singing during the evening, all felt well and enjoyed a goodly portion of the Spirit of the Lord. Sister Gardner is a Widoy and emigrated to Utah with her family from Scotland, with the hand cart company in 1856. She lias always been a god ami faithful member of the Church and is respjwf 1y' all who know her. " Louisa Taylop., See'y. 