The Bights of. tta of all Nations ! TT YoulO. ; - YOtjNG.1 jr. But if I must thy form behold In'palpable array; Drop one by one,, each screening fold. 'Aid fear shall" fle. away; ' So; kiHaty,' gently "dra w 'my breath, ' ' ' ' yblnt upward to the throne Of Hlm who laid Him down in death; And in the silent Tomb -- . To the Members of the A teociaUbn vancement of Women: ; A- - Vith' the revolution of the ear, the nie has come to invite 'you 4b fatend the annual ' meeting- of the association: This' year's; Congress; the ninth in order, will be held at Buffalo,' N, Y., at St James'' Halli October 19, 20 - ' and 21-- .i; . :r These meetings were ongiuy Memed 'iia. order to supply arneed long' felt ahtl recogniifcetl, the need of mDre extended intercourse'' and better acaint&hce aayong the women who are at once Dest ame ana' inost desirous to enlarge the opportunities: of their sex,; and to raise 'the ' f ''The coming tbetli'frbffl'a. vasfahd, Varied. ' iekieritof ; these. eountry1 of . women1 devbtet "tb 'd"6 4ntich; in; Removing ; ; objects, cannot yaU the1 limits and1 barriers 'of cif prejfidic and ! in brinHng ' otheW - gppd-feumpred- r SNOW, SMITH - ly i ..xxx i JTlde. flay "v :i:iKATEr J"ll -j ;. fiTrit ladies; til tMpKtctrceind study of medteine gave a'gard6'ft partjr oh the1 5th bf egtnl hjdndf &j& IJ6hdoh"llege Xdf Medicine foti!W6me,dl1Tt!wittexide ftehibriable com oimv if lidiek and ntftml rnahyTdf fth' inoTe of1 trife IritetnaP f&nM-' Gpfxnan and Riissian eskll'f' Ves' ofrat .th'e Augnsi-irf'th- . h-k'a- : ffy ; : ' s j ! 'cikmgiL-.t- ! into 1 ? socbtwaSiirequenlly )ing- mUch oanfiuedi tO jiuer -- . -- j : ( ; fthoser well cvefjedin Ldeisn're.ut8of:fhQ sentcfor ' the iart vof imakin . the finest artificial flowers, f;and".tifcirtoliiT;.Texsoiis iintlL'Bhe perfected ! J..--- and; orgiiliziai Primary; tiAoiationi n Salt iLakeand adioinihiOounties;vftndin assisting; officer! of thes new organizations in prac-- f.pphnp i hf Jberl - hought 0xKirredTta iec to'jinite i iinusementwith icefulhesa'durinifcr enforced r lU-a'v: d Toomav The -- ; lkcr f;-.- , j : veraT 'In her 11 Co place aniorig' the journeyings "from' 'place she has her in people teInam, m piblio 'and j ri- ji MEStiNoyespttifeaof-- the epjxjjiisterti during - her-- residelice . in u ParisJbec Ihealth being not . other1 Asgociations in i.a i - : : 1 proiessioiffeiiig amo,ng ..; 7 represmtati ntlte guests.' ' ! near ; forty e -- , . F ( i ito-'tB- T iUi'vy,:,i.i ii.'.'-f'j-i'i'-ilJ- : 4. - f : . irUUlOUB.VAlU- -' LUC GiarEhr 11Ws L'Se'cretarV.J vl:3 Ilio ji T.ll.li ijJ''l . - of May towards Malad yallev, stopping at each In December ofthat year she visi ted .Ogden J settleirienHn that vicinity. ;In each of these . andapen.t two. weekjin going through Wefcr where there were sufficient a toumbe of. ... Ckw attending ; meetings; .with Relief Societies, places lauiureu sue urgumzeu ;u jrnmary .Association,; Y. Xr.; M. I, A, and. Primary, Associations. (.; and in mnay pla reorgahizeoVthe YiLi M. I. At the residenceiOf Sister Jane S; Richards ' In falad tin? -' auGiiyrasishted A.; in Ogden Sister Eliza wad. the happy recipient presiding tborities in reorganizing' the belief Society of of two surprise parties arranged bjr .the Prinlary that place; her labors seemed indeed arduous for ..Associations of that city. The first jwiis given one of her Years, but .she eeced neither cold or by.ihe Third WardP, A, and the faext by the'kinds1 of ; weather Always' storm, traveling to. all Second Ward. Thcrerwere frojoitsixty to 8evcheerfuland ever ready Tto attend Katies renty children .on. each; occasion! i..wha.went of her missicm; and 'adrnmist'er to the sick" ;and .through a, variety v of .exercises, singing," miisic, afflicted7 hener er balled pon in' the'7blacea irecitatiDns, oujuogue3anaweru3giiuo5iiiuw..i,c. I'Ih-,- ,u hj. ,v :nx:iSlfj she visited.' bin Bister liiiza m speajtmg oi tnese occurreaces ' the she! an-nWde i to jae. saidj'I' never chill forget those two even-- ; eipafriV'sU!mtn'er ,.4niig ' other tour' 'through a large 'jpo&h of Cache,' ing3.fu!. She. alsof.' referred to the Conference of and all .of . Bear Lake; Countv1. returnin s b v theiouPriniary'. Aasociation4 ofOgden City the way of Rich County. While absent she at that v. time s the iicrowning event of .Jier f ni. v organized Primary WLssociations in the different iij.v. Jeyi, settlements ::r.'Intheiearlyopart of the year xf 188(X Sister - 0 vyxxlixiCxiU UUIA v . 1 c riu : of woman's organizations and 'to wards tne last of April attended a large' Conference in; Ogden ' ' for the skitter pur- City; thence to, Box proceeded-onihefirsf- Lr-.-i- 4 ke. In the Sfrfing of 1879, Sister Eliza1 com-- ; menced visiting the settlements in the interest mt&iir, 3i . qONTINTJEDi; :iifeeMtf "Everf ; , . , pose and from1 there1 ocjl. opens the way for some g'y6'M;li,Val- xted record of imi leads 'us to :kUk ztu ULitLsj. ui sax1 t;i. ;feteetings; rj hfe increoT ratherViha'n diininisnedj and'Wat v we,l workinc: in our' day5 ahd ' generation:! raaV leave1 behind' us results whfchAvill be helpiful; 11 'jUi: to generations yet td' coiiieV1 i i - thbest'knowMyls of eatti withiiv alli! irn treacdf 'M y&i4 roll oriHKe 'ftcWtfialailon . . u - . PEN SKETCH. OF Al j ILLUSTRIOUS - WOMAN. ..,' . for the 'Ad- ! : . go rwlthtbe,. it. d WOMAN'S CONGRESS. - Gaunt Speetre I bear me hence, My passive Soul would gladly flee v Tojrcst andjoyen tense, r, ELIZA A-an- . . ? ' " y, 'ud .' P, Al of Weber Stake and took part iq the proceedings with . Pres, John Taylor andL Apostle. F D, Richard. , .ii; - li( . i. - . I striy-I'- theirejtings. Conferences ofj Relief ;&QQje.tic$f'l. L, M.J- - - . died Why should I fear f Since He has ' To rob thee of thy sting ? : Come hither Death wha.1 e'er betide 'l'UJsoaf 'beneath' Vhy wfng! ' JThou art Ilis, Voicetp calL me hence . His Spirit guides' thy Hand, His power alone thy shafts dispense, J command T "" 'i1 "Thy Misslon-H- is No morq 1 , , t ' 1 self-sustaini-ng Enwrap thy form in rvreet disguise, i Thy Toica, in sweetest toce-- n , Stand not before my startled fcyes In thy gaunt case of bone ? , . xl 1 1 Ja v March Sister E.. R, S.;S. attended the . ; And all thy dread array; But friendly, softly gently come, And whisper in mine ear I come to bear thy spirit Home - Fly rithflie ! neTer.fear ! . , , : to conJUQt - OhJ death J wheit thou art feat ta call Mj lagging Soul away, Come not enwrapt In funeral pall ; x 10- - ; home industries and home manufacture , en-- v couraging. the sisters., all in her ppwer to set out mulberry .trees a;v4 persevere, in gpie-oever obstacle in the raising of cocoons, and promoting the silk enterprise, also in braiding straw and wearing hats and bonnets made in Utah, iustead of sending for them from abroad, andiin all matters of becoming she has ever used her utmost influence.; . Traveling among irthe people, and meeting them in their homes Sister Eliza has be?ome intimately acquainted, with many thousands, and her name, is a household, wor in tlje felling; places in Zion, JJy jthiis associating she became. more than ever conscious of the need of suitable, books for the children of the Saints to use in. the Primary. Associations, land accordingly .she decided to prepare a hymn book for the little folks, andi begun, gathering together materiaL.tQ.be useJ fpr such a work, In August after Returning from the fatiguing jourriey;through the. northern settlements Sister JEjiza traveled through Wasatch Co. She as- eisted th(f Pfesident qf that Stake- in organizing the Relief Societies and YX.M.LA., in a Stake capacity:and aJso aided eyeyal. Bisljpps in making ; reorganizations of Relief ocietes in their respective wards. In addition to tfis' she ; organized.! the children iti.jeachpf the t settle' A ,d A ments fihe visited;: n ,': The game, fall the lady .visited Sev ier Co., and whilejthere organized and 'performed like duties organizing Primary AQCAation3ft(v VtSt was at that timetJ)fe ,i;topk i what she j facetiously terra?, her "fiwquQi ridf " j t :Going"orr to GJexi- wood through :thQ:scJQoa , the charioteer took ftisi wy i ttI droye over thej iWrong, rOjiteor. , places where ,"man;never trod beforefj'; at least agt. in.this jday, and age; the road, was. so rough it was . impossible i.to keep one's seat and the The .ladies all r, party.Were. .well jumbled- up. and - tookthe joke or mistake heris said frequently, expressed r Sister Eliza, it - self as desirpus 'Ahey should come ouVof.the foresl glen "intp a '.pla0e where they at least-.spothe English language.'' . Remember dear reader this lady, j as at that time eeyenty-fiv- e compjamt of yars old,and yet she made.no has. she often told fatigue or weariness; and. me Bince' .how .magpMicqni the- scenery was through which they passed iAi thafit Eventful -- : i ' , BY HANNAH V. KING. No. OCTOBER 15, 3881. private specially dwelt Jipon the necessity , of " i'i V.iLmU ! TiTHTTTl7I ' SALT LAKE eiTYy OTAH WRITTEN IN SICKNESS, WHEN VERY "51 ' 1 rrherffiafil turn to Cincinnati to found there a class,, of r. "poor 'WomeiT, whom he wilL' instru efc in miking i i .the n est: artificial .owerx; tstiby iadistdiii -- icIIOle Vlt)V Lux LULTiq tJTi; tide. .IfUxjixojui 