WOMAN'S EXPONENT. favorable to their ten and verbal reports were advancement in the knowledge j0f the things exhortations of God Much good advice and others. and Brown given by President Coherence was adjourned for three months. Simrinfr. Benediction by L V. Robison. '. D. K. Olsen. V, V , Goshen Primary. At a meeting of the Primary' Association of Sisters Goshen, held Saturday, Nov. 12, 1881, E. R. S. Smith and Louie Felt were present. After preliminary exercises, the children's pawas read by per, called "The Morning Star," Miss Price, which contained many excellent articles. The third chapter of Matthew was " recited by four little girls, followed by a song from two little girls, select reading, and then another song; chapter from Book of Mormon, committed to memory by Lizzie Higginson; recitations by a girl and boy: After which Willie Burrowson, James Burrowson, Willie Poulson Higginson, Charley Price and George each, made a few excellent remarks. Sister Snow Smith then addressed the children, and asked them questions from the book, "Bible Questions and Answers." Sister Louie Felt, Sister Stickney, President Sarah Roberts and Bishop Price each addressed the children a few moments. The meeting closed with singing ard prayer. Louie Felt. ; 1 marks, related in a pleasing way instances of what the children were doing in the different settlements. Spoke of some Associations where they were saving the money donated, to help emigrate poor children from other countries. She asked them some questions and entreated them to improve their minds and store them .with things pertaining to the Gospel. Gave, in her most happy manner, a description of the manner r in which Indians conducted themselves in meetingof the good order they observed. . Bishop Bringhurst exhorted the chiidren to put in practice the teachings they had heard. Bro. Kelsey felt glad to see the advancement the children .were making. Many excellent things were alluded to in the remarks made and all felt amply repaid for coming together. Dismissed with" singing andprayer. Mary T; Avery, SeVy. Gunnison Primary Fair. n :15th of. October our Primary held its nrst Fair in Gunnison. People who came to see it were agreeably surprised. There were but eighty-nia- e artrcles exhibited, which, how- ever, were made by fifty-fiv- e children. There were" some beautiful little notions, as well as ndsome;YUseM articles., made a "ttie girl between fourrrand five, years of by age; A-pi- e, TRUTH vs. FICTION. TO and a 'miniature grindstone, carved in petrified white clay and white sandstone, by a boy; ten, who carved it while herding cows in the hills where he found the material. One girl seven years old exhibited two pairs of excellent stockings for children, one pair mittens, one pair garters, one necktie and a sample, all knitted. There were cradle quilts, pillow slips and lace, tidies, lamp mats, mottoes, wall pock- wool and hair flowers, work ets, match-safebaskets, a tin funnel, beautiful white salt, honey, a straw hat colored and trimmed, cabbage, onions, carrots, bread, cakes and puddings which latter articles we had reason to know were very good. Balls of carpet rags and quilt blocks were sewed by quite small girls. And considering that "great tilings have small beginnings," we look forward to grand times in the future for our Primary. ZS The proceeds from the Fair (five cents per ticket) were used to buy books for the Primary, such as "Bible Questions and Answers," "Faith Promoting Series," and "Primary Hymn Books." The children and their mothers, who took active parts in the Fair, feel that there is a wide field open even in this direction, and many were the expressions of encouragement and well deserved praise to the children that Dear Friend : You have endeavored, in g your article named above, "to prove that is a study of art." I doubt not that you have succeeded to the satisfaction and also novel-readin- nr rnmanti m n rTa tn rf rrmnv ...... .J vnun W f )i AV iniiirxr J VMUg VUJIUXVIU UUUW, J J in proving that novekreading and novel-writin- g is a noble pursuit: Allow me, in all sincerity and sobernesg, to offer my frank opinion upon d spot, which was the occasion of some competitive bidding, which greatly the industrious little pleased and encouraged ' donors. H. M. good-nature- CORRESPONDENCE. Wells: Dear Sister The Exponent ! I have had the dear little friend in my house so long, that I cannot afford to part with it now. As President of the Relief Society of this place, I . cannot do without it; it is a source of benefit and .comfort to me. There are fifteen families of Latterday Saints residing in this place at present. About one year ago our town site was selected and named Erastus, in honor of Apostle E. Snow; in a short time after he paid us a visit, and was much pleased with our location, and also the name. Brother C. G. Curtis, in digging a ditch near some old ruins, found a finger ring, which proved to be silver, worn perhaps by some dusky maiden in ages past. There are many oldrelic3 to be found all over this country, which belonged to a people so far back that none of the' present set of inhabitants can tell anything about them. We have for our Bishary extus J ohnson, a fatherly, good man. We have a Relief Society About one and Young Men's Association. Mrs. Wilmirth month ago our beloved sister, East, Stake President of the R. S., the Prihere mary President and her Counselors, were and organized the Primary Association. We have many trials of late; we have had an Indian scare, but nothing serious to us or the" su rrouu ding settlemen ts of the Sain ts. We feel to rejoice that we have been preserved. While we obey the commands of God we can claim His blessing. , Ever praying Tor my dear listers and the welfare of Zion, I subscribe myself a laborer In the great cause of truth, Ne-ph- : or-tw-o Matilda P. Killian. Herr J. von Schceffer has been appointed Austrian minister to the United States. le gained from such sources is false, and consequently must be injurious. If we speak, shall we not speak truthfully ? And how much more necessity is there, if we write, that we write the truth, since characters, even on paper, may be preserved for ages, and we know not by whom they may be read. I am uot an inexperienced person in regard to the subject in question. I have read more novels than scores of people who are much wiser than myself, and I know just what it is to follow the novelist among all the beautiful as well as thorny paths which he searches out for his followers to tread upon and scramble through, watching his beloved heroes and heroines with all the absorbing interest and anxiety of a faithful sponsor or guardian. And more. I know what it is to feel that I too have been gifted with the divine, immortal power that will enable me to interest others as I have been interested; to call forth the tenderest sympathies and work upon the finest senses of the human soul! More than once or twice have I made "burnt sacrifices" of rolls of manuscript, containing glorious characters and splendid plots, because actuated by the sixth sense, to which those ho strive toTe Saints are entitled, namely, the Spirit of God I could but see that with all their glory and with all they-- splendor, they were fake. Yes, fake, so far as 1 knew; for although I had described them as though I had known them to be true, I had never known any such thing. The admonition of the good spirit comes in different ways at different times. I had once be happily produced a portion of what was to Mora very fine drama. Opening my Book of i, mon, I read a portion of the first book of in which these words occur: "And the large and snacious building which thy father saw, is vain imaginations and the pride of the children of men." I had read the words before, but had never comprehended their mean! The ing as I did then. "Vain imaginations Spirit told me that pondering over and conjuring up objects and subjects and circumstances that never were and never will be, and pretending to give them reality, was vain imagination. Can you find any plainer interpretation of the term ? You say "the novelist is a creator. He makes his own worlds, and peoples them ," &c. But alas! they are like the Sectarian Crod, "without body, parts or passions," and has no existence anywhere. So after all, what a worth"The Blacksmith's Dream," less, creation ! which was on exhibition here a year a ago, is of more consequence than such world; for that does consist of something that can be seen, heard and handled. You say that "bv means of novels many wiuespreaa aDuses uuve ueeu wwaicuuimore tions;" but you. do not state that many evils have been more widely spread by the same means, in the shape of wasted time and talents, mistaken aims and dissipated lives. We might lives have been say that thousands of valuable saved by the judicious use of excellent brandy; and make no allowance for the millions of julives which are wrecked and lost by th that dicious use of limilar articles. But wpuld as may of the articles exhibited were donated to the Primary Association and sold on the ... 1 fcAA few To E. B, THE AUTHOR OP "LIGHT READING," IN WOMAN'S EXPONENT FOR OCTOBER 15, 1881. ... s; A The several Primary Associations of Spring ville held a joint session in the meeting house in that city Monday evening, Nov. 14, the occasion being the visit of Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith and Sister Louie Felt, who were anxious to meet with all the children of the different wards. Sister Louie Felt was chosen to preside. After singing and prayer, Sister Felt asked various questions, which were promptly answered by the little folks; and also made a few opening remarks. A song as sung, entitled "Do right," by Zina Huntington; recitation, "Not so easy," a little boy; recitation, ' Our Father in Heaven," by a number of little girls; recitation, "When'Pm a man," by a company of little boys; recitation, "The orphan's prayer," by a little girl. Sister Felt made a short speech upon subjects calculated to inspire the children with f'.iifk a.uu. ariA nnA TM' O' iaim gwu wwks. oister juiza next addressed the meeting. In the course of her re-- a beautiful rug (three weeks work) by a girl of fourteen; twenty-on-e skeins of yarn by' a girl thirteen; a. set of toy dishes, two marbles day. Springville Primary. A- 103 ; "V-v- - : 