W0 MAN'S EXPONENT. DEDICATION, OF SISTEB 8ARAH M. KIMBALL 8 JUBILEE BOX. Could I the curtain tear away That hides tho future from And look upon the reader's face, . Bent o'er the lines hereon I trace, How strange perhaps, the group would be, Who've come this treasure box to see. And very few of us, I fear, Who've placed these little tokens here, Will meet with you upon that day; " Dear friends we may be far away. Should some be there, twill not be Strang If they have grown so very changed That you will wonder ia it true ? And w&s this portrait really you ? For fifty years will steal away The face that we now wear But if we do come, never mind A seat with the "old folks" we'll find. If we somewhat "old styled" appear, In the advanced mental atmosphere, Ah, let no slighting thought be cast, Think of the scenes through which we're passed. to-da- , to-da- y. Proclaimed unto a darkened age God's mandate, to observe his laws, And give our lives unto his cause; Throngh fifty years we've wrought, and still Give our giad service to his will. This simile should be enough-Found-ation stones are sometimes rough. '4, may thy next Jubilee Thy Kingdom's power acknowledged se! May thy fair Temples have a place In every clime, in every race. May olden deserts know again Bright flowing streams and homes of men. May the oppressed find sweet release, And warfare end in lasting peace. To our successors, we bestow These little tokens, may you grow Faithful and fearless in the Right, The Gospel tSTyour guide antt tig&l:' ' May you accomplish all that we Now in our holy calling see. And may we too be with you there, Zion's next Jubilee to share. ! ' Augusta. Jotob Cbochzbon. Salt Lake City, March 30, 1881. LIVE FOR A PURPOSE. "I would not waste my spring of youth In idle dalliance: I would plant rich seeds, To bl ossom in my manhood, and bear fruit "When I am old." We are living in a wonderful era, a most eventful time. Are the young men and women of making the most of the opportunities of their existence here upon the earth in this' age of Gospel light, mental achievements and scientific discoveries? Are they carving out a noble name in living characters that will endure, laying the foundation of a destiny which shall prove the ultimatum of human effort, with the blessing of God upon its highest and holiest endeavors? How grand and how boundless are the possibilities of the future, which lies before those who are just entering upon the arena of action. How potent for good in the hands of young men and women might be the intelligence, which flows through the channel of the holy priesthood to those born in the new and everlasting covenant, if they exercised the privileges allotted to them and combined humility with knowledge. But how is this blessing to be obtained? We say the heavens are ready to pour out innumerable blessings upon the youth of Zion. Yes but does the Tiarvest ripen even though good seed were sown and "God gives the increase"; where no careful huafandman has watered and tended the soil, rooting out every obnoxious weed, that would hinder the growth and development of the grain? Does not the to-da- y, human heart and mind require as much attention in its culture as the seed that is sown in the earth, that it may bear rich fruit intellectual, moral and spiritual? Ay, yes;' even more, for the finer the texture and higher the quality of any material or element the more assiduous and constant must be the endeavor to preserve it from evil or adverse influences in order to bring it to the utmost perfection. Parents who desire the greatest good for their offspring lay the' foundation in early youth, and when they are older Jt is the duty each one individually owes to himself and his Maker to work out his own destiny, to set his mark high, to bring his best efforts to bear upon ; the success of his resolves for usefulness in the path he has chosen for his career upon earth. Each one should ask himself, or herself, if within the heart the foundation is laid in strength and sincerity for that which is desirable to attain, the one purpose of a Much, everything we may say,depends upon beginning right, otherwise one must eventually go over the ground again and it is always more difficult to root up and destroy that which has been thoroughly impregnated in the native soil and plant anew, than to cultivate the spontaneous growth. How essential then that the best and truest principles be first, this being done, let the cultivation be thorough, andZhow satisfactory must be the result. If the principles of our lives are vital they will bear exceeding rich fruit, if they bear no fruit then they arc not vital, they are superficial and worthless. The object of our being here upon the earth is for a purpose; through the spiritual taining we receive, we comprehend more fully the glorious destiny marked out for the Saint of God, and the way by which one may attain to that possible exaltation. It is indeed a melancholy picture to contemplate that of a young person with all the capabilities of usefulness, even greatness in the ,.ffeady( sul; with iheitffelligenccr &f kzs&QQr life of burst forth upon them, weary longing for excitementeeking to plunge into the whirlpool of worldliness to drown thought, to forget duty and responsibility, and to elude the vigilance of the monitor, within which is always prompting and urging one to resist temptation. If one would have his name honored, his virtuous actions and life recorded in the book of remembrance, then let such a one decide to make the most of his life and aim for a fixed dauntpurpose with a view and determination less enough to ensure at least moderate success. This can never be done through a blind selfishness; one must be keenly alive to the calls of fellows and the humanity ,the obligations of his universal brotherhood, "one touch of which makes all the world akin." I am aware many will say, they are hedged about with difficulties, obstacles are continually springing up, and even the roses are thickly set with thorns and dark briers, and the path our Savior trod grows soul is and gloomy, and hope the anchor of the with crushed and weary with long waiting, cruel disappointment, and faith has scarce survived even the short voyage upon the journey of life.' But stop 1 spiritual faith the germ of all these sublimity of resolve must overpower difficulties or it is not genuine. who are Young men and young women, you of refinethis age living in this golden age, ment and culture, look well to yourselves; you reeverv-da- y want more religionn your lives, under trials, ligion, that which will bear you up and difficulty give you supportyoum every will nelp you to charity which that as you wish to be forgiven, and brine and closer proximity to each otherexcel-We all to Him, who is the fount of and you The realities of life are upon you need connection with these practical religion thrilling sense of it truth, entr fibre of your being making you, , conscious 1 for-eiveev- of the power which holds the destinies of nations in its grasp. Begin now while all your faculties are fresh and your ability to do good, to gain Jiame and fame is at its zenith of strengh and power. As Latter-da- y Spints you have always one purpose in view tnat supercedes all others, and that w salvation, which involves a lifetime of energetic action in a legitmate field oflabor. It is not one grand or heroic sacrifice that is going to do the work for you, but daily and hourly unceasing efforts to live in harmony with God's laws will eventually enable one to overcome and attain a larger faith in himself, greater courage for the future and renewed zeal in the path which leads to a sure and safe haven beyond. The price of lofty attainment in everything which lifts mankind, is diligence and earnestness in its pursuit. You want the knowledge that reaches into immortality; then you must consecrate your life to the labor of progression. Aunt Em. life-tim- e. Believers, when Truth's golden page Zion 171 ANOTHER SURPRISE. March 25, 1881, being the anniversary of Sister Orpah Everetts birthday, Sister Emme-lin- e Windsor organized a small party to give her a surprise, and a surprise it was both to her and to ourselves, for she was totally of our intentions and unprepared, ana we heard so many good speeches, and received more blessings, by the spirit of the Lord, of. being poured out, than we had thought We resolved ourselves into a meeting, opening with prayer, and singing, then followed speaking, reading a few verses by E. B. Spencer, then speaking again. Sister Ruth Tyler prophesied "Not one that is here will apostatize." What a blessing! Brother Windsor gave an account of his conversation with President reYoung, at Windsor Castle. He had been know to leased from the ranch, and desired where to go, was told the next morning he, imAnr ttroj MoQcnJ hv Prraident ounr? whichMessiW haTsfnBft' word for word by Tatnarch rerKins. l no next morning was told to "go to St. George and work in the Temple for nothing, and board himself," which he has done No secular labor his gave him half the enjoyment that baptizing thousands has done. One after another the brethren and sisters! some rose and spoke. Some giving a wuft-fJnnbearing testimony, some uuenug well known! tn Sister Everett. Our school teacher aged 67: and Aunt Dicy, who is 84 at the close of the meeting spoke to us in the gift of tongues, which thrilled us through and through. The interpretation was given, and the parting good bye said. We wended our way homeward, leaving Sister Everett the Sister L. possessor of a nice cake presented by Vance and a beautiful pair of vases, that Brother Pymm had sent, as a token of his esteem; as her friend and the teacher of his children . Emily B. Spencer. us life-histor- y, MRS, JAMES A. GARFIELD. ' The wife of the twentieth President of tho United States is a daughter of a laryland tradifarmer, Zebulon Rudolph, whose uncle, tion says, fought in the Revolution, and, going to France, espoused the cause of Napoleon and became Marshal of France, the gallant and She is unfortunate Ney. decided fond of housekeeping, affectionate, yet within her rules of household government,and sensible and interesting al a with the woman. She enters the White House there is good wishes of the whole countryK,and Exthe make no reason to doubt that she will ecutive Mansion a home as well as a palace, well as the and inculcate in, it the private as adorn it Bo public virtues which .should well-balance- d, en Ser , Journal. 