WOMAN'S EXPONENT. r.' m ' - , - PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. ELTZA R. SNOW SMITH. CONCLUDED. Early the same spring, 1880, Sister Eliza attended the Sisters' Stake Conference m Tooele City, and immediately after the Stake Conference of R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. in this city. She also attended meetings here and there in the interest of the various organizations, and in several of the towns adjacent to the city branch organizations were effected, auxiliary to the parent Silk Association, which had een completely reorganized the same spring. One would think these meetings and tlie regular duties of her position as Priestess in the House of the Lord were sufficient tax upon the energies of a woman at her time of life, but during this busy time she prepared the copy for the Children's Primary Hymn Book for the press, and in the month of June the manuscript was all in the hands of the printers. f At the time of the Ladies' Quarterly Conference held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Saturday morning, June 19, Sister Eliza, the subject of this sketch, was formally elected to preside over all the organizations of Relief Societies in the Church, whether here or abroad in the world. - Prest. John Taylor made the nomination himself, which was sustained by a unanimous vote of the Conference. President Taylor then asked her whom she would choose for her Counselors; she replied, Sisters Zina D. Young and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, who were then also nominated by Prest. Taylor, and sustained by the .vote of the Conference. Sister Sarah M. Kimball was also chosen by Sister Eliza to fill the position of Secretary, and Sister M. Isabella Home as Treasurer; tnese elstcra irere ulao nominated and sustained in the same manner. Sister Eliza made choice of these sisters to form a central organization, to work with her in the interest of Relief Societies. In the afternoon cof the eame day Sister Eliza effected a central organization of the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations, and gave much special instruc- tion to the officers upon the duties of the central board of each of these organizations. X About the last of June Sister EHza attenued the Children's Fair in Farmington, whicK was very satisfactory in all respects, and specially gratifying to one who had organized and worked so continuously and arduously in the interest of the little people. Shortly after, in the month of July, the Children's Primary Hymn Book was issued. These books have been household treasures, causing Sister Eliza's memory to live in the hearts of the children, and her songs will be sung to the latest generation by the children of Zion. On Saturday, Jury 17, at a meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, President Taylor ordained Sister E. R. S. Smith to the .office to which she had been elected, saying: ''Eliza- - Roxie Snow Smith, I lay my hands upon thy head in the name of Jesus, and by authority of the Holy Priesthood" I set thee apart to preside over the Relief Societies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and I confer upon thee this power and authority and ordain thee to this office, that thou mavst have power tor expound the Scriptures, and to bless, elevate and strengthen thy sisters.- - The Lord - is well pleased with with thee, thy diligence, fidelity, and zeal in the interest of thy , sisters. He has blessed thee exceedingly, and will con tinue to bless ,4heo forever and ever; and I bless thee with all thine heart can desire in righteousness, and seal upon theo' all former blessings conferred upon thee by the Holy priesthood, in the nam of Jesus. Amen. I i President Taylor also ordained and set apart her counselors and secretary.,. In August Sister Eliza made a tour through the whole of Sanpete County, holding about Thistle Yalley thirty meetings. She visited and assisted the Bishop in organizing a Relief" sisters Society there, with one of the Indian set apart, as Counselor. She was blessed and set and ordained apart the first Indian woman Eliza Sister office this in dispensation. to an addressed the Indians who wore assembled for some time, and when they were informed she was the wife of the Prophet Joseph they were shake greatly delighted, and all anxious to hands with her and express their joy at seeing one of the wives of the great Prophet. Returning from Sanpete by way of Levan, Sister Eliza drove a horse and buggy the whole distance from Fayette to Levan,' twenty-si- x miles, over the most fearful roads. In September following she attended the Sisters' Conference of Sevier Stake at Richfield, and traveled through that county, holding meetings in each settlement, often three in one day. In October she visited several towns in Utah County, meeting with different organizations of Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associa- ar-rived- at Speeches were made, toasts given, song3 sung, music rendered, praises chanted, and addresses written in poetry and ptose were read, and the bounties of earth were gratefully partaken of. All that could be done and said to express esteem and love for Sister Eliza seemed to havo been brought about on that occasion. On the same day the people of Weber Stake aid a very delicate tribute to the honored ladv Iy a similar celebration in Oerden was nothing wanting to make Citv. There the party com- plete but the presence of the lady herself. But in consideration of the people's knowledge of her being three hundred miles away, it seems to me the highest compliment which could have been paid her, and the most emphatic expression of the niche he filled in the hearts of the people. -- Sisters Eliza and Zina returned from St. George March 31, and were met at the depot by a party of thirty ladies, who escorted them Poems and addresses hud to the Lion House. been written for the occasion by some of the ladies, which were read during the evening. Sister Eliza, though tired in body, was fresh in spirit, and responded in a happy manner. Reinstated again in her. home in the Lion House, Sister Eliza, commenced laboring as usual in her several callings among the sisters at home in Zion, and also to pre? are another book for the use of the Primary Associations. At the General Conference of the Church of Saints, held in the Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y large Tabernacle in this city, April, 1881, Sister E. R. Snow Smith was sustained by unanimous vote of the Conference a3 President over ' all the Relief Societies in the Church. Sisters Zina D.Young and Elizabeth Ann Whitney were also sustained as her Counselors. Sister Eliza has spent the past spring and summer in visiting the Sisters' Stake Conference, attending annual or special meetings of Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations in various places. Meantime, when not engaged in public duties, she was preparing the manuscript of her new book, "Bible Questions and Answers." In September she visited Sanpete County, and among other places Indianola, or Thistle Valley. While thera she organized a Primary Association, in which ten little Lamanite children were enrolled as members, the beginning of a new work. Since returning from Sanpete the hook, "Bible Questions and Answers," has been issued from the Juvenile Instructor Office, and is now for sale. It is wrell calculated to give the children of the Saints a knowledge of the Scriptures, and little boys who commit those answers, to memory will be better prepared with Scriptural arguments when they go out into the world to preach the Gospel. Although Sister Eliza has written and published many books, all in the interest of the Kingdom of, God and for the encouragement and elevation of the Saints, vet she does not feel she has done enough, and is now setting about preparing books for the young which will contain poems suitable for recitations dialogues, etc. Sister Eliza is never idle; she is always employed in some labor for the benefit of Zion. Her voice has been heard bearing testimony to the truth and instructing the people in almost every ward and settlement in Israel, and in many places in foreign lands; her books are in nearly every home of the Saints, and her songs are sung in every land where the Gospel has found its way. Thousands have been blessed under her hands in the House of the Lord, and in holy temples. She still lives and continues her noble work. She is brave, strong and unflinching in her spirit, and God grant she may live yet many years to preside as the Elect Lady in the office to which she has been appointed and set apart by the servants of God. It would be difficult to find a woman who has done so much public duty in the interest, welfare and development of her sex as has the subject of this sketch. That she has passed through fiery ordeals none can doubt, but in the strength of Israel's God has been able to be say, "Not my will, 0 Father, but thine done." Such a life needs no comment, but her works should be recorded for the benefit of the Saints, and that the daughters of Zion may, knowing her good works and reading of her noble life, emulate her wise example and hj stimulated to follow in her footsteps. And while time shall last Sister EKza's songs wju be sung in Zion, and her memory live in hearts of the people, and her name be immortalized as Zion's Poetess. E. B. W. , tions, On the 8th of November, Sister Eliza left Salt Lake City, accompanied by Sister Zina D. Young, her Counselor, enroute for St. George, visiting settlements and holding meetings by the Asthe way, organizing and sociations wherever circumstances required. The people everywhere received them with the warmest welcome. Arriving at St. George, they took up their abode for the winter at the residence of Mr.-?- Minerva W. Snow, who afterwards accompanied them much in their travels among the people. Sister Eliza had some considerable work to do for her ancestry and friends in the Temple, but although she considered that an important matter, it was not the only work she felt devolving upon her. Her desire to aid the living, to counsel and instruct the young more especially, and to impress upon parents the necessity of stronger safeguards for the protection of the children in Zion, prompted her to greater exertions than any one could have looked for from one of her years in such unprropitious weather. It seems almost incredible, but it is nevertheless true, that this veteran sister traveled over a thousand miles, in carriages and wagons, after she St. George, doing women's missionary work among the Saints. Her unwearied exertions to reach the most' remote hamlets and villages, and her endeavors to benefit the sisters in their respective districts, to strengthen the hands of the weak and inspire all with a desire to be useful and improve the talents given them, were the true interpretation of her high and holy mission. While in St. George, the anniversary of her birthday was publicly celebrated, and the honors heaped upon her on that occasion were in keeping with the beautiful life and magnificent works of thi3 distinguished Mother in Israel. " . -- . 