188 E3tJIEI.IF Published II. WEI.LS, semi-monthl- - in' Salt . Editor. Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy bIx months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 30 &, m. to 5 pm. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. , SALT LAKE CITY, - MAY 15, 1881. WOMEN STORING GRAIN. It is a well known fact that the women in Zion are laying up wheat again? t a day of need. This lenevoIent enterprise was commenced in the fall of 18765, and from that time until the present the sisters in their Various organizations have felt it both a duty and a privilege to donate and take care of gram. AH those who have read our little paper will remember the editorial in October 15, 1876, which was written according to off- icial instructions on this subject. At the Jubilee Conference the .sisters agreed by vote to loan the wh'eat but the Bishops were to be the responsible parties in the affair, and receipts given for wheat loaned were to have the signature of the Bishop of the respective local-itIt was woman's part of the blessing of the poor in the Jubilee year, and the same quantity y. of wheat was to be returned again into the possession of those who had charge of it. 4 Now the question has 'been sprung, Ae the sisters to keep on lending the wheat? and, Can they have so much on the bushel for lending it, as the farmers do who are in the habit of lending to each other?" No such counsel has been given. Were the Saints to pursue this course, the wheat might be lent out just at the time when some unforeseen need might arise, and the bread, stuff be wanted for the emergency. The wheat was to be kept stored up, until it was called for by the presiding authority of the Church, and it was not proposed to traffic in it. Exigencies may require it sometimes to le used or leut, but in all cases it must be regulated by presiding authority. It certainly is a great labor; and will be more so as the quantity of grain stored increases year after year; but the way will open for the sisters to fill this important mission, if they persevere and do not become weary in well doing. Already storehouses and bins have Leon built in nearly all the settlements, and others are making efforts to erect suitable buildings for the same purpose. It was an original idea, to he, sure, that women should store grain, but they have succeeded in accomplishing a great deal, by littles and much remains to be done in the future. In the meantime, take care of that which you have, and add to it all that you consistently can, instead of disposing of it in any other ways. Let us not relax our efforts in this laudable undertaking, for assuredly the day is c ming when wheat will be more precious than gold- - It is really something unknown in the pat history of nations, for women to be engaged in preparation for famine, but this mission has len given to the sisters in this day and age, and it is no doubt for a wise purpose. There is every prospect for a bountiful harvest thlsLjear,4md let the- - sisters, those who lalor for Zion and her Interests at home, redouble their, exertions to increase the quantity of wheat In the women's storehouses. ' ' ' ' !.: . .' HOME AFFAIRS. OUR LITTLE PAPER. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. The Woman's Exponent has now completed the ninth year of its missioD. During that time it has visited thousands of homes in America, Europe, Asia and the Islands of the seas. Wherever it has gone we trust good seed has been sown, for its aim has been to inculcate cor- rect principles, to promote the growth of education among all classes, and aid in the onward march of progression. Woman's mission is diverse from" that of man; she has not been called, except in rare instances, to go out among the nations to preach the Gospel, but by the aid of the pen many of the sex have borne strong and earnest testimomV-- of individual and general experience, wLich are recorded in the columns of this little paper, and will stand as a witness of the work of reformation which the time and season seem to demand she is thus enabled to address thousands at once, instead of a small audience. The labors of women in various organizations are here justly represented." The rights of women to a legitimate place in all the departments of life, political and social, are . discussed, as its motto truthfully declares "The Rights of the women of Zion, and the rights of the women of all nations." Thus let woman speak for herself n to the heart of her everywhere, weak and comforting the sorstrengthening the rowful, and let the Exponent still be a messenger of truth and light, practically sustained by actual effort, that it may be a blessing in the future as it has been in the past to the mother in her home, to the Elders in their labors abroad, and in many a nook and in homes, where no Elder could gain admittance. s ; Now is the time to subscribe fc--r Volume Ten of the Woman's Exponent, Let woman tain the voice of woman in the press. sus- Sister Lucy A. Johnson, of Kanab, writes o P. A. had a party on the "Sister Eliza" that the 9th ult. They have 153 names enrolled, with 130 average attendance. The R. 8. and Y. L. M. I. A. as well as the Primary, are in a prosperous condition. Medical Lecture. For the benefit of a medical student about to graduate at Ann Arbor, Dr. Romania B. Pratt will give a lecture, which will be a continuation of the one given in the Theatre some time ago. lit will probably take place in the Social Hall on Tuesday afternoon, May 24, exclusively for ladies. By private letter to President E. R. Snow Smith, from Mrs. WHmirth East, we learn that the Relief Societies In the Eastern Arizona Stake of Zion are in a flourishing 'condition, under the presidency of Sister East. She states there are five organized wardsV with sufficient members to admit of Primary organizations, which they expect will be attended to this coming summer under the direction of Pres. Jesse N. Smith . -- sister-woma- EDITORIAL NOTES. 20th Ward P. A. Anniversary, held on the 19tli ult., there were a variety of things on exhibition which have been made for the Children's Fair, which will be held in S. L. City sometime in September next. These articles were all of the children's manufacture, neatly executed, and certainly the little folks deserve encouragement. There were baskets and vases of flowers made of wool and of wax, many pretty varieties; also mats, tidies, pincushions, pillowcases, dolls dressed and mottoes worked, all by At the the little girls. There was a handsome bracket ev&7ai&4fcc?'js8'--e"made'by a Uttle' fooyj-'aiH- The "Ogden Herald" comes to us regularly as an exchange, and we are well pleased with its appearance and contents It was issued first May 7, and we have no doubt of its success as the newspaper of Weber Co. Its editor, John Nicholson, Esq., ha had considerable experience in journalism, and will no doubt be able to make the "Herald1 lively, newsy and interesting. We welcome its appearance gladly, and hope it "may live loag and prosper." We have received several new exchanges within the last few months, nearly all favoring woman suffrage, some edited by men, some by ladies. The "Colorado Antelope," published at Denver, is a woman's paper, though one would scarcely guess it by the name. The editorial department is very ably conducted by Mrs. C. M. Churchill, who seems to be almost too liberal in her views towards "Mormons" to please those who are so anxious to destroy the peace and happiness of the founders of Utah. Mrs. Churchill is certainly a woman of stamina, and does not stnd in fear of Madame Grundy. Success to the "Antelope ! " We are very proud of it. The "WesKfiTW Oman's Journal" comes to us" from Lincoln, Neb., fresh and new, in monthly magazine form, containing sixteen pages. It is full of interesting matter. Its motto that of Neb. "Equality lefofe the Law;" also," An Aristocracy of Hex is Repugnant to a Republic." It is edited by Erasmus M. Cornell, but has several Jadies on the staff as Editorial Contributors. - "The New Era," "The Egis," "The Scientific Man," "The Western Light," "The American Sentry," all welcome, and all advocating their respective views on popular questions, all, no doubt, promoting an increase of enlightened thought in this busy, workaday world. i work well finished. The exercises were well arranged. Miss Celia Sharp recited "Whistling in Heaven," Misses Emily Sharp and May Mitchell sang "The Lover and the Bird," Master Owen reai "Address to Little Boye," Kate Romney recited "Father, now the, day is past,' Misses Georgiana Toone and Nettie Gibson sang "Little Sunshine," Belle Solomon, essay on "Obedience," Masters Wm. Phillips and John Sharp dialogue about a pocket book, song, Mary Romney, "The Child's Unfinished Prayer," reading, Master Knight,"Obedience to Parents," Ida Sansome "Robin's Complaint," Eliza Knight "Jane's Evening Prayer," organ solo, Emma Lyon, dialogue by six little girl, essay on "Good Behavior," Alice Phillips, Master Joseph Decker pang "Trust the Children, Never Doubt Them," he is a very little fellow, and performed his part admirably, and he has a sweet, rich voice; Maggie Calhoun recited "Little Children may be Useful," Georgiana Toone recited "The Martyrdom of the Prophet," by Mrs. M. J. Tanner; there were other songs, recitations and essays and singing by the Association, all well rendered. Miss Kate Miller presided at the organ during the entire afternoon. Everything was done well and in order, and reflects great credit uin all who took part in the arrangements. CHILDREN'S FAIR. In September there will be a Children's Fair held in this city, under the auspices of the Presidency of the Primary Associations of Fait Lake Stake. The Presidents of the different branches in this Stake are expected to take an active part in aiding tojnake the Fair a success. All kinds of article, useful and ornaxnental that can possibly be .made by the h'ttle Tolkt-- they fcLpuldbe encouraged in making. There fs noiiepbtHwiJJ , 