Competent literary critics have pronounced the following poem unsurpassed by any other production of its class in our language. It is perfect in rhyme, beautiful in figure and expression: Leona, the hour draws1 nigh, The iTbuf we've waited so long, 1?or the angel to open a door in the sky. That tny spirit may break from Its prison and try ilts Toice in an infinite song. 'Jnitt now, as the slumbers of night VC&me o'er me in The curtain, half lifted, revealed to my sight Those windows which look on the kingdom of light - That borders the river of death. ... , h, And a vision fell solemn and sweet, Bringing gleams of a morning-li- t land; ""- - I saw the white shore Fhich the pale waters beat, And I heard the low loll as they broke at their feet Who walked on the beautiful strand. And lay your dear hand on my brow, Tha same touch that thrill'd mo in days that are fled, And raised the lost roses of youth from the dead, Can brighten the brief moments now. We have livod from the cold world apart, And your trust was too generous and true For their hate too'erthrow; when the slanderer's dart Was rankling deep in my desolate heart, I was clearer than ever to you. I thank the great Father for this, That our love is not lavished in vain; Each germ in the future will blossom to bliss, And the forms that we lore, and the lips that we kiss Never shrink at the shadow of pain. By the light of this faith am i taught That my labor is only begun; In the strength of this hope I have struggled and fought With the legions of wrong, till my armor has caught The glgam of Eternity's sun. broad-breaste- balm-breathin- Twould even be pleasant to stay And walk by your side till the last: e But the of heaven is beginning to play-L- ife shadows are meeting Eternity's day, And its tumult is hushed in the past. i should the grief Leona, good-by- ; That is gathering now, ever be , Too dark for your faith, yon will long for relief. And remember the journey, though lonesome, is brief, O'er lowland and river to me. land-breez- . Tite Spanish' government has issued a decree permitting the Jews to return tor Spain. This concession has been granted at the suggestion t of an influential Israelite to the .Spanish ter at Constantinople. minis- drapery firar uobte men, whose hearts had never Jnand; ' Sister Eliza entered upon her duties as su perintendent of the Woman's Store immediately after the October Conference, 1876, and by her careful and prudent management and her practical executive "ability, succeeded in establishing without money, a home manufacture mercantile department, which still exists as proof positive of her eminent snccess in this line of labon President Young fully acknowledged she had done what he had been trying for years to get one or more of the brethren to " do, but could not persuade them to undertake it without capital. Sister Eliza thus demonstrated the fact that women have faith and courage to undertake what men would consider a hopeless enterprise. Goods were sold on clerks were employed,, and a commission, lady desk at the sat and lady kept the books; Sister El?za not only looked after the minutest details of work, but actually; performed some of the reaHabor herself. y During this year she had also much literary labor to do. Her second volume of poems was about to be published, and, required gome time and attention,. and in the autumn of the same year arrangements'' were made to publiih a book containing sketches of Mormon women. The money was to be furnished in ihares by Relief Societies or individuals as the case might be. Sister.Eliza set about the work in There were writings to Ik? good uaruest. gathered up, as well as money to be collected, and manuscript to read and revise, requiring not only considerable labor, but a great deal She of tact, discrimination and judgment. read and prepared many hundreds of pages of all kinds of writing forjyir. E. W. Tullidge, to cull and select from afterwards and work into the book he was writing,to be called The: Wog men of Mormondom," and when the commenced she was expected . to.-- , jgivc all the proof one reading at least. Let the reader remember this work wa done while Sister Eliza was superintending the store, from eight o'clock in the morning until six in the evening daily. This constant employment hindered her from traveling among the settlements as much as formerly, but she still kept up her regular work in the House of the Lord,weekly and also attended meetings in or the city and suburbs from time to time. Early in the year 1877 the two books upon which the lady had been so arduously engaged during the winter eveaings, were sent to " press. Her second Volume of Poems" here in the Deseret News Office and the "Women of Mormondom" in; New York City. Both works contain a steel engraving of the lady, executed in New York, with her autograph, Eliza R. Snow, beneath the picture. The book of Poems was very delicately dedicated to Brigham Young, the dedication being in verse; but two months after, and while the manuscript ofhe poems was still in the hands of the printers, Brigham Young passed behind the veil, and the same volume finishes with a poem entitled "Funeral of President Brigham Young," which is touchinglv sublime in its description of that solemn and imposing occasion. We give here a. few extracts; Who knew no fear when times were perilous, Biit'how, wnen speaklag of their leader's Their love for him their loss and Yion's-ioss- ; The firm lib' quiver'd and the dew1 oT grief, men wept." Beneath their eyelids gathered. Strong ' 'r- ly . "From morn till noon, the body lay in 8Ute And thousands came, a tribute of respect To pay, and take a, last a. parting view Of the illustrious dead." j; . ; The funeral rites Were on the Sabbath day. At service hour, The spacious tabernacle densely filled, Was thronged by anxious mulUtudes without; "" :" r r : , Altlsrael irer mourners; but the corse Was followed by nom'rous weeping train Orthose, by dear and tlial ties, Ms own." .. semi-week- . orne PrmJiAfA. Ttavel&tora. Seers. 1am CONTINUED. type-settin- d j " men of God weithereVmen who had With him, the beat and burden of the day.' i g i A'Bn ELIZA R. 8NOW SMITH. . Jjona, come close to my bed, Leona, look forth and behold From headland, from hillside, and deep, The day-kinsurrenders his banners of gold. ' The twilight advances through woodland and wold, And the dews are begining to weep. The moon's silver hair lies uncurled Down the mountains away; The sunset's red glory again shall be furled On the walls of the west, o'er the plains of the world, And shall rise in a limitless way. O ! come not in tears to ray tomb, Nor plant with frail flowers the sod; There is rest among roses too sweet for it gloom, And life where the lilie3 eternally bloom, g In the gardens of Ood. Tet deeply those memories brim Which bind me to you and to earth, And I sometimes have thought that my being would yearn In the bowers of the beautiful home to return And visit the horns of its birth, -- "Ne'er was a father mora affectionate Nor yet an earthly father more beloved." ' loved his people. Their high destiny Wil be a monument tb brigham Young." "lie : And I wondered why spirits could ding To their clay with a struggle and sigh When life's pnrple autumn is better than spring, And the soul flies away, like a sparrow to sing In a climate where leaves never die. : rVqce vacant fchajr remained Enrobed In fold of solemn 1 WOMAN. BY JAKES G. CLARK. peace-giTing'breat- ' PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS LEOKA. A short time previous to the death of Pres. '' Young, ' The Women of Mormondom," on vfaich Sister Eliza had spent much precious time and'fo publish1 which she had used! her influence with the Relief Societies, was issued. Pres. Young had the Opportunity of examining the book and expresssing his opinion tif the value Of the publication. He had an interesting conversation with Bister Eliza tipoa the matter the Evening before he was seized with hb last sickness, and manifested ,.ah greaii interest in the work which appeared to him, to be opening wpioxwomen'm thewpr4d- - ,He ,euggested that a number of He sisrs,, slwuld gothe platout into .the ;worJjl and and : foim advocating the principles .of our faith lecfor the yarned onetwo suable persons ' ? : spea-upon- A ture field. f ; , always interceded for the Ebz; goofhe women of Utah; whom she so ably ister i; it represents,, jaqd .often when she tnight have count, such aa every wothin hatot&l J4 d&irea, she sacrificed it fo Uhe sake of benefiting others and promoting the advancement' of the work for woman's higher culture and progresi sion, instead of her own personar interests. Such has always been her life and "character, fiister Eliza, by her unbounded faith in the capacity of women and" by prompt and: energetic action a any and all times when possjble, has greatly influenced the destiny of "Mormon" women, how Tnuch soi, will probably never be known. To be continued. ' MISCELLANEOUS. We are given to understand that the Princess Louise of Lorhe is the composer of the hew set of valses'on old Scotch airs, published under the name of Louise5 Campbell. M'dlliI SARAir ttERiritAKDr already gives put that she intends to make a secdno! tour in when she hopes to' play to 'America the Americans in their own language, 'fihe is now hiafd at her English studies. The Rev. Timothy Flint' used to say that, "If this world is ever to become a better and happier world, Woman, properly enlightened, aware of her influence; and .disposed to exert it aright, 'must be the prime mover in the great work." to declare on the side Is M. Gambetta about ' of Wbmui's Rights? It would seem' soy from a speech of his; at the Trocadero, in which the exaggerafollowing passage oocurs:'-,1'Vlthoreforms that cuht tion, it is certain; gentlemen, which to be introduced Into our legislation r shall giT J to woman 0 all he.r. presfigeijill her authority,'- all her rightsaud the ppwn7to ex, bv-and-b- : ut - erdsd r them- ..-- .u yuiy 