f I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Disease and pain and death, those stern marauders Which mar our world's fair face, Never encroached upon the pleasant borders Of that bright dwelling place. affectionately endeared. On the silver plate of his coffin was engraved the one simple word, at his kest. His funeral services were held beside his residence Dec. 6. He was buried children, who had all died in infancy. The poem published on the first page was written on the occasion of life death by his sister and mine, and is more expressive, perhaps, than anything I coaM have written. Farewell, my .dear brother, tm til we shall meet again. vJras No fear of parting, and no dread of dying Could ever enter there; No mourning for the lost, no anguished' crying,- Made any face less fair. Without the city wall death reigned as ever, And graves rose side by side; Within, the dwellers laughed at his endeavor, And never any died! Emmeline B. Wells. 125 a celestial glory; had it lived it might have been contaminated, now it has secured its eternal Other comforting remarks followed, and the poem which we publish below, from the also extend gifted pen of Zion's Foe toss. our sympathies to the bereaved parents, for we too have sorrowed, and know how to appreciate the tears which flow when we are called to part with those whose affections are entwined around our hearts, but remember this, "God knoweth ex-altatio- n." be." OUR LITTLE GEORGE. O happiest of all earth's favored places ! O bliss, to dwell therein To live in the sweet light of loving faces, "GOD KNEW THE BEST." "Then be content, poor heart! like lilies, .puT and white Tmf old; God's plans, leaves apart, We must not tear the close-shu- t of the reveal gold." Time will calyxes These expressive lines were a favorite quotation of And fear no grave between! To feel no gathering cold and colder, Disputing life's warm truth; To live on, never lonelier or older-Rad- iant in deathless youth ! And hurrying from the world's remotest quarters, , A tide of pilgrims flowed, Across broad plains, and over mighty waters, the lady who forms the subject of this memoir. Young, beautiful and tenderly beloved, and yet she has gone gone when her life seemed most complete, in the rich fulness of the crown of holy motherhood; gone from earthly vision, to the other passed over the "river of life," shore good, life-histo- ry d, d Aunt Km. THE CITY OF THE LIVING. age, whose varied story y ha8 No record So long ago expired its gru;f and glory-Th- ere flourished, far away, In a long-vanishe- -- d to-da- In a broad realm, whose beanty passed all measure, A city fair and wide, Whcrien the dwellers lived in pace snd pleasure. And.never any died. has gone where lore and beanty Blend with music's richest swells; George is now her lovjng brother, Where his sister Georgia dwells. E. R. Sxow Smith. Ha Still holding heart to heart. And so they lived in happiness and pleasure, And grew in power and pride, And did great deeds, and laid up store of treasure, And never any died! And many years rolled on, and 6aw them striving With unabated breath; And other years still found and left them living, And gave no hope of death. Yet listen, hapless soul, whom angels pity, Craving a boon like this Mark how the dwellers in the wondrous city Grew weary of their bites, ; h cated, and possessed that innate gives sublimity to womanly character; added to this were the charms of rare culture, kindness. Of generous gentleness and genuine for the impulses, she was constantly planning and friends, forgetful happiness of her husband of self in those she loved. She delighted in the 'beauties of nature, and reveled in works of art. Of a poetic temperament and decidedly artistic tatastes, she was ever striving to improve the enlents with which she was most generously dowed. Sbe was a model housekeeper, and her home was a place of beauty, adorned with paintthe workings, embroidery and elegant trifle?, intellecwas manship of her own hands. She to littually gifted and had devoted much time erary pursuits, haying written for the press from to lier early girlhood. It was perhaps owing work sympathy with those engaged in literary that our acquaintance first commenced several subyears ago, which ultimately ripened into a lime friendship. She will ever be like a bright leaf has dropped out picture in my memory. A whereon was written many of my tender things the story of our friendship a and violet-tintebeautiful" leaf, silver-edgewhose fragrance still remains, sweet as the perfume of June roses. "God knew the best." The poem published below was recited, by Mrs. Cole's request, at her funeral. refineineht-whic- earthly mission! To the courts of endless day, from a world of sin and sorrow, Little George Is called away. O how short hia Where never death should come between and sever Them from their loved apart; Where they might work, and will, and live forever, away from earth, where, freed from pain and sorrow, and a!l the weariness and hindrances of mortal life, she might develop those higher attributes of the soul that were imprisoned here. .Mrs. Fannie Adele Cole, nee McBride, beloved wife of Frank Cole, Esq., of this city, departed this life early in the afternoon of Fridaj', Jan. 7, 1881. On the 18th of December last she gave birth to a fine, healthy boy, and was apparently convalescent, when, from some unknown cause she took cold, a chill followed, and subsequently she passed peacefully away in a calm and tranquil sleep. sense or the woru, llrs. Cole was, rmu-bea- woman78be death-dam- p To find that blessed abode, the unknown. liovely, innocent and the angels came and wafted her pure spirit a superior has been our darling baby, Then he grew our darling boy; lie was lorely, loved and loving. Mother's pride and father's Joy. George Ona and another, who had been concealing of life's long thrall, The , Forsook, their picio"v r- 00nn(, jn brooked no more denying Craving wuh wish that So long had it been crossed The blessed possibility of dying The treasure they had lost! mortals Daily the current of broader tide, Swelled to a Till none were left within the city's portals, rest-seekin- g And graves grew green outside. Would it 1x5 worth the having or the giving, The boon of endless breath? that comes of living, AJi, for the weariness There is no cure but death! Onrs were, indeed, a fate deserving pity, Were that sweet rest denied; to tind the city And few, methinks, would care Where never any died! son of George and Eliza George V. Dunford, Lake City Dec 3, Snow Dunford, died in Salt to five o'clock a. m. Little 13S0, at ten minutes three was born Jan. 1, 1373, being nearly (fegeold at the time he died. He was an ex. years . . . . . i!.... i,n,i wi verv lartro for ,va, quite remarkable. Mstar fcla a leuor m i"u mnti.r inr- niece).I R Snow, in ... . -oq mm; i when slid- "It iid noi uiii jewel had wa, informed that the dear, had I not real- as it wuuwit'v (leparieu, n,rfTO aitrnvs seemed . iredthat the aear nine i Mble sP. That mighty, for earth. a morta much to be nS eacasedjn Tket It must be a great comfort to you that such a beautiful, noble has "hat you with to the Oo,re. you ,1 by faithful !ln ecure it, and receive it again as you laid it x . - "e ZZ A pleasant surprise party waa gotten up on Thursday, Dec. 16, by some of the sisters of the Thirteenth Ward Relief Society, in honor of the 70th anniversary of our" much esteemed Sister Melvina Snow's birthday. The party was held at the residence of her daughter, airs, ue ng, with whom she was mvnea u aine, in oraer w make the surprise complete. On arriving there she was greatly surprised tonna a room run oi warm friends to erreet her. numbering more than who sat down to a table spread thirtyperaons, XI t... a il t with variety or good mings. ivmong uie guests were Bishop E. D. Woolley, Judge Z. Snowi son of Sister M7 SnoVwlth'their -- been and quaMrnberth sisters whohad our worthjufe acquainted for many yearFwIttr after ter most of whom made a few remarks of the dinner. Mrs. Rachel Grant, President Sister of Relief Society, spoke of the faithfulness All exSnow as a Teacher in the Society. of, her good qualities, pressed their appreciation with tendering heartily their congratulations, returns of these many good wishes of happy his great pleacelebrations, her son expressing towards sure at tho kindly feeling manifested referred to his aged mother. Judge SnowaL with her Sister. Melvina, as lliig acquainted and schoofrom childhood, and as a neighbor ihllT Zr lmate, '.poking in teeritV and devotion to and Atwood also spoke of the worthiness near of Sister Snow, having lived Neighbor to her for many years. The time was la IN MEMORY OF lt PLEASANT PARTY. well most agreeably, the Bishop being JiLed with the gathering, and left his blesshig. hour, feeling The company retired at an early that they had made her heart happy well paid in her old age. E. II. Goddard. !iCof Gotamiandherdecniiu Th $K& DAlia!Tsfhe g ttfi scholars SachingsPof Bud-'unanswered But thlre wai at first much legend, and inquiry as toi Arnold's ownbwers of ffi" Si of Doctor of FWlphy. Ex. V! 