WOMAN'S EX PON EN T. .126 LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. The Twelve Apostles when receiving their charge from President Oliver Cowdery previous mission to the Eastern on their of the great difficulties warned were states in visiting all the with meet which th,ey wquki would need wisdom in of the earth, they nations ten-fol- d to what they had ever had proportion all the prejudices combat for they wonkibaveto to were of all nations; they preach this Qegpel to every nation, and should they in the least degree come jBhort of their duty, great would be their condemnation, for the greater the calling the greater tfansgreasiQn, he therefore warned . th'ernlm Cultivate Igreat humility, for he knew the pride of the human hearty and to beware leat the flatterers of the world should lift them up, and to bewarejest their affections should be 'captivated by worldly objects and to let their ministry he firstr and remember that the souls of men were committed to their charge telling them that if they would mind their calling they should always prosper. With regard to superiority he said,- "The ancient Apostles sought U) he great, but brethren, lest the seeds of discord jbe sown in this matter understand the .to-startin- g i 'te - voice of the spiriton th is occasion. God does not love you better ormo're than others. You are to contend for the faith oncejdelivered to the Saints. Jacob you know wrestled until he obtained. It was by fervent prayer and diligent search that that you are now youjbave obtainetbe-testimonable to bear. You are as one. You are equal in ,, bearing the Keys of the Kingdom to all nations. You are called. 6 preach the Gospel of the Son of God to the nations of the earth. It is the wjlj of your Heavenly' Father that you proclaim his Gospel to, the ends of the earth, and the Island of. the sea. . Be zealous to save souls. The soul of one )nah ii as precious as. the soul of. another. You are to bear this message to those who consider themselves wise, and such may persecute you, they jmayfiek your life. The adversary has, always sought the life of the servants of God. You are therefore to be prepared at all times to niake a sacrifice of your lives, should God require It in the advancement and building up of his cause. .jMurmjirnot? at God. ' Be alwaysprayer ful.be always, watchful. You will bear with me while 1 relieve the feelings of my heart. VhftVfitrilmewfien you will desire to see such a day as this and you will not see it. . '.'Every heart wishes you peace and prosperity, but the scenes with you will ineyitabh change. Let nd man take!your;bishopric,ahd beware that you lose not your crowns. It will require your whole souls. It will require courage like E- 1. h i tlmo ia nMrnrhon Ttnnn'a in Wlv3 .y vu nrill n Jii gxz jii uvu jvnn will miutof.congregatlonsvvho gnash their teeth uponyou. This Gospel must roll and will roll till it fills the whole earth. Did I say congregations would gnash upon you? Yea I say nations will gnash upon you. You will be consid-dero- d the worst of men. Be hot discouraged at this, When God pours out his Spirit the enemy win rageDur, uoa, remember is on your hand and on your left. A man though he right may be considered the worst,has joy who is conscious that he pleases God. The lives of those who proclaim the trueGospel will be in danger, this has been the case ever since the days of righteous Abel. The same opposition has beenrTnanifested wherever men came forward to publish the Gospel. The time is coming when, you will be the worst by many and by some the best of men. The time is coming when you will bo perfectly familiar with the things of God. This testimony will make those who do not believe your testimony seek your lives". But there are whole nations who Will receive your testimony. They will call you good men. Be not lifted up when you are called good men. Remember you are young men, and you shall bo spared. I include the other three. Bear them in mind in your prayers, carry their cares to a throne of .'grace Although they are not present,yet you and they are equal. ' This appointment is calculated to create an affection in you, for each other, stronger than death. Your lives shall be in great Jeopardy, but the promise of God is that you shal be delivered. The day is cominc when the woik of God must be done. Israel Shall be gathered. The seed of Jacob shall be gathered from their long dispersion. There willbe a feast to Israel the elect of God. It is a sorrowful tale bu the Gospel must be preached and his (God's) ministers be rejected, but where can Israel be found and not receive your testimony 1 . i and not rejoice? No where. The prophicies are full of great things that are to take place in the the Elect is gathered out, Jast days. Aftercome on the inhabitations of the destruction shall earth. All nations shall feel the wrath of God, after they have been warned by the Saints of the Most High. If you will not warn them others will, and you will loie your crowns. You must to prepare your minds to bid a Jong farewellYou come. the even till Jvirtland great day will see. what youjnever expected to see. You will need the mind of Enoch or Elijah and the faith of the Brother of Jared.. You must be prepared to walk by faith, however appalling the prospect to human view. Yrou,and each of you, should feel the force of the imperious mandate, Son go labor in my vineyard, and cheerfully what comes, but in the end you will stand while others will fall. You have read in the revelation concerning ordination. Beware how you ordain, for all are not like this nation, They will willingly receive the ordinances at your hand to put you out of the way. There will be times when nothing but the Angels of God can deliver you out of their hand. We appeal to your intelligence, We appeal to your understandings that we have so far discharged our duty to you. We consider it one f the greatest condescensions of our Heavenly Father in pointing you out to us. You will be stewards over the ministry. We have work to do that no other man can do. You must proclaim the Gospel in its simplicity and purity, and we commend you to God and the word of his grace, ,? "We now expect you to be faithful to fulfil in all things.'andjpermit me to repeat all nations have a claim on you. You are bound together as the three witinessea were-Y- ou notwithstanding can to meet and and meet, part again till your part heads are silvered o'er with gray." After the Twelve returned from their mission East they had a council with the first Presidency in the house of the Lord where, my father saysj we laid our grievances before them concerning some things which had transpired during our mission. Viz., that Dr. Warren Cowdery and others having used an undue influence over the first Presidency through Oliver Cowdery and others, they had, suspended "Orson Hyde and William E. McLellen accusing them, with the Twelve, of not preaching the gathering to Zion, or of gathering means to purchase - lands in .Zion, re-cie- ve .. ) "All things were reconciled to our minds, we had a joyful season and one long to be remembered by us: We continued together a day and night.' I will here remark that every individual who had used an influence against the Twelve on their mission, have apostatized and gone out of the Church, and this should remain as an everlasting warning to all others. In those days there was a continual itching in certain individ- uals to destroy the union existing between the Twelve and the first Presidency and the union in the first Presidency, which thing they did at last eflect. "Oliver Cowdery, Warren Jared Cowdery, Carter, Frederic G. Williams and six of the Twelve became disaffected, turned against Joseph and those of the Twelve who sustained him, calling them hard names for sustaining Joseph." "From the time that the reconcilation took place between the first Presidency and the Twelve, a reformation commenced in the Church, most of the Elders and male members felt to confess their sins. Those meetings of humiliation repentance and confessing of sins were truly the beginning of good days to us,and they continued through the endowment." TOOELE STAKE QUARTERLY FERENCE. CON- Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Tooele Stake, held at Grants-yill- e December 11 and 12, 1880, Mrs. A Hunter presiding. Singing, "Arise, OMary glorious Zion." Prayer by Bro. Anderson. Singing the choir. Report read. Sister Preseudia by L. Kimball, of Salt Lake City, then addressed the meeting- - It was a great many years now since the Relief Society was organized by the Prophet Joseph, and that it had been a great blessing to many of the sick anddastitute. Spoke of her many years' practical experience in plural marriage; she loved hsr sisters with whom she had reen associated iu a family Advised the sisters to take good tare capacity. of their children, give them good cpiinsc.1, and never drive the u fri frnm hnmp'thm to observe good hours, and set them a good ex ample. Exhorted the sisters to be kind to tho who need comfort, bless those to whom thev - 1 ministered in temporal things. Sister Elizabeth Howard, Salt Lake City spoke upon the parable of the ten virgins five wise and five foolish; exhorted the sisters to imitate the example of the wise virgins who had oil in their lamps.- - ' Alluded to the love of iress and the extravagance which was prevalent among the Saints at the present time; it was not good to dress little girls like little puppets. Closed with remarks upon the Word of Wisdom. Bro. Anderson testified to the truth of the sisters' remarks, and encouraged all to persevere. in the work they were doing to benefit each other and build up Zion. Adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing. Benediction by Bro. McBride Afternoon, session. Devoted to Primary Associations. After the usual exercises, Sister Hale asked the children some questions, which were very promptly answered. The children were very orderly. Mrs. E. Howard gave them some excellent instructions on good behavior, obedience to parents, and honor to the priesthood of God. Told them to try and remember all that was taught them in their meetings, pray night and morning, and always speak the truth. Instructed them to pray regularly fer the authorities of the Church, and for President George Q. Cannon, that he might have power given him in Congress to be preserved from the snares set for him, and ward off all evil from the Saints. Mrs. Kimball addressed the children for a short time; told them to be kind to aged people. Entreated the little boys not to smoke tobacco or drink whiskey, or use prof ine language, but to keep their bodies pure, and to pray to their Father in heaven night and morning. Told them to be kind to all dumb animals, never treat them cruelly. If they would observe what was taught them they would become intelligent, great and powerful. Adjourned after singing and prayer. The evening was occupied by Y. L. M. L A. Conference, Sisters Kimball and HowardIQ giving tA yv,l afwnnf inn pAlincall flit VAIinnf cultivate the higher qualities of their natures'; and not associate with those who aro not eeeking to serve God, but use all the influence possible mental and spiritual culture, for- improver"" lightly of plural marriage, but j uoi itspeak sustain and teach it in their meetings; said the principle was elevating and ennobling. Read all good books, fill their minds with useful knowledge, for they could take that with them when they went behind the vail. Sunday morning the ladies attended the Sunday School, and Sisters Kimball and Howard each made a short and appropriate address. Sunday afternoon. The Sacrament was administered, and then the sisters were called upon to speak. Sister Kimball spoke upon obedience, the redemption of the aead, the duties which pertained to the practical work which must be done for those who had not received the Gospel here in the flesh. Said tiie Saints should be faithful to their covenants made in holy places, true to their integrity and their God. Sister Howard remarked that every good woman ought to have her name enrolled in the Relief Society; every mother should set an example before her children of truthfulness and honesty; we should live so as to have the confidence of each other, and not let pride get into our hearts. We are tried in many ways. Spoke of Abraham's trial of offering up his son Isaac, enjoined obedience to the priesthood; thought we ought to encourage homemade clothes and home manufactures of all kinds. President H. J. Grant said he was pleased to have the sisters from Salt Lake City visit them: felt he could endorse all the3f had said. He had always been acquainted with the Relief Society work; knew it was the mothers who formed the characters of their children; realized these organizations were a great help to the Bishops. Apostle F. M. Lyman gave a descriptioninci-of the Goose Creek country, and related some dents of his travels with Apostle Erastus Snow. Said the company in which they traveled, consisting of fourteen or fifteen persons, always at-to tended regularly to prayers, asking the Lord preserve them, etc. Spoke of the kind and obliging conduct of a young boy who was with them, how he admired his manner; he could not help making mention of his good conduct. Bishop E, Hunter said he hoped they would rwollect and put in practice all that had leen said to them, etc. Pre. Grant made a few closing remarks, and 