WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TRUE WIVES AND TRUE MOTHERS. A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN. KATB BBOCKBXITK. ATTBCTKWATBXT nrSCBIBED TO MKS. Zina D. H. Young. Down, down In the valley Love leads them to stay; True wives and tree mothers, Their hearts must obey. , CONTINUED. In the journey of the Saints from Nauvoo, the facte, there were several settlements made by it Oft, their lot 'tis to labor, Unpraised, unperceived ; Tlst-ne'ecomprehended, Theood they achieve. Ere the blessing is vanished, We prize not the boon ; When mother is missing, ' What home is in tune ? : r ; What - Two little words coven Hew easy to speak then . True wife and true mother. Uow hard is the titlh To earn and maintain ; Only won, only purchaeed By patience and pain. T1b easy to toil When the world is agaze, When the months of the many ' Are speaking tmr praise, When we know that the future Oar record will write, That as recognized heroes Our names will be bright ; self-abnegati- on s ' .'' r But to bear up the burthens Of every day life, To shoulder the duties Of mother and wife The numberless duties, That nobody sees ; What praise is awarded Such labors as these ? Take heart, weary mothers, Strive on, as you've striven, Your task is the noblest To womanhood given. Your mission Is weighty, . .It also is grand, For bodies and sou 8 Tls your charge to expand; Yea, bodies and souls Must the mother prepare For the battle of life, For its labor and care. 1 The duties of mothers Why forever remind them Of duty and care, Who carry life's burdens, E'en all they can bear ? Would that mine' were the pleasure To cheer you Indeed, For 'Us help and more leisure That mother's most need. ' . Tour works shall extend Past tho portals of Time, Resulting in blessings, Eternal, sublime. No marble may mark . Where your bodies shall rest, Proclaiming your virtues Of talents the best. No public may eulogize Souls ao obscure ; . But your VusehoIds will Weas you, And mlrfyon, I'm enre, L. City.,. Ehilt Hill Woodmawsm. - , 3- - is well known to those acquainted with the way, resting places for the poor, weary exiles: over one of these, called Mt, Pisgah, Father Huntington was appointed to preside, and his daughter, Zina D., with her two little boys, remained with her father temporarily. None but those who have experienced something of the hardships of pioneer life, can comprehend the many trials and difficulties bravely encountered by of the Latter-da- y Saints exodus and this their during journeying to the valley. Sister Zina very pathetically describes some of the incidents which transpired at Mt. Pis-gaSickness visited the camp; the Saints were weary and worn with travel and overexertion, and fell an easy prey to the destroyer, when once attacked with illness which prostrated them. There were no delicacies to be procured for those in ill health; though loving hands might minister, and all that tender care could do might be done, but in many instances it could' not save, and one after another succumbed to disease and death. Sister Zina says: "Sickness was so prevalent, and deaths so frequent, that help enough could not be obtained to make coffins, and many of the dead were wrapped in their grave clothes and buried with split logs at the bottom of the grave and brush at the sides, that being all that could be done for them by their mourning friends. Too soon it became my turn to mourn. My father was taken sick; and in eighteen days he died. Like my dear mother, who died in the expulsion from Missouri, he died in the exodus from Nauvoo. Sad was my heart. I alone of all his'children was there to mourn. It was a solemn day at Mt Pisgah when my father was buried. The poor and needy had lost a friend, the kingdom of God a faithful servant. There upon the hillside was his resting place. The graveyard was so near that I could hear the wolves howling as they visited the spot; those d hungry monsters, who fain would have those sacred bones! Those days of trial and grief were succeeded by my journey to Winter Quarters, where, in due time, I arrived with my two little boys, and was warmly welcomed by President Young into his family." In Winter Quarters SSter Zina was engaged much of the time among the sick, for, possessing as she does in an eminent degree that delicacy of sympathy which brings to the human heart sweet consolation when under the most painful afflictions, she found an ample field to labor in, and by ministering to the spiritual and temporal needs of the Saints, in those days of severe trial and adversity, she engrafted herself into the affections of the people with whom she was associated, and the memory of her good works will live in their hearts for ever. The absence of the pioneers on their journey to the Rocky Mountains was a time of great anxiety to those who remained behind, and especially to those whose fathers, husbands and brothers were members of that memorable company. , The sisters held regular meetings, to pray and exercise faith for the pioneers. At these meetings Sister Zina was a regular attendant, and she is largely endowed with spirituality, "which qualifies her admirably as an active worker in such a capacity. She has, perhaps, as perfect a gift of interpretation of tongues as any person in the Church, for al though her opportunities for education in language have been limited, and she is not a poet or rhymer, yet' she gives the interpretation of hymns, psalms and sacred songs m the rao.'t the-wome- n h. unsep-ulchere- Are often portrayed And suggestions are good When the weary they aid-- Bat tho' precepts were compounds , Of wisdom and grace, It takes love and labor To rear up a race ; It takes strength and courage, And patience uncommon ; It takes all the virtues ; In'short, it takes Woman. Trios heart, faithful mothers, Be comforted even ; Your rest Is to come Your reward la In heaven. 107 musical and happy manner, without thought or hesitation. There is something divinely beautiful in thus rendering, by the gift of inspiration, words uttered in an unknown tongue. Theae seasons of refreshing among the sisters helped them to endure the weary days and almost sleepless nights, while those they so tenderly loved were plodding the sandy plains, wending their way through an unknown country to the then "promised land." After the pioneers returned with the good news of their, wonderful success in finding a peaceful home for the people of God, the homeless exiles, such preparations as could be made were arranged; every one was busy, and there was little time to visit or associate together, except in families. Sister Zina, with President Young's family, left Winter Quarters in May, 1848, and shared in the grand march to the mountains the privilege of walking, driving team, cooking out of doors, washing when camped near a river, and in all the various hardships of camp life. always ready to bless Happy and light-hearte- d, and comfort others with kind words and cheery President Young and family reached , the valley in September; his family remained in wagons and tents until he could build shelters from the inclement weather fast approaching. On the hillside, just above and a little behind house stands now, a row where the Bee-hiv- e of logs, comfortable and built of cottages was shutting out the cold, though the dirt roofs were scarcely protection from rain. In one of these Sister Zina spent the first few years in the valley; her time was almost entirely occupied with household duties, for in those days everything must be done at hame, candles, soap, starch, molasses and many other articles were manufactured by the sisters; there was little machinery of any kind. And then there was carding, spinning, dyeing, knitting, weaving, besides the making and mending of clothing, in addition to ordinary household duties. Sister Zina rather enrolled in moat of thoc domestic pursuits, and her hands were always busy. She has ever been an early riser, which is a great advantage in all industrial occupations; still she found time to help others when any were sick, or in need of a friend. In her humble log cabin she enjoyed much domestic happiness, for the touch of woman's hand refines and adorns the humble walls of the simplest cottage of the poor where love dwells, as well as the prouder, loftier mansions of the rich. Peace and contentment reigned in these quiet, unpretending homes of the Saints. Here, too, an event occurred which gave new zest to her home enjoyments; beneath this rustic roof, on the 3rd of April, 1S51, a beautiful daughter was born to Sister Ziria and . Brigham Young. The mother never considered for a moment the hardship of childbirth under these circumstances, for it bore no comparison with other trying ordeals through which she and her nisters had been called to pass. They called the babe Zina, for its mother, and.no princess of royal blood was ever more fondly beloved, or more tenderly cared for, than this little one, for Sister Zina has ever been a devoted mother. Subsequently the Lion House was erected, the log row, as it was called, was no longer occupied for dwellings, and in that house was Sister Zina'a home. Here her children grew to manhood and womanhood, under the guiding care and protection of a wise and loving father and mother, Sister Zina has also, in addition to her own family, had charge of several other children. After the dratli of Mrs. Clarissa Chase Young, to Sister Zina was committed the care of her three children, a two daughters, Maria and Phebe; she took them to her heart and cherished them as her own; the children returned her affection and grew up uader her care and guidance. smiles. son,-Willard,- To be continued. and 