i ..." V J. J ' ft , The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the' Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 15, 1881. 10. HOLIDAY HINTS. How sweet that after lovely Spring The Summer comes on golden wing, With all its store of treasures ,; And after Autumn, grave and grand, Led by brave Winter's master band, Comes Christmas with its pleasures; Dear Christmas is the children's timfi, For Santa Claus, and blissful chime Of laughter and of sporting ; And as we elder, larger grow, A precious,splendid time, you know, For love and youthful courting. But little folks, and young folks too, While Christmas kindly smiles for you 'And me, let us remember There are some hearthstones cold and bare, Some tables with but scanty fare. And it is bleak December. And in some homes where wealth is found, Strange doubts and suffering may abound, And eyes no gladness bovow ; For death or sickness may be there, And faces pale with anxious care, And hearts o'erwroaght with sorrow. So let us humbly wish and pray God's loving hand to chase away Those pangs, so dark and dreary : That all may smile, and none may weep, But each a merry Christmas keep. And New Year bright and cheery. And while we pray, let's keep In view We're &lso something else to do, Who in this day are living ; Nor let our minds bo fondly set On presents we may hope to get, But what we would be giving. . Whatever good our Father sends, Ltt us still recollect, my friends, My sisters and my brothers, That nothing can so truly bless, Or bring such perfect happiness, As doing good to others. As Jesus died that we might live, 80 let us heed and reverence give To this unfading sample ; And while His birth we celebrate, Strive In our lives to Imitate His pure' and high example. - How wide the childish eyes open, and with what gladness the little voices ring as the bright, shining spectacle of the Christmas tree is shown to them. Yes, such are the Ghristmas times but I recall with sweet pleasure the time when beautifuLthings were not quite so plentiful, but the Christmas was just as gay. We had no great evergreen trees then, all filled with shining lights and rare and costly toys, but we had a line of little stockings all hanging round the chimney corner, and each little heart had perfect faith that Santa Claus would bring him or her something nice- - How we abated to go to bed Christmas eve, thinking that if we might sit up the great Christmas king would come and we could see him; but he never comes where little ones are naughty, so we had to mind our dear mother, and saying a sweet goodnight, we would bend in prayer, and then, hush softly to sleep. All was still and quiet, and I fancy now I see the dear, kind heart moving noiselessly around, filling the tiny stockings with the little things that made our hearts so glad. Then in the cold, frosty "mornings how early we used to wake in those days each little one would pop out of bed, and claim her stocking so full of goodies now, so empty when5 she saw it last ; with what unspeakable delight we used to draw out, one by one, the little toy, the nuts, the candy, all sweeter and prettier than ever because it was Christmas. Yes, this was a day when we laid aside all our troubles and harsh feelings, when we all tried to make each other truly happy. Let us pause in the midst of our fun and rejoicings, and spend a few moments in sweet thanksgiving for this blessed day. We will think of Him who gave us light, who brought the pure knowledge of Christianity, and of the One who was crucified to redeem the woild. What a day should it be the day when our Savior was born! Rejoice all the world, and sing praises for this blessed day, the anniversary of the birth of our dear Savior. Yes, the memories of this day are sweet; sweeter, perhaps, by being mellowed with time. The rejoicings of this day are happy, and happy may they always be. A merry, bright Christmas to all my friends, and may the future be as beautiful to you all as the dear past is to me. "how-a-day- s; ' . CHRISTMAS. Annie. Christmas is coming! Christmas is coming ! the cry sounding all around. AH the shop windows are filled with such pretty and wonderful little things, making the; children stare, and shriek with delight And many times we' hear some little voice Bay, wonder what Santa Claus will bring to me." At home the hands are all so busy, and every one is so very sly, so A3 to keep the pretty gift asocret until the .merry day. , the: "Yes, gay, joyous holiday is ; near the . time1 of great rejoicings and the time when all hearts are filled with love and kintoess,the time when we truly feel, to. act by h the Golden Rule dounto others as we would be;doiiybyi nThe happy time brings torth many sweet rejections .in the hearts of aIl:VChildren recall with the utmost' the joy bright Christmas tree, allowing with its little' wax candles and glistening ornaments. With what delight the toys are received -- and what! a noisy day it is, with its trumpets and drums and bells, and all its bright and pretty things! is HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS. . : fun-makin- -- g; Mankind in general and in all ages! have had a desire to become noted; to do something which shall call forth, or be worthy of admiration, or in some degree benefit the human race. To accomplish this object in the most expedient way is the chief aim of life. Our aims and desires differ as qur dispositions, and the methods employed in accomplishing the desired object perhaps vary as much as they. It is necessary that every one select an occupation that is suitable to him.' He should then strive to adapt himself to this profession, so be odious, and as slightly that it shall in no way ' v irksome as possible. It is no uncommon thing for people to say that to become' great, the individual must possess- abilities superior to the average class of mankind. This is decidecjjy a mistake; genius h' desirous, but not; necessary to success. In reviewing the lives of eminent men and women, -- ! No. 14. that genius often succumbs, where enand endurance prevail. Neither do we ergy wish to ignore wealth, position, or natural talents. The individual who possesses these, accompanied with will and determination, will be sure of success, and happy is he who is thus we find fovored. There is, however, no need for speculation on the subject. No doubts need be entertained respecting our final success, if we adopt and carry out the plans of those who have been successful.- - Relying upon history, we find that the most noted men, those who have stood upon a pinnacle of greatness, have attained this degree of eminence by their indomitablo will and perseverance. The genius may become famous sooner than the man of ordinary abilities; but to him who overcomes the greatest obstacles, "the greatest credit is due. But, how often we attribute to natural ability that which is the result of energy and perThe admirer of a lovely picture severance. might be heard to exclaim: "That artist has a refined soul, rare genius, lofty imagination,'' etc. He forgets that the parts in the picture which demand his praise are the result of a g careful and stndy. Or, perhaps we visit the theatre to witness the skill of some renowned musician; and while we watch with wonder the dexterity of his movements, and are enraptured by the soul inspiring strains, we often become oblivious to the fact that years of patient toil and persevering practice were necessary to attain such a degree of exc&Uenoe. The scientific lecturer, who, by his diligent researches after knowledge, has made himself acquainted with the laws and objects of nature, may elicit from his audience expressions like these: "What keen perception ! " " What profound thought!"' "A mind capable of penetrating tho deepest recesses and bringing to light the hidden mysteries." No doubt his hearers become envious of his wealth of knowledge, and perhaps some are ungenerous enough to say that nature has been partial in the bestowal of her gifts. Neither should we be daunted by failures. "Failures," it has been said, "are the stepping stones to success." They excite to action and show the necessity of additional perseverance. Franklin, Lincoln, Disraeli and others are excellent examples of perseverance. They show to us what can be accomplished by men with a will and a determination to succeed. Nor need we go beyond our own community e men. Our late, esteemed friend, for Orson Pratt, was- a good illustration of this class of men. It was due to hi3 untiring energy and continual delving after knowledge that he rose from obscurity to occupy the front ranks, so that a3 an astronomer and mathematician he was seldom surpassed, or even equaled. "What man has done, man can do," has been truthfully said. Remember that we have the power to beceme good and great, if we so order our lives; or we may" become the reverse bv to diffiencouraging ' idleness and succumbing ':" "Cameo. culties: December 6, 1881. life-lon- self-mad- - Mrs. Garfield is now settled with her three younger children in their new home on Euclid avenue, Cleveland. They will remain there until April, and will then return to Mentor. The- elder Mrs. Garfield will spend the winter with the widow of her son. . : - 