WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' - blessedVith homes where a father and mother guarded over ihem, and Jiv and' union held its sacred influence in thi?ir hearts. She was not without admireisvbufthere was. no one with whom she felt to trust her Liu's , limp, flftsnffttinn the world. ; nt hpinrr "tin Awn rinpf! Tiinro on She felt deeply the parting with. James, for she had Jong since given up all thoughts of JcsscJIe too had placed a liarrltr between them that could not be overlooked. Was he happy in .so doing. Ho w many of us in our anxiety for a change7 ever ma&e one for the better.. On going to California lie resumed his business and, for awhile prospered. He built a large hotel and rented it, which brought hirh a good income. He often wrote to Minnie and sent her monev. He also informed her that ho had made a will giving the hotel to his children. iNettie and herself were all he had. To his wife he gave a valuable farm. Minnie knew little of them except what he chose to writebut rumors came that he was drinki1rghard, then there was a long silence broken'now and then with word that he was going to the-- bad. To he continued. NOTES AND" NEWS. SocialSciencb Association. The sixth , . 'production, teeming with' rich thought, the chief idea being that although woman's purpose in life will ever be, to secure the happiness .of those dear to her, yet all humanity should be dear to her, and her sphere limited only by her capacity." Valedictory in behalf of the gentlemen graduates .gave evidence of original thought and close observation of men and events. "He made a strong argument in favor of business pursuits as developing the resources, founding and sustaining the charities and improving the condition of the whole world. His voice and bearing and the fine points he made won repeated applause." Piano solo, The Storm, by a young lady. Mrs. Sara A. Spencer addressed the lady graquates, telling them the world needed them somewhere, and she trusted thev cheapen the value of their labor by besieging memuers oi Jongress lor "influence to get a chance to earn their bread. A Cabinet minister (Secretary Windom) had told her three-fouitof his time was consumed in this man She said Gen: Francis A. Walker had 'ner. reformed the civil sen-ic- e by setting an example which other departments must soon follow, of appointing women and promoting them upon merit and efficiency on equal terms with . College. "Commence- ment, May 25, 1881. Lincoln Hall, Washington, D. C, vras beautifully decorated in honor of thegraduating class of 1881. uTho .Li"-was gracefully draped with 'Hags iThd'strfamefV and adorned with, the shields of :tfcp State and' nations represented by ih" grad units.-- nod in the foreground were Imi'U ,,f ii ontl iitit rins from admiring friends.-"..There was music lv otv!vetra and Profor and Mrs. neer, Chanmr'v - 2&ttS- - history of James A. Garfield." "Rev. Chauncey Giles gave them an t open secret tos business success a worthy purpose." "Gen. Francis A. Walker then made a brief but eloquent address, in which he stated his own personal experience with the of the Spencerian Business College. graduates He said the work in his bureau was for a limited time, but being statistical it was a severe test, rf training and executive ability. He presented a schedule containing the names of Rpvpntoon graduates of this college in his Bureau; Of these not one had nroven unreUfiKle petent or inefficient. All were ranked above tne average; ana nine had attained the highest iwuiu iu mtur uivisions. in behalf ,of the public service it gave him pleasure to say he would regard a diploma of graduation "" as a sufwputcnau xusmess ficient guarantee of aualifWtiijonege . i. , uuvui fur ther, endorsement. It crave him a?d,oP1l?SUre to award the diplomas to this class - Mii delivered by D. E. cIHiinuy, m which-- he C- - IEj. EAST TEMPLE 8T DYE, DR. ELLIS Rv SHIPP. PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. Omc Z.C.M.L and RxgiDfiiics: over Contributor Office, north of Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children as special' ities. . , Of Salt Lake City and vlclnfty will find the LARGEST ilEST SELECTED STOCK of and . SHOES BOOTS, & SLIPPERS, brands Also, full and desirable lines, best O la.il drones cbe found In the West. Fine Shoes, Tour Orden are Solicited, F. AUERBAOH & BRO. a. V H A.TTE BEHOVED TO TBEIB NEW STORE, Nss. CALL AND 1244 126 EXAMINE Spring and Summer Goods. --tea TINNER, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTER. MSKPS celebrated LIFT and FORCE 00 short notice. wraersirom ed promptly responded ta Address, David Jame Box im, Salt Lakt City. KH?-Pump8lPalr- I3T WHOLESALE AXD RETAIL DEALERS DRYW?A & T A. v"h -- ' "He then, in a most pleasing and graeefiiT manner, awarded SHELF HARDWARE Erc rFvJ3 8ALT LAKE CITY. wareandSeT" the diplomas." IX OPTIONS, GROCERIES, GLASS & QUEENSWARE AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, vmioren'S Bhoes, Z08 Urtrtea, DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WANTED ' , RESPECT. A Partytopk t ?rPxieuww II.. "llV.lOC fJ1Jnn. Aant Z ULTa (, - -- 7, H. DINWOODEY, ... VrZ June 27 at Bro place Ml m hontr of his xioyisvuie daughter, Sister Emma Webb; to has been MsWard, of the oung Ladies Association for a long and Sec'y. of the Relief Society iu me nunaay nnw its organization. The Yokng and of the Relief Society met WdlpX -nC lau .v..m6, smgmg and a re. " v;ier tmoH wisnea and thanked her for past services! Th, 1 -- -- WHOUSHJE AJTD RETAIL DUJCB W FURNITURE JBIK JBS, ME ymiESSB , FQTBEBS BUI PIPE! 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY. l-- Uilw, President of rrvja Hon. Francis A. Walkrr. 'Su"jeri'nteii(lent" of the Unsus, and ,ahir dHun-ipeople were upon the platform. The salutatofv was 17 Desires the Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting: the City, to call at ber Show Rooms and see ber New Stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets, In Straw. Felt and Velvet. : Atao. a nicer Miectinn in Flowers, Feathers, Plus bee, Velvet and Ribbons In the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call. Ladles' Hair Work In all Its branches. Good Work Guarantied 1 hs (ex-offieio)..t- he SrEifCEfttA.N Business PALACE OP FASHION, No, jiui0 arc-Pros- of the Deaf Mute Asylum, Charles Nordhoff, of the Herald, and. president, secretary and treasurer of the district of Columbia Association. The livening Star, Washington, D. C. that pr. Ellen BFergu.c.im will lecture in Ogden, Logan, Kaysville, Farming-to- n and Salt Lake City, during the coming month. Sister Ferguson's ability as a lectnrer is highly spoken of both here and in the States where she resided before coming to Utah. men." Prof. Spencer addressed the voung gentlemen, "calling their attention to the inspiring Vice-President- s, association desired their delegate to represent at this Boston conference. It was especially urged that the duty the whole country: owes to the charities and other Interests of this national capital be clearly stated. The resident members of the American Social Science Association" in Washington Garfield, Gen. Francis A. Walker, Hon. John Eaton, President Welling, of. College, President-Gallaudet- It is expected , . regular meeting of the pis trie t of Columbia Social Science Association was held at the residence, of Prof, and Mrs. II. C. Spencer, Saturday evening, June 25, at 8 o'clock. Permanent officers were elected as follows: President, Mrs. Sara A.,Spencer; Hon. John Eaton, Mrs. Maria T. Walling, Hon. John Hitz; Secretary, Dr. Win. Tindall; Treasurer, Rev. A. Florida Steele. General John Eaton was elected delegate to the general meeting of the American .Social Science A,sso-- 1 ciation at Saratoga, September .5, 4881, and Hon. John Hitz was elected alternate. Mrs. Spencer, who, at the May meeting, was elected delegate to the convention of the Associated Charities Department of American Social Scionce Association at Boston, July 25, requested that an alternate be elected. Mrs Walling was elected alternate. Instructions were then gi veil as to the subjects the District r. time by the made a hit at the lavish waste U. S. Senate, which was heartily applauded. Following this a piano solo, Oberon, and then the"; ladies' valedibtory was delivered by Miss Adele "51. Garesche, of Missouri. It was a fine . happiness. When another year had passejl Mary was again left alone, with an infant daughter 'of James Wwil's she felt soroethifl'ir of the old-- ' . ROMANIA B PR a 4ie3 aDd, r,nS SeneratioA to be Su fa.thfub honest, truthful virtuous. We clo5ed by singing and prayer at ten o'elock. i Martha Wilkensox cfstreet. LB Mrukn41 tock . . East of Post Office, South side 