2C t i f WO MAN' 112 . - . I. the great multitude, of minute grooves upon it often many thousands to the inch decomreflects poses the light that falls upon it and, ' an only daughter and the' Idol of her home; her face had an unhealthy flush; and as she walked slowly homeward in the declining light of the short day, I wished that instead of being confined all day in the close school room, she might be playing out of doors In the fresh air. In a few weeks heard the story of her death from diphtheria, accompanied by an expression of wonder that that disease 'should have attacked her in her healthful home; but the cause did not seem so mysterious to me. But not only should the air in the school room be pure, but chijdren should be confined there fewer hours. A'wise physician; who had attended a little boy through a long attack of illnes3,impTessed upon his mother, when he began to recover, the necessity of his being much in the open air. '"But," objected the mother, "he is subject to sore throat, would it all weather,?" "If be Well to seijd him out-ithe" weather is very bad, it may be necessary to keep; him in a day, jmt let him be out all the more the next day to make up for it." So often was this advice repeated; that the mother could not but follow it, ana now the boy in his eighth year is stout and strong, careless of fatigue, throwing off easily any cold or slight indisposition; he has never been to school a day in his life, but spends an houra day by his mother's side learning his simple tasks, and nearly all the rest f the day is but of doors. How different it is with a child who is gent to school before the sun is very high, in these short winter days. He must be in his seat, and, with the exception of the intermission for dinner, is not released until the sun is near its setting. Surely our young children need more playtime out of doors. Another tiling closely affecting the health of children in school is the amount and kind of Btudy required from them. I am told that children between six and seven are expected to iumver promptly such questions as this: "Add s of six and of eight." to the mother Journal A of Education reports the really appalling task her daughter was required to commit to memory at home; and mother of a you ug girl in the higher grades does not fed the natural anxiety Jbr her daughter's health, at that critical age .very much intensified by the mental work and nervous worry caused by her efforts to keep up with her class? Mothers, are you contented to have no voice in determining measures anq methods which so much affect the health of your children ? "Vill you give up entirely to a body of men, whom you have not chosen; that responsibility which you would be jealous of giving up even to the child's nearest friend next to yourself? Have you not interest enough in these vital questions to take tho trouble, and; submit to the small expense of voting for school committee? With the united vote of the, women, what might not be done for the schools ? A .board of men and women might be chosen wlio would care for the children as they never have been cared for, and never can bo cared for otherwise; but the number of1 women now voting is too small to bo " felt. , F. E. B. , different hues. ger that children can sleep too abundantly, they are quite likely to become and plump. Their sleep should be as much during the hours of darkness as possible, and therefore it is better that they should go to bed before - sunset Jtohave their sleep out, than to lie long after sunrise in the morning.' It is well to let any healthful grow- ing child or young person sleep until he wakes himself, and give him such variety and amount r of exercise as shall make him glad e .when returns. good-nature- d out-doo- bed-tim- Probably there is no quality more efficient in dispelling ignorance than the courage which dares to confess it. The-- child learns fast, simply because he has no fear of being thought uninformed. He asks all manner of questions without any qualm of misgiving, and exposes his own deficiencies without any feeling of shame or distress. It is by his free and eager inquiries that he improves so rapidly. Were he afraid to show his ignorance, no one could help him out of it. The enforced school lessons would comprise nearly the whole of his education, and even they could not be adapted to his individual mental needs. As it is, every genial and person with whom he comes in contact is interested in adding to his stock of knowledge. The same privilege might be enjoyed by the adult, did not a feeling of shame prevent him from seeking knowledge in the same natural and simple way. But, as the he feel comes to that the confession years pass, of ignorance will expose him to ridicule, or contempt, or censure, and he therefore hides it under whatever pretext he can find. Ignorance, - : Cil.L - WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEMOBS, ,In DRY GOODS, NO TIQlS, GROCERIES, . SHELF HARDWARE, HEAVY GLASrf & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS,! Etc. & Of THE DI23Q Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST and BEST SELECTED STOCK of & SLIPPERS, BOOTS, fullSHOES and desirable best brands Also, lines, Xiix'o Shoos, Olaildron's I n the West. an Sdidki. t& TcwOrdcrt Geo. obo r. iDTj-r'diR- SILK, Hoine-Mad- e AT CUTIiEU'SICOMMISSIOJV STORE. H. DINWOODEY, WH0LE8ALH RETAIL DXAIJEB IN A5TD FURNITURE, SPfllSE WIHE BEDS, FUTIEIS MATTRESSES B1U flPEI BABY CAEEIAGBS: 79, First Siuth Slwet, SALT LAKE C ITiTi u1-& 75, 77, Home Made Trnuks for Sale by JOUS C. CUTLER, Agent for the PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Of "WILD FLOWEES of DESERET." Constitution lluildlng; BY AQUSTA JOYCE CROCHERON. . A SUBJECTS : RE-- I reus, Domestic, Historical, PaAb,et,a Lather, $1.50; Cloth, $L2 Ad.rfB: Mm A. J. Crocberon, Box 419 Salt Ftta?fre City. Send Money by P. Order or Registered Letter. Sentimental, SttL?1 , f a JUST ISSUED J. H. By . HEMAN, Salt Lake City, Utalr. also HOME MADE Brown Yarns, White Yarns, Blankets, Flanneis, Shawls, Linseys, 'KK'OPPqFM8OF0PAOE8. Ilfftous, Hume Yan; Colored CaesimerB,' Jeans, Battliii Ctotton ' , - Tweeds, : BroonaT ' Washboards, Brushes, Etc PALACE VF FASHION, No. fl EASp' TUPLES! Lake and ibcos ilsftlnr tl City, f whoil?dlelof and see her New Stock of f 1100,118 JSU8tr Y. The latest and most modes H&ts and Bon- MILLI-NE- li ItyBsh of nets, In Straw, Fell; and Velvet; . Also, a tike, selection la Flowers, FeatbersPlusbes, Velvet and Ribbons tothe latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, pleatoljan. ' . Ladle Hair Work In all its branches. 3oa work Quarafitasl I , P. AUERB AOH & BUO. -T- BEMOVED '' A.-- . ' - y - ; IAVP W STOBE, Nils. CALL AND EXAMINE TO THEIH V- - 124 4126 W Spring and Suininor Goods, "a , Woman's Journal, Moth kr of Peakl.- -t other connected there' My class will open Nov; 1st; 188L Those wfchtor to loin this class will please oommunlcatp with mq at once, it being- necessary to send east for books. Terms: .Tuition, ffi Lessons, $30; books, three ifi number, $12 ' 'Address, EiR. SIIIPP, M. IX, Salt take City. , Omci and Rsstdekc In Contributor btrildlnjr first door north of Z. la the art of Obstetrics kind-hearte- d . f A MANNIKIN CHART 8PB HAVING PROCURED eta, I am now prepared to give inttrucUom branches and self-conscio-us three-fourth- jIISCELiANEOUS. The illustrated in those little pnes who sleep most. Wakeful children are almost always peevish,; irritable and lean. If they can be induced to sleep n ds dan- old proverb, f,He who sleeps eats," is . if with is no Sleep For Children. Theremuch. ! two-thir- KX PO JfE N TV S DAVID. JAKES, TINNER, CAS WATER . : is Motherf-pear- l chiefly obtained from the pearl 'oyster Melea-, grhia Jararifefa --'which is found in the Gulf of California, at Panama;' Cubagua, Ceylon, lad a gascar,' Swan JUvejr, anila an.J the Society Islaptfs; The Ma Manila are "most highly; prized. ," The '.Society Islands furnish the silver-lippe- d sort,' and Panama the "bullock" shells.' The' peculiar and varied tints exhibited by moiher:of-pear-l is due to the structure of purface, which, owing to nm -- i! '. RJ?MSEY pPJfoff David t&7 Addrtm, & STEAM FlfTER. ( It 21--- oeiebrated on abort notfc? ''. and " fOECE Orders frt ' Jamtti HoxdMr Salt LakiOit?' Li IB trrui " : (Second Year.) cts. por copy, UbCral dL,,COUnl wUl be Mowed to Ounvat- - oiui AJAjxjb ' Special toepartmmts'll' G mix . C&.r Ladles . and ChlldfOrt-- s ' fehoes? waandlJoveal DB8tic't qroo8Ties, DRIED FRBITS;0 , and Dtj Hard u 