WOMAN'S EXPONENT. as strictly to them, as have their far off peace- able neighbors (who believe in and practice the principle of "minding their own business"), their own garthey might possibly nave kept dens from being overrun with those rank weeds and briars, the thorns of which will yet tear and pierce their .tender, flesh till they are reminded of the innocent blood which they have caused to be shed, and of the tears of the widow and the fatherless and the oppressed exiles, who patiently endured long years of poverty and suffering, brought upon us in consequence of their cruel and wicked falsehoods. It would be well for them if they would stop arid reflect a little, and instead of shutting their eyes and ears listen to the voice of truth, and let common sense and reason govern them monster," that fills instead of that "green-eye- d their mouths with lying words, and "Slander, the foulest whelp of sin." It was this that caused Cain to slay his righteous brother, Abel, and the Jews to hate and crucify the Savior, and to kill the Apostles and Prophets, because they would not forsake their religion; and as ihey have severely felt the result of it, so is this nation now feeling the scourging hand of ; the Almighty. To be continued. ERE COMES THE NIGHT. What though bo difficult is life at best? "What though so longingly we sigh for rest ? Tet must we i atiently keep doing, lest Lost is one moment of the precious light ? Upon our right and left, Death's shadows fall. Shrouding the high and low, the great and small ; " Work while 'tis day," e'en thus their voices call, Ere comes the night. The day is nearly spent, low sinks the sun; Our friends are a!l departing, one by one; AlmoBt, we wish our needful task was done That we might enter yon Elysium bright; But oh ! my soul, be not the least deceived Mortals must work, though weary and aggrieved, For here a victory must be achieved, Ere comes the night. . Oh, life! so brief, fraught with results so graDd, Nor morn, nor evening, should we our hand ; stay The living claim our help, the dead demand Remembrance, too who died without the light ; Duties of different grades,1 forever Mending Labors of love, our human strength transcending; Yet must these tasks be done; that seem unending, Ere comes the night. Willing Ilk ppirit, but the flesh is frail; Unnumbered Ills our best resolves assail; We fear, lest at the last our strength should fail Ere to eternal bliM we earn the right, Lest, sore discouraged, sinking in dismay, Losing the light of Faith's celestial raV( We even mjght become a castaway Ere comes the night. Oh, Thou, Who knowest whose desire is pure, Oh, Thou, " Whose mercy dost for aye endure " Help us to everlasting Jives sec are, Before this fleeting life shall vanish quite. So much, so much 'tis needful he should do Deign to assist us, and our strength renew;' W ithout Thine aid we never can get through Ere comes th night. But oh I the tranquil rest, so sweet and sound, Of the worn body, in the quiet ground, Ob!iVl0n' 1111 The Trumpet's sound ' ' the dost, by God's supremest might. And oh! the full expansion of the spirit, -t- will no more inherit; Ah! but bliss we how must merit, Ere comes the night, r1 felling S. L. Oity. Berlin. ElaLT PrGSldent Garfiel Woodmahseje. nas been held in A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN. Zina D. H. Young. CONTINUED. In the preceding chapter of the history of Sister Zina an error was made in the name of her grandmother on the mother's side, which was Dorcas Dimock instead of Diantha-'a- s stated. The Huntington family embraced the Gospel at a very early day in .Watertown, N. Y., and Zina D., when only fifteen, was baptized by the Patriarch Hyrum Smith, August 1, 1835, and shortly after went to Kirtland with her father's family. Sister Zina had many wonderful spiritual manifestations while very young. On one occasion, at a fast meeting in the Kirtland Temple, she heard a whole invisible choir of angels singing; there seemed to be myriads of melodious voices, whose sweet and tuneful harmony filled the spacious building. She was also in the same Temple at the memorable Pentecost, when the Spirit of God filled the house like a mighty rushing wind. Zina was also one of the members of the Kirtland Temple choir, of whom there are at present but a small number living. The Huntingtons removed with the Saints from Kirtland to Far West, Mo., Zina accompanying thera. In Missouri she, in common with others, experienced many very severe trials and encountered great hardships, through the persecution brought against the people of God. Although only a young girl, she had great faith, and her integrity to the Gospel was as unflinching then as now. On the 18th of April, 1839, the Huntington family, including Zina D., left Far West for Illinois, arriving at Quincy on the 25th inst, and reaching Commerce, afterwards called Nauvoo, on the 25th of May. The Saints were very poor, and many of them were suffering from fever and ague, and other diseases brought on by privation and hardship; they had been driven from their homes in Missouri, without any preparation for journeying, and had suffered beyond tne powTer of pen to portray. Mrs. Huntington, Zina D's mother, was taken with a congestive chill, on the 24th of June, and afterwards one after the other of the family succumbed to disease consequent upon fatigue and privation, until there was only a boy twelve years old to give them even a drink of cold water. During this time of affliction the Prophet Joseph, with his characteristic sympathy for all suffering, showed thera great kindness, doing all in his power to comfort them, and at one time made them tea with his own hands. Early in the morning of the 8th of July, 1839, Sister Huntington's spirit took its flight, without even a groan or a quiver of the lip. There were only two of the family able to follow her remains to their last resting place on earth. Zina says: "Thus died my martyred motnerl The Prophet Joseph often said that the Saints who died in the persecutions were as much martyrs 6f the Church, as was the Apostle David Patten, who was killed in the defense of the Saints, or those who were martyred at Haun's Mill. And my beloved mother was one of the many bright martyrs of the Church in those dark and terrible days of persecution." Sister Zina was married in Nauvoo, and had two sons born to her, Zebulon and Chariton. marIt was a most unhappy and riage, and she subsequently separated from the husband who was so little suited to be a com-- " Joseph Smith panion for her through life taught her the principle of marriage for eternity, and she accepted it as a divine revelation, and was sealed to the Prophet for time and all ternity, after the order of the new and everlasting covenant. Sister Zina was an active member, although ill-assort- ed 99 quite a young woman,, of the first organization of the Relief Society at Nauvoo, and was practically interested in the benevolent work of that institution. When the Temple had been so far completed as to admit of ordinances being, performed therein, Sister Zina did not hesitate to go forward and receive the blessings and endowments given there to the faithful Saints. She was united in marriage for time to Brigham. Young, and with the Saints left,Nauvoo in the wintry month of February, and crossed the Mississippi River on the ice. Many were the hardships of that eventful period, but ina wa3 ever true, full of courage, inspired with faith, and able to comfort others in the darkest hours of that weary pilgrimage; . To be continued. NOTES AND NEWS. The Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Society will devote its special effort this winter toward securing municipal suffrage for woman. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company is making an effort to abolish the improper use of the word "depot." The word station is to be used on its lines henceforth, and even the great "Union depot" at Pittsbnrg is hereafter to be known as the ''Union station." Richard Grant White is thus indorsed. The word depot means a place of storage of goods. Station is the correct word. Railroads may have their depots for freight, bufnot for passengers. Mr. Edgar Bruce, the lessee of the Prince of Wales Theatre, iuay congratulate himself upon being the only manager who has had the honor of producing a play in the presence of her Majesty, Queen Victoria, for more than twenty years. That period has elapsed einoe the Queen, in company with one or two of her children, went to the Adelphia Theatre to see "Colleen Bawn;" and from that time forth her Majesty, formerly so ardent a supporter of the drama, has never been iriside a theatre no? an opera house. The Prince of Wales, however, deeming it likely that the Queen, whose highland home is so close own, would be induced to patronize a theatrical entertainment, if given at Abergeldie, summoned Mr. E. Bruce, who was at the time, performing the "Colonel" at Edinburgh, and proposed to him tofit up a stage and bring his company to Abergeldie Castle. Mr. ruce, aided by some local talent, soon turned the huge coach houses of the Castle into a charming miniature theatre, and on Tuesday night produced, before a large and .distinguished audience, the .comedy which has been -- running attb & Prints of Wales since February last. Her Majesty arrived from Balmoral punctually at nine o'clock, and this was the signal for the other guests, who had assembled in the hall at Abergeldie, to pass into the theatre. Among those present were Beatrice, Louise, &c. &c. As her Majesty entered the room Ihe band struck up the National anthem, and the welcome accorded to the royal to,-u- s party was of.a jraost exxieptio The comedy at once commenced, an 1 despite the somewhat cramped dimensions of the stage, and the still more trying ordeal of such an unusually brilliant audience, the actors acquitted themselves admirably, and the constant applause and laughter testified to the satisfaction with which the "Colonel" was received at Abergeldie. The curtain fell upon the lastact at half past eleven o'clock, and her Majesty, who had thoroughly enjoyed the performance, expressed to Mr. Bruce (who was her presented to her by the Prince of Wales)aftergratification and approval. The Prince wards entertained the company to nipper. more Probably now the public may see a little of their beloved Queen. ture. 