W i , . , . ( ec. Relief Society, Evanston. ber 11th, Lucinda Vanloeen, of okl age. Deceased was born at Loraine, Jefferson County, N.Y., August 12th, 1813; was baptized in Upper Saints to Kir ttand, Ohio; fa 'i854rom'theiic to lftinois and emigrated to Utah in 1852. She died as she Saint. She Jived, a faithful Latter-da- y leaves a husband, eight children, and a large circle of friends ' to mourn her loss. Hhe was a D. E. D . member of our Relief Society. Cana-uVJikJB33,jf- tn 13, of congestive chills, Margaret Williams. Deceased , leaves a rmsband, eight children and a hot of friends, who have cause to remember her as a faithful wife, a devoted mother, a good Saint. She was neighbor and a true Latter-da- y o a member, our Relief Society, and had served faithfully as secretary fox. several years, and set an example worthy of imitation ed rom death .unto life eternal. M.I. She lias , D. pass- E. D. A. AND FRBIARY REPORTS. RELIEF BOCIETY BRANCH REPORTS FROM ENGLAND We are favdred with the following extract from a letter recently received by Sec'y. S. M. Kimball from Elder T. Griggs, Islington, LondoiU Odr ConferaUca was held last Sundays arid I gathered eome items relative to Relief Society work in thi3 Conference. PresL S. Hoskelly who is .very active in the interest of all, that pertains to the advancement of the interest. of. the Kingdom of God, laid before the ladies certain Sterns of information and encouragement .contained, in your note which I assure you were very acceptable. From the reports tj rjsrJoskelly I cull the following. There aro fliree branches of the Relief Society in this 'Conference to wit. The "Shite Chapel with a wemlership of ten ladies wm) have since MarcVilh, t79 to Sept. 29th, lSW), made 291 visiljectAj in tho pame length of Juno 6, C X . ization in many ways. The present officers are: Pres. Avis Cross. First Coun. Frances Cornell, Second Coun. Mrs. Frankland Sec. Lovina Cross, Treasurer Angie Cross. The Lambeth R. S. Branch having also a membership of ten ladietf was organized Jan. 9th, 1877. They are diligent in the good work of alleviating the poor and afflicted and comforting those that mourn: They have to Sept. 30th, 1880 collected and disbursed 4,3,7. Their officers are Pres. Mrs. Beeching 1st. Coun. Emily Ryan, 2nd, Coun. Emma Brown, Sec. Nellie Armitage, Treas. Jane Hills. These Societies have, many difficulties to encounter, the members are scattered over a radius of some 12 to 15 miles in their enormous city of more than 4,000,000, inhabitants, and while they have their own burdens, cares and privations to endure,yet withal find time and means to carry on the Society work? and thus comfort and bless their fellow beings. God bless them i my desire continually I send as an item of interest the" first minutes recorded in the White-chapSociety branch record. March 4th, 1874. This Wednesday-evenin- g branch was organized by Pres. R. T. Burton of the London Conference, assisted by the branch Pres. Peter Romerell and others of the Priest- el "rhoI3 memoers nomine present at me meeung. Romerell Elder encouraged the sisters to faithfully carry out the duties connected with the Society and a great amount of good would be the result. Elder R. T. Burton followed with good instructions and an interesting account of the Relief Society in his ward at home in Zion. The teachers received by donations the .amount of six shillings and sixpence t the close of the meeting.' Adjourned to next Wednesday evening. Benediction by Elder R. T. Burton. H. H. Edenborongh, Sec'y. y'- The annual meeting of the R. S. Grass Valley Ward was held in the Grove August the 3rd, 1880. Pres.Margereth Anderson, presiding. There were present, of the presidency of the Stake, Brothers A. K. Thurber. W. Seeg-millalso of the presiding ladies of the R. S. of the Stake Pres., E. Bean and T. Thurber also of P. A., Pres. L. Heppler and Lucy Bell, and others of the leading brethren and sisters of the Stake. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer the annual report was read by the Sec'y., as follows: Statistical: Teachers, 11; members, 61; officers and members, 79; meetings held 24; average attendance, 42: Woman's jExfonfnt, 13. Financial: On hand at our last annual report, property $55. 19 cents; wheat, 21 bushels 281bs., receipts for the year, property, 857. 57cts., made by labor, 53. 50c. total $111. -- 07 cents.' Disbursed: Manti temple, $16,55; er missionaries $1.50; home-indust- ry 5. 70; build- -' ings.$13. 80; poor and sick, 15. 40; books and stationery 4. 15, total, 57. 16; in treasury $109. 09; wheat 35 bushels 27 lbs. Sister E. Bean addressed the congregation in her usual instructive arid pleasant way, snoko of the duties renting the mothers in upon the raising of their children and being one with property our husbands and the necessity of every woman having ri testimony for herself. Sister. T. Thurber encouraged and exhorted the young to improve their time in usefulness. Bro. George Bean gave a very interesting account of the celebration of the 24th of July in S. L. City; and spoke of the necessity of our being united in these trying times. Sister L; Heppler spoke of the mothers needing the Spirit of God, to enable us to raise our children in a right arid acceptable way before God, said we should teach our boys to honor their callings in the priesthood. She loved to see our homes ornamented with our own handiwork and thought the Lord was pleased with our Bro. A. K. Thurber made some very interesting and encouraging remark?, said the sisters held the priesthood in connection with their husbands, and had a right to lay hands on the sick and bless them in the name of Jesus. He thought the sisters kept a better account of their business than the breth ren. An organization of the Burrville Relief Society was then eiFected by their own request. home-industr- -- Octo- Died at Clifton, Oneida Co., Idaho, June em Eliza Fames. . The North London R. S. Branch was organized Feb. 1875, since which time to Sept 30th, 1880. thev have collected 29. 15, 8. and dis tributed 28. 15,0 leaving thera with a balance on hand of 1,0,81. They have a membership of ten ladies energetic and liberal affording very acceptable support to "the branch organ- railroad since herdeath. phe joined the Church when very young, apd shared, in the persecutions of the Sainton the early rise of the Church; wa personally acquainted with the Prophet Joseph At one time when Joseph mith was being tarred and feathered by a mob, child of hers Was lying dead and she was bliged to keep it m her trunk unable to bury it account of the terrible persecutions of the Saints at that time. She was a faithful member tf the Relief Society of this "Ward, and held the office of treasure up to the time of her demise, and died in the hope of a glorious resurrection with the just. May she rest in peace. Miss S. Maud Burton, Died at Clifton, Oneida County, Idaho, and thejr and Treas. Elizabeth Young, First Coun. Susan Whitpin Second Coun. Susan Waterfall, Sec'y. en X SBP O lTEiTr 13, 9, all of which they have distributed, since their organization March 4th, 1879 have assisted thirty three (33) persona to are:: Pres., grate. The present officers , , Died in Evanston, Wyoming, Nov. 12th, 1880, 9i' consumption, Mrs. Sarah Elliott Wade, daughter of Da vidjand Margery Quick Elliott, Urn at Ithaca, Tomkins County, New York, on October 23d, 1 826 JwatJ?motUer ot.Uii children, nine pf,wiom were living at the time of her death, one having been killed on the R. S , Y. L. MAN r i Elder, John Morgan, and immediately emigrated, with' his famHy to Utah, was baized by Elder A. F.' MacDonald at St. George, and worked on tlie Temple during his residence there. He removed to Prove, and then to Salt Lake City, here he resided until his decease. During the ABt two years his mental faculties were much impaired by old age and' affliction, but he departed in theiaithof the Gospel, and In peace with ' E. B. F. , all mankind. ' O home-indiisU- y. y . Meeting' was adjourned with singing. Benediction by Bishop J. H. Wright. After partaking of a hearty din ner in the grove we enjoyed ourselves in a social party there being a good floor in the bowery which place was neatly ornamented with the of the R. S., and Y. L. M. I. A., and the Primary Associations of the Ward. The Spirit of God was with us and peace and harmony and all seemed to enjoy themselves Prevailed and old, and said it could not have been better in the older setlements. We all feel to thank our Heavenly Father for the many blessings we enjoy, we also realize that the Exponent is a valuable paper and is a great helpand guide to us in our different associations, and we wish it success that jt may be enlarged,and may grow and prosper and do ' , . , great good . home-industr- y in-Zio- n. Maugereth Anderson, Mary Jensen," Sec'y- Pre-?- - The Relief Society Conference, Salt Lake Stake, commenced in the Council House, Fri- preday, Dec. 17, 1880, Mrs. M. Isabella HomeCounHome's Mrs. were On the stand siding. selors Mrs. E. S. Taylor and S. M. Heywood, also Mrs. 8. M. Kimball, Secretary Central organization R. S., Mrs. E. Howard, Stake SecreR. tary R. 8. and Mrs. B. W. Smith, TreasurerExWoman's editor Wells B. Mrs. E. S., and ponent. Meeting opened by stnging "Let Zion in her beauty rise," prayer by Mrs. E. Howard, singing "Amid scenes of confusion," etc. Minutes of former conference were read and accepted. Reports from most of the wards in the city and the settlements in the country. Prest.Horne gave instructions about reports,and said it was necessary to have semi annual reports, to hand to the brethren at the April and October Conferences. These could be made out for the Relief Society Conferences held in March and September, which could then be prepared in time by the Stake Secretary to hand to the Secretary of the first presiding board. Mrs. Lucy B. Young, who had just returned from a visit to the Eastern States, occupied the remainder of the forenoon in giving an account of her journey. She left Salt Lake City,July 21, 1880: previous to leaving her home in St.George. President McAllister blest her, and she had felt the spirit and power of his blessing rest upon her during her absence from the valley. She visited her relatives and friends in various parts of the State of New York, all of whom received her kindly, and were desirous of having her remain longer. She also visited Niagara Falls and other places of public resort, and spent sometime in New York City, Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, and other noted places. Her experience in the world led her to believe that women or ability, possessing intelligence and a correct knowledge of the principles of the inEverrelasting Gospel, might do muchour peomoving the prejudice against lecture, ple, were they sent oat to travel andwas from When it wai known that Mrs. Young Rn Utah, and was a pluraj wife pf Present . 