WOMAN'S EX PONEN T. ties, mitts, gloves and other useful articles, and will wash and wear even better than the colored material. ; Tiik Sisters Conference of this Stake of Zion will be held this week commencing oh the 17th, at 10 o'clock A. M., in the 14th, Wari Assembly Rooms. The next day 18th, will be devoted to the Primary Association in the morning and in the afternoon to the Y. L.M.I. A., and it is expected will be held in. the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. Bishops, parents and all those who are interested in the work of these organizatrons are cordially Invited to attend these gatherings. The Old Folks' Excursion, according to previous notice, will take place on the 22ri J anniversary of JBishop Hunter's birthday. The place of destination will be Farr8 Grove, Ogden. The affair being in the hands of such an efficient committee cannot fail to bo a complete success. There will.be a special choir for the occasion, who are now practicing so as to be able to cheer and inspire the old people with some stirring melodies suitable for such an occasion. God bless the Old Folks and those who respect age and seek to comfort their lonely years. Monday May 23d, Sisters Zina D. H. Young and M. Isabella Home left this city to attend the Sisters Conference of Seveir Stake and visit the various settlements In that vicinity. At Gunnison cn the way down they held two meetings with the Relief Society and Primary Association. At Salina they held a general meeting and .then went on to Richfield, where the Conference was held the 28th and 27th of May. They alsavisited Monroe, Glen wood, Joseph, Vermillion, and all the other towns in the county. At each of these places the sisters held two meetings, and at Redmund, Sister Zina organized the young ladies. In Seier Stake, the sisters held about 30 meetings. From Sevier Stake the ladies went on to Sanpete,expectrag to hold meetings m that county, but Sister Home was taken sick and obliged to return h6me. An appointment having been given out in Manti, Sister Zina filled the appointment. Sister Home's IieaKh has improved since her return. EI-sin- or, - The second annual meeting of the Primary Association of West Jordan was held on Tuesday June 7, in the Ward meeting house at 10 o'clock. There was a very; full' at tendance,of the children and quite a number of parents. The children performing their respective parts of the programme admirably. There were also several articles on exibitlon made by the children which prove that great interest is being ; taken 'in developing their talent and ability for active usefulness. The Association has a very efficient board of officers. Mrs. Mary Bird President, Mrs. Maria GofT and Mrs. Mary Ann Turner Counselors. There were quite a number of ladies from the city present who were all most hospitably, entertained and feasted with strawberries In the afternoon the children had a dancing party in charge of the ladle? of the Primary Association and Brother Samuel Bate man, who ' preserved most excellent order with tw Tmiidred children, many, of them very young. Refreshments were distributed in the Hall to all present. Altogether the .aflair was an. jenjoyable one. Bishop Gardner came during the afternoon Ye will publish at another time the programme . - exercifces. ...Jt . . " ; "Geu3 for the Young Folbsthe fourth book of the "Faith Promoting Series" has been recently ssued from the office of the "Juveniie Iristruqt-- , r.? It Is quite as nterestlrig as .eith'er of Ihe others, anid they are jCertainlyjan 'acquisition to the libraries of tn'e yb'imgcpebpie,Aarid indeed to the Saints old and young. This last book con tains the almost marvelous story of Abraham Kimball, which, is every word true, and the half is not told. We were acquainted with, the mother and grandparents of this . young mau, and have always considered that his history was a grand testimony of the truth of this Latter-da- y work, and especially so of Plural Marriage. His grandfather's confession to him every one ought to read. The book contains many strong testimonies to the truth from several traveling Elders stories of their missions, trials and persecutions. A chapter entitled "Overcoming Diffidence," by G. Q..C, will be an excellent lesson for the young people. Altogether the book is most entertaining. The "Instructor" Office is doing an excellent work in publishing suitable reading for the Saints. For sale at the office of the "Juvenile Instructor" and "Deseret News." OBITUARIES. Died: at Littleton, Morgan County, Utah, of heart disease, May 13, 1881,Harriet f'ayne, wife of Elder Joseph Spenblove. Deceased was born atMedburne,Leicesterhire, England, April 14, 1833. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaiuts) confirmed and March 6, 1853, by Wm. Mellows, She Mason. emigrated wita her fam . by James iiy to Utah in 1865. The same year she came to y Littleton where she resided until her death. the 15th of September On 1878, she was appointed President of the Milton Ward Relief Society over which she presided with dignity,honor, and credit until the time of her demise. The funeral, which was very largely attended, took place in the Molton meeting house on Sunday, May 15th. Addresses were delivered on the occasion by Bishop Eli Whitear, and many others, who spoke in the highest terms of commendation of the life, character and usefulness of the deceased. Sister Spehdlovo was widely known, and much beloved by the people of Morgan County. She lived the life of a true Saint, and died with the sure and certain hope of a of eternal life. ion Died: In Moroni, Sanpete Co. April 29 1881. Sarah Kellet Of dropsy. Shi was bom in Ash-to- n Underline Lancashire England 1842. She was the wife of John Kellet deceased. After an illness of several months which was borne with resignation to her Father in Heaven, her faith in the priesthood being firm and unshaken to the last. She left four orphan children them to the Lord and to the care of ber parents.' She was a member of our Relief : ; tm-mendi- ng Society and when able to attend meeting always bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gos. pel of Jesus Christ. She has passed through many trials for the sake of her religion and worked liard in order to support her children. May she rest in peace until she is called forth in the morning of the first resurrection. " Jane Bailey. , '. . AM AND A. SMITH. .. . continued. During the time we lived in NauvoOjPresident .Joseph Smith organized a Relief Society. Sister Smith became a member' of its first organization and greatly rejoiced in the ' benevolent work; much good was accomplished -- by- it. The. women of, our people know how to sympathize wUh suffering humanity and flo weep with those that weep," and are well calculated to minister to the needa of their fellow creatures temporal and 'spiritual.- There were many sick and poor in Nauvoo in consequence of lbe jnobbmgs and drivings they had lust past through, ond ague was 'prevalent all along the liver and indeed inland kas well. So that the : - 13 people had, the fever and ague to contend against in the midst of all their other difficulties. The Relief Society, did much good work in many ways although at that time it was a new thing for a woman to lead out in any public matter. President Smith had confidence in woman's ability to performe errands of importance as the following will prove; in July 1842 it was suggested that some measure be taken by the Relief Society to interest the (government of in protecting the Prophet Joseph from his enemies in Missouri; it was decided that a petition from the Relief Society bo presented to Thomas Carlin Govenor of the State of Illinois claming his protection as chief magistrate. The Governor's residence was in Quincy fifty miles south of fcauvoo. Joseph Smith wished the ladies to make the effort themselves, and himself named the sisters who were-- to bathe bearers of the petition. Mrs. AmandaSmith, the subject of this biography, was honored by him as one of thethree ladies, chosen, to fill this mission. The petition was .signed by every member of the Relief Society. ' The Govenor received the ladies with "cordiality and politeness," assuring them that "the laws and constitution should be his polar star in case of any difficulty." However it wa3 afterwards ascertained that a . t that very time he was "secretly plotting against the rights and safety of Pres. Smith." But whatever thejesult the ladies had nobly manifested their zeal and courage and the Prophet appreciated their faefforts. This instance is worthy of record as it the first mission of kind women of this the undertaken by the Church. "In July 1817 we started from Nauvoo intending to go witli the Saints to the Rocky Mountains, but for the , waut of sufficient means for so long a journey, we were compelled to stop in Iowa.. We remained until . the year 1850 when we took up our line of march forSalt Lake City, arriving on the 18tb, of September safe and well. Shortly after we arrived in this city my husband who had ;leii for some time dilatory in his duties, apostatized from 'the fajth and .we separator r J took the children with me and provided, for myself. I managed my. own affairs and succeeded by practising industry and economy in taking care of my family until Alma grew to manhood; he has been more than a son to me. In 185(j my son Alma was called upon a mission4o the Sandwich Islands. He had been married a year or two pvevious and had already one son." Sister Smith is a woman of exceeding great faith, sho seems to have possessed the gift of faith in a wonderful degree; her life abounds with incidents iii. which the power of God has been manifested in the healing of the sick. She says "I have drank the bitter dregs of the cup of sorrow and affliction, as well as partaken of the blessing of an all merciful God. I have drank from the fountain of the waters of life freely. I have seen the Lord's power manifest to a great degree. I have seen the' lame leap as an hart, the eyes of the blind open and as it were, the dead raised to lifeall in my own family since I have been a member of the Church" of Jesus Christ.' I have lKrne six children since receiv, ing the Gonpr-l- and ofthes-- five were born withbuipain through the power of the priest-Jioo- d of God, and I feel that cf all women I have the greatest reason to rejoice; and thank my Heavenly Father; and I do tha& and praise his holy name for hi. 'blessings to me: and I do desire that I may ever be kept faithful unto the end that I rany receive the reward of the just. I will relate one or two occurrences which transpired in my own haute showing tho power of .... faitli in healing." "Wills rf iiiy Mfct sen when about twelve years old was thrown from a horee and taken up "fordead. Belay until men ran from a half mile away . to Jielp him, and they carried him 4j&ck4bei(alf niil, lforethere was any; appear-anc- e of life. Jy the admlnistfaUon of the Elders and the power' of the holy priesthood ho was brought back to life. His skull was cracked and his head very much injured. For some days h e May perfectly unconscious, and no one except those who had faith in the Gospel could beleive thai he could ever be restored to health and strength." "When my son Alma was about two years old lie had pore eyes until he was actu ally' blind, and a film grew over both eyes, which destroyed' the sight; This film wast removed by the power of God in an instant and no weakness even was left.. These are only a few of the numerous Instances of the power of God, D-lin- . Pj-esiden- t v e , , To be continued. ois 