W 0 MAN 9 S 14 EXPONENT . CORRESPONDENCE. RICHMOND. SAN JUAN RIVER NEW MEXICO, MAY 27," 1581. Minutes of the Annual Meeting of the Primary Association held June 1st, 1881. Pres. H. Brown presiding, singing "Marching to the Temple," prayer by Counselor Maria Monson, singing "Always Cheerful." Minutes of the last annual meeting read and aproved, yearly report read and accepted, after which our programme was announced for the occasion, which consisted, of a choice selection of songs, recitations, select readings, compositions &c. Which were got up and promptly given, and that won applause from the parents and all who attended. It being our late President Young's Birthday Sister M. Monson read an article composed for the occasion, on his faithful labors in leading his people as did Moses of .old." The workiwng bee" was sung by Pres.JH. Brown,after which a very touching piece entitled "My Mother's last kiss" was read by Counselor Maggie Thompson, appropriate remarks and instructions were given by some of the parents. Singing "Never be late." Meeting adjourned until June 1st, 1382. Benediction by Pres. Hannah Brown. Elizabeth Merrill", Asst., Sec'y. Annual Report of the Primary Association from June 1st. 1880, to June 1st. 1881. Amount remaining in treasury from previous year $3,60; received in donations from members, $2,48; on proceeds of 1 qqilt,pieced by children, $3,00. Disbursements, July 22nd, 1880, mat erials for making a banner, $1,45; Sept. 9th, 1 blank book 20, cts, Oct. 12th, calico for quilt, $1,16; Nov. 9th, writing paper, 20. Total amount, received $9,08; total amount expended, $3,01; total amount remaining in treasury, $6,07. Dear Exponent. It is sometime since I wrote , last and as this is my third place of residence, I fancy some of our friends will think we are seeking a country to suit us, 'more than trying to fill a mission. I will say every move has been according to the wishes of those whose authority we are pleased to acknowledge as the word of the ,Lord to us, and I trust we may not forget why. we are here and for what purpose we came There are only eight families at preseut located here, but we hope to be reinforced the coming fall. Our townsite is less than a mile from the river and there are ample facilities for making a we have no Relief thriving settlement. As we-wt Associa tion welcome wl th Joy more settlers so that we may be blest with such institutions. I for one, think I could appreciate them, being deprived of the same for nearly four years. We have a day, and Sabbath School and meeting every Sunday afternoon. We are located six miles above Rowen's ferry and ten miles below the town of Farmington. I understand it is near a hundred miles to the nearest Mormon settlement. We have a few Gentile neighbors who patronize our school as it is the only one near the vicinity. The railroad is within sixty miles of us. and we hone to be visited during the summer by some of the Saints from Utah. We are onlv a few sisters hum hut. we take three numbers of the Exponent, and leel as if we could not do without itfor any price. Our husbands enjoy the reading of i t as much as we do, though there are somequite of our brethren (I am sorry to say) speak of the paper as if its whole mission was to depreciate men and place women at the head, while It deplores the Idea of wives being subject to their husbands at all. To such I would say please read our paper and you will find you are mistaken. Do not condemn It simply bacause you have read, or perhaps heard now and then an articlelin which the writer has been somewhat enthusiastic over "woman's rights." If you refuse to do this but ignorantly Judge of its contents I must say you are somewhat like the enemies of the Saints In general who are unwilling to investigate our doctrines lest tbey find good in them. In the above I have no reference to any one in particular but to all who are not thoroughly acquainted with the merita of the Exponfnt. If I have been tiresome please forgive, and remember the writer is only, ill St. Joseph, Apache Editor Exponent. H. S., Y. L. M I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. LOO AN. We have failed to re- port ourselves to the Exponent in tthe "past yet we have not been idlers, and will try in the future to keep you better posted in regard to our progress. Our brethren have recently overlooked and reorganized the Relief Society of Cache Valley Relief Society has now aLogan. Stake President m the person ofLibbie Benson and her Counselors are Sisters Louisa Benson and Lucy Cardon; Sister Caine Sec'y. A few days since a pleasing event in the ehape of a surprise party gotten up by sister Ricks, then President of the first Ward now Pres. of the Logan Relief Societies, and other sisters, m honor of pur dear Sister Libbie Ben-sotook place in the Logan Hall. Bishop Lewis, Brother Thos. Cordon some others and a (almost) host of ladies were present- - an elegant pic nic was provided. A pretty Autograph Album and a chain for the neck were presented by Sister Ricks from the sisters of the first Ward a3 a small token of esteem speeches were short but full of brightness Instructed by Bishop Prestou and his Counselors assisted by the Bishops, Sister Benson has organized Primaries in some of the wards in Logan of which you will hear more anon I am yours very respectfully, E. L. Crowtiieb, Ajss'tJSec'y. Hyrum. Editor Exponent Thinking a would ur , At the request of our President I write to inform you that we have a Relief Society organized here with Sister Mary Richards as President and Sister Jane Allen and Lois A. Bushman as Counselors. We have eighteen members all young in experience, but who endeavor to do what they can to this great and glorious work in whichprogress we are engaged. We meet regularly once a month and hold sewing meetings whenever necessary. We have made several quilts, have at present $4.15 m the treasury we live in the Order and have no poor and a good Spirit prevails in our midst--ou- r School and day school Sunday are both well attended. We take the Exponent And ' appreciate the good instructions it contains and say success to the Exponent and to its contributors. Our prospects for the comseason are moderately good. ing Lois A. Bushman. Mary Stuart. Editor Exponent: Co. .. line from not be amiss, we submit our reHyrum We held our Thirteenth Annual meetport. on Monday the 9th ult; On the stand ing were Bahop O. N. Liljenquist and Counselors, Be?9n President of Stake, her Counselors and Secretary. Sister C. Liljenquist' presiding. After the usual exercises and reading reports the sisters from Logan addressed Said: 2v"r reports show thatcouragement you": are united in 10 I building temples." vTSS8us to continue in well Lnquist doing. gave good counsel on the orfelWlmaintained t,thein hood our Counselors G. Uns worth and awremarks. Sister fcfu f j. M& d the S exbiSH enquist frpm SUter J. The officers were then f elected, after which meeting adjourned; Benediction by Bro.J.TL Thorison. After meeting the sisters sat down to a boun- teous repast that was prepared in the Hall. In the evening a party was given, in which the young folks joined, the profits to go to emigrate a poor boy froru Denmark. Praying for the success of your valuable paper and for every noble enterprise, we subscribe ourselves, L. Liljenquist, Pres't. N. M. Neilson, Sec'y. JESSE BURNS, or, . Was it Fate? iV A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvoo, and the early Settlement of Utah. continued. James Wyvil wa3 a man of good standing welf known and respected by all. He had traveled across the plains in the same company, and made the acquaintance Jof Jesse and Mary under the most trying circumstances. He had been kind in extending any assistance in his power to his fellow travelers, and although having his own team to look after, had found many opportunities of rendering services to Captain Burns. Jesse being his Captain in the traveling organization, He had often admired Mary 's fortitude under trying circumstances, and considered her one of the noblest and best of women. He was from Massachusetts and had a beautiful family; his wife and daughters being raised amid the refinements of good society. Mary found much happiness in their company, while they in turn,had extended to her many courtesies and kindnesses during Jesse's long absence. As the time passed he grew to admire her noble and unselfish principles, and perhaps he was just a little glad when he that she was finally separated from Be that as it may, he often found opportunities of going to enquire after her welfare, or render her some service which he knew her lonely situation would cause her to appreciate. His wife joined him in his kind attention and Mary and Minnie were often invited to their house or to attend some social gathering in their company. At length he proposed taking her under his protection by making her his wife. She knew no one she could esteem higher, and she had been so Ion? deprived of a husband's sheltering care and companionship, that it seemed to her a haven of refuge. She felt that it was impossible to ask charity of the Bishop and it seemed her onlv alternative. She could not wrong Jesse byvdoing so, forjbehad forsaken her and cast her from him; the law had divided them and given her. an Jumorable release. It was not dishonorable to become James Wyvil's second wife. Such marriages were of frequent occurrences, and no' wife was honored less because she was not the first wife. She would hayc sufTered untold miseries, would have gyen her life rather than her honor, but there was no such question at stake." In marry' ing him ; she sacrificed no social principle, or moral stindinget it was with,some miivings she scarcely knew why; that she became James Jesse. . ; Wyvil's wife. V hy is it not given us to foresee the future? How different we should sometimes plan our lives: and "yet could she have known "what might have been' Bhe would have been content, perhaps, to accept her fate as it was instead of rebeling at her lot James moved homend was so kind to Minnie tn'ey'felt as though he was a fhendfjffoP1 .indeed Xprotebt and 'bare for them. . her give another thai title, but she was ready to apprete:Hndne'rana give ihe respeqt that 