f- t- widesnrM NEVER AGAIN. Never again ! O never again ! Words that come to me ringing with pain, CLasing the brightnesB out of my heart, Causing 6&4 tears of anguish to atart; Coming in spite of me, ever the same Never again, O never again ! Never again shall thy cheery Word In loving counsel again bo heard, Teaching us how to be brave and 6trong, To love the right and to hate the wrong; Never again ehjill thy watchful care Lead us away from the tempter's snare. 4 4 ( No more shall we hear thy earnest prayer Ascend to the Father for. watchful care Over the loved ones, though they might be Scattered away from the " Family Tree," That all might be kept from, sorrow and sin, And each a name in His Kingdom might win. Never again shall thy voice be heard Teaching the precious Gospel word, Blessing the widow and helping the poor, Dealing from out thy generous store, Leading the feeble, and guiding the young, Till blessings dwelt on every tongue. Never again shall thy tender tones Gather around thee thy Iittlo ones, . Under the 6hade of the spreading tree, Thine own hands planted so lovingly, The little ones answer In sobs of pain, Never again, O never again ! Be still, my heart, and cease to repine; Thy will, O Lord, be done, not miue. His mission is finished, bis labor is done, His debt is paid, and his crown is won; No more sorrow, and no more pain, Never again, no, never again. Iook forth, sad heart, to a future day, When all old things will have passed away; When earth will be clothed with eternal bloom, And we shall inherit a glorious home. And then in a grand, unbroken chain, We'll meet to be parted, O, never again ! Esther A. BKWjnojr. Nov. 22, 1877. LIGHT READING. By common consent, light reading is generally denounced. Perhaps the statement is too sweeping as it stands, and for the purposes of this brief paper it may be &j well to state that the light reading here intended to be understood refers to that branch customarily designated as While I do not wish to recommend novel reading, I do wish to "novel-reading- ." say that it is not without its virtues; that however many evils some may discover in it many of which are undeniably, genuine-y- it has attractions that recommend it to the judicious, and that, despite the evil results attending ill! timed and excessive light reading, the benefits that accrue to those who exercise wisdom in it are manifold and lasting. Like some r other good things in this world which could be mentioned, it suffers from abuse; and to the superficial, the truth that it is capable of injury is a sufficient argument that it can be pursued to no good end. They overlook the fact, that the evil is in the person, not in the thing. The most popular recommendation in favor of light reading, and the one which, on account of a lack of wisdom, brings it into such general disrepute is that of relaxation. When followed purely for the purposes of relief, it is at once one of the most pleasing, " profitable effective and healthful. It is pleasing for the reason that it entertains; it is effective, bocause the relaxation is complete; it is healthful in that no strain upon the yitem is due to it, no effort i required to draw the mind from the nbjecU thathave occupied it: for hours, and made it weary, and it fits the mind, by exhil-ratm- g the tone, for other labor; it is profit- - able, because, however light" the reading may be, if the person that peruses it is moderately intelligent and ordinarily apt, something of I profit can be found in it. In fact, one might go so far as to declare, with a reasonable satisfaction that the assertion is susceptible of proof, that there is no class of light reading' unless it be actually vile and vicious but somejjood may be derived from it, if the person is capable of making it profitable. But to giv sounder reasons why light read-- 1 ing is productive of good. All will admit that there aro many worse things than the reading of novels, even though they come , under the ignoble appellation of "trash." Parents, if . they are of sound mind, should find 'actual comfort in the reading of light literature by their children, when it keeps their offspring off the streets and away from the influences of evil and vicious habits. There is some good in it in this regard, is there not? If the habit of reading once becomes confirmed, it is rarely if ever broken; and after it has once taken hold, if are be exercised, but little difficulty will be experienced in introducing a higher standard of literature. Persons who reaa from the force of habit, if they cannot obtain that which is congenial to their tastes, will take that which is not for they . R will read. is one factors most of the in Reading potent ths cause of education; because, while pursued from love, or habit, it unavoidably dissemiuates information. It is a labor of love, but it proves an effective physic also. In teaching a child anything, it "is necessary to begin at the rudiments, and light reading is one of the rudiments to the habit of general reading. Since it imparts knowledge even when unsought, so also does it develop intelligence, even when there is no active desire for intelligence; and this intelligence will manifest itself in the gradual and voluntary- - though almost impe- I - irocF greater. Of course it js abased, sdalso istlie pulpit the footstool of the Lordbuied, but no one would ever think of overthrowing the pulpit. because it h as i been defiled, any jnorea than they would think of throwing away dollar which could be used to, clothe, or feed the poor, or to do one of a thousand praiseworthy things because some one had formerly employed the dollar for a vile purpose. What we want to do is to see if we cannot find something useful in the novel, as we do, when in kinder words we weigh the character of some diserring soul, and confess the good when we cover it. We should cease to make up our minds it is bad, and peruse it only for the purpose of finding out that which is unwholesome. I did intend explaining why novel reading occupied a similar position to the study of art; but I would not have epace to do so m this artime. I only ticle, and will defer it to another -until aslra suspension of judgment to explain is afforded, wheri , I am convinced I can prove my claim to be based upon a liberal, beneficial and logical principles1 Simple Simon. ; t the-ppor-tunit- y -- A WOMAN DELEGATE. . , . rceptibleselection of a higher class of literature, providing the nature of the reader is pro- gressive. On the principle that like begets like, the reader of ideas must himself create ideas; and taking this as a basis, in this fact alone can be found much profit in light reading These should be sufficient in themselves to stand as recommendations in favor of light reading. Mind you, it is not claimed that light reading is preferable to solid reading, but that it is better than no reading at all. Neither is it held that the reasons given will apply to all, but they will stand as applicable for general purposes. But there'are still other reasons which advise light reading for the actual benefits it insures, and which can be Secured more readily through it than by any other means. I will omit a repetition of the recommendation found in it as a source of relaxation, 'which, beintf within the reach of all, at all time and all places, cannot be surpassed, and will place it on the ground that it is indispensable to'the cultivated mind, and that it occupies thejame exalted position as the study of art for it is well-rea- d 1 person, whose conversation possesses such a charm,, is not one who has informed himself upon scientific subjects and become, conversant with the classics, alone, but he is a person of general reading, who has found food for reflection, who has discovered profound thoughts,, eloquent ideas and moving sentiments in the products of the novel-writeSuch a person feels, the power for good that is wielded by the writer, of the novel, and he has but to point to the product of the brain of aucb men as Sir Walter Scott, Charjes Dickens and Charles Read, in'Eng land,' and to Nathaniel Hawthorne and others of bar own country, for a confirmation: ' The novel is a power, and in the hands 'of a man of genius, imbued with correct principles and noble aspirations, it is a power for great, for eloquent advocate of suffrage for women, was not stopped by a policeman at the door of Mechanic's hall and banished to the gallery, there to await an appeal to the convention, but came in like ever other fellow and made one in the grand total of 1033 delegates reported by. the elegant Mr. Lodge, of Nahant, for the coni mittee on credentials. The state central committee slept on their action of last night, and thought better of the purpose to go behind the returns and discriminate against the Melrose' woman delegate. This morning the committee adopted the following resolution: In view of the recent death of our beloved President, James A. Garfield, and thead arC cumstances under which our state convention assembles, causing a universal desire on the part of this committee tohave no debate, no discussion ofs pecial subjects in open convention; and also in consideration of the fact that our chairman has upon his personal responsibility directed the issuing of a ticket of admission to Mrs. Mary A. Livermore as a delegate from the town of Melrose, without approving her course or acknowledging her right act as a delegate in the convention, and without rescinding from the opinions expressed by this state central committee at its last session, viz.:' that jqo person has "any right to act as a delewho is gate In the republican state convention ' not a voter in this state and legally qualified to vote at the polls for the election of those state officers who miht by their vote be nominated by, the convention, voteo! that the action of this' committee at it Hast session, refusing admission to Mrs. Mary A. Livermore as a delegate without tie- concurrence of the full convention, be rescinded. n The full language is given because the faction distinctly and emphatically den v that they ."backed down.." You may jthini what you please about it They repudiate the Some of. them earnestly, and "insiduenao." the principle that the particistick for honestly pants,in a political convention must be persons who t are legallj, qualified to vote for its candidates. certainty, 'however, of a row rijft$ convention should Sirs. Livermore be kert(ou .express, order of the state (xmniittec.leot the valiant thirteen bitter opponents of Iie'r admission to a oomprona.e. I his very dangerous , woman had hot, meditated taking any in' H4 prooocd (njjsj au3 vr?adil v 'ajeed not part ' td sar iny th In g if her admission was to-d- ay "- -a study of art. The At thc Massachusetts Republican Convention, Mrs. .Mary A. Livermore, the modest and , anti-wome- , r. , Te . , ; i ! ' i . -- "JV 'ft . i . 1 7 tin ii'.f?w-- . i if 