WOMAN Spanish Foek On Saturday June the 11th' ult. the Primary Association Spanish Fork had a Jubilee. f made to Arrangements had been previously from spend the day at a grove a short distance "weather being town, but in consequence of the to-conduct the unsettled was deemed wisdom exercises in the meeting house. The children assembled at 10 A. M, dressed in holiday attire, their countenances beaming with pleasure and anticipation. The members of the brass band kindly left their occupations, and enlivened the scene with sweet music. AJ1 being ready, the little ones were formed in line, and headed by the band, marched up Center street and to the meeting house, when they were called to order by their President, and the following programme was rendered in a manner that reflected muchjeredit to the children, and indicated great labor and care on the part of their instructors. Singing "In the Chambers of the Mountains;" .Lord'n prayer in concert. Singing "Joseph Smiths First Prayer.",. Questions on Church History. Singing "Beautiful Mountain Home," (From Sister Hannah Cornaby's Poems and Swings) Duet by Miss Maggie and Master Andrew Morgan. Remarks by Elder A Ferguson,"singing "Gather them into the fold." Remarks Elder J. A. Lewis, singing "In our lovely Deseret." Benediction. The employers of the Coop Store furnished a bountiful supply pf candy and raisins to upwards of 400 children. The musit'al. exercises were conducted hy Prof. Wm. R. Jones, who labored assiduously, in training the little folks. On Sunday morning the members of the Primary were invited by our choir leader to lead the congregational singing, which they did admirably; astonishing and delighting all who heard them. Brother Cornaby accompanied them on .the organ. The Primary Association of Spanish Fork is in a prosperous condition under the able management of its President, Miss M. A. McLean and her faithful assistants., . - cous-termarche- d 1 S EX ? 0 NENT ents in writing for the children and others and in organizing these Primary Associations. 'He wished to impress upon the children the fact of their being sons and daughters of the Saints, born in the new and everlasting covenant, by which they became legitimate heirs to the priesthood heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ There was a command given by God to the children of ancient Israel to honor their fathers and mothers, and he urged its fuk filment upon the children of modern. Israel. Jesus Christ, when on earth, gave as the greatest commandment, "Thou, shalt, love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and thy neighbor as Children who keep this commandthyself." ment will never tell a lie, steal, curse or swear, and 'if they thus keep God's word, He' will heal them when they are sick, through faith and the flaying on of hands of the Elders. Elder, Smith tmd the children of the mob who murdered the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum, and drove the Saints from their homes across the plains, and now "that "we are here in the valleys of the mountains, the children of these mobbers were coming to teach our boys and The sp&ker told the children girls religion. emphatically not to gQ to their schools nor associate with any Gentiles anywhere, and concluded by blessing the children in the name of - . 31 his degrading bands, for intoxication had not v yet conquered his manly pride; but the destroyer was there, and the chains were, being forged no less strong and sure, because in $ilence and in darkness. In James Wyvil she had u rock of refuge, but she blinded by her idolatrous love failed to realize it. Her pride was wounded by the position she was placed in. How few could know hbr. really blameless she was. How many who we're first to counsel her were now ready to condemn. To Minnie who and sensitive to a fault the position was a trying, one, and her grief was not lessened when her father informed her that he intended to' marry again. He calledTar her one. Sunday morning to go to meeting, and ojuthe way informed her that he had chosen a wife who would share his destiny. Mffinie could say but little, for surely he had 'as Tnuch right to' marry again as her mother had. She could only weef) and beg him to consider well his choice, fdr some subtle instinct' told. her that: it would bring no happiness, to himself nor to his children, v Jle said, he was yet a young man and shoult not live his lite alone; no doubt the lady 1 had chosen wauld make him 'an intelligent companion. As neither ol them knew any reason why she would riot, it was as well perhaps that it should be her as any ope. one was a wiuow iauy soaiu years yuugcr than Jesse, Her mother dving left the family. - in her Care. It consisted of a brother eighteen-yearold at that time,, two sisters, fourteen and sixteen and a little boy of ten. She worked at dressmaking, and it was hy employing the lady in that way that Minuie and her father became " acquainted with her. She was not a handsome wAman, but her intelligence and address made ner a pleasant coiupumou wueu buc vxiuse w ... TioiN:olf wArtinrt was-prou- d " , . , Jesus Christ, In the afternoon the exercises of the children ( Smith, Prest. continued. Sister Eliza Joseph F. Smithy Apostle F. D.. Richards and Dr.. Ellen B,( Ferguson each addressed the. meeting ajid gave good advice and much encouragement to them to persevere in the course they were pursuing, and become "valiant in the Lord's army, . Closed by singing, benediction, and Primary Conference adjourned for three months. R.-Sno- s 'V avafi- not take hiaA wife from her charge, but went to live with the;! tliey-wer- JESSE BURNS, V 11th was the Conference of Primary Associations, which Prest Joseph F. Smith was present, by, request of the chilThe meeting was conducted dren of Ogden. by Prest. Josephine R. "West, who presided with quiet dignity. After singing by th children, and prayer by Apostle F. D. Richards, and singing again, minutes were read, followed by interesting exercises by. the little folks. Mrs. Jane ,8, Richards , addressed the children a few minutes, praising, thejr good order ' and attention.. ' SisteriEliza R? Snow Smith said she was very pleased to meet with the children and see their bright, happv faces; she told them of the services at Kirtlahd, when Father Smith, the grandfather,;, olY Prest. Joseph F Smith, was there, and they had four services "every day in the Temple,. and the sick and the lame came to be healed, jmd-woujthrow away their crutches and go home whple. Qn$ day Father Smith prayect for a rnamfestation of .the! Spirit as they had on.: the day of Pentecost, and hi3 prayer was answered, and the Temple was filled with the Spirit. of Gody and a bound as of a rushing or winds and roaring of flames was heard; she asked tie children several questions, which were promptly answered. Prest. Joseph F. Smith then spoke, and expressed his pleasure at meeting 'with the children and hearing their, exercises and the speeches made to them.. He J pointed out the blessing Sister Eliza E. mow smith had been t6 the children of Zion by employing her tal r , d t . "k1i1 tViom a niVo .1 II LI I 1 II l.lll.lll Ul 7 T- A Sketch of tiie Exodw from Nauvoo, and the early Settlement of VI ah. . iitt m Yfyyvii tVinf flail UMlli'Mi V. U W UUUrW nouse. to Diuer oiow i. n was a. l'ii.'. xi 1.1 nr! mary,. ' . But what of James Vyyil I his feelings may- be more easily imagined .than described. It is written "Thou, shalt not covet thy, neighbors' wife." He had jaot intended to. do so, and, had not thought of sinning. He had waited until she was free from Jesse and never expected to see him any more. -- He had taken such a course as could not place him under condemnation. He thought God would not condemn him and his own conscience approved, but he had plucked. the fruit aud it, had, turned , to Dead Sea apples. How many lauded him when he married, her, they would gladly have done the same, but now they, were ready to say "it served him right he might have known it." "Such is life it is the way of the world. Jesse Burns was-- too true a man to desert his wife and children, said those who had been loudest in condemning him. It was a peculiar situation to he placed in: Even had he chosen to have given her up he could hot say to Jesse, "here she Is you can have your wife back again;" for she1 was jjot land nor gold, nor household goods, and the marriage covenant by which she was bound to him was an eternal one. Weeks and months went by. The sun shone, the showers fellj the days dawned and darkened, and the summer passed away. -- To Mary it all seemed a wretched farce. She could not see the hand of providence," the clouds so darkened and obscured it. She could not See that Jesse wfc3 drifting awaybeing carried farther, and farther on the tide of prejudice and unbelief She could not see that the demon of strong drink was binding him stronger and firmer in I 7 but she could only sutler m silence. CONTINUED. On Saturday June 1 '.Wlipn if. wna finisKvl ho invited ATinnift.trk ' which she- was Otriad to do. as them with live ' " it Fate? H. C. Primary op Ooden. e an AII fVrnr .LI OB, "Was nnrl .TrcA made ftlinrt soon married-- . He did - n ; Minnie went to school that winter and war also thrown much in society, for her- - father' wife moved in the best circles and held pos4 ition .which Minnie'sf mother's long isolation had deprived her of. Not that Mary failed- to; draw aronnd her in elligent and refined com- -' panions, but she did lot feel like going much, in - society. '; The two girls Grace and Maria; were nice' agreeable girls, although sometimes a little jeal ous of the attention shwiv Minnie for she was well received and much sought after. In 'the spring Jesse said he must return to California; to look after his business as he hal left it hr the hands of partner. Preparations were made to take his wife and leave accordingly Minnie with the rest of the family. She felt very bad to have him go away. There wasjno love between her and the present Mrs. Burns,-bushe felt that she "would be lonely indeed1 ' . when her.father was gone. The 'day came at last for starting, and Minnie watched them - with a feeling of dumb agony; until her father came and kissed her goodbye, when she went away to hide her gricl, or she felt that it was too sacred for any one to witness, and her extreme sensibility caused her to fear their ridicule. When she came in again they were gone and she felt inexpressibly lonely, for she realized that she had perhaps, parted with her father for the last time. She kept a brave heart and a merry one, to all outward appearance; but . none knew the lonelines3, the, aching void, nor the silent tears jthat were shed when others were sleeping. Ifyr how often she envied her. associates who were - . . . to . t . " . - 