W OMAN' 3 E XPONEN T . enthe sisters to be energetic in every worthy and He now terprise God has done His part; to reahze exacts us to do ours, if we expect the blessings promised to the faithful in the eternal worlds. Said it was the duty of the resisters'" to wash 'and anoint the sick when with humble quested, and that they should do it and prayerful hearts. The speaker ad vised all the members of the Relief Society, and also the members of the Young Ladies' Association to take shared in the Sanpete Factory nowin be punccontemplation. . Urged the sisters to tual in attending elections, and also to encourthe meetings of age their children to attend the Primary Associations, and to strive to keep out evil influences. Closed by invoking the blessing of Heaven on the congregation. Sister Goldsbrough made a few encouraging and interesting remarks. Advised the sisters to learn the. laws of our Father in Heaven and try to keef) them. Prest. Peterson, spoke of the prospective factory, and encouraged the sisters to take shares, and spoke of the, blessings which would arise The from it, in a temporal point of view. dispeaker considered it one step in the right rection toward becoming a peois there' &c. ple. Choir sang, "My. home Benediction by Bishop Jensen. S. A. Parsons, Acting Sec'y. satisfaction in listening to the remarks which had been made. Conference closed by singing "Now let us rejoice' congregation joining in. Benediction. Conference adjourned for three months. ... Fanny Kofford, Sec'y R. S. . - self-sustaini- Sanpete. The Qurterly . Conference of the Relief So- cieties of Sanpete Stake was held at Moroni, Sept. 16, 1881, President Mary A.P.Hyde Devotional exercises were offered presiding in the usual way. On" the stand were Prest. Canute Peterson, the Bishop of Moroni and several Bishops from the adjacent settlements, visiting sisters, Prest. E. R. Snow Smith and E. B. Wells, from Salt Lake City, and Amelia II. Goldsbrough, of Nephi, and the local presidency of the R. S. of this Stake. The reports were read, showing how much good had been done by the sistere of this Stake in supplying the wants of the needy, and various charitable purposes; also a liberal donation to the. factory. President Hyde made a few remarks, expressing her gratification at having President E. R. Smith and E. B.. Wells, present after so long an absence, and her delight in hearkening to and' receiving the counsel and instruction which might be given on the present occasion. Sister Eliza then addressed the assembly: said she was much pleased to see, so many present, and that "the brethren had favored us with their presence, as she always felt stronger when the brethren were present Was wefl pleased with the reports of the Stake; thought the societies of Sanpete County were ahead of all the Relief Societies in 'the Territory; that the poor and sick .were well cared for, which is the . first thing we should' consider, and that these societies were organized for the purpose of helping the .Bishops in to these duties. Dwelt much Upon;attending the training of children and duties of parents. Sister Jane Black, commonly .known as Mother Black,': who has reached the great SSr ngG remarks - Celdtiartlarriage. 0na-!CK- 6f Wells addr&sea Ahe stersj ufgin their .maids the necessity of upon being eV-pti-a wwn-cu- l ure arid staring of. grain! to the signs of the how fast the prophecies are beiirg fulfilled ' and ' etrSn endorsed all that had been done and saidand urged the sister to press forward as had they done; was much Re-erre- d, Tsf ablH-11-8- do accomrJbbed M aDd hoIed they would be en- - their willingness to ll? 8PFe3iing required of them, and their waa soft and timid ladies who witnessed these fear-- : ful and bloody spectacles with, undisturbed "serenity would raise their thumbs to the successful combatant as a sign bespeaking mercy for the poor, bleeding and mangled form of an, unwilliug victim to the sanctified pleasures of ' that great nation. .... But coming down to our own times the flower of 1800 years of civilizationand wb. do not find it so vastly different. . If our plays; are tragedies, it affords us pleasure to be lost -- in the contemplation of florae realistic imitation of terrible numan suffering and wickedness; and while it awakens sympaf, thy for the unfortunate, the more it resembles life, whether that which is attempted to be portrayed be bloody or brutal, the more we enjoy it and the greater praise is bestowed upon the individual who, for the time being, nas the power of subjugating the senses of his audierice, and forces them to entertain a deception I am not deprecating tragedies, nor dramas, f?r I am an enthusiastic admirer of the stage; nor do I wish to intimate that there is not profit and sensible pleasure in theatrical exhibitions, but I do wish to show that, however unwilling we might be to see in life such horrible deedai as are hinted at on the stage, nevertheless, tbe very possibility of their realism and of their bloodiness fills the mind with an irresistible fascination, which is felt with greater keenness the more intellectual and refined the auditor In other wards, we are interested, pleased, delighted often ecstatically in the exhibition of supreme human suffering. And this is tone of our most refined enjoyments. The Romans delighted to see the tragedies executed in fact; we are delighted to see them hinted at, and the more we are deceived into believing them real, the more appreciative, or amused, we be--, r PRIMARY FAIR. . The Springville Primary. Fair was held in Union Hall, October 29, 1681, commencing at 10 o'clock a. in. Singing by the children, ' "When Jesus dwelt on the shores of time." Prayer by the chaplain, George Mainwaring. Singing, Open tljfe door for the children." D. 0. Johnson 'then delivered a brief, but interesting address; was pleased to see so 'many things, the work of the children. Exhorted all to improve every privilege within their reach and learn to be industrious. The exhibition was then declared open, and the visitors were invited to view the children's work, of which there was quite a variety, many and varied were the articles made by the little folks. The boys' work was very creditable; they had ladmade several kinds of wagons, ders, rakes, spades, forks, etc., etc., also a very nice book-shel- f, a comb-cas- e and soap-disand other useful made under articles, many by boys fourteen years; also a variety of vegetables which they had raised to exhibit. The little girls' work was useful and ornamental; they had a variety of mottoes worked on cardboard, also quite an assortment of pincushions, mats, tidies, quilts and embroidery, a pair of slippers worked by a little girl, the names and ages of the Twelve Apostles in needlework, the Lord's Prayer printed by a little girl, wax flowers, hair flowers, wool flowers, wreaths made from autumn leaves, baby shoes in crochet work, also socks and laces,' knitted and fancy baskets of almost every kind, roast chicken, bread, butter,1 frosted cakes, pies, etc., ail the work of the little girls. A quilt was made by the Associations, to be donated to the Temple. The hall was filled with visitors all day and evening, until eight o'clock, when the exhibition was closed. Benediction by Richard Bird. hay-rack- s, h, JOKERS AND JOKING. This is not intended to be a funny article, as one might infer by the title. It is designed to be a serious aspect of what is almost universally conceded to be a humorous theme. Different people have different ways of amusing themselves. A similarity of tastes, or a congeniality of spirits, begets a similarity of enjThus a refined inhabitant of the oyment-1. picking the Fiji Islands finds his" ideal bliss in bones of some fellow cannibal who has oeen captured in war, and who, by virtue of being captured, becomes a legitimate basis of a cannibalistic banquet. If there be in the mind of this elevated specimen of humanity an Enjoyment more beatific, it1 is when the Fiji' Islanders' providence puts in his way some unwary, but! ' rotund and corpulent missionary; whose limbs' sizzling over afire fill the air " with; music that delight? the cannibalistic eare, and fills the" art with an odor grateful to his enlarged and distended olfactories.' It was a custom some years ago and may be yet to furnish Parisian children of. wealth with i mall feathered biped, in order that these innocent darlings bless their, souls! might find pure and heavenly enjoyment in pulling the poor and harmless little birds to pieces. In the palmy days of Rome, it was the delight of the refined' classes, as', well as of the populace; td witness' mortal combats between gladiators, or to see unarmed 'Christians battle with;' aid be ' torn to pieces by ferocious 'wild beasts; arid rare- indeed were the instances, in which the . weli-filled- ' : . 3' 95 - mo-mentar- -- ily : come. ; Again, in the comedy, or farce, extravagant as it seems where buffoonery and clownjUh-ncs- s arc not. the provokers of mirth we enjoy oursehes at the supposed expense of some unlucky wight, whose adverse fortune, while it highly ludicrous to those not surrounded by his unfortunate circumstances, places him in the most trying predicament, and causes him not only mental anxiety, but too often absolute bodily suffering. And yet it is amusing to us. The more he appears to suffer the more ground .. we find for laughter. It may be asked, and with justice, what all this has to do .with "Jokers and Joking," , Xt has. just this much to do with it; The history, of the. world mind you, I. do not claim there-arno exceptions proves beyond the possibility of. a doubt, that what is and bas always, been! considered the most innocent of; human, pastimes, is a relic of a bloodthirsty andbarX baric spirit. Our greatest intellectual; treat are founded npon the most intense and realistic representations of profound, human sorrow; and the light, airy and innocent laugh is, nine times, out times out of ten, perhaps ninety-nin- e of a hundred, created at the expense of one, who suffers for it; The joke, whether practical or not, is unequivocally a synonym for the dfe comforture of the one on whom it is perpetrated. It hnA its phases it may be mmiM ' ever, may be severe; it may even, if retaliation ' is right, be ; wel I meant; but it is always; if su ccessful, ;provoked by placing fellow-Wn- g at a disadvantage, by making Tiim. a vietinya. butt, a ludicrous; spectacle in. the. eyes of those with, whom he; 13 acquainted in, person, or by: reputation. The spirit which, in the days, oft Roman ascendancy, relished sights of Jjuman butchery, the spirit which, indecent times, would give a helpless bird to a heartless. and f thoughtless cbild to be plucked to pieces, that the diminutive specimen of human! be .amused and: entertained;. the spirit ity may which .incites thousands to'go to hangings, and to visit the scenes of human suffering, is the h e , : . . - in-ord- ti.-r.i-- ei 