WOMAN'S Ea 84 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHXELIXE B. WELLS, Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: One copy oh year, $3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for tha price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Boom of the Conncil nonse, South Temple Street. Business hours from Iff a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to semi-monthl- y, NOVEMBER jsjnt V tn a little more time. interpreted, which occupied Sister Mary, a Lamanlte woman, mjuuivi Wj delivered an the President of the Relief Society, which would have eloquent address in a manner reflected credit upon an educated white woman. In the afternoon Sister Eliza eflected an organization of the children, which included tenitlle Lamanites the first instance of this kind on record. She aiso presented each of them with one of her Primary Hymn Books. The Indians manifested the greates interest in all the prothat the ceedings, and one could not help feeling n race prophecies concerning thi3 v were about to bo fulfilled. close of Leaving Indianola directly after the the meeting, we returned to Fairview, where another meeting was held in the evening, the meetinghouse crowded to its utmost capacity. at Monday morning drove to Mt. Pleasant; Bro. Peel's we were bounteously entertained. Meeting commenced at two p. m., Mrs. M. F. C. Morrison presiding. After this meeting the two Primary Associations came together at five o'clock, and it was a very interesting time. Tuesday morning we repaired to Spring City,' the home of Sister Hyde. The morning meeting was for the Primary Association, Mrs. Sarah Ellis presiding. It was during intermission we received the news of the death of President Garfield, which, although Judging from the later telegrams we half expected, yet eeemed appalling. In the afternoon the Relief Society convened, Mrs. Mary Frantzen presiding, and in the evening a meeting of the young people, a crowded house, Annie Eustaceson presiding. Wednesday we went over to Ephraim, where we found flags at half mast, draped with black, presenting ture the House of the Lord shall be built in the tops of the mountains. At Manti, and also in other places, we heard of the" woollen factory the sisters anticipate building in that County. It is expected the sisters of the Relief Society will take shares of five dollars each, sufficient to amount to ten thousand dollars, by the next Quarterly Conference in December. ThisJs ) quite an undertake mg; but really the sisters in Sanpete seem equal to almost anything, and no doubt they will build the factory, that is, Sister Eliza says "they will build it as Solomon did the Temple." At Brother Wareham'a oir party enjoyed the time a sad appearance. At Prest. Peterson's we met quite a number CONFERENCE AT MORGAN. down-trodde- Publisher Woman's Expoxknt, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE C1TY rm Jf UJN 1, 1881. VISIT TO SANPETE. On Wednesday afternoon, September 14, In company with Sister E. R. S. Smith, we left the city, intending to make a tour of a part of Sanpete County. Arriving at Nephi, we were met and warmly welcomed by Sister Amelia who accompanied us to the residence of President Teasdale. After cordial greetings and a delicious supper, wo repaired to the meeting house, where it was expected Sister Eliza and her travelfng companion would spea to the peo pie. The house was filled about equally with ladles and gentlemen. Mrs. Mary Pitchforth presided. The meeting was an interesting one, Sister Eliza occupying a considerable portion of Golds-bcDug- b, the time. The next morning we left Nephi with Mrs. Goldsbrough added to our party; our route lay through Salt Creek Canon. It was a pleasant season of the year, and the varieties of shrubbery, the bright and gorgeous coloring of the luxuriant foliage, made a charming picture 'mid the magnificence of the mountain scenery. A passionate admirer or nature In its wild and rugged beauty could not but te delighted with the sublimity and grandeur of these towering mountains, in their most brilliant and gayest costumes. It seemed as If they all wore their holiday attire, and it became them well, very well Indeed, for the sides of the gray, rocky, rugged mountains were profusely bedecked with the brightest scarlet and yellow. At Fountain Green we met our dear and honored friend, Mrs. M. A, Hyde, who had brought her own carriage to meet us, and her sister, Mrs. E. Bentley, who was on her way to St. George. We took dinner at the Bishop's, whose hospitality fa well known to travelers, and about one o'clock proceeded towards Moroni, reaching there sometime before nightfall. Bishop Irons and his good wife, Deborah, were expecting us and gave us good cheer. The next morning early, teams began to come in from other settlements to attend the Sisters Stake Conference, President Petersen and many others from different settlements. Conference commenced at ten a. m., Mrs. M. A. Hyde pre. siding, Reports were read ' from nearly every settlement In Sanpete Stake, and many lnter- eating speeches were made during the day. After the afternoon session adjourned there was a Conference of the Primary Associations, Mrs. Deborah Irons presiding, and in the evening a meeting for the young people Mrs, Larson presiding; all were well attended. Saturday morning we went on to Falrvlaw, where there was a meeting of the P. A. in the afternoon, Levee T. Terry presiding. Sunday morning a hrge number of wagons and Carriages wended their way towards Indian-olBishop Bpencer, Joseph, Nephi and others were expecting our arrival, and met the entire party with ft hearty welcome. There were two meetings there, and the spetches all had t be a. of people, and an elaborate dinner had been pre pared, to which all our party and the assembled h guests did ample justice. At two o'clock ed to the meeting house. It was a meeting of the Relief Society, Mrs. Sarah Peterson presiding, but the brethren attended as well as the sisters, and eeemed as much interested, it was re-pa- the harvest time, too, but notwithstanding all the meetings were well filled. At five o'clock the two Primaries met in joint meeting, and there were a good number of exercises, song', recitation?, dialogue", etc., as there were, indeed, in all the Associations in the county. A very great improvement has been made among the children since these organizations have been instituted, and the Saints cannot be too grateful to Sister Eliza for the untiring interest she has manifested in this department cf her labor in Zion, and truiy she has joy in her labors, in seeing the good results that have already accrued. What will be after they are further initiated in the work, remains to be known in the future. Thursday morning, accompanied by Prest. Peterson and several other carriages well loaded with people, our party went on to Manti; passed the Temple on our way, which is towering up to a stupendous height,and went direct to the meeting house, which was already filled with breth. ren and sisters. Mrs. Rebecca Wareham presided. In the afternoon the two Primaries held joint meeting, Mrs. Jane Gasto presiding, Miss Marian Tennant having charge of the exercises, which were nil well rendered. While in Manti we visited the Temple, Bro. Fulsom explaining everything, Sisters Eliza, Gjldsbrough, Hyde Peterson and all going to the very highest point we could possibly reach. It will be a magnifi- cent structure, the terraces giving it a much grander and loftier appearance than if it was not sitnated upon an eminence. It is in reality built into the mountain, and fulfils the Scrip very much in social conversation, and on Friday mornhg reluctantly said goodbje to these dear friends in Manti, and to Sister Hyde, who had shown us so much kind attention alt the way, and turned our faces homeward. There was only one meeting to attend on our way home, and that was at Fountain Green with the Primary Association. The children there manifested about the same improvement asin other places, and altogether one cannot help feeling that the children of the Saints are growing in the knowledge of the truth. At Nephi we had to part with Sister who had been with us constantly, and to whom we grew more and more attached every day. We arrived at home on the 25th, safe and well, delighted with our Journey. Sister Eliza had improved in health from the time of leaving homo, and a'though she had spoken to large audiences about twenty times during her absence, returned refreshed and invigorated. Golds-broug- h, S. Smith and Mary A. Freeze, of this city, went by train to Morgan Friday morning, Oct. 21, to attend the Sisters? Stake Conference of Morgan Co. The Relief Society Conference was held on Saturday morning and afternoon sessions, Mrs. Lydia Rich presiding. Prest. W. G. Smith was present, and Sisters Eliza R. gave the sisters good advice and encouragement. The leports were satisfactory, and tended to stimulate to greater endeavors in future. Sister Eliza and Sister Freeze addressed the people on sul jects pertaining to the work of the Relief Society, spiritual, mental and benevolent. . On Sunday morning the Conference of Y. L. M. I. A. convened, Mrs, Jane Toomar presiding. The young ladies reported verbally their respec tive Associations in a most dignified and creditable manner, stating that the Associations were in good working order. Sister E. R. S. Smith, Sister Freeze and Prest. Smith each addressed the young ladies upon such subjects as were calculated to inspire them with courage and a desire to persevere in the work of mutual improve-.rnen- t. In the afternoon Sisters Smith and Freeze attended the meeting, and after the Sacrament had been administered, by request of Prest. Smith these sisters addressed the congregation. On Monday ,at two p. m., a Conference of the Primary Associations of Morgan and the adjacent settlements was held, Mrs. Harriet Welsh presiding. Sister Eliza informs us it was a most interesting time. The children manifested great improvement and delighted the sisters greatly with their intelligent rendering of exercises. Sister Eliza asked the children all the questions contained in one of the chapters of the new book just out, "Bible Questions and Answers." They were greatly entertained by it and their little faces brightened up and their eys sparkled with the pleasant pastime. The ladies returned Tuesday morning, safe and well. 