WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "WATTING FOR MOTHER. Grandfather lives again: And his heart forgets that it erer knew A shadow of grief or pain, For he sees his wife as he saw her then A matron comely and fair, With her children gathered around his board And nerer a racant chair. Of the years long slipped away ! And the old man's Hps have gathered a smile And his heart grows young and gay. But a kiss falls gently upon his brow, From his daughter's Hps so true: "Dinner is ready: and, father, dear, We are only waiting for you.' ' The old man wakes at his daughter's call, And looks at the table near "There's one of us missing, my child," he says, "We will wait till mother is here." There are tears in the eyes of his children, then, As they gaze on an empty chair. For many a lonely year has passed Since "mother" sat with them there. But the old man pleads still wilfully; "We must wait for mother, you know !" And they let him rest in his old arm chair HIl the sun at last sinks low. Then, lea Ting a smile for the children here, He turns from the earth away, And has gone to "mother," beyond the skies, With the close of the quiet day. Bbind. Selected, PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS- WOMAN. ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH. CONTINUED. ; Association was making some rapid strides and Sister Eliza was one of the most earnest workers in the silk enterprise. Speaking of definite public work of organizing doneby Sister E. R. S. Smith, much might be said and written; however we can only mention in a general way a part of what she has really been instrumental in doing. Early in the year 1878 having previously given the store into other hands she commenced with renewed energy traveling and holding meetings among the different Stakes of Zion, and assisted in perfecting the Relief Society organizations after the same order as in Salt Lake Stake. May 2d ,at a Relief Society Conference in Ogden, Apostle Erastus Snow being present also D, H. Peery and other local authorities of that Stake of Zion, by advice of Sister E. R. S. Smith the organization of Relief Society in that Stake which had only been partially effected, was completed by electing a fall board of officers. From Ogden Sister Eliza proceeded north through Box Elder Co., and Malad Valley, visiting the various towns and settlements organizing etc., and returning by way of Weber Co. held two or three meetings in that Stake; in rail holding over thirty meetings in fifteen days. In July of the same year she traveled through Utah and Wasatch and in August through Sanpete, Cache, Morgan and Summit Stakes; performing as much missionary labor as it was possible for any one to do; for everywhere she spoke earnestly and prayed fervently and words of counsel and instruction such as seemed suited to the temporal and spiritual condition of the sisters young and old, flowed from her Jipa Sister Eliza traveled hundreds of miles during that summer in all kinds of weather,not in an easy carriage waited upon by servants,but as opportunity afforded in all sorts of conveyances furnished by the people among whom her lot was cast, and it is (scarcely possible to say how many times she spoke in public It was in some respects an eventful year for Sister Eliza and for Zion, for during that summer while attending a meeting at Farniingfon the idea of an "organization f6r children, such as now exists was suggested to her mind by some remards make by Mrs. Aurelia Spencer Rogers. This hint has since developed into something tangible known as' the Primary Associations, due to the active, earnest, efficient and one might almost say indefatigable labore of this in these remarkable woman and her enterprises for the good of Zion. These Associations are in onr opinion, an important factor in the kingdom of God upon the earth, for they lie at the very foundation .of the. Hope of Israel. ; j was formed. on the 11th, The first organization of August 1878 in( Farmington .'and the first meeting held on tKe 25th mst. but as it was not very successful' the Association date their organizations from Sept. 7, 1878. About the same time some Associations were organised in Salt , Lake (Jity, the 11th, Ward taking . the lead. . ; ,. t r , . And Sister E. R. Snow Smith, they understand that she was the first organizer and when told that she will visit them their countenances beam with joy and happiness, and ,every where one goes it is the same; how beautiful is such love and truly she is blmed among women; for, she has not only the love and good will of every Latter-da- y Saint but she has the praversof the little children ascending to our Fatner ill her behalf and Jesus has said "of such is the" kingdom of heaven. rejoice in Woman's work and that the restitution has commenced, and that if we are faithful and seek'unto our Father for his divine aid and assistance, we shall gain step bv step, what we have lost and stand by the side of our brother man, a wise counselor and friend in helping to spread light and truth, and in the redemption of the Jiuman race; and we will take care of the babies too, but we will pray to our Fattier for wisdom and ability to assist in his work, but I must close, or I shall say something on the Woman question, and it is thought, by some, that that, had better be laid on the shelf but it will Wi be for our Father "R. A. W. has decreed it otherwise. J . i . . ' ' : , " : : , - " To ha cQntinM. r : - A new book "Harvest Gleanings," by Miss Anna Gardiner, is now; in the hands i of the publishers, The introduction is by Rer.Phebc dedicated to ate all Mrs, Joy... engaged in reform (work, We ... Jiave no doubt thebooj: will prove a useful and instructive one and a help to the advocates, f Woman's nr Suffrage and otner kindred subjects, andsthe ,A. Hanaford, Charlotte. A. ! , t Mrs. Dominis, s:ster ,of King Kalakua of the Sandwich Islands Is acting as Regent while the king is away. Her brother has chosen her as his successor to the thrbne. ' Mrs Margaret Mitchell and other "Mormon" ladies have had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Dominis while on the Sandwich Islands and speak of her as a most estimable lady, very kind in her manner .as well as very agreeable and attractive. co-work- ers . me through your columns to say a few words that have been suggested b)Lvisiting the Primary Association. I love to go there, I sometimes think that the mothers do not appreciate the privileges their children enjoy; if they did I think they could spare an hour once in a while to encourage them by their presence. J often think that I would like to have our friends in the States visit these little.meetings,I think they would be forced to take back what has been said in regard to our children; the offspring of plural marriage being the poor imbeciles etc., which "V they have been represented. President the attended last I the At meeting called upon a little girl to preside, and I can had truly say that it surpassed any thing Iwith ever seen in a child. She went through the programme with -- dignity; and I then in a very pleasant manner said to the visiting sisters "this fills our programme and we would like you to talk to us," addressing herself to one who was present. That programme was indeed beautiful. Little ones lisping the Lord's prayer, and reading from the Old and Netf?Testament essays and dialogues on prayer and many other good things that I cannot remember, and last but not least the singing from their little Hymn Books, it seemed like angels voices singing; praises to our Father. John Quincy Adams, President ofthe United States once said, when he was an oloVman he loved to say the prayer that he learned at his mother's knee,and do not think that these little boys and girls will not remember their little meet ings and the good things they have learned there; and their President and her counselors that are laboring hard to prepare them for the great and glorious future that awaits them if It was about this time that the Deseret Silk Oh! happy this dream of the "Auld Lang Syne, " Sister Eliza although intimately associated in the family relation with Pres. Brigham;Young and having resided under the same roof more than a quarter of a century, and assisted in various ways to promote his domestic happiness did not as many would have done, sit down and spend her time in mourning his death. She was too much interested in the work in which he had passed his lifetime; and seemed to renew her diligence, if that were poesible,in promoting the growth of all the organizations of women whicn existed in the Church. During that fall Sister Eliza R.S S. visited many of the settlements in Salt Lake and other counties' attended meetings and encouraged the sisters to increase their efforts to do good, and work. help roll on the Latter-da- y On the 12th of Dec. a meeting was held to discusajthe best method to obtain signatures to a petition for a 16th amendment to Congress, the women ofUtah of which she waathe leading - spirit, paving Been solicited to aid the National Woman's iSuflfrag, Association in petitioning. Sister JEliza suggested a special meeting to be held Dec. 22nd. At this special meeting an organization was effected of the Relief Society of this Siake. Sister.Eliza moving in the matter as President elect of women's organizations, and making the nominations according to a precedent established byBrigham'.young at, a meeting held in Ogden City July 19, a , short time previous to his decease.' This was a new ' movement, but in strict harmony with the order of the organizations arid by the permission of the presiding authorities of ; the priesthood, and nothing could be more systematic ior be tier cal- - Editok Exponent: Permit to Congress. In.this labor Sister Eliza assisted not only by advice but actual work in writing out - petitions, receiving, counting names and preparing the rolls to be forwarded to Washing-ton- . It was at the Convention held early in January 1878, just following, that the ladies of the N. W. S. A., spoke so emphatically in defense of Mormon women, and by this work of petitioning, these same ladies were enabled to comprehend what power for good was in the hands of Mormon women. But faraway, in the years long flown, D. THE PRIMARIES: culated to further the growth of these institu-tion- s than this method of associating together and reporting in a conference. After this part of the programme had been carried out, then the arrangement was made to canvass the Territory for signatures to the 16th amendment petition The old man eiU in his easy chair Slumbering the moments awy Dreaming a dream that is all his own, On this gladsome, peaceful day. His children hare gathered from far and near, His children's children beside And merry Yokes are echoing through The "Homestead's" halls so wide. Mabt 51 ' book: is- - .Those- - ladies -- 