22 R. S., Y. L. M. I. A, AND PRIMARY REPORTS. J lad Stake, all do, that, it is good to be here. Benediction by Sister John. Afternon, 1 P. M. Confer- fellow-laborer- s P. A. Report of the Primary Association of Juab Stake of Zion. The Primary Associations of the South and North wards ofNephiheld their second annual meeting May 30th, 1881. Stake President Mrs. Hannah Grover presiding. The stand was occupied by the officers of the Relief Society and Primary Associations, also some of the brethren. After the' usual open- ing exercises, Sister Grover made a few appropriate remarks. The remaining time was taken up by songs, recitations, dialogues and a select reading which were rendered in a very creditable manner. Under the able presidency of Sister S. R. Andrews of the South Ward and Sister Caroline Bigler of the North Ward, the children arc visibly progressing. The Mona Primary Association held their anniversary meeting June 1st, 1881. The meeting was conducted by Sister Eleanor Pres. of the P. A., singing "Little in birdie the tree," prayer' by Brother W. singing, "God is always near me;" which, was followed by songs, recitations and dialogues from the members. Brother Thus. Robertson from Order vi lie' addressed a few encouraging remarks to the children; after which Bishop liawes spuke for a short time, also Sisters H. Grover and M. A. Cazier from Nephi. Candy, raisins and nuts, were then handed round to the children. The entertainment showed the lively interest the little ones take in their Association. All enjoyed themselves and manifested a good spirit. The annual meeting of the Levan Primary Association was held May 28th 1881,commenc-in- g at 10 o'clock A. M. President E. Gardner presiding. Bishop Aaggard,and Counselors, the officers of the i'elier' Society were present, and a number of their parents. The meeting opened by singing ''Gladly meeting kindly greeting,"' and "Open the door for the children." The President made a few remarks and gave a verbal report of the Association. The exercises of the meeting consisted of songs, recitations, dialogues and questions on the ten commandments. Bis imp Aagard eneouaged the children to Jive pure and holy lives, said he was pleased to see the progress made, and commended them for the good order and their willingness to perform their parts. Prizes were then awarded. An cntertain-en- t was given by the children in the evening, ithc proceeds of whicli went for the benefit of the Association. AniHi: Sciiofield, Stake Sec'y. . Som-ervill- 31c-Conki- e, e, Piiovo. Minutes of the (Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Utah Co., held in Provo City May 27th 1881. Present on the stand, Pres- ident Margaret T." Smoot, Counselor Mary-JohSec'y. SisSecretary and Corresponding " ter E. R. ShowTTroin 8alt '.Lake CityvaS also with us, and as usual a few of the brethren of the Priesthood met with us. Meeting opened by singing and prayer. President Margaret T--, Smoot said, I am pleased to meet with you again and see so many familiar faces. I am thankful that we are able to meet together, y with the presand that we are favored ence of our beloved Sister Snow, for we all claim her; she is the head of our Relief Societies to counsel advise and guide us. I have' been used to call on the brethren to speak first, when there were any with us, but Sister Snow says it is proper for us td speak first, and let the stronger follow the weak, that if we say anything that needs correcting it can be n, to-da- I am pleased to behold so . many that I am favored to accept as in this great cause. I respect the Priesthood as much as any one, but do not feel like speaking after them, but if they speak after us they can correct our errors if we make any. We are all striving to lo right. Obedience is our motto, there is no other safe ground but perfect obedience, to every principle which God has revealed. I consider this i3 a sacred organization, and if we do not avail ourselves of it, it will be our loss, I think it is important. Those duties that pertain to temporal things arc apt to engross our time,and we neglect our eternal interests, anpl unless our minds are stirred up continually we lose sight of them, but by coming together our spirits gain strength. We need spiritual food, and sometimes I fear our spirits will be small, will not mature, and will not be worthy to enter the presence of our Father. We want to perform every duty for He does not require more of us than we can perform. When there is a duty to perform the Lord gives us our own agency and then if we try to do it He will be sure to help us, but we must be willing, and this i3 a surety to success, never neglect a duty, never leave a loop hole for Satan to enter. The sisters are doing a good work. We do not know what we would have been without these societies. Joseph Smith said they always existed wherever there was a perfect organization of the Church, and the Elect Ladies meant the Presidents of these Societies. The speaker advised the sis-- , terg to read the revelation in the Doctrine and Covenants given to Emma Smith. We do not want to stop short of Celestial glory, for that is the only glory that secures to us our family ties, that opens to us all our happiness, nothing should get between us and our religion, let the spirit govern us instead of the flesh, there is no dividing our interests, and to attain Celestial glory will take all our powers, let us be up and doing; it will bo our good works that will save us at last; let us try to encourage and save those that are on the back ground and bring them back into the fold. Let us never be discouraged and we. will never fail. We want to be as near like our heavenly Father as we can. Let us have faith for our families when they are sick, and let every mother teach her children the principle of faith, or else they cannot stand in the day of trial. If any of us lack faith in God let us seek to the Lord diligently, that we may receive of his holy Spirit. I feel that we do not live as near him as we should. WTiat a comfort to know that our Heavenly Father has passed through the same as we are now passing through and can feci for us. We should be humble and prayerful our hearts liftecLup to God continually and it will soon be second nature. I feel that I love you all, and hope to meet you all and not one lost is my desire, Amen. Pres. M. T. Smoot then introduced to the assembly Sister E. S. Taylor, from Salt Lake City, President of the Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Associations in all the Church. Sister Taylor said, I feel that we are not , . strangers for I havrbeen aslociated with these societies for 14 years but it is the same faces that generally meet us. The faithful few. We do not lose anything by attending these meetings, we feel our spiritual strength renewed we learn a great deal. We feel that we have something worth living for. Wc cannot attain to Celestial glory in ignorance. I wish to meet with the Young Ladies of Provo this evening and hope to see as many as can come-out- , "' Sister Snow said, . . , etc. . Sister John endorsed all that had been said by the speakers this morning, and thought that we should all try and have faith in God in this trying time; etc. Prest. Sister Smoot sa&, we will now close our meeting and come together again this afternoon. I feel and suppose you , ence commenced by the usual exercises, after which Sister Snow gave the sisters some special instructions. Bishop Johnson followed, with a few remarks, endorsed every word ef the the the word of the Lord to us. Sisters Holden and Tanner made a few good remarks, followed by Mother Duke. Sister Zina Y. Williams spoke of the postponement of the Primary Jubilee on account of so much sickness in Provo at the present time, said the Primaries were doing well. There were 2227 names of the children put in the Jubilee box. Ma Smoot said we are all engaged as we should be, let us purge our hearts that we be not barren or unfruitful, let us lay aside the cares of the world and come to these meetings and enjoy the full fruition of the Spirit of the Lord. Let us live every .day that we may be When we contemready if called plate what we should be to enter our Father's Kingdomvl fear we shall be lacking in many remarks it to-da- y, is to-morro-w. in things. I feel that we are blessed y the instructions wc have received, I extend an invitation to all- the Bishops of the County to meet with us, we should be pleased to have them do so. It was proposed that the Jubilee box be kept by the President of the Society and left by her in care of her successors in office, and a vote of the Conference was taken to that effect. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by Bishop Johnson. Caroline Daniels, Sec'y. to-da- - Richfield. We have lately been blessed by a visit from Sisters Zina D. Young and 31. Isabella Home, and have so enjoyed it I thought it might be interesting to some of the readers of the Ex- ponent. They arrived in Richfield on Wednesday ,the of May and if one were to j udge from their appearance,he would think their ride had been in the pleasantest of cars, instead of a light, spring carriage, over rough roads, they looked so cheerful, bright and pleasant. Thursday and Friday were spent in attending Conference, the first day being occupied by the Relief Society, and the second day by the Y. L. 31. I. A., and Primary. The instruction and counsel given was good, and the Spirit of God filled our hearts with joy and peace. In the afternoon of the second day, Miss Clara Home (who with her father and sister Mattie were also visiting Richfield) arose and spoke in tongues, and I never heard a sweeter language, or a more, melodious voice. "The Spirit of God like a fire was burning." There was scarcely a dry eye in the congregation. Sister Young interpreted it, and it was a poem of great and rare worth. It was the strongest testimony I hve ever heard, and I have heard many here express themselves in the same manner. Miss Mattie Home, at the urgent request of the President, addressed the young ladies for a short time, in a pleasant, refined and intelligent manner, w hich wtmt straight to tho heart the admiration and esteem of all present. On Saturday, Sister Young,the Sisters Home, and the Presidencies of the R. S., Y. L. 3I.J, A., and P. A., of this Stake visited Glen wood, and met with each of the above named societies. Had a pleasant meeting,and a flow of the good Spirit, and all seemed edified and blessed. We returned to Richfield in the evening, and remained over Sunday, and then the same party, with the exception of the Misses Home, who had started home, visited the Southern part of the County, which comprises, Jnverury, Elsinore, Joseph, Monroe ond Annabella, held three meetings in each place, (with the exception of Aunabella, where there is no organization of the Y. L. M.,) one meeting with the R. 2" -- and-won 