W OMAN ' S thufciam the Hearts oi every true-nearte- d American. president Brigham Young afterwards said to want )ru to note the Van Vliet. sjius of the times; yo.ii will see that God will chastise this nation for trying to destroy both If the governthe Indians and the Mormons. ment persists in sending an array to destroy us, n the name of the Lord we will conquer them. Ifthev dare to force the issue, I shall not hold the Indians by the wrist any longer, for white Van Vliet said "If our men to shoot at them." this matter to the extent .Tovenment pushes war of making upon you, I will withdraw from the Army, for I will not have a hand in shed-j- n the blood of American citizens. President Young said "we shall trust in God." We know how that expedition terminatedmd the humiliation of the nation. We, also know that the grace of our Heavenly Father has sustained us and that He led us It was our deatiny and we to these valleys. fulfilled it. Wetxpect to remain have not yet here just as long as He wills it and to build our Temples and continue to enlarge our borders, and our foes need not Hatter themselves that we will give up one of the principles of our religion. Those who are looking for this wilbbe sadly disappointed for their hopes will never Capt. he realized. LIVING LINKS: OR SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BV AVON DALE. There were great expectations in the family of the Lindsays, their daughter Mary was of age, and it had been determined that she should be married, and that to the man of her choice. Her father, Joseph Lindsay, had married to a lady of considerable culture, and of some wealth, on the oth of August, 17G0, Miss Augustina Smith, who was connected with one of the first city families, had signed the contract of marriage at the church of All Hall- ows Staining, Mark Lane, in the city of Lon- don. The bridegroom carried on the business of a Mirgeon and apothecary, in Bermondsey, on the Surrey side of the Thames, at London, and he was generally called "Apothecary Lind-ey,- " on account of his vocation. It was also generally known that he was a Scotchman, chiefly by hi name and the traditions respecting his forefathers, who from the general report of the good peoplo of Bermondsey, had been remarkable for deeds of blood in the remote ages, qualities which have distinguished the ancestors of other families besides those of "Apothecary Lindsay." . Now, Miss Mary, as before stated, was about to be married, but in those days, as now, there . was truth love never inline adage, "the course of true runs smooth," the lover, a promising, young man died. This event had a tendency to cast a shadow over the future of Marv Lindsay, who had already contracted a habit approaching to that of melancholy; her three Whers had died when she was young, they were buried in' the New Bermondsey church yard, where their tiny graves were constantly decorated with flowers and evergreens by the fair hands of their lonely sister. Mary was a beautiful girl and affectionate ss beautiful. In after years she would tell of her sorrows at g her "pretty little brothers," and although her young lover was not mentioned, and she had ceased to weep, her lips trembled with los-!"- e'notion. , 1W Mary Lindsay! It was well for you that you were the patient, gentle being that you were; iu'our experience sentiment was verified that: the truth of the EXPONENT. "God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb." It was a misfortune that "Apothecary Lind-sey- " had been brought into contact with city men, wealthy citizens of London, and had seen the advantages raonied nuiii possessed over small tradesmen like himself, and he had silently resolved to have his daughter married to a wealthy city merchant. If is true, reasoned, the apothecary, that a clerk in holy orders would be a good match, provided he had an adequate income,but what would be the use of the small dowry I can give with my girl to a poor curate, to assist in bringing up a family. Now, this sum, although small, amounting to only a few thousand pounds, added to the business of a thriving city merchant, would do something, and my beloved daughter would have all the advantages of wealth and social consideration in the highest city circles. Mr. William Unipod was just the man to marry his daughter, he was a merchant of the city of London, carrying on the business of a grocer, in Coleman Street, he had branch houses at Waltham Abbey, Essex, at Edmonton, Middlesex, and at other country places. His wagons were constantly in motion conveying goods to his various establishments. Then, again, he was a member of the Dyers Company, one of the "worshipful" city guilds, dating from a great antiquity. It is true Mr. Unipod was a widower, but his family was not large, two sons and a daughter; but then there was ample wealth, country residences for Mary to dwell in whenever she chose to visit the "other establishments," and it would be so delightful to visit the dear Lindsays who were in the Church at Waltham Abbey and Edmonton. As to Mary Lindsay, she was scarcely consulted and cared little about the arrangements that had been made, her heart had been given to another; her affections were in the grave. To be Continued. WOMAN'S WORK IN ST.. GEORGE. We are at present enjoying, for the first time for some years, a visit, from our honored and beloved sisters, E. R. Snow and Zina D. Young, of your city, who have been for a few. weeks past in our midst, busily engaged in dodead ing good, benefitting both the living and laboring in the Temple for the latter, and meeting with and instructing the former. They have met with and organized into Primary Associations the children of each of the four wards of St. George. This is certainly a step in the right direction, as those who have the interest of the young at heart cannot but realize and acknowledge, and these estimable sisters, with their kind, pleasant ways, excellent instructions, stories and anecdotes, told to thb children in such a simple and telling manner, will be long remembered for good by the children of Southern Utah, and I trust the instructions thus received will sink deep into their hearts making a lasting impression, that it may spring up and bear good fruit in the years to come. Sisters Eliza and Zina certainly have the upon them m spirit of their office and calling all must feel who come under the sound of their voices, and I think their visit is truly apmet preciated by many of the sisters. They with them in their regular monthly, joint effected a Stake ormeeting on Fast day, and with the followganization for the Primaries, ' ing named sisters as officers: Julia H-jvi- ns, WoodPresident; Marv Whitehead and Annie SecreM. Romney, bury Counselors; Annie P. Bentley, Treasurer. I tary and Elizabeth selection as think they have made a very wise these ladies are women of experience forability these and enterprise (three great requisites and who, moreover, have important position), 115 considerable influence with the little folks. I feel confident that under their able management, together with the officers in the different wards, that these meetings will prove of incalculable benefit to both parents and children. Sisters Snow and Young met with the young ladies yesterday, in their Quarterly Conference; there was a good attendance, ana all listened with pleasure and gratitude to the good instructions which were imparted. The Relief when anSocieties meet in Conference ' " other good time is anticipated, Sisters Eliza and Zina have not spent any idle time, as they have visited the settlement .to-da- y, of Hebron, Fort Hamblin, Pinto, Pine Valley, Santa Clara and Washington in the short time they have been in this Stake. I believe the sisters all join in a hearty "God bless them," and long may they live to do good. Kate. MUSINGS. As I sit at home musing and listening to the prattle of the children, and hear their expectations of Christmas, Santa Claus and well filled stockings, and behold each bright, happy face, it brings vividly to my mind the days of my childhood, with other Christmas times spent in the society .of dear parents and brothers and sisters at home. I say, God bless the happy-- . children! let them enjoy the pure and innocent pleasure of this blessed holiday; and may God give each mother wisdom to guide the steps of each little child by that Holy Spirit which will keep them in the path of truth, honesty and virtue, from this happy Christmas on through every stage of life, that they may become honorable men and women and live to fulfil the measure of their creation. Let faith grow and increa&e-ithem with the growth of their bodies, so they will be able to withstand all disease and temptation that they may come in contact with, as they journey on through life. My mind still opens to the great importance of parents reading and understanding the laws Saints, of salvation given to us as Latter-da- y so to guide our every day life, they may not go on blind leading the blind, as it were, but rather educate themselves, so that light may fill their minds and shine forth in their homes, that their children may see as they see and What father imitate their good examples. and mother do is perfection in the eyes of children. As I still muse on, I see children Jess happy than those close around me. Children who do not enjoy the many comforts of home and love of kind parents; some who are hungry and scantilv clothed, and I notice the eager and wistful look on their faces as they gaze on the which money can purmany beautiful things, chase to gladden the hearts of children on this to-da- y, i : ';- '1 - n blessed Christmas. When I behold this '., S1 .1 ,. . ! - . ""'? IV'.'T con- ! T.yt trast it makes me sad, for I would like to see all happy together. I would say to all who have comfortable homes and enjoy plenty, let Christus not forget the poor on this coming hand mas- father let each one go, basket in of homes and and'help to gladden the hearts those who are less fortunate, and not forget to the thankGod, the Giver of all good, for in this our blessed peace and plenty we enjoy Mountain Home. the merry, merry Christmas! How the children's yoices ring; Oh, the merry, merry Christmas, Says the echo answering Oh, D. E. t)vvu:Y. Clifton, Dec. 20, 1880., a judge: to hear consider soberly, cautiously, to answer wiely,to and to decide impartially. Socrafa., Four things .belong to i Mi -- 