W OMAN'S E X PON EN T S., one with the Y. L. M., and one with the ,I A. fh'e gifts of the Gospel were manifested both in Elsmore and Monroe, and it was a great utes for the sisters benefit. Said they were the teachers and instructors of the youth, and he appealed to the mothers to teacn their children the principle of tithing, for it was one of the grandest principles of the Gospel. Spoke very strongly upon the subjects of governing the children, and keeping the children out of source of pleasure and edification to the Saints, and especially the young, manof them never having heard anything of the kind before. We returned to Richfield Thursday evening, and Friday was spent in rest, but oif Friday evening the sisters were surprised by a . party of brethren and sisters who met in the R. S., . hall, and enjoyed a few hours of talking, ;danc-ring and music, and the partaking of a beautiful picnic. Saturday morning the sisters started for home, intending to go through Sanpete, and hold meetings in some of the settlements on the the streets. Singing. Benediction, by Bisho p Jensen. 2 P. M. After the usual opening exercises the Presidents of the different wards gave verbal reports of their societies; reported as being in good condition, and doing well. Sister Home said she had been requested to give the officers of the Society a few instructions in regard to their duties, which she did in a spirit of gentleness and humility, and also spoke of storing grain, and that we should not sell nor use it but store it for famine. Sister Youngfspoke upon the subject of silk culture, and the duties of the officers of the Silk Associations. Reported the condition of the Silk Associations in the northern part of the Territory. Encouraged the Sisters to use energy and diligence in establishing silk industries. Said, for us not to let our talents lie dormant, but to cultivate them. Spoke of the ability manifested in many of the Primary Associations. We should never get in a hurry, but take time to be kind arid reasonable, and never strike a child in a passion but teach our children to knit, sew, cook, and dc all kinds of work. Advised us to study the laws of health, and teach our daughters to observe them. d shoes, Portrayed the dangers of and tight lacing. Discouraged the use of Babylonish fashions. There were two things she always felt like running from,and that was, a hou3e on fire,"and a g tongue. The greatest source of sorrow is sin; "Those the Ljrd loveth He chasteneth." But don't borrow trouble. "''Never cross a bridge until you come to it." Asked the blessings of God upon all Zion. Sister Bean was greatly pleased and edified at what had been said, and thankful for the instructions; desired to do what was right. Urged the sisters to vote, and to know where their children were at night. &c. Conference adjourned for three months. Sang ''How beauteous their feet.'' Benediction by, Pres. A. K. Thurber. Celia E. Bean. Sec. Protein. way. The visit will never be forgotten, and I feel T?afe in saying, our beloved Sisters Young and liorne will ever have the love and prayers of the sisters of this Stake of Zion. Minutes of the 7th, Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societv of Sevier Stake, of Ziom Richfield, May 26, 1881. Present on the stand, Sisters Zina D. Young and M. Isabella liorne, of Salt Lake, President Elizabeth Bean and counselors of the Sevier Stake, and Presidents of the different Wards. Pres't. Spencer, and Bros. A. K. Thurber, G. W. Bean, J. S. Home, and others of the Priesthood. Pres.E. Bean presiding, singing, prayer bv Pres. Tliurber; singing. Sister Bean felt pleased to see so many present, and that we had the Sisters from Salt Lake with us, and hoped we would retain and put in practice their counsel and instruction. Said we needed an Asst. Secretary for the Stake, and Miss Annie Bean was sustained in- that position. Minutes of last Conference read and accepted. Compiled report read. Sister Zina D. Young felt her dependence in rising to address a congregation was thankful that so many of the brethren were present, that they might know what was being taught their wives, daughter and sisters. Said the responsibilities of the sisters were great, and their calling the most noble of women. They were to mould the characters of future generations, not only for time but for all eternity. Contrasted the labors and conditions of the sisters of the Relief Society and the women of the world. Said we came together to learn to love and bless each other, and among the women of Zion could be found purity of hearc, firmness of mind, depth of character and sterling worth, while the women of the world were constantly struggling for rights they could not tie to, and she pitied them. Said we should be careful to set before our children reading matter of our own production. By her request Sister Heppler read the revelation contained in the Doctrine and Covenants (to Emma Smith.) Sister Young deemed it good to read such things, said it would enrich our souls. Sister Home said this was the era for women, and the time was nigh when they would enlarge their minds, and increase their capacity to do good. This work was progressive. "Joseph Smith had said thn Church wa never com' pletely organized until the Relief Society organization was effected, fyod was no respecter of persons, and his daughters were endowed with gifis and talents, as well asThij sdhsV and the gifts and blessings of the Gospel would rest upon them, as well as upon the brethren. Said the sisters should look after the poor, arid comfort and bless the afflicted. We should understand business matters, and keep our books in order, which was a very difficult matter. We are so constituted tnat we require three kinds of food; temporal food to sustain our bodies, spiritual food to sustain our spirits, and intellectual food to sustain our minds. Prayed for the blessings of God to rest upon all. Pres. Spencer felt like talking for a few min high-heele- - fault-findin- ' The Quarterly Conference of the Weber n Stake of Zion was held in the Tabernacle, City, Thursday, June 9, 1881, Mrs. Jane S. Richards presiding. On the stand were Apostle F. D. Richards, Prest. D. H. Peery, Counselor Middleton "and several Bishops of the city and adjacent settlements; also Prest. Eliza ,R," Snow Smith and Mrs. E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City, and the officers of the presiding board of Weber Stake R. S. and. Y. L. M. L A. The verbal reports of presidents of the several societies were very satisfactory, and showed much had been accomplished by the sisters in various charitable labors, also a marked improvement in speaking. Sister J. S. Richards gave the audience kindly greeting, made preliminary remarks expressing her great pleasure in having Sister Eliza I resent afleFsoTorig ah abserice,arid Tier desire to receive and hearken to the instructions she might give on the occasion. Sister., E. R. Snow Smith gave a very entertaining account of her trip to St. George and the southern settlements, the enjoyment ehG realized in officiating in the and in orchildren the in the ganizing Primary Associations. She referred feelingly to the affectionate remembrance of the societies of Weber Stake in preparing the excellent party given in honor of the anniversary of her birthday, and her gratitude to all who assisted, but felt humble Og-de- " T-mpi- 23 and weak in having so much honor heaped upShe exhorted the sisters 'to faithfulon her. ness and diligence in the performance of duties as wives, and mothers, and earnestly entreated mothers to be loving and tender and guard carefully the, precious souls of their little ones, and throw around them- every possible safeguard to protect them from evil influences; thought the Saints should be indefatigable in their labors in this respect; urged the isters"to hold fast to the "iron rod,"and never lose sight of the exaltation they had set out to obtain. Apostle F. D. Richards spoke in terms of the highest commendation of the good work that was being done by the sisters, and alluded to the fact of their labors being greatly appreciated by the Bishops and other brethren. He spoke of the bitter opposition that was being exhibited toward this people by various denominations of professed Ch rist ians th roughout the country. The speaker then read a copy of some remarks made by the Prophet Joseph Smith a short time previous to his martyrdom, and the prophecy uttered on that occasion of the Saints migrating to the Rocky Mountains. He recounted some of t he severe trials and persecutions through which the Saints had passed in the earlier days of the Church. One of his own brothers had been killed by the mob in Missouri, and thrown with other dead bodies into the dry well at Hauns' Mill, victims of that fearful massacre, in 1837. Another, brother of his, one of the famous Mormon Battalion,1 had died of the hardships of that fearful march across the desert. Jn the afternoon of the same day, Elder Richards read from the Millennial Star, vol. 10, concerning the first organization of the Relief Society in Nauvoo,, by President Joseph Smith. These articles treated of the nature of this organization, its object and bearing, and also of the special duties of woman in relation to the position they occupy in this Church, and the blessings which they might obtain through The power which faithfulness and obedience. should be manifested in the healing of the sick and performing other good works, and explained the meaning of "Elect Lady." Brother Richards made a few explanatory remarks upon what he had been reading; said it was all easy to be understood and carried conviction to every honest heart. Spoke of the spiritual influences which had been brought to bear upon the young men and boys by means of the Mutual Improvement Associations, and gave it as his opinion that through these spiritual channels the improprieties of youth might in time be corrected, and they would apply them selves to obtaining knowledge and intelligence. Realized there had been a great improvement since these organizations had been established. Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke upon the importance of selecting good reading matter to put into the hands of young people; urged tne sisters to avail themselves of every opportunity for culture, to read good books and the news of the day, so they might be able to converse intelligently upon all general topics, and to instruct their children at home and be companionable in the family circle, that their.mhids and heartv might expand and enlarge and light be given them and wisdom to aid them in the duties of every day life and the high and holy responsibilities which derotve updri woriiari:""' Bro. Samuel Egglcston made some remarks upon Nauvoo days and his acquaintance with the Prophet Joseph Smith, which were very interesting. Mrs. Hat tie Brown made a few d remarks; and President J. S. Richard closed with some suggestions to the sisters in an appropriate but brief speech; and after, the usual exercises of singing and prayer,the Conference adjourned for three months. . . well-time- Friday, June 1 0th, was the Quarterly Con- - 