WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 156 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EMMKMJTE B. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising" rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Published semi-monthl- y, Publisher Woman's Exfoweict, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, MORMONISM MARCH 15, 18S1. WILL LIVE. Wo have often heard it said, the best way to kill a disagreeable thing is to let it alone, and it will die a natural death. Evidently this is not the idea generally entertained in regard to It seems to be as much an inexhaustible subject to those who oppose it, as it is to the Elders who proclaim its principles. Mormonism ia dished up in various forms for Congress and the Cabfnet, and to send about to foreign nations, as well as for Territorial Legislatures and the daily pipers. Presidents and Governors take a turn at it, and denounce the Mormons in their speeches to the people. It not only bothers political leaders and demagogues, but Chris-tio- n ministers, in their great anxiety to suppress Mor-tmonis- m. it, are exerting every nerve and bringing their tremendous influence to bear, to show it up in its most terrible aspect. And women, too, are taking extra pains, sparing neither time, money nor talents to portray its hideousness. In the midst of all this controversy on the Mormon question, the tide of empire still marches onward, and the Stakes of Zion are strengthened and her borders lengthened, and the number of disciples to the "new faith" constantly increases. There is something in Mormonism, so called, that is not apparent to the casual observer; it has seemed an easy matter to uproot this "obnoxious plant," but many powerful efforts have again and again been made, yet all have signally failed. Men of enterprise, men of nerve, have undertaken to battle with it, and men of superior worldly intelligence have sought to solve the Mormon problem, to read this enigmatical riddle in vain. The Mormon people, persecuted, driven and plundered, still have prospered, made new homes, sent out their missionaries, built up the waste places and made the desert blossom as the rose. Full of faith in God and integrity to the principles He has revealed in this dispensation, and regardless of the opprobrium heaped upon them by their enemies, they pursue the even tenor of their way, and with the indomitable perseverance of the Pilgrim Fathers, who ventured all for the sake of worshipping God according to the dictates of their own consciences, tliey have braved the perils of the wilderness with wives and children, taking, as it were, their lives in their hands. But this is not enough. Their enemies pursue tliem, they would despoil them of all the rights of citizenship and place their lives in Jeopardy. For what? "For obeying the law of the Lord as revealed through his prophet. Blind as the people who lived before the flood, they cry delusion, and will not be warned of danger. They see not the signs of the times In the calamities that are following each other in quick succession. But the Lord la working among the nations, and in &U own way and time bringing to pass his The few who are willing to make a covenant by sacrifice, are looked upon as the Saints of God were in former days, outcasts and deluded; but they have that within which pass-et- h understanding, and though the world revile and persecute them, still true to the principles they have espoused and the covenants they have made, they will unflinchingly maintain their integrity to the law of the Lord, though "the heathen rage and the people imagine a vain thing." Not only is this true of men bearing the holy priesthood, but of women also, who hold their faith as sacred as the ancient women of Scripture, of whom the Christian-world is so justly proud. The world that the sisters to more earnest AflWo tion. The success that has attended Dr. Pratt's former .classes is a sufficient guarantee that no exertion will be spared on her part to make the lectures eminently instructive and We hope many will avail themselves ofpractical this purposes. fellow-helper- s, condemns Mormon women in the present age for accepting the conditions of the Abrahamic covenant, viz., patriarchal marriage, but hold up to view, as examples worthy of imitation the women of olden time, and immortalize their memory in poetry and art. Sara, Ruth, Rebecca and others, who obeyed the voice of the Lord and made covenant by sacrifice. The women of the new dispensation are prepared to make similar sacrifices; indeed, they have already broken in pieces their earthly idols and accepted the new and everlasting covenant. The lives of many areas grand and as noble as those of the holy women of old. , They have borne the cross, and who shall say they will not win an immortal crown, the blessing' of endless lives. Such women are earnest and staunch supporters of the same "faith that was once delivered to the Saints." There is in the Gospel men term Morg monism an germ, that cannot be uprooted by the blasts of adversity, or destroyed by the raging fire of persecution. Those who have not drank at the same living fountain comprehend it not. Presidents, governors and rulers may make and enforce stringent laws and measures bearing upon the Mormon question, but they cannot destroy the immortal germ of truth which gives assurance to the Latler-daSaint that the Lord has commenced to establish his kingdom, nor can they compass the Almighty in his purposes, and every weapon formed against Zion will fall powerless to the ground; and while the tide of humanity rolls on, this work will prosper, until the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of the Lord and his Christ, and He whose right it is shall reign forevermore. ever-endurin- y HOME AFFAIRS. Mrs. Ellen C. S. Clawson wishes the Secretaries of all the Primary Associations in the county to send in reports immediately for the coming Conference. The Rev. Alessandro Gavazzi, the famous Italian evangelist, and associate of Garibaldi arrived in this city Sunday just before noon. He held two meetings to crowded houses. His audience was electrified by his eloquence, though the Good Father is now seventy-tw- o years of age. The Stake Conference of Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. A. ani Primary Associations of Salt Lake Co., will be held in the' 14th Ward Assembly Hooma on Friday and Saturday, March 25 and 20. It is earnestly requested by the presiding sisters of these organizations that there be a full attendance of the officers from each respective branch as far as practicable, and of all who are Interested in these associations.. Class in Midwifery. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will commence her fourth class in Midwifery April II, I8SI. The increasing demand that there is from all the settlements fti tho Territory for qualified midwivee, should stimulate ty. , An entertainment was given in the Social Hall for the benefit of the 18th, Ward Sunday School Wednes. Eve, It consisted of a laughable farce entitled "My Wife's Bonnet," by some of the Home Dramatic Club and the comic operatta "A Capital Joke," arranged for four voices. The operatta is something new and original sufficiently interesting to excite the audience a trifle and short enough not to be tedious. The parts were well rend ered and both pieces evince some ability an the part of the young people. The selections were good. We commend them for not undertaking anything heavier. Leaves From My Journal: This is the suggestive title of the third book of the Faith Promoting Series, which are being brought out at the Juvenile Instructor Office. The work is by Pres. Wilford Woodruff and is specially adapted to young Elders, missionaries; and yet calculated to inspire and strengthen the faith of all. The Author begins with the "blue laws of Counetti. cutt," his native state, from that goes on, to see jng Joseph Smith, visiting Kirtland &c., &c. It s a most interesting book all the way through and contains a many powerful evidnces of the healing of the sick: savors greatly of the Apostle himself, rapidly taking you over the ground he, has trod and ever keeping up the same livelyin-teres- t. For Sale at the Juvenile Instructor Office. Price 25 cts. It Is earnestly requested that the secretaries of the Y. L; M. I. A., of Salt Lake Stake, send injtheir semiannual reports immediately, that the Stake Secr'y. may prepare them for the Ladies Conference to be held March 18th anl 19th. Th e following information is required: no. of members, no. of meetings held,manner of conducting meeting. If a paper is issued. If a library is owned by the association. Amount of home reading and Financial reports. Mary A. Freeze, Pres. Augulta J. Crociieron, Sec y. ENJOYABLE AFFAIR. number of ladies and gentlemen, friends and relatives of Mrs. Phebe Woodruff, met at her residence March 8, at 5 P. M., to do honor to the veteran lady, and celebrate the of her 74th birthday. The party had been arranged by her daughters while the mother was away, through their strategy, at the WoodrufT Farm a short distance from the city. On her return per programme, she was tish ered into her own parlor, which was filled with her most intimate friends, when her daughter, Mrs, Phebe W. Snow came to her relief by making a very pretty little speech, suitable to the occasion, expressing the congratulations of her children A large ry and friends. There were present, Pres. John Taylor, Coun. D. II. Wells, Bishop Edward Hunter, Bishop L. W. Hardy, Elder George Goddard, Hon. C. W. Penrose, Elder George Reynolds, Bihop Thomas Taylor, with their wives, and many other brethren and sisters, about seventy in all. After all the expected quests had arrived. Sis ter Woodruff was presented with the portraits of three, of her daughters, arid some other articles of value, and an elegant easy chair; thepresenta tion was made by her grandson, Leslie Snow, In a pleasing little address suited to the occasion. 3 