WOMAN'S 20 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. suitable songs, making sweet melody, which was van excellent treat for all. The good people of Ogden City had prepared carriages ami wagons to convey all from the depot to the grove, where tables were spread and ample provision made to make them eomfortabie for the day. Apostle F. D. Richards, President D. H. Peery and other local authorities of We ber County, also Hon. Lorin Farr, were present doing all in their power to entertain their guests. After partaking of refreshments, the -company assembled for the exercises, where a large platform and benches had been arranged to seat the people. an th em, "Come, let us go up to the mountain of he Lord," composed by Bro, E. Stevens, of Willard, a young man of considerable musical and poetical genius. Prest. Woodruff offered prayer, music b' the Ogden brass band, a speech of welcome from Weber County by President Peery, in which he referred to the great honor paid to Bishop Hunter. "Few men lived," said he, "who could ob- tain such respect as was paid now to this veteran, bom in 1793, who had lived in the days, of Washington." Bishop Hunter followed in an eloquent speech, relating some pleasant reminiscences of tbe past, and congratulating himself upon being associated with the Saints in these mountain vales. Spoke feelingly of the glorious Constitution of our country and the Declaration of Independence,and told the people he enlisted as a volunteer as sooa as he was old enough, and served faithfully seven years, receiving an honorable discharge, which he had still preserved. He had always been imbued with the spirit of a patriotbut after joining this Church and gathering to Nauvoo he was accused of treason, he had broken no law or given any cause for the accusation, etc., etc. Supt. Mouch, in behalf of the Sunday Schools of Ogden then presented," with a pleasing speech, a testimonial to" Bishop Hunter, as a token of their appreciation of his useful life an d labors. It was a large memento, handsomely framed, containing the portraits, appropriately arranged, of Presidents Joseph Smith, Brigham Yonng, John Taylor, and of the aged Bishop. At'the top of either corner are the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants. The whole, with the exception of the photographs, is elegantly executed with the pen by Prof. A. J. Phelps. Below are the following words, and the poem ,we have published on the first page: "Testimonial to Bbhep Edward Hunter, in behalf of the Sunday Schools of Ogden City, on the 22nd of June, 1681, being the 88th anniversary of his birthday, when he visited Ogden with the Old Folks' Excursion. Thia presentation is tendered as a token of affection and esteem, in which the faithful veteran, to wnom it is made, is held by the doners. The world at large hold up the lives of their great men, that the young may follow their illustrious footsteps. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints can proudly do the same, furnishsome of the brightest examples that grace ... ing the pages of history. Among the individualities that will be thus presented, Bishop Hunter will always find a prominent place. His purity and simplicity of character and untarnished integrity should be never failing objecta of emulation by the you th of Israel, May the God of our fathers bless him forever." President Taylor made a short pithy speech, speaking in terms of great reverence of the Bishop and his faithfulness and integrity, and closed by blessing the whole congregation. Presents of diflerent kinds were distributed to the oldest people present and those from different localities, consisting of parasols, canes, dress pat terns, packages of tea and coffee, and a variety of useful things. Elder George Goddard, in behalf of the committee, tendered thanks to the people of Ogden, and prayed that God might bless them a hundred fold. Hoped to acknowledge their kindness by inviting them all next year to enjoy themselves at Mill Farm Park, in Salt Lake Citv. Choir sang "Auld Lang Syne," and benediction " - EMMELIJfE B. WELLS, Published . Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy elx months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one semi-monthl- y, j time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. ""Xdfltcgg all bualndss comm unication s to Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, - JULY 1, 1881. THE MEMORABLE FOURTH. The fourth of July, the anniversary of the birth of a great Republican nation, is to be celebrated here with patriotic enthusiasm. It is a day of national rejoicing, and should be honored and regarded by the people who sustain the principles upon which this government wa founded. Freedom for all, whatever their religious faith may be. It was for this our forefathers suffered, fought and many died, that they might establish a government and found a country wherein all might "worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences." The celebration is to take place at Mill Farm Park, which on that occasion is to be christened Liberty Park. Tables will be spread under the trees, and no doubt every luxury of the season will be furnished by the several committees on picnic. A number of oxen and sheep are to be roasted whole and served up to the company. It is a charming spot and the trees will aflord grateful shelter under the July sun. The exercises are to be abort and appropriate. "The Star Spangled Banner" will be sung by the choir, Hon. John T. Caine will read tiie Declaration of Independence, aud Orson F. Whitney, Esq., will be the Orator of the Day. Inhere will be some other exercises, also games aud general amusements of various kinds, and dancing, for which a platform has been made. It is anticipated that the celebration will be an enjoyable 1881, affair. HONOR TO THE SILVER GREYS. The annual excursion for the old folks of this city and vicinity took place Juno 22d, the 88th anniversary of the birth of Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter. The place of destination was Farr's Grove, Ogden City, distant by train forty miles, and about three miles' ride from the depot. The old people were "as happy as happy could be," meeting each other and exchanging friendly greetings; many of them were over the age of three score and ten. A careful committee had arranged everything for the comfort and enjoyment of the party. - Presidents John Taylor, George Q. Cannon and Wilford Woodruff, also Bishops Edward Hunter and L. W. Hardy, of the Church authorities, were with the party, and participated In the enjoyments of the day. There ere thirteen cars well filled. Two ladies and two gentlemen of the company were over ninety, and fifty were over eighty years old. The whole company, It is said, numbered six hundred and fifty persons. Each person over ninety received a silver jnedalwlth a ribbon attached, and when the gift! were presented, they wept for Joy like children. Refreshments were handed through all on me way, and a special choir uic sang was pronounced by President George Q. Cannon. The party returned home in safety, feeling freshed and strengthened in body and mind. , re- , Jhoir.-fcang.the. -The-c- THE COMET. It i& needless to announce the appearance of a comet in the heavens, as it is the talk of the town at present, and it seems to be greatly It is indeed very beautiful as well as wonderful. Notwithstanding the researches of astronomers and scientists, there Is still some ad-mire- mystery about thev appearance and disappearance of these heavenly bodies. They are very erratic in their course, and one's ideas and theories on the subject are very likely to be upset, if positive calculations are made of their coming or going. Anciently comets were looked upon as sure precursors of dire disaster by land or tea, bnt people have become bo matter-of-faj, that it is unpopular to expi ess a belief in any of these figns. But certain it is the scripture say: "There shall be signs in the heavens," etc. ct old-fashione- now-a-da- d HOME AFFAIRS. The Ladies' Conference f this Stake of Zlon was held In this city, June 17th and 18th. Full particulars will be published in our next issue. al-thou- pre-sent- ed d. The machinery for weaving silk, ordered from Patterson, New Jersey, by the Utah Silk ciation, has arrived in Provo. . Prof. J. Asso- G. Lemmon and wife from California Academy of science have been spending a few days about the count iv looking up Utah plants, at the pame time getting a few items about the Mormons. ? Sister M. Isabella Home and her daughter Miss Mattie Home started for Bear Lake Valley Monday morning June the 27, to visit friends in that vicinity, and do a little missionary work among the Societi is in that locality. Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, Zina D. H. Young, Ellen C. S. CJawson and Louie Felt, went to Sugar House Ward on W'ednesday June 29th to attend special meeting called by the for the purine of organizing a Primary Bishop, Association in the Ward. Tiie sudden death of Mrs. Fanny Decker Lit- tle, wife of Mayor Little, of this city, has cast a gloom over many besides the bereaved household. She was a most devoted mother and affectionate wife. She will be deeply and sincere"J ly mourned by a host of true friends. We have had the pleasure to meet of' late some very interesting people, who have been visiting this city, seeing the sights and making the acquaintande of a few Mormons. Among them the sister and daughter of the famous J ulia Ward Howe,of Boston, Mass. Mrs. Annie W. Milliard, of San Rafael and her neice Miss Maud Howe, of Boston; the young lady accompanied her mother in her travels on the conti- holy-lan. n$nt of Europe and in the and to all appearance adapt herself well to the life of a tourist. She was on her way to California to spend a few weeks with her aunt at her home in d, the West. 