U i W IN MEMORIAM. ELIZA WOODS WALLIN. "let less of sorrow lires In me For days of happy commune dead; Less yearning for the friendship fled, Than some strong bond which is to be." is always painful to record the death of those we love and particularly sad when the circumstances are" harrowing. A mother in the prime of life taken from the bosom of her family seems Jamen table, yet God's ways are not as our ways and we can only bow our heads in meek submission and say,' "Thy will not mine h v.' be done O Lord," .. "And if, through patient toil; we reach the land It . tired feet with sandals loosed may rest, Where we shall clearly know and Understand, I think that weHI say, God knew the best.' " "Where Mrs. Eliza Woods Wallin, whose death occurred in this city at ten minutes past six o'clock Wednesday morning, August 3d, 1881, was the beloved wife of C. E. Wallin and only sister of Major W. W. Woods, also the neice of Counselor D. H, Wells. Mrs. Wallin died of puerperal peritonitis, one week after her confinement, and left an infant daughter which only survived the mother two days. The deceased lady was the daughter of James and Catherine Wells Woods, and was born in Burlington, Iowa, February lp, 1843, and was aged 38 years, five months and 23 days at the time of her death. Mrs. Wallin came to Utah previous to her marriage in the spring of 1872, and has resided here ever since. She was married to C. E. Wallin in October of tb same year, and has been the mother of four children, three daughters and one son. Three of them live to miss the love and attention of as kind and devoted a mother as ever lived. They are too young as yet to realize the dreadful loss they have sustained. "There is none, In all this cold and hollow world, no fount' Of deep strong deathless lore, save that within A mother's heart!" Mrs. Wallin was indeed a tender, watchful solicitous mother, a true and affectionate wife, a wise, prudent and efficient counselor to her husband. She was amiable and exemplary in character, and greatly endeared herself to her relatives and friends for the many estimable qualities of heart and mind which she possessed The lady has an aged father residing in Ham. burg, Iowa, who will be deeply affected by her sudden death. Mrs. Wallin was tenderly cared for in her last illness by her brother's wife, Mrs. W. W. Woods, assisted by other dear friends. The funeral was held in St. Mark's Church on Thursday, at four o'clock p. m., .Rev. Mr. Kirby The hymn "Nearer my God to officiating. Thee," was very Mbeautifully rendered by the choir. Mrs. V allin was buried by the side of her brother, N P. Woods, Esq., who died In this city a few years ago. On Saturday morning,: Aug. 7, the grave ofMrs. Wallin was open- ed and her infant daughter, Mabel Blanche, was placed in the tomb with her mother. There are many dear- - relatives and friends here and elsewhere who will sincerely mourn the death of the dear departed one. May heaven bless the bereaved family and especially the little ones so early deprived of a loving mother's care and tenderness. E. B. W. A GOOD MAN GONE TO REST. Died at his resdence in the 20tlr Ward, Bait Lake City, Thursday morning, August 4th, 1 SSI, at six o'clock, Elder William C. Staines, who for many years has held the important position of emigration agent for the Chorchcf J esus Christ , OMAN'f EXPONENT: ot Latter-da-y Saints. Bro. Staines has been ill for some months, but only recently confined to his bed. His sufferings were Very great, seeming to be a complication of diseases which baffled the skill of the most eminent physicians. Deceased was born on the 26th day of September, 181 8, at Hlgham Ferries, Northamptonshire, England, and had nearly attained his 63d year. "Bro. Staines has been a member of this Church ever since the days of his youth. He" first heard the gospel In his native land when he was scarcely twenty-thre- e years old and was a afterwards. He gathered with baptized year the Saints atNauvoo, In April, 1843. He passed through the trials of the eventful days which subsequently took place, and left that beautiful city with the first company of exiles in the dead of winter, in 1846. While journeying westward with the Saints, after the famous Mormon Battalion had started for Mexico, a small company was fitted out to make an efibr jjjto cross the Rocky Mountains before the winter should set in-- - Bro. Stames was one of that number. President Young afterward? deciding it would not be practicable for them to proceed the entire distance,ad vised them to winter on Grand Island, a few miles west of the Platte River. However the little company were visited by some Ponca chiefs who invited them to winter with their camp. The Ponca Indians were about to start' for theft winter hunting-groun- d and some of the brethren were invited to Join them. Bro. Staines was one of that number; he accepted the mission, for such It was, and during that, to him, memorable time, he experienced not only hardship, fatigue, sickness and privation, but most wonderful manifestations of the power of God. He arrived in this valley in September, 1847, with the: pioneer companies of families who followed the flrtt pioneers. He was sent on a mission to his native land in 1859 and had charge of the London Conference until the spring of 1863. In that year he commenced his labors in New York as agent for the emigration, which position he left to return home on account of his failing health this season. Hewa3 a man of sterling integrity, and unbounded faith in the principles of the gospel and dispensation. Hi$ the work of the latter-da- y and his pobusiness eminent ability to transact of liteness, courtesy and kindness to all classes people, his shrewdness, tact and excellent judgment are nil abundantly proven from the fact, that for the eighteen years he managed the emigration affairs, having immigrated 50,000 of any kind, people, he has had no difficulty railroad although he transacted business with men, steamship companies, and dealt with peowas held in the highple of all nations, yet he est esteem and won the respect and friendship of of manner, many thousands, by his affability his amiability and uprightness of character and g his untiring patience for the good and said in of others. Too much cannot be his praise; he was a man of fine education and a rendered him a high order of intelligence which to all pleasant and entertaining companionare thouwith whom he was associated. There sands to bless his honored name and reverently cherish his memory for his many kindly deeds ofnnostentalioua charity. He was fondly attached to home and fireside companionship, and his refloed taste was. apparent In the exquisite houses and though simple elegauco of his m grounds which he as every year improving. He was a natural borti- - and, fiorilturbt, and his home surroundings werj8t jjrer 'an aractfon to all, as well as an ornamentation to 'the city. Brother Staines had many,, warm friends who has passed sincerely mcurn bis absence, ,llut; : to endless life, and Joined th,e l08t9.cf Jhose who well-bein- ' 46 await the first resurrection many of whom be knew and loved upon the earth. We deeply sympathize with his bereaved household, and pray, that they may be comforted in their loneliness by the Holy Spirit and the assurances which the gospel impart to all who obey its precepts and endure faithful unto the end of the race. it ii "Weep not for him that dieth, For he hath ceased from tears, And a voice to his replleth Which ha hath not heard for years," The funeral of Elder' S taines was held in the Salt Lake Assembly .Hall on Friday August 5th, at three o'clock p m., wbenPres. Joseph F. Smith preached an eloquent and consoling funeral discourse. The magnificent walnut coffin was delicately decorated with lovely flowers, of which the deceased was. euch an appreciative admirer, and a star and crescent ingeniously woven of the choicest white flowers adorned the centre of the casket. Hundreds of people in carriages followed the remains of Br. Staines to the cemetery. Though absent he will not be forgotten, but the remembrance of his generous deeds and no ble life will live forever in the hearts of those who knew and loved him. E. B. W. , SARAH SHIPLEY. "Whom the gods lover die young.' Died in Brighton, of heart disease, at the 1 re- sidence of Major Stephen B. Rose, at a. m., August 5, Sarah Shipley, aged 22 years, throe months and two days. Deceased was the daughter of Joseph and Elizabeth ShJpJeyj well known In this Territory, and was born at American Fork, Utah Col, May 3d, 1859 was baptized when eight years old, and about a year, ago received h?r endowments in the Houjse of the Lord. She Was a girl of great faith and estimable in character, gentle,, affable and., kind; she won all hearts, and waa nerer known ' to have a single enemy. She was a wise and , able counselor in her. father's family and could always comprehend well, the' condition of affairs, and judge corrrectly. In her last illness she called for the Elders, and was often administered to. She called allherfatberefamiJy around her previous to her departure, which she knew to; be imminent, and gave them each advice and counsel, beseeching them to continue faithful to the gospel, and keep the Spirit of the Lord. She had no fear of death, but the utmost confidence in her Heavenly Father's love. Her remains were taken f to American Fork on Saturday, the Cth inst., and on Sunday the funeral Services were held in the meeting house in that city Bishop Harrington' and Elder Whittaker werfr the speakers; Hiss Shipley was buried by the side of her little sister-Eliz- a In the American Fork graveyard. 0 We deeply sympathize with the sorrowing family,7 while we are assured that with Sarah all is well: ' six-o'cloc- : E. B. W. A REMINISCENCE. WINTER QUARTERS Shortly after the settlement at Yinter Quarters, I do not remember the date, Hying next to the Historian's Office, I had the privilege of seeing a copy of a vision, PresidentToung had at that time and being. permitted to tak$jtems from it, I copied what I felt 5FQnJ& be aeom-for- t anq enefit to .xnepn my. long journeying about to teke .place, fox. J was about to t visif .England my natf ye Jand,wUh, rny,fcushancl who , . -- , was goingi upon a mission, antL rnetliirig to say to the people J fefyj? pfded vl giyVitf herq 