WOMAN'S KAfUJNJJiH x. 110 very impressive manner. Sister Helen M. Whitney spoke of her experience in the past, her, desire to be useful, thes, testimonies she had received, her earJytiach-ingetc. The congregation tang 'The Spirit of God." etc Benediction by Mrs.' E B. Wells. A J. Cbocheron, Sec'y. 1 .if The meeting November 19 at the same place was also well attended. Reports of Y. L. M. I. A. were read from the I8th, 3d, Uth and 19th Wards: P. A. from the 10th and 18th Wards. President Hpriw made the opening speech; commenced by giving a brief sketch of her recent visit to Wasatch Slake In company with Bi9ter E. Howardknd related some incidents that transpired du?uitf their visits from place to V f , U. .., place. 8Ister Eliza R. 8. Smith spoke of her Joui ney . . .: . -- through ih Southern settlements, of ttie prosperity of the faints: and the good condition of tbe organizations. She had visited ' Payson. Spanish Fork and Santaqufn; at each of these three meetings were hjeld. At Goshen two meetings, at HpHngvlltend at Frovo inree, ana after the other sisters returned she visited - the fifth Ward, Provo company with feter Smoot. In all her labors she had ben blest, and everywhere had found precious, good! sifters. In ekwing her remarks Bister Eliza blest the congregation In the name of the Lord. ' Sister Ellen C. Gwson 'gave a brief account of her trip to St. George, in company with Prest. Taylor and party, and a beautiful deswript ion of the Temple, and testified, as all do who visit it, of the peaceful, heavenly influence that pervades -fa, . that holy place. Sister Jiancy A. Clark, President of Y. L. M. I.A.Davis Stake, occupied a few moments In speaking earnestly of the necessity ef earning an exaltation, and other relative subjects. " Sister Mary Davis made a few good remarks. Then followed reading of the minutes of a special meeting of the officers of Y. L. M. I. A. of Salt Lake City, held Nov. 12, at the residence of Mrs, B.W. Smith. Sang '.'Lord dismiss us." Benediction by Mrs. E. 8. Taylor. E. S. Taylor, Sec'y pro. Tcm. , Tha ladW meeting in the 14th Ward Assembly Iloomn, Saturday, Deo. 3, was a very interesting one. Minutes were read from Y. Ii. M.I. A. and P. A. of several wards, followed by interesting and instructive speeches from Sisters Louie Felt,' E. B. Taylor, E. Howard, J. Howe, E. C. S. Clawson, M. Steele and M. 1. Home. These meetlngi are a great bene-f- t to the several organizations, for here expression Is given to the best thoughts of the speakers in the most Intelligent and able manner. that are calcuSubjects are lucidly treated-upolated to promote the growth of the institutions organized for the higher education of woman. saml-month- ly n WAJ3ATCH. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Wasatch Stake convened in Heber City Hall, Nov. 11, 1881. Present on the stand were President Emma Brown and her second Counselor, Mary Daybell, Presidents of the Heber Ward Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations; also Prest Hatch, Bishop Murdock, Patriarch Hicken and other brethren. We also had the great plea-rar- e of having Sisters M. I. Home and E. Howard to visit and talk to us dnring our Conference. After the usual opening exercises, minutes of the last Conference were read and accepted, also the reports of the various Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations, which were very favorable. The several presidents of branch societies gave verbal reports, which were fery encouraging. Korne S s me excellent counsel, baid the Bisters should attend their meetings, it u their duty; they should be faithful in teachtheir children the ing principles of truth, which, if adhered to, will make them honorable members mthe Church and Kingdom of 8eJ.hat our children are at home Bights, not roaming about the streets learning things not calculated to improve their minds Made many other suggestions intended to leave a good impression, fleeting adjourned until two o clock p.m. FROM THE SANDWICH Praver by t AAmAn cocainn SincinC. Bro. McGee. Singing. Verbal reports were At the woolen factory In Sanpete County. sisters in a the cloee of her address she blessed - then given by the several presidents of the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Assoiations. Sister Howard gave some good counsel; said we should always read good books, and pray to our Father that we may always have His Spirit to be with us to guide us in every action of our lives. Exhorted the sisters to educate their children in obedience and virtue, to read all good books, and entreated them not to send them to sectarian schools. Thought that mothers should encourage their sons when called upon missioHS, to be willing to respond. Spoke on plural , marriage; said it was a right and true principle, and was revealed for the improvement, refinement and salvation of the human family. Told the sisters they should all be united in their faith and work together for the building up of the Kingdom of God, and not follow too much after the fashions of the world. Bister Home instructed the sisters to store up grain for the time of need. Said the Lord has blessed us thus far, and if we try to do right He will continue to bless us. Exhorted the mothers to train their children in the fear of God, and be punctual in sending them to the Primary Associations. Prest. Emma Brown then thanked the sisters for coming to visit us. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah. Benediction by Prest. Hatch. i I Mary Bkonson, Sec'y. Avis M. Broncon, Asst. Sec'y. Mantt Primary Fair. m, and her Counselors. To begin and describe all that was exhibited would be impossible, as the sight was so grand. The first that drew eur attention was a fine ex- hibit of pastry, made by girls belonging to the Association; in the midst of which was a stuffed fox, owned by Brother Wm. A. Cox. There was a nice web of cloth, spun by a girl aged twelve years, and woven by another aged fourteen years; a grand display of mottoes, worked by girls of both Associations; a hood and muff, made by a girl aged fourteen, were much admired; there was a good show of rugs and quilts, and many other useful articles; one quilt was donated to the Temple. The boys were not behind, either; potatoes, corn, beets, squash and fruits were in abundance; a covered footstool, garden rakes, a door, hatchet, and several other like things, were made by boys from eight to fourteen years of age. Sister Weibye exhibited some cocoons, which shows that the sisters are working at the silk industry. The most of the articles exhibited were useful, although the ornamental showed well too. . The general feeling expressed by the older fo ks toward the Fair was good. The little loiks ot the Association are happy to say it was we patronized, as we were able to donate ten dollars to help build the Tabernacle; the st being divided between the two Associations. Geoe(ie Scott. Isabella Beecher Hooker Koloa Kauai, Nov. 14, 1881. I , left Laie two weeks last Friday and came to Honolulu with the other brethren aid about one hundred of the natives; besides there were about forty went by steamer. We left Laie at 6:30 o'clock, and rode over to Kahana for breakfast, according to previous arrangement, arriving there at 8 o'clock, and after partaking of the fat things of Kahana, we rode on to Hakipuu; got there at 10, where we were invited in again, but not knowing of this before, rode onto Kaneohe for dinner. There we had the best native meal that I ever partook of; it was mostly Haule food, pies, cake,, chicken and the like. The natives had their dinner out in a bowery that had been built for the occasion. After dinner we resumed our journey, arriving at Honolulu about three o'clock--, We all rode into Honolulu in double file, JPrest. H. H. Guff and our brethren leading. It was quite a show. The next day our Conference began. After our afternoon meeting was. out we all went down town, and while there the steamer was signalled. If the town was ever in a bustle it was then, for" the King of the IsYands was on the steamer, and arrangements hadbeen made to form in procession and escort him to the palace. They were not expecting him until Monday, and had not got everything arranged as they wanted it; but we all gathered as quickly as possible and formed in procession, and as he passed up the street we all fell into line and marched up to the palace. , Sunday we resumed our (inference again, and on Monday they had the jfbrmer procession over, as the other was arranged in such a hurry that the committee was .not . satisfied. We arranged again according to . programme, and passed by the doors of the . palace, and gave three cheers for King Kalakaua. Our banner was the Eastern and Western hemispheres, with the inscription, "Welcome home, our beloved David, King, Qrcumnayigator Laie Colony." This was. the large one. The next was a beehive with native inscription upon it. The Relief Society had a banner also, giving the object of the institution.! Our,; people turned out well, and we made a good, showing. In the evening there was a torchlight proces: sion by the fire brigade. It was grand, reach-in- g three blocks. Every one r:hid 'a rch .ln his hand, and the engines were, all deaxrated with lights. There are different nations in the fire company; the whites had one, the natives . ., , Our Fair was held in the Meeting House on Wednesday and Thursday, October 26 and 27. At ten o'clock on Wednesday morning the following brethren made some remarks: Brothers Brown, Kenner and Warehara. Sister Ware-haPresident of the Relief Society, also snoke a short time. Pres't. John Maiben was also present After which the Fair was declared open by Sister Phoebe Maiben. There were present at the opening, the Presidents of both Primary Associations and their Counselors, also Stake President P. A., Phoebe Maiben, discussions of the Social wh.ch convene,! at Saratoga in ISLAND. took part in the ScptmSIT ' one, and the Chinamen one. Therfc were .flags all over the streets, through which! the, proces1 sion passed, and a number of fine, arches, reaching from one side of the street to the other were decorated in the finest style with flags, ferns and boughs of different kind The Chinamen had a very fine arch; it was on a ; : corner, and started from each of the four corners of the blocks. It was nicely arranged with , gaily colored prints of. every, description, and wreaths of flowers, ferns and .shrubs, and a great many Chinese lanterns all over it, and a very large one that revolved, in the centre, which cost $150; on each side of it was hung the picture of His Majesty, about, 13x16, and mottoes of greeting on every side. ,. Farther up the street was another, not, fib' gay and showy, but neat and grand. It represented the different countries the King had visited, and a large ship on the ocean on one side of it and the cars on the other. His soldiers made a grand military display, also the brass bands; the musicians play as well as any I ever heard, that is the old band this was the first appearance of the younger band before the public. They are all boys that would never go to school, so they were made musicians of. The laws are quite strict in regard to attending schools in this country, but are not so particular whether the children learn or not; but the 