ir v Jii ajn ITT vv the but 1 13 1 t C 1 .. UJgllJy spuKeu ui A MA ilv AftA yvuv mo iuwd V .y Miss Ada is excellent capabili young, and possesses many She ties which would attract an audience. ue ability, and we have no doubt will be has considered competent judges. determination. Quo cannot win fame profession without these requisite. and anv In was the anniversary of the birthday of Mrs. Ellis R. Shipp, M. D. Over forty of her friends called upon her in the form of a surprise party, at her residence in the 11th Ward. After partaking of the bountiful repast served to all, the ladies' attention was called to a sort of literary entertainment. Br. Ellen B. Ferguson read a poem composed ex. Chroche-ron- , preasly for the occasion by Mrs. A. J. and presented Mrs. Shipp, in the name of a few friends, with an elegant gold ring, on which was engraven her name and Y. L. A. This was followed by an original poem, Mrs. M. A. Freeze; impromptu addresses, Mrs. E. B. Wells and Ro mania B. Pratt, M. D.; original article, Lillle Freeze; recitation, "Jennie Mc'NeaPs Ride Alice Freeze; and other similar exercises. A happy spirit was manifested throughout all the varied entertainment of the evening. Dr. Shipp was warmly congratulated by her many ardent and friends. Thursday, Jan. 20, -- true-hearte- Address Impromptu address Miss Belle Clayton. Remarks were then made suited to the occasion by Mrs. E. S. Taylor, M. A. Freeze, Marinda Hyde, M. I Home, Julia Howe, E. B. Wells, Louie Felt, r Miss. Minnie Felt and Nanie Leavitt, and Mrs. S. M. Hey-wooSinging, "The Spirit of God." Prayer After the meetiby Sister Catharine Horrocks. ng was dismissed, the ladie3 all sat down to a delicious repast, which, with the conversation and association together, was calculated to refresh and invigorate body and soul. An hour or two was passed in friendly interchange of ideas and opinions, and the guests and members dispersed, feeling it had been a good time indeed. Miss Mamie Alford Mrs. Hannah T. King. by solo. recitation. d. On Thursday, Jan. 20, we attended the annual Y. L. M. I. A. A meeting of the was sumptuous dinner given at 12 m., rit the residence of the President, Mrs. Mary Pierce. 10th WTard After partaking, the ladies repaired to the meeti- ng house, and services commenced by singing the Mountain of the Lord." Prayer by S. E. Taylor. Sung, "O my Father, thou that dwelle3i." Minutes read and accepted. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze made the opening speech, Mrs. Louie Felt was the next speaker, then Mrs. E. 8. Taylor and Miss Mattle Home. Mrs. M. I. Home, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs. H. T. King and Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall made some remarks. The sisters expressing an earnest wish to hear from the young ladies, the following responded in short and spirited speeches: Ella Rogers, Jennie Pyper, Annie Chandler, Harriet Earl, Eliza Hansen, Martha Pierce, Agnes Harvey, M. Edmonds and Belle Clayton, also Mrs. Cheshire. Mrs. Pierce expressed her pleasure in having so any of the most intelligent sisters present, ho were able to give instruction. Meeting adjourned. Song, "The Spirit of God," Ac. pyer by Mrs. M. A. Freeze. Mrs. -- - o EXPONENT. Bishop Jacob Weiler and - wife, of the Third Ward in this city, recently paid a visit to their friends in the East. They left Salt Lake Sept. 11, 1S80, and went first to Hutchinson, Kansas where the Bishop's brother resides. They also visited portion of Iowa, Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania, traveling extensively in the last two States. Everywhere the people were anxious to converse with them about the resources of Utah and tho peculiarities of the "Mormon" people, but few cared to hear the principles of Mrs. Weiler conversed with many religion. women of superior education and culture upon )he principle of plural marriage, and its adaptation to p.actieal life. Brother and Sister Weiler found in many instances that all the information the people had concerning the "Mormons" had been gathered from, books written against us. Ann Eliza's, Mrs. Stenhouse's and Riddle's Book3 were pretty widely circulated. Thought some pamphlets would be useful to distribute in those places, Mrs. Weiler believes much good could be done among an intelligent class of people by our sisters, for they seem eager to listen to women on these subjects when men would have no iuflueace; in fact they would not hear them. Mr. and Mrs. Weiler returned on the 13th of December. d An anniversary meeting of the 17th Ward Y. L. M. I. A. was held, and entertainment given, at tbe residence of Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, on Tuesday, Jan. 18. Opened by singing, "Let Zion in her beauty rise;" prayer by Pres. H. T. King. Annual report was read by the Secretary, followed by a song by Miss Minnie Felt, "Call and Answer." Mrs Nanie Leavitt . essay on the "Creation of Man." Miss Louie Ellerbeck piano "Behold a "V AN ADDRESS. and though rino in vrvirs find ti&ofnl she live yet many years to bless and be blessed. And may we, the members of the Relief Society and Young Ladies' Association, imitate the example of this good and true woman, and strive to learn the lalor-s yt thoe-who have bra veil persecution, confronted evil, served Jo lg and faithfully in righteousness and nave proved themselves noble, men and women -- of. God. 1 ma0p co-labor- er - -- d due! Thereforewe,theLatter-dayBaintwome- n to do homage to her, on of Weber Stake, desire of her natal day. She is this, the anniversary works are housedear to us all. Her intellectual The young, for whose welfare hold irZovement she has labored with such theyfaU to hless her name.. She has truly det dtowThtf Su yet e,if apprec" works, and through her for good has wrought out an influence die. Sheha Ureaion and well; never - Brown. .... Died: at Mt. Pleasant Sanpete County Dec. 9th, 1SS0, Mary Tholman Winkler, of dropsy after a lingering illness of 3 months, which she bore with patient resignation, her faith in the Priesthood being firm and unshaken to the last. Sister Winkler was a member of the visiting committee of our Relief Society, and filled that office with honor and dignity like a true Saint which she was. She was a native of Switzerland, born in Zell, Co., of Zurich, aged 40 years. Sister Winkler was the mother of 9 children, 4 of which are gone before, and five are left with her sorrowing husband, to mourn her early depaiture; as also a large circle of f riendswhodeeply sympathize with her bereaved family and relatives. M. F. C. Morrison. CORRESPONDENCE. From the Ogden Junction.) We have met this evening, not only to mingle in friendly and social converse, in dancing and feasting, but also to commemorate the birthday of our dear . sister, Eliza R. Snow Smith, who is at present in Southern Utah, and who, in conseto quence of her prolonged visit there, is unable rebe with us on this occasion. We sincerely gret her absence, knowing, as we do, that her, presence would add immeasurably to the plea-sure of this evening's entertainment. We deem it not inappropriate at this time to express, hum-5bl- y and briefly, the heartfelt love, esteem and respect that we cherish towards her as a sister, in the Kingdom of God. friend and We appreciate her labors, though it may be imFather for perfectly, and thank our Heavenly of so noble and useful a woman in fho V1J V hissino2 t Man v. if not all. who are here tc- Eliza's untiring night are acquainted with Sister establish the and efforts in assisting to . ..organize I IT various Relief Societies ana improvement associations in this Stake of Zion. We have seen her brave the winds and storms of winter, and the heat and dust of summer, that we might be benefited. We have listened to her faithful testimonies, her wise counsels and instructions, our hearts and our minds have been enlightened, have cheered, and with renewed courage .we in the path of duty. Through pressed-forwara weak her great faith and power to bless, many to and suffering sister has been made rejoice. and Then why should we not love, respect time devoted her honor her? To one who has who has and talents to the cause of truth, is an for the Gospel's sake, sure y honor C. OBITUARY. Written upon the occasion of Sister E. 7?, Snow Smith's birthday, recently celebrated in this city. Beloved Brethren and Sisters: Haiti i: Ogden, January 21, SSI. Dear Aunt Em. Mesa, Jan. 3rd, 1831: My health is not very good but I enjoy my Arizona home very much, I would not exchange it for one in Salt Lake if I could, although I would like to see you all. We have the most beautiful climate the heat is at first an objection but one soon gets accustomed to it, and it is rather more agreeable than otherwise. AVe are having reinforcements from the North almost daily now; (his is the, emigration season for this country on account of having Deserts to crass. Bro. David Kimball cays Mesa is destined to be the second city of Arizona,it certainly is growing rapidly. We are thirty miles from the Southern Pacific Rail Road, five days and a half from Saty Lake. I live in hopes of seeing my Salt Lake friends here to spend our delightful winters. Zulie has just returned from Phoenix our county seat where she went to pass her examination as a teacher, she got a first class diploma and will soon open school at Joneaville. We have excellent laws regarding schools in this territory. We have enrolled G4 children on our school record. It has been estimated that we of Mesa receive almost as much school , money from the county as the tax on our property. We haveida just finished and another good school-hous- e already being talked of.not got thejr small grain Everybody that has sown is hurrying to get it in, there is already five and six hundred acres in, and grownow it has the advantage ing nicely. If planted of ripening before the weather gets too warm need so for harvesters, and besides it does notbe time will much irrigation; tnen also there harvested. is wheat for other crops when the vine There are quite a number of orchards and this well; Pce yards started which areto doing We had vineculture. ieems adapted specially last year as several hundred pounds of grapes . ,l did others. to all Kind regards pairing be-twee- gg A BIRTHDAY PARTY. few of the members Tuesday, Dec. 28, 188 a met at of the Relief Society ofEast Bountiful the E. Barlow, it being beloved 69tl anSversary of the birth of our sisters brought with sister and President. The The afternoon passed and presents. were made, bear-?- n agreeably; a few remarks tesOmonV to SSyf Sthfi her faithrohiess m her official for good, and using her influenceduties. After in dtecharging her jrer n 