WOMAN'S 108 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EtmELIX E B. Editor. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: One copy one year, $3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil epace, one time, $3.50: per month, $3. 00. ' A liberal discount to semi-monthl- y, regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower "West Room of the Council nonse, South Temple Street. Business hours from 30 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womak's Kxpomnrr, Salt Lake City Utah. salt lake city, December is, mi. EX PON E N T instances Judgment is formed upon the first hearis rejected. But ing, and all other testimony stringent measures such as are being ,talked of, the breaking up of family relations which now exist, etc., will not only result in increased perand complexity and compound multiplication which is too plication of the difficult problem, abstruse for the solution of it by those who only deal with it from an outward view. But at Christmas time this an unpleasant topic, especially for the young. All disagreeable feeling should be laid aside, and whatever the future may have in store, the present teems with as tb e plenty, and in the midst of such prosperity Saints have been blest with the past season, peace and happiness should be in every heart, at least Let that during the Christmas holidays. Christian charity which is merciful and tender extend towards all mankind. It should be a time of reconciliation and forgiveness; if any have unkindness in their hearts let them banish It, and cherish only those feelings which elevate and purify and ennoble the human soul. This has been a season of unusual although there has been some sickness; yet taking it all in all there has teen much to rejoice over and to be abundantly grateful for, and surrounded as this people are with blessings, they should not forget to praise Him from whom all blessings flow, and to remember the poor, that blessings may be multiplied in future. long-sufferin- PEACE AND GOOD WILL. "reave and good will towards all men," At this eeapon of the year, whesi Christmas is just at hand, one is forcibly reminded of the message the angel brought at the birth of the Savior, whose advent is commemorated on this auspicious day. How happy all might be if these precious words were only practically echoed in the daily lives of those who profess Christianity All the heartaches, scenes of sorrow and suffer 1 ing would be more or less modified and soothed, were mankind to follow the suggestion made by the angel "peace and good will towards ail men." Let 1he reader reflecthow is it with those who aim to be the followers of the meek and IqwJy One borri In Bethlehem of Judea? The Chief Executive of the nation has just Issued his salutatory message. He touched upon all the great national questious fairly perhaps, Imt upon Utah and the Mormons he speaks emphatically, as determined to carry out measures calculated to uproot the system Mormons have established. He is mistaken in his views of the matter, like many of his predecessors In office however, we shall see whether Congress will aid the people in promoting peace and good govern--inein the Territory, or introduce strife and Peace is the motto of the true anarchy. Gospel banner introduced by the birth of Jesus. There has been misery and wretchedness enough, the result of wars and contentions; and by all possible means, the moat powerful potentate of a free nition should seek to bind the people together under a banner of peace, instead of sowing the seeds of injustice and oppression. Those who peril their lives, their all, to settle new lands and increase the wealth and power of any nation are usually fostered by that government in whose Interest these risks are incurred; but for Utah, the desert reclaimed from sterility by the Mormon exiles, there Is no encourage, ment, or eymyathy with the people, who have proven their loyalty to the Constitution again and again. But now, of all times, when attempts are being made to take from this people every right and privilege dear to American hearts, how magnanimous to have the sublime courage to say, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what l hey do." , Looking from a natural standpoint, one would from bills the think, being introduced into Congress and the various gold and crimson petitions offered for the enforcement of severe measures towards this people, that the Mormons ought to fear and tremble; yet we see no manifestations of this kind whatever. The lcoplo lrutin that Cod whom they am trying to eerve, and they have steadfast faith Ju His re ems It promises. etrange that all the wicked misrepresentations made by the opponents of the Mormon faith should be so readily believed by men who pride themselves upon statesman, ship. There Is always two sides to every question, and both should be heard; kit in too many nt anti-polygam- y g, pros-perit- EDITORIAL y, NOTES. On Wednesday, Nov. 30, Mrs. M. I. Home and Louie Felt visited North Jordan and met with the Primary Association. The programme was rendered in a very creditable manner. "Our Boarding House" at the Theatre re- cently by the Home Dramatic Club was a complete success in all respects. The piece is a very humorous one, and the acting was well done, or perhaps some parts were over.done; yet it was extremely amusing. Those who are fond of high comedy should by all means see "Our Boarding House" performed. We had the pleasure of attending the Sisters, Conference of Tooele Stake, Dec. 10, 11 and 12" in company with Prest. Eliza R. S. Smith. Prest. H. J. Grant, Apostle F. M. Lyman and Mrs. Rachel R. Grant were present, and many excellent speeches were made and much good instruction given by the brethren and sisters. An account of the Conference in detail will be published In our next issue. We are very much afraid that Prest. Arthur is treading on dangerous ground when he takes away such offices from women as have been granted to thera heretofore. The leaders of the Woman Suffrage party will not silently submit to any such indignity, and in the coming convention to be held in Washington January next he will in all probability hear from them emphatically. In fact he has very likely got into ' or very near to a hornets neat. Christmas is coming, as all the shop windows testify. There has never been tuch an elab-at- e display here of fancy goods, books, toys and all sorts of articles suitable for Santa CJaua in his annual round as there is this season. Surely all the little folks are going to be gladdened on tnat glad day, and husbands, wives, fathers, mother, uncles, grand-parent- s, , PLEASANT GATHERING. Some of the most intimate friends of Mrs. M. met- at her residence on the eve. ti Isabella Home ningof Nov. 18, by. invitatitn of her daughters, who had ingeniously prepared this little surprise for their mother, during her absence on a tour through Wasatch Co. The party was in honor of the anniversary of the lady's birth, and had been carefully arranged, the guests convening while he was purposely detained away on some pretext. The girls had provided an elaborate and delicious dinner, to which the guests did ample Justice. Among those who participated in the enjoyments of the evening were Hon. George Q. Cannon and wife, Hon. D. H. Wells and wift, Hon. R. T. Burton and wife, George H. Taylor, Eeq., and wife, Sisters Eliza R. S. Smith, 8. M. Kimbalr, Marinda N. Hyde, E. Howard, B. W. Smith, Jane Richardson, E. Hales, S. J. Spencer and others beside the family. The time was spent in social conversation, and musfc and singing by tome good sons and of the family was ad. the daughters mirably tendered, which was very enjoyable to all. Towards the close of the evening, President Cannon responded to a request of Mrs. Home's in a short speech, expressing the kind feelings he entertained for the family, and referring to the many agreeable associations of the past in that house. Spoke of the sweet Interchange of feeling which existed among the Saints, and his appreciation of such enjoyments. One after an other followed in a few words of congratulation and good wishes, all' expressing the kindliest feelings for Brother and Sister Home and their amiable family. We add our congratulations to those of her "dear five hundred friends," and trust that her useful life may be prolonged, and that she may yet reap an abundant harvest in return for the good seed she has sown in Zion, and that not only shall her husband praise her, and her children rise up and call her blessed, but thousands of others who are familiar with her good works and labor among the people. old-fashion- Aunt syne." We call the attention of our readers to the advertisement of Bro. Hemars Bible Almanac for 1 It is an uniquo little work, and Is intended Ear. LITTLE EDITH. brothers, sisters, aunts, and relatives generally, as also other friends, will certainly receive a call this year th at will make them remember "auld lane cut-i- ns to do good by calling to notice, in a, silent way, a passage of Scripture on each day in the year, and by this means creating a desire in the mind to search the book of all books, the Bible. There are several subjects ably treated upon in this little work, and it. recommends itself well to those who would be daily reminded of living acceptable lives. On Sunday, Dec. 4, jn company with Sister Eliza R. S. Smith, we visited a South Jordan Ward, where we met with the Primary Associa-ciatio- n at 10 a. m., Mrs. N. J. Oliver presiding. The exercises were well rendered, the children's singing very good, and a marked improvement was manifest. After the Sacrament services in the afternoon, Bishop Wm. Bills announced that the meeting would be in the hands of the sisters. Mrs. Ann Holt, President of the Relief Society of the ward, then made a' few introductory remarks, and Sisters Smith and Wells each addressed the congregation for a short time. Bishop Bills expressed his great pleasure In the day's proceedings; felt blest wittr the teachiugg given by the. sisters. Died on the San Juan River, New Mexico, Nov. 8, 1881, of inflammation of the brain and throat disease, Edith, daughter of Luther C. and Mary Stewart Burnbam. Little Edith was born in St. John's, Arizona, Oct. 3l 1880. Com. : .. - , . "Death laya on her, like an untimely frost Upon the fairest flower of all the field.": . . 