n f t V. f i 1. f a W01AFS EXFONEST j t The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1,1881. 10. MRS. GARFIELD. Noble, honored, yet afflicted I As this morn I bow the knee, From my heart unto our Father, Flows a pleading prayer for thee. 11 Though a nation sorrows with thee, Thousands all to thee unknown; None can share thy secret burdens, ! Thy great loss is thine alone Ne'er were faith and courage needed More by man than by thee now; Not e'en by the fallen chieftain Over whom yon weeping bow. Only He who " feeds the ravens " Can bestow that peace and rest, Which may soothe the deep emotions Of a soulike thine oppressed. m Surely, surely He will aid thee Ail thy griefs to bravely bear; Little children, pure as angels, Lisp y thy name in prayer. Every wife and every mother, Bowing at the sacred shrine, With a sister's tender yearnings,: Feels her own heart bleedrith thine! to-da- Salt Lake City, Sept. 20, 1881'. MAKE HOME BEAUTIFUL. The young ladies of have many more advantages and opportunities for cultivating those little artistic talents which so beautify and embellish the home, than did our parents. There are now teachers in every branch of art, J and materials to work with. Among the most delicate and beautiful branches of art may be classed hand embroidery. All sorts of beautiful flowers, birds and unique designs can be made with the needle and silk on curtains, lambrequins, table and chair covers, &c. Nothing can make a prettier present than some little embroidered scarf, handkerchief or nick-nacwith the words: is "It not much, but I worked it myself;" and you will find it highly appreciated. Among the wealthy the drapery of rooms i3 all embroidered in beautiful colors, and at present this class of work is quite fashionable as well as beautiful. Ladies are also taka ing great deal to drawing and painting, in both water colors and oil, and here in this country, where the landscapes all around are most lovely and charming, one would have abundant advantage and encouragement for the art. How exceedingly delightful it would be, when out on a May-walor summer picnic, to be able to sit down and sketch the scene you visited, and returning home finish it up in the e colors for your portfolio, as a remembrance of the pleasant day. Music is not less attractive aud fascinating because it is mentioned among the last, but, on the contrary, it seems to me it must be the most delightful of all the arts. How happy it must make one feel to be able to bring pleasure and joyouaneas through the medium of the how and thankful voice, that one to be to his Creator; that he has such ought a gift. Yet this talent, as well as the others, needs cultivating. The voice may be beautiful and clear, out cultivation gives it a finish that renders a naturally good voice capable of the most enC: chanting sounds. Elocution is a talent that until lately has to-d- ay k, now-a-da- ys k, life-lik- i "T i i I 1 -- been neglected here, and there are many who might make very good readers. It is indeed a gift for one to be able to bring out the true meaning, strong force and deep pathos of a beautiful poem, and it is a delightful pastime ibr o.ieself, as well as pleasing to one's friends, to be able to read well and understandingly. Tis a pity that this talent has not been cultivated to a greater extent among our young people, for the study is in itself most beautiful and fascinating. My dear reader, would you like to visit a friend with me and see her lovely little home? Here it is; and the eye seems rested as we enter and gaze at the pretty things around. My friend, always busy, must keep us waiting a little while for her coming, so we will amuse ourselves by glimpsing around at the little para lor. First, here is the neat, elegant little piece of furniture of ebony and glass, and completely filled with a miscellaneous gathering of books, all the poets of course, a few nice novels, such as Charlotte Hronte might write, some fine histories, the best essays, perhaps Macaulay's, Johnson's, Emerson's; beautiful little books on art, travels and writers, and all those treasures of the pen that a fine nature would wish to possess. In the window is a flower stand, filled with the most delicate and rare flowers, and mdst of them in bloom; the ivy creeps around the wires of the stand and up higher, till it reaches the curtains and forms a verdant wreath for the window casement. In another nook rests a guitar; oh, No, 9. DISPOSITION. Is there anything so beautiful as a lovely disposition. In my mind, there is no way in to-da- y, , book-case-r- the world in which one can do more good, and surely nothing that can make all around us so happy, as to be always kind and pleasant. It is nonsense for any person to say that he does not know when he has done a good act; for our Father has made our bodies so sensitive that we, as well as the one cheered, always feel the good influence. When we see we have made some one happier, that perhaps by one little word we have raised a fellow being and kindled the fire of ambition within him; if we see a face grow brighter for a kind word from us, do we not feel it all through our frame? , We feel, oh! so happy, hardly knowing the reason, why. How many times have we heard people say, "If I could pnly do some good in the world;" "If I only had something to 'give," and the poorest of us can give kind words and pleasant looks, and these are oftentimes needed more than the filling of the purse. What if we do sometimes feel tired, feel that everything has gone wrong, then is the very time when we should try to be and in that way off the depressing spirit. throw The best way in the world to overcome this feeling is to comfort others and try. to feel that we are doing some good to those around us. If it is only to make some sweet little friend feel that she is not alone in the world, and that she has some one who knows and can sympathize with her, .Many aching hearts have been soothed by confiding their troubles to some dear friend, who could feel deeply and realize their sorrow. Did ever any one go away from such a friend without saying, I feel that a weight has been lifted from off my heart, and that , I have parted with half my sorrow. We can soon cheer those who are sad and lonely, if we go the right way to work, commencing by a little sympathy and then gradually turning the thoughts into a brighter channel. I dare say after a while they will not think it was so bad after all. Who can help admiring a person of this" kind? Not one of us. If they are pure in their motives we love them as soon as they are known to us. How beautiful it is to always be able to light up the faces of our friends and make them happier by our presence; to be able to look cn the bright side of the picture and cause smiles to beam where there were tears beforeto show the sorrowed one the silver lining to the cloud. There is no , higher aim than to cultivate a good disposition, and nothing more praiseworthy than one, When thus cultivated. God loves to see lis cheerful and happy, and we can never be really happy unless we cultivate a sweet disposition. By doing this we can not onlv be so ourselves, but impart joy and. love to the hearts of all thoBe with whom we come in contact. good-nature- how we love the sweet strains that issue forth , from this little instrument! sometimes one might almost think it had a soul, so touching d, . are the sounds. Further on, in tbe corner, there is the piano, open of course, for in this home it is for use, not show, and our friend plays so beautifully; don't Xhink she is a master, but her music is quite thrilling, and her selections are so sweet and pretty; simple it is true, but, nevertheless, they are the kind that touch the heart. And here, what is this? An easel? Yes; and on it an unfinished picture; nothing much,only a cluster of pure calia lillies, yet how lovely and natural. The chairs are all covered with fine embroidery, and little trinkets adorn the shelf and tables that this fair hand has made. But here, most beautiful of all, comes our friend. It is needless to describe her, the room has done so already. We were sure of what our greeting would be the moment we entered, for no home could possibly have other than the sweetest of women to care for it. Yet, don't chink for one moment that this dear little woman, who cultivates all these pretty, artistic talents, knows nothing of the dire necessaries of life; oh, no, she i3 a capital housekeeper, her bread, cake, preserves, pies, &c, are the nicest you ever tasted, and I would like to have you test them, but there is no time now, for we have already stayed too long in this enchanted spot, and the shadows of night K Beatrice. are gathering, and as the stars peep forth from J their hiding places and the flowers hold forth " their leaves for the sparkling dew, I bid you Queen Victoria does not approve of carpets, has India matting placed on the floors of and good-nigh- t, with the hope that you will cultivate these lovelv things, that more homes may nearly all her private apartments. compare with the one just left. The Ole Bull memorial fund concert at Annie. Bergen, Norway, .jtml a .greatleucoeaaLr JIrt, Bull (a Wisconsin woman) and family were If every person would be half as good as he present, and Miss E mnia' Thursby was the ' his to what heaven a this be, expects neighbor principal star of the occasion, receipt ... world would be. Luther Norris. Wtl $10,000. ... ,, ; ' , t : ; i lie I I t ' 