WO MAN'S- EX PO N E NT. BENJAMIN DISRAELI. During his illness several letters were written to him by children, hoping "his Lordship would soon.be better." Such were the best tributes that could wbe paid to any one. It is not by what Strangers, say, or what thev think, that character can be tested, it is the home circle; and there this most remarkable man was BY HANNAH T. KINO. names aro rendered mighty by good dceda are Titles dropt as husks that bore tbo feeds; The name alone Is oil that need be traced, By that the marble is In beauty graced And that alone an Epitaph will form, For him, not one, but many nations mourn. WLeW On the entrance of Disraeli into Parliatment, Mr. Wyndham Lewes was his colleague, both being Commoners; from that time a close friendship sprang up between them, and continued till the death of Mr. Lewes; I think I am right in paying that Disraeli was one of the executors of his will. He had been an efficient servant of the State, and through the suggestions and influence of Disraeli, the title of Viscountess Beaconsfield, in her own right, was conferred on his widow; years after, she became the wife of Disraeli. The Queen had desired for some time to raise him to the peerage, but' he had always firmly but respectfully declined the honor; but on his marriage her wishes became commands and he then was invested with the title of Earl of Beaconsfield, and after his return from signing the treaty of Berlin, Her Majesty conferred on him the Order of the Garter, which is the highest honor of the English crown. "Honor to whom honor is due" is the Scriptural injunction, and we feel gratified that it was largely bestowed on one who, step by step, and by an indomitable will and a g judgment, had nobly earned it all. He is pronounced by friend and foe to have been the greatest statesman England ha3 possessed since William Pitt; he has left a position none can at present take up. His loss can only be estimated by time, and the experiences jt will unavoidably bring. At ihe present time England could ill spare her noble pilot from the helm of the Ship of State, with his calm, clear brain, his strong hand and unflinching will. "Although the leading spirit has departed, those remain who, by long association, have drunk dee) at the fountain head, and can still diffuse its essence. Ho it was who rescued from her' England and her degraded position, placed high in the councils of the world. He taught nations to respect her name and honor her traditions. His xnauly courage and firmness enforced respect and confidence. The high jKwition then attained remained with the great Tory chief until his ..death, and all the world is ready to do homage to his loyalty to his sovereign, and to his patriotism to the country of his birth and fame " It is a remarkable resnlt in the case of one who had nothing but his genius to aid him. He had no patron in high life, no college connection, no friendship in high places to help him; indeed, he had the prejudice of poverty and race against him. Nothing but the highest courage sustained, him, and the Christian-Jebecame the embodiment of nearly all that noble and great in the English character. Mr. Disraeli became a Christian in faith at a very early age it is said at twelve years and maintained it to the end of his mortal career. Ajs a young mau ho showed no particular apti tude for anything except literature; he disliked business, but cultivated his mind by travel, which the comparatively slender means of his father enabled him to enjoy. He began life as a politician, determined to win his way to fame and greatness. . He was ;uost emphatically a e man. By his perseverance and indomitable will he succeeded, step by step, in winning the high positions he for years has filled, and was twice Premier of England, the far-seein- ! w i self-mad- one position nearest to the throne. His personal qualities had also a great deal to do with his success. "Little children loved him, heart3 worshipped him, and strong men heldhis right hand lovingly and loyally when he died," wo-man- ly Some beloved in a most remarkable manner. years ago a lady friend of both himself and Ins Viscountess died and left him a handsome estate on condition of her remains being laid side by side with her beloved friends in their family vault at Hughenden! ! this wish was complied with the name of this Lady wa Mrs. rtrydges Willyaras; here is a speciman of the tenacity, and appreciation of friendship, that is most expressive and unique ! it is said that he never made a personal enemy party ones he had bitter ones but at hi3 death it is remarkable every opposing feeling seemed laid aside,and the daily callers in Curzon Street were all that had ever known him, and admired his wondrous abilities; the most delicate attention was shewn him, even to leaving their carriages at the top of the street, and walking to the house that no noise might desturb him. Ladies, Marchionesses and Duchesses observed this attention. At his own Manor of Hughenden, the Vicar of which the Rev. Henry Blagden M. A., spoke of him in high terms at the Vestry meeting saying, "I rise to give expression to our regret at the great loss our parish has sustained by the lamented death of the Earl of Beaconsfield; during the t welve years that I have been Vicar, no one could be more kindly or liberally disposed toward the parish than he was. I never applied to him for help without his meeting me in the kindest, and most generous way; and I know how dearly he loved this of Hughplace and always had the enden at heart. In his last illness he pined for his beloved Home, and although he knew that the honor of a public funeral in Westminister Abbey might be his, he always set his face against it, because he desired that his body .should lie here in the place he loved so much. can safely say that those who knew him best, loved hira best; and I never heard one of his Tenants, or one of those who served him, say an unkind or bitter word against hira. No public man was ever able 10 call forth such an amount of devotion as he did, not only, among his political supporters, but still more when we come to the narrower circle of his own place;" the Vicar then proposed resolutions to record the irreparable loss the nation, and especially the Manor of Haghenden had sustained by the death of the Earl of Beaconsfield etcetera; in speaking to the resolution Mr Thomas Coates said, "as a Tenant of the late Earl for a quarter of a century he endorsed all the Vicar had said" of course I have merely given a synopsis of what aught every word to have been quoted, as coming from one who as the Clergyman of the parish had been brought into much of the inner life of the Disraeli family. Demonstrations of respect were held throughout the country the day of the funeral and services held at most of the Churches and the most eulogistie remarks made,the burden and refrain being that "the country had lost a very great man and the Queen one she regarded as her friend, and counselor." I now give, clippings from London, papers which speak for themselves n "A diplomatist was not long ago with Prince Bismarck in the latter's conferring private cabinet, when the conversation chanced to turn on the Berlin Congress and the conspicuous part which the chief Plenipotentiary of Great Britain-ha- d taken at it. 'There' said the Chancellor.pointing to the wall there hangs the portrait of my Sovereign .there on tie right that of my wife, and on the left that of Lord Beaconsfield." "Everywhere there are jigus of true sorrow well-bein- g L well-know- and respect; friend and foe alike have striven to emulate each other in mourning a national loss, while the foreign Press teems with eulogy on the great wan just passed away. To merely quote wiiat has already appeared would require more than one edition of. this, paper. It is remarkable, however,-thaamong so many authorities there should be so little that is censorious.5 Radical papers, If we acept a few there has been nothing but universal praise. It would be foolish to suppose that the late Earl had not many and bitter political opponents, but under the shadow of sorrow so recent , nearly all unite in setting forth the better sidf-o- f the great man's career. Of the many flattering notices that have appeared in the foreign newspapers; that in the Bersaglieri of Rome h the most picturesque. The writer says "The man whom Mr. Gladstone had reproached as not having a drop of English blood in his veins has given to the English Gladstone-terrible lesson in patriotism: he found England reduced, as Lord Russell said, to a Power "of the third order, and he replaced her in her ancient position. His end was ever the greatness and prosperity of England. To the domesticity loving Queen this ambitious man, this remoulder 01 Empires, wa extremely dear. The daughter of the Brunswick 'and Tudors leaned in glad security on the arm of the Hebrew's son." "A man who did not know how to hesitate or vacillate when he saw what he believed to be what he had duty; who did not undo y done yesterday; fearless and independent, true to conviction and bold in action; one who would rather look defeat in the face than be false to his principles." The following Is a clause in his will and he desires that the words "in her own right," shall be inscribed even speak character ! "I desire and direct that I may bo buried in the same vault in the churchyard of Hughenden in which the remains of my late dear wife, Mary Anne Disraeli, created in her own right Viscountess Beaconsfield, were placed, and that my funeral may be conducted with the same simplicity as hers was.". The last extract lias a ring in it that cause my whole soul to vibrate and respond to the chords it strikes why is this? "There are more th ings in Heaven and Earth, than are dream pt of in our philosophy or if some whisperings of the Spirit of truth, give, us glimpses of light, and understanding through the crannies of the Soul, they are given alone for our edification and generally we find the lancuatre we now Posses even with all its wondrous power of communication is still inadequate to express that, which by some invisible power is conveyed to us, and with it a Lexicon of the same mysterious construction by which we can comprehend and define its meaning; and we are fed and enlightened, and edified and we go on our way acknowledge it the voice of God, and we heard it without fear, but with joy and gladness! well may our minds go out into the Elysian fields, leaving the things of "the earth earthy" and in the vision of those minds we see the hand of God, almost as did "the brother of Jared" "God moves in a mysterious way" "He raises up instruments, He fills them with intelligence that is of no earthly school; the portion of His Spirit that he has conferred upon them, draws all men unto them," and women too, and even children," pluck their robe to gain their smile; and so they pass thro' life, with all eyes fixed upon them, 'all minds trying to read them, engrossed by them, living meteors that cross our path in their glory and their brightness, they rush on till like the masse of humanity they are swal lowed up in the Maelstrom of Peath! and there the door is shut.and we are left dazzled by their a to-da- . ! all-imaginat- ions 