WOMAN'S EXP ONE NT . "62 Tuesday and Wednesday, iReptember 20 and 21, it la expected all the articles prepared for the will be brought in, ticketed "with the name and age of the child, and the Ward, or place, to which he or she belongs." Such articles as bread, cake, pie, preserve, etc., also vegetables cr flowers, must be brought in on the last day. It is anticipated that the President, or one of her Counselors, of each Association, will take charge of her respective department in: the Fair, in order to prevent any confusion. Price of will Le, adults ten cents, children five ex-hibiti- on ad-misM- un cents. NOTICE. Secretaries of the various Primary Associations are requested to send ieports to their respective Stake Secretaries, who are earnrstiy desired to forward Stake Reports immediately, to be presettU-- at the October Conference. Stake Secretaries who have furnished complete reports from date of organization, need only lend from dato of foiwtr statistics. All others will forward full particulars from date of organiza- tion. Lillie Freeze, Secretary Central Board Primary Association. Salt Lake City. R. 6., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. whichwasheld hand-maide- BBAK . LAKE 'STAKE. The Relief Societies and Primary Associations of the Bear Lake Stake held a Conference at Ovid, on the 27th and 28th of August. The attendance was very good', and we were much Messed with the presence of the good Spirit. Wo were favored with h r rompnnv of Sisters M. I. Hornc and E. S. Taylor from Salt Lake City. Their instructions to the sisters, both young and old, wore very appropriate and remarkably clear, and wilf doubtless be 1 long remembered. The Young Ladies' Associations have for some time past been holding their Conferences in conjunction with the Young Men's M. J. Associations, but they were advised to meet in Conference hereafter with the Relief Societies. The reports given by the Ward President'; were generally encouraging, and showed that much in; crest was taken by the .sisters in assisting to accomplish the purposes of .our Heavenly IV her. President Win. Pudge also favored us with his company during both days and 'made tome very interesting remarks. Presidents Julia Lindsay and Elizabeth Col liugs made some instructive remarks, each expressing their good feelings and satisfaction with the meetings, and that there Were present so many brethren to encourage them m their labors. Sister Ann if President of the Pri mary Association.', Jnd Counselor E. Pugmire and others also occupied some time in making some very kin ! :r.id profitable remarks. We had ;i!t i .iu'f plea aid and encouraging time. Jul. i a Birf,i Cur. Sec.-. , The La :;i nthk' meeting Wnrd Utb Aemhly Holms' convened ausual jy attrno-ii.pt. 10th, at J Laholl-Mrs. M. Home presiding. p.m.. h rVt speaker. Siter Hornc She revi-ferred tnthr "f h?relf and Sister E. S. TayW tt Rpar Lak ..Valley; spoke of the interest tho breth ren m a ni tested there in leaving thc'rlnr vesting and coming over 20 miles to attend the sitters' two days Confer ! t ul-.i- in the - . t rut it storing grain, etc. The Stake Conference Y, L. M. I. A. convened in the evening. An excellent spirit and feeling prevailed, and quite young ladies, who were called upon to speak, acquitted themselves Minuted and reports were very admirably. interesting, and showed that the Associations were in good condition. Many young brethren attended the meeting and seemed especially interested. The next morning the sisters from Salt Lake City attended j the Sunday School, and after listening to the usual exercises, addressed the children. The Sunday School was very interesting indeed, and the children seemed to be making rapid improvement. In the afternoon, after the Sacrament was administered, the Relief Society Conference was continued. Sisters Grant, Kimball, Freeze and Home were invited to seak, and much good instruction was given to mothers, and to the young people. There was a large congregation assembled, and a good spirit was plainly manifest. The sisters returned home feeling well pleased with the visit" and the good which had Deen accomplished. - THE INFLUENCES OF HOME. What tender emotions clintr about the word home! What depths of human feeling are stirred by the bate mention of the word ns to-da- . sustained by the Conference; The remainder of the time was occupied in speaking on subjects connected with Relief Society work, the brethren built a bowery in which to hold the meetings. Sifter Taylor.when with her.was taken sick, and she held meetings at Bloomington, St. Charles and Liberty, without her help. Said she knew of no other young ladies more wide awake than the President ana her two counselors of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Bear Lake Stake; gave much good spiritual instruction. Minutes of Primary Associations of the 11th and 20th Wards were read. Sister Ellen C. S. Clawson made some remarks, and announced that the Primary Fair would be held in the Social Hall, Sept. 22, 23 and 24. Said she would like each ward or settlement designated by its own banner and in charge of its respective president. There would be some considerable expenses, and should charge 10 cents for adults and 5 cents Would like all articles brought for children. in the Tuesday and Wednesday previous. , "If we have a Fair next year, we shall give i prize to the little girl who will make the best bread." Sister M. W.Wilcox made a few remarks,and gaid she realized the judgments of God were being poured upon the earth; rejoiced in the principles of the gospel. Mrs. M. P. Young said let us speak of the good in each other and bury those things that are evil; it is good to treasure up precious things. Sister P. Kimball thought the sovereign of the throne of England did not enjoy the jeace within her soul that was enjoyed by the daughters of Ziou, the of the Lord. "Look at our homes and fields. Would we have thought when this Church was organized of the positions women occupy My duties are, among the daughters of Zion. Sometimes I look beyond the veil toward those who have gone before us, and wish to live to do a work in the Temple for those who w ere mine before the gospel came to me. Sister E. S. Taylor said she cou Id not add much to what had been said by Sister Home concerning the visit north, but felt that the country people were very diligent; said also she feared many of the Saints would be slumbering when the Bridegroom came, like the ioolirdi virgius. By our works would we bo ence, y. judged. Sisters Ann Brimley, Siuali Bishop, Caroline Raleigh, Martha B. Young, L. Gieene Richards and Julia Howe each made a few interesting remarks and bore faithful testimonies of the truth. Meeting closed by singing. Benediction bv Sister Julia Howe. Tooele Stake. Mrs. Marv A. Freeze and Mi of Matti Hr,mfl this city, attended the Lad of Tooele Stake, Saturday and Sunday; on the last day they were joined by Mrs. Rachel R. Grant and Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, also of this city. On Saturday morning, September the 10th. the Primary Conference was held was held, many brethren being present. Minutes bf the previous Conference were read, also written reports from the adjacent settlements, followed by exercises from the children, among winch was a t of very suitable and interesting questions, which were promptly answered by the little folks. The best of order prevailed during the meeting. In the afternon, the Relief Society held their Conference in theMeeting Houe in Toelr, presided ner hr Pres. Mrs. M. A. Hunter. The brethren were in attendance and encouraged the sisters greatly. Minutes of previous Conference and reports" were read, and the various branch Societies were represented verbally. The officers of the Cen-trStake organization of Bejief Society were li-- - al Home is the place to which one ever turns instinctively in times of trials of sorrow, or adversity. "Home is home, be it ever so hoiLely," is one of the truest of homely phrases. Home should be a place of happiness; that is, such happiness as mortals may enjoy in this life; and when it is really so, how doubly precious and significant is the term. Home is said to be where the heart is, and home is not home if peace does not dwell there, and tranquility and such influences as promote and strengthen the growth of virtue and the elevation of character. Home to us seems a real place of dwelling, not a temporary shelter, which may be changed every month; such is not the iiomh one can turn to with strength of affection, and cling to as the foundation of character. Home is the place with which we were familiar in the days of our youth, when we experienced the joys and sorrows, the mortifications and disappointments of childhood; where we were taught the principles which tended to exalt and strengthen character. The very nature of one's surroundings have the most pwerful tendency over them, and the effect of scenery upon character is a noticeable feature in the history of nations. Those who dwell in cer-talocalities partake of the nature of the country, it is inherent in their very being, and develop certain characteristics that impress all their after life. Much depends upon home discipline, the habits inculcated with tender years, the principles taught at the mother's knee, the impression made in such a way, at times of quiet thought and restfulness, are almost ineffaceable throughout all time. Confidence in the home among the inmates is one of the firmest in the pillars of structure of the character of thestrength Tbc father and mother must have the young. confidence of the child, if they would keep him from the paths Of evil, for however pure the home may be, evil exists outside, and the moment the child steps out from that home influence, he must meet it. It is for this the little child must be strengthened, and in no way can he im proteciea irom, or helped in resisting evil, as by having the full confidence of the parents, to go to father or mother in any doubt, or when tempted to do wrong m 