1 . IMJM W - - and Day, they leaving this place for the land of Zion, whereupon .Sister Hannah Cox was called to preside, and was sustained hy unani- RROMPTOST On Thursday,the 2th of July,a drawing-roomeeting was held at the residence of Miss Cour-tena- That God may bless you in your efforts to do good and all who favor Zion and her interests, is the prayer of your sisters in the Gospel of Hannah Cox, Pres't. Sarah Williams, Sec'y. Wasatch Stake. ; ner f -- 1 J I j , ! I j . j ' I - cMary Bronsoj, SecV Avis M.TJr6xs"cn Xss't - (l , .. . jj y, Brompton Square." Amongst those present were Lord Stratheden and Campbell, Colonel Morrison, Mr. Newton Scott, Miss Frances Power Cobbe, Miss Becker, Miss Tod, Miss Biggs,Miss Courtenay, and several others. Miss Becker, in opening the proceedings,cx-plaine- d that the object of the meeting was the extension of the parliamentary franchise to women who posessed the same qualifications that entitled men to vote. They desired the franchise not only as au act of justice, but because the denial of it created a great deal of mischief to women and to society. Men often call upon women to take part in certain duties, but the )art which they ask them to take consisted principally in the relief of suffering, or the mending or repairing of some blunder. She hoped women would be willing always to come forward to relieve suffering,but it was beginning at least to be seen by the more thoughtful that the prevention of suffering was more, important than the mere relief of it. To her mind women should have a voice in the prevention of suffering as well as take part in the alleviation of it when it existed. The Woman's Suffrage Society was very earnest in pressing forward the movement of giving the suffrage to women, and in endeavoring to circulate a knowledge of its principles; and it was by means of gatherings like the present meeting that those principles were brought forward into quarters which the ordinary channels public meetings for disseminating information in regard to the views of the society did not reach. Much benefit to the movement might be brought about by such gatherings as the one they were that day attending. (Hear, hear.) Miss Frances Power Cobbe spoke in support of the principle. She main tained that the movement for extending the suffrage to women had been generally represented by its opponents as being highly revolutionary. Its opponents seem to think that if the right of voting were granted to women, disastrous results would follow; and the friends of the movement very naturally, when they heard such things, were anxious to try and make ou t that the- - giving the suffrage to women woulcb fke a very small affair, and they went back to the ancient periods, when women used to vote, to show that formerly women did exercise the franchise. She did not think either of the views repiesented by these two classes were exactly the correct ones. It simply amounted to this, that in all ages and times the weaker races and classes were subject to the stronger ones. It was so in the days of ancient Greece and Rome. In Rome the poor slaves had to do the work, and when they attempted to revolt, 6,000. of them were crucified. When they came to the feudal times it was the same thing, the serfs "being the subordinate class. The idea which sherwanted to put forward was that the giving of political rights to the weaker classes was a notion of modemltimesl W omen I in former times cfyte dently had no political rights,but now a period Jiad arrived in which all classes were beginning to assert' their rights and therefore, she looked upon the affording the suffrage to women not as a wonderful;" revolution, but; simply as an inevitable step in the gradual progress of freedom throughout! Jhfriiworltj. (Applause.) Freedom wasproceedjiigfrain class to class androm sex to sex, and - the, consummation would be ' reached when men and women en-- : joyed, equal privileges. It' niustr' not be imagined that it wttiT'a humiliating assertion to say "that women f were a 'weaker class. Ai regards enforcing their rights they were certainly weaker they could not pull down park , . - Amelia Wells, the Queen of the Gypsies ' said to be worth $60. 000. R. S. Stake Secretaries should remember to send full reports by the middle of September. w m -- Meeting of Relief Society of Wasatch Stake held in Heber City Hall August 5th 1881. Present on the stand, President Emma Brown and Counselor Mary Daybell, the presidents of the various Societies and Associations of the Stake. Pres. Hatch, Bishops Foreman and Murdock and other brethren. Meeting called to order by Pres. Brown, singing, prayer by Sister Duke, singing, "Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Minutes of Conference read and approved. Report read by Sec'y. The Presi of the several Societies gave verbal reports all seeming to feel well. Presidents of Primary Associations gave very fa vorable. reports. The children are striving to improve; Sister Brown made some appropriate remarks. Adjourned till 2 o'clock P. M. Afternoon session opened by usual exercises, by Sister Cluff As the Sec, of the Y. LA., was not present one was chosen. The Presidents ofthe Y. I. Associations gave in their reports" all seemed tcv feel well and im- ' proving in good works. Bister Duke, from FrOvo City, addressed the conference a short time gave good instructions to mothers ;with re-- : gard to training and instructing their children. Spoke on Celestial Marriage, said it was a revealed law from heaven, to the Prophet Joseph; the 'speaker had , heard the Prophet speak ' on Celestial Marriage. Exhorted the sisters to be faithful in keeping all the commandments of God our Father leaving nothing- - undone that might insure our salvation and exaltation in the kingdom of Heaven Sister Moulton gave some very excellent instructions, " Bishops Foreman and Murdock gave good counsel said mothers should ,be very watchful of their daughters that theyUhould not keep company with outsiders and thereby be . Jed -Pres. Hatch was very much in earnest astray. telling the sisters to see after their daughters that they are at home at night; and also to know what company they are keeping. It is the duty their children. Sfcte'r of mothers to look-afte- r Brown expressed herself pleased, arid endorsed all that had been said. Conference adjourned for 3 months. X SQUARE. - 1 My home, my home is there." i railings (alaugh) and make the same disand persons were turbances that. apt to confound the Want of physical power to a?sert rights with the- lack of , power to see wisely and judiciously what was for the public . benefit. Now in her opinion these were two distinct things. Miss Cobbe here read some extracts from Mr. Kinglake'swerk upon the Crimean war, pointing out how badly the sick were maned in the hospitals out at the Crimea, her object being to show the different way in which the female brain worked to that of man in tike of difficulty. Everything, she said,was done by the officers to improve matters, which instead tof getting better got worse. Ultimately female aid was sent for and obtained, and the state of affairs began to brighten up. The speaker having read some other passages from Mr. Kinglake's work eulogising Miss Nightingale, and referring to the great faculties possessed by that lady, concluded by saying that if there were only one or two Miss Nightingales, there might still however be a considerable number of women quite as good as some of those who at present got a share in the government. (Applause. Miss Tod remarked that both of the preceding speakers had alluded in an informal way to the fact that women had taken a part in public life, and perhaps a considerable part when it was remembered what had been done. This empire could not have been created had it not been for the large and important share which women had taken in the efforts and sacrifices which had been made to build up its grand history. What they were then asking for women was much more new inform than substance. Until a comparatively recent date no very large number of men of the ordinary middle and lower classes had a voice in the affairs of the State, except in an indirect way. The Reform Bills actually lessened the political influence of women, unless they too, upon the same conditions as the men possessed the vote, were granted the suffrage, because those Bills gave the men power out of all proportion to that possessed by women. Till a comparatively recent date the difference in that amount of political power possessed by men over women was not nearly so great as it was at present, and therefore it was of importance that the balance should be restored by giving to women the parliamentary franchise. Women had duties to perform to the country at large, and the qualities which they could bring into public life were those which to a great extent were needed. She remembered some years ago talking to a member of the French army who was in favor of the Empire, and was very much struck jby what that gentleman said when he stated "that Parliaments and Assemblies were feminine modes of government." Government by fre and open discussion and not by force-t- hat was by force of mind rather then physical strengthwas undeniably one in which women could take their full rights, and it must be remembered that the Government of England was si ' government by discussion. It was in Parliament that all - the thoughts, feelings, and desires, all the; Wants, "wrong j; and interests of the nation were discussed, and the essence and value of such discussion was not so ' much the work done as the discussion itselfthe free interchange of opinion amongst reasonable people. It was the duty of women to claim their rignts, and she wished to impress upon ladies that they ought not to set aside their duties. It was necessary that they should assert their rights, and it was the duty of every woman householder to endeavor to obtain for herself and for her sisters the parliamentary franchise. (Hear, hear.) The discussion was continued by Mr. Newton Scott, Miss C. A, Biggs. Miss Cobbe, Miss Tod,. Miss Becker, Colonel Morrison, and Miss Courtenay, and after partaking of refreshment the party separated. mid-coul- semi-month- ly . 65 DRAWING ROOM MEETINGS. mous vote of the Society, which now numbers 15 members, we are; anxious to do our duty, and are assisted in this at times by Elder Romley meeting with and occasionally instructis "if ing us, in relation to the same; his motto we do but littlejet us do that little well'which motto we adopt and hope to be able to carry once for out The Society meets sewing and once for business purposes, we read with pleasure in the Exponent of the efforts of our sisters at home in Zron to assist in rolling on the work of God, and anxiously look forward to the time when we will be privileged to be with you in person as we now are in spirit, for with the poet we truly say; "1 know it is the promised land; , EX PONENT. , "Ll Christ. OHM'S , ' ; ( 