W OMAN- - SEX 136. are moved upon by me to do. Love your hoi y comneighbor as yourself, and the most mandments well antMruly keep, you will not for part with me as With my predecessor; remember among all my tenderest cares will I who were spared you and your loved ones, all when Then in trust. me to by 1880, and given all the former years shall come before the judgment seat of Him who had appointed them their times, I too will come and testify that while I traveled with the earth around upon her circle in he heavens, thou wast true and faithful in all the things that make man havworthy, by forgiving to be forgiven, and ing kept the law of God, so far as I can be your witness, art entitled to partake with the leaves of the tree of life eternal. Jiust of the M. J. C. JESSE BURNS, OR, Was it Fate? A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvoo, and tht early Settlement of Utah. """" 11 i. PONE N T i of anticipations, r evervl :hi a ' iA. would be bright and happy when her father came. She 'did not care much it he would only come, she always had everything as others had, so far as she saw, he had always provided, and why should he not always do so. It would be so bright and happy if he was only at home she did not care for the gold if father would only come. Childish logic certainly but how much better for all if Jesse could have seen it in the same light; how many slow torturing years might have been spared them, what sorrow and care and desolation: but the excitement was strong and gold seemed the surest way to happiness. To Mary it meant comforts for herself, and rest. for Jesse. He had always worked hard,he would be an old man after awhile, and it would be nice to have a good home and comforts for their old age, and gold might bring them even there, for were they not promiseHhtit the wilderness should blossom as the rose; that Zion should be established in the tops of the mountains; and peace and plenty should reign in their midst. There were many hardships in settling a new couutfy, espeeialy one so isolated from navigation, whereal! means for improvement had to bo imported so many miles in The farming required so much labor on account of irrigation, and all- - the wood and lumber had to be hauled from those dreadful canons at the risk of life and limbs, and many a good man was killed or crippled while laboring on the mountains. They had come to settle in peace where they could rest secure from their enemies., They had been robbed, and plundered, and driven, but they had come so far away that no one wTould care to molest them, the country was such a barren desert, that no one would wish to wrest it from them. Here at least, they would find rest, they would build cities, rear temples, and improve the country, worshiping God according to his revealed will without fear or molestation. It was said, "seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all else shall be added." They had left father, mother, home and friends, for Christ's sake, and if they were faithful to their covenants, and true to themselves and to God, He would bless them in all their under- stakings. ox-team- CONTINUED. All that long summer the gold fever in- creased, and a tide of humanity went surging past,making Salt Lake their resting place, and the little oasis, in the desert beqame a business centre and a place of rest. The miners came with wagons, but, owing to the nature of the mountain country, thought it expedient to finish their journey with pack animals. This gave employment to many of the citizens in fitting up saddles and the necessary outfit for packing. Their jaded animals were exchanged for fresh ones, their wagons together with all sorts of farming utentsils, machinery, stoves, trunks and clothing of all sortswere exchanged with the citizens or sold at a mere nominal God-sen- d to the poor, destitute price. It was a inhabitants, affording them implements to work with, and even provisions, meat, flour, cheese, crackers, fruit and groceries, were sold or given in large quantities to the settlers, who gave thanks to God for all his mercies and went to work with renewed faith and courage. Jesse had left his business in charge of his partner, who was a good, honest man in his way, but of no business capability. The sawmill wns'good proper ty,aud lumber in demand, but he only managed to make n. scanty living for Ills own family and very little for Mary. Jesse's friend, John Somers, had promised him before he went, that while 'he had anything Mary should not sutler, lie went to Green River in company with others to ferry over the emigrants receiving in payment, many things for the comfort of his family. lie brought Mary a small cooking stove which she prized highly, as she had thought never to own such an article again when she left her home. ThatTall some men came in from California bringing news of the absent ones,for there were no mails in those days. Jesse sent Mary four hundred dollars in gold, to be divided with his partner, according to contract. He had arrived at his destination after many hardships, and after resting awhile from hU fatigue, had found work at his trade as; boss carpenter, at good wages and sent the proceeds to his family. To Minnie it seemed like a fairy tale to see so much gold and she expected her father would soon come home with so much that they could have everything they wanted. Poor child, she hardly realized what all they wanted might mean; she knew little of the requirements of lile,nor how one want supplied makes wayibr another. Blessed are the numble poor, so long as want and starvation does not assail them, their homes are happier and more free from care than the mansions of the rich. Her , X s. CLASS IN MIDWIFERY. B: 'PRATT WILL BEGIN A VPW ui jmuwuery, m uer oilice, up tion Building, March 1st, 1881. Students TeSuld " cn1j;, " r names in time tor books to be procured. IV viaets TERMS, 830. BOOKS, 812. DR. ELLIS E. SHIPP. PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. Omen In Bishop Hunter's old residence, between 7 tM L and the National Bank. RjESiDEfCK 11th Ward, 7th East Street, between South and 1st South Si reets, west 6ide of street. Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children as sxxa&y itieS. , THE Ij AUIHO Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST BEST SELECTED STOCK of 80(1 BOOTS, SHOES & SLIPPERS Also, full and desirable lines, best brands OlOLllcairoxi'fii1 IPizxo Slioes W Your Order an StiUeiLs. GEO. TDUlSTFOllD. obe found In the West. P. AUERBAOH & BRO. HAVE- - REIVED TO THElfl NEW STORE. 124 1126 Has. CALLj AND EXAMINE Fall and Winter &" Goods. DAVID JAMES, TINNER, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTER. gent for RUMSETTS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. VW Address, David Jama, box 308, Salt Late City. E-A- SST25. O. M, I. WHOLESALE ASD RETAIL DEALERS IX DRY GOODS, HEAVY & NOTIONS, GROCERIES, SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. -- A. T T.OEJ A. & 3D 23 Xs ' SS -- SALT LAKE CITY, Special Departments for Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladies' and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware and Stoves. To he Continued. DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. S. a Of IP- - TB-AfODE- L. XiAnax: Home Made Trunks stock for Sale by JOIIS Agent for the PKOVO WOOLEN WILLS, Itn f Iff I i Kr. nlan TTOKf "P f i TV CUTLER, f nnatf tn1kn Brown Yarns, White Yarns, Colored Yarns, Casshners, Tweeds, BlanJiet, Flanneis, Shawls, Linseys, Jeans, C. Old Cotton Battirr, Wool IiattJn?. Brooms, Washboard?, Brushes, Etc Etc. H. DINWOODEY, XHOLESALE AUD RETAIL DKAIXR IN FUENITUEE, SPUING SEOS, W1BE UtniESSES, FEATBEBS. WILL FMB AJTD I1DMM &M 1H E i foraU KmSiL181,1' Kr SilU ttfJE H' ta? fSM.th5iPWWTM the J body-- tor Torpid r tS2!2 II. U. WABHEJt DR. 23. jfL. PaJD tntd Bright DUbetoa Care, lUcbtKfr, X.Y. attention Natnral teeOi. Teeth CfcrtfaPy Kxtracted. PaLci Tdth a rtiU 8 to ban cm tooth toManner. Pk ilc Approred to Suit Us Time and First RjTl eT Dla-Er'fi- DUJiOBD, 13 T rprrrTAT. Uver-He- ad- wtrk uuiti uf OFFICE: A CO 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY. & Bare value, and the diseases thatcausa 434 tfrioarx Organ jj VliJSZZJ??? 75, 77, - EAIS F. ST OPPOSITE DOIi SILT UIE HOUSE. 