ONLY A GIRL. BY MRS. A. E. N. R. . Close tho door carefully, mnfe the tread, Drop the white curtains 'round the xrhlte bed; A pale mother's Bleeping, aye give her rest, Sec the frceh rosebud upon her whito breast. Sho has etruggled with pain, she has wreBtled with death; JTer's Is the victory ! let not a breath Awaken her 6lumber, hark ! there's a tread, Nearer and nearer approaching the bed; Mnly his Jbcaring yea, nolle his mien; Lowly he bends the fair sleepers between; Lifts the frail floweret with, womanly care, Breathlessly gazing, bis lips part in prayer! No! there's ia chill in the ambient air. Each word falls distinctly and painfully 6low, Curdling and freezing the blood in" its flow; " It's only a girl ! a hush as of death For the moment susjended each listener's breath ; In the pause the pale sleeper uplifted her eyes I must have been dreaming," 6hc said with surprise. " I thought that a cold hand of iron touched my hcart While hard, crttel words, like a poisonous dart, I sprang for my babe ! Pierced iny soul to It's only a girl I ' were the words I heard said, And Elmer! Ob, Elmer! that voice was like thine; That hand angels spare me! once warmly clasped mine, As you called me more prccions than ruby or pearl, And yet, it was when I was was only a girl ! If a girl is thus dear, then the mother and wife To every true man is as dear as his life ! " She clasped her cold hands o'er her hot, throbbing brow The blood had all rushed to that citadel now; Then her words, quick and scathing, burned into the soul! Emotion swayed reason beyond her control It's only a girl ! " O man in thy strength, Know that God measures souls by their depth, not their length; The streamlet may wind over miles of fair earth, Yet bear on its bosom no prond ship of worth ; A man may hold kingdoms, and nations control : "What is that to the birth of one- beautiful soul ? The germ in your strowg armsvtinfolded with care, May, like Harriet flosiner or Rosa Bonheur, Move the world by their art, or lull it to rest With poesy's magic, the balm of tho blest. The mission of motherhood! Man, do jou dare With sneers stain this sanctum sanctorum of prayer? This Holy of Holies this mightiest dower T Dare to scoff at the sex in which lies this power? Ah, where were the Monarch, the Duke, and the Earl, Had not each a mother once " only a girl ! " And whence came thy being, and all the proud van You marshalled in battle yes, every man ? The magnet that led them through storm and through strife, Was a mother, a sister, a sweathcart, or wife, Each closely enshrined in his heart like a pearl ; And yet each fair image was "only a girl I " It was only a girl that Deity chosa To incarnate the Christ ; the story In proso Sweeps down through the ages like stars through the tho-cor- e; 1 ' - night, To illumine the world with Its God given light . -- -- tial marriage, have become accustomed to it, and having but little opposition to contend with, can have very liyle idea of the trial it -was to those who first entered the school. They had to lean upon the arm of tho Almighty, and in the face of persecution, sorrow and death, took up the cros and bore it heroically for the sake of future generations, lwoking beyond this life for their reward. They understood it to be a principle instituted solely for the purpose of saving and exalting the human family; not only the living, but those who had died without a knowledge of the true plan of 'Twas only frail woman that wept at tho tomb, And talked with the angels when Jesus had gone; And woman that bore the glad tidings to man That Christ, the Beloved", had risen again. Go to the recking battle-field- s of yore And read the records, writ in human gore, Of woman's valor, mercy, courage, love, And point mo to one name that's carved abovo The name of woman in such deeds as these, And I will pray to Heaven, on bended knees, That every child henceforth may bo & boy ; That every father's heart may leap with joy. But ere in scorn you breathe a "ouly girl ! " Look, lest you cast aside tho greater pearl. Selected. SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY ITELEN MAR WHITNEY. Those who have "grown up in these valleys, and have here pratised the of celes principle salvation. It was considered a sacred and holy duty and thelionest in heart who entered into it did it in the fear "of God. What other motive than real faith and a firm conviction of the truth of this principle could have induced them to accept and practice a doctrine so : opposite-- to their traditions and the rigid training received from their sectarian parents and ancestors? Who would wish to become objects of derision, to have their friends and associates turn the cold shoulder, and be subjected to the sneers and scoffs of persons prejudiced by the extravagant tales spread by certain ones who, while professing d friendship and faith in the principle, were and treacherous to their brethren and sisters; the latter, though virtuous and modest in their demeanor and their motives as noble and pure as were those of Ruth and Naomi, had to silently bear the title of lewd women. We may read the history of martys and mighty conquerors, and of many great and good- men and women, but that of the noblo women and fair daughters of Zion, whose faith in the promises of Israel's God enabled them to triumph over self and obey His higher law, and assist His servants to establish it upon the earth, though buried in the past, I feel sure ther was kept by the angels an account of their works which will yet be found in the records of Eternity, written in letters of Gold. The Prophet said that the practice of this principle would be the hardest trial the Saints would ever have to test their faith. It was not hi3 work, but that of the Almighty, and he said it would cause the damnation of all who entered into it with impure motives, and none who acted unrighteously could stand, the trial would be so great; and there would be but few men who would be capable of being saviors upon Mount Zion. He taught the principle to his wife, Emma, who humbly received it and gave to him three young women to wife, who had been living with her in her , family, and had been like adopted daughters. Until she lost the spirit and her heart became hardened, they lived happily together. They respected and loved her as though she had been their mother, and might have remained with her afterwards had they been willing to have severed the ties between themselves and the Prophet; but choosing to remain true their covenants, which they considered binding here and hereafter, they preferred to leave the Mansion. Emma deceived her children and denied to every one that the Prophet had ever received a revelation pn Celestial marriage, or had ever revepractised it, although she had heard the lation and was an eve witness to the marriage of the three wives above mentioned. Besides, he told her of every one that hadTeen scaled to him. 'Some of those who apostatized from the Church, and knew more than she did about the practice of Polygamy, also denied it; but there are too many of the Prophet's wyes still living in Utah as well as hundreds of other witnesses who can testify to the hypocrisy of those men who, like William Marks, apostatized because they could not manage matters pertaining to the Church as thev desired, and who afterwards volunteered their services to two-face- r help Emma Smith, she having, according to her own acknowledgment, founded the Joseph-it- e church, to revengo herself upon Brigham Young. How little the world who hate and persecute Saints know of the impelling the Latter-da- y motive which induced them to accept and carry out the principles taught by Joseph Smith, the great Prophet of the latter days. It seems a little strange, too, so greatly despised and hated as "Moruionism" is, that many of it3 principles, revealed through the illiterate boy, Joseph Smith, and taught for fifty years or more by tho Church (doctrines for which our people have been persecuted and driven, and many besides the Prophet and Patriarch slain for advocating) are now being proclaimed by sectarian ministers, who are applauded for thus advancing some new idea, never before thought of. Such blindness is certainly deplorable. t' My father was often called a Prophet, and years ago in Najivoo I heard him predict that it would yet become a law of this nation that men should marry a plurality of wires. The Prophet Joseph was heard to say that in consequence of wars and disasters, men would become so scarce that when one was seen it would be said of him, "There goes a man." The following we read in Isaiah: "Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in tho war. And her gates shall lament and mourn: and she being desolate, shall sit upon the ground. And in that day 6even women shall take hold of one man saying: We will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel, only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach." If "coming events cast their shadows before," we certainly have no cause to doubt the speedy fulfilment of this prediction. Tho first great commandment given by the Creator lias nearly become obsolete among professed Christians. who eet tkcmocWce up aa our judges, and assume to be followers of the meek and lowly Jesus, but instead, Jiaye departed from His precepts, choosing only such portions of the Scriptures as happen to suit their own ideas, and ignoring the rest; while the Latter-da- y Saints, whom they call heretics, accept it entirely, and believe it to be their duty to obey every requirement of the Gospel held forth by our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Instead of spiritualizing it, we believe it means exactly what it says in both the Old and the New Testaments. As other sect3 have already followed in the footsteps of the "Mormons" in pertain of their doctrines, we need not be surprised to eventually hear of their advocating and legalizing Polygamy. Great exertions have been made by them to enlighten the minds of the awfully ignorant ana" depraved "Mormons," who have rightly appreciated the same and also realize how much more interest they have taken in our behalf since they found that instead of perishing, as they had hoped we would, we were still inliving and increasing in wealth, power and fluence away off here in the valleys of the They send their Biblo Rocky Mountains. of conagents for the purpose, as we suppose, vincing us of ourrfrrors by the Scriptures, for which we are thankful, as we are more than anxious thnt the rising generation in Zion should understand the Scriptures, as our doctrine is founded upon that sacred record. To be continued. ' j( o Dr. J. G. Holland, editor of Scribncr's MonVily Magazine, and author of "Bitter Sweet," "KathrinaJ and many other beautiful and tender poems, died suddenly at his residence in New York City, on Thursday, October 13, and was buried the following Sunday at Springfield, Mas& 