WO M 1 N done in also "made reap the full reward of their folly. This is more applicable to the. girls, but when carried to excess has a degenerating ' effect on both ;: R' Pratt some exMteni remarks, anil bishop Atkins said he had been edified by the instructions of the sisters. sexes,-- ! ! - 4 the SecretaryMrsE. BroQmhed,-- ; The President asked the children questions, which they answered' promptly. Sister Hey wood then asked them some questions, and gava them some" very good advice as to the course they should pursue in order to become great and good. Sister . Kimball cautioned the children never to neglect their meetings, to be obedient to parents "and teachers, and always speak the -- a truth. Sister - Home said she could--se-e marked improvement in the children since they had been organized; told 'them not to use tobacco, nor drink liquor of any kind, but be orderly and punctual and honor their parents. Spoke, upon l'aithf and jyesome illustrations by teliirrg i;hern clrcUiristances of the jpower of God manifested in healing the sick. Dr. Pratt also occupied a,few minutes in speaking to. the ' children. The next morning was very stormy, but the sisters visiter) the Sunday School, and after the exercises were over addressed the children." In the afternoon the Young Ladles' Conference convened. After theSaerament was administered, the reports were read by Secretary Miss E. Broomhead, and Mrs. Ann Tate, .President of the Y. L. M. L A. Tooele Stake, made some introductory remarks. Tooele City , Association was represented by Miss Primrose Waters. Sisters Heywpod,:Pratt, Jymbal and Home made suitable7" remarks 'to the young. President II. J. Grant commented most favorably upon the good teaching' of the sisters, and said . Ann Tate. TO THE QIPLS. i fl 1 Although tWoman's Exponent: 'of Comthe art in young, and inexperienced memmitting my thoughts to paper, still, as a ber of the Church of which your valuable paper is an ableadyocateIfeeliH my privilege, as well as myUiuty, tc'lend my:a!d, as tar as I am capable, toward ustojning everything that tends to strengthen bur cause. It. js to the young'tiiat I wish ?mori pafticrly thespeak, most as it B tney who' should be guarded their from the manynares: that' are laiaTor I have i -- - - ' it is the truth, for 1 have been through the mill and can see the folly of it now, and can see where many, very many, of our sufferings might be relieved if we would take proper care of our bodies. while they aire developing : ; into womanhood. You may deem me radical in my ideas, but experience, study and observation teach us a great many truths. I believe recreation to be as necessary as food and drink to the human being,- but nature's laws will not, be outraged! without repaying tenfold the beinsujt offered to her dignity. It therefore hooves iis, my young sisters, to study her laws, as well as future and for our generations, succumb to $hem. j - s ts, jy ,JS(SBI:UJINS, - , or, A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvoo, and the p feet. n -- own-interes- Editor 1 - -- our lives, it would be worth a great deal. les- tified to the great influence young girls could have over young men; said they could start a reformation in morals and their labors would not be in vain. Sister Tate said in conclusion she felt thankful for the good instructions of the sisters, and hoped they would sink deep into every heart. Conference adjourned till the middle of June; to be held in Grantsville. Benediction by James Dunn. : j About the first thing a girl thinks she must before do; going out; into society, is to encase herself in pair of stays, which every person who knows anything of the human frame will aver is most injurious. By this method she succeeds in cramming her heart, lungs, liver, etc., into as small a space as possible above her waist,- - and her stomach, bowels, etc., below, thus misplacing and injuring every internal organ of her body, and- - laying ;tho foundation for many diseases in the future, that she little dreams of how. 1 was told by an M. D. only a few das ago that she had met with more female complaints iri her little practice here, in proportion to the population, than she had in the old country; and she attributed it to danc" ing and tight lacing. ' HoW often, girls,; have you gone to a party dressed, probably in much thinner clothes than you are used to wearing every day, and very likely in a cohditioU that should Have prompted you to remain home and ' get rest and quiet? Hotf often have one and all of you danced till you could hardly set one foot before the other, and your " clothes so wet you could almost wring the perspiration from them? Nor does the story end - there; From the ball room out she goes into the cold night air, with very likely improper and insufficient wraps, and if she is" one of the fortunate ones who possesses a lover, an hour or two is the least they can allow for a confidential little tjhat; and this must take place' feither at the gate or in a cold, perhaps damp, room, for fear of disturbing the family, Who can wonder that after such an ordeal, repeated so often, our girls lose their bright eyes, rosy cheeks and elastic step, and become lanand sickly? You need not guid, hollow-eye- d start, girls,: yon know it is the truth in many theafternoon the Primary Associations their held Conference, which was well attended by children, and parents, Mrs. R.Williams presiding! Reportsand minutes were read by often been W to reflect that our the many blessyoung folks dtfnot appreciate them. 'This ' is ings, .that - are, $owed j upon true in' many 'things, : but I will mention but one at present, which to me assumes gigantic and seethe proportions when I look around evidences of their neglect. As a general rule, the children bom: in these mountain districts are strong and healthy during the early period of their Uvesi 'This '.generally continues until when they think they must they get to the-atime until they a round of gaiety enter thejr.five?.. and pleasure; or so they generally esteem, it at e Ut.el'iroJMa wbbt thetimefbut when, they assume" the afthis; wife" and motherhood, they responsibilities of 191 T--1 ill- the various .organizations towards the higher rducatioii of "woman. 'Dr. E X P ON E N S ... -- asunder. She could noLpart with her clnld, her youngest,' her pet. What could iJesse'do with her, away off among ' strangers', with no tender mother to care for her. She was a delicate child, aril inany times Mary had watched over her when death seemed very near, but, putting all other considerations aside, the mother love was strong and she,would never, never part with her child. That decided what she otherwise might have lingered over, and the bill was procured which separated her forever from Jesse'. She had always loved him with a pure and strong affection. She bad borne the separation with fortitude so long as she thought she shtaldsee him agin, and if her; heart sometimes failed and the time seemed long, she would read his loving, hopeful letters and try to think that perhaps he was doing for d the best; he was working fur her and her a gen2rous portion of this world's goods1 was very alluring, yet she would rather share his'company with poorer prospects. But he wa3 lost: to 'her now forever, and her heart cried out in her loneliness and desolation and ! chil-dren-im- " refused tobe comforted. She was cast adrift, without anchor or guide, without hope or comfort, alone among strangers; but sne had her religion and her God, She had no relatives in Salt Lake to lean upon, she had left them all behind when she determined to follow the fortunes of the Church. Father, mother, sisters and brothers all were left so far off they were as dead to her, seemingly, as if the grass was growing over them, They had plead with her to stay where she could have home, friends and comforts, for they felt as though she was going to her doom, in leaving the dear home ties and family circle forever. "And for what a fate ? " said they; "to suffer and perhaps perish itt the wilderness, in a strange land, among a strange people." The Mormon Church was gathering from all nations, and beyond their general belief in nrnfftssions. thev had no sympathy in connection Srittf wpseple, and thep JKCgmL, and if Jesse Mary to stay with them a while, would go, let him prepare a home before taking her. She would not listen to them. Jesse was her guide and God was her strength; she would share his fate, whatever it might be. And here she was, and Jesse had gone and left her alone. He could accuse her of being false ! she, who had never thought of any other man except as he comprised a part of the great Father's family; she, whose every pulse had beat for him; who had suffered toil, privation and care patiently for his sake; who had and comstrengthened1 him in his weakness, forted him in his sorrow; the mother of his he children, the partner of his life. Andr could doubt her! could even accuse her of to' leave him that she might; get another husband.0 The thought itself was1 too humilher as with iating, and the Injustice, of it smote" rod of irori IJe surely never would1 have been ' art cruel had it hot' have been for Howard; he could riot have thought such things about her. Howard --had vowed vengeance when he left he anger,Und this was 'themeans he had (akento par:them 'by prejudicing' Jesse s mirid Against the people; which would imake him reluctant to return, and create jealousy succeeded too well, against Mary. He had atid he felt that her heart and hopes were crushed forever. r Salt1 Lake, in those days, did not afford many facilities for women to support themselves, lesson of Mary had never learned the fitted fof hard and she was not ofkindly dispo-dlabor.'' ;A lady, no doubt mant d fered to give Mmnie-employall wbrkj and . theLChurch held out .kindly reli-irm- m -- desiring in-hi- s - CONTINUED. - This was a, terrible blow. . for, Mary, who bad. been scarcely knew Byl .strong -- her opes until they were dashed to the ground. He it added a said he o'nld'takeettie from-herterrible fear to her other distress. What means he would use to. accomplish his purpose she did not 1 , ; self-helpfulne- ss, , j taK.e,ner iU;.uv , .She acdinglypresente:Jesse the 'court "aid; procured .divorce mand, Iteemedrbethe he musiHye aim a bill.it : i Pf on his de- even be;m of her heart arms, making provision,thraughitheilJisnops, s Unnie for the. poor. Tiottyong had come into her life. She could not think ol 