W 6 We are little, I know, but that's no reason why Wo cannot enjoy ourselves here, And if we aro good, and serve God as we should, Then wo will have nothing to fear. O MA N S EXPO NE N T. tabernacle, the proceeds, $22,30 was donate J for the benefit of the missionaries. Miss Sakah H. Stoddard, Sec'y. LIFE INCIDENTS. We love our dear meetings, our President too, And pray for her every day That long she may live, good counsel to give. That none of us here go astmy. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. CONCLUDED. w Arthur Woods, recitation; Bona rionquisl, Mabel Park recited, with the peculiar Scotch accent, "Koo barniei, cuddle doon;" Elizabeth Eraby, " Word of Wisdom;" Edgar Spier , four years old recited, "Stop, stop that rain till I go out to play." Bister Eliza and other ladies addressed the children upou faith, virtue, prayer and other subjects of importance and commended them for the good order they had observed, and abo for rendering their respective parts so creditably to themselves and those w ho presided over them. President Teasdale in a pleasing manner made a few interesting remarks', and sung a hymn, previously requesting the children to join in the chorus, "Let the Saints prepare to meet Him." Bishop Speirs made appropriate remarks, also Miss Edmunds one of the Counselors: sang "Praise God from whom all blessings flow." Benediction by Counselor James Woods. During tho exercis&s Mrs. E. B. Wells was prosented with a vase of delicate white wax flowers, gracefully entwined around a cross blue-bellmorning glories, calla lily, pond ivy etc., all exquisitely artistic heliotrope, lily, In design and very beautiful in workmanship. Miss Blanche W. Woods delivered the following s, address, in a very hapry manner: Sister E. B. Wells, in benaif of the 10th Ward Primary Association permit me to say that wo remember with pleasure that two years ago the 15th of this month, we ware honored with your presence in this house, at which time you organized the children of this ward into a Primary Association, with Sister Jennie McLean as President and Sisters Edmunds and Speirs as Counselors, since that time we have held meetings regularly, and have been greatly blessed, and though as children we have been at times a little wayward, yet we hope that under the wise and prudent counsel of our president, and the excercise of a great deal of patience on her part, wo have made some improvement in our manners, in our habits, and that our faith in God our Father has increased, and that we are better able to understand the gospel of His Son, Jesus Christ. We feel assured, therefore, that your labors have not been in vain, and we pray for you that you may live long upon ;the earth, that, your valuable services in the defence of truth and right may thus be continued, and that you may have joy in your labors, for we know that you will ever be remembered in the hearts of the children of the Latter-daSaints in the Tenth and in that the future wdl rise up Ward, many and call you blessed. We now, therefore, a?k you to accept this slight token of our regard, as a memento to which you may in the' future refer and know that you are remembered by the Primary Association of the Tenth Ward. The president, Mrs. McLean, was presented with a handsome motto,44 Praise God from whom all blessings flow," etc., wrought with silk and beautifully framed, made and given by Miss Lydia Bui lough, y ipi PRIMARY ASSOCIATION. The following notice will show what Primary children can do for YAou. On the 23d of April, 1881, the Primary Association of East Bauntiful held their second annual meeting. The children met at half past one o'clock. After the opening exerckes the time was taken up by the children. Songs were sung, recitations given, also select reading and dialogues. Brother Anson Call the children aud gave them some very good counsel and expressed himself very much ed with the proceedings. A few, of the pleaswere present. After the meeting closedparents Presi dent Ann Dustin, with her assistants passed round refreshments to the children, orauges. candy, cakes, etc., all partook cheerfully and were well satisfied and left the tabernacle much theu-addresse- d ' pleased. On the 16th of March previous the Primary Association gav an entertainment in the ? ' There are no doubt many still living who remember the perilous times in Kirtland. I can recollect a time when it was unsafe for a woman or child to be found alone oii the street hud to be after sundown; and when closely guarded or they were robbed by students who came from Willoughby, andUhought it no sacrilege to dissect a "Mormon" dead or alive. To illustrate, I will relate one or two incidents; A young girl named Rhoda Ballard ( who was living in the family of Bishop N. K. Whitney, aud was afterwards married to his brother Lyman) started near sundown to go to her Aunt's who lived on the opposite sde of the river that runs through Kirtland, there was a foot bridge across it; but jnst as she came to it two young men riding in a buggy stopped and invited her to ride across which she declined, they then urged her and she was about to accept when the horses commenced rearing and being frightened she started to run when one of them who had got out to help her in tried to put a plaster over her mouth, but missing his aim, her screams were heard by a man near by who came to her rescue; when the fiends saw him they dropped her and drove swifllv across the river towards Willoughby. -- This is no fiction, as the following will also 'be remembered by many, more especially by members of Ezekiel Johnson's family who were then living near neighbors to us under the hill as we came down from Chagrin southeast of Kirtland. Several of them died from consumption and were buried on the hill near their house, they had to be guarded and I was informed that for weeks they were in the habit of tying a strong rope to a bier, which was turned over the grave and the other end to the arm of some one who slept up stairs; for each one who died, this course was pursued; three or four of that family are now living in the southern part of this -- the-'crave- Territory. One of their sisters that died had beeu .our teacher in Sunday School which she kept at their house. We w ere in the habit of reciting own infant years. childhood of the old familiar faces and scenes that we loved so wcll,but all, all are gone from our sight, and should not this remind us that "life is but a spanf Then let us see that we are walking in the straight and narrow path that when our journey is ended, we will not feel ashamed to meet our Maker. V On the loth, of June at nine A. M., my father and brethren bade adieu to their families and friends in Kirtland and started without purse or scrip to preach the Gospel in a foreign land, the first Elders to Great Britain. My - mother and children with a number of brethren and sisters accompanied them to Fairport. Sister Mary Fielding, who afterwards became the wife of Hyrum Smith, gave my father five dollars with which he paid the passage of himself and Brother Hyde to Buffalo. If I remember rightly she lived with my mother from that time until married to Brother Hyrum The following is the preface to a pamphlet' published by Robert B, Thompson giving an account of my father's first mission to Great Britain and the commencement of the work'of the Lord in that land. "It is well known to the Church of Jesus Saints as well astdtho Christ of Latter-da- y community in general; that the labors of the Elders have not been confined to this continent, but that the sound of the Gospel of Jesus Christ has been heard upon the Islands of the Sea; and in Great Britain numbers have heard and rejoiced in the same. Some communications have been published by the Elders who have visited that land, which were read with deep interest by the Saints, who werejnformed in the last number of the "Elders Journal," published in Far West, Missouri; that I intended to publish a pamphlet giving a detail of all the principal transactions of the Elders, while in England; which publication was ardently desired by the Church, and more particularly by those who had formerly dwelt, and whose friends yet resided there. But on account of the unparalleled persecution which has taken place, and the scattered condition of the Saints, the publication of the same has been delayed. Although the Saints have endured great afflictions, and suffered m any things yet their desire for the prosperity of the cause of truth and rightousness, is not abated; and their anxiety to. hear of the labors of the servants of the Lord in a distant nation is probably greater portions or whole chapters to her from the New Testament and how delighted we felt when she presented us with pretty little Primers containing "Babes in the Woods' "Robin Hood" etc., etc. The mention of this brings to mind so many sweet remembrances of "the long ago" when life and all was new and bright and fair. "And all was sunshine in each little breast." 'f was there we chased the 6lipper by the sound; And turned the blindfold hero round and round. 'Twas here at eve, we form'd our fairy ring, And fancy fluttered on her wildest wing, Giants and genii chain'd each wondering ear, And orphan sorrows drew tho ready tear. Oft with the babe we wander'd in tho wood, of Robin Hood: Or view'd the forest-feast- s ( )ft fancy led at midnight's fearful hour. With Rtartling step we scaled the lonely tower; O'er infant innocence to hang and weep, Murdor'd by xufllan hands when smiling in its 6leep.' "Lull'd in the countless chambers of tho brain, Our thoughts aro link'd by many a hidden chain. Awake but one, and Id, what myriads rise I Each stamps its image as tho other flies. Each as tho various avenues of sense Delight or sorrow to the soul dispense, Brightens or fades yet all with magic art, Control the latent fibres of the heart." Roger's Pleasures of memory. than ever. A belief that the persual of the Journal of Elder Kimball would be a source of comfort to the Saints, and a cause of rejoicing to those who have had to drink of the cup of sorrow and 'affliction, and likewise a source of information and instrnction to the Saints generally, has induced me to publish the same to the world. The generality of the Saints are acquainted with Elder Kimball, whose labor of love arid humility is known by all who have had the pleasure of his acquaintance: while his uniform conduct and humdity since he has been a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, while engaged in different offices, and in circumstances the most trying and painful, render it superfluous for me to attempt to pass any eulogium on his character, and speak louder than volumes in his praise My acquaiutance with him commenced in the spring of 1837. Feeling a deep interest in the mission about to betaken to my native country, I cultivated an acquaintance with all those who were going there; and itwa3 no small gratification tome when I learned that Brother Kimball was to have the superintendence of that mission. The day appointed for the departure of the Elders to England having arrived, I stept into the house of Brother Kimball to ascertain when he would startTasT I expected to acompany him two or three hundred miles; intending to spend my labors in Canada that season. The noor being partly open, I entered, y v ' These lines from that beautiful little Poem are so expressive and they remind us of our Bear are the memories of 