' fll I , ft f t ij. .7 0 WOM AN ' S "EX P ON E..HT. 'w t I ' T I The trees are loaded with frui t , till they bend beneath the heavy burden. Vegetation is more abundant in all its forms than usual. Even the flowers have been more luxuriant and full,' and Never Was fragrance tweeter ih; proportion. there a lovelier summer than the present' one; Nature has worn her most royal robes of beauty , and hill, dale, grove and woodland have rejoiced the heart, and cheered and gladdened the eye of man. The sisters in their various organizations have, from time to time, been accumulating In their bins and 'storehouses, little by little, aud It has seemed uphill work, and sometimes their courage almost failed. In this plentiful season perhaps much larger quari titles may be gattiered ms to suggest np and preserved. Every tfcing the approach of great changes in nations nd governments and in view of this, and. the fulfilment of the predictions of seera and; Wise men, it is well to "lay up something against a rainy day," a day of Jess prceperity. Bread is more precious and desirable than gold, or silver, or gems. It is the duty of every wife, of every mother to use her influence to promote agriculture, for unless the earth is tilled and its products cultivated, of what benefit would be all tne gold of Golccnda, Utah, Nevada, or all the precious gems of the whole earth? Then let us encourage the dignity of the farmer, the gardener and all, who follow the profession of bur Father Adam, and maintain the dignity of Ruth, who was not ashamed to go and glean. Then, perchance, there may W some landowners liberal enough to leave a few sheaves for the pretty gleaners in the harvest field. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EHHEUf&Il'WELM, 'f;PnttW' . in Salt Lake City, Utah ' t1traV'0inti6jyi one y&r,'$3r00; one copy atr months" Ten ooplesJfe the price of ttrne. AdYertlaing rites: XchBqniirB, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to ) 'regular adYertiaera. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council Flonse. Sooth Temple Street. Business hours from 1Q. m, to 5 pym.' eVerr f7 except Sunday. Address all business communications to ' Publisher Womax's Exfokiht, ' '," ', Salt Lake City Utah. ":,y ., j v to-xponthl- y, '. fiAitXE CITY, - SEPTEMBER 1, 1881. ( WAITING. President Qabfield, so long a severe sufv ferer, and seemingly near his appointed time for release from suffering, still lingers on the border of the: shadowy Jand. The physicians at the present express considerable hope, and Mrs. Gar' field, a Brm faith in his recovery, a conviction that in . his case "a miracle will be The of wrought." sympathies the nation are with her in this trying hour, and it must be a source of satisfaction in the midst of such a fiery ordeal to know that all the people are Interested and thousands sending tip petitions toHihi who rides and overrules and holds We destiny "of nation In' His inrad?, that He Will spare1 the life of thls'fcreat man,: the Chief xtxecutive of the Amerlcanlpufjlfc. and fortitude in the mfdst of her earnest solicitude for the welfare of her husband is another proof of woman's strength of enduronce uniler more than ordinary' affliction, ' A'few moro ''.days at least will determine the fmrtAntgaweion, whether president Garfield ,?Wy-i?fflint'torally after so great a w the grim monster death. MeantWS1. the nation U, waiting in anxious and praytime, erful suspense, for that the, people loved him is : r i , : : SECRETARIES Y. t,. M. I. A. The Stake Secretaries of Y. L. . , , &y; iifp Witik grain. through.1 the1' cotonins ;or NEN-p' ,' the 'WoatAN's Expo- and uttnractice th e iound ad vl ce then rt .'8r fyjH'nai en made id save &ome grain each' yearand the t sisters' have not been unmindful of the counsel they received, Tut in thU season of plenty there might beajraost as much done as in aW ih preceding years, the prosperity seems to be so much greater. If this golden opportunity v goes by, and the people become careless and indifferent tocoun-- . set, because of the;.great abundance which the Lord has given, it might be: a source of sorrow in days to come. !Be wise in time and Jay by a porUonofthe grain with whichyour labors have been crowned. Do not think it Of less consequence because of its aburidance. Tbircounsel was not given for one season, op it wo but;inor-derthat there might be eomethhrgt reservedi against a time of scarcity,; atlme tof 'fa'mfne, which has been prophiesied "of by ahcieTir knd modern prophets, and will be sure to come Boon-e- r or later, notwithstanding that at tnt present ' time there seems to be no lack of any good menda-Me'efib- 1 i . 4 i Mi I I. A. are . Conference. This has never yet been done, be-- : cause Stake Secretaries iiave failed to send in proper reports. Tbofe tvho have repor ted in full from date of organization need tnly send from date of former statistics. " It is an important matter and should be promptly attended to. The Secretary of the Central Board is expected to hand in 'the full report two or three days previous to the October Conference. Bear Lake Btake, Box Elder 'acrid Weber sent Tery' creditable reports last year, but thre were not Vlany from several other localities, sb it 'would :have been Very unsatisfactory to attempt a complete report,' ahd was therefore laid over to the present year. Be sure and state number of branches in ihe Btake, as well as number of m embers,and all other' items worthy of mention, not forget-tiu- g the editing of manuscript papers. Direct all reports to the Secretary',. Ioule Wellsj" Office Woman's Exponent, Sajt Lake City. " . -- In consideration bffthe bountiful harvest of wheat and other grain which the people in this valley are blest with, we would sugeest that the sisters recall Wmlrid ttie ecruest'mlde of ihem jby Prealdeht prlgam Vbuhg in the fall of 1876, J M... earnestly requested to send in complete reports (which will comprise eachj branch) tp theitSecre-tar- y of the Central Board, h early as the middle of September,' that an accurate report of all the organizations may be presented to the October , evident on every hand, , Fay" among'iiteMrynd'' scientific '.'people, Is In tb give spending a feays two of her speclai ecienti the Theatre, .Friijay and ti.Siieill In! the' late" issue of the Errata. in IExponent "Sceia'eV'ln" Kauvoo,w by No. 6, Helen Mar Wriitney1, & passage occurs in her mother's letter like this; "Joseph has been afraid by the spirit" H should read: "apprised ' ; by the spirit." Womens Confjbbences;?,' Cache Stake will be held in Logan, Saturday and Sunday, the 3d and in'the-article- . . 4th; Weber Stake will be held in OgdebV Thurs-day- , Friday and Saturday, 8th, 9th and 10th. Tooele Stake in Tooele City, Saturday and Sunday, 10th and lltb.; Box Elder Stake at Brigh am City, 13th and 14th and Sanpete Stake at Moroni, 16th and ITth: Salt1 Lake Stake at Salt : Lake City,.d Whd th Knit's. The Children's iFair Lake County for-Sal- t will be held in the Social Hall in this City in September, commencing Septemer 22dj and not 15th, as stated previously. It Will, continue three days, under the auspices of MrsJ Ellen C. 8. ('lawson and her" counselors 'and assistants. Particulars will be given in the Deseret News and the Exponent bf September 15. Prices of admission will be," adults 10 cents, children 5 cents. f The children of the Primary Association of West Jordan Ward? have prOven what can be short time by five cent accomplished in' Tem pronations. In three months their fund amounted to six'ddliars and sixty 'cents, which their presideh t, M iinl IJilza Bi rd, jpald over to Bishop Hunter on' Thursday, August 25th. It is encouraging to see the little ones making auch noble efforts towards .building up ZIon, setting aq examplejvprthy of imitation by many who are negligent in these matters. " y " Mrs.-darfiels'cCHir- j Annie Eva Fay Pingree, known as "Eva The meeting of the ladles in the Fourteenth- Whnf "Assembly Rooms, Satursemi-month- ly day. August 27th, was very interesting. President E. R. S. SniftH presided. Opened by singing, M We thank Thee, O God, -- for a prophet;" prayer by ifconriselor B: W Smith; singing1, Let Zion in her beauty rise' r Mind tesWeie read "from'tne-nrLv UitSKl of the1Thlnl'Waf(f and from two Primary Associations. Sister 'rfciiza ' made somo excenerii remark8,v-whicwereery gratifying to' the sisters, aW suggested those in the audience1 sliou 'occupy the . time. $Miy testimonies' were1, borne of the manifestation of poWer of God, and a goodly portion of the Holy Spirit' rested ugon the congregation. Towards the, close, of the meeaig ! Counselors B. W,8mltfiarid jr1e:.,obrutrWdreas the mee tih?. Singing, my ,Father,f prater by Counselor P. Woodruff. Meetingej.; adjourned for two' weeks. r , , A Select party: of thelffiends of Dr J Romania B. Pratt, met at her residence on the evtrrtinc' of August 8, Ult., to celebrate' (he kntiiikvi-nl ; h tJ!Wg HOME AFFAIRS. The Primary Associations of Box Elder and Utah Counties each Fair this Fall. exj-ec- t to have a Children . Bisters M. Isabella- - Horne and Elmina S Taylor have gone North to attend the Risterj Conferehce In Biat IAe State; Mrs. Zina D. Young and 'DrJIen' B Ferguson arrived safely in New. Yoxk They traveled in company with Lieut. , ; t. Wjllard Young. Bister Eliza RJ'Bnow's book, "Cation, "and Ahswers whlch shenas"Vecentiy beeri"en-gage- d in preparing, is now in the hands of ihe printers at therik&'lfe iHtdAclor Offlce. AheV fron bnfyj&ifu :unav6idablyabenWas fits valdabio presents; abbepted ' theWentimeiit :of ; those; verse. w :n;j.t"fu'! .a "j" h f usemb)el. n '.r. v- - ':i'nt:.i" hen. Ate. J: iuopeppie ajpg, wurmouabJe that Institution with the title of many ihe loft M. D., which 