WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. E HUE LINK B. WELLS, Editor. Published MraimonthIy, In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy tlx months $1.00 Ten copies for tha price of nine. .AdTertlsing rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Boom of the Council House, Sonth Temple Street. Business hoars from 10 a. m. loS p. m. rtry day except Sunday. Addrc&s all bnalnm com m an ications to '"' Publisher Womah's Expomnrr, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. NOVEMBER 15, 1881. WOMAN SUFFRAGE IN UTAH. 'The sages say, Dame Truth delights to dwell, Strange mansion! In the bottom of a well. Questions are, then, the windlass and the rope That pnll tha grave old gentlewoman up." Ia an article republished inJBoston, Mass., by the Woman's Journal of October 22nd, (a very ably edite 1 suffrage paper, and a popular advocate of measures to advance the cause of political equality for men and women,) there are many egregieus errors made in regard to woman euffroge In Utah. The Woman's Exponent has been invited to refute tbem, and we willingly We heartily thank reply to the Journal. for the few impartial Mr. Black well word) of comment upon the article In question. The unknown writer says: "The ballot to Mormon women in Utah la only another brand ofjliameupon their brows." Wecannot undertake to explain the real meaning of the sentiment bo strongly expressed by the writer. However, we may be permitted to give our idea of the potency oi lh La) Jot ia tbo bands of Mormon women. It cannot but be apparent to any logical reaioner, that the women of Utah hold their political and social destiny largely in their own hands by means of the franchise; and notwithstanding the insinuations as to their want of Judgment In exercising this privilege, not be they will blackguarded into to for men hold office voting who have so little respect for honorable wives, mothers and daughters as to stigmatize them with names too vile for utterance. Mormon womep as a class, are eminently qualified to vote intelligently, that is, to vote for the best men, and those whom they think most thoroughly capable of filling positione of honor and trust in the interests of the whole peopli w They have no disposition whatever to vote for men who spend their salaries in cigars and whiskey and othtr degrading vices, and who would destroy the very institutions they have been engaged in founding. Not only but have learned so, they by bitter experience, what unprincipled rulers will do? when they have the power. There may be and possibly are, women here who are ignorant of the power vested In the ballot, and who do not comprehend the right of suffrage properly; it would be strange Indeed if there were not, as It Is a new feature in woman's career; but In this respect it la only an off-efor there are men, and men have been citizens of the Republic for a Century and more, who have no true appreciation of the ballot and who sell their votes to the highest bidder. Ever sir.ee the franchise was granted to the women of Utah,they have labored, through the systematic organizations that exist throughout the Territory, to educate both the women and children, of the Territory, to a proper under, standing of the; principles, and executive power t, of the government of the country, and a just realization of the importance of political equalto ity. Mormon women not only go the polls and vote, but they attend political, several Primary and school meetings in their respective districts, and the most perfect liberty is accorded them for the expression of sell and transact business as they like. That is the best law which provides for the maintenance of all citizens, instead of favoring a few. The right of dower, as it is called, would deprive the plural wife of any privilege in sharing the property of her husband, and would debar her children from a share of the family estate. And while the law as it stands is better for all, it is equally good for the single, Individual wife.. This law was approved February 16, 1872, and the bill must have been signed by the Governor of the Territory, to make it valid, which Governor was verily not a Mormon, nor in favor of Mormon principles. We publish in full the act. , their with the opinions upon subjects connected nominations to be made, or of their views In securing the most excellent methods of govern, ment. In almost every district women are chosen as delegates to the county conventions, and when assembled in the capacity of active an take part a convention nomiare some always in the proceedings, and that are committees several nated upon the called to act in the interest of the whole. Women also form a part of the Territorial and County Central Committees. Owing to the unfortunately adverse views of the late Governors of Utah upon woman suffrage, the women of Utah are not yet entitled to hold any office of emolument or trust within the gift of the people. .. When Utah has a Governor liberal enough towards women to sign the bill passed by the Legislature, to remove the only difficulty now in the way of their holding office, then there will be an opportunity to see what the suffrage has done towards qualifyin g women to fill important positions in the Territory, that is if the people should nominate and cast a ma jority of votes for a woman. Intelligent, consistent women will naturally vote for those, who maintain the institutions which they believe to be for the highest elevation of the human race. Men who practically sustain places which degrade and lead astray the young, ignorant and unwary, must not expect virtuous, highminded women to vote for them to fill any office, which would add to their influence t)r power- - Were they to do this, they would be aiding in the destruction of the very government, it is their imperative duty to maintain. Mormon women vote for their own highest interest, and the men who they believe will best subserve that interest. Would they not be lacking in wisdom to vote for men who persecute and denounce them, and who are continually urging upon Congress the necessity of severe measures in dealing with the Mormons, And calling upon priests and people everywhere to come to their aid and suppress Mormon insti- tutions. ' The secret ballot in Utah, of which all may not be aware, gives every individual full liberty to vwte as he or she pleases, without the knowledge of another, so that any undue authority or compulsion cannot possibly be exercised in the actual casting of votes. As to whether Mormon women are independent in thought, one only needs to make themselves acquainted with facts. They not only think for themselves, but they are fast becoming educated in the intelligent expression of the views they hold on all subjects. The development of mind is strengthened by expression and interchange of idea, and through the complete system of organization which extends to the most remote towns and villages of Utah, there is a broad field of expansion for the capabilities of women. All industrial occupations are open to woman alike with man. In regard to the rigi.t of dower, to which the article alluded to refers, it is only fair to state that women in Utah are citizens equa'ly with men; they stand precisely in the same position as regaids property rights, as well as taxes, ivhich removes the necessity of the right of dower. Women here have the htmestead whether married or single they cah holdprivilege; property lu their own name, and are to required pay taxes in the eame proportion as men; they can buy or . the Property Bights Married Persons. An Act concerning op "Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Governor and legislative Assembly of Utah : That all prop- i erty owned by either spouse before marriage,and that acquired afterward by gift, bequest, devise or descent, with the rents, issues and profits thereof, is the separate property of that spouse ty whom the same is so owned or acquired, and separate property owned or acquired as specified above, may be held, managed, controlled, trans, ferred and In any manner disposed of by the spouse bo owning or acquiring it, without any limitation or restriction by reason of marriage. Sec. 2. "Either spouse may sue or be sued, plead or be impleaded, or defend and be defended at law. right of dower shall exist or be allowed in this Territory." The "Woman's Journal," or any other paper or persons, can judge for themselves in regard to the justice of this law. We remember when a girl in the old Bay State of hearing our mother, "Sec. 3. No who by the bye was a woman, conJLhe of Bhe about "right dower;" grumbling sidered the law very lame indeed in this respect. So if some one grumbles about the law m Utah, it is no more than people do elsewhere. In regard to misrepresentations and misstatements, It would be useless to attempt to cou trail let all that people say against the Mormons. We are glad of an opportunity, however, to present the facts in regard to the ballot in Utah, which is perfectly consistent with the genius of Mormonism, for Mormon women have always voted upon all religious questions. It is a fact that cannot be denied that the Mormons are the old settlers here; Mormon women have the suffrage and they exercise It In the fear of God, t8 a gift from Him under the impulse of the age in strong-minde- d the progress of reform. HERE AND THERE. On Monday Nov. 7, In company with Sisters E, R. 8. Smith, E. Howard, E. Taylor and Louie Felt we left this city to visit Payson and other places in Utah County. At Provo we werejoined by Ma Smoot, as she is affectionately called, the President of Relief Societies In Utah Stake. We arrived at Payson and spent a pleasant evening at the hospitable home of Brother and Sister Douglas. On Tuesday morning the Relief Society assnmbled in the meeting house Mrs. B. J. Simons presiding. After and singling, prayer reading of minutes, and a fow remarks by Mrs. ISimons, Ma Smoot delivered an eloquent, address upon the develop- a ment and advancement of woman, and plural mafriage, expressed'; her behjf - that these organizations betmade women ter mothers, wives and citizens; but her strong point is Celestial Marriage, upon which she Is theoretically and practically qualified to speak. Sister Eliza touched upon many topics Interestingly and most earnestly, indeed we have never heard her speak better or more , 