WOMAN'S EXPO NENT. 117 i benches in fore we left, a little before ten, the the body of the hall were removed and the to the melodious jj.rht fantastic toe tripped strains of stirring music. It is almost worse than nothing for me to attempt to describe the touching ceremonies of thit interesting day and lively imagination may make up ths deficiency," Sister .Eliza and Zlna, wives of the Prophet Joseph, were seated on the stand beside President McAllister, and both responded toan'urgent request to speak. Brother Jacob Gates, master of ceremonies, interceded with Sister Eliza to write something for the occasion, which she did although her time was so constantly employed that it seemed impossiis'ib Y. Gates read the article from the ble. stand we have been promised a copy sometime. evening. Yur COMING AND GOING. observed an in"So is Christmas coming, credulous person last July, in a vague sort of way, as though the reality of the expression was Nevertheless, Christmas has come and gone once more, and now the bright glad face of another New Year comes upon us. w. Yes, bright, and glad and happy is the welcome face of the year 1881; new now, but soon, so very soon to be counted old; and then, almost before we can think, with the past! It is a glad and welcome time, for many reasons. The beginning of the new year is the blessed time when all strife and malice, all envyings, bickerings and jealousy should be laid aside. When every one should determine to do more good and less harm in the coming twelve months than in the year just closed. It is a time when all hearts should overflow with gratitude to the Great Giver of all good for the kindly care and blessings He has bestowed upon His creatures during the past year. Saints sound Especially should the Latter-da- y praises to the Lord this day for the providential hand which has been over them. Has He not wrought out for them a wonderful salvation in not permitting their enemies to gain power over them, notwithstanding the various attempts which have been made to bring about their overthrow? Has He not poured out blessings of plenty upon His people in all necessary things? And has He not touched the hearts of those who have more than sufficient for themselves, so that they have divided with their less fortunate neighbors in a manner, that is calculated to call forth a continuance of his mercies? As a people, surely we ha se great cause to rejoice in renewed faith and trust and good determinations. And who can not recall to mind nameless evidences of individual blessings received from on high? There may be, nay, there are hearts who mourn even at this blessed time. For each day must be a time for sorrowing with some of earth's inhabitants. Let us extend to all such, appropriate greetings, heartfelt sympathies; and like true children of our Father, mourn with those who mourn, as well as rejoice with those very questionable. who rejoice. When an opportunity for doing good presents itself, seize it quickly, let it not pass; for time moves more and more rapidly as year after year goes by. We shall have little enough time to make ready for the things which are coming upon us. Let us be watchful and prayerful, and not be taken unawares. Lula. .cAFFAIRS. m HOME The ghow windows have made an elaborate display this year during the holidays. All the varieties of children's toys and everything suitable and desirable for Christmas and New Year's gifts could be obtained at reasonable prices. One her, which .we publish, it convoys a very true and beautiful idea of her estimable , life and " character. might easily imagine the genius of fairy land had paid Salt Lake a visit. The little folks have certainly had an abundant supply this time. Bible Almanac, by J. H. Heman, prepared for 1881, is a neat little work of 24 pages, price 15 cents, printed at the Deseret News office. It is a purely home production, and on that account should be eneourasred. It ram tains a of Scripture for every day in the year, suitably selected, besides many others easv for reference. The preface is short and expressive, and it also contains several well written essays, and the usual amount of data concerning the sun, moon, eclipses, etc. The Home Dramatic Club have received' much applause and considerable praise for the admirable acting in the play of "Pique," which was'selected forthe holidays. The piece is par ticularly pleasing in all its appointments tanu has been very attractive, and drawn good houses four times in succession. It has been remarked by those who have eeen the best actors in Europe and America that certain parts could not be played better by experienced actors. Miss Lottie Claridge as "Raitch" was a complete success, also Hebe Wells as "Dymple," and J. D. Spencer as "Gill," Miss Nellie Colebrook as "Mable Renfrew" looked perfectly the fashionable New York belle, and her hasty marriage and being ushered into a Puritanical, New England home was true to the life. O. F.Whitney as "Matthew Standish" the head of the household was exceedingly natural. In fact all did well and deserve due praise and encouragement from the patron of the drama. We are glad to aunounce to our little friends of the Primary Associations, that the Tune Book to accompany the TJhildrWi Primary Hymn - INSCRIBED TO MRS. ELIZABETH ANN "WHITNEY, on mito , ,:;r frio-.id- i yz. OBITUARY. in Salt Lake City, of aged 79 pneumonia, Dr. William Ferguson, years, 8mon ths and 16 days. Dochfour House, Dr. Ferguson was born at 1801. He near Inverness, Scotland, March 11th, was educated at the University of Edinburgh, medical where he took both the theological and to his life course, with a view of devoting work Jn India. Domestic afflictions consummation of this purhaving prevented the of a Congregational pose, he accepted the charge the time Church in Oxfordshire, England. At agitation, he threw himof the of the League, self heart and eoul into the work and was the principal writer in the The reCircular published by the League. accomplished he peal of the Cora Laws being efforts on behalf devoted himself to philan thropic n English peasantry, ad was of the the condition of so successful in ameliorating was on more than thousands of them, that he committee of the one occasion sent for by a w House of Commons, and a PuWictimonial of his presented to him as an acknowledgment 1860 he emigrated to serrices to humanity. In civil war .edited a dem- Am to! and during the in Ohio with energy and tataf. violence. In 1875 ness tathTface of mob ruleandnewandeverlast the gospel of the vLnt in IUInoto through the preaching of Died, November 27, 1830, mis-siona- ry the birth of Sister Elizabeth Ann Whitney, the most illustrious women connected with Latter-daSaints; the Church of Jesus Christ of as the blemish whose life has been as free from in any age or life of any woman who ha lived' her at time. Several of the sisters called upon 17th Ward, the house of her daughter, in the ua ...u i,nn residiriir for some time, unis now free able to leave her room, though she m uuuj. from suffering, but weafc ana ieeo,e ner nm w u. The sisters held a meeting in Fresendia L. Kimwas presided over by Sister not well enough to ball "Mother Whitney" is to a meeting, and as she enjoys a go anywhere than any other it seemed o spiritual feast more in this in keenin" to celebrate her birthday, one present expressed themselves w and many reminis-encesVein a few word, of blessing, recalled by those who had been long cheer- with her. She was bright and f y -- re Wited Elder Isaac was over all. Her addressed to in and read the poem Game : Isaac Ghoo. Dec. 26, was the 80th anniversary of son-in-la- kbo. 26th, 1830. Thousands by cruel fate distressed Her sympathetic heart hath blest, Her words of consolation giren, Have fallen like the dews from heaven, And made the restless soul repose, As dew revives thedrooplngVoe. Unnumbered, bleeding hearts of grief. Have found in them a calm relief, And from her placid artless face, Hare found a balmy sweet solace. How puro must bo that loving heart. That can to sorrowing souls impart A consolation and a eharm, That will affliction's sting disarm, And pour into the aching breast, The healing balm of peace and rest, Andll the throbbing heart with cheer, When hope, has fled and all is drear. How rare 'mong mortals, 'tis to see A being from all vices free. Yet hero is one whoso years fourscore, Are all with virtnes written o'er. A life without a sinful spot, Without a blemish or a blot. This dear one has with patience borne, The!persecntor's bitter scorn, Fromills and cares though often faint, Tet all endared witberai complaint.;; In cold adversity's dark day, ncr feet have kept the "Narrow' way," In constancy that path fihe trod, With true fidelity to God. His recompense to this dear friend, Is life, and bliBB, without an end. has collected a number of familiar tunes and.arr while others ranged them to appropriate hymns, have had tunes written expressly for them. will be glad to have a tune Our little book of their own, and we hope they will learn the tunes, so that their primray maetings will of be full of joy and singing,for"outof the mouth babes and sucklings, Thou hast perfected praise. The Tune Book is the same si.e as the Sunday handSchool Tune Book, is bound in cloth, with and some vignette, contains 40 pages of music and cents each, 59 tunes. The price will be 40 at the offices of the copies can be purchased JuveWoman's Exponent, Deseret News and Orders from the country will nile Instructor. for postage. please remit rive cents per copy E. B. F. one-o- SOtHWth-di- t To one whose pure exalted mind, With purity of life combined, I now attune my artless lay, On this recurring natal day. To one whose days are marked with loTe, As seraph from the realms shore. And all along her lengthened yt ars, Faith, Hope and Charity, appear, And Friendship, Lore and truth dlrine, With pn rest pympathy combine. It Book, is printed and ready for distribution. who R. Snow, has been compiled by Sister Eliza Sunday, hse Anti-Corn-La- w Anti-Bread-T- down-trodde- ax 