WOMAN'S EXPONENT the possession of it alone happiness, if they could only optain enougn 01 it, And those persons who crave for mpney to procure ease, self-indulgen- ce and prominence among their The first shut out all happiness 'by hardening their hearts against sympathy, and even fair dealings, in order to more effectually amass riches. Their condition is rank avarice, it knows neither the twin sister of fanaticism bounds nor satisfaction, and their dissappoint-raen- t is their everlasting inferno. The second class, not having shut out all on the kindly feelings for their much attached to them, contrary? being very as necessary to their ease, comfort and aggrandizement, enjoy some degree of happiness, while youth and health accompany wealth; fellow-being- s. fellow-being- s, but as soon as old age with its infirmities overtakes them, the enchantment under which they have lived bursts like a bubble, revealing to them the vast eternity for which they are totally unprepared, and leaving them nothing but disappointment and regret. Riches, then, are not the mainstay of happi ness, but a good .servant in its cause, if under the direction of a wise master. Observation teaches me to look for happiness among the clashes of comparatively humble life; The young man who carves his own way to prosperity, by frugality, industry and steady, studious habits, is made happy in the respect and confidence he creates around him; he notices his neighbor's errors only to steer clear of them; his noble aspirations buoy him up before difficulties and obstaclesin the encounter of which the slothful fall an easy prey. He sees the autumn of his life set in full of satisfaction for the labors he has performed, and at peace with himself and his God he has no dread of the opening of a future life. The same refers also to women, although in a different sphere. The woman who shirks the responsibilities which her AUwise Creator has imposed upon her, misses the true source of her happidess. The frivolous pleasures which she prefers to the performance of honorable and sacred duties, will cause her very desolation. Girls who spend their precious time in scanning the fashion books and reading trashy novels, and trying to ape the heroine of a dime novel, grow up into giddy women, who talk of the duties and responsibilities of a wile and mother as slavery and drudgery. Comforting and helping our life companion and protector, slavery? Training up sweet babyhood into noble manhood and womanhood, drudgery? I would such blessed a task ! with that every woman was There is no drudgery in laboring for those whom we love. Choose for your partner an g man, bestow intelligent, honest, the confidence and respect upon him that you wish to be the recipient of, and never fear but happiness will come to you in daily installments, even in the midst of misfortune and sickness; for a true woman is happiest when she can bless and happify. There is sweetness even in sorrow well endured, and a sublime satisfaction in the consciousness of duties faithE. C. E., F. fully performed. Morgan City. God-fearin- WOMEN PHYSICIANS. The Public Ledger, of Phil., has an editorial entitled "The Doctor Crop," and states that the medical institutions of that city have turned out within one week 422 graduates. Of this number nineteen are ladies, and it is wisely remarked that women physicians have their own province, and that "It is not they who interfere with tjie masculine practitioners, as the wisest of these now agree, but are aids, complementary, and even essential helpmeets in theproper advance of gynaecology." The same paper gives an account of the An 183 i ri nuai commencement of the Woman's Medical College of Philadelphia, and speaks of the valedictory of Prof. Rachel L. Bodley (Dean ot the College) as being "a valuable contribution to medical literature." "In this Dr. Bod- ley made what is in many respects a new departure for such occasions, her theme being an exhibit to the new graduates of th$ work accomplished by their Alma Mater in the thirty years of the existence of the college, as exhibited in the careers of her 276 daughters sent out as medical graduates during that time. To enable herself to speak with precision, Dr. Bodley sent to each of the 244 surving graduates (thirty-tw- o had diecTin the thirty years) a circular containing eight questionsto which she solicited answers. The questions were designed to cover the prominent features in the experience of the medical women graduated k by the college, in the practice of their its professional character, its pecuniary rewards, its social status, its teaching work, its membership in medical societies, and finally that important question in Sociology touching the influence of the study and practice of medicine upon woman's relations as wife and mother. Of the 244 surviving graduates, answers were received from 181, and of this number 151 are in active practice as doctors; the remaining thirty having given up for various reasons, among which are domestic duties, philanthropic work, other business, poor health, retired old age, and in some instances no reason was assigned. The rest of this interesting story is given in Prof. Bodley's own words." The second question, relating to the predominating character of the medical practice of those actively engaged, is answered as gynaecological predominating; showing that woman's greatest work is among women. The third question, concerning the social status of the woman physician, brings forth encouraging replies, for out qf 151 who answer thisr qtissnoff, 144 report oraiai reeagnxioiw are enTo the fourth interrogation nity-nin- e medical gaged either in hospitals, asylums or schools. The fifth question relates to the monetary-valuof the medical practice per year, and is ladies. The average answered by seventy-si- x income is found to be $2,907.30 each. Question sixth relates to the work for which fitted, that of medical woman is answer this question affirmateacher; fifty-foand teachtively. Among these are professors ers in the medical schools of Philadelphia, New York and Chicago. The seventh interesting question relates to x their membership in medical societies. Sixty-sireply in the affirmative. "The professional ladies has been recogability of many of these nized by election to membership in more than Sevenone State or local medical organization. different medical societies in all ty-three have thus honthroughout the United States, . ored women." last and the of eighth The Ledger speaks which is curious question," question as "the worded thus: "What influence has the study doand practice of medicine had upon your Prof. mestic relations as wife and mother? for themBodley here lets the statisticsthespeak married . fifty "The answers ot selves ladies'who respond to this question tabulate as not entirely follows: Influence, favorable, 43; fWnrable 6; unfavorable, 1. as have listened "The aoni of domestic life, I in no minor ear attent, has been sungtabulated state- ley In the melody (as the Jnt few discordant notes, but a master might throw m to Chance the harmony of his strain. life-wor- e pre-emineni- ly ur E atsat but will cite the last question; we of lady graduate, 'our two wife, my.dut ea have institution. - As a fTtLeo that never been interfered with; as a mother, I have been incalculably benefitted." "My practical experience has demonstrated what my student life indicated, that professional and domestic duties are not incompatible. E. R. S. R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Centreville. The Annual Meeting of the Primary Association of Centrevillo was held March 26, 1881. Present on the stand, Bishop Nathan Chenev ami Counselors, Mrs. Aurelia S. Rogers, President of the Primary Associations of the Stake, and her Counselors, Mrs. Ann Dustin, President of the Bountiful Association, and Counselor; also of the P. A. of the Ward. After the opening exercises, the minutes and reports were read and accepted. The Scripture alphabet was then repeated by the Association, and was fol lowed by songs, recitations, dialogues, etc. After which the brethren and sisters spoke very encouragingly, and gave much good instruction and advice. Members enrolled, 131; average attendance, 75; meetings held during the year, 41; number of books in library, 5; cash received, $8.00; cash disbursed, $5.15; Amount in Treasury, $2.85. E. C. Porter, Sec'y. Liverpool. First Annual Report of the Relief Society in connection with the Liverpool Branch of the Saints. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y On December 29, 1879, a number of the sisters of the Liverpool Branch met at the house of Elder Scott Anderson (Branch President). Elder William Budge, President of the European Mission, and Elder James L. Bunt- ingr x resident ui uie xjiveipnji vuuiciuur, were present. President Bunting opened the meeting with prayer, after which President Budge delivered a very interesting and instructive address, fully explaining the work done by Relief Societies in Zion, and their incalculable value as an auxiliary agency in advancing the work of God. Elder Bunting said he would be delighted if the sisters could see their way to form such a society; after which, on the motion of Elder Anderson, the Society was duly formed. Sister E. F. Johnson was appointed President, ordained to her office by President Budge; Sister Bennet First Counselor, ordained by President Bunting; Sister Anderson Second Counselor, ordained by President Budge; Sister Mary Jane Anderson Secretary, ordained by Elder Bunt. ing. hold to resolved was weekly It meetings, and at once to enter upon active work by visconiting every, sister in the Branch; this was effort tinued nearly the whole year, and a noble was made to induce all to attend to their duties; and some little relief was afforded to the very of the sopoor. The amount at the disposal and of this, ciety for the year was only $6.37; were which carefully $2.18 was paid lor tracts, was $3.13 to house house; distributed from was cents 12 given to the sick and poor, and cents in the 90 paid for a minute book, leaving hands of the Treasurer. In presenting briefly their first annual report the Relief Society cannot adequately express their gratitude to their Heavenly Father for what little good they have been enabled to acdifficulties to complish. They have had many memberencounter; they commenced with a five were ship of eight, and during the year one ha added; of these three have emigrated, left the city and one has apostatized. Most of .the members have pressing household duties to 