WOMAN'S EXPONENT. are sent after are oblgef to go, or the officers them. on flpent mJ 22d birthday j down at Laie. In the forenoon I was at work were not the mill, but in the afternoon we that and got working toot aide up in""Ithe gulch, seen. ever have some bf the finest "oranges W brought down about a bushel, then took a sea bath, and about 7 o'clock Benjamin Cluff and Bro. Knell came down and told me that 'a. When I ar- they wanted me at Prest Cluff 'j fminrt a nativft meal SDreaa on the floor hi native style. It had been done m honor of iy birthday. Bro. Cluff said as this was my first birthday on the islands, he thought a native meal would be as appropriate as anytable was thing; L must say I enjoyed it. The laid out in the following manner: at the head of the table was a dish of poi, and at the foot a dish of pork, nicely cooked; there was also one of raw fish and one of beef, also some for a young onions. This is a great variety silk a' nice native meal. Bro. Cluff gave me handkerchief; and Sister Cluff a book, "The History of the Normans in Europe." These extracts are from a private letter written by a young. Elder to his parents. t the President and party left to visit the settle ments up the river, and return home by way of Kanab. President Minerva W. Snow, with her Coun selor, Anna S. Ivins, accompanied them as far as Rockville, where they held meetings with the Relief Societies, also at the settlements they passed through on their way home; found u all doing welL M is peace and quiet here with little to life. The vary the monotony of every-da- y is weather delightful, and were it not for the at freezing night, we would hardly realize that winter is approaching. The days are warm and pleasant, no rain or snow, either of which would be acceptable, as the dust in the streets is several inches deep. Work is still going on in the Temple, which keeps many busy, but it is truly "a labor of love," and brings with it a satisfaction that we are doing that for the dead which"they did not have an opportunity of doing for themselves. With kind regards, I remain your sister in the Gospel, E. Bentley, Cor. Sec'y. St. George, Nov. 26,1881. ; . it LETTER. ON MARRIAGE. October 29, 1881. As woman's voice is being heard on various subjects, I thought I would throw in my mite with others of my sisters. It seems that the subject of marriage is of great importance to the youth of 'the Latter-daSaints, as well as in advanced more those years. It is one of the greatest ordeals placed upon man and woman. Let us pause and consider, ere it is too late, while we have the opportunity, and teach it to our children, for as the twig is bent the tree is inclined. Let the youth of the Latter-da- y Saints understand that God has authority on earth Jto marry, that will stand through time and all eternity. An instance of the uncertainty of life has brought to my mind many reflections. How careful we should be not to y neglect those ordinances which it is our privilege to perform while living here on this earth. IjfeJa uncertain, and the duties of y should not' be neglected. We, as mothers in the Kingdom of God, should do all we can with 'theorising generation ' to make them understand rthat those ordinances pertaining to marriage should be performed here in the flesh, in order to secure eternal life and exaltation ; for we sfjftold by our Savior, there is no marrying .orC giving in marriage in the world to corner Let the Saints appear beyond the vail with the. tirb 'weddmg garment on; that' will ! to ;them pass by the angels' and enter permit into theur. glory. We hattJBome very interesting remarks from Apostle M. Thatcher and others here on this e subject (:ocwn of the fiiheral of Joel A. Hinckley. His untimely death has cast a gloom over this community, and we deeply sympain with his bereaved wife and friends. ! to-da- 1 -- fctf-th- Mary Hawks. CORRESPONDENCE. Dear , EDrroRjWe have been favored with a visit from our honored and esteemed Presidenttfohn Taylor, and company. They were 'the 'guests ' of President Erastua Snow, who had. just retumed from an arduous trip to Arizona. It wag- - a time of as this is the first time wehave had rejoicing, the pleasure of PrestTaylofa company for four years; hope to have mo such visits we know though a hard road ttfBtod? out a change does us goodwmetrmes;if it is hot of the most agree-aW- e character and makes us appreciate the good roads-Af- W Tmaiiibg here a few days, Editor Woman's Exponent: At the next Washington intended Convention it by the N. W. S. Association to make an unprecedented effort to command the attention of Congress, and to secure from that body the passage of certain Dear Madame 111 DU1S. Never has there been so favorable an opportunity to present our grievances, never so flattering a prospect of securing their redress. The question of woman's political status has become an issue in many of the States. From d of the States representatives at least will and senators go up to the National Congress conscious that their constituencies will be called upon to decide some point of the suffrage question at home within the next twelve months. or twenty-fou- r With this knowledge, before going to Washington they must already have given some thought to the problem of woman's relation to the Government, and they will thus in a measure be prepared for its consideration. It is to be hoped that the proposition for a XVIth Amendment will' be passed by the present Congress, as sixteen years have elapsed,, since we first made our demand for National Protection. Whether to be passed or again rejected, such a proposition will, without doubt, be submitted. It is moreover certain that an attempt will be made to secure the appointment of a standing committee in both houses, whose business it shall be to consider the petitions and demands of women citizens. . That the coming Convention ' may be so wisely managed as to secure from Congress the justice above indicated, it is desirable that a committee of leading suffragists, representing the different sections of the country, oe sent to Washington a fortnight preceding the date of the Convention, to do the preliminary work necessary to the best success of the meeting;. Before beginning their work at Washington it is desirable that the committee have reliable data as to the attitude of each member of Conand gress toward the Sixteenth Amendment rethe Standing Committee. We therefore quest you, either by correspondence or by personal interview with the Delegate from Your Territory, to secure such a knowledge of his views as will enable you to fill out the enclosed set of blanks. As it will be the duty of the Chairman of the Executive Committee to col late the information thus obtained, please for" ward the blanks to her address (May Wrigh one-thir- ; Ill Sewell, 405 North Pennsylvania street, Indian apolis, Indiana). , Upon the data to be thus secured, our success this winter at the National Capital very largely depends. Every report, should be in Mrs. SewalPs hands by December 15. Seggu yu neither tp neglect nor delay a we are, most cordially, response to this Yours for Equal Suffrage, app) Elizabeth Cady Stanton, President N. W. S. A. . Susan B. Anthony, Matilda Joslyn Gage, Rachel " Vice Presidents at Large. G. Foster, Corresponding Secretary. May Wright Sew all, Chairman Executive Committee. MOTHERS VERSUS DIPHTHERIA. In the life of watchfulness axl &re to which mothers are called, there is no foe so dreaded as diphtherial His approaches are- so stealthy, his comma so unexpected i that almost without - warning, his cruel hand is'at the throat of the victim, and the tonderesi love, the most watch-fu-l care, th greatest skill, are often powerless to loosen the fatal hold. Scientists tell us that this disease is a poisoning of the blood; now the blood may be poisoned either by'bad food or bad air. Bad food X do not believe to be very common in this land of plenty; good bread is the rule, and good meat is found occasionally in nearly every home. Many mothers oversee with great care the diet of their chilporridge and dren; the nourishing milk are carefully supplied, and few are pure the children accustomed to any variety of food, who do not see on some tempting dish the ban of mother's disapproval. She takes the same care to supply pure air; rooms are often aired, and any intrusion of sowar gaa, or else of a hurtful nature, is vigilantly guarded against in the home. But there her power ends; her children spend a large proportion' of their waking hours in Echool, but the tender care which elsewhere surrounds them da' arid' night cannot enter those crowded portals. Nowhere is that care more needed.' Enter the schoolroom which the city provides for your little ones, near the close of the session; aa you open the door, coming 'ftiif.Aralmnstcrasn far Cmm v f hit:J von hUV ntiM " trA j J breath.' Here are perhaps sixty little children, many of then wearing clothes not only soiled, oat-me- al anj-thin- g - XL Vv. 1 1 flllvrl nnW Tnirl? n?rtra ct twit f homes; and their bodies, perhaps never thoroughly bathed sin ce their fcabyhood. What' a ' Vw MidAniu) WVAAJVAA WV J 4Yia V imnfcrit mj &a ww '4Vtrr-m- r " nrT Tint. J fr J I by such bodies, but by sixty pairs of lungs One large schoolhouse in Boston, Chauncy Hall, justly claims to be thoroughly ventilated; but this result is accomplished at such a large exto pense, that we con hardly expect the system celeA schools. be employed in the public brated writer on sanitary subjects is quoted in the Journal of Education as saying that children ought never to be kept through an,en tire session in one room; the air becomes in a short time unfit to breathe., Xknow that efforts are made to keep the air pure by opening windows at intervals, but feUch'nieaAs cannot accomplish much where the roxjina'are so, crowded. In adin the basedition,1 the prewrnce' oTwater-closet- a ment 'is someiim'es quite evident to the visitor upstairs. In' my owrieTghbqrhood, an epito the demic or'diphthcm1tra'fflrectly school defective Eanltary condition of a primary - house; 'the conditio of 'the building" was improved:" but homes made' desolate, and parents' hearts sorely3' Wounded; "remain to bear witness to the . evil. I once saw a class of Uttle children leavnig school the end of the afternoon session; among" hem' I recognized a dear ehild, it 