WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . , l,J no language, meir eyes Ciate; Dill iney neeueu. uaiuu was C0DV6ycU an tiia.u was jucuccsiaj.j. 1 1 A I . I XI a pitch that was marvelous to those who beneui it, ana sne never again suuk into had heretofore that her trance hg inertia . i mi i ne sisiers remained11De-thrown arouna ner. ide each otner, enjoying tneir own mute lan- uage, till Betsy's eyes closed and she sank sleep, sweet and gentle as a weary infant. The distress oi saran was areadiui, out sne could now give directions, express her wishes, and it seemed the two sisters had becomcamal- amated in one. n mother! even And the poor, ifter all these years ray tears tall as 1 think of t i what she must nave suffered and endured. Talk ol martyrs! there are thousands that are not Durnt at stakes, out tney pass tnrougn ordeals ouite as sham, ouite as bitter, but i W seem to be made of such endurmp- mate- iafthat there is an immortality in their eomposi- on, even though mixed writh the earth artby." Such was certainly Mrs. Carter in sne er loneliness ,in ner strong individuality; 11 . il was stm a uouie one nits opaxum uiomer. eceived her reward in heaven ero this, and I mow it musi ue a ncn, a nouie one. After thi3 But I must return to Sarah. nrt a Uotmt Qttlinttnn chn nrrt fin W mtnrnw l m ional life, though always reclining in her bed; he became conversational and communicative, : 1 bave portrayed her in my last section. It was at this time that I again commenced o visit her, and she recounted to me much of rhat I have now written, and told me that her ong trance seemed to her only like a nights t; but all about her seemed so superior, so therealized aud spiritual, and still so "one of that what I am going to say may be iousrht a fanciful idea. It often passed i l iner mv naa iroucrn minu. spirit. ussociuLeu via ueinffs or a sunenor oruer. wuu iuux Kched over her in that long sleep, that had il her mind with heavenly knowledge, and infmae too, and had given her an under-an- d r.andinr an appreciation of God and :eavenly things, and of his dealings with the :uman family in general and ol herself in Her perfect idea of that "better particular? nd,"and a strong yearning to enter it, yet to wait his appointed time; her calm, jperior, dignified bearing, where had she all this? Where? Had she been in She" was sustained shool? Who shall say? iiily, yhy not spiritually? But like when e dream beautiful dreams and awake from iem, they pass away with the awaking, yet iey leave their influence upon us, perhaps for Who iays, perhaps never to be entirely erased. reflec-i)H3 i3 not know this? Then perhaps my upon Sarah Carter's spiritual education it may lay not be so fallacious as at first view appear to be; certain it is that she was visited the noble and the educated, with a delighted Wm. Dr. Ficklin would say, on rising to ve her, "Sarah, whenever' I visit you I go army 'ay a better man." He had been anme ot in sorts geon, had seen much of all is varied T,h?mfs. was a hiffhlv educated man, i Polished irp.nt.lp.man. nassincr in the highest often ciety of the county, yet would he me and takp that, sintrle chair by tnai numbedside, sit an hour, and rise up declaring ae was a wiser and a better man than wnen hb ame. Who her this heavenly magnetWho was her tutor? Where did she get f? a? Who shall say? AU we know she had it. 1 will The eldest give one more example. was a fine, of Sir Charles and Lady Wale was andsome young man, and his person was He rely the index of his character. and high in the University of Cambridge, to enter the 5hurK . th a vehicle of hign UUi at a(jnni.ao d ttuui proxiiuuuu w,v the highest. roused to - ; heart-stricke- i i - 1 . in 1 i it y r-l- -- - 1 de-iiro- us ac-:uir- e -- V ed - time drew on for him to "take orders," he shrank with his whole soul from fulfillin the desires of his parents. He worshipped God with Uie devotion of a warm and ardent soul, and this very worship that made him feel he was mint for holy orders, and he could not dissemble before God, and take that upon himself which he felt was not his vocation. And then the cruel disappointment he was going to bring his parents under madehim wretched. In this state of mind he more frequently visited Sarah. He wbuld open "his whole soul to her; he would weep at the disappointment of his parents, but with all his sorrow he felt he could not mock his God. Here was another seeking to pour out his soul, and if possible to derive consolation from an afflicted Saint. He passed through his ordeals, but he did not enter the church. He went abroad, making his "own pathway as he went, and died in early manhood. One day when I visited her she told me she was rather troubled, because her mother would not consent to one of her desires; and she then went on to tell me what it was. She said: 'T have been, as you know, so singularly affected, that the doctors have not been able to come to any decision on my case, and I have talked with Dr. Ficklin about it, and told him positively that after death I bequeathed my body into his hands for his special study and observation; he has so often told me that my brain: is so affected that nothing but my happy state of mind preserves my sanity; and the heart is also so affected that were he to talk to some of his patients as freely as he does to me upon the subject, they would probably drop dead at his feet. But I love to hear him talk, which he does freely, and if the post mortem examination of my body can benefit any other human being, it will certainly add to my happiness. My mother thinks every good of Dr. F., but she shrinks from giving her. consent so far; I shall try my rhetoric upon her for a time, and if she remains obstinate, I must give carte blanche to him to whom I commit the trust." Soon after this I fell into a very debilitated state vof health, and it was thought advisable that I should discontinue my visits to the dear invalid. We exchanged letters, and she sent me a lock of her hair. Time passed. Her guardian angel in human guise, Lady Godolphin, was called from this fell stage of action. Blessed woman! Tears from the eyes of the poor and the afflicted; for she was ever their ready friend. Though surrounded by the pomp and luxury of a high station, she was meek and poor in spirit. How often I think of her and see her beautiful form in my mind's eye, her low, soft voice, and her sweet angelic spirit, for "on earth she was all but divine!" Time passed on, and I left England. Sarah Carter, dear girl! did new friends supply the still lived place of old ones? I hope so. She away years after I left; but all now have passed to "that bourne from whence no traveler returns." No tear of sorrow need be shed for her; at no stage of her life was she an object of distress, no, but one of wonder, of awe, and at last of imitation and rich appreciation. it-w- as "Bright be tho place of thy sonl, No lovelier spirit than thine E'er bnr6t from its mortal control, In the realms of the blessed to shine." Btbon. R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. General Retrenchment y The Rooms, Meeting in the 14th Ward Assembly interestSaturday, Feb. 12, 1881, was a very and of ing one, Mrs. M- I. Home presiding, her Counselors there were present Mrs. B. W. semi-monthl- - SmithrMrs. Phebe Woodruff, Mrs. S. M. Kim- nan ana iurs. Howard. Upened by singing "Let Zion in her beauty" rise." Prayer by Mrs. E. Howard. , Singing, "0 my Father." Minutes of former meeting were read and accepted, also minutes of tlie Primary Associations of the 11 th, Oth and :d Wards of this city. Mrs. Home made some remarks in regard to the sisters administering to the sick, and exhorted them to seek wisdom of God and 1)0 cautious in all they did; gave good instruction, which, if put in practise, would preserve the sisters from any indiscretion. Mrs. E. S. Clawson gave a synopsis' of her visit to the East, and told many interesting incidents connected with her trip; referred to her visit to her early home, and the recollections it brought so vividly to mind. Spoke of her visit to Nauvoo and many other places. Mrs. E. B. Wells made a few remarks upon the condition of the young people, the facilities now enjoyed for mental and spiritual culture, and the indifference evinced by many to the manifold blessings iu which their lives were so abundantly rich. Earnestly exhorted mothers to urge their daughters to seek knowledge and understanding from good books, and be cautious in regard to their associations; discard frivolity and nonsense, and prepare themselves for the mighty work which would he expected of them as daughters of Zion. Mrs. M. A. Wilcox made some excellent remarks, in a humble and childlike manner. Mrs. E. S. Taylor continued the subject of improvement, and said that decorum was one of the things in which our young ladies should be instructed. It seemed that many who came here for the Gospel's sake lost their interest in the work for which they had left hojue and c friends, and were carried away with outside influence; through this their minds became darkened. If we could influence the young ladies to attend their meetings, they would be guided in a proper channel and fed with spiritual food, and this would give them strength to endure the trials they would meet from day to day. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp spoke upon the subject of equality and the feeling which she believed should exist towards those who are employed as help in families; had sometimes felt it would be a good idea if there were teachers in the Yountr Ladies' Associations, as there was in the Relief Society. Mrs. Home took up the same subject, expressing her viewfein regard to the employer . and the employed. Mrs. E. Howard spoke upon faith in the healing power, and related aii incident of the manifestation of the power of God in a very simple manner. She continued the subject of help; said the rich were as much dependent upon the poor as the poor were upon the rich. It is our mission to seek to do ood to all people. Prayer by Mrs. B. W. Sung, Doxology. -- Smith. GROWTH AND PROGRESS HUMAN MIND. OF THE The mighty oak, which seems in itself a for-eattained this .wonderful size by many years of steady growth. From the tiny acom,hidden in the bosom of tne earth, shoots arc sent up, bud after bud, leaf after leaf, are unfolded until wonderful chango it has risen from insignificance to be monarch of the forest. So with the midd of man. The infant's, like the small seed that is planted in the earth, seems to be of little consequence in its first stages: but it gradually expands, develops, obtains wider view, until, when its possessor has attained maturer years, it becomes a some. thing of admiration and reflection. bestowed has upon us The Giver of all good st : - 