WOM AN'S EX PONENT. The men working at the mill, or with their teams, $felieved passing the cabin the monotony of the day, but when night came, and the stare shone do wn,so cold and so far off, and the wolf howled, and the night owl hooted, she kindled a fire, more for protection than use although the evenings are chilly in the canons, and drawing her little ones around the hearth, with baby on her knee and Minnie by her side, she told her tales of the past, or anticipations of the fnture, to amuse or interest the child. She had no supernatural terrors, but the agony of these long, lonely nights can scarcely" be Her cabin was not strong enough described. beasts of prey if they should tp protect her from and huge rattlesnakes often crept -a- ttack-.her, through tho iloor, in a friendly way, but their calls were far from being agreeable. Their small stock of provisions diminished, and no way seemed to open for more; their meal was measured and the rations grew less daily, until all was gone and there was nothing but dried squash and the milk of their two cows, which, owing to the severity of flies, was frequently bloody. They had no meat, and the roots and weed.-- i were all strange and for aught they So the weeks passed knew were poisonous. by and hunger was added to their other discomforts, reli jved now and then by a little provisions from the settlement. About harvest time the lumber men left the canon to attend their crops and they were about to be left entirely alone in that fearful lonely place fifteen miles from town. Mary could not endure it any longer; she felt the torture of fear and loneliness was more than her mind could bear. Although she had no home to go to,she insisted on being moved to town, where she could at least have human companionship. Accordingly her little all, her children and household treasures were taken to the settlement. There were no houses to rent tbero, and her door-yar- d Jhinjp were unloadedLin a frienoVs protect her. standing the unpleasantness of her situation she felt it a great pleasure to enjoy once more"" the society of her own sex. To mingle with her friends once more seemed to lessen the pain of separation, and distract her thoughts somewhat from constant anxiety about Jesse, from whom, as yet, she had received no intelligence. He had gone so far, and among such a mixed multitude, and there were so many dangers and hardships to contend with! She had never been separated from him before; and it seemed so far away over those dreary mountains, and the time so long. If she could just see past those rocky walls that seemed to shut her in, so far from civilization, like a prison whose doors might never be opened to give her again the fresh, free air of her native land! If she had not believed in the Gospel and trusted implicitly in God she must indeed have succumbed to the terrible ordeal. To be Continued. LIVING LINKS: OR SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BY AVON DALE. CONTINUED. Great was the satisfaction of Apothecary Lindsay when he found his daughter was securely sheltered from poverty, by her being married, as he fondly hoped, to a wealthy merchant, and numerous were the congratulations he received when the announcement was made in the Court Magazine as follows: Married: At Coleman Street, in the city of London, Mr. Wm. Unipod, merchant grocer of that place, to Miss Mary Lindsay, only daughter of Joseph Lindsay, apothecary, of " in the county of Surrey. Ber-mondse- y, - Mr. Lindsay had traveled much, and he had become possessed of considerable information relating to the history of his ancestors, by rea- son of Rector Lindsay, having records of such transactions in olden kept times. And Mr. Apothecary Lindsay thought that one of the principal causes of poverty and decay in families was that of imprudent That gentleman did not perhaps marriage look at the final results that were brought about to others, so much as the present inconvenience to himself caused by loss of real estate and personal property. As to the adaptation of human beings to each other, beings who were to be companions, the moral fitness, of things in relation to marriage, this was seldom thought of in those days; as the "saying is, ''Matrimony" was too often "a matter of money." 9 One of the many legends whicbliad made a profound impression upon -- the mind of Mr. Lindsay was that of a daughter of the house of Dunrod, of which he was himself a descendant, and as the story is rather a long.one.it will be well, perhaps, to make it a separate article. his-father,-- The Daughter of Dunrod. Lillias was the daughter of the Rev. "Wi- lliam Dunrod, of the famous city of Edinburgh. She was named after her grandmother, Lillias Maxwell, of the house of Hemes, and she possessed many of the mental and moral qualities of that amiable lady. Miss Lillias had been liberally educated, and, although her parents were not rich, they were in comfortable circumstances. It was naturally hoped that an advantageous alliance would be made for Lillias, with some one of at least equal wealth and social standing. The family of Dunrod was an ancient one, claiming direct descent from Sir James Lindsay, the friend and companion of Robert Bruce. It is true, the ancient .patrimony of the family had dwindled into-on them byinsigmfioui d StuarToTTervlcwrciF-dereBruce and the early at a time when success was too frequently the guage of merit in human transactions, these estates nad passed away. So recently as in 1610 the Mains of Kilbride, near Glasgow, had been alienated; subsequently the lands and castle of Dunrod, and other estates, had passed away from the family. As to property, it was a subject that caused no anxiety to Miss Lillias Dunrod, and when her grandmother told her of the former opulence of her fathers, and of the probability that she would marry well in consequence of her family connections, such considerations did not trouble Miss Lillias. It so happened that that young lady had already settled the question of marriage to her A young gentleman of entire satisfaction. Dufton, in Westmoreland, appeared to her to be the most suitable man in the world for a husband. His name was plain John Phesdo; he was a descendant of the former laird of Phesdo. He was also related to the Dunrod family. All this was well enough, as far as it went, but he was poor, and the father of Lillias for this reason did not think the match a desirable one. In vain did Mi Lillias try to reason out the matter with her father, by showing that it was no fault of John's that he was poor. If the fault rested with any one, it was with the grandfather of John, who had lost his estate by his own imprudence. How far Miss Lillias was correct in her conclusions it is not very easy to as the manuscript say at this distanca of time, "The laird of Phesdo only states as follows: had many followers; they were out with the men of the Falconer family with hawks, at folMontrose. A quarrel arose between the lowers of Phesdo and those of Falconer, in the midst of which a bailliceame in an4 tried to While the riot continued, quell the tumult. 123 John of Phesdo came among them with, a drawn sword, and cut off the baillie's arm. For this offense the baillie took advantage of law, and Ihesdo forfeited his estate. The estate is now in the Falconer family." This was written in 1689. ... Now the way in which Miss Lilnas had read history led her to believe that the act of the laird of Phesdo was not nearly so malicious or sanguinary as that of some of her own ancestors who had been rewarded for such deeds. Besides this, she argued, John Phesdo is not to blame for an act done by his grandfather. Much more would have been said if her father would have listened to it; and finally, as Miss Lillias could hot obtain the parental consent, she determined to be married Without, and John Phesdo and Lillins Dunrod became one, living together very happily for manjyear; although comparatively poor. This was the. "imprudent marriage" that had determined Mr. Apothecary Lindsay to see that his daughter was married to a wealthy merchant; we shall see how he succeeded time is a great of secrets. It may be there is something more to live for than gold and silver; it may be that marriage is for a higher purpose than mere selfish gratification. Possibly we are living links, connecting the present and future with the past, the spiritual and the temporal, the things of time with those of eternity. re-veal- To h er Continued, WOMAN'S VOICE. I have often thought I should like to show my appreciation of your valuable paper by adding a few lines to its columns, could you bespare me space. Every number to me is coming more full of interest. I sincerely hope my sisters will continue to exert their elforte in preparing food for our minds. I feel that it is our duty to try to improve each other. There are some among us whaJiavc. had but a limited "educati them to express thoughts and ideas, either by voice or by pen and naper, and such peed encouragement, as has been observed by one of our sisters in an article entitled "Commendation versus Criticism," while others who have been more fortunate can get along better. I feel thankful that our young folks have such a splendid opportunity of improving their minds; that they will help to bring forth the talents beare now in obscurity among this people. I lieve if the majority of us were not so timid and so afraid of criticism, we could do more in this work. I hope to sec the day when the Latter-da- y Saints will excel all other people dein both prose and poetry. I know if our sires are pure the Spirit of the Lord will assist us. Let us endeavor to have books that will be both amusing and instructive to the young, that they may have no desire to read the trash of the world. I join my sisters in thanking the author of a "Pen Sketch of an Illustrious ourWoman," and pray that we may all prove selves worthy of a celestial crown with her in the kingdom of our God. I think if we could is in store for those only realize the glory that who do right, we should not feel life so wearisome nor would duty seem a task. I hope, dear editor, you will continue your labor, for our benefit. I wish you a Happy New Year, and success to the ExroNEST. M. A. PlNGKEK. OgdenCity, Jan. 2, 1881. The old clothes that we wear no longer, may cive comfort and confidence toa man in naked The truths that are so familiar to them may raic us that we never think about human the utterly ignorant to a sense of their Uamertan. brotherhood. destitution. 