WOMAN'S EXPONENT. in(r her from afar," while her own heart P affection of hunrv for the homely loveof and the author of The marriage the "Jane Eyre" was almost as singular as the Eliot. When her first latest union of George she espoused a country curate, youth was gone was his dewhose only claim to consideration ad-.- . votion to her. Many of George Eliot's hirers professed to be greatly grieved at her action in marrying so soon after the death of ilEXKY Lewes.. She might have George replied to these critics, as Napoleon did to the remonstrances of the jealous Josepine, that she was not to be judged by the same The great Emperor rules a-- ordinary women. expressed in his terse phrase the truth, that "euius is a law unto itself in directing that exuberant energy which is at once its curse and blessing. George Eliot was kept from violating morality as she did conventional laws, and training. Born and by her English blood bred in France she would, no doubt, have repeated In her life the career of George Sand. d woman and Xhi "large-braine- d man," who jave so great an impulse to French literature, lived what we would call a very immoral life until the fire of her passions was quenched with years. But there is no question that she strove to be a reformer to the best of her light as earnestly as Anna Dickinson does in our day. George Eliot, in her own way,has done much To the worldto influence English character. wide audience of readers of her novels she has high enpreached the sermon of deavor, and obedience to that moral law that speaks to every man and woman in accents She shows that cannot fail to be understood. the consequences of its violation in "Adam Bede" and "Romola" the two novels that will live longest in popular regard. In her other works she has meted out justice with unsparing liaa J, .smiting the weak-wille- d and those strickBut it is only in a en with moral paralysis. she sums up her creed. Mngle short poem that In that hymn, "O may I join the Choir Invisible," she Vests her faith, not alone on the hope of immortality, but on the power of genius to live through from age to age, upholding and strengthening sorely tempted and struggling souls. This one poem embodies the hopes and aspirations of a large sect of English rationalists. They have no faith in the God or the immortality of the Christian religion. They believe only in the life and the possibilities of living hereafter, by virtue of the work done here, as Shakespere and Milton live y among English-speakinthe of in all people parts globe. This faith she expresses in these grand opening lines: fire-sid- el large-hearte- self-restrain- t, . to-da- g O, may I join tbo choir invisible Of those immortal dead who lire again In minde made better by their presence; live In poises stirred to generosity, In deeds of daring rectitnde, in scorn For miserable alms that end in eelf--Ithought eablims that pierce tho night like stars, And with their mild pfrsiatence urge nun's search To vaster issue. 80 to lire la heaven; To mike undying music In the world. n m io' ITEMS FROM NAZARETH. At this moment we are having a very striking reminder of the expression in Jeremiah "The voicj of the bridegroom, arid the voice of the bride" which 8ays nothing to U3 Westerners because our brides and bridegrooms do not lift up their voices. A little while ago, 4 p. m., I heard a spund as of a distant multitude shouting and singing. I looked out and saw coming over the brow of one. of. the hills on the other side of the town, a gay procession, hundreds of peo- . , 1QK A rrn nle sineine' honr? n rr firm mm-- . Sr b guiia, iney were bringing a bride from one of the outside villages. With Mrs. Gilbert's glass we could distinguish many camels gaily decked with carpets, rugs and scarlet cloth, and Miss Tanner told us that the bride's trousseau is also displayed on these camels. The bride rides on a horse very probably for the first time in her life and is taken to the house of a friend, the people as th?y pass slowly on' verses in praise of her beauty "and perfection that remind one of the songs" of Solomon. When the bride was safely housed, we heard in another direction the procession of the bridegroom, who was being taken to the house of one of hii friends, where he will be feted and. congratulated, and have verses sung in his also. The friends of the bride are in praise the meantime weeping and condoling with her, as well they jnay, for though the atiair as seen from the ouiaidg. looks very Biblical, she b to be pitied, for women are kept in such a degraded condition here, it fills one with inEastern brides generally get a dignation. sound thrashing from their husbands as an introduction into maried life, "just to make them know their place." there will be a grand torchlight procession, more firing of guns, chanting, etc., etc., and every day until Sunday, when the marriage will be celebrated at church or mosque, according as the bridegroom is Moslem or Christian, and all will be finished up by the grandest torchlight procession, when the bride is taken to her 00. ut-u- . all-chantin- in-de- ed To-nig-ht tyrant's home. Sunday. I littlo know that the wind up of the wedding was going to be a fearful riot, but so it 'was, and we had truly a bad time of it, coming home from Church with our sixty children. We were about three hundred yards from the church when there was a block and a panic, and we heard that there was a serious riot going on between the Greeks and the Latins in the street. The C. M. S. school was the nearest place of refuge, and wc woro most thankful when we had placed our sixty children inside; they were all in a state of the utmost panic, big and little, and just babies. There was no getting them to understand a word, and we had just to drag and push them just where we wanted them to the missiles of go. The stones, which aro still this country, always handy and always abundant, we could see flying thickly about the low flat houses, and we heard of many being seriously wounded. Then it seems the party who were getting the worst of it, rushed up the hill above the louse, the pursuers following; and as night was falling, it was considered advisable for us to try and gain our home before the rioters returned into the town. That was a bad time for us, for having so many little hill very one3 with us, we could not climb the I fast, and there were big stones, larger than the where could lift, lying thickly in the path, worst of the fray had been. All the wav there rabwas the fear that we meet the rest of the ble returning before we gained the shelter of our home. We could see figures rampaging we about our land, and thought: MOh,if only had a wall built!" Yakoob was on the lookout for us in a greatState of anxiety, and at last breathe we all got inside the gates, and could the roof to ee again. Then we went upon could hear the how matters were going, and we were shouts and shrieks, but the combatants and all we could iust over the brow of the hill, stood ou see were the stragglers, whose figures against the sunset clearly all along tne ridge, and to Such a lorious .unset it was, tSnk of what was going on under iUon where we are sure Jesus of Nazareth with an hour of quiet communion that He was looking down on panic-stricke- n Sinany raging tffikns! sacred for His which they profess to hold like spots j sake. Night comes on very suddenly here, and as the noise on the hill died away with the dying light, we can only suppose that the different parties returned to their homes under cover of the darkness, and must wait till tomorrow to know what it was about. Monday, This, it appears, was the upshot of the riot: It seems the Governor of Nazareth went out to quell the riot, but the Latins were too bold for him; they took his knrboosck (fez cap) and broke his head, and then. he took refuge in the house of a Greek. This morning he sent his soldiers to bring up the offenders, and received the answer:-"Ware not at leisure, wc are drinking to.day." And so the thing ends. Everyone knows of course that he has been bribed heavily; the Latins are rich and powerful, and they have a fiery little fellow, Fra Giuseppe, who never allows any one of their persuasion to be punished. If a Latin .has committed murder even j" and flies to the convent for sanctuary, Fra Giuseppe is certain to get him off I have just heard of a sad proof that wc can reckon but little on the stability of our converts here. A woman who has professed Christianity for years has now gone back to Moeleraism, because Mr. Huber did not give her a dress at Christmas. I am sorry to acknowledge that here as elsewhere, "the loaves and fishes" too often influence a Teacher. person's religious opinions. ALLEGORY. of the The clock had passed the 1880. A eleventh hour of the last day of flickand anon ever that slowly burning fire, ered with a pale, tremulous glow now lighting the room, then sinking low, till naught but lurid shadows tilled the place was burning on the hearth. Dreamily my mind went back through light and darkness to every place the past year had borne me, in its arras of power irresistible. A personage was with me now a pale, wan figure with the mark of death set deep upon his brow. It was the old year. He approached me with extended hand: "Farewell," he said, "I soon must go; I pray will think of you that when I am gone you me kindly." I shrank from him, refused his hand, and sternly I replied: "Think of you tenkindly? No. Why should one throb of derness e'er move ray heart toward one who, when he first crossed my threshold, was laden with care, sickness and disappointment, and bound the burden on my weary soul. Yet more, my house was filled with those my eyes so dearly loved to look upon; yon have removed nearly all of these far from me; you have robbed us of our home, and now you seek to part with me in friendihip! Get you gone! oblivion cover all Away with you, I say! let your evil ways. "Sister," said a soft and mellow voioe, "forlike a shadow give." In an instant 1880 passed from my sight. One now stood near roer who had been hidden by the figure, which was gone like vapor from the room. This last one came with firm, elastic step, his eyewas full of tenderness and truth, his lrow, though clothed with power, was softened by the beams of mercy and forgiveness. He took. my hand with pityhardness of my ing look, and all at once the heart was gone I only felt good will and mankind. lie spoke again: peace toward all am 1881, and I "I .am your coming year; Ifrom heaven, that command all men, by word at every coming year they do forgive the past. spoken against, I have been everywhere evil me In you all have yet not by you nor yours. if you will well hope. In me you can trust, Hold m and truly act as I shall you instruct. kindness of your heart sacred the sensations fallen race; a for- and sympathy for Adam's as now you giving spirit toward those who err, . 