WOMAN'S EXPONENT. E. S. Taylor,and fervently. Sisters E. Howard, eduothers made many excellent remarks upon of the cation, literature and the careful training Counselor Lant exy yonng. Bishop Tanner and would put hi pressed their desire that the people had been given practice the good advice which by the sisters. In the afternoon of the same day, the four held a conjoint Primary Associations cf Payson B. S. Smith premeeting, over which Sister E. sided. The exercises were very entertaining, and the children, about two hundred and fifty in number, all seemed intensely interested. After,,jthe close of the meeting, the ladies returned to the residence of Mrs. Douglas where they were sweetly serenaded by : about one hundred little girls. It was an affecting sceue and baffles all description. Tbesame evering the Y. L. M. I. A. held a -meeting at which Miss Ida Coombs presided. Tka house was crowded to overflowing. An interesting feature of the meeting was the reading by the secretary of the manuscript paper which is edited by the Association entitled "The Young Lady's Journal." It is now in the sixth volume, and is very creditable indeed. We recommend this course to all associations, as one of the best methods for improvmcnt. Mrs. E. 8. Taylor spoke earnestly upon many subjects connected with the advancement of the young, the reading of good books, the necessity of testito all Latter-da- y Saints and mony to those who other subjects of vital importance to work do the great devolving upon the expect women of the future. Sisters E. Howard, E. B. Wells, Louie Felt, E. R. S. Smith and M. T. Smoot each addressed the audience for a short time, giving much good counsel and instruction. Wednesday morning, Sisters Smoot, Howard and Taylor took the train, the two former for Provo, Sister Taylor returning home to the city. The other Sisters rode over to Spanish Fork, and met with the "Relief Society in the afternoon. i3Jrs, Mary Ferguson presiding. In the evening there was' a meeting of the Y.L.M: I. A,, numerously attended by both sexes, Mrs. Mary J. Morrison presiding. Stirring appeals were mado to the young peo-pie by Sister Eliza and the ladies who accompanied her. The young ladies of Spanish Fork also read a paper called "Young Ladies' Herald of Union?' It was very interesting, and we trust they will continue to improve. Thursday, at 11 o'clock, there was a meeting of the Primary Association which numbers nearly 30 chjjdren; Miss Mary Ann McLean presiding. After some exercises by the children, Bister Eliza, by request of the Bishop, divided the children into two organizations,with a president over each, all to be under the presidency of Miss McLean, who has been most faithful in training them, and to whom the children are fondly attached. A little changeas also made in the Young Ladles' Association. They had six Counselors and a Superintendent. Four of these Counselors and the Superintendent were honorably released from acting; as according to the present eystem of organization, which it la necessary should be uniform, only two counselors are considered advisable. Thursday evening Sister Eliza and party took the train for Santaquin. Arriving; there drove direct to the meeting house, which was well filled with, brethren and sisters. It was the meeting of the Y. L. M. IA., Miss Mary Ann Openfhaw presiding. The minutes were excellent and well rendered. Sister Eliza and the other Sisters the addfei&q meeting Bishop Halladay and Brother Openshaw each made a few remarks, speaking In terms of pudse of the labors and instructions of the sisters. .i : We were all most cordially welcomed to Santaquin and entertained at the residence of Brother Btickney,who being aYankee was delighted to find his guests all Yankees too. Friday morning met with the Relief Society, Mrs. E. j. Stickney presiding. A very good meeting; the spirit of the Lord resting in great abundance upon the speakers. Before time to commence the meeting of the Primary Association in the afternoon, the children met with their president and came marching down two by two to escort the sisters to the meeting house. It was a very pretty sight indeed. The meeting was presided over by Miss Zella Holliday. The exercises were all well rendered and the children, about 150 in number, kept the most excellent order. These children are preparing for a fair and exhibition, which is pure to be a success. The children of Payson held a fair on Saturday, the 12th inst. On Saturday morning we returned home. Sistes Eliza R. S. 8. and Louie Felt were to go to Goshen the same day. There are many other interesting items connected with this tour that will probably appear in the next issue of the Exponent. HOME AFFAIRS. President George Q. Cannon, wife and niece, Miss Mina Cannon, returned from the southern part of the Territory on Sunday morning train. The last company of emigrants for this season arrived on Thursday, the 10th Inst, well, and having had a safe and prosperous Journey. Pees. Taylor and party are all enjoying the best of health, and are doing much good among the people wherever they travel. They are proon their return trip. bably at Rockville to-da- y Sisters M. Isabella Home and E. Howard have been attending the Sisters' Conference of Wasatch Stake, which was held at Heber City on Friday, the 11th inst. They have not yet returned home. The President of the Grain Committee requests full reports as soon as possible from all the different localities where grain is being stored for Zion; and if they have granaries, what dimensionsand material, and at what cost they have been built. Direct to Mrs. E. B. Wells, Salt Lake City, Utah. The prize essay affair, about which considerable curiosity has been manifested of late, has at last been settled, Mr. R. W. Sloan, of the "Salt Lake Herald," being the lucky winner. The prize essay on "Utah and her Resources," in full in the Salt Lake Herald of Sunday, Nov. 6, and is certainly a very excellent one. We sincerely congratulate our young friend was upon his success, an&are very glad the prize won by .me, of the Mormon boys, raised and educated in Utah; in fact, Mr. Sloan is almost having had very little entirely to attend school, as he has been from childhood employed in the "Herald" Office iri this city. The essay comprises under its several g, Agriculture, Horticulture, Mining, Manufactures, Attractions, and it will bear rpading more than once. Two of the other essays are. to b i published, and perhaps all of them may be; no doubt they are all good. The prize awarded was a check for fifty dollars, given by Mr. Meears. th e father. The girl was run over by one of the hind wheels, crushing the life right out of her All was done that could be to restore vitality, but to no effectthe spirit had fled. About a month previous to her death, the child fell into the well and came near being drowned. Little Maggie was three years old the 5th of October, Being her mother's youngest and a fine, promising chikj, she was the joy and sunshine of her home. We deeply sympathize with our dear and valued friends, the parents and family, in this 6udden and sorrowful bereavement. LttliA. OBITUARY. Died, at Bellevue, Kane Co., September 8, 1881, of consumption, Christine Sylvester, wife of Joshua W. Sylvester, Bishop of Elsinore, Sevier Co., while on a visit at the house of her father-in-laMr. James Sylvester. Deceased was a native of Mygdal, HJorring, Denmark, born April 19, 1817; baptized in the year 1855, and emigrated to Utah in 1862. She was President of the Relief Society of Elsinore, and was firm in the belief and practice of the principles of the Everlasting Gospel. She was a true and loving wife, a kind and affectionate mother, and was beloved and respected by all those who, thnugh duty and circumstances, had made her acquaintance. She leaves a husband and seven children and a large circle of friends to mourn w, her loss. Lena Hanson, Sec'y K. B. ATTENTION, SECRETARIES 1 The Secretaries of Relief Societies in Salt Lake Stake are urgently requested to send in, their reports by the 5th of March, as it is impossible for the Stake Secretary to xn aire a correct report unlrm she reactrxsa HUB report from each Society in due time. M. Isabella Hobne, Presfc. Elizabeth Howard, Secy, eemi-annu- al ur-geen- tly self-educate- d, op--portu- Stock-raisin- sub-headin- gs, FATAL ACCIDENT. About U o'clock on Nov. 3, Maggie Rebecca, of daughter of George and Jane S. Coleman, Escalante, Iron Co., fell, at that place, from a wagon loaded with adobies.and being driven bj -- SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. ' Although the Lord had revealed the princi--' pie of Celestial Marriage to Joseph Smith in an early day, the astouiiding revelation and command t ) proclaim it was not given until after the Saints had settJ'm. Nauvoql Jo-;seph putyff the dreaded day aa long as te7 dared. I recollect oh a certairi'Sahbatt, previous to the Apostles' return from EurOpe,' of hearing my mother and;others expressing their wonder and astonishment at wbat they :bad 71 ,J heard uttered that day by the TrcpKet,Jwyl ' : "' : " ; ( ; : the restoration of all" things, 'etc. His" wife as well as others was quite excited oyer it. See- -, ' urori ing the effect that his sermon' had tfiein his; hearers in the afternoon, he consoled by had which time he the that spoken of ' saying viewed ttji at !, might be further off than he had all events the Lord would help them and tarry them safely through it," if they were faithful' No wonder ihat this duty weighed' so heaV-il- y upon "his mind, nor that be should, manifest such ahxielty to again Heboid his brethren, the Aposties, to deliver' into their bands ;j e'&ttat jo the keys of the kingdom. 7 he affection wbich and n'nnUetatonpo-- ' ;. . more meeting and clasping jem bjtbe'harid proved the confidence 'which be felt in themas men of God. Those were days of fceril, an.a the tried and faithful few were I bplieyjatoWJgr the mnster spirits appointedor rcsejrpdj fij to come forth in the day iilwhich . He began to restorO th'e: ancient order of His scene. kingdom, to prepare for the winding up 2 . ; 'the-Almight- 