W OMAN'S FIFTY YEARS TO-DA- WOMAN. Congratulation to Elizabeth Knight Johnson, on of her Baptism, by Hyrum fa. Fiftieth Anniversary into the Church of Jesus Christ of Smith Not. 1st 1830, Saints,at Colesrille,Broom Co. N. Y. 6he beLatter-da- y member in the Church at that time. She ing the youngest the daughter of Joseph,and Polly Knight.and went up to Jackson Co. Mo. in 1831, her in the first Company brother Newel Knight presiding. s it gratefully, and gladly Proudly as you may That you've fought beneath truth's banner Fifty years to-da- y. Oh ! if e'er I envy any, 'Tis the favored few Blest to know our martyr'd Prophet, And Brother Hyrum too. Oft I've found myself regretting That their work wa6 done; That their lives were near their setting, Jnst as mine begun, or fanaticism is it, Thus to hold him dear, Whom the angels loved to visit-Jos- eph Smith "The Seer." eliza r. snow smith, d sanctioned, All the truths his and free; Arc so glad 'Tis not strange that you have loved them, Half a century. life-bloo- Fifty years! it seems a Thought is almost dumb, Retrospecting, comprehending All you've overcome. e: Prejudice and persecution, Mobbings drivings too; All the consequent privation. That the saints passed through. Hunted down by priests and people, "Worn by ceaseless strife, Fearing not the red man's nature, Preying peace and life. Trustfully the saints toiled hither, True to heaven's command; But for faith, not knowing whither: Led by God's right hand; To these then far distant valleys, Joseph's promised land. When their weary journey ended, Dreary was their lot; Scant supplies and isolation. Home a desert spot; But these saints had faith and freedom, And they murmured not. Trackless plains and bridgeless rivers, Mountains;towering high; Which these exiles crossed was nothing To their child rens cry, Eveu foi Bread. Oh ! crowning ordeal, Tet relief was nigh. Yes you've had a long experience: Hard enough indeed And you've learned that God is equal-- To our greatest need. Constancy to right must merit, Future joy and gain; Yet you may be glad you cannot live your life again. Fifty years it tells its story, More than lengthy erHVh: Donbt I not. Celestial glory- -Is within youf reach. Few there are on earth remaining Who can truly say, I have labored hi God's kingdom-Fi- fty years to-da- continued. ; In our last chapter we referred to the Log Row where Sister Eliza spent her first few years in the valley, after leaving the Fort when . Pres. Young returned in These were the primitive times, as we o.ften term them, when every woman made her own soap and candles, carded and spun the wool, dyed the yarn, knit the stockings, and many even wove and afterwards cut and made the material into clothing. Carpets of homemade yarn, dyed in the gayest colors, were quite, the rage, and in these things Sister Eliza also excelled. She took an interest in all these affairs, and her patterns in dress goods and carpets of were much sought after by others. 1854-In 5 the Lion House, one of President and Young's family residences, was completed, r .i 11.1 she has ever since resided there, it is ratner a peculiar style of building, quaint in architec ture, and reminds one more ot an age now rast.' than of modern times. It was some years after the family moved into the new home before the domestic spinning, dyeing and weaving were dispensed with. Sister Eliza today has a homemade yam carpet in a very good state ot preservation, and otner articles manufactured by her own hands, iler History is a cpmplete contradiction of the illusion so current in the world that literary women, or are never domestic, oi industri- ous and successful as housewives. True, this is sometimes the case, but this remarkable wo man possesses the happy combination ot domestic and literary ability. At the present wotime, when arrived at the age where most men lay aside all the cares and duties of domestic labor, she does her own work, runs her own errands, and waits upon company after the "old school" style, in addition to all her Conferences public and literary labors. At the country, she entertains her friends from and strangers never complaining of weariness, calls informal make to uppn her at are likely never nonany time; and she is always ready, . plussed. woman find a to anydifficult be would It so many where like Sister Eliza, combining and active for life, her qualifications which fit such an abundance of yet in reality possessing 18-48- home-manufactu- hliip-stockin- e. . spiritual vigor. In 1869, Pres. Young having observed the inclination among the people to follow after the follies and fashions of the world, leading women more especially into habits of frivolity and eKtravagance, called upon Sister Lliza an and one or two other ladies to lead out in of retrenchment organization for the purpose in dress and table expenditure Accordingly, the subject discussed meetings were called, a presiding and an association formed with were appoint-e- d board of seven officers; meetings Ward Assembly to be held in the 14th suitable place. being a centraland ?hi;meet andS still held regularly in the same place ladies offthe same hour, and the same that of iciate as officers, with one exception, Si'fer Margaret T. Smoot, who moved to Provp when Sister Elizabeth after the first few years, fill the vacancy In chosen to Howard was much u emblics from time to time e and highest quality has tin of thetobest the sister. been dispensed this'Retrenchment Association Sister Pres. Young called upon ux him in effecting an organization Fliza his own daughvun. Uies, commencing with .Trlhed. y. Emilt Hill Salt lAkc City, Not. l?tvlS80. re X Unborn millions shall revere him, As "The Prophet" true; Of the grandest dispensation, That the world e'er knew. life-tim- 147 PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS Y. A Tell EXPONENT . Woodman-sub- m-?r- members a good idea of the work and progress that would be expected of them in an organized capacity. All this was very new, and excited ridicule, as all innovations do at first. It was hard work for the young ladies to come out from their companions and take an active part in public meetings. Those who persevered in doing so were set down as strongminded, &c; but Sister Eliza stimulated and encouraged them, and from time to time organizations were formed in the various wards and extended thence into the settlements; the organizations were designated Retrenchment -Associations, the same as the one formed by the older sisters, and to distinguish between the two, one was called the Senior and the other the Junior Retrenchment Association. This work of organizing the young ladies in all parts of the Territory was a most original been heard of plan; never had such a thing before. Sister Eliza from the first seemed to task perfectly comprehend the nature of the assigned her, and again her executive ability became apparent. To accomplish a labor of this kind requires method in its execution, and to select the proper material for the work one need be possessed of a knowledge of human nature, keen and deep, and then the planning and arranging of the order of discipline to be calls forth pursued to effect the desired result, all the tact and energy of character that pan be exercised upon the subject. It has been a wonderful acquisition to all the other means of and moral training improvement, this spiritual of the young in these organized societies. To be sure, by common consent the name Junior MuRetrenchment has since been changed to tual Improvement Associations, but the object Sisand spirit of the work remains the same. ter Eliza may well rejoice in the great work of improvement among the young sisters, although there are many who have never as yet recognized it, or joined in the labor. The reader will readily perceive that hister -- Elfia had much public speaking to do, which called her out from home to go here and there; in "fair or foul weather," but she had the mission to fill, and she was endowed with the spirit1 and power essential ..to its performance. so doubt if any other woman has accomplished much in organizing and in public speaking bister Lliza took among women. Subsequently Salt Lake a journey to the Holy Land, leaving Apostle City October 26, .1872, her brother, New Lorenzo Snow, meeting her in Ogden; in and Smith York they joined Pres. George A. the 16th. Lake City on party, who had left Saltthe fatigue of traveling Sister Eliza endured as' well and even better than some younger took the ones of the party. The company on the 6th of Steamer Minnesota for Liverpool while at sea L written r uu loffpr INovemuer. ir other time, and arc as full of vigor as at any on board Bhip, Pres George A. Smith, writing the vovage stood Snow has says-- ' "Miss E. R. so far as well and and has given us a good deal wrote a poem at sea, Cross enjoyment. She .will find the Atlantic," which our reader Tourists. -n the Correspondence of Palestine ortwo descriptive of the storm We give a over-religiou- s, ta 'sea-sickne- ss on the Atlantic. Aiion all Neptune's furies Are ou the steamer's path, We mount the deck to wituess The ocean In its wrath. write It? The scene! What pen can fchow could What pencil's art The wild, terrific grandeur now. Which reigns around ns waving surging waters Like battle armor clash; Tumultuous wares upheaving, With foaming fary daBb. The steamer mount the billows, Then dip the space below; And brarelr prewe onwsrd, Tho' reeling to and firo. The To be Continued. eJociation in appropriate words, and gave 