t i t - - ; - : TOMAN'S EIPQIE1T. " The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all "Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 1, 1881. 9. IN MEMORIAM. f. a. c. JAN. 7th, 1881. And walk with thee the golden streets Of that fair city where the living never die. E. B. Fkkgusok. Salt Lake City. the path of life." "asked of thee life and thou gavest it." LIVING LINKS: OR Was this thy prayer! beloved, When standing 'neath the em'rald arch Of thy ewcet epringtime, thoo didst gaze, Adown the rista of the years to be, and through The dim haze caught the dawning bluih, Of rosy summer suns, that heralded The full orbed glory of thy royal womanhood. And as thy white-winge- d thoughts, lily-buwhich amorous winds as the Pure, spotless Hare scarcely dared to kiss, sped through The paths of knowledge, to the fane, Where learning sits enthroned and gathered thence Sweet inspirations rife with future good; And youth passed like a joyous song; Did the petition rise, that he who in the seous past, Created Life, thy tender feet would guide, Along the path untried, untrodden yet, Through which.thy happy spirit should, At last attain the Evermore And when upon the radiant loveliness Of thy meridian fell the mystic charm Of love, that in the loved one lives; and stirred The hidden depths of thy sweet nature To a tremulous calm, thy spirit rose From fiery baptism to newer life, In which all Belfish aims and purposes Were lost. hands Thy busy Toot ap the loom of life, and wove therein, A web of fairest texture, violet-hueAnd flecked with many a thread Of gold and. silver sheen, in kindly deeds And words of loving helpfulness To those who called thee friend, The benison of this praj'er, In thy self consecration, brooded Dove-lik- e within thy gentle breast, And in thy dreams existence held as love Nothing so bright, so beautiful And love was life. Time passed And on thy fair white brow, Was placed the royal crown of motherhood The keystone of the arch of earthly life with their soft pressure And waxen finger-tip- s Thrilled tby woman heart with extasy unutterable. d, d, God called thee then, And the full choral of thy life's sweet hymn, Set to celestial music, was intoned V thou didst join 2By choirs invisible, and That radiant throng whose harmonies, ears. Ne'er reached our dull and eajth-stoppe-d it. He heard thy prayer and answered W 'heath, the cloud of orrow, cried With bitter woe, "Herlifb ia done." "With tear-blinde- d eyes, which We could not see the azure bars, through The glory rifted at thou entered In, Nor hear the pealing anthems that did hall, Thy soul's Apotheosis. ! Thou hast reached the fount of life divine The golden chalice of thy soul is filled With its full tide, and. pearly drops o'erflowlng hearts below. Bring healing balm to stricken In thy bright home, forget us not, But let the electric chain of lore, That binds thee to the Father's great white throne, to thee. Drop golden links to weld our souls And may the light of thy bright life, Beam starlike o'er the path we too must tread. Kind angels guard, morn, Thy sleeping dust until the resurrection crowned When clothed with immortality, and Withendless lives, w too shall clasp thy hand, tenance of the poor man was yet noble, his expansive brow gave evidence of commanding intellect, his form and appearance betokened one who had "seen better days." He hail married in early life, under most promising to a lady who was a remote descendant of the martyr Ridley; she had been a martyr too, not by material" fire at the stake, but by the unhallowed fires of strong drink that- had She had been inflamed her husband's brain. after the victim of neglect. Night night her maddened husband had left her and her babes to perish in hopeless misery. The wife was now dead, their children scattered, no one to care for them, and they hated' their father as much as little children can hate. The wife had been a tender plant; hail zephyrs of sympathy breathed over her, and the genial sunshine of a husband's love shone upon her she might have lived. The man who had done these wrongs now kneeled before, the heavens and implored forgiveness. He had been her husband, the father of her helpless babes, and he was the son of Mary Lindsay; he himself the slave of inherited passions, the victim of the poison taint of the spirit of wine, transmitted from his father! At the time this poor man was stirred up to reformation there was a remarkable movement in Europe, thousands of persons declared the advent of Christ was at hand; they said they felt the influence of that spirit the prophet Joel had declared should be poured out upon all flesh. The spirit of prophecy, of dreams and visions, became common among men of every creed. Men tried to account for these feelings where it listeth, by saying: The wind blowetb and thou nearest the sound thereof, but canst ." not tell whence it cometh nor whither it were Amid all this excitement men forsake evil, taught to love one another, to to abstain from drink. Happily for the son of Mary Lindsav, a good Samaritan met him, and, to the praise of humanity be it and spoken, many like him aided the poor his intentions, penitent inebriate to carry out do well." to learn and evil to "cease to do "There i3 a tide in the affairs of man which taken at the flood leads onto fortune." If such a period had been experienced and neglected before, it was not so now. The afflicted outcast one wa3 permanently reclaimed; the from society became a useful and energetic man in reclaiming others. And many were there to whom words of mercy would flow in from his lips in after years, as he would say,for-br much hath who "He grateful humility: " u unto not "Knt nntft. us. i fTlVIMl .. l()t:LU JJJUVH. t tne name be giorv. us, 0 Lord, but unto thy Such were the sentiments oi Mr. uuuumu the reformed inebriate, who shunned the wine cup and its associations, and with what for zeal he entered into the "new movement reformation" many years of successful labors thousands. gave ample evidence to with It is interesting for us who are familiar the history of our Church to trace the operaat the tions that were going on in England the time the Prophet Joseph was promulgating truth on this continent. At Preston,onm o$o, people a Mr. Richard Turner began to call rages. to abstain from all intoxicating drunkards He was met with fierv opposition by the dealand those who helped to make them, of Mr. ers in strong dnW The followers cruelly Turner were derided and frequently demion and in treated; they were hissed at, cir-stanc- "Shew me She No. 19. SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BY AVONDALE. CONTINUED. If LindsavJ had exercised a Mr. Aoothecarv 1 he would have taken care to sound discretion, have a settlement made of the fortune of his daughter, in her favor, before marriage. It so happened that the city merchant was not so. wealthy as supposed; life in the city of Lon- tne don was very expensive in those aays; J . .1 . . ... . 1. o . l t i i i i wua oaneiui naDii oi muuigeu in to a fearful extent. Men would boast of their Dowers in hard drinking, calling: them- selves "bottle men;" some were four or five bottle men, that is, they could drink that number of bottles of wine at a sitting, "without inbeing the worse for it," i. e., they were not toxicated. There are some things men can do in "society," that however evil in themselves, is one of them, they are winked at; drinking and will be so long as that practice is fashionable. But no man should give his daughter in marriage to one who is guilty of such a dethe grading practice, which not ionly injures the health of the drinker and impoverishes for many purse, it afflicts his posterity possibly disease earlier by generations if not cut off the last within as So and death. recently witnessed some of forty years the writer has these scenes at table, "after dinner," as was said by way of excuse for inebriety. Men, would degentlemen of high social standing, mean themselves by excessive drinking not in the gilded saloons and restaurants we are familiar with, splendid dramshops, fitted up and thoughtspecially to allure the youthful less but in' the habitations of the wealthy. indicative of There, in the midst of everything the berefinement, men would get drunk! At of Longinning of this century, life in theofcity intemperdon was characterized by habits of countenances the afflicted ance, that even he frequenters of the festive halls belonging A "mu berry to the great city companies. nose" was a common name for a "respectable the associate oi toper respectable because writer understood wealthy men. The ancient Hesays: the mischief wrought by drink hath sorWho 23.) "Who hath woe? row? Who hath contention? Who hath bab-tcause? mo hath wounds without hi' hath redness of eyes? They that tarry that go to seek mixed the wine; they at long when it wine Look not thou upon the wine its color in the cup, when itself aright. At the like an adder We like a serpent and stingeth in the days of Solomon; see the effects of drink If men cou hey are similar are saturated with the j ir n'o one should suffer but nd in be a, seXeiselvJ, the mischief would not to feel its cannot and the first rious; but they . xr51 rffrcts are their children. dad in man, a Early,Jin Jarments 1830,on poor his knees before worn h ;n SPcret and "who that Being heareth and answereth prayer. V 1 wine-anniui- ig wf itS ltitbi1h Id-dnn- to-da- y. SritT f enJt es, go-eth- lly u.-po- d, 