WOMAN'S EXPONENT 100 THE EXPONENT. WOM'S TMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utab Pnblisbed Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months ,$1.00 Ten copies for th price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal disconnt to Tegular adTertisrs. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council llonse, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. tvry day except Sunday. Address ail business communications to Publisher Womah's Expoxuxt, Bait Lake City Utah. wml-monthl- y, manv things are brought up in this regard list of that one can scarcely enumerate the long that to eviis, and so much advice given Congress to it must be overcrowded. Congress is urged which is put a stop to the numbering of ballots, who goes an absurdity, as everybody must know secret a is to the polls to vote, that the ballot looted up one, and although the name must be on the registration list, yet no clerk of election can tell by any means, unless informed by the or she has folded person voting, which ticket he and dropped into the ballot box. Another piece of advice given recently is that plural , wives shall not hold property in their own right. How t! very noble, generous and high minded! How very unlike the charity of the Savior! Are plural wives not entitled to any consideration before the law? Why not? Are they not possessed of the same nature and gifted with the same powers as other women? In what do they differ? Many of them are the a Howmag-nanimousinfae- SALT LAKE CITY. DECEMBER 1, 1881. A PLEA FOR UTAH. Not at any time within our remembrance has there ever been so much Paid in newspapers, and everywhere, publicly and privately, against the "Mormons," as at the present time; and we cannot help mentally exclaiming, What does it all mean? The "Mormons" are considered an ignorant people, despised by the great enlightened world at large; they occupy only a small Territory, they have scarcely any voice and no vote at the Capital! They are looked upon as an insignificant ( lass. Only a few years ago, they were driven into the wilderness, exiled from society, their homes aud the graves of their fathers. What haj wrought this wondrous change? All sorts of suggestions are being made to Congress, in regard to dealing with the "Mormons!" The advice comes from editors, priests and peoples. One might suppose that in the multitude of counsel there would be safety, or that from all these eoyrces there might be sufficient "wisdom drawn to protect the United States from a handful t pnoJe. What are they afraid of? Do not people come to Utah and do Just as they please? Have people been restricted here in "worshipping God In their own way? Is IL not proof positive of the fact asserted, when their chapels and churches are ereoted not only in the city, but In country towns, wherever it suits the convenience of the sect or party to go and settle? There is no place in all the broad land where American citizens are better protected In every right and privilege than iu Utah. If not, why do they come here? The "Mormons" are the old settlers, they are the and It was they who wrested the desert from barrenness. They made the roads and bridges and dug the ditches and canals, plowed and planted acd built, and Inhabited and established law and order. Why hould they be interfered with in their life, liberties or pursuit of happiness? Why not allow them to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences? What possible injury can they do this free and independent Republican government, this great and powerful nation? The Mormons are not popular, and therefore what influence can they have that need be feared? They wish simply to be respected in their rights as loyal citizens of the Hepubllc, and this is too much for thoe who are so determined to oppose them. When trie people of Utah have elected, by an overwhelming majority, a delegate to Congress, to protect or promote the interests of the whole people of the Territory, in whatever legislation may be brought forward concerning Utah, those who cannot poesioly be interested in the matter, and certainly do not comprehend it, are ready to denounce the measures and vilify the man whoe record is as clear as one can bemade,and to effect this, circulate all (he scandal and gossip that goes the rounds of newspa-pe- r and newsmongers. land-holde- rs land-owner- s. daughters of the I'uritans and inherit the same undaunted heroism. We are sincerely sorry for thoaewhoso misunderstand and misinterpret the motives and actions of the Mormon women, and who are so anxious to bring about legislation to deprive them of the rights and privileges accorded them by the laws of the Territory. If they could only patiently wait and see the result of carrying out the views which to to be 6o aggressive, them seem and which are sj decidedly unpopular in the nineteenth century. Is not the one in the marriage question the history of nations past, present and future? It is the condition by which the law of human progression is balanced, both in quantity and quality, in race and color. It is the actual power by which is carried out in life, the first command given to the human family, to multiply and replenish the earth; which commandment Is ntill in force. To improve in everything pertaining to a higher or more exalted life, or character, a!l the light and knowledge which can be produced shnild be brought forward. Strange that it never occurred to the great reason-er- s of the age, who are so anxious to reform and remodel society, that there might be conditions that required a change in the marriage relation. If such changes should be necessary woman must take a practical part in the innovation and the revolution which such a stati of things is sure to produce. If by self sacrifice, or say by laying aside selfishness and becoming endowed with that nobility of character, which will grasp the higher good for the larger number, a few women have shown themselves equal to the effort? Examine without prejudice intothertic7pteof this order of matrimony, aud it will be found a remedy for many evils that now exist in the world, and are causing sorrow and misery. Not only actual death, but de ith to all the finer sensibilizes of the soul, virtue, purity of life and the Look at the large cities progression of race. even in the new world! See the misery and which is so fast increasing year by year, and then reflect if there is not something needed to allay the wicked practices of men, which is the primal cause, and their victims women. Is itnt worth tho grandest effort of the human nt deg-radti- on soul? The "Mormons" stught in coming here and reclaiming a desolate wilderness, by the grace of God and under .His direction, to found a social system that should preclude all possibility of con, ditions such as exist in the world, at the present tiqie, implicitly believing that the Constitution gave them this linerty. The majority of them have been sincere, and the results have been as satisfactory a could be expected in one gepera-tkmwj- th all the opposing influences brought to bear against them from time to time in various forms and ways. Utah Is growing and increasThe inrapidly. population ing in thrift of and enterprise, dustry, The be cannot deniei. the people happiness and prosperity of the humble homes that exist throughout the country is something wonderful, unless one recalls the devotion of the occupants to God and their religion, which cannot but bring down the blessing of heaven upon labors thus directed. Then why not let well enough alone? There is no people more willing to privileges to all nations than the people of Utah. None who would more manfully maintain the honor of the nation. To them lhe Constitution, is a divine Instrument, given by inspiration. There is one right which cannot be de nied, even to Mormons, the right to petition Congress, and although Mormon-ismay be unpopular, yet men who sit in the grand councils of the nation, profess to hold it as a sacred duty, to present a petition from any citizen of the United States. One of the greatest men who ever occupied the position of Chief Executive of the nation said: "So far from refusing to present a petition because it might come from those low in the estimation of the world, it would be an additional incentive, if such incentive were wanting." But with God on the side of Justice, what Saints fear? Nothing. should the Latter-da- y The great onslaught that is being talked of against tae Mormons exists in the'imaglnation of those who are anxious to bring such measures about, to further their own wicked purposes. It is the same spirit that has prevailed in other ages of the world, the spirit that caused the Jews to cry "Crucify Him! Crucify Him!" ac-co- rd m Eelf-eam- e SISTERS' CONFERENCE AT COALVILLE. The Relief Societies of Summit Stake held their Quarterly Conference at Coalville on Friday, October 28, which we attended by invitation, in company with Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, of this city. Meeting commenced at ten a. m., Mrs. Mary Jane Atwood presidiug. Minutes of previous Conference were read, in which were included the formal resignation of Mrs. Sarah 8. Richards, the former President, who resigned on account of removing to another part of the country, and the fact that Mrs. M. J. Atwood had been formally chosen and unanimously elected to preside over the Relief Societies in Summit Co. Also that Mrs. Louisa Roundy had been chosen to preside over the Primary Associations of that Stake. Reports were read from the different branches, and verbal reportg were also given, which were very satisfactory. Speeches were made by Prest. W. W. OlufTJ Bishops Samuel Atwood, Jared Rcundy and Salmon, and Bro. Beard, also by Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mrs. E. B. Wells and the local sisters. Sister M. J. Atwood made some excellent remark! and although she expressed great timidity in regard to presiding, it was not apparent in her manner, which was dignified , and Impressive. The Conference only lasted one day, yet there was considerable business transacted and man insuggestions made calculated to promote the terests of the organizations represented there. The Conference adjourned until the last Friday in March. The sisters in Coalville are quietly but industriously working up a very prosperous millinery and dressmaking business in the interest of tbe Relief Society. They have built a house in most desirable locality, forty feet long, and width in proportion, and being on a corner it is lighted. In the front there is a very large sho window, which answers nicely to display fancy 