Y WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 90 Cohoes, N. Y., Oct. 24, 1881. Since I left Salt Lake City last August how often! hag my heart traveled back to the city of the .faints, beloved Zion ! In carrying out the purpose and work for which I came East, my time has' principally been spent among the Gentiles, strangers to the truth and lovers of pldre more than joyers of God. No one t Lilt a Latter-da- y Sam can realize the complete isolation and loneliness that one cans feel when far from the assemblies of the faithful, even in the midst of, the busy Ihrongs. that crowd the highways of labor and commerce. When I stepped off tbe cars here and received a warm welcome from Sister Clough. and Saint I felt that the sight of a - Latter-da- y was as refreshing to- my spirit as food and drink to a hungry and thirsty traveler. How blessed is the communion of Saints ! How cheerless this worldwpuld be. without the fellowship of kindred minds, the harmony of will and . purpose that binds, together the, children of our Heavenly Father in the new and ever.. lasting covenant. Perh aps a brief account of my work during the past two months will not be uninteresting to some of your readers. After resting a few days, in New York, and making acquaintance with those to whom letters of introduction had been given me, I found that I should' have considerable time on my hands before the medical schools would open, which might be emnlovef in mkoinngn advantageously . ii n.k m a.. J V. I accordingly made my way to Long Island, where at Kockville Center! met with a hearty welcome from Brother and Sister Pettit. Sister Zma baying eft me, in order to visit friends and relatives in the north, I was at liberty to arrange my plans as seemed most convenient-J cmllcd on the fiimiliea of th oso th&t had a name, and, a standing in, the Church. .Most of. i them were very .. glad to talk over the things of the Kingdom, but they are scattered Abroad like sheep without a shepherd. While on the Island I suffered considerably from malaria. The weather was sultry, thermometer . v., Jk -- At 104 108. to Leading .Long Island, I went to Hartford, Conn., where I spent a week very pleasantly, xloing all I could by social intercourse, answering questions and conversation, ; to , pre. sent a reasonable and correct view, of our faith And practice. After delivering an address in Unitf Church, at the Memorial , Services for President Garfield,, several persons a$ed me seriously Jf it was true that the Mormons had prayed tfor President Garfield's death, as the paper; said they did. This is the character of nearly all the inquiries made , of . me some question arising out- of the falsehoods and misstatements of the' newspapers. We' cannot blame the people here for their opinion' of n they have no means of judging of us exoept by the information they get from the newspapers, and when, the Joundation is falsehood what must the superstructure be ? I found my friend uaVutN, Y, had read the recent t - article, ifon, .l'ThB Mormonwe were eager to know v&arptft. bituaUo.; And why ch a man to Jive in pernnd who Uah, could, wnte such a tissue of "falsehood and scur- -' rmisrepresentation as they were convina.' . ! fHg ft- tte.ruits 1 101(1 leHenL there in of Mormon- - them the did peace, after publishing such slanders, was a complete refutation of hu whoj?i6Utement The Vlonnons. were: - lEffin ? M God punuhoient in. .tb returned from attending the Woman's Congress at Buffalo. (It was a gathering of women whose names stand high in the records of Phi- lanthropy, Education, Science, and Art poets, preachers, writers and workers. Among those whose strong individaality impressed' itself themind stands, prominently-Mr3- , . most vi vidly-upo- n of the julia Ward Howe, the President ' Association for the Advancement of Women, whriA Aicmitv tr crrflpj sRst.hplin culture and enthusiastic philanthropy have won for her. the- , .1 M tne warmest admiration oi an wnp come witnin scope of her influence. Mrs. Ednah D. Cheney was evidently a favorite with the audience, and whenever she arose to speak a murmur of ap- ran through the assembly. Mrs. grobation and intellectually one of the most brilliant voniinn onrl ftaa Toir n'nmon rf iYtet Tn.?t.TTnn t.hft n nlntfrnn artrt rmlrvif lecturer, who knows more and can say it better than one JiaJi of our average Congressman, were the recipients of hearty applause from tne auaience while discussing their lavonte Mrs. Belva A. Lockwood, the most topics. saccessful woman lawyer of the age; Triiose strongly marked features clearly indicate the indomitable energy and perseverance of her Mrs. cnaracter, witn Mrs. Mary .Livermore, w TT m TIT t lit n, i. woicott, Miss Abby May, and others, formed a galaxy of fair and worthy.women, wno wouia commana .respect m any community. As we avowed ourselves to be Mormons, we were not permitted an opportunity of representing either ourselves or those whose cause we had come to plead. .A little bird, whose place in ornithology haa not yet been determined by naturalists, whispered to i me that tne cniei oDjection to our admissiotf as mem- Ders oi tne a. a. w. was the tact that we as a people were violating the law T)f the land. X TTTl y nen i neara this, and looked upon the wo-imku who uai oeiore me, many oi whom were crowned with the silver, lilies of seven decades, memory involuntarily recalled the time, when these :same women in their prime proudly pmuteu me Danner oi r reedom lor the negro on the neck of the violated Fn Law. Every advance step in; the social, re- iigioua.ana poiiucai progress of our race! haa been taken over the debris of broken statutes and violated laws. Resistance to and violation of unjust and oppressive enactments "were the birth-pang- s of American Independence, ana iue prooiem oi woman s salvation and exaltation through the nrininlA niottki be will Marriage wrought out under similar conditions. The "hi?her law" wr e the abolitionists achieved. their great- uai, tiuturim uas never oeen repealed God s truth marches not backward, and the trumpet of His Gosnel ""sliftll Zina D. H. Young. . Editor Woman's Exponent : Adey, A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN. Sister.Zina D. Young and myself have just DR. FERGUSON'S LETTER. ntment. hands ".of .the , Alt! 1 Speneerof-Washingtonrpersonal- ly fn wll-Vnnw- 7 . . widow,.Margaret. The church records of Rox-burMass., contain the. earliest record of the Huntington name known in New England, and is in the handwriting of Rev. John Elliot himself, the pastor of that ancient This m the record: 'Margaret Huntington, widow, came in 1633. Hpr bihslwi Kv the way, of smallpox. She brought children with her "Tradition sata 'that Simon, the P nrlfh'ri im migrant, sailed for this country to, escape the y, locouuuuu H van iCHCUU " 111(5 speeches and essays were good, some of them excellent. They contained a tW woman and the scholar, the factory jrirl and wviiiiu auu iue for the "brave daughters of theprostitute, but desert," the women of the New and Everlasting Covenant, who make womanhood the synonym for wife" and erown motherhood with eternal honors there was neither place nor voice. I contrasted tuo Fceeumgs or this Uongress of Christian women, who opened and closed their eix sessions without prayer or thanksgivingpublic with our own. meetings in Utah, where .?nn?; for the presence and blessing rof bur Father pur assemblies and depend- -- r - UA every speater. bisters in Zinn nA n i . WSi faUliful and endure unto the end; and receive a crown of life, which the Lbrd ye w11 UlH Wirr v. anW 1 wiyey 7ou inthat day uJDon l wno oDey not His lawi 1 Wt' "poured" . iion-coniormi- were sts d ! Huntington far. 'The character of his immediate'descendants is perhaps m proot of both statements; they were thoroughly' Endish in their feelin vs. affin i ti p and laneuace: and that thev oughly rehpous, their names and o$cial connection with the earlv churnhfts in 'th'is' abundantly attest.' "Of One of mv tVio t Huntington family memoir records thus: 'John. DTeat-nTRnrJffitliP- rc worn in Norwich, uonn., March 15,' J666; married, December 9, 1686 Abigail daughter of ttuiuei xaiurop, wno was 'born in: May, 1667. Her father moved to Norwich from NiwLon- don, to Which Place he had (rnnfi- ..af,.tn Mass,, in 1648. ' 'Hef was 'the-'soof 'the Rev. John Lathrop, who, for a a preacher in ths First Congregational Chnrch organized in London. years, and whbbn beihg released in 1634; came to this country, and became the first minister nnr 1- wuicu subjected during the administrations of Laud and Charles the First. TmHl, tion also declares him to have been beyond . J l i an mi 11 aouot lhe Kev. & li. HuntijCingiisnman. his in ngdon, genealogical- - memoir of the " old-tim- vu high-hande- .... l.t. 1 The subject of this pen sketch is, like many other eminent women of the Latter-da- y Saints, directly descended from the Puritans of New England, and her grandfather, William Huntington, served three or four years in the Revolutionary" army. The father of Mrs. Zina D. H. Young was also a patriot, and served in the war of 1812. Samuel Huntington wwV O ' one of the Declaration of the of signers Independence, was the uncle of this oldrfeVolnt.innarvRolrHoi.. ' so Sister iina, as:; she is familiarly known to our peupie, is a. Jineai represeutauve oi tne noble blood of the Huntingtohs, ' She says: "My fathers's family is directly descended from Simon Huntine-tan-o. the Pun. tan immigrant, who sailed for America in 1633. ne died on the sea, but lelt three sons and his nf Knit.nato ' - " ' ' - "The' lathrobs. from wln the iamilv Was dirpnt nl"n tWot-oother branches of tKe TTnt in ,i- Kin 01 both sides, anrl mv dotcx p-- j: r throp Huntington, bears the family name of generations. i ; My arandfathet, W t soldipr. mnm'n revolutionary a ivi xicaciiuxa xja- . was u and : bnft sf tithrop: Black River Valley, in Northern New' York. , He wasa'fiative'of Tolland Hnwyear 1774 removed to New Hampshire; where he resided 'tintil - 'i,u Watertown, Jerson Co., New ifini Diahtha Huntlnfrtn 1821. 31, at Watertnwn TT Ziiha ! TT -- .2L:j York,' t. '' "t,,w u'JTw.-fw it n lamer u . liamirluntiDsrtonhGr mntKet-- 7;w t?'-- i, father was one of the first physicians m New Hampshire.'1 3?e2!r Her mn)mM Aw i:t-wi- a Dimock "descended from family Dimockk.hose Wnresehta trves aeld the hereditary knMchampions'Hp of England! 'infefAV L Queen Elizabeth's of- - Both the were - mnSfei stnet Preebyterians. Of her mother aho 