The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 10. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 1, 188 J. THE YOUNG MAY MOON. BY HANNAH T, KINO. The young May Moon ! Ah! well might Moore And such as he, thine advent Ring, How many human eyes before Whose vision thou dost Heaven bring ! How many hearts have bowed beneath Thy mystic charm of crescent beam, Surrounding us as with a wreath sheen ! Of glory from its How many hearts are raised from earth 'While 7.ing on thy. placid face, Tea thou hast oft dispell'd the dearth That hung oer our abiding place; We may not kiss our hand to thee Nor yet the knee in worship bend, But thou Bhalt be & voice to me, And I thro' thee will whisperings send To Him, who hung theo up above, As One of nis Omniscient Eyes ! As on the Altar of my love J lay my votive sacrifice ! Oh! glorious concave! as I stand And thro' thy golden vistas gaze, My spirit eye beholds the Itand Of God with silent, fond amaze. The starry vault, a whispering tongue By every listening ear is heard, That tells of ncaven on Earth begun, A lamp by which to read His word. wor-drou- if . s . as brethren. That Missionary Unipod was honest in his antagonism to his son, and to those associated hut language fails to paint the theme. Tlic young May Moon has coma and waned Spring flowers come forth, then fade and die And knowledge thus is daily gained That life and death around us lie Types of the resurrection thene Mankind start forthwith beauty rlie then pass away by fell deseaso By life and death in mortal strife ! Father ! withdraw the awful veil, The grand Beyond that we may &ee l et dream or vision tell tha tale Wh(n wo shall dwell iudeed with Tho Salt Lake City, May 1881. ! ! LIVING LINKS: OR SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BT AVONDALE. concluded. One of the tenets of the Gospel received by Saints in common with all other the Latter-da- y principles of truth, i3 that of baptism for the dead; this was regarded by the Missionary Unipod a3 being wickedly absurd if not and as to plural marriage, although the, ancient patriarchs practised it, the entire institution was the device of the devil to lead men into licentiousness, according to that gentleman's opinion. And he felt justified iu opSaints on account of posing the Latter-da- y London City misthe as did these doctrines, sionaries generally. If this opposition had been conducted upon Christian principles, that m in the Spirit of love,it might have been justifiable, but the most rancorous hate was manifested. It did not seem to enter into the mind of the Missionary that the Gospel Jesus taught was that oflove,and that the fruits of the Spirit, conferred upon his disciples were love, joy, peace, gentleness, and all the un-scriptur- al, -- 1 n long-sufferin- g, spoken and written about this good man. The "Mormon" son followed the remains oi his father to their last resting place, conscious that had the lather lived he would no longer have opposed the Gospelr And thercrwere assurances that all would be well with the delips of the parted missionary, given by-th-e was a Your father good man, priesthood. Lord by the work of toi the honestly opposed reason of his own traditions, he will inherit a great Terrestrial glory H. The name of the beloved father is now recorded among the names the I awiof Baptism; of those who d and the "Mormon" son still lives to see Temples built in honor of the Most High, in which the glorious work of salvatipn for the living and the deaiLshalL befina'iLoasummated. z: . have-honore- WORD OF WISDOM. d young May Moon, again I turn To gaze upon its silent beam, Am thought within ray bosom burn i with him in religious faith there ean be no he called his question. Even on his death-be"Mormon" son close to him, and, whispered: "Joseph, I am going to leave you, and we shall never meet again." But that "Mormon" son knew more than his dving father did of the nature of the Gospel of Christ He knew the meaning of the comprehensive words of Jesus. "He that believeth in me, though he were dead yet shall he live." He knew that the glorious Gospel is not narrowed down to paltry sectarian dimensions. He had received of the Spirit of the Gospel, that Spirit which takes of the things of the Father and the Son, and reveals them to every true believcrJYeaiiuidiliatSpiril was there, by the side of the dying bed of the devoted Missionary, to bless and cheer his father. The "Mormon", son who himself was a missionary at that time took the right hand of his beloved father and whispered to him in turn, with words of hope: "Father I know where you are going to and I will come and visit you." Yes ! and the father believed thee words, earned home to the heart as they were by the Spirit of Truth. It takes but a short time to open the visions of the mind to the spiritual things of this creation when God quickens the understanding. In the twinkling of an eye the dying father saw his son in his true colors, he loved him1 then ! Trying to apologize for harshness towards him, a thing that was quite .'unnecessary, he asked forgiveness, but everything had lorig since been forgiven ! It is not surprisitg then that the "Mormon" son has been baptized in Zion for his beloved father; gone into the water for him; that although he had died without having honored the law, it should be honored for him: Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter; the kingdom of God." That the son had a clear right to minister on earth for the deceased father, the ordinances of the Gospel have made provision for; ano! in the human family there will always bo a "Hving link some where by which the temporal and spiritual can be united. The time may be long in accomplishing all the redemptions that are possible, but the eternities are long. Thus all may have an opportunity of receiving the Gospel, and the time shall come that "Every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confer that Jesus is the Christ, to the glory of God the eulogies , The . So thoroughly imbued was Mr. virtues,. Unipod with enmity to "Mormonism" that even his "Mormon" son" was hated. Now if Christian people would reflect they would find no justification in hating any one, on account of difference of religious opinion. So sensible of this were the founders of the London City Mission itself, that one of its law3 prohibited doctrinal discussions, lest they should lead to division. So long a3 the missionaries were guided by thi? wholesome rule, the affairs of the entire mission prospered, and when active hostility commenced against the missionary Elders of the Latter-da- y Saints, internal discord began and brotherly love ceased to characterize them No. 1. Father." The London City Missionary was followed to the grave by scores of his fellow missionaries. Thirty-fiv- e years he had been doing the work of the Master in the best manner he knew how to do,and his works follow him. Many were the HEAD AT THE ASSOCIATION IN THE ELEVENTH WARD. I have been appointed to write an essay on this subject, and I have tried to I do not express ft few of my ideas ufjOn it. most-talked-- of think it consists altogether in not taking tea, coffee and strong drinks, but we should use wisdom in every act of our live3. For instance, it is not wisdom for us young people to keep late hours, as there are so many temptations to lead astray the unsuspecting, nor Is it wisdom far. us. to dress ourbodieauLthaL wayud ner that is both unbecoming and unhealthy and sinful in the sight of the Lord. It is not wisdom for us to associate with those that are not of. up, for many are wicked and designing, and would lead us from the paths of virtue and truth. Neither is it wisdom for us to make gluttons of ourselves in taking everything that our appetites crave and that will injure us both bodily and spiritually. We all will admit that tea, coffee, tobacco, strong drinks and meats are good in their place, and if we should learn to use them for the purpose Nature intended and that they were created for. There are a great many other things that could be said on this subject, but which I will leave till some future day; and in the meantime, let us try to practice the "Word of Wisdom" in the few matters that I have written upon, and that wTe may all have strength to do so' is my earnest desire. Florence Ridges. Mr. Mason secured Friday, May 27th, for the discussion of his Resolution, in the House of Commons, England: ''That in the opinion of this House the parliamentary franchise should be extended to women who possess the qualifications which entitle men to vote, and who, in all matters of local government, have the right of voting." The "History of Woman Suffrage," edited by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony and Matilda Joslyn Gage, is to be issued in two royal octavo volumes, nearly one thousand pages each, illustrated with .many fine steel portraits of eminent women. Volume 1 is now ready, contains 878 pages and 12 steel enPrice, gravings. Sold only by subscription. bound in heavy cloth, imitation morocco, per volume, $5.00 in full calf; marble edge3, per vol uraer ?b.oO. 1 Agents. wanted si cial terms 'and',temtory'wilI';:bevveiLi';:"Ad p, iTT -- it. tv.vi t i i to- uiiiu-way,,7 - vwier uresa u euvjruuiisnei3,ua a, NeW York. to-who- m -- - - -- - ' tj; 