WOMAN'S EXPONENT. there to study the Hebrew language, B. Marsh I can remember, president Thomas the tvhle studying, around others, seated md they would frequently practice talking Hebrew, which afforded us children considerable amusement, and often they would burst out laughing at their own awkward mistakes. Xhev were all young men, and as humble as I often heard my parent little children. of those days and how their hearts were bound together as one. They were willing to or scrip to the nations to go without purse preach the Gospel, the spirit and power of their mission resting down upon them. If they had always cultivated that humility, nothing could have destroyed their union. them met To .131 1847, she wrote a poem entitled "Come To The Valley" addressed to Sisters M. A. Young Vilate Kimball and E. A. Whitney, from which we quote a verse or two showing her anxiety to be reunited with them. , "Oft my spirit seems to mingle With you, whereso'er you arc; That you soon may reach the valley, Is my earnest daily praye." 'Alt is weH, is well In Zion' Zion is the pure in heart: Coia,-along, you holy women, And your blessings here impart." I anticipate the period When you to the valley come: Haste and leave yonr Winter-Quarter- le continued. s Here you1! MY HEART. Thoagb all the world proclaim me good and noble. Tho' friend and foe, alike, should speak my fame. Vet must I ttaiid in sorrow, hushed and humbled, Uuless lqj heart can srefik to m'5 the pame, Truly "its own bitterness, each heart knoweth,'' Each knoweth best his own Insetting sins. Though by no outward sign its weakness phowctb. Th'J Heart will claim no praise but what it win.--. Though 'mong my friend I tear an unstained record, God knoweth if mj heart is pure and true; Before llim lies my life nor jot, nor tittle, Of ein, or weakness hidden from his view. though the world condemn me without mercy, And rumor's forked tongue 6hould peirce me through; Yet if my heart approves it cannot hurt me, The earth is just a3 green, the sky as some may misconstrue my words aud motives, May scan my actions with a critic's eye, Yet if I only aim for truth and justice, My father's tender love will bear me by. "What blue-Thoug- O h precious boon! O gift of highest heaven! The inner consciousness of pure desire, eartbJy.lwitto.r,npr no worldly censure Can dim thy lustre, or quench thy fire. No ESTHEB A, BEXSI05. Vebxon, Jan. 18th, 1831. PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH. Continued from No 12, Nov. 15 1880.) Sister Eliza may be said to have commenced a new era in her life when she arrived in the valley. To be sure the first year was spent in retirement, home duties, and comforting the Saints who came round her in hours of trial, for those were the days which tried the souls of men and women; days of adversity , and yet heaven showered down rich blessings upon them. Her pen was busy at every available moment and many were consoled, strengthened and encouraged by the inspirational muse, who never has forsaken her under any circumstance, or changes. Sister Eliza felt a little lonely in those davs being separated from some of the sisters with whom she had been intimately associated, but still she rejoiced that she had reached a haven of rest after having participated in the persecutions and exile of the Saints. Her health improved and ner Spirit soared aloft and she drank in invigorating draughts of intelligence, which were poured out in verse,and song and psalms of praise. She had been designated by .Joseph the prophet, Zion's Poetess; and though he w as gone, and her years were multiplying, she continued to write and a double portion of the spirit of her. mission and calling seemed to rest upon her. Her diligence her faithfulness, and integrity are worthy emulation by the daughters of Zion. When yearning "tenderly forth ose she had left behind, in November . letter home.'" Peaceful and contented in her hunblc home, full of faith and buoyant in spirit she trod thV path of duty. In the fall of s IS, Pres. Young" arrived in the valley, and this wa& a time of public rejoicing and demonstration, and .Sister Eliza as was her wm chronicled in verse the important event. It was entitled "The Salutation" and inscribed to President Yonng and his Counselors. The poem is published in volume one of "Poems by E. It. Snow," page 196. We regret we cannot publish more of her poetical writing in this short sketch, but we will give here one verse from the "Salutalind a 1 tion. "To our Chieftain all hail to his counselors too, With the Camp of the Saints that escaped from Nau-vo- o; "Up through great tribulation," indeed you have come-- ' To this beautiful valleywc welcome you home." After Pres. Young's arrival the city began to be built up and he made arrangements for his family to have comfortable homes though of course they were primitive in all their appointments. These cottages are yet referred to as the "Log Kow," and were situated just above Gate. In one of what is known as, the dwelt a these Sister Eliza choicest articles were written there. As time passed on a place was consecrated in which holy ordinances might be administered and then it became necessary that woman should perform her part of the sacred work. Sister Eliza was called uj on to take part in these administrations, as a Priestess in the House of the Lord, in which calling she has officiated up to the present. Thousands of the daughters of Zion,have received blessings under her hands, and therefore with the utmost propriety she may be called a Mother in Israel In every public assembly where women took part she has been anWtivc participant, and in Mormon history she has been ever conspicuous. She has written much both in prose and poetry for public .gatherings and demonstrations and perhaps no other woman has attained such is repopularity among this people. She y in the cognized as a leader, ;and stands Latter-day front rank and at the head of the Sometime subSaint women's organizations. when sequent to the settling of the valley and wards and settlements were pretty generally systematized Pres. Young called for a reorganization of the Relief Society which had formHe called erly existed in the days ofNauvoo. oil Sister Eliza to assist in these organizations, and associate with her in this labor Sister Zina D. Young. This cave to Eliza and Zina the precedence which they Lave since held. In the work of organizing Sister Eliza among women. stands Her life has been consecrated to Gospel work and devoted to the elevation of woman and her redemption from the condition in which she has been so long held, helping to lift her into that freedom of action and range of thought from which custom and tradition Jle to-da- pre-emin- ent In have for ages excluded her. thiss connection we may with propriety mention that the opinion of the world regarding woman's position in this Church is entirely astray. The principles and spirit of the Gospel are "altogether incompatible with the serfdom of woman." At a mass meeting of o or 0 000 women held in Salt Luke City Jan. 13, 1870, just previous to the grunting of the franchise, by the Utah Legislature in Feb. of the same year,a woman's meeting called on purpose to enter a protest, against the "Cullom Bill' Sister Eliza made a strong and brilliant speech from which we make a brief extract as illustrative of the assertion made above. "Our enemies pretend that, in Utah, woman is held in a state of vassalage that she does not act from choice but by coercion that we would even prefer life elsewhere, .. . . p .. 1,.. ., were :.lll possumout ee;ije, lor u. 10 iuith.e W hat nonsense! We all know that if we wished we could leave at any timeeither to go singly, or to rise "timnxn and there is no power here that could, or would wish to prevent us. " I will now k of this assemblage of intelligent ladies do you know of aii)- place on the face of the earth, where woman has more liberty: and where she enjoys such high and glorious privileges' as she does here as a Latter-da- y Saint? No! the very idea of a woman here in a state of slavery is a burlesque on good - Were we comm )U sense." the stupid, degraded, heart-brokebeings that we have been represented, silence might better become us, but as women of God filling high and responsible positions, performing sacred duties women who stand not as dictator, but as counselors to their. husbands, and who, in the purest, noblest sense of refined womanhood, are truly their helpmates We not only speak because we have the right but justice and humanity demands we should." Politically this grand mass meeting was th turning point in the history of the women of Utah, for ere another month had elapsed the legislature had passed the bill giving suffrage to woman and she was free in the sense of cit- l Vvvi:r. i t ,i c'.v.A T?i: lzenstlip. in inu OlSlr XjXUM. rejuieeu icciiu aa Sk great air sWfttfttWid&ijaj. I" l H'AWlWlT t ' ifin mi. question oi ine penou wincu .mvuiveo uAuauo in emancipation. Sister Eliza realizes the portance attacneu to mesegruwiug icejiuuaium ties and the urgent necessity of educating women to appreciate the ballot as well as to exercise her physical agency by going to the polls. i- .- a-- -- n :: . . . 1 . - ' To be Contin ued. - FRIENDSHIP. I have just been reading some of our dear paper. I would like to say a friendship, is the greatest blessing of life; that, to me, A true friend apart from our own hearthstone. in all life's phases is truly a blessing; one who can see your imperfections (as none are exempt) sometimes feel them, but true as steel a friend in childhood, a friend in old age, a friend in all life's vicissitudes one to whom you can lay or ill, still your open your heart's secrets good froma friend to do you good; reproof one is sweet to the ear. Such a friend is priceless. Oh! my sister let us cultivate true friendbe true to the ship like Damon and Pythias, death, with no thought of reward, no guile. tried and true. My old friends are dear indeed, live upright to .seek God bless all those who before him who dwelleth in the beavens. Ever sisters' thoughts in our excellent few words on ch " be faithful and true. B. M. J. B . Rioimoxd, Dec. 19, 1880. , reMes. Hayes is eaid to be a women of markable' endurance. She never has any illand ness except an' occasionaL looks much younger than she is forty-nin. sick-headach- e, e. 