, the child leeb there is .rfect sy in path or liarmouy between father and, mother, there will be a greater power for good in the organization of that child. Thoe who do not care to have settled homes, butHive in hotels or lodgings, have very little idea, it seems to me, of the impression made upon character by the social influences of home and its appointments and surroundings. Mothers cannot be too careful of the home-life- ; children are very keen-eyevery watchful. They soon discover any discrepancy, any lack of duty or respect from any one member of the family towards another, and although there are none of us perfect in this life; in fact all are ver imperfect, yet it is much better? to show a spirit of humility and forbearance even towards our children than to attempt to that which is likely to mis-leaconceal ordis-niisor destroy confidence in the family rela11' -- d, e d tions. I do not think too much can be said of home influences, for it is the homes of the people that elevate the nation. We can never attain any great degree of progression, as a people, without neat, orderly, healthy, homesj those countries where strife, confusion and oppression are the ruling elements have miserable homes. The more refined the home,the more intensely cultivated in heart and soul the inmates of that household, and all who associate there partake of that refining, elevating, purifying influence, and the dwellers in that home carry that elevation into other homes. well-regulat- ed "The world has nothing to bestow; From our own selves our joys must flow, And that dear hut our homo." Let mothers encourage their sons to have homes of their own, be they ever so lowly and humble; if love be the inmate, if sweet peace and contentment sit with the happy pair by the fireside; if the young couple work together to promote each other's interest and eiijoyment.the poorest dwelling is a happier home than the grandest palatial residence of the rich without these essential elements of human happiness. "Domestic happiness! thou only bliss Of Paradise that has survived the fall.' How many are there who have lived a long and useful life,who began with almost nothing, but by energy and perseverance made themselves a home, perhaps built it with their own hands, planted the trees, and watched them year after year as they grew to maturity, and as time rolled on, gathered little by little the comforts and elegancies of prosperity in a home where in the evening of life they rest after the struggles with labor and toil may are ver. Aunt Em. HOME. Home, is the place to become refined, the place to cultivateheumind, the place i where peace should always reign, and love and virtue have dominion. Oh, how that one word Home, strikes upon the tender chords of affection and seems to awaken a memory of all the scenes of life through, which we have passed. Home the place of our birth, the place where life began, the place where we spent childhood's happy hours,: and many of the joys of youth. 'Twas alsQ. there where- our sorrows where we saw our innocent, childlike began, daydreams of the future vanish and wo learned the first lesson of the away, realites of life; 'twas there our characters were formed, and to home we owe our 'Hwai there we reputation learned .and lisp our to place prayer, our trust in him, who rules and governiall e thmgsptwar-therwe Derail to exercise the talents which the Lord had given us, and our nnnda began to expand and we. began to grasjl after knowledge and understanding, 'twas there - WOMAN'S EXPONENT in youth that looked forward with bright hopes, to womanhood and thought that when we at that point all Wuuld be pleasure and happiness. But as we advance! on the journey of life and drew nearer, to thatera in woman's life we began to realize that rases grew on briery shrubs and with the flowers we found the thorns, as it is through all the journey of life, joy and sorrow are intermingled together, and where good as well as evil always presents itself but now as we glance back over the beautiful hilltops of memory to behold the home of our childhood and pathway of youth nothing but the beautiful flowers and evei greens appear. Memory has cast over the pathway a carpet of green and all nature is .covered with beaufi-- ' ful foliage as we look back 'tis grand to behold. Yet we know the thorns were also there, for as we passed along they often pierced our tender flesh and sometimes even our hearts and had it not have been for that good spirit, the guard Tan angel who bade us take courage and live for something more noble and sublime than this world could produce,we might have shrunk from duty, and sunk' down by the way side to spend our lives in folly seeking the vain things of this life which would have produced a multitude of thorns to pierce us in eternity, but those little trials that so sorely vexed us have all been for our good and will no. doubt prove a blessing to us throughout all our existence, and again as we look forward to gaze upon scenes yet future hope brightens every object that presents itself to view. Our future home appears in the distance brightened with fresh rays of sunshine very elegantly adorned and all the luxuries of life abound there, the path appears to be strewn with flowers we quicken our pace and hasten on to obtain that long wished for treasure but alas! as our joy is increased our sorrow is multiplied. So remember young friends as you proceed on the journey of life, and extend your hand to grasp those roses the pleasures of life, remember that their stems are briery though they may be concealed beneath beautiful leaves. L. E. W. we arrive ARTISTIC NEEDLE-WORK- . 63 .... alofic Mr Vanderbilt has agreed to pay from' 8,000 to 810,000, the magnitude of which sum will give some idea of the expenditure of time, talent, and labor involved. The hangings of the Union League Club House and the roni curtains of the; ladison Square Theatre, which is, perhaps, the most beautiful specimen of art needlework in the world, were designed and executed by the above named ladies, with the assistance of the band of artists who work under them, To Mr. Lafargo has been confided the manufacture of the portieres and curtains for Mr. Vanderbilt's library and dining room, and the full sized cartoons elaborately drawn and painted, which are to serve as models to the ladies who are to reproduce them on silks, satins and velvets, will soon be rcadv for inspection in Miss TillinghastV studio. Ex. INTERNATIONAL MEDICAL The International Medical Congress commenced its sittings by a meeting in St. James's Hall, on August 3d. With that contemptuous gallantry towards women which is the distinctive feature of the English branch of the Medical Profession (though even in England there are some honorable exceptions), it was expressly ruled that ladies should only be invited by the reception committee to attend the social meetings, and rigidly excluded from the sections. ye have no special objection to the exclusion of the general public, provided such exclusion be impartially carried out though, even in this case, many of the sections treat of questions which would be heardeeply interesting to the er. Section XIII. in State Medicines had subjects, every one of which is of general importance, such as how to prevent the diffusion of various diseases from country to country, and Section VIII., which deals with mental diseases, discussed problems which greatly concern all philanthropistSjSUch as new legal codes as part of asylum treatment, cottage and village treatment, the civil condition of the insane, and the question of special asylums for insane criminals. If, however, the Profession claim their right to exclude the public, they have no right to carry this exclusion to the lawfully-graduate- d and diplomaed women doctors. This is the seventh International Congress; the preceding six have been held in foreign countries, and have admitted properly qualified women to be present acknowledging that they had equal knowledge of and similar interest in the subjects discussed, as properly qualified men. They had fullowed the same studies, passed the same examinations, and the seuse of indecorum, therefore, which would intrude if the unqualified public w?re permitted to be listeners of the debates, could not in this case be felt. Nothing, as H.R.H. the Prince of Wales remarked in his opening address, so promotes the increase of scientific knowledge, a r voting iu these congresses: the practitioners of ck-'- nation by attending the congress would have opportuni-tie- s of acquiring knowledge that would be of considerable value. Why, then, are women doctors to be excluded from these benefits, which it has been found by experience on the continent, they can profitably enjoy. A protest was signed by all the ladies who are registered medical practitioners, setting forward their claim to form part of the congress, but it met with no response. A story h current in London that at the preliminary meeting' of the executive committee, the majority were - disposed the precedent in thismat ter, but were dissuaded by Sir William Jenner, who declared that he was empowered to remove the name of the Queen as patron of the The storv congress if ladies were admitted. non-profession- al non-profession- Among other revivals of the olden time we notice that of artistic needle-worIt was the favorite occupation many years ago of female royalty and ladies of high degree." Years were spent in ornamental tapestry, and to" excel in work of this sort was deemed one of the highest accomplishments. It is now being revived as an industrial occupation for women. We clip the following notice from one of our Exchanges, which niay be interesting to those who admire exquisite work with the needle: " The New York Sun says that very few persons are aware of the extent to which art needlework and art decoration are now cultivated in that city. The Society of Associated Artists, which includes among its members names of American some of the now and opens a wide field sculptors, painters for the employment of women of rtistic taste and talent. The enormous prices that are cheerfully paid by men of large wealth for the beautifying of their city and country homes, has made it quite worth while for artists of no mean reputation to turn their thoughts from the production of uasalable oil and water-colo- r pictures to the frescoing of ceilings, the designand, above all, to the execuing of tion of picturesque hangings and curtains for s and private dwellings up theatres, towu. The hangings and wall decorations for Cornelius Vanderbilt' the ., dra new hoasC are already in the hands of Louis C. Tiffany's large corps of lady embroiderers, under the management and superintendance of Mrs." Wheeler and Miss Cutler. For this one k. best-know- n wall-paper- s, club-room- wmg.-room- of -- u to-fbll- ow- al 