WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A "reorganization of Uie . Primary Association of South Cottonwood waseflected on MonMar-th- a day, May 24th, the former President, Mrs. Q. Voting, having resigned, on account of dilleaving the Ward. Mrs. Young has labored igently in the position, and been very successful in bringing the children forward. Bishop Rawlins selected as her successor, Mrs. Elizabeth Davis, President, and a complete new board of officers. Mrs. Ellen C. S. Clawson organized. The meeting was an interesting one. Much good instruction was given by Sister E. R. S. Smith and other sisters. The Bishop made a few closing rmarks. Tite Old Folks' Excursion this year will take place on the 22nd of Juno, the birthday of the veteran, Bishop Edward Hunter. On that day this illustrious father in Israel will bo 88 years old. It has been decided that the excursion go to Ogden, which seems to offer better facilities for enjoyment than any other place. Bro. C. R. Savage, who is on the committee, tells us they will take in old folks by the way at all the stations on the route, and that the party will be lemonaded and serenaded. One must feel sure of the success as far as arrangements for enjoyment is concerned, knowing the committee to be Bishop Edward Hunter, George Qoddard and C. R. Savage. Particulars will be given in ull in due time. On Wednesday afternoon, May 24, Mrs. It. B. Pratt, M. D., delivered a most interesting and instructive lecture in the Social Hall, exclusive- Disbursements To the poor, $3,46S.31; emu gration, $210.43; temples, $1,214. 11; home . industries, $639.97; books, 143.13; missionary ,$9S. 70, buildings, SI, 617.47; Indians $66. 45. Totals on hand in cash, property and wheat, $36,822.24. President Cannon passed a high encomium on the.neat and comprehensive report the lades had presented, and also on the labors that the sisters have so zealously performed, and considered there can be no one at all acquainted with the good being accomplished by them but must highly appreciate them., -- OBITUARIES. Died: in Evanst on, Vyomiug Territory, April 13th, 18S1, of heart, tiieae, Mary Ann Sehopp, daughter of Thomas add Ann Hewitt, and wife of Phillip Sehopp, horn Febuary 4th 1827, at Sutter Leasdel, Derby, England. Baptized July 14th, 1849. Was the mother of 11 children 8 of whom are now living: deceased was a faithful member of the' Relief Society and died a true Latter-da- y Saint. Another faithful Saint has been called from this world of care and sorrow to share in the joy, blessings, and enjoy the society of the jut made perfect by suffering. On the 18th of May, at her residence in the 4th Ward, Provo, Booth, wife of Bishop J. E. Booth, and daughter of George P. and Edith Billings, after an illness of three weeks, passed away from earth to her eternal home. The funeral services were conducted at the Prevo meeting house, May 20th. Mrs. Booth was born March 12, 18u2, in Provo. Sister Hannah will be mjped from the ranks of those who are patiently striving to labor for the advancement of God's kingdom on .the earth. She held the dual offices of Counselor to the Y. L. M. I. A. and President of the 1th Ward Primary Association for several years. During the past year she has faithfully discharged the duties of a school teacher In the Ward. She accepted the position aB she did all other responsibilities from a sense them falthfullj and humbly. That her labors were appreciated, was made manifest by the loving attentions of friends, and the groups of anxious little faces which came during her Illness to enquire how their dear teacher was. Truly has it been aid of her, "She served the Lord in soberness and purity,vand was a true, devoted, Joving wife and friend; her faithfulness can only be appreciated now that she is beyond all earthly cures. O, what a satisfaction it is when we see a Saint go to rest,surrounded by husband, parents, relatives and friends, who watch the departing spirit with the knowledge that "tho loved one" has lived to merit all the blessings which mortals are entitled to, who have lived in accordance with all of the commandments given to the Saints. Never was the divine principle of Celestial Marriage more honored than by Sister h ssuo. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. 18S1. The Relief Society report was read and accepted as follows: Officers of the Reilef Society central organization, Eliza R. Snow Smith, President; Zina D. Young and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Counselors; Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary; M. Isabella Home, Treasurer. their Stake Presidents who h ive Bear Lake, Julia P. Linsey; Davis, Sarah Holmes; Juab, Amelia Goldsburgh; Kanab, Elizabeth Nuttall; Millard, Belinda M. Pratt; Morgan, Lydia Rich; Parowan, Ellen W. Lunt; Salt Lake, M. Isabella Home; St. George, Minerva W. Snow; Summit, Sarah S. Richards; Tooele, Mary Ann Hunter; Utah, Margaret T. Smooth Weber; Jane 8. Richards; Sevier, Eliza beth Bean; Box Elder, Harriet A. Snow. The lolloping organized Stakes not reported: Wasatch, Arizona, Little Beaver, Cache, Colorado and Eastern 'Arizona . Total of teachers, 1,530; members, lyioO; officers and members, 12,288; meetings held, J$o32; average attenderioe, 3;8&4. ts: -d- Be it Jiesotecd, That we, the young ladies of this Association, mingle in sympathy our sorrows with the bereaved husband, parents and family of our dear departed sister, and express our united prayer and sincere hope, 'that the Lord, in his mercy, will comfort them by redoubled bieesing.of His holy spirit, arid That a copy of these Be it further EmU-zdresolutions be fuui'ed the husband and parents, be published In the Enquirer , Woman's on the records of the AsExponent and sociation r EziiLY G. Ciajff, Prefc. ' - Mrs-Hanna- delivery is easy. The lecture was indeed regret to say it' was not very well attended. The subjects of hygiene and physiology of the human system must be more .generally understood ere that prOgr esfTCan be made in race and condition which is exited will be the result of a higher education. The' young ladies and mothers would do well to devote some time and means to acquire knowledge upon these subjects and not leave It to the physicians alone. It is an imperative duty that every woman should know something concerning the forces and attributes of her owu being. Towards the close of the lecture the Dr. laid before the audience some plain facts substantiating physiologically the system of plural marriage, from which we will make a few extracts in our next 5 Otti x,i e Maimer, Sec'y. AT REST. the lenefit of a sister who is about to graduate at Ann Arbor, Mich. Mrs. Pratt is a pleasing speaker and her manner of er-por- Woman's Expoxemt taken, 960. On hand at date of last report: Cash, $3,342.21 ; property,, $21,099.23; wheat, 9,859 bushels. Receipts In cash, $3,279 28; in .'property, $.V13.20; in wheat 670 bushels.; . , ly to ladies, for APRIIi CONFERENCE, -- Die: in Evanstou Wyoming Territory, May 8tb, 1881, of Paralysis, Sarah Whittle aged 74 years one month and 11 days; she emigrated from Botton Lancashire, England, September. 13th, 1876. Sister Whittle died in full hope of a glorious resurrection; was a faithful teacher of the Relief Society of the Evanstou Ward, was always found in the path where duty called her, and when the message from the Master came, she was ready with her" lamp trimmed and burning. Mrs. H. Burton President R. S. Miss Maud Burton, Secretary. M Menial Star please copy. uty-discharging CHILDREN'S FAIR. Editor Exponent; In readinga notice in your last paper of a Children's Fair, which Is in contemplation, to be held in Halt Lake City this n coming fail, also of one thtt was held in last June, IStsO, I felt prompted to write Farm-ingto- and correct a wrong impression as to where the first fair was held. Mrs. Aim Dustiu, President of the the Primary Association of East Bountiful, was the originator of the idea, and the first Children's Fair was held in that place a few days previous to the one in Farmington. Through some mistake no visitors were there from Salt Lake City, therefore no mention was made of it. A. S. Rogers. ANNIVERSARY. The Primary Association of the 10th Ward held its second annual meeting on Friday. May 20th, commencing at one o'clock, In the Ward meetinghouse, Mrs. Jeunio McLean presiding. Bishop Adam Spiers and Counselor James Woods were present, ah:o many brethren and sisters of the Ward. TLcro wern many visitors on the platform Siittr E. R. S. Smith, B. W. Smith, S. M. Kimball, M, I. Home, M. P. Young, E. S. Taylor, Agnes Park, Mary Gray, Louie Felt, E. C. S. CJ awson, and E. B. Wells, also Pres. George Tea.'dale, of Nephi. The meeting opened with singing, "Open the door for the children." Prayer by Mrs. E. B. Wells. Singing, "Dare to do right." Tho children recited in concert tho "Articles of Faith;" Birdie Paul and Hannah Sanders sang "Jesus loves Hannah. She sang the hymn, "I'll praise my Maker while I've breath," a few moments before sh died, her countenance revealing the blies her sririt had caught a glimpse of. All outward emotions were suppressed,for we knew we stood In the holy presence of angels who had come to bear to her heavenly home the celestial spirit ;f our beloved Hannah. A FiUKKli. Whereas, By the dispensation of Providence, Sister Hannah T. Booth, the First Counselor of the Young Ladies' Mutual. Improvement Association, of the Fourth Ward, Provo; daughter of Edith nnd George Billings, and wife of our Bishop, John E. Bootb, has been called fmm ohr midst bv death: and. bo-love- me;" Theodore Nistrom recited the "Ten children hatig "Nay, speak no Oscar Nistrom repeated the "Lord sJPray-er;- " ill;" Maudie Paul, dialogue by six little girls; Brigham Pypr "I'll never "use Edith Braby. recitation: Arthur com-maudmen- d Whcrca', We realize Jhat" the labors, of eu r beloved sister, in Our' association, have always tended to set us a, pralsworlby example to strengthen us in our faith s t and lead us in tha. path of truth, virtue and "eternal life. to-lacc- ' Woods, solo; PhUia Wood nud two other girls sung ami played an accompaniment; children isimg, "Joseph Smith's firt prayer;" Joseph Pool and Alma Strong Pang; Willie Harry, recitation; Lottie Paul, f oi!g composed fcr tha 