W OM A N 'S... wimonv within us, so that if we shoutd be required at j any time to bear it, we can do so ,rith an honest heart. We should improve our manners, talk, dress, conversation, education, thoughts, &c; in fact, in almost everyimthing we do we"can see where we might need we not let the thought prove; and I think too for this earth deter perfect of our getting ua from improving all we can, for I don't think we will ever be so far advanced but that we will see there is still room for improvement, and we will find that, the more we improve and the more we learnj the broader the field of learning and improvement will appear to us. Some may ask, how can we improve our thoughts? theytake their own course, we have can spare our thoughts from the duties of life, let them dwell on evil or even disathings This course will not only better and purer, but it will also add our beauty than all the cosmetics or no control over them. Then we should strive to control them by filling our minds with food for pure and holy thought at such times as we and not greeable make us more to outward adornments ever used or worn; for who does not know that a person whose mind is filled with evil and disagreeable thoughts usually show it in their countenances; while on the other hand a person whose mind is filled with pure .and holy thoughts has a pure and holy expression on their countenance. The face is generally a representation of our characters, and our characters, to some extent at least, are formed by our thoughts. Our conversation I consider one of the first and foremost things that we should improve in. We should not allow our lips to utter as freely as we do the slang words and phrases that we hear so much now a days; it is very easy to get into the habit of using them, but it is very hard to break off that habit; this I know from personal experience. It seems almost aa though they stood on the end of your tongue, ready to jump but whenever you opened your lips, and to keep back better and more sensible words. If we are not educated, and have not much, if any knowledge of grammar, as many of us have not, for we have not had the advantages of education that the girls have now, we can easily distinguish a slang phrase from a sensible remark, even if it is not spoken grammatically. And another thing I think we should take into consideration more than we do, and that is not to handle certain subjects too familiarly, especially before children. I sometimes think we are getting altogether too careless about how we talk before those those that are growing up to fill responsible positions either at home or in public. And I think if we will reform in this particular it will make a marked improvement, not only in their modesty and morality, but in. our own as t well. I don't think when I. was a child I heard subjects spoken on as familiarly as I am sorry to say J sometimes hear now, in the presence of children too; and I think you who are older will all agree' with be that children are growing up now with very different ideas, and under less restraint, than children in general had when you were a jhild; and I am inclined to think one of the causes, if not the only cause, is the free and easy wy in which we converse upon topics that were once never alluded to in the Look forward a few presence of children be generations and ask yourselves what will the result ? What will this lead to, if it is continued and increases as fast as we can see that it has done in our short life times ? I think you will readily admit that the picture is not a very pleasant one to contemplate. Therefore, let us choose our words and subjects carefully, not'bhly td ;imprpye ourselves, that those who are younger may jrofit by it also. 3 are we In regard to dr dontlunk that t -- EXP 0 NEN T . required to dress perfectly plain, but I do think we should try to dress as neat and becomingly as possible. I am a lover of beauty myself, and I love to see any beautiful objectwhether it is a rock, a tree, a person, or whatever it may be, and ',1 am sure that my Father in Heaven loves beauty too, or He would not have made so many beautiful things; and I think it is our privilege to make ourselves as beautiful as possible, not only by our countenances by pure and holy thoughts, but by dressing as becomingly as possible, and in shades, shapes and colors to suit our forms and complexions. But some of us have false ideas of beauty, and think that to be beautiful we must lace our waists and pinch our toes, &c. However, this not only does not add to beauty, but is very uncomfortable and leads to disease and death. Neither does it look beautiful to see any one dressed like a fashionable dressmaker's dummie, or a milliner's advertisement, or a walking jewelry store, as we can see so many on our streets every day. We should dress to suit our figure and complexions, as far as our taste and judgment allow us to; some of us may not have as much taste in that way as others, but it will take far less time and study to find out, than some of us spend in trying to find out which is the latest style, or some other equally foolish thing. And if there are any among our friends or acquaintances that are blessed with more means than we, don't let us think that we must dress in just as costly clothes as they do in order to appear in the same society a3 they associate in; for a true lady is just as much a lady in the cheapest print dress as she would be in the costliest silks or satins, and if she is dressed in the richest materials, she will think just as much of you if you are dressed in the cheapest, as she would if you were dressed equal to her, and a great deal more than she would if you dressed beyend your means trying to fine - feathers, as shejdid-- , While, on the- - other hand, if we are blessed with more means than some others, don't let us look down on them, for they may be a great deal better than we are, if they are not so well off. Try and give them a chance to earn their way up to our level of riches I say earn it because I think what we are not willing to earn, if we are able to do so, we do not deserve. Having touched upon these few items where be an advanceimprovement would certainly ment from good to better or bad to good, and not wishing to monopolize too much of the who time, I will leave the rest to some one else, than I perhaps can do the subject more justice have. I will only add that while we cultivate refinement of manners, speech, voice, &c, let us by all means avoid aflectation, for nothing is more disgusting than 'affectation in any way.. Then be natural; do not affect refinement, but cultivate it. that I am I hope my sisters will not think for I assure meaning all this for them alone, them I do not mean it any more for them than for myself. I 'can see that I need to improve writin all of these things, that is why I have ten them down, in order that I might impress I presume them more firmly upon my mind of as any my sisters, I have just as many faults much as as them correct and it my desire to for my own benefit as well as for. the Lent of other, considerthat this is for the Y. L. M. will excuse also that you kcluded; 1 and I trust An ... anv prrnrs. whether gram me II t1 , i fjJZC aaveiu"; ic r.VV or otherwise, ana u SSSef remarks or .suggestions, plainly a tew 01 my I hope you 175 CONSECRATED LOOKING GLASSES, We read in Exodus, 38th chapter, 8th verse, that Moses "made the laVer of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of the looking glasses of the women." This laver was one of the most important articles of service in the worship of the tabernacle. It stood between the brazen altar and the entrance of the sanctuary, the altar and the laver being the only two articles of the holy furniture thuL were placed without the tabernacle. The candlestick, the table of shewbrcad, the incense altar and the ark, all of gold, were within, unseen by the outside spectator. The order in which these two, the altar and the laver, were approached by the priest on entering the sanctuary, were significant first was the great altar on which the victim bled, and then after this the laver was reached, indicating that faithin the atonW sacrifice of Christ and baptism for the remission of sins are to precede the entrance of the soul into the inner sanctuary, where the Holy Ghost may l)e received and the gifts and graces of spiritual growth enjoyed. We read that Moses manufactured the beautiful laver out of the looking glasses of the women, the polished brazen mirrors which, before the invention of glass, performed their functions in private and domestic life. Now, such an act was not an accident, nor is the record of it an accident. Everything in the Jewish tabernacle, and its story teems with spiritual significance. It is holy ground. Every order here given comes from the heart of God. To make it empty, or meaningless, would be to blaspheme the Most High. The ancient Jewish ritual was full of symbolic instruction, and great spiritual and practical truths were constantly presented to them in the types and shadows of their daily ceremonial worship. The fact that this laver which was in constant, and dailv use was composed of the look ing glasses of the women of Israel, must have associated itself with great tenacity with the " aonreiA' hattm- minds- - fvf all Jta.wLsh..hv HT-fh- ft" holders. The tabernacle was set up by Moses, under the direction of the Almighty, in the wilderness, and the materials for its construction were the freewill offerings of the people. The women contributed bracelets, tablets, jewels of gold and offerings of silver and brass. Among those offerings were the brazen looking glasses. The looking glass is the best representation of that microcosm of individuality which is known by the French word toilette. There is a proper attention to this department of life necessary to meet the demands of cleanliness and neatness in both sexes; but that which is rightly used for the modest purposes of personal cleanliness may very easily be abused for immodest purposes of vanity and display. It was probably to warn the women of Israel against this temptation that the looking glasses alone were used in the construction of the laver. This emblem of holiness said in its symbolism, "Ye women of Israel beware of" vain show. Waste not vour precious time on vanity, frivolity and selfish adornments, but rather employ it in cultivating the graces which adorn a holy life, and in deeds of mercy and charity to others. Obedience is better than sacrifice, and purity of heart more acceptable than vain oblations." This voice yet speaks in sacred history, ana ine injunctions 01 uie .apos tles Peter and Paul still reiterate the same teachings to the daughters of Zion. . Can the mothers and daughters of modern Israel afford to disregard and slight these express and repeated teachings of their God, their Father and their King? How much precious time and valuable talent is' squandered on personal adornment which ought to be utilized for our own individual improvement, and for the' instruction ;and benefit bf, bthetsPT-WhaVe come out from 'jBabyloritKai we may' not- to-da- y e A. M. B. Fletctiter. 