W O MAN'S BX P.O N E NT. 48 various American States in which women exercise the political vote with so much advantage to the public; of England where they are electors in the municipalities, and are eligible to the , School Boards, and where tliey are on the eve of gaining the political vote, guarantee Italy irom taking that famous leap in the dark which has become the consecrated formula of stubborn conservatism. While we claim the right of voting with the . conviction that we claim a right inborn with hnman individual, and reject opposition based on historical precedents as 'antagonistic to our modern civilization, fte declare it is unjust to impose laws, to apply penalties, to assign to us responsibility or want of responsibility, capacity or incapacity, admission or exclusion in our absence, without a question, without a hearing, without permission to explain our own needs, make our own demands, defend our own interests, not even permitting us to confide our cause, to persons in whom we have confidence we declare this to be a violent and despotic oppression of natural rights, and irreconcilable with the nature of representative governments. We record our conviction that the right to vote is a human right, and that law is a social compact, and that no one is held to the conditions of a contract to which he has not been a contracting party, or to submit to a state of things that he has not desired. You do, not consider yourselves sufficiently represented by your equals, although your interests compared with ours are paramount in every social degree; still less can we be represented by you, we, ?rho ar sacrificed by all your laws and rules. We wish for the vote because, as a part of humanity, we belong to its life and history, and we have a right thai Mar ideas, our interests, our necessities, our view?, should havean influence directly, from our conscience and responsibilities, and not indirect through your passions and weakness; we wish for it that our daughters may be happier than we, and may rejoice with their husbands and brothers in the advantages of having a country; we wish it because it is our duty to wish for it, and not to cease from the claim till ' reason and justice have found the way to your 'conscience. We, Italian women, submit these reasons to The eraniple you., Italian legislators, whc are our fellow-citizen- s, fathers, brothers husbands, friends and sons, nourished, educated, and loved by us, and children of that generation which has fought for liberty. of the movements of the Upper ten thousands, and tries to look superior to the democracy in in this respect is journalism. But its success less amazing than the fact that,, after all, it is only going back like the English Constitution to the beginnings of its history for its latest development. The Post is like the Seventh Clause of the Land Bill. It has returned to the original intention of its founders. "In the hundred and ninth year of its existence," it says in its explanatory article, "the Morning, Post reverts to the price at which it was originally published on the 2nd of November,1772. The pressure of stamp duties, paper duties, and advertisement duties compelled a rise in the so that at the close of the of f)rice journals,cost of the Morning Post was century the sixpence, and in the early years of this century it rose to sevenpenee. The successive reductions of taxation brought about corresponding changes to fivepence, fourpence, and lastly threepence. It has become evident that by returning to the original price we can gain a vast extension of political influence and yet, continue to provide bur readers with a paper in every. way as excellent as that,which for upwards" of a century has maintained its position." Then, with a declaration that the newspaper with its million of metal types, its latest news, and its rapid comments, is one of the greatest achievements of the human mind, the Post concludes that he would be bold who would define the horizon which "the Future opens to the newspaper" It is true. We never thought to see the Post at a penny. After that, all is possible. Still there is room for everything. The Post of our boyhood is dead. Long live' the Post. LITTLE LETTER. Logan, August 12th, Emmeline B. Wells: Dear Editor: I belong to the 5th, Ward Primary Association of Logan and I love to go for we have such good meeting', and we have our President Prisciila Jacobs and her Couns lors Mary Kent and Mary Adams, they are so good and kind to us, they come every Saturday and some of our fathers and mothers. They give us many good Instructions and sing us good songs, we learn many good things. I am only a little boy 8 years and 2 months old y but I am a Mormon boy and never drink tea nor coffee. Will you please put this in the paper, and I will try and do better next time. to-da- Thomas v NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Ednah D. Cheney at the Concord School of Philosophy read a paper on "The Relation of Science to Poetry." Mrs. Julia Ward Howe also read a paper ,on the Philosohpy and Philosopher of Europe and America." Mu3 Amelia Bloomer (after whom the Bloomer costume was naraed),of Council Bluffs, Iowa,was invited by the Territorial Legislature of Nebraska, 1855, to address them on the subject of Woman Suffrage. As the result of her address, a bill in favor of it passed the House and came to its third reading in the Council and was only lost because some members talked to kill time, to brevent the passage of a bill for " removing the Capitol. The dream of the greediest avarice has been outdone, and the 'Morning Post, the .organ of tlie aristocracy, and the favorite paper, according to all the society novelists, of the Duchess and the Marchioness.may be bought in the bye-wa-y for a penny, like any such lesser lights of journalism as the Telegraph or the; News. Sir Algernon Borthwick hM changed neither the ihapenorthe apneararice of his --paper; - It b still printed exactly as it was, retains its details 1831, William Pike. This little letter was accompanied by a pretty bunch of grasses and rose leaves tastefully tied together. We acknowledge the gift with grateful appreciation and hope there are many little children in the Primary Associations who feel as in. terested as this little fellow. If he continues to cultivate his faculties as he is now doing,he will " be a great and good man. Of for Sate by JOHN C. Home Blade Trunk WOOLEN MILLS, Old MADE HOME also Building; Cotton Batting, Drown Yarns, CUTLER, Agent for tfc, PBOVO Constitution Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Linseys, White rams, , Colored Wool Washboards, Cassiiners, Tweeds, Jeans, PALACE OF FASHION, Batting, Broom, Tama, Brushes, Etc, Etc No. IT HAST TEMPLE 8T the Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting- the City, to call at her Show Booms and see her New ;S took of MILLINER Y. The latest and most stylish modes of I lata and Bon- Deelres nets, In Straw, Felt and Velvot. Also, a nice selection In Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons In the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call. Ladies' Hair Work In all its branches. Good Wcrh Guaranteed I DR. ELLIS SHIPP. IX. PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. Ornca and Rkstdskcx over ContrCbutor Office, north of " Z. C. M. L - Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children as Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LAEGEST and UEST SELECTED STOCK of SHOES BOOTS, & Also, full and desirable lines, SLIPPERS, best brands : 371 ti o O liLllcroytei the West obe found In BET QEO. -- Shoos, Tour Order art SoUdUd. DTTETIFOIEaiD. P. AUERBACH & BRO. - STORE, Nos. TO THEIR NEW REMOVED 9- - HAVE CALL AND 124 4126 EXAMINE t& Spring and Summer Goods. "isA DAVID JAMES, WATER & STEAM FITTER. TINNER, CAS, t& Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. 1ST AddrcM, David Jama, Box 300, Salt Lake City. , O. M. AND 89-2- 5. WHOLESALE DRY GOODS, HEAVY I. -- a RETAIL DEALERS & IN NOTIONS, GROCERIES, SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. A. -- T SALT LAKE CITY. Special Departments for GentVCtothinr and CWts, Ladies' and Children's ShoeaT Dry waane00 DRIED All FRBfTSQF CLASSES WANTED. H. DINWOODEY, WHOUOUTJi AST) FOB SALE. Home - Made SILK. J3 T O C ftRAIL DXllXB IS FURNITURE, SPilSf WISE BEDS. MATTBESSES FEJTIEBS WALL FIPU AT CUTLER'S COMMISSION STOIIE. JDl. 33 33. IDTJ3nPOBl ' EKTTI Spkia paid Natural toetk Teeth Extracted. Falrb TxkthCarefuUy krted from ot tooth to a FuJl Set, hi tSe JKt toSxdttte OFFICE: -- WIS Sin 0P?0S1T Mara-- Time and . PRKER First SILT LAKE rfOUSE. 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY. ROMANIA B. PRATT, Xliysioi OFFies-- Up oftoet105 atxci. Surcoon. Stain, in CUd C&uMuXm BuGdltxy mxkM 'P 0ffi08 to Obstetric, w!?15 and $7J DISEASES fireu tM So" Dtoeasei of EYE tmiEAJL 4 