WOMAN'S EXPONENT. formance of every duty, pertaining to the relief of the poor and I. needy, tire orphan and the fatherless. LatterShe has lived and died the life of a true -day Saint, and has passed away in glorious first resurrection. She has hope of a part in the behind the vail, who joined the hosts of friends are looking forward to a reunion with those who remain. She will be deeply mourned by her friends and acquaintposterity, and many other be fondly ances, and her. memory will ever cherished by those who knew her many virtues disposition and honorable life. her loving A WELCOME. BY M. ELIZABETH LITTLE. To Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, Zina D. Young and Minerva Snowy in behalf of the R. S. of Kanab. welWe, the Bisters of the R, S., most sincerly come these, our much beloved sisters, to Kanab. A long cherished hop is reatizedin the happy event. Here, in the frontier of Utah, in comparative isolation, it is the first time that any of our representative ladies, have visited us. welTherefore, we say to them welcome, thrice come; and may this visit be long remembered we treasure by us,, as a time of rejoicing. May up the counsels we received as precious gems. We welcome you as Lady Pioneers to this beautiful, but once desert Territory; for by your deuntiring efforts, you have greatly aided in veloping refinement and social advancement among the Saints. We welcome you as veritable Mothers in Israel, for your lives have been given to good works, and to the accomplishment of holy pur- poses. We welcome you,as the early exponents, ever- by precept and example, of the new and . lasting coveiiaut ui wmuogc, auuto at first necessary establish its the principles. We welcome Sisters Eliza and Zina as our Elect Lady and her Counselor, and as Presidents of all the feminine portion of the human race. Although comparatively few recognize their have know right to this authority. Yet, we of they been set apart as leading Priestesses this dispensation. As such we honor them. We welcome them as the honored wives of our revered and martyred Prophet Joseph Smith. We welcome Sister Minerva as the consort of our beloved Apostle Erastus Snow, the leading whose wise pioneer .to Southern Utah, through resources counsels, the Saints have developed the of this desert country. We welcome Sister Eliza as Zion's Poetess. How often have our fouIs been thrilled with the keenest emotions of pain or joy, when reading those graphic descriptions so beautifully penned sufferby our gifted sister. Of the heart rending of agonized ings of our people In early days husbreathings of her soul, when her beloved band was cruelly murdered by fiends in human form. Anon, her heart is filled with praise and thanksgiving to the Supreme being, for bosmercies received, and she wakes up in our for oms the holy sentiments of reverence and love our heavenly Father. Mayoursisters live many have comyears to continue the great work they death hover menced; and when the shadows of near, may their last moments be like the gentle bosom. lulling of the infant on its mother's to the When their spirits have winged their flight realms of bliss, to meet kindred and friends who hn crnnp before, their kind acts will live In the halo of their; The bright hearts of the . Sairits. SI rt via II ETA great and noble souls win uoai aiuuuu the glory of the departed day or the gentle brecte of a Summer evening, v.-.- self-sacrifi- ce & 165 AMANDA SMITH. WOM ENS CON FE RENCE. The name of Sister Amanda, or Mrs. Warren Saints-Sh- e Smith, is well known to the Latter-dahas had a most eventful life, and the terrible tragedy of Haun's Mill, in Caldwell County, when her husband and on were killed, and . I I ner name uituiuer nun uuuueu, nave maue to all who have read the history of the mobbings and drivings in the State of Missouri. Her biography would make an interesting look, y . 1 nv-mil- iar and would abound with incidents of wonderful manifestations of the power of God in healing the sick and wounded. Mrs. Smith is a native of New England, and was born in Becket, Berkshire Co.. Mass., Feb. 22, 1809. Her parents were Ezekiel and Fanny Barnes; she was one of family of ten children. Hef grandfather, on her mother's side, James Johnson, came from Scotland in an early day, and in the revolutionary war held the office of General: he was a great and brave man. Singular indeed it is that many of the Latter lay Saints that have been driven from their homes and plundered and suffered cruelties at the hands of mobs are the direct descendants of the very men who fought for liberty and freedom in the early days of this left country. Sister Smith says her father and Massachusetts when she was. quite young went up to Ohio, and settled in Amherst, Lorain County., where the family endured all the privations and hardships incident, to anew country. She says: "My father was one of the honorable men of the earth, strictly honest, but made no to auy profession of religion, or did not belong church; ray mother was a Presbyterian. ofI clung most to my father, and partook more his nature and strength of character. I was considered rather an odd, strange child in my father's house, and certainly my life has since been a most peculiar and striking one. married to "At eighteen years of age I was thin world s of Warren Smith; we had plenty goods and lived confortable and happily together, until nothing of particular interest transpiring to our came Sidney Rigdon and Orson Hyde was neighborhood preaching Campbellisni. I converted and baptizeuUiy Sidney Rigdon; my husband did not like it, yet gave his permission. I was at that time the mother of tw;o children. Soon after my conversion to the GampueUite faith S meon V. warier 1st day of April, Everlasting Gospel, and on the Utter-da- y Saints, of winch i was Christ, of Mv husland . mamr. pver silica cm a united m our were we afterand baptized shortly faith. Before a year had passed away I gave birth to a pair ot twins wiuwuv This was a 'marvel and a whatever. ieriuP. n t h.H a,,fTprfHl ro much with my aronnd were other children. The whole country excited over it, ana unmgui. i Jwld out our property in Amherst and west of the went to Kirtland, and bought a place we en; then Chagrin River, Saints of the 7oyTourLlves in the society other failure of the Kirtland bank and our of troubles in that place, in consequence to fit lost all our property except enough started We SiSknw to take us to Missouri. to the h? or 13, and bade farewell to go and Ld of our fathers and our home a seemed the Saints in what then m the not were faTSffn ace. Our relativeslwho Muroh bitter against our going off nWe MenS, as thetermed Missouri m 13... 7i.. nt Sing several families of u and we TheSe Without much difficulty until we came Mo. One ?ldwdl onS? ui&I, minding wegoTng day when we our own "The Ladies 'f.'onference of the Salt Lake Stake bly Hall, Sat and March and toth ftith, Friday rda, M. K Mrs. a. m., inoniin:, commencing Friday I. Home presiding. Meeting opened by singing "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." MounPrayer by "Mrs Diana Re id, sung "On theConfertain Tops Apiearing." Minnies of last ence read am! accepted. ReprrU from branch of Zon was held in the 1 4 h Ward 1 Af-se- 11 Societies R S. were read by Mrs. K. Howard. Mrs. Home made some remarks to the Sisters and exprossed her readiness to comply with any invitation which might be extended to her to visit the branches of Relief Society iii this Stake. Mrs. i:, S. Taylor and Mrs. S. M. Hey wood Choir each made some encouraging remarks with us dismiss "Lord Thy blessing." sang Benediction by Mrs. M. I'. Young. Two p. m. met again and after usual exercises of singing and prayer,. Bister M. I. Home, P. Woodruff, B. W. Smith, S. M. Kimball, M. A. Wilcox, M. Carrington, rt. tihVnn, J'. leid? E. Wbotlrutf, M. P. You n ir, E. Howard and E. S. Tav lor each made some reniarkis towhing upon almo-- t everv subject. centi:i! In the work in Graves prr.jrrosa.. Ek'er W. Willis and Fatler Prest. & short time in sj easing and occupied an deliverd interesting quite Joseph E. Taylor in address, touching upon the duties of patents necesthe training and guiding their children, the sity of attending umeetings and keeping whisto the anil listening spirit of God wirh our of anpel,thougbt we should guardian pering and ill will towards each put awav all enmity dwell tfrtber in eternity. other aivd prepare lo remarks and some Mr. Home made Doxol-o-Hie Conference was a jnurned. Sinking E. Elder J. Taylor. Benediction bv Mrs. Saturday 10 a. in. Primary Conference were There Ellen C.'S. Clawwu presiding. and minutes crowds of children in attendance, of lime eKcul an exi rend and reports was wa- - enjoved by nil. The -- luddeii M tlie to a v.:;s very inspiring and it cl.i.Mn to hear n nenib.'ed eves to cee so manv the goxl teachings of the SiMer. All Sowetiei and the reported were in a prormiscotidMiJi, children in in outlook for spiritual cultivation than at any of Zion is much more au j previous time. Afternoon Sefon, ("onferenc- of Y. L M. I. Frieze resiiiintr. Ojiened by Ar, i eK-Min- ; n. . wc re-frehi- ng si-- 1 .aaw Hannah T. king. graver '"S K I - .Mrs. Gfi- o- w Zion." Mrs. Crocheron re:ti u.e mmuien , fnmi 2d, 9th, and reports last Conference from also lUth and Ward?, 17th lOth 11th, loth, gave a Herriraan and Draper. Mr?. Cwper Mi Gardner, 7th Ward, verbal report of the Creek, Mrs. West Jordan, MKs Carlisle, Mill Mrs. Ereeze, Cottonwood. Thompson, South C. Y. Conrad, Mrs. E. S. Mrs. L Felt, Mrs. B. Pratt and Dr. E. P. Ferguson Taylor; subject calculatedtr addresJ the meeting upon the young ladies warn-into benefit and improve of the them of the dangerous toallurements a for liv. purpose, them world and exhorting until June 17 and 18. rnference wliatis truth," Piediction by w- Judge Z. Snow. I'-t- .L ly .g KANAB RELIEF SOCIETY. Jun. haying gent to Bishop W.D. Johnson,Snow Smith, Zina D, St George for Sisters this YounVand Minerva Snow, they arrived at eve, ()n FrJJay V a? tfci mhiv gave a general party to the H' Smprid inng, t Mie lhalf Welcome, We fjv 1 H. h. of Ka-a- ? instructions halgool K LiUle. wit mm also had a We h beloved eiders. 8ister i Juard around us, and kept us fet usgo mde,m that aguamee uaj there , miles Jur Wejoumeyed on ten r I Jed i rMal ABOctaltaiwllli H8 memUers. the Kigali etlected a StakeA.organization: Johnson, President;1 liucy Christine Nuttall, Counsel-pSenSr and r?,l SlTXth Mary Udell, Little, Secretary; Treasurer. M Secretary; Rachel Ford. IU AS, md?y ttSntn they attended school In a JVen in the eveniug held morning, and at . 111111 our brethren an.. T .T. 'Sft', sunPet a wbirthey (tbe men) 