WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 178 the benefit of others besides his family. A number of them, with myself, having heard his mind upon the subject, considered it not only a pleasure, but a duty that we owe to him, to see that his name and his works are kept in honorable remembrance, to be handed down to his numerous posterity, we therefore employed E. W. Tullidge, the author of the "Life of Brigham Young," etc, believing this to be the wisest course in a pecuniary point of view that we could adopt. After we nad expended considerable money to accomplish this purpose, and it was prepared for the press, there arose unlooked-fo- r obstacles, which prevented, or delayed its publication, and most of them have despaired of receiving any recompense, and consider their money thrown away. One hundred dollars was all the ready money I had, and I gave that freely towards it, and it has often been reiterated in my ears that the money had better been spent some other way; but I do not consider it lost, but like bread cast upon the waters, after many days it will return; and if it should not, I gave it for a good purpose, and consider it a very small sum when compared with the debt I owe to my father. Besides a true record of liis travels and pub-I- k life in the vineyard, it contains much that has never been published, also many pleasing and interesting reminiscences and incidents in connection with his family, which no pains were spared to gather up to make the book inThe style of the teresting and desirable. is author peculiar to himself, which we often criticised to his face, and were allowed to make-somfew alterations; but as far a3 ray father's history is concerned, I feel satisfied that it is held sacred by him, as is the memory of the man whose name he has never ceased to love and revere. I shall sketch but little more from m$ father's history before I return to the scenes in ixauvoo. On sab, sion to theVEastern States, he found a great change had taken place in Kirtland; the spirit of getting richwas prevailing in tho midst of the Saints. He and nis brethren were grieved to see. that a spirit of apostacy had crept in among them. Someof the Apostles were disaffected, and were seeking to overthrow the work which they had previously been engaged in. My father describes the scene; he says:' "We were grieved to see the spirit of speculation that was prevailing in the Church; trade and traffic seemed to engross the time and attention of the Saints. When we left Kirtland a city lot was worth about $150; but on our return, to our astonishment the same lot was said to be worth from $500 to $1,000, according to location; and some men who when I left could hardly get food to eat, I found on my return to be. men of supposed great wealth. In fact, everything in the place seemed to be moving in great prosperity, and all seemed determined to become rich; in my feelings they were artificial or imaginary riches. A bank was also established, called the Kirtland Safety Society, in which myself and' most of the Twelve were appointed directors. This bank issued paper to a considerable extent, This appearance of prosperity led many of the Saints to believe that the time had arrived for the Lord to enrich them with the treasures of the earth, and believing so, it stimulated them to great exertion; so much so, that two of the Twelve, Lyman E. Johnson and John F. tfoyn-towent to New York and purchased to the amount of twenty thousand dollars worth of goods, and entered into the mercantile business, borrowing considerable money from Polly Vose and other Saints in Boston and the regions round about, and which they have never . e myMnTtu'MsisA n, repaid.' "This state of things did not continue long, for our enemies, being filled with jealousy and 'hatred, lrew upon.- the bank till money began - to fail; and in proportion as adversity came upon us, the faith of many began to fail, and being filled with the spirit of speculation, they ran greedily into the world, erred from the faith and joined our enemies. Some who were entrusted with the bank robbad it of a considerable amount, which was palmed upon us as a means to overthrow us; also a counterfeit, which was said to have been issued from the bank. Those of integrity in the Chuch replaced the robbed money at the expense of all they had; I may also aad that a greater specimen of integrity was never known among men. Warren Parrish, who was a clerk in the bank, afterwards acknowledged he took twenty thousand dollars, and there was strong evidence he took more.'' "This order of thines increased to such an extent during the winter, that a man's life was in danger the moment he spoke in defense of the Prophet of God. During this time I had many hours and days of sorrow and mourning, for my heart sickened to see the awful extent that things were getting to. The only source of consolation I had was in bending my knees continually before my Father in Heaven, and asking Him to sustain me and preserve me from falling into snares, and from betraying my brethren as others had done; for those who apostatized sought every means and opportunity to draw others after them. They also entered into combinations to obtain wealth by . fraud and every means that was hellish. At this time I had many dreams from the Lord, which kept me from falling into the snares which I desired to escape; one of them I will relate: I dreamed that I entered into the house of John Boynton, in which there was a panther; he was jet black and very beautiful to look upon, but he inspired me with fear. When I rose to leave the house he stood at the door, with the intention to seize on me, and seeing me how sleek ms coat was, and what beautiful ears he had; and also his claws, which appeared to be of silver; and then he showed me his teeth, which also appeared to be silver. John F. Boynton told me that if I made myself familiar with him he would not hurt me; but if I did not he would. I did not feel disposed to do so, and while the panther was displaying to me his beauty, I slipped through the door and escaped, although he tried to keep me back by laying hold of my coat; but I rent myself from him." "The interpretation of this dream was literally fulfillhd. The panther represented an apostate who I had been very familiar with, and is well known by thousands, though I will not mention his name. I felt to thank the Lord for this dream and other intimations that I had, which, by his assistance, kept me from falling into snares." My father, in his journal; speaks of Brother Willard Richards, who had come to Kirtland with his brother Levi. Brother Willard had read the Book of Mormon, and came to inquire further concerning "Mormonism." My father writes: "Dec 31, 1836, I was present when Elder Brigham Young baptized my friend, Willard Richards, in a tributary of the Chagrin River, east of my house, at twelve o'clock, midnight, having assisted my brethren in the afternoon cutting through the ice for that purpose, and assisted at his confirmation. In a few days afterwards I met him in one of the streets; while talking on the spiritual affairs of the full world, being of I prophesied in the name of the Lordprophecy should that I yet go on a mission to the shores of Europe. Brother Richards asked, 'Shall I go with thee?' and I said unto him, 'Yea, in the name of the Lord, thou shalt go with me when I ' go.' ' To be Continued.' TALK. HOMESPUN. Well, girls, I am always glad to see you You want me to talk, do you? I am glad you do, for I have been thinking about your future lives, and wishing I could smooth some of the cobble stones of misfortune out of your daily paths. I know you are mostly girls who attend Mutuals, but as a rule the advice you get there is general. Now, my dears, you know, and I know, that although you have a desire to be good, honest girls, your ambition is mainly to "have fun" and to succeed in getting the sweetheart of your choice. We are accustomed, and in fact obliged, to work in this Territory, and have no time and less inclination to read Harriet Martineau, or even Robbie Burns. We read the Exponent and occasionally a novel, and fill up the remainder of our minds with trifles, Of course, girls, I don't expect you to develop a taste for study through my chat, but let me beg of you to try and know something of one subject, at least. Wouldn't you like to be as intelligent and respected as Sister E. R. Snow? You can at least make an effort. Just set yourself to learn something. Study the Bible, Book of Mormon, anything to be exercising the mind. Its no use to read a book, then never think of it afterwards. Take it up, and at the same time take up your mind and set it at the desk of determination, and above all, think. I know how it will be at first you will read, "In the beginning;" then, when you have reached the fourth verse your mind will have slid down the lap of time, and will be picking the apples of Idle Fancy in the vast garden of the Present, But commence again. Treat yourself as a disobedient child, box your mina's ear; and fix your mind's eye on the page before you. Now coax that truant, Fancy, to help you work. rami qui in vTvia coicrrrvdS3re?asb up by the majestic words the vast, palpable, throbbing darkness, the brooding quiet, as the unformed mass swings through eternity. Ages pass, and the still, powerful voice calls "light," and it is born with a mighty throe of Mother Earth, Ages roll on, and by the Divine Will the waters stealthily creep away from the broad ribs of the mountain peaks, and at the close of the second day the land is divided from the roaring, sweeping seas. Go on with this panorama, and let Imagination place the picture in the frame of Reality; and when you have finished the chapter, lo! you have thought. Your mind has brushed away the cobwebs of neglect and opened one tiny door and stored carefully up a treasure. Don't stop here, then, but keep on. And another thing, if you fondly imagine one can make up one's mind and the thing is done, you will be rudely taught better. You must know, my dears, my experience has been that when Homespun says she will, that relentless tyrant, Circumstance, says she shan't. I am not one of those doughty warriors who have only to" say "I will," and it is accomplished. Quite the contrary; through every possible crevice is poked an excuse into my too willing hand, and these same excuses are the wickedest little imps after I have taken them to my bosom, and the time comes when the opportunity is gone they immediately fly out of my reach and sit in a row facing me, with a most ungrateful grin on their faces, and chorus at me, "Ah, you might as well have done it, for you could have dispensed with U3." But shall I tell you what to do even in trying to cultivate your minds? Let the pure spirit of prayer enter the gateway of your heart, and fold you about with the sweet mantle of humility, and with humble words bear your to the feet of GoL Ask Him to help y?u to "concentrate your minds, lo quicken your intelligence, and behold, it is 'done. Good night. to-d- ay . 