woMAIS EIPOIEIT. The Rights of the Womeii f Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. 7 Vol. TO THE Q ON THE PRESIDING BISHOP WARD HUKTER, ANNIVERSARY HIS BIRTHDAY. EIGHTY-EIGHT- H ED. OF flail, our worthy, aged Bishop, On your Anniversary, You have won unfading laurels, Thro' your Btauucb integrity! Kich iu gifts of grace and wisdom With celestial light imbued. By supernal beams of knowledge, From the eternal Source of Good. Our first Prophet loved you dearly Well your sterling worth he knew; He in holy bonds of friendship. Still retains his love for you. Your large heart, with gen'rous impulse, Unrestrained by selfibh greed, From your ample store, imparted Freely to the Prophet's need. When unhallowed persecution, Waged against the t&ints of God; You, unflinching and undaunted, Firmly as a bulwark stood. Men of trust of laith and courage, When the sky was dark aud drear; Were esteemed most choice and precious, By our noble, martyr'd Seer. You have blessed the lonely widow Soothed and cheered the orphan's heart; You, with kindness, faith and patience, Have performed a brother'6 part. As a fond and loving father, You alleviate distress When officially presiding. You decide in righteousness. You have made a noble record, Filled with useful service here, Where the name of Edward Hunter, Many "hearts and homes hold dear. You have reached a mark of honor, Far above all earthly fame You require no sculptured marble, To immortalize your name. the French Assembly, but there was a larger attendance. Sister Eliza says the gallery was crowded with ladies and gentlemen. She greatly admired the dress of the Prussian ladies, and thought they exhibited the most womanly good sense in their style of dress of any nationality she had seen in her travels, and adds: "Inasmuch as dress is acknowledged to he a legitimate index to the mind, I feel authorized to pronounce in favor of these German ladies." From Berlin to Hamburg, tha great mercial centre Sister Eliza greatly admired the Hamburg soldiers; but the lady refers to the continent of Europe as "a land of soldiers," and says while the Latter-daSaints are laboring to establish a kingdom of peace, the sword is the watchword among the nations of On the evening of May 16, 1873, the' earth. the party took steamer from Hamburg t London. After arriving there, Sister Eliza attended the Conference, with the Saints in the Grand Amphitheatre, Holborn, May 25, and left for Liverpool May 27, and on the 28th embarked on" board the steamer Wisconsin. Writing while out at sea, Sister Eliza pours forth in verse some of those deep emotions that swell up in the human soul, and to which poe- try perhaps gives the most perfect expression: 'f CONTINUED. As Sister Eliza was returning home from her travels abroad, having seen much of life in different countries, the extremes of wealth and poverty, she appreciated more and more the Saints in blessings enjoyed by the Latter-da- y their peaceful mountain homes; and her heart seemed to reach out after her dear friends who were awaiting her coming. - From Vienna,wher& we left the party in our last chapter, they went to Berlin. The weather was cold and stormy, but one sunny day, which they improved by sight-seeinSister Eliza mentions one principal promenade called Linden Street, from the street being lined on both sides with four rows of lime trees. She also speaks of an extensive public ground called the Thier Garten, with artiBcial forests, shrubbery and delightful avenues, walks, etc Here were multitudes of people of all classes. The tourists from Salt Lake visited the great German Parliament; saw Count Bismarck and Gen. Moltke, both memben at that time. The Htruse of Parliament is not & large as that of g, With stereotyp'd impressions, The fact of growing old. ' - 4 Seen many Mosques and Churches, And witnessed service there; And how unlike the Gospel Their modes of worship are. love. Shortly after her return, on the 17th of August, she addressed a very large assembly of ladies in the Ogden Tabernacle, also about the same time in Provo; traveled through Cache Valley in the month of September, visiiting societies, holding meetings, giving instruction By undisputed tokens His favored people know That God again has sioken From heaven to man below. And that the glorious Gospel Meets every mortal need; While truth eternal triumphs O'er every human creed. lister Eliza remained a short time visiting relatives in the Eastern States; found one brother she had not met for more than twenty years, not since he was a mere boy. The lady speaks most feelingly of visiting the scenes of her childhood, and of the wonderful changes time had made during a period of thirty-seve- n years. "Many had gone the way of all earth," bat .those who remained welcomed her, with "affectionate cordiality." Indeed, Sister Eliza says that through the counties of Portage, Geauga, Cuyahoga and Loraine in Ohio, it was one.con tinned ovation, This is proof positive of the high esteem and honor in which herself and Apostle Lorenzo Snow were held, after all these long vears of absence, they were not forgotten. In writing of this, Sister -- Eliza says: . Our former loved associates Have mostly passed away, While those Wi3 knew as children Are crowned with lo ks of gray. We saw Time' varied traces WVre deep on every hand; Indeed, upon tha puoplo IfWa narkVi than on tbj land. ' Sister Eliza and her brother, Lorenzo Snow, succeeded in gathering many genealogies of both the living and the dead of their relatives. Their return home was quiet and unpretentious, as the following from the Exponent of, July 15, 1873, will snow: 'So carefully and silently was the closing portion of the return- - trip of Eliza R. Snow concluded, that not until Thursday, the fourth day after her arri vary when the return of her brother, President Lorenzo Snow, to Brigham City, was noticed in the daily papers, was it suspected by many of her friends that she was again safe at her home in this city, which she reached on the evening of Sunday, the 6th hist." Immediately after her return, she resumed her labors among the people. In the Exponent, August 1, she published a "Salutation to the Ladies of Utah," expressing her joy and gratitude at being once more at home in Zion, and the thankfulnes and pride she felt while absent that her home was in the valleys of the Referred to the absurdiRocky Mountains. n ties existing abroad in regard to the women of Utah, which she had invariably opposed with the fact that nowhere on earth had woman such large responsibilities and wwerful influence. The"Salutati6n"was time-- y and appropriate, and was addressed to all as an expression of her good feeling, and sisterly down-trodde- We've sailed on many an ocean, And entered many a port; Viewed many a Princely Palace, And many a Lordly Court, WOMAN. ELIZA R. SNOW 8MITH. And thus as In a mirror's Reflection, wc were told, y PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS X VA No. 3. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 1,1881. 10. y and doing woman's missionary work wherever she went. Her labors have been abundantly blest, and wherever she has traveled she has sown the seeds of love, union, kindness and humility, and they are springing up and bearing much rich fruit in the hearts and lives of the women and children throughout the valleys of the mountains. RETROSPECTION. BY IIELEN MAR W1IITNLY. In looking over my past life I can plainly see the overruling hand of providence and realize that I was favored in being blessed with parents who when they heard the voice of the true shepherd, listened arid followed Him and were willing to accept of salvation at the risk of losing their good name. As I grew up I was more or. less fascinated by the allurements of the world and there wa3 many a hard struggle between my love for them and desire to oe saved. The germ was there but it took time and patient care and much watering from the pure fountain before it gave evidence that it had taken root or would spring forth to bear fruit. There were times when I wondered if religion by some other name would not do just as well. I thought of the contrast between our rirrrtmitonctS and thwe ofdur kinkred wbo 