WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 150 E. 8., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. . Minutes of the Primary Association of the 10th Ward, held Jan, 28, 1881, President Jane McLean presiding Opened by singing "Joseph Smith's first prayer." Prayer by Conn. Rose Chandler. Singing, "Dare to do right." Roll called; seventy-eigh- t members present. Minutes of the previous meeting read and approved; after which Maria Bad ley read part of the 39th chapter of Genesis. Pres. McLean read a portion of the 2d chapter of the first book of Nephi. Six little girls recited a dialogue entitled "First Principles of the Gospel." Arthur "Woods and George Badley recited a dialogue, "Two boys who met on the sfcrest." Song by Joseph Paul. Recitation by Edith Ashman. The children repeated the Articles of Faith in concert. Oscar Nystrum repeated the Lord's Prayer. The children sang "In our hvely Deseret." Ccfcin. L&bie EdniDnds said we have had a very good meeting Hoped there,were no little bovs who belonged to the Primary who smoked tobacco or used profane lanuae. ine angels take notes of all we say and do. The judgments of the Lord will be upon those that do wickedly. I am pleased to see so many here, but if all the little boys that are on the streets would come to these meetings, I think they would not. use tobacco or speak bad words so much as they do. I pray God to bless you all. Amen. Pres. McLean then asked the children who organized them, and they answered, Sister E. B. Wells. Next, what are these meetings for? to learn the Improvement; ways of God, that we may be saved in the kingdom of heaven. Wkat is Faith? One little girl gave an examto-da- y. ple of faith. Meeting adjourned for one week. Singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Prayer by Coun. Libbie Edmonds. DEPUTATION TO MR. MASON M. P. On Thursday, January 20th, a deputation of members representing the various branches of the National Society for Woman's Suffrage waited upon Mr. Hugh Mason, M. P. for at his apartments in Fen ton's to him to accept the leadership of Hotel, ask the movement in the House of Commons, in the place of Mr. Leonard Courtnev, who has accepted office in the Government. Representatives were present from the various committees in all parts of the kingdom, and amongst the ladies who met Mr. Hugh Mason at Fenton's Hotel, St. James-stree- t, London were Miss Becker, Mrs. Dumcan M'Laren Mis Davenport Hill, Mrs. Hoggan, M. D Miss C. A. Biggs, Mrs. Lindsay from Belfast, Mrs. ..Cameron from Glasgow, Mrs. Edward Parker of Dundee, Mrs. Lucas, Miss Downing, the Viscountess Harberton, Miss Babb, Airs. Ashton Dilke, Mrs. Charle M'Laren, Miss Thoruburv, Mrs. M'Donald, &c. Amongst the gentlemen present interested 'in the movement were Mr Thomasson, M. P. fur lhlum. Dr. Cameron, M P. for Glasgow, Mr. S. Morley, 31. P. for Bris tol, and Sir David Wedderburn, M. P. Mr. TnoMAKsoN, M. P., who introduced the deputation, said that no doubt many of thoe present hvere already well knowu to Mr. Mason. He did not think that under the circumstances he need say anvthin U'vmid that he heartily concurred in the obicct which the deputation had in view. (Applause; Miss Becker said that on behalf of the Manchester" Committee ehe VM uniuii. moHsly deputed to formally invite Mr. Mason to accept the leadership of the woman's suffrage movant. She had had an opportunity of explaining the view of the associa ion t Ashton-und- er-Lyne, . Mason, and she would therefore, leave it with the representatives of the other branches connected with the society to lay their views be-- , fore him. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hugh Mason, M. P., in reply: Miss oecker, ladies, and gentlemen, Since my name has been mentioned as a "member of Parliament who is likely to take up this question which Mr Leonard Courtney had in hand during the last two or three years, I have received from one or more of my intelligent constituents e what I may call a slap in at the face for having ventured to give any kind of promise that I would take up this question. I nave been told that, judging from what has ,, hitherto taken place in I would lose my seat if women were admitted to the franchise. In that town, I am informed, there have been hundreds of women on the burgess list, and it has been found that they mainly vote for the Tories; therefore. I arn further informed, they would not vote for me if they were enfranchised parliamentary. My answer was very prompt and very decided to a remonstrance of that kind, and I simply said that women had, a right to the franchise, ,1 auu11nowevcr 'itney mignt use tneir vote it was do to all at with me. said I nothing they were as as of men a quite capable forming judgment upon political questions, and that I had just as much confidence in the women as I bad in the men. I added "whether the result should be that the women will vote tgainst me and turn me out of Parliament or not, it is a matter of perfect indifferance to me so long as they exercised the franchise honestly, as I believed they would." (Hear, hear.) If I have any misgivings about acceding to your request, and I say it without any false modesty, it rises entirely from a doubt as to my ability to do justice to this important question, and justify the application which yoTr are so - unanimously making to me. (Hear, hear.) You know that I am a new man in Parliament, and I .have a great deal to learn. Yet I am not new to political matters of various kinds. I told my friend Mr. Leonard Courtney a few days ago, when I was talking to him on this question, that if I was an intellectual giant like him I should feel very much greater confidence in venturing .to become the leader of this important question and doing my best with it; but although I am so much inferior a man in intellectual and mental capacity, I now say, and I told Mr. Courtney, I yield neither to him nor any oiher man in showing an earnestness in this question to the utmost of promoting my ability. (Applause.) I intend to prove my honesty of purpose by showing a determination to further the interests of this society. (Applause.) If sincerity, honesty, and earnestness will accom plish what the ladies wish to accomplish, I can only say that I most sincerely hope and believe that the present Parliament will perform this great act of justice and enfranchise woman (Applause.) You are aware, ladies, that there is a great block in the House of Commons. owing to Irish Questions occupying so much time. iNow Iam doing what I can, by standing steadily by the Government, to enable them to cni,fut,,e .I1ns,h questions before the House, lJlrul Lawson has an important amendment to bring before the House, and am entirely with him, as I am with though I one or two of the amendments forward brought by the Irish members, abstractedly for I yield to no vne in the desire to do justice to' Ireland still seeing that the Irish questions are blocking the way to the consideration of most important Lnglish question; I can only see one course for myseli to take, and that is to support the Government, and thus get fid of the present block to public business. That is the course I have decided to take. I may inform you that I am not unacquainted with the wish me to take in hand. question that you have been con Ashton-under-Lyn- Ashton-under-Lyne- 1 1 , nected with the association, and also a subscriber to it almost since the day it was formed-anI think Miss Becker will do me the justice to say that not only have I subscribed to this particular association, but that there are two other associations in which I take an interest. I am, of course, new to Parliament work and I shall have to bespeak your indulgence, and ask you to give me all the assistance you' possibly can in the duty which now lies before me. I accede to this public request with great pleasure indeed. (Applause.) I esteem it a great honor to have been askedjto undertake the duty, and to have been waited upon by a deputation so large, so influential, and so representative; and if anything could encourage me in the work, it is the fact that so many ladies in this inclement weather have travelled so long a distance to ask me earnestly to undertake the duty. I do not think I can say anything more beyond reading the resolution which the ladies desire I should put on the parliamentary paper immediately, so that friends in the country may know that the work is not resting. That resolution is: "That in the opinion of this House the parliamentary franchise should be extended to women who possess the qualifications which entitle men to vote, and who in all matters of local government have the right of voting." I will do my best with this resolution, and if I fail in persuading this new House of Commons I do not think the House is going against us at all, I have great confidence in it to accept it, it will not be for want of earnest devotion to the duty I have undertaken. I feel the great responsibility of it and I will do my best to bring the work to a successful issue. d Woman's )Applause.) Suffrage Journal, Eug. CLAN COFFIN MEMORIAL REUNION. GREAT GATHERING OF THE DESCENDANTS OF TRISTRAM COFFIN, ON THE ISLAND OF NANTUCKET, 1881. august 16 th, 17th and 18th, The Executive Committee of the Tristram having received numerous responses frojn members of the family in all parts of the country, and having made important progress in the arrangements for the referred to in their previous circular of invitation, are now enabled to announce that the Grand Reunion will be held on the Island of Nantucket, the exercises to continue three days, commencing on Thursday, the 16th day of August,1881. The programme, as now definitely arranged, will include the following: First Day. On August 16, a Grand Clambake, to come of near the site of Tristram Coffin's dwelling house of two centuries ago. On this occasion an oration will be made by Tristram Coffin, Esq., of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., followed by the usual feast of reason and flow of soul incidents to such occasions, a mammoth tent being erected for the purpose. Second day. On August 17, the memorial exercises with procession and corner-ston- e ceremonies. Charles Carleton Coffin, Esq., of Boston, will pronounce the oration, and Robert Barry Coffin, Esq., of New York, will probably act as the poet of the occasion. TniRD day. On August the 18, a breakfast will come off under the mammoth tent, with appropriate incidentals. Prof. Selden J. Coffin, of Lafayette Col lege, Perjnsy Ivan ia, will deliver the oration on this occasion, A Gaand Ball at night will close the exercises. On all the days of other literary and musical exercises appropriate to the times and places may be anticipated, and all the descendants of the illustrious ancestor are invited to contribute somethiug in speech or song to make, the celebration emphatically a family reunion. Coffin Reunion Association 