WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 134 ing her many happy returns of the day, and every blessing that her heart might desire, the company retired at an early hour. M. East Bountiful. J. C. DRES3. Dress is a subject that occupies no small amotmt of the time and means of many people; indeed, instead of eating and dressing to live, it seems as though they lived to eat, dress and appear well in the estimation of their friends and neighbors. We do not like to eee people penurious in either of these respect?; on the contrary we think to "Jive well,"' as it is generally termed, to dress comfortably and tastefully, and to own a suitably large, well lighted, commodious and attractive residence, well situated, Is essential to and the foundation of our happiness; on the other hand, poverty, wretchedness while, and often disease are easily traced in a small, cold, damp, uninviting abode. There are those in comfortable circumstances that were a Tittle more time and taste expended it would .imply repay; while any sensible mind would condemn the extravagance of some of our wealthier class, to say nothing of Queen Elizabeth, who is said to have left three thousand dillerent habits in her wardrobe. al-no- Utah. Not feeling satisfied with the appearance of things I went to unexpected by him. I found him living with a woman Who had passed herself off as his wife;' I remained two days at the same hotel. Hencer I am now here alone with my parents and a few kind friends, who cling to me. What the future has in store for me is known only to God, and in patience I must wait. Oh, the vile condition of society in the world that sets itself up as a judge of your people! There is far less misery and heart agony in refined circles of the Utah, than in the fashionable and religious world. Gilded misery can be fouud in harvests, while love hardly But life in Utah dare3 claim a place. is pure aud good, and happiues abounds' as fully as I have ever fauud it in my varied experience." so-call- ed January, think that climate is the "general regula dress, together with the diflerent national customs. In tome warm countries ?andals take the place of s ioe, and in eastern countries take the place of the more, flowing garni en closely itting of those lying west, white the Esquimaux and those inhabiting intensely cold cli-- J mates nre mostly dressed iu fur. A Russian grouped among other Europeans can generally' be easily pointed out, also the Scotchman with hi kilt of plaid. The attire of the peasantry in many European nations is picturesque and very gaudy, while that of the rich is fina and torDf The first dress that we have any account of was that worn by Adam and Eve; the Bible tells us that they made themselves aprons of fig leaves, and that afterwards God made them coats of the skins of beasts. The New Testament informs us that Christ dressed like a Naza-ren- ' e. ' Jewelry has, since the lime that Abraham's servant gave an earring and two to to in the and all present, countries, ages up occupied a prominent place in the attire of both sex. Livingstone informs us that fashion is fashion, and there is no disputing on that fcubject, that there may be a fashion of going undressed or dressed the former is the fashion in some parts of Africa, and some of the men wear aprons of beautifully tanfied skins; and both the men and vo-nethought themselves splenif could attired didly get a few feet of bright they clotn to wrap about the neck or body. The taste of dress in our own day among ourselves is rather unaccountable, even though the fashions do come from Paris. We have often dressed ridiculously, that style has become unfashionable, odd, uncomfortable and odious, Just on account of a later one being introduced, while before it was "perfectly lovely." Then, in about seven years the old style comes up as "lovely" as ever, while the others in their turn Iie-bec- ca of-Belo- are frowned on. But God hasgiven us a rule in the Doctrine and Covenants which should guide us. He says: "And agitfn thou shalt not be proud in thy heart, let all thy garments be plain, and their beauty the beauty of the work of thine own hands, aod let all things be done In cleanliness before me." Though these instructions were given (for our benefit) to Joseph Smith, some years ago, common sense tells us that they still hold good, and though in following them wo may not always follow the fashion, if we otey God's other we may be followers of Christ, and sit down to the Marriage Supper of the Lamb, on a - REPORTS. - Relief Society of Mesa, Arizona, organized March, 1SS0. Sarah Phelps, President; Elizabeth and Sarah M. Pomeroy, Counselors; Fran-cell- e having wai.Jig garment. - Secretary; Fannie Macdonald, Treasurer. Have held meetings monthly; a good spirit generally prevails. Have a city lot arranged for, and are going to build as soon as possible. Rcbson, eon5-";M,ent!- FiJA.NVL'LLi; I'. Vi:(j. families herein We have about twenty-fiv- e our little settlement of Pleasant Green, Brighton Ward, and we aret tryingfTo live up to our duties, to the best of our knowledge. Our Relief Society was organized March 9, 1879, with Sister Charlotte Hirst, President; Ann Bertoch and Francis Hardman, Counselors. The death of our dear president left our society disorganized. feed August, 1880, with Sister It was Alvira S. Hirst, President, Ann Bertoch and Nancy Dearden, Counselors. From our first organization up to the present time we have donated to the temple $10; emigration, 9.50; to the poor, $3.75; for books $1.90. We Lave oq hand at present, cash, $7; property, $20. Our society does not own any grain, but we expect to in the future. We celebrated Joseph Smith's birthday by getting up a party for the benefit of the schoolhouse, to get some new benches. Alvira 8. Hirst, President. Fanny Jenkins, Secretary. Alice Cockrill, Ass't Secretary. i re-org-an Editor Exponent: ( treasury. 8278,97. We hoped to have the pleasure of a The sisters of Richmond are striving to do their part in thl great work that is laid out for them as handmaidens of the Most High, ever willing and ready to impart to the needy, comlort the distressed. At the present time there are but few who are not able to help themselves. The Lord has blessed us with a good harvest, there is no sickness of any moment, for which we strive to be thankful. Your paper is ever a welcome visitor among us. Please accept our kind regards, in which our president truly joins. Your sisters in the Gospel. A. M. Merrill, Pres't. B. GEORGE ELIOT'S INFLUENCE. Brower, Sec'y. Respectfully, 17, 1880. SELECTED. The death of George Eliot will come with a sense of personal loss to a large body of readers in all parts of the world. The woman was intensely English, but her genius was ot ot no country. She stood far above all rivals her own sex, and was foremost among the small band of no relists whom the latter half of the century has produced. Her now dc jjlume was typical of her. character. She had a woman keen intuitions joined to a masculine power of Jane Silcock. fi Axn Fellows. Kanab. GILDED MISERY. The following item from the letter of a fashionable lady in one of the largest Eastern cities to a friend here, will explain how the "downtrodden women" of Utah compare with their fellow Bisters in the world. Thta relady once sided In Utah for three years: . "My life is resting under a cloud. Mr. went to" (mentioning a city in Colorado), "as he did to ; The Annual Conference of the Belief Societ ties of the Kanab Stake of Zion, was held at OrdervilleDec.9, 1880. Counselor Harriet Bunting presiding. Meeting opened by sing-ing Sweet is. the work" and prayer by Pres't sang "O awake my slumbering jneer Minutes of previous Conference and statistical and financial reports Tead' and accepted visit from Sisters E. R. S. Smith and Zinla D. Younz, while on their visit South, but werk very much disappointed. Wishing yourself and all the sisters a happy and a prosperous New Year, I remain your sister in the Gospel. M. Elizabeth Little, Stake See'y. Dear Sister: It is with pleasure I write to Inform you of the organization of a Relief Society in the Riverton Branch of the South Jordan Ward with the following officers': Jane Silcock. President; Sarah J. Howard, first Counselor, Caroline Hansen, second Counselor: and Henrietta Bills Sec'y. Sarah Kidd, Treasurer. Riverton, Dec. privil- Made other excellent remarks. Prest. II. O. Spencer said, he was desiriom of sustaining the societies in every good thing. He also wished the sisters to sustain home manufacture, it is a part of our great luission, to do this, that we may sustain ourselves temporally. Prest. J. L. Bunting felt gre.it pleasure in meeting with the sisters, thought that a coinilimcnt was due them for the many efforts they i:ul made. Opposition we must expect-ithis as we must but meet it world, becoming Saints. Once we had cot the organization-- , that we have at the present time, we could h'ji do then as vve can now. Why are the Saints required to pefrorm the labors of making juilts, hats &c, and of gathering wheat? That they may be economical and a saving of the means of existence; that we may be independent of the outside world. It appears that the brethren to a certain extent, have failed in many things, and the sisters have been called upon to assist the brethren, and they have made, many praiseworthy efforts. Urged the sisters to pray in their families, in the absence of their husbands; also to do what they could to help gather the poor Saints. Elders, Chamberlain, Robinson, Pugh and Rider, gave some good counsel to the sisters. Sang "Let Zion in her beauty rise." Disraised by Elder J. R. Jound. Statistical Reports. Teachers, 68; meetings held 297; average attendance 50. Financial: On hand last report $265,04; receipts, 8151,25; disbursements, 8137,52; In R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY s. costly. privil- in the labors. 1681. Yours truly. by th& Coim ege to have Pres't. Nuttall visit us, was jrlaf lie was so well pleased, with the labors of the sisters in the dilferent Wards. Sister Bunting wished the sistars to make a special eflbrt to obtain means to help gather the poor Saints. Urged upon the sisters the necesity of punctuality in attending meeting. "Hoped that we all would take the counsel uf Brother and Sister Xuttall, tu be united and of one heart, in our st W'e n There was a good verbal report given Presidents of the different ward. Bunting said, she was thankful for the ege of again, meeting with the sisters capacity of a Conference,considered it a analysis and strength of reasoning. Above all, she had that superb imagination which is given only to one or two writers in a century, and that power of incarnating ethical truths which none of her contemporaries possessed id equal measure. She lived a laborious l"eW frecruentlv workine- with so creat' in tensity to injure her health. She has left a noble to coming generations Her genius gathered about her a circle ot hot' admirers, but society-tli- ; look-kindlyJDF- her. CnARLOTTE Broste has depicted 