WOMAN'S EXPONENT. sweet sweet nome," ioe riome ui v jo GonoWmenand- TheteneTor women, sons airraaughtewpfZion.J cali?,read Saint To the Latter-daculiar faith' commend H is full of comfort, arid we heartily the book to the people, and would also say that we believe' th e, book ; to be a good ; one to send abroad. By all means put it into the h and of th e Y. L . and young people of this Church. The Y. M. Association who are getting libraries upon should net fail to have this excellent work " ' ' r "'' " IX f'A their list. OK Sunday, July 24, we bad the pleasure of attending the services of the dedication of the Fifteenth Ward Hall of Worship. It Is a handsome structure, of modern 'architecture, and is . elegantly finished and fumisbelneve'itoticu-larThe Relief Society of the Ward,' We are 'e . informed, assisted .'.In fupishing. It has large gpthic wiudows rWitii 'stamed glass, which throw a beautiful light into the apartment; the chandeliers are very;hafldspm, the stand is nicely fitted up and is qui te spacious; at either side, upon the same platform, are seats for officers, or places for reporters' tables. Altogether it is the most unique Hall we have seen in the city. The members of the Ward have been diligent and energetic in getting it completed and meeting all the expenses of building. The dedicatory services commenced at 10 o'clock, Opened by singing, "Softly beams the sacred dawning." The dedicatory prayer was earnest and fervent, offered ly Pres. George Q. Cannon. The choir sang This house we dedicate to Thee." Pres. John Taylor then addressed the congregation upon the creative power of the Almighty, and His authority in the earth, and the necessity of obedience to Him and His laws Made reference to the and also the glorious exaltation which awaited the faithful behind the vail... ';'. Elder John Clark read thereport of the build- ingcommittee,stating that two ye'previous to that very day the foundation of the house was commenced, and now it was completed and free from debt-- at a final cost of $10,644.75. Pes. George Q. Cannon made a few remarks, blessed the people for their liberality, And said Gol would bless them. Choir sang the anthem, "Jehovah's Praise," in which Mrs. Maggie Hull sang a solo very Sweetly, and a duet with Mrs. Sarah O. !Langford, their voices blending harmo. n niously arid Ailing the house with melody. by Apostle John, Henry Smith. Lady Lecturers. Sisters ZIna D. Young, 1 felf-deni- al - . - t . ; al , , . i ' histpry-- tShe is anattracUve,and pkasipg nat; Vral speaker; jDrf T$mYB:$ef6n ii an ex-- " ability, superior education, ne " wy ii M;; . ce i perienced lecturer, toying heen . in the lecture d fieldseveral years before she came to. Utah. She' " TSJrs-MPKHor- tp the women of Utah "socially, politically and religiously, this they propose to present in Its troe, light.: Mrs Zina I). Young,has been ' ' ' ari earlv nerlod frflm nnfnl with' fh Church VVUUVVVVU, I lived in Kirtianu, Missouri ind Kauroo, was : with he baints m lueexoou, aau ua ueen wf;haU,;lhp leading men"; Church n and . - ! ' OJ'.JfPJ' "rJx'i -- Bene-dictio- ref-ereri- y '- , e, widow of the late President Brigham Young, and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson expect to leave this city on Saturday, the 20th inst., for the Eastern States. These ladies will speak on the platform, presenting the Mormon question from a woman's?-standpointThis will be a new departure, as heretofore "Mormon" women have not gone out Into the world to; defend the principles of ihelr faith.' Many Inquiries have been made In , ( ; : as-ine- of-Ne- . pre-exis-tenc- I Tw t y 7 CC-- Vv this little book without feelin g better for it, and every honest person who s a reads it, must be assured that the writer-iSaint of God, Yull of integrity, whatever her pe- . and is In every' way qualified Co justice fo the the Latter-da- y Saints anij in thatp, tender motherly way which enly women of in tens subject shamay umansympafhlejrTCaii dOjrrsofteningmnctalle- the approval of the highest authority, and we A'vTi viatmg ine pangs pL.poignant. griefs wTbus has .'tlJ auu prayers fnitt will ',nt. Uwjf ii wo ousiuiucu her loDg4ana ueful t life been filled with , good y -- ,', of the people. "v r ;worK, an,i.now evenm&ume or me approSister Zina ' D. Young will visit her old home aches, 'she Js stUlfarmed with; sublime courage and rich in the faith- of,'theglorlouM.Gosptt of and relatives in the State York, and also V abe,Son.of G6dr " th? home of her forefathers I rfjfew Samphire, V ; In i consequerioe yof the maohardships. and gather: up genealogical records of her proshe. endured through ,the, "perEecutlons In Missouri , which (1were heaped upon ,herland genitors. Dr. Ferguson expects to attend the her family by a relentless mobherC health was . clinics at Bellevue Hospital, New York, during an4"as years" mcreaFeo ihflrmltleii the coming session of ( tha in 'order ...jUndermined, nerr upon wmcn( renaerea nerunaDieto to obtain a thorough knowledge 'of the latest iLseiuea reuun ., ine position sne,(naaheia 5lnnd jcejier Society. Sue was honorably' released and ' will surgical improvements. These sisters are pecuever be remembered by thetJBIshpp aud his Counliarly well adapted to the mission they are exselors and the members of the ward, for. her bepected, to .fill. They are. women "full of intelliin ; ministering to ' the nevolence and Vi"-'-- ' . unfcrtunateX;d gence and thoroughly acquainted with ,'MoN .. has muahto SIstersmith rejoice over even m mon" themes. There has been so much misrepraised her axsily has t'afflction he for. her , preseh resentation on this subject that It seems only ofChrlst the and the in tjje principles pf Gospel our sisters should in and that right true and speak of steadfast and fear just God,, they.remaltt to the faith, of the Iiatter-da- y work. A.good wo-their own defense, arid place truth in the field, to man who manhood has reared alia womanhood where error has so long held sway. a large family almost without a .father help la certainly., ,y pr thy of commendationand must have greai satisfaction in, her lifeand labor. No OBITUARY. higherrcoiripllmerit,' in! our, t opihtont could be The Y. L. M.I. A. of Marriott Ward has suspaid a woman than that the 'bad succeeded In raising a good and honorable family', this Sister tained a great loss in the death of Mary, A., Smith has accomplished. 'She has a comfortable daughter of Silas H. and Almina Tracy, who home in her old age and can''sit under her own was born in Weber County April 21, 1857," and vine, arid en tree figuratively speaking, the refor sult of her own ' hard labor., She, has-b- een was baptised in the year 1867. Her life was one more mernber a' Charch than years fifty othe' been of usefulness; she was ever ready to do good, of Jesus Christ of latter-da- y Saints,4 having assisting her parents, helping the poor, and baptized April l, 1831, by Elder !Slnieon; D. obeying the counsels of those placed oyer her in There are very few npw living who hateTA the Lord. She has been circumspect in all the of more than half a. century in thl record walks of life, and consequently above reproach. Church, Sister Smith has endeared herself to a She held the office of Assistant Secretary of our very large number of the Iiatterrday.Sairiti who tlie in teacher an also efficient was are ever, , ready to do her honof for her , faith, Association, filled integrity and the many estimable qualitiest which Sunday School, which office she faithfully have beautiM and adoraed herlife.'r,:;-'i!' until her sickness (consumption) forbade her On the" fiftieth anriiverpary of her: baptism, attendance She had been through the House Mrs. M. X. Freeze ; addressed a poem fto Sister of the Lordand received- - her, blessings therein. Amanda, Smith, giylng a history' In 'verse of ; some Important events In her lifeibutjts toe" long Also had been baptized for about thirty of her ' for, , publication here. She nifst approprlatery relatives. Her life was filled up with purity and styles her a veteran in Zion.1 Such expressions kindness. She endured her long and severe of friehdshlli are comforting to those who bar ' and with peacefortitude, labored hard and "ongin 'assstn; to establish passed great sufleritigs the kingdom p( God upon the eartn'.', perestl fully away at her home on the 8th of July, 1881, Herfu-.nermony of the , masscre at Haun'sjoqlll in Missouri 17 2 days. aged 24 years, months and Is that of an eye; witness and participator.4 In- was largely attended, and her remains , deed sh,er4igbt with' all toprlety be, termed the were followed to their last resting "place In the heroine of that fearful tragedy, for her jrabllmlty ' concourse of courage surpassed thai , of ordinary; mortals. numerous a of Ogden, cemetery by " was with her in his power !n ber hoyr of sev- God decked ladies relatives and friends. The young .ere trouble and she was indeed a' host in herself. her coffin with beautiful wreaths of flowers, of ,In llstenlhg eyeu to the recital Of thote fearful varied-hueas a token of their respect and high days, one's heart almost stands stll), strong; men tremble and grow pale," arid; Jwpraenweep. In esteem for their departed friend. conclusion we, would eay.may heaven's cholceit Francis Pafry. .; blessings rest,npon her the remainder of her daysjhere upon the earth,her heart be filled with she continue AMANDA f SMITH. joy and peace boritlnually and tomay1 thei . to bear trutb and ; afalthfulJtestJmony: oonci'ttded.J live she has she until all has ever accomplished :7 ror ana me ceaa. ine jiving ' anticipated ' Sister Smith has not only been a woman of E.B.W. been great faith and heroism, but she has always and philanthropical, and on many1 ' T occasions rendered efficient aid to others under' Y'tkM. L AT5 "'"'J though she, earned her.; trying circumstances, ' The Quarterly Conference of Y.'TjLL VA. Salt own support with the help of ; her little' boys. 't a Lake Stake! was held in the Assembly flair, 8at : " On the 24th, of January-'I854;'nhmber; ot freeze pre ladles met together to consider the Importance 5'' ft urday June 8th, 188lr rrs.' the for a of organizing soiiety purpo$o ofjmaking' ' : siding Singmg.Prayer by i clothes for the Indians and other charitable work, singing, 'Minutes of pfevlods Conferenegt read r 9th" and accepted, verbal reports' given. First Ward Sister Feb. was which properly organized ' of the one the of was officers; ,8ocleiy rnith represented by one of the Counselors, 2ndH ward in resulted by Miss McGregor.8d,ward;airs.T)elIa W.ardly which mucrternporal good being ward trs7 4laggie Grooi 10th-war- d Mrs. of 9th' tire tha' reorganlza tim accomplished.' At ' 1 ' 11th Louie" !Josteri, wafd Miss Sthward a Ballef White, Society- Sister Smith being lion of.the i B.CK. to be l9th ward a Russell, member of th;e 12th, Ward and known CarolInelUTdgb, Sugar well as chart!-- ; J- House witrd Mrs' 'Harriet- - HafdtrTaylortvSle . woman of ability anq enterprise brio ot the yourit ladies. Pre; Freeze taid We V able work, was chosen and set apart by the Blsh-- " ' used to recite in school ""Xiarge oaka from little asf First tkemseior to the President of the 12th ' oiVard Society,' Mrsi rriscilla M. Staines. She! " I arorri.' grow;" arid ' thinking of1 gather ! In one Of the 'revelations we Was an Indefatigable laborer in .this capiicity! for , J encouragement.' : ;and sick minister-lu- g ' ' ' read that "If man labor al I h is 24ys - and r jaanjf years, among the poor have to both their spiritual' and tecbporal. needs. rbne,soul how great wlll be his fiyf'.- I'do not' fcei to relax my ardu-Onemore ;?eaved : from however than shrank Muty, never any She permitUxl her td fill jthe '! efforts hut to rehewthem.? rwotlldFagalii urge ou, while heealth, "'that our sisters ak IhelrBishdjW toald lis. VVe hodr of death he Wai 'always the Iq position. 0 -' here, we Oeri 'haye Sister J; S. Rlcharda from equal to the emergericv; fencouraging; Hhose who "Get us HerVl froof receive and friends called jto part pwitlvhelE may goxlrfttnition reia; .tw6 M to awa V vtives, pobaIsg cut tbemthe glorious hope cf j' HI - "noble ' 87 : - - 1 -- thiir i!- mmnm m , i vr'-jfn- i x' w ed "?" . H.l:! Is 