OMAI'g EIP0IE1T. The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1881. Vol. 9. THE PIONEER MOTHERS. . Written for tho 74th Birthday Anniversary of Si6ter l'hebe Woodruff, and respectfully inscribed to all the veterans of Zion. pioneer mothers and - ! ong for the mothers I the pioneer mothers The veterans of Zion, our boaBt of The world may discard them, but God will reward them, He'll crown them as queens in his kingdom for aye. A to-da- y; staunch Pilgrim Mothers ! The brave Mormon Mothers! Who time and afjain of their aU have been shorn; The blessing of God o'er their loyalty hovers, Who honored the truth 'mid oppression and scorn. The sonnd of salvation, astonished the nation So used was the world to the darkness of night; That the silence was broken, Jehovah had spoken, Was shameful delusion," 'twas sacrilege quite. Dupes, fools and deceivers, men called Truth's believers, The faithful were hunted and scorned and oppressed; Nor Justice, nor jury condemned the mob'B fury What right had the Mormons to hope for redress? The , What a social convulsion ! the utter expulsion Of the Saints from their loved, from their fated Nauvoo; martyr'B blood even is crying to heaven! To the righteous Avenger, "the Iloiy and True." We honor the heroes, whose heads arc now hoary, Who fought in those battles for truth and for right; of glory They shall live in our hearts, and the mantle Shall encircle them still, like a halo of light. We honor our brethren, so fearless and zealous, TFao conquered the desert in Liberty's cause; Bat the scrolls of the past most assuredly tell us That the Mothers of Zion, should share the applause. The their deeds stir to valor the young generation, natures May they cleave to the faith with their May en-twin'- d, True scions of Freedom, though some may mislead them, They'll yet build the Kingdom Jehovah designod. Of course they have failings and none arc without them Yet tho faults of the true are as specks on the wave; Mortality's weakness must needs be about them, But some will do honor to parents so brave. Thtn a song for the Mothers, tho Pioneer Mothers, And the true Mormon Mothers of even The world may discard them, but God will reward them, for aye. . He'll crown them as queens in his Kingdom EStlLT HlIX WOODMAN3EB. 8. L. City, March. to-da- y; LIVING LINKS: OR SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BY AVONDALE. CONTINUED. . to-da- A few years previous to the preaching of the Latter-da- y Saints, Gospel in England by the there were devout persons amongst almost every denomination of Christians, as there are now; but at that time, especially from the year 1830 to 1835, there was a large average of that class at .of worshippers. A movement wmmenced Preston, AVvery place where, the great movement was begun the Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saint ica, and to preach the doctnnei Relthebegan ieved in by the members of The the doings of our tern-peran- history of England is before the world, as written in our publications, and as placed on record by those who were opposed to us- as a people. With great rapidity it became known in religious circles that the new sect founded by Joseph Smith had been introduced from America, and that thousands were being proselyted by the preaching of the "Mormon" missionaries. This caused considerable alarm, for it was soon discovered that those who received the new doctrines were among the very best of the various churches. But this was not all; it was found useless to attempt to persuade the new converts to return back to their former church associates. Many were the speculations as to the cause of this perversity; persons were "labored with" by zealous members, but in vain. The conclusion was soon reached that it was "better to let people alone when they joined the 'Mormons for they became crazy with fanaticism." With such an extensive organization as the London City Mission, it was impossible to escape notice that thousands were being "deluded;" every week the missionaries belonging to that body gave in their reports at a central office, and however much rejoicing was manifested when an announcement was made of some case of "conversion," great indignation was expressed at the reports of people being "deluded" and led away by the "Mormons." "Why," said a superintendent of that Mission to the writer, "I should really not have known but what this 'Mormon' was a Christian!" The gentleman had been appointed by the Mission to visit one of the new converts, to see if he could reclaim him. He went on: "When I went into Jiis room he rose from his seat and shook hands with me heartily. He was of the poorer class, but surrounded by all that is necessary to make a working man's home comfortable. I told him the purport of my visit; jthat I was sorry he had turned his back upon the people of God and gone after the followers of a false prophet like Joseph Smith. 'How do you know that Joseph Smith was a false prophet?' asked the 'Mormon' convert, without betraying the least acerbity of feeling. I tried to reason with him, by showing him that prophets are not appointed by the Lord as they were anciently, but I found I had a biblical Goliath to do battle with. He took down the Bible and tried to show me 'there could be no true church without Prophets and Apostles.' He Christ is argued that "'wherever the Church of found, there the ordinances of the Gospel are That 'faith in God and repent-enc- e administered must go before baptism;' that 'baptism must be for the remission of sins that to be efficacious 'it must be administered by one who It was vain has received authority from God to try to show him that the command given to the disciples anciently to go forth and baptize to all who bey was a divine command lieved in baptism as 'a sign of spiritual grace He insisted or 'to answer a good conscience that 'those who are baptized should know that their sins are forgivenanoUhat 'they should receive the Holy Ghost as a witness from God that and had they have obeyed His commands, All this and been baptized by His authority a great deal more was said with an assurance that astonished me, and I must also say inex-a Christian spirit that I certainly had not hint that the pected." The writer ventured to in his theolo"Mormon" seemed to be as sound New Testament Scripgy as the writers of the all of it: efficacy tures. ce Jch; "Self-righteousnes-s, No. 20. in the water, in the laying on of hands, and outward ordinances ! There is no efficacy in anything but the blood of Jesus Christ, and him crucified," he replied. . Not only were the churches of England losing some of their most earnest members by Elreason of the preaching of the Latter-daders, largo numbers were being drafted into infidelity. Probably the great rejoicings among religious bodies at the time the Prophet Joseph Smith was murdered, had a greater effect in that direction than the opposition shown to the doctrines of his followers. Thinking men could not have a very exalted opinion of those . who indulged in the spirit of murder; and the sceptical'in the churches, who were not a few among the young, these forsook the association of religionists and sought for solace in the assemblies of infidels of the most extreme class. The revival spirit gradually died out from the churches; those who had proclaimed that Jesus was coming became silent; prophecies about the Millennium being at hand ceased to bo uttered; reverend pamphleteers who had predicted the day and hour in which Christ should appear, after once or twice correcting dates, and still finding their prognostications were, false, these also ceased to prophesy. The truth appears to be that the Spirit of the Lord that had really exerted an influence among men for a season, had either been withdrawn in degree, or had changed its operations in some new diy rection. Now Mr. Unipod, the missionary, hada great dislike to "Mormonism," and he, in common with other religious persons, had at length given up the second advent of our Lord Jesus Christ. But his eldest son had heard the Gospel at one of the meetings of the Latter-da- y Saints; as a consequence of this he had been baptized and received the Holy Ghost, by which he was ' enabled to see in a degree the true meaning and intent of God towards the human family. The truth is the mother of this man had been a woman of faith, and she had taught her son the value of prayer as a means to obtain favor with God. She pointed to the experience of Saints in all ages, as made known in the history of the patriarchs and prophets; she explained the meaning of dreams and visions, and the reality of the visits of angels to men. She taught her child to pray from his earliest infancy, and the lesson was never forgotten. However wayward and disposed to wander in by and forbidden paths, the prayers of the mother were remembered and false steps were retraced. Oh, did women know the power they have over their offspring, there would be more faith in the world than there is; for little children believe in a mother! The germ of faith may be planted in the youngestheart, and, if it i3 constantly watered mothby the dews of heaven drawn down by a ! As in er's prayers, the truth will never die the natural world the spiritual controls the temporal, the ethereal and unseen forces bind ing them together, so in the world of mind there are living links connecting families, by which the spirit of the fathers and the children are united by the welding influences of the spirit of our Heavenly Father. To be Continued. The Czar of Russia Alexandea II was brutalbombshell ly assassinated by the Nihilists, a thrown ander his carriage, March 13, 1881, H died two hours after. D s 