WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ADDRESSED TO MRS. M. KIMBALL OF PHILADELPHIA. BY HANNAH T. KING. Written by request. Friend of the opprest! And if no more were Baid 'Twould throw a prism'd halo round thy name, Xwould bind a wreath immortal on thy head, - And make for thee an envied scroll of fame. Thy voice has ever been (With woman's tenderness and native tact,) Upraised to put down bitterness and plecn ! Against a growing, veritable fact Among the Senators, and great ones of the land, All thou hadst seen and known yes, all, Thou didst declare, with countenance most bland, And over which shall ne'er descend a pall. Yon came, you saw, and more, you conquered, too, Tta prejudice your mind might entertain; All you asserted was the truth, you knew, And simple truth is easy to explain. Friend of the opprest ! self-indulgenc- e. high-minde- Thy words hereafter on a glittering scroll Shall shine immortal in the realms above, And myriad harps, with sweet and luscious troll, Will laud such spirits filled with human love, Friend of the opprest ! Such thou hast ever been, And firm and faithful in the cause of truth, And God has blest thee with a mind that's keen, And with a heart all human in its ruth. Friend of the opprest! for you our prayers ascend; Long may you live to do much good on earth; Long may you stand the oppressed to defend, And then receive in heaven immortal birth! d, low-spirite- JESSE BURNS, d self-respect- :- Next came thoughts of where her duty lay. OR, Was day, when they were surprised one day by the arrival of her uncle Howard, Jesse's brother, from California. He had come, he said, to take them to her father. Jesse, thinking he could do better to have his family with him, had sent his brother with means for their removal, and full power to settle up his business in Salt Lake. The partnership was dissolved by giving themill and all connected with it to his partnenmd calculations made to start as soon as the spring opened to "the land of gold" Mary thought of no other course but to go, although it was with some misgivings that she began to make preparations. California was a rough place, filled with all kinds of people whom gold had attached to its shores. Jesse was fond of liquor, and before leaving the states had shown a disposition to let the appetite grow upon him. Many reports had come during his absence, of his Mary was grieved to hear such things of her intelligent husband,but, knowing what slaves liquor makes of its votaries, she feared it was too true. She had hoped that on his return to the valley where very little could be obtained, and no temptations were laid to ensnare him, he would get weaned from the fatal indulgence. He did not mean to give d liquor an undue advantage: he thought a strong-mindeman might drink a little if he chose and when he chose,so long as he did not become intoxicated and it would do him no harm. He was too proud to allow himself to become a a little drunkard, but, if sick or brandy was an excellent tonie.and Mary's kind admonitions only angered him, that she had so little confidence in his strength of mind and it Fate? A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvoo, and the early Settlement of Utah. , CONTINUED. The winter brought few changes; the mountain passes were blocked with snow, and all communication with the outside world ceased for many months. The following spring James ) Smith started for the gold mines, with a havthat was going through. His wife a dear friend of ing no children, and being Mary's,persuaded her to share her home during his absence. It was pleasanter for both, as be more comthey were much alone, and could fortable by living together. The long,lonely years crept by,with very little change to break the monotony. Jesse's partner built a cojafortable home for Mary, the first she had lived in since leaving her nice home in Nuuvoo. She had moved about from one old cabin to another, with smoky chimneys and leaky roofs until life seemed a round of wean ness and discouragements. She said no one knew how happy she was to have a roof that Minnie kept her dry when it stormed. her a grew young so fast that people began to think best the made and lady She went to school of her opportunities for getting an education; it was not much, for only the commonest branches were taught, but it proved a b essmg to her in after life. In writing to her relatives at in the East, she often expressed her regrets not having better opportunities. the of humanity still flowed in to to The Pacific coast and emigration- continued cl were come to the mountains. Other villages covered, other settlements madend The Indians altogether were improving. and a great deal caused the settlers some alarm r c Ue of trouble And expense by stealing-- the c on and killing some men, but, ato siderable time and means, stored, andireaties were Q tneu be satisfactory for awhile-fifteenth birtft until Minnie was nearing her corn-pan- ' - pf PfL The Church did hot approve of its members could scattering to the gold fields: no community couna such in prosper or build up, especiallyfirm and holding try as this, without standing was not It brotherhood. of bond a common gold they wanted, but homes; labor, agriculture, manufacturies, orchards, vineyards, education and refinement. Union was strength, and all these possibilities of the future lay within their reach only through perseverance and united efforts. Seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all else shall be added. How could it be if they returned to Babylon. her borders, poor, They had gathered out of sJie had cast them forth needy, to make homes in the desert, or perish in the so wilderness. Should they after suffering so much, give many hardships, and enduringcomfort seemed it all up just as the means of within their reach? Their religion taught them wherein to gather together and buiid Temples do a to perform the ordinance of baptism and work for the dead, whereby they might bring the about the redemption of Israel. Through of ordinances of the Gospel arid the teachings for Christ; to prepaie themselvesrevealed eternity, to Josas through the Celestial Law might eph Smith the Prophet; whereby they in he and powers inherit thrones,principalities with the these All things kingdom of God. household were beredemption of her father's had buried in those fore her The children she dear presence she lon-p- ast years, and whose had' promise of once more beho ding to claim land where thenfor her own, in thatanbngh exaltation m the there is no more partings: of His gon. kingdom of God and partake For these she had suffered partings, privations Should and sorrow, cold, hunger and fatigue. of the she turn back when the hardest won?journey True seemed over and the goal almost al these things;, Jesse did not wish to give up did not intend to he still clung to his faith and few years where he leave it; only to work for a better. liked the climate and surroundingsand Where he could make means easier,did notkeep re He a family more comfortable. half-famishe- d 155 alize that influences were leading him each year farther away from the principles he professed, nor taking his family away was the befrom ginning oflbe course that would take him "the Church entirely; but others saw it . and warned Mary of the result of going away from the body of the Church. To be continued. SOMETHING TO DO. This title is rather suggestive of a lack of is full of work employment and yet the world of one sort or another. There is in the heart of every man, woman or child a natural longwhich ing for somthing to do, But the question shall it be? presents itself is generally, what This causes delay and sometimes while deliberto bear and ating an evil influence is broughtuseful is cast the opportunity to do something aside. Thinking of employment to fill up the intervals reminds me of a remark of Pres. of the iYoung, who often said in illustration have nothing to necessity of work, if you really is full, do, pick up chips and when the pan turn them down and pick them up agan. It is truein every nation and among all classes of people that, "Jiatan finds numc iniftcbief still For idle hands to do." This is not only true of children of both sexone is es but alasl of men and women. When less constantly employed there is .muchof danger any sort. of their falling into difficulties Children should have constant occupation either work or play. They rest when asleep but as soon as they wake they look about them for something to give expression to their forces, is their vigor. As children are growing up itthe the custom in our day to keep thcin in schoolroom three fourths of the ycar.with little during these play time morning and night; themselves acearly and late hours to employ for instance cording to their condition in life,the wealthier the poor boy or girl must labor, does nothing; in nine cases out of ten perhaps, it happens that the boy or girl who has to work out of school hours gets on better than the One obvious reason is that the one who plays. has no work to do and is always who boy bad company playing, very often gets into have never had who among a class of children are a burden to their any training, whose lives come into the world parents and who have inwelcomed, parent- - who totally neglect their children in the imperativeduties to train up their fact they fear of God,neglect their morals even, in restraint are left to themselves, without any are a nuisance m or safeguard. Such children was no such neighborhood. Once there thing to be found here, but as the city increases crowded with in population and streets become huddlemto tenement houses, where poor people of things small rooms in back alleys this state think to one has developed itself, and it leads If such parupon the subject of occupation. have someents would see that their childran have less mconven.ence thing to do, they would abou themselves; foleft as they are to roam finds fo th r thestreets, to do whatever Satan often get into idle hands and busy brain, they however diffi culty which involves the parents, y unwilling may be to assume the responsi-bilk- of ardianship and protection w the offspring" Something to do then that antidote for evil. There is an old Paying a than pound an ounce of prevention is better this case of cure," and it is emphatically true in something to do and it prevents cheer-fulnemelanSly and headache and pod.ee, One and contentment have not would wmething to do,if you a idle, dishonest and worthless,so- ffitfiemaelVcs and a nuisance in oAhe ss ciet More Anon. 