WOMAN .72 a ft & iiio . rrwiilnn had departed toward L M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Relief Society Conference The of Salt Lake Stake was held in tl 14th Ward Assembly rooms in this city Friday, Sept. 23, commencing, at ten o'clock, Mrs. M. Isabella Hortie presiding. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer, the minutes of the last Quarterly Conference were read, followed by remarks from Pres. M. I. Horne upon the duties and labors of the sisters in improving themselves and helping in the great work of the latter days, and much good counsel and instruction. Counselor Elmina S. Taylor exhorted the sisters most earnestly to be alive to the importance of the work in which they had enlisted. Gave a glowing description of the Ladies' Conference she had recently attended in Bear Lake Stake, and the diligence of the sisters in that locality; gave some good and timely instruction to the .secretaries, and urged them to be prompt and correct in making out reports. She spoke, too, of the great changes now transpiring in the earth and among the nations, and ihought it should inspire the Saints with zeal in the performance of all gpod works; and said many other good things. After singing and pniyefjmeeting adjourned until two o clock r. M. Afternoon session: After the usual opening exercises, the Treasurer's report of the Stake M organization of R. S. was read and accepted. Mrs. Datksheba XV. Smith then made a few suggestive and encouraging remarks. Mrs. Phebe Woodruff exhorted the sisters to so arrange their household matters they might have time to attend these meetings, which would help to educate them, and give them spiritual strength; said, "let us be careful to perform the smallest duties in our daily lives." Spoke of the work to be done in Temples for the living and the dead. Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball said this is an eventful time; there is much to be done by all. It is refreshing to witness the zeal manifested by the people of Sanpete County in helping to buildthp Temple at Manti. She had lately visiteoThe Woman's Conference at Tooele; there were large congregations, many brethren attended, the meetings and seemed to enjoy them. She then related a very interesting circumstance about a Peace Conference held in London about forty years ago. If we act well our part we have nothing to fear. There never was a time when there was such universal mourning as there is now in this nation. President Garfield was not shot down from personal spite, it was an attack upon the government, and on all governments. The "Doctrine and Covenants" says, "Pray for the leaders of the government;" I think we should all pray for them, that they may act wisely and peacefully. I pray God to bless President Arthur and his Cabinet, that they may rule in righteousness, and that we as a people may be able to live in righteousness and peace. Mrs. Sarepta M. Heywood said: We are a part of the great American nation, and if our prayers are offered up in a right manner they will tend to goodfif we are humble the Lord will help us. If we could only understand we whecl-in tha great pake areja government-I- f wo could learn to systematize our many la Semi-Annu- f since this Church had been organized we had been living in a peculiar, time. We have been called upon to lose the President of the Church by the assassin's hand, and we know how to sympathize with the nation, for our Prophet I hope and pray that God will was slain soften the heart of President Arthur towards this people, and that all things may work together for go 3d for the whole human family, &c. Mrs. M. W. Wilcox expressed her interest felt these conferin thework of the we received inwhere the ences were places structions, in regard to the special departments of work in assisting to build up the kingdom of God upon the; earth. . Mrs. Elizabeth Howard urged the sisters to greater diligence in spiritual duties, and to make more progress in all that pertains to a higher life. Exhorted them io humility and meekness, and to beware of a proud and bust of the late An order for a been Dean Stanley has given by her Majesty the Queen to Miss Grant, the dean's niece. The " father of the English House of bas-reli- , Commons is Mr. Christopher Talbot, who has sat continuously for Glamorganshire since 1830. A land-sli- p occurred last evening near the village of Elm in the canton of Glarus. Two hundred persons were killed and thirty houses destroyed. Gerome's latest picture represents Raphael admiring from a scaffolding Michael Angelo's frescoes on the ceiling of the Sistine chapel. The perspective is said "'to be something wonderful. Young Mr. Hoar is a big boy now, but he should think of his mother when tempted to , compare Mrs. Mary A. Li verm ore with a trained monkey'. ; A man of the people, now mourned by the wide world, never forgot to pay respect to his mother and toivomen. Let it be remembered that this excellent woman who. helped represent the town of Melrose in yesterday's republican convention at "Worcester has done more to serve tha republican party than the son of Judge Hoarpf Concord. More, too, than Mr. Henry Cabot Lodge of Nahant. Ex. Berne, Sept. " haughty spirit. Mrs. M. Isabella Horne spoke very forcibly and eloquently upon the great events now taking place in this nation, and said th Lord will bring about His purposes no matter who rules. Referred to the prophecies of Joseph Smith, that all the world would be against us; read some paragraphs from the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, and advised the sisters to read these revelations; made further interesting upon this and other subjects. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze thought there was much force in the words "be not weary in welldoing," and entreated the sisters to live up to every known duty, for every one must answer for himself or herself, and no power can take away our reward if we prove faithful. President A. M. Cannon said he often thought of the sisters' meetings, and would be glad to attend them oftener. He had been much pleased with the children's Primary Fair, thought it would result in much good. Said, "As I heard Sister Horne read the word of the Lord to us, I thought mothers should prompt their children to noble acts, and especially to be honest and upright in every act of their lives." Exhorted mothers to make such impressions upon the little ones as would be lasting, and counsel girls in regard to marriage, that they might not degrade themselves by allying themselves to those not in the covenant, but seek to keep the first estate by being faithful; made many excellent remarks upon this subject. Was much gratified to see the improvement being made among the good of this people; the line was being drawn by our' re-mar- ks selves. Some special business was transacted, and M. benighted Presidency, to be the first to recognize the claims of women to im" portant official positions. The Gazette announces the appointment of a lady, Miss Pog-so- n, to be meteorological reporter to the Government of that Presidency. Miss Pogson has for some years discharged with great ability the duties of Assistant Government Astronomer. Ex. so-call- ed TO O A. Xj A. 3FL!0 33 & Of Home Made Trunks for Salo -- -- JOUJf C. Contltatlon Bnlldinfft also HOME MADE Brown Yarns. Cotton Batting, White Yarns, Wool Batting, Colored Yarns, Brooms, Ca6lmers, Washboards, Tweeds, Brushes, Etc., Etc Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Linseys, Jeans, PALACE OF FASHION, JVaJtf EAST TEMPLE ST IMIIRS. O. IB. ZDITIE, Desires the Ladies '"'S ' In oT?6 of Fatt Lake and thoee the City, Show Booms and see her New vtetlng Stockof MILLJ- - k a1 most stylish modes of Straw, Felt and Velvet. Abo. a alee selecSooln Ribbons In tbetotest h66' fHP?h In all its branches. Ory Dealers, please uiVr P1b88' VeIvet Good Vor CalL Ladles' Guarantee! F. AUERBACH & BRO. HAVE TO THEIR HEW STQBE, RflS. UAIAj S3T 124 5 126 and examine Spring and Summer Goods. -- BAVli JAMES, H s TIHNER, CAS, WATER A STEAM FITTER. Prwpi11!? BUMSBY;S celebrated LIFT ihort notice. 5 promptly responded to. - t dEj" theiiW things SatTe by CUTLER, Agent tor the FROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old The Primary Association held their Guar terly Conference Saturday, Sepiember fha exercises consisted of selections, little girls, one aged the auth6rtof it r A&r there was an exhibition of the It has been reserved for Madras, Times says: the SELPpalrd f& Addrw, Meadowytlle. Dy three 12. Government Appointment of a Lady in Madras. The Calcutta correspondent of the Pres. I. Home reminded the sisters of the responsibility resting upon them in regard to storing up grain and purchasing all they could with the money they had now on hand; also to recollect the silk industry, and try to influence as many as passible to take hold of this employment. Said Sister Woodruff had suggested that we make a little carpeting in each r society for the Logan Temple. Conference was then adjourned until December next Sinng Doxology. Benediction by President E. Howard, Sec'y. ef "v , al . children had made for the Paris Fail-- , which consisted oi scans, tunes, mottoes, wooi nowerv chair cushions and stockings; all were very nice, as our Association is small, -Margaret J. Eldredoe, Sec'y. u Mrs. Presendia H. Kimball, in her remarks, thought we were living in a curious day; ever . . EXPONE NT. bora we could make them lighter, and we would not be so weary, &c. the order was given the cemetery in the af ternoon,an into the pavilion, desired who all zuard to admit the building; casting and they paaaed through bier. Ihe deserted the at lingering glances of the most of the was expressive one scene which fall the rain entire day. Despite occurred between 3 and 4 o'clock, people filed iu unprotected. Not leas than 30,000 souls paid this unusual tribute to the glory of the dead President. K. S., Y ' S wax and FORCE Orden from David James, Box 308, Salt LaU City. iy 33 jsi 33 33 SALT LAKE CITY. mad fetorea, DRIED FRUITS OF ALL jrLy'i CUSSES WANTED. 