The BigEts of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 9. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15, MISTAKES. Who does not make mistakes? If there la one Who feela no vain regrets for ought he's done, Who would not fain recall some things he's said, Or joy to unravel some entangled thread, I'dike to know him, and become his friend, And in his company some seasons spend, That I might learn thelaws which he hath kept, And strive henceforth to step where he hath step'd- - I have this sample in the Son of Qod, And He has plainly marked the path He trod; I need not err, the pattern is complete, Ti8 my own weakness where I fail ares meet. Bat oh! what charity should here prevail, Since mortal strength is ever prone to fail; How constant, too, shonld be the fervent call, Lord, help us! save us, or we perish all - ' 1881 No. 24. gone through, in which she was the principal actor she had to meet her Lords in council, to announce to them her intention to receive Prince Albert as her Consort, and felt it her duty to apprize them of her decision; feeling she added, that she would be increasing tlie happiness and prosperity of her country by such a step, etc. Imagine, my young readers ! these were unique and mighty ordeals for a girl of eighteen to pass through. But in all such great events, it was remarked in every paper throughout the country, how collected and how dignified was her deportment at such times, the only indication of emotion was her extreme pallor; and at her coronation the diamond stomacher she wore trembled glitteringly betraying the pulsation of her whole system. Though in the midst of a crowd of loving subjects, she yet literally had to stand alone through all. Think of it, and bless the girl for her coura- There is real courage in Victoria. Like Elizabeth, she has impressed herself upon her people and her court. Libellous attacks have been made upon her, but she has endured them calmly and quietly. Ilcr children are not unas worthy of her, and they hold her . their Princess Beatrice, her youngest daughter, is an example to all daughshe has devoted her ters, of whatever-gradlife to her as her companion, reader, atyoung as and it were, her shadow. Princess tendant, Alice was an angel in disguise within tho family circle the watchful friend and assistant of all; but she has passed away to join her lamented father In the realms of peace and joy. The death of Prince Albert was in one sense death-bloa to the Queen. She has ever since seemed to exist under a cloud, though the voice of the country has somewhat aroused her from her apathy, and of late she has in some degree thrown otf the incubus that enthralled her, but every anniversarv of that sad day she holds sacred, visits the Mausoleum with her children and one or two select friends, and her private chaplain, and they strew the choicest flowers elegant wreaths, crosses, and bouquets over the tomb containing those loved allies. A sacred service of prayer is also always observed, and the day is one of meditation and seclusion. Within this Mausoleum is a sarcophagus, made by the Queen's order at the time; it" has two recesses for two coffins, the Prince is laid in one, and all know who is intended to occupy the other. In death they will not be divided. Queen-mother- e; w geous nobility! I will here relate a circumstance that was THE VICTORIAN ERA. BY HANNAH T. KINO. Back steps are sometimes necessary to propel us forward, and it seems I rather deal in this mode of proceeding, for I find I must retrograde a little in this era of Victoria. I have spoken in my last section of Prince Albert visiting England, and the association of the cousin-- . ins; but the! Queen took an opportunity to 3 self too young for any engagement, aha wished all such to be waived for two or three' years. Prince Albert was also notified to this efiect, she being little more than eighteen, with the weight of a great and mighty empire upon her shoulders. Of course, all had to obey this decision; and it seemed a wise one. In October, vis1839, Prince Albert and his brother again ited England; their destination being that fine old castle of Windsor, built by the Empress Maude, which received the young Princes, and the Queen herself received them at the top of the royal staircase, amid all the magnificence of the noble domain, as though they had been asEmperors. A noble circle of visitors were sembled to meet them, who were all on the qui vive to see how the royal cbusins bore each other's society; Prince Albert was then a young man, with a countenance indicative' of his character gentleness, were deep thought' and-- high intelligence All were stamped upon his expressive features. -- me : at once; charmed with his appearance and man- and The visit proved a happy one. The brothers had arrived on the7 8th of Octo' ber, and though' it- was - understood that all was. prohibited, about the 15th a small matter change had' come;: still it was no to address the Queen regnant of England, the said path was an intricate one; what had to;je ners, which i bespoke high purpose' - , love-maki-ng - not :by .him a necessity her etiquettalheiQaejensentvfor him to and must .be 'said by her, of boudoir. 1 He 'is ushered, in by a footman, the door is' cJoseiThen.of course propriety did. not wase, but '.probably, extreme etiquette : did;, love told lovingly reiterated at the time all through the country, as a trait of her womanly amiability. At one part of the coronation, when she had passed all the ceremonies, the crown placed upon her head, and she was seated alone upon the throne, the great officers of state make their obeisance to the sovereign kneeling on one knee; the dais on which the throne was placed had to be ascended by two or three steps, and a very old and infirm nobleman slightly tripped and nearly fell. The Queen actually impulsively sprang from her seat as though to hefnhim. Of course, in a moment attendance -- ing had happened; but the action was lauded by all, far and near. Yes, Victoria has ever been a natural woman ! The childhood of Queen Victoria had been osspent in comparative seclusion, and without tentation of any sort. Her mother, the Duchess of Kent, was a wise, judicious parent, and knowing her grand and responsible future, prepared and educated her for her high position. Of course she had every assistance from the most learned and exalted characters; but for her moral training she was indebted to her mother. And as a daughter she was most exlife. In emplary to the latest hour of her considered her every important event she mother's feelings; even when the poor wretch, Oxford, fired a pistol at her, as she and Prince Albert were riding in one of the parks m a her in his pony phaeton, the Prince clasped are safe, arms, exclaiming, "Thank God, you she said, "Drive me to my mother s house, that How she may first hear the news from me! was exhibited lovely the child m the woman, in this desire. They, of course, immediately and she drove to the Palace at Kensington, the event playfully related joyfully and even kince Albert was almost to her mother, overcome' with contending emotions trial of the mfchtlbef yet 'she desired atbethf spared, and as that his life merciful desires .were car-rie-d consistent, her at that out. Thnce her life was attempted no life inbat'in ;all ca.es ehe would nave taken for the deed. K ; ' tis own tale and, was intelligible to fboth;.'and',when :they. emerged. room arm in anniCwas .visible tq.aUthatW come of love encircled them, andltherad; .be- onel4rE'r rUris4H i bza twph 'And now another trjmgs&rWd 1? "lie quality of mercy is not strained, ' '. kpfj?1 Halo - than hU crowu, ! betUr It become, the monarch God Eimaelf;,; of it i an attribute When mrcy leuooi JmU I -- uxbxumm ; '"'' ""-- "v-.- . , :sw$r "t.u$4 "UTAH AND ITS PEOPLE. " prolific subject is intelligently and truthfully treated upon in one of the leading journals of the day, the "North American ReThe view, by President George Q. Cannon. article has been largely commented upon in other journals and newspapers, and it will no doubt be the means of enlightening many "who sit in darkness" on the "Mormon" question. Strange to av, there is still gross ignorance in regard to Utah, its people and institutions, and there are many who seek to complicate the subject by wilifal misrepresentations, to further their own purjwses and destroy the influence of those who have made the desert a desirable dwelling place. They would hinder the "Mormon" people from enjoying the privileges of American citizens, representing them as a nation of foreigners, holding ideas entirely at variance with republican institutions. The writer in the Review speaks of the large proportion of men and women of Puritan, or New England lineage. It is true, that go where you will in Utah, in the smallest and most remote settlements, you are sure to fiiSd a goodly proportion of Yankees, or people from Ohio, New York and Pennsylvania, In considering the nationality of those who hold positions of importance in women's organizations, it is a reratrkable fact that we find a very large percentage from the Eastern and Middle States. But we as a people do not recognize these facts in a religious point of view, and those who embrace women as" well as men, renounce their allegiance to king, queen, foreign potentate and powers, and identify' themselves at the earliest Amer-ic- a possible moment with the government of 1 : ,v the country of .their adoption uw Jiaai, m Una; oi. the leaoinz journals m This Mor-monis- m, , speakingrcf Mr. ; Camion's' article; sayirwHe 