W 46 r ; - - N SEA 1' O JNJSJN x. - f ; , It teemed that TiMother. Youns where a he saw Joseph sitting a little r iijto, place floor where he stood, with some 'l higher than the around him, but bVing o oyer6yed to persons he' went straight to salute him when he found ' a barrier of some kind Which' pre- September was spoken of and the children were urged to prepare articles for exhibition. Conference was adjourned for three'months. SingBenediction ing "Gather up, the sunbeams , by Mrs. Phebe Woodruff! Vilate C. Young, Sec'y. is Prpmdpnt tells me a good record-boo- k an aim for the near future. The writings ot E. R. Snow Smith and the little pamphlet of Hannah T. King's Women of the Scripture, are read weekly to the little ones. Also 'Gems" "My First Mission" &c. &c. A little Jubilee as .near as possible having copied it from the ' original manuscript V Joseph stepped ioward3 me and looking very earnestly, yet pleasantly said, "Tell the people to behumble and faithful, and be sure to keep the spirit of the Lord, and it will lead them right; be careful and not turn away the still small voice: it will .teach, you how. to ,do and where to go; it willjield the fruits of the kingdom: Tell the brethren tp rtjep their hearts open to conyicton so that when, the Holy Ghost comes to them", their Learns will be ready to receive it, ' Thfy c&ii te the, Spirit of the Lord fr'omthef spirits; if will whisper peace, and jo to their souls; if will take malice, hatred, strife and all evil from their hearts; and their ' whole desire5 will be to do good, bring forth righteousness arid build up the kingdom of God. .Tell the brethren if they will follow the Spirit of the Lord tbey will go right. vBe ture ia tell the people to keep the Spirit of ihe Lord: and if they will, they will find themselves just as they were organized by our Father in Heaven, before they came into the world. human :0Wti Father; in Heaven organized .family, but they are all disorganized and in gr.eatiConfusion.'V Joseph then showed me the they were in the beginning. This ritern, Ijow describe, bu I saw it, and saw when the Priesthood had been taEen from the earth, and how it must be joined together so as to make a perfect chain from Father Adam to his latest , pos,terity. Tell the people toleure to keep Vie 4jPl$flJt &e Jjord, and follow it, and it will lead uicjit just, jryru. 17 -- OMA ; : and executed by the Pres., and Association for the Faculty and Twenty-Fourtwhich was the first thing of the kind ever attempted in this settlement. Programme of the Twenty-FourtSong, Joseph Smith's First Prayer, by the children, prayer by Elder Jacob Gates, song "In our lovely Deseret," by four little girls; all the children jpining in the chorus, dialogue by Luella Hanks and Claude Gates, recitation by George Anderson; song Put me in my little bed" by three little ones Bancingr-song,"Hewe stand, hand in hand," fiVe two years old to five; ones from little by recitaions,' by four little girls, recitation by Minnie Gates,, recitation by Irona Hanks. The children having done their part most prettily Eldar Jocob Gates was invited to sing, which he did tendering the song "The old oak" with much 'spirit and vigor. Brother and Sister' Goold followed with "hard times" and Bro. and Sister Sylvester with another song, and Bro. McDoiigall with a recitaThe picnic supper tion. followed: and full justice was done to the excellent viands, after 'which Master Claude Gates sang "We are the children of the Saints, the children all singing the chorus,and Bro. Sylvester closed with prayer. Thus ended a spirited, pleasant entertainment, showing what energy and tact can accomplish when guided by the Spirit of God. was planned h, 18th, Ward Primary. The Eighteenth Ward Primary Association R. Snow Smith was organized by Sister-Elizand at the present time the officers are as follows. President, "Anne B. Snow; counselors, Hannah M Wright and Margaret P. Young; secretary, Rachel ,, Patrick;. treasurer Eliza Edmonds. Hummer. of members 87, .Order of exercises singing, prayer, singing; minutes of the previous meeting read, and then the programme, is in order, which consists of, select reading, from the Old 'and New Testament, Book of Mormon and miscellaneous works also, songs, recitations, dialogues, questions, to be answered by the little ones. The Secretary then calls the roll, and if there are any who wish to become members they are voted in; if there is no other business,meeting is adjourned for one week with Binging and prayer. I would also state that there have been several things made by the children of the Association for the County Fair. Rachel Patrick, Sec'y. h: ; a : re ( ; 1 ' TOQUERVILLE. We had a visit at Tpquerville last spring from Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, Zina D. Young and Minerva, Snow, They gave us some good instructions and organized a Primary Association, which I think: wjll be the means of much good. About that time we had a visit from sister Mary Nebeker from Bear Lake, she attended our meetings and seemed to enjoy the visit very much; she has a sister in this settlement. The sisters in our society one and all express a desire to live their religion and do all they can in assisting to build up the Relief Society and other, organizations in the kingdom of God. We liave sent for a Church Organ using the money we had in the treasury for that purpose, thinking it might be a benefit to our Primary Association in enthe couraging young to attend meeting. The weather is oppressively, warm at present; we are anticipating a good time on the 24th. Ever wishing for the success of the Exponent, I remain your sister in the everlasting Susa Young Gates. see-Josep- vented him approaching nearer. Joseph said, ; JyoU'cannoi: come now.'but must wait awhile i! till Voiir work is done;' and then conversed a "while good WiirfhlnYconcerning events past and !lt65cbme, when about to leave, he, Brigham, asked Joseph what he should say to the people from him, upon which the piece I have now copied from the manuscript was the answer. 8. G. R. - ' l. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. R. 8., Y. L. M BELLEVUE PRIMARY. When Sisters E. R. Snow Smith and Zina D. YoUng, passed r through Bellev,ue on their Ml! way north Jast. March; they called the few families who are here together faix in nnmKpr ana organises tno rnmary ana JteJiei Societies ! Twenty children's names appeard on the roll, about ten or twelve only ijjut attend; some bebabies. mere few raonths.which ing During the 1 &ave passed, much has been accomplished, comparatively speaking. Through donations , the sum of $3.40, has been put in the Treasury; 10 having been spent for books and tracts leaving 30 cts. in the. Treasury, The tiny library contains eighteen txmks and tracts; besides which, each child has a Primary Book. The 'meeting are held on Hymn Sunday morning, presided over by Airs. Mary V. Gate and although never having had any previous experience in this line, Sister Gates has a natural uptitude and an attractive motherly way with the children, which fit her for the place she occupies. Ieminently must say I admire her practical way of giving the little ones ideas that they can lay hold qf, instead of them with abstruse subjects and" boreing preaching that they cannot understand. The usual 18 1 0ut and cul- m mu81c""l her children are $3. "2!?l cipal feature. Minute are rtrictlr kept and ' Beaver Stake. The U. S., ' of Beaver held their fifth Quarterly Conference at MinersvilIe,on the fifteenth, of July. Sister L. Howd presiding. There was a good attendance of brethren and sisters from the other settlements. After the opening exercises the morning was occupied with the reading of reports, and some excellent instruc tiohs from the sisters. In the afternoon Bishop McKnight and other brethren made some cheering and instructive remarks, commending the sisters for their diligence in well doing. A spirit of love and union prevailed, which exist nowhere but among the Saints. The societies throughout the County were reported in a prosperous condition, the members all feeling to rejoice in the blessings they possess through the roodueas of God. E. A. Faknsworth, Sec'y. -- ; Gospel. Elisabeth W. Lunt, Sec'y. Primary Conference. The Salt Lake Stake Primary Conference was held in the Assembly Hall in this city Saturday morning, June ISth, Mrs. Ellen C. S. Clawson presiding. Opened by singing "We thank thee 0, God for a prophet." Prayer by Mrs. M. Isabella Home. Singing "Children do y.m Jove each other." Minutes of Conk rence read and accept!.' Verbalprevious report" given from the 3d, loth, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th", 150i 16th 17th, 18th, 10th, 20th, and '21 Wards of this city; Singing the, children al intervals during the time thely reports were being given Seven or eight little girls sung Hope of Israel'; and again "Come and join our army. fThis was done .in order that the meeting might not be so monotonous for the children. After the reports the following adies addressed the children upon obedience, to parents, punctuality, truthfulness, and other appropnatejubjects in simple language suited to the capacity of children, Sisters Louie Felt, Camilla Cobb, M. Isabella Home, E. C. s! Clawson. The Children's Fair to be opened in While at Hampton on Fridav hq Prince of Wales suddenly found himself hailed as King of Egypt. Some gypsies got roun'd the Royal carriage, but her Royal Highnes3 declined to inquire too curiously into the future. The Prince of Wales propitiated thedark-ekin-ne- d children of Pharaoh by purchasing from one of the fraternitya couple of cubs. Froin this act of generosity he was promptly hailed by the queen gipsv as King of Egypt.. had probably little to do with the; Prophecy cry, and in Mr. Gladstone's time of it will no possess meaning; but with Lord .Beacons-fielin power the apostrophe of the . gipsy woman might have had some significance. -- t 4 . nen-intcrventi- on d - , Mbs.-C.-T- Cole, of Ml Peasant, Iowa, at Council Bluffs,June23,rcadtady&llefit paper, in which she made a plea for the ideal rbome. AIme. Adelina Patti is really coming to America, and passage for herself, her' attendants and M. Nicolini, has been engaged on the Rerna, MiliDg October 22. I 