WOM AN'S EX P ONE NT, a goods, of which they keep good variety.: It is for the well arranged with screens and curtains ladies are various departments of work. Five and we were informed regularly employed there, the establishment Is well patronized by people from Echo and other places in the vicinity. assortment of ladies' They keep in the store a fine is furnishing goods, for trimmings, etc., which quite an advantage. Shortly after the house was built the sisters time. gave a tea party, and had a very enjoyable The large hall is brilliantly lighted for evening with handsome chandeliers; and in fact the entire arrangements are suitable and in keeping with the purpose for which the building was We were informed It was all paid constructed. for, and the sisters of Coalville may congratulate themselves on having been so successful. It proves they are w)men of ability and enterprise, from small beginnings to have accomplished so much. HOME AFFAIRS. Word has been received of the arrival at the Capitol of Hon. George Q. Cannon, Delegate from Utah to the 47th Congress. Bishop O. F. Whitney and party, who sailed from New York Nor, 2, in the 8. 8. Arizona, have arrived in Liverpool, having had a very pleasant and prosperous voyage. ; President Taylor and party are still travel- ing in the settlements, holding meetings and making glad the hearts of the people. It Is expected they will return about the 5th of the month. sublimely touching. When you are purchasing Christmas Gifts, include "Wild Flowers of Deseret," which may be purchased at this office. died at the home of her son, Thomas C. Griggs, who has but recently returned from a mission to A sumptuous dinner was given oh Wednes day, Nov. 23, at 12 m., by the officers of the Relief Society of the 10th Ward in this city, at the residence of the President, Mrs. Jane Earl All the teachers of the Relief Society of the ward were invited, also the Bishop and hii Counselors, with their wives. The following ladies were also present by Invitation: Mesdames Eliza R. Snow Smith, Presendia L Kimball, M. Isabella Home, Bathaheba W. Smith, Elizabeth Howard, Elmina 8. Taylor and Emmeline B. Wells. After dinter a meeting was held in the Ward meeting house, which was well attended by brethren and sisters, Mrs. Jane Earl presiding. A good spirit seemed to prevail, and much good instruction was given by the sisters men tioned above, and many suggestions made calculated to benefit the Society were they put In practice. Counselor James Woods made a few remarks at the close of the meeting, expressing his appreciation of the work of the different organizations in which the sisters were, so earnestly and assiduously laboring, and referred to the order of the Church as set forth by the Apostle Paul, where, after enumerating the different degrees of authority, speaks of the helps; and certainly he considered these organizations were Sister Eliza explained that essential helps. President Joseph Smith stated in Nauvoo that whenever the Church of Christ was fully organized upon the earth, the Relief Society existed. Sister Griggs had- been for years an efficient teacher in the Sunday School, where she was greatly beloved by all. She had been a member of the Relief Society from its first organization to the time of her death, having joined the Society in the 14th Ward at the time it was organ, ized by Bishop Hoagland. She was zealous in d all good works, was benevolent and by nature, and delighted in doing good to others. She was a firm believer in all the principles of the everlasting Gospel, and thought no sacrifice too great for the Gospel's sake. She sleeps in peace, and her memory is enshrined forever in the hearts of those who loved her. Her hopes of eternal life and a part in the first resurrection were strong to the last. The funeral was held at the residence of her son in the 15th Ward. There was a large number of friends and relatives assembled to pay the last tribute of respect to the deceased. The singing by, the 15th Ward Choir was heavenly. Counselor D. H. Wells delivered an interesting and eloquent discourse, and was followed by Prest. Joseph F. Smith, who made an earnest appeal to the living to walk in the ways of eternal life. ning, Nov. 5, the Home Dramatic Club will appear in the play entitled "Our Boarding House." Mr. Henry Mai ben, well known on the Salt Lake Btage in former days, will take a part in the per- - kind-hearte- E. B. W. OBITUARIES. Died, in Moroni, Sanpete Co., Utah, Helena Sorenson, born in Denmark, 20th of January, 1822, and died Sept. 16, 1881, aged 59 years and seven months. She was the wife of Michael : Sorenson. She was a Teacher for several yearB in Moroni Relief Society; has always been ac- formance. Os Sunday morning, Nov. 27, the Primary Association of the 17th Ward was by Bister Eliza R. Snow Smith. Mrs. Julia C. Howe was elected President, Mrs. Maria Y.Dou-- . gall First Counselor, Miss Belle Clayton and Miss Phebo Tingey also Counselors; Miss Nellie Secretary; Miss Flossie Alder, Assistant Secretary, and Master Willie Dougali, Treasurer. The meeting was addressed by Sisters E. R. S. and B. W. Smith. The first meeting will be held on Friday, Dec. 2, at 3 p. m. "Voice from the Mountains," is the title of a pamphlet of twenty-fou- r pages, by Joel H. Johnson, published at the "Juvenile Instructor" office in this city. It contains a brief sketch of the author's life, and strong testimonies of the truth of the Gospel, as revealed to Joseph Smith. Bro. Johnson was born in Grafton, Mass., 1802, and has been a Mormon half a century; was with Joseph Smith when the Word of Wisdom was given him by revelation. The book is one our young people should read. It Is far sale at the Juvenile Office, price ten cents. We call attention to the advertisement of Wild Flowers of Deseret," and suggest to our readers that it would be suitable for Christmas Gifts. It Is a book no one need be afraid to put into the hands of their children, and contains a great variety of poems. The author has struggled very hard to secure Its publication, and is depending upon the sale of it to relieve her from the embarrassment incurred by publishing Among other home manufactures, home litera. ture should not be neglected. We have no hesitation in recommending the book upon its own merits. It well worth the price, and more. Some of the poems are grand, some quaint and d, Salt The Secretaries of Relief Societies Lake Stake are urgently requested to send in their reports by the 5th of March, as it is impossible for the Stake Secretary to make a correct report unless she receives the report from each Society in due time. M. Isabella Horne, Prest Elizabeth Howard, Setfy. semi-annu- - England. ATTENTION, SECRETARIES! At the Salt Lake Theatre, on Monday eve- Al-for- 101 tive and energetic in the performance of every duty pertaining to the relief of the poor, to the orphan and the sick. Sister Helena has lived baint. She bore her and died a true Latter-da- y sufferings with great patience; she requentb spoke of death, but always with calmness and resignation to the will of her Father In Heaven, She was beloved by all that made acquaintance with her. She has passed away in the glorious hope of a part in the first resurrection. She has Joined the hosts of friends behind the vail, who with those are looking forward to a that remain. She is deeply mourned by her posterity and her many friends, who knew her loving disposition. al IN ME MORIAM. wShc lived a Saint, beloved on earth By friends and kindred dear, Who knew her well and prized her worthier memory still revere." E. R. S. S. re-uni- on , Died, in the loth Ward, S. L, City, Nov. 18, was 1831, Mrs. Charlotte W. Griggs. Deceased born i i Dover, Kent, England, Nov. 4. 1818. She was baptized in Dover, Dec. 24, 1854, and came to America in 185G, crossing the ocean in the 8hipWellfleet,,, from Liverpool to Bosto where she landed on tho 9th of July. Sister in Boston, Griggs, with her family, remained where she formed some pleasant acquaintances and lasting friendships with other Latter-daSaints who were temporarily residing there previous to coming to Utah. She was a woman of moat sterling integrity, and one capable of the sincere and close confidence in companionship. In June, 1881, she left Boston and came to the frontiers, crossed the plains in Captain Joseph Home's company. On the way she met with a most terrible misfortune, the death of her mother by accident, being run over with a team. Mrs. Griggs, who was a widow, and her two sons arrived in Salt Lake City Sept. 13,1861. The same year Charles, her eldest son, died at the residence of Bishop Hess, at Farmington. Sister Griggs was a resident for two years or more of tho Fourteenth Ward, was Fair-Aein that Ward, but removed from there to 'in Cedar Valley, where she lived about two year?; subsequently removed laek to the demise. She city, where she resided until her y , M, Jane Bailey. Died, at West PorterviJle, Morgan Co, Nov. 6,1831, of inllammatiou of the peritoneum, Catherine Smithurst, aged 61 years and 22 days. Deceased was born in Ruin worth, Lancashire, England, Oct. 14, 1820; was baptized into the Saints Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Jan. 6, 1850; emigrated with her husband in 18"5, but could only proceed as far as Ntw York for lack of means. While she remained in that who city she entertained many of the Elders were on missions, and Prest. Taylor was a fre- quent visitor at her itsidence at the time that he was editor and publisher of tho "Mormon." She emigrated to Utah in 186L She was a faithful wife and mother unto death, valiant in the testimony of Jesus, her hopes never flagging nor her faith wavering in the promises of eternal life. Sbe was the mother of thirteen children. She had- - been for ye:.: 3 President of the Relief Society of this, ward; and was energetic in that capacity anil was always willing to reof her, until spond to every call that was made her health failed in 187S, when she was honor, , She, was subfe ably released from tliat .to tho Presi-Uequently called to bo Firt. Jouiuelor of the Primary Association of' Jhi-- ward, which office she held to the day of her death. ut J t 