t ...... '"" - f . rr II .. ID 1 7- - ZZL The Eights of .the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of aU Nations: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY 1, 181. Vol. 9. OUR OWN ELIZA SNOW. BY EMILY - HILL WOODMAN8EE. in commemoration of the Be?enty 6e Tenth imdrcrsarr of the birthday of Pres. Eliza R. Snow at the celebration given in honor to her Smith, ana ;; Ogden Jan. 21, Written Cheerfully we pay a tribute That to life long worth we owe; Thus wo celebrate the birthday Of our own Eliza Snow. Zealous, wise, unflinching ever, In the cause of truth and right, lleaveh has blest her true endeavor, Zion's Daughters to unite. 3y the holy priesthood chosen, 0er her sisters to preside, "Thkwas Sister Snow's appointed mission Has a long felt want supplied. Who can estimate the harvest, That frm precious seeds have grown Through the length and breadth of Zion By her faithful daughters sown? Nor confined to Zion's borders, Shall the bounteous blessings be; Scattered Eceds the winds have wafted, Unto lauds beyond the Sea. Seeds of worth that now unnoticed, Trodden down shall yet expand-Sile- ntly shall grow and flourish, Bearing fruit in every land. ' tearing fruit for Eve's lair daughters, Who so long have kissed the sod, Freedom's fruit that yet shall lift them, To the plane approved by God. Zion's sons their work are doing, Zion's daughters muph have done, Never will their tasks be finished, Till the cause of Kight is won. Earnest men, and faithful women, Tried and proven .13 by lire; Who have braved the world's opinion, And the rabble's murderous ire; Earnest men, and faithful women, Dauntless as a phalanx strong, Will (by angel hosts assisted) Still oppose the Right to Wrong In the coining generations TIenrts "shill with approval glorc, f their f.iitlj, who claim such women, As our ov:i Eliza Snow! Years We trnet will yet be added. T') hu- past rije seventy-seven- : A i for this the Lcart-fel- t wishas, of her friends ascend to Heaven. Cheerfiilly we pay the tribute, That to life long worth we owe Thus we celebrate the birth-daOf our own Eliza Snw. - y EY A VON DAL . CONTINUED. ftefore the "honeymoon" had passed away, a Vsit to the eountry was projected by Mr. Wil-jjaUnipod-fo- r his newly married bride; the lather othat gentleman ved inTtutlandshire, """land counties of 'England, Twrv n tnose av8 was something serious, t d the means of transit were slow. A visit the Black Swan, in Holborn, from which uery sundry conveyances started regularly, m te Whittam on the hill was reached in safety, without any other than the ordinary tribulations of traveling in those still perilous times. There is something charming in country life in England, especially to those who have been for a long time pent up in a crowded city like London. The home of Mr. Henry Unipod, farmer and grazier, was certainly a comfortable one; beneath its ample roof it contained almost everything one could need to make home happy. Cosiness and cleanliness vied with each other to make every part of this abode delightful. It was impossible to telfwhich Jo admire the most, the perfect order preserved in the establishment, or the thorough cheerfulness of those who made such order possible all were happy. At daylight the farm hands met in the large hall adjacent to the parlor, the table spread with chines of bacon, smoking hot vegetables, and brown bread; pies of an enormous size, containing pork and peas, onions and apples, in a solidified mass of jelly, seasoned in the "Black jacks," or most agreeable manner. jugs full of foaming homemade beer, and pitchers of the whitest kind of earthen ware, filled with sparkling water fresh from the hands spring. No tea or coffee for the farm as spirituous was allowed, and such things seen. liquors wore never Morning meal over, away went the men to their work, carrying with them a lunch of hard beer, bread and harder cheese, with a keg-o- f airain Home to refresh themselves at midday. at four o'clock; the evening meal was partaken of, consisting of roast jtfeat, fowls and pastry, . that had been left from the parlor dinner-tableWhere the cooking was done no one could times a spit scarcely tell except that at sundry was turning before the fire of the kitchen performed by a "turnranged duty that was turned spit do, with his feet admirably who toperform the duties of his calling, himknew when he was wanted, and presented self to do his turn on the wheel. As to Farmer Unipod, he was also up with the lark, and after taking a"bite"with the men, he would go round the farm and return to breaktast at six o'clock, when the family met and partook of an ample meal, the ladies only indulging in tea. been done, the By this time the milking had cows turned out in the meadows. The ladies would fee to the "rennet" for curdling theAny clean"meaVof milk for attended to. ing that had to be done was then strained and The cheese curd was broken up, and put into suitable presses. Then scalding to be as so rinsing of tubs was attended to, brick floor Then the red ready for . on SPIRITUAL AND TEMPO RAL. - In 1792, out-war- ds LIVING LINKS T made known the fact that on "every Monday, Wednesday and Friday those persons who wanted to go to Stamford could do so by stage coach, at which place they would arrive in two days (if God permits), and return the same;" also that "passengers could be booked at the Black Swan, in Holborn, London, or at the Black Swan in Stamford- - 14 its weight allowed with each person, 3d per pound extra." And as Stamford was the nearest town to conveniently reach "Whittam on the hill," which could be done by post chaise, it was decided to secure inside places by the said stage coach, for which the very respectable sum of two guineas was accordingly paid, "as a guarantee that Mr. and Mrs. Unipod would be passengers on the day bargained for, or forfeit the money." cheese-makin- to-morr- g. No. 17. was cleaned till it was bright as a cherry. The farm work for the women was then done for the day, and they were seen knitting, sewing and spinning for the evening. As to the "parlor folks," they were attended to by a maid servant, whose duty it was' to have meals prepared in the kitchen, and to wait upon the household, she having the keys of sundry closets and rooms; as butteries, cheeserooms, and receptacles for hams, pickle!, preserves and groceries, for domestic consumption. The parlor life at Farmer Unipod s was pleasant in the extreme. They were on visiting terms with the gentry, intimately acquainted with the vicar and his lady, and the curate never passed the door without calling in to retail the news of the day and take "just one glass of Mr. Unipod's famous ale," Mr. Unipod himself was a genial gentleman, who had made money by stock raising; he hud some of the finest meadows in the county, kept good horses, of which he was a most excellent judge; he had good shooting and fishing on hw farm, was liberal to the poor, and a regular attendant at church. Such a man could not be other And than respected in the neighborhood. when it was known that "Master William," the eldest son of the worthy farmer, had brought down his young wife from London, everybody was anxious to make her acquaintance, and to extend to her their hospitalities. Ixmg, long did the memory of those days of happiness remain with Mary Lindsay, now the wife of William Unipod, who, although much her senior in years, treated her with reverential resmooth the spect,- and did his. best endeavor to life. path she had to tread in after Several weeks were spent at Whittam on the hill, a place lovely for situation; all the ravines and copses became quite familiar to the "London Lady," as Mrs. William Unipod was favisit the miliarly called. It was a treat also to village" church; for although the walls had but few monuments and tablets to relieve the sameness of the whitewash, the chancel wa- emfilled with bellished with manv little niches, I here sculpturing bv some of the best artists. a- was also paneling in ouk, uim win., v re hfid ,,n r,f a venerable antiquity, but V: the. renovfited, under the direction v xh voung curate; a "delightful man," v a there the ladies. Then baptismal font of most exquisite workmanship, reon which were the 'arms of the Unipods, in by membrance of its having been prteent All of that member family. some former to Mary Lindwere precious these things very association- say, bringing back to memory -the most agreeable kind, and although the intonations and chantings common to the larger churches were wanting, the simplicity ami less subsolemnity of the services were not the lime and consolatory. Before Mrs. William Unipod had hardly had time to recognize all the various persons nuwho assembled for public worship in the merous pews, the time of returning to London arrived. The great pew for the church wardens everybody knew; there it was with its tail hassocks made of flaming red leather, soft to kneel on, and sufficiently high for the dutiful officials to be seen kneeling before alUhe Then the wands overlaid with gold where the were placed in the exact position auchurch wardens and other ereat parochial the was thorities would kneel. Then there sides o: called it, the "big pew," as the people tlii-bce- n - al-'.- is 1 con-jrretcati- 