WOM AN VS EXJROtfEN, 80 ge of Roman matrons beyond the a fine representative of her, other wdmen, but iexihd class; In the sympathy that is felt for her tuid the admiratidn of ner domestievjieirtuea imd wifeTjr. devotion; let U3 learn to appreciate 'taqrertrmr tbe; womentaAt arej nearer to ua f for the; shoulder of any, lady. in ; the land. There was a child'Sihoan.QfvSill a'very exquisite affair, made by Mrs. 0. vans; of Nephi. A handsome netted scarf made by Mrs. R. Wareham of Manti. rThe.re wer.e specimens of silk lace manufactured in. a; variety of patterns by the mmous Jjace maker Jlrs. Lizzie TJrsen-bac- h Compton of Morgan. Jhere were many other specimens and articles of home-mad- e silk, also There on collars, neckties, purses, etc.; were, exhibition two kinds of dresSigpods, 70 yards, of home spun, silk which was reeled by the lat Mrs. J osepbine Schettler, one; plain the other brocade. The first silk dress goods ever manufactured in Utah was made by Mrs. Laurinda Robinson of Farmington who raised the cocoons from silk worm eggs, and reeled the silk rtern-coura- -- , A MANN I KIN CHART HAVING PROdUttEP; etc. 1 am txm prepared to give Instructions la iIxq art of Obstetrics and oodneoted thereother-'branche- being-necessary- , : Tpie :Po'l' is' right lliL- a majojpty.of homes - in the United States are wivesudischarging theiidailY duty1 as: faithfully as Mrs: Garfield does, hers.j ' They do this, too,"5 without thtgusym-path- y br praise f of the people. Patiently they toil on; often in poyerty' and under difficulties which they would never surmount but for the affection they feel for those tor whose sake they stand so'bravely in theitf lot The advice of the- Post is good also, viz.: "Learn to appreciate more truly the' women who are nearer to us than the President's wife." 'Now will not the Parfaid the application of its good counsel by- supporting for women their claim to1 the full and equal rights which are guaranteed to all decent men, viz., the right to "th ballot?' No appreciation can be so valuable as' this, and no other is 6a much needed, v' Woman's Journal. L. S. : ; - Q. re-ciev- . Carefull t fterjn lT Was Wt. 9-- titl ' "j - ' - - Consiltatln Bal'dlnn alw - Bnown Blankets, Flannels, Shawls Unseys, Jeans, - , rW?0"? .., ,.. Aim" i Yams, HOME V . . ltAJ)E Cotton Batik, licits;- b. .iLj.ijrsriE!, - Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet a , ttlbbotis ln the latest otrrjXtealerB pleaae Calk,. Ladia ll10! !trtl?fI all fts brancbesl (afjyorh OwmtnUxd I ' P.' AUERBAci: & .BEO. - HAVE1- BMBtfB r ' TatlBIRillTfllililoS; 124 4.126 TO ' call " '5ST '"!' '' Spring - t.',- Uum-lwaiaxj.- rind, - . Ndmmer . .,"! .i . T,;NNEB. CAS WATER 1 ' ''LJ i elegant en6ugh - . ' ,,yA 3J GooIii,-t. t.'"f" STEAM FITTER. 1 1 j ware and 1 Uras JT- Ca8!?81 s 1 halx juAXR ' 'jLiJ- - airY. ,il . White Tarns, ' Wool Battlnx, ifcelored Yarns, , . SroomftTT Casslmers, , , Washboards, - BruehesyBuv, Tweeds, Etc mm-- ..'5 ' i ST Q Q I : ' ;"' PAJLiCS QF iUStnOfS,' ti& vt 'AST TBitPLE SI i4 . HOUSE for Sale by JOHN . CUTLEK, Arent tor- the pJttOVp WOOLp? MILLS, Old - H. D1NWOODEY, "1- - i 3 i 4 OPPOSlTAlt v' A: DDtA 3EL:ca-2Of Heme Mde Trank . w ; PRICES rim CUuu ,?Vork Goaraiiieed.' -- dPd ; AUU Most Approved Manseiv to Suit V" Tint and . ; ." . M ex- Among some of the most'notable B.Bunyoh." It ed PAID linnSet.Jiuwruii from one tooth to alPnll In the ST8 J3AIN , 1 Wufa9tured from th.e;hofne spun silk ; tted 'shawl made bt'JIi-- S M andreeled by the late" .Mrs. Ann - -- : Vsm I J3j;T?.ii" T QPtCUL UKMM TWTif jyUAT OFFICE t labor from the very foundation the silk worm .contained reeled silk iVQneiBwjcase manufactured by hand; one pound 0? which ;wu mae by , Hiss Nellie yper of this city reeL 1 ; . .d -- ' t TaT" - The homemade: silk was perhaps, more at-to grangers rir'1 ,yuim8" especially ladies who were profuse in thor 0 Sressionsof admiration at the euerev and in-uusLry 01 muse viauies wno oaa been perseverinr enough to accomplLdi "so much by their own wheel 'SdHdUA. I5TJrbli3D. 0. ' v-- fth . . ' !ifc-r.- Ordert X 23 3T r . - chair' " Home - Maae; SlXiK, . ! . C3-DE3- ; , 1 SLIPPERS, best brand? . 1 nieces Unes. Oliildren's tW Fino 'are Toar Shoos, obe found in the Wert. : . on & and Abo, . te - was ( breakfast shawj knitted by Georgina Toone, 12'. years old, took the prize, and there were.,several other articles vary inJus- mgemoualypjade; of the little folka is very commendable. try Handsome wax flowers made by Louie, Sloan, and many other fancy articles by little girls! Some excellent cocoons wpta nn PYiKUr, raised by a small boy, which were of superior amu anotner, 4ot raised by a 4u,nij, girl' 13 old which took, the prize. years The picture gallery or, art department a good share ofvjatteion and elicited considerable admiration. Many of the paintings by home artists were. very, fine, especially scenes from. nature. The Mormon Battalion was seemingly true to life. to those who knew its history. The painting of the Savior and the woman in sorrow was beautiful illustration of .the tenderness of the dmne Master and the depths of .love fbr.'hu-'manit- y which iabounded in his nature.. It was a grand, vpicture aud a glorious subject." "He wipeth the 4ear. from every eye." jfone but a ' true artist could design ifcr Master Samuel Barratt's! ..pictures show tal- one so young --maf7 and hi raay justlyabe proud, of them, Miss Jennmgspamtings were.very fine, one dr two real gems :;. Ujj. e.specimeii3 of crayon drinffs. ex- talmt. ,ihere were choice specimepapf work in this many whicb department were really meritorious. I here are manvverv Wnfifni o,i -- J' tw places: m Utah that iatenai fi.ek; TV e- "ie'WllSt;t0 dellneat -Pon ' ex-portati- . . f T 33C 33 3j ADIEO BOOTS, SHOES full desirable . ? hibition and . . . 'W'Jfrte,hk'i& JlMilr'I'AAn'.J hf . . ,. J . ? Cannon delivered an appropriate address. He spoke upon the5 importance of proper representation such as was lhre represented to encourage therowtH ot'Jwme ability and manufacture, and promote industry which lay at the w foundation of success, in life;..- The people? had bee'n urged from the beginning to exert. them-- : wi ves to make within the Territory all those ' things which their . necessities. required for home consumption, as well as articles ior The speaker felt pleased at the interest now manifest upon various matters per taining- to th development of tha. resources of :th 'country and thought all who;sought to create laoor iortne people should be stimulated by the result which had already been reached to make still greater, efforts in the future. vPres. John Taylor, made a few brief rcmorks referred to the benefits of united or cooperative effort in all tho branches onmuufacture. Fair, contained articles of almost all kinds that can be made or produced . within th6 Territory;. vegetablesi. and fruits of an excellent quality, good butter and cheese, The uispiay oi siurnuure was quite elaborate and showed well for this branch, of industry.. Soap,' leather, brushes and marble work were very fredieabley represented.: Woolen, dress goods anuneavv cioin oi au mnas,: blankets flannels colors and varieties making this dijarn of .all'fine, .... splay very ine laaies aepartment was greatly admired by all, quilts, and rugs in all the varieties of paiicrua, cmuromerea cusnions and in, fact Fafrcy wool work of all kinds,- and .many sorts of needle work, knitting, crochet, eta. ; ; , ' Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST aod BEST SELECTED STOCK cl f Of Farm Cocoonery. ' The Primary Department in the Fair, attracted considerable attention, because all the articles were the worfe of tho' f little People." Perhaps the most .wonderful, was ihe picture of a child by a girl Clara Bradford 9 years bid. A copy, of a photograph made by the child herself and painted very artistically. That"' ehijd is certainly a genius and to have an ought opportunity for art cultivation. A handsome . fail' 'formally opened and Hon. George ! ! ' IMPLEiKNT, Etc. : territori ae fair. .; . m 'On Monday October 3d. at 40 o'clock the : AGRICULTURAL , - VTAH' WHOLESALE' AND RETAIL DEALERS 13 $RY . GOODS, N O T I ONS, GROCERIES, r. HEAVY & 'SHELF HARDWARE, ' GLASS & QUEENS WARE, , . : and did all the work herself . The articles for sale manufactured from the home-spu-n silk can be obtained waJdrs Betsy Loug's Fancy Store on First South Street near the Theatre. Many of the articles on exhibi tion were manufactured from cocoons raised by Mesdamea Ann B. Dunyon, Susan A. String-aand Mary Ann Rockwood, at the Forest ; s with. My class wdl opea No?r. 1st, 18&U,XhfXQ. wtehimr to loin thte class will please oommtmlcate with me at face, it , to send east lor books. ; Terms; Tuition, 00 Lessons, $30; books, three in number, fl&. Address, E.R. SfllPP, M. aBalt Lake City. Omcx and Rxsronrciin Ctritbubulidinmdoor north of Z. &M.L PBt Clothlnr BtoTl iut?!l iPWaraMjOF and TOriw ILL CUSSES WANTED. 