W OM A and felt struck with the sight, which, presented itself to my view. I would have retired, thinkthe ing I was intruding, but I felt rivetted to spot: The father who was appointed to super- intend the mission to England,was pouring out his soul to that, "God who rales on high, all the earth surveys; Tliat rides upon the stormy sky And calms tho roaring seas." "Who , r "that he would grant hirn a prosperous voyage across the mighty ocean, and make him useful wherever his lot should be cast, and that He who "careth for sparrows" and "feedeth the young ravens when they cry," Would supply the wants of his wife and little ones jn his absence. He then, like the Patriarchs, and of his office, laid his hands upon them by-virt- ue individually, leaving a fathers blessing upon and commending them to the care and protection'of God, while he should be engaged preaching the Gospel in a foreign land. While thus enaijed, his voice was almost lost in the sobs of those around who tried in vain to suppress them. The idea of being separated from their protector and father for so long a time was indeed painful. He proceeded, but his heart was too much affected to do so regularly; his emotions were great, and he was obliged to stop at intervals, while the big tears rolled down his cheeks, an index to the feelings which reigned in hi bosom. My heart was not stout enough to refrain, in spite of myself I wept, and mingled my tears with theirs; at the same time I felt thankful that I had the privilege of contemplating such a scene. I realized that nothing could induce that man to tear himself from so affectionate a family group, from his partner and chihlrcnr who arc so dear to him nothing but a sense of duty and love to God, and attachment to his cause, I prayed that the Lord would bless the labors of his servant, give him a prosperous voyage, make him a blessing in my native land, by bringing many into the kingdom of' Christ; that He would be merciful to 'his family, and when it was wisdom in God that he should return, that he might bo brought home in safety, and rejoice with his beloved family in recounting the mercies of the Lord. This the Lord has done in a remarkable manner, and few, if any, have been as successful as Brother Kimball. Yet we do not find him boasting in his own strength; no, he knows it is the Lord's doings, and that ho was only an instrument in his hands, notwithstanding the great success which has attended the labors of this servant of the Lord, the same humility characterizes him, for which he has been' so frequently admiretl. The Elders of Israel would do well to copy his example, and I hope they will receive some instructions from a perusal of this work particularly those who may visit Great Britain. One great cause of his usefulness was, that he attended closely to the commandments of heavcn,and preached the Gospel in its simplicity and plainness, without meddling with abstruse and dark passages, which are only a source of speculation and tend to strife rather then salvation. It undoubtedly would be pleasing to the Elders who returned from distant lands to find their families enjoying the blessing of peace; but this was denied four brother; for after a hard andT laborious mission, enduring great fatigue in traveling,nd his body reduced by sickness, he in common with the Saints had to be driven from hi3 home and be subject to all the hardships and trials consequent on a removal in the depth of winter from the state of Missouri. Yet none of these things moved him, for no sooncrwas his family in a place of safety and amongst tho Saints, than he prepared for another mission, and with the Twelve Apostle, excepting Lyman, Wight, John C. Page and William Smith, takes his journey to the scenes of his former labors. , N'S EXP O N EN T. The success which Jias attended the ministry of the Elders in England and Scotland, is certainly encouraging and hardly has its parallel in the history of the Church of Jesus" Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Although it has been principally received by the poor, who have flocked to hear the tidings of salvation, yet there are some men of wealth and influence, who have embraced the Gospel with all their hearts, and who rejoice in its precious truths. The information received from the Twelve and Elders who are, now in that land, is of the most cheering character. A circumstantial account of which will be found in the Journal From what has been already accomplished, the Saints can look forward with assurance that the purposes of the Almighty will be accomplished, and that the streams of knowledge shall flow throughout the world,at which every honest heart shall drink and satiate until the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth, as the waters cover the deep. When at ilr.--t the work began, Small and feeble was its daj Now the word doth sweetly ran, Now it wins lts widening way: More anymore it spreads and grows Ever mighty to prevail, SinB strong hold it now overthrows, Shakes the trembling gates of hell. Kobeht B. Thompson. JESSE BURNS, OR, Was it Tate?" A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvoo, and the early Settlement of Utah. CONTINUED. i more choice of it than she of her one sack of on the flour; but alas, for the perishable things of the world, flour as well as gold fails us sometimes. She thought for several days that something about the house smelled peculiar; and determined to find out the meaning; on investigation she found a mouc in her sack of flour. The smell had thoroughly impregnated the flour and rendered it unfit for use. She felt the loss severely, and those who have plenty and waste their hundreds of pounds yearly would scarcely sympathize with her, or understand her feelings. It wasrthestaff ofHife and even money could not replace it. 'Minnie-ownea small pony which her uncle had brought her nnd she had' succeeded by the help of her friends in holding rlaim on it when he wcntT awav. It Was a great favorite, and she had spent many happy hours on his back galloping over the hills and enjoying the pure air of her mountain and home. She was a good Id eon saddle and care for him as well as any one, and he was so small, just right for a lady's pet; but she must part with him, for she could no longer afford hin food, and if turned on the rafffce he would do her no good and wqufyJ very likely be lost. Thev were in need, and the paetty pony must be sold. She shed many tears at parting with him, but necessity is a stern master and brooks no delay. All was gone now but the gold watch and jewels her father had sent her, and she would suffer much before parting with them. Minnie was pretty and attractive and, young as she was, she had plenty of opportunities of marryuig; bvit she felt too childish to entertain such ideas, she scarcely knew what love was except the love of kindred, neither did marriage offer any inducement calculated to induce her to accept the conditions. The young men were poor, and if one could and get a team, he was build him thought to have a good start, and indeed it was all oue could expect in a new country like this. The young jx'oplc married and went to work together to make a. living, as early settlers must do everywhere. Land was plenty and they could raise their provisions, and other things came but slow ly: but somehow children do not wait for that, but come just as fast as if their coming made no trouble or expense, and large families arc common in such cases living in a small house, with very few superfluities in the way of clothing, but although simply clad healthy, happy and often hungry without a care or thought for the future. Marriage under such circumstances was not alluring even for one with so poor a home,and as Minnie was not in love she saw no beauty in it. SeveraL. kind fritnds offered to take Mary under their protecting care and make a suitable home for her children; but her feelings revolted at the thought-omarrying again under any and she was not at all in the circumstances, humor to accept attentions from the other sex; her heart was too sore over her recent disappointment. hopes-founde- d d horse-woma- n, a-ca- bin Minnie was then fifteen, proud and sensitive, and she felt the change deeply, though she could not comprehend the full meaning of the situation as Mary did. She felt keenly the seperatiou from her father. He had repudiated them, cast them off, turned them out on the cold charity of the world, and she would never see him any more. Day after day those two poor, lonely hearts sorrowed and wept with each other. Minnie tried to be brave and comfort her mother; but in their darkness and weariness there was no comfort but God, no hope but heaven. There was little time for indulging their grief, some provision must be made for the winter. A house must be provided to live in, which was a difficult thing to get, as people had not yet built more than their necessities required. They must labor in some way for a subsistence. Through the summer she had a few boarders but they had left and she could not expect any assistance in that way a boarders were transient and could not be depended upon. Those who had no homes of their own, generally hired out for wages and board, the country being new offered few resources, farming and building were the chiet industries. The tt'omen spun and wove and attended to all the work and the comfort of their families. Minnie tried to get a situation as teacher but wherever she applied she was too late, or thought to be too delicate to manage a school, as many of the boys, from having no training in school,having had to herd cattle and sheep, had become rough and unruly. Failing in that, there seemed no recourse except a little sewing from the neighbors, which procured them a few of the bare necessaries of subsistence. They had a sack of flour which they had not yet opened. It was carcfuly re3crved for fu7 ture use,and lary would not open it as long as they could get any in" other ways. . She had learned in years past the value of bread, and the rich man with hb hoarded wealth was not To be continued. R. S., V. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY ' -REPORTS. -- Harrisville. On Tuesday May 3rd, 1881, the presidencv of Relief Society, also of Y. L. M. I. A., and Primaries of this Stake met with the people of Harrisville Ward in the East School House to perfect the above named organizations and to organize a Primary. The Ward being very large wisdom dictated that for convenience two Societies should be organized. After perfecting the Y. L. and Relief Society organizations, Sister Stanford, Counselor to Sister Josephine West proceeded to organize a Primary in the - 