1 i WO M AN ' S EX PON EN T. - t wo H.rtlv avmrathize with the bereaved little parents In their sorrow for their dear look one, forbut we know they , believe firmly and ward hopefully to the morning of the resurrec- tion, when' bey wjlj receive little Edith again, pure and spotless as they laid her away. f ' ptttj0f j :ity, Thursday, Nov. 17, 1881; of diphtheria, after a severe illness of two weeks,' Thomas Edwin Wallin, aged nearly three years He was the son of C. E. and Eliza W; Vallin. The mother departed this life in August last, but little Tohimle was afTectionateJy nursed and cared for by those who loved him tenderly and who mourn for him sincerely. The , child's Bufferings were most yet he was brave as a man could be to the very last. The Jittle one was horn in this city Dec. 24, 1878, and was consequently three years old except a few days. The funeral was held on Friday, the 18th ult., at one o'clock, and the dear little one was laid by the side of his mother and baby sister. He was a very affectionate child, and old beyond his years just such an one as might be expected would be taken away early. pied in Bait Lake heart-rending- "Does a mother's fond embrace Fold thee la that far-of- f land? Does a. sister's smiling face Greet thee in the angel band ? " - Aunt Em. IN MEMORIAM. THE DEATH ON OF .SISTEK S. M. IIEYWOOD, Fold her hands peacefully, she's gone to her rest, Liks a tired, dreary child, on its fond mother's breast. Her sorrows are over, her trials arc ended ; No more 'will the sunshine and shadow be blended. Only rest, sweet rest, ' With the blest, ever rest.. No more will her heart ache, she'll never shed tears, For the love of her Father will calm all her fears ; Her record's been noble,' a crown she has won Her life has gone out like a bright setting sun. Then rest, only rest, With the blfiBt, ever rest. Ours the anguish, the sorrow, the slgb, The fast Tailing tears, when no one is by ; Hers the great gain, the peace and the joy A sweet rest far heaven, where naught can annoy. 'Now rest, sister, rest, With the blest, ever rest. .i' Fare thee well, sister, we must bid thee goodby, Till we meet thee again, where no one will die ; Oh, watch for our coming, come down to the gate we will patiently wait. And for that sweet For rest, refet, With the blest, with the blest. Truly a mother and a friend has fallen Into the arms of calm and needful sleep! A Saint has passed lcyond these scenes enthralling! And yet we cannot, cannot choose but weep. , We cannot sense the stern reality-The inevitable end, That she has passed to immortality That we have lost a friend. - Kiss our dear lpved ones you knew them so well And give them the message that we cannot tell ; We remember each one each link in the chain ; Oh, when shall we meet them, those loved ones, again " And ? rest, only rest, With the blest; ever rest. Calmly and sweetly you've gone to yourjeet, In honor and gladness joined hands with the blest ; Been trne to the end, will receive the reward Of life everlasting with Jesus the Lord. And rest with the blest, : - ' ' ' , ; i Friday, Nov. 25, 1881, was the 67th anniversary of Sister Rhoda A. Miller's birthday, wife of Bishop Reuben Miller; and the officers and members of the Relief Society of Mill Creek, wishing-- to express their respect for her as their president, and appreciation of her labors in the interest of the poor, and other good works, arranged to give her a surprise party, and at 11 o'clock about one hundred of her friends met at the ward meeting house, and from there proceeded, to the residence of Sister Miller. The party was under the direction of her counselors and the presiding teachers. An address written for the occasion was read by the secretary, after which Sister Miller was presented 'with a pleture of the Presidency of the Church and Twelve Apostles, with her name and age and the names of those who It in letters of gold. The. Bishop and Counselors being present by invitation were called upon to make a few remarks. The Bishop said he hoped they were deserving of the respect shown them, it did him good to see the sisters. Spoke of his health, that his disease was oner that might take him off at any time, and he was thankful that he had been faithful In this Gospel. He was very much affected and overjoyed by the presence of 'so many of the members of the ward, and felt to prize the picture very highly; he would not take a thousand dollars for it if he could not get an, . other. Counselor Alexander Hill made some very good remarks In honor of Sister Miller; said he had been acquainted with her a great many years, and had always found her a good, moth erly woman, ready to assist the poor and needy. Washington Lemon also made some very good and instructive remarks. President R. A. Miller said, the picture. was very nice, but her sisters were more dear to her than anything else, and it made her feel good to see their happy faces, and she felt grateful to them for their good will, and felt to blesa them all with peace and plenty. We were then favored with some very melodious music from the Mill Creek band. Tables were set with all kinds of delicious food furnished by the ladles of the party. The people were seated, and Bishop Miller, pronounced the blessing. Alter dinner was over, all the food that was, left (which was an immense quantity) was packed up and sent to the ,': poor of the ward. The whole aflair was kept a profound: secret from lister MUler until the guests had assembled. The party was a complete succ ess, and a good spirit prevailed throughout. in conclusion we say, God blesa Sister Miller, and may her remaining days on earth be spent in the same noble and useful manner as hef past life has been. Nellie Spencer, Sec'y. Maiunda Hyde. re-uni- Forever rest. My first acquaintance with this estimable lady was in 1842, in the'eify of "Qmney, Illinois, not far from the time m hen she joined the Church of Latter-da- y Saints. On our first acquaintance a kindred feeling drew us together, and . i ,; BIRTHDAY PARTY. loss. tance. To our mutual gratification, a kind Providence so ordered that when we located in Salt Lake City our homes were on the same block, where we have lived near neighbors and dear friends twenty-eigh- t years. When, in February, 1866, we were organized into a Relief Society, (with the approval of our Bishop) I chose her as my first Counselor in the R, S. Board, and since that time we have worked side by side in performing the many labors and discharging the high responsibilities which de volved upon us, without a discordant feeline. At all times and in all emergencies, she has been a true friend and a wise counselor. As a Society, in her we have lost a firm support; and the poor, a good Samaritan in sickness. She was an ever ready help in sorrow; her words were like soothing balm, and her presence always cheering. But words are too weak to describe her noble worth language top faint to express the feelings of my heart. And oh, may God comfort the hearts of the bereaved children of that kind and affectionate mother. In one of our Society meetings, a little previous to her last sickness, Sister Hey wood made the request of her sisters that, should she pas away before us, we would sing "Weep, weep not for me, Zion," at her funeral. The request was complied with by the (hoir singing that beautiful hymn in a very touching and impressive manner, that came home to every heart; and who Could help weeping? la nil that largo nd crowded assembly apparently not one. Of Sister Hey wood it may well be said, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord." She had "fought the good fight, she had kept the faith," and had secured the blessed privilege of "coming forth in the morning of the first resurrection, crowned with glory, immortality and eternal lives." -- : and two sons and a daughter live to mourn her that congeniality which ever exists between kindred spirits has strengthened our love and union through a long and very intimate acquain- LITTLE TOMMTE. : . Ltdia D. Alder. The loved and much lamented, Mrs. S-Hey wood has gone from our midst. Bister Barep la M. Hey wood wa s born Nov. 22, 1823, and 'died Dec. 4,1SS1, in Salt Eafce City, Utah. She was married to Joseph L. Hey wood May 29, 1841, ra Retoit, Wisconsin; had six children, three sons and' three daugh ters. She had followed one son and two daughters to the grave, ; M. 109 Many will miss her gentle ministration, Her counsel, true and kind ; The love that sensed another's sitnatiou, And sought some balm to find. The ready hand, the gleam of satisfaction That she 6ome good could do , The nameless, yet the sweet and puro attraction, That hearts 'towards her drew. Rarely 'tis given unto creatures human To farxcecd bcr worth ; A faithful, patient, dear, devoted woman, Too good to stay on earth. Dark were the waters that L$r soul went under, The storms through which sbo pakbcd ; . So frail her body, ojib can barjlly- wonder . - She ha. succumlX!d at last. ,K Nay ; rather And shall we think of her as" dead That she has gone to res t ; Ijitcred the mansions where our royal Father ... Receives Ills loved and beet; KW,T FlMX WOODMAN. pre-eent- ed ' R. S., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. meeting In The ladies' regular the 14th Ward Assembly Hall, held Saturday, Nov. 5, was well attended. - Minutes of the Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. were read by the young eecretaries, from the following wards: 21st, 20th, 8th and 10th P. A.; 3d, 11th and 19th Y. lltb, L. M. I. A. President Home made some encouraging remarks to the young secretaries; faid she felt proud of them aud the um mber a of the Associations they lepre enf-dHisier B.R.B. Smith occupied most of the time. She fpofce of Ihc many duties of the sis-to of living near ter", and the pirnitoneeerMty them in a proper irform the. Lord in 'rder instruction. ,and munner. Gave much, people. Referred to her jmirnnfiigs among the to build a of Intention ot theaters the Spoke semi-monthl- y . i.,- - 