a vAr:7SJi fa 36 ' " 'mi l ' .... Editor. EHMELIXE n. WELM, semi-BJOntU- t, time, $3-5per . month, $3. 00 'A liberal discount to & ";;; :;y:-.regular advertisers: ' Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council nonse. South Temple Street. Easiness hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p m, every day except Sunday. : Address ail business communications to. blUter'TvoxAM's Expos but, v; J. j-Salt Lake City Utah- 0; : , ; '. SALT LAKE CITV, - AUGUST I, 1581. The death Of this great and good man occurred on Saturday moralnguly le, about four o'clock, at his home in the 18th Ward. Uncle Joseph, M he was aflectfonately styled by the people, had been suffering for the past two months with weakness and general debility. It was only natural it should be so at h i s advanced age. Several times during the last year he has been unable to leave home for several days together, and eometlines not for, weeks; sfill he was bright and oheerful, glad to see his friends, and all the time rejoicing in the truthsfi!f the Gospel he eo dearly loved. The last time he out was at the funeral f his niece, Mrs. Fanny Little, wife of the Mayor, and there he preached an eloquent, earnest and consoling discourse Brother Young delighted in comforting and soothing sorrow and distress, and was particularly gifted in this respect. His heart was' always full of blessing?, And his language never seemed to fail in giving "full and free expression to the sentiments of his isouJ.' Efe always seemed to have a calm and peaceful spirit, and was most happily gifted in imparting that feeling to others. It is said that this good man passed ajay without a struggle or a gasp, and this seems in keep ing with his peaceful disposition. An angel of . .peace seemed to hover oer and attend him and when his time had fully come' and the heavenly escort was in view, hfa assurance was no doubt so perfect that in the language of the poet theae words might be significant of his departure to that 'other shore." s El-dredg- " Zina D. Young,: EUzabeth Anri Whitney, : vvuuct,u,D': .k ; Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary. ;rv. ; M. Isabella Home, Treasurers ' - : 1 Y. L. M. I. A! BCiARD. pENTIUL S'f Elmina S. Taylor, President. ; , ,or"-- ' Louie Wells, Secretary. Fannie Y. Thatcher, treasurer. . ; PRIMARY ASSOCTATION OEISPTRAL BOARD. Louie Felt, President.'.' Matilda M. Barrett; "1 Counselors.. J Clara C. Cannon, Lillie Freeze, Secretary.' M innle eli,' Treasu rer. ' HOISIE AFFAIRS. The latest news from the Executive Mansion is favorable to the recovery of the wounded President. There hai een great anxiety on ac count of the relapse fn his condition. Ateotrr the middle of September there will be a Children's Fair held in this city. It is ex peeled that all the Primary Associations in the County will assist In making it a success. Sister Elizabeth Ann Whitney, better known Saints as Mother Whit-- ; among the Latter-da- y ney, who has been very , ill , at the residence of her daughter,. Mrs. Groo, in , the 9th Ward, is much better. , Sisters M. Isabella Home and Elmina P. Taylor attended thetjuarterly Conference of Relief Societies, Y. Xi. ftj. I. A. and Primary Associations of Morgan Stake, held at Morgan City, Saturday and Sutrfcayj July 30 and 31 This is Election Day, when it is expected all native-boor naturalized citizens interested in the best welfare of the people of; Utah, will go to the polls And cast a rote for the People's Ticket. Womeu should show their appreciation of the franchise by turning out en niwrn to the e, : 1 m , ."Sustained and soothed as unfaltering trust, approach thy pare. Like one that wraps tho drapery of his couch About him, and ilea down to pleasant dreams." Only Uncle Joseph is not, dreaming, he has Ufjassed the ordeal thai gives him abundant en-- t tonce into the, mansions of glory, where a host of "friends bade him welcome, and, no doubt ehouted hosatma on his arrival. ' Joseph Young, Sen., the subject of this memoir, was born April 71797, in Hopkinton, x and was County, Mart; the second son of -- Mld-dlese- John Young and gabble Howe. He received the Gospel while residing in Canada, and was at that time an earnest and parted,; ' h s : :, - In regard to publishing Relief Society reports and minufea, we wish to, say, there ia not space for anything more, than: Stake Conference : re-por- ta, unless It is a new organization or reorganization, or cnange of .. some officers. It must be clear to every one that with all the several" organizations and their multitude of - branches, it is impsie to give them all sjace for represenUtbn. If there is a large gathering, or special meeUng, that is an exception. The sariae will apply to the Y. L. 1. 1, a. and Primary Associations, exceptfwhen Primaries have ol- Quarterly-meetingCbriferences, In tbeir re-"wards; we might give space to such , '.minutes, or synopsis of meetings. ."A MissipNASYjin-Alabam; writing, to Sister oHabnah ornaby after perusing her f Autobiography and Poems," sayi concernfng it, "It gave .me much pleasure arii.browght iian scenes to my mind; somethn lemnlought, then a arnile, again the teare-woui- d flU . my eyes, Ac. "Altogether I feefta javlwas v,rv mnrii : ' Brother Young leaves a large family, who will miss his fatherly counsel and aflecfaon, but they ' have a noble example to follow, and may well be proud of such an Illustrious mau.: ' It is impossible to dp Justice to. the life and labors of such a man as was ,Preihlent Joseph ' Young in wcrde; .language fails, but we deeply ' reverence his jnemoryi it will be ever" fresh in' thc hearts oft the Sainlts.r Let usho remain emulate nis virtues and strive. to attain that heavenly reaignation ana naminty that characterized the life of Uncle Joseph Young. T : poiis. ; ; Pe . and was one of the first Seventies ordained. February S8, 1 835, he was called by the Prophet ' Joseph BmithJg be. the First President aU the SeratieJ, which position he held from that time oatil his demise. He was one of the famous , 1 The funeral of Pres. Joseph Young was held in the large Tabernacle in this city on Tuesday, July 19, at eleven o'clock a. m., and was attended Saints. The by thousands of the Latter-da- y services were conducted by Elder Horace S. who had been intimately associated with him in his office. There was music by the brass band, followed by the choir (Uncle Joseph watfpasslonataly fond of music). Prayer by Apostle F. D. Richards. ' The speakers were Pres. Wilford Singing. Pres. Woodruff, George Q. Cannon and Pres. J ohri Taylor, all expressing the highest regard for the deceased, enumerating his many excel: lent qualities of heart and mind, and extolling his integrity to the Gospel. There was solemn music by the Careless Orchestra, the choir sang, and the benediction was pronounced by Pres. Joseph F. Smith, which concluded the ceremo- nies at the Tabernacle. The casket containing the remains was profusely ornamented with exquisite flowers, artis- tically arranged In crosses, crowns, anchors and bouquets, and a sheaf of wheat fully ripe, emblematical of the full life, was bound with a White ribbon, on which was printed in gold let ters the appropriate words, " Well done, good and faithful servant." Above it was a sickle decorated with pure, white flowers. It was a beautiful tribute to the memory of the de- By ChurclOnKjrtlami - ElimlR. Snow Smith, President. God and keep His commandments. i devoted Methodist preacher. Ips brother, the late President Brigham Youngrought him the glad tidings of the Everlasting Gospel and of the Latter-da- y work, and he received it readily and was very soon after baptized.' He gathered with-Vt; REUEJ? SOCIETV CENTRAL BOARD. . al-wa- , : proclaiming its principles. He has lived a life of virtue, purity and uprightness, and his loss will be sincerely mourned by thousands. He had attained the advanced years, three months and nine age of eighty-fou- r days, and in the language of Scripture, "has gone as a shock of corn fully ripe' to receive the crown prepared for the faithful who serve s . that no mistakes need ccur. tance, ; DEATH OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH YOUNG. M-a- TT Having been' dften inquired of in regard to the names of ladies holding offices in the PresidSaint women's organiing Board of Latter-da- y zations, it has been thought proper to publish them, for the benefit of those living at a dis- , " , -- - In 'Salt Lake City,, Utah Published "Ifems: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months ' j$1.00 Ten copies for tba price ; pf .'nit. " Advertising rates: Each square, tcnT line pf nonpareil space, one LADY JflFFlCEBa ,.L v ZionVCamppvhich ent tip to Missouri in 1834, and endured at that time much privation, and massacre at hardship. He was at Jthe horrible Haun'a Mill, and barely made his escape alivJ to , on the following day he returned and helped one of the moat bury the dead, although he was tenderhearted men who ever lived, yet he as-- 1 sistedat that dreadful burial, the details of which are too horrifying to mention. Brother Young was one of the first settlers in Nauvoo, where he had a comfortable' home and surroundings, after the persecutions of Missouri, but was forced to leavei it arid become again an exile, in 1846, when the Saints were compelled to leave their beautiful city in the middle of winter. He remained at Winter Quarters until 1850, when he crossed the plains with his family in oxteams, and settled in Salt Lake City, where he has ever since resideki.' He has traveled and preached extensively in the Territory, and in 1870 visited the British Isles, and preached In the old world He was greatly beloved by the people everywhere, and was one of those lovable dispositions that always attract those with whom they are associated. He was a benevolent and merciful man, full of. kindness and good works. He, was full of integrity to the cause he had espoused, and never wearied of; -- a, i -- y entertained; Itrwasvaikea water in A thirsty, land; i t ; made na';ingfiaire thin ef i"home 