W--O A S0fi(G OF SUMMER. The Bummer has come, with Its sunshiny hoars, The fields in their verdure are smiling and gay; The air is perfumed with the breath of the flow'ra, As the soft, wooing breezes in gentleness play. The violets blossom in low, meadows green, And daisies are nodding to us as we pass, The buttercups, glowing like gold in its sheen, Are shining like stars among tangled grass. Away to the hills for a moment we'll stray, Where wlldflowers offer their tribute so sweet; The hedges are blooming along the rough way, And red clover blushing under our feet. Ah! here let ns pause, and drink in our nil From Nature's clear fountains, so calm and so deep; Till twilight is hanging o'er valley and hill, The world, as it were, enchanting to sleep. List to the nightingale's song in the wood, Waking sweet mem'ries of "love's golden dream;" The dear ones departed, the tender and good, The joys and the sorrows of life are his theme. the nightingale's notes, so clear and so high, Wake to life all emotion that's ling'ring still; E'en the fountains of love, we may have thought dry To the passion of misic, instinctively thrill. The freshness of June is within us once more, We're clasping again the fond and the true; The present is ours a bright future before The friendships of life, then let ns renew. Sing on, thou brave songster of fair, rosy June, Thy voice has a charm sweet peace to impart; To the passionate chords of the soul 'tis attune, And it strengthens and cheers the weary of heart. Yes, The silvery moon has kissed the warm hills, With beauty she's clothing the midsummer night, But sees her sweet face in the sparkling rills, And lingers, embracing the earth with delight. The charm of the summer, so silent and grand, Pervading all nature with consummate skill, Shows plainly the touch of a great Master-hand- , Who fashioned the universe unto Ills will. And while we adore this infinite power, That wakened to life and to motion the earth, And called into being each bird, tree and flower; And gave to creation this exquisite birth Oh, when, blessed Father, shall we know the truth, The mystery deep that envelops the whole f Whence cometh this yearning for immortal youth, This love for the beautiful, thrilling the soul ? 'Tis a heritage, surely, "Our Father" has given, Which links us unseen to a .happier sphere; A faint recollection of what was in heaven, That clings to us ever while lingering here. Euivx. D'ISRAELI. BY HANNAH T. KINO. "Can that man be dead Whose spiritual influence is upon his kind ? He ever lives in glory, and his speaking dust Has more of life than half his breathing moulds." L. E. L. I feel it would be casting insidious reflections upon my readers, were I to attempt an apology for a few more words upon the great man just departed; bear with me, then', while I give my upon this engrossing subject. The greatest . among the greatest nations of the earth are speaking with one voice in rich appreciation of his transcendant abilities and his pure patriotism; and every pulpit; from Canon Farar in Westminster Abbey iand throughout London and the Provinces, and foreign countries also, have each and all sent forth the voice of sympathy and eulogy, regret and commendation of him, who was a Palladium in the Cabinet: of England; and sister nations felt the power and reflection of his genius ! He was ever a devoted servant to his sovereign and his country, "Sana pent jA tans reproche" He worked through long years of mental travail, until he had attained the goal his prophetic eye had seen afar off, even in his arly youth until he-- etood at the'right hair pen-ultima- te ; M MJ S -- -E XP O N E N T : 11 of the sovereign, her acknowledged and apnre- dated friend and counselor the resto'rer of the nation to the proud rank from which she had fallen by the false policy of those who had pre ceded mm. liisrnarck, the great, the fastidious, the exacting Bismarck, took him into his heart ana gave him in that a loving and eternal niche. Children loved him, women were his devoted and efficient friends, and a mierhtv galaxy of great, grand men were his brothers on the stage ot action; he had the art of making "even his enemies to be at peace" with him. In his illness and his death only one feeling was apparent, which was made up of love, ad- miration sympathy and regret ! When the curtain fell on the grand actor, the silence of gnet anne spoke the absorbing feeling of all; every tongue was silent, or spoke only the words of eulogy and love ! Does not this tell of nobility of soul ? May not we, as a people, with our boasted superiority of religion over the world, take a lesson of how to treat our great and noble dead, whose lives were spent in our service ? The Queen and royal family of England must have risen in the estimation of all thinking people, in seeing them become "kith and kin" in a loving brotherhood and sisterhood with a mourning nation, showing it forth by every demonstration of love and respect during the sickness of the treasured one, and then reverently following the remains to their humble resting place, and layings with their own hands the wreaths of choicest flowers, inscribed with each one's own handwriting; even the Queen employed no secretary, but with her own hand wrote on the card attached to the wreath she presented wTords that her own heart dictated. Such deeds are worthy of all imitation. The country and the Queen were desirous he should rest in Westminster Abbey, but when the Will was opened it was found expressly ordered that he should be interred at his beloved Hughenden, by the side of his wife, to whom he had ever been most devotedly attached; and here it would be apropos to allude to one ever prominent feature in his character, it is conspicuous in all his writings; I refer to his chaste, almost reverent appreciation of woman! He attributes to her that unseen, unsleeping influence that makes her a power, often even behind the throne; and Le ever portrays this power for good, never for evil! and even her foibles and frivolities he turns to account, incorporating them in the Mosaic, and making them elaborate and beautify it. In no instance do you ever meet sarcasm or inuendo; he was also a stauuch advocate for woman suffrage. It was through his powerful voice the country was redeemed from its imbecile vandalism in omitting to raise a public monument to the author of "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage" in 1875Xord Beaconsfield stood forth as the determined advocate of a public monument for Lord Byron it was commenced forthwith, and the Queen at once offered a site for it in Hamilton Gardens, which is an enclosure railed in within Hyde Park, London, thus endorsing the movement and conjointly with him removing the just reproach of foreigners in regard to the apparent neglect, of Byron's memory by his. own countrymen. And this reminds us of a long and most eloquent speech of Mr. Gladstone in the House of Lords, seconding the motion of Earl Granville that an address be presented to Her Majesty, entreating her to give direction for a monument to be erected in Westminster Abbey to the Earl of Beaconsfield. This address is so admirable it should be printed in pamphlet form. Sir Stafford Northcote, who responded to it, remarked regarding it: "We feel that a monument of a higher character than anv that cnuld h rarvwl jn marble h&a been already erected to Lord and.in-fluence,th- at Beaconsfield in the speech wo have heard this evening ! That speech has been nobly expressed and still more it has been nobly conceived ! " . . . Here follow a few of the floral testimonials placed on the coffin of the one so mourned: "The Queen hads testified her regret and esteem in many ways, and among others by sending a wreath of wild flowers, primroses plucked in the Isle r of Wight, and such as he delighted to see blooming on the grassy banks of Hughenden Park. On a card affixed to this wreath was written, in her Majesty's owii handwriting, 'His favorite; flowers; from Osborne, a tribute of affection and regret from Queen Victoria The wreath was placed on the coffin by Prince Leopold on behalf of her Majesty. The flowers had been gathered that morning in the beautiful lawns of Osborne, and the wreath was sent by special messenger. It seemed wasteful to condemn these fair and perishable flowers to fade unseen in the dark vault, and after the burial they were brought out again and hung upon the railings of the tomb, whare all the evening throngs of country people collected and had the mournful satisfaction of contemplating the Queen's last gift to her devoted servant. Her Majesty gave also Another wreath, bnt this one of everlasting flowers and bay leaves. On the ends of the white satin bow with which this wreath was tied were a few words embroidered in gold on one, 'From Queen Victoria;' on the other, 'A mark of The true affection, friendship and regret Prince of Wales was personally present at the funeral, and placed with his own hands upon the coffin two wreaths of white roses and saying as he did so, 'This is from myself, and this from the Princess of Wales The Prince of Wales' wreath bore the inscription, 'From his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales a tribute of friendship and affection and the writing was that of his Royal Highness. The Duke of Connaught, who strode beside his Royal brothers in the procession, laid also, just before it started, a wreath upon the coffin from the Duches3 of Connaught, on which a few violets showed their scented petals, emblematical of the soul, among white camelias and It bore the inscription, 'A token of and regret respect from her Royal Highness the Duchess of Connaught.' Prince ' Leopold offered on his own part a wreath bearing the words, 'A mark of friendship and respect from Also upon the coffin there was laid Leopold an immortelle of pure white flowers, inscribed, 'A mark of respect from Beatrice j Other wreaths from the royal family were one which bore a card on which the words were written, 'A mark of esteem from her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge;' a wreath , from Prince and Princess Christian, inscribed. 'A token of deepest respect, gratitude arid affection from Prince and Princess Christian; from the Dukeand Duchess of Teck, marked, 'A last tribute of affection, regret and admiration from Mary Adelaide The Baron von Pawel Rammingen attended the funeral and brought a wreath from the Princess Frederica." as, ca-meli- eu-char- The Khedive of Egypt : is. is interested in the education of women, ami is about to build in Cairp, at his own expense, a school for the instruction of girls of the higher classes. "Conkling and Piatt have behaved like two boys who refused to go. to a picnic, becanse their superiors thought it best for one ta hold the lines and the other the whip. . They wanted to go 'dreadfully but t wanted worse to ;be .stubborn." The editor, of "The Colorado Ante lope" says, "ThU fight is nothing to us, but, we cannot help thinking that if women ever behave as ridiculously, there, is one consolation-m- en have set ua a variety of . examples, to say t: 