WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 30 1 Booth; Treasurer Eliza Hampton. We had a very pleasant and instructive visit from Sisters Eliza R, Snow Smith, Zina D. Young, Prayer by Mrs. Elizabeth Howard. Singing "Let Zion in her beauty rise &c." Mrs. Home made some opening remarks, and expressed her intense interest in the work of the Latter-dayl3t Ward reported by Mrs. Margaret Steele, Harriet Snow, and others from Brigham City the 16th of June. They organized a Primary in the forenoon with officers as s. Association follows, President Mary Hunsaker; Counselor, Mary Grant, and Julia Hunsaker; Secretary Mary Ann Graham, Assistant Sec'y. Emily Orme; Treasurer Freddie Graham. In the afternoon they met with the Relief Society; and imparted excellent instructions to all The Exponent is a welcome visitor and i3 doing much good toward allaying prejudice against woman's cause. ' Ever praying for its success, and the welfare of Zion. Your Sister in the Gospel of Christ. 2nd Ward, Sarah Mac Gregor, 3d Mrs. Elizabeth Weiler, 4th, Mrs. Jane Smith, 6th Mrs. R. Fulmer, 7th, Mrs. Alice Needham, 8th, Mrs. Barney, 9th Mrs. Sarah Groo, 10th, Mra. Jane Earle, 12th, Mrs. Julia Druce, 13th, Mrs. B. W. Smith, 14th, Mrs. M. A. Wilcox, 15th, Mrs. R. Jones, 16th, Mrs. Diana Reid, 18th, Mrs. Ellen Barton, 19th, Mrs. Whipple, 20th, Mrs. Miller. After hearing from these branches of the organization the meeting closed by sing- ing Doxology, Benediction by Mrs. B. W. Smith, adjournment until 2 P. M. Afternoon Session; meeting opened by singing "How firm a foundation ye saints of the Lord" Prayer by Mrs. E. S. Taylor, singing "0 my Father thou that dwellest" &c. Mrs. : Laura N. . Hunsaker. Richmond. Our organization has at last been At our last monthly meeting Sistercompleted. Frances - Teasdale was voted in as second Counselor to President Mvra Mprrill uiokii. 11USIHU as President of the Teachers. We have Hyers iUt.hf rrwlr fminrlofmn i. i m.wvu iui- uur nuuse ana nope to have it built and finislirxl pr nmm ctw wnere we can hold meetings more comfortaliliii,v tnan we are now doino- nbi, J- - - selves very nicely in our Meeting Hall. On wo held our annual meeting when we had the pleasure of' having our e," 'ien.d !lster Libby Ben8on,President of Relief Societies of Cache Valley Stake present with her first Counselor Sister Louie Beacon; had the comfort and blessing of our sisters which made us rejoice. Iam to sav theft is very little sickness herepleased tho' we have had very serious times, having had six deaths occur within a short time of each other lately ' Yours in the truth, the 4th of June I BetbyBrower , Sec'y. Fairview. Relief Society of Fairview held their 13th annual meeting on June the 14th, commencing at 10 o,clock A. M. The forenoon was occupied with the usual exercises, of reports cheerinf in officers. remarks from B?shop Tucker, Counselor Ta son and others. The programme gotten up by the committee , was carried out and we had a most enjoyable time, ended with a 1 in which all were invited to ITan participate. m party was given in the afternoon and even- ; . Oneofthe enterprises in which our are 13 eD?aged yjn me making cheese on the corner? lytn of May. Sister M a t tt t " a Bu neld meeting with Relief Society and l Primary afternoon and met with the J t .the evening. The Srit of til i ? ad,eVn M. A. . Pritchett, Pre Lois A. Wilson See'v. SALT LAKE CITY. 'Pxt Conference of Lake Stake lit" frarA "Now let: us rl:cle .My k n": SU,f ;PP?'.Bj was in the U-- l inc. the-lette- ; Spencer reported North Jordan Ward, Sugar House Ward, Mrs. S. B. Gibson, Union Mrs. Griffiths, Pleasant Green, Mrs. Elvira Hirst. Brighton Mrs. M. A. Hazon. Mrs. orne after OeivimrO some snenial inst.rnrtirma in Pr0i;. x vCl r A vmvwviio dents said, the Lord has called his handmaidens to help in this great work, and it is worth living for and w6rking for, but we are too much engrossed in looking after the things of the world hut as Latter-da- y Saints it is not the most important matter, it would be better fnr us to look after the kingdom of God and its and righteousness everything else will be added unto us. We realize the more we come the more we will love each other andtogether we will get stirred up to come and meet together, and every time we come to meeting we feel warmed up and think we will try and perform this I understand many in the country are duty. raising silk and many making an effort in gathering wheat. Let us be wise in these things. The Lord blest Sister Zina and I when we were traveling South. There' were showers of rain so that many brethren were able to hitch their teams and come with their families to up meeting which they could not have done if it had not rained. We hope all the sisters will respond to making the 4th rejoicing. ofjulyadayof We want a 1 our sisters who are citizens and have the right to vot? to do so and not be career about this privilege. Let usr appreciate blessing which we have had put into our hands. Mrs.E S. Taylor spoke of the Conference at Provo which she had recently attended, ureed &he Sisters to attend the Conference and the Saturday meetings. We work for our exaltation ourselves. There must are many things for us to do, we have been counseled m regard to up wheat, let us endeavor to carry thisstoring out, anJalso let mfl v tn tne sisters to take an interest in the coming 4th e us help to make a rousing good time, and let us show our patriotism aud willingness to help the brethren in this celebration. of the healing power of God and told s some of her experience. Mrs. S M. Kimball, I have been at hearing the sentiments expressed toSav T ratified to hear Sito Taylor jas about 8l?e the comiW to .1ve read and e, " -- "utiswiuuing or the princinl es the benefit and ,he ot his handmaidens, said she felt a care over the sisters of this Stake. ' , I subtS -- 4 semi-monthl- y - T:""u sakl . buTcSC "? nfc fttS rS eating. of Salt Mrs. B.W. Smith said, I believe I could" speak better if this house was full. I have just returned from a visit to Grantsville, where we attended Conference and we had large congregations and a very good turn out of the brethren at every meeting. Dr. E. B. Ferguson, I rejoice in meeting with you all this afternoon and in, bearing testimony to the work of God. I hope we will not get careless and indifferent concerning that which is for our good. I have read with r which haseen referred To,' surprise written by a lady in the United States declin--- ' ing public work because she was a wife and mother We, who are in this kingdom feel that it is because we are, wives and mothers that our hearts and sympathies go out to all humanity and we seek to bless and benefit others besides those of our own household. It is as wives and mothers that w6 desire to stand side by side with our husbands and sons inbuilding up this kingdom. If we shrink from ou;r i duty who -will take it up ? Let us take hold of this coming celebration, and show the government that we understand and appreciatexur privileges by making it a success. The time may come when we may be , called to celebrate a woman's day of independence, and as women ' of this Republic let us be alive to our duties whatever our enemies may have to say against us. I pray that we may be united, and that we mav:seek to be fed at the fountain of all truth our spirits require to be fed with food that will promote our eternal growth the '1jody could not exist long upon one meal of food a week, neither can our souls exist without spiritual nourishment. Those who attend their meetings punctually will be fed and will grow in usefulness. Mrs. E.C. S. Clawson Pres. s of the of Stake, spoke of the Children's Conference to be held the next morning in the Assembly Hall and invited children parents and grandparents to come &c. ; Mrs Rachel R. Grant spoke' of the good ' time she had in St, George last winter. A nought we should interest ourselves in getting up our records, we have many principles in the Gospel will feel happy when we meet with oilr loved ones very who a,re gone, and let us so live that we can be happy antT joyful all the time. The Spirit of God will bring us and all the peace joy day long. Felt that the Associations would do much Primary realized we should set our children a good, good example, our experience will be profitable to ma? no have-tPass We should know SJu about the very hereafter only for the Gospel. Our le Jd be y0Iing better if they had Te in Gospel their hearts. nhSF'C- 4th; company in re?"Bed fiom a depend altogether to Sanpete oajXgS 2 know-ledge'.an- d Primary-Association- hrr1111 o . sritTh Jhffwf 6 WaS Pleased with the spirit' do not know of suffered by the lUters being The Lord il alwavs open a way for us to fill our en our hearts and do allthe positions if we Sr "good we cm JnvlrSwT "iI , cadlanoSce the fasten sendiug their children to outside 1)6 he,d sponsible ad- W?Uld vtd where their children aT n'T10 were SJfr te&Lt ShfyTd1th0uht "ething a remark ; on thej could terially .Benefit youug ed employment and those who. bucm etc. rjdismi uf "Lord M. P. Y0,in7 Tu3a1by Mrs E. Howard, Secy. ; k 1 ' V ' t I I 