WO M ANS iHIJ '"'illMksl, ' Laura.' U. Ften.:.tl)s '"Little Dane." ' "MfWWft jti9nal; 1. Shewfw tion Pf;. JVtepondn amendment Keh$r?n O wft)rmysr.(y.nd the Her speech occupied noon. " ad- - - ! ap-piaud- ed. entire after- In Colorado, the first Monday in May will be : election day in all the school districts. All n twentyone yeats .of 'agej having resided in fthe district thirty days, and six months in the not prisoners, or insane, etc., will be per ; f''xnitea tOf.,yote (On all questions pertaining to scnools, taxation of property, improvement of school buildings, or interests also hold .Vomen may any ypn wrjiqmen Yoe. office voted upon at such elections. Good for Colorado. wo-;me- -- other-education- and Secretary of A. are very ; the .'Centniloarjd; of Y t complete, reports from Stake r$faries, J'oide.r'jrejqpr them, and,also report ItbemL.'ijx, October .November, and- December, 18S0, reports .were received from Bear Lake, ox Elderj. Stakes. Jhese Stakes V5beXi and f, ieed ipnyp to make h alf-- y ear Jy reports. , wjnjlj J t,is learnesyjiiesired Jb at all prganized Stakes send jn gnn .annual reports in .good t4me for the r OQjbete,,Confejnce;Tai?o .thatlair Stakes that have not reported from date of organization, send in at the earliest date reports to March I, 1881. TLEG&Afs; just received announce' that 'VpuB - , , ; 'm gbciety ap- the jeople of the jJnited States in behalf t disastrous eartnguakes, which "have been so , destructive of late in the situated in the Greek Jsjand of Chio, which .Arctdpelagb. Tles ladies, urge urn, the pastors of. all, the churches Catholic, Protectant and Hebrew., tn Jake up, collections in. their congre-- . .AttAnn of tJiA" twWnt nrantirable moment that TTT ". the rich, and the poor may nave tne. opportunity of the, sufferers from . . . T , -- txAy. trt-fr- tYi A. jrtfklif. rvf rr-t-- ferexs.; Biggs & tK fa in t ?r ;XJ Washington, cr ftiif- - will receive all monies collected. OBITUARY. ' Sister Marl Kormipgtonjfe of Bishop John 'Parte : 19, cUe plank, ran up the hjll on the other side into the UUShes! nrUtcfrt.J - t 'thtt hulliif'tj': -mo iiKe """"" j and cut "jnoiicu down the bushes on all sides pf me. One girl was wounded by side, and she fell over a log, and her clothesmy to happened hang over the log in sight of the mob, and the mob. fired at them, supposing that it was her body, and after all was still our people cut out of that log twenty bullets." I witnessed that awful scene, which can never, no never, be erased ffroni my memory while I lite upon the earth; I can shut my eyes at any time and see it all over again. The shock to my nervous system no can define." "When the mob had done firing they began to howl, and one would have thought a horde of the internals h ad escaped from the lower regions. " Th eyl plundered.- our goods, what we had left, took of they piir horses' and wagons, possession and drove away, howling like so many demons. After they, had gone tcame down to behold the awful scene of slaughtef,and oh! ohl! what a horrible sight! My husband and one of my sons. ten years old, lay lifeless upon the. ground, and another sonrx years old, wounded and bleeding, his hip, all shot to pieces; and the ground all around covered with the dead and dying. There were three little boys had crept under the blacksmith's bellows; one of them received three wounds; he lived three weeks, suffering all the t ime incessantly, and at last died. He was not mine, the other two were mine. One of whom had his brains all shot out, the other his hip shot to pieces." This last was Alma Smith, who lives at Coalville, and who still carries the bullets of the mob in his body, hut was healed by careful mil aing the power' of Goii through-Ihhis mother. "My husband and earnest faith of was nearly stript of his clothes before he was quite dead; he had on a new pair of boots, and they were taken oS him by one whom they designated Bill Mann, who afterward made his brags that he 'pulled ad d Mormon's boots Realize, my off his feet while he was kicking reader if; you can for one moment the dreadful scene nothing but horror and distress. It was at sunset when the mob Jeft and we crawled back to see and comprehend the extent of our misery. The1 very dogs seemed filled with rage, - howling over their dead masters, and the cattle caustut the scent of innocent blood, and bellowed. ui A dozen helpless widows grieving ior ue or or. orphaned, their husbands and thirty fortyf fatherless, children were screaming and crying for their fathers, who woauaea anu " around them. The groans oPmecom Dinea was this All ahv dyin rent the. a Misof enough to melt the heart anything but souri moboerat. There were fifteen kilfed afad ten wounded, two of whom died the next day. known - This is only an item of the terrible tragedywere not Mill. There as the battle of Haun's were and they men enough leftda bury the dead, and covwas well that 'an-oldry, d into thrown . . . ...... ered with s traw.aud dirt. . Mv cood friends who read this wful recital, can vou, do you wonder that the children born and about the time of the.e fearful' mobbings a spirit of drivines, should 0 imbued with these inthe wrongs, perpetrated upon I nocent. hWmless immigrant? I think notinsult of adding is these and similar persecutionsLatter-daSamte made the have that t- bftau which time. 'She haa,twoparaiyUpr strokes, the first hi her left arm' five week, the otfyer the whole, of her leftj side five days before her death. ;She'waa"i)bmait Burnley,, Lancashire England, ' Dec. 25trji 1820. Embraced the Gospel in the her family in the last yar ig9, enjgrate'dwith' 'nan&cart company in 1856, buried her husband '" and two ?frildren on the. plains, and suffered .much herself. '.Was married to John Parker in l8a7,'inSalt Ske &ty; mpveo to Virgen City for (in L83', wag a'jLeacne'rJn the Relief Society 'two "yearswasa faithful Latter-da- y Saint, ever her testimony totbe truth, pf the .'readytO; oanft-gaye,"f Tatter-da- y good cpqnseltQ all her associates. She quietly went to sleep in the hope of a gloriou reasAirrection. .. A. Isom. . , i ' . lan-gua- s, . the-atmosp- ge . - . , " calf-ski- -- n - hs - : 4 : y bed regionst they enemies when, after leaving- the cm are again pursued by their 1 To be continued. ; CORRESPONDENCE. . , St! QEORdE March, 28, 18S1. Our Conference is over, and , Dear Editor: and beloved our to adieu bid have Zma iD. , E, R.tf. Smith and Sister left uV their hon-,Z- ll ; . s CONTINUED. rvu fn-- A wnmpti an cl children if mon place t the oaobj.'would-- rush upon wewYirA-onfired temnndklUtlhentallitogthef.i Tlimob before the women (,bad tirne., start, from the e : Thmen'tbok off thefr hatft and swung shot theui'Shd erred for quarter, until theyete cries IdowrK iheianQtopaidna attention uorhelr treAtieA bu fired alternately, j I took camp. SSiS? buralthgh they .have, memories as remain in our think.of, for thejcomfortand bles!ngsThey! have imparted and good they and shortutime, arrivXnd after resting wcSSS Temple, they in.copinany itb Snow, rrTtelmed rresident.Minerya M. 1m Stake, thesetUementspf rSlout to visit to be a ifft , &CmgSLfS sidesy exfceptini 'dc the ban of ' the' 'Creek, the'bahkandsethe'miir '" .If'... . - - . YL!'rT -- , rU-.- .; I pn a A seemed withJSVr, ; WjWjry - -- ; organed -- f ' V flat."" that it is only on important it may be argued such that occasions power is displayed, but many related of ' irson being been have incidents' accident from saved by some peculiar supernatmind. Itwai spirit of the ural impression and said he would be Ixrd the tefore stood that proa lying spirit in ihe mouth of all Abab's which to to o battle, him go and persuade phets, m nnt.wi uic rot i ho HrnimfitjinM t evji ierniiiiw iin natural in a about perfectly seemed, brought con ironing. way, as though no unseen power was book of King, second the in We read Again, of theKing :!aboiit Ehsha:tberrpphet warning - women mtinor L .. have sung so h long ki Sunday,b9Do-andiJjvLTO them iuto.Prpnuries VT 1 , kmdnrj. SOTSuflilyd' whoSoSthey to-their AOtfind) and ran tWilitUdgWs(myttoyicqul4 all 'K'. the' woods, TVobrencircJed. nssoon ran some-thlnzil- , y, ; 4l That we are more or less influenced by spiritual powers, either good or bad, scarcely any one will deny. That Satan and his host are decking whom they may destroy we learn from the Bible. And this is done by them influencing per- -' sons' th do wrong, hence it is by our own acts we : are condemned. We read of Mary Magdalene of seven devils, and of evil spirbeing possessed its I eing cast out of many others. Then we each have our guardian angels to watch and protect Us, and thef , V. V. Pratt says, uare our Kindred our fathers who have died aud risen again in former ages." Angels are sometimes resurrected beings, persons who once lived on this earth, but have passed to the higher spheres. Spirits are persons who have died and not yet been resurrected, or received their immortal bodies. History informs us that both have often ' returned to earth and made themselves known to many people. From the Bible we learn that angels appeared to Abraham, Lot, Hagar, Jacob, Balaam, Elijah, Joshua, Daniel and others, and many angel visits are recorded in the Isew Tes-- 7 fament, to Zachariah, St. Peter, Jdseph and Mary and Bt John, and in the Book of Mormon we-- read aagela appearing.o.AlmarAjuilek, have Nephi and Lehl, and in th is age messengers Cow-derto Smith. Oliver Joseph appeared Openly Pavid Whitmer and Martin JIarria These messengers had some important business to '.' transact, or message to deliver. Tlie Bopk of v MOrmOn lays one of the gifts of God is 'the be-- " spirits,', .The holding of angels and ministering fs Bible tells us one' of the gifts the discerning V of spirits. From Wilford Woodruff, Uirpugh the Deseret News, we. learn that he has, in fkeams that seemed .almost real,' seen an$ , CQQversed .With Joseph Smith many times since hi death, and that last winter he "had many iuch IntermbalI, views with' President Young, eberC. George A. Smith, Jedediah M. Grant, and many ' other" who were dead. P. i. Prat speaks in some of his writings of receivrng a visit while in prison from his dead wife, How often do we feel at times an unseen assistance, some power clear enlightening pur minds and'inaklng thingssome' to our and assisting ua in understanding, t"A OA. . XE I oVlfkllIl lirfl frV an Arrrf nn' illJIU U HID UUIlJg) duvuiu ' J niiouj uncompli8h the same object at another time, aided,: we would make a comparative' failure. That such-i- s rendered may be' proved '6y the following: "And it came to pass j when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his' eyes and ' looked, and behold, there tood a man ' over drawn in bis hand, him with his sword against a.M nntfl film r I uuw I. I ana josnua weui uitu, anu oaiu uuwu.au, for our adversaries? And he Art thou for us, or t tnit fit th A na no .f o fn fit ...f tV3 XT. HUH v B211U. 1.1 Wl"IU V th ..vruw Lord am I now come:'rand it wa certainly by no mortal power that the "wall (of Jericho) fell , . injury, here OUR SPIRITUAL SURROUNDINGS. e r.f br. their very own, the good results of which are .. already manifest. I must not omit to mention also Sister Bachel Grant and Sister Li bby Townsend, who spent part of the winter here, and with whom we enjoyed some most agreeable Associations. We are pleased to have our friends from the North visit us, it does us good, and we hope that as the Rail Koad -- comes nearer (so that they do not have "the horrid. roads" to travel) that more will come." It is a delightful cliniajte in winter,there is being scarcely a day but sunny and bright. I am sure Italy's skies cannot boast of a more beautiful blue. It now looks like a posey garden, all the fruit trees being in bloom, and asparagrus and pie plant has been ready for the table for more than a week. I have been very sick, but through the blessings of my Heavenly Father and faith and prayers in my behalf, am thankful to say I am gaining strength, and hope soon to be able to resume my every day duties. With kind love and good wishes for your success I remain your Sister in the Gospel, Elizabeth P. Bent'ly, Cor. Setfy R. S. - nan-stone- , peaJ, to ,XPOJENT . . ques-- ,, loudly CE . 