WO MAN'S EX P 0 N E N T. The exer--. cises of the meeting were conducted by Mrs. Emma Tootie in ah efRcient and dignified manner, and although there were one hundred and fifty children iri the room', the most perfect order was preserved throughout the entire meeting. There were recitations, essays, songs, organ ' solos, dialogues, j and speeches, by the visitors, ' among wHom we will make honorable men tion of Sisters Eliza K Snow Smith and Presendia L. Kimball, also T. B. Xe wis, Superin tenant of schools, and C. R. Savage, B3q. During the. exercises a presentation was made to Mrs, Toone of a motto, handsomely framed, by Miss Louisa Simmons, Jn the following words: . Dear President, as a token of our, esteem and appreciation of yowz valuable labors and unvary-in- g kindness as the President of the Primary Association of the 20th Ward, we ask you to accept this motto. It will be of Increased value to you from the fact that it is the workmanship of your granddaughtery-an- d with every stitch is woven our faith and hope that the God in whom we trust "will bless yon Tmd the children of this Association; and the hope' of Israel everywhere. The work was' neatly executed by Ihlm Geor-gian- a Toone. We made Several pages of notes, which we shall publish hereafter. i'olka. It was quite an artistic affair; , as we always called him in loving tenderness, was born July 27, 1878. He was the second son of the late Thomas Williams His affectionate disposition and. gentlemanly ways, although only a child, won for him the kind feelings of his teachers and the sincere love of his schoolmates. April 17, Easter Sunday, his cousins from Salt Lake City, seven of them, darling boys, had the last day of enjoyment with li ttle Thomas. On the morning of the 18th he was attacked with diphtheria, and on the 22d, at 2.30 p. m., at his home in Provo he passed peacefully away, and left us to enjoy the society of the blest and pure. The sweet smile that lingered on that exquisitely lovely face, seemed to say "be comforted, all is right, my papa wants me." The sorrowing young mother and loving little brother, his companion and playmate, are almost broken hearted, but they trust in the living God, who knows what is best for us all, and who doeth all things well. who certainly deserves grea". credit mr her perseverance in training these little ones. There were.songs, recitations, essays, etc., Lizzie Parsons, a,, little thing six years old, sang sweetly, in a clear and distinct voice, "Nobody's Darling." Two little daughters of C. W. Penrose sang very nicely in-- . deed, quite as well as many young ladies could have done. But the principal feature of the oc- casion was the presentation of a wreath of hair flowers, elegantly framed, by Laura Denney, a child only seven years old, Who came forward and addressed the audience briefly, then turning to Sister Eliza with a modest little curtsey, delivered, In a clear and forcible manner, a speech . , . expressed their delight In the training, of - tittle' old Iule 'Felj, fonr. vears aogm a jich and melodious Voice,. Wl-bea- . Mormon' blaster ,.j pnpnie the benediction. j r . Primary Hymn Books for sale at this Office. D. H. Young. Xj - faith of the Gospel. AMANDA SMITH. OONTINUKD. "As I returned from the woods where I had the cene of slaughter, I Jfound who etartei with me lying in a pool of the lister blood.. She' had' fainted, but was only jshot Farther on war Father through the hand. white-halrorevolutionary Mc'Bride; ia aged, soldier; his murderer had literally cut him to pieces with an old corn-c- u tter. His hands had been split down when he raised them in supplication for mercy. Then one of the mob cleft open his head with the same Weapon, And the veteran who had fought for the freedom of his country in. (the glorfous days; of the past, was numbered, with :the martyra. My; eldesty soniii WilJardj'took. my woundedboy upou ( his, bak and bore him to our tent. , The entire TitoTn were shot' away. 'We laid, little ' joint' and' allour bed and examined the wound. Alma upon I was among the dead and dying; I knew not what to do, I was there all that" long, dreadful my wounded; au none ? night with my dead and but God as physician an help, I knew not but at anV moment the mob might 'teturn to dreadfurw6rk. In the extremity of O I my agony cried unto the IDrd,and ThbU'who fatnerlessi hearest theiprayers of the Widow do? my knoweft I Thou, Inexpef;-what shall wounded peest twy,(frnat. my poor jenceThou Phall i do? Heavenly Father, direct me! And r I wa directed Just as by'a voice sneaking to;me.-Oufled for safety to d ; : ? ; -- ed It is with deep regret that we record the death of one of our belovod sisters. Janet Heaton ChrisJohn was the daughter of William and at tina Finclair. She was horn June II, 1843, was bapTrenent, Haddingtonshire, Scotland; in tized Oct. 28, 1S54; emigrated to America 1856, was married and to Utah in 1853. In 1857 she nine children. to John Heaton,by whomshe had with the In 1873 her husband died, leavingofher when 1879, fall care of a largo family till the She was a she was married' to William John. a true and faithful kind and affectionate mother, of tber Saint, and an active member Latter-da- y held the ofRelief Society of this place, having of years previous , fice o Secretary for a number, March 3, 1881, of pue- rto he dea h. She died survival her but two fever; her babe ind with her. She leaves a husband, "verchildrenand a ho of friends to mourn . ies "' Kich-buryjEsse- , i the young.- -- Died, at Taylorsville, S. L. Co., Utah, January, 1881 Jane Knopp. Deceased was bcrn at Eng., May, 1798; emigrated from Sockett Heathj Little Thurrock, Essex, in 1855; stayed Ih Philadelphia, and emigrated to Utah in I860, Sister Knopp . was , an exemplary woSaint, and an active man,! a true .Latter-da- y member in the Relief Bociety. She resided for some time in Wasatch County, and wherever she was on all occasions delighted in her religion, as a numDie roJiower or Jesus, one uieu in ruji OBITUARY. : I We miss her, but feel assured that our loss is , Makia Adams. her gain. "Our joys when extended will ever increase, Our griefs when divided are hushed into peace." photographs artistically arranged ' inside the wreath . Sister Eliza, tit' a voice choked wi th grateful emotion, spoke n few words to the chil for the honor' 'condren, and thanked'-theai- '' ferred upon her, and assured ibem she phoiild hold the gift" h'er hear'and remem- -' very 'eat , to ' r them all whWsbe looked upoii $ t J Several c" ,.'.'."'.' . friends. liams: Resolved: That we, his schoolmates, have sustained the loss of a valued friend, who. had become endeared to us by the many traits of truth and purity which his character has manifested.. Resolved: That we sincerely condole and sympathize with his afflicted family in their heavy loss. Resolved; That these resolutions be spread upon the minutes of the Academy, and a copy be furnished the Territorial Enquirer for publication, and our brother's sorrowing family, Thanks. Mrs. Zina Young Williams wishes to thank her relatives and friends for their kind favors and condolence in this her sad bereavement; they are truly appreciated by her. written for the occasion by Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, which occupied perhaps "seven minutes. Towards the close, two; very little children, a boy and girl, came forward and handed her the wreath, which she very gracefully presented' to the honored lady,' who was so completely taken by surprise she could scarcely reply. The wreath is formed of a lock of hair from each child in the Association, and in the center is a single item of flowers, composed of locks of hair from tt'e Prenidtmt ami her Counselor, with their "e ; memory of Brother Thomas Edgar Williams, who died at Provo, April 22d, 1881 adopted by the Students of the Brigham Young Academy, April 25,1881. Whereas, God has seen fit to call from among us one of our loved and respected friends and ielt, jpu-bounc- 1 of respect to the Young and Presendia L. Kimball, and many others who are also aiding in promoting the interests bf these organizations. The exercises of Hall. h Gospel. Zina A, Died, at Alpine City, March 23, 1831, Catherine Nash, in the sixty-eightyear of her age. Deceased was born July 23, 1813, at Ashton Common, Wiltshire, England; emigrated' to. Utah in 1854. She , had suffered for Several weeks with rheumatism, and upon the night of the 2lsfc was taken with a paralytic stroke, which caused; much pain and deprived her of the use of her left side, and affected her speech.. .. ' , ".. .t Sister. Nash has for many years held the office of teacher in the Relief Society, which office she well maintained up to the time of her death, and died in full faith of. the Uospel, beloved by al who knew her. Her remains were followed to thair last resting place by a long pToeession of her friends from this and surrounding settle-- . , ments in carriages and wagons. Thq sisters of the Relief Society walked in procession, followed by the Young Ladies' and Primary Associations. She was loved by all, both old and young. She leaves two sons, a,nd threq grandchildren, who deeply mourn her loss; also a numerous circle of . had tre pleasure of atFriday, tending the second anniversary of the Primary Association of the 11th Ward in this city. It was the first organized in Salt Lake City, and only preceded by the one in Farmington. There was a very large attendance of children and a goodly number of the parents. The Bishop was also present a part of the time. On the platform were Sisters Eliza R Show Smith, "Zina D. the president, .Mrs. Louie Eliza West Portage, Box Elder County. . April 15, we : . and Zina Young Williams, of Salt Lake City, and grandson of the late President Brigham Young and Zina D. Young. July 17, 1874, his father died. Three years ago his mother removed to Provo, in order to be with herVlittle sons, and oversee their education herself. Little Thomas has been for three years past a and diligent scholar in the Brigham regular Young Academy in that place. He has made rapid progress in his studies, and in the principles of the. : . her loss. May she rest in peace, and come forth, in the morning of the first resurrection. Little Tommie, . r' I THOMAS EDGAR WILLIAMS. , ner by 101 , W . com-blele!th- eir ' . . fire was smouldering; we had been Wirnihg the shaggy bark of the hickory logs, i Theoloe told me to take those ashes and makea polution. and saturate a cloth with. ibend ppt.ifcrfrfittato the wound. It was painful, but my JitUe Wjr,. ttucb was' too near dead to heed the rfAtb tajn and put the saturated Again and again I ' the which hip jotothad it into the hole from fleeh been ploughed out, and each time maahed . cloth. the with came and splinters of bone awajnd clean. white and the wound became and having obeyed the voice which directed me, -- : d . r 