ham Young, everyone was curious to learn something of the "Aormon" experience; in conversation she found that the most absurd ideas prevail concerning this people. She was glad to be among the Saints once more, and wished to get home to St. George aa soon as iossibie. Congregation sang "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah.'' Prayer by, Mrs. E. B. Wells. Afternoon meeting: Opened by singing "Redeemer of Israel;" prayer by Mrs. liachel R. Grant; sang "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet." Mrs. M. 1. Home, treasurer for the central board of Relief Society, read her report. Almost every branch in the Salt Lake Stake had contributed to the celebration" on the 24th of July last. Sister Home then made some pejti-neremarks upon present duties and referred to the prophet Isaiah's saying, "Arouse yourselves, 0 ye women of Zion, who are at ease." Counselor E. S, Taylor was the next speaker, she alluded to her recent visit in the East, and the opportunities he had of testifying to the truth, and that, according to the promise made her previous to going away, she had not been confounded, but had always a word in due season for every one who had inquired of her Saints, or their princoncerning the Latter-da- y B. Wells a few niinutes; Mrs. E. occupied ciples. referred to the condition of the young people in Zion, and the necessity of spiritual as well as moral Culture. Urged the sisters to assist in developing the better qualities of mind and heart in the childreu and also to encourage habits of industry and economy. Mrs. S. M. Kimball spoke nppn the necessity of studying to know the duties relating to the positions occupied by the sisters. Thought each one should try, and said none were to blame for not understanding except those who did not try. She often thought of one of Sister Eliza's remarks that people thought poetry flowed through her, without any effort on her part, but it was not so, she had to study and study - semi-annu- -- was appointed ... morning,-Dec- 18. On Saturday morning the?Primary Conference was held, Counselor Camilla Cobb presiding. Children sang from their Primary Hymn "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Prayer by Mrs. M. I. Home, singing again Ve thank thee O God for a prophet." Minutes of previous Conference read and accepted. A few written and some verbal reports were given. Counselor Miss Annie Davis read a letter from the President, Mrs. Ellen C. 8. Clawson, advising the children who had working wee tings' to make warm comforters instead of quilts to donate to the Temple, Also notified them that it was her intention to get up a fair to which all the different associations in the Stake would be expected to contribute of the work of the members. 'All sorts of fancy and useful articles, etc., made by both boys and Dec. 18th, 1880, Mrs. Mary A. Freeze presiding. Sung, "Now Let us rejoice," prayer by Mrs. 8. M. Heywood, sung, "Come all ye sons of God," Minutes of previous conference omitted. Reports from a very few of the wards were read. The presidents of branch associations were called upon to report verbally. The 7th, 10th, 11th, 15th, 17th, 19th and Sugar House Wards w ere ably represented. Mrs. Hannah T. King made some happy remarks, in which she spoke of her having been recently called to occupy the position of president Y. L. M I. A., in the 17th Ward. $aid it was a dfficult matter to become familiarized with new associates; she had sought the Lord in prayer that he would turn the hearts of the young ladies towards her. She believed in a law Which was in reality order, rather than law. She was not an accomplished speaker and felt it was a high and responsible position to fill, to preside over and win the hearts of the yourg ladies. She meant to keep very close" to her file leaders. President Freeze, in the course of her remarks observed that the editing of manuscript papers was a great source of improvement, that it called out talent Which would otherwise never have She had heard articles read in the Associations that were excellent. Let us not shrink from speaking. There is nothing that can so educate us as the promptings of the spirit of God. Counselor "Louie Felt said: I know the time has come to study our religion and put away light reading. We want to inform ourselvas and become intelligent, that we may be able to dispense light and knowledge to those who are in Counselor Clara Conrad, in her remarks, said she wanted to live so that her influence would do good, even though she spoke not a word. Thought mothers should counsel their daughters t attepdthekmeatings,, their everyday duties, -" and especially secret prayer.sri;iy,:z .;,.,, tt President E. S. Taylor called upon the sisters to make It a "special subject of prayer that all obstacles in the way of the progress of these associations be removed. Exhorted the young ladies to renewed diligence, and made reference to the prophecies concerning the great events which are near at hand. Young ladies prepare be able to yourselves with Bible arguments, isand within you; give a reason for the hope that that and also strive for intellectual attainments, inteland vou may have a blending of spiritual lectual intelligence. Let every president seek to the Lord that she may know what to do. Counselor Mattie Home, advised the observance of tbe Word of Wisdom, thought that by obtain observing of commandments we could to blessings Counseled the young ladies, ppt said the royal heirs marry outside the Church;outside his kingdom. of God shouki notrnarry some made appropriate cloPresident Home deep interest in sing remarks, expressing her and her grede-sir- e ladies, the labors of the young" for their advancement. Romania B. Pratt, M. D., was elected Treasurer, Y. L. M. L A., Salt Lake Stake, and each Branch Association an- was requested to contribute fifty centsper ... the n, ini H was decided to hoU " v- Tr " , ar semi-mom- my . BUng Wells. jjcm,u.vv- - U j t;- Mao-Donou- gb - Minersville was released from that position on account of poor health Toward the close Of Conference a few recitations and songs were rendered by members of the Primary Association. .. Adjourned till January 15, 1831. Flora S. HiLL,Cor. Sec ABOUT TO CAPTURE THE FOURTH OF JULY, THE BIRTHrBAY OF THE REPUBLIC. WOMEN The various organizations of women are to issue circulars to their auxiliaries all over the country, asking that henceforth the day of jur National Independence be celebrated iii a fitting manner by the daugliicrii.,(')f io Pilgrims. Let the women in every school ,lis-trifrom Maine to cxas, from Uiq Atlantic, ' to the Pacific, unite in this new ; departure. Select at once the woman in your 'school district or town who can best write and speak, lot have th s the orator of the day, that she may ' intervening months for thorough preparation, and thus honor herself and the occasion.. Wc have listened to the rehearsal of man's achievements, and built statues to liir memory for one long century, now let us sing the praises ot the Pilgrim Mothers, and garner frommttie leaves of the past, the glowing wofds and generous deeds of their daughters. ;Let,,ua hang to. thk.:aiarvct Home" for the first time.iu ., , .... m.rnxfA- ' " OUT niaiory an nnr'juMitAiiit,wT work. With the Declaration of Independence in one hand and the 16th'' Am'cnament'i6VdiQr Constitution in the other, let the women f thia nation simultaneously declare their" etjtraj interests and their equal rights in the great exAm periment of a government by the people. under the genius of our free institutions the regned, rights of women are at last being her thoughts should be lifted from a narrow chanfamily selfishness into the high ,and holyof flio nels of patriotism. On the threshold second century of our national life; Ui woman of the republic bnt celebrate one watch-nigh- t ante-nathour of holy musings.wmncilfaspira-tion- s . set to the music of a peaceful chorus,with-Iftiifror of bobmb cannon 'iv that has hitherto distinguished the world; a great festivals. With soft music in shady groves let the Voice of woman now dc ncara, auu icw sons in silence learn her will. Let the 4th of July, 1881, usher m anew all. day of peace and liberty to Elizabeth Cady7 Stanton ro-qucs- ted ct 1 , : JiA ... ' - of 'Beaver Stake met at MinXille, October 15th, 1880 Pnt of r ucinda Howd, Sister Zabriskie, President wiUi ocie'ty of nerille mSS McDonough, Sister Sarah M. and useful Tdik ol and many active Members Ue. Belief with A number of brethren met le' ntHo7rf .pota ofth.Tariou.and imitfrtaat 'a al r.nwi;l Elizabeth Botstox IIarbert; Ptirnr W. CotTSIKS. May Wright TrioMrsox, Susan B. Anthony, Matilda Josltx Gaoe. BEAVJER STAKE. he MM Adamsville were not represented. . y Much good instruction was given daring Conference by Brothers Robinson, Ayere, Wood and Bishop McKnight, and by Sisters Howd, L. Skiner, Zabriskle, Dell, Blackburn and others. .'": Sister Gillis, President of the Primary Association of Beaver, spoke very encouragingly of the progress the children were making. She feJ t n deep interest in their improvement. SisteJ Goodwin, President of the V. L. JMC. t. A ,pf . Books 1 al been-know- n. hard. The Lord gives the ability, but leaves When she to us the labor and improvement. duties which rested upon the daughters of Zion, and. niade niany other interesting remarks. Reports from the Relief Societies Y. L. M. I, A. and .? Primaries, ' were read, whjcJb; bore unmistakable evidence o the lively zeal realized by the Saints of this section. Greenville arid - -- r nt secretary she had thought at first, it only required her to take the minutes of the meetings when Sister Eliza presided now she could ete a great field opened before her view, in which she was called to labor. She was authorized to keep records of important events, at.d that being attthoritatmsb would be recorded above,and felt anxious to have them correct. Said to thte sisters honor jour Sister Howard jx)sition and it will honor you. wished the Secretaries to procure blanks, that all the reports might be uniform in detail, to lighten and simplify the labor of making up an aggregate report for the Stake. Spoke of her pleasant visit to the Ladies Conference at Grants ville and said they were favored with the presence of Apostle Lyman and President H. J. Grant. The brass band at that place had honored the sisters by a serenade on the Saturday after- noon of the Conference. Sisters Rachel R. Grant, Maria Carrington and Phebe Woodruff each made suitable and edifying remarks, Sister Woodruff relating some of the incident of her visit with President Woodruff to Sanpete and Juab counties, where she had the opportunity of addressing the Relief Society Conference of Sanpete Stake. At Nephi, President Teasdale had given out an appointment for her; she went alone in a snow storm, and found the meetinghouse filled with brethren and sisters. The Lord certainly blest her with a rich abundance of His Spirit. President M. I. Home closed with appropriate remarks, urging the sisters to put into practice the good principles which had been spoken of. Sang "Lord dismiss us with thy Idessing. Prayer by S. M. Kimball. Conference adjouTh: ed to the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday . "vwvi w giYeu in aue ume in regard to its being held. Mrs. Cobb made some excellent remarks adapted to the capacity of the children, for which she possesses a very hanny faculty. Mrs. Home made closing remarks and proposed holding the fair in September, as tl'iat would bring it near the, Conference and give sufficient time to make it a success. Sung "Praise God from whom." Benediction by Mrs. 8. M. Kimball. Afternoon meeting: Conference Y. L. M. LA , f B As the above idea emanated from the brain of Elizabeth Boynton HarbcH;ahd Lon-grewas first proposed bv.her in tho Woman g as eh? occupies a just held in Boston, and comcentral position in the country. let all to munications on the subject be addressed Mrs. E. B. Harbcrt, Editor "Woman's Kingdom, ; Chicago, I II. care Itder-Occaare this to pronosition All editors friendly re to place to the respectfully requested above announcement in their columng.. and B. B. ss a, ... 