W was due. Mary felt as if she too had a friend who would care for her,and pro vide for her and her family. , v, She had not long enjoyed her tranquility! however, when it was broken up by a letter j from Jesse,alling her every endearing name, -- and cravjng her forgiveness for his haste in writing under the influence t)f excitement. - He had just received her letter and: learned from her own hand the reason of her not coming. His brother had inflamed his mind with jealousy and in his bitter disappointment he had written as he did; but all was forgiven with him, and money sent for her and the children, for he began to realize that they must surely, be in , want. Oh Jesse ! had you but realized that sooner ! had you reasoned calmly, and trusted her that was so true to you, that she would have laid down her life rather than sacrifice her dignity, or your honor: her who had never spoken to any other man save in the common courtesy of friendship; how much might have been spared to your self, to her and her innocent children. But Oh ! the desparing voice of the heart, when it echoes the cry, "too late!" How quickly would the wounded spirit have fled to his ten-- d er embrace, and the home ties been 'gathered which had so long been parfted asunder, but it was too late, Mary was the wife of another, her children were taken away from their father, the home ties were broken and her heart was ready to break, as it echoed the refrain, oo late ! too late ! She had taken the fatal step that' could not be retraced. His tender letter had wiped away all feelings of resentment, and he could not forget that he was the choice of her youth, the father of her children. It seemed to her that if she could lie down and die, it would be sweeter far than to live and know that she had taken the fatal step that separated their lives forever; She. forgot the long years of suffering, the agonized prayers, the angry letter, the threat of taking her little one from her which was the cause of her haste. If he had not said that, she might have waited still; but even the wild beasts will turn when its young are taken from it, and the mother-hear- t dictated her to defend her child. What could she do? She could not retrace her steps, She must hold her life as it was, and walk the way for she could not turn back. No matter how no matter how dark the weary or heart-sicroad, she must travel it, though the thorns should prick her tender feet, and the light of her soul be turned to darkness and despair. She was the wife now of James Wyvil and she must not chill the fountain of his tenderness, nor wean his feelings from her by useless regrets. She had taken upon herself new obligations, and she would be true to her trust. Like the Spartanjyouth she must conceal the fox in her bosom, though it gnaw her vitaJs. She wrote to Jesse of what she had done and why she had done it. That henceforth their lives must be apart. The money he had sent should be saved for his children, and she hoped let what would transpire, he would not forget k; . them. JTobe Continued.' THRHATIOlSrAL SUFFRAGE The National Woman Suffrage Association held its thirteenth annual meeting in Tremont Temple Boston. It has every reason to be gratified and satisfied with its reception. The distinguished women who have been at the head of that association fort many years, Mrs. Stanton, Miss Anthony, Mrs. Joslyn Gage, Mrs. Hooker, mid, Mrs.,'. Blake,' weref sure to attract5" interest and draw an. audience. The younger and less known' women1,, Mrs, r!Merri wether, of Memphis, Mrs. E. L.'Saxbn' of New Orleans, Mrs. May Wright SewalJ, of Indianapolis, Mrs, OM A N ' 8 E XPON E N T . McClellan Brown of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. Belva Lockwood of Washington, were all for the first time pleasantly introduced to a Boston audience, while Rev. Olympia Brown was welcomed by a large circle of bid friends, who will always hold her in honor. Several New England speakers united with them, so that they had ample force for their six sessions. The speeches were - abundantly and- - cordially reported by the Boston press, which did not fail to report, also, the rich dresses of velvet, satin and lace, and the distinguished appearance of the different speakers, During the session a gold cross was presented to Miss Anthony by the Citizen's Suffrage Association, of Philadelphia, in a graceful speech by Mrs. May Wright Sewall, who characterized Miss Anthony as the "saint" to whom the beautiful gift, with suitable inscriptions and date, was especially due. Governor Long gave the association a reception at the State House. Mrs. May Wright time any Suffrage Sewall said it was the-firAssociation had been received by a Governor. Mayor Prince received them at the City Hall. Jordan & Marsh invited them to the rooms of which were so ample and comhis fortable as to elicit much praise. The working-wome- n danced, and sang, and recited to the in turn made them speeches. who ladies, Mrs. Fenno Tudor also offered her elegant parlors for a reception to the association. Mrs. Johnson, of the Sherborn prison for women, idvited them to visit that institution, which tliey did. The Bird Club invited Mrs. Stanton, Miss Anthony, and others, to their regular Saturday dinner. The invitation was accepted. Eleven years ago, a similar invitation was acthe same club. cepted by Mrs. Stanton,-froAltogether the association was feted and feasted in a manner to show that Woman Suffrage, at least in Massachusetts; holds an honorable place. Ex. d st work-wome- n, DISRAELI'S SENTIMENTS ON WOMAN SUFFRAGE. "I say that in a country governed by a woman where you allow women to form part of the other estate of the realm peeresses in their own right, for example where you allow a woman not only to hold land, but to be a lady "of the manor and hold legal courts where a woman by law may be a church warden and overseer of the poor I do not see, where she has so much to do with the State and Church, on what reasons, if you come to right, she has not a right to vote." In 1873 a memorial, signed by upwards of 11,000" women, was "presented to Mr. Disraeli through the late Mr. Gore Langton, M. P., to whom he addressed the following reply: "Dear Gore Langton I was much honored by receiving from your hands the memorial signed by 11,000 women of England, among them some illustrious names, thanking me for my services in attempting to abolish the anomaly that the parliamentary franchise attached to a household or property qualification, when should not, be exercised, possessed by a womany " though in all matters of ioeal government, when similarly qualified,. she exercises this right. As I believe this anomaly to be injurious to the best interests of the country, I trust to see' it removed by the wisdom of Parc . i liament, B. Disraeli." Yours sjincerely, The following resolution was passed at a meeting of the executive committee of the Manchester National ' Society for Wumen's Suffrage, heldApril 26, 1881. 1 i ... .: "TJiat this,committee Tn expressing their deep sense' of'thefoss ' whicn ' Parliament Stful the country haVe sustained by the lamented death of the Earl of Beaconsfield, desire to record rit'.-'.'-.t'- , . : 15 their gratitude for the services the deceased statesman rendered to the cause of the enfranchisement of women by stating in the House of Commons, during the debates which preceded the passing of the last reform bill, his opinion that women having property ought to have a vote, and by his steady and uniform support of the bill to remove the electoral disabilities of women so long as he remained a member of the House of Commons;" r Ex. THE STAGE OF LIFE. This earth is a stage upon which we are all acting a part; we, ourselves cannot see so well how we aro playing our respective parts as those who are looking on and observing us can; we sometimes think that we will turn aside a little from the plan which the Great Designer has laid down for us to go by in his programme, thinking that perhaps, we can find a better method whereby we can benefit ourselves; while upon the stage; never thinking that we will need assistance after we step down off from the stage and enter in upon the reality of another life; we will then find that by taking our own course that we had only sought to appear well while upon the stage; but then alas, had never reflected upon the future, but if we had been wise enough to follow the good advice given us, thereby we would have lain up treasures more durable, which would have lasted us throughout eternity. So now my dear sisters the Gospel has taught us to obey the perfect law,,let us try to play our part well and lay up for ourselves treasures in heavens "where moth and rust do not corrupt" and let us be wise in improving our time; and not spend all the precious moments in making fine apparel to adorn ourselves with here, but give a portion of our time to earinc for the noor amonf God's nnonlp, aiul informing our minds upon all subjects pertaining to our pure religion; and never let our minds go so far astray after the fashion and folly of this world, that we will render ourselves unfit to enter in upon the realities of a higher and better life and lose the crown which is laid up for the faithful Mothers in Israel. Let us above all things not neglect the tender little ones whom God has given and entrusted in our care; do jiot let them run and take caro of themselves all day and lie down at night without teaching them to pray; and thus let them go On until after a while we will see the fruit of our neglect. Yes, see a son or daughter grown to youth and maidenhood; it is not much use then, to tell them to pray they will be ashamed so to do, and if one does prevail on them it will be much harder than it would have been, if they had begun earlier; and ten chances to one if parents succeed at all; it is written that "children should obey their parents," but do parents always set an example worthy of imitation; if they do children will seldom if ever become disobedient. A whipping now and then is not all that is required.it is not the best way to rule over our children but be kind and firm, truthful and honest with them, and they will love and obey the parents. I have written some of the scattered ideas of my mind, which may not prove interesting-hu- t they are written with a desire for good. S. T. B. ; OLD FOLKS' PARTY. ? On June the first, in comraemoi ati jh of the birthday of our departed President, Brig ham Young, a party of aged persons Fat down to a sumptuous repast in the City Hall at Spanish Fork, which had been kindly furnished for the occasion. The brass band was in attendance, and at 2 p. m, called together the invited guests. It was a peculiarly interesting sight, as the aged ones, somo very weak and tottering, 