WOMAN'S EXPONENT. wise and efficient counsel we expect to instil into the minds of the youth the principles of life and salvation which is the grand aim and Association. ohject of the Primary On Saturday evening Nov. 20, the Primary Association of Bloomington gave an entertainment. The opening and closing singing was conducted by Bro. Grenhalch. Our exercises consisted in dramatic presentation, fairy scenes, Two of the songs, recitations and dialogues. most attractive features of the evening was the, singing of a medley by 12 little girls, after which they gave a list of follies, and the recit12 girls of a ing of an Orthodox Creed by choice proverbs. larger size, spiced with some The proceeds of the entertainment is to purchase books, suitable forthe members to make their selections from, for our weekly meetings. Enclosed find two dollars for a years subscription of your paper I certainly think there should be one at least, in every Primary As sociation. L. M. Hart, President. Elmira Hulme, Secretary. 143 Stake R. S. And the most of our grain is in; its dimensions are 18 by 24 feet. The Y. L. M. I. Association- - and Primary held their Conference the 23rd Jan. were well represented and seemetHo be in n thriving condition. Our Home Industry Association is in good runing order and turns out very nice hats, bonnets &c. &. Our Statistical and Financial reports are as follows, for the half year ending Jan. 10, 1.S81. Statistical: Teacher.-'-, 31; members 15f; officers and members, 235: meetings held, 43; average, attendance, 03; Woman's lxroN-ent- . clergyman, II. Anders, Rector of Kirby, wrote to the "Times," naming a gentleman who he assured the editor, was the author of "Scenes in Clerical Life"" and "Adam Bede!" This - produced, on the nexj day? the following rejoinder from the real George Eliot: "Sir The Rev. II. Anders has, with questionable delicacy and unquestionable inaccuracy assured the world through your columns that the author of 'Scenes of Clerical Life' "and 'Adam Bede' is Mr. Joseph Liggins, of Nunca- -' ton. I beg distinctly to deny that statement. I declare on my honor that that gentleman never saw a line of those works until they were printed, nor had he any knowledge of thenr whatever. Allow me to ask whether the act of publishing a book deprives a man of all claim to the courtesies utHiaUunong gentleman? If not, the attempt to pry into what is obviously meant to be withheld my name and to publish the rumors which such prying may give rise to, seems to me quite indefensible, still more so to state these rumors as ascertained truths. I am, sir, yours, iv.c, 16. Financial: On hand July 10, 10 1881, cash, 180, receipts, to Jan. property, $35, 07; $1,099, 64; Wheat lent out, l) lbs. wheat 533, jmsh. property .$106,74; Disbursements: To the poorf cask. 5,40; property, 12,55; 'temple 10, 00; property 30,00; building 26.96; property 111,37; missionaries, 12,61; books, 4. 89; property 1. 35; Sunday schools, 4,05. property 3. 51; home industry, 4. 90. On hand Jan. 10.1881. Gash $107. 76. Property 104 7, 81. Wheat 533.bush, 0:J. lbs. '1400; m-ca- sh Gkorae Eliot." II. Cordelia Smimit, See'y. LAKE VIEW. The secret, however, soon leaked out, and long before l4The Mill on the Floss" was published in 1800, it was known in literary circles,-aleast, that George Eliot was none other than Marian Evans, the Westminster reviewer and translator of Strauss. In appearance, this extraordinary woman was commonplace, and of compersons expecting to see a woman manding aspect, with her genius written on"often turned back disapher face and figure, . . i ...... , aies ootn in the alter introduction; pointed and manners she was quiet and unassuming; solwr only those who could get into emotional talk on high .subjects,, knew what an calm exterior, glow there was beneath that how readily she responded to a true sentiment ! in which her heart and her intellect agreed There is reason to believe that she saw in later life the great mistake which she had made in early life, it must bo confessed wfth her eyes open. But having put her hand to the seal of a dual covenant, nothing could alter her purpose; but though her resolve never faltered, the arguments with which she justified herself did falter. She was ever acknowledged and received into society, her great genius and the peculiar circumstances that surrounded her being accepted as apology. Her health failed with the death of George Henry Lewes. traces of It is hoped that she leaves some world will bo through which the women made to understand one of the greatest of the Victorian era. It was desired by some ot her friends that Westminster Abbey should be her last renting Dean Stanley would place, and it is said that reflection that have consented, but on mature desire was withdrawn, and her remains repose in one of the most beautiful, elegant and lovely cemeteries in the environs of London 1 think adKensai Green, if I remember right. Alllook will mirers of this remarkable woman shall forward to yet reading a biography that 1 bend its over do 'her justice, and they wi with love and sympathy of the purest pae, an3 of the most unique; and many a sigh and blended with their admiramany a tear will be tion and rich appreciation. t We have a Y. L. M, I. Editor Exponent: officers and Association with twenty-on- e an average attendance'of about fifteen, which is very well considering that there are only seventeen iamiiies in uie seuemcui. We meet every other Tuesday and thejast with the Y. Sunday evening in every month M. M. I. Association which gives us about three meetings monthly. We make out a programme every meeting which consists of day for the next meeting, select readings, essays, recitations and songs, and I can truly say the girls do well in all; when they also arise and bear their testimonies is blessing called upon and I feel the Lord them. The boys and girls gave me a very pleasant of December. surprise, on the twenty-secon- d Mrs. Louise They met at the residence of Hanson, our school teacher, and at six o'clock, but they burst in upon me not only themselves, with baskets well filled, not only with picnic, but with many pretty and suitablegifts. We spent the evening very pleasantly in eight, sons and games until about half-pas- t after round were passed when refreshments little and a? which we had more songs, games, o clock. ten about dancing,he company retired is in good runing The Y M. M. I. Association order and I believe the boys are all trying to do right in every way. There has been scarcely any drinking here is very gratifying during the holidays, which with twenty-si- x We have a m names enrolled, which is doing well. us all down rest God upon of May the spirit the that we may remain faithful to the end is mem-bers.wi- day-scho- prayer ol of GEORGE ELIOT. th ElizABetii Miller, President Y. L. M. I. A. BY HANNAH T. KING. to Though we never were privileged this great and grand woman, we have become as it were- - united to her by our sympathies being excited and wound round her by her noble works, which we have read with a marvel and a wonder! and we mourn to hear she has passed away from this mundane sphere of action. It seems hard to believe that that extended creat heart, whos love and sympathy no more! over all God's creation, will beat That that brain will no more concoct grand, of beautiful, deep and enduring picture-mode- all who human life and character, that elevated desire to arise to read, and excited in them a hitherto they a higher state of existence than of. had deemed themselves capable 1 loss and "Adam Bede," the "Mill on the "Middlemarch" were her first grand publica"Roniola her tions- "Daniel Deronda" and later' ones. Her father, of whom she was pasoriginal of more than sionately fond, was the of Caleb novels-not- ably one in his daughter's "Middlemarch." Her mother dud wEnshe was still a child. Her father, Robert and surveyor and ivans, was a land agent -, -Kuneaton. War- lived in ine remembered u a man oT. w ckshire- - he , n 1":. I Ins rare worth ana cnarawej a,3 ot all lover in the Midlands. She was great a sym-and she ever showed as intense animal with and intimate acquaintance A la wth human look-upo- ls - i X S St JSTS allhment of tlfe Trainer, she drew shown g the 6ne points of the horse; she had made a study. She come up to London when quite with many of Trirl and became associatednster Review "Westm the writers in the Sl)cnccr. ito ILThave Littleton. on meeting convened Our Third the 22nd Jan. 1881. The presiding authorities ot the of the Stake several bishops, and others a semi-annu- al L,y-dilocal priesthood were present. Also Pres. atRich and Counselors, and a very good tendance of the societies and memW officers of branch Aeehef Societies were well represented statistical, financial well and verbally. And all seemed to.be doing comand feeling well in the Gospel. The only atplaint seemed to be a slackness in general last tendance at meeting. We havebuilt, this a yery seasoncompleted and .had dedicated for the nice substantial, concrete granary with. John otua" eSeD ""fo 4en 'iXTwork, low-tone- d, auti-biocrraph- y, -- Lien-an- d of oaily to &nm G.- H. Uwes, and Magazine" by whu dlj. pronL of rare and until REFLECTIONS. - "Blackooa TfnWe pubUshed' in 1859, that .TrmS" wi discerned that a new world at large word, and ESid of George W&3 nove-th- e tTa Elwtbeca, As I sit and reflect upon passing events my en on back many future, What are the Se present, and also for many things to we to exct? We look to the next five years, according the signs in pMUphers,' account of numerous of theso but have we not been told thhS that were to come, by our beloved Fro- 