WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 116 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EMM E LINE B. WEIXS, Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utah Pnblishftd Terms: One copy one year, $3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Telecopies for th price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to Bcmi-incmthl- -- y, regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a, m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Expokent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1881. HAIL, THE GLAD NEW YEAR. Fok all those whose paths lie in. pleasant places, the new year beams with light and gladness. For the wretched the sorrowing and the unfortunate, it has no charms, but awakens sadness. In this world there are times and seasons set apart as it were for special rejoicing, which help to fill to the brim the cup of human lhappiness. One of these is the opening of the "New Year. When one casts away for the time being, all the unhappy past, forgets all strifes and differences, makes new resolves before heaven and mankind, and revels as it were in the luxury of a new phase of life. It is, as if a new era were unfolding, in which all good were possible and all evil banished. And, indeed, it is apparently buried out of sight; and with undaunted courage one looks bravely, forward to the auspicious future, which fancy clothes in rosy light, with only neutral shading, and revels in the glorious days to come, which rise in vision full of a peaceful calm. Without thase seasons of respite, these days of active restfulness, life would indeed ie naked and incomplete. There are days that make recompense for years, and hours so burdened with joy that the consciousness of their rich fulness of enjoyment, outbalances life's multiplicity of woes. Men and women are like children at the beginning of the new year; it is humanity's great holiday, in which all join of every caste and creed. What .shall the new year be? Will it bring joy and sunshine to the home and heat? How many silently ponder and inwardly determine to make greater efforts for those the love. Each new year presents as it were a new book on which to inscribe one's record. The first page, in many instances is like the bright new book, filled with good intentions, high resolves and buoyant aspirations, which hold out hopeful promise. By and by one hindrance after another comes in the way, and blots and blurs; and irregularities in the precious record mar the beauty of the pages; leaf after leaf is thus destroyed, until dis-craged and despondent, weary with repeated fail ure,the spirits flag and carelessness and chronic indifference usurp the place of the noble ambition to improve and excel. A new era is unfolding. This is no fable, no idle tale; changes are taking place all around, which mark. the timo as one of peculiar signifi. cance. The world feels it perceptibly. Their wise men like those of old, put their constructions upon it, counsel together and decide the planets are in conjunction, that is one cause, it affects the earth, great sickness like scourges will sweep over portions of the earth, and many will fall victims to the powerful influences; these are some of their conclusions. Like the unbelievers in the days of Noah, they will not receive the word of the Lord from his prophets, but find; ou out a way of escape through the discoveries of menof science.God works upon natural principles, and what to men is marvelous, is no miracle with Him, but He reveals himself to whomsoever He will. The Prophet Joseph and the prophets of ancient days proclaimed the destructions that would come, when wickedness should increase, and the earth become fully ripe in corruption. Is it not coming to pass all around i day by day? Who has eyes to see and sees t not, or ears to hear and understands not? Over and over again the predictions of the raging of the elements and wars and rumors of wars, earthquakes in divers places, thunderings, lightnings, and winds have been prophesied of. Have they not begun? When was there ever such a record of shipwrecks and disasters by sea and land? And yet men will reason and attribute it to nature; acknowledging not God in His own works, in whom is all intelligence. Jesus preached faith and Paul said faith is the evidence of things not seen. " Without faith no man can see God," says the Scripture; but without faith no man acknowleges God. Is there anything important to do in the days now dawning through the new year just born? Undoubtedly there is. For all who have chosen the path of duty the morning of light and intelligence has been ushered in, and this is only another link in the great chain of destiny which binds the eternal ages in one solid whole. The work of salvation for the living and the dead in its sublimity and grandeur rises up to view, and the eternities beyond beckon .onward, onward all, who will listen to the promptings of the Spirit of God, whose voice is in the whirlwind, and the echo in the caverns of the earth. The gospel must be preached to all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people; Zion must be redeemed, and the waste places made glad. Are not these things being fulfilled in part? Where are the helpers; those who are willing to submit to the law of God, walking in the path of duty and trusting in his divine assistance. Is there work for all in the Gospel field? Even so. It lies all around on every hand. Each day brings sacrifices, temptations, and besetments, that one may draw nearer to God for guidance. There is safety in keeping God's commandments and walking in his ordinances.blameless. Stand not idle, the Meld is ripe and the laborers are few. How true this saying of the Savior, and how esSaints at pecially applicable to the Latter-da- y the present time. How few seem to realize the necessity of increased diligence and faithfulness, and the injuuetion of the Savior, "Love ye one another." This law of love is what will bind the Saints stronger than bands of iron. The connecting of families, through the chain of the holy priesthood, cementing hearts as .well as hands; verily the hearts of the children are being turned to the fathers, and the fathers to the children. Let us hope that in this new year many who now sit in darkness may be brought into the glorious light of the gospel, and let each one who has covenanted to serve God, strive to make a bright and clean record of good deeds faithfully performed; one which the angels will rejoice to record in the archives of heaven. ANNIVERSARY GATHERING. Thursday, December 23d ult. was the anniversary of the birth of the Prophet Joseph Smith, one of the grandest, noblest men, who ever lived. It was celebrated in the 16th Ward Assembly Rooms, with a gathering of many of his old friends and members of his family, and others who revere his memory, as the leader of the last dispensation. A sumptuous gupper was given at the former residence of Bro. Shadrach, Roundy (now deceased), a tried and staunch friend of the Prophet. The following named persons sat at the table: President John Taylor President Joseph F. Smith, Apostle Wilford Woodruff, Patriarch John Smith, President Elias Smith, Father Zera Cole,Bishops Frederick Kesler and Jared Roundy, President L. John Nuttall, Elders Joseph C. Kingsbury, IL Whitney,Lorin Walker and Wilford Woodruff; Jr. Ladies: Vienna Jacques, Phoebe Woodruff, Patty Sessions, Presendla L. Kimball, Mercy R. Thompson, Bathsheba W. Smith, Jane B. Taylor, Mary Ann Taylor, Emmeline B. Wells, Helen M. Whitney, Mary C. Whitney, Sylvia Lyon, J. S. Higby, Helen M. Smith, Sarah E. Smith, Mary J. Thompson, Eliza Kingsbury, Emma J. Smith, Jane Kesler, Elizabeth Kut-talDiana Reid, Lucy Smith, Elizabeth Davis, Rosina Peck and Beulah Woodruff. The party in the meeting-hous- e commenced at 1 o'clock. The hall was prettily decorated l, for the occasion; the portrait of the Prophet was hung above the speaker'8 Joseph The assembly was called to order stand. by Bishop Kesler, and the choir sang, "The morning breaks the shadows flee;" prayer, was offered by Elder J. C. Kingsbury. Choir sung, "Mortals awake with angels join," Sister Presendia then made some pleasing remarks in which she referred to the Prophet having taught her the principle of plural marriage. Joseph Parry then read the Prophet's "Address to the Green Mountain Boys." By special request President John Taylor sang ."The Seer," his voice ringing out Clear and melodious. It brought back to many present,tender recollections of the past. This hymn was composed by President Taylor and was often sung by him in days gone by, and also by Elder John Kay, who was one of the sweetest singers in all Israel. Mrs. E. Davis next read "T wo chapters of the Life of President Joseph Smith," written in blank , verse, by Sister Eliza, Zion's renowned poetess. Then came a grand march, dancing, etc., etc. President Taylor made a brief, but feeling address. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson read a poem composed by Sister Eliza, and addressed to President President Woodruff made a short Taylor. speech, and Mrs. Davis read "The Prophet's Address to the Nauvoo Legion." President Jos. F. Smith made a few appropriate remarks. Mrs. Davis brought in the birthday cake,she had was handsomely ornamented,and around o.ie of the pyramids, the words, "Joseph Smith, the Prophet, born Dec. 23, 1805." Before midnight, prayer was offered by Elder Mosiah Hancock, and the company dispersed. The party was an exceedingly happy and pleasant one. Many old veterans were there and participated in the enjoyment. The committee may congratulate themselves on its complete success. pre-pared- ,it ANNIVERSARY PARTY IN SlR 'GEORGE. By letter from Sister E. R. S. Smith, we learn of the celebration of the birthday of the Prophet Joseph Smith, in St. George. She writes, "The people of St. George and some fiom adjacent places, celebrated the birthday of the Prophet. There was a good turn out under the Circumstances; the rain, was falling and the mud interminable. The exercises were imbe pressively interesting, and the time never can as forgotten; also a gathering in the evening of many invited guests as could bo seated in the Hall in continuation of the celebration speeches, songs, sentiments, etc a short intermission, and George Noble, the first child born in plural introduced marriage was called to the stand and to the audience, and by request, made a short and appropriate speech allot the members of Zion's Camp present, were called up, seven m Be- number, Including Sister Mary Gates. 