r t 42 ,WX)H AsN ?8 v TV -- $1 Lately in looking over some of my did letters ) I founding written, by, fflYjmotherto herjtej mother who.brevious to marrying my Grandpa, tn wav hA Vrtki& w vv mil- hv the endcarin?o name Aunt-Fann- y, She was. of tIieiL.iiykgiii.the, . 1 "I Til n I wr. naa got Town, ol Winchester ccott 1 , thiiWonliSrurney rifc&'& MmBgVriv;' sou'rfwVtfhe'n iyrd Mason he was buried with Masonic' and ot tears. fileiiojourningan thishisvale will to the Kearts BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. 1 EXPONENT. r't hive mimy things to cheer and gladden our SCENES mNAUVOO. en Jefter: there tdg 'bck in oropanV with mi1 father' to pay a visit to his childVen in the te'bf New Yprk where he H' died BbytLiatet: Thi IcttW Contains items that matabvatf AN'ff f'l ' f The Lord is again revealing Churdi through his servant Joseph; there has .been a very lengthy revelation given of late "J concerning the5 building up of this place; also the different Quorums in the omjSXl there has been a day; uwih.Tbel2ird of.calUpgJi11.006 aday vodeb. IffltyLl. Dear Mdther-- I ahi gWdy to iW'irBnlf' y6U! pnce riiore that ftiukie,$tr, alive and as: coniiortable asiirhat yon are We had r'anticlpalfia iftuch1 pleasiffe' In?hiving a ' ' choosing I understand thatlhe revelation is to be read at theAprif dbiference, I nopeithat yoii willi be herfe.i: I miist noW elbee as I have promised Helen one page td write voir. Yours affectionately, Vilate Kimball. On the 6th, of April 1841 the corner-stone- s of the Nauvoo Temple were laid which I had the privilege of witnessing, it was a day anxiously looked for an A was ushered in byi peak of artillery calling together the Nauvoo Legion consisting of fourteen com and two volunteer companies of militia parisIowa. 'The military were first reviewed froiri ' by Lieutenant General Joseph Smith then the precession wa formed, and marched io the in the following order; which Temple : grounds ' I copy. Iftut. General Smith, Brig. Generals and coispicu-- . Law. arid Smith ous strangers, gen eral staff; 2nd, Cohortin-ifanilry- ) ladies? 'eight abreast, gentlemen eight abreast, 13t. 'Cohort (cavalry.) The oration as delivered by President Rig-doThe S.r E. cbtner was laid by the First Presidency; the S. V., by President DaniC Smith 'and . his Counselors of the High Priest Quorum; ther Ni W., by the High Council, re- presenting the' Twelve Apostles who were in Great Britain; and the Is. E., corner by the Bishops. Theast assembly then separated, the whole haVing passed off in harmony and no 'contention br discord having appeared." A great matir strangers from other parts were ' present on this occasion and all lost sight of their prejudices and entered into the enjoyment of it with the Saints. On thlstday of July my father with President HToung and Brother John Taylor arrived home from their mission; the families of the latter-whwere left in Montrose sick,were then' living in Nauvoo on the Flat enjoying a more comfortable degree of health. My brother, who was still living at the landing was the first to meet and embrace my father.' The Prophet and many more were there ready to greet and welcome them home again, Joseph would have them go home with him to dinner and William hastened home to tell ns the same; we thought this almost an Unkmdness foi it seemed so long a time to us who were waiting and watching with impatience to see him but soon we discovered "company of horsemen coming with all speed and when my mother saw them she made a hasty retreat behind the door to hide her confusion, where in a moment after father found her overwhelmed in tsars. Joseph it seemed had ordered several horses to be saddled while they were eating and by the time dinner was served, which Avas a hasty one, the horses were at the door and he with Brother Hyrum and three or four brethren accompanied my father home. My mother felt the presence of others at such a time almost an intrusion but Brother Joseph seemed unwilling to part with my father; and from that time kept the Twelve in Council early and late,and she sometimes felt nearly jealous of him but never dreamed that he was during those times revealing to them the prin-ctplc- s of Celestial Marriage and that her trials and sacrifices which she had flattered herself rfiG neav77e,r' had scarcel7 begun, and they realized the meaning of his words when sa!d "he was rM rolling off the kingdom from his own ihoulders on to .the shoulders of the aides-de-ca- ' vkitrom'Wth wraier bnih thla'haVeWr disfWlnV!:' 1 still. :h6 that;punrb6me:'!I : rites. Those of the Masonic fraternity marched next to the family to the grave which was in a little grove at the foot of the hill south west of the Temple. My mother's baby beings too sick for her to leave I went in her father in-t-he Mas stead and marchedwith-m- y for onic procession; and majrl bepardoned ' as we saying it, but when he gave me his arm ""Started from home that Sabbath morn. I felt justly proud of ike honor ofalJcingiYjth so fine a looking gentleman as was my father and not only that,but knowing tha his;constant humil-- i ty and fai riifii liess to hTs d u ty , h ad won for him the love and confidence of the Prophet and all who knew him.. Besides . the sorrowing family of Bro, Don Carlos he had a host of sincere mourners and I felt deeply impressed by the grand and imposing ceremonies that I witnessed that day. The Legion and a large procession of citizens formed.eai?, the Temple, and as they marched in slow order, house to the of the dead the Martial: Band with muffied drum beat .:to the notes of a dead ' .v.:'. march. ;: The following from Sister E. R.Snow's Poem describes the scene.. - -- . 1 thfl-Saihtt'h- Exponent, This letter is ' dated. ad and-sole- . Brb, John feGreerie's; hoWad J.had Ta wereaflaF 1 mp 1 "I gazed upon the grand procession, till It Hsappeafrd araid the dwellings which Stand thickly clnsterM near the river's edge. I listened ! all was still the music notes n. gopd''vlsifwitF tnfm-'btheVi34kuvkcahcy there, that ftevercari be" ut " filMjhi dav inatdear Sister Green'e wak hfrifiedi: I re-frrctted that vnu Ynnld not havfi ormr hpfnrp. sheetf, would have' been such 'satisfaction If No longer s6unded on the pensive breefce: Bat hark ! the notes awaken'd, and I saw The mighty hoBt returning with the same Slow, melancholy tread ! A hearse:was borne Along with solemn yet bold martial pomp, That plainly .signified, a mighty o$e. One of no ordinary rank, h&djajlen !, ! -- tiotispon' jpiirselfiabof tfdr . Prn(sure. that you would Jiav come had U'beeri'i ybiir 'pdw-e- r ; j(jGrfefie and;l jhad 'iaMf a good visit togeiHof sineejre herealtli so' : foe to' CbinmerceV although yet I wolild sit down by herpSdsicle and we would taker sweet counsel together. We often wished' thai' you were here juhh now g'one to reei ana we "w have 'potninb regrt but the loss of her w very She had everything gAt. lor ner comion mat sne could nave had, if Brother Greene iad been worth thousands and he is one of the best nurses in the you know ' Her! children were all as' kind as they worH, could be, especially. Rhoda; she merits praise front .yexy' lliolder.'' I never! kaw1 such unceasing care and, tenderness as she manifested for her mother during her whole sickness". "I 8hall'not be particular bwrite all the news as Evan and Susan can tell you more than I can write. I have not had news from Victor since any reoeiving those letters which I shall forward to you by Evan I ; - . ;so-cirtr'wh- ich cret f te , le heaia thk Winter. I received a letter from Hebei1 last week bearing date of Dec. 12th, ' he, and Briham arid the rest of the brethren were .usual W well, with tty exception of 5eo,re A. Smith, his lungs are bo affected that he raises blood; he is not able to The' ; preach. work w still Tolling forth in mighty power and persecution increasing as the work: advandes. Heber Bays if things continue as have for a Short time past, they shall beenthey driven from that JandTpJoseph has been afraid bf h by the spirit and ias written' for them to ' come home b the spring. He sayi make they will rrf-rri their escape and that is all". ' Hl have many anxious feelings, about them but 9tWH them into ih'4 hands bf the Lord ; shaU meet and rpjee opther. We 1 In the morning I remember that the sky had ! satisfaction .and arid : reconciled thknkful that feelvrfectly faflber wa rjthere instead' bf ere-- rlf He had : die here, perhaps children would have cast xeflectiops. Upon us ibr fetching 'him to this1 sickly country; so I feel thai it is all for '.the' s for inyBelf and family we enjoy best, whew ; ; . com-fortab- withao other wall Than the horizon' and o bthcV ftrch Than the broad canopy of heaven; shaded With clnst'ring botigns whose foliage waves around, Is rais'd an altar t6 the Utirig Ood. There the processiomarch'd; it halted there. And in the front of weeping relatiws, The hearse of him was plac'd who there in life Had been a fervent constant worshiper. His arms and armor on his coffin lay, And other swords than his lay crossing there, His brother olllcers, who forra'd witi him The noblest military staff our fair Columbia has to boast, were seated by, In shining armor clad." In nature's temple d r baveVrruied them with -- ; ; ' mn .". , fhls children Mili-ta- y Twelve. A few days after their return to Nauvoo the Prophet s Brother Don Carlos Smith died, and beni& an officer in the Legion as well as a Free . looked somewhat thretening but it cleared away until near the closoof the service, dark pjouds began to gather over the city and as the procession was again forming to follow his remains to their last resting place, the ram fell 5n torrents but this did not prevent us from standing by his grave while his brethren, one by one, deposited therein a green bough, as a last tribute of respect to one, whose life had been free from blemish, and whom Zion deeply mourned. 1 To be continued. GREEK MONUMENT. A London paper, "The Ladies Pictorial" announces in its last issuej something of the following: Probably it is well known that the Heart of Lord Bronr was buried at ; i, where he died, and now on that ; very a spot monument is being erected to the immortal Poet I It is to consist of a .Statue covered in Pentelic marble by the eminent Sculptor Vitalia of Syracuse; a large sura ,of money has been secured for the purpose and as the monument is intended to be a memorial of Hellenic gratitude to one who gave his song, his life for Greecer-rsonly Greeks have been allowed to contribute to the fund. ',8o Harold ends in .Greece his last Pilgrim,- -' . Missi-longh- , . -- o. ; : - IL ;K.: 