' ,.vi , ifir The Rights of the Women of Zion, Written after receiving the Bad news of a dear brothinscribed to my remaining er's death, and ail'ectionately Bisters. and brothers r to me the message came, On a dreary winter's day, Sent on lightning's wings of flame, From our Eastern hills away, ,  Thought, like arrow from its bow, Bore me back to childhood's scenes, Where, in the far long ago, We had roamed the meadows green, Ere we learned of evil days, That the future held in store; Ere we trod the world's rough maze, Through dark disappointment's door, Ere the separation came Of our little household band, When in plans of work or play, All united, heart and hand. Dear familiar names of yore, Now I call adown the line, Sloping towards the western shore :;: Of the boundary of time. 1 . 1 1 1 i yonrself-mustJnakejLliefortU- 1 ! , 1 ) ... , corn-tem- pt . . Cannot faith, or holy prayer, Weld anew this broken chain? Must we grope in dark despair, For the missing link in vain? May we not with weeping find Key to this mysterious grace, That gives sight unto the blind, Wipes sad tears from every face? Where is he, who faint and slow, Searched through wilds the lost to save, Bore earth's weary weight of woe, Rose triumphant o'er the grave? v Is the darkness so profound, Is the gulf so wide between, That the way can ne'er be found To those heavenly pastures green? Christ Thou tender Savior dear, If poor human hearts can bleed With such yearning love and fear, For the soul's extremest need, We eannot fathom the divine, Reaching round eternal zones, God hath said, "all souls are mine," Will not our Father save his own? Chilly drops of winter's rain, Sighing winds sweep o'er the way, Taking up the sad refrain Of our troubled hearts Oh, for faith that 1 xks beyond, All this doubting fear and gloom; Angels Hands to roll the stone Backward from the darkened tomb. y. L. M. Hewlixos. r- - to me, I grieved heart, trustingly appealed would dare to say, without hearing the other side: that person is not worthy of your friend"do not again ship; and I might say to you: throw pearls before swine." Now think with me for a little while. An abattempt by anybody to degrade hU neighbor, is better than solutely reveals that that neighbor he or she who made such an attempt You know the Savior said, that the measure be measured unihe "measure" that bred to us. Why? contempt for you, was envy, attempting to' put which is below you,to you on a level with that the judgment degrade you. How will then offender? His the (measure) revert back upon you on purpose attempt "enviously" to degrade his designs, reto exalt himself thwarted we give to others, shall again conceal: his own vealing what he wanted to ' . . inferiority. Do you see now how I dare to be so decisive a judge as above? and symIt is well your heart is full of love that pathy, but beware of that spongy softness,name. is afraid of calling a thing by its right you You cannot preserve your heart, pure, it and do not does it; tolerate sin! The Lord to obtain He wants us to be like him in order who therefore you ofhisgtory. Be careful Ask mother your take into your friendship. of your instances tell to you or your teacher their pearls before suffering sisters who threw dishonored, turned swine- - a"nd who in disgrace, tearsand back upon the road strewn with what they had to recmin (at least partly) lost through being entangled in bad company. that if we are fortunate enough.to I am Atchison, Kansas, December, 1SS0. Friday, the 21st insi, will be ihe anni- vtrsary ot the birthday ot resident iMiza R. S. Saints as Smith, known to the Latter-daZion's poetess.Sister Eliza will be 77 years of age. On f i most, ii-i- Op'nlng wide the gate of tears, Running riot through each vein, With an anguished sense of fears, Wrung from out the soul with pain. Spirit shrank affrighted back, As it viewed tho broken chain; upon the rack, Tortured with the "might have been." to-da- CONTEMPT. witlmit. P.Ypp.nt.ihii nllmvfiiwo Ia be made for all sayings of a profane world; jis I uoin its ideas ana us language can out iaintiy approach the expression of sublime truths. Like the poet it can "lead you .to the gate" only, in Thp Wnvmr said "On nnf tlirnw rAfirIi before swine. Kind young reader of woman's FiVPOXENT! I have a desire to talk a to you upon these sayings, and if I succeed little . r v in getting your attention i may tortiiy you against many an error; the victims of which may never tell you of their bitter and regretful sighs heaved in the silent night, where only angels took notice. You know that your "familiarity" with your kind,ioving intimate friends,does not breed for you, in those friends; but xm'the contrary, you become more and more attached and devoted to each othor, as your friendship gros older. But now let us see what this saving of a profane world, "familiarity breeds contempt" means. I do not purpose to introduce you to a nrnfjinp world, or make vou acquainted with refer you to Matthew, 13th its follies; but I will i i i Chapter, and ask you" to read the last in which you have the explanation. I will take the liberty to add "He, the Savior,left because he would not throw pearls before swine." Now T will suppose, my youn friends, that in the society you are qualified to move, even of the Savior; and, that your familiarity with in that 1 same.. persont should breed contempt, A1 but-your Startling throbbing heart anew, Turning all the visage pale, As along each nerve it flew, With its sad and mournful tale. ' - the Rights' of the Women of all Nations. - FAMILIARITY BREEDS THE SAD MESSAGE. " and- . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 15, 1881. Vol. 9. Yes, tt. - y W associate with our beloved Queen and love Mother Eve, we will have' an esteem but faintly can express. meetd &KWg, -- thiak a uttle more' No. 16. over what happened in the Garden of Eden; at the same time a dmitting that we know neither t)& extent nor intensity of the temptation to which she waexK)sed; neither can we measure her strength or ability to resist; but by reading the 5 first verses of Chapter u Genesis, we have the whole story told in sublime clearness and simplicity. Lucifer, the most cunning- Master -- Liarwho drew a third part of his brethren into rebellion against God, and made them believe that he ( Lucifer) was the superior of the two; this very monster appeared before Mother Eve in the Garden of Eden; "imitating" all the affability he recol- lected having seen in the Mansions of Glory; for if possible to elude aversion, and fascinate Eve, so she should not be able to discern the fraud. His first effort was concealment. Why? because he wanted to lie and deceive; for what Lupurpose? To prejudice Eve against God, cifer did know,that good eope cannot at once be brought to accept sin; therefore, falsohood and truths had to be mixed,(as in 5th verse) to warp the mind from good to evil, by prejudice: the tactical, infernal introduction to ruin and death. , In the 5 mentioned verses in the 3rd Ch.. Genesis, we see then how the fall was inaugurated in the Garden of Eden, disadjusting the minds of men, by prejudice against God, brought about by a professional liar for tlie; admitted, object of concealing evil; which sin. Through reveals consciousness of wilful to con"desire" the the gift of the Holy Ghost, reveals it, to the ceal, is the very thing which Children of Light. If as in the Garden of Eden, Lucifer conquers, then darkness reigns; ' and where darkness is exposed to light, prejudice is overcome. Whether then, as in the Garden of Eden, or as in the case above, if "throwing pearls before swine" is not studiously avoided, the same evils will be at work, prejudice and envy. It is sin versus innocence; and wherever you go, -- where these two factors exist, it is the same Garden of Eden. process over again, as in the the It is for the Saints to learn this lesson; have we but Lord will not destroy our agency to shun evil and choose good. Hermit a. A DAILY SACRIFICE. to obey is better than sacrifice, which is all very true where pronerly of life, we learn applied; but in the experience made be in order to there is a daily sacrifice to all came here accomplish the great will of to perform, that we might reconcile the ot fellow men to the noble reclaiming designs ; the Creator. of a reflectunderstanding the It is plain to superstition ing mind that through ignorance, human family the of and false education,many. dilsearch we unless sustain a great loss, and that produces the igently and learn the cause neither can effect, the evil cannot be removed, basis of success, man be placed on a more sure of failure. for ignorance is the progenitor to obtain And I believe there is no better way laws of this knowledge than to study the the laws of God, and acuain that will ourselves with the main principles of It is written that life-lab- or na-ur- SeSid e; the elevation and happiness faturc.peBeo traditfons and Idonotcon-SSlth- e teachings "extant 