WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 132 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT; Editor. EMM E LINE B. WELLS, Published semi monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Term: One copy one year, $2. 00-,- . one copy six months $1.X Ton copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one 00. A literal discount to time, $4.50: per month, advertiser?. regular Exponent Ollice, Lower West Room of the Cocm'cil Houe, South Temple Street. Business hoars from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to :. Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY" 1, 1881. WOMAN DEFENDS THE POSITION. Naturally one cannot help feeling a little indignant fit the course pursued by Gov. Murray in Issuing the certificate of election to Mr. Campbell who only received 1,357 instead of Mr. Cannon who received the overwhelming majority of If is not very remarkable that women 18,558. citizens who represent a large part of the votes of the Territory should feel nettled over the affair; it is well known that a short time previous to the election a mandamus was issued ordering all the names of women to bo stricken off the registration list, which would have materially decreased the number of votes on both sides and by that means the Liberal" party expected to carry the election. This little scheme did not succeed, the good genius of woman pervailed on that occasion and her claim to the franchise was honorably sustained. Yet this is one of tbe pleas made by Campbell in extenuation of Murray's official assumption that the votes cast for Mr. Cannon were the votes of women and consequently illegal. How very magnaminous! How everybody must admire this noble man, who to screen the governer must draw such a flimsy veil over him and throw the blame upon woman! How grandly Mr. Campbell heralded forth his nomination by urging women everywhere to vote for him, as their friend one who would take their part, lift them up, exalt them! How specially gratifying is the result! How magnaminous he stands forth in woman's It is strange how men will persist in the same course pursued ages ago, and cry "The woman did it," and the newspapers must fore sooth echo the saying "Woman is at the b ittomof the mischief," even though they do not Justify Gov. Murray. It is a great pity for Mr. Campbell that he should have manifested so little justice in an affair where he professed so much gallantry, for should he desire to be counted in by the ladies again, he would make a sorry showing. There is no doubt in the mind of any person that Mr. Cannon would have been elected by a considerable majority, had Maxwell's plan succeeded, and all the women of Utah been disfranchised. The population is comparatively small, and the people had nothing whatever to fear on that score by the disfranchisement of woman. It was not a question of the strength of numbers that caused the Utah Legislature to concede to woman her political rights, but because the very genius of "Mormonism" required it, and this truth will one day be recognized. Once having Obtained the right to the ballot, It is not likely that any woman valuing the blessing andpHvllege truly" as an American citizen, will be likely to look with any degree of complacency on those who would wrest it from de-fen-- e! old-tim- well-inform- ed non-Morm- on "Mormon' women vote on all religious question, on all political questions, on all social questions, in fact they are a "part and parcel of the body politic,' and are not "goods and chattels,'' not serfs, but free women, with the liberty of conscience and" of action. They hav; endured much, and are strong, not weak, and their daughters have inherited their strength of character,and are prepared with their brothers to valiantly maintain the position of their mothers on this question of rights and privileges. They are a strength and a power in the land, even without the ballot, and when men talk of helping "Mormon" women to free themselves from thralldom and oppression, they talk the veriest nonsense. "Mormon" women do not need their aid: with the same courage and fortitude, which helped them to brave the wilderness and desert, with their fathers, husbands and brothers, they are still endowed: their courage does not falter, and they are not easily intimidated. They trust in the arm of the Almighty and not in the arm of flesh. her. BIRTHDAY PARTY. In Ogden, January 21, the birthday of President Eliza R. Snow Smith was celebrated in a most appropriate manner. A social party was given in her honor by the officers of the presiding boards of Relief Societies and Young Ladies and Young Mens Associations of Weber County, Mrs. Jane S. Richarks and her Counselors having charge of the arrangements; Pres. Peery and Counselors, also the Bishops of Ogden City assisting very materially in preparations. The Relief Societies of Ogden prepared a free banquet. Invitations were issued to all the Bishops and Presidents of R. S., Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. A. in Weber Stake, to participate in the festivities pf the happy occasion. About two hundred and fifty persons assembled in Union Hall, and by invitation of Pres. Peery, Bishop N. C. Fly-gar- e made the opening prayer. Dancing commenced at six o'clock, the very best music having been provided. No numbers were issued, yet the most perfect order was observed by all. Pres. Wilford Woodruff and wife were present by invitation, also honorable C. W. Penrose and wife and Mrs. E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City. At about lialf past nine the company repaired to the 2d Ward meeting House, an elegant new building, where tables were set for the guests with all the choice varieties of good tilings which refresh the body, and two hundred ancf fifteen persons sat down to partake the bounties provided. Of the Quorum of the Apostles there were present Wilford Woodruff and Franklin D. Richards, also Mayor Herrick, Counselor Middleman, Hon. C. W. Penrose, Judge Williams and F. 8. Richards, Esq. The blessing was pronounced by Pres. Woodruff. Mrs. J. S. Richards was the presiding genius of the feast, flitting from table to table, anxious that all should be plentifully helped and faithfully served. It were worse than useless to attempt to enumerate the luxuries with which the"tables groaned." The ladies who waited looked charming in their white aprons, and very gracefully filled the onerous positions. Supper over, the company returned to Union Hail, where dancing was resumed; but soon Elder F. D. Richards called the attention of the audience, and read the reply of Sister Eliza to the telegram inviting her to be present, and in a most happy manner made a few brief remarks, regretting the absence of the lady. He spoke of the Inestimable worth of the one whose birth they were, celebrating, of her untiring labors in Weber County in helping to organize and instruct; of her great gift and talent In writing, which had ever been a blessing and comfort to the Elders upon their missions in foreign lands, to th . God, to the Saints in the midst of rsecutL ' and in fact to all; of her association .with th Church in early days, and the integrity he ha l maintained to the Gospel, that her example was noble and worthy of emulation the by dauhw of Zion. Mrs. E. B. Wells then read thepoem "Our Own Eliza Snow," which is published ou the first page. Mrs. R. Monch next read an address written by herself, in behalf of the sister and inscribed to Sister Eliza. Pres. Wilford W'oTJtlruff made the closing speech. Referred to his first acquaintance with the lady whose birth they were celebrating, her faithfulness and unfaltering energy in the Gospel, her extraordinary ability as a writer, and exhorted the young to imitate her many excellencies of character. He spoke in praise of the sisters' labors in the Relief Societies, and exhorted all to live lives of purity and obedience to the requirements of the Gospel. At the suggestion of Sister Jane S. Richards, the assembly joined in singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Coun. Middleton pronounced the benediction, and the company dispersed before twelve o'clock. Mrs, Richards and the ladies of Ogden who took part in arranging for the celebration, may with propriety congratulate themselves on the complete success of this public demonstration, and Aunt Eliza may justly be prcud of the honor shown on this memorable occasion, although her presence would have added greatly to the enjoy, ment of the evening. It was a flattering testi monial of the love and esteem in which she is held by the people of Weber County. HOME AFFAIRS. The second editionf the "Children's Primary Hymn Book" will be ready for sale in about ten days. Plenty of "Tune Books" ready at thi office. Sisters M. I. Home and S. M. Hey wood attended the Relief Society Conference of Davis Stake, which was held at Centerville Jan. 21, Mrs. S. I. Holmas presiding. The meetings were excellent and the reports creditable. The Home Dramatic Club gave "The Bank- er's Daughter" at the Theatre on Wednesday evening, Jan. 26, for the benefit of the Alta sufferers. The citizens of Salt Lake manifested their appreciation of the play and the occasion by filling the house. Sister Eliza's birthday, Jan 21, was celebrated in St. George with due honor, as well as in Og. den. Although in St. George they had the pleasure of the presence of this illustrious lady, and in Ogden we were compelled to supply the deficiency with a fertile imagination. Mrs. Et R. S. Smith has reached her 77th anniversary. She is healthy and vigorous in body and mindj and her spiritual faculties grow brighter as each year rolls by. Bro. Wm. G. Heberhart has opened business at the old stand of H. J. Richards fe Co. Bro. Heberhart is an enterprising young man and thoroughly, reliable as a druggist, having been disciplined in the business in his brother's establishment in Madison, Indiana. Since he came to Utah in June, 1879, he has been employed in Z. CM. I. Drug Department, until he Lought out the Richard's establishment. Bro. H. is an industrious and persevering young man, and worthy the patronage of the public. Mias Ada Dwyer of this city, a pupil of Prof. Hamill, the elocutionist, has been giving readings as a professional in Utah County. Her rendering of the pieces chosen produced quite a sensation, we are told. As we have never heard her, we are not prepared to express an opinion, 