WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 102 She passed away peacefully, surrounded by her relatives and friends, and was laid away to await the resurrection of the Just. "Millennial Star" please copy . Jane Bkotjgh. - TWENTIETH WARD PRIMARY. Editor Exponent. The members of the Primr? Association of the Twentieth Ward heM theirQuarterly Conference at three p. rn. on Wednesday, October 19. Opened by singing and prayer; after which the programme,, of recitations, dialogues, songs and instru. mental music, was carried out in a veiy con-elati- ng able-manne- Remarks were then made by Hrothers V, R. William Savage, George Romney, Salmon, T. B. Lewis, also Sisters P. L. Kimball and B W.Smith, each encouraging the children to continue la the good work they were engaged in. We are never happy in doing wrong, and therefore, if we wish to be loved and admired by all our friends, we must try to do rights. If we attend thes meetings regularly and ponder over the instructions we receive here from time to time we will have Joy and satisfaction; and when we grow up to be men and women, we will never regret the time we have spent here. Be faithful, and you will attain glor, not only In this world, but in the world to come. One or two of the brethren donated some candy for the children and some presents for the officers; these were distributed, and Sister Howard, with an appropriate address, presented to Sister Emma Toone, our a beautiful Paisley shawl, in behalf of the members of the Association, as a token of regard and esteem for W unceasing labor and devotion to the Primary cause. This was folio wed by a poem written for the occasion, addressed to our President, composed and recited by Miss Isabelle Salmon. Pr-'side- rt, Celia Sharp, Cor. Sec. B. R, Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. r. Charleston. Our Primary Associations here in Charleston are in a prosperous condition; we have two Associations here, owing to our scattered condition as a Ward. We gave the children the privilege of having a Fair, to encourage them and to bring forth some of their talent; it took place on the 3d of November, and was ably conducted by. the President and her Counselors. A few brethren were present and did, all in their power to encourage the sisters and the The Primary Association of Fillmore held their first Annual meeting 17, 1881. The children met at 2 o'clockAugust p. m. Singing, Open the door for tne Children." Prayer bv J. ,J Master R TJnsaM mv : . "are to do ,,V.V l he roll was resjwnded to by 154 ngni memnprs with. UMIUCUls aoii proverbs. Minutes of the previous Conference and annual report read and approved, followed by an address bv Master Bryant Hinckley in behalf of the Primary Associations., Programme of songs, dialogues and recitations, interspersed with Bible and card questions, winch were promptly answered by the children. The exercises were all rendered in a creditable manner, much to the gratification and enjoyment of the parents and friends .sserabled. vase.- were resen ted to the President and Counselors by the children with love and appreciation. ? ,V,. i con-eiste- J HinckIev "s d room. As this is the first thing of the kind that has taken place in Wasatch County, we thou ght it would be well to have it published in the Exponent, in hopes it may encourage others to go and do likewise. The Exponent is a welcome visitor. Sec'y. Spring viLLE. . Snecial mpptinor rf Poi;Af a a 1881' Skters E- - . S: Smith and favored us with a visit. Mrs. Ann 'ti " W ?n'c i i- -- - ?Sk If I fixed upon heavenly, thin! TheP lielief 1 ' tab gentlemenTmSm lQ til France; she France ! " I Want fi&Z'i W0l,,fl . Y yu' to ami d fF j "cate the daughtersof 435; total officers $2,572.49; wheat, tmf?'Jirty, du., 68 lb. Receipts: Cash, $148,174; property, $134.29; wheat, 68 bu, 11 lb, : To the poor, cash, $39.62; property $9o.27; Temple, cash, $16; property, Dis-bursemen- teW Stf Merrill. After the 7;, lue.m.1 resident andi.assistants in ed , . candv. cakes n.t, A dancing party wa given in the wlnH parsed of pleasantly, makin- - .. ,v,ning, .!.... 9 inrr w Kl iuc nu,ie participant. "5 Haxsf.v 1 Teachers, 75; members, and members, 537; meetings held, 104; average attendance, 135. Woman's Exponent u'Jw011 hand at date of last report, to-da- -- -- Report of the Seventh Quarterly Conference of Millard Stake, held at Fillmore, Aug. 18, -1881 B. M. Pratt presiding. Piesent on the stand, PresL I N. Hinckley and Counselors, Bishop J. D. Smith, of this city, and Bro. and Sister Yates, of Scipio. After the usual opening exercises the minutes of the previous Unferenee were read and accepted, Reports ot the different wards were also read, the condensed report, which reads asincluding follows : s. ' of. Millard. D. Bringhurstpresiding. After the usual exercises 8,ster R. S. Smith introduced Sister Margaret T. Smoot, who, in addressing us, said this is a time that we should be faithful, and cease onr Felt thankful that she was a handmaid of God, thought it a high and holy calling. Reminded us of the wX AFle& 9)ference of Utah Stake, to December Skter E. R. S. Smith addressed the sisters, saying: We have our duties to perform, and i The work of God is a work; we understand our duties progressive y better than we did a number of years ago. We can make professions or not, ust as we become joint heirs with Jesus choose; wecan or gather the riches of this world aroundChrist, us and die and be forgotten. We are required to keep the commandments of God. f care of your families with an eye .siSSe to glory of God, you are doing amuch an Elder abroad. g00.d as coui3 you beautify your hearts, will Do you impress upon your children's minds what they are baptized for when they are eight years old ? Send them to Primary meetings; arrange your housework so it shall not .interfere with their meetings. Should it take all our time to feed and clothe our bodies ? No! let our spirits always take the lead of our mortal bodies. Do away with selfishness. Plural Marriage will help us to overcome this faster than any other principle. God revealed this principle for our benefit; if we are ashamed of one principle of the Gospel, Christ will be ashamed of us. God bless the honest and faithful. I want to accomplish all the good I can in this life, overcome evil and gain a fulness of glory. Amen. Sister Felt begged the sisters to let Sister Eliza s words sink deep into their hearts; seek the knowledge of God Gather earnestly. your children around you; tell them your experience; teach them to honor the principles of God, polygamy not excepted, so we can come back into the presence of our Maker. Bishop Bringhnrst made appropriate closing remarks. Spoke briefly to mothers upon education, tithing and polygamy; begged mothers not to rebuke their husbands before their children. God preserve you. Amen. The President endorsed all that had been said. Primary meeting appointed that evening. Sinking. Prayer by Brother Wm. Xelsey. Ann D. Bringhurst, Pres't. Semira L. Wood, Sec'y. yond expectation. We must not omit to give due credit to oroiners Richmond and Price for the great pains they had taken in decorating the school- addressed f think ous to mention; suffice it to say we had from a full rigged ship to a baby's slipper, all homemade, the production of the youth of this place, also fancy cakes and loaves, made by the little girls, which, after exhibition, were readily sold For from fifty cents to one dollar each. Prizes will be distributed to the children according to merit. I might say that it will be quite a task for the judges, as everything was far be- Sarah J. Price, If ourselves. I want to secure to myself those family ties which are eternal. What is life) without husband, children and home ? If I do not attain to Celestial glory it wtll be my own fault; if I secure this, it will be everything to me. God is the first and last thing I strive to Opened with singing by the children, Joseph Smith's first prayer." Prayer by our respected Bishop, N. C. Murdoek. Singing by the children. Brief addresses were made by the presidents of the Associations and by a few of the brethren, which were all timely anoT good. The articles on exhibition were too numer- children, commending thorn for the ood order, the interest manifested and the advancement made; also gave them good counsel. WM August,V 1882. a eeS? are nadJournc;1 Ivmd hr every day. that help me? we must do these things for little folks. light-mindednes- Fillmore. of Zion, who are to be the mothers of future generations. We should make some progress - - te ' casn Sl'U; property, $2,734.62; wheat, 1,203 bu., 40 lb. Ihe verbal reports were, also satisfactory, showing an increasing interest, both spiritually and temDoral v . Excellent and appropriate instructions were 57 ose who Pressed the sisters, especially by Prest. B. M. Pratt, who is richly endowed with the Spirit of God, upon them to be energetic in the impressing their of discharge duties, and reminding Jhem of their responsi- bihties as mothers, in the 'minors of their children, that they guiding do not adhere to infidelity and other vices. Several of the brethren expressed a pleasure in listening to the reports and remarks of the sisters; gare g00d counsel and instruction. Adjourned till two P. M. Singing. Benediction by Bishop J. D. Smith. The afternoon session was devoted to the Y L. M. I. A., Lucinda Brown presiding. Writ- - 