W OMAN? 140, THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHSfELHTE B. WELLS, Editor. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S2. 00; one copy six months 1.00 Ten copies for th price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to semi-monthl- f h' J regular adrertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher "Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15,1881. THE NEW PRESIDENT. James A. Garfield has been duly elected and declared President for the next four years, by those empowered with the authority to officiate in that capacity. On the 4tb,of March proximo the inauguration will take place, and it is anticipated that the affair will be the most elaborate of any inauguration on record. The Inaugural Com. mittee are well adapted for the executive work necessary to make it a splendid success, and money is said to be "rolling in" liberal ly for all expenses attending it. Mr. Garfield is reported as looking worried and fatigued. It is desirable and needful that the President should come to his arduous and extensive labors fresh and vigorous in body as well as mind. It is to be hoped his friends and admirers will be sufficiently mindful of him not to "persecute him with honors"and attentions beforehand. The nation at the present time, if it ever did, needs a strong man at the helm of the ship of state, one who will maintain justice and equality for all cititens,irrespctive of caste or condition without prejudice and see that all are protected in their rights and privileges in accordance with the letter and spirit of the Constitution. OUR DELEGATE. Application was made in the Third District Court, Feb. 8, before the Chief Justice of Utah for a writ of mandamus against acting Governor, Arthur L. Thomas, requiring him to give a certificate of election to Hon. George Q. Cannon, who was duly elected delegate to Congress on the 2d of Nov., 1SS0, The petition for mandamus sets forth the plain fact in the case in a clear and forcible manner, and is signed, George Q. Cannon. Arthur Brown, Attorney for Petitioner, District of Columbia, Washington. Although an attempt has been made to defraud the people of this Territory of an honest representation in the Halls of Congress, it is to be hoped that the step now being, taken tore-adju- st the matter properly, will be a successful one; that men who honor the law and love justice may stand firm for the right, without bias from prejudice and misrepresentation. Surely, in a Territory, where the people have no voice in the selection of Governor and Judges, they should be allowed the privilege at least of a Delegate to Congress, otherwise their liberties are Indeed entangled. EDITORIAL NOTES. Patronize home manufacture by going R. to C. for the valenl Savage's prettiest and sweetest tines. Wer found one in our sanctum the other day artistic enough to satisfy the most ardenteat of true "lovyers." S EX PONE NT , Richard A. Proctor, the celebrated English Astronomer, gave two interesting lectures in the Theatre Mondqy and Tuesday evenings, Feb. 7 and 8. Ilia subjects were, Tfirs t; "The Birth and Growth of Worlds;" second, "The Life and Death of Worlds." He gave his ideas drawn from observation and long, earnest and diligent study of the heavenly bodies. In the Senate of the United States, Jan. 19, Mr. McDonald called up the proposition for the appointment of a committee to hear claims of women citizens, a request which had been made in February, 1880. He advocated the subject as a means by which women applicants for legisla. tion, etc., might be heard before the country t and added that he thought it was time they should be Heard. Mr. Conkling thought if the Senator intended to crown with success this movement, he should raise a special committee, and give it to understand its purpose was not to postpone forever, but act promptly one way or the other. Mr. McDonald preferred the proposition as submitted, because new rights and new -propositions would come up, and apprehended the subject was not one to be soon disposed of, but so long as the human family lasted, the rights of women would demand consideration. Mr. Davis moved to refer the resolution to the Committee on rules. Agreed to. Yeas, 26; nays, 23. And there the matter stands. Much gain in the cause of Woman Suffrage has been achieved In England during the past year. The important fact that the law enables women owners to vote at elections in the Isle of Man is a grand beginning. Women workers in the cause of suffrage are not laboring in vain; more and more their claims for woman are becoming recognized. Woman's Journal, Feb. 5, contains an account of the Twelfth Annual Meeting of the American Woman Suffrage Association, held in Boston the last week in January. This meeting seems to have been specially interesting. A public hearing was granted in the Green Room of the State House in behalf of the petition of the Joint Special Committee on Woman Suffrage. Lucy Stone, Chairman of Executive Committee, said the petition asked for three distinct acts of Legislature, viz.: "a law to enable" women to vote in presidential elections, a law to enable women to vote in municipal elections and town meetings, and a resolve for an amendment of the State Constitution, abolishing all political distinctions on account of sex. Mrs. Ellen C.S. Clawson returned,Feb.4,from her visit to the East. Mrs. C. was accompanied by her husband, H. B. Clawson, Esq. They left Salt Lake Dec. 15, went direct to Chicago, and from there to Washington; called upon Bro. Cannon, visited the White House, the Capitol and other places of interest, remaining there only one day. Mrs. C. visited her relatives in Canaan, New York and West Stockbridge, Mass., at Christmas time, and found all delighted to see her, after forty years' absence, and though only a child eight years old when she left her home in West Stockbridge, she recognized all the old places, and felt almost as if she were liv. ing over again the days of her childhood. During her stay in the East she succeeded in obtaining many items of the genealogy of her forefathers. Mrs. C. visited the notable places in New York City, where she spent some time and was filled with admiration more than she could express in seeing Greenwood Cemetery. Scattered through the States of New York and Ohio are many of the relatives of her family, whom she tpait some time in visiting. She spent one day at Niagara Falls, whose grandeur and sublimity impressed her as they do all the admirers of Nature's works, with awe and rever ence for the Great Creator. Mrs. C visited most of the largest manufacturing .establish ments in the Easther husband's business rei quiring him to do so, and she accompanied him She has enjoyed her journey very much and rJ turned in good health and excellent spirits. Wednesday, February 9, the President and Senate, Speaker and the House of Representatives gathered in the Hall of the House of Representatives for the purpose of counting the electoral votes. The called the Assembly to order and said "The two houses being assembled in pursuance of the Constitution, it became his duty as President of the Senate to open the packages purporting to contain the certificates of election of the several States of the Union. Accordingly the regular formula was observed, though the vote of Georgia having been cast on a day other than the day fixed for the casting of such votes by the act of Congress was not recorded. "The letters footed up at the close of the reading, and Senator Thurman announced that the whole number of electors voting were 369, of which a majority is 185. Had the vote of Georgia been cast on the 8th day o fDecember and counted, tne result would be for Garfield 216, Hancock, 155. Not counted, the result would be, Garfield, 214, Hancock, 114. "ln either event, James A. Garfield has received a majority of the whole number of electoral votes. The same statement was made respecwherefore the ting the declared James A. Garfield, President, and Chester A. Arthur, of the United States for the four years beginning March 4th, 1881." (Loud applause.) Vice-Preside- nt, Vice-Preside- Vice-Preside- nt, nt Vice-Preside-nt Vice-Preside- nt HOME AFFAIRS. We regret that some of our correspondents do not yet understand the necessity of sending their full name to the editor to secure the publication of an article. Initials will not answer any better than a fictitious name. "A family party was held at the residence of Mrs. B. W. Smith; in honor of the anniversary of the birthday of the martyred Patriarch Hyrum Smith Wednesday Feb. 9. Patriarch John Smith and Pres. Joseph F. Smith sons of the deceased were present, also Apostles John Henry Smith and F. M. Lyman. About thirty relatives, not counting the babies, sat down to a sumptuous dinner about 1 o'clock. The afternoon was spent in visiting, recalling old times and items of family historj', and in the evening after agreeable conversation and a general expression of good feeling a light repast of choice good things was partaken of and the company dispersed. General Instructions to Relief Society Secretaries: Hereafter Stake Secretaries will only require semi-annureports, which should be furnished them as'early as the 5th of September and March, to enable Stake Secretaries to prepare and forward their reports to Central Secretary by .the 15th, as she is required to give her report at President Taylor's office ten days prior to Genernl Conferences. These instruc-tiou- s are designed for organized Stakes in all the world. Times of making reports may be varied to suit the circumstances of branches in foreign countries and on the Islands. . Sarah M. Kimball, Central Secretaay. By order of Relief Society President. al Restect the Aged: On Satnrday Jan. 30, few of the sisters of the Relief Society in the 18th Ward of this city went to the bouse of Father Tucket as a Suprise Party; it being the 80th anniversary of his birth,they wished to ex , 