WOM AN'S EXP 0 K-thetrackless their uses in steering ships across We had also a drawing of the bt. deep Miss Julia Jasperson also George Temple, by little a collection of numerous insects ,by naturalist. Among other things on exhibition covers wax flowers, were.lamp mats, lamp children's clothes of different kinds, adobies, and other things, too numerous to mention. A well few verses written for the occasion were rendered by Miss Mary E. Morgan. The little ones also recited and sung, their fresh young voices rich and clear, making- sweet melody, and altogether we spent a very enjoyable day, the Spirit of the Lord enlivening everything around us. Sarah. Roberts, Pres t. CnnisTiNA Higginson, Sec'y. the Lord will remove the sickness from our midst, and not before. It was moved that we adjourn until 1:30 p. m. Benediction by Bishop Tanner. Afternoon session convened at the time appointed, most of the time being taken up by the Presidents with verbal reports of heir societies, each testifying to the faithfulness of the faithful few. Ma Smoot, as she is affectionately designated, said the sisters have a good excuse for not being at meeting at this busy season of the year. I am pleased with o r reports; I would like to praise the sisters for their good works, for I like to be' praised sometimes when I do anything that deserves praise. Let us improve our time, that we may not be too late to enter the kingdom of God. Our aged sister, Mother puke, made a few remarks, saying: While listening to Sister Smoot I have had peculiar feelings. I am getting along towards the grave; many have already gone before, some have gone since our last Conference. Where are their spirits? They are m ngling with those behind the vail; and we too will soon be there. The founders of Ibis latter-dawork are there; we have associated with them, they have traversed this earth without purse or scrip, sometimes without food, to bear their testimony to this generation; we are their sisters that associated with them in the eternal worlds, and we shall meet with them again. I am glad to mingle my voice with you in telling of the goodness of God, that the Spirit may flow from one to another. Your faces shine; the outside world does not know what we know. We are children of the Most High God, and Father"take3 care of us. Sister L. W. Kimball spoke in the interest of the Woman's Exponent; also notified those present that there were a few more of those homemade silk handkerchiefs for sale, Exhorted the sistere to pray for Sister 7Jua D. Young and those with her, and added, "May life, health and peace be your portion, is my , ( - L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. R. Utaii Stake. Minutes of the Twelfth Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah County, held August 25, 1881. Present on the stand, Prest. Margaret T. Smoot, Coun. Mary John, Secretary, Corresponding Secretary, etc.; brethren of the priesthood, Bishops Johnson, Tanner and Madsen. Meeting opened by the usual exercises of singing and prayer, after which Sister M. T. Smoot made a few remarks, and following Sister Snow Smith's advice, in having the sisters speak first, and the brethren, being the stronger, to follow, so that it we say anything that needs correcting it can be corrected. Said she felt thankful that our lives were spared to meet together again, while many had -- been called to pass behind the vail. Said, I feel to look up to the Priesthood, but I also love to hear the sisters speak. In my remarks I have ever enjoined it upon the sisters to be obedient to the Priesthood, so will never conflict. tey We have a great work before us; it is continuous, it will never Jessen. -- I do not feel to be tedious, and do not wish to take up the time., There are many called, but few chosen; let us seek to be among the chosen ones. Let us work out our salvation, even unto a fullness of y prayer." Ma Smoot said: While listening to my sisters speaking of the goodness of God, and speaking of the laborers, I think with Sister Eliza R. that the Teachers have the greatest burdens on their shoulders; we often ask for the prayers of our sisters; if we as societies, or wards, would make it a matter of prayer for would any particular thing we want, the Lord hear our prayers, for He has said where two or three meet together in my name, there will I that are be also. I see many faces here y aged, and I feel tender towards them, for I am one of them myself. Let us pray for one another that we may continue faithful. Amen. It was moved that Conference be adjourned Benediction by Bishop for three months. Johnson. -- glory, is my prayer. Sister Mary John followed with a few appropriate remarks, after which Bishop Tanner addressed the Conference, saying: I am in hearing the reports of the societies; pleased the lawe are that bors engaged in, with the desire to build up Zion, will tend to give us our reward, and God will sustain us, and without Him we can do nothing. Let our so shine that light all can see it. Let us be a blessing to the poor and cheer those that are cast down Jesus says love your neighbor as yourself. When we ?o to help the sick let is go in the name of Israei s God; and then we will prosper Bishop Madsen said: I have watched with interest these societies ever since I became acquainted with them;. even the name of Relief Society w sweet. In times of sickness and distress can you find a sweeter word than relief? Can anything be sweeter to the sisters in of sickness and trouble than to have times sisters come in to see them, with them bringing the Spirit of God ? and they will be sure to comfort and relieve. We should at all times cultivate the principles cf love and unionand then you would be always welcome, and the more strength you will have. I desire to live my and be humble before will we be saved .i3i3hJ(ihnL0n aid: U h trough the that we are enabled to me gether agaiu. I endorse all that has been dutie3 and Put our 5S fnd, trust of the doctors, aid then rtfru my.ty tt Jr tor NT. to-da- Caroline Daniels, Sec'y. HOW TO OBTAIN IT. Not a very intelligent caption I will allow; and I will also admit that the rhetorical rule, to requiring the first sentence of an article ha3 not is follow to foreshadow that which However insignificant it been adhered to. both for the may appear, there were reasons 3 unintelligent caption and for the equally uiitifltnrv sentence. Had it been headed mys-trmn- ' which would have conveyed an "Influence," , 1,1 ?i. .1 idea ot the burden or ine arucie,it uum uavo read proved uninviting, and few would have been even this far; whisjriad the first sentence consistent with the rhetorical rule above referred to, those who perused that far would have arrived at the conclusion that it was the same old thing they had read a hundred times, and which had been threadbare from the first. 1 1 - 1 1 87 While it is not my intention to moralize in this regard, it will , not be amiss if a hint known well among the Bohemian fraternity, Is dropped to literary tyros: Hide, a3 long as you can and still retain the attention of your readers that which you intend to say. The more mystery you infuse into your productions, of whatever nature, the better the great and intelligent public will like them. If there are any who dispute thw assertion, I have but to refer them, for irrefutable proof, to the thousand and one dodges resorted to, by the proprietors of quack medicines to secure public attention. A reader may suddenly become interested jn the description of a new disease, and find that it can be cured by Simon's patent swill; he will see that a buried city has been unearthed, and after reading a few lines, finds that the discovery of this lost city is like the discovery of great cure for all evils, etc. I he more mystery you have, the better your readers will like it. It is just as well also to remind readers, that they often miss many a jewel thought because the writer has beeif unfortunate enough to clothe it with a homely or threadbare heading. Readers should recollect that, as many a true and noble heart beats beneath a homespun coat, so many a bright and valuable idea may plod through the world under an old and despised title. I'm afraid-mpreface will be longer than my book, but here's for it. Peculiar people have peculiar notions about influence, and some people who are not peculiar ako have peculiar ideas about it. Nothing particularly original is claimed for the idea, but I ho d that influenco and confidence are so closely allied that it will take a remarkably discriminating mind to separate them; at least they are that closely allied for the purposes of this article. It i3 a popular idea that money will bring influence, and it is true; that power will secure influence, which is also true; but it is an ephemeral influence, which reflects HO credit on those exercising it. Influence, however, will win wealth and power; in fact, it is a power, as potent as any that can be wielded. In life the first thing to be striven to maintain it applies to children, to boys and girls, to men and to women, to all with the same force is honesty and uprightness in all things. These should be maintained for themselves alone; for, like virtue, they are their own reward. Ambition is an element in every life that is, every life not blighted too early by affliction, or by ignorance; and the gratification of ambition is the exercise of influence for influence is a mighty power. To obtain this influence different methods are devised by different minds; but I do not care how well laid the plans may be, upon what logical deductions they may be based, nor how carefully and fully they may be carried out, unless they are founded upon upright principles, they will fail. They may triumph for a time, but the foundation is of sand, and when the waves run high the sand melts away in tho ocean, and the superstructure falls a ruined mass,a monument, while the the memory of it lasts, to the folly , of tho designer. It is a common assumption that popularity is influence; no greater fallacy can be entertained. Popularity is of momentary development borne for one brief moment in the wind of public opinion, and then lost to all eternity; while influence, like confidence, is a plant of slow growth. Years are required for its roots to take' a firm hold, but when once it has become congenial to the 6oil, the mightiest hurricanes of envy, and malice, and hatred, tain. It is a rock of adablow round it-imant, a loadstone, attracting tho honest and the true. Nothing is so thoroughly disgusting' as the desire manifested on all sides, by men sought for and by women, for public notoriety, TaWfV Tfc . , n unuer ine imprtiuu tuaw 