and saving principles, that it would be well for the children of Zion to profit by; for all good cometh of God. And we should imitate the wise busy bee, that culls sweet from every flower, and as she fills her house with richness, so in fhp world, far there are. manv nohle we should store our minds with understanding, for knowledge is power; and it requires great will, power and force of character, to control and subdue our fallen nature and obtain self-governme- nt, which is the key to proper, family government. It is contrary to the laws of nature iror parents to bring their children under orderly and proper control, when they themselves will not submit to the order and will $f God, and the dictation of their own better judgment. Order cannot be brought out 6f chaos, or it is hard to do so. Often is the remark made by persons, when sorrow or trouble overtakes them, I have done the best I know how unin der the circumstances. True, yet oflen-time- s searching further we find a want of proper tuition, or a neglect to inform the mind of the most important principles pertaining to our own organism, or what the course to pursue to enhance life which must be learned and lived up to, in our every day lives, before we can accomplish much towards reclaiming the human family from their degenerate and fallen condition. In this there is a sacrifice to be made, for fallen nature revolts at the idea of being put as an offering, on the altar, of which Christ is the chief corner stone, crowned with the Golden Rule, that is "to do unto others as you would that they should do unto you," for the carnal mind is at enmity with God. See Romans viii, 7. How necessary then that the children of Zion, be taught, or obtain, a proper understanding of the nature and the designs of God in their existence on the earth,and toWtheyK.Mtgranted state to waste their ions - a probationary iiwittetifamaMiasb. of the world to the exclusion of a higher and morenoble aim in life,but leading pure and virtuous lives, that they may lawfully fulfill the first great command of God, for it is this blending together of the elements of nature and the spirit, that constitutes the noblest work of God, the soul of Man, each being endowed with an immaculate germ pertaining to the Deity, having the privilege of acting npon their own agency, whether they cultivate it or not. Parents should understand and teach their children true principles, for many sin ignor-antlnot realizing their true relationship to each other and to God. It is written that great things will be expected at the hands of the fathers. See revelation in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants. This revelation was given in the early rise of the Church, and if so much was. to be required at the hands of parents who were gathered out of the different denominations of that day, traditionated as they must have been, in the prejudices of the world, how much more will be required at the hands of those who have had the privilege of obtaining greater knowledge and a better understanding of the principles and designs of God, just entering in the great drama of life, clothed with the PriestHoly hood of God, having been born natural heirs to the sarae,untramelled with the dogmas of men. But I fear that there are some that make a stumbling block of offence of those who notwithstanding their preconceived ideas,have assisted to lay the foundation, in this the last dispensation, of the principles of regeneration, which leads to life everlasting and a fulness of glory, and are allowing themselves to run into skepticism,and the unbelief of the generality of mankind, claiming the weakness of others as as excuse for their own neglect and follies. This should not be, for the Lord will not justify any one in this course, except the accuser can and will do better than the accused. y, of Doctrine and Covenants. Our first parents had the fortitude to sacrifice their own liappified condition, to open the door to knowledge, that future posterity might have the opportunity to gain eternal lives in a higher and more exalted state of existence, by their adhering to faith and good works. And evil of a necessilv came into the world, that all might act upon their jown agency to choose good or evil and through love of gain "and honor of men,yielded themselves to the enticings of that wicked one, choosing darkness rather than light, until they have become what they are at the present day,full of selfishness, doubt and insincerity until the whole .world is burthened with sins of the most revolting character which are being winked at by many -- standing as it were at the head of our own great and enlightened Republic while virtue hides her face in shame and justice stands aghast shorn of his power to execute equity and judgment. Truly when the wrieked rule the people mourn. It is evident that such a state of evil cannot always exist, there must be a reform, and this change cannot be brought about without sacrificing false theories and traditions, for pure ,and wholesome principles, and educating the mind byr example as well as precept, to a higher standard of virtue than is generally Rpa rAvplatinn Rook so-call- ed required to form a respectable society. This being the case, how necessary for the youth of our people to become well skilled in both mental and physical accomplishments and vigilant in regard to duties, both sons and daughters, that they may not only make good citizens, but better fathers and mothers, than it were possible for their parents to be, under the circumstances. I believe there is a far greater and more responsible meaning in the appellations husband and lather,' wife and mother, than is generally understood, that unless both possess the requisite qualifications to honorably andtnily; tion, it is a mockery, "a" farce" in" the "sTghroT God. It is written in 2nd. Corinthians, be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers, for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness, and what connection hath light with darkness. This is good counsel, and a very true explanation, and we should look well to our ways, lest we be numbered with the unbelievers. I fear a great many that profess to be Latter-da- y Saints will be counted among that number, if we are to be judged by our works. It may be asked, how are we to choose thus wisely? I know of no better way than to ask God to enlighten your understanding, and study the grand "Book of Mature" and become familiar with her laws, then govern yourselves accordingly, complying with the principles of everlasting laws,by sacrificing in our every day lives our degenerate propensities and desires, and all else thatis detrimental to the advancement of future posterity; then let us not stand in our own light,by yielding to the fickle fancies of a moment,regardless ofa more noble object in life. Learn each other's true character,princi-ples- , tastes and habits, and see whether they compare favorably with your own true nature, and the laws of God. Be firm and true to your better judgment, and listen to the guardian voice of nature, who is ever striving to instil in the hearts of her children, her immutable laws laws that cannot be broken with impunity without condign punishment to the transgressor, and that is not all, the evil m sure to be transmitted in a greater degree, to future posterity. Much depends on parents, in regard to coming society, of which our children are the germ, that is to be instructed by example as well as precept, how to wisely and ! judiciouslyjmplant life-givi-ng and life-preservi- ng law both for body and mind, that it may never be erased from the tablets oftheir hearts in perusing the inexhaustible pages of'Nature's Hook, Ifand written, there, this divine asser tion, that "What manner of seed ye sow that shall. ye also .reap again. Ye cannot gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles," justly and wisely showing it does not all depend on the .soil as regards the kind and quantity of fruit and I believe produced, if one fourth earnestly of the time and means expended to improve the animal creation were as earnestly and zealously disbursed with the same view, to morally educate our young people (and old as well) and raise them to a higher state of humanity, there wrould be less cause for sorrow and regret and it would be taking a step in the right direction preparing to the ushering in of the Great Day of the Lord. Then let us be alive to our duties and"w4 ling to offer our daily sacrifice that we may be accounted wise stewards in the House of God N. A. 0. JESSE BURNS, OR, Was it Fate? A Sketch of the Exodus from Nauvoo, and early Settlement of Utah. Ihe CONTINUED. All at once a cry arose that electrified the people, and rang from ocean to ocean, from Luke Superior to the Gulf of Mexico. It was gold! gold! It had been found on the coast of California in such quantities that the whole country felt the thrill of excitement. The mechanic left his work shop, the farmer his plough, the gambler his den, the speculator left his stocks and bonds, and all rushed, pell mellf far the gold fields. Jesse too caught the fever; why should he not hav gold too? It was not for hi own comfort, he told himself, but for his v.ife , and.;; little HT"---- ftU(;iuit imr. matmKx wonuiy nonor, out ior comiort ana napprrresr Give me not riches, the prophet said, lest I grow proud and deny Thee, nor poverty lest I grow covetous and steal. So Jesse felt that he did not wish to be a rich man, only to gain a competence, and comforts for his old age, and it all seemed so easy when he could dig it up out of the ground in great yellow nuggets and scales of yellow gold. How .many comforts it would bring for his darling Mary, how much might be done for his" sweet children! A little gold would do all this, and he had only to dig it out of the ground. There was much to overcome before he could do all this, but his will was strong and he could endure much with such an object in view. With a' mind full of bright anticipations he provided for his family the best he could in so short a time, and joined the company that was starting for the Eldorado the land of bright dreams and bitter disappointment, of gold and of crime, of sunshine and shadows. He kissed his wife and children goodbye and started; Mary watched him out of sight, then embracing her children she turned into her cabin to sit down and cry. She was not of a sanguine temperament. She was always ready for an emergencyand made the best of present opportunities, but had no very bright anticipations for the future. She favored Jesse's idea of building a sawmill, for she knew that lumber would be a staple article, and in good demand; if emigration continued and good crops were raised they might succeed in making a comfortable home. But this dream of gold was a far-of- f thing, the chasing of a phantom, something too bright for reality. Jesse was gone, her husband, her protector; she was alone now with her little helpless children, in that lone cabin in the woods; with the wild beasts around her, and, the hiss of the serpent in her path; alone in her helplessness and her poverty, with no kind voiceto cheer. her, no strong hand to , 