s - - l'.I... JUL" - 'WOMAN 'S' EXP 0 N Vice-Admir- al - . tion: "Life's race well rnn, Life's work well done, Life's crown well won;' Now comes rest.' ; m for-gotten- ;" , The morning opened cloudy, but by 8 o'clock the sky was cloudless and the day a perfect one throughout. The streets were thronged with surging crowds. It seemed as if Cleveland was. in the centre of Jthe world Every Individual that contiibuted to compose the '"largest crowjl that was probanly ever assembled in Ohio, seemed to ftel this Prom the great public square in the central part of the city to the hills and, solemn dales of Lakeview Cemetery, a distance of six miles, there was a continuous wall of people on either side. The funeral train pa&f-enearly thetwhole way along that magnificent broad and grand avenue which the great American traveler, Bayard Taylor, pronounced the finest In the world. The abodes of luxury and wealth on either sido appeared heavily draped in the habiliA favorite view Which ments of mourning. took of Garfield humanity was that of the great was often heard by bis frienns to Pascal. He compare the nation to one colossal man. Wei e he alive again, and could lie haveeeen crape of the entire country that day, on the he would have been better eatisfied with the 'truth of his favorite illustration than ever .before. ' He; would bVe eee the eoJoJ mmn with uncovered head, bent in tears and inconsolable in his grief. The modest unassuming wife of the President desired no display, bu t her (lead husland is ''glorious now and tamed,'' and the people must give proper expression to their great grief. She remained away as long as icsibJe from the park devoted to the obsequies, and her grief seemed only aggravated by. what was dune there. A mass of anxious people sixteen years ago in the same plate beheld the form of the time of excitemartyr Lincoln. That was a took but a spark ment and of war almost,1 and it crowd of that day, the But fire. a to ignite great before in the ever than was far while it greater seemed and solemn docile aud only city, was desirous of contributing its small mite toward properly burying a dead hero in whom it bad more than a passing interest. at the paPromptly at 10.30 the ceremonies of the members immediate vilion began. The seats :tcok frieflds family snd near relativesaud stawas Teach corner about the cas k t, and at each of tioned a member nf the Cleveland Grays, whomtood like a statue during the entire promembers about the gramme. The committee cloakedin crape, their were 'almost pavilion The exercjeea opened draping being very heavy. Vocal Society Cleveland the by the singing by of the "Funeral Hymn," by Beethoven, as door-pos- . " uniques-monogra- to-da- ! the-,ape-x " Everett,' of Cincinnati,' then delivered ah eloquent address, taking for his text, IX Chronicles, xxx ill, 23, 27. This is a time of mourning t! at has no parallel in the nistory of the world. Death is constantly occurring, and ' every day, and every hour and almost every moment, some life expires, and somewhere there are broken hearts and desolation, but we have to adopt morality, and we stay a moment and drop a tear and away again to excitements and ambitions and forget it all. A man is called that plunges a large community in mourning,jnd sometimes whole nations t mourn the Iofs of a king, or a wise statesman, or a friend, or a great philosopher, or philanthropist or a martyr, who has risked his life on the altar of truth and won for himself an anxious immortality among the sens of. men; but there was njever' a mourning ih all the world like unto this mourning! T am not speaking extravagantly when I say it far surpasses the result of calculation carefully made from such data as is found that certainly not less thjah 300,000,000 of the human race shared in the sorrow and lamentations that belong to this occaIts rjiercing chill has extendsion here ed itself into every home in all this land, and ;into every heart, and that has projected itself over vast seas and oceans into distant lands, and awakened the most sincere and profound sympathy with us In the hearts of good people of all nations and among all people. The whole discourse was eloquent and expressive and was listened to with most earnest attention. .; f The Rev. Tabez Hall then read President Garfield's favorite hymn, which was beautifully rendered by the vocal society, beginning: i! - -- -- 71 a' card markM,' "With the Sympathies of the 15 Wahington4ouneil, True United Americans;" a crown over a pillow; a floral urn; a broken column of. tube rosea,, from Joseph Perkim; an urn; a large dove perching upon an anchor and a crown; a large broken column on a pedestal; an open book, inscribed, "Thy Will Be Done:" a lyre and laurel wreath; a wheat field with wueat ' in the corner, and the inscription,'."Gathered;" a column as a headstone of a grave, with the inscription, "Garfield, a Bearer to Posterity;" a large green ctohs with a wreath; an anchor, chain and a motto, "Rest in Peact ;" a floral representation of the gates ajar, and a withered, broken column. Because the pavilion decorations were not entirely finished, none outside of the committee were admitted to the pavilion during the night. According to the wish of the widow, the casket was not opened, and when the lines were opened to the public, (spectators nad to be content with observing the casket with the portrait at the head, and the inscrlp General Swain, Colonel Rockwell, PrvEoyntOn, Young and Mtt Judd. Stanley Brown, Warren cabinet and The third carried members of the of the Justices their wives, ex.fresident Haye clerk of thief Supreme Court and S. A. Brown, car fourth the the state department. UponGenerate Hancock, Shermaaand General were Admiral Porter, ami Sacket, Meigs, Drum Rowan, Commodore English, General Wales and Pay Director Tooker. The fifth car bore the remains, ihe President ahd a military guard composed of six soldiers and a sefgeant, tiom the. Second Artillery. The funeral train arrived fft Cevelandat 1:12. There It was met by.au immense concourse. took ladies carriages. was no onfusion. The Mrs Garfield was supported by. Secretary Blaine, and Harry Garfield was the guest of Jas Mason. Mother Garfield and other, relatives weie at the house or Gen. Sheldon. The body was taken from the car by a detachment of the regular hearse, army in uniform, and borne jto $ special Genof honor, a followed by distinguished guard erals Sherman; Sheridiu, Ulancock, Dunn, Meigs- - and naval officers, the Su prema Court, large Cabinet, Governor Foster and stall; anf a-- route number of army and navy trpopS. The takes down Euolid avenue, and the remains were placed without ceremony In the pavillion to lie in state in a bed of flowers. The catafalque on which Garfield's remains laid in state occupied the centre .of Monumental Park and was imposing in architecture A platform was erected and dimensions. five feet six inche above the ground, approached by a gentle incline; from the east and west. Upon this equare, was a pavilion, covered by of which was a large a canopy, at stood the figure of an which globe, upon of, blessing,,, attitude in the angel represented In and sorrow hands extended the benedictiye love, over: the mourning throng below. Its wings were extended, the snowy tips approaching above. Dimensions of pavilion main part, 45 feet square; on each of the four eidea an open arclu24 feet wide and 30 feet high 'y the canopy tapered to an apex 72 feet above the ground; globe nearly five feet in diameter; statue, 24 feet in height, its wing tips being at a total altitude of 98 feet above the ground. The keystone of each arch was an eagle decorated with the emblem of mourning. The four columns of the angles of the pavilion wre surmounted by minaret 22 feet high, fashioned of festooned flags. Projecting from each corner was a magnificent banner. Around the entire pavilion was a decorated cornice. The whole structure was profusely festooned with black and white drapery blended with artistic simplicity. Florists impoverished their greenhouses in These were furnishing floral decorations. most elaborate. Laurel wreaths filled up the niches in the structure. Draped cannons were at each corner "of the platform. Imposing projections were constructed at the base for this purpose. The cat ket containing the remains was plactd in the centre, of this pavilion, upon a slight elevation arid guarded by a force of soldiery. The casket was placed by pall bearers on the dais underneath the canopy supported by four gilt Egyptian columns. Pn account of the feelings of the widow the face was not exposed,-buinstead was placed an admirable copy of a likeness taken by J. T. Ryder on Garfield's re turn from the Chicago'' Convention, a most natural portrait. On the shelves of the pavilion on either side were a multitude of floral offerings, conspicuous among which were a cros "from Erie Commandery Knights Templars, inscribed iu. flowerets, ' Garfield," a emblem with an Inscription in flowers, "Detta Ipsilon fraternity to the memory of our brother;" a floral piece surmounted by a dove with the seal of Cincinnati wrought hr blossoms, "Juiai a J piece from Washington, in elaborate design representing the gates ajar; an open look with ."God reigns," iq, roses; a broken column from Washington, a 'cross and a crown; an exquisite piece from; Cincinnati, representing a field, a broken wheel, a heaf of wheat and the motto, "The harvest is over; a floral standing scroll surmounted by a white dove; a floral pillow, with "Rest in Peace," similarly 'wrought; a magnificent -- floral , representation of a ship stranded and dismantled; an "open "book with a cross and dove; a pillow stirmounted by a white dove, and "Our Martyred lTesident," inscribed; two handsome lyres; another broken colurnnjtwo ahtefcls; another anchor and a crossy at -- theOMwe of which is the Inscription, "Gone, but not a scroll with 'Peaee" worked In buds; lyre, pillow anilthieia aljroken column, with NT. t r . " -- thee, - . ."'lW sorrow and darkness encompass the tomb, The Savior has passed thro' its portal before thee, And the lamp of His love is thy light thro' the gloom. then read Passages from thaScripture were of the by the Right Rev. Bishop Bedell, ...... paldioceeeof "Man that Ohior is born of. " "and full of trouble, v;. . a woman i ,, , ,, is, of few days, .. like a flowef, ana .l:(He cometh forth a shadow, and aH also down: flie fleeth , Is cut continu-lethiioV'et- ; .''r ils: " c. ,J' ;pasto5:ofJ..tho 4iThe iBen Rosa Or:Houghton; Chsurch,vthen ollerea up piayer ME. First ' The, At this point the vocal society sang, MXp Oh XorJ,T yield my 'Spirit," etc Rev. Isaac "Ho! reapers of life's harvest, Why stand with rusted blade, Until the night draws round thee And day begins to lade? President Hinsdale of Hyrurn College, made a short and impressive prayer. Dr. Chas.T. Pomeroy delivered the final benediction. Then the Wafehington Marine Band played "Nearer God to Thee." The funeral procession moved from Monumental Prk at 11.55 o'clock. The time occupied in moving the casket from the pavilion to the funeral car was about 15 minutes. A corps of United States marines from the steamer Michigan formed parallel lines from the ast side of the pavilion to the east entrance to the born ?n the casket park through, which the shoulders of United States artillerymen, under the command of Lieutenant Weaver to the funeral car, followed by mourners, who took seats 14 the carriage. Grandma Garfield bore the services remarkably well, as did also the widow of the President. The only incident which occurred at the pavilion was the request of Grand ma Garfield for a drink of water. "Many people construed this as an indication that the old lady was faint, but such was not the care. their carriages, the mourners ove dr hurriedly back to avoid another shower which threatened. Tke military, and Masonic escort left the cemetery in the same order in which they entered, and kept in line until the .'catafalque was reached, whee they were disof the missed.' General Smith, adjutant-generas a as the body Jong State, will furnish guard reriiains in the vault The sexton thinks It will be but a few days until the final interment takes place. "Mrs; Garfield, while at the cemetery, said she did not think there was sufficient time to prepare ' the grave for interment, and the caket wa therefore placed in a vault at the cemetery. At 10 o'clock Jn the morning there were 5,(K)0 on the ground; at 12 o'clock the Fourteenth Ohio National Guard, 500 m number, arrived and cleared the grounds 'of all strangers, and no one was allowed to enter until the fuueral party arrived. At the vault were Company D, o( the Fourteenth Ohio N. G., and a number of ladies engaged in trimand draping the vault In deep ming the 'dais j Th dais used to lay the coffin on black crape. -- , al ' not deplore ' , -- - wIH " my ts follows: Thou art gone to the grave, but we yv - In the vault was covered dth "velvet, trimmed with; black broadcloth and deep black fringe. The pathway from the carriageway, where the ' cortege stepped Into the vault was covered with cedar-la!- d JawnJ neatly sewed together." On the top of this was scattered white flowers, immor-.telietuberoses, etc; right In front of the gate at the cmtrance to the vault was spread a large piece of carpet covered with tuberoses and other white flowers. This is covered oyer . with a . s, 'caridpy df deep' black broadcloth; Just outside the vaulttthate,1 tliere wasr aj;roWnipf e!fl- gant white Sowers placed With llie motto, fMeaif, but not forgotten." It was from.tber Bolivian delegation. 