WOMAN'S EX PON Eft TLZ SOMEWHERE. "Fath said the Mormon convert, "You kuow notning ot the inner life of that religion which the world is pleased to call 'Mormon-isor you would .not, pu could not oppose it; the very spirit of that Gospel which Jesus taught is incorporated into every article of our faith." "Your faith," replied the father, "is man made; Joseph Smith was a money digger, profligate and profane, pretending to have s and the visits of angels, even of our Savior Jesus Christ himself:" "Father, you have listened to the voice of the enemies of Joseph Smith," replied his eon, "and not to his friends, those who know him, who have received the Gospel he was the honored instrument of restoring to man. Were you to listen to the enemies of Jesus Christ, he was 'a gluttonous man and a a friend of publicans and sinners.' You would not countenance the acts of men who stoned Stephen because the heavens were opened to him, and 'he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up steadfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God.' You used to tell me, years ago, that 'Jesus is coming to reign on the earth,' that 'the prayers of the Saints are to prevail and to be answered,' that 'the kingdom will come, and his will be done on the earth as it is in heaven.' How can his kingdom be established without his authority ? How can his will be done on earth 'as it is done in heaven,' unless the plan is revealed from heaven ? Surely you will concede to Jesus the right to restore the Gospel.and that He had the right to choose his own instrument. Joseph Smith was a man , of large faith in God; he prayed for revelation from heaven, and God appeared to him, with his Son Jesus Christ, and the authority was given to Joseph Smith to organize the Church of Jesus Christ upon the earth again, as it existed when established bv Jesus. As to the humble position occupied by Joseph Smith, and his lack of the learning of the age, the Jews Ikjo adowa the shadows of longyears, The faint, dim outlines of a dreamy land, And glit'ring thro' the pearly realm of tears, There seems reflected on that far-of- f etrand, The keenest hopes and joys my li'e has known, And 6ilent griefs, which I had borne alone. I drcara'd not that the passion of an hour, Conld leave its impress in the realm of space, Or that an angel hand had skill and power, The ideal picture of a life to trace; And trne to realistic thought and fears, Preserve the record of the hidden years. - the laying on of the hands of the Elders; and although I have been met and opposed by some of the missionaries of your society, as have many of my brethren who have been engaged in preaching the Gospel, I have rejoiced in ray labors, I have- - realized that your prayers have been answered in my behalf. And when I came. to tell you, at my last visit,rthat I had received the truth, it was that I might cheer that I had your heart with the glad tidings " ! heard and obeyed the Gospel To these conversations bet ween the missionary father and his "Mormon" son many listened attentively, and very few became angry; when the love of God fills the bosom, and the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, takes possession of the heart, there will be no tendidency to hate. If no other good can be rectly traced to these interviews, ever afterwards the "Mormon" missionaries, in going forth to preach the Gospel in the streets of London, they were not opposed by the brethren of the London City Mission. Could, we but icalize the breadth and comprehensiveness "of the Gospel, we should all see work, to the necessity of, this great Latter-da- y bring to pass the purposes of God, as made known to the ancient fathers. "In thee, and in thy seed, shall all the nations af the earth be blessed;" this was the promise to Abraham, and renewed to his offspring, tho ancient patriarchs. This is why God has again spoken to man, and sent his angel to carry out his dehuman signsthose of blessing theof entire to fathers the family, "to turn the hearts the children and the hearts of the children to the fathers." Such is the work begun by the days, and it Prophet Joseph Smith in these will be carried on to its final consummation! m reve-ation- We know not all the mysteries of earth, Nor how with good and ill our lives are woven; We cannot solve the secret of our birth, Much less reeall the sciences of heaven, Nor what we saw, and heard, before we came; We do not even know our former name. wine-bibbe- And yet somewhere there must be silent force, Which acts upon the soul with snbtle skill; We cannot see the process of its course, Nor can we bend it to our feeble will; But true to life, reflection there will be. And sometime, we shall know the mystery. And those who've suffered most, and silent kept, Will see in that bright mirror, heaven's blue, How wrongs and evil doings which have slept, Will penetrate the heart of ages through, And in the light of an eternal dawn, Expose the pictures, which our life has drawn. r, . Emile. LIVING LINKS: OR SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BY AVONDALE. CONTINUED. Is it not strange that professors of religion, wim call themselves Christians, should Derse- 3c persecuted the disciples of Jesus Christ anciently, whom they called "Christians," as men now call his followers in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints"Mormons." Strange that history should thus repeat itself so exactly ! Mr. Missionary Unipod had an intense antipathy to the followers of Joseph Smith, without knowing the reason why; in this resDect he was not alone among professing Christians. The conversion of his son to "Mormonisni" only increased the zeal of this gentleman in the direction of antagonism to the obnoxious Latter-da- y Saints, of which spirit the missionaries subject to his influence naturally partook. "Could you not find any denomination of Christians to ally yourself with without going to these 'Mormons ?' " asked the missionary of his son, as though the Mormons were not worthy of the name of Christians. "These Mormons" was spoken in a tone of derision, which the good man would not have indulged Saints in had he known that the Latter-da- y are believers in that same Jesus Christ that the missionary himself extolled so highly that ' same Jesus who in his day was hated, as were his followers, for the truth's sake, and at last slain for the testimony of Jesus. y The Pagans were heathens who lived in the days of the earlv Christians; they were the last to receive Christianity;. Pagan sacrifices were denounced by edict in 885 (by Tbeodo-sius- ) and the heathen temples closed, their shrines and sacrifices were abolished. But Pagan ceremonies were revived in the Christian churches in the beginning of the fifth century, and with them the dark ages of Christianity were commenced and perpetuated. Then Christianity become a fashionable religion, as it is in various forms to this our day. W To be Continued. ESSAY ON THE WORD OF WISDOM. The Word of Wisdom was not given, exgave pre4p advice to his children,thetheLord g&meaJT" it more as adour fathers or mothers would give us good wc would vice, telling us if we would observe it be blessed. It is said that the Saints who do blessed with health keep this principle will be and strength, and shall find wisdom and treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures, and the destroying angel shall pass by them. In the revelation it says it is a principle with of the weak promise, adapted to the capacity and weakest of all Saints, who are or can be called Saints; therefore, it seems to mo that there is not one of us but what can observe this obtain the blessings promised it I have read that the Lord tells his we try servants to do nothing except He gives them and I believe power to do it, if they will obey; lie would not tell us to do anything except it have heard many would be for our good. etc., people say they cannot give up tea, tobacco, with but I know that it only requires the will, the faith that the Lord will help them (which I know He will if they ask Him), and think that it is only for their own good. I believe the more Lord is always ready and willing to bless does He than we are ready to receive, and that we are bless more than we do really thinkr but to the opposite always more ready to listen there is one spirit. I seems to me where two to do spirit evil, to do good, there are always to which keeps us always striving and trying M. A. L. overcome our weakness. J esus; they against priexuiiuil4?vrsv tnfe kWweth" his authority:'v'iiow challenged ;s.muA!entvbut ' man letters, having never learned? Jesus answered them, and said: 'My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. He that speaketh of himself seeketh ' his own glory; but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.' The Prophet Joseph Smith always honored Jesus in all his ministrations; he never took dory to himself, but gave all the honor to God." "What a pity it is," said the missionary, "that truth is embodied in this that deceives the igno- so much beautiful 'Mormonism;' it is rant and unwary." "Father," said the Mormon convert, "it is a heavens before system of truth, planned in the huthe world was, for the salvation of all the man family." "Well," said the missionary father to his Mormon' son, "I believe you are sincere in your I have prayed religion, and I will pray for you; for you for years, vou have been remembered be at the Throne of Grace, that you might the truth brought to the knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus; that you might be able to assist in the great work in which the fellow missionaries are engaged to preach Lonwith me in the Gospel and be numbered don.City Mission." the "Father," replied the son, overcome by his of in the word8T spirit of love manifested answered; I have fmbrthePGJspel,I have liltedthis .up my reat of voice in the highways and byways on men to .have faiA in metliB,in calling of our Lord Jesus Christ, to repent God and the remission of their sins and be baptized for Ghost by in to receive the gift of th Holy 1 I " . The National Woman's Suffrage Association Ire-m- ont will hold its Thirteenth Anniversary ?in and Temple, Boston, Mass., Thursday Friday, May 26 and 27. Mrs. A. J. Crocheron's book of poems, Flowers of Deseret'w now in the en-titl- ed "Wild hands of the printers. 