WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EIXIXELIIfE: B. WELLS, Editor. In Bait: Lake Ulty, UUh PnUiahed UTenns: One copy one year, $3. 00; one copy tlx months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to wml-monthl- y, regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. verr day except Sunday. Address ail business communications to Publisher Womaw's Expomnrr, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. OCTOBER 1, 1581. A WHOLE NATION MOURNING. It would -to menlittle folks, and incon- be utterly useless to attempt - . It ployments. Industry is the road to wealth, and to honor as well, and the children of Zion have much to do and may they be able to do their, tion all the work of the sistent under the circumstances to give names or make comparisons, but there was much to be admired and to arouse an ambition in others to "go and do likewise." Every conceivable article of ornamentation that could be made by little girls was there to be seen in one or the other of the several spaces allotted to the different wards. There were sixteen quilts, of a variety of patterns, all well made and nicely quilted. There were one or two dresses very neatly made, by girls about thirteen years old; doll dresses by those much younger, and aprons, pillow cases, and a few other articles of this kind, lots of stockings of home knitting, also mittens and dolls' stockings; hoods for children, very handsome, crocheted of wool, and one very elegant shawl made by a child twelve years old. Almost innumerable mottoes, worked upon d in every form, wool, tarle-ta- n perforated and wax flwers in abundance; tidies of every form and size, and of all available materials; several specimens of fine pillow lace and ornamental embroidery, and work of all descriptions. Cocoons raised by tin little girls, too, of an excellent quality, which really deserve special mention. Paintings on silk and wood ere also very creditable indeed. Then there was a department for cookery where the "little women" displayed handsome cikea, many of them frosted and ornamented, pies, bread, butter, preseves, jellies, and so forth; some of these articles were very "fair to look upon," but as we were not permitted to taste, one couM not Judge so well of their quality. There were vegetables of almost all kinds which had been raised by the little boys, potatoes, corn, pop corn, turnips, beets, squashes, nearly every variety; and pea nuts which were really quite a curiosity to many. The boys had sleds, book shelves, wagons, tiny cradles, and clothes-horsand other such articles, and a pair g of shoes, the first of some industrious boy; there was ornamental plaster work too, done by little boys, and many other things we have not space to mention. Mrs. Clawson cannot help but feel gratified with the success of the Fair, and it has Leen so highly appreciated by the people that it has been allotted space in "The Utah Territorial Fair," to be held in this city, commencing October 3d. The admittance to the Primary Fair was only 10 eta. for adults and 5 cts. for children, yet the aggregate amount was considerable, and Mrs. Clawsoq informs us that after paying the tithing out of the funds, $50.00 has been donate 1 to the Logan Temple and the remainder reserved to appropriate towards prizes for the coming exhibition another year. We would suggest to the children that next year they exhibtt more needle work, plain and ornamental, also darning, button-hol- e making, and straw work, . and also that the little girls and bovs both write essays and poem?; they will have a year to think of it and we will offer now a suitable prize to any girl or boy wnder fifteen years of age who will write the best original poem or essay; and meaecision 10 De made by five competent dis- work well is my prayer. We tender our thanks to Mrs. Clawson, and the' ladies associated with her, for substantially remembering the Woman s Exponent in distributing the delicacies left from the" Fair. Many thanks for the same. HOME AFFAIRS. Pen Sketch of an Illustrious Woman will Mrs. Zina D. Young is visiting relatives and gathering up genealogies at her old home in the State of New York. Dr. the assassin, hovered life and between death, constantly watching for the latest news and praying earnestly that his life might be spared, to bis family and the whole people. Never was there manifest a more powerful element of sympathy and affection from a great people than during the illness and suffering of the late deceased President. And now there is sincere mourning in all the land, and everywhere are its emblems floating upon the breeze. In Utah the people are as loyal in this respect as anywhere else in the whole nation. The feeling of this people are as tender towards the departed dead, and their hearts are as full of compassion for the living, who mourn the loss of son, husband and father, as any hearts are capable of being, for none know better how to sympathize. Memorial services were held in the large Tabernacle, which was heavily draped in black, and the whole congregation seemed bowed in humilation and mourning for the great and good man departed and the heavy sorrow that has fallen upon the entre country in which all alike participate. It is a subject to call forth much thought as well as feeling, but in the midt of all it should be remembered God lives and holds the destinies of nations in His hands. No President since the days of the immortal Washington has ever been so sacredly enshrined in the hearts of the whole people as Jamea A. Garfield. THE CHILDREN'S FAIR. The Primary Fair of the Associations of Salt Lake County was held in tne Social Hall In this city, and was open for exhibition five days, commencing Thursday, Sept. 22, and continuing on the 23d and 24th, and meeting with such excellent success, was on Tumhv Wednesday, the 27th and 28th u It. Mrs. Ellen C. 8; ClawHon and her Counselors, Mrs. Camilla ed Cobb arid Annie D. Watson, spared no pains1 to make the afiCklr as complete in every particular and department at it could be made. "The Presidents or the several wards that had articles from their respscUve Associations on exhibition also knt a helping hand, by managing each her own department, a&4 thuafacUitating the labor of Mis, Clawaoa and her associate. heavy B. Ferguson, was in New York Much matter we intended publishing is left out tj make room for particulars concerning the President's death and burial. There will be a Primary Fair in Utah County October 15th, under the supervision of Mrs. Zina Y. Williams and her Counselors. The Book for Primary Associations eLtitled Questions and Answers, by Mrs. Eliza R. S. Smith, will be ready for sale at Conference. The October Coirlference will convene in the lan;e Tabernacle on Thursday morning, October Oth. There will no doubt be a very large attendance. The Primary Conference of this Stake of Zion was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, 24th. Mrs. Ellen-C- . S. Clawson, Sat-urday4Se- presiding. The Conference of Y. L. M. I. A. of this Stake tf Zion was held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday afternoon, Sept. 24. Mrs. Mai y A. Freeze, presiding. e shoe-makin- We have had the pleasure of traveling through a large part of Sanpete County recently in company with Mrs iiliza R. S. Smith, of this city, and Mrs. Amelia H. Goldsbrough, of Nephl, but shall not be able to furnish our readers with an account of our visit and the meetings we attended, as we have not the space this time. In our next issue we expect to give all the best points of our journey, what we saw and heard. Dr.Niomania B. Pratt left Salt Lake City, en route for New York, on Monday morning, Sept. 26, with the intention of studying under Dr. Noyes, of Bellvue Hospital, who has made her a very desirable proposition to instruct her more fully in the uee f the opthalmiscope for examining the interior of the eye, and also in the adjusting of glasses in refractory cases of defective eyesigh t, two of the most difficult branches in optics. Mrs. Pratt will be away about six months. The Utah Territorial Fair will open on Monday, Oct. 3, at the same place formerly used for that purpose, on West Temple Street, and will connect with the Deseret Museum, which will make it doubly interesting. No pains has been spared by the several committees to make this Fair a successful one, and the awarding of special interested 'critics. " Several persons have given prizes and rendered valuable aid to the commendable work of the Primary Associations. President John Taylor gave the use of: the building to the Fair, and H. B. Clawson, Esq., gave much assistance to the ladies in getting up and carrying out the entire prizes will ,be a noticeable feature. Everybody should go to the Fair; no doabt it will be the means of promoting home interests in every arrangements. truEt the little foils will be success of their work to encouraged the by persevere ia making and improving; m ajj U8efu Ellen when last heard from, but expected to visit Hartford, Conn.shortly. card-boar- A terrible blow . baa fallen upon the American nation in the assassination and death of its Chief Executive, President Garfield. Weeks of prolonged suffering of the most intense character, and anxiety and suspenee for the whole nation hovering alternately between hop and fear as he, the victim of be continued in our next. department f4aborj by itimuhittmj thrpeepl rjVe y to renewed efforts in stock raising, agriculture, inventine, home manufacture, and all that will help develop the element and resources of Utah. 