ICO . 51 nine months; aNo Warren Barnes and Sarah Marinda, 'who are still living; the former at Lehi,! the latter at Hyd Park. remember accurately the occurrences that transpired in Nau vod The dreadful death of at" the age of . , the Irophet aiid Patriarch', the gloom thatnuttg over the fated city,' and the heavy grief and sadness that rested upon the people who so truly loved them. "I enjoyed the privilege of. seeing the Temple finished, and of receiving, therein the blessing of holy ordinances. Willard'my first born soo, also had his endowments Temple, and came out among the, first ,who, Jeft there; was one of the Mormon Batta'lion, who were called V RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. FAVORSttAM, EifaliAND, , 'Extract, from a letter tecqifed by Secretary S. M. Kimball, from Eldejv lldward King, Kent, .'England; iTM Favowliam is ta Jive in- are members, stitupoh,,ltg. energetic and trying ' ' to' Ifrejas becomes the Society coiisjst of .twenty' ottf&r members. The i sisters have done a crobd. work the 'hast wintr in - ' ,: Latter-day;,8aint- s; - .The Official hunting merrihrs visit" nnimtiJ HiiA1 Rafnfa !ncfiiittn themM to be prayerfurand JJve .tfMrltifto&'ac-conlln- g to the knowledge tHey nave received. P4'the2l8t ult. the Society held semi-annu- jtohch'; Coiifer; withf efiOrts. a the' tlm ,was occupied -- jeyer i -- es ! Fav-orsha- m among the Saints here, termines, so shall society, communities and tions be.' If tKewoinen1 of the latter-day- " o jress, it is a hard Saints block the wheels of ' ' struggle for the men; on the Other hand, if they determine that their sons and daughters shall assist in the consummation rof the great and glorious Work' of the'latter "daysj it is in their power to fit aftd prepare them for that work. How careful 'should our daughters be trained, that they -- may carry with them in their future life every virtue of their mother. Show me a mother that is neat, and orderly, and I will show ; you a race of sons and daughters who will follow ;her example. : Whatever mark I may make in life, I owe that to my mother. Sisters so train:your; daughters, that should they .be, in ,thq;(3ompany of Jadies of the. . outside world, they. ; can j give a reason for the allow them hope that, is; witjna.thnv, 'where to go from home without they jou know are and. what company they keep. "Teach them the nature of their organization. Teach them so that thepr would, prefer to ."be, broken at the rack than that' therJjure bodies snould be pol-- . lated;i:a'nd the fathers teich'the boys tie same. If ' you do this Vou will be blessed in your old age, and your children' will be 'yoiii' pride and glory. They "wiU 'row up 'around you as bright buds and blossoms. If you take the opposite' course they will leave you, and your sorrow will be great.- - It is a source.'of pleasure to me' that the sisters are doing muoh good. Let' us wear homemade clothing; make your-sJvbeautiful with the workmanship of your own hands. Adorn your. .minds with intelli! al synopsis of which;' wad sent to the liondon Conference. : The President, Bister Ann Comford, is a .woman worthy;, of the confidential support' ' of h er "sisters In' Zldul,. At the cIose4of, the afternoon meeting a; social tea, pro-- . vided by the President and her Counselors, w as ' ' enjoyedahd in the evening the Relief Bocfety held .a joint session with the;rie$th6od or Branch, Brother J. A. Jennings and I" taking part. Bro. Jennings ia doing. well in the ministry; I can truly say the Spirit Of the Lord was wjth us on this occasion, and I feej sure that r- . . !. e resting-plac- i : r hat to go to Mexico while tot route to find a for the Saints. ' E N T. WOMiW.S aEX PON. t. f. U Vw gence that 'is the principle we are after. I would rather have true knowledge and true all the riches of this world." M. Lyman said: "The remarks of F. Apostle the sisters are good; if you are diligent and put them in practice theywill be, a benefit ,tq you. It is well for the sisters t and brethren to labor science than It togeib'kfe. true that the molding oi the destmies of men depend Very much on' the mother; yet I hold that it is a great thing for the children to have a good father, and for the' sisters to have a good husband. If there are two or three wives, he1 should be a very good man. Still, I admit that a great responsibility rests on mothers. We should see that our wives and daughters are intelligent, for we cannot expect intelligent ' children from ignorant mothers.- The virtue of woman should be a body guard to her. She should so carry, the impress of that virtue on her, countenance, that her very presence . could quell . the rudest of men; and guarded by that virtue she could travel around the world and be sacred from insult among the most base." The Apostles also gave much good counsel is R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Kanab Stake. The Quarterly Conference of the R. S. of Kanab Stake convened in the Kanab School House March 11, 1881, Counselor " Harriet Bunting presiding. Besides the presidents of the .various wards, we were privileged with the presence of Apostles F. M. Lyman and John Henry Smith, and a number of the leading brethren of the Stake. Meeting opened, by singing "Once more we come ' before Thee now." grayer by Coun. Lucy A. Johnson. Sang, "0 awake, my slumbering minstrel." The presidents of the several wards gave good verbal reports; said their societies were prospering, the sisters were doing their" duty,' trying to live their! religion, and helping one another. Pres, H. JBunting felt pleased in'haying the presence of Apostles Lyman and Smith, and so many of the brethren; hoped that we would be benefitted by their counsel. Presidents H. EL Spencer, James L. Bunting and Bishop W. D. Johnson, Jan., gave the sisters some very wise counsel, encouraged them to good works and to live the lives of Latter-da- y Saints. H. Smith said, "I have listened J. Apostle with pleasure to the remarks of the sisters. It is a matter of great interest to meet with those who are laboring for the upbuilding of society. The mission of woman is one of the greatest and noblest on earth. She has much to do in fashioning and framing the minds of men. To a great extent she molds the minds of our politicians and statesmen. She is constantly in the presence of her children, and what woman makes up her mind that her cdildrcn shall be, to a greaptent they will be; and as she de- ! , , -- - . . , to the brethren. Pres. Bunting felt the time had been well spent Wished the' 'sisters to treasure up the good counsel they had received and profit Conference adjourned for three thereby. months, to be held at Mt CarmeL Sang, "Now let us rejoice in the' day of salvation." Dismissed by Apostle F. M Lyman. Parowan. The first, yearly Conference of the Parowan Stake was held m Cedar City Feb. 13, 1881, President Ellen W. Lunt presiding. After opening exercises; minutes of previous Conference were read by the Stake Secretary, alsosta-tisticand financial reports from the diflerent branch societies. The representatives gave very encouraging verbal reports of their progress, also very ood counsel and much good general instruction. Elder Thomas Durham spoke, in a very interesting manner on , the subject- of Music. Hoped to see the time when it would be more extensively cultivated in all our institutions. al - President Henry Lunt and. Bishop C J Arthur said1 they were; greaUy; pleased to hear and see the ' marked improvement our 'sisters were making, and gave us some very excellent instructions. Referred to the exhibitions given by the Primary Associations as being very pleasing and conducive of much good. Urged the sisters to subscribe more liberally for the Exponent. Statistical and Financial report for the Stake R. S., for ijie year ending Feb. 12, 1881. Statistical: Teachers, 51; members, 326: total officers and members, 377; meetings held, 86; average attendance, 72; subscribers for. Expo- nent, 16. Financial: On hand at date of last report $43.05; Property, $1,834,251; wheat, 116 J bu Receipts, Cash, $85.60; property, $118.80; wheat, 40 bu. Disbursements: poor, cash, , $48.50;; emigration', cash, "$2O0-Temple- , casht $36.75; property, $32.25; home industries', r $14.25; building purposes, ; on hand date' $10; at property, present cash, $40.50; property, $1,945.56; wheat, 377 bu., 32 ft. Jane P. Mackleprang, Cor. Sec'y. $49.37-property- cash-$69.40- . . Canterbury, New Zealand. Editor .Exponent: I -- take great pleasure in handing you a report of the Canterbury Relief Society. Although we are few in number, and away, yes, so very far away from head quarters, and surrounded by the wicked world, who point the finger of scorn at us and cast our names out as evil, yet for all that we feel to go ahead and do the best we can, and help all we know how, and be honest and true to God, our religion and ourselves, and by thus doing, and working t6 gain the reward that is promised io" the faithful. The seventeenth monthly meeting of the Canterbury Relief Society was held in the After the usual opening exercises, the minutes of last meeting were read and accepted. There was a good attendance. Bro. IS. H. Groes-becthe missionary from Utah was present, from whom we received some valuable instructions. The sisters here are at all times on hand to do what is required of them for the progression of the work in this land' and the building up of Zion. Our Statistical and Financial report for the quarter ending March 7, is as follow: Members, 12; officers and members, 14; meetings held last quarter, 3; average attendance, 8; AVomam's Fxponent taken, 3. Financial: On hand December 6, cash, 3, 18s. 3d; receipts last quarter, 18s. 3d; disbursed to the poor, cash, 7s," missionary, cash, 1. 4s. 3d; cash for clothing for missionaries, 2. 7s; on hand March 26, cash, 18s. 3d. Wishing success to the Exponent, k, Respectfully, Johanna Larson, Pres't. Elida Larson, Sec'y. Tooele. The Conference of Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. of Tooele Stake was held in Tooele City March 12 and 13, 1881, Mrs. M. A. Hunter presiding. Visitors from Salt Lake City, Sisters P. L. Kimball, M. I. Home, n S. M. Hey wood and R. B. Pratt. The cr was conducted as usual , except th ere were no reports, the Secretary bein absent. After usual opening exercises singing, and prayer by Bishop Atkins Sisters Kimball, Horne and Heywood each addressed the sisters, and encouraging; counsel, fiving motherly them to7 become intelligent on all subjects and seek to fulfil revery duty and obligation in life, andi to beware, of evil influences. Referred to the great and good work being Con-fere- : nf i it If y 