WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A Meteor. On Tuesday evening, June 28th, about 9.30, as a lady was watching the comet, which is now attracting public attention, she was surprised at seeing her shadow vividly projected on the ground,and supposing some person had come up with a lantern, turned quickly, and to her amazement saw a magnificent meteor It reflashing across the western hemisphere. sembled a globe of fire and passed from north to southwest, describing an arc of a circle just beThe meteor was visible neath Ursa Major. about three seconds and a half, and divided just before it disappeared into three distinct portions. Two magnificent falling stars accompanied the phenomenon. IN MEMORIAM. -- ON the 24th, in company with S. M. 'Kimball and M. I. Home we went to Mill Creek to at Mi-?- . to record the accidental death of our dear friend, Mrs. Josephine Schettler, which occurred June 19th, caused by being strangled in the salt water at the' Lake, before any one could render her assistance. We deeply sympathize with her lonely and bereaved companion, and her beloved mother,from whom the light of day has been shut out so many years, her husband alsa being an invalid and greatly dependant upon his wife, needs the comfort and consolation of the Holy Spirit to bear him up under this severe affliction. ''Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth, and scourgeth every soul whom He receivoth." On Thursday, the 7th inst., a grand benefit entertainment i3 to be given, in the 21st Ward Meeting House, to the widow and children of the late Wm. E. Knight, who was accidentally killed In E. Brain's brickyard In this city, on Saturday, June 2otb, 1881. The programme will consist of songs, recitations,etc, concluding with the laughable farce of "The Omnibus." ; -- "Then fell upon the house a sudden gloom, A shadow on those features fair and thin; And softly from that hushed and darkened room, Two angels issued where but one went in." tend an annual meeting of the Primajy Ascocia-tion- s E. C. S. Claw-Bo- n of the four districts. and Camilla Cobb also attended. There It is exceedingly painful after her confinement. The funeral was held at the residence in the 17th Ward, and was attended by many of the dear friends of former days. The services were conducted by Bishop JohnsTingey, and were opened by singing, "0, my Father, thou that dwellest." Prayer by the Bishop. Singing, "Sister, thou wast mild and lovely." Remarks by Dr, Poremus, Counselor D. H. Wells, Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter and Elder Joseph C. Kingsbury. The last two very old friends referred to the friendship and associations of former days. Services closed by singing, "Farewell allearthly honors." Benediction by Elder Joseph C Kingsbury. The coffin was literally Covered with exquisite flowers, of which Mrs. Hall was a passionate admirer. The remains were followed to the cemetery by a large number of sorrowing relatives and friends, where the last sacred rites were performed. Prayer was offered and the grave dedicated y Counselor D. H. Wells. May our Heavenly 'Father bless the bereaved family, the loving husband, the dear lonely children, the aged mother and ah who mourn their dear friend and sister. The writer was intimately acquainted and fondly attached to Mrs. Hall, and feels that she has truly parted with a sister. ized. Rat-talio- n, people. Mrs. Hall died from puerperal fever nine days Prof. Jos. J.Daynea has kindly consented to preside at the organ. Sister Knight, with her hus- band and family recently came from New Zealand to this city, having emigrated with a small company of Saints under the direction of Elder George Batt, who arrived in this city about six weeks ago. The enterprise is a laudable one, and we hope the entertainment will be well patron- Ve acknowledge with thanks the invitation received from Washington to attend the meeting of the Social Science Association, at the residence of Mr i and Mrs. H. C. Spencer,in that city, June 25th, and regret that circumstances prevented our heing present on that occasion, but heartily wish the ladies and all engaged in the work "God speed." Judge Daniel Tyler of Beaver ha9 been in the city a few days,rnafcing arrangements for the publication of the History of the Mormon wkich he has for sometime been occupied in preparing for the press. It is to be published at the office of the Juvenile Instructor. Due notice will be given of the time of its being issued. Sesters Sarah M. Kimball and Sarepta M. Hey wood recently made a short visit to the Southern Settlements in Juab and a part of San. pete Co. They met with the Relief Society and Primary Association in 'several places. They report crops looking well, people prosperous and a good spirit pervailing among the Saint?;. the thrift and industry being something wonderful. were two sessions, forenoon and afternoon. Interesting exercises by the children and speeches by the ladies. These Associations were organized just one year ngo and they show a marked improvement already. Friday morning June25 we had thepleasureof being called upon by three gentlemen who came direct from Paris the Cointe de Eurgor, Charles Boggio and F. Osorio. The last named is a native of Madrid Spain and Secretary of the Spanish Legatin at Paris. They expressed themselves much pleased with the city and the mountain scenery, said it reminded them of Heidleberg Germany. They have started on a trip around the world. We wish them a safe and pleasant t jyurney. Bisters Eliza R. S. Smith and Zina D. H. Young returned Saturday evening June L'olh from their visit to Brigham City and Malod Valley. They were alstnt about 13 days, attended the Conference of K. S. Y. L. M. I. A,, and P. A., of Box Elder Stake held in Brigham City, and afterwards hell meetings in adjacent settlements, and them wentlon to Malad valley holding meetings and giving good counsel and instruction, wherever they traveled among the 21 ' Loxofellow. The announcement of the death of Mrs. Ann Maria Whitney Hall, which took place June 27, I881,will be read with sorrow by a host of friends of former days, as well as many who have been intimately associated with ber in later years. Mrs. Hall was widely known in this city and vi- cinity, and was highly respected by all. She was especially endeared to her friends and relatives on account of the many attractive and ge-nial qualities of her noble heart, which eminently fitted her to shine in the social and domestic circle. In her younger life she was what the world would term a magnetic woman, drawing all hearts towards her instinctively. Although perhaps not designated as beautiful as some wo men, yet possessing in a wonderful degree the womanly power of fascination which is always po chaiming. A pleasing addresi and melodious voice qualified her to entertain easily and gracefully; and an innate refinement of manner won all hearts, and many of the sterner sex bowed at her nhrine. The lady, who is the subject of this1 sketch, was born in an early day In the history of this Church, October 1st, 1836, In Kirtland, Ohio. Her parents were Bishop Newel K. (deWhile ceased) and Elizabeth Ann Whitney. she was yet a babe they left Kirtland to go up to Missouri, but hearing while upon the way that the Saints had been driven from their homes, 8 topped in Carleton, Illinois, until Commerce (afterwards Nauvoo) was settled, when they repaired thither. In the beautiful city of Nauvoo, Ann Maria passed her childhood. At the time of the exodus, when she was nine years old or not quite ten, the writer remembers well her cheerful, happy manner and her kind attentions to parents, brothers and sisters, and her affability to all thoFe in any way connected with the family. She was married May 2d, 1866, to Erastus F. Hall, the ceremony beirfg performed by PresiMrs. Hall has been dent Heber C. Kimball. the mother of five children, four sons and one daughter; three of them have died in infancy; two remain, one fourteen and the other six years old, and they mourn as kind and indulgent a mother as ever lived. Her devotion as a wife and mother of a family was most exemplary, and her tender watchfulness of her aged mother, to whom she was fondly attached, approached the sublime. "What a world were this, How unendurable its weight, if they Whom death had sander'd, did not meet again." Socthet. ; E. B. W. SERICULTURE. , Report of sorne of the settlements of Sevier Stake ofZion, which was organized May 6, ,1879, for the purpose of sericulture. RI CJ I FIELD. Receipts.- - By donation, $104.43; potatoes raised to the amount of 18.00; parties, 817.90; received from Grass Valley, $4.50; fencing material donated, $8.41; labor, $34.66; total, $187.90. Disbursed for citv lot, fencing material, labor, etc., $144.83. We have some silkworm?, under the able superinteudency agent. of Sister Annie Hansen, KLhsINORE. Received, $5.00; disbursed' for trees, books, silkworm eggs, $3.10; on hand, $2.00. Annie C. Laesen, Agent. ; - SAUNA. Donations; $8.32; oats raised to the amount of $3.67; received by parties, $10; total, ' $21.99. Disbursements. Deeds on city lot, $8.55; other expenses, $6,83; total, $15.38; on hand, $6.61. , Catherine F. Martin, Agent. MONROE. We have some eggs, and are trying to raise some silk this summer; The sisters take quite ... an interest in planting mulberry trees, and are trying to make a success of silk raising. Mary Swindle, Agent. GLENWOOD. Receive to purchase with, $6.00. We have also obtained a piece of land, but it is not yet - tinder cultivation. We hope to make a cess of this branch of home industry. suc- Louisianna Heppler, Agent. Mary Marsh, Secretary. The Marquis of Lome, it is said will return to England in the fall. The Princess Louise will not visit Canada this summer. 