55 W OM 12 TIIE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EMMELINE B. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for tha price of nine. Advertising L at ten lines oi nonpareil apace, one , rates: uacn square, 00. A liberal discount to thne, $2.50: per month, $3. regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. in. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. Published semi-monthl- y, a. - . . . SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15, 18S1. WHAT THEY BAY ABOUT UTAH. Everybody's talking of U tali! The "Mormon" question is sorely agitating the public mind. The pulpit the platform and the press are .each pouring forth volumes upon the subject, until a "very ocean of bitterness, whose waves run mountain high, seems to have Hooded the hearts of the people. Who is there to pour oil upon the troubled waters? Who will speak a good word for these "despised, outcast exiles?" Who dares open their mouth, or even take up their pen in defense of a few a: handful of people gathered into the fastnesses of the Rocky Mountains for protection against their foes; against the mobs of a country which invites all nations to its standard, where waves the glorious flag of liber ly. Societies are being organized by different religious lwdies, beseeching ' Congress, and his lixcellency the President of this great common- wealth, to break down, root up and destroy this "terrible iniquity," "twin brother of slavery," which "so afflicts this great nation." The "Mormons are fast becoming a power iu the land," ere long they will "creep into the Union," and ."Utah will become a State" and "sanction How dreadful It would be In their eyes, ror the "Mormons" to have a spot of earth to dwell upon in peace; after they had sought out and cultivated the desert, half-fe- d and half-claexiled from their home and country, banished, with women and children, to an unknown, unexplored region, where the Indians and wild beasts held sole dominion. Women, the "fair sex," whose benevolence and charity, and whoso sympathy for the unfortunate has ever been proverbial, are organized into societies "to protest against the Mormons and their institutions;" and they tend abroad their Testimonials, their Letters and Circulars, setting forth the "degraded condition of Mormon wives and Mormon children." Many who sit by the hearthstone in their far-of- f homes in ignorant innocence of this people, or their affairs,are horrified to hear these sensational stories of "Life Anion? the Mormons;" and all their indignation is aroused to think such Bnouiu - exisiy away oir - in- U tab , thousands of miles from them, and they are ready to subscribe to any set of resolutions, got up by those who carry on the crusade, and to give of their means to help in the endeavor to suppress "Mormonism," thinking thereby to do God service! Borne of these wiseacres proclaim that "polygamy destroys the home' it "sacs the foundation of social life," the basis of true government and of prosperity and happiness. Does the outside world know much about this? Can 'they peak intelligently on this subject? A Yew 'perhaps who are here know Fometh In g by. look-'inon with Jaundiced eyes, but there are many who are in total darkness In. . poly-gamy- ." d, g AN' S EX P 0 NE NT. regard to the matter. The "Mormons" migbt boast, if they would, of, their happy homes in the valleys of the mountains. Homes whietr their own thrift and industry have created. Even strangers who have come here prtjudiced, have acknowledged that "a spirit of peace brooded over the place," such as they never felt elsewhere. Does this bespeak contention and strife in the family circle? No, it is due to the harmony of social relations and domestic institutions, and the strong band of union which characterizes the whole people, and is the outgrowth of the very principles which the world condemn. Family life after the "patriarchal order is something approaching the sublime. It is bread, liberal, expansive and gives the same tone to the inmates of the home circle. The ladles engaged in the crusade against polygamy characterize tire condition of plural wifehood, concubinage, and speak of it, and of them, to the world in the most reproachful terms possible. The Scripture says: "JBy their fruits yo shall know them." In these mountain vales, and through the system of marriage the world so loudly condemns, there has grown up a race of the most perfectly developed young men and women any country can produce. Healthy, strong and vigorous in mind and body, with a knowledge of the principles of life and health, and of their own mission upon the earth, which no other class of people in the present day so thoroughly comprehend. The fruits of this method of life will be more apparent in the next generation than even in this. Social science will yet be glad to deal with this subject, In the light of reason and common sense. The women who are interested in this great Latter-da- y work,are laboring earnestly and faithfully in, an organized capacity, to develop all the taleats which they possess mentally, morally and spiritually; and to lay the foundation for the prolongation of human life. They teach and instruct each other and their .children; and expound doctrine and precept, and are in the best sense of tho word home missionaries. They are more very much more sorry for their sisters in the world, who are eeeking to pull down and destroy their Institutions, arid heap shame and obloquy upon them and their offspring, than H is possible for them to be for these "poor, deluded Mormon women," and certainly the "Mormon" sisters have no desire to injure or persecute them, but would do them good all the day long, and have, whenever brought in contact with them, sought to maintain the most harmonious relations, 'and perfect courtesy. In the meantime they do protest against the misrepresentations that are continually being sent abroad concerning their domestic and social relations. The Latter-da- y Saint women have no time,nor have they the inclination to examine into the home life of their Gentile neighbors, but occasionally, some of these Gentile ladies, whose lives .have not been wholly free from sorrow, open their hearts to a 'Mormon" woman, perchance a and portray.the aocial. system that is known in Gotham as "modern civilization." It is ill befitting this class of women to cry out against "the great ulcer of Polygamy," especially when it Is well known that women in this Church accept celestial, or plural marriage as a divine revelation from heaven, given to ben fit and elevate the human family, and receive It In their hearts and in their lives as a sacred covenant of marriage for time and for all eternity. ''Mormon" women embrace this principle with the same purity of motive arid sincerity of purpose that Ihey do the principle of baptism tot the remission of sins, or baptism for ' the dead, or any other principle given to exalt 'the human family. plu-jakwif- e, INTERESTING CONFERENCE. The''Ladles' Conference of Weber Stake of Z ion was held in the Tabernacle in Ogden City, the 9th, 10th and 11th of June. There was a most interesting series of meetings, commencing op Thursday, at 10 o'clock A. M.f with the Relief Society, Mrs. Jane S. Richards presiding. The meeting was addressed by Sisters Jane S. Richards, Hattle Brown, E. R. Snow Smith, and E. B. Wells; also Apostle F. D. Richards, Pres. D. H. Peery andBro. Eggleston. The Presidents of the various branches of the Relief Society in Weber Co., made verbal reports, whidi firejvery favorable, and much good instruction was given during the day. On Friday the Y. L. M. I. A. of Weber Stake held their Conference, Mrs. Sarah A. Herrick presiding. The young lady presidents who represented their respective organizations, evinced forcibly to every observing mind the rapid progress which has been made during the last year, and the benefit, mentally and spiritually, which will eventually result from these Associations. Mrs. Sarah Herrick and her Counselors, Mrs. Emily S. Richards and Mrs. Josephine R. West, each made a few excellent remarks, in a spirit calculated to carry conviction to every heart. Addresses were also made by Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, E. B. Wells and E. B. Ferguson. Saturday the Primary Associations convened in the Tabernacle, which was well filled with the little folks. There were present from Salt Lake City, Pres. Joseph F. Smith; Eliza R. Snow Smith and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson; also Apostle F. D. Richardt Pres. D. H. Peery and several Bishop. Mrs. Josephine R. West Exercises by the children' were ably rendered, and the meeting was addressed by Sisters Jane S. Rich ards,. Eliza R. Snow Smith and Pres. Joseph F. Smith, instructing tho children in a tender and attractive manner. Dr. Ferguson also made a few pleasing remarks, and altogether the Conference was an Interesting one, and a season Ion to be remembered, of which fuller particulars niay be given in our next issue. -- pro-sidin- g. HOME AFFAIRS. Primary" Blanks for making up reports, for sale at Deseret Newsi'OhTce. "The Word of Wisdom"1 essay, by Florence Ridgei, published in our issue June 1, instead of 11th Ward should have read 19th Ward. Sisters B. W. Smith E. Howard and R. R, Grant attended the Tooele Stake Ladies Conference held Saturday and .Sunday 11th and 12th, of the present month. Sisters E. R. Snow Smith and Zina D. H. Young, are in Brigham City, attending the Conference of Relief Society, and Y. L. M. I. A., and Primary Associations which occured the 14th and 15th of June. It is expected they will visit the to1 reorganizations in town adjacent previous : turning home. The Clerk of the House of Representatives has phced the name of Hon. Georgo Q. Cannon upon the roll 'of that House, notwithstanding all his enemies have done to oppose it. The women of Utah, as) well as the men, who cast their' votes for the Delegate of their choice, will rejoice that one important step has been gained ihfavor of the man elected by the people. f " fiyfc hope, the ifoilowing will stimulate, the people of Utah to setting out ' mulberry trees and racing cocoons. We are pleased v to be able to tate pjat a large iquantlty.ef .home-mad- e silk, nowreadj. antCfc sale, as per advertisement in our columns. The silk is the natural color, but will make beautiful Vie.lV?i: " 