The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations.. Vol. m SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 15, 1881. GATHERING AUTUMN LEAVES. "go, so; jou'to been wandering over the hills, To catch the music of rippling rills, like glistening ribbons of satin and sheen. " Take carf , little woman ! to yon it seems . fine; To me, yon have only been wasting yonr time; It would bring as, I think, mora stockings and shoes, If yon helped me to gather the corn, from the mews." Onr time is onr money, I've heard mother say, Id wasting onr time we throw money away; To waste not arid want not was always our rule written me when I was at school." Twaa a copy-lin- e 44 To the loving wife's face came a look of surprise, The tears came unbidden into her brown eyes "Dear John, do not blame me," she said as she hissed His hand with a grace that he could not resist. have hurried all day to be able to go, I can make up the time after supper, you know; Bat I wanted to gather some leaves and some moss, And see the sun set in his cloudlets of floss. 1 "And then, as I gathered my autumnal leaves, (Did you ever behold such beauties as these V) I prayed to the Lord that oar autumn of life Might always be free from confusion and strife." 44 That our lives, dear heart, may be glowing and bright, With a halo of love and heavenly light, As the setting sun and these autumn leaves, Which I've gathered beneath the grand old trees. 44 And John, I prayed that our boys and our girls Might be as pun as these mountain pearls, As clear and as bright as the rippling rills iTis a glorious thing to go to the hills." "John's Toiee was strangely soft and low As he answered, 44 Dear Katie, next time you go I'd like to go too, I think that I can, Ton have made me think I'm a child again." "Bat Katie, the heavens are fall of days, And I do not think it always pays To work all day and at night work late, So put it away at once, mjr Kate." E. A. B. PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. ELIZA R. 8NOW SMITH. CONTINUED. From the time the first organization of a Primary Association was effected in Salt Lake City, Sister Eliza continued to go from ward to ward and settlement to settlement, organizing wherever the Bishops and others interested became converted to the new idea. She also visited other counties, organizing the children A large everywhere it seemed , practicable. of her has time been devoted ever portion since in promoting the interests of the little folks, aiding in various ways those who have charge of these Associations in their work, which labor doubly entitles her to the name so honorably earned, Mother in Israel. After the October Conference, 1878, Sister Eliza took a journey through a part of Morgan, Box Elder and Weber counties, visiting Belief Societies and Young Ladies' Associations, speaking .two or three times .every, day and organizing the children in'many places. ... - ". , . tre, Nov. 16, 1878, to protest against the interference and misrepresentations of the Ladies' y This was the largest Society woman's meeting ever held in Utah, and it was proper that one who had been connected with therder of plural marriage from the very beginning should preside over this vast assembly of ladies in their deliberations. t On being called to the chair, she responded eloquently, although she had not had a moment's leisure to prepare herself. Her command of language is excellent, and such an occasion called up a host of strong and emotions. After stating briefly the object of the meeting, she enumerated some of the trials through which the Saints had passed and the sacrifices they had been called upon to make from time to time before celestial marriage was given by revelation and commandment to JoWe give below a seph Smith, the Prophet. of from her couple paragraphs speech delivered Anti-Polygam- As they wind through the crooked &nd rocky ravine, 44 '. SkterJ&iza jrejgrjJieeryaad tiredr about the middle of. November, juat in time to preside at the , grandr mass meeting;. of 15,000 women, which was held in the Salt Lake Thea soul-stirrin- g at that time: "I am proud to state before this large and honorable assembly that I believe in the principle of plural marriage just as sacredly as I t believe in any other institution, which God has revealed. I believe it to be necessary for the redemption of the human family from the low state of corruption into which it has sunken. And I truly believe that a congress composed of polygamic men, who are true to their wives, would confer a far higher honor upon a nation, and would perform better service to their country, than a congress composed of monogamic, unreliable husbands. "Virtue is the foundation of the prosperity of any nation; and this sacred principle of plural marriage tends to virtue, purity and holiness. Those who represent . the women of Utah as ignorant and degraded are either aiming to bring evil upon us, or they know not what they are doing. Although I deprecate the false and odious representations of our condition and the vilification of our characters, I view with pity and commiseration those who have banded together in our midst, to work up a crusade that is calculated and designed to subvert and to sever the most sacred ties existing between man and woman to separate husbands and wives, to put the reproach of bastardv upon their children and trample ud- on the holiest affections of the human heart. I say I look upon them with sympathy and commiseration. They are trying to measure arms with the Almighty they know not what they do. Do I feel a spirit of revenge towards them? No, my sisters, I do not. They are in the hands of God, and to Him we submit all these matters. Yet it is our duty, as far as we have the privilege, to plead our own cause, realizing fully that it is better to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented; and leave vengeance unto God, who has said," Vengeance is mine, and I will repay." JFor this purpose, my sisters, we have met together to express our feelings and to plead our own cause." Shortly after, perhaps six weeks, the Supreme Court of the United States cave the unlooked-for decision in the Reynold s case,which caused such a revulsion of feeling and almost appalled those who had looked upon the honorable members of that dignified body as just, : upright and invulnerable iur equity and right. Sister Eliza was a patriot, the granddaughter of a veteran officer in the revolutionary army, and she looked upon such with-dism- ay No. 8: an unjust decision. She had thought that at least the religious exile .might obtain redress upon that one clause, ''worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience;" there the law must hang, it cnuid nut pass, that by. She sat down and penned the following sentiments, which are now for the .firat time given public : to-th- DEClSroN OF THE 8UPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES, IN THE CASE OF GEORGE REYNOLDS. "Let our etes look upon Zioni let her be defiled. ' Micah. Let us enter the private scantuary of domestic life, where to the honor of this great Republic, the div nity of the marriage tie is acknowledged and held sacred; and where virtw, the crowning glory of the social circle, is bravHy and success- fully protected. There, let us with wanton cruelty defy the sacred Constitution of our country, and by trampling on the rights of conscience, ever the holy bands of wedlock sej arate husbands and wives, parents and children and ignore the purest affections of tho human heart. Let us cause thousands of honorable loving wives to be stigmatized as prostitutes, and their offspring as basiards. Let us cause multitudes of innocent children that are now tenderly cared provided for and educated,to be branded with infamy and deprived of heirship. Yea,lettis desecrate the homes,and exterminate the only people of whom our nation can truly boast as protectors of purity and innocence lest their virtuous honorable example, shall, in , the present reign of corruption, rise up before us as a burning reproof. Let us immure in Holitary prisons those brave men' who, for the sake of worshiping God according to the dictates of their consciences, left their homes and the graves of their noble ancestors, and sought refuge In the sterile American Desert. Where, nerved by the power of faith in the arm of Jehovah, in whom they trusted, for awhile they battled with the elements for life, and at length, with indomitable energy, overcome the barrenness of the soil, and made "the desert blossom as the rose." Those were the men who, with their stalwart sons, the offijpring of celestial plural marriage with stern, unyielding persevereance established a connecting link between the commercial cities of the East and the rich raining districts of the West, and made practicable for the nation, the Continental transit of the "iron hone." Let us erase from the book of rememfjra'nce the countless dee Is of hospitality and generosity leeto wed by those early settlers of the wilder ness, on our perishing emigrants "when tlteir supplies were exhausted as they were wending their way through to California. Let us plant the seeds of devastation in a thriving, peaceful, industrious community- - a Territory brought into existence' and made to flourish without the' aid,- encouragement or protection from the Government under which it exists. Yea, let us abrogate .the rights of its founders insomuch that henceforth it shall becontrulled -by igamWersTrntrr Kpectrfatorirwi o: 1 a v e" ncT i n terest in common with the t Instead of the Territory as it now is, ft theme of boast as a nucleus of peace, good orde - 5 1 1 -- 