f LIVING LINKS: rlt SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL. BY AVONDALE. CONTINUED. . Nothing can be more natural than that a son who has received the Gospel in the love of it, should.be; anxious to make known the good news to i his &ther; , it is true, Mr. Missionary Unipod was & religious man, he was also a Baptist, but he had not been baptized bygone who had received divine authority to administer the ordinance .of baptism; the son of had, in common with all believers who Latter-daSaints.. And it is for this become y reason that they are all made conscious of the , , , , . Mr-Unip- : validity of baptism, by receiving the Holy Ghost ,as a witness from God, as did all those who were baptized by the authority, in the "name" of Jesus Christ, by the former Apos- tles. Saints." Had a thunderbolt dropped through the ceiling it would scarcely have produced more consternation than this declaration. All the ecstatic feelings that had been experienced by the father in hearing of his son s conversion, all the gentle emotions felt on hearing that his son had obeyed "the (gospel, wereai&pelledL Why? Why? By unreasoning, ungenerous, unchristian prejudice! of ness, perchance crime. , : ea- sier to contrive some simple home employment for the little folks than to settle all the entanglement and strife among children who congregate in herds to play, to quarrel and to get mto mischief of every variety and kind imaginable, even were the trouble to end there. Little girls usually have domestic duties to perform when very young; "helping mama" implies a great deal, and it may be a potent reason why we find, in looking matters plainly in the face, that among the working classes there are fewer idle women, than laz men. Many little boys do positively nothing. There is no wood to chop and no pigs to feed, no cows to milk, no garden to make for those who live in the heart of the city; papa b away at his business, and mama is very busy, her hands are so full with baby and all the household duties, and she forgets the old adage, "Idleness is the parent of many vices." The boys are noisy and make her head ache, she gets weary and nervous with their boisterous-nes- s, and sojtbey are sent into the. street to play, and there they pick up all the slang, and eet initiated into evil habits, before; the parents1 navethd least suspicion1 of airy tina nayin'jr . Something to do is a. necessity for thechildren; not "all .work and no "play," but some positive, regular work eact day to' form habits of industry, in order that the children may grow up to be useful members of society. Lazy boys are the material from which the drunkard and the criminal arc oftenest made. And children who are brought up idle seldom take kindly to steady employment of any sort. Some work to do, then is an essential matter in the traininerO of a child, and should form o portion of every child's education: Practical work; not the tneory, but the real, genuine article. Beware of idleness in fact, beware of idle people; they are not fit for companions, they are a nuisance everywhere, and generally complain of the cruelty of fate. There is so much real pleasure in work, especially of that kind to which nature seems to have adapted seems strange that people should one, that ' . - . -- r 4 V ! . enjoy idleness. But habit is second nature, and children brought up idly have no true appreciation of the. benefits of pleasure of labor. There are many who think work at an early age hinders physical development, and indeed , heavy, laborious work in childhood, early and to re late, continuous, does have a tendency ' tard growth and so forth, but a moderate amount of even toilsome work is healthful and invigorating, as well as elevating and enno- bling. There certainly is. a tendency in this age to despise work, to scheme and contrive to make money without laboring for it; and men. who have amassed fortunes in business speculations, etc., although they may have been industrious boys when commencing life themselves, often forget it is as necessary that their sons and daughters should know the .true value of money as it was for them. The facts prove, that one does not profit so much by the experience of others as by having practical lessons themselves, and on this subject of industry and n ar trdnr ifcis4mnerfttivei that each one for himself take an active part. Our forefathers and mothers thought work indispensable in the education of the children, rich or poor. All were' taught industry, and econoWe have my. How do we find it y terribly degenerated in these respects. The huiuu uren Doys aespise tne mpioyiutjiu fathers accumulated their wealth, and often blush to hear it mentioned, and in. fact despise actual labor in whatever form; and this is one of the causes of the large class of men of leisure, who, after having squandered the fortune inherited from their parents, resort to numberless methods to live without work. If we Latter-da- y Saints would not see our boys grow up in idleness, then we should begin by setting them to work at something instead of allowing them to run the streets and follow after the dreadful practices of men who lounge about the streets and appear to live upon the corners; idlers, who have no apparent, ami ih life, I know many people think they cannot leave the city, and here there are. no--, suitable places for their boys, but; how much ' better to go .where there is land to till, and; farm work to do, honorable work, than to'remain in the city" for the sake of a few attractions, that Beem a part of their life, because thiy have always beetf used to them. This is a subject one tanofc!help think' ing upon, if they dtW the crowds of bdya who seem to have nothing1', to do. "They ny by and by gbautaiid; settle a.new wlqnyb if they have never beeii accustomed to labor are they are not the mettle of which pioneers " made. en-pf.- hf Aunt Km. , ; I. be much now-a-day- a, co-labore- rs i. It would been. done. to-da- The most industrious people are the most successful in whatever place or at whatever business. Have something to do, if there is but little remuneration, and occupation more advantageous will come just as readily, indeed, is more likely to be had, than if one sits down to wait for it. Parents who allow their children to contract idle habits are sowing the seeds of sorrow and discontent, which will grow an abundant harvest of misery and wretched- y evil4of-fcthoHdsn- y SOMETHING TO DO. , i Latter-da- To be Continued. un-sectari- an ) . Apostles remained among men, as established by Jesus, there might have been some semblance of authority, but not a vestige remained, all were slain ! " Then the aged father looked up and asked the son the question: "Are not these evidences that the Church of Rome has no authority from the Lord Jesus Christ?" "This is the very reason that our Lord had to come down again to the earth and restore the Gospel to man in our day," was the reply; "the Apostle John foresaw these things you have so ably pictured; he had it revealed to him that the truth would be taken from the earth, aud the Gospel would have to be again restored. He says, in the 14th Revelation: 'I saw another having the everlasting Gospel to angel preach unto them that dwell on the earth.' That messenger from heaven has descended, and authority has again been restored to man." "Where did you learn that?" said the astonished father; "In the Church of Jesus Christ o4 These evidences were then received according to the promise, and were credentials of the.. authority of the administration, as well as propfe .of the efficacy of the saving ordinance of baptism. That which was true then is also true now, if the Gpspel is the same and men have tne authority given them from the Lord Jesus Christ to administer in its holy ordinances. Now, the son of the missionary had proved all this to he true, and knew for a certainty that all who obey the divine command and receive the Gospel, receive this assurance; no wonder, then, that he was anxious to make known the joyful news to his father. How often had hia father prayed for him, and now he could reply gladly to. the inquiry that would be sure to be made by (hat devout man, as to the soul's health of his beloved son ! " . There "were two : thingsthatgreatly marred the peace of Mr. Missionary Unipod- - " RoTo do battle manism" and "Mormonism. be found to was with the latter utterly useless; but Catholicism was still deemed vulnerable. And, to fortify the minds of the missionaries beneath his watchcare with evangelical arguments against Romanism had been the aim of the superintendent missionary for a long time. For this reason he had prepared an address, or lecture, on the great apostacy that took; place after the ascension of Christ. Now, it so happened that when the son of Mr. Missionary Unipod entered the apartment of his father, to Saint tell him he had joined the Latter-da- y co mm union, the manuscript was just being finished byhis father, who merely looked up and said: "Well, Joseph, has the Lord met with you?' To his great delight the son replied: "Father, I have obeyed the Gospel of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ I " So great wa3 the joy of the missionary to hear this unexpected nevs, that he could not wait to know what denomination of Christians his son had united withfor Missionary Unipod was entirely in his views-'--in common with most of the London City Missionaries. What a pity it is that persons are so prejudiced against that religion which acknowledges Jesus Christ as its founder, and claims that present revelation from Him is essential to the existence of the church which He, will recognize! but this is the distinctive feature of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. The lecture of the missionary was intended to fortify the minds of the xf that excellent man, against the 'isophistriea fof Jesuitical teachers who were at that time endeavoring to prove the right of the Church of Rome Xft divine authority; and, as of Mr. Missionary ' -- 'Unipod the son had now admitted that he was a' believer in Jeras Christ, the interesting article was read by the father to him," to strengthen hia faith and guird him against the ; the shadow of authority from Jesus Onrist; that the Apostles, to whom alone he had delethe gated authority, were all slain; that by middle of the second century of the Christian auera, not a man remained who had received those thority by the imposition of hands, by the who held the right to confer upon men the Holy Ghost." That "the assumption of nf Bishop of Rome that he held the authority Peter, was based upon a misconception of terms. 'The Rock' on which the Church was That, to" be built was that of Revelation." Twelve "had the complete organization of the : OR that "the Church of Rome had not showed i The cause of science: Has received an important addition in the elegant Observatory wMchiH H. Warner, proprietor off the valuable and Liver Curey has erected at ivocnesterv - - Stffo-Kidne- ISf; 