ROMAN'S EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Vnow. how imDortant a thinir it is tolas a be' Concitizen, of the United States, one could mnt. tent untif he or she. had taken the necessary exxukliite B. Edlter. WELLS, In Salt Lakd Ctj. Utah TerrtaMJn copy one year, S3. 00; one copy alx months $1.00 Ten copies for tha. price, of nine. Advertising rates: Eacjb square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.50: per month, $3, 00. A liberal discount to , regular advertisers. Lower West Room of the7 Council Exponent Office, House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. tvery day except Sunday. AA Address aU boslness communications to Publisher Womax's Expoxxjtt, 8alt Lake City Utah. PnblUbed tend-monthl- y, , ' . ; f -- BALT LAKE CITY, - AUGUST 15, 1881. WOMAN 8UFFRAUE IN UTAH. The August election The votes have been cast and counted. The members of the Legislature and other officers nominated, have UIXU OttJUIiOU. IIIIUU1U is over, 1.1 1M VULJIIIf A IHW III the registered voters of the People's party. Wno attended the Primary meetings in the several precincts? A very few men, scarcely cessary business, viz., to elect the given number of delegates to form a County Convention. Is this right? Is it consistent with the princi- well-bein- , had not the opportunity of representation they now enjoy. W)raen of Utah! do you reflect npon thene things? Do you appreciate the bless-ingthe ballot? If you do, why dVyou not ; manifest Jt by your works? Have you no righ ts mxuwuf jyu uu apprenension or from danger neglect of these duties? Then, again, how few comparatively of those who are foriign-bor- n become citizens. It of uio foraylectof Interests; your homes, your rights your liberty and all that makes life happy or desirable. Arouse yourselves; read and reflect. Take pains to become enlightened upon these subjects, and see if they are not of more consequence to you than many of the things about which you take so much trouble, and upon which you spend so much time. Some may ask. do men need the help of women In political affairs? Are they not disgusted with .women who push themselves forward In public meetings? This is net a question of preference as we understand the matter. Itis an imperative duty. The women of Utah understand how the the suffrage "was bestowed upon themand knowing this, as they do, can they for one moment think, they are not called upon to exercise that right? We have sufficient confidence ina the character of men Jto believe they respect women most, who respect themselves; who regard their rights as sacred, whether political or otherwise; who would exert their utmost influence to protect their homes, and 'maintain the institutions of n man and woman freedom, which every Jn possession of ordinary intelligence holds dearer than life itself. . free-bor- ples oMIfojUbeTty and the pursuit of happiness' bout which we hear so much said? We think not! Have womm no interest at stake in these matters. Have they no homes to guard, nor families whose future g is dearer to them than their own life? Here is an opportunity opened for woman to exercise a privilege which gives her power in' the government. Is It possible that women of Intelligence, women who have had great experiences and great knowledge of right and wrong, of injustice and oppression, can hojd such grand responsibilities lightly? It Is a matter of wonder and astonishment. Is it even good policy to be indifferent to one's highest interests in times of peace and prosperity? Assuredly not. "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty. ' Would that these grand words were framed in Jafga and glittering letters, and hung upon the walls jn the home of every family, that they might be ever present In the minds of the household. Are not those who sit at their ease and do not attend to the duties which devolve upon them in the common walks ot life culpable? Freedom is a precious boon; it is worth making strenuous efforts to retain, indeed it is worth almost any sacrifice. Then why this lethargy in regard to voting? Ia It for want of thought? In this Territory, where the privilege has been granted women of exercising the right of franchise, and with all the teaching and instruction that has been given from time to time, verbal and written, it Is remarkable .that women do not comprehend the power which is in their hands for good, and come forward in their united strength and help maintain the rights; which will secure to them'and those they love, and th-i- r children, the homen and the liberty of which iu times past they have been so unjustly deprived; yes, when tliey , and steps towards naturalization. Be advised step forward, that you may not be held responntyin political matters; sible for be sure they have a bearing upon your best . mi unaccountable, that knowing as they HOME AFFAIRS. Reminder: Relief Society Stake Secretaries are expected to forward reports to the for approaching ConSeptember 15th, 1831, semi-annu- ference. al ... The Secretaries of the several Branch Relief Societies of this Stake, will please send in their reports no later than the 5th of September, 1831. Direct to, Elizabeth HowARD,Stake Sec'y. Mrs. Zina D, Youn and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson expect to leave this city for the East about the 20th in st. We wish them a pleasant journey and trust they may do much good where-eve- r they may have an opportunity of speaking in public or in private. ' The Children's Fair for Salt Lake County Primary Associations will be held in this city Thursday, Friday, , and Saturday, September 15, 16, and 17, under the auspices of Mrs. Ellen C. 8. Clawson and her Counselors and assistants. There will be no charge made except the price of admission to visitors, which will be for adults lOcents, under 12 years of age Sets. All the associations are Invited to bring specimens of work. It is anticipated that this Fair will be held in the Social Hall. The following notice from the "San Francisco Chronicle" was received, "with a card bearing the compliments of the lady and gentleman and a pretty Japanese napkin, fine and soft as crape. The lady in the daughter of Judge W. W. Phelpg (deceased) and an occasional contributor to the Exponent. n J. friends, who reminded them that they intended to celebrate the tenth anniversary of their wedded life by .showering cn the Mill youthful couple a varied assortment of tinware, sufficient in quantity to sink a ship. Prominent among the presents were-- a large tin cradle, a complete dinner service, also of tin, on which the surprisers afterwards served a bountiful collation, and a gigantic tin star, emblematic of Mr. Lane's connection with the Police Department. After doing justice to the good things provided A most enjoyable evening was spent by the assembled guests in exchanging reminiscences of the past, dancing, singing, etc. UNIVERSITY OF DESERET. The first Term of the Academic Year 1881-- 82 of the University will begin Monday, August 22d, at 9 A. M., In the University building. In addition to the regular courses of study classes will be formed in French, German, and in Music and Harmony under the tuition of Mr. A. Andre: and others, also, in Drawing and in Painting, under the tuition of Mr. W. Armitage. For circulars, or further Information relative to the Institution, address, John R.Park, President of Faculty. FINE SPECIMEN OF UTAH SILK. Paul A. Schettler, Esq., of this city, has shown us a very superior quality of silk goods manufactured from the cocoons raised at his of the city. Mrs. Josephine farm south-eaSchettler (deceased) raised the cocoons and reeled the silk from which it was made; It was doubled and twisted at the new silk factory, a little way up City Creek Canyon. Not being able to get the silk woven here, Bro. Schettler sent it East some time ago, and the work was done at Patterson, New Jersey. The cloth is 33 inches in width, very superior in quality, and is pure in fabric, unlike the imported silk, which always contains some proportion of other material. These two pieces of silk are by far the most elegant we have seen of the home raised article. One is plain grey and the other is a handsome ' st brocade. COFFIN Classes In Obstetrics: Dr R. B. Pratt's class iu this branch of the medical profession, consisting of six ladies have Just finished their course of study and lectures, and passed their examination satisfactorily, with credit to themselves and the Dr. The ladies are Elizabeth M. Jones, South Cotton Wood, Sarah J. Banks, Spanish Fork, Jane M. Howell, Clifton. Idaho, Lucy AnnH. Woolf, Hyde Park, M. E. G. Vanschoo-veand Lucy Pratt Russell of this city. The ladies were blest and pet apart for their professional work, Saturday, August 13th, by President Joseph F. Smith and Counselor Daniel H.Wells. Their certificates are signed by Doctors Ellen B. Ferguson and .Romania B.. Pratt. These sisters are going out among the people to enter practically with due appreciation of its importance upon this work,They are women of experince and accuetomed to attending upon the tick, a tin wedding. C. Lane were agreeably surprised at their residence, No. 404 Capp street, on Saturday evening last by a large party of Mr. and Mrs. MRS RE-UNIO- N. ELM IRA P. TUFT. Dkak Madam: Your letter. and the one from Prof. Burfoot, apprising me that specimens of your vast wealth of minerals had been forwarded for the benefit of the Coffin were tiuly received. The box arrived the following day, aud the specimens appear to be in very Re-unio- good order. n, Please accept through me (as far as I am able to express the sentiments of the association,) its profound gratitude to you for so kindly remembering it in so generous a gift. I am very truly yours, Allen Coffin, Secretary T. C. R. A. 5 P. we personally very touch regret-tha- t shall not have your presence and that of your family at the but we. shall remember you kindly. A. C, 8.-- 1 Re-unio- n, 