WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A t a meetinsr of the Executive Committee held in August last, it was voted to erect two - bronze statues representing the patriarch Tristram Coffin arid '"jDionis Coffin, his wife, upon a broad pedestal, at an estimated expense of from view of the eight to ten thousand dollars. In is spirit already displayed in the matter, it descendants the that many hoped and believed be honored will be to thus who are of those prompt in responding to the call; and will contribute liberallyjto make up the desired amount with the least possible delay. It is earnestly desired that, in response to this circular, all members of the Coffin family who intend to be inpresent at the Reunion shall signify such tention in advance, and, if possible, at an early date, as the plans of the Committee will be much facilitated by their so doing. Those wishing to contribute to the Memorial Fund for the erection of the statues are earnestly requested to signify in writing the sums, larger or smaller, which they will be ready to It important that all persons responding by letter to this call should write their full names, giving both Christian contribute, of parents and grandparents, showing to what line of the Coffin family they belong, as such information may be interesting the names valuable. A collection of articles used by members of the family in olden time will be gathered together for exhibition during the week of fesand tivities. The Committee have in contemplation the publication of a, Life of Tristram Coffin, the founder of the family line in America, and from whom all persons by the name of Coffin in this country are descended, together with reminiscences 'of some of his most illustrious descendants. An outline of the family history from the earliest reliable data will also "be given, iitetrated with the different Coats of Arms, and other interesting views. The profits to go toward defraying the expenses of the celebration. Photograph copies of eight different oiljftaint-ing- s of some of the descendants of the first Richard Coffin, which now adorn the walls of Portledge, near Bideford, Devon County, England, and who flourished in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, it is hoped will be offered fur sale in aid of the celebration fund. It is also expected that medals will be struck anniverscommemorative of the ary of the death of the American ancestor, appropriately inscribed, that all who attend the Reunion may carry away with them a fitting memento of the celebration, the proceeds to be applied to the celebration fund. All correspondence should be addressed to the Secretary and Treasurer, Allen Coffin, Nantucket, Mass. two-hundred- ARTICLES th OF ASSOCIATION. association shall be known This as Tiie Tristram Cofetn Reunion Association. The object shall be the commemoration of the anniversary of the death of Tristram Coffin (the first of the race who settled in America). Its officers shall consist of a President, seven a Secretary and Treasurer, and an Executive Committee of thirty, the and Executive Board being deleat gated with power to increase their numbers any time. or married Any person who is a descendant become a to a descendant or Tristram Coffin may same member of this association by Paving the tee and paying to the Treasurer an admission of fifty cents. of Officers: Charles G. Coffin, Esq., two-hundred- th . Vice-Preside- nts Vice-Presiden- ts tucket, President; Mass. Editor Exponent: Dear Sister I have to thank you for givin in your excellent paper for the circular of the Tristrim Coffin and to oiler you an apology for the trouble I am giving you; but when the same is inserted I shall require many Nos. of the Exponent to send to my numerous relatives and friends in different parts of the United States, that they may join, as myself and family have done. I expect .to attend the "Memorial if my health permits, and expect some of my family will accompany me; each one of them will contribute to the Memorial Fund. I desire to show respect to the first of our ancestors, who settled on the island of Nantucket; and to clasp the hand of my living relatives in the bond of unity and friendship, which I trust I shall be space re-unio- n, Re-union- spared to do. Salt Lake-Cit- Allen Coffin, Secretary and Treasurer. W Nantucket, ," Elmiua Pink ham Tufts, Feb. 14, 1881. y, is also and sirname, and also middle name if they may have one. If possible, they may also state 151 AN ADRESS. ef E. Monch, in behalf of the Soeietir.i and Mutwd Improvement Aswea-tion- s Bj Iluthinda He-H- of Uie Weber Stake of Zion, on the 11th A nniwrsary of the BirtJi of Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith. Eliza R. Snow Smith. Dear Sister: We have met To this evening to celebrate the 77th anniversary of your birthr day. To us you are a bright shining star in Zion, and we feel, in justice to the noble work you have done among the sisters of Israel, and in this Stake particularly, that it is but befitting for us to show you, in this feeble way, our appreciation of your services. Your wise counsels have been given without money and without price; yet they are sacred and of far more value than the riches the world can afford. How often when overtaken with trials, and bowed down with grief has your timely advice and words of comfort brought peace and heavenly solace to the aching heart! It id your good fortune to carry the balm that heals the wound the anodyne that soothes the pain, the clear and beautiful light to guide the obedient, virttih' ous, faithful and true. The secret of all is this, have in rich abundance the spirit and influence of our just Father in Ileaven.who never fails to reward his obedient children, as he has you, for it is well known to us all, that you have been obedient to all the requirements made of you and therefore you are now in your old age beloved and cherished by your sisters, honored and respected by your brethren, esteemed and highly favored" by God our Eternal Father. Like your honored husband, you have done a noble work among your sex and you are, therefore, truly worthy to stand with him, side faithful of by side, upon Mount Zion with the yoU God's chosen few. Beloved sister, thou art dear To all the Saints assembled here; Honored, cherished, pure and bright, To all mankind a shining light. the heart, Thy counsel wise doth teach and and truth peace impart. And light We do delight to hear thj Toice, For well wo know thou'rt Hearen'i choice. Thy praises sung In prose and rhyme "" Have echoed forth in every clime Sweet anthems to the Lord and King, Till old and young its muses sing. Let us then clasp that aged hand That hath such blessings at command, And fondly love our sister dear A mother true to all that's here; be And may her years yet numbered free as Till Zion'a standard wafts As mountain breeze that sweeps the plain, Or loundless waves that surge the main, And all mankind $hill bow the knee In humble prayer to Trinity. From the Ogden Junction. THOMAS CARLYLE. In the death of Thomas Carlyle, the most considerable literary man of this generation has departed. Mr. Carlyle inherited ihe austere culture of a Scotch Presbyterian household, and with a view to the ministry. But lie declined Thaff calling after an intense mental struggle, out of which he came with, a definite renunciation of the religion he hW been expected to preach. After a time epnt in teaching, he settled upon literature as his life's business. It is. remarkable that he gained an earlier and wider recognition in this country than in Great Britain. The collection of his essays published in Boston through the introduction of Mr. Emerson was a revelation of the author to many of his own countrymen. He was one of the first to bring German literature to the notice ot the English mind, and his first publications were translations. It was in his "Sartor Resartus" that lie first came forward distinctively as a thinker, while he clothed his thoughts in a style so defiant of all recognized proprieties of composition as to be in the path of the reader. a stumbling-blocwas-educate- k ' As a historian he forever vindicated the memory of Oliver Cromwell and English Puritanism from the aspersions of two hundred years. His "French Uevolution" is rather a poem than a history. It everywheuo supposes the reader to be familiar with the focts, refers freely to many things with a bare referemfo in footnotes to 'the sources of information, but us unrolls a panorama, tho successive scenes in which are painted with something of preternatural vividness and power. His "Frederick the Great" was less successful. It is permeated with his later worship of force Julius Hare named it, the first articulate expression of which was in his "Heroes His scorn of liiman and rights, and consignment of tho mass of mankind to absolute rule of the strongest, not him in opposition to- the whole. tendency of modern life, and made him a prophet of evil to his bo-fo-re titan-olatry,'- as Hero-Worship- ." - generation. His name and works will live, not teaching, but stimulating thought. His essays include some things that have a chanee of longer lifd than his more elaborate books. If the voice of his countrymen could be heard, he should rest among the great in Westminster Abbey. Rut his own strong desire was that his body should lie beside that of his wife, whose Joss lias been so tenderly lamented for so many years of domestic solitude. Ex. WOMAN'S VOICE. Editor Exponent: We have a Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. Association in Pine Valley, and we are all striving to do what we can for the upbuilding of the Kingdom of God. We have lately had a visit from our worthy sisters, E. R. Snow Smith, Zina D. Young and Minerva W. Snow. They held thre meetings in thii place, giving the sisters some very good instruction, whien will long be remembered by them, and wis sohighly appreciated. We do not enjoy the ciety of such talented women often. While' here they organized a Primary Association, which I think will be the means of doing much Gosgood in implanting the principles of the chilpel in the young and tender minds of the adand dren, that "they may grow in the love monition of the Lord; for "as the twig is bent so does the tree incline." Ever wishing for the success of the Exponent, I remain your sister in the Gospel, C. S. Pine Valley, Feb. 6, 1881. Gardner. 