WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18 were enjoying wealth and worldly homes while we were not only enduring privation but were looked down upon and despised by the most of them and the people at large, and I saw a difference even in our own midst; those who could dress the finest were the ones who were most respected and admired, and they in turn looked upon those that did not dress and make as fine an appearance vis themselves; this had always been the case; as a sample I will relate a little circumstance that happened to me when a little child, which no doubt helped to mold my 'fu- ture character. School was out for noon and I having an apple one of my mates asked me for a piece of it when handed her the apple, as she was it another biting girl some five years our senior whose parents were well off and had not as yet been called to leave their home or sacrifice any property, with a proud look said "I wouldn't touch her apple;" one of hcr'companions asked why? When she said why "her father's poor" I the other laughingly replied "I'm sure he don't look very poor," meaning in flesh. -- Having a proud and sensitive nature her words stung me and though I said nothing I remembered It. This was the first time that I ever realized that I was poor or that poverty was considered any disgrace. We had a comfortable home and orchard and I had not wanted for any thing, abd was much better off than numbers of my, little mates, but to the sequel. Years passed which brought many changes and when in my teens this same girl took a great fancy to me and sought me for a companion though I was ho much the youngest. Our acquaintance ended in a dec and lasting friendship; and though our circumstances were afterwards reversed I never referred to it and she most likely never knew how she wounded me, when teas a poor mans child. I am very sorry to have it to say that there is too much of this spirit manifested among us now,'not only in the hearts of some of the children lint. nMpr nnw n guilty who bear the name of Latter-daSaints and should be mord exemplary but instead are stumbling blocks to the weak, as well aa a reproach to the cause which we have espoused. I confess that there were times when I wished that my father had never heard of "Mormon-ism- " and then we might have been rich instead of which he had given his money and all his time from the beginning,and left us with barely enough to subsist upon. I thought that worldly riches would bring happincss,and I believed tha't if my father would only leave the "Mormons" and return to his former home, he would soon accumulate wealth and I fancied that life there would be one round of pleasure and worldly enjoyments; but these temptations were only momentary, being of a hopeful nature the cloud would soon burst and I could see a bright future in imagination. I was always indulging in castle building, and my pleasures were too often anticipated and very seldom realized, until experience taught me to take such things as and let they came and enjoy take care of itself. Until my faith was established and I knew for myself that this work was true,and that my future happines or misery depended upon the course I took here whether I received or rejected the nnWinlpa in &c everlaifing Gospel, T ag like, a ship ' sr. anchor liable to be tossed to 'and fro without the various trials and temptations that beset -by me. When a child I had nprfWt fitV. nn,l confidence to. ask of God because I knew nothing of the opposite power and my faith had not been tested. I believed this to be the true church because mv parents did and I trusted to their judgment believing all they told me to be. true. What a responsibility there is resting can ynuy say ine .Lnra naa ij.vu j.ireiu. been Very me and I consider that I id good was exceedingly fortunate in being biased with afFeriforiato and wisa parents who gtrt mo I y to-da- y w r.0;i " timely advice and admonition, though it was not always agreeable and I was'incapable of appreciating it at the time, but how often I look back with a grateful heart that I was preserved from falling into the snares set to lead the vouth ofZion down to perdition. Xo my young friends who may have experienced similar trials I will say "seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness and all other things shall be added thereto;" " for this is the only legitimate way for us to obtain happiness; Ikvow this to be true and would that it were possible for me to impress it upon the minds of the youth that they might not have to suffer sorrow and perhaps despair and.everlasting woe. How truthful are the following lines from Pollock's Coures of Time. "Love God.love truth,love virtue, and be happy. . "These were tho words first uttered in the car Of every Ijcing made, and made For thought, or word, or deed accountable. Most men the first forget, the second none. Whatever path they took by hill or vale, By " gifted with inspiration for . "The final hour of grace is fully past. The time accepted for repentance, faith, And pardon, is irrevocably past; And justice unaccompanied, as wont, With mercy, now goes forth, to give to all According to their deeds. Justice alone; For, why should mercy, any more be joined? What hath not mercy, mixed with judgment, done, That mercy mixed with judgment and reproof, Could do? 'Did I not revelation make," Plainly and clearly, of my will entire? Before them set my holy law, and give Them knowledge, wisdom, prowess, to obey, And win by works, eternal life? R' belled, did I not send them terms of peace, Which, not my justice, but my mercy asked? d Terms co&tly to my Son,; To them gratuitious, exacting faith Alone for pardon, works evincing faith? Have I not early risen, and sont my Seers, I'rophet?, apostles, teachers, ministers, With srgns and wonders, working in my name? Have I not still, from ago to age, raised up, As I saw needful great religious men, GIf ted bf me with large capacity; And by my arm omnipotent upheld, To pour the numbers of my mercy forth, And roll my judgments on the car of man? And lastly when tho promised hour was come, What more could most abundant mercy do?" self-wroug- well-belove- I hope to be pardoned for quoting so much from this Poem but much that lie describes I know to be true having been taught these great and important lessons in the school of experience. The principles contained in this the Gospel of Christ are so clearly set forth and explained by Him that no Latter-da- y Saint who will read this wurk can doubt that ho was 7 "Hold my right hand, Almighty! and me teach Harmonious with the morning stars, and pure As those of sainted bards, and angels sang, Which wake the echoes of eternity That fools may hear and tremble, and the wise Instructed listen of ages yet to come." The Author of this book was certainly a remarkable man raised up and inspired to write it but the labor was so arduous that it affected his health and cost him his life ho dying in the twenty-nintyear of his age. His grave bears h the following inscription: "The Grave of Robert Pollock, A M., Author of "The Course of Time," His Immortal Poem Is His d This book if read with care, might prove a great benefit to the young and thoughtless in bringing their minds to reflect upon what is of the greatest importance; the day "when all will be called to give an account of the deeds done in the body" and not wait until, the day has come and, "The hour of grace, r To strike the lyre, but seldom 6truck to notes night or day, the universal wi6D, heaven-appointe- un the nrst page . The muse, that soft and sickly wooes the car Of love, or chanting loud in windy rhyme Of fabled hero, raves through gaudy talo Not overfraught with sense, I ask not; such A strain befits not argument so high. The aim, and sole intent was happiness: Bnt erring from tho path, Strange tracks they took through barren wastes, And up the sandy mountain climbing toiled, "Which pining lay beneath the curse ol God, And naught produced: yet did the traveller look, And point his eye before him greedily, As if he saw 6ome verdant spot where grew The heavenly flower, where sprung the well of life, Where undisturbed felicity reposed; Though wisdom's eye no vestige could discern, That happiness had ever passed that way. Wif dom was right, for still the terms remained Unchanged, unchangeable, the terms on which True peace was given to man: unchanged asiGod, Who, in his own essential nature, binds Eternally to virtue happiness; Nor lets them part through all his Universe." hi3 mind soared above mu vam wimgs urounu mm. he writes, Monument. Erected By Admirers of His Genius." If the mist or vail which hides the Eternities from our view could only be removed for a moment and we could have a slight glimpse of things as they are there oh, how vain and worth-Jes- s the things around us would seerm Would any of us condescend to read novels or be willing to waste a moment of the time allotted to U3 to prepare ourselves to dwell "there? t think not, then why not listen and obey the voice of wisdom and ever seek for the spirit that can lift our hearts above the paltry things around tis enabling us to cultivate that "love which all understanding that will fill our hearts with meekness,j mercv nmlvli'irifv tn. y wards our fellow beings. Ourj Savior saidJ "If you do right in all other ihinqs and lack charity ve are not mine" and also "To do unto othrr as you would have them do unto you." Everything in the world is so uncertain and chanrre- aoie mat a person wno is wealthy y mav be a beggar and vice versa; so would it not be better for us all to show civility and even politeness to one another? Jesus said, "This is my commandment, that ye love one another, as I have Toved you," and "If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you, "If ye were of the world the world would love its own. "If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute" you:" The people .of the world must be very blind not to see tho facts as they are or how can they deny that this is the true Church of Christ? I hope that these few scattered idea and reflections may help to stimulate and stir up the pure mind's in the way of remembeance that in the last day we may not be found on the left hand of our Father when He utters these awful words, " Ye Icnev: your duty, but ye did it not" " sur-passe- th to-da- to-morr- In the university of Kansas a woman fills the chair of Greek language and literature, Miss Kate Stephens, she has- held the"positioir three years. - Jennie June" has gone to spend the reason in Europe. Miss Sprague "The Earnest Trifler" has gone abroad for the summer. Bishop Hav- en at the American Woman's Rights Meeting at Des Moinesjowa said "Only the ballot in the hands of women can save this nation from bankruptcy in finances, minds and moral.. As a nation of drunkards they will entail hereditary diseases and vitiated tastes not upon eoiw only, but upon the daughters, the mothers of men ateo. -- 