The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 10. TO MY FRIEND. Into my bosom dropped a star, From ont the Heaven's vast firmament, And there so pure and bright it lay, I scarce believed to me Hwas sent. I clasped it close with wild delight, I bathed its crimson rays with dew, for love was blind, But now I know, dear friend,'twa& you. I wondered much, Into toy bosom breathed a song, From spheres celestial, pare and clear, Its harmonies my soul entranced, And life stood still its strains io hear. My saddened heart it filled with joy, Breathed o'er my spirit strength anw, I wondered much, for love was dumb, But now I know, sweet friend, 'twas you. Into my bosom crept a flower, Entwined around my heart to kiss, Its glorious beauty dunned my eyes, Its fragrance steeped each sense in bliss. Perfumes of Araby the blest, Exhaled from out its petals blue, I wondered much, till love confessed, That 6tar, and'song, and flower were you. Anonymous. 1881LiXE 10, Sjllt Citt, February A FEW INCIDENTS. Desiring to inspire faith in the minds of our young people, I have decided to ; publish some items from manuscript vrhich I have in my possession, that I think will be interesting to the readers of the Exponent. It will also give to the young some idea what their mothers and the veteran, women of this Church have endured for the principles pf this faith, or for the Gospel's .sake; These items are from the writings of a lady now deceased, Louisa I. .. Pratt. of Beaver. :..:: .'. "I have: had deep experience in this kingdom: having spent over 40 years in active service. I was raised under the influence of the Episcopal Church; continued steadfast in that faith until I heard the fulness of the Everlasting Gospel, revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith in this our day. And verily it was by the power and goodness of God that it was made known to me, for I would not believe the testimony of the Elder who taught me, although I knew him to be a man of candor and truth. I had known the Scriptures from my: childhood , and I knew his teachings were in strict accordance with the apostolic doctrines, yet I would not acknowledge it to him.-- . At length I resolved to know1 independent of any human testimony: 6 with all. the energy with which my soul was endowed, I cried unto the Xord;and suddenly the light heart like the burstjupon my sun breaking forth from.behind . a dark cloud when the is clothed in blackness; the Bible was iif sky hand my and had it been printed in and " 'goldencapitals beenlof doubtful meaning it would not have looked half so beautiful; joyunutterable per- - ' meated my whole existence. One week: ; passed away, I was conscious realizing more true joy in that ishort time than in all the years of my life, which numbered 35?We. were living on ; the banks of Lake Erie, enjoying all the comforts and many of the luxuries of life.', Jackson County, "Missouri was then the centre of attraction in my mind. husband was an unbeliever He invited a My Baptist preacher to visit ui, hoping' by powerful arguments-hwould convince me of my rror,? ' . 3 : : ; ; . 1 e as he listened to our discussion ho saw the fallacy and lameness of his reasoning, and discerned hat the Bible was a, sealed book to the noted preacher. He went to Ivirtland on purpose to learn what he could of the origin of the work which was creating such , excitement through the country. While there became convinced pf its truth and was baptised. He returned, and testified to his astonished brethren of the Presbyterian order of the great things he had seen and heard; but they would not believe. In process of time we found ourselves identified with the Saints in Nauvoo enlisted hearts and hands to build the Temple. In 1843 Mr. Pratt was called on a mission to the Pacific Isles. Our property was invested in land, in the State of Indiana; there was no ready' means to be left for my support, with four young children, all daughters. I 'felt that I must nerve my heart to contend "against the world, the flesh and the devil." The Saints were poor, I must "paddle my own canoe." I formed my plans and commenced in earnest, great was my trust in God. I had never learned to distrust men who had the reputation of being j'ust; but I found that even such ones sometimes failed, while others were better than , their promises. I adopted a rule which I have ever since found to be invaluable. I determined that my word should be my bond,and though I promised to my loss, I made that promise good. This more than all else of my experience in battling the storms of life aloneT wish published, for the encouragement of numbers of my aisteis who like me are left to manage their own business and provide for their families! I had acquired a tolerable education in the government schools in Lower Canada; was capable of teaching all the common branches, beside I was a good seamstress. I was left in a small log house, I immediately set about building a framed house,1 buying, the lumber By the time the building was completed I had won the reputation of being a punctual business woman. I was proud of my house, lived in it three winters, had to make a sacrifice of it when we left Nauvoo; never realising but $15,00 in exchange for the house and two City Lots. Soon alter my companion left home, serious accidents happened to my children, one was nearly crushed to death by the fall of a seat loaded with-- people. The young children who were with her ran through the crowd asking for Elders to come and administer to the poor girl: they did so, and she was brought home to me as from the dead. I never thought of a Doctor, but there Mfas earnest pleading with Him who has power to teal; 'and befbre the dawn of the coming1 morn she Vwas cheerful and able, to relate the whole affair; and soon she was wholly restored, and my heart comforted. The next that happened , the small pox was brought e place by the return "of my brother-in-lafrom Mass. coming up the Miss., on a Steamer. Hearing of his' return, I hurried with my ' four children to the house to see him. My two eldest had been vaccinated the other two had not. 'T myself had been, likewise my sister 17' ' years before. I stood by ids bedside, , gazing children standing upon him with wonder-th- e by. He told me to be on my guard, he feared what it might be; and I withdrew. The neigh- bors were alarmed when !l they' found ',' T had been exposed, they would not venture them' ' selves into my house. ; The fears of my friends excited faith in me on.-credi- , 1 , 1881. t. , i , to-th- w , to resist the power of the destroyer., I reasoned with them, that they should help, me,"' to have faith in the power of Godf that jHe would not -suffer such an affliction to come on me when my husband had been called on a foreign mission to ; preach the Gospel of Christ, andjeft me to bear the burdens of life alone My faith . increased as I uttered the w'ords,and I deejajred . in the name bf the Lord that the smal lpox should not come under mroojf ! that rwbulo!;; claim the' right to resist it ' by the; power1 of God ! one child I watchedf , closel praying, continually thaf, I might not have io recalf iny words. At the close ot the 9th day 1 saw symptoms of fever, a tremor in the neck. I laid the girl in the upper room, and struggled with, my determination. At length I discovered on ' the knee and fingers of the child nin6 Jyery small pimples; still I did not waver or doubt. Seeing a brother on the street whom I ; knew would not be afraid, I took the child to , him . to be examined, he haying been acqualn ted with the disease pronounced it an attack, in mild form, that it would not enlarge, ordo ner harm, but would prevent in all luture ner ' taking the disease. Tbejame proved true to the letter as she was afterwards exposed in Cali' fornia, when, the tyrant was making fearful' ravages. . Then did I render than, that 'nly against the direst of all ail daughter was proof ' " ments. . 1 ; , . . v ' . ! EXPRESSION OF THANKS. Dear Editor: Every number I receive of your, valuable paper seems to me more and : morS interesting and instructive. The noble ladies who write )for the paper I for one feelTi to thank for their kindness in making, it so truly valuable in the cause of truth and , right; eousness, and I sincerely wish it. was patronizi ; ed by all who love the truth. I !also thank. that Jady who gave us such a graphic descrip tion of what our little children are doing , in the Primary Association. It was very pleas--, ing to read it, I assure vou. I also have wished many times to thank, through the Exponent, t those noble ladies of the Woman's SunraAss ciation for their good and generous feelings toward the women of Utah- - I know we aU.! really appreciate their acts of kindness towards,;. us, and i, leel my sentiments are those-o- f many,, others 'of our 'people... ' I, too, often .thought with Sister Helen Mar . Whitnev. that if the Book, of Mormon was a little larger in print many would read it vrho do not , This lias been a source of re-- ( to gret myself many times as my sight U filling me, and I al ways delight to read that book, and think it a great blessing, to live in such an,,' age, when truth has sprung out of the ground, . . . . . . : . ( ; , r. . , - to-da- y. and Hghjleousn ven, for the good of a fallen world. Then let us as sisters stnigglebn jn the cause of ruthf and never becdmewearv:in well AcT'tt- for in . nine we snau rean. li.we iamt not. for the"? 'success the future of Ex- Hoping ponent, 1 remain yours, in the cause of truth. ' - . . ' - Ellen Mary . : No.-7- . Sojourn EB Trutil 1. . Vfn . . McKay, ....... who is now one hundred , . : nlfl nn rwvuinnnr wionHw a r .iti'' sent of aiilk dres3 from .England cxpffle4 hope that she ?aight'coninae;-- 'sbjoHrno; hern belo ,lqng enough 'f,n Veariout. . $ t -- 