KB till ONENT. OMAN'S ' T3 A WORD TO MOTHERS. FORE STREET. Of On July 9th a meeting was held at the house of Mrs. Vialls, Forestreet. Miss Downing and others addressed those asembled,and a petition in favor of the resolution was adopted. ; , Suffrage Journal. Mothers talk much with your children and little to them. You whbse "feet are beautiful upon the mountains of experience can show to them the path which Jed you hither, and speak of the thorns that pierced your tender hands when tumbling over some rock of mistake, WoMn-en- 's i Homo Mad Trunlui tor Jate Aceot for the C UTJ-E-B, O"0 3BC" fci 'X' PBOYO-WOOLE- by JOU3 c, MILLS, Old N Constitution Bnlldlnn also BOMB k Brown Tarns, Oottoo Battlnf, White Tarns, Shawls LtnwjBt OototedTanis, Caaslmers, Tweeds . Wort Battta, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc, Etc. yir j r . doubt or uncertaintKrou fell, by the wayside. One tender looking confidential talk is worth many; stern admonitions. Advice antagonizes and humiliates. Sympathy encourages and elevates. The mother wno steals her arm gently about her darling and says, 'I made that mistake, or I gave way to iat temptation, and I would save you that pain which 1 have suffered," wins a lasting victory over the most alluring temptation. Rebuke rouses antagonism and rebellionind back of these is concealed the adversary. If the child is mother's confident the door is ajar for, all good influences and happy results, and the mother may make her responsibility, lighter by putting her children upon their personal responsibility toward God , and then saying I will go with you and aid you all I can by, rhy Joye, sympathy and instruction, but the results of your actions are between you and God.j&. M. F. It. RUSTICATING. There, lies in the southeastern part of Utah, called high up in the mountains, a pretty-lakPanguitcjvor by some Fish Lake; about two miles long by a mile wide.' Its depths are, litsalmerally tfltopked) with fresh pinky-colore- d - We are up here paying a sum-me- rV visit, and right pleasant .it is, too., I havetraveled, through the territory a great deal, but the scenery near this lake .surpasses all that I have ever seen in Utah in 'grandeur and beauty. One scene is gemmed in my memory. A little vale, spit carpeted with changing greens, surrounded; by the mountain tops, whose: sides hold sentinel-pine- s that rise in lofty pride and frown upon the quaken-as- p that trembles at their wrath The little vale is checkered here and there with silvery spots that show which way the streamlet runs. Across the shepherd drives his murmuring sheep into the fold, and the lone hut bids welcome home with open door and curling smoke to wfcfcry travelers ' The pale blue sky, with banks Qt dusky clouds, the lovely scene spread out belowi th$ hush and calm of Nature's bosom thrills me. with unknown delight. I sit herp in the doorway of our unpretentious cottage, and at - my feet the lake . 18 rippling and curling as only lakes can do, Sometimes I see reflected in its calm clear eyes the brown-face- d mountains opposite, Around: the lake rise wondrous hillsiwith wooded tops. A little valley with its light green meadows goes up to :? meet the mountains on? !the west. Around, about, an. overhead the' -- scene is beautiful. SomUmea!, at twilight, the; boat comes in to shore,; and o'er the, waters floats the; sound .of music v rMy eyes are filled with tears, and as the singers ;chant, 'Nearer, my God, to Thee," ray heart is all too full for utterance. ride, up in the canyons, and, one such r ! trip may describe to you, al though my words are tame and poor compared with what the eye would tell to you were you but here. Get in our, wagon and we will take iyou, to the pretty spring, whosa depth gives it the name of "Blue Spring." The road n winds through the pines, past running streams, and crosses over a mea- dow to the hills beyond.' .We climb up a half mile, swing round a little plateau, and here, we . are, A (perfect circle full 50 feet across holds down: in its bosom a faultless spring of ice cold water. : We 'scramble down the rim and walk out on.tho pine tree flung from side to side,and look-dinto this lakelet's pretty eyes. We gather at its brink wild roses and geraniums, and climbing up its sides we spread our shawls beneath the trees, and drink m all the loveliness oil this l6ne spot. The wind tells mournful stories in the pines. jQne tale it tells is this: A maiden in the far-of- f olden time, with sweetest eyes of blue, laid all she loved beneath the sod. Down her cheeks there flowed a stream of tears, and raising oft her eyes, she prayed to Jove to let her watch over that dear grave for.The ever, prayer was heard, and eyes of blue were circled round with earth's broad arm and down the.. hill, the; tears flowed j as a silver., stream, while, lofty, trees caught up: the maiden's: voice, and with their boughs bore to each d other, the tale of love and ' and so the eyes of blue, the sighingconstancy, voice are ever near: the ?pot; HoiLtsrciN.: on-trout. , What harm would it have done the Inter National Medical College it the Queen had withdrawn her name as patron ? It would have been worth while to find out; Real values do not require names. Ex. FoRa woman who has got on so well in the world, it is decidedly mean in Queen Victoria to object to the presence bf women in the In t temational Medical Congress, who simply ask the right to earn their own living in an humble : : Some-times.- yr&y. : Springfield Republican. we T. DR. ELLIS j The Boston Herald well says: "In setting herself against the admittance of female physicians to the medical congress, the Queen has shown herself illiberal, but in rather an absurd light logically, unless she wishes to discountenance the entry of women - into7 one profession most suited to them, and most needing them." . f Homo - Made SILK CUTJLEIi'S cbiiQJfi STORE. r DR. Jl. B. 'O XS 1ST ; rp X RVhtt " oft-tol- - I e I 0ITIC& . - mi , Omci and RbxdxsCm over Contributor Office, north of Z.C.H.L ... .:, s. Obstetrics and Diseases- of Women and Children as ' tiTTliNTfcH STB OPPOSITE SALT; -- . , 33 IES Xj Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST and BEST SELECTED STOCK Of SHOES DOOTS, & ' SLIPPERS. Also, full and desirable Jlnes, best brands obe found in the West. Shoes, art FdLxxe K2T Jour Order SdUtited. XJTJlsrDPOD. C3-S- O. F. AUERBACH & BRO. HAVE -- BEUOVED T6 THEIB MEW STORE, 80S. 124 4 126 CALL AND EXAMINE J tSJ" Spring and Siiniiucr Goodi4,"Xsa DATID JAMBS, tor BUMSETS celebrated LIFT and FQBCE rAgeutPumps Kepalred on short notice,. Orders from PUMPS, - m...the country promptly responded to.v 'fST.AAlrtm, David JuruB&SaULaU(Xtv PAID urn fuH Bet. in the i - TTWLEALE 'j!xD ilETAIL DEALERS IN DRY G60DS, N 6 T IONS, GROGEIUES, HEAVX SHELF HARDWAflE, GLASS & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLE11ENT8, Etc. A-- T SALT TELAKE ApIITj'0 .CITY. ' nna rwkb.. Special Departmentj tar Carpeteu. Ladles' and and pomesdes, 8torea, GJhawh DRIED FRUITS Qtaxrtninf. OF ILL CUSSES WWIHL. i H. D1NWOODEY, SPtlH 10$. tilt ato krtAit pktLxa nr FEltlEfis'ntl' iilTTIESSES FIFE! 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, A SALT LAKE CITT. tT'i '' 1 irora coo tooU 'usa ta SHIPR PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. WHnr.rsAtJS f 11. TINNER, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTER. Preston Powers' marble bust of John G. Whittier has been placed in the East Room of the Boston Public Library, and represents the poet in amusing mood, with head slightly bent. The same artist's bust of PresTden t Garfield was begun in his studio at Florence on the.day1 of the attempted assassination. Ex. : City for the August was unusually large, n , : Sali-Lak- ; During the past fifteen years, the Congressional Library has doubled three-timesand if the present rate of ' increase continues, it will not :take long to reach .4 million volumes. In 1814the library founded in 1800 contained 3,000. volumes, and was burned by the British when they captured Washington. Ex1. - 7Wm6rMtpin month of Desires the Ladies of SaJt L&ke and tboee visiting the City, .to call at her Sbx Rooms and see ber New Stock of MILLJ-NEKThe latest and moBtftyllsh modes of HatsandBoo-net- s, tnStraw. Feltand Velret.'! Abo, a ntoe se)Mtka' In Fkmers, Feathers Plus beg, Velvet and Ktbbous in the fittest shades and ttrtpes. Country Dealers, pleaae OftlL "LadJeB Hair Work Ja alt Its branches,' Good U'orfc Quarantced l OlilldroxL'a , , ST : s . FASlOSfJiio. IT JSAST TEMPLE 1MTR3. O-- GS. 3D"3nS, PALACE OF ROMANIA B. . PRATT, 0" aLcl -- I Surcoon. UU;'hOUS. ETB'eut EAR. ' -- t 