WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EJUIEMNE B. WfAJH, Published Edltorr in Salt Lake City, Utah Terras: One copy .one year, $3. 00; one copy elx months SI .00 Ten copies for the price of nine. .Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil fepaec, one time, $2.50: per mouth, $3.(K), ; A liberal dihcoliut to semi-monthl- y, regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Eablisher Woman's Ea.tonkkt, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, BRIGHAM JUNE 1, 1881. YOUNG. This people doubtless remember that June 1st, is the birthday of Brigham Young, one of the moat distinguished men of the nineteenth century, and for more than thirty years President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter daySainls. .. His remarkable works are living monuments to the memory of the illustrious man who led the hosts of Israel through the wilderness, and sought out a safe abiding place, where towns and cities have been built, peace and plenty multiplied and temples reared to the Most High, and the standard of Zion unfurled to all nations. Honor to the name of Brighani The children of the Saints should be Young. taught to revere his memory. It seems only a slight tribute to the memory of such a man,tbat the day of lite birth should be remembered by the people for whom he labored. The successor of. Joseph Smithy the greatPxophet of the last dispensation, and himself Prophet, Seer and Revelator of the Church for so long a period. In the Jouriieyings of the Saints from Nauvoo, he displayed the greatest ability as a leader, enduring in common with the masses of the people the toils and hardships incident to pioneer life, ever encouraging and cheering them under all trials and difficulties. To Brigham Young ab-- belongs the credit of practically establishing the institution of Celestial Marriage, revealed through the Prophet Joseph and taught during his lifetime, yet never proclaimed publicly or the revelation published to the world, until after the people had permanenthemselves in this Territory. It tly-settled took almost superhuman courage to face the which such an innovation upon tradition and custom aroused. But Brigham Young proved himself equal to the emergency, and maintained the d'gnity of a man called of God to briug about His divine purposes, through every struggle brought to overthrow the practice of this patriarchal law Resigned to benefit and bless the human race. At an advanced age in life, he traveled north, south, eat and west, to organize and strengthen the Stakes of Zion, and perfect the order of the quorums of the Holy Priesthood. He was a true friend to the Indiaus, and hia policy was ever to preserve peaco with them and aid them in the path to civilization. Feed them and clothe them, instead of fighting them, was his manner of treatment. But for the wis dom and prudenco he manifested towards these ravages at an early period in the settlement of the country, there can be no doubt the lives and property of the people would have been Jeoparto-da- y, op-jositi- exjten-Hivel- dized. on y, . Brigham Young re orgauized the Relief Sod-itwhich placed woman upon a higher platform than ihe had been heretofore considered entitled o. He originated Jthe idea of Mutual Improve y, ment Associations, such as exist for our young people throughout the Church at the present time. He set the pattern in his own faml!y,and called upon Sister Eliza R. Snow taorganizehia He afterown daughters into an Association. wards called upon Junius F. Wells to organize the young men into Associations. He believed in women holding the ballot, and was anxious that the women. of thU Territory should enjoy the franchise, and was instrumental in securing President Young, was to them this privilege. also,desirous the women of Zion should publish a paper in their own interest, and was solicitous ihat it should be extensively circiilated,and that the sisters should preserve their volumes and have them bound, for, said he, "it will contain a portion of Church history, the record of the work3 and experieneeT of women," and in honor of him the paper was first issued on his birthday, the 1st of June, 1872. He also called upon the sisters to store up grain against a day of need, to use their influence to dissuade their husbands fromsendiug it out of the country. In short, his life was made up of the excellencies of labor To enumerate all his In the interests of Zion. marked characteristics and unwearied, 6trong and labors would require greater ability than we possess, and would fill volumes. a He was indeed a man of the people, raised p when there was desperate need of strength of character and a will indomitable in surmounting difficulties brought to bear against the chosen people of God. The mantle of Joseph fell upon him, and he was, it seemed,instantaneously endowed with power from on high, preparatory to the great work assigned him to do. His labors were in- deed arduous, we might say the burdens laid upon him were grievous to be borne, but his strength was equal to his day. He has finished his work here and passed behind the vail to join Joseph and Hyrtim and the hosta who . are awaiting the morning of the first resurrection. In closing, wo will quote a stanza from the poem written ujou his death and burial, by Eliza R. Snow: There sleeps, the weary flesh, aud rests in peace, of the ac, While he, the master-spiri- t Associates with tljo first great leader of This Dispensation iu tho courts above. He loved his people their fcigh destiny "Will be a monument to Brignam Young. EDITORIAL NOTES. Sisters E. R. S. Smith, E. C. 8. Clawson and L. B. Felt went to Granite yesterday to organize a Primary Aessociation in that Ward. Sister Zina D. H. Young and M. Isabella Home left for Richfield May 23d to attend the Sisters' Conference of Sevier Stake, which was expected to convene the 27th ult. They intend to visit through the settlements of Sevier County before returning. Ladies Conferences: Weber Stake Conference will be held iu Ogden, 9th, 10th and llih of this month. Tooele Stake Conference will be held in Grantsvillc 6h the 11th and 12th of J une Box Elder Conference in Brigham City the 13th and 14th of June. Utah Stake Conference wa3 held the 27th of May; Sisters Eliza R. Snow and E. S. Taylor, of this city attended. Volume Tkn of the Woman's Exigent commences with this number. We recommend to our agents throughout the country to make an effort to collect eubscrlptions due, and also to use their utmost influence to promote the circulation of the woman's paper, by seeking to impress upon the sisters the necessity of speaking for them-pelv- e and defending their position from 'lyiL- of liioco who so basely misrepresent their iocial retLv. There Is every reason to the-on--h- believe that during the nine years since the pa. per was established, much good has already been done and much more remains to be done by means of woman's pen. Sister Armelia C. RJgler, of Nephi, sends us items of a surprise party given there on the 10th of May, in honor of Sister Ellen MiJhr, President of the Teachers. The Teachers of the Ward wentsupplied with good things, and with their smiling faces and merry hearts sought to cheer her loneliness, as her husband is at way upon a mission. After the supper was over, Sister liller expressed herself exceedingly grateful for the good feelings shown to her, and blessed the Teachers who were asf ociated with her in her labors, and related same very interesting inci- dents from her early experience in the Church. Several sisters bore their testimouj, expressing her love and esteem for Sister Miller, for her faithful labors in the Relief Society, in the Primary Association and in the Sabbath School. There were songs, recitations and toasts, and the company dismissed with singing and prayer. HOME AFFAIRS. Utah County. The total number of names enrolled for the Utah County Primary Association, and deposited in the Jubilee Box, are two thousand two hundred and forty-seveTwenty-four Associations in this county are in a flourishing condition, and are thus represented. -- n. Nettie South worth, Secretary, The Conference of R. S.,Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A, of Salt Lake Stake, will be held on the 17th and 18th insts., in the 11th Ward Assembly Rooms. The presidents and officers of all the branches of these organizations in the County are earnestly solicited to be present, as also all tho members and others who can attend. The Presidency of the Stake and Bishops are cordially invited to be present. Secretaries should send in their reports as early in June as possible. Mb. and Mrs. A. J. Boyer, both newspaper correspondents from San Francisco, are spending a few days in thi3 city. Mrs. Boyer for four or five years edited the "Golden Dawn," a very able magazine, devoted to Woman's work. She is best known by her nom de plwnc, "Dora Darmoore." The lady is a talented writer of both prose and poetry. The lady is on her way to visit friends in the East. We wish them a pleasant sojourn in the City of the Saints. On Sunday afternoon, May 22nd, a Primary Association was organized in Big Cot tonwcod Ward. Bishop and Counselors were present, also Sister Elizabeth Howard, president of the Relief Society of the Ward, and Sis-teE. R. S. Smith and E. B. Wells, of Salt Lakq City. Bishop Brinton selected the officers and Sister Eliza organized. Esther H. Davis President; Mary Nielsen and Mary W. Brinton) Counselor?; Mary Sutherland, Secretary; Brana-haB. Bituer, Assistant Secretary; Louise Brockbank, Treasurer. Ninety-si- x names enrolled. rs ni Tuesday, May 17, a Primary Association ytm organized in the 21st Ward, Bishop Burt and Counselors being in attendance. A large , number of the leading sifters were present and much goodjnstruction was given to the children and parents on the training of the little folks. Sister Eliza H. S Smith effected the organization! Bishop Burt making the selection of officers. Mary Davis, President; Elizabeth Gauge and Mary Ann Hlgham, Counselors; FusionTSmitb, Secretary; Alice Steers, Assistant Secretary. Arthur Castleton, Treasurer. One hundred and? thirty names were enrolled; 