WOMAN'S EXPONENT. at A sumptuous supper followed, the blessing the tables being prounced by the veteran Bishop, TRIP TO KANAB. Edward Hunter. After supper speeches were made and many good wishes and congratulations tendered Sister Woodruff by those present. folBishop Hnnter was the first speaker, then lowed Bishop Hardy, Sister Preendia L. Kimball, Elder George Goddard, Elder George ReyMrs. E. B. nolds and Sister M. I. Home. Wells read a poem, "The Pioneer Mothers," inscribed to Sister Woodruff", composed by Emily u Hill Woodmansee. Mrs. E. B. Ferguson sang "Nearer my God to Thee," Brothers Goddard and Marks joining in the chorus. Couif. D. H. Well?, Pres. John Taylor, Hon. C. W. Penrose, Sister S. M.. Kimball and Bishop Thomas Taylor all expressed themselves in a few words and happy congratulations, good wishes, etc. Some hymns were sung during the evening, and the hymn, "We thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet," was joined in by the wholo company, and the party closed with prayer by Brother Edward Stevenson. The affair was really an enjoyable one, the only drawback being the absence of Bro. Woodruff. We add our cordial congratulations, and wish ister Woodruff many years of future usefulness and prosperity, and a continual increase of wisdom and knowledge concerning the prinE. B. W. ciples of eternal life. SOCIAL GATHERING. On Monday, Feb. 28, a large number of ladies and gentlemeu, friends of Mrs. Emmeline B. to Wells, met at her residence in the 13th Ward, celebrate the anniversary of her birthday (although she was born on the 29th). The party, which was a complete surprise to Sister Wells, included President John Taylor, Apostle F. D. Pen72;chards, Coun. D. H. Wells, Hon. C. W. rose, Hon. Wm. Jennings, Elder George Rey- nolds, and wives, with from forty to fifty more, who all united in this expression of their esteem and respect for her. After the company had all assembled, Sister Wells was the recipient of a series of surprises Tvhich she endured with considerable fortitude. In the first place, her daughters presented her with an elegant gold chain, and this was followed by the reading of a poem, a birthday greeting from Mrs. Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson then, in the name of those present, and others who were unavoidably absent, presented Sister Wells with a handsome gold watch as a token of appreciation of her valuable services to the women of Zion in all their organizations in the Church, as the unflinching advocate of their social, political and religious freedom, and as a testimonial ot their personal regard nd esteem. Mrs. Wells was quite overcome by this unexpected, though not undeserved, honor, but througl. the timely assistance and tact of of a Mrs. E. Howard, was spared th necessity was then lengthened reply. An elegant repast did justice, and served, to which all the guests and various toasts were drank to the health prosperity of Mrs. Wells and her family. Wells V After supper a poem, written for Mrs. and entitled "Appreciation," by Mrs. Emily comHill Woodmansee, was read. A kind and Pres. John laylor plimentary speech from social written address by Dr. K. B. Pratt, and a conversation occupied the time until when the company dispersed, feeling that Uiey social and had enjoyed a delightful season of bister Wells friendly intercourse, and wishing with every many happy returns of the day, to crown her fu- ritual and temporal blessing ure Et B. FERGUSON. Bishop Johnson sent a team, with Brother Herbert Riggs as teamsterandwe, Sisters Zina, Minerva and vour correspondent, left St. George about noon on the 7th of February, and returned on the 27th, between three and four P. M. Going and returning we camped out three nights. On our outward trip we camped at the foot of "Hurricane Hill," on our return, on its summit. To fit around camp fires, to eat our suppers by their light, and to breakfast in their warmth, constituted very interesting reminis- cenees of our bygone experience, when, expelled from our homes and the land of our birth,, we fathomed the deep untrodden wilds of the interior; going we knew not where, in search of the religious liberty guaranteed by our sacred Constitution and wrested from us by its Executives! But what a contrast ! Then we were fugitives, with a desert wilderness before us now, as mothers in Israel, on our way to happy homes of faithful Saints of God, and the congregations of noble mothers and the pure and lovely daughters of Zion. We arrived at Bishop W. D. Johnson's, Kanabf on the 10th. The next evening we were invited to attend a "Ward Social," (to which all the Ward was invited,) where, after the opening services of singing and prayer, we learned, to our great surprise, that the party, consisting of of ourupwards of three hundred, was in honor selves, and, of course, our speeches were on the programme. Now that you have so recently endured a surwith us. prise, you know how to sympathize terHowever, our great, overwhelming surprise minated very satisfactorily the "Social" was a mensuccess, perfect union prevailed, we had a all were tal, spiritual and temporal feast, and happy. The next day we organized a Ward and Stake met Primary Associations. The following day orwith the Relief Society at five P. M., and Association. On the 15th ganized a Stake Silk went to Long Valley; met with the R. S., also with the children and organized them. From Orderville there to Orderville, the Bishop of where we, organized having sent a team for us, in three Primary Associations; also one Glendale, We and there also met with the Relief society. and returned to stayed one night in Glendale, Orderville and met with the young gentlemen second and ladies; and in Orderville spent the Sunday after leaving St. George. Coun. Howard There our home was with wo visited several Spencer and family, although new ones in of our old acquaintances and some re their places of residence; was everywhere were treated ceived with a hearty welcome, and I stayed with all possible kindness. The longer realized. I in Orderville the more home feeling those that The people seem united and happy; invalids workers-t- he are able are indomitable fruits of their toil. and ed sharing liberally the within their income, As a immunity they live for their tables, and, the men raising the suppliesthe women manufac-Z- l of all machinery, All we saw the most of their clothing. shall long redressed plain and well. We member with pleasure and gratitude our visit Orderville. with the good people of and its three setFrom Kanab to Long Valley of the company of tlements we had the pleasure his wife and uncle, and bister Bishop Johnson, should have returned with them 167 son, where we met the Bishop and party. Met with the Relief Society. Stopped over night; morning organized the children and returned, to Kanab, where we were much at home with the Bishop and family. If any one dare say that women cannot be happy in plural marriage, let him or her visit Bishop W. D. Johnson's family; and as a live Bishop he cannot be excelled, looking after the' interest of all from the oldest down to the little ones; he is in their midst, taking the wayward reckby the hand and kindly pointing out their lessness and guiding them to the path of safety and honor; meeting with and taking part in the recreations of all ages, from the white-haire- d prattler veteran down to the little circle. in the Iwiby lowest feat occupying the is their These little ones all feel that the Bishop In him. to friend and none seem afraid approach his noticing thi, I could noLhelp contrasting course, and the effect everywhere apparent, with those Bishops who never have visited the Primary meetings in their ward?. In Kanab, the three settlements in Long Valwith admiration ley and in Johnson, we noticed that the Word of Wisdom, so far as tea, coflee and tobacco are concerned, is better otmerved visthan in most places elsewhere that we have ited. Brothers Charles Oliphant and Heber Kanab to this Clayton accompanied us from curly-heade- d have some work yei io uo m m lkmV shall occur, shall and, unless something special Stake remain here until after the St. George two weeks from Conference, which commences four of the Aposyesterday. It is expected that we expect tles will be present. Soon after that R. H. by private an opportunity of getting to the to stage. conveyance much preferable E. R. S. B. I - March 6, 1S81. SURPRISE. 25,"e" had a surprise party, On Friday, Feb. to in of the sisters resect by the united feeling the of Margaret Keller, President was presented with a on her birthday. She was made by beautiful shawl; the presentation as a token o Counselor Christine Jenson, their thanks teem from thesisters, showing The sister, kind and motherly Instruction. in era F. Petersen's resident; our wJSoved Bishop, Peter C. Jenson was the occasion, with his After parutumg ONnn and Peter Jensen. JiSoo ex- - ZXa torn It. Pre. Marjjaret Keller shown her gratitude for the kind feehng by the sbters toward her.rK( iiaTiANsEN a-- notthe had people of Orderville proposed to John-"ri- f and thence them till Monday-r'w.- hon of WiiK under the necessity ly OI1 the 1'lst, Brother lpwith NOTICE. lSSl.lTher office, Dr. Ellis It. On April 10th, Instruction a class for the special open will Bh.pp obstetrics. For this lX Zl IZe :LTlX unis oMain.l frorn the East, so Joining should comm- who purree with Dr. Bhipp at once. a course of study on the car. Under chUdhl, adapted U .thethis in wife and mother, rfCnSS SnWeninthefo-oful- ar ZZtnot of technicalities. disease, the mother's tac 