WO MAN' 186 EX P 8 0 N E NT . C 7 gives a man's .views and ideas upon the subject of plural marriage, but no woman participates in the debate, which is so emphatically a woman's question a question of the home." The .solemn protest of the thousands of women who assembled in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in uary, 1870, and in the Theatre in the fall of 1878, and spoke in unmistakable terms upon the platform, and also voted upon resolutions sustaining plural marriage, was certainly as strong a point as could be made in any debate upon the subject. It? was the testimony of wives and mothers, whose practical experience entitled them to speak intelligently. Several of these representative ladies had been married long,,before they embraced "Mormonism," and were fully acquainted with domestic7 life as it exists in the world. It was not a radical, en- r: - W " '' T3- - Elder WiHard Richards having returned were dear" to me, and I should have to leave "of his mission the day before, I met him on from them aliribst' destitute, I felt that the cause the street' and told him: I am now ready to truth, the Gospel of Christ, outweighed every fulfil the . prophecy spoken through rae last other consideration." ElJanuary, as I intend to start for England to"I was requested by Joseph to retire to morrow; and I wanted him to go with me. der tligdon's after meeting, where the First Considering himself involved in business with Presidency would meet and set me apart for Brother Brigham, he did not believe he could the mission." go; but upon consulting' Presidents Hyrum "When the Presidency came and were about Smith and Sidney Rigdon, and Brother Brigto lay hands on me, Elder Orson Hvde stepped ham agreeing to take charge of the business in, and partaking of the Spirit of God while responsibilities, he was set apart at 6 p. m. by hearing what was going on, said: Brethren, I Brothers Hyrum and Sidney to accompany acknowledge that I have sinned before my God the mission to England." and you, and I beg of you to forgive me.' The P. S. In what I said in May 1st concerning Presidency rejoiced and praised the Lord at this manifestation of repentance of Brother my father's biography riot being published, I -he Mm found who did not wish to throw any blame upon Mr. said, if they worthy, Hyde, desired to accompany me on my mission to and fearing that some "mayjpoiblythink The so, I consider it no more than right that an exEngland, or go on any other mission. me set and me on hands Presidency then laid planation4 should be given. He was the worst conferand over to that mission, preside disappointed, and the only one that I felt sorry apart red great blessings upon my head; said that for; he wa3 poor, and my father's family comin nation in that God would make me mighty paratively rich,, though, some had their property accomshould souls unto Him; angels in a shape riot to be eily handled err turned winning feet should me that and me bear into money." My mother's youngest son, Solomy up, pany blessed never slip; that I should be mightily mon, was the first to, propose having our fasalvation to thousands, and prove a source of ther's biography, written by .Tullidge,as he had After America. in but not only England, just read Brigham Young's, and he gave liberset was Elder receiving which, apart, Hyde ally towards it, and he has never regretted it. , similar blessings; also Prest. Joseph Fielding When it was mentioned to Heber he readily, mission. for the same and set blest was donated largely. apart To be, continued. "After being called on: this mission, I daily went into the east room in the attic story of the Temple, and poured out my soul unto the NOTES AND NEWS. Lord, asking his protection and power to fulfil honorably the mission "appointed- me by his Emile de.. .Girardin, the noted French jourservants; that the God of Joseph and all the nalist, is dead. holy prophets .and apostles that.were before Dr. Lewis Swift, at the Warner observatory him would be with me by the administration at- Rochester, N; Y.j discovered a new comet on of his holy angels, and that I might have the morning of May 6. power so to live that all the blessings that had been conferred upon me in that house might be Yale College has organized a. class, for ladies x us stv iuinneu, cutwxy'iwisi would." will be given by Prof. Suinner, Williams and At this time many faltered in their faith; Brewer. ' even some of the Twelve were in rebellion A new college of Egyptology has been esagainst the Prophet of God. John F. Boyn-to- n tablished at Cairo, Egypt,' by the French govsaid to me, 'If you are such a d -- d fool as ernment. The study of Arabic art and literato go at the call of the fallen Prophet, Joseph ture and hieroglyphics is the object. Smith, I will not help you a dime; and if you are cast on Van Dieman's Land, I will not TnE Alabany Morning Exprm says there is make an effort to help you.' Lyman E. Johna man in that city, whose name coold be giy en misto me on did said not want he son go my if needful, who openly declared "if his wife he would determined to was bnt if I sion, voted he would kill her.u Women vote on go school questions in the State' of New York, that help me all he could; he took his cloak from mine. off his back and put it upon was what called forth this demonstration. Brothers Sidney Rigdon, Joseph Smith, Sen., The.., thirteenth annual convention of the Brigham Young, Newel K. Whitney and othNational AYomarijguffrageAAssociatipnr wiU- be ers said, 'Go and do as the. Prophet has told held atjTremontrTemple, Boston, Thursday, and you, and you shall prosper and be blessed with Friday, May , 26, and J27, Among the eminent power to do a glorious work.' Hyrum, seeing speakers, are Elizabeth adv.Stantpn,. Jdatilda the. condition of the Church, when he talked Joslyii Gage, JsaMla :Beecher.: looker, Belva about my mission wept like a child. He was AJiock wood, Anna Garlic Spencer; ;Rey Olvm-pi- a continually blessing and encouraging me, and Brown WiU& Harriet; II. Robinson, pouring out his soul in prophecies upon my A.. HincJcl Lillje DevereuxJBlake, head; he said,, 'Go, and you shall prosper as May Wright Sewell, ;EJjLzastii ;L,; Saxon, Harnot many Have prospered.' " riet B. Shattuck, Martha ; M'Clellan: Brown, 'A short time previous to starting I was. laid Elizabeth Avery Meriwether", Susan. :B. Anprostrate on my oed from a stitch in my back, thony and others. Three , sessions, daily, at 10 which suddenly seized me while chopping and A. M., 2.3Q and 7.45. P. M. Ex. drawing wood for my family, so that I could not stir a limb without, calling out from the George Eliot's husband accredits only one of the pain. Joseph, hearing of it, portrait of her; a ca'refrilljr finished1 front-viecame to see me bringing Oliver Cowdery and crayon of the head,' for which she sat many times in 1867, to Frederick Barton. Rajou, Bishop Partridge with him; they prayed for and blessed me, Joseph being mouth, beseeching this for the celebrated etcher,1 is God to raise me. up, &c. He then took me by her personal' friends,' andHhe etching Vyill be the right hand and said: 'Brother Heber, I reproduced in an early j number 6f Scribner's take you by the right hand in the name of Monthly, by courtesy of 'Mr.(oss. All other Jesus-Chriswhich1 will of Nazareth, rjid hy virtue of the portraits, except not be: engraved,1 the Atfonceum says, Jtare not Holy Priesthood vesteoVm me,1 command you in the name of ksus Christ to arise, and be nereis not authorized, blft strori el y condemned : thou :nade .whole.' I arose from my.bedi put by llrrcr-osson my clothes, and started, with; them,, and mier- went up to theiTemple, and felt, bq more of the esting picture, and its likeness is warraniedby ... .. , pain afierwarcU." Tul-lidg- thusiastic meeting, but a very large number of ladies met in sober earnest, to give sincere expression to their faith, sentiments and practices in the marriage relation; and it was most emphatically "the question of the home." The speeches at the Theatre were reported verbatim, ten thousand copies,were published in pamphlet form, the women paying the expense of printing, etc., and they were sent out in all directions. This is not all; women can give as good and as sound reasons on this subject as men e?.n, and are as zealous to sustain its practise. R B. W. ; -- LIFE INCIDENTS. e, , HELEN MAR WHITNEY. BY - CONTINUED. My father says: "I had frequently felt a desire to visit the shores of Europe, and believed that the time would soon come when I should take leave of my own country and lift up my voice uj uwuer liauuus, uuu waxu uiciu ui uuuga which were coming on the earth, and make known to them the great things which the Lord had brought to pass; yet it never occurred to my mind that I should be the first commissioned to preach the Everlasting Gospel on the shores of Europe, and I can assure my friends I was taken by surprise when I was informed by the Prophet Joseph, who came to me June 4th, being the Sabbath day, while I was seated in the front stand above the Sacrament table, on the Melchisedec side of the Temple in Kirt-lanwho opened the door and whispered in my ear, 'Brother Heber, the Spirit of the Lord has whispered to me, saying: Let my servant, Heber, go to JEngland and proclaim my Gospel, and open the door of salvation to that nation.' Feeling my weakness to go on such a mission, ! asked the Prophet if Brother Brig-hamight go with me; he replied he wanted Brother Brigham to stay with him, for he had something else for him to do. In a few minutes afterwards Hy rum Smith came; he also opened the door of the pulpit and informed me of my(appointment." "The idea of being appointed to such an important mission was almost more than I could bear up under; I felt my weakness, and was nearly ready to sink under the burden which WB3 placed upon me, and I could not help exclaiming: '0 Lord, I am a man of stammering-tonguand altogether unfit for such a work! How can I go to preach in that land which is so famed throughout Christendom for learning, knowledge and piety the nursery of religion and to a people whose intelligence is - -- d, . - : m: : , Rev-Frederic- , ess e - w : proverbial?'" "However, all these considerations did not deter; me, from the path of duty;; the moment I' understood the will of my Heavenly iFather, I felt a, determination to go at all hazards, believing that He, would support me by His Almighty power,, and endow malwith every qualification that X needed j:' and although my family . : t ; one-WLauih- ce, . ; : . k 