The Bights of the Women of Vol. 9. becomina- aeouiiinfpd with oorVi -v 1 O vwta ofVi yjkXL - death robs ua of our dear ones' lore, royal-marriages- desired an alliance with the queen elect, and , who worked for tlud and with the he.t " and purest of motive Her uncle, her moth-erbrother, Prince Leopold, (subsequently King of Belgiuruj being one of these agents; he had been the happy husband of the Princes Charlotte, the daughter of George the Fourth and Caroline of Brunswick, and but for her sad, early death, would have gtoud precisely in the same position as his nephew, Prince Albert, .stood. On their marriage the government gave them Claremont as a residence, and there many of the infant years of Victoria were passed. Prince Leopold proving himself a foster father to the young sovereign in embryo; here, she says, her happiest, childish days were passed. return to my remark that hers seemed above the common lot. She bore children almost without suffering; they were fine formed, healthy children, and I never heard of sickness being in their household; she loved her husband with a degree of worship, and he was worthy of it; she had the proudest nation in the world at her feet; for truly the chivalry of ancient times seemed revived and exhibited by the English people at that time; the men felt she was the lady of their choice, and the women embraced her in their hearts as their sovereign queen, and felt as though the grandeur and the glory oi inat nooie. w omau jtuectu uiica uu pm-pose- V have greeted, one by one are hushed; Hands once clasped with fervor, with sweet hope and Voice we trust, Pulseless lie forever, turning into dust. Violets of springtime, and the summer's bloom, Leaves Jn autumn falling, and the winter's gloom, Silently are weaving shrouds around the tomb. ' " that cheered and gladdened, from our sky seems gone; Dreary wastes of waters, naught to re6tupou: wejhg;.'cipud8,: wei're ever straggling on, But the largest cloud hides most of heaven's blue, Though we' cannot trace, we'll' trust and press on thro', Till the mists shall vanish, like the morning dew. And-'thrbhg6- ' I amid old ruins, God the sunshine sends Fertilizing showers, into barren fetis, TU1 green bud and blooming, over all extends. Yearning human hearts, atong life's dusty road, Long compelled to carry sorrow's heavy load, There's a house of refuge His divine abode. Faint not, weary pjlgrim, travel stained, foo tsore, There' abundant entrance Into heaven's door, Where the living waters flow on, evermore. All of grief and sorrow have their bound and time, Bat they cannot enter that celestial clime, : Love and truth eternal, feterieth there subllm. Down -- - ' Time Is speeding swiftly with the grave and gay, Ana tne longef t lire is put a neeung aay; Long br short the journey, it quickly speeds away. Through the raging waterB, deserts burning sands, His tried sobs and datight&s reach the promised land, Aided by IIis power 'guided by His hand. Turd's nnmntftd ' she could have received no more loyal homage than she did in every move she made.' ' She was an accomplished equestrienne, and before her marriage a cavalcade of ladies and gentlemen issued from the palace gates every the beauday, to take their joyous ride around tiful "environs. The most fearless and accomplished horsewoman in England,, a baronet's the daughter, was engaged to ride and train horses Her Majesty had chosen for her own use, a groom always accompanying the Lady in her L. M. Hewlinqs. Atchison, Kansas. ' THE VICTORIAN ERA. BY HANNAH T. KING. I believe I may say without fear of contraQueen Victoria has been and is diction, that the most 'popular sovereign of her era, and the same may be said of her government. Her reign has been: agreeable ti ner name, for victory has 'croWriea ev6ry enterprise' 6f the samp; she has been surrounded.1 by men of patriotic character of br&4 brains and laTge ."hearts, and she has shown, uponV' aH oefcasioiis; that' she realized 'their calibre and ability,' and has' been on&Srith them!,; still ever holding hkt High 'posibeJieiVher tion aiiajfe g&xl common sSe'renBered strong : i 'iifli'd hecapabl6 'of domgaall timei-ush!- has given e Sk'VfeW.ioV?eelt touched,' or'(the proof of this on' her ermine '.waV'totf c$ci6u! purple too rudely iiivaded;' and this glorifies "the wisest of her position. Ha'd 'Slomoh ' n ' men' done this, lie had never fallen so ab" '.' ' . The early tears of her reign, especially in her domestic ltfe, were those literally of poetry and romance; her life was absolutely above the She j had married common lot of humanity. the man of her choice, and their association together as children, when he visitetf England, his' return. hbirie, and again' afUr Tt&'mh' Snirars tSfrfSffiHjf of exercises; when she pronounced the horse, or rather his education complete, he was led out for the Queen's use and approval. Her Maand jesty was fond of reviewing her soldiers, was never absent from such event3, which gave an inspiration to such scenes. At this time of her life she seemed to wear a crown of roses, Albert shared entirely without thorns. Prince in these fond national feelings, for the country loved him for the wise course he took m ever affairs of government; remaining neutral in all was for a if lie ever did influence the Queen it their mar-iX- f national good. A few years after ,.farl riinnr.pllnr of the Univer-, , jectly. o IrfXliiltlU ter and predilections, were all so unusual in the , that it looked like preludes of of course there were agents that destiny. Yet, One by one they leare us, weeping bitter tears, Falling, ever falling, with the dying years. Une by one they're hidden in the jrrave bo low, While onr hearts are riven, 'neath a weight of woe, None but our dear Father all our grief can know. All the Rights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1, 1881. COMFORT IN SORROW One by one, Zion,- and ' :a -'Ther Queen accompanied mm, to rally round cbuniyftmllles' rose up en tnaue ' IiePand Ji'er . Consort; nothing could exceed, the 'entKusiasiii, jmd yet respectful devotion, that occasion. One hundred of the were '"flower of the yeomanry of the county at the station, 'aPix)inted to nicet the royal party into the town, of honor escort it as thlr holes were most of them finelyjramed men to. be and they were a body-o' The entrance of the cortege, into The old town, with its building magnificat in their grand old dis-'plaved-- on ; Sfof world-renowne- d, archi-KaWtunor- Ul remlnence, attached fir- - to be forgotten, thereto, was a sight never No. 23. ing of canncn announced it, and better still, and sweeter, were the bells of St. Mary's, the University Church, first the firing or them, and then floating off into the sweetest music bells are capable of giving; the cavalcade passed onto Trinity College, passed 'trough its fine old gates of the most elaborate iron work, and closed when the royal carriages had passedf in; but through their ornamental work all was perfectly visi ble to outsiders, even to the alight--ing- . . Trinity V . is residence a Lodge royal of the sovereign when visiting the University, therefore she took possession of her own. Doctor d Whewell, the mathematician, wm then Master of Trinity College, and ot course inhabited. ''The Lodge." Mr. Norton, the gentleman controller of the Queen's household, preceded Her Majesty by a day or two, to see the needful preparations were all made, and one was to wait upon Mrs. Whewell, and inform her of the etiquette it would be necessary for her to observe, viz., that she must not attempt to "receive" the Queen, as it Was virtually her own residence; consequently, she and the doctor retired, and in due time the Queen received them as her most honored world-renowne- visitors. The day of the installation was one to be remembered. Every house and street was crowded with visitors. The Senate House was the scene of the inauguration; none but the crerae de la crane were admitted, and they only hr Tfr ?h n lnrrrft as onr IflTfft TalMT- - nacleT with gallery all round, the students and Dacneiors Ol A ucxupymiif irrwi wriafl senior wranglers and young masters of art. On leaving, all, of course, were standing, waving hats and academical caps, and ladies their handkerchiefs. The Queen's graceful deportment was the subject of general comment; as she literally bowed herself out of that august assembly, never turning her back till outside the door. There no guards were needed; as they left the Senate House a phalanx of a loving and devoted people formed the passage of her egress. Prince Albert wearing the beautiful academical robe of black silk, heavily embroidered in gold, with cap and tassel of the same rich materials; the Queen wearing a Honiton lace dress and veil, as she always wears home manufacture, which of course includes the richest fabrics of her Indian possessions, the passed down smiling and bowing to all, of more happiest of the happv, and looking heaven than earth ! ko ends a chapter which now is history. LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. CONTINUED. Before proceeding 'any farther I will say to have been farmy friends that nothing could ther from my mind, when commencing to write "Life Incidents," than . the thought of going back or copying so, much from my father's journal; but different ones having expressed the pleasure they felt in reading these sketches, but it prompted me to continue them so far, would be useless to expect much ol it to be of his printed in this little paper. The history missionary life, in connection with his brethren, is one of deep interest, and I had hoped . this to have seen it published in book form for . ;;Ui. i ,- i i V. - v- I i 