? -- . r ' - ...... tr-- ; - 11 UJ ; , i!";f""H; - i r. ' : : Tie Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of tho Women of all ' Nfttions." ' '.. :1'Y i ' -- , n Vol. 10.; 1 SALT BAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 188:) . ' '" 7;Him v...;,.r hue. ,'.''; . ' ,-.- u you BY HANNAH T.' Kixd.' : The river of life With variety" rife, Bearing Vessels of every kind Bound to deliver, - . , To the Great ISiver 1 . I love thee great river ! I thank God the giver, That I Bail on this river sublime ay the great Pilot decree,. Though deep in.the Gulph stream O'er whelm'd it would surely seem, His Haven theyH be'! in last At A: Sea-wort- . Co-d- ay fruit and Jflowers .i&rmdWc.ffHeiis' ang.up our, supine Temple, the most unique, the finest in .eyej pf th'efwordi tte most 'stuperidous Sl ksif jbuiljling in jojWfajt' , ; 8alt Lake City Aug. 3rd. 1881. . "THE CITY OF THE SAINTS '; BY HANNAH T. KING. . . i ; ef -- his1 descriptionsare-graphic- ,- and-hu-mor- ons, and show that he had made a study of nucleus that of thV human family: he found located in this remote region? he viewed them with the eye of a philosopher, 'if nothing high--. ; er? sad tad arrived at an extraordinary, com- prehension of the problem embodied in this; peculiar people, and candidly acknowledged the. trials, the lacerating, . L '1 mission, ljut tKey haejf ejen .j peeping out alt V ;the time like, children, waiting frnti ' ' .;'.'".' 'l 'tohVdessert.' 7'.")olo!uX',-- , and Now theytand out. in Relief, every, y ear jujoa .mr Wng', ; j. robes,, and sh will yet be the prima donna of , . f pVo'Ker., i eatre. Qiir location the political' American is 8aid;t9 'W4,j)00 fet above sea IeyeJ,"aper-- . feci nest, mb aptlyce'I'Tlie and hence ,wehfye pure, rarified atmphere;' calm, without Jupineness,'; bolds, without, reck;-- ) lessness, strong, witKbut rage, and clear even to ' maryelousness, ancly jthis wjU continue unbroken ' for weeks, perhaps inothsV.U ,is full of the ele- -' ments of health, so much so, that none can long remain sick; if persons with pulmonary disease soon .restored,' ortpo grave come here, they n receives them;but if the constitution' is good,res-toratio' is certain L The, hig.altftua' caipei ; ' an increased action of the heaH, 'andfhence the t whole system responds to the impetus; arif pro- - ,;; duces a change which pn sqmf indivduafe j is' marvelous, especially upj)n, the Eujrjan.; .' ; i f i . . . 'NOTES AND - soul-harrowi- t . ir c ; '7J!,' by Tiss '3Iar; "Outdoor Y.; i Occupations; . Sericulture, . by MrsCaroliae $tZ'$pvermc$; "Factory GirH' by Mr3L:Elitth!Ga6e R. I.;. "Pbsjtion, Oc- -' cupatioh and Culture 'pjt Jhian "Ypmeri'; by Miss.'Susefte, La FlecfcV'NeU; Influence of Foreign Study on American Girls," by .Mrs." Lucinda , H. StbneMicli;', Political.; .Education 01", tiials ng NWS. The next Woman's Congress will be held in ' Buffalo; October :19; 20;an(l 21, .The; tbplcr for discussion are, I'Sciefltific'Pnings fo Wb', : Burton, the great traveler and historian of the 19th century, visited Utah some few years ago, and spent some time in Salt Lake City, and afterwards wrote and published a large volume of his travels, observations, and experiences thereinmd named his book "The City of the Saints." Truth and common sense views of all he saw, embellish its pages- - Burton must have possessed naturally a large heart, and a broad brain; and his life of travel, his intercourse with people of different nations, and his experiences therein, had expanded still further those noble organs, and rendered him, in iis views, and in his judgment cosmopolitan; the Book i3 decidedly the finest and "most just - account that has ever been given by aa "out-sid- ' $i jVirstb stand feack,; tilj1 . hy ge emlUi9timt. inamentjand) to-da- All haU to the river ! Life's deep, mighty river! The bold rushing river of Time ! May each vessel be found and sound, for Heaven's own clime ! Bearing freightage Our God is above The sweet God of love, His spirit broods over the river f Row down life's stream Beneath His bright beam, In the light and the love of such Giver ! 4 . , Pray for them pray for them, Ferfently sayjor them, , ' ; ; ! . ; ; sate in the heavenly clime. ' tovftHvto tney: this, but they ?wifttlly ghut ugifri their, ears, yeaoveijo ojcerpihe stop, charme!" t Yes, indeed, there j is . 'methjrig re' jjiia mysterious an sjnCTiIaTin' isolatedpeople, nd. tho, nonces .thati ite y .have built by "the sweat pf .their brow', with", gre facilities, and.smalL means ot ?eyery sort, casJiLt premium,' yet here .stands a' , cjtty,J some of no meari preterisi6ns.y,.Here and' loyibiy 'arderis, .and beautiful; maibnsJ ; God keep the argosies, "With their rich merchandise, - tat with, this'lqpe totjfye. WwF"00 is" teessI ciedr comprehension of his mind gave no rppm ; tor anything but truth, and he honestly, portrayed the same. . It is years, since I read Jis book but the spirit of it will neyer leajje my miiid I borrow Burton's title of his book for,, my little essay, and feel I honor him by so doing. It seems ito me i thaV every candid, truthful mind cannot stand in this. city,, and walk;or ride through its environs withqut beconviction,, ing singularly impressed with in breathes is broods there over it that it, spirit its atmosphere, encircles it daily and. nightly, intactible, invisible, yet impressing every mind that is pure, vnerati ve, and open , Jo receive its revealings. I remember the time when I heard taha about , this location, that eclipsed '"The Arabian Nights," and indeed, many doubted whether it had a tangible, existence, or wnetner it was not a cnimera oi some visionary romantic brain, on which, "marvelousness" over-rule- d every other organ! But yars haye,, passed, a little world has been , gathered f here, explorers have come from the East and from the y West, the North and the South, and is as of Salt Lake City, the metropolis Utah, known all over the world as London, ; well the metropolis of England. njiv . On July 51st, 1847, six persons rode on fro the spot of ground around which , now. stands this the beautiful city, they were thetoutriders" from themselves .their, Pioneers. They threw the on reclined worn and and steeds, weary leave bosom of Mother Earth. My readers, I you to imagine the unspeakable feelings of those wanderers! It seems I can conjure them very near the truth, though not one pt the first pioneers all may well take lawfully that name pioneers nil arid each; have been in their own individuality, and feeelings of the same calibre , inflated and nature, have more or, every one as they set foot on this, consecrated ground! What volumes might be written,,, what romantic incidents, thoughts, ..feelings, aspirations, what absolute devotion, might be . the subjects for these volumes, but I realize ; there is assuredly a 'Recording Angel," nd 1. 1 glory in the conviction; glorious, mighty being though he is, he has dropped many a tear, over . illinium used; to laoor, his trial hereptis narjitivly small. But I ?as marveling '. hoy' eigeni,'.,' minds cannot see and icel Jher4'is r power , . ' a ; , Alas ! wrecks are there, . The great and the fair, That were sailing along in their pride ! Yet many find rest In a Haven so blest Yes, the Haven where rest doth abide. 111 t . The freightage none can leave behind: " Often rough la it, Often cold Is it, On! On! flowing rivef of Time Arka float upon It, Barks float upon it, On ! On ! ta Eternity's clime ! . HrvdJlin ; '?? A him.hBW' was not tatnomea by a view of the surface of things, etcetera, The picture he drew of Pre$.ident JB.righam Young is most complimentary, and appreciative as a governor and a ruler no Jow sarcasm; or. inuendo blurs Jts pages, it seem?;. the,. please,-tna- Mt !': that there was an under current,aGulphr8tream, THE BITER OF LIFJE. hhh um ! . Saint. of a true Latter-daBut the city'J It is the beautiful city I took , ' When. describe. to endeavor to hand in jj pen those six human beings came upon this spot, not a' tree, not a shrub, not a blade of grasa were secnrrage bruh and the appearance of; of yypmw"by Miss ..Miry JjIkstmanSrass.; ; an aridi desert were all that met their eyes, ,. Gnardiahship of phildren, Status of the Moth- Then! and Now! What; volumes might be CL ; . "Work er,"; byMrt: tyk P, filled from the interim! It does seem to me, of .W'omeii in tHeRefbrms pf the pastventury' ; ; that a thinking mind, a business mind that;, by'ilrs'x'Ik)is1j0!,iHufford does know something of how cities are laid out, .. J.: Resciie , com-.byfAntblhetlitefb'wnBlackwell, arid then built, also that this people were, dv ir..inzaoeLn piacKweu, ii.ngiano.:, paratively a poor people bo.np and sinew were,, Ideal "The Hbme;;Y Ir3;:Edn I theircapitalr that thejr were an: ignorant iviass., "iiietursuit. JQ3EiiArt,;,- oj Mrf.aran , pie, that is, a man might be.an artist, Wi Whitman; Mass.i. f t to rough work, he joins the Church, j ' ' Saints.:1 tThese topics covef;awjelCAQ9'Mi he comes to the gathering place of the doubt roceiveutha careful- - attention, they ile-Utility is the watchword, n Will h? not feel is at 8er've..0'Miss hisf his ignorance when he pdsno place studio, no. use for thfine arts? but.he Jrayey(j JU. b. and acts as chief hostess.- - Jbx. strips of his coat and takes the spafle, or th y ; : I . : i iwppd, i - traac-(1-custom- , ed - 3pHfih ; : 