WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 148 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHHELIPTE B. WELLS, Pnblished - . Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil apace, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to Bemi-monthl- y, regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Expokkkt, Salt Lake City Utah. 1 . SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1881. women. Self-mad- e - How little we hear of e e women! men is a term in common use, very; but the other is uncommon, a phrase seldom heard; in fact, we do not remember having heard it all, and flatter ourself it is rather an original ii tie. Self-mad-e women exist, nevertheless. We know of some fully entitled to the appellation, and have heard of others, elsewhere, whose lives were worthy of record in the annals of their country. It is pretty generally understood that, woman is a dependent sort of creature, and does comparatively little for herself in any positive manner; man leads and woman follows, he tolls and she partakes of the fruits of his labors. We have heard all our life Jong of womenthat phrase is hackneyed, to say the women is pleasant, if only least, and self-maas a kind of relief. The Scripture says, "Obedience is better than sacrifice," but most women combine in their character both obedience and sacrifice of self. History tells us very little about women; judging from its pages, one would sup-potheir lives were insignificant and their opinions worthless. Now and then one more favored than others of her sex, figures in connection with a lover, or husband, but rarely alone, and evidently the attention of the writer of history has been to leave women out. And yet women are patriotic in their natures, and some of them have braved all resistance to accomplish good; instance, Joan of Arc. Volumes of unwritten history yet remain, the sequel to the written lives of brave and heroic men. But although the historians of the past have been neglectful of woman, and it is the exception if the be mentioned at all; yet the future will deal more generously with womankind, and the historian of the present age will find it very embarrassing to ignore woman in the records of the nineteenth century. We may say, and with propriety, that there is a class of women on the earth now, whose lives and labors ar likely to be recognized even by the average historian. Woman has really undertaken to do her own work, to make her own record, in one sense, and to stand as an individual representative of herself and a type of her class; and yet not in opposition to man, but in intelligent harmony. "The woman is not without the man, nor the man without the woman in the Ixrd." A great change has come over woman in this age, and man be gms to acknowledge, in a sort of indefinite way her individuality and power of active thought There is Jess of the blind idolatry and man wori ship and more vivid expression given to woman's ideal and real Jove, than in the days we speak of as man's chivalry and woman's borne aver that the subtle charm of woman's worship i, lost, and in iU place a tangible realism hw ipnmg up, less attractive and calculated self-mad- Self-mad- self-sacrifici- de se self-deni- al to rob woman of that indefinable mysticism which has for centuries floated round her like an evanescent incense to man, and yet something unreal, for she proved not exactly what she seemed. Now, man approaches her as a being of understanding, one who has pronounced opinions of her own, and who is free to choose, if need be, her own vocation, and can, when needful, "eat her own bread and wear her own ap- parel." Possibly man has driven woman to this extremity, by the want of consideration. Albeit they complain sometimes bitterly of the women who want some of the situations and advantages once a clear field for the lords of creation, and wonder why the sex are not content to occupy their former position as erst in the days of their grandmothers. There is not quite so much credit due women for the exertions made from necessity, but after all, there is abundant proof that they are mentally and morally equal to the occasion, when they defend their position, as in social and political life some of them are doing everywhere e women is a powerful term. It tells its own story, of struggles against fearful odds, with unpropitious circumstances, and a lack of the means of education and cultivation. But on the other hand, it bespeaks l, patient hopefulness and persistent determination. How, when fortune frowned and friends were lacking, the brave heart never quailed nor shrank from hardship, but pressed onward in the path of achievement, regardless of ridicule or hindrances; and faced the great world that has set itself so hard and firm against the .woman who makes her own way, unless she arrives at a pinnacle of fame, then the same world is ready to worship at her shrine. How many besetments lie in her path, how thickly is it strewn with thorns and briers, and oh, how many sharp and cruel rocks lie scattered in the pathway she must tread alone! Here and there a flower, a rill, a bird note, or a soft fanning zephyr, but all the wealth and sweetness blooms in the gardens of cultivation, from which she is barred until she can open the gates herself. But much has been done to make education attainable for women, who hunger for knowledge, and to lift all woman to a higher view of life. A new era has been ushered "in, mainly through e the exertions of women, acted upon an influence by many comprehend not, which is for their working redemption from under the curse, and yet a vast amount of and prejudice still remains to be wrestled with, and it requires almost superhuman courage and endurance, and workful waiting, with an earnest and implicit faith in God, Who hears and answers prayer. e women! How is the title of strength and grandly significant power in the true dignity of her character. to-da- y. Self-mad- self-hel- self-denia- p, self-mad- narrow-mindedne- ss Self-mad- Office. Society blanks at the Deseret News "Life Incidents," by Helen Mar Whitney, also "Jesse Burns" are crowded out of this issue, but will appear in our next number. The Secretaries of Relief Societies in Salt Lake Stake are requested to ?end in reports from October last to March 6th, as the Stake Secretary wishes to compile them for the April Confer- ence. Officers of Primary Associations in the An entertainment will be given in the Social Hall for the benefit of the 18th Ward Sunday School, on Friday evening, March 11., consisting of a laughable farce, entitled "My wife's and the popular operetta "A Capital Joke." Edith Clawson, Soprano; Louie Wells, Contra), to; H. G. Whitney, Tenor; J. D. Spencer, Bass. It will be a fine entertainment. Bon-net- Ter- ritory and throughout the Stakes of Ziori, rie expected to report the same as R. 8. and Y, L M.I. A., and direct their communications to LUUe Freeze, Secretary of Central Board, p, A ," The Stake Secretaries of Y. L. M. I. A. are requested by order of the President Central Board, Mrs. E. S. Taylor, to forward full reports from date of organization, where none have been given, to October last, and also reports from October last to March 6 th of the present year. Will please govern themselves accordingly, and send in the reports in time for the coming Conference, March 19j to Louie Wells, Secretarv Central Board Y. L. M. I. A. The "Evening News," published in Phila. delphia, makes a notice, under the heading of "Youthful Orator?," of an entertainment given by the National School of Elocution and Oratory, in the halls of the Institution, Monday evening, Feb. 7, in which favorable mention is made of Miss Martha Paul Hughes, of this city, a recent graduate of Ann Arbor University with the title M. D. She gave the selection "Beautiful Snow," it is said, with scholarly ability. On Friday evening, March 4, the day of the inauguration, the tragedy of Macbeth will be performed in the Theatre in this city, for the benefit of David McKenzie, the popular and favorite star actor, who was quite the rage when he followed the profession. Of course it a success in the rendering of Macbeth will be. by Mr. McKenzie; and no doubt Miss Nellie Colebrook, whose talent for the stage is well known will enact Lady Macbeth in a natural and easy manner. Everybody should patronize the Theatre on the 4th of March. Go and see McKenzie &a Macbeth. HOME"AFFAIRS. Relief The second edition of Primary Hymn Books edited by Eliza R. Snow, are now ready for s Te Orders from the country which have been lav ing over will now be attended to promptly. For sale at this office, Deseret News and Juvenile Instructor. The ready sale of the first edition is the best recommendation the book could have. A pleasing concert was given in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Thursday Feb. 24, for the benefit of the Sundayevening School! The programme conisted of songs, duets, quartets, recitations, instrumental music, Ac.', all of which were carefully selected and well rendered and the affair was altogether a successful one. ' The Conference of Relief Societies, Y. L. M I. A. and Primary Associations of Salt Lake Stake, will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday and Saturday, March 18 and 19. It is earnestly requested by the presiding sisters of these organizations that there be a full attendance, and that all reports be sent in beforehand. Saturday evening, Feb. 19, the public were treated to a fine entertainment of readings in the Theatre, by Miss Alictr Hamill, Miss Ada Dwyer and Mr. Harry Hamill. Miss Alice Hamill is a finished reader, so far as scholarly ability is concerned, and she has also the genius which is rendered merjtorious by cultivation. Miss Ada Dwyer has been reared in Utah, and of course the people here naturally take a great interest in her improvement. She quite exceeded the expectations of her friends, who, knowing how short a time she had been studying the science of elocution, were surprised to see how well she rendered her part. She has a fresh and vivacious manner, and a very pleasing, rich voice. She did beat (we.think) in "A little Girl's Views of Life In a Hutel" and in "Christmas at 