little friend, - :my -- ' . that are distant, and the echoes of voicas that I hear not. Silent is she, until she finds some one to give a voice to the innermost expressions of her heart, her noble thoughts, and sympathetic words. As she visits me,so do her numer- ous sisterkSisit other iamilies,at the samaTour, laden with'' tire same instructions, cxninsel, love, and pitjrWh'o .is she? What is her name ? Emily B. Spencer. THE DAYS OF 0 UK GRANDMOTHERS. The fact can scarcely be overlooked that in the matter of fashion in. many respects we are a hundred years back in the days of our ancestors. This has been brought about principally through, tha C5entenniai Exhibition .of 1876, when people were. called upon to rake up every old styles, and garrets and worm-eate-n chests and drawers were ransacked and revising and renewing "drew ut the beauty and utility of those old clothing materials,crockery, furniture s etc., and noW we have the same styles and with various improvements, and all the bid designs of crockery, furniture and tapestry. It is a great pity that withal we haye not initiated ourselves into those habits, of industry and economriy' thatp'characterized our, and afso adopted the elegant mariners and deportment of the ladies and gentlemen of that age.- This would greatly to our credit, for with the vast improvements in all the departments of life and labor, it is apparent to the observer in modern society everywhere that to a great extent Jthe true elegance of modest' manners hadeparted.1 I knbwHhere are somerwho say it is' the fault of women more than men; that girls are so forwanj placing themselves on a foofmg with iien,; and certainly men will not pay them 'the "same ofdeference they: were w5ht todo, when were morenodest and retiring. they It may be hard in the midst of a revolution in society such as the agitation of equal; sufis to frage .making; maintain improper balance, it is always so with all radical changes, but I -- col-or- fore-mothe- have-beef- rs r ricJw-ada- ys n protest against "jthis decay in manners being due to the Jnfluence Jf suffrage at all. fThe iii what fstermed polite young W6men of y society, and it is the young ' Women who rule and not their eldersand. this is another evil of which we may justly complain, are not what may be turned suffragists, 0, no, they do not believe injt--4- n fat they;"ao ;coroptehend the subject at all it is too for them to understand they' wouldfatiguing not worry their brains with it,they are willing to leave all that, to thosowho.arecacquainted wjth the subject. They wouldotbe constdefeas oelonginglo a reform,' the Word horrifies- themr Sndeedeir health OUld not admit of so. much exertion as yotmg'an'd attending meeting9" Vould.Veiuire. o, these young ladies would dance all night to-da- m ' - There --are clasaof people who seem, to think money is an excuse for all manner of rudenesses to others, and by their tone of voice and insolence of manner toward the industrious' who earn their own living, betray their lack of. ' politeness, and respect for genuine ability. This class of ladies and gentlemen cannot and well-bre- d genconipare with the high-bre- d tlemen and gentlewomen of the days of our errandmbthers: notwithstanding all the im- provements of the age and the granaeur of our modern society. .:"-- "' Aunt Em. j' of-th- in , black, My little friend, plainly i dressed a- month'. and ;hitei corned to see me twice How the visit'of this tiny onirdcsirtrdfmy children and by myself. Eyes grow brighter, Imas feet fly faster, to anounce her coming. in patiently, $e moments fly until a respite the work, gives time for us to sit and hear choice words stored -- up for our s hearing. Her into coming is Jtlstially "when the gun has sunk the legendary i'hoJe in the ground," of, the red man, of thermountains; ?ind twilight comes the mellowcsttfeobfjhe.aay.r The hot air of the birds dart hither and south;; is cooled,-aiid-; thitheir after their insect prey. Darkness comes on, the lamp is lit, and of all,, gathering (around our friend, the friend salvathe expounder of principles of life and tion, speaking" in poetry, and prose, and eloquently giving us. the words of our sisters .that i are far away, we listen. , faces me before Little friend, how looms up - figure at watering places and public resorts at character, but could not possibly bear to to the polls or speak in public. go It may be that there was a little too much formality in days gone by, and in dispensing with a portion of it we have gone to the other extreme. Free Americanism we often hear, made the cause of all this license in manners. "We don't, bow the knee to any living one" and so oh, but the Scripture says "honor to whom honor is due" and one of the Ten Commandments ' expressly declares "honor thy father and sometimes said this thy" mother" etc. It-iis the homage of the heart and does not consist so much in action, but I persist in believing that there is much in manner. Rudeness and coarseness in manner is x)ffensi ve to a sensitive nature, and there is no doubt it is also displeas- :' "' " ing to God. Every one must acknowledge upon reflection at least, that to go into the presence of angels or great and holy beings, one would need be qualified, and yet goon from year to year, here below where there is every facility for improvement totally regardless of advancement and actually sneering at those who are making efforts towards a preparation for a higher sphere. Politeness is conducive to kindness and also to peace and, good order, and gentleness of manner is indicative of a noble heart. Rudeness and uncouth' manners tend to confusion and disordered are not a sign of genuine 'sterling qualifies of soul, although. I kno it is sometimes so interpreted. Deference to others even in one's own family begets in return the same kindliness and engenders a better feeling, than so much familiarity and disregard of ceremohey Wfe reveal ourselves perpetually in our deportment, and it is the standard by which we must in some measure be judged, at least by those to whom we are not intimately known. The Apostle said "shun the appearance of evil," which must have related to one's' actions or manners, What a man or woman: does, tells what they are; words are not always ' to be relied upon, for often actions do not correspond with them. The pretty little formalities and courtesies of life which we're customary in1 olden times, at least a century ago, tend mtich more to grace of manner and refinement' than the brusque and forward manners which pasa muster in the present day. A moderate amount of diffidence, is preferable to over much eon- fidenoe,and a prudent reserve in one's behavior is much more elegant and impressive than the attempt at breaking down all restraint, regardless of the principles , of order which must be maintained if people, would preserve their ;' TKereforeft'T wlir'sayagain, let us entourage fedine. "return to the'nianriers of the past, as welrai"'the colorspatterhs and styles "ri: of dreis.and orriimentation. Theitidastries too 6f our ancestry are dying ' out, arid giving place to ease and luxury ,whieh are fatal to the highest cultdre of the mind or soul. Ladies of leisure do not now apply themselves to the useful employ men tsJheyvonce did. Industry amounts to a virtue, for idleness is as much the parent of vice - in the palace of the rich as in the cbttage of the poor. The woman who spends her days in idle dreaming, .frjtttra hertinie away in promenades, balls" andv snch like places is just as culpable as the poor ignorant creature who revels in gossip and retails scandal. We talk nfour daughters becoming like polished stones, but unless we chang&our tactics, short ofthe high they are very" Ijkelyto standard of attainmentwe' had marked out. Solomon said "Give her of the fruit of her hands and let; he? 'own orks praise her in the not told that this applies to gates' We are J. we . . unci erstand i t - like all other the"poor only Scripture as applying to the rjeli awell aa the -- r self-respe-ct it'' poor. -- " ' SUFFRAGE PETITION OF ITALIAN WOMEN. ' The following is a translation of the petition for the franchise which ir now teing circulated for sienaturesdn Italy by the Milanese "Lea&ue WomattIntertsts.":' The greatest-carbeing takenr4nhe collection of 5 to promote is signa-tiires,- e as in 'a former session,1 the: petition; which was: to the Upper' and Lower Mouse, was jeciedm: the 'ground that by Borne misunderstanding all the signatures were not autograhl, although their good faith was goaranteed5 by both Housesy There will be no war of a similar mistake this yeah ..nnnz.'. T& the 'Italian Parliament. Honorable OENTLEiiEx: Women citizens not having been included hitherto in the right of voting, even when that vote is called univer-- r , sal, appears to us rio argument why the justice ' arid folly for such exclusions 'should be re' i . con-tinued- . . . . . .r . Women have the same relations towards the State as other citizens. They , are subject-tthe same civil and penal jaws; they pay the same taxes. The measures .which provide for,' affect, or punish ' men provide fori'afjecCahd . r. punish us also. The influence of good or bad laws, the prosperity oT peace and the disasters of war, educational institutions and social cUSCOirS are for ' equally- - felt by- us; while ' more disastrous us are the effects' of bad laws',' 8iiCn " as those made in pur absence 'cannot fail to be, express5-- " ing only pferit' interests,' anl( sacrificing' or imnerftctl v wndArsbindinp-- ' flhseht'ihtftrftsta. That if VbhVeri might be resigned to their exclusion so long as the retorrnof the iran"hise o - ; ! was based bh drcu ship, they carihbt anij oWght not be designed when this right is based , upon natural cjpaciy J ' ; andw called universal. It is impossible not to acknowledge that the agricultural laborers,4 from lack of communication with other claKeiisblationTidra cultivated -- the and civilized centres,-an-d nature of their labor, live inConditions opposed to intelligence andlcomprehension of national interests. . JThiy cahnt be compared td the mass of womenr" 4whdi afe spread through every sdcial scale, and fconV tain multitudes' devoted to teaching,to industry,; to commerce, to professions which require general oj special culture, and Who live in active ceriires of public life and continued social "frit-- ; ticfii." 'Hbw can the exercise of the vote! Jbe accorded b the less capable and refused to the 1 " . more;' intelligent? " l . ' In ill! arguments based on the difference of our duties,1 ive cannot accept our exclusion; as the legitmate cbhclusion,rjut rather an increased urgency io claiming the vote. ; tthe conservation and guardianship of the race be ours if our mission , demands a loflief inge. of idea assassination-- , libertioiam thenii neither: W drnhkenncas:f violence: or!i lirbitraryjJoree. ofr 1 any kirfd can find acyxlass more interested thcuf ia repreipn,'d : lose in barbarism and alita'gain.in ciYilizttion: our mission to :uardT an4 stai ahe Hiirnan-racrenders: feverything,! whiehdegradean. in juries thatraceimost abhoirtbui-jo- ; hasfc 