The Eights of the Women of Zion, Vol. SUNSET PICTURES. What wondrous painter is the King of Day ! Tec Master Artist, we all must say; Such skillful blending of light and shade, Such rich, rare tints hath his pencil made, That be who would copy despairs at last, And aside tho brush and colors cast; Yet man, too, wonderful works hath wrought, But to rival the sun In vain hath sought. Shall I try to tell what I saw afar In the sky one night, ere the twinkling star Peeped forth to tell that the setting sun The course of another day had run ? My eye first saw, as I looked above, On a deep, dark cloud, God's sign of love Eis seal of covenant rainbow bright, Like a coronet fair on the brow of night. But the scene soon changed, 'til glowing red, Like a prairie fire, the flames on sped, The smoke rolled highthen a change again Behold, an ocean with stormy main; A rock bound coast, with a vessel tossed By the itiless wave, while the cry "We are lost ! In fancy I hear, then, "Peace, be still, 'Tis the wind and the water, obey my will." You may call it fancy, yet I can fiud Much to please and instruct the mind In those pictures on cloudy sky Tlis ht parting gift his last good-bye- ; Given to chcei through the night's dark hour, Til ho comes again in his mighty power, Cheering the earth and the weary heart, Bidding the shadows and mists depart. i IIopb. 6 CONVERSATION. r Conversation is a great art," and one in which It is an accomplishment which every try to acquire. Few people study this art, and many think it is not necessary, simply because they are great talkers great talkers in one sense of the phrase, but small talkers in another. Good conversation does not depend on the number of words, but on the choice thereof. How often have I spent an evening among my friends, pretty, bright, intelligent young ladies and promising young men, and never heard one single sentence uttered that manifested thought, or edified one in the least, and from these same little sociables have returned home thinking what a worthless evening I had spent, listening to and talking a host of nothings. I think it is a duty every one owes to himself and to society to make a study of conversation. It is as true an art as painting, or music, and it includes all the arts, for one rwho is a perfect conversationalist has to understand them all, so as to speak intelligently about ..... them. . During Napoleon's life, thet ladies of his court were especially noted for their brilliant conversational powers, and none more so than tho fair Empress herself; even when the wife ? u.karnai3' ner nome was the rendezvous of politicians and men of letters, and never was court society more brilliant than under her sway. She encouraged all the arts and sciences to a great extent, and excelled in them herself, but in none did she display so much excellence as in conversation. Among the most noted of her sex for this power, perhaps the greatest, is Madam De btael; even as a child she displayed wonderful wlent in, that direction. Her father's home few excel. one-shoul- t d of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1, 1881. 10. sun-wroug- aid the Eights of the Women was a place where assembled the greatest and most learned of men, and all, even old, d gray-heade- men, used to hover round this little prodigy, aud listen to her arguments and wit with the deepest interest; she was but eleven when she entertained her father's guests in this manner. At the age of twenty she had gained a great reputation as a wit, and she always during her life, not only in Paris, but also in foreign countries, was surrounded by an admiring throng of the literati) she was singularly eloquent, and her conversation was brilliant in the extreme. This woman brought into society in a most philosophical manner the history of art, literature, manners, genius and national taste. The French, a3 a people, have always excelled in conversation, and their women especially have been noted for their brilliant acquirements. Yet the Americans are not far in the lurch, and noteworthy among them may be mentioned Margaret Fuller. In her girlhood her feal for good literature was most remarkable. Her facilities far reading were and she was surrounded by a circle of good, highly cultivated young people, therefore, as might be expected, she became a highly cultured conversationalist. Though she did not, perhaps, possess the natural abilities for conversation to so great an extent as Madam De Stael, yet she cultivated that art to its highest She gained high intellectual attainment. reputation, for she was a great student. She not only loved the art of conversation for herself, but also wished to instruct others in that direction, and for this purpose she instituted a . remarkable conversational class, which stimulated the minds of the more cultivated women of Boston, her native city, and even now some leaders of thought date back their first enlightenment to her, and wish their daughters might have such guidance. Utah may still produce a Margaret Fuller, perhaps it has; but few, comparatively, are the young people here who interest themselves sufficiently in the art of conversation to entertain and edify those with whom they converse, even upon interesting topics. I am sorry lo have to acknowledge that there is too much gossip existing in society here, and would advise that this be discountenanced, and the study of the true conversational powers be instituted in its stead. I am sure there is plenty ot natural ability, all that i3 lacking is the adaptability. Our Young Ladies' Associations might be a inplace where true conversation could b6 dulged in to a great advantage. The President could perform the part of a Margaret Fuller, .by choosing the subject and conducting the conversation. All things that tend to elevate the mind are in themselves religious, and the principles of the Gospel certainly include all high and worthy subjects; through proper versation judiciously managed we might make ourselves familiar with all the principles of our religion, and combine with them the highest thoughts of the most emment men and women Annie. of all ages. CORRESPONDENCE. St. John, Apache, Arizona Editor Co. Woman's Exponent: Thi3 place is the home of some of our sisters, (and some, very good ones too) far-awa- y therefore it should be represented in your col' umns. There are very good people here, good No. 11. neighbors and kind friends, and I am pleased to say many are moving out on their city lots, a little apart from the "outside element" by which they were before surrounded. The inhabitants of St. John (the old town) consist mostly of Mexicans, consequently their houses are not calculated to please the eye of a person used to the neat and tasteful homes in Utah; anct as our people' have as yet had only time enough to build rude shelters from the elements, we have the better opportunity of admiring the natural beauties of the country, which is indeed lovely at this season of the year. The grass completely covers the hills, and also the city plot, making, good pastures for the calves close to the houses. Many kinds of beautiful wild flowers are in bloom they seem to be doing their best, making' good use "of the time by springing up in every available place, as if aware that the time will be short until they will be replaced by our cultivated ' garden flowers. A few miles from here, on the mountain road, the whole country is in bloom with"morningglories"and"four o'clocks," together with many other kinds of flowers, until it seems a perfect paradise. We have a beautiful site for a city, and with the superior natural advantages and resources of the country to those we have, had in 6ome parts of Utah, causes me to feel that in a few years, by the blessing of God, we shall have a lovely city and prosperous homes. The Little Colorado, which a few months ago was little indeed (as a person could step across it), and it seemed to those who had newly arrived a burlesque to call it a river, has, since the rainy season begun, become a raging, foaming torrent, whose roaring could be heard at quite a distance. It presented a grand appearance as it dashed madly Over the rocks, showing how uncontrollable this little stream could become, not a tad similitude, I think, to the Kingdom of Qod, which, though small at first, shall finally become irresistible ; in its onward progress.. The sisters here seem to be doing the best they can under the circumstances, and a good spirit prevails in our meetings. Our President is Sister Richie, who seems to take a lively interest and to faithfully discharge her duties in that capacity, aided by her Counselors, Sisters former well known Ramsey and Tenney--thto many of the sisters in Utah, for her ability and skill as a doctress; and the latter a woman who is loved and respected by all who know her. All the members seem desirous of performing every duty and requirement, and to labor unitedly with our Bishop and all the '' brethren. We were favored last w;eek with a visit from our Stake President, Sister East, and? some others of the sisters from Snowflake and Tay lor. Sister East is well known in your city as a woman of superior ability and great integrity. She seem3 highly qualified for her position, and gave us some excellent instructions, as also did the sisters associated with her. Our Bishop, who was present at our meeting, also made some very excellent remarki forlout jiik-..- . struction and encouragement, showing that he appreciated the labors of the Relief Society, tmd the sisters, as well as the brethren, certainly respect and appreciate the labors i of Bishop D. K. Udell; rail seenr tofeel that he is the. right man in the right place, and his equal could scarcely be found for the position JEtka which he occupies.' e 