W verted to the Idea as to be always on hand and diligent in the performance of this duty, any more than other duties, which have been better understood, and are no doubt by many mor highly appreciated. Therefore It becomes necessary to talk a great deal on the subject, and also to Write and publish, "to stir up their pure No doubt it minds by way of remembrance-- , will always have to be done, the masses of the people are inclined to forgctfulneas Irl regard to many thiags. People everywhere are apt to be unmindful of those things that are not every day occurrences; and for that reason,we remark, d it would be well to have those telling words, "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," framed and hung up in every dwelling. Miss Anthony says: "In short It must become fashionable for women to attend pchool meetings as well as the polls before any considerable numbers In Utah, or anywhere else, will assert their constitutional rights." She also says: "I believe the secret cause of this lack of interest and consequent effort on the part of women is their utter hopelessness of making any changes, however much they may desire them. Men hate so long had absolute control, and though the right to vote is conceded, every activity of woman to shape matters in the primary meet-lag- s and nominating conventions is still deemed an obstrusion on her part, and made the subject of disagreeable comment, in a way that Intimi-- . dates her from interfering In caucuses, and failing to shape matters there, it is of little or no use to rush to the ballot box to help one or the other set of candidates into office, neither of which are pledged to the great reforms she deems g of society." most imp'.rtant to the - In Utah, we beg leave to say to Miss Anthony and others, that women who have taken the liberty (if it be a liberty to make use of the privilege conceded) to attend primary meetings, school meetings, or conventions, have been most politely treated, invited to speak and express opinions. Some have been placed on nominating committees, and in many precincts women have been chosen as delegates to county conventions, and also have been chosen as delegates to territorial conventions. Every office open to woman, she has been allowed to occupy, bijt the statutes of Utah still exclude woman from offices of trust or emolument. It is well known to Miss Anthony, Miss Qage and others of the leading ladies in the suffrage movement, that at two successive sessions of the legislature of Utah, a bill has been presented to remove the only obstacle now in the way to women's equality before the law in the The failure has government of this Territory. been due to the refusal of the Governor to extend the courtesy of his signature, and thus it Whether the present incumbent stands will be more liberal in his views and allow the male to be expunged as regards the matter of holding office, remains to be proved. well-bein- to-da- y. EDITORIAL NOTES. Mrs. E. Howard and Mrs. J. 8. Richards are in Brigham City attending the Ladies' Confer- ences of that Stake of Zion. The Primary Associations of North Ogden will hold a Children's Fair In that place on Wednesday, Sept 2. Many very pretty and useful articles have been made there for exhibition. . ; Bkigham Young College, In Logan, Cache Co., Miss Ida lone Cook Principal, opened on Monday, Bept 5, with more pupils than at any previous commencement, and with aood pros-pe- ot of being well filled ia.a ftw days. O Ml N':' S X PONE N T . Tjii? Logan Temple is progressing rapidly. It stands Upon a high eminence, and may be seen from all the surrounding settlements. Yesterday Mrs. E. R. S. Smith, Phebe Woodruff and E. B. Wells left on a tour through Sanpete County; intended holding meeting at Nephi last evening, and go on to Moroni where the Sisters' Stake Conference is to be held. to-da- y, 61 Society., commencing on the 3rd day of October, 1881. The book Is got up in a neat and comprehensive fetyle. Ladies' york on page 55 includes almost everything, and it is to be hoped that the young ladies of Salt Lake City and vicinity will make a good showing of these classes of workj and also In art and other departments in which they have an opportunity to compete. The large brick building in Ogden City, known as the Central School, is a very handsome and commodious structure, and gives Ogden some prestige in the matter of school houses. We understand there is an excellent graded school there, under the management of Prof. Monch. The National Citizen and Ballot Box for Au- gust contains many newspaper notices from the very best papers published of the "History of Woman's Suffrage from 1830 to 1880." As we have not seen a copy of the book yet, we beg to be excused from expressing n opinion (by the by we are notified there is one on the way for our sanctum),though we believe from our knowledge of the subject and of the authors. It Is a book that might be safely recommended to all, both for home libraries and public ones also. OBITUARY. Diej, in the 10th Ward, Salt Lake City, Au- gust 18th, 1881, of cholera infantum and teething, Don Carlos Bailey, son of S. H. B. and Mary C. Smith, aged 9 months and 27 days. His last words were "mamma, mamma." thou wert dear and precious; Thou hast gone In peace to rest. But again Til have my treasure When "mamma" is spared the best. Don Carlos, now I say farewell; My love for thee death cannot sever; And when we meet in heaven to dwell, We'll meet to part no more forever. Mary C. Smith. Don Carlos, LYDIA GOMBER. HOME AFFAIRS. , Sisters Sarah M. Kimball and Margaret P. Young attended the annual meeting of the Relief Society of Brighton Ward on Thursday, Sept. 8. Mrs. Mary A. Hazon presiding. The Secretaries of the Primary Associations of Salt Lake Co. are expected to forward a semiannual report to the Stake Secretary, Vilate C. Young, in good time for the Conference. The Stake Secretary of Y. L. M. I. A. wishes all reports from the several secretaries forwarded as soon as posssble, that they may be in good time for the Conference Saturday, Heptemter24, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. The Conference of the Primary of Salt Lake Stake will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Saturday morning, Sept: 24, and it is earnestly desired there should be as large an attendance of the Associations as possible from all the wards aud settlements. As-ociatio- ii3 IN answer to the many inquiries made concerning the little book prepared by Sister E. R. S. Smith for the use of the Primary Associations, entitled "Questions and Answers," we would say, it is in the hands of the publishers at the "Juvenile Instructor" office, aDd due notice will be given when it is ready for sale. desires the Stake Secretaries to forward semi annual rejwrts as early as possible, otherwise a complete geneial report cannot be prepared for the October Conference proximo. Morgan and Bear Lake are the only Stakes from which reports have been received up to this date, Tuesday, Sept. 13, 1881 The Secretary of the Central Board Y. L. M. I. A. specially desires Stake Secretaries of Y. L. M. I. A. in all the various Stakes of Zion to send full reports immediately to her, that she may prepare complete statistics for the coming October Conference. Those who have sent reports from date of organizaiion, need only furnish from date of last report. Direct to Louie Wells, Office Woman's Exponent, Salt Luke City, Utah. Please be prompt, and give siecial attention to all particulars. By courtesy of the Salt Lake Herald Publishing Company, we .have . received tha.Fair Pamphlet, containing over 70 pages of cuts and Hits of prize to be awarded at the coming Fair of the Deseretund Agricultural Manufacturing Secretary Sarah M. Kimball In the 16th Ward of this city, Wednesday, July 27th, 1881, about midnight, Miss Lydia Gomber passed peacefully away to her rest, after a lingering and painful illness of some months. Sister Lydia was born in what was then known as Albany township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, January 9, 1806. She was baptized Into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, in the summer of 1857, in the city of Philadelphia, by Elder, Angus M. Cannon, who was then President of the Conference in that locality. The lady emigrated to Utah in 1S59, bringing with her a youuger sister, and has resided In this city ever since. Her death leaves her sister entirely alone. The two liveti together for many years. The separation was painful, but He Who tempers the wind to the nhorn lamb will not for-gthe lonely and sorrowing ones, and will minister consolation in the hours of deepest trial. The funeral was held at the residence of the deceased, on Friday, July 29th, 1881, and the most intimate friends and some acquaintances of the lady were present. The Bishop's Counselor, Theodore McKean, took charge of the services, and good music was furnished by the 16th Ward choir. The speakers were Bishop Edward Hunter and Counselor D. H. Wells, both of whom had known Sister Gomber for many years, and testified to her excellent character,her sterling integrity and many virtues. She was a woman of few words, but sound in her Judgment and had great energy and erseverance, and an earnest desire to help in building up the kingdom of God upon the earth. Her faith was firm, and she died in the full hope of a glorious resurrection. May the divine consolation of the Holy Spirit rest down upon her aged sister, who is left to mourn, and may she realize the truth of these et precious Jines: "When thro' the waters I call thee to go, The rivers of sorrow shall not thee o'er flow; For I will lo with thee, thy troubles to bless, And sanctify to thoc thy decpeet dist ress." dp E. B. W. INDUSTRIAL PRIMARY FAIR, The Children's Fair for the Primary Associations of Salt Lake County will be held in the Social Hall in this city, commencing m Thurs day, the22d inst., and Continue three days. It will be held under the ainpu-cof the President, Mis. E, C. Clawson, aud bet octants, On s 