W OMAN'S E X P ON ENT. n DR. J. M. BERNHISEL. Died, at his residence In this city about 11:40 a. m. on Wednesday, September 28, 1881, Dr. John M. Bernhisel. His disease is said to hare been intermittent fever, from which he had been suffering only five days. The Doctor was born Of Respect, to the memory of&nter M. 23, 1799, 1881 A-ha- years, 8 month and 17 occasional sobs. days. co-work- Everything seemed indicative of a quiet night. At half-pa10, while Bpyn-to- n was conversing at Elberon Hotel, a messenger suddenly appeared and spoke to the doctor in an undertone, and he immediately lettthe table at which he was sitting and started on a run for Fraiicklyn Cottage. This movement was a sequel to the representatives of the press congregated at the hotel that something unusual had occurred. But few moments had elapsed when Mr. Warren Young, one of the executive clerks, came to Elberon Hotel and announced that the President was dead. , Previous to his dtath, the only words spoken by the President were that he had a severe pain in his heart. It is supposed by the surgeons that death was occasioned by clot blood formed in the heart. Dr. Bliss was the first one notified of the President's expression of pain, and upon entering the President's room at once saw that the end was near. Members of the family Were immediately summoned to the bedside. All arrived aDd perfect quiet prevailed, Mrs. Garfield bore the trying ordeal with great fortitude, and exhibited unprecedented courage. She gave way to no paroxysms of grief, and after death became evident, she quietly withn drew to her own room. There she sat a too of much widow, full grief, but with courage to exhibit it to those about her. She was laboring under a terrible strain, and despite her efforts, tears flowed from her eyes and her lips became drawn by her noble attempt to bear the burden with which she had been afflicted. Miss Mollie was greatly afflicted, and bursts of, teais flowed from the child's eye, notwithstanding her noble effort to follow the example of her mother. The death scene was one never to be forgotten. Perfect quiet prevailed, and there was not a murmur heard while the President was sink-i- n jr. After death had been pronounced, the body was properly arranged by Dr. S. A. Boyn-to19. st st , , . heart-stricke- n. , The ceremonies at Francklyn Cottage consisted of &r ptu re reading, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Iord,'' fcc., followed by an elo- very affecting prayer by Rev. Charles 3uent and of Long Branch. The bodj' of the dead was drepsed In the suit Presidept Garfield wore on Inauguration day, a d frock coat, dark black,' black trousers aud black satin necktie. The right hand lay by the side, and the Jeft across the heart. The casket waj placed In the hall, that the people who crowded the avenue might see the remains. Two eon tinels were posted at i t&- - doorT thi: Im ne person migh pas at a. m. 8.45 file began o pass at the and time, was rich but rjm- The casket hall. the through J vt, double-breaste- , -- t-o- t), ! I ed li covered with heavy black cloth, and Ele, being silver mountings. The only decoration The train which was to bear the body and mourners to Washington was drawn up before the Francklyn Cottage at 9.30 a.m., engine and cars being heavily draped. At the same time there arrived Chief Justice Waite,8ecretary and Mrs. Blaine, Secretary and Mrs. Windom, Secretary and Mrs. Hunt, Postmaster-Genera- l James and wife, Secretaries Lincoln; and Kirk-wooand AtUrney-UenerMacVeagh, and the doors were closed to visitors. .The caeket was placed in the same car that bore the suffering President to the shore, and the train moved away at 10 a.m , reaching Elberori sfativn at 10:12, where President Arthur and Gen. and Mrs. Grant were taken on board. The railroad was lined for half a mile with people, and as the train swept by the men stood silent with bare heads. The bell tolled, the drareries and flags of the village fluttered in the breeze, and Long Branch was deserted. One ot those on the funeral train says that the passage from Elberon to Washington was one continued manifestation, of sympathy and sorrow. In the populous cities, in the smaller villages and even in the country tlkough which the mournful train passed, demonstrations of sympathy were ever present. In the, larger cities multitudes of people assembled and stood absolutely silent, with heads uncovered, as the train passed by, while the tolling of bells, flags and the funeral drapery flying at, half-mawhica covered manv buildines all added in thn solemnity of the ecene. At numerous points along the route beautiful floral offerings were to be seen, and at several places the track was literally covered for a distance of more than 100 yards with ferns and flowers. Even in the country, along the route of the railroad, there was no lack of evidence of affectionate regard and sympathy. Men, women and children collected on the porticos of dwellings near the track, at the crossings and on ihe embankments . Commanding et near vJic of tho paasng trafn, and with bowed and uncovered heads for a fleeting instant, as the train rushed past, gave evidence of their sorrow. laborers in the fields watched the coming of the train bearing the dead President and with bared arms aad uncovered heads stood mute and sorrowful while the funeral train passed. No incident worthy of note occurred on board during the parage, and at 4.35 p. m. the train slowly entered the depot, when the casket was at once removed to the hearse in waiting. The funeral party took seats lu carriages, and under military escort the procession at once moved toward the Capitol. A vast throng wre assembled about the depot, every avenue and approach being densely packed with Jostling, but In 6very Instance, quiet, and orderly citizens. A large force of police were on duty, and the immediate approaches to the depot were roped off and closed against all save those participating In the ceremonies .or who held special cards of admission to the. depot. The military were drawn up against the east side of Sixth street with sthe right resting on Pennsylvania avenue, tjpon the opposite side of the street nearest the depot was a Jong line of carriages, preceded by the hearse, whi:h was drawn up directly at the main gate on the Sixth street side. The hearse used waV 'furnished by Undertaker Spears, of that , city; and is known a3 the centennial hearse', it having been awarded the prize at the centennial exhibition. It was draped in black of rich and heavy ma, terlal, wholly unrelieved by ny other color, and horses whose trapwas drqwn by six Iron-gra- y also in sombre black. Just, draped pings were before the train entered the depot' the platform was cleared by the police, and the officers of the army and navy to the numter. of IS') formed in single rank upon the left, facing ,r tho .train. . As the tran slowly rolled into tho depotqyery head upon the platform was uncovered, and a stillness a3 of t the grave pervaded the vast throng, which for more thari an hour had been patiently "'. waiting by, the road elde. MraGarfield- assisted bv Secretary Soan -- JBlainer descended frm tbcarf and taklng' his ' arm upon her right and that cf Ler ecri Harry Upon her left, she walked directly to the carriage In waitfug. Her face was completely concealed by a heavy black VI1 which hung nearly to half-mast- SOME DETAILS OF THE NATIONAL CALAMITY. or . d, ve Elberon, r al sorrowing family. Resolutions of respect and condolence were , also adopted in the 8abbath School. Mrs. Mary Morrison, Prest. Mrs. Hannah Corn a by, Cor. See. ce po-ose- 15 Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread upon the record of the Society, and a copy be. sent to the Woman's Exponent, and our Sisterfs We regret to learn of the demise of S. A. Mann, of Utah, who died recently at Reno, Nevada, of dropsy, from which he had been suffering for some time past. It will be remembered that It was Governor Mann who approved the bill granting suffrage to the women of tMa, Territory, and as a natural conee-quenhe has been held in high esteem by those who appreciate political privileges. He deserves to be honored and his name held in remembrance to the latest generations, for so exceptionally noble an act. He was a gentleman of fine ability and generous impulses, and of brilliant attainment!. He was well beloved and greatly admired by those who had the pleasure of his acquaintance, for he possessed genuine nobility of heart and was highly endowed intellectually. Whatever may have been his faults h wa 4 befriend and benefactor of woman, and as Mich we should ever remember him. He certainly extraordinary courage, when he dared to aged ment. GOVERNOR MANN DEAD. .nonst-araJwUhcu- Brim-hal- l, who died in Spanish Torh, Sept. 9th, -- friend of the Prophet Joseph Smith, whom he held in the highest reverence as a brother and servant of God, and he knew, perhaps, more of his home life than almost any other man, having boarded in the family and attended upon the household as family physician for several years. He was true as steel to the interests of the kingdom of God, and willing to endure all things for the truth's sake. He was genial and interesting in conversation, such a man as one never tires of conversing with, for he had always something to impart, was full of intelligence and originality. Dr. Bernhisel was the first delegate to the Congress of the United States from Utah, and while in Washington made many staunch friends, who still hold him in honorable remembrance. His days have been filled with usefulness, and he has passed away at peace with all the world, in the full faith of the Everlasting Gospel, to join the Prophet he so dearly loved and hosts ot Saints who have preceded him, to await with them the glorious resurrection of the just. The funeral of Dr. Bernhisel was held on Friday Sept. 30, in the 17th Ward Assembly Rooms, of which we will publish particulars hereafter. May our Heavenly Father in His tender mercy soften this sad bereavement to the sorrowing family, the widow and her children, and may they be able to acknowledge the Divine Hand even in this sore affliction, and rely upon the arm of the Almighty for strength to endure this trying ordeal, for though they have been, called to mourn a husband and father, he has passed to his rest, and is now no doubt rejoicing that he has gained the victory over death and the grave. m .fallings (and their tears. Those familiar with the President's countenance could scarcely recognize him, so pinched and haggard Mas the face, with its drawn lines and changed contour. The solemn s iJence was broken only by the sorrowful strokes of the bells, the rustling of the awed people, and Adopted by the members of the Y.L. M. I. A. of Spanish Fork, Sept 12th, 1881. Whereas, Our Father in heaven has seen tit in the dispensations of His Providence to call from our midst our much beloved and respected friend and sister, Prudence M. Brlmhall Resolved, That we, the members of the Y. L. M. i. sustained the loss of a valued friend and who had become endeared to us by her faithfulness1, genuine piety, and gentle, unassuming deportment. Resolved, That we sincerely condole and sympathize with her afflicted family in their bereave- giene. Dr. Bernhisel was a true gentleman in every sense cf the word; a man of learning, versed in literature, and one who ranked high in the medical profession. Deceased was a moat intimate and very dear Ex-Govern- was a Bago palm, extending upward from the foot of the casket. As the file passed through, the church bells tolled, and few could keep back, po- RESOLUTIONS at Sandy Hill, Pennsylvania, but united with the Church of Jesu9 Christ in the State of New York, where he was then residing, and engaged in the practise of his profession. He belonged to what is known as the "old school" class of physicians, but he held his own peculiar views on the subjects of health and hyJune do what wis so unpopular, as to sanction the litical rights of women. 69 M ed 