same spirit which delights in witnessing tragedies well played, which laughs at comedies well discompresented, and which can smile at thekind and because some fiture of a fellow-bein- g charitable individual has had the power to make him, or some act of his, appear ludicrous in the eyes of others. It is the same , spirit, of the though in a milder form; but, in view more boasted enlightenment of the age, is no charitable than were the performances of the bloodthirsty Roman populace. It is true, there are times when an innocent of laugh may be created, but the very elementevibest the and a joke is something vicious, dence that what I say is true can be found in each heart. Persons for whom we cherishra deep and abiding love or friendship, are per Bona for whose feelings, unless instigated to momentary retaliation, we entertain the utmost consideration, and scarcely any sacrifice of light desires is too great for such persons. We would do nothing to annoy them. But it is an individual for whom we have little or no, frienddislike- ship, for whom, perhaps, we cherish a founded on good reasons, it may be; how seldom have we the forbearance, the consideration, the charity, to forego an opportunity of belittling euch an individual. Not for a world would we inflict bodily pain; but with a sort of fiendish delight we hold the object of our dislike up to ridicule, caring little or nothing how deeply a sensitive organization be wounded; and how ten times worse than blows would be is the punishment we inflict, just by way of a joke. That's all. Heaven save me from a joker J He is vicious; he is not filled with a truly Christian spirit; he cannot be refined, or he wauld know how easy it is to wound a sensiiive organization, and lest some one might feel justified in inflicting the torture on him: he would be careful how he did or said that which might grieve others. The joker is a tyrant, a boor, and He is entitled to no should be abolished. mercy, for he shows none; he brings with him only a vicions spirit, which he has not the power to control nor the sense to treat wisely. Simple Simon. WRITING: The art of writing is very ancient, and it is interesting to note the various improvements that have been made from time to time. It is supposed by some that in the Bible is recorded the first instance, Ex., 17th chap., 14th verse: "And the Lord said unto Moses, 'Write this for a memorial in a book.'" And also, Ex., 24th chap.: "And Moses wrote all the words of the Lord." But Moroni, in the Book of Mormon, gives an account of the people of Jared, hich he copied "from the twenty and four plates which were found by the people of Limhi, which is called the Book of Ether." The first part of tho record "speaks concerning the creation of the world, and also of Adam, and an account from that time even to the great tower." (Page 516.) The records also give an account of the people from the tower till they were destroyed, about 600 years B. C. The writer of tho record was Ether, a descendant of Jared, who came from the tower of Babel with his brother and others. Jesus Christ appeared to the brother of Jared, and told him to write and seal the things he saw end heard: ''And the Lord said unto him, write these things and seal them up, and t will 6bow them in mine own duo time unto the children of men." This interview took place a few years after leaving the tower, which they left at the time the language was confounded, about 2447 year B. C, and 426 years before Abraham died; consequently; the brother of Jared probably wrote 676 years before Moses, as we do not know how long it was after leaving the tower that Jared's brother wrote, or haw old Moses was when he wrote, I suppose the next piece, of ancient writing is The Book of Abraham, purporting to have been written by his own hand on papyrus, and translated by Joseph Smith; it was found in the Catacombs of Egypt. Abraham died 1821 years B. C, and Moses was born 1571 years B. C, so the former must have written at least 250 years prior to the latter. .The records of the Nephites were engraved on plates which had the appearance of gold, and were hid about A. D. 420; the Lamanites, the present Indians, were quite degraded then, and if they practised the art at that time, no doubt lost it soon afterwards. The pen is mentioned in the Bible several times: once in Job, xix, 23, 24: "Oh, that my words were now written ! oh, that they were printed in a book! That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock forever! " Many different materials have been used to write upon; the Egyptians prepared a rush called papyrus; they wrote upon it with Teeds. Upon waxen tablets they used an iron style. Quills wrere in general use before the invention of the steel pen, in 1825, by Mr. James Perry, of Manchester, England. Vellum is yet used for writing deeds upon. Paper made of linen rags was used in England in 1417. Books were scarce till printing was invented. The first printed book was published in 1462, and the first newspaper was printed in London in 1622. By writing our thoughts, actions and discoveries are committed to paper and preserved for the benefit of future ages. Had it not been for this art, our knowledge of the history of the world would be very meagre and not at all reliable, as it would be impossible to rehearse a circumstance from generation to generation and keep it correct; whereas, a written copy of a statement would bo as corcect in future ages as at the time of writing. Writing is an art that has the direct approbation of Heaven, from being practised by heavenly beings, for the tables containing the Ten Commandments were made by God, ''and the writing was the writing of God graven upon the tables;" and in the 8th chapter of St. John we read: "But Jesus stooped down, and with His finger wrote on the ground, as though He heard them not." "And again He stooped down and wrote on the ground." A MANNIKTN CHART SPE HAVING PROCURED etc., I am now prepared to rive Instructions In the art of Obstetrics and other branches connected there- with. My class will open Nov. 1st. 1881. Those wfehin to join this class will please communicate with me at once, ft being necessary to send east for books. Terms: Tuition, 00 Address, Lessons, $30; books, three in number, B. R- - SniPP, M. D., Salt Lake City. Qmci and Reskcexcz in Contributor building first door north of Z.C.M.L fli WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS, HEAVY ZEE 333 T and Of Salt Lake On Thursday, November 3, the Sisters of Tooele had a very pleasant party, to pay their farewell respects to Sister Rebecca Williams, President of the Primary Association, who is going to move to Malad to live with her children. The party was held at the residence of Sister Jeanette Delamare. President of the Relief Society. There were present the Bishop and Counselors and Brother Delamare, and all the officers and teachers of the Relief Society, about twenty-seve- n in number. Our party commenced with singing and after prayer, which all the sisters expressed their good feel-iuand respect for Sister Williams." She was presented with a gold ring and a very nice quilt, and Sister Emily Warburton was also presented with a gold ring, as tokens of respect for their faithful labors and good works, bister Warburton has been our Secretary ever since the organization of the Relief Society. Alter all had expressed their good wishes, the party sat down to a bounteous repast, and spent the evening in singing the songs of Zion and m soml intercourse. All went as pleasant as a feast, and all present felt it was nrruge a Umt not to be forgotten. Ann Tate, Cor. Sec'j. gs 33 X vicinity win find the LARGEST and City BEST SELECTED STOCK of & SLIPPERS, BOOTS, fullSHOES and desirable beet brands Also, OlaildLrort's obe n the West I GEO. FOR ones, Fine Shoes tW Tour Ordert art SoUdkO. JDTT3ST3POJRJD. S-A-XjI- E. SILK, Home-Mad- e AT CUTLER'SICOMMISSIOX STORE H. DINWOODEY, WBOUSALI AMD BRAIL DZALZR 1ST FTJKNITURE, eos, iiie hittbesses futeebs mi spene Z3A.33"Y" Q.A.IR.DRT pupeb A.GE8, 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, S ALT LAKE CITY. ST JOK OH If J.JELGr Of Heme Made Trunks for C. 8ale by PBOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Buildlngi also HOME MADE CUTLER, Agent tor the Constitution Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Lineeys, Jeans, Brown Yams, White Yams, Colored Yarns, Caasimers, Tweeds, PALACE OF FASHION, IMZDRS. farewell' PARTY. SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSYVARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. -- Ann Fellows. NOTIONS, GROCERIES, & No. IT O. IE. Cotton Batting, Wool Batting, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc, Etc. EAST TEMPLE ST DYE, Desires the Ladles of Salt Lake and those the City, to call at her Show Rooms and see ber New visiting Stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of iiats and Bonnets, In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also, a ntoe selection In Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons In the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please CalL Ladles' Bah Work in all Its branches. Good Work Guaranteed! F. AUERBACH & BRO. -- HAVE BEHOVED TB THEM HEl'l SIOBE, Sss. 124 4 126 CALL AND EXAMINE I tST Spring and Summer Goods. DAVID JAMBS, TINNER, CAS WATER STEAM FITTER. fc tor BUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCE tJIT!83! PUMPS. Pomps Repaired on short notice. Orders from Ue country promptly responded to. VWm Addrtm, DavU JamtMf Box 308, Salt Loks City. SALT LAKE CITY. Special Departments lor Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladies and Children's Shoes? Dry Goods, Shawls and ixxnesdas, Groceries, Hard- wr ana stores. DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. IS. 3?. ITIA FTDIEIi. 