WOM AN our let u?, through and happiness, crushing policy, present it to the nations desolaabroad, a spectacle of confusion, s tion and woe. Let us tearasunder that mighty shield of the rights of conscience, our glorious Constitution-l- et us place our veto on the commands of the Almighty- - and presume to measure arms with the Great Ruler of the Universe. Thus taith the Supreme Court of the United State of America, the court offinA decision, the highest Tribunal of a great and powerful nation, the last earth1 resort to which the oppressed can appeal for protection, and bujftring innocence, for rcdreM. Eliza R. S. Smith. Sister Eliza, as "Las been .stated, like other native-borAmerican women,prided herself upon the Constitution, believing it gave religious liberty to all of whatever creed, sect or denomination. Her forefathers fought for liberty and freedom, and she is strongly endowed with the spirit of true patriotism. That decision was to her a di.cappointment,and she could but give expression to her outraged feelings in It seemed impossible that scathing sarcasm. wise and judicious minds, from whose those is no appeal save to One above, there judgment should render such a decision, and one cannot help exclaiming, "How are the mighty fallen!" To be continued. n SCENES IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN -f Ml ' - ; . f J: M' ! I The Prophet Joseph, beinganxious to have my father nearer to himself and his brethem,our place on the hill was exchanged for one on the flat, where father built us a more commodious house of hewn logs containing three lower rooms and a chamber, which we moved into the fall after his return from Europe. Our city was then in its infancy, and no sawmills or brick kilns had been built. We liked the situation of our new home much the best, being in the vicinity of the Temple and grove where the meetings were held, and also the general traveling ground, as well as the Mississippi river, where we could go to bathe any evening without fear of intrusion. In the summer season the water was very warm,but sometimes in the heat of the summer it was considered unhealthy, and the Prophet thought it advisable to abstain from indulging tod freely during the sickly season. ' For a time after we settled on the flat there were but few houses built between ours and the river, and "oft in the stilly night" w aking from our slumbers we would hear delicous strains of music wafted by the breeze over our quiet city from some steamer passing up or down the river, as they were frequently accompanied by minstrels, sometimes colored people.and their music was perfectly enchanting "Behold how brightly breaks the morning," "The Cracovion Maid" and "Home, Sweet Home," and in many EthToJcan airs they excelled. The following verse will.no doubt, remind many beside myself jjf their most charming seranades Mj kiff ii by the shore ehe'p light nd fiw, To ply the feathered or t It Joy to mc, And t she rlld ' . . ! ? t - UK .. ! ' along, ihall br, Dearett maid, I lore bnt the !" My song 1 MAR WHITNEY. Negro melodies are always sweet, and there is something most exqusite in the sound of music from the water. y We hardly realizedjhe extent of our blessings there, until we came to this far off desolate looking countr v. For a number of years of myself JllJ.hrWespite woods and bills and delightful vales that we had been exiled from.And most of all was the wfiUld-VanUbr-tbe-gre- 8 -- EX P 0 NE N T . view of the broad Mississippi, where we could see and hear the the steamers as they plied up and down its quiet bosom. We did not know how to appreciate them,nor those beautiful rich prairies covered, as far as the eye could reach, with tall waving grass? and decked with wild flowers of various hues, with occasional groves and streams of water; nor the woodlands where grew a variety of native fruits and nuts, so near us that they" could be had for the plucking; but here we had ta go to the canyons and climb mountains to obtain the service berry and the few indigenous fruits of the country. The few old settlers in Commerce had an abundance of Apples,Peaches and Cherries,etc, but we were not allowed to stay there long 'enough to enjoy the fruit from our own orchards. Had it not been for my kindred ties, and what was of still greater value, my religion, I am sure that I could not have reconciled myself to remain in this dreary and out of the way place, and there were many more who, had it not been for their faith in the promises of the Almighty, who they knew had guided his servants here by revelation, could not have held out under the many trials and privations that thev were subjected to. There were a few whose faith failed them and they sought a more congenial clime. During our long from here Nauvoo, we had been accusjourney tomed to noise and bustle of camp life, and many a time I longed for some quiet spot where I could enjoy a little solitude; but after our journey was ended and the Saints began to to scatter over the valley and our men were all gone to work in the Canyons or digging ditches, building, planting, or doing what ever was necessary, we had quietness and solitude to our hearts' content. No one who was able to work could afford to be idlebut I had been and was still very sick when we entered the Valley and no one but my father thought it possible for me to live, and it was my misfortune to be an invalid for a number of years after, and oh, those long quiet days, sometimes it seemed to me they would never draw to a close. We lived then where we do now near the mouth of City Creek canyon, which was really the most romantic and delightful spot in the Valley; there were two branches that ran through the city but after they were changed and all the willows and wild rose bushes which thickly covered them and kept the water cold as it came down from the mountains were dug away, there was nothing left to admire but the 'rugged snow capped mountains or to relieve the eye from the everlasting sage brush and sun flowers. I remember with what joy I welcomed the whistle of the locomotive on the day that it first entered this Valley; the first car, by the by, that I had ever seen or heard, as the Latter-da- y Saints had moved westward in advance of the railroads. There had been one commenced at Quincy, Illinois, before we came there from Missouri; but there was nothing more done to it until after we left the States. When I reflect upon the past scenes and some of the incidents in the early history of the Saints and draw the comparison between then and now, and see their present prosperous condition, with our beautiful cities and farms with flocks and herds and rich pastures spread over this once desolate landj am led to exclaim, Oh how weak and shortsighted we mortals are and how much need there is for revelation from a higher power than man to guide us. Could anything of a worldly nature induce me now to leave my home in this lovely City ? No. I would not exchange it and the peace that I enjoy with this people for all there is cast or west of these Rocky Mountains; at least until the time comes for Zion to return to ihberit the lands whence she was driven, for to her I can say: Whither thou goest, I willgcr, where thou -- -- ; lodgest, I will lodge; thy people shall be my people, and thy God toy Goil." I seated myself to dot down incidents and scenes in Nauvoo; but before I am aware of it I find that iny thoughts have carried me faraway from the subject: but to continue: Among the most pleasant of my early re membrances was the Nauvoo Brass Band which was organized in the year 1842 by Brother William Pitt and also the Martial Band under Bro. Levi W. Hancock and Dimick B. Huntington, as Fife and Drum Major. Their best drummer was Brother E.'P. Dusette, with whom we were previously acquainted in Far West, Missouri. His performance on the drum-- I never saw equalled. Samuel D. Billings, eldest son of Bro. Titus Billings was nearly as good. In 1843, or near that time Laving become a member of the choir, led by Stephen Goddard, I became intimately associated with the members of the choir and Brass Band in the concert of vocal and instrumental music given in our Nauvoo Concert Hall.y I shall probably refer to them again, as we were associated from that time and journeyed together from Nauvoo to Winter Quarters. To be continued. . THE OTHER SIDE. I want to tell you a little of the prosy side of our pictursque summer home resort. We camped out in the pines when we first reached the Lake,but the morning brought rain,steady. lightdrenching, penetrating rain. Camp-fire- s shadows beautiful the the scene, casting ing up of stately pines, and playing fitfully upon the groups of lounging forms, around. But when the rain puts out the coals, soaks the biscUts, spoils the sugar and runs down your face you are not as impressed with the beauties of wild untutored nature as is the one who is not there. So we were glad enough to scramble in the boxes, pails, ropes, camp-kettlewagon, camp-chairbabies and all,and rattle dismally down to where a few log cabins stand close to the water's edge. The large empty room offered us seemed a haven of rest. Pshaw! what if it was We discovered an invalid smoky and dirty. bedstead, and ingenuity and a few boards soon shaped another the fireplace was large, and best of all, it did not leak. Here we are safe, warm and dry. There were lizards, the bluff owner told us. uOuch, ouch," uttered the women. "Oh, what of that," said the men, drawWe also found ing their feet closer together. that a chance squirrel, running across the roof, sent the dirt rattling down like hail. Oh,well, we got used to that, as well as to the plaster falling from the side walls into our food and beds. We are under the necessity of using a broom ly. We are out of sugar, candles and tea, but the view is sweet, the moon is new, and the air is invigorating. Sometimes we essay to ride; there are but men's saddles (a favor at that), and we dare not emulate our masculines' manner of riding except when alone and away from observation; and, ah, our easy riding animals have those tiresome 'Tis healthy, however, to be is jolted. It known here to have no wood, and men out fishing on the lake. Tis there .we rise superior to the occasion, and raising up our arms, we raise our muscle and hew the native pine, and like our sister Lo, we are not grace itself, but we cook the meal. Our1 health is so and we Our hearts are; light, good, sing. and so we dance. Our fish is trout, and so we eat. Our table's rickety, what matter. Our skins are tanned, 'tis nothing. One night, our took a ride, and, ah, when she merry Georgie came back, we thanked our God. .Far out up : in the lonely Toad,4he horse laydead-an- d carour1 nage splintered up, but she, darling,' lay safe withm our ihhs.- - And thus we live. ' s, s, semi-occasion- al 'sore-backs- ." - 