WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' A HEART'S RESPONSE. passed to school ? .or on the errand on which they might have been sent- They were fresh' and rosy with health, and were perfect types of the little rustic, though they differed in " trar'ler on the barren desert waste and despair, ffoald soon grow faint and weary, not cooling draughts for him to taste, Acre there some green oasis there. Upfpringing from even bo in life, when fortunes frown, t s M' Tiea hearts are sad, and brains are tempest-tosfaith is almost gone, tfben joy and hope, e'en too seem los-tAnd worthy aspirations to know, indeed sublime the thought, jjotr iweet Xhit friendship's link remains unbroken still; nectar sweet to mortal lips is brought Ecstatic bliss. Our cups of joy o'erfill! ap- flt lighter 'neath a loving stroke, time assuaged by friendship trne; and the cloak fire enkindled, junctions of brighter hue. for dress Of woe exchanged there sparkles, fair and bright, Upon my hand of thy trust; Thy gift, this ring, an emblem a beacon 'twill be, light, X talisman of good and faces and names pure just. Revealing E'en pata grows Wild grief, in day is pa6t! But oh, the memory Lire on, and ere will lire throughout -- all time; Yes, longer still, through bright eternity It will be written on this heart of mine. Non-enterprisin- ones, for all the honor you have shown, As recompense what can I say or do? My heart is full, and fain would make it known, That love and gratitude abound for you. Loved Ah, And 8. L. love; join you in "that better world above. E. R. Shipp, M. D. Jan. 23, 1S81. City, SARAH CARTER. WHO WAS IN A TRANCE SEVEN YEARS. BY nANNAH T. KING. upon a time" formerly these words invariably commenced some remarkable tale, so I take them, as mine is also a remarkable tale, but not founded on "fairies," or "Bluebeards," "Once histories that of those wonder-excitin- g used to be written for the young readers of those ancient days, and generally commenced with these words as above. My tale, or the episode in a life which I am about to rive, is a veritable fact, to which I was again and again an eye witness. I shall again repeat these ominous words, "once upon a time," when (looking through the lens of memory) the very earth seemed young, when fruit seemed more luscious and flowers more exquisitely sweet in their perfume,even if they were not so gorgeous in appearance. We had not then heard of the rose of the "Cloth of Gold," the Hybrid rose, and the Nosette, and the Bankseer, and others, and a "Horticultural show" was a nine days' wonder, blackberrying and the were days in the donutting mestic calendar of youth, and the village "feast" was the grand exposition of the year! The very remembrance oi those times brings fter us a freshness, a freedom, a gladness; that or any woe-exciti- never-to-be-forgott- ng nothing to-da- y er seems akin to. Ia the pano-nun- deep sympathy and respect for her, arid she evidently appreciated these "feelings jn me. Such were the parents of the children above. des-crib- . J ed 'When Sarah was about fourteen years of age she had a severe attack of typhoid fever. Her mother alone nursed her with the most devoted care, and she seemed to recover from death itself. At last she arose from her bed, but there was such extreme weakness and prostration of vital energy that she would frequently lie down and have long sleeps. Her mother considered this as nature bringing about a restoration in her own way, and did not attempt to prevent it. Time passed on and she seemed restored in a degree, but lethargy increased upon her; she would sleep for hours, and at last whole days, and then arouse up and take some food. Still it seemed no effort was made to throw off the lethargic state Instead of into which she was daily sinking. be would now weeks, perhaps two, that days, it she would sleep, and at last she sank into that sleep, or trance, which lasted seven years! At the commencement of this trance-lik- e stage doctors were called in, and indeed ra:my went to witness the strange phenomenon uncalled for. Doctor Haviland and Doctor Ficklin, both of Cambridge, physicians of great practice and high character in the medical world, and also in the highest society, were daily visitors, for a lon time, to the bedside of the sleeping girl. Many experiments were tried, until the poor mother stood forward in her commanding way, and declared her child should be no more "tampered with." To be Continued.' SPANISH FORK PRIMARY. The Primary Association of Spanish Fork had a party in the City Hall on Wednesday Dec. 22nd, 1880 when about 200 of the little folks assembled and participated in the enjoyment of the occasion consisting of dancing, singing, recitations fec. Cakes pies and candy were bountifully distributed, and all seemed to highly enjoy themselves. Just before dark they were dismissed, and in the evening many of the parents assembled some went forth in the dance others enjoyed themselves in social chat, or listining to the sweet tones of the organ, or the voice of song in the Council Room which was very comfortably fitted up for the occasion. At 10 P. M., refreshments were handed round was dismissed again. At 12 P. M., the party with prayer. Much credit is due to the Presidency of theJPrimary Association and assistantsa for their labors in getting up so enjoyable also the Adults. party for the Juveniles and Respectfully, Emma Monk. ANNIVERSARY. - a of those golden days, vistas through which we are now peering, I see two little girls! Yes, were I a mechanical painter I could produce them on the canvas, even to their features and the very expression of those little round, chubby faces; they exhibited strong characteristics, thefugh the eldest couldTbareiy be eight, and the other probably six years , old. They ere ever dressed precisely alike, quaint and original, as everything was about them; they ore little straw cottage bonnets lined, with a Piece of ribbon simply put across to tie them down, little shawls quaintly pinned down at the waist, frocks, stockings and shoes all Mn. they invariably walked hand in hand as they g, long-sleeve- en red-lett- pearance; Sarah, the principal subject of this little sketch,was entirely the tytlc rustic; Betsy, her sister, denoted a more refined physique, her complexion pink aud white Sarah the brunette. They ever seemed entirely devoted to each other; in passing groups of children they would eve them as they passed, and perhaps look back a little over the shoulder, but on no account did they ever stop to nmke observation or listen to what was going on. This picture is apropos to them for years. Did not all this denote character in children of such an early age? I think so. Probably they acted under orders from and truly were obedient. they The father of these children was a man far advanced in years; he was himself a character. I expect his type is obsolete, for at that time even, he seemed to belong to a past age. He was a small farmer, but his own landlord like a certain class of that when he started into life. He would grow day some wheat,' enough his familv.i nnd u to surmlv i r j j sufficient to sell to pay his taxes and other tri- ning expenses, oats tor his horses, which always looked fat and lazy, peas for his pigs, of which he farmed many, and barley for malt for his own use, and some also for the market. He had married early in life, but his family had grown up ana gone out into the world, and his wile was dead. Of course he must have a housekeeper, and he found one the very counterpart of himself, only she was younger by some years; how long she remained housekeeper deponent knoweth not, but finding her one who could ably fill the chair of state in his household, he honorable marriage and was accepted, ?roposed could describe her! for she too was'' of a type now extinct; indeed, at the time of which I write she stood out in bold relief, like her husband, as belonging to the past In appearance she was homely, but not vulgar, strong and stalwart in form, but not masculine; an arm that we should have shunned, had she been angry and attempted to hold a culprit. She always wore short sleeves from the elbow ' she would have hid herself in the bushes had she been found walking in the garden in the d dress, as somecool of the day in a handthing she ought to be ashamed of! a large kerchief over her shoulders, primly pinned down at the waist; a full apron, that had the appearance of half a skirt, an open dress folded and pinned back, a bright colored calimanco petticoat, a cap but over that she eternally wore a little black bonnet; whether she slept in it I am unable to say, but she was never seen without it from the rising of the sun to the going down of the same. I do not know whether my picture will be vivid to my readers but to me it is graphic and true to the life. I have spoken of her figure, now a few words on the face; she wore one eternal expressionhad she ever smiled? It must be long ago. In imagined at looking at her, one might have have had a one time in her life she might set its mark upon great sorrow, and it had her as a heavy cloud, which no sunbeam ever lifted. Had she loved in early life and been of light "disappointed?" I have not a glimpse must leave it; but if so, upon that subject, so the it might have been one cause why she took was uncouth old man for her husband. He face also rich; that might have put a bright rate she became Mrs. upon affairs. At any became Carterand in every sense of the wordswas not an excellent wife and mother. She m her not repulsive, buf certainly she winning looked atoly manners and appearance; behind the times in which she lived WhraJ times I am came to know her, years after the ever fel now describing, in her gf&t sorrow head-quarter- s, The yes, my future aim in life shall bo To live more worthy of thy trust and Be true in joys and through adversity, 130 celeThe Paris 2nd Ward Relief Society on brated the anniversary of its organization Pres. were present: Monday 3rd Jan. There Maria Rich and Lindsay and Counselors," also Elizabeth Ceilings of the stake presidency, beKice Pres. Mary A. Shepherd and Bishop members and sides a great attendance of was friends. The first on the programme of the society the supper, after which, andreport addresses mage was read for slteTof the presidency JM lowed by Mop he m Price who encouraged the sisters ws spent m time of the lanTmgUsmging. All rod to the gS JSSt themselves thoroughly, Buch spirit that gathering promote. 