WOMAN'S EXPONENT PATRIARCH HYRUM SMITH'S BIRTHDAY. A party was given Febuary 9th, by the R. S., JofthisVlftcaln honor of the birthday anniversary of our Martyred Patriarch HyTum Smith. Quite a large number sat down to well spread tables at four o'clock; after partaking of a bounteous repast the evening was spent in 'dancing, singing, instrumental music. Short speeches (from Elders Duncan, Chaffin and Fuller, they being the only residents in Cedar, who were acquainted with Brother Hyrum. Some very good line written for the occasion, .by E. C. Cox, were also read; a very agreeable evening no was spent by all. which the readers wijl find complete on the 26th page of the "Correspondence oi the Palestine Tourists." We extract a few lines: ' J. P. MACK E LPRA NG . This day we've met in festive throng, To celebrate the birth Of one who's filled a place among The noblest sons of earth. Just four score years and one to day Dawned that auspielons morn, When earth in darkest slumber lay Our Patriarch was; born. -- Th'o cradled not in luxury Nor reared 'mid pomp and state, He early proved himself to be A Hero good and great. And one of heaven's nobility Reserved by God's own plan; To usher in, in purity The Gospel unto man. And to his latest breath remained A Champion of the right. He loved the Prophet Joseph too, Dear as he loved his life, And by his side stood firm and true Through every 6cene of strife. And when was quenchedjthat vital spark Upon that fatal day, Our martyred Seer and Patriarch away. But though for righteonBness he fell, He lives behind the vail; Beyond the powers of earth fcnd hell And demons to assail. And as when he upon this earth The path of virtue trod, So now he's busy rolling forth The. purposes of God. . , And onward now as in the past His course will ever be; Till he shall reign a king and priest Throughout eternity. Then while we celebrate his birth With honor and with love, Oh may we emulate his worth And follow him above. E. C. Cox. Cedar City. OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS PEN SKETCH ' WOMAN ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH. J - 'v Ibl The steamer bearing the company in which Sister Eliza was traveling arrived in Liverpool Nov. 19, and the tourists remained two days in that city, and then-went up to London, where calling on they spent nine days sight-seeinbister dignitaries, and visiting places of note, all the Eliza expressed as much pleasure in London abounds, variety of wonders with which as any young lady could have manifested. I he her spirit of poesy, which has never forsaken helped tD give expression to the delight and she enjoyments of the journey, and wherever went she burst forth in1 song; which her ready pen soon committed to paper.. In London she penned a pom named after that grand city, g, Sister Eliza does not appear to have lost a single point of interest in all her journeying;" her enthusiasm never (lagged. In London she attended Conference and met with the Saints. She said to Elder Junius P. Wells, who was then there on a mission, "I want to see all the poorest Saints in London;" and she went with him to call upon them. This is typical of her character; if there are. any poor she will search them out, and minister to them spiritually and temporally. Sister Eliza had her eyes open to take in London, the most famous metropolis of the world, but as we are not writing up a book of travels, but the life of an individual, we will only tell you something of the woman and not what she saw. From London the party went by train to Harwich and thence to Rotterdam. In the letters written by Sister Eliza and others of the party, while on their Palestine tour one may gather correct descriptive ideas of the places that lie along the route over seas and country. The book which contains these is for sale at this office and at the Dcseret.Xew office, and we recommend it as an excellent acquisition to the young people's libraries. After visiting Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Antwerp and Brussels, and admiring the pleasant pictures by the way, the neatness and simple elegance of the country, as well as the grandeur and magnificence of the large cities, visitinteresting the Houses of Parliament in that and spent ing kingdom; they went to Waterloo, a day there investigating and admiring where that momentous battle was fought which is so celebrated in history. Returned to Brussels or, J trtnlr train for Paris. In Paris they called -w&4 upon the American Minister; howeysr. Mt absent, but met his son, becreiary oi tne legaand tion, who was very courteous and affable, one of course they were pleased to meet with of their own country people in a foreign counEliza enjoyed try. In that beautiful city Sister herself very much, visiting all the most celebrated places, and being well posted geographicould appreciate cally and historically, she one not familiar everything so much more than with the subject by reading and study. At Versailles they had the opportunity of visiting the Assembly, and were seated in the gallery of the Diplomatic Corps facing the President and the Speaker. President Thiers received Cabithem in the evening, surrounded by his was net and members of the Assembly. He not at his regret very pleasant, and expressed President George beinV able te converse with American Paris The A Smith in English. comments upon the Register contained some visit of the Mormon party to President Thiers, which were quite amusing, and show clearly bister how little this people are understood, Eliza wrote a "Farewell to Paris" in expressive verse, closing with the following: -- When Joseph first the truth proclaimed He hailed it with delight, continued. li To New Westminister Palace we resort, .. Where the Chief Justice holds his August court; 'Twas then in session and the Exchequer too. shall "Fair, lovely, FarU! What Your future who can tell? see Tonr lofty spires no more I I B&y farewell ! Again and From Paris Ihe party went on tojons abound route for Marseilles. Antiquities en which . a nltips through , they . are always interesting to a th remarked Sister; Eliza's. She has beautiful could forget the LTndraround Marseille, particularly the The of the "beautiful Mediterranean." Turin to vUited Genoa and from so on through of the J was in Milan at the elose mountain home and under tne away from her Slike E fenLd J,. 163 Italia. The Muse could not be silent and she penned a poetic effusion to the old year from that famous old city from which we quote. sunny skies-- of far-fame- d Good bye Old Year! we both are moving on You to the cloister of the mighty past, To join it to the future yet unborn; land of Palestine, I to the Which ha6 a hi6tory of the past, that bears, With a momentous and eternal weight Of destiny to ail of human kind, Upon the future, which the passing years With hurried tread ere long will introduce With bold magnificent developments J ! far-fame- d Sister Eliza seems to have been in quite a poetical vein at Florence and writes in poetry of her villa - dotted hills, and rich gemmed name parapets of the river Arno, the very suggests poetry. She closes with, -The crown of peace is on your head Its wreath around yuur brow; The royal carpet newly bpread Adorns your threshold now. From Flornce the travelers went to Pisa from thence to Rome. Traveling suited Sister Eliza both in body and mind she thoroughly enjoyed it all. To be Continued. 1 ' AN ALTAR BY THE WAY. Here and there in the Bible we find the he builded an simple touching record; "And altar." The words are full of meaning, help, was comfort, blessing, promise the place sacred not only to the builde,r but to all that delivcame that way. Walled up with signal erance from, trouble, covered with the incense of prayer,it stood a proof of some human heart s trust in Divine power; and ruthless must have been the hand that could have torn it down. So it seems to us who from afar have watched the long weary march of the heroic band of men and women who believe in the of equal rights of all the sons and daughters -here . armarehr of' years, ioinino their ranks: here and there listening to the parting words of those called from all earthly pilgrimages, men the i long riovnfr .in,'mnf. nfltfPi-- lnainer flight Or the "for ye are all one," until a score and a half of years had brought them to the time and the place of a memorial altar. One whose heart and step were light when the march began, whose voice ever rang its whoso lullatrust, clearest note for liberty, but most loving bies and home whisperings were this of sister elder and tender, the faithful had folded her hands, patient waiting band, burand laid down to rest; had laid down her den, and left her blessing When those who' had known and loved lier where the laws gathered in the beautiful. city ot of our country are. made, gathered to speak her unfailing faith, her devotion, and womanly sweetness. And from the altar of love, face wreathed with flowers, smiled the.imaged tears, of Lucretia Mott, while amid prayeGodarto Thee she loved, "Nearer my sacred rose from tremulous lips,making forever her, this to all women who shall come after Work. "altar by the way." Woinen at promise the-hym- n On Wednesday, ;March ICth, the Judiciarya Y Committee of the Assembly (N. Woman Suffrage bill; March SufSenate passed a Woman s School not required. .: frage Bill. Registration Journal Tiie English Woman's Suffrage of the speakers upon the coming election in the Isle of Man reler tcrwomen and their interests in their speeches, inwith the election will be looked for .the franchise, terest by all women who value who believe m the I indeed by all people of woman. political emancipation 17th-Om-ne- . m cticut 