WOMAI VKJ JLJ-ZJl.- . YJ.N JLjLn 1L J o The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1881. Vol. 10. ..... It was MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTTS. I look'd far back Into other year, and Io! array, I saw, a- - iu a dream, the form of ages It was a stately convent, with its old And g. "dens, with their broad, green the footstep falls; And o'er the antique dial stones tho In bright paspcd away. and lofty walls, walks, where soft creeping shadows passed, And all around the noonday sun a drowsy radiance cast-Nsound of busy life was heard, 6ave from the cloister dim, The tinkling of the 6ilver bell, or the sisters' holy hymn. And there fire noble maidens sat, beneath the orchard trees, In that first budding Spring of youth, when all Its prospects please; And little recked they when they saug, or knelt at rea- o per prayers, 1 That Scotland knew no prouder names, held none more dear than theirs; And little even the lovellost thought, before the Virgin's shrine, Of royal blood and high descent, from the ancient Stuart line; Calmly her h& py days flew on, uncounted In their flight, And as they flew, they left behind a long, continuing light. The scene was changed, It was the court the gay court of Bourbon And 'neath a thousand silver lamps a thousand courtiers throng; And proudly kindles Henry's eye, well pleased, I ween to see The land assemble all its wealth of grace and chivalry. Grey Montmoreney, o'er whoso head has passed a storm of years, Strong In himself and children stands, the first among his peers ; And next the Guises, who so well Fame's steepest heights assail'd, And walked Ambition's diamond ridge, where bravest hearts have failed; And higher yet their path shall be, stronger shall wax their might, For before them, Montmorency's star shall pale its waning light; Here Louis, Prince of Conde, wears bis all unconquered sword, With great Colignl by his side each name a household word; And here walks she of Medici, that proud Italian line, The mother of a race of kings, the haughty Catherine; The forms that follow In her train a sunshine glorious make A milky way of stars that grace a comet's glittering wake. But fairer far than all the rest who bask on Fortune's tide, Effulgent in the light of youth, is she, the e new-mad- bride. The homage of a thousand hearts, the fond, deep love of , one, The hopes that dance around a life whose charms are but begun; They lighten np her chestnut eye, they mantle o'er her cheek, They sparkle on her open brow, and speak. high-sou- l joy be- The scene was changed, it was a barque that.siowly held its way, And o'er Its lea the coast of ftance in the light of eve. ning lay ; And on its deck a lady sat, who gazed with tearful eyes Upon the fast receding hills that dim and distant rise. No marvel that the lady wept, there was no land on earth &e loved like that dear land, although she owed it not .... hex birth; . her mother's land, the land of childhood and of friends; It was tho land where she had found for all her griefs amends; Tho land where her dead husband slept, the land whore she had known The tranquil convent's hushed repose, and the splendors of a throne. No marvel that the lady wept, it was the land of France Tho chosen home of chivalry, tho garden of romance. The past was bright, like those dear hills so far behind her barque The future, like the gathering night, was ominous and dark. One gaze again, one long, last gaze, "Adieu, fair France," cried she; The breeze come forth, she is alone on the unconscious sea. The scene was changed. It was an eve of raw and surly mood, And in a turret chamber high of ancient Holyrood . Sat Mary, listening to the mln, and sighing with the winds, That seemed to suit the stormy state of men's uncertain minds. The touch of care had blanched her check, her smile was sadder now, The weight of royalty had pressed too heavy on her brow; And traitors to her council came, and rebels to the field The Stuart sceptre well the sway'd, but the sword she could not wield. She thought of blighted hopes and dreams of youth's brief day, And summoned Eizzio with his lute, and bade the minstrel play The songs she loved in early years, the songs of gay Na- varre The songs, perchance, that erst were sung by gallant CbaU-lur- ; They half beguiled her of her cares, and soothed her into smiles, And won her thoughts from bigot zeal and fierce do- meetic broils. But hark! tho tramp of armed men, tho Douglas battle-cry- ; . They come, they come, and lo ! the scowl of Ruthven's hollow eye; And swords are drawn, and daggers gleam, and tears and words are vain The ruffian's steel is in his heart, tho faithful Rizzio's slain. Then Mary Stuart brushed aside the tears that trickling fell: for my father's arm," she cried ; " my woman's heart, farewell ! " The scene was changed. It was a lake with one small, lonely Tsle; And there, within the prison walls of its baronial pile, Stern men stood menacing their Queen, till she should stoop to sign The traitorous scroll that snatched the crown from her ancestral line, captive said, "were I but "My lords, my lords,"-th- " Now No. 12 i. She heard their shouts, she read success In every flashing eye. The tumult of the strife begins, It roars, it dies away; And Mary's troops and banners now, and court lerv where are they ? Scattered and strewn and flying far, defenceless and undone 0 God! to think what she has lost, and think what guilt has won. Away, away! thy gallant steed must act no Faggard " , part, Yet vain thy speed, for thou dost bear the arrow In thine heart. The scene was changed. Beside the block a sullen' beadsman stood, And gleamed the broad axe In his hand, that soon must. drip with blood. With slow and steady step there came a ladj through1 the hall, And breathless silence chained tho lipa and touched of all; Rich were the sable robes she wore, her white veil round? her fell, And from her neck there hung the cross, the cross she the-heart- s loved so well. 1 knew that queenly form again,, though blighted was its bloom ; I saw that grief had decked it out, an offering for tho tomb; I knew the eye, though faint its light, that once so brightly shone, I knew the voice, though feeble now, that thrilled with every tone ; I knew the ringlets, almost grey, once threads of living, gold; I knew that bounding grace of step, that symmetry of mould. Even now 1 see her far away, in that calm convent aisle, 1 hear her chant her vesper hymn, I mark her holy smile; Even now I see her bursting forth upon her bridal morn, A new star In the firmament, to light and glory born. Alas ! the change ahc placed her foot upon a trlplo throne, And on the scaffold now she stands, beside the block, alone ; The little dog that licks her hands, tho'last of all the crowd Who sunned themselves beneath her glance and round her footseps bowed. Her neck la bared, the blow is struck, the soul has passed" away; The bright, the beautiful is now a bleeding piece of clay. The dog la moaning piteously, and, as It gurgles o'er, to-- , Laps the warm blood that trickling fell, unheeded, the floor ; The blood of beauty, wealth and power, the heart-blooof a queen, The noblist of the Stuart race, the fairest earth hat scen Lapped by a dog! Go, think of It In silence and alone,. d: And weigh against a grain of sand the iple'&on. of throne. Skx,xctid. JXl e once more free, With ten good knights on yonder shore to aid my cause and me, That parchment I would scatter wide to every wind that blows, more reign a Stuart Queen oe'r my remorseless once And foes.".. A red spot burned upon her cheek, streamed her rich tresses down; She wrote the words, she stood erect a Queen without a crown. or Tho scene was changed. A royal host a royal bann V . bore, . And the faithful of the J and stood round theli smiling Queen once more ; march- She stayed her steed upon a hill, she saw them " - 1 ' : ";. I''ing by, ..: , .),-.:- ; Woman, in Turkey. is marriageble at the age-o- f I The.. Turkish woman nine years, and; law, at that age, if married; she is and dispose competent to manage her property ' "of her fortune. The law allows of one-thirhe to abandon her husband's house for a just cause, and will protect her in so doing. She cannot be compelled to labor for the support of her husband. On the contrary, he is comoffence is pelled to support her; and it apenal her. Should he not furto insult or nish her with funds, she is authorized to borrow in his name and even sell his property. After control of marriage she has the absolute toucL. V tier own property, which hp cannot sh by-Turki- d ill-tre- at : 