I. I The Bights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY Vol. 9. OUR HOPES ARE IN THEE. A. BONG IN THE NIGHT. night, ,and the tempest Is fearful; The landscape ia covered with winter's own pall; h,' ia it tbe earth, that bo blooming and cheerful, la the spring, in the summer, enlivened us all? ' b, yes, 'tiii the same, though bereft of its brightness Though the darkness hath jealously covered its face Tel the son in the morniug shall smile on its whiteness, And spring shall restore to it beauty and grace. And lo! in the clouds is a star brightly gleaming, Its ray through the darknes is cheering to see; Look upward for light! is its infinite seeming- -It tells us, O Father, our hopes are in Thee ! So Ions lA long is the night, Lord, vouchsafe me this, only, E'en the spirit of song, as to David of old; "My soul is cast down, 'tis disquieted,'! surely So Thou wilt not this blessing, this comfort withhold; For the gloom of adversity gathers around me, And Thou art my star, shining forth through the cloud; If I seek not thy Spirit, Thy peace, to surround me, The blackness of night doth my being enshroud. Tut a song in my mouth, let me 6ing of Thy glory, Of Thy mercy, that many may comforted be; behold, mine own pathway 'twill brighten before me, And thus I shall know I'm accepted of Thee. 'Tib even that I truly desire Thee, I am patiently waiting Thy kindness to prove, "Tib the living, O Lord, 'tis the living must praise Thee, The dead cannot sing of Thy mercyand love !" Thy light in the darkness my spirit would see, And thus would I sing that our hopes are in Thee! And to-nig- ht I doubt Thee, my Father? h, no; but the spirit Of man is depressed, by the body so frail; Oft, while Hope is exultant, lo! Darkness is present, And because of our weakness, Despair W0ld prevail; But 'en "as a Father, his children doth pity," Thou dost amply allow for mortality's cares; Thou seest Thy children in hamlet or city, And nearest in kindness their wants and their prayers, Though each soul's but a speck on life's limitless ocean, A drop in humanity's measureless tide; Yet Thou knowest our thoughts, yea, our every emotion, And all who will seek Thee can make Thee their guide. Great Father! Thy bounty unbounded must be, And because of Thy mercies, our hopes are In Thee- Do And oh! what is man, that Thou thus should'st regard us? Oh, what are we, Lord, that Thou even should'st To hear our petitions, to guide ub, to guard us, In deign To aoothe us ia sorrow, to help us in pain? the dust, at Thy feet, will I even adore Thee, My Father, my Father! "the Guide of my youth!" Though I stumble and stray, yet Thou still dost restore me, . Dost give me to drink from the fountains of Truth; Oh, give it me always, whate'er Thou withholdest, Vouchsafe me "the Bread and the Waters of Life." the strength of Thine arm still support and enfold By And calm we shall be in a tempest The soul Thou Bustainest to fear is a of strife; stranger; Death he can face, on the land and the soa. Thou art watchful to shield us in darkness and danger, When Thou knowest, O Father, our hopes arc in Thee! Tea, what, tho'tho honest are grieved in their spirit? what, tho' the trusting are tried from their youth? Ah! what, tho' It seems they are born to inherit Misfortune? Twill yet be their triumph in truth. Though e'en the affections we purely have cherished Are crushed, like the roses whoso breath we distill, An the hopes we have fostered, that yet they might Ah! Ah! .. I' . .; flourish, Fride bids ns uprootj by! an effort of will; Though 4the billows'! encompass. us fleroer by far Thau e'er eeemed the ocean whea lashed into foain , Sfcdl we passively drift to the "gulf of despair?" 15, 1881. Or think that tho Lord has forgotten his own? Necessity urges man's bravest endeavor, As strengthened by sorrow should sympathy e; Though buffeted sorely, we know they are never Forsaken, Father, whose hopes are in Thee.' 'ALdSiuia's thunders, OtLord, Thou didst tell us Thy children should worship and serve Thee alone; Because of Thine honor, Thou even art jealous The gods we would cling to are surely o'erthrown. Oh, "cease ye from man," in our ears it is ringing, "Whose breath is as naught," who must fallible be; Our soul's, in thy providence, Lord, Thou art bringing, To worship Thee only, to lean but on Thee. Adversity's storms all the waakness discloses Of the structures that mortals uprear on the sand; And foolish is he who his whole trust rcposeB In man, for the tempest he cannot withstand; Thou art teaching usFather, tho' mighty men be, Thou art mightier still, that our hopes are in Thee! While we "render to Cesar" his due, need we e'er Kneel down to a mortal in place of our God? 'Tis oppression, or piide, that presumes or will dare To humble his fellow, e'en down to the sod. Power, invested in man, will at times breed abuses, And the triumph of Darkness these help to complete; For Satan is BubtJe, and glad of excuses To eusuare us, to try us, "to sift us as wheat." Though, even as children, we stoop for salvation, And are "buried with Christ" all our sins to efface, Yet, as "righteousness surely exalteth a nation," Truth" must uplift us, it cannot debxse. To all, thus obedient, Qod giveth His Spirit, And who shall its light or their conscience defy? Though thu actions of mortals Borne censure should merit, To blacken the truth is it honest to try? Nay, bold as a lion for right and for justice, .1 Enduring as dauntless Truth's lovers must be; Give u$ strength to be true. Lord, with wisdom entrust us, While "offences must come," let our hopes bo in Thee! Ob, happy are all who confide in Thy promise, Oh, wealthy are all who are blessed by Thy love; Though "riches take wings," though they fly away from us, doth sufficient Yet Thy grace for our comfort prove. What if Penury even, Misfortune's twin brother, Hath frozen and blighted our prospects so fair? What if Circumstance strips us almost of a cover, And all things around us are gloomy and bare? Though nothing we see for the fruits of our labor, Nor e'en will our troubles dissolve like the snow, Though "the poor are most surely apart from their neighbor," And 'tis even presumptuous the lofty to know; dwellThough the winds of Adversity sweep round our ing, Nor vast is the structure to weather the shock; eed Though the floods of affliction ltro rising, are swelling-NKock?" on "the we fear, If our house is npreared our to lists plea, While the ear of Omnipotence in Thee! are our infinite hopes Father, While, "The ' So long is tho night, yet my spirit rejoices, A star still Is glowing, still sparkling for me. Shine out, all ye stare ! By your numberless voices Proclaim that most mighty your Maker must be. Shine out, gentle moon, e'en like purified saduess, Like sorrow subdued, that is sweeter than mirth; Shine out, heer the night with your mellowy gladness, And whisper, the Lord is the Judge of the earth. The sun, in his gorgeous effulgence and splendor, We expect not, we pray not, at midnight to sec; will render, All good In its season "the Just One" be. we'll To trust in IHs purpose contented will vanish, We can wait, for we know that the darkness The curtain of night will be shortly uprolled; will banish, "The king of the day" every shadow Will gladden tho earth as with glorified gold." we shall see, The dawn we shall welcome, the day Thee. ; In arc For. merciful Father, our hopes Ewnr Hill WooDMiJiSM. S. I- - City. No. 18, NOTES AND NEWS. In the Medical and Surgical Reporter, a weekly journal, published in Philadelphia, Pa. we find the folio wing notice of Utah Ter. from a report made by our rising woman physician Dr. R. B. Pratt. Proceedings of the A lumno) Association of the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania. This unpretending volume cannot fail to be read with interest. It is one of the first which owes its origin to the female physicians of this community as a body--s- o far as we know Dr. actually the first. Romania B. Pratt sends a very instructive medical report on Utah Territory. Of the diseases of that Territory she writes:" "As I scan the table of death, the monthly mortuary of Salt Lake City, for 1879, 1 observe the deadly footprints of the epidemic of diphtheria. The total number of deaths from this disease in 1879 was 156,the greater number under ten years of age. I find the next greater fatality in acute lung diseases pneumonia 50, bronchitis, 5. It is said that this region of country is peculiarity favorable to the recovery of patients suffering from phthisis pulmonalis, if destruction of lung tissue is not too far advanced. I will mention the fact interesting on account of its negativeness the record of one death from syphilis. I have not met with a case yet in my practice." The National Woman's Suffrage Association held their thirteenth Annual Convention in Lincoln Hall, Washington, D. C. on Tuesday and Wednesday Jan. 18th and 19th. Elizabeth Cady Stanton presiding. Upon the platform r, were Susan B. Anthony, Dr. Clemence S. Phoebe Cousins, Dr. Caroline B. Winslow, Dr. Susan B. Edson, Marilla M. Ricker, Misses Julia and Rachel Foster and several n celebrity. The other ladies of morning hour on Tuesday opened with memorial services' in commemoration of Lucretia Mott, her picture (a large crayon portrait) the stage. resting upon an easel in the centre of It was draped with dark crimson and above it was a white dove with extended wings a beautiful' vine of smilax trailing gracefully irom his beak, below the picture was a sheaf of wheat tied with pale blue ribbon, a floral lyre stood near. In honor to Mrs. Mott the audience joined in silent impressive invocation. Mrs Stanton then delivered in an eloquent and touching manner a graceful and happy tribute to the memory of that estimable lady. Then followed a solo by Miss Blanche Washington, after the singing Robert Purvis was called upon to present the floral harp to Edward M. Davis of Lucretia Mott as her representaShort tive, who made a happy response. followed members speeches from several of the suband the session closed with the grand and lime hymn "Nearer my God to Thee." Of thft work of subsequent sessions we will in the next issue. give some details Lo-zie- well-know- sou-inrla- w British Parliament reassembled Thursday and listened to the Earl .Beacons-fiel- d Queen's speech. In the evening made a long speech in the House of A Lords, condemning the goverment policy. on the Queens protracted debate was had f speech in me xiouse measures. its for stone urging Foreign The mv, -- 