W 0 M AN 'S 'The Fair at Farmington last which had been anticiyear surpassed anything will be much larger as pated, but we expect this the children have already had pome few lessons in getting up bazars in their respective wards. be a grand affair. OBITUARY. Died in Centerville, April 16, 1831, Mrs. Rebecca Chandler Ford. Deceased was born in Great Grand, Huntingtonshire, England, Dec. was the daughter of Elizabeth and William Chandler. June 23, i834, was united in marriage to John Ford. In 1850 she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and In 1354 emigrated with her husband and family to Salt Lake City, where she passed througli various scenes of privation and trial, but was ever firm and steadfast in her faith. She came to CentervllJe in 1855, and has resided here ever since. Sister Ford had eleven children, seven of whom are living, three daughters and four sons. She leaves quite a posterity upon the earth, seven grandchildren. She children and twenty-eigh- t was an affectionate wife and an exemplary mother; her loss is keenly felt. Her sickness lasted twenty-fou- r days and her sufferings were great, all of which she bore with patience. She frequently spoke of death, but always with calmness and resignation. Sister Ford was in the best sense of the won! a woman of God. Her life has been faithfully devoted to the advancement of his kingdom and doing good to her brethren and sisters. Her fai th in the princiher ples she had espoused was unbounded, and fondest hope and desire was that her children shoulJ ever revere, sustain, uphold and advocate Mormonism. She was of a gentle disposition, and great faith. Was a member of the Relief of the Centerville, ,,.Ward; has always Society v 23, 1814, 2k. - nur. ' iahi rt t t iwuo acuve, euerijewu, cou of every duty pertaining to the relief of the poor and the needy, the orphan and the fatherless. She has lived and died the life of a true Latter-daSaint, and has passed away in glorious hope of a part in the first resurrection. She has Joined the hosts of friends behind the with vail who are looking forward to a waa t Deen y re-uni- on She will be deeply mourned and acquainby her posterity and many friends chertances, and her memory will be proudly ished by those who knew her many virtues, her life. loving disposition and honorable those who remain. " Vain are the trophies wealth can give Her memory needs no sculptured art; She's left a name, her virtues live Like shining tablets on the heart." Kate M. Chase. 1, 1881, Died, at Hyde Park, Cache Ce., April of William and Susie Mary Elizabeth', daughter 27 days. Hawks, aged 1 year and our dear one, Ob, how sad to part with and sweet, little Mary, so gentle In all her sufferings bo patient, So loving, angelic and raoek. M. L. W. ON MARRIAGE. to the I have long wished' towrite something Alyoung readers of the Woman's Exponent. and may though I am a Jong way from you, i MiifA, tn irrpet vou in your meets i i VtBva -on nrdent desire ings, or your noma, to talk a little to you, and give you some advice .vnftrtmi s. esnecially in referia - r, race -i v. filming era uuw c - in tne marriage, wuiwi a wife life of the'young, and much depends upon a there fc choice, a nnfcn pf irrpw, nd where 10 s EXP OK EN T . 189 need of trust and strength to guide. I would say to my young brothers and sisters, with the experience of forty years I have never known one happy marriage that was contracted in opposition to parents (that were parents in the true sense of the term). No doubt there have been rare instances where parents have wished, nay commanded their children to marry persons when their only motive was money, or aggrandizement, but such cases are exceptional indeed. Let me say some thing more to you, be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers, for it is not right in the sight ofyour Father in Heaven. , Oh,that I had the voice of an angel,that would penetrate to every ear and every heart of the young people of the world," and more especially those in Zion, born heirs to the Holy Priesthood. Never marry against your parents wishes and sanction; If you do, you will live to heave the regretful sigh and to lament in bitterness your disobedience. Remember what I tell you is truth. Jfou want first to seek God and his favor,then you will be led to do right and guided securely in all things. I will tell you some of my experience. When I first heard the Gospel I was thirteen years of age; young, innocent and ambitious I believed it. Do you think I embraced it? No, I did not; my pride forbade me to give up the honors and popularity of the world, and follow that despised people called "Mormons." Do then that I you suppose I would acknowledge believed "Mormonism?" No. But I have lived to heave the regretful sigh, to repent in dust and ashes my pride. What is my pnnishment now, think you? It Is to look back upon a lost life, and to repeat over and over again the saddest "words that e'er were said, "It might have been." withWould to God you could realize it as I do, out the terrible experience! and sisters, live the My dear young brothers cial also in the way of awaking the sisters of the Relief Societies to a sense of their duties as Mothers In Israel and helpmeets to man In his great work of saving souls. Our children will long remember the kind words of Sisters Eliza and Zina, and we all hope to meet them soon again. Louisa C. 8pencer, Pres't R. 8. Hannah C. Hoyt, Sec'y. AMANDA SMITH. CONTINUED. "After disposing of the dead the best that we could, we commended their bodies to God and felt that He would takecare of them, and of those whose lives were spared. I had plenty to do to take care of my little orphaned children, and could not stop to think or dwell upon the awful occurrence. My poor, wounded wy demanded constant care, and for three months I never left him for a moment night or day. The next day after the massacre, the mob came, back and told us we must leave the State, or they would kill us all. It was cold weather; they had taken away Our horses and robbed us of our battle clothing; the men who hadInsurvived the of the other parts were wounded; our people similar persecutions, State were passing through and we knew not what to do. kill me and my chil"I told them they might sent to us messages dren in welcome. They not leave the did we from time to time, that a breakfast or make State they would come and little to prayer meetus." We sisters used have the power of faith: ings, and we had mightythe of the sick healing God was manifested in must we us stop told and wounded. The mob kill would these meetings, if we did hot they were We quiet every man, woman and child. own out We one. got trouble not did any and w all but wood, we did our own milling, Would tapttj allow not our efforts to be at peace, they arus to remain In the State of Missouri. I ranged everything, fixed upof my poor, wounded day February and on the boy, r mv j-lAnrnv r towards tne. vu wiinoui any muuej, State of Illinois; I drove my ownv..-.-team and slept --( out or doors. J nau iuui bu lf For our reffgtonf In M tigue; and for what? i:v. forth, denv ,itt wnt ; tjoasiea ianuj vi uuriy some of the names your faith, or die. I recollect of bloodof the men who took part in this scene brothers shed and slaughter. There were two Ashnamed Com stock, VVm. Mann, Benlamiu the name or ley, Robert White, and one byand cut an aged Itoeers, who took an old scythe brother, who had been a revolutionary soldier, all to pieces." government to "I leave it to this honorable decide what my damages are. - " " ana son im. the power of only death-f- or I verily believe him-striof all th Sufd God preserved life hat my pocket of my sufleaings can never hundredth InwonS but there is One above Who Imowsall things,and into whose hands I commit ... when you are will never be sorry, or regret it Latter-da- y Gospel is true, old I know that the will be and if you receive and retain it, you You will be saved in the Celestial kingdom. If you would but happy here and hearken unto the commandment, obey your for that is well pleasing parents in all things, will never reunto your Father in Heaven, you the life to come, I begret it in this life nor in seech you, in the name of Jesus, as one who has to hearksuffered from the folly of disobedience, I want your en unto what I have written. that I may yet be permit, prayers in my behalf, I am here in the ted to gather with the Silnts. who are full of preju- nidst unbelievers, those are dice and all manner of lies even I never have an opportunity of is a great an Elder. The Exponent rmfort and blessing to me. My mother and If are the States. work in this section of the -- d relatives are all opposed to us, here-afte- r. circus s-"-- Jl. .U8J hlnts ed As for myself, I been personally ac- In God thnnigh it all. I had ORDERVILLE. THE SISTERS AT D. Young, ac F R 8 Smith and Zina of St. George, bl u,v Sister Minerva .Snow 16th of 'comv on the 2l8t; during which three meetings, organized Orf;e rj Primary Aesociai encoura ging hi structive and lnr renes In Qu ncy, m., " i whlcli brought me In l,eariiie the fame tTwl tupp!J m"ni nme us my d'S-tau- wWch lhey niZV,eUmg our chfldren more completely means Their vi under our control. Mleln ed to the people. WearetmlJ.J. fJ wheTthey came H a glorious, Si of foithnd In hoe nad unshaken confidence Truth. Feb-visil- the mob whatthey intendI'askedoneof unon onr camp: he awered 'intended to kill everything that hjeathed. I Sit the loss of my husband cjtiwo ioiced that he died a martyr instead of having apostatized. resurreo-Uo- " is strong. Yours truly, $L pped Otolites vet our faith . ffi Am-fa- S" MiWn' W" ,BK'U' ' 