WOM AN 1 THE LITTLE WHITE-HAIRE- The first act of President Garfield, after his inaugura- tion, was to sft I ate with a kiss the dear and renerable mother to whom he owed so much: With sadden praise, a mighty voice Sweeps all the continent; iiel plees, before the people's choice, food supply was limited. the statesman's wills hare bent; A patient "littlo white-haire- other, mother.'' d The day has come the hoar draws near; Look on, the listening land: Who bi ings this roler, peer with peer ? Who stays him, hand In hand ? Ilonored by him above all other, mother." brings his "little white-haireThe glittering embassies of kings Are standing in their state Their tributes rank as lesser things. They and their kingdoms wait; While, reverently, before all other, The roler greets his "white-haire- d mother.' Ah, states may grow, And men may gaio, And power and riches swilt increase. The brunt of every country's strain, Its fight for parity and peace, Comes through its husbands, daughters, brothers, mothers." At last on patient "white-haire- d He d Philadelphia Friends' Intelligencer, May 21, 1881, THE MOTHER OF PRESIDENT GARFIELD. selected. Her maiden name was Eliza Ballou. She is a descendant of Maturin Ballou, a Huguenot, of France, who was driven from his country imon the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes. He joined the colony of Roger Williams, and He built a meeting-plac. settled in America, at Cumberland, Rhode Island, which Is still carefully preset ved as a relic of the past, and is known as the Elder "Ballou Meeting-housAt the time it was built there was no no nails, and few tools in the country. Its galleries and pews, and even its floors, were hewn out of the solid logs, and put together e e. saw-mill- s, with wooden pegs. Abraham Garfield and Eliza Ballou from the State of New York, and were married in 1821. They hud gone in 1830 to OraDge, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, where a year later their son James was born,being their fourth child. Their was built when the heavy forest was but partly cleared away, the fences were not yet made about the fields, when the father, in. fighting a forest fire that threatened the destruction of their home, overheated himself,. was suddenly chilled, and in a few days died. His last words to his wife, as he looked upon his children, were: "I have planted four saplings in this forest, I must now leave them to your care." A happier family never dwelt in a palace than had been in that cabin hom Little James was but eighteen months old when his father diedtoo young to 'understand the irreparable loss, or feel the pangs of grief that well-nig- h crushed other hearts. The neighbors came only four or five in a radius often miles and wept with the widow and fatherless. With their assistance the lifeless form was enclosed in a rough coffin, and buried in a corner of the wheatneld near by no sermon, no prayer, except the silent, prayers that went up from aching hearts. Winter was approaching. Could human experience be more dreary than a woman left a widow, alone with her rhilrlren 4n a wilderness swept by wintry storms? The hpwi of the wolves and the cry of the" panthers never sounded so terrible as during those long desolate winter nights. It Beemeto the weary ones that spring wonld never come again. But ! ! both-emigrate- d log-hou- se . EXPONENT. at. last it did come, and swept away the snow and ice. The dead things of the field and forest returned to life, save only the dead in the corner of the wheatfield, and hope was not revived in the cahin, There was no" money in the house, there was a debt on the farm, and the D MOTHER. It honors first, before S Then Eliza Garfield sought the advice of a neighbor, who had been kind to her in time of trouble. He advised her to sell the farm, pay off the debt, and return to her friends,believing it to be impossible for her to support herself and children there. Her reply wa3 characteristic "I can never throw myself and children upon the charity of friends. So long as I have health I believe my heavenly Father will bless these two hands, and make them able to support my children. My dear husband made this heme at the sacrifice of his life, and every log in this cabin is sacred to me now. It seems to me a holy trust that I must preserve as faithfully as I would guard his grave' Her neighbor left her, and she went to the Friend who never fails,and asked God to make the way of duty clear to her. And when she came from her place of prayer she felt that new light and strength had teen given to her. She called her eldest son,Themas to her and, though he was only a child ten years old, she laid the whole case before him. With the resolute courage of his race, he gladly promised he would plow and sow, cut wood, and milk the cows, if she would only keep the farm. "So this brave mother and son commenced their work. She sold part of the farm and paid every dollar of debt. Thomas, procuring a horse, plowed and sowed and planted. The mother with her own hand? split the rails and completed the fencing. But the harvest was still far awav, and corn was running low. The mother carefully measured her precious grain, counted the days to the reaping time,and finding it would be exhausted long before that time at their present rate of consumption, she resolved to live on two meals a day herself that her children might not suffer. Then as the little store rapidly disappeared, she ate but a single meal herself, from her children, concealing her until the blessed harvest brought relief. That year it was very abundant, and the wolf of hunger never came so near their door again. Still there were many years of hardship and l, in which the brave woman had to be father and mother, teacher and preacher to . her children. She was the wise and tender friend, guiding them in the right way, and inspiring them to choose the best things in life. She still lives to see her great reward, and "her children rise up, and call her blessed." self-deni- al self-denia- I INTERESTING ITEMS. A few weeks ago, a gentleman in the city bought and sent to a lady friend, "Wild FlowThe lady and her relatives ers of Deseret." are friends, through long years, of President Garfield and his family. Her father is a minister of the church to which President Garfield belongs. Here is the lady's reply, and it has more than a personal interest. 1 send this, which the gentleman copied from sent me Ygur Friend. 59 true that the Mormons had no part in the Cen- tennial? I hope you have one of these books, and will read with me at the fourth verse: I "Bat we the outcaat belrt," etc. thought of those exiles fleeing from before Kirt-lanpersecution at Nauvoo, and earlier from As I crossed the so near my home. country on the iron tramway, in many places I could see the emigrant trail. At Salt Lake, looked toward the city ,37 miles away. Thought Said of course much all the live long way. no woman could escape from that place if she wanted to ever so much; but now the iron horse is ready, harnessed aud bridled. She can go rf The faith born of persecution, she wants to. and perils, such as the early privations pioneer Mormon women endured is a thorough faith. I do not wonder that Brig-haYoung is a power to them, but I am becoming what is their belief? in this interested people; begin to strangely think there is some good "in Nazareth yet." If you see the author of this little book, or her husband, tell them I have taken comfort in reading it; that I think it the production of a good, pure mind; that it would be a pleasure for me to take her by the hand as we more onward to the Celestial Land. d, m Mary W. We trust our readers will be pleased to know the little book of poems, "Wild Flowers of Deseret," has found appreciative readers abroad. It certainly has merit, and will yet find its way into many hearts and homes. QUEEN VICTORIA'S CROWN. The following description of Queen Victoria's crown has been furnished by Professor Ten-nanmineralogist to the Queen: The Imperial State Crown of Queen Victoria was made by Messrs. Rundel and Bridge, in (he year 1838, with jewels taken from old crowns, and furnished by command of Her Majesty. It consists of diamonds, pearls, rubies, sapphires, and emeralds, set in silver and gold. It has a crimson velvet cap.with ermine border, and is lined with white silk. Its gross weight is thirty ounces, five pennyweights troy. The lower part of the ermine border, consists of a row of one hundred and twenty-nin- e pearls,and one hunof row band a the the upper part of dred and twelve pearls, between which, in front of the crown, is a large sapphire, partly drilled, purchased for the cfown by King George IV. At the back are the sapphires, three on each side; between them are eight emeralds. Above and below the seven sapphires are fourteen diamonds, and around the eight emeralds one diamonds. Between hundred and twenty-eigh- t the emeralds and the sapphires are sixteen trefoil ornaments, containing one hundred and sixtv diamonds. Above the band are eight besapphires, surrounded by eight diamonds, tween which are eight festoons, consisting of diamonds. In one hundred aud forty-eigh- t in the center of a the front of the crown, and large Maltese cross is the famous ruby said to have been given to Edward, Prince of Wales, son of Edward III. called the Black Prince.- t, Selected. the-origin-al, Dear Friend E. : I have gotten, so in the way of talking with you all in my quiet leiscre,that I come now while F. has her sister.1 You have indeed furnished me a treat in this modest little book of poems. This morning T had time to read "Friend." It is beautiful. Unless you are familiar with the book, you will not know, what gives me pleasure. "Through the Storm" and "iiuthie's Child" are full of sublimity. "FJowers." touch the heart. "Women of Zion" haV a history, for what was that mass meeting called? Is it -- The heart is the only thing that beintr broken. PerAlan Proverb. is better by That which is the truth teaches the doctrine of love to all persons,- but by virtue of that - hate the errcys which the delusions which, fyHnd :Hicm JIhe truth, therefore, U necessarily exclusive of its opposite; aud to propose 'a peace between them simply a disguised inode of proposing to truth suicide, and obtaining for falsehood victory.- Cfladtdne. love it teaches mi?lead and :Uj -- - t 