I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- The Halhd in the hands of (he . Vol. 40. X, Thanksgiving Story Annie Wells Cannon :,. Experiences' Lydia I). Alder About Women - i "!itr(d Sel: ( I'n; ki-- li 11-- Dress roe to bullrage ii iioki Jiuus I - K . T oeiety Keports: irhon Stake Yellowstone Stake si TTTCenTr Sifikr ' : TRANSPLANTED a T,.,:. planted y I'mcer toilet la the Home, the ( , J j ! ; ; 30 30 31' Portland Branch, Oregon....'. ' nit all Stake oi Horn Stake A THANKSGIVING STORY. 25 27 29 30 3d 32 , ! lie ohl-fashinm- lanulioiisc -d lroad halls and hm.r staircases with its its deep casement windows anl jn-a- t fireplaces.-haotui i scene ot inerrnnent and rejoicing all day. The -- rown.snns and daughters with tI,nr V!111'1'" adY iriiiL huiue to jWFi'ike of Hie Thanks-ivjn- ir c)Krr aU(j the' votiHstcrs; at home had sported and roniped'with" iheir ymn- - nephews and nieces, and the 'youths 32 and maidens had entertained their Ivlit. rial: quests with sanies and mtiHc. for this was an.ol'd-J.. 'in Henry Smith, A Tribute 2S : Ji iui Smith, Patriarch J,S fashioned family of many children, as well l iah Women at Chicago 2() a an home, and all had jjath-- ; ditorial . Notes. . . 29 ered for a real ONr.uarv Notes: Thanksgiving Ann Whittle tiine. ( )n such a day the old are ynun-- and 32 Mary Christiana S. Rasmussen the youn are old. and the beaming counte-- , .Mary Pratt Young. . 32 nance hut reflects the loving heart. Father Margaret H. Clark V and mother had welcomed them all. had n (Hi ry hounteou-l- y .November Selected 25 of harvest .atherin. There .'3 had l een the hearty dinner with 'the threat ' .Jill u russet brow r turkey-- , sauces, vegetables, and NOVEMBER. all the usual accompaniments including the :'.nd ueet peace in depth of Autumn woods, steaming plum pudding surrounded with he're grow the ragged ferns and roughened blue dames and the golden.pumpkin pics that moss; he i.aked silent trees have taught ine this,- "no one could make like mother." and after hu toss of beauty is not always loss. that the passing of rosy apples and pans Selected. ot snowy popcorn, until, surfeited with good n things and happy hours, the little ones UPLIFT. to weary. Goodnights were said and to Mrs. Marguerite Marian Blake.) the young families betook themselves to a. in life e'er pause ami think what joys their own firesides. hat blessings .we may gain, It The children.' at home drew- their chairs from duty never shrink to what great eights we may attain? close around the fireside, reserving a central !f he .paths of right pursue, with, earnest .place for father and mother, and settled t"il and faith sublime, down for a quiet hour before the final hymn Ihere task too hard to do, no peak too and prayer were said. "Xow, mother, fora. u ep to climb! story some good story for c aave the power to overcome ourselves us to sleep fin," wa the cry, and mother, t" live in sweetest peace In w. with all at home, where truest joys finding rest and comfort herself in these 'aid never cease. reminiscent hours, narrated the storv of No matter if our mortal our should fail, powers bleed, and ache, heartstrings T.WTF IXiRKTTK. We must hope through trying hours, have iih that God will ne'er forsake. We had been traveling for several days We nave the power to scatter flowers of love in the interest of our society work tAunt kindness on the way, Tanie and I, and one morning we drove1 to a Th adverse winds mavj brine us showers , farm house out on the, southern dccri pain' and sorrow every day, We Mill miles from the railroad terminal. "We may smile and look above, find re- Cfinpense for mortal woe, were both quite tired and very hungry, and Though chastened still we feel the'love of Him from the appearance of the place neither v )se mercies we e'er know. one of us expected much entertainment, fofx Ti: ' ssible to radiate a beam of hope to way the house was a smalh frame and the ward men, boasted hi no particular comfort. Console the" heart most desolate make souls The interior, however, was a surprise, and UP rejoice again, Rejoi.-in faith, that One above e'er maketh all belied the rude and desolate appearance things right and plain, outside. Around The walls, covered with love our waipng bjessing others with our h' pe revives painted burlap, were, shelves filled with, again; choice books ; some beautiful prints, copies However man a mortal poor, or sick, or weak, of the masters, and one rare piece of tapestry 1 nev were suspended 'above the shelves, while on still a helpful word may speak, bring ' a small table by the window were a few eace and sacred bliss; However frail, or small, or young, the babe daintv pieces of china and glass. But. the within your arms may be, surprise of all was the quaint little greatest lt ..still may speak with potest tongue uplift woman who welcomed us within. Neither . humanity; of us could tell you if she was' old or young, gam beyond,' above all power of life's- - most--Vor beautiful, but one thing we were plain nd. supreme desire, v : she was perfectly charm-ublooms a fair exquisite flower,, there,.. both agreed" upon ' Hair wavv and slightly gray, eyes immortal fire,; !!'trns a ' ,TC Jne blessed bright that we still live, when all thought brHit and black as night medium height, ti'is mortal strife' is o'er, , slender. and graceful, she extended-- to greet-: 1N possible 'e'en life to give, and know that It.wl.-.tirmvti with CXMeuuti lion,! '"Hi will all restore. US 'i OIT Ellis R. Shipp. .' v T, ; ; old-fashion- i . ed '.' old-fashion- ed ; . : iv-e- -- 1 he-ga- - i n-- -- old-fashion- -- ttate and the Nation. SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH,' NOVEMBER, 1911 CONTENTS. -- ! tut, ahmtUi he a vumtn.oj ed 1 1 i I stir-roundin- gs . ' .. . 1 . ' . W : No. 4. posure, but not hard as her pioneer life would lead you to tliiWk . and with the grace and decorum of a duchess bade us enter her humble home. After we had taken off our wraps, shaken the dust, of the deerr from our clothing and freshened our toilettes somewhat. e drew our chairs up to ThcJicaterat the end of the room anti entered into a speculation about the early life and history of our hostess while she was absent in another room, preparing a lunch - for us. "Aunt Janie. know slH.'s French." I said impulsively, "and has a history-wortthe telling, let's get it out of her." ;T think she is Swiss, probably a weaver of 'silk, did you notice the tanestrv on Uu plied Aunt Janie. "Some of our early Swiss converts were quite well off. but how thev were ever landed in this deVrt is a mvstcrv. do me. Anyw.tv, he's a channing ohl lady, and mean to make the mos'of tJie hour we stay here by finding otit about thirst-b'ikand this china and glass. Why, tluw-vaselook Venetian, do come nearer and look at them. See how iridescent and thin they are." The subject of our conversation just then entered the room to announce that our dinner was ready. I felt very much embarrassed that she should find me examining her treasures, but with an apology explained that I had been attracted towards the table by the delicate coloring in the glass. She seemed not annoyed but pleased, and said few people who came that way seemed to most appreciate such things, yet they-werprecious to her, for she had brought them from her "ow n dear Italy." We botli laughed to ours'elyes at our stupid guessing; for here she was neither French nor Swiss, but Ital-laI r. " 1 s s ' n. j It seemed almost. unreal, this dainty, deli- cious lunch, served by this quiet, beautiful desolate lady in such an place. We found her more than vv;illiiJo tell her story, in fact she declared it waVa meet sympathetic comfort 'and pleasure-tand interested listeners, for the pioneer life at best is lonely and hard where the occasional visitor is generally a cowboy looking for lost cattle or a drummer with rn's case of samples on his way to the next town the xmiyersation of either one of little interest to a cultivated woman, "Yes' she began with a little sigh, Vit is very strange, our. coming here; but it shows how' the gospel reaches out and finds the true seed. We were the only ones in our village and for miles around who would even listen to the elders and I think the reason-muhave been because we were, of differ- ent origin. My father's. people, you know, were French Huguenots who fled from France at the time of the Thirty Years' war. fled in thenight time' Hust then I nudged AimtAJiinie knowingly, for the guess I had made in the beginning whispering blood tells, vou know; 'even. to.. the third and crossed the border fourth generation into Switzerland and, thVe in an Alpine far from the citof Berne, high in the Oherland. tound a rctuge ano uveu m out-of-the-w- .. st . -- vil-h-ren- ot . 