r'; j.'y p'r "!.'." 8 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... I. ' tiatnely, In vote y vqu.-dl- : a ballot; they .should - wih nitij. n Hrt;tHSf - ea-4in- iucd to be. respon-ililit- sex. .Miss. Olive Conger, one of the successful contestants at the recent bar examination, was admitted to practice recently before trained to a higher, fiiiM' of odnI and civic and who has led a very useful life. His wife. Lady Prassey, is a sister of Lor Es- WOMEN LAWYERS. v and such develops by use, tlu-the Supreme Court of the District of Coshould vote equally with. men. vmvn are the consumers, and the lumbia at a meeting of the court in general cniRiniers need fuller representation in term. 'Miss Conger was admitted inof the other contestants because she jM)litics, they jshould vote equally with desired to leave Washington at once for men. ttecausc women are citizens of a. democracy, Los Angeles. Cal. She will 'take up the which i a uvernmcnt of the people, BY practice of law in that city. Miss Conger is the people and FOR the people, and an employe in the customs divisions in the women are people, they should vote Treasury Department. She became a graduate of the Washington College of Law equally with men. last May. and while at the law school took Th? Organized Rnetnics "of woman's suffirst. prize for work in the. .moot court and frage are the Liquor' IntercK the .Corsecond prize in point of scholarship. She is rupt Corporations and the Corrupt Politicians. a cousin of former Minister to China 7vBecause Woman's chief interest is and of former Senator Conger the ffomc and Women vnHYOTE FOR of .Michigan. Before coming to Washington ' Miss Conger was a clerk in the Iowa State TIIF HOME. The Liquor T raffic breaks up the llrmc by Legislature.. Six more women took the bar examinacausing crime and poverty. Tli? Corrupt Corporations tend to break up tion, all graduates of the Washington Colthe Home by endeavoring to place the lege ofrLaw. Thev will not know their fate wealth of our country in the hands of the until the .fall. " Wromcn are not admitted to the .bar in few. leaving empty the hands of the many. Georgia, Vi.rg.inia and Arkansas, The Corrupt Politicians make possible the business, crimes of the Liquor .Interests" and the Corrupt Corporations. Ex. NOTES. Afib NEWS. ad-van- ce - . . An unusually interesting program, is the National Suffrage Catholic 'women have always .hemselves in church a k! v 'writable work. In these latter days they are gradually coming into greater prominence in "edu- distin-girshe- d cation and. public service. r. v The Cathoilc girlsLhigh. schod dn Philadelphia for the first time was this ve.ir addressed by a woman. Miss Ague Benplier. the Lateare Medallist oflOU of the University of Notre Dame. One of the six graduates from the law dewas a partment of St. John's Toledo'.-Ohio,woman. Tt is reported that the Catholic University of America in Washington. D. C. is to become in a. measure.-Coursehave been arranged for nuns. Tt is expected that in the next few years the work will grow and that the university will make a soecinl point of educating women for orders. Sisters from Detroit, Mich., have entered the university for the summer, and itis exnected thev will oass the next two years there working for hc 'degree of P. A. Announcement is made that Sister- Antonio Mercedes., of St. Xaviers Convent, Bcatty. Pa. has received .the degree of doctor of letters' from Card mil Gibbon. She is the first American-nuto; win sur-- a distinction. Sister Antonio, who is of Snanish descent, belongs to the Sisters of Mercv. Eor manv years she has written articles on religion under the pen name of P eve rend - - Richard W. Alexander. The "Catholic Women's Suffrage Society," an efficient and active organization, marched in the great suffrage procession in London. A pamphlet which this society takes pride in circulating is entittetl "'The Views of Cardinal Moran and the Late Car dinal Vaughan on Woman Suffrage." Woman s Journal; , ' ; Kew York newspapers report that the annual election at Larchmont-onTthe-Soun- d brought out many societv women; who. voted for the various officers and at the same time' assisted in carrying the appropriation of 25.000 for flie new. village sidewalks. The Woman Suffrage Association of the Districtof Columbia.' having learned of the introduction of the Bristow hill, conferring the right of the ballot on men of the District, has adopted resolutions calling for its amendment so as to include women, as well - , Kv..- Oct. vention which meets 10 to 25. PROGRESSIVE CATHOLICS. con- ' ' Trinity Church' of Seattle, Wash., known as very "high church' 'and conservative, at its recent annual. church meeting elected a woman as alternate delegate to the Diocesan v - - , Council soon to be held in Tacoma. The woman is Mrs. Rowe, wife, of Rev. P. T. j j ! ' ' Rowe, the famous Bishop of Alaska. Rev. II. If.. Cowen is pastor of Trinity. In presiding, over the meeting he ruled that women are eligible, though, as far as is known, this is the first time one has been chosen in the Episcopal church. Mr. Gowcn expressed a: willingness to make Airs. Rowe's election a test case. Hop. Andrew Fisher, Premier of the Commonwealth of Australia, when inler-- ! view ed in Ixndon a fewr days ago, said "Mow any man of advanced views can fail to see the justice of the claim the women are working for the power to vote on the same terms as men I cannot understand. The only logical position that women can take is, to demand equal rights with men. I am surprised that every labor man cannot ee that. The participation of wome1!! in public affairs in Australia hjis proved a benefit. to the Commonwealtlv and to the. women. It has been an unqualified success," . The thirteenth annual commencement of Cornell University Medieal College was held June 14. The graduating class, eight of the members of which were young women The first .honors were numbered fifty-fivcarried off by Miss Dudley, of Brooklyn ; second honors went to Miss Dean, of Mine- 'ol.--i ; wdiile two other young women were on the hoiior,roll.i)f Jen. President Schurman delivered the address,. and, referring to the progress that women, are making in the world, he said: "Women everywhere are giving a splendid .account of theriselves. Two women have carried off the highest honors here today. Everywhere it is the same. The women stand exceptionally high in their classes.". ! The. address delivered hv Mrs. Cafrie . at tire opening of the Sixth Congress of the International Woman Suf-ra- gc 'Alliance in Stockholm, is translated into the languages of all the civilized' distribution.-Fundlands and given a world-wid- e to defray the expenses involved were voted by acclamation. Airs. Catt was reelected president of the Alliance. Chapman-Cat- t to-b- e s , - SCHOOL OF NURSING '. r arid OBSTETRICS Dr. Margaret C. Roberts ...... ' Dr. Margaret C. Roberts Will commence her Dispatches from Sweden state that the International Suffrage convention at Stock- - school in nursing, Monday, September 25, 1911. Course continues eight months. Class in Obholm accorded a warm Avelcome to Rev stetrics will start October 9, 1911. (Those Anna Howard Shaw, president of the Nawho study Obstetrics are required to attend tional American Suffrage Association the the Nurse Class. No extra charge.) wdidle assemhlage; rising at her entrance; Though every young woman may. not wish The Swedish papers speak' highly of 'Dr. to be a nurse, yet to know herself is an imi Shaw's eloquence at a service in the State portant matter to every woman, Church.- where she occupied the .S25.0U Terms for Nursing.."... pulpit, the ih.-ur uuiiuiu ; 50.00 receive tnis nonor. Terms for Obstetrics,., . -- - i -- . .. -- .x Lord Prassey, at the age of seventv-fivApproximate cost of text books from $5.00 to. $8.00. has become a convert to the suffrage cause! PLEASE GIVE AS WIDE CIRCULATION uiui m.s accessiQn to the ranks is one of AS POSSIBLE OPPORTUNIFOR considerable importance, for Lord Brassev TIES FOR WOMEN.THESE Write to Dr.' M: C. Roberts for further inis a peer who commands universal respect, : formation. ho has always enjoyed a reputation for 79. C: St., Salt Lake City. uuno. cx)mmon sense and ' - - " Bell Phone 2002. ; e, . . , . devel-headedne- ss ' e. as men. as its beneficiaries. s : - . . 