32 many years past .quite helpless, She bore lur, Lord the that felt prepared, .in travels childhood, affliction with great patience and gentleness ,i early the Church. She sjoke of her it. for live if we only spirit and fully appreciated the tender care' of Switzerland, Germany, France, the us for our work iier loving' children. Sister Whittle was' born, Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. Mauds of ihe sea. from north to smith, and 111., April 1st, 1839, came i, Counselor R. C. May. at Springfield; Stake all in voice her Benediction, raided had She in' 1848, and has c.cr west. to her. east Utah with 'parents been a faithful and consistent- Latter-daof these in defense of the gospel of Jesus -- over ' Saint. Afternoon- session.rzs presided hrist. She advised mothersjo teach fbeir the . Christiana S. Rasmussen. by President Mary L. Welch. After children honor and respect for the priest-C. usual opening exercises, President Wm. hood,, and spoke at some length on Christiana Sorensen Rasmussen, secretary She also spoke of the resurPartridge spoke for a few moments. of the Refief Society of Lyman, Utah, died n Retta Porter read an essay on, "Benevorection and baptism for the dead. the 29th of August. A song was given by a group of little lence." Sister Rasmussen was one of those faithful, Miss Hatch. unselfish women, whose loss will long be grrat-J- v' Vocal solo. Pattie girls from Maescr, accompanied by felt, for she was full of kindness and uto-t'ioSister McLelland spoke, saying she was v Meda Carpenter. to all around her. She was a most unStake President ..Don 15. Colton .spoke of verv much pleased with the possibilities for tiring and efficient laborer in the Relief Sothe firmness of cjiilflren's views as to the our young folks in this country. She ciety, was a member of the ward choir and in from women the lives of young" men and a worker in the Sunday School. Sister Kavgospel when they have been taught one of those devoted Saints wh the cities to those in the country, and on the nu:scn was childhood. He urged the sisters to Ixr comhand-car- t across the plains to join her a pushed the farm, and told of the missionary work bepanions, to their children, to teach them Latter-dafate with the faints,' and tli i:kii the in Lord the done-iChrist, Lake faith Jesus Salt and young City gospel ing only seventeen years old when she canic t that wickedness home. of the also in the She these valleys, was rich in testimony .and faith. ;dso unity spoke girls. sisZara Miss She was a loving and tender wife and mother A recitation was given by is going on and felt that Relief Society a widow at an age proved Colton. ters should reach out a helping hand and and when left'.of character in early manner in the her Miss Edna May Davis spoke on obedience aid all those they could. She "related her whichstrength she reared her family of three boys to a and urged all to do their duty. missionary experiences and visit to Nauvoo, true and honest manhood. The 'memory of her faithfulness and integMrs. Mary II. Stringham encouraged she saw- the house of the Prophet Joseph rity are an inspiration and comfort to her lam- every one present to live up to what we Smith and many other prominent places. iiyhave" heard, and asked the mothers to see Sister Beatie spoke in regards to our li--Mary-Pratt Young. that their children have proper books, that braries which President Emmeline B. Wells they may get their lessons for the different wished each association to have. When the spirit of Mary Pratt Young anPresident Mary L. Welch gave notice of swered the final organizations in the Church. She thanked summons, one of Zion's choicthe sisters of Vernal First and Second ward a Relief Society meeting to le held at CoW-leest daughters was called hoiiie. A- woman of rare qualities of heart and mind for their hospitality. anl President Nancy Monday the 21st, and wished to thank whose very presence was an inspiration and A. Colton thanked all for their attendance. all those who had helped to make this conwhose words were always full of comfort, and After a song by Sisters Mina Pack and ference a success. bespoke the thoughtful mind, Sister Mary I'athera Young, accompanied by Miss Oral Benediction by Relief Society Stake bore life's trials gently and bravely and .reWilson, Mrs. Annie K. Ilartlett in behalf of Counselor, Sarah Partridge. joiced in all the good things that came to her or hers. There could not be a more tender the Stake Board thanked the visiting sis.Libhie Snell, mother, sister, friend or neighbor, and those ters from Salt Lake City fortheir presence, Acting Secretary. who knew her best loved her most. When the and the benediction was given by Elder Granite Stake Relief Society was organized SisColton. T). Sterling ter Young was made first counselor to Sister PiiV.r.E A. Merkley, Emma Woodruff; and filled that position with HOUSEHOLD HINTS. not to be excelled. an earnestness Secretary. well-pr- o and some are own words we Woodruff's To quote Sister Following timely IUG HORN STAKE. can say, "There is nothing too good to be said ven recipes: of her and we shall sadly miss her in our 1 Civ ui n 3 a her es ' : Minutes of, Relief Society Conference of cups work, and in our lives." "cups" berries', Parof Yountr Mnrv Pratt daughter the lig Horn Stake of ion. held at Byron sugar, cup boiling Water, cover and boil and possessed wife P. anil his 'Pratt Uey Mary, nicemeeting house, August 20, 1911. President ten minutes ; this is not strained ; jells both the intellectual attainments and refineMary L. Welch presiding; meeting opened ly, and keeps the bright color. ment of manner so characteristic of her par1911. at 10 a. m., with usual exercises. Pie. Two cups ents. She died October 25th, for Filling Squash "Minutes 'of forenoon session of our last of squash, one cup milk, y cup sugar, y2 Margaret H. Clark. conference were read and accepted. As it ful ful salt, cinnamon, teaspoon was Sunday, President Mary L. Welch felt teaspoon Sister Margaret H. Clark, president of the ful a little ginger, teaspoon nutmeg and to thank the Bishop for the use of the meetPanguitchAVard Relief Society, departed this 2 eggs. This quantity makes 'two pies. life May 20, 1911. Sister Clark was the daughing house. Reports of the different associter of James and Margaret Houston, and was ations were given. Millie Egan gave a Decorations In place of flowers, which ) born Dec. 1, 1855 in Salt Lake City, Utah. .Beatie selection. Phebe Sisters in winter time .are expensive and hard to" "Aunt Maggie," as she was lovingly called, Young piano and Sarah McLelland of the General Board obtain, a basket" of fruit with ivy leaves was an exceptionally fine woman. As a wile were introduced, and spoke a follows : entwined makes a pretty and inexpensive and mother she could scarcely be excelled, being of a sweet, lovable disposition, firm and Sister Beatie was pleased to see so many table decoration. steadfast in adhering, to principle, and a womfelt in women our work at Society, young an of great faith. Her home was ever a Cake. chocolate Mahogany cup comfort, we should aim to have our young busy, also and y2 cup milk boiled together, y2 clean, beautiful place of rest and found a grated where friends and strangers alike spoke of the duties of the teachers of the cup of butter, y2 2 Clark cups sugar, cups flour, welcome. She was the wife of Riley & Society, said they were the backbone, en3 eggs, y2 cup sweet milk, Mevel teaspoon-fu- l who preceded her to the other side. They had couraged us to be cheerful and learn to of spda, 1 teaspoon fxil vanilla. .Bake .30 eleven children, seven of whom survive them. look pleasant, especially around the sick, reSister Clark has held many positions ot minutes in moderate oven trust and honor. She "was the first president lated a circumstance in her own life, felt of the Y. L. M. I.. A. of Panguitch Ward, and English- Plum Pudding. 1 lb. brown that Relief Society sisters should be united later, a Stake officer in the Mutual.' She acted and love one another, should be charitable, sugar, I' ll), suet, 1 lb. bread crumbs, 1 lb. as a counselor in the Relief Society for many lb. raisins, care for our kind and lb. and lemcitron arid currants, but a few young patient, 'years, and had acted as president ' on peel, y2 oz. each mace, cinnamon and months when called away by death; but durgirls, both ours and our neighbors'. She also i" 1 nutmeg, 9 eggs (beat the yolks ing those Jew months she wasandsuccessful spoke in regard to nurse' work, she thought allspice. made a great work our young girls ought to be taught in this and whites separately), 1 cup milk, enough accomplishing will he She which will be lasting. ' ' Hour to make a, nice stiff batter. Boil in greatly missed by those with whom she was course. Sister McLelland stated that this was the mould or bag from eight to ten hours the associated. The" following beautiful words, written by six- houi s the largest audience she had met in the Society first day, and f our-4c-h day of Sister Emmeline B. Wells, .apply most aptly ... for several months. She related instances using.. . v to our beloved president: of some of our outside friends in' regards A saintly face and a great mother-hear- t, to the Book of Mormon, also said that our OBITUARY NOTES. ; So rich in grace and charity thoti art. missionary boys felt to encourage the moth-er- s Mary Ann Whittle. That evermore our reverence shall be U Richmond on the 5th of June, death called A to aid them in their work, f elated a v loving tribute to thy memory. ' Sister Ann .Alary little folks of to the .one Whittle, the dear stpry L. Sargent. showing what a faithful women of the Maria 7 Tfclirch. Sister Whittle mother's influence has over the children in was a Maria L. Hey wood, great sufferer from rheumatism and f6r . Minnie B. Gardner , - y C self-destructi- on. . n ' com-oare- d ' .... fr n - t y - - y, - -, of-effo- rt . . 1 was-th- e y .. y . y 1 ' ' , - ?. . " ; 