w Aw ,,, .,.-.- - ,,M.,AK 1 W in the hands of the Women of Hah should 40. Vol. PONENT yiVlANS W be a Voicer to letter the .1 loa the State and the Nation: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, HOLIDAY NUMBER, 1911 No. 5. CONTENTS. Loved Her We- - AH A Quest. II. wonder if he doth repent the wrtug. I wonder if that sneering ape ah! hush! 'Tis Christmas night the hour grows late, I must look out: 'My fate Is there in the rising wind. I hear My fire-li- t pane the cold drifts brush. Fresh, down the lonely mountain, deer trails Show dimly through light scint'ling snow veils. I. Ah, thou art safe; my snow shoes could not Above yon rythmic hills' d beds roud wearers of the ermine lift their heads; Above, below, each way the same-Pic- ture on picture fills in v window A picture new to make I need but pane. move, And need not move to lock forth on a world of love. L. Lula Greene Richards .....Amanda M. Done snow-quilte- 34 35 Opportunity . C'ara Barton is 90 37 A Pioneer Woman Passed Away.. 38 Ai.'.ithcr Ward President Passes CUi..... 38 Ti;t Business of Home Making. . .A. W. C. 39 Notes About Women 40 and News 34, 35 Household Hints 38 S. Reports K Benson Stake 40 Xi-tc- ' - -- Liberty Stake 40 Oneida Stake A 40 Christmas Thoughts Literary Notes Mine Mountfort in Pasadena ,. Obituary Metnoriam In B'try: December . A Christmas x Quest 36 36 36 37 37 37 38 38 ........ A And Always my quest alone I take Irpr her dear sake. (Unlike the Spanish cavalier who sought Perpetual youth and found it not), For Io, in truth I have it found, My impulse quicken'd, my slow step renew'd, I find it in the lark's first song at njorn, And where the restless ancient lake is born Amid the ferns the maidenhair and mosses. Where dripping water moldeth a cool cup For. him who climbs and crosses The divide, or him who seeks To reach the unscal'd peaks And looks into the heavens, And back to nature turns fbr drink. III. have found it 'mong the roots o f the Yea, young cedar, The hemlock, fir, mahogany and ash, That I for my retreat do gather To there transplant, and in the crash Of ancient trees that feed my winter fire. IV. I. It is yondermong the highest sandstone Tocks, So hath withstood the quaking of ages' shocks, For there the vision flieth o'er chain on chain To 'where the Inland Sea frets the white salted plain. - bright, shelter'd 'neath my dizzy mountain porch, Far up the solitary height, Greet yd who light the candles, Christmas I. V. rock-ribbe- d, Night. II. S,v'.cabin'd, marshall'd round with pine and - Agreen ?neath fleecy, drapes of light And E'.-n- Bi;t quaking aspens white-B- are maples bushes bare, 'neath the weight of winter winter's wither'd leaves- no longer wear. bare-limb'- I know it lingers where I gather Grass and moss and all that's fleeting, When the cold comes creepingstealing Berries bright and leaves that wither, But retain some tint, some feeling, Some suggestion of the Harvest, Just a thought, a hope of Summer. d - - in.. F never bold, in truth a coward' I, Though all alone in this wild home Send through my . yi. bearskin coat ' . ; . and rug, red-flesh- ed pane a signal light, Greeting for a prosp'rous New Year, with .Christmas love bedight, A star to. glimmer 'cross the hills, : Alone. A starto' watchers in the hollow. A star no : , lumb'ring foot may follow, For snow on snow hath locked in frost But banished. They could noVshare Each living thing! The Earth itself seems lost. them, My pilgrimage, a danger unto alone of life this I quest So must bear iv. I know they think of me, I wonder do they live, home. old the E'en the wild willow fring'd creek,. If yet they do abide at From where it makes its mountain leap.; But I must tear my thoughts away from there, And dry these, tears 'n vain I seek; madness.. No track zigzags 'tween oaks athwart the steep All else were And odd quaint line of purpling birch, I nius'Pyet abide a few more years,; And e'en the brave snow birds desert their Ere I may seek them who. now wait my comfire-l- it . ; . . .. perch. , Bury them low In a cold grave of snow, For there's aye good luck in a Christmas' white. Then hail Good Luck this Christmas night!! II. Bury so low AH thy sorrow and woe, Bury thy woe where the wild winds mow O'er chilly fields of shivering snow, Tcy, fleecy, shimmering svars 'Neath the palest moonbeams bars, Whirling they go, Swirling aglow, Never to linger, v Forcver to wander, Never to grow E'en in Spring not to grow This day Christmas love only may grow - 1 1 r: Bury so low. All thy trouble and woe; , With the sneers, With the jeers, And all the dark fears Of thy past fleeting years, Of the fast fleeting years; Ay, with the tears, The heartaches, The heartbreaks, The sears, Hiding deep wounds; Make these snow drifts, These cold rifts Their biers. For the North Wind can chill, The Ice King can kill Thy troubles, thy woe, This glad Christmas, I trow". ; find it in my High shoes and cap from mountain lion's hide, Fashioned with wit; I find it in. the fire beside, which jiow I sit And laugh at cold, ' In the pine nuts popping in the, ashes,. While pine burrs from the fire flashes. . venison A haunch of iron the o'er pan, Drips; sizzling, Beside the smoking mug! J I. Bury them low, Greeting. from the Christmas chimes of lofty church, glow- of Christmas candles flick'ring fir, A Christmas Grave. I merry and glad this Christmas tide, Christmas cheer, may it be world-wide- ! F.-- II. wand'rer I, among the wilds Of lonely hills, Selected. A Wish. I. In these snow veils, and fresh snow tra'iK Shroud" ye thy sadnes's. Thy snow shoes give to the Spirit of Gladness, And hope let wing to the peaks its flight But bury thy sorrow and woe tonight! Worship'd among the stones and trees. wonder if he, too, did dream? "That day is best wherein we give A thought to others' sorrows: Forgetting self, we learn to live. And blessings born of kindly deeds Makerolden our tomorrows." Aii-- vear. I 33 35 35 A.CHRISTMAS QUEST. track The young doe from her proud mate tonight. But on the wind a song floats back. Rejoice! lift up thine eyes! Look through the veils into the skie. nature' licrmigc, A Druid, . DECEMBER. He . III. Lo, in centuries far back in Lethe's stream. . ...Alice Merrill Home A Midnight Reverie . . E. B. W. Xever Alone. Mary A. Freeze I, in . In quest of life and its divincst fluid Youth, hath built a temple in "The Graves 33 . reclue For lo these trial The Rose : Notice L. Y. M. I. A History of the I 1 . IV. , - - . . Yes, lay them low, All thine anguish and woe; Forget thou hadst ever a foe; Forget that he ever was faithless; construe The coward as one who was weak, not untrue, But think on the one who has always loved you Aye foster thestruth that is new! . . 'V,: - Bury the. woe, .Thine anguish lay low, of snow; Lay it low, make a head-cros- s white . strow of Icy graves Deck with colors that glow: ' ' With the roseherriesf red,.;.'. Christmas holly-beadspread With green ivy And wreaths of white mistletoe. Kneeling, Sighing " A requiem low, 'O'er the new grave of thy sorrow and woe. From its ashes, thout mortal must grow, And only from ashes can the soul ever grow. , s, " ; , 