WOMAN.'S ;. EXF.UNfcN.iv 50 siiiaiiLc. ana If.'t!rcsiste thendo so, and let the good workrOU rom' t-is no sin for anybody to administer to the sick that has faith, or. if the sick have faitb to be healed,, by the administra- let -I- -- in Christ wascondemned by the rihu As them. them, but they would go to destruction; cous Jews because tie took sinner mto His virtue and goutiyou. increase be society,, he took them upon the principle ness, let your hearts expand, let them be long that they repent Nothing Js so much caenlarged towards others, you must lculated to lead people to forsake sin as to ersuffering and bear with the faults and rors of mankind. How precious the. souls take them by the hand and watch over them of men The Society, is to get instruction with tenderness. The nearer we gt i (o our establishHeavenly Eather, the more we are disposed through the order which God. has the medium of those ap-- '' to look with compassion on perishing ouls. ed,-through I say to this Society if you would have God. pointed to lead; and I now turn the key to to have mercy on you,have mercy on each you in the name of God, and this Society. other. How mild the Savior dealt with' shall rejoice and knowledge and mtelli-"Peter, 'sayiiig; "When thou art converted gence shall flow down from this time, this strengthen thy brethren." At another time. is the beginning of better days for you. When you go home never give a cross He said to him, "Lovest thou me? Feed mv word, but let kindness, charity and love sheep." The Society is not only to relieve crown your works. Do not envy sinners, the poor but to save souls." Sixteenth meeting, held in the Grove exercise mercy towards them. Let your administrations be" confined Aug. 31st,. 1842. After relating recent diffmostly to those around you. As . far as iculties President Joseph Smith had'encoun-tere- d while being hunted by his ' enemies, knowledge is concerned it may extend to he said, the Relief Society has taken an all .the world. But your administrations should be confined to the circle of your active part in my welfare in petitioning the Governor jn my behalf. These measures acquaintance, and more especially the mem-lK?of the Society. Those ordained to were necessary and your influence- helped to lead the Society are authorized to appoint bring about my redemption from the bands of my enemies. I have come here 'to bless officers as the circumstances shall require. If any have a matter to reveal,, let it be iirto u.ii- - in,- mitt .pi iii- vii. i iiv. in your own tongue, do not indulge much ciples are to practice holiness. God loves in the gift of tongues, or the devil will take you and your prayers shall avaij much, do not cease to let them ascend to God in my advantage. You may speak in tongues for your combehalf. The enemy will never get weary. fort. But I lay this down as a rule, that if I expect He will array everything against me. expect a. tremendous warfare. He that anything is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not to be received for doctrine. will have will war the Qiristmn President Smith then gave instruction" Satan and all the powers of darkness conrespecting women administering to the sick tinually arrayed against him. A few things had been manifested to him by the laying on of hands, said it was ac- -' cording to revelation, he never was placed during his absence, respecting baptism for in similar circumstances, and never had the dead, which he would communicate next Sabbath if nothing should occur to pregiven the same instruction. At the ninth, meeting May 26th, the vent it. He then offered a fervent prayer to Prophet read the I4th chapter of Ezekiel, God in behalf of the Society. After the and said, the Lord declared by that prophet transaction of some business in the adjustthat the people should each onejstand for ment of which President Smith offered themselves and depend on no man or men; counsel he then said he had one more rein the state of corruption' in the Jewish mark to make respecting baptism for, the Church that righteous persons could only dead which must suffice for the present and deliver their own souls. Applied it to the until he bad tile opportunity to present the present condition of the Church of Latter-da- y subject .at a greater length. Saints, If the people depart from the All persons baptized for. the dead must Lord they must fall, they were depending hnvp n rppnrdor be an . ... nrpQpnt v, tbnf bp mav J on the Prophet, hence-therWas darkness to testify of it. Jt will be necin their minds. essary in the Great Council that these things He had two things to recommend to be testified of. It should be. attended to Be guarded in your speech ; no from this time. If there is any lack it may organized society can exist without giving be at the expense of our friends. This was heed to this caution. All organized bodies the last Relief Society meeting that Presihave their peculiar evils, weaknesses and dent Joseph Smith attended. difficulties, the object is to make those not During the two years administration of so good equal with the good, and ever hold President Emma Smith and her associates, the keys of power which will influence to visiting sisters were appointed to search virtue and goodness. oufThe needy, to find work for the When you chasten and reprove never to receive contributions and to remention it again, then you will be estab-- , port conditions." lished in power, virtue and holiness and The labors of the Society were extendthe wrath of God 'will be turned away. God ed to the four wards of the City. designs to save the people out of their sins.. One thousand two hundred and seventy- Jesus said, "Ye shall do, the works which Y five names were, enrolled as members. 1 ' ' ye have seen me do," these are the grand recorded receipts were $415.24. ' for to act upon. Tenth meeting was addressed by Bishop Whitney, President Joseph Smitb g Love Much. . . present. Eleventh meeting, June llth. President Love much. Earth' has it. enough of bitter in Smith It grieves me that there is Joseph Cast sweets' into its cup whene'er you caii. . no fuller fellowship, if one member sufNo heart so hard but love .at lat may win it, Love is the grand primeval cause of man. fers all feel it ; by union of. feelirig we ob4 - All hate is foreign to the first great plan. tain power with God; Christ said He came Ella Wheeler Wilcox. - - . Reproved those that were disposed' to on the find fault ; spoke at difficulties he had had to surmount ever since the organization of the Church, on nf n;nirinVO men' : said the same as- v v piring disjosition will be in this Society 11 againsi. and must ic guarded ' As he had the opportunity he would instruct theSocicty how to act according to the will of God. Me did not know that he should have many opportunities of teaching them, they were going to be left to themselves, they would not long have him to instruct them, the Church would not have his instruction long and the world would not le troubled with him a great while, according to his prayer God had ap- ; some-lengt- h " ac-rm- mf I 7 . . i. pointed him elsewhere. The congregation was melted to 'tears. He exhorted the sisters to sustain with their confidence, their faith and their prayers, those whom God had appionted to lead. Said the keys arc about to le given to you, that you may be able to detect anything false, as readily as the Elders. If members of the Society Income corruption must deal with them, the sympathies of the Church-hav- e heads induced'them to v bear with those that are corrupt, in consequence of which all become contaminated, of-th- e - yoolmust put dawn iukmty ami by yem" good example provoke the Elders to good -- works. If you do right there is no danger of going too fast, resist evil and there is no danger, neither God, man, angels or devils can condemn those that resist everything that is evil. As well might the devil seek to dethrone Jehovah as that soul that resists everything evil. You are now placed in a' situation where you ' can act according to those sympathies which God has planted in vour bosoms. If you live in accord with your privileges, angels cannot be restrained from being your associates. Women, if they are pure and innocent, can come into the presence of God. If we would come into the presence of God we must be pure. The devil has great power, his ways are deceptive. Do not be contentious, but let the weight of innocence be felt, which is more a millstone hung about the mighty than tr neck. Meekness, love, purity, these are the things that should magnify us. iniquity musi ne purged out, tnenthe vail will be rent, and the blessings of heaven will flow down. After this instruction you will be more responsible, it is: an honor to save yourselves, all are responsible for themselves. He then read the T3th chapter, of Corinthians.- "Though I speak with the tongues of" men," etc. ; said: do not be limited in your views with regard to your neighbors' virtues, do' not think yourselves more rio-frt1 , - " uuicis. ion must vour enlarge souls towards others, if you would do' like Jesus and "carry your fellow creatures to Abraham's bosom: He had .manifested and we must do the same Said; "Though we have the spirit of prophecy," etc, Though one, should become mighty and do great things, overturn ,ll0l1nt?ir. ani then turn to do th.at which . long-sufferi- ng ! . - rs - , wru-far- e f " e eye-wdtne- the-Societ- ss y. , . -- able-bodie- - . key-wor- ds N.-K- the-Societ- y . be-in- . d, 