' . A MIDNIGHT REVERIE. - m I,, j OPPORTUNITy.. hour was. late; I sat alone,' the hush of silence in the air; Abound my room were shadows throw Im brilliant lights, .exceeding 'fair. AjkI. strong emotions filled my soul, A retrospect on which I gaze .ike music's power beyond control. Transfixed I sat as in a maze. jnonmiggivVs - thee t'-ac- ii-- The years flew back, (Paper rcail at recent like the common .s'vinbol of Uic'Xew pure, fresh, joyous, hopeful babe, W illi infinite, possibilities, .unbounded' hoj.es, and countless, opportunities. It is a svmbol of the fact that w ith the Xew Year 'every one is loru aaiu ; the dead is buried'; past and the future with it nilless vista of hope--, is once inore opened to us. The habe is the fitting emblem of the Xew Year and its U-arMlu- I Resounding with thc-ol- d delight. 'I he kettle swinging on the crane; ud yet how far away it seems. STigh bells are ringing in the lane; hear me! hw$vivid are my; dreamt? opportunities. Tor i opportunity that the Xew Year 'symbolizes. It means the immortality of the soul. That soul alone is dead that has no hone of a new and potent opportunity. As the meaniiiir of the second death is a cessation of nroLTess. so the meaning of eternal life is endless op- Iortunity to advance. The death we need to fear is stagnation. The soul can never die that seizes potent time, and makes present opportunity the 'means of unending future 1 heart-string- -- I advancement. know of no poem in the laniruaire more hopeless; more resonant of buried possibil ities and departed hopes, than the oft quoted one by J. J. Ingalls, entitled, "Opportunity." lor the sake oFthe demonstration ot mv point. I will quote it 1 memories beyond recall That chastened me upon my way, Mied with the wormwood and with gall, And yet my faith was bright as day, That lie who notes the sparrow's fall Would not forsake me, though alone; And this I know, He heard my call In supplication at His throne. And what shall be in years to come? 'My muse has never told me yet, Ihit here in Zion there's a home "That's compensation for regret. ) : E. B. V. NEVER ALONE. We are never alone among Saints who arc true. Who've sincerely accepted "the Covenant Xew;" Rt lationship tender and near we can claim Ih cause we have taken upon us Ilisname. Master of human destinies am I. Fame, love and fortune on mv footstens wait. Cities and fields I walk;'! penetrate Deserts and seas remote, and passing by Huvei, and mart, and palace soon or late I knock once at every gate! un(cn It sleeping, wake if feasting, rise before I turn awav. It is the hour of fate. And thev who follow me reach every state Mortals desirer and conquer every foe Save death: but tho-- e whw doubt or hesitate, Condemned to failure, penury and woe. Seek me in vain and uselessly implore I answer not, and return no more. By wavot contrast, and 'or He. our Redeemer, when here upon earth, Once was told slic would see Him who gave to Him birth; wondrously answered Oh, blest be His grace! Words whose comfort and promise time ne'er shall efface:. to jjive further I wish to con ri-- X. . I ' splendor, the beauty ' and worth, . declared that divine kinship which With those who are worthy for "mansions pre- pared." He-thu- i s " " fook up, sister, brother, be glad and rejoice, "r He hath made plain by His own precious voice, " That we are all kindreds-the- n why feel alone, Since we hope soo'n to meet Him and'kneel at '.. hands Though deep in mire, wring not your and weep; ... I lend my arm to all who say, '1 can! Xo shamefaced outcast ever sank so deep .' But yet might rise and be again a man! . Dost thou behold thy lost youth all aghast? reel from righteous retributions blow.". ''Dot past Then turn from blotted archives of thesnow. as white And find the ..future's pages . His throne! - Mary A. Freeze. . : jilidc ; thy feet fo . " f th'e.pxxmi, "At smiri,e every soul i- - '' borngain,' is the emljodiment of hope and real opportunity. strulin individual a new lease of hope and life; ami relegates Rr oblivion the idea that an opportunity missed spells hopelessness and despair.' We live too much in the past. The dead issues of the past have too much of our attention and our life. The thought that goes backward except for momentary, retrospect, to gain a new and more substantial grasp on the future, is a thought wasted, or worse than wasted. The thought that dwells on the present and projects itself into the future, is the thought that is pregnant with great hope and future possibility, that gives birth to deeds of courage and strength .and sublime accomplishment. Our ojportunitie.s are countless and of infinite variety. The giving of a cup of cold water to a little child, is a priceless opportunity; and one that shall in no wise lose its reward. The giving of a hopeful look and a cheering word to one that thirsts for encouragement, is a blessed opportunity that offers itself recurrently every day. The lifting up of, the hopeful, cheerful countenance, to beam on the saddened face of sorrow and bereavement, is one of our precious opportunities. Not the giving alone to those who may return the gift with interest; but the giving of sunshine and greeting and joyousness and hopefulness to the souls that sink in poverty and hide in obscurity, and th pine away for just the visit or the" word-wiwhich more fortunate souls are It jjives to the NOTES AND NEWS. "wom-an-do-not-want-- mother and sisters also are they" chances past away; what more, Wait- not for f precious ... n t t could he say! Weep not tor goiuen ages on uic wane: Fach night I burn tlie records oi tnc uay, At sunrise every soul is born again. ir we "keep His sayings He'll own u's and bless; W'e're His sisters and mothers, we cannot be I like a bov at splendors that have sped. less; ..." To vanished 'joys he blind and' deaf and ' blessed relation to Him, our great King! . dumb; "W ith we'll His with hearts full of gladness its dead praises dead, the seal pas My judgments come. to moment a sing. bind yet But never Srat tar mourner? Rouse thee; from thy : ; spell; be Sins forgiven; may Art thou a sinner? Art thou a re During a recent debate on woman suffrage in Hampton. Iowa, the speaker for the negative, in making the good old argument, asked every woman in the room who would use the vote if she hadf'lX) rise. To his manifest discomfiture,- practically every wbman present instantly sprang to her feet. They do me wrong who say I come no more When once knock and tail to una yon in; For every day I stand outside vour door, And bid you wake, and e to ngnt ano win. i;or the soul's sure contentment to beings of earth . he-fo- demonstration of the thom-hvey, I will quote a poem written in answer to the one just iven. by one of our western writers. Walter M alone. Opportunity is represented' as"sayin. My, No title e'er given Could mean the j "The ballot needs woman more than woman needs the ballot." This was the keynote of the address given by Dr. Roy K. Flannagan, director of sanitary inspection for the Virginia State Hoard of Health, the Eqiiat Suffrage League of Norfolk. Ya.. the other day. 1 He that now doeth my own Father's will, The same is .my brother; the law to fulfill; C. The sublime line - 1 t " ..Heaven. - d hy should such reveries be mine sit musing hy the lire? As s intertwine ' Around my The joys that were my heart's desire. ,i:d looking backward o'er the year-- , Ado.wn the byways of the "'jat. recognize the hopes and fears .With which my life was overcast. .;! '1 climbed the woodland heights. And bathed me i'i the running brook. )I1 Time lias taken rapid flights Since first my name was in his book. Ue. "aclvf'nigljt I was a child, saw my mother's smiling face, And heard her voice in accents mild, And watched her movements full of grace. The children playing round the hearth. The pine knots blazing high and bright, And all the melody of mirth ( - an's Press Club' by Mrs. Anianda M. Done I ( Wetingrdtah'Woin ving5. to 'flee from-- ' ' it" Mrs. Joseph Johnson of London, England, declared that women would not throw thejr whole hearts into Christian service until they were recognized by 'men on a common equality. The Ohio Woman Suffrage Association is soon to opetr.headquartcrs in Columbus, at the Chittenden Hotel. Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery will speak for the Columbus in January. More women's votes were cast in Los Angeles at the recent election than the whole number of votes cast at the Lst presidential election hi the State of .Mississippi. 'Mississippi1 has aljiqut" fi ve' times the population of Los Angeles. suffragists -- . 