ITS' -J VV . k - x 4 . . . - freedom. It was the rntoyiiiciil J'l t lu-ithere, mv grandfather w;i )'"'"!) and. lived. maiden who :7K married a Swi-- - pea-aboa-le- d of wniiiicnui ingenuity' in fine ' k a . laceinaking. now Aunt lank- - turn to mile. was proven cor-,it- . i.rIr fluaii'i we '"'lii laughed at ur different 'i "Jiilv lulnllcd. in inj-s" lv father." Ik- continued, "'a- - he grew with the wi . to manhood u;h not sui-fic- d life, and was M'jed with the 'wanderlust' a and left home while till Hie iennaiis iutii to eek hi- - fortune in another land, a lie ip'ssd the lp into Italy and found i'iedmontc-- e with a ,,ik anions the'" ;uaitlu wutiaa '! he -- oh, w uaF and balmy liaiv omewnai i"in.'ii nis air much impressed with, what the laborer, Pictro, told him, and began to inquire as to 'which road the men had taken, and further as to what, they had aid'; "but the only information he could get wa that they .had gone over the the new r nt I . ?.-- i i : ; I Swi--'gue- -- -- -a ; -- . . -- I rugge-- 'I's)oiM uiie l a!atte am-- e ,ar!s ami ! I a ainl o ton lie oik in the vine great favorite in tne to tue ecame i!. w miorr. especially with the d ignorita wh.'ii) he married when ''..n k hits he was o!iI itee:i car- - old. of the family, the larger d iiven mv lather nart of the uieard and moiliei aini in tlu-i'!"ett' home, huilt on the iojie.of (lie hill, with terrace alter terrace covered with movvheatititul rape mes nut in iront,. and lono paths haded with olive trees and Lreat vuies iiam,rin over the window s and dour-- . there I was born and I'or a moment lie seemed lo-- t m reverie thi- - j.Mcture i)re-nta- itself and in the nleuce e lioth thought of the va-- t differ--(iic- e to thi- - poor woman from the shaded. hili of northern Italy to the hleak-nes- s of this hroad. level desert home, with " aebruMi ami .meuite. rresfiith- sjt. resumed: "'When I was live years old I hail a very traue dream and very real, so real, in fact, that awoke -with a cream and ran down the tair w here :m lather .was jut starting the morning It seemed a though my motn was iire. llooded with a i;reat li.ht and standing at the foot .of my hed were two strange, men. dre--e- d not as we dressed in Italy hut in a fashion peculiar to me. and in their hands each one held a book with a jold cH'er. One of them, a tall. dark, lender man, spoke to hie m thee words: ''To' this house we have brought ;the book nf lite to your father and his household and his ancestors the way i open come!' Now. that I am older, I .think. those were the very words ; of course, a a child I could not repeat them so ; but one thing, I know.they said 'Come;' and I was so startled, and believed the v. had come to carry nie away, that I clung, to my father and would not let him leave tne all that day. In tact for a long time I never went out to play vvith my little friends, and if a stran ger cameto the farm I used to go away in secret a inK pray for protection and conceal rboin. Rut as the myself in years passeo 'this fear left mc. though the remembrance, of the tlrcam never became' even dim in my mincl. of faiiiiiv ( hi- - -- . I -- -- lu-ir- a- es-akh- - r : -- st,j-t'a- wi-ter- -- rai-ed- :" -- ei iue-cla- ;t-- d -- - -- 1 -- .1- ia du ve-r- y hill beyond us toward- - the mountains; 1ietro 4iad thought their actions unusual ss -- My father .was l. -- ' . -- - go-pe- because they had asked him to pray with them, and when he refused. the taller man he thought him Knglih p ke ivitli great feeling and raised his hand in w hich he held a 'book, above him; but though he could not understand the words, the incident made him feel wry 'uneasy, and he could not tlirow- oji" the peculiar feeling', which was whvJie had tukLabout it now, "When my father came in to dinner this to my. mother and me, and to ail three of us at once the thought of the dream is the child's dream.' ex- came back, claimed my mother; and we all knew that something of a different nature" had entered our lives. "That afternoon my father did not return to the vineyard but Saf for 'hour- - mu-in- g - it before the door. Toward (veiling, suddenly resolved, he came to my mother and said must find them:' and turning j) me he said. 'Little Uorette. he not afraid; I will bring them back and we hall see your beautiful bock.' father walked in their "For two days-mwake, never overtaking them .but. learning that two such men had passed the way him and hearing of the words they had left behind. Towards evening of the third day he reached a little chapel high on the mountain side, approached by a ingle path through the forest of trees. Filtering the door he found six or eight people listening to the strange word- - of a tall, straight man and though the language w as foreign, yet the spirit "f what he aid .seemed to hold them almost breathless. When this one had finished another man interpreted his words ill the Sicilian dialect know this is the and then himself said; " i -- bc-for- e" -- as-em-b- led "The result of it w'as that mv my mother, ami myself were baptiV-the- !er, . Church, but my new :r, to come to America. When we w. about reasly to' leave she was lakv'n ;a and our journey was delayed a war that she would recover; but he'li traded consumption, which fmallv ov, .::;e. , her. and we buried her on 'the our cottage. The neighbors-baihVi; MA father crazy to shelter and befra bitelders, and the pious people- refused r in the buried mother churchar: my cause' of our strange belief. We m v bad been Catholics, though my mother's were, and our home had alwavs been ingplace, for any who had. liberal view- "We came to America and to 7 father and I. and we are not sorry, i.i Mill sometimes we miss our beautiful a r. hap- had we not come south where we eTc told it was balmier and more like " .1,1 home we could better have adaptc: selves; but "we planted a beautiful v:in the Santa Clara and made most lent w ine. Jut mv husband is America: not content with a little vineyard; out after big things; so here we re v this lonely place where they tell day big capitalists are coming to dr:. from the earth and thn mavbe I will be enough to go back to Italy. .Switzerbm France all the records ancestors and do for them a great For thi- - I am willing to wait, but waiting is very monotonous." rather surprised the quaint little he this juncture by throwing my arm-he- r 'ia "Just one impulsively, aying !ove!testimonv ot tne lionest m liy this time our team was ready aiai a c had to proceed on our way. dear-mothe- r -- hill-ie- d - - i i ,c- 1 1 ' : . I , - , I la-reac- and-obtai- i I i' -- : . ; -- i truth.' "My father had seated himself at the back, and after the men had finished speak- ing aird the people began to go away, he went up to them and aid: 'I want .you to come lxiek.with mevto lm home.' Me. returned with them that night to a village and paid for their entertainment, and, next dav brought them to our home. On the wav the tall man told him of Joseph Smith and his mission, and bore testimony of the Truth, of the gospel being restored. My father does not know to this day how .it was that he understood it all, for he kwetf. nota Awor.d: of LTnglish nor did his companion': know' any Italian, or even German, my father's native tongue; yet they conversed in perfect understanding of each other.. -- -- I do not know whetiier the oil we:!- - ' T the vineyards yielded the money, but Auut Forette and her father made a long to their native land s"oon afterward- - and vi-- it doubtless- returned with work enough i'1 keep them busy for 'a long time to come. Well, .children, this is only one oi the thousands of stories of how God's ministers are led. to the honest in heart, and how ib, v bring to them the light and truth. 'Mavbe you can guess who the tall, dark man when I tell you he was the one who intno duced the gospel into Italy, was an Apostle of the Lord in these our days, and lived i" be. .the 'resident of the Church of of Latter-da- y Saints in all the world. And now Goodnight and Happy Dreams. A n n i e W ells' C a n x ( x a- Je.-u-Chr- ist -- In view of the increasing interest in the 7 My mother" and myself saw them apbjuestion of Woman Suffrage, the New York. World recently asked a number of pid proaching the house.- and the earnest manner of them all and the lightne- - of their step 'men to give their opinion' on the subject Recaused us to. feel that something of a pleasplies' .wer.e. received from no less than ten niysixtcenth birthday a stranger ap- ant nature awaited us; ;;md we were most governors of states, every one of whom, plied for workWnong the vines aud.during Miappy, for father's long.absence had causetL the proposition, and predicted its uF the day hejold'iny father that on the wav to' us not a little' uneasiness. As son as the timate success: As illustrating the our village he hail had- a singular encoimter even iugip leal was over. my father described held, the reply of Gov. Mann'bf Vir.with two men from a new cbuntrv. One to us his journey and how he felt all the ginia .may be" quoted: "In my opinion, the to him a spoke strange language, then in time impelled to keep on until be found women of Virginia will have equal suffrage ' broken b'rench ; but be understood so little them, never 'unci'' c of turning .back, within ten vears. Evolution of the thinking that thc:mlierv':vho-- Sikiuic. Sicilian dia- and won hi have so continued form of government leads irresistgoing on for lect, undertook to explain tliat thev'had a weeks had. it .been necessary, for he knew ibly to this logical result, and,- however disnew religion, that. the Chri-- t had again apas well they had for him something greater than tasteful it may be to some, peared, and all the peoj)le w ere to.be taught earthlv'treasures. face it. and prepare for, its coming." nay-moth- er's : ia-vor- ed view-thu- . clenio-crati- ' - - we-migh- . t s 