WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4 60 Woman siix ponent " l'ublishSl monthly In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms : one copy one year, $1,00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra tor postage one year; 25 cts.' l Advertising rates: Each square, teu lines of A liberal space one time f'2.50; per month, $3.00. discount to regular advertisers. Extomcnt oflice rooms28 and 2'J, 2nd floor Uishop's Huilding, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from 10 a. tn. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. lif. WELLS, h'nteted at the Post Offic in Salt Jsake City, Lah at second tlass matter. Salt .. La kk City, Utah M akcii, 1911 THE RELIEF SOCIETY. It is rather difficult sometimes to get our sisters who have not yet been initiated, to comprehend the large area the Relief Society covers' in" this and other countries. It has been spoken of so .much as something rather small and. not of much consequence. "O yes," sonic, will snceringly say, "it feeds the hungry and clothes the naked, but when it comes to large and broad scope, where does it stand." Because pcrhajs in the past there has not been suitable headquarters for so magnify cent a, work, it has not appeared., to those unacquainted with its details of much significance. However it may.be viewed by those standing outside, and ,not taking part in any sense, not even to give countenance of those, who have given to the time,- and strength, and energy, to make a success of some really worthy effort' or home enterprise; the idea has become soil of fixed in certain minds "that the Relief Society i almost a 'lost cause." Jt is not true. These good women are not in regard to what' is accomplished, nor what the Society actually stands for. If these sisters would attend the Relief Society meetings in their own ward or locality, they would see how very helpful this Society has been in relieving want in ministering to the sick and distressed, watching night after night 'with patience and fidelity and sometimes almost superhuman courage, by the bedside of the sick or dying. What tales might be told of the faithful and" arduous labors of women in the service of humanity ; to be sure the work is so well systematized now in almost all the wards and branches of the Church, that there need be no. great difficulty in doing .511 that is necessary in any given locality), for the best kind of discipline characterizes the work of those saintly sisters who give of themselves, in all simplicity and meek- ness, and with the utmost fidelity,' the" glad help to suffering humanity. There is no organization in "the world so perfectly systematized in charitable and philanthropic work is the Relief Society of the" Latter-da- y Saints. And besides this of the work, what has been done in phase helpfulness to home enterprises ? Were the estimate made it would be astonishing and seem almost incredible. The actual financiering of the sisters in many places has been little less than marvelous r In ihoChronicIcs published .from time to time, in the Woman's Exponent, one may self-sacrifi- ce - . " - up-to-da- self-sacrifici- . te ng . : . Sj3tet i f ; j Js' in the several Think of theL stakes of Zion, wffiwJgram is or lMS been stored, and wisdom and judgmentNxer- cisctl in the details of,, this one branckof relief work. A Thousands of mulberry trees planted aril cultivated by the women of this grand association, and the. cocoons raised, and. the spinning and weaving ot the same. This industry should be revived again. Although there was in years past an organized Silk Association, and it was for a time very successful, yet it was fostered and encouraged in the commencement and through all the years of its existence by the Relief Society. Sister Zina D. II. Young, who was always one of the principal and active promoters of silk culture was for a number of years president of the Silk Association., and after a Commission was appointed by the State Legislature, she was chairman of the Commission and. was at the same, time General President of the. Relief Society. MV1 nr1-tf1- . i . 1 vw i ( Think of the buildings and parts of houses and halls, and what it hascost in effort and planhineas well as in dollars and cents. VA-- . tW have been successful. non-parie- Salt LakkCitv, Utah. Mfp; tVue;p: t h is nan uas nevci nun iwivi, uui u.n n w but those who have served many years in given localities are aware of what has transpired there; and of the noble women who have quietly engineered enterprises that EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. ' k bu t . .V 1 " as & vt nuni (HC'nnu yithstan(lin.f U.icpubh'ciitiQn which will -- ve her demise a much wider circulation in the community than the Woman's Exponent', we feel.it a' solemn duty to record the dcrdhs-oin the Church, and s onoble cially those who lived in the early day ;ml passed through privation ami hardships, and endured much for the sake of the (iw;el. We are well aware of her modesty and retiring disposition, and yet she had that gu-astrength of character, that enabled her to n dure without" a murmur all exigents' through which the Saints had to pas. in leaving their homes at the time of the exodus, and entering upon a journey into an unknown country, going they knew not whither. Sister Nanny was at that time the wife of Dr. Willard Richards,- one of the Twelve Apostles, and soon after Counselor in the First Presidency. She was married to Dr. Richards in the Nauvoo Temple, Jan. 25. 1846 ,and the children born of that marriage were Alice Ann, Mary Asenath and Stephen Longstroth, Richards. Dr. Willard Richards died March 11. 18p4, and three years after his wife Nanny was married to Apostle Franklin D. Richards, by whom she had three children. Minerva, George Franklin and Frederick William. Mrs. Richards also had charge of her deceased Sister iSarah's three children, making a family ofSiine in all. Mrs. Richards was what might in the best sense of the word be termed a her home was her heaven, and was a most desirable place tu dwell in. Her faith in the Gospel was most sincere, and her integrity to its principles was unquestionable. She has fought the good fight and kept the faith, and leaves a pure and unsullied name to her posterity, and all the daughters of Zion might be proud to follow her. glorious example. Sister Richards was born at Arncliff, Yorkshire, England, April 15, 1828. Her parents were Stephen and Ann Gill Long stroth; she was baptized in March, 1839. making her a number of the Church almost 72 years. Her parents sailed from Liver-polFeb. 5, 1842, landing in New Orleans a week overdue, and took passage up the Mississippi river to St. Louis, where the family remained two years and then moved ' to Nauvoo, 111. Brother and Sister Long-strotcame to the valley with the younger children in Dr. Richards company, in 1848, the same com pany, in which the other members of the family, who were married, came also, They were people of means, thrifty and industrious, and like Mrs. Richards, strong ly attached to home life, and true and faith ful to the Gospel, they had embraced in their native land. There can be no doubt that Sister Nannv' Richards has obtained the rest that remains for those who are true and faithful, and ' has entered, "Into the grand and templed city seen by John in vision bright; Glory floodedneeding neither sun by day V Ui - . home-make- r; There' have been other enterprises and various undertakings of a beneficial nature fostered and nurtured by the Relief Society that have been productive of great good. We recall the straw manufacture business that flourished in Ogden under the auspices of the Relief Society, President Jane S. Richards and her counselors using their utmost endeavors to make it a success, and the business' was "carried. on for a time with excellent results. One might give a long list of these enterprises founded by Relief Society women, one especially that met with signal success in Manti under the able management of Sister Rebecca Ware-haPresident of the Manti Relief Society. There canre a time when the people of Utah' failed to sustain home industries and home, manufacture, but at present there seems to be a prospect of a revival of these "lost arts" and the Relief Society will be a strong force in helping forward such enter-- . prises as will assist in making the people less dependent upon outside articles. The outlook is hopeful at present, and every encouragement consistent with means and circumstances should b& given towards producing and manufacturing home materials and products. We are well aware that the members of the Relief Society in the several localities in this Western land are in favor of sustaining by every; effort possible, the home industries, products and manufactures, for use and for , wear. ' m, o, . ' " - IN MEMO RI AM. . NANNY LONGSTROTH RICHARDS. "So He giveth His beloved sleep." One more of the dearly beloved women o f Zion , and historic, figure in the Church, Sister Nanny Richards, passed away January 7, 1911, after a brief illness. A notice of her death and funeral services was published in the daily papers, and a picture I ' - nor moofl by night." . The suffragists of Berlin are giving "political teas," which 'are attended by members of the Reichstag and prominent politicians, many of whom are said to have became converts Y J tojhe cause. 