I f ;"V ''''' . T T.: JPONENT. U1V11M S v i' V..i. 39. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH, 1911 EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYEE. CONTENTS. v- Hver since the relationship of employer and 58 was first employee established, tin niies- p.59 uuu juis existed ot jrcccl tor iold on the 59 one hand and human life and health and 61 53happiness, on the other. The capitalist lias hecn j)rone; in all es 64 aid in ncarlv all 64 :a-c- s: exact )f time airmch. as po-l- lile 63 and labor from 'InKnrr-thn ...v, IUIUIV.I , llllll lilt VIII- 63 ployee, mindful of Ins own welfare, has 53 60 steadily fought for some time and leisure 60 that he could spend in seeking comfort and 61 happiness outside of his dailv toil. The 61 one extreme is shown in the 57 willingness of 57 to employers get out of their eniployees all 59 that flesh and blood can endure, 59 requiting the service with the most meagre pittance possible. Out of this, extreme side of the question has ar'sen the system of slavery, the sweatshop, and other forms of 'grinding, heart- . .S. A. D. Employer and Employee The Home and the Kindergarten, . . Nellie Women in the Orient.; . .. . . . Ida H. Snow 57 riay by Julia Ward Howe. Relief Society Annual Day Abroad Sketch of' Julia P. Lindsay Relict Society Reports: St. Joseph Stake. - a-- Stake........ Xebo In Memoriam v: '. . .. .Resolutions Notes and News Society............. In Memoriam " The Cross Holly and Easter Lilies'' Lydia D. Alder Nellie Becraft . March. HOTEL UTAH., 0 thou of In splendor architecture superb thou art builded by master minds soul-destroyi- and hands, To accommodate the people of this great i land. Well hast thou chosen thy home unique, slave-driver- , O'erlooking God's temnl " - (Ellis RShipp, M. D.) By Grace Ingles Frost. Borne on The eagle wings of thought ascends The ; .,et soul; . In o'er earth's grovclings ' ' .. flight, . Its hand clasped close in hand of beautedus : iove, With ; rice : t, of-bein- g fur-coate- d, : starved.-expressionles- i-- s " - iOTm, v public-spirite- g, f Lillian Whatcott. THE POET SOUL. ran-cendc-- nt 's self-sacrificin- Worthy to receive humanity, both far and near o'er and o'er. 1 over-emplo- -. -- Who will sing thy praises , ng 1 " . nign Breathes love, truth, and wisdom to all mankind. The' sun in the East, the sun in the West, Illumines thy fair face with its warmth, charm and grace; Paints pictures but one Master paints. Thou art an emblem of this fair state; . k-lieve- ' Editorial Comments .Julia Whatcott Poetry: Hotel Utah The Poet' Soul Grace Ingles Frost. The Tangled Pas society is constituted, increasing numbers of women are being forced yearly into gainful occupations. I that the temptatoo, tion to employ and y wOmennis due to the fact that because' inen have framed social and financial systems, women's services can be secured for a mere pit- - tance and in oast llif tl UMf lilt'.. not dared revolt for fear forced by men's tyranny into a still more terrible form of bondage. To what extent this white industrial slavery is resjxmsible for the white social slavery that is arousing the nations to indignant revolt, we may never know. When the girl comes, out of the shop or the factory in her "unwomanly and comes face rags," to face with the lejcwelled, painted creature ujon whom lovers have showered in fleeting moments the sum of months of working-girl'- s wages; and when she sees how. hard and dark and dreary her breaking,, drudgerv. The own road is, and how easy and apparently bent hack; striped with the marks of the pleasant the other, I do not know that the lash; the pinched, girl alone is responsible if she fall into the face; the unseemly rags: and Jhk-t.nsiilitintist i ... .the j,&vri. the witness to borne so much more for his pleasure than for honthrough the long ages And this of extreme.' est toil. against inhumanity and a arisen has this system there While we may not be able to change at strong one stroke or perhaps in a long time, the ininsistent protest in the writings, utterances, d and labors of dustrial laws governing women's work and this of spirit wages, yet we have a right to demand that philanthropists. Illustrations Hood's as the hours and conditions of her employare found in such productions other the Shirt" and ment shall be such as not to sap the womwritings. "Song-.oread to than an's vitality and leave her unfit to perform Perhaps one can do no better U her natural work in, the 'economy of' the this., strong poem, .filled .witli it world, if the opportunity to do so should indignant pro.ttjst against the wrongs come to her. The true woman is essentially depicts. and especially a builder for the future. Upof need on "her health and vitality may depend the God has made recognition of the and perpetuity of a nation. What is more imrest,, in the institution of the Sabbath, in so constituting, the human body that it portant, there may depend on her tlie ex recistence and happiness and salvation of hudemands periods of rest, relaxation, and man souls. We have no right indeed it is reation. There arises, therefore, this great a crime-t- o exchange this for a few paltry question How far can the employer make the of immediate dollars. demand on the time and the strength n It is a long step from the time, only a employee, without entrenchingt)n this 'right to rest? And this question is century or two ago, when women Were beasts of burden in the streets and of prorendered, all the more intricate and difficult d ; when working-peopl- e pulsion when we take into" consideration tle fact that not alone were forced to do their day's labor, and upon proper periods of rest depend then spend the nights beating the swamps the strength and efficiency of the physical ' and marshes lest the croaking of frogs dis- moral and efficiency mental also but body, and' the welfare of future generations. The turb the sleep of the pampered "nobility ;" to. our own time, when we may begin to human body is sacred. Everf person owes for it as a duty to be healthy and strong, not demand humane hours and living wages leiin behalf of his working men and women, with some only for his own sake, but And if one sure in which they may really live; and not contemporaries and of posterity.. for a mere exhas ho right to break one's own body down: be forced to barter living then istence. And yet that" long step has been or k with taken ; and we may; look forward to the the right to make surely no employer has' breaking of a still greater . light to ilumine demands on. his employlife. The pendulum of the working-girl'- s ees 'Human life and health is the greatest ' de- a toward lias be mdustiahlm not long way swung must it and asset in the world ; in tlie production of, stroyed or wasted even havKwarIritor the hope that it will swing ; -' x ,.'-xany other lorm of wealth. in the direction of her industrial emanci.eThere are many reasons why this to the work of pation There .are philanthropists as specially important as applied and active in her. behalf as. have la- -, g employment for women. All Her real, bored for a worthy cause in any age; and woman is more or less unnatural. their vork.will bear its fruit. A notable r' home. And yet, as modern the in is sphere V.-..- . " The Relief Editorial: .60. 62, . . No. 8. : turned ever toward celestial light. God-give- In rosy clouds The poet soul, .And ; :.s c'eolian of imagery doth dwell Grov.r vibrant harp, with harmony, 'neath a lithesome touch of . under-groun- breeze, In wondrous waves of symphony doth sound Its heart tones their seraphic, melodies, v creation naughr there is despised soul. Iron) nesting bird and d bloom of In-ul- ! I . "vt fair-face- m'mg, : . . . - . . tnto the day full fraught with gloom of wrong, From God to mart, from man to insect, all Have formed the poet's great world-wreat- h . of over-indulgen- over-wor- Los Angeles, Calif., lias regularly apSteb-bipointed as a police officer Miss-Alice health-destroyi- ns Wells, who has lectured widely upon prison conditions and 'criminal laws. Miss Welis' lectures are the result. of herpefsonal investigations, rind her efforts are mainly in .behalf of girls who are first offenders, her keep them from contact with hardened criminals and to start them on the aim bemg-t- o right-roa- d. : V v - - ce, ng " . - t de-Vot- ed money-makin- -- -- X-- , 