' IN MEMORY T' l;t 4 ii.Y.-- - rftr'4. OF DEAR AUNT MAY. !cr-- : ;Va.ry Magdalene Swindle,, daughter John Witzig and Dorotha Gossoure, and the eldest h of Tour children, born May 29. 1843 in the httlc town of Horgen, Switzerland, in hum-- ! de circumstances, being ' brought up u the tuinistups incidental to plain country life. As the soul grows stronger through-hardships and truth conquers by opposition, this environment developed lor her a. strong character .and laid a foundation through the guidance of providence for the great mission that was dawning upon her: Her course in life was not the llowerv path made easy by protecting hand, hut rather inspired to read in the things of God the word ,.lai: pushing a handcart all the way. l.!ct brother, who had preceded the fam- v ' I tali, by name Robert A. Bain, met them lt' ('.ran River and brought them on to Lebi, j;lc!; ;'.rt home in. the valleys. j)t r Aunt May married my father, Hon. R Murdock, a year later, and she had I,,' ,',!K 't'e son, who died at its birth, soon after f.ur :vnily moved to rieaver, whither my father n;t ....lad to preside by President Young, .in 1864. Father, my mother, Aunt May " ."Mar r -- l,M,l e e iuui uiucsi twmiicu am. icu uur tiiome oi ?tand our kindred, .with, heavy hearts, mother and Aunt May lived in the same i.ir twenty-on- e years, mother being an all this time. I have read of friend- hit- ,.nxng men and "women, have seen fam- vc and respect each other, but I can !n:!y say I never icnew.such perfect trust, such V'(ju:i:ie regard and unselfish devotion between two women, as Vis that exemplified and lived in niy father's home. A; t May has been our only mother for thirty tliee years, my own dear mother havAunt May was not only a ing died in 1877. benefactor to our immediate family circle, but to a'l the other branches and homes, to the iv.vx men and women of the neighborhood, and the "strangers within the gates.' All who met cr came under her influence, ielt her her largeness of heart. Many eminent and distinguished guests have stayed at my !at!.tr' home, in the early days of our Territory, and Aunt May was largely the dispenser fits hospitality and comfort. Colonel Thomas I. Caine, the governors, judges, military officers of Utah, also the Presidents and Apostles i ;t Church and their families have often partaken of her kindly service. nr,t May was a woman of strong traits of character, broad mind, and well informed bcjim a keen observer and a great reader, all her life. She was the confidant, counselor and nurse, the true and faithful friend of our whole and grandchildren. faintly, children My ' Grandfather Murdock, my mother, Aunt May", own mother, and her youngest brother were all nursed, and taken care of by her until they went to their long home, also, every child of the family who treceded her. Umil two years ago she resided in the old family home at Beaver, with my youngest she went brother, except several times,.-whe- n t the Manti and Logan Temples to do work for the dead. Two years last September she i: moved to her .youngest sister s home, she a widow and desiring to have her near. She was tenderly cared for by her until her demise :is stated. Aunt May left two sisters, Mr- - Jane S Coleman of Manti, Sanpete County. Mrs. Btsy S. Goodwin of Beaver City, many nephews and nieces, besides my father and his whole family, and many friends over this and adjacent states, who will love and revtre her memory. Dear Aunt "May's funeral was held in the Beaver Tabernacle, on the 6th of October. The speakers were old tried friends. ; Her Bishop and teachersboth testified of her integ rity and faith in' the Gospel. The flowers were beautiful" and abundant,' thesinging eloquent and comforting, the prayers "hopeful and inwere .twoof my The spiring. brothers,' and their sons, two of my ister's sons and two of her nephews. My eldest brother "driving the hearse. We all knqV that one of God's noblest daughters has been Called home and our second mother. Heaven grant 'c may live worthy to meet onrfat other beauMay Ar.: ' ; i - ! -- mag-ncti-- -- be-in- pall-beare- rs f tiful shore. " . JULIA P. Salt Lake City, Oct. M. - . 18, 191 1. A. i was-UDo- purpose. At the age of 21 years she became the wife of John Diggleman, three children came to thern through this marriage. Marv M.. Lvdia. and John Herman, later a separation came and she was thrown upon her own resources; with the children, and under extreme difficulty sent her two youngest children, Lydia, of five years, and John Herman, of four, in advance to America with Mormon Elders, and in 1S71 she. with her eldest chijd, came Co America and joined once again her beloved children. Only those who have gone through this experience can appreciate these trying circumstances. On March 4. 1872, she became the plural wife of George Swindle. There were born unto them from this marriage four children, Annie, Heber, Joseph and Ellen. After twelve years of married life, George Swindle died, and she wa left again a widow to rely upon her own resources. In 1884 she was called upon again to leave her children and go to Salt Lake and take a She completed this course in obstetrics. course and was recommended by her instructors competent to take up that line of work. The balance of her life, until worn out by exwas spent in assistposure and ing humanity and relieving them of pain.' Her labors were mostly in the southern part of Sevier County. Sister Swindle being very, particular to keep a record of the children brought through her assistance, which shows the splendid number of 800 children. Sister Swindle was throughout her life a very zealous worker in her religion and especially in the Relief Society work. She died May 27, 1911. Funeral services were conducted May 29, 1911, when a vast audience came to pay their last respects and followed her remains to their last resting place. Sister Swindle was a very able secretary in the Monroe Ward Relief Society twenty-fou- r comyears. The minute books are creditable pliments, of her faithful works. the secretaryShe was called and set apart to Board Relief Society Stake Sevier ship in the filled she. office up to twelve years ago, which the time of her demise with great accuracy over-exertio- - 1 sent to the bereaved family. M. A. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. 15 Stake President Julia A. Richards, presid- ing. The visitors of the, general bord were Sisters Garissa S. Williams and Romania B. Penrose of Salt Lake City. There were also present members of the stake presidency, high councilmcn, bishops of wards and other brethren. Members of the Relief Society Stake Board present. ; The forenoon was devoted to hearing reports of the different wards, and listening to the interesting addresses made by the visiting sisters. Morgan Miller of, ?Pen rose Ward rendered a fine solo. During the noon hour the Garland sisters served excellent refreshments to all ; ;. present. " v : Tut CACItV ov;vivi;. w If rpsn , ;. - . Afternoon session. Sxsttxs Williams and Penrose delivered splendid addresses. Remarks were made by Stake President Milton H: Welling. Bishop J; M.-- Stokes and Elder J. P. Giristenson. c ts vj The conference was of especial'lnterest . - . That whde we, the Relief Society Board members of Sevier Stake U-e- d. ; :- o ' . - con fefence of the Hear River Stake Relief Society convened in the Garland Tlall, Wednesday, June 14, 191 1, at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. StaKe Labor Throughout all these years of once a year visited each Society has been although many times (twenty societies in ; all), roads and inconvenithrough storms on bad ' in and poor health. But ences of travel through fortitude and great determination these duties have been accomplished and great blessings realized. as, The sisters of the board who have been love sociated with her for so many years in sterher .loyal friendship and and unity-kno. ling worth. inWe shall miss her wise counsel and the life fluence of her humble, sweet yet forceful that Her going leaves a vacancy m our hearts hand in her will not be filled until we clasp .. . ; the home on high. We pause" to. say that the virtues so comdismendable in our dear sister should be themem- of every true tinguishing characteristics Oei Ur UUI EAR RIVER STAKE. A well attended and extremely interesting- and skill. t TILL, MAMIE SIMMONS. . . celebration of the victory will be held at Hall in Boston, Monday evening. California songs will be sung and suffrage pictures shown. Prominent local 'officials, ' will deliver addresses. ; ' To the memory of Sister Inger J. Johnson, from the members of the Sixth Ward Relief Society, Trov'o City. Sister Johnson was horn in LotervHtdmarke, : Xorway, March 14th, 1844; was baptized Aug. 7th, 1862, by Brother Jens Peterson. When a grrl she had a severe illness and her body was reduced to a comparative shadow, but by faith was miraculously healed by the power of God, being the first member in the Church in her native place to receive the ad-- " ministration of the Elders. Wherein her parents wondered, she then bore her testimony to them and prophesied they would join the true Church of Christ. She came to Utah with her parents and brothers and sisters in October,- 1864, and entered the sacred order of marriage with the R. Johnson, November 11th, late Bishop J. 1865, by whom she had nine children, seven of whom survive hert as also her aged mother in her ninety'fifth year, and other kinsfolk. She joined the Relief Society when first organized in Provo, and officiated as a teacher and counselor up to her demise, which occurred July 5th, 1911. She was a woman of a most exemplary character, earnest and faithful to a marked degree and always carried a mild, sweet influence which endeared her to all. Whereas, We feel to exemplify her life, in which we recognized a choice spirit, and ever hold her virtues in loving remembrance. Resolved, That these resolutions be placed on the record of our Relief Society and a copy n, . FARNSWORTH, TRIBUTE AND RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT y '"action," for such were we created and it is only when wc live in accordance xyith that great law of our being that we attain our greatest aim, and truest happiness Under the tutoring of her dear' mother and the Mormon F.lders, she became a member of The Church of Jesus Christ, of Latter-da- y Saints, and was one of those who through conviction had the n courage to be baptized when the ice the lake and had to be cleared away for that lf : be-u-av- j brother of six years, crossed the J.. G.. Willcs handcart company, in " I a :;d -- -- - D. r bow to the decree'of -- . .our lipavrnlv .Fnthr . , .... mv He teach us from our hearts to .jsav. "'Hiv willj ' be done." ; And while we deptore the removal of our sister from among us, we cherish her memory and worthy example and extend to her family our decnest sympathy and exhort them to emulate her worthy life. .Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions he given the family of the deceased as a token ot respect and a copy be recorded in our minute hooks and a copy sent to The Woman's Kxptyicnt. MARY E. MAGLERY. SWINDLE. On Tuesday,. October 3rd, 1911, Mrs. lain Murdock, horn October 25th, 1833, She became a r off Durtdee, Scotland. L.-S. in 1&49, and Church the of ,r widowed ,, with her mother, three sis- - i w . LIFE SKETCH OF MARY MAGDALENE )cl: May in : 'nit . "... - - 