r - v-- . Woman's Exponent ' . EMMELIXE li. Vt:U.SJ:ditor ndlublhher ASS1E WELLS CASSUS Assistant Editor. I'uhli.Ml iii.iiithly in Snlt Uke City, I'uh. Ternm: six inonrtm, Met. one copy onfi 11.00; om-rpby . malfor club. City ja.rH So -' y, ltri mail, ftra fur potH'e lines of mm-- . Adrcrthink' rate: IIk-'I- i yi-a- y r, i.t!iri - "' tn iae out Unit- fi.50; . (li.icount to rrjjular Kxposjsst office ruomsL8 pnri-- - l p-- r month, 3.00 A liberal ailvt-rtisers- ul 2nl fl'Hr Bishop's BukUM-hhour from Str--t- . Main North liuiMiritf, a , 10 a. id. to 5 p. m., every y except Sunday. ll buxinessi oomtmiiticntimiH to, . Aillnss Mm. K. H. WKLLS, 4D "-, I uk M. Hollister. Mrs.-Lillia- and-obtai- ' . Kntertd at the W Office in Salt Lake City, l ath ffeou l class tuatter. ; EMMELINE B. WELLS, Pres. Nat'l. Woman's "Relief Society. SUSA YOUNG GATES, CARRIE S. THOMAS, J ALICE MERRILL HORNE, Com. N. W. Relief Society. MARTHA H. TINGEY Pres. Y. L. N. M. I. A. RUTH M. FOX, MAE T. NYSTROM, ANN M. CANNON, . Y. L. N. M. I. A. Com. POSSIBILITIES OF THE-AUE- . L' l OCTOHKIC, n r thi-high- er i 1 It is quite impossible to tell in one or two All Svi. Lakk .City, or even many pages of books or magazines and rapid for the innumerable'-advantageward studies of those who are undertaking RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT the great work of the age in its upward To the Memory of the Late President and onward growth towards higher and .Lillian M. Hollister, of the National greater things. This "is the day. of rapidity in all moveCouncil of Women, by the National Relief Society and Young Ladies' Mu- ments and attainments, and one wonders and scarcely dares conjecture what will le tual Improvement Associations. undertaken and purchance achieved by those who arc pushing on in the scale of progress When in the course of human experi- in the world's work of the age in which we ence, the silver cord of a life full, useful, of the present generation are living and tryand complete, is suddenly loosed, and the ing to fill some small niche, in this vast panogolden bowl is unexpectedly broken, all rama of the world's great pageantry. associated lives quiver in the shock of To enumerate the discoveries and the that loss and stand confused and helpless progressive advancement in only a few before the Divine fiat. things would be a gigantic undertaking even service the great ThereforeKnowing on paper but suffice it to say this is the M. Lillian Hollister Mrs. to rendered by age of wonders, and the prophecies of the the cause of human advancement as crys- ancients in the Scriptures old and more modtallized in her position as President of the ern are coming to pass before our very eyes, National Council of Worrren of the United and the people are witnesses of the fulfillStates, as Supreme Commander of the ment, and they know it not or will not acLadies of the Maccabees of the World, knowledge it, or are so blinded by the dazofficer as C. in and and worker T. zling array of wondrous miracles as it were the W. in the Woman's International and that they cannot quite U., grasp the potency Michigan State Press Associations, in the and intrinsic value of the advantages to be Federation of Women's" Clubs, in the gained by the appliances now into Woman's Relief Corps, in the Order of use and, saving manual labor brought of men and the Eastern Star and the Degree oiJ women thus giving time to devote to the .. nonor higher channels, of human wisdom and intelKnowing also her uncounted services ligence. in the financial emancipation of womanIn the meantime-arthe people doing and hood, hitherto hampered by sex condiaccomplishing the actual work that will tions and traditions entitle them to stand on a higher plane intelKnowing as well the loss sustained by lectually, educationally, and in managing the the wide circles which have been reached arts and sciences so as to give a tone of exthrough her writings and lectures, her cellence in design of architecture and beauty personal ministrations and magnetic lead- in homes and grounds, in forest, fields and gardens never before reached by the peo-- . ership Therefore We, the officers and mem- pie who own and inhabit this land of Amerof bers of the National Woman's Relief So- ica, which is yet to be the dwelling-plac- e who those in can attain to the best the up- -, ciety and Young Ladies' Mutual Imof the human race. provement Associations do unite in this lifting If the chosen people who came into this public expression of our own )oss in the sudden death of Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister, wilderness and endured the hardships and President of the National Council of privations incident to such an exodus, are to establish Zion in her beauty and glory in the' Women. of the mountains that all nations may We further desire to convey to her in- tops flow unto it and they really have made a timate associates, her family; to our own beginning then the people should go members and "to the womanhood of this good on adding the superior graces that beautify country, and of the civilized world our and adorn the lives and characters of those deen conviction that such a life, and such who represent the Church of latter-day- s labors are in themselves a priceless herMany women as well as men in the past itage which are at once ideal, and a chal- have attained to great excellence in the virlenge to all of her sex to like aims, to tues that adorn the lives of Saints, we who similar achievements. live today have their yet they had JMay the wise. Father administer conv greater difficulties to example encounter than we of fort to the bereaved husband and associ- the present are we reaching as high a stan" ates, and preserve fruitful remembrances dard of excellence as they attained ? l This, generation have "all the opportunithe spiritual en ties to develop dowments that excell all else,-w- e have Temples wherein we can go and accompli tL of our kindrt-greater work that they may stand with the redeemed mount Zion is there anything in this upi ta-to of be world ours, compared with life that is within the reach of manv that are now in the pursuit of frivolity an fashion, and things of lesser value, that can only bring remorse and regret, and cannot be compared with that which leads to purity and genuine attributes of heart and sou! that will fit and purpose one to be companions for angels to minister in holy pkuN and to behold the glory and share in the wondrous transformations that are to conn-about in the future unfolding of the great plan of salvation and exaltation that will be revealed to those who are worthy to participate in tjjLC scenes that must transpire before the ushering in of the great' Millennial morn. Upon the youth. of today depends, m l only the greatness of the near future of the affairs of the business world, but the enterprise and growth of the educational advantages as also the moral and spiritual force-thmove the world of mankind towards higher and better thing's than any of the benefits that can be bought4 with a price. , Faith above all else is necessary to instil into the minds and hearts of the young and tender human plants, while in their babyhood and even before there can be such thoughts and desires and the condition of mind and heart that will culminate in an intelligence that will become an r inheritance that will never lie out. 'Prenatal influences are strong and lasting and the mother who seeks for this gift and grace from the Lord for her unborn child will have her reward in due time if her faith fails not. Children born in. the eternal marriage-covenan-t and trained by wise mothers and faithful fathers, what may not be expected of them? : n Lake City, I pah. Salt ; to all who knew and loved l'Jll - t e ' -- ' 1 , at J EDITORIAL NOTES. The glorious victory won by the women Of the great State of California is not only a decided triumph of the cause, but proves the strength of the sentiment of equal suffrage more decidedly than any other movement that has culminated so auspiciously that it is likely to extend its influence abroad and permeate many localities, or at any extent other states in the Union. Great things may be ex'pected to transpire very shortly. The National Council of Women of the United States,- with which the Relief Society and the Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association are affiliated, will hold its Executive Session in Chicago, at the Auditorium Hotel, the 13th and 14th of November. It will be an important session as it will be necessary to fill the vacancy caused by the demise of Airs. Lillian M. Hollister. - The condition of"matters in our City demands from every good citizen at the present time, the best efforts that can be made for such measures to be brought about as will introduce a new order of things, and do away entirely and forever it is to be hoped with evil and corruption, and introduce such an order of good city government as shall utterly prevent the reign of vice and iniquity that has been so disastrous to the peace and. ' v ; harmony of this fair city." ' ; , 