block in Poverty .is thq gnat, stumbling:" the developmenqt of everything. The greatest cause of evil iVwv.erty. ."The three cdn- (litiqiis we lntist sttHly. to overcome poverty, are the earning jwwer, the spending .power. and the saving jxmer, Airs, norneaus referred to the saving and thrift of the French and compared them with the American people,- and .thought that lhr nigh our Relief work we should instil the desire to She 'save and not be forever spending.illustra'gave,, some very apt and pertinent tions of the extravagance of buyiug.in smajl quantities for family use; and gave good instructions along the lines of household - i : The eighty7first birthday of Sister Rachel ' ; were uruugai iu, uiut mvu iq ou r little tillage were led out to executipp ; death sentences were read in our little mar- bur prison was filled with unr and we did not' know ifom hour to, hour What the' next jwould ; bring to .us. I felt it necessary conditions tMse "Under I should resolutely force my thought at times, from the horror of the' world around me, to dwell on some abstract question and it was under these circumstances, that this little book was written." The "little book," however, is a volume of three hundred pages every one of which deserves the closest attention of the reader. No attempt is made to connect the passages here given each completes its own powerful argument. In that clamor which has arisen in the t.: r worm, i.i wneic nuw uns, moaern iuu,i uieu that, is demanded for and by large bod iesof modern women, he who listens "carefully may detect as a keynote, "beneath all the clamor, a demand which may be embodied in stich a cry as this: "Give us labor and the' training which fits for labor. We demand this, not for our selves alone, but for the race." If this demand be logically expanded, it willtake such form as this:' Give us labor! for countless ages, for thousands, .millions it may' be, we have labored. When first man wandered, the naked, newly erected savage, and hunted and fought, we wandered with him : each step of his was ours. Within our Iwlipq we hore the race, on our shoulders we carried it we sought the roots and plants for its food; and, when: man's barbed arrow or hook brought the game, our hands dressed it. Side by side, the savage man and, the savage woman, we wandered free togetljer and labored free together. And we were contented Then a change came. uv-iuu- ui RACHEL PORTER HONORED. '". Porter was. held at the home of her daugh- ter. Sister Alice Young, on the 11th of May. She. was born in. 1830 in the State of New York, and was the first president of the Relief Society of. Preston, Idaho. Many of her old friends.came to pay their respects to her; oftier old 'officers present, there were L. B. Benson, Anna Larson, counselors; Sister Nellie Lucy Margetts, secretary." Parkinson coming from Ilyrumand there were twenty sisters to show their love in words of cheer, music and song, nice refreshments were served. Sister Porter's "economics. years Sister Kdward sang, "My Faith in Thee." hair is as black 'as it was twenty-nine- is .humble the meek she as ever, and Jmd Mrs. Wolstenholme, representing ago; is still praising her Heavenly Father.- There Home Manufacturers Association, spoke upwere five of the present Stake Board there, on Home Industry; President Lmmeline U, Wells expressed to do honor to this veteran Saint. her great, joy for the glorious spirit of the The parents of Sister Rachel Porter were sub-- " the of splendid many conference; spoke not in the Church, their names were Sally dilTerent the he fore us hy M. Wilcott and Samuel Murray, Her maidjeets brought mubeautiful the and wonderfully en name was Rachel Ann Murray was born speakers, sic. Advised the sisters to arm themselves in the town of Oceana, State of New York. with prayer and faith, to ward off every 4 The first Relief Society in 1879 was orevil. After singing, Lome, Lome ye faints ganized in Preston, under direction of Bishand prayer hy Sister Phebe Y. Beatie, the op Nathan Porter, who was the first Bishconference adjourned until October, 191 1 op,- and her husband ; it then was called Wells Annie Cannon, the Worm Creek Branch. These are the Acting Secretary. first officers: Rachel Porter, president; Serena Jensen, firjtXDljnselor ; Annie Lurkl-greesecond counselor ; Mary Heller, secRELIEF SOCIETY ENTERTAINMENT. retary; Jennie Wilcott, treasurer. Sister Porter presided for f jurteen years. An entertainment was given by the h Ward Relief Society oii the 17th of March, 1911, in the amusement hall of said ward, being the anniversary of WOMEN AND LABOR. the organization of the Relief Society. Refreshments were being served, tables GIVE US LABOR OR WE DIE being set for that purpose, and all was beautifully" decorated with ferns and pink Such is the gist of the argument preand white carnations. Having been com- sented in Qlive Schreiner's book, "Women AYexease4--fmrru-0- U ivariderings-and- . lQrtaHveatedat4iie-UAT and Labor," just puTIisheanjy'Frederick Carrington spoke a few words of welcome, Stokes camping upon one spot of earth, again the New York a of Company, picture labors of li f e were divided between, us. wishing them all a good and enjoyable time the and conditions of women While man went forth to hunt, or to battle past present during the evening. for even passion,-unitewhich, eloquence, with the foe who would have dispossessed Nearly three hundred persons were enscientific with is litto other pure reasoning, tertained. After the banquet had been us of all, we labored on the land. We hoed on the erature what this author's the earth, we subject served the tables were cleared away, and a reaped the grain, wre shaped memorable "The of novel, an African Story short program prepared for the evening was the dwellings, we wove the clothing, we to was the best fiction of Farm,'' its day. rendered. modeled the earthen vessels and drew the The from Miss Schreiner's book excerpts lines upon them, which were humanity's Opened hy singing, "America." on this forcible as printed page, they are, first attempt at domestic art; we studied the A solo was then rendered by Brother a hint the of and give only power Melvin Peterson. A piano solo by Dorriett authority properties, and uses of plants, and our old of the whole book. And this volume f yet Evans womeniwere the first physicians of the race, Miss as Schreiner tells in her introduction, as often, its first President Joseph E7 Taylor, gave a priests and prophets.. is hardly more than a synopsis of the talk on the work of the Relief bulky We fed the race at our breast, we bore it volumes, representing her serion our shoulders ; through us it was shaped, Society, also said that on the day of the manuscript ous which were .vane destroyed by organization, sixty-ninyears ago, there dals "of the Boer fed, and clothed. Labor more toilsome and War of which her South were eighteen members, and today there are African home was a storm center. Was ever unending than that of man was ours: yet thousand. over did1 we never cry out that it was too heavy lossibly forty a volumethoughtful urnler prepared greater for its. While A solo was then given by Mrs. Ethel man lay in the sunsavage she than ?' here describes disadvantages Leaver, followed by a solo given by Heber shine on his skins, resting, that he might be "I was in M. little a K. Aldous. Sister Ellis liipp, house on the out- fitted for war or the chase or while he D., of living skirts of the in the Relief Society, then spoke for a short a single room, with village, shaped his weapons of dpath' he ate and a stretcher and two time, her remarks being along the same line packing cases as furnidrank that which our hands chad provided as those of Brother Taylor." A solo was ture, and with only myTittle dog for comfor him ; and while we knelt over our grindthen rendered by Sister Elma Young. Thirty-si- x pany. armed African natives stone, or hoed in the fields, with one child Bishop F. B. Piatt spoke a few words of were set to guard night and day at the doors in our womb, perhaps, and one on'our back, encouragement and asked God to let His and windows of 'the house; and I was only toiling till the old before itc young body-wallowed to go out during certain hours in choicest blessings revt upon the Relief Sotime did we ever cry out' thatthe labor the middle of the day to fetclv water from-thciety! -allotted to us was too hard for us ? fountain in the middle' of the After benediction, pronounced by Brother village, or Did we not' know that the woman who Thomas Williams, an invitation was given to buy what I needed. I was allowed threw; xlown her burden was as a man who no newspapers or magazines. to all to stay and enjoy a good time in danccast away his shield m.battle a coward and ing. T was neither allowed "to light a candle, a traitor to his ;nor race? Man fouuht that was' Hui.pA C Ekickson, strike' a' match. When a conflict was dns work : we fed and nurtured the rac- eSecretarv. fought near .by, the dying' .and wounded that was ours. We knew that la- upon our fellow-countryme- n, , - -- - - - , . . n, . ; Twelfth-Thirteent- m -- , very-interestin- g life-wor- k, " , a e , . to-re-ce- ive ".,' ' " . ket-plac- e; - . . . s 