.A u( helping the poor and needy, the sick those who needed comfort, and they contributed liberally to the public build-Th- e results of the nurse course which established during the past six months probably be more beneficial than any in After the opening exercises, Pres. welcomed the sisters. The statistical and financial report for the year ending December, 1910, was read and accepted. u; The general officers, also the stake officers will were unanimously sustained. A piano, solo ,,t;n r work. was rendered by Sister Flnora Miller. ReWest has bad very poor health durports were made of the first five wards of of winter. last most She was ing helpless Liberty Stake, all were progressing, 'and fur a number of weeks. in the line of their duty. Sister Maud Ken-nShe left Snowflake May 23 for her home rendered the solo, ''There is Sunshine in in Salt. Lake City, where she will now rethe Sotil.' Sister Penrose addressed us for side. We will miss heY very much in this a short time on' mother's work, care of chilleaves with She the love arid respect dren, also care of the IkxIv. Stake. all and i,f iier whoknew her. We Sister McLelland spoke on prohibition, will health sufficient n to tnM she regain and the benefits to be derived by leading the labor in the Temple whiclvshe temperate lives. "V to accomplish. After the closing exercises conference Lula J. Smith: took recess until 2 o'clock. During the noon recess lunch was served to all present, and a musical program rendered. Conference reconvened at 2 o'clock, after the opSNOW FLAKE STAKK. ening exercises Flder Levi F. Young gave us a talk on the Signs of the Times. Relief At "the quarterly conference of the Snow-Hak- e Stake, held June 3 and 4. 1911, Stake Society work, and related some early hiPresident of Relief Society, Mary J. R. story of this Society, paid many tributes to woman and motherhood, the talk was very, t, her counselors and board were honinstructive and listened to with interest. orably released. These sisters have served Sister Flnora Miller played a selection from long and faithfully. "II Travatore." Sister Sarah McLelland reA new organization was effected as follated some of her missionary experiences lows Nellie M. Smith, President: lielle II: Flake, first counselor; Anna S. Shumway, and read a synopsis of her trip to Xauvoo. Sister R. B. Penrose spoke of the early ec'ond counselor; Maud F. Ramsey, secretrials and sufferings of the 5amts7 alsf of tary, and Lulu J. Smith assistant secretary her missionary labors in Furope. Flder and treasurer. Svmons urged all the sisters to work and Lula I. Smith. vote for prohibition ; gave us some good instructions, and encouraged us to continue in doing good. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. President Musser thanked all who had approacii or warm weatiier ttie helped to make our conference a success, housewife begins to lay away the heavy and after the closing exercises, conference rritlc iti " adjourned for six months. 'C- One of the best means to protect the furs Lizzie Roebi.vs. Sec and woolens from moth is the use of gasoline: Dip the whisk broom in the gasoline and sprinkle it lightly over the clothing bc JORDAN STAKE. fore 'folding, then if the articles are tightly wrapped in newspaper and laid in your Conference minutes of the Jordan Stake boxes: 'or on 'the closet shelves you need Relief Society held at Sandy, May have no fear of npth, of course the clothPres. HildalfL II. Larson presidingMaria be ing thus placed away should first . T.,Gof7 conducting the exercises. brushed jind aired., her Wells and B; Emmeline President Fine china plates are sometimes cracked Counselors, Clarissa S- Williams, and Julina and broken by placing too many together. L. Smith were present. Meeting opened The weight; is likely to break the lower by singing, "We Thank Thee O God for a files' in the stack. Prayer, by Stake Counselor Prophet." "A little salt and Continued by singing, gasoline sprinkled on the James Jensen. velvet or brussels carpet cleans and brightis the Soul's Sincere Desire." "Prayer ens it. wonderfully; But one must always be Minutes., of previous conference read and careful not to have any fire around when roll called. Reports were heard from near-1- v ' lining gasoline. all the wards, which. were in good con For hoarseness. The juice of a lemon, dition, most of them owned' 'granaries and' and two table spoonsful of glycerine mixed all were storing-grainwith a liberal quantity of honey will cure rmmselor Maria T. GofT felt pleased and .witlrthe to hoarsenessand is very good reports and. felt greatly honored r i A. w. coids. have our dear President fcmmeime 11. .wens, and her counselors meet with us. felt pleased with President E. the reports given of Temple work done, and REPORTS. RELIEF SOgil complimented theisters on the correctness ' LIBERTY STAKE. work-donof reports given.' Spoke of the great the by the Relief Society and. urged Stake of Liberty Conference sisters to do their duty as Relief Society Ward inNinth' Relief Society was held ' workers. ' Annie Pres. 1911, 22, meetinghouse, JuneCounselor Clarissa S. Williams was grateS. Musser, presiding. y Lord for her position as a leader Sisters Romania B. Penrose and Sarah ful to the ljpliVf Society work ; urged us all to be McLelland of General Board were, present, and get-- better, attendance to also Elder C. W. Symons'of Liberty Stake missionaries ' our Relief, Society meetings. The Lord has Council. High e- Si-t- M-- r - er - co-labor- per-f..r:- v- -, .u-tn- . -- -j 18,-1911- . u-- . . or dc-su- ; given us brains, so do not let them get rusty hut e them for a good purjxxse. Stake Counselor J. W. W. Fitzgerald gave some good 'instructions' to the sisters. Meeting closed by singing. "I Iigh on the .Mountain I op. Benediction by Flina lleckMead. Meeting adjourned tjll'J f clock. Afternoon Session: Meeting opened by sinking, "(riune. Come Ye Saints;" Prayer by J, V. W. Pitzgerald continued bv singing. "How Firm a Foundation." Minutes read and approved. Counselor Julina L. Smith was pleaded t hear the stake 'wa doing Temple work a so many are waiting on the other side for us to do the work for them. The Prophet Joseph had said that all good, .and virtuous women should belong to the. Relief Society. Let u as mothers do nil we can to stop the liquor traffic. Counselor Clarissa S. Williams thought -- good idea that we had an honored list, that is, of memlKTs too old and unable to attend the saints' meetings. Wc can all aim to be faithful and make others love us. Pres. Hvrum Golf said : Sisters, oppose everything wrong and uphold everything that is right. Continue in working for the dead as it is a glorious work. ' Pres. F. B. Wells said the Relief Sivicty it a . the world and was doing a great work in iVL- - mwl flip rnriiirr tnr irir Hn lir testimony of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Had never met another man so" wonderful. About $40,000.00 had been expended for charity during the year 1910, by the Relief Societv in its .stakes and branches, not in cluding missionPies. Hilda II. II. Larson felt to appreciate that wc all had had an opportunity of hearing Pres. Fmmeline B. Wells who has had so much experience in Relief Society - work. Conference adjourned for six months. Closed by singing, "The Spirit of God'.". Benediction by Bishop W. D. Kuhre. ' Kmzaiseth Gardner, Secy. Elizabeth Moxson, Ass't. " - BECAUSE. - - . , for-cough- s a - r- B.-Well- 11 - s e Semi-annu- al - a - , . - Because' women have to obey the laws just as men do, they should vote equally with, men. Because women ..pay taxes-- just as men do, thus supporting the government", they should vote equally with men. Because, women suffer from bad government just as do. men, they should vote . equally. Because mothers need every help in mak? nig their children s environment good, thev should vote equally "with men. Because over 5.000,000 women in the Unit ed States are in industry, and their health and that of our future citizens is endangered by evil working conditions that can only be remedied by legislation, they should vote equally with men. Because women of .leisure that serve the State in public matters should be able to .back their' advice, by their vote, they : should vote equally with men. Because busy housemothers andprofession-a- l women cannot give such public service, and only serve the State by the busy men same means used by the ' . : "'1.... ...... ..... . 