, ,in)vc an mc is a uiuiuuii. -- . Nlitit.. ' " .' - juaiier-aa- y , GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFER ENCE, APRIL, lie j 1911. (ieneral Relief Society of the' Church in the Salt Lake ;i.M inbled TinT conference I at Jian on Wednesday. April o, 1'M. President Emmeline P. Wells pre siding. The music was under the, direction nf '.he. Relief Society Qiorister, Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward, and Miss Edna Coray, 1 1 1 T 1 1 1 Relief Society organist. " 1 ne morning session opened at . -i i r iu a. m. 1 the congregation singing. "Come let us Anew." . Prayer by Counselor Julina L. 'Smith, singing. 'Softly Beams the Sacred !, Daw ning President nr. -- " - many elect ladies among us not only the ircncr.il ident, but presidents, of stakes and wards. After the. 'exodus from Nauvoo it was a number of years before" the work was received in an organized way, but President Brigham Young appointed Sister Eliza R. .Snow to continue the work of organization and in under her. fine excellent ability the work of stake organizations was begun and the system perfected, also in under the Relief Society workers was initiated Hie organization of the Retrenchment Society, after wards merged into the Y. L. M. I. A. and the Primary Associations. Following: Sister Eliza was Sister Zina D. H. Young, then we note a great development along charity lines and later under Sister Bathsheba W. Smith all we then had emphasized and oth er important works brought forth, notice ably the mothers work and the nurse work. Many stakes now have begun to have the nurse classes in their own stakes for the slogan of the day is "keep your girls at home," better remain under the home en vironment at a dollar a month than risk the pitfalls.-ansnares for young women in the citv. Sisters of the Relief Society make it your work to help the mothers keep their girls from evil. The work of the Relief Society embodies every good thing it should le to the women, what the priesthood is to themen. 'The Relief Society is the mother -- Emmeline B. Wells gave a peeling 10 ine MMer assemnied. .poKe ot the many glorious blessings and mercies- l)i upon our pcopie, and now grate i(ed for the privilege of thus meeting felt ful she together to praise and worship the Most Hih God. Hoped that while thus assem- 'Mol the workers of this great organization wmild have a joyful time in the meeting of friends and acquaintances and prayed that there would be a flowing and overflowing of the Spirit of God in our meetings, that all would Ik? satisfied to the fullest with the organization and itfrosihilities are greater conference. She blessed the sisters, every than ever before. May we sense these re one. and prayed for the Lord's blessings sponsibilities as mothers and sisters and all. upon daughters in Zion. and I bless voir with all The President's greeting was responded my heart, and I know the Lord does bless t by Sister Harriet B. Harker, president you in your labors, Amen. of the Salt Jake Relief Society, in a few Miss Elma Young sang a contralto solo, o incise and pointed words. She referred to "Ninety and Nine." her admiration of our general president, and Dr. Romania B. Penrose continued along the great love all the sisters felt for her,-hthe line of organization work and. in a most her wonderful work and intellectual interesting way told of how organization attainments stood as an inspiration tQ the had spread to the islands of the sea and the -- -- -- vvu:uenof-Zio- n, referred touchinglvni--loreigv-countrie- s. the- - She-lescriled--how elders go in boats along the coast of Nor way from one city to another, and there in and expressed an appreciation for the great 'this northern land of the midnight sun.. give, work done in the. different stakes of Zion. forth the message of the gospel, and wher Louisa 15. Benson, president of Oneida ever possible have organized the women of Stake Relief Society, also responded to the the Church into a branch Relief Society. She on the subject of the greeting in similar words, referring briefly dwelt at some length" to stake work in general. age, of Adolescence, and urged the mpthers to be 'more diligent and careful in instructing .Miss Edith Grant sang the beautiful song, their daughters, for by the neglect of this "1 Avill lift up mine eyes." Clarissa S. Williams then addressed the assembly. She knowledge great suffering is causedThe- congregation sang, r VOh ye Mouii- man V presen t at great v i ej oiced tains High, and benediction was pro the opening of the conference for she felt' that at the first session We received the key nounced by Sister Carrie S. Thomas. note of the conference. In thinking of the At 2 p. m. .The conference was resumed. 'reat work. "of the Relief Society a great The' congregation sang, Glorious things many questions arose in her mind, but late-- - are Sung of Zion," and Sister Priscilla P: ly she had allowed her thoughts to dwell Jennings offered the invocation. Singing, somewhat on the first organization. by the "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet." Prophet, and the later development of the President Emmeline B. Wells then ad work, The story of the organization though dressed the assembly, making reference to an old story is always beautiful. It was a recent public accusations against our peo 'mTfcct answer to prayer and an inspiration. ple and the necessity of answering them to And one thing that seems strange to me is the women of the National Council with me fact that though the great work given whom we are affiliated in order to explain Me sisters in the beginning was charity, still our true position, brie gave in detail our "cQne of the other lines of work in which relationship to the National and Internation We iifrncrprl hut wns mentioned and al Councils of women. Dr. Jane W. Skol- aref dwelt iipoiTatthe first meeting, by the field then addressed the "assembly on social Proii)het in his teaching to the sisters on conditions. Her address .was." along the work thai occasion . , of social purity and she knew; the necessity She referred to Sister Emma whom he of this work, for she had discovered that "amcd the elect lady and defined ..the ex Babylon had followed the people into these pression "elect lady" as one who is called J mountains. Touching and heartbreaking lovingly to the life and example of our late V. Smith departed president, Bathsheba - 1 J -- -see-so- - , instances she related that come to" her personal knowledge,. and he warned mothers to keep their girls at home and to throw around them every jxissible safegiianl. Walter Lamareaux sang a bass solo. "Rock of Ages," after .which Elder Anthony Y: hins. of the Ouorum of the Aix)stles, addressed the congregation on the duties ami resionsibilities of the work of the Relief Society. He dwelt at some oil the importance of the word Relief , length" and likened the work, of this Society to the teachings of Christ ; referring to the parable, that' must le separated from evil, the goats from the sheep, the tares from the wheat, and they would enter into His joy. And .when they said, Lord when did we not minister unto Thee lie gave them' this great lesson. When He was naked they had not clothed I lim, when He was hungry they did not feed Him. and they said. Lord when saw we Thee in need, and here was the key, in looking to do good in higher places hey had forgotten those around them. Acts of mercy count with the Lord whether administered with our own or a stranger. He believed the Relief Society tried to let love guide their actions and if they did, and .first loved the Lord, their own, their neighbor, and even their enemies, the; Lord would surely bless them. No kind act goes unapproved of the Lord. Mrs. Lizzie T. Edward most beautifully rendered .the song, "When , the Swallows Homeward Ely." Sister Annie M. Cannon made a few telling remarks pertaining to general Relief Society work, followed by Second Counselor Julina L. Smith, who spoke upon the subject of social .purity and the broad charity needed by the sisters in dealing with the difficult problems of their work. . After singing, "Zion Stands with Hills Surrounded," benediction was pronounced by Sister Rebecca N. Nibley. -- the-goo- -- Sarurdayrpf Officers of the Relief Society held an officers meeting in the assembly room ot the Bishe stakes op's Building. There were represented. The time of the session was given over to the answering questions along the different lines of work. Many impor tant matters were discussed. Saturday afternoon, April 9, the confer ence reconvened in the Salt Lake Assembly fifty-thre- Hall. in open session. After, singing, "How Firm- a Foundation," prayer was offered by SisteY ;JuIia;P. M. Farnsworth. singing, "Guide Us, Oh Thou Great Jehovah." Sister Alice M. Home then addressed the assembly on the subject of Thrift versus Poverty. She mentioned how every spirit comes stamped with infinity and to each one comes the task of working, out his or her own individuality. The great sorrow was that so many are unable to discover But God1 has their own special talent. blessed many people to help these uncertain ones ana discover ior tnem tneir guts anatalents.' We should be responsive to the Father's call, thankful for the talents He has given Nus, and through study and intelligence pass on to, perfection, . Through our. great' system of teachers in our work we be- -' come acquainted with- every member of every family, and it should be the dutv of the Relief Society to help these our friends to know themselves. Tbere are many kinds of poverty. Nothing grows in poor soil. . - - . " 