WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 02- - Wilt IN MEMORIAM t" nietnl erTti'o-.- i ckvitlK'a 1, lirancl J. .v.e-- " . , .. : frcim'cnts were served and- an .enjoyable Johannah Thompson Eggertsen departed this tiine cxj)erinicc(l. Proceeds will be .devoted life December 19th, 1910, in Prov. .Utah, after 'to the ood ' cause of relief work among- .having Jived in thi world nearly 8u.years. She the poor. wa, horn ifi Hal jdborg, Denmark; January 1825." 2nd. :. The Relief, Society of the Snnderland Wlicn (jtiite a girl sn,e listened to two Morbranch of the Newcastle conference held iiiisi(narie explain their principles to V successful "tea" and. mon a verv jnterestii with whom sheSyas visiting. These uncle' an . .. i i i , iiii tin .uarcn "The n forbidden the house, but-lef- t in were elders i sdcial m 'ark nan, i.nu, Jo-- , which a side' on Voice of Warning" table, Vonimemoration of the anniversary of the conhannah eagerly read, and she became Relief Society. The proceeds will be used of the "truth of the revealed gospel qf vinced 'I ht o- t1u iuwtf!f'if i,l W.' 1...H..M " " 'l VI llil- lir'inrli ;V llv 111 411 Years passed by, changes came Christ. Jesus ters can well be commended for their good to her family-anher mother Uh.ed. ;SheMlien Latter-dSaliit 'elders and found work here. sought thuV j'.' in of hem the city AalborgAfter' much oppoAnother social was held at 47 Scotch and friends, she and her from relative sition Street. Carlisle (Newcastle conference), siter Inger were baptized.- None of her iiu About forty people me.rous March "20th, 1911. relatives otJujhaii liCrsister have ever were in attendance, and were greatly enterembraced Uie' gospel. On the 'iSth of April, tained by siiiis, recitation, readings ; ,aio .1857,- tTTesctwisfv embarked fun. America," .brother "and. frie'iuf"? in the trial scene of '"The Merchant "of Ven-- ? "if ayiiT', tears; "while they rejoiced as the ship sailed ice," was successfully played. Ten shillings from the leaurifuklanl of Denmark. Weeks was the sum realized. Lirassed in. England and the Atlantic' A very success tul social .was hey in uicm jOcealahding in Philadelphia and then by train New Hall at 106 Ann Strict, Heli .(Irish to Iowa, where they started the laborious exof traveling by handcart over 1,300 conference), Friday niiit", Maxell 17th. perience miles of desert, leaving much good clothing 1911. The party was gifen by the sisters, and bedding by the way. They arrived in of the Keli-- f Society ojrihe branch. An Salt Lake City September 13th of the same admission fee-cone shilling was charged, year. V, By inspiration, Simon P. Eggertsen and and the proceeds are to go towards paying Thompson first met in Salt Lake and Jb expense's involved in. moving into and loved cadi V.fher, so were married February fixing up our new httlk (f!n excellent pro7th, 1858, a perfect ideal couple. v gram, consisting During the "exodus or move southSister songs, recita Eggertsen was sent to Provo, and" her hustions and musicvAv.Ts rendered. Many of band to our frielrlls assisted in this feature of the meet was called to go out to Kcho Canyon ' After some three Johnston's army. entertainment. The sisters, assisted by months,. Elder Eggertsen met his Wife-Provo friends who attend our services, furnished where they settled and made their home. refreshments of a substantial nature. EvIntelligently they sought to adapt themselves to the new conditions surroundinR them, erybody .seemed to enjoy the evening very cultivating faith in God that all difficulties We could .much. About LI 15s. was realized. be overcome. The hour of was thank both sains and friends for their hearty a sacred communion which always prayer cast a hallowed influence around their home. By insupport. dustry and frugality. the comforts of life were 4R4e Halifax Relief Society held a consoon gathered around them: a home was in eomnu'moni- cert on March 15th. 1 a man for clothing Prother Egtion of the organization of the Relief Soci-S't- y bought fijm gertsen brought from Denmark. There was A program, of songsandre.ulings-wamuch tf learof pioneer lifer Sister Lydia Knight. Uncle Jesse Knight's mothrendered. We spent a very pleasant eveer, used to teach Sister Eggertsen some of the ning, the presiding' elders of the branchjje-in- g arts of grappling with the hard times quespresent. .Elder Edward-- C Rich spoke tions, such as making beet molasses, soap of the good results derived from Relief So- from wood ashes and grease, coloring woolen and cotton goods from native barks, herbs and ciety work. About sixty persons were w i' ..A. at 41. ineir gate and irom pcanoinavia. sioppeu. welcomed into this borne, fed; refreshed and encouraged after the long journey, and. were given employment and taught' how to meet the conditions in this new 'country; ' It was an established rule with Sister Eg- gertsx'u, .when her husband and sons woulj come Tiome tired and weary from work. to meet them with a smile, and her gentle motiur-hnls would open the gate and have plo my of good, wholesome food prepared and spi upon the table and properly served. tr a alwas so man, particular very Eggertsen ways noted the orderly side of life. When neighbors and friends celebrated, Si- ter EggVrtsen woithLexpress her love and respect by verse. When the invitations came she would have beautiful thoughts for those iwhom the. party was in honor of, and while. performing her household duties, she.Would wiiie a tine now and then, thus causing her soul to 'grow in love for her neighbors and friend.-- , and give pleasure and cjomforl in company. cast radiTier deep blue eyes, always-smilinance ami love around ajl and drew the pure-t- , sweetest sentiments from those .whom she met, for she truly was clothed with charity; al ways seeing the noble, beautiful attributes in each character. Sister Eggertsen was a chartered member of the Reilef Society in the. Second Ward of Provo. She Was, a faithful teacher and held the position as' treasurer for fifteen years, which caused her to learn more fully the wants and sorrows of the unfortunate, while her assistance and love was always given. It is very inspiring to read the sentiments written down by Sister Eggertsen when she received her first patriarchal blessing in company with her husbaikl before they had any children. On June 3, 1858, feeling strange in a strange land. The happiness and joy which filled their soiils over the promises given were beyond price, for they went on toiling joyfully, reading these blessings over often and were happy, proving as years rolled on these blessings were verified. 'In the year 1862 Brother and Sister Eggertsen received a call to go and receive their endowments in the House of the Lord, but their baby was very sick, st they paused. But Bishop Scott promised them that in going, their child should recover. Their child became well and by receiving the ordinance thev were renewed in. life. Brother and Sister Eggertsen have performed much work in the Temple and Endowment House for their departed forefathers and friends, and" received greater blessings in the Manti Temple, which caused them to comprehend the magnitude of the work of God more fully as revealed to Joseph Smith. Sister Eggertsen says in her diary: "1 was present at the dedication of the Salt Lake Temple with my husband and all my children, and hearing the dedicatory prayer from the mouth T)f President Woodruff, causes me to praise the Lord for it was the happiest day of . ' -- ' 1 . a i i I V lvi. - J Br-a- d a . I , - '. - g, -- . f ( ak . . ' . " 1 1 for-tlu'-peo- s pl-e ; The member's of the Dublin branch (Irish conference), with their friends, on March 17th, I'M 1, enjoyed a most pleasant social, given by the Relief Society of that branch. The program, consisting of songs, recita tions, duets and a farce, was very well car ried out., and was highly' appreciated by the audience. The members of this branch can well be proud id their talented children, who aided much in making the pro' gram and social a success. Monday evening, March 20th, 1911. fol- lowinir our conference, the saints, and friends-othe 1 lull branch enjoyed a delightfully informal tea and social. About sixty people sat down to tea. and mirth and An good humor prevailed throughout. iiup4iiptu program was given during tl.ic evenlngN.nd added to the sociability of the occasion. Possibly thirty of those assembled were and the social 'was pronounced the success of the year. 7 minerals and to prepare and cook foods for frontier people. Sister Eggertsen appreciated this knowledge very much and in turn taught oth- ers. Elder Eggertsen planted flax seed, the flax grew, was cut and prepared for the spinning wheel by machinery which he made. Sister - 7 . - ? non-member- '!- - , s, .Millennial Star. . .nk-- p the State of- Illinois attended the hearing on Woman Suffrage before the Senatevon February 9, held in the .Senate Chamber., At the close the committee unanimously recommended the bill for passage. . whitewashed, painted, a flower-be- d ' ', Sister Eggertsen attended the honor of the .Gospel first bein-Jubiledjni sent tr?rtui;navia-- always enjoying meeting and greetTfineir old friends. . not SjstEggertsen and her nusband did who of their children nfelfjlic education the beat schools:' No work or Jr(i(tMr!d j -- , wtsn;ito plswajs:' allowed to keep them from Sunday Schohol- the different meetings organized for T" the year 1.876, a "large beautiful house was the-youif- g. i com-fortabf- . Women from alb parts of my life.;. e T t , Eggertsen would then spin and weave it into cloth for men's. uits, beautiful table lineirand towels, which were sold to the towns people. She also wove beautiful bedspreads with raised from the raw material, designs which and now, after forty-liv- e reyears' wear, tain strength and beauty in color andthey design. For two beautiful bedspreads, two dress patterns, table linen, toweling, linsey flannel and jeans. Sister Eggertsen received the first nrip in the State Fair in Salt ritvm-wit Provo, Not only was. Sister Eggertsen an ex pert at weaving and teaching otlMTnhow ntfj handle the loom and spinning wh&el, but she was also an expert at rnaking butter and cheese, which was. exported. She was an excellent housekeeper, looking well after the comforts nf her househohl.fh'e work of each season was Stnctly attended to, and therefore this household was always prepared for the changes. As their children came, their joys' were unbounded and everything seemed possible. - Their crude addbe house of six rooms was made she-mad- i ' '. Jo-hann- A w-cr- e - . . L ; - . built, being- one-otheHrt pretentious houses at the time in Provo. AlPmembers of the family took great iuterestan helping to build this home, so it became truly a family home; Sis- from this home saw her husband and sons leave to go on missions and return in honor and safety. '". f 3 . For forty-tw- o years Brother and Ssister Eg- gertsen journeyed on together through the vavious changes that come into the. lives of the Saints Who obeyed the Gospel requirements. September 27th, 1900, death entered this home, and a faithful and devoted husband and father was called to a higher sphere. Since that time her eldest son Simon P. Eggertsen, has resided with Ms family in the family home, filling the place arid assuming the, responsibility of his father as head of the Eggertsen house. Although' Sister Eggertsen. kept up her ; own apartments and entertained her children and e, " -- in front of the house, a yellow-etirr-ent bush-fen- ce around the place was. trimmed after the fruit season, cobble rock walks were made from the gates and barns, and cleanliness and order prevailed arpund this home. Xot only were ww uuua m tne mornintr till iat they ,n the everiimr. but thpv i t tfisnop in sending oxen and provisions out to . hpv-pr- t. - 