T" M in the hand, of the Women CONTENTS. Society (Copied from Record) .49 The . M. F. 51 Tribute !. t. A T. v5l U'oiii i.i.'s Store . 53 Her the Sea......,,.. 53 lt;L-htfuEvening ; CamcJia 54 Social Notes for February.-- . M. ....Ethel Humphreys 54 Clnracur : i l Sparc Moments. . ., Maria Francis Ensign Stake Mriiinriam In Rev'"!.!'iis aVxl . .'. 56- 54 51 56 . N'ews. 51 Kdit.. rial: The Rising Generation. "The Cities of the Sun" 52 53 1'. ! (. ry - ; ' 'Land Ahead" Eva E. Ames Love Much... .Ella Wheeler Wilcox , Eighty Years and More" Oliver Wcndall Holmes ... , 50 . : Emma Smith, .Martha-KnightElvira A. Cowles, Sarah M. Cleveland, Phebd Ann liawkes, Margaret A. Cook. Desdemona bulmer, Elizabeth Ann Whitnev. Sarah M Kimball, Elizabeth Jones. Leonora Taylor, hliza K. Snow, Sophia Packard, Bathsheba V. Smith, Sophia Robinon, Philinda Her- nck, Phebe M. Wheeler, Sophia R. Marks. President Smith then explained some of the duties that would devolve on members of the Society, said they could provoke the brethren to look after the needs of the poor, and perform charitable acts. Women must assist in correcting the mor als, and strengthening the virtues of the community. Said it is now in order for the sisters to elect a President to preside over the Society and let her choose two coun selors to assist in the duties of her office. He would ordain them and let them preside just as the Presidency preside over the Church, and if thev needed his instruc tion, they could ask and he would be pleased to give it from time to time. Let the Pres idency serve as a constitution and their decisions .become precedents for you to act 55 , N'mU lows 55 "ciety Reports: .....,. ,! i! waukce R. S . Mahd Stake Boot P. Susannah of he..' Mtri"ry Relief In ader to letter the le to know if all were satisfied with each sister present, and willin- - to acknowledge' them in good fellowship and admit them to all the privileges of the institution about .to be organized.' AH being satisfied, the names of those present were taken as fol- Ki-Iic- s doM 49 50 good-works- 51 , " f "LAND AHEAD." Our hearts are lifted from the dark, Our hopes are knowledge verified, Our doubts have drifted with the bark That went to wreck on sorrow's tide. thunderous boom of breakers high, our joys, one day, LLiVii to soothing murmurs, nih-Thheights that lift beyond the bay. The That washed pf i ck ) - e Unruffled, calm, the waters now Sweep all our struggles hard aside. There's "Land ahead"- - our 's prow Her straight course knows, o'er ocean wide. Eternal lights, electric, gleam Athwart her way, and compass true Point- - on to where life is no dream: life-boat- Did we -- The upon. If officers are wanted to carry out the build better than we knew? rnnris may rock and winds anndy, the way; Wild tempests fret, and rough but. Jm! they, never can destroy The passage to future paid I day! cofn your vexing, tides of earth lour strength is puny, quickly spent; Heaven is our port, and all of worth Bide? there by shores of deep content. Already is the anchor chain Within our grasp. See! See! The way pure, without earth stain, J"ads unto the perfect day." Ah! blest fulfillment, grief and loss Roll backward are forever fast: Dror anchor furl the fluttering sailer I am safe at home, at last." Eva E. Ames. Is radiant, THE RELIEF SOCIETY. (Copied fromthe Original Eliza R. Snow, ' , Record.)' Secretary. ' 4 : e. Priesthoods r:---chairnd John Taylor was called to the willard Richards acted, as 1 secretary. Af- nging and prayer a Vote was taken! ;:. designs of the institution, let them be pointed and set apart as Teabhersr Deacons,, etc., are among us. Elizabeth A. Whitney moved and Sophia Packard seconded the motion that Emma Smith be elected President of the Society, the vote was put by the chairman and pronounced unanimous. The President Elect made choice of Sarah M. Cleveland and Elizabeth Ann Whitney as her counselors. Eliza R. Snow was appointed secretary, and Phebe M. Wheeler assistant secretary,, and Elvira A. Cowles, treasurer. President Joseph Smith read the revelation to Emma Smith, from 'the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, and stated that she had been ordained at the time the revelation was given to expound the Scriptures to teach, etc. He then read Scriptures to show that an elect lady is one electkPto preside. By request of President Joseph Smith, Apostle John Taylor ordained Sarah and Elizabeth Ann Whitney to be counselors and assist President Emma Smith in the duties of her office and share in the blessings pertaining thereto. He then confirmed on Emma Smith her be a former ordination, and blessed her-tmother in Israel, a pattern of virtue, and to possess all the qualifications necessary to enable her to preside with dignity1 and be requisite give such instruction as may in her calling as an Elect Lady. Elder Tavlor vacated the chair and Em- . invitation of the President of theA Church, a number of sisters convened in je Masonic Lodge Room on the 17th "of- -. V 1842, President Joseph Smith, Uders John Taylor and Willard Richards Weie present. ' President Smith stated that the meeting as called for the purpose of making more? complete the organization of the Church, organizing the women in the order of er ' Home, the SMrand the Nation': SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY, 1911 Vol. 39. r of Utah ) M.-Clevel- -- ' o and No.. 7. ma Smith and her counselors took the stand. A' lengthy discussion 'followed on the question, "What, shall this Society be -- called?" Mrs. Cleveland and Whitney advocated the appropriateness of the name Relief Society. John Taylor and Joseph Smith spoke in favor of the word Benevolent. Emma Smith and E. R. Snovar-guc- d in favor of Mrs. Cleveland's- choice.'.-Thgentlemen withdrew their objection and a, motion to adopt the name Relief Society was unanimously carried. President JoscplrSmith then said, "I' now declare this Society organized. With' 'President and counselors. All who shall here- 1 after be admitted must Ie free from cen sure and admitted by vote. President Joseph Smith laid down a five dollar gold piece to commence a Relief Society fund, and said. "What I do hereafter for charity ,1 shalllo through this .Society." Sarah M. Cleveland gave 12i cents: Sarali M. Kimball, $1 00; Emnn Smith, $1.00; Elizabeth Ann Whitnev, 50 cents; Willard Richards $1.00; John' Tavlor", $2.00. At the third meeting of the Society, March 31st, President Joseph Smith said the members of the Society must act in concert, or nothing can be cconipTi sTiccT." To move according to the ancient, order Of the priesthood this must be a select Society, separate from the evils of the world. Sixth meeting, April. 28th, said, he .was. present to speak upon the Priesthood, as his instructions were intended, .only for members of the Socicfy" he wished those not members to withdraw. 'After which e - -- - . , hecAllcdatterition;tQ,the-12th-clnpter.-Q- Corinthians, f "Now concerning spiritual gifts," etc., said the passage which reads, "No man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost should be translated, "No man knows," etc. Continued the reading of the chapter, and gave instructions respecting the different offices and the necessity of every individual acting in the place allotted to him or her, and filling the office to which they .were appointed. Spoke of the disposition of some to con sider the lower offices in the Church dis- honorable and to look with jealous eyes on the position of others ; said it was the nonsense of the human heart, to aspire t6 posi tions not appointed of God, that it was bet- ter for individuals to magnify their respective callings and wait patientfy till God shall sav to them, "Come up higher." Said it was talked by members of the Society that some were not doing right in laying hands on the sick. If they had common sympathy, they would rejoice .that the sick 1 he time had not been nld be . healed. before when these things could be in. their proper order, The Church is not how or ganized in its proper order and cannot be until the temple is completed. He referred to the commission given t to the anciept apostles, "Go ye into all the world," no matter who believes these signs; such as healing" the sick, casting out devils, should follow all that believe, whether male or fe male. , 4 . " L ' 