WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 68 .r ci y. Woman S JiXP1 onent EMM ELI XE D. WELLS', Editor and Tublisher Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy six; months, 50 cts. one 1.00; .one cop yearj; f No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: IJach square, ten lines of non-parCO. A literal Bpace one. time 12.50; per month; $3. discount to regular advertisers. Exponent oflice rooms 28 and 2, 2nd floor Bishop's Business hours from Huildirig, 40 North Main Street, 10 a. m. to 5 p. ra., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, I'ublisfie.l monthly Itx ".'4- frvcii when ;the ccnuincrtliararr-pasLord lias reveafeu iroin umjc iu hiv tilings; yet there are other underlying printhat' await ciples possibly not yet revealed, those wno are to come ioruaiu imu uu. action. The Key to Theology givcs many suggestions on the subjects M. Uergson deals with, but differs widely also from his assertions on the most imixirtant matters at is- t au OH' j" iA i' ' " -- r young people know .very little of the n pilgrims and pilgrimages. Many; of them are utterly ignorant of the manner of living in the early days in the valley. one would conclude hearing some of our boys Mbr-ino- and girls talk, that they, know more ancient history and lands over the sea, than" of the Great West and the famous people, who came first and settled in these, beautiful mountain vales. Such brooks as4h Is one of Brother William Halls would enlighten them considerably in more ways than one, if they would read seriously. There are soilie parts of it, however, that are humorous; and we wish the author'succcss in its circulation among the people of the West and 6 the Church. It is safe reading for bovs and girls and will not lead them astray. . Tiiere are perhaps but a few of our young . r r cople that have ever read the wonderiui look to winch we have here referred. If some of the great philosophers would read the Salt Lake City, Utah. Key to Theology and in a serious spirit ( not Entered at the Post Oilier in Salt Ixtke City, LUah One of ridicule) thinking no good thing a teeond ("has matter. oil Id come from Mormonism, they might be greatly enlightened on the questions, some 1911 Saht Lake City; Utah May, of them at least, they -- are puzzling their brains without much success. A VETERAN WOMAN. SCIENTISTS AND PHILOSOPHERS. The Lord has revealed and does reveal many wonderful principles that scientists A pleasant party was given at the home is research of one TrTeresent day and philosophers are studying to learn, and great of Mr. and Mrs. E, AV. Druce, Ninth East and discoVry, and men of superior intelsearching to' discover, and the, key notes lectual attainments are delving deep into the really given in the little book spoken of. but Street, Salt Lake City, on the ,17th of April, h mysteries of nature and of creative life, and there are other truths yet to be revealed 1911. This was to celebrate the birthday anniversary of his mother, to those who keep the laws and commandtrying to solve problems that have withMrs. Julia Druce. There were about forty stood the test of time since the world bements already made known to them. people present, including members of, the gun, as it were, by scientific processes, or "The mystic future with its depths profound" w hat has been, termed by one popular French family. Most of the guests belonged to the as unbidden counted For ground writer "Creative Evolution." In fact he Now ages its veil old Twelfth Ward, Salt Lake City, of which lifts that man may penetrate 4has written a book on the subject,' which is The secret springs the mysteries of fate. organization Mrs. Druce had been a memat least creating a sensation, but- which so Know whence he.i pox! whither he is bound, ber for many years, having lived in that few people will understand that it may not And why the spheres perforjn their ample round." ward ever since the year she came into the do so much harm as it otherwise would. city, in 1861. . A writer in Current Literature for Mrs. Julia Druce was president of the : "M. Bergson addresses himself to the for about Twelfth Ward ReliefVs-S6cietSELECT WRITINGS. most difficult problems., with which the huthirty years: and Mrs. Jemima R. Midgley man mind has to deal, etc. Even'Wil-liaThe above is the title of a new book by a was associated with her, during all that time, James confesses that he does not unas first counselor. The late Mrs. Eliza P. derstand all of Bergson, and adds, 'T doubt Mormon Patriarch William Halls, at the also acted as second counselor, for whether any one understands him all over present time a resident in Mancos, Colorado. Hooper, The work has been edited by Edward H. many years. so to speak." A program of exercises, consisting of Anderson, Editor of the "Improvement Era'' Without going into his philosophy or disand a man well known in Utah, and esneci- -' songs, instrumental music, recitations, readcussing his book, etc., one who knows the was rendered.-Som- e edi ings shofct-- addressev-etc.idlyjn Jlalt Lake .City, for-rejTJftioaisivxin in these beautiful flowers, etc., were presented torial work and excellent ability as a writer. the;" Prophet Joseph Smith feels The book contains a variety of subjects to the guest of honor. Among these was when reading such articles as the one alluded to, and others of a similar kind, that opening with an autobiographical sketch of a verv fine, large bouquet of ros.es, given lo the author which is very interesting and de- tier by members of the old Twelfth Ward it is all vanity as the Preacher says in ecRelief Society. Mrs. T. R. Midglev made clesiastics, "Vanity of Vanities saith the picts briefly the varied scenes and circumPreacher Vanity of Vanities; all is vanity," stances of the true Mormon lifeand char- the presentation address. After a part, of Another verse reads, "One generation acter. The conversion, the baptism, the or- the program, had been given, a very nice dinations, the journey to America'aiid across supper was served. The tables, decorated "passeth away, and another generation Comthe plains; life in Utah, and missions, eTc. with flowers, etc., made a fine appearance. eth: but the earth abideth for ever," etc. These' things are always interesting and A birthday book, was presented by Mrs. b. Some paragraphs-quotein the article reB. Wells, who is an old and dear friend of helpful to others who. have had similar ex ferred to are very, beautiful, 'but not consistent with truth as taught in the Scrip-- ! periences, and peciallvjire such sketches Sister Druce, and, in it, all the people pres- of pioneers, who have helped "colonize this ent 'were requested to write their names, lures or by revelation in these latter-day- s western land. The noble men and women as a remembrance of the occasion. Among of the fulness of times. The Latter-da- y Saints have had such per- Avho have endured hardships arid, peril by the guests, was Mrs,: Mary. Alice G Lam fect teaching in regard to matters that, are land and sea for the. GosjxTs sake deserve bert, also an old and valued friend whom essential to knowledge of the present, and: honor at the hands of those who share in the Mrs. Druce had known since early days in - ' . of salvation hereafter, that thev are more blessings and privileges they have helped Utah. ; : content: than , the outside world, and the to establish and maintain. Shorf speeches were made by Patriarchs A ; of variety subjects are treated upon by Joshua Midgley and George Brooks. Mrs. mysteries that are hidden and past finding the Author, and in an interesting way ; some E. B. Wells, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp and others, out must remain untilrevealed bv Hinf who of them particularly , and the book 'is one also entertained has created all things. us with someppropriate It reminds, one forcibly of the savins in that parents need, not hesitate to put in remarks. At the dose of the evening pro:chddrens hands, or in the. Sabbath School or gram Mr. George Brooks ws asked to dT$ other libraries, miss with prayer. All then went to their Canst thou by searching find out God? Canst "A True Prophet Why? Miracles, Miss- homes feeling happy and confident that they thou find out the Ahnighty unto perfection? It is as high as heaven what canst thoU do? ing Links, Tribute to Caesar, "What Life had en r deeper thail hell what canst thou know? Means To Me." 'These are a few of the Sister Julia Druce is a remarkable womtitles to. The book chapters. contains one an, a fine Anil yet notwithstanding- - the obstacles personality, a woman of research and hundred, and is fifty pages, that impede the solving of mysteries, men printed on as well as study, with a valuable fund Clear, white paper, and well bound in cloth (and women) still go on prying into the many subjects,, companionable presenting a neat, and substantial appear- and hidden secrets of creative life, s President of the Twelfth genial, although they ance Such good books as this one of know-hshe useless it must he after all the brother ow Halls should be encouraged, our Ward, associated with her counselors accumulated property and was successful a 'over-whic-h . eighty-sevent- - May-say- s y m - his-caref- latter--days-thro- ugh . T -- ul -- ." -- . . , . - " joyed-themselve- - oHn-formation.- on 