V of. '51. ' BABY HELEN. 1 M . work which is offered br Chumainnu.1' trom the universities; of learning, that have Its ONE TEAK OLD. all the advantages that accrue 'from origin dates back to 1874. but the Litgreat liand Scientific Circle was not organizeerary braries and associations with the scholars of d-until . f lahy Helen's silken hafr, 1878. the summer colh- -e ; ijO) die world. ( her forehead full and fair,; me o aim ! nnlence ch m Recalling the Round Table brings to mind jrrep. With it's tint of golden- brown, ( lie. o called of an the time, of King Arthur and his knights Minds us liautauqua comprises a cangel's crown, ues hi ionises. designed nr genera! eiiltUile and the Doting father, young and fond; days' of chivalry and romance, the IN int her to the world beyond; rather than for special training." dccd of valor and feasting and of trouLive that your fair- daughter mav .... If are held here and there badours, and the seats of honor, and of Sir ne your own, mrougn tHllr t:t v. in different places which f dl v as nearly Galahad who alone could occupy the as , Helen's the ( eye-of I'.aby the ieneral Meet'-inlaughing plan possible: only man w4io could sit in the Siege Perilf with innocent The scope of the work has attained resurprise. ilous .at the "Round Table," because he was That to her should bc expressed markable projections ,,f comprehensiveness chaste. The Round Table of tlie Chautau-gu- a l ender greetings from each guest and ("jt ntie. mother, now utility comprised in groups of twelve Assembly will be. quite different from secure, l!v your teaching? chaste "and pure, divisions, embracing hundreds of topics. that shown at Winchester, in England, or Peace with Heaven that, free from sin, -tjuite number of n at. men are to iv that of King Edward ill at Windsor some Vou with her may mer in. lectures at the later. Oi;uitantjuaeinbly in Og-de- svventy.yeafs I f thfl coming event the during the vi ek o .mmeucing' of love. irandpa from his heart, Chautauqua AsCalls his baby, "lamb'- and "dove." July 21, and closing Sunday, July 30. sembly is well advertised personally by men Ynd with playful, winsome charms, The lion. Wm. Spry." lovernor of I'tali, and women interested, in the higher educaVo.s th darling to his arms. will deliver the address at the opening, and tion and cultivation of the people of Utah Aunts and cousins, plainly thus, President '"rank .M.J)riggs wilj preside. "f ur Great Ffither carts ro there is little doubt of its success. And it is us; ' 15: 1.M us nieri Ho Hrs embrace 'desip.lble'that I "tali should have the best of Hrdoberts;uillMlehver an W hen we see His. face. on Pioneer nay. July 24. entitled Hisglorious everything.'' L. L. Greene Richards. torical Kvcnts in rtalt's ljstory. This wilt ' certainly be a "Red Letter Day." , ; NOTES AND NEWS. Woman's Day will be Wednesday. July 2f. and the speech of the occasion will be M.r's. Adelaide Jolmson, the sculptor, has . YOU AND I. Prof. lowell. "The Age of Action." by itist retHirned from Rome. hill-idProf. we walked ' Tvler. "Conformity to Environments!-the ::, tain lilies called before, Mrs. MeMahon 'resident of I'tah Federa- It is iww said tobe an established fact held within my apron C (ion of lubs. that women have the right q vote at Parlia::itain lilies score on score, .The one feature' of the Assvmbly that mentary elections in Portugal"; carce could hear you speaking, g was calling in my ear, apjieaL strongly to the writer i thC; "Round u took my hand in Table." When we Tecall-thparting. It 4ias beet) officially announced that an 'great menmd i. tor aye. I knew you, dear. women of the pat, who figured conspicuous- -' International Men's L'nionT to further the hid beside the roadway, I cause of.' woman suftrage has just been ly at the Round able and whose names are you called me "Butterfly." ' :r face grew solemn manlike, formed'. , synonyms for literary and scientific re. i! dared not raise my eye, search, discoveries and attainments, and that I.ong Ago. beloved, those few who have opened up avenues of Polish woiiien of the, City of Chicago You and I. thought along new lines of enterprise and have organized a woman suffrage .society great Unseen beyond us. activity and have thily been benefactors' to' to be known as the; Polish Political Eeague ' en we leave this earth, this sky, ', of America. humanity-- lighting the torches that have w;:! know you by your handclasp, been beacons to the "race when we recall half-hibv my eye? ".Y:7 jvoii hel 'vM, wli'en vTm2'efr"'Gorthe;,"": ......J.lurijig, .ihe ;.anmial Episcopal I)h)0esan ,lhef ev..jvh.Qk leiL,th( V views of ''it if, dear, we framed thoe signals enlightenment, convention in Connecticut a few days ago, ing, and broader know you by your handclasp, include those then we fev. who at the a motion was made by Rev. Edward Livingu to know me "Butterfly," "Round Tableventertained each, other, and as ston Wells, to give women an equal voice iid that fluttered, birdlike, Mr. .it were created from the depths of thought, with 'men in. parish administration. I dared to raise 'my. eye, W e great Before, beloved. ells added that in many parishes women if one may- use the term, ( subconscious) You and I? 'name do a great (leal, if not most of the work. and from this nucleus, call it by what Blanche Kendall McKay. vou Hon-oj will, there came an awakening. It is estimated that from 40,000 to 60,000 be to these great names, philosophers, statesmen, inventors and men and women of people marched in the Votes for Women CHAUTAUQUA ASSEMBLY. superlative genius in all the departments procession in London, June 17. Iady Stout . e are aware that there are a number of mentality that led to superior inventions headed the New Zealand section, while Mrs. 'Fisher, wife of the Premier, led the Austraand skilled labor machinery. r;i I tub people who are not .familiar with lian division, and Mrs. McGowan, wife 'of the term we are using, viz., Chautauqua AsMuch has been done in climbing the ladthe- Premier of New Soutb Wales, walked sembly, in explaining it. definitely one must der of learning, but man has hot yet reached with the delegation from that state. iKreariry go into detail but suffice it to the sublime heights, and yet greatstillthings" the have been done marvelous, and v1) it is an institution of great merit and Teacher "I told you last Sunday-scho" world moves on, and far greater things are i'' vantage. ttiis year it is coming' to abide in Utah yet to come inventions tor saving time and Sunday that T wished each one of you ' would try to make at least one person happy 01 u eek or tendavs and it will be Of great Tabor are helping mCn and women to cul- : ?" Boy: "Yes, to those who attfnd'tlie entire touBe tivate those greater gifts and talents and during the week. Did you miss ; I made grandma happy." "That's he Chautaunua is in a wav sometln'nil. make spiritual progress, in higner attainyou do it?" "1 went to 'hMhe summer schools, vet far in adrahce ments thari rfiave? as yet been conceived of- noble,- - How did ' riai'fflnds.; 'P are -as a people enter- visit her, and she asays she is always happy which we have 'i'iy. oi those schools of ' ' v when she sees I've good appetite: Df- progress and reliable knowledge. v ';:liig in higher'realnis anil i onsidering there" is to be a Chautauqua power to control A school teacher told a pupil to buy a our forefathers, and' unlcnoNvn - )r v - m 1 i ... - I 1 'ranch-assemblie- ! g. l a-- n. ( t ( I ad-dre- ss l " 1 e. -- I I -- -- e ! ' I I ; . d - - ol -- n;-n- t . i 1 ad-vaiicfri- en: - . eyenf t(f one week and more in Ogden, ageiiclels it will be .well to have some information of the unseeiV elemcmts and forces that exist, .grammar. The next day she received this ' iat X is', and how conducted. and are yet to be controlled by the skill and note from the child's mother: "I do not desire for Lulu shall ingage in . rlie. name is derived from Chautauqua ingenuity of man, as I prefer her to ingage in useAssem-blof Table grammar, Round Chautauqua The the in seven Erie from Eake miles I;e, can learn her how to spoke tc:te of New York, and the water is said to will undoubtedly be one of the most ful studise-an- d write properly myself. I have went fascinating features of the gathering, and so and and I cant ufted: States. we who are' figuring in- the activities of the through two grammars myself no good, I prefer her in- me did will . what hear and they' see say to ou?ht'Among the summer schools having a nresent vocal at the. meetings of gage in, german and drawing and take or neral course place nil most bv that eclinsed are transpire . ... f . ...t i - . r r . elaborate , organization of summer school scholars ana protessors or greai .icnuwn "music on the piano." Av-emWy- of Vi ; y, Ukl:...!'. - - . . . . . . 