Un Tlie .. flail: the hands of the Women of Hah jhould CONTENTS. The Holiday" Season Relief . THE HOLIDAY SEASON. ..The Editor Gatherings Sketch of Julia P. Lindsay ..." -- 43 .43 . and News'.'; Editorial: s 42 . Woman's Onward March. '. 46 t ; 47 48 ." Official Announcement "Life Lines" Editorial Notes Wedding Reception 44 44 44 the Bee "Hive 45 House 45 ; In Memoriam Poetry: To Those who Mourn.. . .Kate Thomas 41 ." 41 Lines by Mrs. Howe "Julia Ward Howe. Dead". .!. :.Rey. Dr. Antionette L. Brown Blackwell 41 1 I at--, -- Temple Hymn ...... Emilie Musser 43 The Prophet's Birthday Hat tie C.Jensen An Evening Walk Annie Kay Hardy 43 A 4--3 TO THOSE WHO MOURN. Beyond the blue, The Shining City lifts its gleaming head, Peopled by those whom, ' grieving we called dead. -- 0 white with, glory, Xe'er Aa.live.as..naw. down the space that intervenes, Can whisper to us all what Comfort means. Y Kate Thomas. And looking Perhaps there was more jollity and friv olity this year in Salt Lake than heretofore, but there are more people and more entertainments. "The city is more thickly settled and there are more places, more resorts of various kinds and it will naturally be more puzzling for the young people to select, even with the help of wiser heads, the best companions and safest places lo enjoy the merriment and festivities of thedioliday week. The young people in the mutual associations are provided with all care and thought for these occasions, and need have no doubts or apprehensions, if they are in the line of duty; for others outside of like institutions who drift hither and thither there is great linger;. especially those-awa. . LINES BY MRS. HOWE. Lines from a poem read by Mrs. Julia Ward Howe at the celebration of her birthday by the Xew England Women's Club, in Yes, I've had a 1905. lot of birthdays, and I'm grow- ing very old; That's why they make so much of me, if once the truth was told. And I love the shade in summer, and in winter love the sun, And I'm just learning how to live my wis- dom's just begun. . Don't trouble, more to celebrate these natal days of mine, .. But keep the grasp of "fellowship which warms us more than wine. l et rs thank the lavish hand that gives world ; " beauty to our eyes, And bless the days that saw us young, and years that make us wise! y from home influences. , "What asked. is The question frequently shall we do with our girls? What shall we do with our boys ?" AJLsorts of theories are submitted thraugSTEe public press, but the real pAiiaea has not yet been found has done more in Mormbnism, this line of parentage and caring for one's own than other systems, not withstands ing the people having been driven from place to place and building here and there; . so-calle- "JULIA WARD HOWE DEAD " By Rev. Dr. Antionette L. Brown Blackwell. Xot dead! That vice that stirred the world than the roar of cannon hurled With thunder's.echoing; that subtle power -- ... More-deep- ly Moves on td fruitage, like the dropping flower. The farthest reach "of human life has known Her quickening touch, by ;sown; - Word-symbo- ls Yet world-swe- pt ": zephyrs V-'- -'' are but mind's still Ibalting sigh, truth's great words, heartfull, can never die: Each doer or deeds; greater is Wind must persist to serve our higher needs; gaining strength claims earth, and sea, and than-word- - '.'air, ; is ranging, guiding factor everywhere. Its lofty spirit, conscious, living soul, Is sovereign power, in Nature's complex roll; The God of Nature's own hnnk God that Life and Mind have never died! Elizabeth, N. ., Oct. 18, 1.910, : . " ' 1 No. 6. known manv gather from foreign lands) for all that ,can. be dpne to help them forward has been sought for and much achievcd.If in anything we are lacking it is in the industrial lines; at one time we had good success in the silk industry which gave employ, ment to many,' but in consequence of circumstances it has lain dormant of late. We have, an army of nurses trained under the women physicians here; and domestic science is taught in all our schools and institutions of learnimr. f maliciousness. . think they sense the thorns upon His brow, 1 TheSiHrit of Christinas and the advent of. the new year bring with them more or less, rejoicing, and good fellowship that gives zest to whatever is undertaken of a private or public nature ; yet in a way it is somewhat strenuous, and we archill sort of relieved when the pastimes and many requirements marie upon the homes and the public are over, if we have satisfied our own con-- , sciences and are at peace with neighbors and friends,-inot with all mankind. - Really most of us toyal vonien folks do our best and, we are more or less practical and quite unselfish. We love our friends sincercjy and we are aiming ta.be just, as well as generous in bur exchange of tokens of love ami family greetings. In good works and deeds of kindness, the Latter-da- y Saints ought to lead out. we have had more truths taught us concerning the Savior and His advent upon the earth than any other people. If we as a people cherish unkinrincss and ill- fcelinc when we onirht onlv to have love to- ward 'all men it will recoil upon ourselves and we shall be the victims of our. own -- , Social S6u-- 41 V . . 4 Lucy Walker Kimball 3 " - Liberty, Society-Report- s- Alberta. Stakes .1 a Power to' tetter, the Home, the Hate and the Nation; SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY, 1911 Vol. 39. il be d., the yet because .of 'the patriarchal rder tin family relations they have held together sacred bonds. the Again, the priesthood unites closely men who hold it, and all who are worthy are included. In this our young men are safe, if they The young women and girls are cared for in auxiliary organizations throughout the Church, and are carefully guided in various labyrinths of life. The system is perfect for protection so far as it is posof" yield-obedience- . all-th- sible. ' ; : 1 '' Educationally, thole who have riot had the here (it is advantages such as schools afford " e This Christmas season and" the New Year were particularly significant of good will and loving remembrances ; although possi' bly not so many' expensive 'presents were given and received as in recent years, and that is better whatever, the cause mav have been.; parties, theatres, weddings, musicales were numerous and to those wlio were mixing in the merry throngs, judging by Society paragraphs this must have surpassed in dress and display any other season in our famous city. Among those who choose the quieter-wayof spending holiday evenings there were many delight full y social home and family gatherings, where meeting and greeting kindly faces and conversing of the home matters, getting near to each other and seeing the new babies ; these are, more delightful than" the grand receptions in the great houses of the rich, even though the halls are hung with paintings from abroad by great artists, and the libraries are filled with choicest volumes. After all new babies fresh from paradise are far more interesting, and more of a study than old paintings, however celebrated the artists. Some of us in this day of hurry and worry do not get acquainted with the babies in our own families. Christmas and New Years are sort of family reunions and that is- right arid proper, but we have some of us social duties we neglect, and excuse ourselves for lack of time, arid yet we are not altogether blameless; we should now and then call upon old friends, we regret occasionally when we hear of their departure to the other side, we excuse ourselves because of trivial things sometimes, but let us try sisters, during this year, some, of the calls we have promised on the friends of former days. This is a good new year, the very best ,we could have,v-gooweather, beautiful snow, fine skating, all sorts of good prospects, the Lord has dealt bountifully with His people, the tiriies are peaceful cer, Saints are at peace tainly the Latter-da- y with all mankind, and the year nineteen hundred and eleven has opened propitiously. Our Elders- - and Women missionaries abroad' and in our own land are doing a good work' and meeting with .suc&ss; therefore we have reason to be glad that the Gospel is spreading, faith' isJncreasing, but yet we have not; as a people: attained to the 'blessing, we might enjoy if we cultivate faith as the vital'principle of our lives, and it is in itself a force, Father Joseph Smith the first . - to-pa- d -- y 