. &...... - x 1 - Churclrwho is'a mother should he member of the Rdief Society, value your incriibefshrp. there istf3thing' greater in the avorld than doing thework the Savior did in an in llTe n, iiting the sick and helping the poor. There .no organization of women in the world so -rent as the Relief Society. Itjs not onlv the r:rt for women, but the greatest because of ;he value of the work done in saving souls." Referred to the work that is taken up in Salt Lake in regard to the wayward girls out on arole from the industrial school, the same v.nrk will be taken up here if it is not already. Also referred to mothers Work. The lectures should be given as much as possible by Relief Society workers. Spoke of the r hautauqua as being educational and advised ajl that could to visit the "Round -- able." ., I.'rayed the of- the Lord would attend all .that ve may feel encouraged and full of joy. President. Taylor invited all to remain for refreshments and enjoy Hour. Congregation sang.' "Zion Stands with . -- -bk- -'svings the-Socia- l ' Surrounded." Adjourned until '2 o'clock after benediction by Sister Sarah E. Brown. Hills : " Afternoon Session President Sarah M. Taylor presiding. After roll calf and prelude, prayer was offered by Brother E. J. Larkin of the High Council. Congregation ang. "Oh, Say, What is Truth ?" Minutes read and approved. President Annie T. Dee of the Eighth Ward gave notice that a prominent woman, Mrs. Owen Wister, traveling and lecturing in the interest of the Civic League would visit Ogden, and invited all to hear her. Also extended an invitation to ail the women of Ogden to visit the "Dee .Memorial Hospital" to see how it is. man- three months. Congregation sang. "God Ik? with you till we meet again." Benediction by Eliza' Rhees of Pleasant View. Elizabeth M. Goddard, Asst. Sec. GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME. (Composed and recited by Mrs. B. S. Goodwin, Beaver, Utah, on the 17th of March, 1911, President Ward Relief Society and Hand Cart veteran of 1856. 1 1 ... home life. Brother Eliiah Larkin of the Hitrh Coun- - en. paid a high tribute to motherhood, and the kindness of the sisters to the missionary boy, and the great, good done by Relief S ciety work in general. Spoke of the ( hautauqua, that it would be held during the. month. It is for education. and development and would also be entertaining in a ..'V :' usical way. Musical selection, the Misses Wright. ' Sister "Edna May Davis of the General f anl advised, the mothers as to the. eloth-"- 'r that should be worn by the daughters .'of: Zion in going througjjf the temple. Should be plain and neat, not much trimming, but read, some parabeautifully simple,-angraph.- from the .Book of Mormon applicable to. our time. j Sister Annie W. Cannon, President of the 'J'ioneer Stake, wis pleased with the beauti-"- ) spirit that was in our midst. All the sons arid daughters of God. are equal, and v . : ', , . H-l- ' it have worked behind the great mill gates, ten hour 'each dav, shut in here a thousand shuttles tlew at once That made terrific din; am glad we left old Babylon, For L'tah's vales tree A horrre and friends in Denver town- -Is good enough for me 1 1 -o .- RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. xi:i:o st.vkk. n, rampion mountains, Back in my childhood days The heather hills and mossy dells And climbed the Gowany braes. I have seen the great ships anchored ' In the harbor of Dundee, But Utah's vales, her hills and dales Are good enough for me. re-xrt- ed s l ;;',:.-V:'..- . I have gazed on the v , have read of beautiful islands Surrounded by the deep, Where the leaves never fade And the skies never weep. I care not for tropical beauties Or the splendors of the sea The Rocky Mountain valleys Are good enough for the. have often heard of the sunny .south, And, the days of "long ago," 'Others talk of the frozen north, '1 he laijds of ice and snow, Hut the glorious West; I Jove the be5t. N'o fairer can be, J han Utah's snow capped mountain, Ihcy're good enough tor me. 1 The uarterly conference of Xelwi Stake Relief Society' was held March 31. 1011. at Pavson, I "tali. Conference convened at 10 o'clock a. m.. President Eliza J. Dixon presiding. President Dixon made opening remarks, and gave in a report of Xebo Stake Relief Society.4 Siter Martha S. Kapple rejorted the visits made to the various wards during the year, and sjokc words of encouragement to the sisters. Sister Dixon read an article on the duties of the Relief Society. Sister Tompson rejxirted Spanish Fork First Ward in good condition, and lxre her testimony to the truth of the gospel. Sister Jones rejx)rtcd the Third Ward of Spanish F'ork in good condition. Sister Snell the Fourth Ward of Spanish Fork rcjorted in good condition and doing their duty. Recitation by Sister Simmons, entitled "The Shipwreck.0 Sister Broam reported Eureka Ward doing remarkably well tinder their circumstances. Brother Jacob Sharer said he was surprised (after listening to the reports of the various wards) at the amount of good the Relief Society was doing, and the great work they are jcrforming. Said it is the work of the Lord. Sjxke of the influence women have had in the history of the world. President Dixon made a few closing remarks. Morning session adjourned.-- . Continued at 2 o'clock, Prest. Eliza J. Dixon presiding. Sister Martha S. Kapple in charge. After the usual opening exercises. Sister Pickering gave a report of Pay-sohave good attendance, are doing good work. Sister Fbrccy reported Mammoth doing good work, taking care of the sick, and feeding the poor. Sister Greenhalch Santaquin doing good work and prospering. Sister Pierce reported Salem in good condition. Sister Kapple was pleased with the reports of the various read a revelation from wards. Sister-EvanDoctrine and Covenants, given through Joseph Smith to Sister Emma Smith, and aged. Counselor Isabel Foulger spoke upon the ycrament meeting and word of wisdom, giving excellent ideas and thoughts regard-- ' u'.g these subjects! Instrumental music by the Misses Wright. Sister Arhv 15. Lvman of the General Board. Was very much pleased with our Ljjtline work, was quite up to date and was :Jad we had taken up Sanitation, something that is so much. needed. Also pleased with the reports, especially where more families were- visited than were memhers of the nurch. liked the spirit of hospitality, hoped the time would come, when "we would have n; ;re young mothers in Relief Society work. Crged the mothers to train their girls for . . J the Relief Society is open to all good wom-ein it we have much to broaden our mind- -, we improve ourselves and scatter incense to those around. "There are manv evils confronting us. especially the young, then let u get them into our associations and it will be a safeguard to them:". President E. B. Wells was sorrv Siter Jane S.' Richards, on account of feeble health, could not be with us. One who had lalored so long and has done so much good among the weak" and: the tempted, and the needy. The teachers are the backlxme of the Relief Society. To be a teacher is the way to get an education in the work, had been a teacher herself. Spoke of the Woman's Exponent, was the first woman's, paper ptiDiisncd tins Mle ot the Mississippi river, is "a paper all should read, and hoped more would subscribe for it, and hojed the dent would ce that an agent is apjointcd. Bore her testimony to the divinity of the work and of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, also urged the sisters to remember the dead, we have a work to per- torm tor them. Hoped the blessings of the ford would rest upon all. 1 'resident Taylor stated we would do the best we could for the Woman s Exponent to make it a self supjorting paper. Felt highly honored. in having Sifter Wells, and the members of the General Board with us and felt to give them a vote of thanks in behalf of the Ogden Stake, it was a unanimous vote. Conference was adjourned for a 'I - L . n I have seen the great cathedrals, Of rich carvings, and stained glass, With lofty towers, symbols of power, And admired them as I passed. They cannot be compared To our Temples grand and fair. Where God's saints with bended knee, Worship in most holy prayer. commented upon it. Duet by Sisters Gardener and Nebeker, entitled Madaline. Brother Hanks was always pleasechto attend conference of the sisters because the spirit of the Lord is always- wih them. Brother Nebeker said the sisters had the spirit of their work. , Brother Ryde spoke a . ' . ; - I have seen the protestant churches, . , With dome ar.J lofty ,spire, As if to say, come worship this Vay " . .' ; do not agree; Among themselves they I am content to be a Saint That is good enough for. me. . I care not for all of Ghristenem? " short: timeltnd read ial. passage, Jrom Zt Bible where- - it said there was" a time" for all things, praised the Relief Society for their excellent work. Sister Dixon was very -- " V k,.v. 