y. ii i V V Jj XX ' Ballot An the hands of the Women of: Hah should le Tli e Vol. 39. THE TEMPERANCE QUESTION, Temperance Question. . .Jos. F. Smith, 65 . .' Do We Want Prohibition?. .. . . . Aunie Wells Cannon 67 . ;; . ; General Relief Society Conference. A.W.C. 69 The sentiment against th use of alcoholic beverages is everywhere becoming stronger and more stable amo)jg god and intelligent men. The use of Intoxicants is now seldojn if ever urged as a benefit or a'tfecessitv socially or morally. On tho contrary., it is rightfully and most justly condemned as an enemy to social, moral, and religious advancement. It is now' generally conceded that the moral and rd of the community as well as the individual is greatr ly enhance by the. total absence of iritoxi-catin- g " . liquor. V Seventy years ago, thesLord said to His people, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, that "In consequence of evils and designs which do and will exist in !he hearts of in the last days, I have warned you, and forewarn you by giving unto you this word of wisdom by revelation. "That inasmuch as any man drinketh wine or strong drink among you, behold it is not good, neither meet in the sight of your Father, onlyiCHsembling yourselves together to offer up your sacraments before him." To the Latter-da- v Saints, the word of the Lord need.Vno confirmation, 'but it is gratifying to note how science and experience are proving divinity of this revelation. ' Investigations in physiology have demonstrated conclusively the wisdom of this divine declaration: and today physiologists throughout the land arer warning millions of hoys-- and girls of the, evil effects of alcoholic beverages. A few years ago, it was thought that alcohol was $6d for a person exposed to ex-- . treme 'cold weather. A' little liquor, it was believed, would "keep out the cold." Though the Lord had said it was not good, many insisted that it was. The explorations in the north have proved beyond a doubt that the men who used lcon'i. perished of cold before those who abstained from the use of Relief Society Entertainment............. Women and Labor Sketch of. Julia P. Lindsay Sons of Revolution Cheer Women.. Housfjiold -- Hints. v Relief Society Reports: A 70 70 70 72 72 66 72 72 68 .. W. C. Utah .Stake. . . . . . . Granite Stake .,v . . . . . . ..... . . . . . ... . . ............. In Memoriam ....... . and Editorial: Scientists Philosophers. ... -- . Select Writings 68- ....... . . 69 Veteran Woman . . . . .65, 66, 72 News N'otes and .Helen Hunt 65 Some Day Poetry: : 65 . .Lillian Whatcott Mother The Old Stone Church........... A ............. ........ ......... . A Fragment r. Alice . . .. M. Warren 67 67 1 Some day I shall be dead; Some day this tired head, With all the anxious thoughts it now doth know, Shall be laid'lowv - This body, pain-rackeill, Shall lie at length, and still, Under the clover and the wind-sweNor hear you pass. d, " grass, pt or bee! nay! believe 'lhere is no cause to grieve"; One bo wayworn, so sore opprest, ' Is glad to rest. Nay, sweetheart, Perchance when that release 'Hath wrought its spell of peace, O'er this unquiet heart long vex'd with woe Hearts-eas- e may grow. , j W ho loves me will not weep When .that I lie 'asleep, But rather joy to think such sorrow may Havnd some day. . Helen i .; S t . 1 1 tint. MOTHER. li u i l Ill iL. ii. name in an ine earin, .viiiliiiiusi sacren H?w wonderful thy. power to impel humble cottage, palace cell, gand or, prison T name doth arid soothes ecmfort,s" joly ' A - r '.. compel), - ; " i :v- - , otjer mine, to kiss your lips is love divine, your warm breath on my cheek Is rafcr far than words can ever speak; to close upon your breast io 1 4c-- ne.-il- e' n.lflirp'c rliriifAcf cwoptMt rpst Ting's To hear; thy yoice so rich and clear, ipeak words of comfort, love arM cheer, estorts the heart of pain Warmth and emiloe acrai'n kAASA-- A . - - ' - Lillian' Whatcott. j I In fact, so evident have the evil effects of intemperance beepme that colleges, athletes, railroads, and even nations themselves are declaring against it. The lounger, the loafer, the drunkard", the weakeiTecmiaracter, the unfaithful husband, the unreliable father, the ruined manhood nd7 debauched womanhood all testify to the evils ana qegraaaiion lunuwmi; m wake of intemperance. :The recent State jLegislature "enacted a tow?, matrinr" it obhVatorv uoon cities and towns ill Utah to decide by vote, June 27th, whether or not saloons shall be licensed to dispense alcoholic7 beverages. The question in plainly stated isNthis : Will the people eacfi community Continue to condone the says is intraffic in that which the their jurious to :fnan, or will they express .disapproval ofa, business that undermines society, debases IM morals of a community, ' ' and destroys manliood. H temof interest To work thus in h the perance is highly "cornhtendable, and in har Ird :l rcccnt address, Governor O.sborn qf ,Michigan, said: "I believe in woman suf-rage- I hope to see. the question piit to a of the people. I have been a believer ln the many principles of woman suffrage for years." mony with the teachings of.the Church during the. last seventy-eigyears. It is to be 'engaged in a good cause; and the Lord his said Jhat J'Men gaged in a good cause, and do many, things -of their own free will and bring to pass much righteousness; for the pAwer is in ht they are agents unto them-- , selves, and inasmuch as men do good they shall in nowise lose their reward." The best, way to teach temperance is to keep the Word of Wisdom ; and the next , best is to assist others to keep it by removing artificial temptations from their 'lives. Such a temptation Ss the saloon,, and it is time that the sentiment in the communities where the members, of' the Church" Reside should be declared against this souWestroy-in- g them,-where- in . . j , 1 : -- it. t 'love J ? tc That were indeed strange sleep: When even you- - might weep And come and go cveii you unheard of me As bird - . . No. 9. social-standa- con-spiring'm- SOME DAY. A 1911. CONTENTS. " I ip better the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, The NT. .!'' ." aower rr n11 i 'm evil. Let no one suppose for a moment that the k - en , liquor dealers, and their unfortunate, tippling patrons are going to yield the profits of their, traffic, on the one hand, the grati- fication of their acquired and debasing thirst for intoxicants, on the other hand, without a desperate struggle. Those in favor of temperance and the abolition of the drinking saloon as a means to that much desired end, should realize that they will have to meet most alert, wily and determined foes, who will not hesitate ;to use every possible means in their power ta defeat their opponents. -- , Pro-saloonis- will combine, will be ts ac- tive, energetic and determined to defend their craft; while there is danger that their less reopponents, will be less sourceful and alert and thereby fail to match them with that united, intelligent and determined effort so worthy of the temperance cause. Let every man do his duty, as we may well believe every true woman will do hers. (From Editorial in Juvenile Inwide-awak- e, . structor.) JOSEPH SMITH. l NOTES AND NEWS. Tlie women town councilors1 are reported to have won in recent fight in Reykjavik. the capital of ' IcelaiuL For several .days there was a deadlock in the town, council over the lighting of the city. All the men members were in favor of electricity while the women stood solidly' for gas, because they w ished toUsTit for cooking- also. After considerable hesitation the' mayor cast , - : his votewith the women. . The aptitude of women for vocations hav- ing to do with fabrics has gained recogni- tion from one of thcmost famous textile schools in the world, that in Grayfield, Germany. Hitherto only" men students have 'been admittedr but, the bars have been lowered and in behalf of an American girl, Bessie Bennett, assistant director of the ChicInstitute and curator of the museago-Art Already" well versed in textilessh'e,. follow- - special courses in the German' neaa or, tne institute on invitation ot.-tn- um. will e School. ' ; ' 1- -- 