mi- t 'y. v:..r. EXPONENT; " ' of hnn tlie nonie,seeds which will innj legislature of the nine hour law for. women trueinian,e In this that has been done, we see ji'tstifi- 'The child l:a naturallv heard of the uill be done in cajtion for the heme. UJak-a- ll. w.f)rld,Hit what does it all mean? Cuthe future that tin ardent advocates of of the native instincts. riosity, 'which woman's welfare can justly desire. ;is aroused. The Kindergarten is one of the uvcr-worfor women, then, stands confirst places that thi curiosity jV .gratified.. I'Yom the Here there are other children with no more demned from all standouts. physical,, as affecting the health of the in- - experience than he himelf has. IAen-- ' Prnm thing, is new "and lilTerent to. anything be(hvi(hi:il nitn the wHf:ire nf the intellectual, as affecting tlie "mental culfore experienced. Mow js the Kindergarten ture of women and its reflection on pos- teacher going to connect these newlv ' terity. From tlie moral, as a natural outthings with the previous hve ot of the named. conditions two growth just ljie.se. children r "Kegin with the line of For li&e rank weeds and noisome growths, interests, and offer him objects that ' unwholesome in thrives dank, immorality have some immediate connection with these. while mental and physical surroundings, Next, step by step, cofi-"edp vr1nnmMit rind tnvrrp.' univt theis If with these firt object- - and experiences' the basis and determining force of true the later obfecN and ideas which you wih Prom the religious,- because the to instil. Associate the new. with the old v morality. utter wtar.ness of the week's work weighs in some natural and telling way, so that down the spirit, and prevents the feeling of 'lie interest, Ju'ing shl along from point grateful devotion that Clod expects of those noint. fmallv suffuses the entire system who -- worship" Him. of objects of thought." James. Now that we have in our hands the legal What does the teacher occupv in instrument for emancipating women froni the' child'splace comprehension of this, to him," the drudgery of over-worthere is one danIs there anything in the vast unknown? I wish to call which to in attention, ger child's previous life to which the teacher's conclusion. Enlarged lihertv and power alposition is similar? The first step the teachways carry their responsibilities. We are er must take is to get the child's love and now placed where we must reckon more confidence, then her influence in the Sunday closely witlf'the great industrial and' social School will be much like that of the mother forces of the day. What effect the sweepin the home. The child will .naturally look ing changes in' hours and conditions of t ) her for help in trouble and the hundred . women's work that may result from the and one other things which momentarily new law, will have on the relations of the 'aTi'se. This then is one of the first tens in women and their employers, we can not uniting the unknown with the known the Micii-iiui.s uMiuuioji, li seeius i nie, win the role of "mother." heed to be closely watched, lest either of the assuming It is necessary for the teacher to study two parties take undue advantage of it. ach individual child his previous life and Then we are confronted with the great surroundings, the different influences that problem, rather social than industrial; and have been brought to bear on him in order too large to be more than mentioned here, of the use the girls will make of the greater to understand what his "native interests" leisure given them. Therein is the largest are and the manner of approach that it will be necessarv to adont. For some children r increased responsibility Leisure 'Avi.Il t suffice for the teacher simple to nod may be a curse or a blessing; and in the ind smile pleasantly or give a friendly pres 5cr"be'foTemiTs e are under obligation-tdo all in our power to 'substitute tor the sure to. their hand. Thie is especially true in those who are naturally timid. Others weary, grinding work of long hours, condi- - will allow the teacher to catch them up in tions and environments that will make for the physical, mental, and moral welfare of her arms and shower kisses on their rosy these girls of ours, who are cur present joy lips, while such an approach to a timid child would so frighten him that all farther effort and the rtice's future hope. S. A. 1). to gain his confidence and love would be fruitless. Kach child must be made to feel THE HOME AND THE KINDERGARTEN. that there is a place in the circle which only he can fill, and that when his chair is vacant How can we make the Kindergarten build both teachers and children miss him. on to the home life of the child and further The child should lie taught by example his to have reverence for the Kindergarten develop religious nature.. "In keeping the attention of the child r room and furnishings. This reverence can i.egm witn trie line ot Ins native interests, be obtained by having a "Sunday Atmosand oiler him objects that have some imphere" there. If there is that quiet, peacemediate connection with these." James.. ful, subtle, indefinable something, in the The child conies to the Kindergarten room no fear need be entertained that the straight from his mother's arms. His home child will not be influenced by it. Quiet surroundings have been his world his uni- sacred' music, subdued tones of the, teacher's verse. It is there that seeds of love voice, soft neutral' tints in the furnishings, wtv.uuMi an whii. 11 ib mere mat nis inspiring pictures, all aid hi making possible fu st lessons in faith have been taught faith that for which the Sundav School was orui the losing tender administrations of a ganizedto make Latter-da- y Saints of the tnother whose he is. It is there children. at that mother's knee that the first prayer-haThe natural instinct of faith in the child been lisped to his Heavenly is one of the most beautiful things in the Father. Such are the tender spirits which world. In the ideal 'Kindergarten room how come under our care as Kindergarten teachmuch more easily will this.side of the child's ers, and, we, realizing- this, should, onlv af- nature The teacher .grow and develop. ter the most careful and prayerful prcpara- - should encourage the children to ask (?ues- nis. iv);umuuuv 01 tions of the sun and the birds and in the mind and heart, of the child those flowers and all of God's stars,, wonderful creations. - - out-'tsid- . K . ihr-rart- ed his-nativ- e ct -- - t. k, answer God so loved His children that lie wanted them to be happy so I te made these beautiful things for them just as pur earthly parents 'do all in their power for bur pleasure. If there is a child who has. b'eui ill he might be asked if the. Elders were called to pray for him. Others would be anxious then to tell how they have leen hleed ' and a beautify lesson on prayer in faith with its answer might he given with as to the child as the testimony meetings-are to us. much-benefi- " The beautiful relationship between' parents and children in the home the implicit faith in each other can be developed and ' broadened to include that of God the Father of all. Mere again we go from to the unknown, and appeal to the child's native interests for what is of greater importance to the child than the faith in and love of his parents. Religion does not limit itself to mere texts of words. God is Love and if we Kindergarteners can nourish the seeds of love and trust and faith that God Himself planted in each child's heart our work will not be in Vain although the fruits are not matured until years afterward. the-know- Nellik. . . - the-firs- all-in-a- i - t ll , s All-wis- J- Xevada and the measure will now be mitted to the voters. . sub- The women of Zurich Canton. Switzer- land, have been granted equal suffrage with'-- ' the men. The measure was voted into force bv an election of the people without opposition. The Central Labor Union of Philadel phia, at its meeting a few days ago, voted unanimouslv in favor of an amendment to the State Constitution to enable women to vote on equal terms with men. Welleslev College has decided to take up the study of woman suffrage., in its economic course. It is their purpose to show the girls in the class rooms what are the forces at work in the industrial 'world which of them make for progress and .which for decay. ; Political The Women's League of Spokane, Wash., among other, things, will ask for the appointment of women as police, officers, for the protection Xon-Partis- an of women', women probation' officers, matrons for the city jail, and a municipal hpnv: for men and women. Word comes from Sweden that most of the thirty-fiv- e women recently elected to town councils are teachers, who are highly appreciated not only for their pedadogical work but for having devoted themselves their work as overseers of the poor and as members of boards of education. . -- tr . e. - !".;. A woman suffrage J)ill has passed both rife Assembly and Senate, of. the State of I part-of'ou- "--"- ".V X3 NOTES AND NEWS. -- The executive committee of the Chamber of Commerce of Denver has taken up the question of forming a woman's auxiliary of that organization. Mrs. Sarah Piatt Decker declares that if women can be organized in d this wav, all sorts of industries will be .':- ':.' in that city. ios-tere- - - - 4r ... iv 