'.. disregarded; C there can be; no .restraining injliience f Instructing is . i,iU, the Gospel that seems to'-u'- s who are so well acquainted with it familiar now, it was rather startling to hear the "Mormon" Klders quoting from Isaiah and Eze-kiand Daniel and so on, and some of us have almost 'forgotten these first lessons in the Latter-da- y work; and we only talk of the prevailing every-da- y topics usually; hut now and then the attention is called to prophecy, and it brings before us the marvel that has actually taken place before .our. very eyes of that which is like magic and yet a positive; reality 'The pjd Testament is replete with nas- sages significant of events transpiring around us, and thoughtful people cannot help now and then calling to mind the solemn .significance of some of these remarkable sayings that have a direct bearing upon the conditions of the days in which the present generation are living. For instance we find recorded in the Book shield the unwary f: ,,ni 'the pitfalls that lead downward; and "unless some powerful resistance is brought t bear the wild course wilLend in mi0ry. brought to. bear that-wil- l ej and destruction. Saints there seems t very safeguard possible thrown around the until of both sexes, and what more or better, methods can be devised than havcalr ready been instituted and put in practice. g and 'ravers and faith and do these almost watchfulness, 'vigilance ;if in .t avail with alMhe educational training in the school, the Sabbath School, the Mutual Improvement Associations, what can be Among the Latter-da- y s home-trainin- 1 dune?. There x is no :.:im -- , pther people that pays more attention, if as much, to the rising generatSaints ; seemingly ion than the .Latter-da- y the children of the Saints are hedged about with every protection possible; here and there for obvious reasons there may be Ironies where there is not the- discipline per haps that ought to. exist, and perhaps not the devotion, the faith, the prayers, but such homes are the exception and not the rule: then why is this maddening rush for vanity that undermines the health, that deprives the life of its best perservative qualities and of Nahnm the following: "The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall jostle one against another on the broad ways; they shall run like lightnings." Could a belter description of automobiles be given than this ancient prophecy recorded in the Scriptures, more than two thousand years ago? It really ought to be convincing proof to those who doubt the Old I'ible, that there were prophets taught of the Lord-ithose ancient times. With the great progress being made in the present age, what may we not look for, in the way of improvement, even now the people that are going to and fro make one wonder at the possibilities of travel and transportation. . - leaves weakness, unsteady nerves.' and provokes a restlessness that only the rush of excitement satisfies and that but momen- " tarily.'' These are questions we cannot answer, and only, the wisdom that. comes from on ligh can inspire parents, teachers, and those .who have charge of young people to keep an "eternal vigilance" .over the youth of ion it is said eternal vigilance is the price (if liberty but where there is not only libincenerty but license one might say, and and pitfalls on every tives to wrong-doin- g hand to be shunned and the innocent and not "of I h e ' deception - o f unsuspe and the betrayers of virtue, what can be done to arrest the progress of the ! . . ; evil-doe- rs THE FULFILLMENT OF PROPHECY. We who are living now are seeing wonders transpiring almost daily before our very beeyes, and the rapid movements that are ing made in vehicles of all kinds of varieties not only bring to mind Mother Shipton's prophecies, that are so frequently alluded to, .but the thoughtful people, who believe in the scriptures recall prophetic sayings of the Prophets of old : The modern methdds of travel are indeed astonishing, and it would seem that ere long one may really fly hither and thither at will; yet we know nature has not so provided, but invention and ingenuity have achieved such marvelous results that one stands amazed, not knowingnvhat may soon be accomplished bain, coupled with by the, wonder-workin- g the compelling forces so recently brought into control by complicated processes of man's power over matter. And all these things that are in a way coming about by natural skill, and ability of mankind, are in the fulfillment of the prophecies recorded in the Scriptures, and have been foretold hun' dreds of years ago. :.'''.' In the earlier days of the Church, wjien the Elders were preaching among the peo- ; EDITORIAL NOTES n The League which did good vvork.for. prohibition did not succeed in closing the saloons as we hoped to do, and ardently desired, hut it has paved the way for the greater work which is to follow, and to those 'who were zealous and worked diligently much credit is due, and certainly the effect of such a campaign cannot fail to produce results beneficial to those who took part and the victory will.be achieved sooner or later for the wave of temperance is in the air, and will eventually cover this country. Notwithstanding the opposition is strong and there are more against it than for it, and there is money in favor of saloons, yet the right in any cause is more than dollars and cents. When there are no more saloons other crimes will be lessened, as has already been proVen in the state of Kansas; and the people will be more prosperous, and the Lord will more abundantly bless the land'for the sake of those who love righteousness Anti-Saloo- . . -- and hate iniquity ; and strong drink is a compelling force in the cause of evil, and the downfall of innocence and purity, and the curse of cities and of nations. An uncommonly large number of wed dings have been solemnized in the Salt Lake Temple during the month ot June tins year, athomeaftenvards. with These marriagesf our young people are considvery gratifying to the parents, and ering the number of Temples now in Utah it seems there is no excuse, for the young Saints men and women of the Latter-da-y to marry outside the Temple. There is no wedding-reception- s , ceremony, of marriage mcjrc perfect qrjnorc .beautiful in alj its details than the ceremony in the Temples. There is a sacrcd-nes- s there .that' is not felt outside the Temple. With the coining of summer and the really hot weather most of the women's clubs adjourn and many women and children hie them away to the. mountain resorts to rest and recruit, and enjoy the luxury, of cool shades and refreshing breezes. Our1 mountain retreats, canyons and vales are most delightful places in which to escape for a time from the rush, hurry and hustle of busy city life, for we really are living in what seems to Salt Lakers quite a large modern city, .we. who have lived lure many years hardly realize its growth, it has been so gradual, but if one. pauses longTnough to consider what has been, and what is today one can readily feel the upward trend towards busy, city life with many prevalent vices and boisterous noises, that so oppress one and a licet one's nerves, no wonder those who can run away to the mountains ami vales, where it is possible to breathe freely and sleep well, and come back refreshed and invigorated to withstand the tumult of a great city full of busy activity, bustle and confusion. The advertisement in this issue of the paper of a class in Nursing and Obstetrics calls to mind the great need there is of the help of this kind for those who cannot afford to pay the high prices of professional nurses who have given years of time to practical study. Really it is an established fact that every woman who looks forward to motherhood should have some, know ledge of the physiology of her own body more than that which is taught in the school-room- . Therefore we approve of all.young, women taking a course of study' in nursing. .It is also quite necessary, especially in. country places to have competent midwives, and we believe that- - for all women vomai physicians are best, tl is good that we still in-lle- ed have a few graduated women physicians, and it is much to be regretted that there are so few of them By all means let the Relief Society encourage our sisters to study obstetrics and pass a medical examination, so that help can be obtained when needed among the people. Knowledge is power is as true now as it ever was, and a knowledge of one's own body is of the utmost consequence to every woman, married, or single. IN MEMORIAM. Sister Elizabeth Yates died at Salt La4:e City, Utah, on December 31st, 1910, where brief funeral services were- held, presided over by the Bishopric of the Emerson ward, after which the remains were sent to Scipio, 'Milliard County, for burial At a regular meeting of the Relief Society at the Emerson Ward, held Jan. 3rd,' 1911. read and The following resolutions were ' adopted: - '. RESOLUTIONS ' OF RESPECT. Whereas, pur Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom, called from our midst, on Saturday. December 31st, 1910, Elizabeth F. Yates; be it Resolved, by the officers and members of the Emerson Ward Relief Society, of which Sister Yates was a faithful, member, that we deeply mourn her loss, and that we greatly appreti ate the purity of her life, her wise counsel. wrorthy example and the sweet influence of her noble character, furthermore, be it . . 