WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7!?rJW"1.n'f.ilrrH YwrAtiX disease, more than, two' days in her life, until her last illness, duringwhich time she suffered no oain ;;ru fjnaiiy passcu away in ner sleep. ; She was a . very industrious am energetic wonian. always doing something. As a. Church u rker she was very active. When the Relief Society was organized in May, 1868 in Brig-h-iCity, eight teachers were called and Sister i:.othe was one of them. She acted in this calling until March, 1878, when the Relief Soci-(i- v was organized into a stake capacity, and J.e was called to fill the position of first counselor to President Harriet A. Snow. She was alo called to preside over the Relief Society nf the First Ward on the same day, the latter position she filled with honor for over 20 years, paining the love and esteem of all her sisters m ami as counselor until President She continued Harriet A. Snow's death, in 1890, when she, was rt leased from the stake hoard, but still continued as president of the First Ward, until .Nov. 13th, 1898. when .she was appointed President of Box Elder Stake Relief Society, after the death of President Olivia Widerborg. This position she held until the time of her death. Sifter Boothe was a true Latter-da- y Saint, her convictions of what was right. She was always prompt, energetic and an indefatigable worker. She' never disappointed in one inglc instance when called to a duty. She was charitable towards all, had a cheery disposition, and always met her friends with a smile. She was a noble character, and her memory will live long in the minds, of those who knew firm in and loved her. From her co-work- er. Ada r?r (rganist. M-adse- Lizzie Wright, Chorister. SPARE MOMENTS. Y'"'U will, naturally ask what spare mo- ments have mothers? Truly, not many, but'. I. will endeavor to- - place before you a few ivs in which a little more time-mabe given her. The first thing is order, and system in the home. Aphce for everything and everything' in its place, and a time for everything, each day to have as far as possible its appointed w-- work. ; . Every one should be trained to put things away after using them. Children are apt to be careless in this, and throw things down for mother to put ayvay. Check this tendency at the time if possible. Train them to look around and see what i required, and do it without being told. A great deal "of the cause .of mothers presence is due to want of proper training the children when they are young. Children like to be busy, therefore direct their energy! ..' A baby of two years is delighted if ,he can carry anything to the table for mother, r help her in any way encourage this, f and as they get older set them certain things to do, that they recognize as their rights, and. never infringe, on it of allow another ' child to do so. , T think a great, want in the Kindergarten is the. failure to teach the little baching "tots" to use a needle and thimble. They u'ould at that time be only too glad to learn t as play, and the advantage it would be in later years would, be unquestionT able, as- it would five them a love for sew1 fr - " : ; ' ; to-the- inrr Jhe i Vi usual practice of allovving the chil- - I ren to run wild as soon as school, is out Ihe dirt ' will be, isoaking out and a slight is a source of a great fleal of the trouble in nib .and rinse will make it ready for ironthe management of the. children today. Do ing and at another, spare moment you pan not" prevent children having play, but let it lay the, pattern. ,on and cut it out and it will lead to useful knowledge. Teach little u in uu; "vi,iu evening alter tne girls to dress their dolL crochet clothes for children are gone to bed! Let the them. A skein of yanis inexpensive, and. help you in the sewing. It Is fittiwr them will givejhem hours of useful amusement, for their future. Teach them life is learned and prevent them running the streets or and not intended for a round of oleasure living, at neighbors' houses. and folly. Let them have a cnance now and It wilLsave the mother a great" deal of then, to go to an amusement but do not dirt .in- the house. Our children bring let ' them expect to- - be away from home in the house, and cause enough every evening, and mother enough dirt doing the work. untidiness without all 'the neighbors' chilHome should be the home of the family dren making a thoroughfare of your home. and not a place where mother is the family Teach the children to find their amuse, drudge. It should be everylxxly's to and ments interest in things at home. Our help mother, she should be the first duty yards in this country are large enough for if father impressed this more all the recreation they need. Put up a 'emphatically on the children it would have swing, and a teeter totter, I think they call a salutary effect. it, for them and while the older ones are There should be a oneness in the home. To make our own wishes subservient to the helping mother peel potatoes, r various things', the litlte ones will amuse needs of the; others. Laziness in the chilthemselves and mother will liave more dren leads to bad companionship, which is time to arrange her work. the stepping stone to every vice under the Let it be understood that the little ones sun. Or. Walls says Satan finds some misgo to bed at 7 or 8. o'clock, and that" mother has jiothing to do' after supper. chief still for idle hands to do: And why That is her work time for, the family, and should mothers le the only busy hands in the time she can enjoy the society of her the family circle? Is it justice, I ask? In husband.Jas night 'sLJ)cscrct Nnvs there was the Let all the children, great and small, unfollowing paragraph: der fourteen years, be in bed at 9 o'clock, "Giildren should Ik? taught to depend and no question or disputing about it. Nevtijx)n themselves and also that they are er allow children to encroach on each others just as responsible for making home happy rights in wearing their gloves, ribbons, etc. and pleasant as are the' older members of v A great dcaLef time isdost-dlooking .for tiie family."-Therefore, you see the mothers spare things that somebody has used and not put moments and opportunities depend greatly away. When my children were young we had uponjhe other meml)crs of the family. an old servant who, if ""any thing was left Trusting that some good may be gleaned about of the childrens, she hid it, and gave from my remarks and that God will bless them the trouble bf looking for it. When the mothers and. give them wisdom to bring asked about it she would say, Miss Mary, uy iiicii ciuiiucu, in m nicy can itseii if you put it &way you would know where their burdens in these strenuous times, is r f. T: - have to do, to find it, with all the work-iiana inj pi ityei nr inc naineui "jesus. I cannot take care of your things. Francis. t If the children help in these things it will give many spare moments to the mothers ; RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. and if rightly used will help her considerably.' Have something always ready to take ENSIGN STAKE. ' Never be without a up at a moment. Minutes of conference of Ensign Stake mother's necessaries, viz., Cotton, black and Ward white, needles, thimble, bodkin, tapes and a Relief Society, held in Twentieth 1 101 2 , at p. m. pair of good cutting scissors, which are to meeting house, January 27, A. Romnev Stake President Margaret be kept religiously for mothers use only. . I once read an article Mn which it said presiding. Singing; prayer by Dr. Maggie it was a husband's duty to see that his wife C. Roberts, Singing. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp vas always supplied witH a good pair of then lectured on the subject of Adolescence, scissors and sharp knives for use. If a or the transition period of our children. A vocal selection, by Ssircr Schofield. mother always has' her work tools ready President Emmeline R. Wells then adshe can take many a stitch in a few spare dressed the meeting. Referred to the matmoments, but I fear in most homes, this particular part of the household appliahces are ter of dress in early days in Utah and at th? for everybodys use, and consequently can present time, and advocated moderation of and taste in the selection arid make-u- p . never be found I knew a lady who used to go back and our apparel.: She recounted an instance of one who had the reputation of being well forth to business, in a train, a dressed in very earlv"days in MissourL with chiljourney, and T know she knitted her which' she wore" all dren twelve pair of black wool stockings in but one calico dress, veck and carefully washed and ironed Sat-- . those spare moments. If you have ironnig to do, keep your irons urday n ight and . on the Sun day, was comon all days and whenever you have a spare Uo iiot be depressed in spirit, she sautrtor moment iron an article. x bad effect on the household. It Most mothers make over a large, garment it has a be a good thing to invite to these to fit. a smaller child, never troublexto un would conferences the officers pr the Young pick it, cut the seams off and iron your on. It wilK Ladies' and Primary Associations, as thosc n cloth flat afid put alorganizations reallyxhad their inception save- time, especially if your irons are frtwivour societyXThe ten cent tund, she ways ready: If the cloth rcquire$ 'Washing in our So jjii5at importance coat it with a good soaping of Naptha soap said, of it the Genera Society has and while you are doing something else. cietv ; forout 1 - con'sid-erationr'a- -- and-othe- . - Emelia D. Mad-senFirst Counselor. a Erheline P. Watkins. Second Counselor. Mary J. Harding, Assistant Counselor. Annie H; Leatherwood, Secretary. Rose H. Neeley, Asst. Secretary. Lula B. Call, Corresponding Secretary. Fanny Graehl, Treasurer. , ' 55 pi . - i n - '.' 1 -- -- . ' it-- . . . when-needed- half-hour- 's . - , - your-patter- - if v nd 