4'8: - , : rrr RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. - , ' ALBERTA STAKE. , . (Conti.uei trom Paok 42.) to. stand- up and. preside with digmtvand ' never sayr "f have nothing to say that will . . - edify," after having asked our heavenly Father for His aid. Stake President Mary J. Ilinman very mtiTh appreciated the presence and gofxl'ad-- . vice of Aunt Mary, said we would hear a report this afternoon. from Our representative who was in attendance at the recent Re-liSociety conference held in Salt Lake City, exhorted the sisters to do all in their power to cut. down family expenses and as sist their husbands in obtaining the means' to complete our stake tabernacle, which is '. . " ei 'so much needed. Missionary Mary E. Smith felt to rejoice in the spirit of the conference and for the presence; of Sister .Woolf. Said this is a leautiful world, and it rests with us to make our lives beautiful. There is work for all to do; let us each do our part cheerfully. Sister Adelaide Hunt, a former resident" of Cardston, spoke.of the great work that the Relief Society is capable of accomplishing, and the help it was to her in the early days of Cardston. Bore testimony tojhe truth of the Gospel. Sister Sarah Kasthopc, one of our aged sisters felt grateful for the blessings of the Gospel and for the dear sisters who are capable of giving us such good counsel and advice ; felt well paid for coming twenty miles this monung to attend this conference. Sister Payne, another aged sister who had also rode twenty miles to attend this conference, felt very grateful for this privilege of listening to the instructions given; felt the Lord had, greatly blessed her in health. President Ella 'Nelson of the Woolford branch, bore testimony to the truth of the Gospel and the good that is being done by the Relief Society where we have the priv; -- ileges advancing in many-ways- Shetherr : blessed the sisters present through the gift of tongues. The interpretation was given by ister Elizabeth Hammer. The sisters then adjourned to" main hall, where Sister Woolf was again requested to speak to the brethren and sisters. Closed by singing Doxology. Benediction by Elder William Steed. The afternoon session convened at 2 p. m. Stake President. Mary J. Ilinman presiding. After the usual opening exercises, Stake Counselor Lydia J. Brown gave an address of Welcome to all present, prayed that we may have a continuation of the good Spirit which we so much enjoyed in our morn, ing meeting. Assistant Stake Secretary Rhoda Duce gave a report of the meetings held and the instructions given recently at the general conference of the Relief Society in Salt Lake City. Said among other things was shown the necessity of testimony bearing as to the divinity of the life and works of Jesus Christ and the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, also spoke of the duties of Relief 'Society teachers. Let them be instructors of some good per-- . thig taining to "the Gospel that a good spirit may be left in the .home's of those whom Also spoke : of other duties they visit. jteachers are called upon to perform. Alluded to the recent death of our beloved Present Bathsheba ' W, 'Smith.' President Emmeline P. Wells had said. let her mem- semi-annu- al . fresh" in Our hearts, artel '". speak often of her good dee'ds. Miss Lavejna yilcpx gave a piano solo. Sister Mary L. Woolf spoke of the good : spirit and influence felt here today; was to character, for ve lo not' always -- lw stand. :" .,- -' under-- : .. Patriarch Henry L. Hinman had enjoyed listening to the report from headquarters.' Felt that Sister Emmeline B. Wel(s is the right one to lead this Society. Although she is aged, she is very capable and in possession of all her faculties. She is one of the links which bindJhe past, the: present and4he future together. The;' Relief Soci- ety should support her with tneir faith and prayers. Said she was acquainted witlTthe Prophet Joseph Smith and others who have gone before, and he believed her prayers would prevail with them in the heavens, for the benefit of those of us who remain on the earth. Felt glad for the presence of Aunt lary Woolf.. Missed very much not having Uncle John Woolf with us also. Felt to bless the sisters of the Relief Society. Bishop Dennis E. Harris had very much enjoyed listening to the good things which have been said, exhorted parents to have a watch care over their children and keep them off the streets. President Mary J. Ilinman made the closing address, earnestly reminding the sisters about gathering grain, etc. Said conference would adjourn for three months. Closed by singing, "God be with" you till grateful for the many expressions of kind regard uttered in her behalf. Referred to the noble band of sisters, who. preside at the head of our Relief Society ; said the last time President Bathsheba Wv bmith presided in. public (Wing her lifetime, in her ..address to the sisters assembled in conference, her voice being weak, her Counselor, Ida S. Dusenberry. stood by her side, and said, Sister Smith wishes me to saw we have heard the expression, that we go up the to a certain age, then ladder until go down on the other side, but she wished to say to us, we should go on up, up, until we step off into eternity. President Smith's life ended in just that way. Sokt; of the blessings to be obtained bv keeping the Word of Wisdom. Missionary Sarah B. Daines was pleased with the 'presence of Sister Woolf felt she really belonged to us. Spokeon the subject of kindness ; said let us cultivate kindness and charity for each other, and of the good to be derived through attending these meetr ings ; said officers of Primaries and Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement associations we meet again." , Elder would be greatly benefited by listening to Benediction by Manly Brown. the lectures on mothers' work, which would Jane W. Bates, Stake Secretarv. assist them in their work among the children. Felt grateful for the gifts of the -- -- we-ge- t ; - . Gospel. A vocal solo was given by Miss Etta Dowdle. entitled "Dreaming of Home and : The Votes for WonTen Club of San Fran-;cMieves that it has the voungest sufMother.'' fragist in the world as a mem1er. She is Missionary Elizabeth I. HairTmer reportuth Brewster Carver, aged two vears. ed members of the stake board having recently visited, the Society in all the wards Her grandmother, Mrs. Henrv T. Brooks. but one, found them all in good working Proposed her name for membership, and he was unanimouslv elected. The club order; said it is a pleasure to'have Aunt Mary with us again ; they have lived neigh- - do boasts among its members Mrs. Dora pionccrdays of'Tltje'rtaT'Ve"HVhite'nden;''"'aert'"85r who "was "one of: theiVners of the original woman s declarashould teach our children reverence for sacred things and places. ion of independence, and who attended lie first Woman's right's convention held at Counselor Thomas Duce of the stake Seneca Falls, N. Y., in 1848. presidency had enjoyed the spirit of the conference, had wished that every sister in the stake could have' been present. Spoke of The Equal Suffrage Club. of Stanford the spirit of critiasm which is going abroad 'niversitv has had talks on "Child Labor." said let us keep it out from among us, and J "Compulsory Education," "Pure Food uphold those lnatithority over us. If. we Laws," etc. Prof. L. J. Alartin has spoken know this to befthe work of the Lord we will on the movement in England. 'For the not be (ii:.fiirbed by tlie actions of others, as next semester, plans have been made for a representative! the stake presidency he the entertainment ;,by the club of Miss C. would say they were very much pleased with Tackson, Aliss Fannie McLean andi ATrs. the work of the Relief Society in this stake, Florence Gerberding, women of 'wide exwas pleased with the presence of Aunt Mary perience on problems of vital interest.-- 1 Fx. Woolf; had known her since her girlhood and appreciated her worth. It was something I do not wish to see Elder. Ephraim Harker, one of the High again, but I shall never forget the heroism Council appointed to assist the Relief Soowf those slightly-bui- lt wpmen as they flung It said he the tociety, same, spirit here ff themselves against the police cordons in their had been that er$joyed at the day general attempt to reach the House of Commons. conference. and! we have received counsel It was horrible to see them lying' maimed and instruction that was given there. Felt and broken. in the roadway. But they will thankful that we do not have political disget the vote rnake no mistake about that. turbances among us. Let us be very careful C. N. Desmond Shaw in The, Comin 8nr to say nothing about any person derogatory. Nation o -- bors-since-th- e T R. K . THOMAS DRY GOODS GO. 676971 Main Street, Salt Lake City. OUR SPECIALTY . ' ladies- - ready-to-wea- r garments OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TRY US 