WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. r- ."V.., to pay all it's 'expenses, including - travelana ucnnui mg. expenses for the otneers . TmrM viitinf .mnuallvthe several stakes of Zion. She recalled the occasion of the : Jubilee vear, when President Taylor donated liberally to the Lattcrrday Saints and Society, crave to the needy twoulu-n- t had stored.. The ' ' I l.I LI ' ' thev J Relief Society of Ensign Stake, as shown by the report have now considerable money for wheat, and but little wheat stored, and she advocated that the money be taken for the purchase of wheat at the first incom. the-Reli- ef w I I . Mentioned the American ing harvest. Woman's League, the erection of a building here, etc. Explained clearly the National Council of Women of the United States, and our affiliation in that impor: taut organization. She emphasized the of testimony meetings, which she said should never be allowed to be crowded out or neglected. Related some personal reminiscences of the Prophet Joseph, and the transfiguration she had witnessed when the mantle of the Prophet Joseph fell unon .Brigham Young, concluding with a strong testimony of the truthfulness of the, work. Sister Schofield rendered a vocal selection, "Beautiful visions of days gone by." The general and stake officers of the Relief Society were, presented by Sister M. II. James, and unanimously sustained. Counselor Annie K. Hardy presented a resolutUm, urging upon the Legislature, now in session, prompt and .favorable action on the proposed and oendinc bilk pertaining to the extension and financial support of the Juvenile Court work, which was voted upon im-jMrtan- . . ' . six-month- s. . Singing. I Tow" firm faints of t lie Lord." a foundation, ye Cfckua Sharp Barker. Secretary MILWAl'KKK RF.UKF . the center. The following named sisters. .. 11.1me urn serving: lclell Crager, Madge Hill, Freda Weiss. Olive Whitte T our ww:' TfIll.1V., Cecil McLausland. vThey were dressed in white, with a laxge red heart for a cap. The aprons were of white with small hearts to form a border. Altogether the effect was ' M : Those present were agreeably with the "presence of President G. surprised E. Ellsworth and wife. CWhile the object of this- entertainment was to obtain means to purchase a for the rostrum of their church, a carpet greater good was done, in meeting strangers and talking to them on the restored gospel and their, being invited to call at their homes. ; ; - V - 111 , w-oV- J - -- - . - - Mary Smith Ellsworth. Autjt Emma Stake Snowflake S.Smith. former president of . Relief Society: JResolutions of MAIJJ STAKE. Respecto Dear . Resolved, That e. as members of the Snow-flakStake. Relief- Society, mourn with the of dear Aunt Emma. children ' Resolved, Thatcher beautiful life shall come before us; that can bear testimony that ?he was true to the Gospel of Jesus Christ: that she was true to her husband, true to her family and true to her friends. Resolved, That to the Relief Society of. this stake" iri'air its" branches, she has been a have Mother; her prayers and her fastings ' been for us, and for our children. She' formed a link between the early days of the Church even down to the present time. We realize that she was clothed in the man-tie of humility and y.et she was not void of the qualities of leadership, for they. have been very befittingly placed upon her, and she. bore them with grace and dignity- - as a leader among her sisters in the great Relief Society work, which means the enlargement of woman's sphere, the legitimate activities of life. She lived the principles of the Gospel. She laid everything on the altar of her faith and esteemed it not a sacrifice; in her heart the Priesthood was always honored. Resolved, That we thank God for prophets, seers-angood men to lead us, and that we also thank Him for the 'great women, who have lived in this disoensation. and who have side with those who lead and worked side-b- y guide Israel. Resolved, That we, will endeavor to be as faultless as she has been, that we may go where she has gone.. That we may be joinexi with her in friendship, companionship, "and in the ties of closest fellowship. That we, with all her loved ones (when our. earthly work is ; done), may find the emerald gates of paradise open for us as they are now open for her whom we love. Lulu J. H. Smith. e - Minutes of RelRt Society Conference held at Malad, Idaho, November 17, 1910. Convened at 10 a. m. President Eliza Hall presiding: After opening exercises . resident Hall made opening remarks, felt a great jyeight resting upon her, had a great desire to do her duty. Reports as follows Portage, Malad, St. John, Samaria, Pleasant View, Woodruff., Reported in good condition, they are following out the outlines and storing grain, etc. Recitation from Woodruff Ward, x ' entitled:. "Unawares." Counselor Sara A. Jones had a desire to do her part and be' charitable to all. Sister ; SOCIETY. On the evening of Tcb. 14th, 1911. the Relief Society of the Milwaukee Branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, gave a chicken supper. The menu included the following: Ho biscuits, carrots and peas, baked beans, celery, pickles, mashed potatoes and several kinds of cake.' The church was tastefully decorated in red and white; small tables were used, covered with white paper with red hearts across . 1 : Benediction, Cecelia S. Barker? very pleasing. 1 . ' - 4 " 'for their the sisters Much credit is due ... . .. ot tlie: rnestnooa in auenuance, arui deuntiring efforts. Socially, and financially sired ;us to bepjie of the best, in Zion, the affair was a decided success. : the storing of grain. Washakie The auxiliary ionizations .of the Ud5 1V.JJV11V.VI ill nuiuiuiij imii ."U'VI3 Church, aided by thomutal dramatic club, heir Etty Morris and Marv Stuart new a piano. the brandnith presented had a faithful testimony. of the Gospel, and etcr Wells, that this I thought 'perhaps; were proud of the good teaching received little article would be of service to you in at the conference, and determined to follow' have We organized valuable paper. your Treasurer Emma the teachings given; our Chicago branch Relief Society and have Price, gave some good counseland wished it now in a flourishing condition. Since God's blessings on all. Song by Mrs. RanJune of last year I have ha,d charge of the dall of Malad Ward, entitled, "Help the branches of the Relief Society of the misStake Counselor W; H. Gibbs adWeak sion, and I think a fetter work is being dressed the cori ference, said too many peodone. ple look after other peoples business and We also have a Relief Society thoroughforget their own, encouraged the saints in ly organized in Rock Island, 111., and Flint', their duty one toward another, and to press Michigan. on in good . works,, .and . store more grain. I have wondered if it would be possible Recitation from Woodruff Ward, by Miss for you to send the- Exponent to each of Piano solo by Mfss Benedict of Yearsley;-our four presidents. Of course one is alMalad. Song Verda Godwin, entitled, "The I but to Chicago president, ready coming Vacant Chair." Brother Howell had man y have been sending, mine from here, but of the day and the renewal of his thoughts reif feel would, eenduraged they they said no greater work can womceived the paper. Most of them are unable testimony, an do than this. President. Hall made cluto pay the subscription. remarks, and thanked all for the intering be will assistance advice of Any given est taken at this conference, closed by sin" above all I for desire gratefully received, "Count Your Many Blessings." Ben else to make a success of the organizations ing, diction J)y Brother J. P. Jensen. over which I preside. E. A. Jones, Sec- Thanking you for your kindness in the past, and praying our Father s blessings up on you continually, I remain, Your sister, ' Resolutions. unanimously. President Margaret A. Romney expressed gratification at the visit of Presi- dent- iMnmeime Wells, ana prayed that her life might be spared as long as she should' desire life. She then announced the adjournment of this conference for . M. J. Dalton f elt villing4o do all she could to help the work along. A sketch from Portage Ward, on the life of Ex. President Bathsheba Smith. Annie - Sawyer gave some interesting remarks Stake Counselor L. D. Jones addressed the sisters, subject, "Be Kind to the Least of God's Children, Lest Ye Grieve Your Master." Bishop J. P. Jensen was proud of the good work of the Relief, Society, encouraged them to press, forward. Presi-:- ; dent Hall made closing remarks, was delighted in the good teachings received. Closing song "Redeemer of Israel." Benediction, Brother Howell. Afternoon Session. At 2 p. m. President pliza Hall presiding. Singing. ;Presi- - : d ; - R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. Main Street, Salt Lake. City. 67-69-- 71 OUR SPECIALTY . Z ladies . ready-to-wea- r garments EVERY DESCRIPTION. TRY US 