jr Mir 4 " '' ' " .,,1- -- ' . vhen he- died, although 'fh.Tn -- r. o i be able to not leave aid his , children much eU-.he hoped to leave them a memory -- of nf to.csty an,, integrity that ,lic); , . - v - ai:i - -- joyous as if she; hail gained all things snr never from that moment wavered thomdi she Av.ent through all the trial incident nV ? i ,h CI lc . . ad event rendered part of the jour- "V gloomy. bister llu!lakori sister-in- lawv ;.lVe bir.th to twins wjiile pii the jour-m- y and when they were but'a few davs old her child next older was crushed Ho death under the wheels of her wagon. A'ftir arriving in I'tah thi-- settled final !' in Cottonwood. Mster HuiYaker and her husband returnee! to the Hast ,.n a in the fall of 1S.n, in the cmnpam m l'.rother I'arley 1. I'ratt. Her l'annlv. except her baU', "was leit in charge of her oldest stepdaughter. hi their return, in the pring, they found the dread iCuyrge smallpox had taken this iauL!nter. one oi si-- t. r utt ,.i,;i.?r.... chil-and a of Rrothcr Hutt'aker's plural wile. Sister Hnfiakei later made two other visits hast. i . ilh Wei ui' nn.iiicive, io Jove tile nu;:t and to hate the wrong, to be strong, and independent, to do v:- us, tlu :r own thinking so .that they might r: i , io ; ire . I to Kirtland, Ohior. and l h. - t.i n;,,.;. me i.uniiy settling on a farm about a dav and a half's journev from Xauv.... Here i i t i i.nzanetn grew to d. ;uanho 'leaders instead of trailers, to trust 'in Nster HutTaker remembered having and love all mankind, this is to leave heard the i,, Prophet J.cph speak 'once v.lun hildren something. he was interniptvd in his crnmn by one a' TlLLIE B. Gki;i;n, of his enemies until the latter wa- - fuVcibiv ejected trom the meeting. At the age of sixteen she married SimpA LOVING TRIBUTE. son David HutTaker, a widower with r children. This was in January. . !:; writing of the late Mother in Israel She Tiad not thought jof marriage and at wli.'e life and labors are but briefly told in first her impulse was to sav ..No." She was the ketch we publish below, one feels 'how Mich a girl, but something whispered again noble were the women of the and '1 he "You had better say ye and' go again. later wars i' S:ter Hutt'aker's life. earlier days in this Church, and how patientlto Xauvoo with him." Therci'mv she eon-".alter tin- .:e.ttii i mi husband, wcTi spent i y tlu-- bore trials almost beyond human enemeu, M rs. Win. .jut parent- at that tune expected at tile home oj Inr dam-litedurance.' Experiences, some of them too to ee) to Aauvoo and never Perry, at w!;oM- one she died. April. thought of 'terrible to be told, and yet it is well for the the which Church, all did later when leaving Miniver generation of the present time to the jiie.stion nf polygamy was agitated. kn".v something of the struggles and hardHence Sister HutTaker uh that had ship' nine of the early settlers of these now she not gone then withalways TRIBUTE OF LOVE. Tlmther HutTaker beautiful mountain vales endured to make she would never have come west with the t: n tN the waste places pleasant and desirable. iir li liied i (. Church. ter ;uul mrr. te.ulier, retr.tr laiwn. who Words are inadequate to express the were in Xauvoo at the lime of the detuned thU ln .Inly They th. 1911 She was strength of character displayed on occasions exodus. Hrother HufTaker at b..rn ie. on July Sjclland. a Denmark, member being that required the magnamity and supreme lS'd She in e.innenion with her parent's .'tli. jf "The Spartan Rand" of guards. During joined lite Mormon Chureli July 5th. 1S78; emcourage of one whose whole heart and soul the attack a cannon ball struck the chimnev to I'tah in ISSi) and' with her parents igrated ware wise yes, must have been filled with .of their house and she gathered the famlocated in Lov;au. where she was married to livine tire to pass unscathed through the 1; JanuHansen on 1SSI. flee. h. 2lt husOn to the her ily January together They way peril- - that beset the way of the Latter-da- y shortly afterwards moved to Richmond, and band met her and told her of the twenty-fou- r m the fall of 1SS4 to Xewton,. which has since Saint- - in the early history wnmei, too, hour truce. been their home. Hansen was the moth with little children clinging to them, fleeing Re fore leaving the house she had put a er of ten childn n. two of whom hav i,r r(Ml.il from their homes and enduring peril- - by the lier to the other .iU ami i survived iiy ler large sum of money, the price of their huslund and eiyht chi Iren. ay. farm, in an old stocking, and hung it down To.) much reverence cannot be given to the well. During the truce they returned Resolutions. tho-- e w ho hose the heat and burden of the and putting the sum in an old bucket they lay and kept the faith, and they must have covered it with nails and Whereas, our highly esteemed 'iter, at the placed the bucket lial an inner, eternal, abiding faith, not simclose of a beautiful life, has been called to her in full view on the wagon. As they were heavenly home, we her sisters who know, of ply belief, but a fountain of living faith ; that searched going out many a mobocrat sat herdoving deeds, and appreciate her many nouave them something more than human endown on this old bucket while the wagon ble qualities desire to express our sympathy ' durance. for her .sorrowing- husband and children and .to Rrothcr HufTaker had was overhauled. Such indeed was the faith of this good, taken their acknowledge her labors and ministrations of gun to pieces and hidden part kindness a a member and teacher of. the Relief great and grand woman whose life was of it in the wagon while Mrs. HufTaker had in thev Newton Ward, also as a friend Society spent in loving service, among the exiled fastened a pair of colts around her waist unand neighbor in the best sense' of the term. Saint- - and it would be well for the young Therefore, be it resolved. That we emulate der her dress. One part of the gun was faher noble character, her liberality as a donor women of today to make themselves found by a searcher. With an oath lie, defor charitable purposes, that we do humbly miliar with the experiences and characterisMormon had hidden the clared "the d testify that faith, charity, and humility were tic- of the heroines of Mormondom. rest somewhere, . and everything in the leading traits of her' character,, and that her Kl'I ioRt steadfast devotion to the work of God is an wagon was thrown out in the search, their example which w'e should all strive to emulate. LIFE SKETCH. corn sacks being cut open and the contents Resolved, That wc lender our heartfelt symscattered on the ground. Mr. HufTaker, pathy U the bereaved family and bid them Mrs. Elizabeth Richardson HufTaker was in was the troublous of time, look up and trust in God. during part Wit in New Hampshire, May 28, 1829, of hiding for the mobocrats: were "baptizing" Resolved, That these resolutions be recorded in the records of the Newton - Relief Society, jrturdy. agricultural parentage, being, the all Mormons 'by repeated duckings and as one presented to the, family and also publised 'laughter of "Stephen Richardson and Erepta he could not swim he knew his life would in The Woman's Exponent. Wilder. . be in danger were he caught. When she was about three years of age "She's gone, but to a rest so sweet With the rest of the refugees the family To all the faithful given. W. parents joined the Church of Jesus. crossed the river and traveled with the Oli, may we earn through earthly life, Chri-- t of Latter-day Saints. Saints as far as the Des Moines River. As The same sweet bliss in heaven.' Some ''Mormons" were holding a meeting he was taken ill of chills and fever the famat the home' of. a May her devout life on earth neighbor, Lorin Farr, and ily remained there that winter, going on to Of patience, hope and love they were persuaded to go. Mrs. RichardsWinter Quarters in the spring ;of 1847. Aid us to gain that prize of worth,' on inclined to believe in signs, remarked, as Here they began their journey to Zion in From him who rule's above." she Brother to M. Grant, the company of Jedediah put the baby to sleep .preparatory I oing, "If Sallie stays asleep until return, HufTaker being a 'leader of ten. They.ar f sn'all be jnclined to r half believe what those rived in titan in October, 1847. Sister " Mts. William Keith of Berkeley, Cat. People say." ; HufTaker traveling in a light buggy often pp who has iven $3,Q00 to the present suf"They went to the meeting, listened and rode ahead and at one time when some dis Relieved. people of; tance in advance she found herself encir- - J frage campaign, had devoted iboiit $1,000 a They, with most e their neighborhood vear to the cause for the last ten years. p cled by, a band of Indians. Whirling her joined the Church; She puts in not only money, but a great Sister HufTaker, when old enough was horses-shstarted on a run towards camp, amount of personal labor, lending a hand in baptised and as she came up out of the wa-f- T still surrounded by warriors who, however, almost every line, of vprk. including the was, as she expressed it, "as if the did not offer to molest her. Shehowever, canvassing. "eavens opened and she avas as light and never ventured in advance again. c;.: ' self-relia- i iii-,- nt . be-o- -- -'it ! c -- il-.-r'.- lS-lo- -- her-'-icall- : .. 1 -- 1 r 1 j 1 1 1 -- ili-ate 1 1 1 i . I I hdd j Si-t- er ; . , -- . . ' - . ' . - - of-th- t . house-to-house 