WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 53 1. a?nil1 ever been the prayers of the early members y.of the Church, and that this younger gener ' fition may be even' more earnest and dili i it with the increased advantages afforded tikin seems almost assured. But in order t keep up this high standard of life in i meaning, the rising generation must cling close to the principles taught by its truest the Savior when here upon the earth walking and talking with His disciples and the people with whom He conversed We have "The Articles of Faith" that were prepared by the Prophet Joseph Smith that arc par excellence ana all the in titutions of the Church if abided by, tend t. uplifting morally and spiritually; if the saints lived in possession of the spirit of that divine faith which is the foundation of all growth and intelligence, and the soul and centre of all things and the power by which the worlds were iramed by the word of God.'- - - . "THE CITIES OF THE SUN.' It has been said of the people of Utah that though we excelled in art, and led in music, we were tar behind in literature. This statement, if true, is probably due to r . t i.' .1 tue iact tnai our ffi literature is almost entirely ot a religious nature and not so generally read nor advertised as our artistic or mu sical efforts are. Notwithstanding this, there is occasionally, issued from the press some beautiful volume of prose or poetry by Utah people which deserves more praise i . ,1- - . . i . and patronage thanit generally receives. Surely no people is richer in historical nar rative than the Latter-da- y. Saints. The bare history of the people from the foundation of the Church, their building of cities and temples, their migrations, their wanderings, their explorations, their discoveries and their man v. miracu lous deliverances and marvelous faith, are worthy the pen of a De Ouincv. What a the pen of some gifted and imaginative writer! The reading and writing of fiction has not been encouraged to any great extent rich field here awaits Saints, for many reasons. While it is the class of literature which appeals most to the general public, especially the .youth, there is. always a doubt among tlie Latter-da- y as to whether, it is, more helpful and beneficial than harmful to the mind, that of course depending largely on the wisdom of the reader, in the choice of his books. This is probably the reason that Utah writers have produced more , historical,-scientif- ic and poetic works than; romance. About Christmas time tlieref appeared a little volume, of unusual interest to grace the shelves of home literature' Th Cities of the Sun," by Miss Elizabeth R. Cannon. : The book is a collection of short stories founded oxy the early history of the people of trie western hemisphere as told in the; wonderful book- of ' our people the Book mormon, lne stories nave tor a. set ting the lands of Zaraheriila and Lehi- Nephi, and for characters the personages of that sacred boot The young writer, . ,w w0 i4.: lives of the. martyrs and heroes of those and. days, clothes the stories with. fanciful , . ... : tender romance which,, combined with po-- ttical, descriptive paragraphs, makes a fas- -' cinating book to delight the mind, and ex- - ::a4. hrm-ro.- . der James 'A. McMurrin of Edinburgh branch Scottish conference; was presented with afine Scotch traveling rug and dressing case, Every one present partook of the good-wiand jollity of the occasion and manifested their hearty appreciation of their fri end antf brother' who had been laboring and presiding there and had won their heart's love, and was now about to leave them and return to his home. ' pictures; some taken from the paintings of tnat pioneer Utah artist, George M. 'who so delighted in the depth and richness of color of Mexican and Peruvian subjects, and some original photographs taken by the author herself during her travels in Mexico. We trust the success of this first volume will be such as to encourage Miss Cannon to continue her literary efforts. She seems to have entered a field for which she is well fitted, and, judged by this effort, the future holds a bright career for her. Ot-ting- er, . ll . Thursday evening,- - February 9, 1911, about two hundred saints and friends of the Glasgow branch (Scottish conference) gave a very pleasant social at 30, Abbotsford Place, Glasgow in honor of Elder- - Lorenzo S. Burt, prior to his departure for his home in Brigham City, Utah, An excellent pro-- , gram of songs, recitations and instrumental selections; at an intermission about nine o'clock a dainty luncheon was served, the Elder was presented with a fine Scotch rug as. a token of their love and appreciation of his lalx)rs ; friends as well as saints manifesting their esteem for him because of the labors performed in Bonnie Scotland. Wednesday, 'February 1, 1911, the Dover latter-da- y Saints Sunday School had a treat in Templar Hall, Biggin Street, at 5 Ben. Britten and p. m. Superintendent wife, with Sisters Eldredge and Gale, Elders John G. Duley, Win.. L. Coburii and others ihde a happy time for the children. Lantern' slides, telling stories by pictures was conducted by Brother Britten, the lights were turned on affainand every child had a present and all the little ones hada bag of m FROM OVER THE SEA. We are quite sure ou sisters from Great Britain will k glad to hear of theAvork being done by t'he Relief Society in their home land, and we take pleasure in copying a few items from the Millennial Star.' January 28, 1911, an enjoyable social was held in the Latter-da- y Saints Hall, Northampton branch (Birmingham conference). A very interesting program was rendered by saints and friends, consisting of singing, recitations, etc. After the program they participated in a few orderly games. T?he sum of eight shillings was collected to buy hymn books for the branch. The- sisters were very grateful to the friends, who so willingly helped to make the social a. suc- cess. . : The same evening, January 28, 1911, an excellent social was held in the Latter-da- y Saints Church, corner of Ellsmere Road, and Lyons, Pitsmore, Sheffield, Sheffield Conference in honor of Elders Horace W. Bond and Hyrum. B. Gawson previous to their leaving the mission 'field. Elder Bond to return to Zion and and Elder Clawson to A large join his parents in Liverpool. numler of saints and friends were present to show their respect to the departing Elders. A good program was rendered and afterwards President Rudger Clawson gave a spirited address. A social concert was held January 31st, at 144 St. George Street, West Hyde, Manchester Conference in aid of the Relief So ciety. A very fine program wras rendered consisting of songs, recitations, and instru mental music. About eighty saints and friends were present. The sum of one potind nine shillings and eight pence was realized after all expenses were paid. Saturday evening, February 4, 1911. a delightful social was given in Montham Road Assembly Rooms, riandswortn, (Birmingham conference) under the au spices of the Birmingham branch Relief Society. The party was in honor of Elder Thomas F. Greenwood who has been released to return home. About two hundred saints and friends assembled to bid him An exceptional program of and song and story was given by. saints friends of the conference, ana a aencious luncheon was served during the evening by the good sisters of the Relief Society and a saints spirit of harmony; prevailed among and friends. A suitable token had been pro. .riAA fnV tbp demrtine" Elder and it was the presented by Elder Leonard Mackayv Greenwood was uJl,ot response A fiflhnnr tnr flip ,1 r " ,"v expressions or, love aim saints and friends participating on this memorable occasion. , . God-spee- d. . . omcda:y:ift The book is illustrated with a number of by-El- der 1 " sweets. Saturday evening, February 11, 1911, a and successful social was very given in the Nelson branch ( Liverpool conference) in honor of Elder Franklin R. Smith who has" labored there fifteen months, and is now released to come home. A most excellent" program vas rendered yjjhe L saints and tlie friends of the branch and light refreshments were served and Elder Smith was the recipient of some handsome presents, expressions of the confidence and esteem of the saints. well-attend- - A ed DELIGHTFUL EVENING. February is the natal month of that es- teemed and beloved Utah woman, Mrs. Emmeline Wells, and during that month hef numerous friends, vie with each other in "showing her their love and appreciation. The first of a scries of entertainments was a most charming dinner party given on the evening of Friday, the 17th, instant, by Mrs. J. S. Houtz, in her elegant apartments, in the Avalon. The guests were the charter members of the Utah Woman's Press Club, now res-- , ident in the city, arid the First Presidency of the Church. The' rooms Were effect ive- ly decorated in red and green, and a fine musical program was rendered by Mrs. C T1 giies ldiquibi iJCCKSiidiiu ami nui, anu Mrs. Houtz herself-- a ' Miss Nettleton. most delightful hostess", was ably assisted by two charming daughters, Miss Pearl and Eradne and a niece Miss Snow, f table were of the The appointments very lace Duchesse beautiful: filmy centerpieces h a centerpiece of red over- gre'en and- - white carnations mingled "with ferns and smilax. The place cards were red hearts with the name of the guest and ."i T).!.,.,l A - silk-wit- Ti-- 1 - 