r . EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ' 'r 54 V MTV- uiati woman b : inc - - - i - ; . i.. rio.vniu Ycirakas iaiuware j en writers and. those interested m literary 1891-9with t , work and was; done October the approval and consent of. the presiding, authorities of the Church. They have been the means of bringing to the front many writers, both of prose and poetry, and the. kind and friendly criticism of the club memr Uts has been of great assistance to the diffident and mddest authors. Mrs. Wells was quite overcome with the -many omplimehtary remarks given her on of these so this occasion, but cieties never feel that they can adequately show their love and appreciation to. one who has given them so much encouragement and assistance for, as they express it, she has Mrs. caused them to know themselves. Wells was presented with a very handsome purse and the evening was most enjoyable. : scrviccIi)i5Ctl was; green r inlaid with silver, while the dinner was all :that the most fastidious gourmet could possibly desire, and the beauty and charm of it was' that the young daughters of the hoitse prepared and served it themselves. A beautiful little' Miss of three years Channa Glory agisted in the entertainment of the guests with singing and quaint conversation. A ring with a setting of the Utah stone the Amatrice, the gift of the Gub members was presented to- Mrs. Wells, President Joseph F. Smith making a graceful and tender presentation speech. The guests will ever feel indebted to Mrs. Iloutz and her beautiful family for a most delightful and enjoyable evening. . jibe-'member- - One of the 2, Guests. " SOCIAL NOTES FOR FEBRUARY. The general officers of the Relief Society gave a banquet and reception in honor of their president Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells 83rd anniversary Tuesday afternoon and evening, February 28. It was the first public affair given by the officers since Mrs. Wells appointment as president and was therefore something of an official recognition of her office. The banquet was held in the upper dining room of the Bishop!s Building and during the dinner the ladies responded to. toasts the subjects pertaining to different phases in the life of the honored guest, Mrs. Emily S. Richards acted as toast 'mistress of the occasion and responses were made y members of the (general board. The evening was an open reception to which the public generally were invited to shake hands with the honored lady and congratulate her on the attainment of so 'many years in life's long journey. Hoy beautiful it is to reach such an age and retain the wit and charm and grace of youth, combined with the wisdom and knowledge that long years bestow. No wonder., that Mrs. Wells legion of friends delight to love and honor her. Cainelia.. , The Dadghttrs of the Revolution gave a very pretty party and social on the evening the 11th in the Assembly. Room of the, Bishop's Building. The affair was partly in honor of the junior society, recently organized and to bring together the two organizations, the seniors and juniors, and also a patriotic "party to honor the birthdays of the two greatest Americans Washington and Lincoln. The decorations were extremely beautiful, .the national colors gracefully draped around the room, and standards and emblems of lilerty hung over on the wall Dancing5 foftowed a short program and refreshments were served. THE THREE UTAH PATRIOTIC SOCIETIES. The Daughters of the Pioneers, Ihc Daughters of the Mormon Battalion and the Hand Cart veterans gave a character ball and social in the Assembly room of the Bishops Building on the evening of the 21st. About three hundred people participated in the festivities. Many of the costumes worn were very handsome and unique; some wearing jewels, shawls, and (lresses of historical interest and as the schottisch, Sir Roger de Coverly and other old time dances were engaged in, the sight was both beautiful and interesting. The quaint costumes," and manners of long ago becanie the topic of conversation and while some danced, others became reminiscent and repeated many charming and valuable anecdotes of the early social life in the valley. The hostesses of the occasion were tne othcers ot the three societies who spared no pains to make the party most enjoyable var-sotivien- i CHARACTER. i !rl:ertis;lweir& on the life of Booker T.. Washington.. EvCii though a col ored man and handicapped .on everv ha. j. skip overcame every obstacle and. gained for himsplf a fin me nnrl wns- n hlfsstnro to fhrmco,4 .i..(.uiij of his race, And this because of his stroir character. Nothing could keep him down. Others felt his greatness and were read v to do his bidding. We all know when we meet a person with a strong character, we feel it and are impressed with a sense of strength. Emerson says, "Character is of a stellar and undiminishable greatness. What others effect by talent or by eloquence, this man Half his accomplishes vby magnetism. he puts not forth. His victories are strength by demonstration of superiority, and not .by crossing of bayonets. He conquers, because his arrival alters the face of affairs." With the end in view of helping'to build character in our children, are bur courses of study outlined and our most earnest efWhat we want is .men forts put .forth. and women of power, who know not the word fail. We have many examples of this, type in our nation and in our Church. Why not more of them ? "The mother in her office holds the key to the soul." Let us learn how to turn the key which will open the door, letting in a flood of truth and light, that the beauties of nature and the glory bf God may fill his. soul, giving him aspirations and ambitions that will place him on' a higher plane, where the petty.thingsof life and temptations serve Thcr only to spur him on to greater-actiooffice of motherhood is not to be considered as lightly Largely through the influence of the mother is the destiny of nations shaped. Then why is she not given more support and encouragement in her calling? Mothers, let us awaken to our duties and listen to the words of wisdom, given us by the Lord through his holy prophets, to live simply and purely, that we may make our own characters strong and enduring and in, turn impart these characteristics to our children, that our lives will not be in vain. . In a good or evil way, And the building as it grows Must our inmost thoughts disclose. Build it well, whate'er you do; Build it strong and straight and true; Build it high and deep and broad ; Build it for the eye of God." v ' . . . -' . n. "Build today, then, strong and sure, With a firm and ample base ; - And ascending and secure Shall tomorrow find its place. Thus alone can we dttain To those turrets, where the eye "We are building every day, ne, ' . it,, 1 j a. And one boundless reach of sky." Ethel M .Humphreys. How do we measure or know a person? it is by their character that we determine their value. Our minds are given us, but IN MEMORY OF SUSANNAH P. BOOTHE we make our character. The mind is the On the morning of Nov. 24th, 1910, our bein every respect. garden, the character the fruits. We form loved President, Sister Susannah P. Boothe, character by living right every dav, doing passed away ' and dn her passing away Box The Utah Woman's Press Club and the . well every little act; for the little things Elder Stake lost She of its most noble women. Social in a accumulate Susannah. NefT Pierce Boothe was born in Reapers to form great things, by being joined very delightful Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, March 26th, entertainment given in honor of "Mrs. Em firm" as the rock in the right, by having an meline B. Wells, founder of the two clubs, aim in life, and keeping it in view. and in the hardships through which on the evening of; the 23rd of February. The Our acts and "thoughts are the stones with me participated naa to pass, bhe was one, or tne aaitns held in was Relief headthe. which this character structure is built. If Pioneers of '47, walking a good deal of the way party Society" the one stone nature of a is weak there is a flaw and the across the plains, and witff her father's fam- ' quarters partly in whole structure is marred, making it more ily located at Mill Creek, Salt Lake county. surprise to Mrs. Wells,' About two hunin i5U she becamethe wife of fc.li naryey dred guests were present and a very pleassubject to destructive elements and decay. Pierce. anH in R cIia r&mMToA nritli hm to ing musical arfd literary program was renWhat made; Washington and Lincoln Brigham City, lpcating in U "Old Fort." They dered, most of the numbers being original. "great, was it; greatness of mind? Not so were among the first families to come to Brig-haand Sister Boothe was identified with A beautiful bouquet much as greatness and nobility of character. the growth of the city. ;' number was presenther husband 1858, first U, died, leavAugust ed Mrs. Wells with an original ooem Wit 'There's something that's better than rubies her with four small A ing few years children. And nobler than riches and fame. ten by Dr. Ellis R. Shipp. V later she she married W. H. whom, Boothe, will by strew all It . with roses, your pathway The object of the organization of these- six teVi had and in chWAren all. children, makinir ' If ;oa ' try to keep bright a -' - .... Sm 1 ana-wa- s -- , 1 1 m, of-red-- and whiteisrr-nationseighty-three- in , l i good name," who are all living. She was .remarkably strong, 