A, rvUV Three "were sent by the Stak-Voar- i and .opric of the ScipjoAVard, by patriarch of one. or two from several, of the Relief Associate and friend lite a long SoThompson, Bishop and Sister Yates, and Elder P.eter ciety associations throughout the stake.Xielson, a counselor to Bishop Yates during AH the members completed the work. with his long service in that position. All bore, strong testimonies of the splendid life and good percentage. The lowest being eight eharacter of Sifter Yates and encouraged her per cent. and children, her twenty-eigh- t Some of the. ladies were mothers of largc to emulate in lier eight families, others had to come a distance of their lives her worthy example. Nothing could be more beautiful than her three miles, yet they attended the class allife. While she was in possession of physical most daily. The average attendance was well as the to ministered she physical strength nwenty-twas the spiritual needs of her associates, and The commencement exercises were nicely no (j in- was. ever turned from her home 'rendered. Papers were read by the man-beror unfed. interspersed with music and song. As her physical powers failed she was able to spend much time in the Temple of the Lord Speeches were made to. the. graduates by where she did work for many of her loved Sister Ditty, Bishop John Hunt and Pa-ide- nt ones who had passed away, and as the end apSamuel P Smith. The latter delivproached she could well say: "Father, my' ered a ad- very beautiful and appropriate work is done, take me home to Thee." dress commending the work done by the Stake Board, the teacher and students. Dinah Stoddard Wrigley departed this life President Smith also presented the certifiJune 1, 1911. Whereas,' it has pleased our cates.. Thus ended a work which will Heavenly Father, the Ruler of the universe, in appreciated and be Who doeth all things well, to remove from its effects. our midst our beloved sister and in the Relief Society of the Ferron Ward, in Sister Ditty left immediately for Salt the Kmery Stake of Zion. Iike City. Be it resolved, that we extend to the family Li) la J. Smith. .our sincere sympathy and appreciation of our sister's worth. In her death we realize the loss of a and energetic good woman, who was ever ready to minister to the sick and needy, and at SKETCH OF THE LABORS OF all times doing whatsoever she could to help - MARY J. Rl WEST, the upbuilding of the Church of God "on the earth, and therefore has earned the great reMary J. R. West first saw. the light of day' ward which has been promised to the faithful and entitles her to a glorious resurrection. Oct. 24, 1847. Born of goodly parents in Sister Dinah Wrigley was born at Callile, what is now Davis Countv, Utah. Her firt Cumberland County, England, May 16, 1850. home being a wagon box. She crossed 'the ocean when six years of age, Her parents were called, when she was and came to Utah in the first' handcart company in 1858. Her father died while crossing a little girl, to help settle Parowan. Iron the plains. She was chosen econd counselor County, Utah. Here she met and married in the Relief Society Board, when it was orJohn A. West. They lived in Parowan un-ti- l ganized at Eerron in Dec. 1882, and has?ield 1878, when they were called to settle an honorable position in the same up to the Arizona. Tov Arizona they came, making time of her death. their home in Snowflake. May He who has said He will be a husband to the widow, and father to the fatherless, Eleven children were born unto them. pour into the wounded souls of the bereft ones Four whom" have gone ' to the" great bejpf in this dark hour of separation, the oil of solved, yond. One of the little ones was a sufferer that a copy of these resolutions all his life, requiring the constant care of his be sent, with our sympathies to the bereaved mother, and to this child she was most earnfamily, and that the same be recorded on the devoted. He lived five years. records ot our Society, also a copy be sent to estly Her trials have been many, but, were met the. Woman's Exponent for publication. with courage and fortitude. Mary J. King, President. Olive M. Olsen, Secretary. As an example of her nobility of char. acter and her constant devotion to the sad and motherless I will relate a few incidents. She had a half brother who was so badly frozen vhen a child that his mental faculties NOTES QN NURSE CLvoo. -- in the lass of a loving it mother; 'and be further . Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be presented to' the bereaved family, also that they 'our .sincere fiynipatliy - Relief f the record" of the w made n nart a llr.tt and copy be sent to tlie v-s- uni- - Sm-ift- ait's Exponent for publication! .Luella Harrow, grand-childre- great-grandchildre- Secretary. SKI TC II OK hYl.UShll! V VAIKS. far-reachi- ng co-work- - . " nV healing-Re- d. . ; -- co-operat- side. - The "people of Snow-flakStake were sadin need of competent help in times of ly sickness, especially in confinement cases. Seeing- this great need and realizing the condition and circumstances of the people, the Stake Board of Relief Society with the of the Stake hearty support and Presidency secured the service of Sister Maud L. Ditty to come to Arizona and teach a course in obstetric nursing. Sister Ditty came highly recommended by Apostle and Mrs. C W. Penrose and bearing a certificate from "Her Majesty's Board of Midwifery," London, England. She was a very thorough, .competent teacher. Pier class work: was a success in every particular, and was looked upon as being superior by our best local physicians. She came, here under very trying circumstances as most of the towns of the stake were under quarantine..' :. , The class work was opened January 23, 1911. There were twenty-thre- e members! e - ' er r She was a subscriber for the Dcserct- News from the time she came to Utah in 1863 and for Hxpnncnr from its" first publication, till her death, and for the Juvenile Instructor from its first issue till after,, her youngest child She was always active as a Church worker. As a Sunday School teacher, as an officer in the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association and the Primary Association she Wielded a splendid influence among the young people of her home ward, and many bear testimony that they received their first impression of correct living from Sister Yates. Prom July, 1876, till May, 1883, she was President of the Relief Societyof the Scipio Ward. On this latter date she was released from., this position to accept the Presidency of the Relief Society of Millard Stake, which position she filled with credit and honor until the fall of 1904, when she left the stake in order to be. near-hechildren who had moved to Salt City and Ogden. Sister Yates was the mother of nine children? six of whom, together with her husband, Bishop Thos. Yates, who died Feb. 23, 1903, had preceded her to- the other The end came peacefully in her beautiful home in Salt Lake City, on Dec. 31, 1910. Her son, Thomas J. Yates, and her (daughter, Lizzie Y. Thompson (the other daughter Louje Y. Robison being detained at home on accou&t of sickness) accompanied the remains to Scipio, where she was tenderly laid to rest by the side of her husband. The funeral services were heautifujjand jm pressive. Remarks were made by. Frederic R. Lyman and Orvil L. Thompson of the Millard Stake Presidency, by the members of the Bish- - ed . ature.. fore." un-warm- s, Eiitf-l'and- Dying in full faith in the Gospel she looked forward to a haftpy reunion with these and ojthcr loved ones; and left with those remaining an incentive for good living, so that they too. may enjoy the society of those "gone be" x n, - closed the mortal career of another, of that splendid type of Pioneer Mormon Womanhood of which Utah is so justly proud. Sister Yates , was born in South' Moulton, Devonshire. Oct. 8, 1833, and received" the (lospel "there, hcin haptized and confirmed a member ,of the Church on Dec. 4, 1851. On May 23, 1863, she had decided 'to make the sacrifice of homo, and sever all family ties, (for she was the only one of a large family to receive the Gospel) and emigrate to Zin. Leaving Liverpool on that date on the sailing vessel Antararctis, seven weeks were spent on the sea, nine dayson the train, three days on the Missouri River boat, and two months and three, days on the plains, arriv ing in' Salt Lake City with' rejoicing and thanksgiving' on Oct. 3, 1863. Spending a year in Lehr, Utah, she, came to Scipio, then called Round Valley, in 1864, and began the real life of a Pioneer.' Her first home was a "Dugout," of which she, was" very proud. She often spoke with pride of this humble homeland rejoiced in the fact that even in the days of her poverty she was permitted to receive and entertain in this primitive . '"dugout" Jiomc such prominent Church, officials as Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon and Twelve Aposother members of the Council of ' ' tles. Sister Yates was a superior woman in every way, dignified in appearance, impressive in her, address and humble in her spirit, she impressed eeryone with whom she associated, and her tluence for good can hardly be estimated. She loved education and refinement, and in later years, as opportunities came, on her table could always be tound tne cnoicest liter- was-marrie- n o. In the bur.ial of Sister Elizabeth F. Vatcs at Scipio, Utah, on Jan. 3, 1911, there was the-Vomn- ix . . were impaired, and after the death, of her mother she took this brother into her home and cared for him until death came. Another brother was left with five small children, for these sister West cared until they were grown. One of these girls died, leaving a little girl, and her. dying, request was for "Auntie" to care for her child. This she did and is now doing a mother's part by the child. Sister West has always been faithful in attending her religious duties. She was the first president of the Snowflake Ward Relief Society which office she filled ' with honor for fifteen years. November 21, 1895, she was set apart as second counselor . to Emma S. Smith in the. stake Relief Society. She served in this office ten years. She was called to preside over the Relief Society in Snowflake Stake August 11, 1905. At a' recent conference the President and Board were honorably released. . , . , . During Sister West's administration she and her board have accomplished, very much 