r". f i ., , " v , ..... - NEBO "Which way do you the past .year, and also some helpful hints to go. He nortn 'and suggestions for our future study. 'The think is best." Ins aibwer was;mad." I said'T did not think it, to he the Book of DocYrinc and Covenants has been reroad. He seemed determined to go taken uj) alongnvith Church History and that way, hut I said if you will go half a cited in our work meetings. An appropriate.' vocal selection was given mile my" way amhyuti do not see any signs of improvements I will he willing to go the by Josie Follet of Pima.. President Andrew "the calling of the. Relief way you said. At lat lie .said that as . it .Kimball felt that would not take long he would try my way. Societv members was a noble one, and the dreamed we soon reached a fence, and, a organization was one that could not be dishouse. We found the house tu he a short pensed, with. .Spoke, of the privations of distance from the state road. If we had early days., but believed that each generation e is in part qualified' for the conditions of gone north the road would have led us I advanawoke their particular day; compared-thmiles into a deue forest. in the morning and as the two brothers were tages of the young, today with fifty years sister-in-lar start I told my prepari'if-trago, and hoped that we appreciated the great my dream and cautioned her not to tell 'the development of the present'; that we will .hoys hut to wait and see if things led up to train and develop the character of our chilthe dream. Everything that I had dreamed dren for. what will assuredly devolve upon was fulfilled iut'as I have related. We were J hem. soon on the right road and in a few days arThe Layton, Thatcher, and Central wards rived at our destination. We found father were., reported in a very thriving condition ) and mother both sick in bed. They had not by their respective presidents. Dianah Allen of the board, gave a good known we were coming but had heard of ll'eir son's call to the: battalion and feared talk to the mothers, encouraged them to be thev would never see them again. The faithful and watchful of their children and familv were very much overjoyed at seeing keep that tender parental love green, which had not met them before I is ever a safeguard to our boys and girls. us, although felt to thank my Heavenly felt satisfied. Doxology was sung, and" meeting adFather for Hi kindness and protection on journed till 2 p. m., benediction by J. 0. our journey. Allred. (To be continued.) Afternoon Session. Began by singing. Singing. Prayer by Elizabeth Moody. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. Counselor Fanny Kimball spoke of Annual Day, irV origin, the progression of the SoSt. Losvph Stake. ciety since its inception, and the ultimate to be derived therefrom. Desired that A conference of the Relief Societv of good .'all the wards celebrate the coming Annual the St. Joseph Stake was held at the Thatcher Assembly Hall. Jdarch 10th, 1911. Day in a fitting arid appropriate way. A recitation,' 'The Martyrdom of Joseph As visitors n the stand were President Andrew Kimball and "Counselors; Patriarch S. and Hyrum Smith," was given bv Sister ClufT Birdno. J. Claridge. H. G. Allred and a number Ella Patriarch S. J. Claridge gave a splendid of other brethren. Klizabeth W. Layton, talk. Spoke with pride of the progress of St;gkc President of Relief Societv, with Counselor Fanny Kimball and members ot the women in general. Sister Mary Tavlor loved the work of the Lord. Thought if we board. lived up to the light and intelligence given A good program was rendered in which .talks on Relief Societv work, instrumental us, keep humble and never forget our and .vocal music, reports, etc., were given. prayers, Ave could not go far astray. J. G. President TV Y. Lavton presided. First Mired spoke a few kindlv encouraging Counselor Salina Phillips was excused on words. Inez Lee spoke of the progress of the account of being very ill. Sister May C. Welsh presided at the organ, and Kffie R. women comparing their advantages today with fi fty years ago. Montierth led the singing. ; A sacred rendered by Lottie LarMeeting opened" with the hymn, "Xow Let son and Effic Montierth, Us Rejoice." Prayer by Bishop Frank Tyler. Sister Laura 'Nuttall, Stake President Y. Singing, "Come let us anew," etc. In L M. I. A., appealed to the mothers to guard opening address, President Elizabeth W. their daughters with a mantle of love and Layton welcomed the. sisters, was glad to see such a good representation of the Relief charity and watchfulness that they might h& .kept from the evils that lie in wait for Society, lioped the" spirit of love and humility would characterize this conference them. Said we should encourage our boys as it had on former occasions. . Said and girls to g'ivc lis their confidence and be one. reason we meet together was to devise a sure to set a correct example before them. nrore harmonious way of preparing and prePlayed the Lord to &ive us wisdom in our senting our lesions, unifying our work, and dealings with the young people. getting better acquainted with all details : Conference adjourned sine die. of the same and each Other. Advised the Singing, "The Time is Far Spent." sisters to be diligent in all that i,s required Benediction by President C M. Layton. of them. Spoke in the highest terms of her JosEriiixE E. Kimball, Secy. that the greatest love and esteem prevailed "among, the board. AJrged that we do not waste our time in reading that which will not benefit us, but at all times reach out and give a helping hand to advance; those .more unfortunate- than our- - STAKE. , I said to him, - ' J Minutes of "Nebo Stake Relief Society Conference, held December 16 at Sah-in, 10:30 a. m. President. Eliza J. Dixon, presiding. After the usual opening exercises, Sister M'ary Pierce, President of Salem, spoke a few words of welcome. Sifter Kapple gave in a report of Nebo Stake Relief Society, all the wards visited t ice during the year except the Tintic district, held four conferences she encouraged the sisters to do their duty. Sister Ilallem of Spanish Fork Third Ward spoke a short time on the duties of the Relief Society sisters. Their duty n.t only to look after the poor and the sick, but to look after the. morals of the young, we and. girls to bring should allow their cmpanions to their homes, and no room in the house should be too good for them. She also spoke of the counsel the Prophet 'Joseph Smith gave to the Relief v Society. others. and Stone Song by Sister Fern A. lesson was given by members of Pay-soFirst Ward Relief Society, on Spiritual Growth. After singing, "Praise to the Man," was given byBrother Christianson, and conference adjourned until 1 : 30 p. m. Afternoon Session. Sister Martha Kapple presiding; President Dixon in charge. Singing,. "Daughtersof Zion." Prayer-Bro- ther Joseph Hanks. Singing, "The Spirit of God Like a "Fire Is Burning." Other usual exercises. Sister Brockbank spoke for sbme time on Christmas and What it means, if we have the true Christmas spirit; we should have no feelings against any one, and read a poem, "Only a Drop in the Bucket." We should cultivate the spirit of giving rather than receiving. Recitation, "Marjorie's , Christmas Tree," by Tillie Nelson. President Henry Gardner spoke for some time on Relief Society woYk, sard it was sixty-eigyears since it "was organized as one of the helps to the Church ; spoke of the great work that the sisters nad the sick and affliWed, the poor and needy ; it 'would never vie known all that had been done until we meet in another sphere. He also .spoke for some time of the young people and how we should care for them, for the work will fall on tlaeir shoulders and they will take it up as we have done, and carrv'- it just a ' ' faithfully. Duet, Sisters Emma Holder and .Matilda Hanks, entitled "Larboard "Watch.'? Sister Dixon made a few closing remarks and commended the sisters for their diligent work in the several wards in the stake ; thanked the people of Salem for their hospitality. After singing, benediction was pronounced by Brother Christianson. Conference adjourned for three months. , lu-s- t " I ; . twen-tv-fiv- e w our-boy- . : n 1 lxnic-dictio- n I ' t -- ; I . " ht . solo-was- . h-j- r .CP-worke- s ' Eliza Ji. Hawkins, . Secretary. Corresponding Hyson, Utah. V rs, - i v . - The report --was: read and accepted. secretary gave a summary of sthe lessons The for mnns R. K. THOMAS CO 676971 Street, Salt Lake City. OUR SPECIALTY ladies' ready-to-wea- r garments OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. try US 