standard, of. honor and usefulness, we must learn to govern the impulses and passions of human, nature.. We have many examples in men and women wlm have attained success and made the world better for their having lived in it. I have in mind now a young man w ho took tor his ideals the great Heroes in history, and wheit problems confronted him he would ask himself, what would these great men have done under the same circumstances; consequently his life was a great success, lor, hl distinction.' She is the iirt vmau elected t any public oftice in Cincinnati, though several have heen candidates before. She is the iir-- t candidate ever elected to the Hoard of Education in Cincinnati who candidate, and she r:i a an independent first woman in the goes mi record as the I'nitrd State for whom a President of the I nited States ca-- t hi" vote. If we stand the test and reach a us down. club women all over the country and caused lie place by Guvernor a personal vin't Harmon anl In- - wife, with the result that condition- - were much improved. Miss Campbell's victory gives her. a thrce-fii- ,; "Lives of great men all remind us - 'We can make our lives sublime, And departing, leave- behind us, Footprints cm the sands of time." - FREAKISH DRESS FOE TO SUFFRAGE. .Mrs. Ida Imted Harper, turer, is Uoti-- as s.i ing : 1 author and lec- suffrage in the last fifty years as the way women have dressed themselves in the last year "Nothing has done so much harm to They have aroused general contempt and criticism, and have made men say everywhere that they have neither sense-nojudgment, and so are not fit to he trusted or two. r with the ballot. "Xo woman who enters a great movement can allow herself the same freedom she before. She is no. longer responsible en-jov- ed merely as an individual. She is the embodiment of the cause she represents. "If she is a suiTragist whatever silly tiling she does is charged up to suffrage by the am convinced that no men. Therefore, one tiling has hurt the suffrage cause so much as the w ay women have dressed or undressed in the last few years. - "Their hats alone have made them the laughing stock of the country. These ridiculous objects are without excuse in either shape or trimming, and they are made worse by the wearing of long hatpins. "The most influential women have worn dresses on the street and in public places in e w hich a woman of the would not have appeared a few years ago. "They are everywhere," she said. "Al'smart' most, every little town' has would-b- e women who parade the streets in all the latest indecent eccentricities of fashion. ."( )f course, these women really form the smallest proportion , compared with the working woman, the mother of families, and the woman doing"' splendid service in churches and other organizations. But, like the froth and foam they-are- , they come to the top. They show themselves in public and assume a much larger place than they really occupy. If they only injured themselves it would not he so bad, but they in-jure every good thing other women try to do and go a long way to counteract the magnificent work women have actually 1 demi-mond- . accomplished.'' -- From Chicago Tribune. SELF-CONTRO- L. The following paper was read before the Yellowstone 'Stake Relief Society: and fame from no condition rise, Act well your part, there all the honor lies." True greatness is measured by the deeds done or. the good accomplished not by the amount of wealth possessed, We are placed upon the earth to be tried and tested ; w e are surrounded by environments of nathose Therc are ture. who are ready to help us climb, and others who are anxious to pull To make our lives successful and lav a firm foundation for true greatness we must l,e master of ourselves, for "He that is slow-tanger is better than the mighty: and he that ruleth his spirit, than he that taketh a city." Then let us as individuals and as parents strive to'uphold the good, and discard everything from our dispositions and our homes that is not Dure and clean and sweet. Let us instill into the lives of our children those three factors that-gto make up a grand and noble character: a know ledge of right .and wrong; an awakened strong conscience; and a developed dominating will, for these conA child to be self govstitute erning must learn to use its own reasoning powers. Too often we decide for our children. Teach them to grow up with the power to discern right from wrong, and have power to trample underfoot that which an experienced conscience tells them is wrong. Teach a child that it is possible to control every appetite or impulse of its nature. Teach it to say, "I can and I will obey the laws of God and be. of somcttse in the world." Picture to it the awfulness of doing w rong and the misery caused through committing sin, then picture the joy, peace, and contentment experienced through overcoming evil and pleasing its Heavenly Father and obeying its parents. If. we force a child to do right because we are stronger and can inflict pain upon its little body, we only weaken its will power or force it into rebellion. It is much better never to punish in anger, but to govern by love, and give a reason for the request made. The child should be taught to do right for. right's sake and not through fear of punishment or ridicule. Punishment should be resorted to 'only after everything else has failed.. Often a little patience and perhaps a story will cause a child to choose the right, when scolding or force would cause him to submit implant a rebellious spirit and a determination to have his own way as soon as he is big enough to , resist compulsion. 'Will is the most" important agent in' the formation of what we call character. A de veloped will is at the foundation of one's every domain. A strong will enables one to choose the right, and such choice every strengthens character. than Stronger heredity or environment, (in determining a. person's destiny )' is a man's o self-contr- ol. but-woul- own will. " ' ' Surround the child with everytlyng at your command that will 'add and enlarge his confidence in ultimate success. The value of : is known to those who have mastered self. Happy only indeed is the man or woman, boy or girl, self-contr- ol, who has the Dower to resrst temntation say yes or no at the right time. In the .m v erasing of any of '..the virtues, such as r, litcness, courtesy, patience, or in the faith; is an performance of duty', sential.. Any mother in going about her .;,! self-contr- ol I il i.ivji i,. lltS 1WIU.V..3. null iivvk-J.u- i a!! of contentment and peace,, happiness, the home, that she be master of self. !:, bv'so doinir she would ever be an exanmi. to her family and .a light .to their foot-h;- ,. - : "School thy feelings O my'brother, Train thy warm, impulsive soul, Do not its emotions smother, JJut let wisdom's voice control. School thy feelings, there is power In the cool collected mind, .Passion shatters reason's tower, Makes thcclearest vision blind." Janette C. Miller, Ethel M. IIlwmmikeys RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. CAR HON STAKfc. The Carbon Stake Relief Society nhfu ence was held at Price, August 4, 191 1. President Pauline Pace presiding. After opening exercises and roll cail. show ing, eighteen officers present, remark by President Pace, reporting the stake w ork and financial condition. The wards were reported as being in good order. Edna Davis of the General Board related the legend of Peter and John, and gave e cellent instructions. Sister Susa V. Gate-- , also of the General Board, explained the r t l fquaimcauons oi memners or me is.en.ei . " ciety. Dwelt upon the storing grain and ik making libraries in the Relief Society. subscriber-of advised all members:-tbecome the Exponent. Ii'shop'Albert Bryuer endorsed what had been said, as did also First Counselor Olive; J. Harmon. -- Si-tt- -r 1 . " At the afternoon session. Sister Eliza Horsely made a few remarks the sisters to attend to their duties;. and narrating some of her missionary experi- ences. A solo was rendered by Sister Nellie Wilson. Sister Edna Davis spoke of how faith can be increased' in the home; and Sister Sua V. Gates said the Relief Society of Emery Stake was the first to contribute to the Woman's Building, at Salt Lake City. She spoke of the mother's influence in the home. and instructed the sisters how to dress on coming to the Temple. Elder Arthur AV. Horselv spoke of the good work the Society was nerforminer, also endorsing-t- he remarks of the preceding ' peakers. President Pauline Pace made closing re marks, and after singing .'The Spirit of uocl, benediction' was offered, by bluer Ernest S. Horse v. Mary E. Pace, '. Acting Secretary. - .YELLOWSTONE STAKE. . TheRelief Society annual, conference of Yellowstone Stake was held July 20, were present President Daniel G. Miller ; Bishop A. D. Miller, of the St. Anthony ward ; the bishops of Ashton and Farnum, two high ' councilors,' and Sisters Sarah J. Cannon and Julia P. M. Farns- worm, oi .the General Board, also eight Society Stake officers 1911-Ther- e ; Ke-li- ef . 