ISth of February, 1855, previous mcum--benMany excellent resolutions for the betterhaving 'been his grandfather, his father ment of women were passed and splendid In 1862 he was called and his grand-uncle- .' work was outlined for the 'future. The a mission to Scandinavia, and started out I tab visitors 'had an enjoyable though strenthe cross on horseback to plains without uous time, and returned' in good, health to His or scrip. way was opened up purse again resume their work at honu "he and fore him, however, fulfilled a lengthy, A. W. (. honorable and niission, during which he mastered the Scandinavian' languages. EDITORIAL NOTES. While a man of retiring disposition,,, and r.ut given to multiplying of words or seekThe next numUr of the Exponent, the ing after prominence in public speaking or issue tor December, marks the closing of the public affairs he was nevertheless widely and the time appropriate for a known and beloved for his goodness of year, settlement of accounts. Subscribers will adheart. lie was spiritual in a marked degree, mit that we have been very lenient in push-Jn- g - became his patriarchal lineage and callcollection, and it i with reluctance that ing, and he 'It5vcMl7f(rprrjnTse'"ricli" bessirfgs the matter iVhinted at. now. But important upon the heads of those deserving of them. alterations and improvements-ithe paper An instance of his obedience to the promptiare in .contemplation, for the carrying oiit ng-; of the Spirit was narrated at his funerof which it is quite essential that all sub al to a man who came to receive a blessing scription accounts be cttled and all collecunder his hands, he replied that he did not tions made. Feeling that our patrons will feel like complying at the time ; such a understand the realms for this urgency, we feel visitor he did desired as the not trust they will exert themselves to comply blessing able to pronounce, while such promises as promptly w ith the' request now made. he probably should be led to make, his visitor would not like to hear; and it subseThe General Relief Society has been the quently transpired that the applicant proved recipient of three handsome presents which himself altogether unworthy. add to the adornment of these headquarters. One is a very- beautiful piece of needlework AH the speakers at his funeral, which took place on the 12th inst., testified to his by Mrs. Rebecca Brown, aged 75, in the excellence as a man and his fidelity as a shape of an unfurled flag; the work is quite servant of the Lord; the vast audience in remarkable, especially when one considers the age of the lady. San Juan Stake Reattendance, attested by their presence the esteem in which he was held; and the many lief Society sent a large Navajo rug. the thousands throughout Zion who knew and brightness of whose colors adds to the cheerhave been benefited by association with him fulness of the rooms. The Pine Grove ward of Union Stake, Oregon, presents a sofa will unite in mourning his loss and honoring pillow prettily done in 'white and blue. For his memory. all these we are very grateful, and appre-- . A. Y. C. ciate the thoughtful givers. ts -- -- su-m- s a- . n : UTAH WOMEN AT CHICAGO. Mrs. Emmeline B. Well-- General President of the Relief Society, Mrs, Amy B. Assistant General Secretary, and Mrs. Ardclla W. Eardley of the V. L. M. I. A., were in attendance at the executive session of the National Council of Women held in hicago on the 13th and 14th of Novem ber. . The Utah ladies received ..marked attention and were most active both in. committee work and in the deliberations of the general' assembly. The meetings were in the Auditorium and were attended by representative women from local councils and organizations throughout the land. v A memorial service was held in honor of the late president, Lillian M. Hollister. The first session was presided over by the first Mrs. Kate Waller Barrett, vho after these eercislSAvas taken violent- -' y ill and not "aite to jfeide at any more of the meetings, much To the sorrow and regret of those present. However, 'the corresponding secretary, MrS. Flo Jamison Miller, carried the work along and presided most ably during the: remainder of the ses- :',:Ly-.ma- n. C vice-preside- nt, i 1 ' sion.' ."" " ' ". Following the. adjournment Of the council Miss Jane Addanis of Hull House enter- ;,' tained the delegates at luncheon and They were afterwards shown through that institution and its different departments were explained to them." In the city of Chicago the greatest possible interest is shown in the welfare, of children, aud every possible means is being, taken to preserve life and give proper care and training to the child.. tead of uniform,, and licr special duty will be to keep a sharp 'eye on jersons of her ow n sex. . Mi's. n Beatrice Hale, with her baby daughter, returned from Europe recently t,, take up her lecture uork tor equal suffrage in this counlrv. On the voyage over, Mrs. Hale gave a suffrage address that made a deep impression on her fellow passengers. Forbes-Robertso- -- Mis Rogstead, the first woman to represent a constituency in the Norwegian Parliament, made her lir-- t speech before that body a few da ago, and ft is said that the entire assembly roe when she legan. A New York paper facetiou.slv remarked that uch chiv ' alry w as hot displayed in the subw ay. Rabbi Fphraim Frisch, of Arkansas, in a recent address, -- aid: 'AVe cannot 'have enough of woman's work and spirit in any phase of our endeavors. Woman has the custodian and champion of our very most precious possessions our litera- ture, our music, our art. our homes 'arid our children. Why should we fear extending to her the privilege of voting?" '1 he women tow n councillors are reported to have won in the recent fight in Reykjavik, the capital of Iceland. For several days there was a deadlock in the town council over the lighting of the city. All the men members were in favor of electricity while the women stood solidly for gas. because they w ished to use it for cooking also. After considerable hesitation the mayor cat his he-co- vote-- with the w omen. Yermont suffragists are appealing to business men by means of displaiqiajil advertisements in the leading newspapers setting forth the acknowledged Merits of votes for The selected . chorus of two hundred women as a ..means.for advertisings their Mate. V ermont men who love the freedom voices from the Tabernacle Choir have which your fathers won for vou," reads made a most successful and enjoyable trip one, "pay your debt by winning freedom to New York and other eastern points, and for your daughters. Advertise Vermont bv return laden with immeasurable honor.- The daily papers followed their progress from getting votes for Vermont women.1" The day to day, and it is not necessary to gojnto! Woman's Journal: The aptitude of women for, vocations havany detail of the trij) only to assert out? own interest in the singers individually and ing to do w ith fabrics has gained recognition her and Utah That people from one of the most famous-textilcollectively. schools' have been greatly benefited through this in the world, that in Grayfield, Germany. trip is Without question, for the world w ill Hitherto only men students have been adbetfer realize how education and the arts are mitted, but. the liars have been lowered and encouraged Tier t The fact that the singers in behalf of an' American girl, Bessie Benwere in New York to participate in the nett, assistant director of the Chicago Art exercises of the presentation of the silver Institute and curator of the museum.' Al service to the battleship Utah was also a ready well versed in textiles, she will follow matter; for congratulation ; and the recepspecial courses in the German institute on nation's the the tion Rendered invitation of the head of the school-Mis- s singers by Executive at the White House in WashingEdith Campbell, mcmber-at-larg- e of ton was a marked courtesy not shown to the Cincinnati Board of Education, is a It was, also most fitting that on many. the of Cincinnati University, assist in graduate their return tripthey were able-tshe where her took master's degree, and tile dedicatory services of the monument to also a" year as instructor in ecofor served Oliver Cowdery, one of thejthree. witnesses nomics. She became Director of the of the Book of Mormon, at Richmond, Mo. ,Schmidlapp Fund for Girls in 1908, and a We join heartily in their welcome home. year later it was enlarged under her direction into an employment bureaufor women and girls.- She has been much interested in ; NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. educational matters, the industrial school for girls, and the Wfork Certificate Bureau, We. must now revise our suffrage maps, conducted the Board of is and get ready a big hew star to be sewn def the by direction ofEducation, Miss Caurpbell .joint Nobody will upon- our suffrage flags. and EyN. Copper, Secretary of the National . grudge the trouble. Child Labor Commission for the Middle - . , - - Alborg.is the first Danish city where a woman constable will soon appear "In the streets. She will wear ordinary dress, in- - Western Stales: She has also been greatly interested in the Delaware Industrial Home for Girls, the' condition of which aroused ' 