, w - j ' . 7 23 Woman Exponent - EMMELISE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher A XX IE WELLS CAS SOS. Assistant Editor. ff-rm- ; 1'ublishcci monthly in Salt Lake City, L:tnh. 50 cts. one copy one year, fl.OO; one copy six months, No reduction made for dubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, '25 cts. Advertising rates: Kuril .square, ten lines .of A liberal sj.ace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. non-pnri- discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office rooms 28 and 2l, 2nd floor Mshnp'a Business hours from Muildins:', 40 North Main Street, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every "lay, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. L Ii. WELLS, Salt Lake City, a Knfrrrd at th'r I'osf Officr in Salt xreond ring matttr. Salt Lakk City, Utah t rn. Lae City, XOYE.MUKK, the light which; he had received. Hence he president of the European mission, rctu'min in 1884. He becameajiiember a the cainc to deserve the praise that was so gen- .late First Presidency Tn April, 1910, at:.;- thc erally accorded him, and mentioned promof President John R. Winder, ;iV. inently at hi obcquies, he was tolerant death of other men's beliefs and charitable to all ing this high position for a year and ;. half his death occurring suddenly from i.u:;)r-rhagmen's., weaknesses. This would be a hapearly on the morning of Friday, pier world and a better if there were. more 13. Besides the ecclesiastical offices referred like him in this respect. Perhaps no maifever had in more marked to, he has held many important political and business positions, being prominent in every degree than he the gift of making and retMvement looking toward the advancement taining friends. It would be no less uncomof the state, and enjoying a nation-wide- acplimentary than untrue to say he was without enemies. Thc very qualities that lead quaintance with and prominence anions men of affairs. In conventions and congresses to enduring esteem are sure to provoke occasional and sometimes bitter antipathies. Of where leaders of men meet together to discuss public questions he was a this good man, however, it may be truthfully "said that while there :may have .been and influential figure, and, as said above, had those who disliked him, there was not one an almost incomparable gift for making, and against whom he. treasured enmity. From retaining friends. A. Y. worthy of an honorable man's And that, friendship was his withheld. after all, is as far as any man's and honorable sense should permit him to L'O JOHN SMITH, PATRIARCH. It is not the purpose of these lines to in- It is very seldom that it becomes ncce-a- ry dulge in praise or panegyric of this departed leader in Zion. The Saints all knew and to record in the same issue of any journal loved him. His days from infancy have been the death of two distinguished member- - of spent "among the people in these mountain the same family, both very prominent, in the valleys, and his life has been an open book, community of which they formed a part. filled with, good and faithful-- deeds, with Such becomes the unusual and unhappy dutv acts and words of helpfulness, with constant of the Exponent at this time. devotion to the cause of Truth, with imMention has already been made of thc dethe to alike an motives and inspiration pulses mise of President John Henry Smith. His faithful a the to a comfort and old, young, and kinsman, John Smith, presidhis sure reCross of to the soldier gone ing patriarch of the Church of Jous Christ ward. He will be greatly missed and sin- of Latter-da- y Saints, obeyed the final sumcerely mourned, and his memory will ever mons and passed to his rest late in the night be kept green in the hearts of thc people of Monday, the 6th of November. three who loved him for the true man that he was. weeks lacking one day after his coibin was laid in the tomb. Within a month, thereJohn Henry Smith was born near Kanes-villfore, the Church has had the sorrowful exnow Council Bluffs, Iowa, Sept. 18, of parting from two valiant chief1848. His parents were George A. and perience tains in the Sarah .Ann Libbv Smith. George A. was a nacle has cause of Truth, and the Tabertwice within that brief period put cousin of the Prophet Joseph, their fathers on funeral drapery and been the gathering being brothers, Joseph's father being Joseph, and George A.'s father being John, and both place of mourning thousands. The double bereavement recalls in some respects, though having filled the position of presiding patri- without the awful circumstances, the tragarch of the Church. The infant John Henry at Carthage, in 1844. when the father of was brought by his parents to the Valley in edy one of these leaders and the uncle of both of 1849, where two years later his' mother died, after being an invalid for many years. He them, met their fate at assassins' hands, was reared by his mother's sister, Hannah united in death as they had been united in Maria, also a wife of his fatherland was. al- life. John Smith, the fourth presiding patriways proud to testify of the influence of this of good, forceful woman upon his life. His arch of the Church, was the oldest son boyhood 'years were spent in Provo, where Hyrum Smith, patriarch and martyr, and therefore a brother of President Joseph F. he received such meager educational opportunities as the schools of those early days af- Smith. ' He was born at Kir,tland, Ohio, forded and he later became a telegraph operSeptember 22, 1832, his mother, Jerusha ator, and was chosen counselor in the Fourth Bardcn, dying .when!. he. was five years old. ward" bishopric. After the completion of the. As a lad he went.to Missouri with his father, transcontinental railroad, upon which he la- and his early boyhood was spent among the bored in the employ of Benson, Farr and cruel scenes- - enacted there against the West, he having married in 1866 a daughter Saints; he was also among those banished of one of the firm, Lorin Farr; he declined from the city of Nauvoo, moving westward the offer of a good railroad position in Cali with the family of Ileber C Kimball. While fornia; and returned home,- - and during the camped on the banks of the Missouri river next lew years traveled extensively, among near the present city of Council Bluffs he the" settlements of the $aints jn 'company tenderly "nursed back to health Col. Thomas with his father and President Young. He L. Kane, the devoted friend of the, persewas called on a mission to England in 1874, cuted Saints who, vhile engaged in conbut was hastily summoned home the next, tinual efforts 'to help them, had contracted severe illness, a fever from which he almost died. Brother year by reason of arriving only two weeks before" that great Smith here rejoined his. father's family, and man's death. lie the railway em- remained with them at Winter Quarters on ploy, but was soon after ordained bighop of this side of the river until 1848,- when he the Seventeenth ward, Salt Lake. Citv: He came to the Salt Lake arriving ml valley, was chosen an Apostle in October, 1880; and his sixteenth 07? birthday. two' years later went again to England, as He was ordained to his high office on the t ah 1911 c well-knuu- no-'perso- self-respe- JOHN HENRY SMITH A TRIBUTE. Utter than to be the conqueror of a city or to rie to victorious heights by treading tbe proud passages of human ambition, is to lose selfishness in the service of God and to till one's days with love of humankinil. Farthlv "lories and vanities flash and a tune, but soon pass away, happiness of the completest kind is onlv to l;e gained in tbe wav the Master "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God-witall thv heart, and thv neighbor as thyself." I flat--terr- or hn-fluxw- jig in-dicat- ed: h This admonition is instinctively brought to mind when one thinks of John Henry Smith, servant of God and friend of humanity, whosi; mortal life ended on the 13th of last month. He was indeed a man to be sincerely mourned, for the relation he sustained to thoe who knew him was of thc personal, intimate sort that makes the sense of bereavement heartfelt and deep. At some men's death we feel a consciousness of great public loss we stand stricken, as it were afar otT, in admiration of their conspicuous talents, and wonderment as to where successors shall be found to carry forward worthily their mighty work.- At other men's death, we bow in actual sorrow as when the blow conies against one near and dear to us, the wound being close to our own heart. The latter feeling is the one notably, manifested at thc, removal of. this beloved chief- , tain in Israel, John Henry Smith. Brother John Henry was in the best 'sense an optimist. He never from choice looked at. the gloomy side of any situation. When clouds really were dark and heavy, he was still cheerful and full of hope. lie carried into" his ripe manhood the buoyancy of youth,, to which no obstacle seems insurmountable. No weight of years could have made him old; a'nd his big boyish heart found fitting place in his "fine physical form, and fitting expression in Ins warm and affectionate 'manner. He was a believer in the germ of goodness that is innate in every soul, for he looked upon all men as his brothers. He consigned no one to perdition ior a single sin or even a series of them, but with warm handclasp and hearty words of cheer he reached out after the erring and rejoiced hv their, repentance ; this while he abhorred impurity and had no sympathy with any form of wrong-doinBut his strong sense of justice was always tempered with the splendid attribute of mercy. No bigot he, though knowing beyond peradventure that many wilfully' chose darkness rather than g. n ct co-labor- er e, ! hi's-father'- re-enter- s ed -- ' - . v 