In 1855 she met and. loved John Martin and three 'weeks later was married to him. Stake - "i the (Jwiitc Kyhcf'.j UY, the hardships of Together they suiiered all-t, have Ik-- ii lei;eit of our heluve.i conn- r SiMcr Mary early pioneer' life. Their JioTne was, burned and Nelf.r, bv .the I . S. troops ent to wipe out the P Votmjr. IN MEMORIAM. I . j r- hc j SiH-i'tty- I t i, ! . Jiie u.i :.n inpjr.i"ii a liic IevteJ ot" , to the j,, (he (..wl ..f other-waex an with hni sin- I.ih.ireil. She, "Mormons.' locusts destroyed their crops and they had to live nn "greens" for weeks 'ih.e Indians frightened them, and at 'i time. and beautiful; einpliiu-ati"..ij.ll th.it is jMire hard work was their constant portion her,r y irele in which he min- the A lM'iu- - Aii.4ii, a nubk sullL raise and make their clothes eauM- tliev deeds her her sweet lite, The as well a- - their food. t'aitirfulno-- , will ever li nt r with us. Sister Martin was the mother of twelve Resolved, that wo extend our heartfelt and children, Iter b.n-oe- d children. She ha- - been, an active worker in hem. blesOt mr heavenly Father to and pt; the Church.' Since the organization of a Reand comfort their heart- - in thi- - iumr of ,'t.t tlic lief Society in her ward in 1878, she has lion, a cony t been at its head. She was counselor to the olved. that we it nirfher that hereaved of" this meinonam to the family, president until her death, then she took that a copy ho recorded m the minute- - of our Keliei responsibility in '97 and carried on the work SoVii ty, am! that one be etit to the Woman's until a fall which crippled her necessitated ioneiit for publication. her resignation, only a- short time before wa-thou t mild and lovely, her demise. Her release did not break her dentJe - the Milliliter breeze, enthusiasm and she still kept up her help' a the air of evening. t ful visits to the poor or to the sick. When it tloat- - among the tree-- . Sister Martin was wrapped up in the thou ha-- t left "Deare-- t service of others, and her reward here wa Here thy lo, we deeply feel; The love and respect of those who knew her. Ibit 'ti- - (lod that hath bereft Us. He can all our orrow- heal. She is survived by her venerable husS. F.mma Woodruff, grandcband, six children, T. Harrington, hildren and one ister. Louisa Harris, the Katherine II. lirockbank. mother of Judge Harris of Ogden ; as welk Stake Presidency R. S. as a host of friend won by her ever hopeful, OBITUARY. amiable disposition. DrUSILLA IloI.MKS. Mary l'ratt Young departed this life iler g' - ! t n-liine -. : -- - . t t iiH-iii'-r- j yin-path- l)U-hn- t . nl j I'..- r- - - lre-cn- -- -- I - "Si-te- r, a- I'iea-an- -- u- -. M-t- j -- forty-seve- n -- Si-t- fort to reach her ..mother's side before "death came, she was too late. Elizabeth J. Davis was devoted- to, r husband, home and children, as well .v.';,, the Relief Society of the Twenty--.- , ri,r ward, in which capacity she labored r twenty ''years. The members of the w ani feel in her taking ott a personal Iov: ward meetinghouse was therefore til!. overflowing at her funeral, and loving utes were paid to her memory bv Alfred Solomon and others. A pou:i,!! discourse was delivered djy Jtttlgc Borth f Provo Bishop Alvin Beesley gave a tor. expression of his great appreciation if the life and works pf'thc deceased in half of the distressed, ard urged the !;..:,, hers, of the ward to emulate her getn-- .;v; and interest in the feeble, sick, and po.r. Alice Merrill Home represented the Board of Relief Society and the ward organization and Mrs. ,t tie' I). Bradford six)kc for the stake ccrs. The music was choice and touch::.. MrA Nellie Druce Pugsley sang " and Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward rendered. "1 know that My" Rcdccv.er Lives." Bishop Alvin Beesley acted as accompanist. The Belief Society officers had charge of the funeral services. -- - - ; g : : m-era- T Tv.rti-ty-secon- d 4 Martha I. Wiixky, Secretarv. er at Salt Lake City. Oct. 25. 1911. Funeral service- were held at the Fore-- t Dale chapel on . at ct. p. in.. Bishop James JenSunday, 1 ON. Ro-ary- ." .we laid lust le fore the Christmas-tidaway our beloved President, Elizabeth J. Davis in a profusion' of roses and carna-- ' tiotts. All the earth was covered with a soft mantle of snow. The day was beautiful, and the fragrant flowers .seemed typical of the life of this noble woman, which had been pure and beautiful, .full of the "charity er Elizabeth has that never faileth." indeed been a Mother in Israel. Her kind, inspirational voice, sweet smile and cheerful When .she dispositio.fi won all hearts. crossed the threshold of the distressed she seemed to know intuitively what was needed, and how assistance might be offered without offense to the most sensitive. She was a promoter of harmony and became a power for good wherever her hands touched. It was her privilege to be associated in Relief Society work with both Maria and Elizabeth Xebeker and with Rachel Whipple. She also labored under M. Isabella Home. Clarissa S. Williams and Harriet B. Harker, in the Salt- Lake Stake, and has been recognized as a type of the best ward Relief Society President. ..Sister Davis, whose end, without doubt, was hastened by her 'overw eening care for the poor and distressed, was taken while in full possession of her power and ability in a very active service; A few days longer, would have brought her e' Remarks were made by F.lders N'ephi Jensen, (ieo. M. Cannon, President Frank Y. other-- , who testified eloquently to the in which the deceased was love and Mem. lie iiorai onermgs were iniiiieous uuu beautiful. Interment in citv cemetery. Tay-lor'an- d i PIONEER WOMAN PASSED AWAY. Si-t- Sarah Ann Sargent Martin died at her home in "Wilson. I "tali, ( )ctober 25 th, 1911, after only a few days, illness. i i i i . ta vue w as uorii ai v i.hh , e r.ngiauu, i Di i .. .c . . ecember 1836. In 1X51. the father, then a widower, and his five children, having embraced the gospel, sold their lovely home to'come to, Utah. of thirteen weeks, they After "a for the prepared trip across the continent. After furnishing ample means for crossing the plains to Mr. Kelsey, the elder in charge, they started up the Missouri river by steamboat, but here their real troubles began. The "Saluda" was blown up and Mr. Sargent was later found three hundred feet away with every remaining! cent stolen from his dead boty. ' The .haby' boy was never found, and those left were terribly bruised ' and burned. They were taken tare of until recovery by a kind family, who wanted td furnish them means, to retunKo their old home; if they would give; up the gospel But their dear, father's teachings held sway and they hunted' up Mr. Kelsey. He would only give them an old ox team and one wagon. After their arrival in Salt Lake City, they were destitute, and their trusted .housebe'eper left them: Sister,. Martin, the oldest and then only seventeen, was taken severely ill of typhoid fever, but ft w as a- case) of, work or. starve, and she'had to go to work before sea-voya- ge " , . - , she was recovered. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. ANOTHER WARD PRESIDENT. PASSES Appropriate musical selections were rendered by the choir and I'ro. Charles K. Pike, who sang feelingly. "I know that my Redeemer lives." and "The sen presiding. A 1 - - fifty-ninth'birthd- av, for she was born Dec! 23. I ler native land was "England, where she was baptized in 1866, and six years later came to "Zion." In 1874 she. was married to James B, Davis, in this city. Her husband, one daughter, and three' sons 'survive her.' She had buried .three! childrenduring her' life. : Her.6nly daughter-Elizabet- h, was called" to hasten home from her wedding tour in California, and Though s)ie made every ef- - - , -- I'or those who are not fortunate enough to own a tine roasting pan, it will be a c rt m-fo- to know that a paper bag for purjves. may be purchased at your grocer's tor a nominal price that serves the purp efjually well. The dressed fowl or roa-- t rolled steak or chop, after having been pro. erly wiped off with a damp cloth, is seasoned with epper and salt, dredged with flour and placed within the sack and the end carefullv closed. Place on the oven grate and cook the required time. With this convenience no basting is required, the juices are retained, and the roasting is per roa-t::;- g -r fectly done. . Following are some timely and well en recipes prov- : Cream Salad Dressing. 6 teaspoon ml sugar, 1 of mustard, l2 of salt mixed together; add to. this 2 well beaten eggs and Yi cup vinegar; cook over boiling water until thick as rich cream ; when cold, add 1 cup of cream, preferably whipped. This dressing is served on any vegetable but for fruit salad, omit mustard and use lemon juice .in place of vinegar. , ,. . Salted Almonds Blanche Y lb. Jordan almonds by pouring boiling water on them. Put d cup oliy' oil in small sauceof the pan and w hen hot put In almonds ; fry until delicately browned, stirring to keep almonds in motion ; remove with a skimmer and drain pn brown paper, sprinkled .with salt. Repeat until all" one-thir- one-four- th are-fried- . Uncle Sam : They are sure to get the vote soon, anyway, Santa, and I say make it a Christmas present John Bull may keep his womenfolk down as Jong as he can, but I want --"Peace on earthrgood will to '" ' ' men.". ' .... - 1. .!;., : 