WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 44 . of 4lK,Kocirty,. united AvorWr We have tsisttttab--- Si ;c7Wi Yk& Ms responsibility upon '."if EttMELME B. WELLS, 2LLIS WfeJ'Ufel itMu.. have been called by the Holy- I'nestiiooa and we pray earnestly that we may De anic Oi the rnifl- fli - militias ,v 11 . 5o$nven to US IllilmiJ we shall tri 'ind t(i do SO nccentablv. I JlWj need the faith and support of the First Pres - Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor: - 5- 1 ibllshed monthly fn Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: oncopy on year,. $1.00; one copy six mnwn",.''".""-Nreduction made for clubs. City 'paper delivered Ismail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lfnes of space one time 2.50; per month, f3.00. Aliberal discount to .regular Advertisers jA floor Bishop's 2nd 28 Exponent office rooms and 2'J, Building, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from 10 a. in. to 6 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to o non-parl- Mrs. E.'B. WELLS, Salt Lake Citt, I mh. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City. If, ah as second flats matter. Saxt Lake City, Utah. T Januaky, 191 i OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. of the .organization .of the General Presidency of the Relief So' ciety. Official announcement To the officers .and' members of the several stakes, missions and branches of the Relief Society in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints in all the world In the dispensations of our Heavenly Father, whose hand we acknowledge, in all that pertains to .pur work, here on earth, the Relief Society has been called to part with its failhfuf and honored leader and President, liathshcha V. Smith, after a long life of continued labor and ministrations in the Relief Society and in the Salt Lake v : In both these positions, she was ever faithful and true. She was called to preside over the Relief Society, October 31, 1901, successor to Sister Zina D. II. Young, and was sustained by vote of the special conference of the Church, held in the tabernacle in this city, Temple. - November 10, 1901. . We. thanjc the Lord for Sister Bathsheba W. Smith's'life and labors and those associated with her in the Work, and for those great and valiant women, who preceded her, and we humbly pray that we may be able to carry on the work of which these great and heroic women laid the foundation, and buildcd so splendidly thereon. At a meeting of the General Board of the Relief Society, held in the Relief Society headquarters, in the Bishops' Building, Monday, October 3,-- ' 1910 Presidents Anthon Hf Lund and John Henry Smith, being present, the General Board were notified that Sister Emmeline T. Wells had, been selected as President of the Relief Society. with Sister Clarissa S.' Williams, first counselor, and Sister Julina'L. Smith, second counselor. At the, General Conference of the Church, held October 6, 1910, in the tabernacle in this city, the president and counselors, previously appointed were sustained :by unani- mous vote of the conference. i We humbly desire to aid in the great work el - T idency, the Apostles, Presiding Bishops, Presidents of Stakes, an d ever feel to uphold and with whom, we de tn work in harmonv and to menfat all times, their confidence and blessing. fesilwtuWisTSkclton .Piib. Co., in thi: unique iirappearanct'' 1. city. The and gold and the engraving on ing the cover a ship just coming to anchor with lines thrown out. It is quite different to any book by a home author both in cover and illustration. The book contains over three hundred pages and is printed on clear white paper in the best of type, and well bound, in fact it is "up to date" in stvle and book is in-whit- e finish. The poems have been written at various periods from jcliildhood to the present, covering half a century of time. These verses (Signed.) Km m eline B. Wells, are from the heart of a woman who ha.vfelt President. keenly all that .she has, written, and much more that is unexpressed;" they might apClarissa S. Williams, First Counselor. propriately be called "heart throbs." It would be4 cruel to judge .a poet while Jclina L. Smith, s living, though it is true. we do, arid Second Counselor. harshly, but that we Often' make remarks that are unfair in. speaking, but in writing we should be particularly careful to EDITORAL. NOTES. avoid "criticism, as none of us are perfect The secretaries of the Relief Society in in our work or in our style. all the stakes of Zion, and also in missions However, we have only fair words of and branches here in our own country and praise for this book and the poet ;the wonder in foreign lands arc requested to make com- is that in view of all the circumstances she had the courage to launch a book upon, the plete rejKjrts of statistical and financial con1 market at this particular time. , ditions for the year 1910 from January We are proud of every "Mormon" womto December 31, of said year. It is also requested- that apy changes made in officers, an who has brought out a volume "either of new organizations effected, and in fact any prose or poetry, and we rejoice in the asmatter of importance pertaining to the work surance that there will yet be many libraries of the Society be given in addition to the of our works of our own people instead of a book here and there and we predict many report. "This notice is official. The Vermont party, as it was called, held of these books yet to appear will be writin the Social Hall in this city on the anniten by women. birthMany of these poems date back to a time versary of the Prophet Joseph Smith's Verwhen there was no electric light or gas, day was a great success socially. The mont dinner was in all respects typical of and only wood-fire- s to sit by in the evening, New England, chicken pie with all the esbut thoughts were as poetic, as. when lights sential viands that belong thereto, baked are brilliant, and Ellis Shipp has always been beans, brown bread. pumpkin pic and ginger- an early riser, and like Sister Eliza R. Snow, bread and nuts and raisins, one need not could write in the morning. It will be recalled bv those who see the go into particulars, the cooking was of the - n A . n t si best quality and the (linner in the, way of Lru"L "T (a T inac " tliof a. iiiu.L auuiui liiivo, ij all could was that desired he enjoyment by tor, a graduated physician, and has practiced the most fastidious. There was some fine more than thirty years : meantime has ... trav- music and a little pleasantry, in which a few eled much in this western country from Canparticipated ; some recitations were given ada to Mexico, and in several of the largest also a fine reading by Miss Maude May cities of the east, and has a wide experi F. President Joseph Smith made an ence among people of manv communities: excellent address alluding to the trip to Ver- This is all helpful to a writer dviner new im- mont taken in the winter of 1905. and the petus and increasing stores of information. event is commemorated each year a custom remaps one ot the poems that wrould which has become sort of permanent now. specially please manv of our neoole. those r ' j President Smith in his remarks told many who crossed the plains in early days would interesting things pertaining to the building be "The Grave in the Desert" and the of the monument:? and paid a high, tribute only very-lonpoem is entitled, "The Life of praise to Jenius F. Wells,; whose perseCelestial" divided into several parts and verance under conditions had been quite re- covers about forty-seve- n pages, the first submarkable ; mentioned that some pictures had heading is a prelude entitled "Meditation." arrived that day and been hung in the. hall, and is admirably written in a very lofty and they were scenes from the historic grounds. impassioned style. It is not exactly'Hebraic Booklet souvenirs were criven to. all the .but tends towards that form of composition. ., quests, containing views of the birthplace, Some of the dainty verses are very sweet. the" monument, etc. Dr. Seymour B. Young "Aunt Zina's Jewels," "The First Rose of led. in singing, "Onward Christian Soldiers Summer." "Dawn," "Echoes," "Faded and the exercises closed with a benedicFlowers." The poem, to "My Father" is tion. The party was very enjoyable and very touching, and the one entitled "Progreat credit is due the ryoung women who gress" is certainly one of the very best in made' it possible to have such an point of merit. One could go on summing dinner, such excellent cooking, and up the sweetest and best, but where there is girls, who waited Upon the table; great variety it is not easy to select but we most of them the President's daughters' recommend the book as an excellent ne for Were dainty and sweet in white, mul crvJ the young people 'thread, and to select from the company sumptuously. for recitations, and x hope the ship (the , : sonic-time- ; - -- - l-- L1 1 v i r-- e- a-- " . Bab-coc- k. - x . g " old-fashion- the-you- ng ed 