lated on the good work accomplished. These annual visits .to the different stakes bring lie women of Zion iifto closer, relationship, and .are the means of broadening and extending the work. The genial hospitality of he people in their homes and the grateful expressions of satisfaction and pleasure manifested towards the visitors is much appreciated by the ladies of the General Board, and repays them fully for the sacrifice they make in leaving their homes and giving their time to this great Relief Society work. The mutual friend livers and affection existing between the sisters of the different stakes, and those of the general board is largely due to these visits. Being brought into closer relationship and exchanging ideas, as well as receiving instruction from those in authority, is certainly beneficial and helpful to. those engaged in the work. It has not U'en deemed advisable by "the authorities of the Church for the sisters "to visit the take in Mexico on account of the inward disturbances in that country, but aside from that it is believed that before the close of the ear Relief Society, conference will Hnvp been visited by the sisters in every stake of i -- Zion. . MISS ALICE LOUISE REYNOLDS. ('First Utah lady to obtain a degree in Fng-lis- h University.) Miss Reynolds whose full name is given above has returned recently from abroad, where she has been studying and has succeeded remarkably well and reached the "dignity of receiving a degree in an honor which comparatively, few American women have ever obtained abroad. She is the first from Utah to receive this reward of merit, and the Utah women are certainly honored in her successful achievement of this dis. tinction. n It is a giib- have, when in some of the famous ihstitutions'o'f learii-ig- n in other. lands. It is well understand that women students at Oxford and Cambridge and tit her great English schools are not' granted a degree, this is only done in the University of Fon. don therefore Miss Reynolds' made choice of that celebrated institution and studied at three of the many collegesof that University King's College on the Strand in South Kensington and' University College. The courses shy selcctpd were special studies in Tennyson,' Arnold and Browning and" a course in higher criticism by Professor Ker, a course in the romantic poets, by Guth-keltcand one in. English history, bv Professor Polland. Shcalso did research work h. in the library of the British Museum, on the history of the t Tudor period and in the life and works of Browning. Miss Reynolds-iappears, had privileges of social intercourse that are new to some of us not familiar with English schools, etc. One very charming feature is a .4 o'clock tea served in the women's rooms, and considerable fricdnliness prevails during" that hour among the students. Oiapel was an interesting period, no one is admitted except wearing the regulation costume. There are many very new and interesting things, that could be mentioned in connection with sMiss Reynolds' studies in these great old English institutions and libraries and it is well for women who are desirous of gen eral information along literary lines to be come acquainted, with these things from those who have been among these wonderful places and actually partaken of the uplifting tendency of the higher and broader fields and have come home to us with the humility that is characteristic of a t - true latter-da- y Saint. Miss Reynolds has visited many of the old cities on the continent, and we all know travel is educational in the truest sense to those who are at all observing, consequently the lady must have, a mine of information to impart to those who come within her sphere of activity. She has been invited and is expected to make an address, during tne afternoon of the Relief Society Conference in the Salt Fake Assembly Hall in this City, an- early in October the date not yet fact that our boys and studying in colleges and universities in America, been quite success-m- i in any line of education as specialists or tlierwise which thev have undertaken. nounced. The women of Utaliwill feel a pride in '.'; success of Miss Reynolds and will look rward with fond anticipation to results in THE LUND HOME. her future pursuits of knowledge in the lines "f work wherein she has specialized. I low many women in the Church. wonIt has long been known among the peoder,, know anything about the institution ple of this state, that .MissReynolds was a known as the Fund Home. Shortly after brilliant scholar, and was doing excellent the years work of the Betterment Committee v. n rk in the Brigham Young University. a, work undertaken by some citizens purely :K1 now we are has she. that justly proud out ot love for the youth of this citv who en awarded this "high degree," from so seemed to be just growing; like weeds in big, as the London Unifamous some dense forgardens or undergrowth-inversity. It is very well known how critical est without' discipline of any kind, without these learned professors are, and therefore care, and yet children of the state who. if vve feel assured that Miss Reynolds has taken in hand bv some one and guided aright "won her spurs" honorably and must have might become good and useful men and F'en diligent in season and out of season, women in the community, well, as I started in she succeeded could have not meriting ;r it was the conditions of these, shall honor conferred. We are aware that we call them wayward bovs and girls or just jt is quite impossible to slight one's some of led that and for uncared boys girls nHhose old and famous instiutions of learnour thoughtful men to raise means and use ing influence 'with the authorities to purchase a Miss Reynolds held the position uq pieclreadv-owneg large tract of Professor of English in the Brigham bv the Church which had school Young University at Provo for sixteen building thereon, and open a home, for bovs. years, and fianlly decided to travel through This home is kept up almost wholly by the some of the European countries and study Church., and besides ".providing a' home for well-know- ; T ' 1 . to-sa- t'-- w-or- k these little fellows where the kindest attention possible is given them, it also afTords opportunity for work, school and play. The only regret connected with the intsitution is that enough people aro not sufficiently interred to assist in this good work by contributing, somewhat if ever so little towards the place. A home such as this for children should be made attractive with beautiful pictures,- good books, and pretty things so far as possible and there are many people no doubt who would be glad to give sometthts kind to the home, if the mathing-of ter was brought to their auction. While the founding of this borne was a beautiful idea, one wonders why some such similar .place was not provided for little girls as well. --Don't : think that the Inn's are the nly ones necessary to save, and'those who know will tell you that it is much easier to reform a boy who has gone wrong than it is to reform a girl. Probably one reason for this is that the boys are soon taken charge of by the officers, while the girls inclined to do wrong are left longer in the home where the environment is anything but what jt ought to be. One of the women officers of the Juvenile Court, when talking to a father about his fourteen-year-ol- d girl one day, was told by that unworthy parent, that the only way to deal with that girl was to take an ax to her;" the lady replied, "No wonder your little girl is delinquent when youtspeak like that." This same little girl was allowed to remain in that home with that father and the environment that such a parent would naturally have in his home for two years, and at the end of that time it became necessary for the Juvenile Court to send her to the State Industrial School, where she now is an immoral degenerate. Perhaps had there been a home for girls similar to the i t - r L.uiiu liumc r.,ii.' iui uupwiim mic cuumi nave i)cen placed earlier, she might have beer, saved. The work of the Big Sisters in trying to reform and care for the girls after dismissal from the Industrial Home, is most commendable, but how much better it would be could 'we save the little girls before the Industrial Home becomes the only alternative, for after they have once been inmates of that institution it is almost hopeless to try to reform them. Withr the boys it is different, they are in for petty thieving,, truancy, and delinquency and such offenses and the reformation is not so hard, but with education and proper training they leave the TT C me .superinuener t.uui il. rionie wiser anuJ .t.ii. tendent will tell you ilf you ask, and it is known to be true, that almost every girl there is immoral, and when she is discharged she doesn't as a general thing, care to reform, but in her maturer years prefers the indolent rollicking life of the underworld to the higher, better, life of true woman- hood. The blight is on her am she cannot throw it off. Mothers, don't your hearts ache when you think of these poor girls.' Fathers, don't you think a home should be provided to save these little ones from sin-- ' human- God bless those who strive ity in iiny way, but surely most of all those o who try to save humanity, v - i- .i ' -. : T - ; to-hel- -- Annie W. Cannons A ' . 'tant s. Tand-gainin- d JThe gion of Honor has been wojTjby,vMme. Le Barillier, of Paris, who has acquired fame as a poet and story writer under the name h oft Jean Bertheroy. much-cfiVete- dj ' . 