WOMAN'S EXPONENT. GG rcasurer and Louie T. Brown was appointed. Nellie O. Parker,. Assistant Secretary, resigned and Mav S. Glazier was appointed. GeorgeX Talor was appointed by the in High Council to visit the organization place of J. H. IVisby, Ii. D. Partridge and Pent Johnson, Jr., who were released. An excursion to Wandamere, Aug. 31st, 1910, proved to he a great success, both socially and financially, after paying, all expenses the Society received $53.10. At our last conference we were greatly favored with a lecture on Morality, by RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. UTAH "STAKE. ' ; is ,1 ' The Relief Society X' inference , of 'the I "till QtnL-liclrl .V Siinii'H'l C. Al)ri wnc V III ' ' II IIJ Jt(-V.O 20th, 1911. The singing was furnished by the Stake Relief Society choir consisting "of fifty' members.' After the opening exerci-- e of the morn- ing session! Sister Julia' Maycock wel- coined tne sisters and Inez, k. Alien re- spended.. Miss Louie Robinson sang, "He leadeth me." ...... The secretary read the summary of the yea A' work. General President,, Emmclinc B. Wells, spoke of the organization of the Church; also of the transformation of Hrigham Young when the 'mantle of the Prophet Joseph fell upon him, and the superior .personality of the Prophet Joseph Smith. General counselor, Clarassa S. Williams, spcflce of the early trials of the saints and their final triumph in reaching a place where they could worship God according to their own conscience; compared them to the early settlers of America. Bishop Oliver Huntington spoke of the first Relief .Society and the good they have done from then until now. c ounselor noiorooK urged tne imuy mothers to gain the confidence of their daughters.- Sifter 1'ercia Bunnell spoke of the proper training of children and providing work for them. General Counselor Julina L. Smith jMDke of preparing our chihlrcn, both sous and daughters, for missions. After closing exercises meeting adjourned until two. o'clock. A splendid dinner was' served to one hundred and fifty visiting ladies. p X, fc. J " " I . , " Dr. Joseph Peterson. The stake officers feel it their duty to assist all it is possible, in visiting the sick and aged, so have been arranged in groups of three, to visit the different wards in the stake. Reports of the presidents of all the wards in the stake have been heard by the stake officers and greatly appreciated. All are in excellent condition. The Proyo Second Ward Society raided $1,000.00 for their meeting house. The Provo Fourth Ward has installed a temple fund, by making and selling clothing and quilts. When a worthy person desires to work in the temple and have no funds, the Society sends them, thus increasing the interest in temple work among the saints. The Society purchased a steel wheat tank that has given perfect satisfaction. All associations report wheat in good condition. , The special missionaries report having visited a great nany homes of all denominations, and with but few exceptions have been treated nicely. They are doing much good. The committee to visit the sick have done all in their power to relieve those who are sick. During the past year Pleasant Valley and Winter-Quartetwo. of our wards have rs been taken from us and given to the Carbon Stake, thus making a difference in pur report both statistical and financial. .. . - PieanT!'- - . The afternoon session was largely attended. After" opening exercises the general and stake officers wet'e presentedand unanimously, .sustained. George S. Taylor, visiting committee man from the High Council. .spoke of the testimonies of those who knew the Prophet Joseph. Read a portion of the revelation on the Word of Wisdom, also spoke of Prohibition, and urged the sisters to studv the i; tcvreueraii trresment t. 'i r,mmeiinc tue.suou. n. Wells, said the organization of the Relief Society was the first woman's organization effected" in the world, urged the sisters to, maintain the dignity of the Relief Society. A quartette Sarah G. Ramsay, Sarah R Jones, Etta F. .Whitehead, and Pearl Jones, all of Provo, sang, "Tarry with me, oh my Savior." General Counselor Clarassa S. Williams spoke of proper employment for children. General Counselor Julina L. Smith spoke of genealogical work and the good it is doing. Sister Lizzie Glispie accompanied by, the choir sang, ."Ah angel from on high." President AL A. I'. Keeler liiade a few closing remarks. After closjng exercises conference adjourned for six months. May S. Glazier, Assistant Secy. ; uy juiiii ii. xiuubun jutt President Hollands made some closing remarks, was pleased to see so many preS. Singing, "Count Your Many' Blessings." Benediction, Counselor Elizabeth ' Jones. Mary E. Daltox, Secretary. '. Annual Day at Fillmore. Sisters of the Fillmore Relief Society and visitors of the ;ward met in the Latter-daSaint Chapel, March 16, 1911, in commer-atio.of Annual .Day whicli is March 17, 1911. Presided over by President Mary y n Jane Kelly; Song, "O Ye Mountains High," sung by the congregation. Singing was led by Rob- ert King. Prayer by Bishop Brunson. Congregation sang, "We Thank Thee O God for a Prophet." The following program was rendered: ' Lecture, "The Key Turned in Behalf of Woman," by Sister Ann. E. Peterson. Duet, . sisters Rhoda Melville and Dora Anderson. Reading, Sister Julia Day, Essay, "The general presidency, of the Relief Society from the first organization to the present time,' given by Sister Gertrude Robison. Song, Sister Stella Day. Recitation, Sister Nellie Huntsman. Bishop Peter L. Brunson spoke for a short time, said he had enjoyed the excellent program, and that of all the organizations the .Relief Society was in lead. Spoke of Sister Yates, of Scipio coming back in vision to Brother Orvill Thompson. Piano solo, Sister Katherine Woodhouse gave some very good advice. President Kelly then stated she was pleased to see so .many out, and hoped to sec as many present to our regular meetings. Spoke of the mothers' plan for 1911. Names of doners were then read. Continued further by congregation singing, "Guide Us O Thou Great Jehovah." Benediction by Brother Robert King. Edna M. Trimble, Secy Party At Black foot. Minutes of the Relief Society Anniversary of the Roy ward of Weber JStake, held at the Roy meeting-housMarch 17th, 1911. President .Charlotte A. Hollands, presiding, there were one hundred and fifty people present. Singing, "O Ye Mountains High prayer by Bishop Thomas Hollands. Singing, "Praise to the Man' 'Minutes of the read and approved. The was rendered as follows : program Sister Martha ' Jane Hammond, gave a short talk on the first 'organization of the Relief Society, and gave "the names of the brethren and sisters that: were present. Song by . Esteile Baker. Song by Jedediah Ham-mon' Instrumental music, by Loyinia " Brown. Song by John. H. Hobson and daughter, Lovinia. Recitation by Elizabeth Gibby. Comic reading by Ha'ttie Gibby. Song by the two sisters Gibby.- Select readSummary of Year's Work Ending 'March ing by Emma Hammond. Song by John H.. Hobson. . During the, past year a number of changes We next; had ar Tew remarks' by Sister have been made in the stake organization. Sarah A. Field. Said she always rejoiced Catherine Bassett .resumed as rnksTrmn in the Gospel and inthe Relief Society work, and De'lefet Grey was chosen to "fill the ' said her testimony had been strengthened vacancy. by; searching after theHruth.. e, d. - " ent. Annual Relief Society at Roy. . ana company Ust Thursday, March 2, 1911, a very pleasant surprise was given our President, Mrs. Catherine Hesse by the members of the First Ward Relief Society, it being the anniversary of her birthday. After the regular meeting, all were invited into the main hall of the Latter-da- y Saint Chapel where a long table was spread with everything that "goes to make the heart glad." A splendid spirit prevailed; toasts, sentiments and songs made the hours pass pleasantly. Mrs. E. J. Priestly, Counselor to President Hesse in behalf of the members in a neat speech presented President Hesse with a beautiful hand painted cracker jar as a token of the love and esteem in which she is held by her corlaborers. - Cornelia H. Clayton, Rec. Secy. - " '. . j NOTES AND NEWS. a Alborg is" the first Danish city where woman constable will soon appear in tne streets. She will& wear ordinary dress, instead of uniform ana! her special duty .will be tr kpen n diarn pvp nn nersons of hcr own sex. 