VbMAN'S;EXPQNENT. 4G - - ' 'vf . -- As their! wc.Tty.. feet. tQ'uclrtn'e" shining4 . r the-hca- . LSICH'.kAI'IUCAI.. The parents of Mrs. Young, wife of the late President Brigham Young, were of the Ier father Knrdand Puritan families. Vm. II, b'olsom wa born in Portsmouth, Xew Hampshire, and her mother Zurviah I social-hous- -uj - nt ; lie-wa- s rever-ejicedjJmo- st . . ;- J-ra- 1 1 . . Tint in his remarks- said Elder Heber lie nad Known lister nmeiia since six years old and had greatly admired her, but had not been so intimately associated as with Sisters Emily Partridge and Lucy Decker Young, those two jofthc? wives of Brigharii Young he hTdHoved and her during 4he entire lime.' Sister Frances Wallace, her. other sister Louise Drown was with her always when it was possible to be away from her husband and children. Her brothers Ilyrum, Burdctte and llinman Poise mi were devoted 4o her. in their attentions and gave all possible assistance. In fact she ba the ve ry est ca re a nd f rom those - who loved her tenderly. Sister Amelia will be greatly missed in her own family and "by her friends, whom she was fond of entertaining, associated with members of the Young family, who appreciated those parties, and on all these occasions there was an atmosphere of refinement and good fellowship. fn a certain, sense Sister Amelia was a host in herself, she had superb moral courandwas quite cap age, and aide of standing alone, notwithstanding in her married life she never had that of-deat- l)V .' heantifnl city. One sister remained with mediate iamilr. Before jiicy rest they pass through the strife, One hy one. they enter life, Through' the waters One by one. . To some arettlic floods of the ri.i-- still v ciily hill; s they ford on theirVay to To others the, waves rtn fiercrly ati-- will, Yet they reach the hotnc'Oi the utideiilol ' . One by one." ... . tllOSe . ; ". .,' history. ountr family ...ilorStOOd . J One 'by one. : ' ' . A':xXrc - fprc ..w a.m-jmumu tv all toosc weary During cA-W;Av.tU the i..: :i k; ' TKcyre gathering JumTcward from every lariil,' Une oy one. ,. - as jniicli iLsJiisown-niother- . he said no higher tribute could be paid Sister Amelia than the fact that President YoutuA wives loved .his young wife. He closed by saying, ,rMay we all be as faithful as this sister has been." President FrancisM. Lyman had been well acquainted with Sister Amelia said they were - . e nearly the same age; alluded to her many estimable qualities, thought licr a very remarkable woman; she had been for some years a great sufferer and her death was a great relief, he rejoiced that he had known her and her sterling integrity; said, may the Lord help us to follow so excellent an example. "My nnicn loved iMe?, thou hnt reached the Sister Emmeline B. Wells, who had goal; known Sister Amelia more than half a cenThe dark dull river and thy enfranchised soul tury spoke of" her exceptional ability in Giver.'" Is with the places of trust and importance in the transaction of business, and of her. rare accomSister Amelia Young's death was peaceful plishments in entertaining strangers, especiat last after all her pain 'and suffering and distinguished people, either at home or it must have been a happy release, und no ally in public gatherings, she had often been doubt she was warmly welcomed after pass spoken of as a magnificent queenly woman. ing through the change by those loved ones Sister Ameh'a couJ(lbe (lepeiKledninon, never u ,;,.i,ai,.i tt rrr rrrttr rr v vtltTt tl slighted her friends or passed them by, she was a strong character, an ardent woman "Bcyond life's trials and cares, Its .hopes and 'joy, ii weariness and sorrow, sulTragist. Miss Anthony was very proud Its sleepless nights, its days of miles and tears, to introduce her to celebrities in Washington Will he a long veet life unmarked by years, as the 'wife of Brighani Young. Mrs. Wells One bright unending morrow!" spoke with much sympathetic feeling of the The funeral services of Sister Amelia F. bond of friendship which united them and of the many excellent qualities Sister Amelia Young were held in the Fourteenth ward chapel in this city, Bishop Elias S. Woodruff possessed. The closing hymn, "Sister thou wast mild presiding. The i'all was artistically draped in white, and lovely," was rendered by the quartet, and the service dismissed with prayer by and the many floral tributes about the platform and in 'and around the bier gave the Patriarch John Smith. appearance of a festival of flowers, rather Many' carriages filled with mourning than funereal gloom. On the stand and friends followed the hearse to the final rest- Thecoffin was platform were the speakers and many old ing and faithful friends of President Young, deposited in a vault. Elder Hiram Folsom I lie services opened by the singing of dedicated the grave, after-thgrave-wa- s We'll Understand," by a quar- - ered the many beautiful gifts of flowers were tetr beautifully rendered. Prayer was of- - tenderly laid upon the mound, the last tribute fered by Bishop George Romney. The quar- - to her memory of loving relatives and tet rendered "O My Father." .President friends. Seymour B. Young was the first speaker, ne paid a loving ami glowing tribute to his Aunt" Amelia, recounting many incidents in Social gatherings. her life experience and particularly her loyal A devotion to his uncle Brigham, in his deAbout fifty friends gathered at Durham clining years and his last illness ; he especiHouse. Livernnnl M nndn v m'o-bthe 14th blest the mourners and friends, and al- inst, for a birthday ally party in honor" of Sisluded to her as ,.thee embodiment of honor ter Lydia S. Clawson. The evening was and goodness. Verv eniovnhlv :rfnf with mncir crnrhPS. and orant sang very sympatheti- - retreshments. Sister Clawson was present-call- v ; u5as i'uuu a solo.' "Who ire--" thc W1 'with o vK..:r..t n m.. u..t.i. ' wiiu a UU1UU1U1 MIVCl J uun UUUU 'y m,U vi ,ijr j white.' token ot love and esteem. The affair was , rresicient -. Kicnard W . Young- grandsoK; a surprise on Sister Clawson and in, that ui iicsiueuL cnrialUr wtic a rntTinletC at the ireSDCCt. 'as vfd1 loungspoke delighted in making her friends happy and requestof the urignam family, he gave a very concise :iiccess. T loved the society of young people, but was anu vivid portrait ot her character and The Relief Society of the Kidderminster also particularly tender and 'deferential to summed the remarkable incidents hranch up briefly "those in .years. Her home was ( Birmingham conference) gave a really a haven and circumstances connected with her life 14th. of rest to her until during her last illness in the of which she was a member conce.rtIonday evening, November family a she suffered so intensely that there seemed nprirlf Inlf i .11111 . llUllilJCri III tt ' remarks no alleviation of pain. gators Wnreserit Botlrsaints anWriends -.u were upon mat- - gave their series free. The proceeds' were Elia Clark, in West SulTolk. Conn. Miss Clark was educated for a teacher and went west to Ohio to teach school. The father, a young man, must have drifted westward too, for it was in Ohio they were married, but subsequently made their home in Buffalo, New York. It was there Amelia, the first child was born, August 23,, 1838. We have neither time nor space to tell the story of Amelia's, girlhood, we know however, she grew uf a beautiful girl, and was always exceedingly popular, she taught school in Omaha in the early. days of that city, just previous to coming to Utah in 1860. and on her arrival in Salt hake City she was die favorite partner at all the balls and parties; she had many offers of mar riage (according to report ) but finally made j choice of President Prisjham Young, which is not at all surprising to any of us who know him well, for he was a "courtly gentle-- J man of that early time." The marriage was solemnized on the 24 of January, 1863. Of subsequent events the public are familiar, Sister Amelia was almost his constant companion in his journeying through the Stakes of Zion, among the people. The wives previously married had homes and interests that required .Hie mothers and President Young needed at that time of life constant attention ; he had endured great hardship's in early life and pioneering a new country, founding a, Territory is not only physically wearing on the body hut a continuous mental strain. In his travels among the people, the spiritual welfare and progress was not all, he could see at a glance what was Necessary to better their temporal conditions in cverv settlement die; visited, or passed through ; the most remarkable man in 'these respects we have ever known! Sister Amelia was not only faithfully devoted to him as a wife should be. but she was a natural nurse and through her delicate efficiency in this respect became necessary to him, which possibly gave rise to the current report of her being "the favorite wife." Sister Amelia was one of the, women who could make a home beautiful, 'and who loved her own house and was fondly attached to the surroundings ; she cultivated flowers and" vines and was anxious to make the home attractive outside as well as inside. She was industrious and an excellent manager. She self-confiden- t t ' ce , 1 . !. ! ! i f . . - . - i j j . ed. place-oFthe-deceas- me cov-"Someti- e , ; j i . -- , t . , . . v , - I . .n's r.l:,tT uy -h- Il1t-IIII- 