nicturesnuc and successful cele brations of this ha,ppy occasion. The characteristic display upon the streets as preserved in word painting by those who have EililEUXE V. li'EIXS, Editor mid Publisher in early life taken part in the songs' and AXXIE WKLUi CAXXOX. Aisittant Editor. festivities,. the general music and display of Term: Utah. Lake City, l'ublishol monthly in Salt its accompaniments, is quite beand cojor 50 cts. nix month", one copy one year, $1.00; one'eopy be seen yond description on paper: it must No reduction made for clubs. City paper delivered by and heard to be effective. To .he candid, it mil, extra for postage one year, 25 ctx.ten lines of Advertising rates: Kach aquare, is quite impossible to do the thing except at A liberal 3.00. one time 2.50; per month, apace Christmas time when the true Christmas discount to regular advertisers. and all hearts are Kxponent office rooms 28 and 2'J, 2nd floor Hishop's spirit is iti the atmosphere Building, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from touched with the overilow of vitality that 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Inibhlcs forth in bursts of merriinent and Address all business communications to such gayety jovousiiess. There is evidently Mrs. K. M. WKLliS, Salt Lake City, U tah. in'the air that it intoxicates the brain of all those who are susceptible to tie influence Knitted at the Pout. Office in Sail Lake City. (itah that uplifts as it were the humor of the u$ leeouJ rli$ matter. and people at Christmas time. The feelings kindwith the touch of human Salt Lakk Citv, Utah Dkckmhkk, 1911 emotions, ness, that pervade the home and the family circle at Christnlas time instil a general CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS. tenderness throughout all the village or is so much of goodness in the To those who love the Christmas season town. There that holiday times are welof joy and festivity there conies an apjcal workaday world than would be possible for greater things than eating and drinking comed more joyously Christmas. and making, merry. It is good to give and perhaps without After all, the celebration of Christmas Messed to receive, and yet' there is someand accomplishes far more good thing more precious still; it is the Christ promotes than evil, even though folly and extravaspirit that 'would make sacrifice for others, in to a great extent. the sublime charity that enters into the soul gance are indulged of friendship's of men and women, that loves all humanity Hospitality and the renewal of families all. in the spirit of the great Master, 'who when ties; the, meeting together these things make for that peace and unity He was upon the cross cried, "Father, forwhich is most desirable. Nothing in life is give them for they know not what they do." and There is at present too much ostentation more to be encouraged among friends kindreds than good fellowships, and the and show about Christmas; and it has behas the tendency come more or les ficiiioralizing instead of coming together sociallyeliminate ill feeling and to develop the uplifting in its tendency. Kxchangc of to courtesies of a simple and unaffected nature, more excellent qualities of the heart and our souls, and to that are latent-igreetings and congratulations, tender and mind a desire for the higher aspirations truly sympathetic, are ever acceptable, and create we should treasure these as jewels of the which produce harmony and lift us above the petty weaknesses in ourselves or in others. brightest lustre. It is hardly possible to conceive, much less Good cheer is always enlivening and when and grace is said, then - to depict in. words, the rich blessings that the feast is ready have come to mankind through the birth and smiles, jests, and merriment prevail, and after that, what more? Old songs are sung ministrations of the Savior. and stories told, and fond recollections unveiled. Thus the soul is feasted. "Gladly we sing on the Christmas eve Of the 'a he that was horn so long ago, And so we say, "Christmas brings gladAnd of Mary, the mother so sweet and pure, ness and joy." ' And of all the sorrow she lived to endure tr,Vs "in Woman's Exponent its- - jjon-parl- n - - I . In the days of the wand'ring to and fro." - - - We should show by our good works that we do appreciate the advent of our Lord find "Master jnto this world. When Jesus said unto Peter, "Lovest thou me?'' there was depth of meaning in His words; and to ..emphasize His meaning He repeated His words, "Lovest thou me?" And the injunction that followed, "Feed my sheep," was indeed significant of the love lie felt for those who needed the bread of life. We cannot all "minister as our Lord did but w e .have within us what will help fry word or deed those wJio are weary and heavy laden ; and in pur organizations we should cultivate and cherish the charity that feels for THE ROSE. . - -- - - - he "Of love triumphant, love's exhaustless j. i1;), the rose, a symbol and a sign! Let no rough hand, with vandal touch, pr ;.ii;c The Rose whose beauty makes its life di.ine." We would scarcely dare to think of writing a poem about roses after reading Alfred Lambourne's verses on the rose they Ik-hol- d are .so beautiful. The story of the rose, its meaning and the sentiment it suggests, and almost expresses in itelf, thrill one to overflowing, and kindle within the poetic fire that make one desire to drink freely at the Pierian spring. "The Rose from all this beauty takes a part, While now Life's deepest passion rules the Hour, Now opens to the Light its fragrant Heart The wondrous Richness of the perfect Flower." It is impossible to give a good idea Of this marvelous poem unless one had time to study" it well; but Utah may well be proud of the book, so perfect in every detail that it would seem impossible to find any fault either in the poem itself, its setting or its finish from type to cover. Mr. Lambourne has contributed some of the choicest literature that has ever been produced in the state of Utah. All of his books have been carefully written and hand-- , sqmely published, and make a valuable collection for any of the several libraries in the state, He certainly possesses the true genius of Poetry and though born in a foreign country, our own America may well be proud of his writings. Had his life been spent in England, where there is more of history and romance than in America, he might perhaps have won the distinction of to the king or queen. 1 poet-laurea- te " Choir, Now paid the Debt that Love to Beauty owes And in the Heart, the One Immortal Fire!" NOTICE. Undoubtedly the author of this exquisitely tender poem of passion and sentiment has entered, as it were, into the. very heart of throughout Zion, and indeed everywhere in nature and the philosophy of life. the world where the sisters are organized, is a richness and 'There depth of feeling do try to attend to the Avants of the needy in the poem itself, that cannot be arid afflicted and to scatter deeds of kind- -' expressed in words, and is apparent only to the soul ness and shed rays of sunshine and hope of one who has the appreciation of heights upon the pathway of life in the true spirit and depths, of joys and sorrows, of mortal J r. of love. "From .our knowledge of Christmas- fes- - life; verging, as it were, upon the spiritual and the unknown. tivities, England surpasses all other conn- The true poet and wise philosopher drink - . "Y,es, now the Rose, the wonder of the Rose The Summer's Queen that lists the Summer's . "others'woes" and minister to their wants in. so far as it is possible. The Relief Society in the various wards deeply at the hidden, fountains of the eternal spring, the source oi wisdom and knowledge of the infinite. Poetry and song arc gifts of the highest order heaven has bestowed upon human beings ; and where they arc combined v, i$ art, the possessor is assuredly favored with w hat is termed artistic temperament.One is at a loss to express the thuuolts and emotions that come involuntarih to one's mind when reading this delicate" ;md Rose." gracefully written' pocm-r-"TThe rose itself suggests, we naiur.dly think, lovers in a garden of roses. A sacred thought: . We are again constrained to remind agents and subscribers that an immediate and complete settlement of all outstanding accounts is urgently desired. Changes that are in contemplation with reference to the Exponent make it necessary that these business details.be attended to; and patient as we have been in the past, and still feel to he, our friends will consider it not improper, wc trust, to be asked now to assist in closing tip properly and in a business wav everv possi ble account. The response to our recent re- minder lias been quite gratifying ; and m thanking pur friends .for this, we earnestly", request them to' continue the good w ork, and to let us hear from them as soon as ' 