... - ..,-...- it with their conscience-- , ami that .v. as' -- : - 'a At dress, occasions, the., .suffragists One. can .cummaHdiug, of wrath-- ex picture, her thundering-wordhnrting to reform, and j)icturiug dream- - and made, grand showing; and one woman wandered, "what 'the tainted souls of the Bloomer period wiinld have thoudH of their degenerate daughters in reception i;nuii" aii-ter- . g Shaw, the same writer says, poke with wit compelling cleverness and moving. eloquence, and spoke magnificently (.if the wonderful binding logether.of the world'-- , womanhood in this International' K'ev. Anna readers. Tre-t- RollisonV the l Alliance I , . or .t Ifoat-ridin- specting, uncomprehending, wondering. JlugspurgUheJ leader, is spoken of by one of the writers who took notes of the Congress: "She is sturdy of figure, strong of. fea . ante. l.di. ts in . ' people. light to all " , Counselor lames Johnson endo.r-e- d wh.at had Ix'cn aid and done aiid encouraged all -- to profit by the same. Llder J. R. McXiel spoke on dm e ' . be.-helpfu- , a,nl honoring the same. Llder John Larson said they were proud of the Relief Society workers and of the goo'd th'ey accomplished. rePresident L. P. Benson made marks.. Singing. l"( )n the "Mountain Top " are-workin- : ' ' clo-hi- g At-p'-ar- lITg. RELIEF SOCIETY. REPORTS. lienedictibn. Chas. I). Coaslind. Stake Seci tar v. ' golden sunshine, blue and yellow . which greeted the delegates so warmlv. On Wednesday.. June 4th. 1911, the American minister and his wife. Mr. and Mrs. Charles .4 i raves, gave a luncheon to the American delegates, fraternal delegates and alternates, and invited the members of the recently formed American Woman's Club-i"Stockholm to meet them after the luncheon. There were many social functions, arid enjoyable music, dancing, peasant dances, songs and speeches, almost innumerable. The, delegates were invited to a beautiful villa to see Mr. Thier s collection of pictures, and in the evening to a. park Skausen where there were out-dospeeches from natural platforms (huge rocks), and dances by. ' Swedish peasants in costume. Invitations to dinners and evening parties' g and 'pleasure excursions were numerous, and in variety are more entertaining to Americans than scenes and places in ones own land. Many of the incidents connected ivhh this International Alliance Congress are deeply interesting, and some even pathetic; for instance, one writer savs, "It is a strange, sensation to sit on a box overlooking a huge audience., sitting' silent as the dead, while one sad voice speaks out into, the silence words absolutely without meaning to you ; then to see all over that? audience people moved to tears! Truly it was as though we watched a miracle, re- thatWould follow energetic -- President Jos. Ceddes spoke of die abroad in the earth, and w hat iuiieans. ' oFin. a . . . Altogether the Congress seems to have taken that wonderful city of Stockholm, if 'not the kingdom' of Sweden by storm. in the meetIn the report of discus-ion- s International Alliance Congress, ings we note many Excellent points liave been to all wombrought out that will for the advancement en who and uplifting of JumKlnity. therefore we hoje the entire procee!ing- - wi'd be published in book form for future use anrl specific e'ducation along thi- - line of woman's enfranchisement. Kxtracts. of-th- - Solo. "The dear home songs.". rC ar son. Papirr "The benefits derived froi;; mothers' work." was given by Rae IFawkts. Stake .Counselor Taylor XeLon ), he 'in the: of truth and ind.rejoiced gospel ividual effort, spoke .'on the fov and " r lnternatfOM.il J" I! i- -- - . Alliance, saving she considered it a greater force for world's peace" than the finest of jnternationrd Hague inferences ever held. It - ;dnnt 'impossible to select from the material the Woman's Journal contains w hat will 1e the verv best' to give to tmr home v. '' t " -- e- ." -- tertainment afterwards. Saturday evening. June 7, l'f'l 1. the dt legates were entertained by the Swedish AY. S. A. at Saltsjohaden, a summer report near Stocklmhn, very delightfully situated on the lialtic sea. The party took a terry and train to reach the restaurant, and returned boat with a searchlight thrown on the surrounding beautiful scenery. After dinner at the restaurant the guests went into the garden and the Vice President spoke concerning Mrs. Catt prai-inher methods 'and s( on, others followed in the same way. Mr. Truest Beckman. M. P. (whose wife is an American and who entertained the delegates at supper in their ..n Sunday, June charming home Mine. Brunsehwiez of France 11, 1911). and Iran Linderman of (Germany, all these were profuse in their eulogies of Mrs. Catt. Miss. Janet Richards of Washington W C. paid a pretty tribute to the Swedish (lag, likening it to the blue of the skies and the d. , However, taken as a whole, thoM'gr up-o- f women from all nations showed a general type in dress and manner. eem- to have .The. most of the t'ongre-- s been weather wa- - tine, and .meetings successful and brilliant dinner-'- . The Swedish custom of starting the sj)eeches after the tir-- t course, and sprinkling them hetween course.-- - is .a verv excellent one to' follow. giving more time to envcrv-ati-faclor- far-visione- e. .v.." T structions given by the prophet, abo the a. bors of Eliza R. iSndw;, Ziha D: Ycung and Pathsheba W. Strtith, and thy wo; k local workers in the' .Oneida Strike. Duet, "(Jently'Io-alis," Leonard .a. Moore. An aide paper on 'TTow. when and wht to read." was; given by Chloe M. iuwell Recitation. "The shadow on the blir ?." ture; with clo-- e Vropped. curling hair- and not too far. Some wore jewvlry And crmiud Vose hanging roles of black .or white. their hair, hut then- wa- - not much .frivolity..- She always appears like some' monk of old, die , ' . STAKF.. The Relief Society Annual Conference of the Oneida Stake v. a held at Preston. May A N N Loui-- a 17. P'll. Pre-ideP. Henm'on preAll member.-;- , of the board were siding.present. Singing. "'mv let us reioice.". I .V ATJH'TTE; A . .MONTANA. nt On the afternoon of the 17th of March. 1911. the Relief Societv of the Outte I Prayer. Miller Colightly. Singing Solo, j' ranch of the Churcji of ..Jesus ChrisijiL. "Pevond the gtrrr! rtoiisrrT ni'et at. the home of ' ounselor rauhiie dabnelson to ceiennite Packer. . 'An address of welceme was given bv in honor of tlk;fi-qi.intl..anniversary f Counselor Lucy P. Parkinson. A verbal the Relief Sciety, Sister 'Bertha Andrews 'report of the stake was given bv Counselor presiding.Singing, "Come. Come Hannah Mickleson and denoted the organiPrayer. Sister Marie Evans. Singzations in a good healthy condition, with the ing, "Do What is Right." President ILrtha mother's work accomplishing more than had Andrews said she was pleased to see so. ever been known before. m;my out to celebrate; in honor of the sixtv-nint- h Lesson. "The Pather and Mother in the anniversary of tjie Relief Society, and also was Home;" to pay our respects to the dear d-tgiven by Lucy Cutler. A paper on a ''Model Home'-- given bv who is leaving us to reside. in .Logan, gave ' Llla M. Hull. a short talk on the organiztaion of the ReLlder Geo. (' Parkinson addressed the lief Society, spoke of the good done by our conference on the subjects of home, our sisters in visiting the sick and relieving the life s Imjssion. and the importance of living poor, and of how much good the teachers ' ,ie professions we make bv' calling qoihld do and were doing. She said we are 'ourselves Latter-daSaints, explained how sorry to losf Sister Gabrielson, as she, has been one of the most faithful workers in the was felt everywhere. vSisier MaryTTawkes added her testimony Relief Society of Butte; asked God to bless and urgefkati to grasp the opportunities, and her and her family. a re blessed with.. Counselor Sister Maggie Boam was much privileges ii-:iC''l!Itime .is far spent." r pleased with the splendid talk of our presC I'enediction; LstLer' Rogers. dent ; Vncouraged the sisters to be faithful ' and true to the Gospel ; bore a faithful tes- - ' Aftermion Session The Stake Presitinionv and c osed bv ns Who- God to bless dency members of High Council were pres"'j:"t us ait. .' ent. rn'u i - Ac-Saints.- " . er ' Uli-l.0'-- y ' ie - - Singing. -- High on the Mountain Top Cretta Rollison. v i'Qginf "0 say what is truth ?" :voll call denoted 19 branches represented, present T R p..- - ; resident il v L.iv .. uMnerence.. l lie mothers work is .doing, better than ever before.'" Spoke of the V- v.r 77 or--Ei- oi-- Relief--Societran- d I mi ' iii- - Sisters Marie Jensen and Pauline Ga- - ' brielson added their faithful testimonies. Sister Maggie Boam then presented Sister I'auline Garbrielson with: x quilt as a token Q.f the love the sisters v hnrp r.tbpr The dfsual , , . t Ilk e 1U txni IlllKrwas singing, w given:tfer Thankf Thee. . O God; the for .o Prnnhetbenediction yvas pronounced by Sister Carrie, , . ---- 1 l 1 S " -- 1 H 1 1 , - Adams. . i-- A A vf- Carrie ',"'' Apams-,- Secretary JJ 