WOMAN'S EXPONENT .r'" "EIGHTY YEARS AND MORE," fl "lis yet high day, thy staff resume, And fight fresh battles for the truth; For what is age but youth's full bloom, A riper, more transcendent youth! , A weight of gold never Is aid; broader grow as downward rolled. Streams - N v - . life has begun; begin once more; thou near'st the sun, as shifter Flv At sixty-tw- o At eventy-three -- brighter shine at And At eighty-fou- r; ninety-fiv- e ' Shouldst thou arrive, Still wait on God, and work and thrive. Oliver Vendall Holmes. Why call it going down the hill when we are growing old, Why speak With mournful accents when our tale is nearly told? Why sigh when speaking of the past, We; days 'that used to be, As' if the future were, not bright with immor- -' i " ... tality? " ' L Who would exchange for. shooting blade the waving golden grain? corn is fully, ripe would wish it , green again? Or who would wish the hoary head, found in the way of truth, To be again encircled with the sunny locks of youth? Or, when the It is not years that makes men old; the spirit may be young Though fully three-scor- e years and ten the wheels of life have run. has Himself recorded in His blessed worid of truth That they who "wait upon the Lord shall e'en God renew their youth? -- Selected. somebody would say something 'that' wnnM comfort her. in the. way she neededand a nnuu.man stood up and spoke direct to her. "... Me was a lover of animals and flowers," and especially of birds". . He dined at my house on the Sunday hefore he died, and sitting half dosing in an easy chair he suddenly said, "Sister Francis, I have: been listening to those little birds meaning my canaries I have been noticing their change op tones as the sun declines. It is a low whisper they are singing now, quite dilTerent to the full' notes of the afternoon. And the parrot I should like to study that bird, and find out what amount of intelligence it has! It certainly connects actions with words. When vou go to the phone he says, 'Hello, it's Polly,' and when you open the outer door, he says, uiiairman oi me meeting ana atterwards - '" Jen-kins- on . hair-dressi- TENDER TRIBUTE. Tn the memory "no nf Salt Lake's and hundreds of its his as was- of Brother Jcnkinson, most remarkable men, inhabitants will mourn and he will live in their memories lxs, as life lasts. long ln)rn at Lonsdale, Rhode Island,--. December' 18, and he could 1851 , of pious parentage, say with Cowper "Be this my boast The child of and pride, parents passed into the skies." Hi- - early training imbued him with a high religious nature. He was a lover of .theology and philosophy, and his many years of blindness rendered him a great thinker on these lines. In I fact, may say He lived in a world where his '.mental vision made many things plain to him, which we with oim physical vision could not attain to. He was a firm believer and the power of kindred spirits, conveying their thoughts to others, whose --minds and natures were attuned to receive the im pressions much "in the same way as wire-les- s tgraphy is conveyed. jthough miles away he was capable of giving the thoughts of friends, and in- antly replying to them through the tele-- . Phone, saying, (I was just thinking of you, reIatlvc to such a subject, what is vour imor pression idea of it, and the reply would, be in accordance with his own variably ideas. In a j 10 Vv'-y-;- ; ' .;:"' ' :rr fastmeeting in the Twentieth Ward, 'T am not going to speali but I .impressed there is a person in thiroom :vho u'a"ts comfort, and to '.Her or him I ' ani s.aKl : speaking-.- At the d " next fast meeting a woman rose said she had prayed before going, that ng 1 t . -- ' . Co-operati- A Dy .Mrs. Caroline C Raleigh, Irs, Zina I). Hi Young, Mrs,. E. B Wells, Dr E.S Barney, and 6thers The shares were placed af 5.00 each and quite a number'of ladies came forward and took shares in the' enter-';- . prW. It is distinctly understood that this is not a benqvolent undertaking, but "positively" a business transaction under the direction and immediate suiervision of reliable women, although it will doubtless be a good investment for means belonging to the Relief Society in its several branches, and other likc Associations, much better than allowing the money to lie. idle. Another meeting was held at the office of the Woman's Exponent today, December 1st, at which further business was transacted and committees called for purchasing Good-bye.goods, etc., who are actively engaged in the . When the sun was setting, which on that movement, it is expected the store will be night was 'particularly beautiful,, Mrs. opened on Saturday 13th or the Monday described it to him and he drank in following at latest.. in and mental he vision enJiis In connection withjjiis commendable, saw every word, it all, and said, "Is there any dark cloud terprise it is expected thcic will soon be on the horizon, or how is it?'' We exdressmaking, millinery and there was not how it departments in which young girls may plained any cloud, shaded from pale sea green to the deepest trained in these active industrial employblue, and the beauty of the orange and red ments. The management will be in the tints with the grey and blue, and he thorhandr of women acquainted with business and it remarked oughly enjoyed afterwards, principles, consequently there is little need how he had enjoyed the quiet and the spirof uncertainty about its success as a safe init of the home. vestment for capital. A favorite poem of his was take shares can pay Those desiring-t- o them at the store and receive receipts for "Life I know not what thou art, their money: tin til certificates of diarpt rnn be issued. The name under which this enIt ends with these words terprise will be known is "The Woman's Mercantile and Manufacturing " Tis hard to part when friends are dear, Institution," situated opposite the City Hall, Perhaps t'will call a sigh a tear, at 123 E. First South Street. Republished Then steal away, give little warning,' from Woman's Exponent of December 1, Choose thine own time, say not Good-nig- ve ht But in some brighter clime ." Bid me 1900. , . Good-morning- As if this wish were gratified, He was stricken coming out of the theatre, where he had taken his blind com fade s o f " t he workshop for the blind,. and on his arrival at home, which he reached with great difficult), he suddenly became speechless and passed away at 11: 45 that night. He leaves a wife and six sons and a married daughter. He always spoke in loving and grateful terms of his dear wife's devotion to him, and of the goodness of all his children. There is nothing to grieve for in li is demise except that we have lost a friend. He iiLs" obtained a rest, and we cannot doubt has heard the, well done faithful servant. I esteem it an honor that I may sign "myself. One of his friends, M. F. well-earn- ed WOMAN'S STORE. Preliminary steps have been taken towards the establishment of a u Woman's Store in this city at an early date. A "call was made through some of the daily papers for a meeting to be held on Friday, November 28, at 11 a. m. in 'the' Fourteenth Ward assembly rooms, for the transaction .of important business. The call was signed bv Mcsdames M. Isabella Horheand E. B. Wells. 'The meeting was heldxas per Mrs.. M. I.. Home Chairman and Mrs. Emma G. Bull, Secretary. The subject of starting a Woman's Store and its advantages was plainly stated first by the IN MEMORIAM. Sister Alva Retta Merrill Lewis was the daughter of Apostle and Almira Merrill and the wife of George A. Lewis, son of. President William H. Lewis. She was born and raised in Richmond at which place she lived untiLher marriage, when she moved to Lewiston, where she lived until her death, which occurred Feb. 4th, 1911. The next fall after coming to Lewiston, Nov. 20th, 1906 she became' the secretary and, treasurer of the Relief Society in that place, which position she held faithfully, until within a few weeks of her death, when she felt as if her health and family cares made it necessary for her to resign her position and accordingly she was reluctantly released Jan. No matter how much pain she 19th, 1911. suffered or how great, her trials were she was always cheerful and ready to film all hardship's aside with a joke.. She was indeed a. true Re- every sense of the word, and willingly laid her life on the altar to fulfill the measure of her creation here on earth and as a result brought four little spirits into this world, one of which has preceded her to the "Great Beyond." The last one cost (her, her life and although she seemed to have a presentiment that she was not, to remain'long on earth she never once shrank from Jier duty. She departed this Jlfe as she had lived a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, leaving a husband, three little children, and a host of relatives and friends I '. to mourn her loss. Com.1 lief Society worker in- - ' , ' ' -- ap-poiutm- NOTES AND NEWS. Accbrding-t- K . pressUspatches the Cabinet Ministers m England vhave come to an agreement with the suffragists and the longbe- delayed woman suffrage bill vill come fore Parliament May o. ; t -- 