if it - ftalM in The I i wk m ii lhe!,a,h of tht V,u. 40. i m Women of . . iry Experiences. i, ; , KllK Hollister. M. ,, i Xt'WS .V. '. 9 . - . . .Lydia I). Alder . 10 ...10. . . . . . - U-,1:- 11 : -- : ,. Active Service, 12 13 12, Alice Louise Reynolds K.litorial Notes ho Lund Horne Mi- - 13 I Thrush .... Mary Bailey Heredity . ... . TElla Wheeler Wilcox A Challenge. .John Hendrick Bangs A Message Jrom the Spirit World ..tL. L. Greene Richards Good Enough 'for Me B.S.Gi dwiti The Hermit 9 9. 11 14 16 -- THE HERMIT THRUSH. There, was a sunset and a wooded hill, There was a summer evening and a hush, Then clear from, vtiij, out the . Tlx re came gold-tlecke- ; depths so d -v, the 'wondrous soul-son- g of a thrush. was I thereto listen. Now Are many since the years that evening and that song; Thrushes make music now for other ears, And cither thrushes to that haunt belong. . my sweet bird sang an immortal note, The far call of a homesick heart for Heaven, And. though- the time and distance are remote, By - Through all the weary waiting years at even i There coirres a hush 1 at sunset, 'mid the stress, The .'.rush of labor with its fret ancl care; seem to hear from out the wilderness, That plaintive bird-son- g that was like a prayer! By Mary Bailey. From Dumb. Animals. HEREDITY. There is no thing we can not overcome;. Say not thy evil instinct is inherited, some trait inborn makes, thy whole me torlornA Ana calls down bunishment that is not mer. ()r-tha- t ited. Bae - r. f thy i he Great parents and grandparents lies Eternal Will. That, too, is thine I nh tritance, strong, beautiful, divine, oure lever of success for onexwho tries. prv ip thy fault with this However deeply bedded However firmly set, I tell I. that vast power" that immensity. '. great lever Will. in propensity, A thee firmer yet, Truth's comes from Thou art a part of that strange World, I say, Hs forces lie within far Tiian a,ll thee, stronger thy mortal sins and frailties are, be,;eve thyself divine arid watch and pray. , Tisere no noble height thou canst not climb; .Ali triumphs may be thine in Time's futurity;-l- t 5 , ' whatso'er thy fault, thou dost not faint or halt, 't lean upon the staff of God's security. . Janh has no claim the soul can not contest. Kiro'w Efsff . w I'M ,MJ LILLIAN (folding's Testimony. Aiinie Wells Cannon 11 Society. Reports: Wasatch Stake .' ......... 14 14 Vgden Stake 15 Stake . ... Mpine "9 About Women XotT N'oU . Mid And . le a f'otcer to- - ."'. Idler IJ,e Home, the .Hute mul the Nati on. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST, 1911 CONTENTS. Lilli. i thyself part of the Eternal Source; taught can stand before thy spirit's force; Jhc soul's Divine Inheritance is best.' i Ella Wheeler Wilcox. M. HOLLISTER. The sad, news of Mrs. Ilollister's death j was nuked a severe hock to her many friend anions the women workers Of the world. Of the women's societies Of L'ah, the. organizations affiliated with the National Council of Women, Mrs. Hollister s was a staunch friend and defender. Pos- messed of wonderful foresight, discretion and wisdom, she had the gift to distinguish between the true and the false, and to appreciate earnest. endca Tor with the courage to extend her influence and encouragement to. all wornen in the cause of good. Lilliam M. Hollister, President of the National Council of Women of the United States" and Supreme Commander of the Ladies of the Maccabees of the world, passed from life to that "Beautiful Isle of Somewhere' Friday morning, August .4, 1911, at her summer home, Lilley, Mich. She was one of the country's most, powerful workers, both in the interests of women's organizations and women's fraternal circles, and there are few women's societies in this broad land which either through her lectures or writings have not become familiar with her charming personality. She was born in Milford, Mich., anjl that state has ever been her real home, though 'she has traveled, extensively in many lands. She began "Her education when a child of four years, walking a mile to the little red school house. She had an excellent musical education which training served her well in later life, when as a public speaker she charmed her hearers with her beautiful voice. Her career was ever onward and upward a No. 2. "A great yoman has fallen, something precious has been removed to a brighter world. The why we know not, we dare not question. Tis enough for us to feci and know that 'God's finger touched her and she slept." Think of her still as the same. es-ecial- ly 1 She is say. nut dead, she is. just away." The Rev. Anna Shaw says "I cannot express my sorrow on hearing of the death of Mrs. Hollister. - Slie was a woman who had done more good worksjhan any one dreamed of. She demonstrated theTinancial integrity and ability of women as few women "have had the opportunity to do. She has been loyal in every .position in which she was placed." Mrs. May Wright Sewall I "I cannot grieve for Mrs. Hollister herself, but grieve for her friends and associate workers." Mrs. Iate Waller Barrett, Vice President N. C. W. "The news of Mrs. Ilollister's death is one of the greatest shocks I have ever hail." t There are many other expressions from prominent women testifying to the great worth of Lillian M. Hollister and the loss sustained in her death by the women working along the different lines for the uplift of humanity. To the women of Utah she was a true friend, and we mingle our tears with those who loved her, knowing that one of God's chosen daughters lias been called home. A; W. C. -- busy, unselfish, helpful life from school girl to teacher, from teacher to superintendent, then writer, lecturer and philanthropist. She compiled a number of very useful books on parliamentary law, which are used largely by the women's clubs and organizations throughout the country and was considered one of the very best parliamentaricns among the women of the country. Mrs. Hollister was also associated with the W. C T. A., the Women's International and State Press Associations, Federatiomof Women's Clubs, Woman's Relief Corps, Order of The Eastern Star, Rebekahs and the Degree of Honor; She .has been sev erar times a delegate to .foreign countries from these different organizations and has assemblies in London, spoken before large cities. She Edinburg, r and other European was also one of the.thirteen women chosen, to speak in the Lafayette Opera House, 15th pf FebruWashington, D. C, on tlje the 80th anniary 1900, the occasion beng birth. versary of Susan B. Anthony's Mrs Holister was a woman of commandintellectual face ing presence, with a fine, of and a most charming personality Some her those who knew4ervoTth and loved sentiments best.have sent us the following for publication : N." C. W., Flo Jamison Miller, Cor. Sec' writes : ....-.. . ( - - ,.- NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. women are included in the venire of 129 jurors drawn for the September t enn of the Supreme Court in the City of Tacoma, Wash. Thirty-fou- r At the convention- of the Catholic Total Abstinence Union in Scranton, Pa., a few days ago, the Rev. Father Cassidy.came out strongly for woman suffrage,, declaring that the temperance cause needed the woman vote. In reply to newspaper statements that her official duties w ere unsatisfactory to her, Mrs. Wilson, Mayor of Hunnewell, Kansas, on August 13 wrote the National Suffrage Association as follows: "The re ports- recently published in the newspapers about me" and my attitude toward the work in which I am engaged are unjust and absolutely false, I am quoted asesaying, 'Politics is not a woman's game.' I have never made such a statement, nor have T arrived at that conclusion. As to my resigning, I have no intention of so doing; neither have I any desire for such action. I am in a fight for higher morals Und a better city government, and I am confident that I shall be victorious:. The men of Hunnewell who belong to the whisky and gambling are opposing me in every possible ' and earnway, but I shall stick to my post estly endeavor to accomplish some reforms that are greatly needed here." - - ele-je- nt 'X- 