i Louisville, : ft Mffta.. I was chosen to preside. The Relief. Society of Paris, Bear "Lake Stake; Idaho, was orr ganized by Apostle Charles" C. Rich, May ' 29, 1868rwithSter E..,Davis as president and Sisters Maria: Rich and Eliza A. Rich T nc Wfr sf nior Fin vie cnnn mnvpH rnnncplrirc to Ogdcn and Sister Maria Rich was ap pointed to fill her place. Sister Julia P. Lindsay and Sister Caroline Kimball as counselors. The Society was reorganized February 1, 1872 with Julia P. Lindsay as 'President and Sisters Caroline Kimball and Elizabeth Collings as counselors.. Two wards were soon in 1878 created in Paris and a Relief Society organized in each. Julia P. Lindsay was chosen stake president of Relief Society in February, 1879, set apart j for this labor by Apostle Charles C. Rich, Sisters James Hart and Geo, Osmond. Elizabeth Collings and Maria Rich were set apart as counselors to President Julia P. Lindsayt After Sister away Sister. Lizzie Hart was chosen to fill her place.. After the death of Sister Collings in June 14, 1898, Sister Lizzie Hart was chosen and set apart as first counselor, and Sister Mary Bagleyi second counselor. Sister Lizzie Hart was, taken accidently from this life in January 1894, then Sister Mary tfagley was sustained and set apart as first counselor and Sister Amelia Hoge as second counselor, and sister Nora Austin ,is assistant in Sister Hoge's place. Throughout all these years of stake labor each Society has been visited., once a year, '. , Maria-Rich-mov- ed although many storms, bad roads and inconveniences of travel have been faced, but through fortitude and great determination the duties labors hayebeen accom- of-thes- e sisters in the presidency have labored in love and unitv. each irivinfr the other' suo- port arid encouragement. During the trials of parting with the counselors when death kaij:kmied-UieiivJulia..- served and able to fill these duties when other younger help has been taken away. It seems" the hand of God is sustaining her in this work. Even as late as August 20, 1907 she has been privileged to take charge of the Relief Society conference-- of this stake, in great strength of spirit and clearness of mind. Trusting in God always for guidance, help,, and wisdom has enabled Julia Lindsay to fulfill so faithfully all her duties as president. She was called to part with her companion who had been a devoted husband, January 3," 1889 This great trial she bore patiently and wisely as any noble spirit does. She has gone on as faithfully as before and been greatly blessed of God in her widowhood. When clouds of doubt and discouragement 'darkened her path she would seek aid from on high and receive" support and strength to go on and keep up spirit. .Julia P. Lindsay has been the mother of eight children. This speaks volumes for her. Though slie, as you will see by the past record, has had to lay away little ones in death; she has raised five to man and womanhood and carried on her labors as well in the stake. At this writing, August, 1907, her grandchildren numr, ber great grand children eighteen, and great great grand children twelve, in all fifty-fou- seventy-fou- r. motherl and great great grand mother, with such a life of faithful church work and nobility, and integrity of heart sustained to such an age as hers. t RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. j The Granite Stake Relief Society Conference was held at the Stake Tabernacle, testiMay 16. In the forenoon a. spirited mony meeting was held. The afternoon session an eloquent address on the Care of the Erring and Wayward of the Youth of Zion-wagiven by Doctor Jane W. Skolfield. President Frank V. Taylor also spoke s m session V at the same time we nre. Iast nicrht thev sent a! messar nf greeting to usr This was read ajoiid. nnd Mrs. Desha'- Breckinridge moved that we send a return message oi greeting, and-sathat the Federation of Kentucky Clu1.Yni- en stood for the same '.principles, that their ours defended; that taxation without representation is .tyranny. Mrs. forefathers-an- d the oresident. ntif flip ;ha. Hon to vote, savinsr everv member of th, Federation was privileged to vote. Of hc large audience ot club women apparently every woman rose, and amid great enthusiasm 'Mrs. Leech appointed Mrs., Desha Breckinridge chairman of a committee to go at once to the meeting of the Sons ami deliver the message. "The committee was cordially 'received, and called tolhe platform. Mrs. Breckin ridge was introduced as the great gramw maae a witty uaugnter. oi nenry tiay,-an-a little and telling suffrage speech, which was applauded with cheers." Ex. Tnmp? A. Eeech. on the same subject.- A resolution, pledging our support, to j.emjTiejrance .and Jhej prohibition movement was read by Sister Lucy M. Green, and was unanimously adopted. 1 The. Stake Relief Society choir rendered several choice selections, and, a solo was sung by Sister Lottie Clissold, and a piano NURSE CLASS AND OBSTETRICS. duett by Sisters Walker and Coray, was much enjoyed. Closed by singing, "God be Dr. Ellis R. Shi'pp's School in Nursing with you till We "meet again." and Obstetrics closed the winter session on Benediction by Patriarch Harrison $per- Friday, the 31st inst. The next term will rv. begin on Ioriday Oct. 9th, 1911, at her resiLucy M. Gree.v, dence.-713 Second Ave.. Assistant Secy. t After many months of theoretical and practical instruction, these ladies have passed a most successful examination and IN MEMORIAM. have now gonerto their various fields gi use.. Mary H. Farrar. fulness health and to - hapdispense hoping At Beaver, larch 27, Mrs.. Mary Hayward piness to those requiring skillful and effFairer died, after a short illness. She was icient service. born at Derwent, Derbyshire, England, The importance of such knowdedge can March 17, 1822, and was the daughter of Jobe educational to seph Hayward, and Mary Bridge Hayward; scarcely to the daughter, as was married to Jonathan Pearson in 1842, and the wife and mother was the. mother of six children, all being dead well as to those wishing to make a pro- over-estimate- d, . She was baptized on Nov. 6, 1848, and crossed the plains in John R. Murdock's company in 1862, coming to Beaver, where she has lived until now. She entered into marriage with James Farrer, Dec. 7, 1867, and as long as her physical condition permitted she took part in the religious affairs of the community, being a prominent aid in Relief Society work. The funeral services were held on Thursday, March 30. "this city. - To minister with tender care " 1 To sick and suffering; To mitigate the pangs they bear Will greatest blessings bring.. Exemplify the love ot One .Who lived alone to bless, Who "healed the sick" and walked the path Of lowly righteousness ' . RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, our heavenly Father,, in His wisdom, has taken from our midst our aged and beloved sister and we wish to emulate her virtues arid noble qualities; therefore, be it Resolved, that the wisdom and ability and labors of our beloved sister be held in grateful remembrance. Also resolved thalr a copy of these resolutions be copied Jn our record of Beaver West Ward Relief Society, and one givn to the bereaved son, William Pearson, Beaver, Utah, and one to the Woman's Ex'. ponent for publication. Betsy S. Goodwin, """ r exepLo O reconciled, feeling that it was theTiand of God and that-thehad been faithful in their duties and that God would provide help for her, this He did. It seemed strange that ., .With such a record none need fear the future, great indeed must be the reward of such a mother, grand mother, great grand yj : E.R.S. NOTES AND NEWS. co-labor- er, The University of Rochester, New York, celebrated Susan. 1L" Anthony's Birthday, Feb. 15, a suffrage luncheon' was serjfefand College Woman's Suffrage Club held a birthday party in remembrance of her efforts to have the college opened for girls in which she .was successful. - - . ' ' . Ellen M. Skinner, Francis L. Jones, . It is quite well understood now that Miss Johnston, the celebrated novelist, has beV Committee!1 come an ardent. suffragist. .Her article on Woman's Suffrage in the Atlantic Monthly last year attracted much attention. TiK SONS OF REVOLUTION CHEER ' Woman's Journal of Boston quotes her as - women. ." .v.. saying : "Last year I paid to the city and Miss Laura Qay has been attendingthe the state considerably over $1 ,000 in taxes. of tile State meeting Federation of WomI earned' every penny of that money. , I was en's Clubs at Louisville, Ky. She writes people and citizens when it came to the from that city, recently : day, but I was neither people nor 74 An intereitirjg suffrage incident took citizens when it came' to deciding between place, last night in .the Federation. The or Sons of the American" Revolution are in stationary accounts , on Board Street, school .houses-tha- t could seat the children. ' - . -- r's tax-collecto- " 