w 3& ,,.,,. 3 m, . EXPONENT. - U.k. .,.. A. uk . ; ' ' ." . : .V G7 rf very nearly did, for TrWas midnight when tal hospital, a crushcd and' helpless .inval some of them reached home. bells- ring id, i he oldest girl can be found in a well TnJay 1 heard However, felt fitllv repaid, for the known.house of ill repullv- The other cilib they :. Oui on the cool'clear. wind; sweet license memories sad and was wakcned not t dren ran away from home and have leen granted. that lie behind. To jh,e south side of the room, opposite cared for through the efforts of benevolent I saw "the old stone church, my dear," the ladies, were a 'number of men," man v of people. Anil this man, this husband; this, In that back country town; them friends of the liquor man and .during .'father, and others pf. his ilk sat in that Where not a shadow kept the sun, the down. long evening it was quite possible to council chamber hoping Uy their presence to From pouring warmly make observations. Of one man in partichave some influence to help that liquor man the rose it fair, romf! green hills, ular who sat there and who wanted this liobtain a license" to drag down to their level, Where fed the. sleek, fat kinc; cense granted, let me tell you a storv.. Ik-i- other men and women by the sale of their d boughs Or rested 'neath the now a thick necked,' bent, nefarious stock of maple, elm, and pine. little fellow but not ..many churchyard lav, .Vear by the Voir don't have to go to Kansas nor to coarse,' Its headstones white and low Maine for arguments for prohibition. Just years ago he was a tall, straight, There Jilacsroped their purple buds, young Swede who courted a young Swedish open" your eyes and look around near "at And roses wild did grow. girl, who worked for one of these women. home. Is there a' man or woman who can The girl herself was neat, quick, and bright truthfully say tlat, drink has ever lcen a In happy girlhood there I went knew and never a housemaid to please the most fastulious To rhurc$f lcncfit to any one'?'-- Isn't not degrading, is That years before a little boy . of mistresses': and when she decided to wed it not injurious physically: mentally and d Sat in one pew. her suitor, it was with much regret that the t spiritually? In any of the pursuits, of inAh, Richard, nothing told me then, lady saw her leave. On account of the girl's' dustry and education the partaker of alIJ,nv sometime, I should see conscientious work m her home the misThat child's sweet face within your own, coholic drinks is legislated against and what for with me. tilled love And tress always' felt an interest in her and had possible argument cOuld there be to womwatched and helped them along. The' husen to convince them that the open. saloon is I well recall one Sabbath day, aband was The summer time of year; good worker and ..they began a good thing. What does it. do for you, it I stood within that life in a little home built on rented ground desk, impoverishes the home, leads bo'ys and girls And felt the angels near; with tlie understanding that after a certain to destruction, blights reason, destroys hap- I heard again the organ peal; amount of rent and interest was paid the piiiess, kills love and makes lite itselt a Saw each familiar face; home was theirs. For a while they prosin the chair burden. The story have told at the beginAnd With quiet, manly grace. pered prett well. After the firt baby came ning of this article is true and it is only and the little wife was well again she wanted one of many such cases that might be told. How many feet who oft with us to help increase the family income, as she The women of this state are on trial now beHave crossed that threshold o'er Now tread the glad, immortal heights so longed to own her home, so she began fore the nation and many eyes are turned the shore other Upon to take jn washing. Xxlher they. aved towards Utah to see what the women arc And voices that oft joined with ours a horse and wagon, going to do. Re frightened because of a enough money In praise to heaven above the husband believing that by giving im his great scare that "business will be injured," Still sing somewhere in better lands, Their songs of better love. position and running an express wagon he or brave the consequences and stand for the could make more money and probably help 'protection of the home and the honor of Dear Richard, you may, some sad day, his wife more with her work bv brinmnir the State. Women hold the suffrage and - In parting, hold my hand; and returning her laundry work. Or I may be the first to go generally you find them working for prinTo meet that spirit band.. Well, I don't know how it happened first, ciple regardless of what this one or that It matters not, I only ask but probably in the cold weather, standing one may think or say. If the cause is a That we rest side by side; Beneath the" lilacs' fragrant bloom, waiting for a call the man was tempted to good one, and a just one, women generally "warm up his'insides" with a little liquor. put their faith in the cause and are willing Upon that green hillside. Alice M. Warren. At any rate it wasn't long until a good many to leave the consequences to fate believing Ft t ersham, Massachusetts. etliaMheJL.ord, jWTpoyjgrnrtcs all things will dollars earned - with the - horse found their way into the saloon man's certainlv take care of those who strive evil. As Latter-da- v Saints who pocket and the family living had to depend almost entirely on the earnings of the little teach temperance in all things, and in bur DO WE WANT PROHIBITION? ife. The family increased quite rapidly doctrine have the word of wisdom as a di vine revelation, let us not forget. Now is One evening this spring a number of and the services and help of friends and the great opportunity for all true men and women working neighbors had frequently to be given, but women along reform lines attendto place themselves on record ed a meeting of the City Council of Salt the plucky little woman toiled, on and 'each vice and evil. If, as some people Lake" City. The matter of. granting a retail time as soon as she could regain a little against tell "prohibition don't prohibit" this elecliquor license to the lesee of a public resort strength, she would be at her washingagain. tion us, if won will remove many temptations Mtuated in the heart of the city was Soon in that home everv- dav became a from the sight of boys and girls and it will pected to be. decided. The officers of: the' wash day. The man still made a little, but be possible for school children to go to and Juvenile Court having made the claim that the rent fell in arrears and as the.children from school without seeing drunken men by .the beginning of the down fall of ninety became old .enough they too had to begin the side walks, without leing attracted, by per cent of "the girls brought before the to earn something, to help buy food and fine music, to look through plate glass wincourt might be traced to this particular clothes. The girls at ten and nine years dows where, gorgeous mirrors reflect the, these good women hoped, by their went out in service and the boys at seven sparkling beverage, tempting glasses, that presence at the council meeting to" be able to and six began selling papers oir the street. bring death and despair. Oh! may we all exert sufficient influence to cause the refusal The little mother, her strength fast givremember that mighty prayer on the mount ol the license. ing Way, saw that she had attained that of Olives that has helped mankind through They arrived early and arrayed themselves in the seats outside, the ' ' glorious condition of motherho(5dJ'bnly to the centuries. .. . all her railing to the north of the council room. It her sorrow and despair. Not only ''Lead us not into temptation, was a But deliver us from evil." long session and every matter on the husband's earnings now went into the sa(locket from dog icatchers to gravel beds, loon man's pocket, but the little boys were Annie Wells Cannon. including leaves of absence for policemen intercepted on their way home, at night and a"d pasturage for useless horses' connected their money taken from them to satisfy the the boys with the fire, department was argued and father's beastly appetite. Soon A FRAGMENT. considered "and voted upon, until the visibegan to seek new ways home and avoid tors felt the father, but when they did a beating for "Learn to ivait Hope's slow fruition, they had certainly attained a course in city gravel beds,' and themselves arid too often, alas, for the mothFaint not, though the way seem long; ' deceit. were more than the of is joy in each condition result the There sufficiently educated in city er also was grow strong. Hearts through suffering-madepartmental work, besides being '.'thorough-.- : To detail farther the pitiful story of that Iv fumigated; with cigar smoke. But they family wourd, be too sorrowful, but the "Constant sunshine, howe'er welcome, brave" young girt who refused to Ne'er would ripen fruit or flower; ' accept their dismissal in any such,, bright, intelligent, tall the in trust her young Giant oaks owe half their, greatness Vom( ?) manner and determined to see the so lovingly placed To. the scathing tempest's power." the state 'men- thlnS through if it took all night, which it Swede is today an inmate of '..the-churc- - 4 - Ot-vcar- s " s wide-sprea- red-face- d, ! ng fair-haire- l. " high-backe- - time-wor- n U ng yjH--pTesidi- . ' to'-bu- y -- -- of-th- , -- an'd-wag- -- on come to-over- " -- - -- re-so- rt; ! -- . , . post-gradua- te . . 