4 I. 4 NEI 1 M0,,M A,W,fl," Vol. 40. HW'r in Festive Garb Str.ttford-oiwVvoi- r A n. iaiK on - Loving Alice Louise Tin- - Reynolds vnuurcii ....... i line -- m.:i.i lnbute. 17 18 19 u. ureen :femroy of Aunt May Julia P.M. Farnsworth of Sketch .iif Mary Magdalene Swindle ....MaryE. Magleby Tribute-and .Resolutions of Respect.. "Mamie Simmons (icncral Relief Society Conference. In 21 I Odds N'..tes and Ends..... and News ..... 21 21 23 .....23 19, 21 " Bear River Stake 21. Bannock Stake, North Sanpete Stake. ." 22 Emery Stake . . . Stake 24 Alpine, .t: l'.ilitirial: Resolutions of Respect 20 Possibilities. of the Age . . . . 20 '. Editorial Notes 20 Poetry: Fatherhood. Edwin Carlisle Listcy 17 S. R to better the'llon.r, the StoU nnl the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, 1911 CONTENTS. . W Reports . arc significant and appropriate in the highest degree. These shields that you see in midair, they are the coat of arm's of many of the characters mentioned in 's or plays, perhaps they are the arln of the old guild crafts of the 'borough. This row of windows that proves attractive has within it many .of the flowers mentioned in Shakespeare's plays, and that flagpole in the distance, so heavily laden, bears flags sent from a dozen different nations to symlolize the homage that the world pays to the great-writeof English drama. J.r. . 4s wc. walk along our attention will be (Ira'wn to a 'pyramid-shape- d fountain with little "Gothic spires it munificent gift of Mr. Childs of Philadelphia, placed there during the year of the Queen's jubilee. On ' Shake-speare- r is-t- he j ; could not trea'd the path you went last night my beloved, with your eyes of awe ; It was a time when my protecting might Could bring no shield between ypu and Life's law ! 0 i l' ; j j I do not seem to know j am a father All my thoughts outpour To you, who last night felt the undertow Safe in the haven of my heart once morel T F.dzi'in Carlile Listey STRATFORD-ON-AVO- I ill I 11Hi 8 Metropolitan Magazine j ' I xt (i -- i z& i IN FESTIVE N GARB. England, always' beautiful in her country districts, is surpassingly lovely in - the months of April and May. Warwickshire is known far and near for its beauty. The story is told that twelve Englishmen were once asked to name the prettiest drive in all England, and that six wrote from Warwick to Coventry, and the other-sifrom Coventry to Warwick. And now I am going to ask you to accompany me in imagination from Leamington to. Stratford, in the month of April, for I want you. to attend the Shakespeare festival held on the anniversary of the poet's birth. The black thorn is, still in "bloom, and in a few weeks the country will be a mass of pink and white blossoms, for May will be here, and all the hedgerows of ..Hawthorne will be in their most attractive garb. Nevertheless, the beech and elm and broad-leave- d sycamore trees are now in full leaf, and on each side as we ride along the green stretches of country are pied withf daisies and buttercups . while here and there the r Pnmrose is in bloom. ; v Reaching Stratford, by rail, we shall discover that it is ir gala dress. . But these decorations are no mere matter of color,, they . , ,r . . . 4 ed wooed and won his bride will come in for a share of attention. Hut let us suppose that it is the twenty-thir- d of April, the day of the poet's birth. It happens in the year to Tall on 'Sunday, and so we shall meet at Trinity Church. where the' poet lies buried, and there listen to a sermon by Canon Beeching, of West-- ! minster Abbey. The next day we shall meet at the birthplace, and from there we may march with boquet in hand to the Church. The hells' 'of the parish church are chiming, as we make our way down the chancel, where the clergy at the altar rail will take our floral offering and place it on the grave. As we chance to be casual visit-ors we shall not .likely be in the lead" of the procession, consequently, we shall find by 4 1 1 1 o uld not even guard you on your way, Xor share one little mite of all your pain; could but feel and hope and dumbly pray That you would safely come to me again. And you have come low-ceiling- . I I hirthplacc of Shakespeare, an old house w ith gabled roof and rooms. f Tudor architecture. This house fronts the treet. hut in the rear the grounds are lovely. There an attempt is made to grow every tlower and shrub mentioned in Shakespeare's plays. The grammar school that the poet attended, and Anne. Hathaway 's cottage, at Shottery. where ..Shake.speare 1 -- FATHERHOOD. 1 No. 3. the time that we approach the grave, that it is entirely covered with flowers that form a great white mound over and about the slab that marks the poet's resting place. Leaving the Church we shall make our way to the memorial theatre, a building that combines in one, library, playhouse, and mu-- ! scum. Perhaps Elfcn Terry is there giving a lecture on Shakespeare's heroines, or per haps other London celebrities are presenting Hamlet or Othello. Perchance, in the open air, one may witness the May revels, or Morris dances now being revived all over England. There is still another chance that "As You Like It," or some others of Shakespeare's plays are being given in the open Evening is approaching. now, and perhaps We shall fancy a ride oh the. and so we hire a boat. SI I MISS ALICE LOUISE. REVXOLDS. its sides are quotations from Shakespeare. There is one exception to this statement, for on "one side' we read the words of Washington Ir'ing the American: We give quor tations from two sides." The first from Henry Eighth, act five, scene four : "In her days every man shall 'eat in safety under his own vine what he plants, and sing the merry songs of peace to all his neighbors : God shall be truly.; known; and those about her. From her shall read the perfect ways oriionor, and by these claim tneir greaincbi uvi. uy uiwu, The second quotation is from Tymoh of , Athens, act one, scene two: in the "Honest water that never left man , mire. From here Ave shall make our way to the slow-flowing-Av- on, Jt may be called, Rosalind, Juliette, or Portia, what matter so that we are in the company of one", of Shakespeare's, masterly creations. We" shall make our wav bv water towards the church, now bathed in the glorious light. of an English sunset, and at such a fortunate time, view both church and churchyard. Soon the Streaks of crimson and purple will grow dim, and with 'them 'the church spires and the lovely churchyard will fade from our sight: Slowly we drop down the fiver, past the Shakespeare monument, with the statue of Hamlet fronting the river, under which we may read, as we pass, Horatio's last words to the unfortunate prince, "Good night, sweet ' prince, and flights of angels And so "with the sing thee to thy rest shades of night falling fast about, ve partfrom thee, dear Stratford, with all thy ? beautv, and with all, they marvelous associations, with the words of thy immortal bard upon our lips: "Thou art so lovely, fair, and smellest so : sweet that the senses ache at thee." -- - " Alice Louise Reynolds. ' ' : 