'f?"Zt Stake Relief Societv c onfer- ma- was held in Richmond President Rebecca Rawlins presided, and wli'.-mi'.nil present and Imped the Spirit of the I. on! wouhl he in ur midst during our W ditTeretit Ixeiort- - from r.mfereree. wants were then heard A paper written iv d.i Knrers. on religion m t lit home. was rend liv Maud Y. Gate, of the General SNter I'.o.ird. poke of the work the sisters have t d and the work they are doing. We mn-- t fare the form in order to do mir diitv spoke ni Temple wnrk we must learn t estimate time that we may attend to our . spiritual duties Sister Kd.na May Davis, of the General flonrd. spoke of the need of being prayerful in order to perform our duties. We must strive to have patience with our children and the wayward ones. Afternoon Scsxion. After the opening exercises Si-tMary J. Harrison made a few opening remarks- Imping we would have an enjoyable time together. A very able paper was given by Hannah Larson on '.Temple Work." A song was nicely rendered by Sister Isabella Tlolladay and chorus, after which Linnie Fisher of Oxford recited a "piece entitled. "The Old Home." Sister Kdna May Davis spoke of simplicity in dress when entering the Temple that more attention to dressing we should-pathe mind than to dressing the body. Sister Susa Y. Gates spoke of the necessity of teaching our children to read, more especially to read the Bible. She asked the mothers to read to their little ones that they might form the habit ; also to teach our children to pray to pray with onr hrSfs, ?o that when they grow older they will benefit by it. Brother Samuel Roskelley urged the sisters to put into practice what they had heard; after which the benediction was of fered hv August S. Schow. Olive Harris, Sec. Th- IJi'n-u- - ii - - i Ro-kelle- y. St-w- i -- -- ; ; r er - LH'.LRTV The semiannual conference of Liberty Stake Relief Society was held in the Ninth Ward meeting house, Dec. 14, 1911; Counselor Zurviah G. Eardley presiding. Presi-MeAnna S. Musser being excused on ac-- ! count of being in quarantine. After the" npening exercises, the roll was called, each ward being represented. Sister Eva M. James then favored us with a solo, and the Tenth, Thirty-thirLiberty and Emigration Wards were reported to be progressing favorably and in the line of their duty. Sister Lillian Malquist rendered a piano nt , d, "solo. . -r-- Elizabeth Crism.on of the .General Board addressed us for a short .time Counselor Mary Hodgson spoke on" the Christmas, spirit ami encouraged us to be cheerful givers. After the closing exercrses conference adjourned until 2 o'clock. During the noon recess, lunch was served to all present. Confernece reconvened at 2 o'clock. After the opening exercises, and a solo en- tjtt.( "Jerusalem." bv Sister Nellie SconG. hanlley gave greeting berg. Counselor and welcomed all present, afterwards introlecducing Elder LeG'rand Young, who tured to us on the "Advancement of Women." which was instructive and much enjoyed. A letter was read from ttie General Board concerning the storing of wheat, also one about Richie's Primer of Sanitation. '. Elder C W. Symons spoke to us on the organization of the Relief Society and its early history, and asked the blessings of Cod on all our efforts. Counselor Eardley made a few closing remarks, thanking all who had helped to make our conference a' success. After a solo by Sister Eva James entitled "God be with us till we meet again." benediction was pronounced by Sister Vilate Barrow?. Adjourned for six months. . Lizzie Rmup.ins, Sec. ONEIDA STAKE. Conference of the Oneida Stake Relief Society, Nov. 12, 1011, President Louisa B. Benson presiding. There were present Susa V. Gates and Edna May Davis of the General Board, Stake President Jos. S. Geddes. Counselor James Johnson, members of the High Council, and other leading brethren. After opening exercises. Counselor Hannah Mickleson made an address of welcome. The roll call showed eleven members of the Stake Board present, and nine societies represented. The treasurer's report was read and approved. The Societies of Preston Third Ward, Fairview ami Oxford were reported as in satisfactory condition, the teachers' working earnestly, the mothers' work doing much good, etc.; after which Sister Susa Young Gates spoke as follows "When we do our duty under adverse circumstances it helps to- strengthen our character. The strongest men and women among us have been brought up through adversity. You have one condition here not found elsewhere, that is. the young mothers are members and workers. This isas it should be. The Y L. AI. I. A. is a stepping stone to the Relief Society. Every branch of our work in the home, or in any and every walk of life should be founded on the stone of the Gospel of Christ. Mothers, bring up your children on the diet of the Scriptures. Feeding the poor, visiting the sick, clothing the naked, etc., are good, but not enoligh for Latter-da- y Saints.. We must live our religion. As women of Zion we must honor our husbands if we would bring up our children, in the path ot the' Gospel. The Relief Society is the only auxiliary' organization, that came under the direct super-- ; vision of the Prophet Joseph Smith." (The speaker read Section 25 of the Doctrine, and Covenants, a revelation given to Ernmja Smith.) Society officers must work-- in harmony with' your Bishop, as" the Priesthood is the head ; it is the power delegated by God for the government of His Church, and we must honor His Priest- " '-- Sister Alice M. Home of the General Board addressed the conference, giving good instructions, speaking words of encouragement, and urged all present to subscribe for the IV Oman's Exponent. The solo entitled ''Sometime, Somewhere," was rendered by Sister Eva James, after which Elders C. V. Symons and T. II. Woolley of the 1 1 igh'Council. spoke to us for a short time, stating their interest in Relief Society, work, the influence for good derived from it, encouraged us to seek inspiration from our Heavenly Father, and expressed their desire to render what assistance they could for the cause. y . - -- '.'You-Relie- hood." - .' f , - i. : STAKE. - - Ster RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. ' r.-- r- ft :;. WOMAN i c.ArUnc. 40 .esjK-eiaTl- ".H V-v- Piano solo, by Letitia Paull. Edna May. Davis made a few remark' on proper dress. Benediction by Dora Geddes. At the afternoon session, the s;take i furnished the singing, and three mort var.l Societies were represented. President Louisa B. Benson reported the Societies of the stake as being in a condition ; spoke on the necessity 'of teachers being prompt in visiting; and asked the husbands to assist the ir wivcn t come to the Relief Society meetings. Piano solo, by Letitia Paull. A paper, "Synopsis of Mothers' Work." was read by Secretary Phebe A. M. MeWil. Duet by Leonard and Mabel Moore. Siter Edna May Davis spoke as feill"It is truth that counts, and I desire to speak nothing but truth to you. One we should learn is to do good,- not in mi a desire for reward but from a love of truth and righteousness. Today is the day to pref the pare to meet the Lamb. The vanity world and love of dress are leading many of our young people astray. Parents huill teach their children the importance of going to the Temple to be married and thus start life right. Tight short skirts, with and short sleeves do not betoken a modest girl and should never be worn. is a better adornment than jewels. We make a serious mistake when we clothe the body and neglect the mind the spirit part of us." The next speaker, Sister Susa Young Gates, said : "My. father (President Young) used to say 'Praying will make a man stop sinning, and sinning will stop a man from praying.' Life is so short it is. but a span between the life before and the life to come, that we have no time to spend in chit) work. Every thought, every action of our life should he to progress in the truth and sowing germs of eternal truth in the minds of those whom we meet. Real intelligence is the knowledge of God and the gospel of Jesus Christ. When we do not pay an honest tithing we rob ourselves." Spoke of Temple work and the blessings we enjoy in being privileged to work therein for .the redemption of our dead. "May the Lord help us to be Latter-daSaints in vcrv deed, and to be true Relief Society workers." Choir sang an anthem,' and the benediction was pronounced by President Jos. S. ' - vcryYn-couragin- g '.: le-- n - low-nec- Mod-est- y v ear-ne- st Geddes; Piiebe A. M. McNeil, Secy. NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. The branch; of the National Woodrow Wilson League jiist formed at Stanford University was limited to men. But 13 oi a body the young women students came-iand asked admission. According to the San Francisco Bulletin, a law student pointed to the excluding women. "Oh, change if," chorused the gins, "We've changed the constitution of State of California, so' it won't be hard for !" you to change your Thereupon the, young men not only but elected changed the obnoxious Miss Mary Felita Smith of Fresno StanThey are, now boasting 4hat and ford: has the' first political ,club of men women ever organized at an American' um" ' : '' v versity. n by-la- w by-la- ws by-la- w, nt. vice-preside- - -- JU 