1i VI" 1 Woman U. WELLS, Editor and Publisher EM.il ELINE ...... ....... lit . .1 .ME ssimuiu tVtny ELJ CVlV U. . 4."J..., ; J , - : monthly in Sftlt bake ( "it y, Utah. 'JYrnrs f0 ots, month, on.- copy on w ar, $1.00; one copy by iii!- foreluhs. City papers delivf-m- t No L'5 our et. fur cxtrn ar, y mail, potate Each sjiian ten line of .lv. rtisiti rati-sone tinit- fJ.oO; month, $3.00. A lih ral VtiMi.-ho- l - - non-pari.- : - ifi.rouiit to nular p-- -.l r alvurtiM-rs- . thr Bishop's llxt'KNKNTnflicf rooms'- - ami l"., 2nl BuihliriK', 40 North Main Str t, "Business hours from 10 a. u). to 5 p. in., evvry:'lay. except Snmlay. Athlrt-H-- i all luriiM'ss HlnhVuni,a4ion to WKU',S, Mrs. k-l- i. .' ; KntneJ Salt Lakj vt afjlt . -- .nv, -- Mke L City. r ah. .ih I t'ljur' THE FORTIETH VOLUME. It vt ry .ra re t ha a wnman 's urv iv.'d the tdmgvs that paper r iouriialKt'iV ".li.lV trajb-pir- -- f"r iper h rt S in news- e the. number of littlr tri:i('KikahlULs'lr('l(l its place extern land.' aiming the women .ntVthis' To Jell its complete history" would he a long (frv: what it has. done and what recorded ..diujhg these year- - h is heen 'mute remark-hl 'X't. niw because it i not.so: strange a thifig..'hut thirty-nin- e ycarsl ago times lure we're very different, aild indeed in the I 'nited .States there were very few womeirs vejirs - a' . ' papers ; ; ; ' .. Tlit H'oman's Joutnal oi .Boston is the oldest paper, founded by fjicv Stone, now ill its fnrty-send volume. having been issued ' lir-- t in IS' It has onn;tiir.es had a, 'hard struggle,, yet it has always been a very popular paper u ith suffrage people, and those of ;ridy;lnced; ideas along the lines of pro-- . Kress. h, has. h w'ever. 'had, ikVarial gifts of money, voine 'large Minivfrtim those who ere anxious to help tY)ryarda movemjejnt '"forlirtrnHfi-i"rfen!or luinianitv. 'Hie only the' kind that has survived other paper s was tin'' Englishwomen's RrSiciL, thfit livel for half a centurv. and certainly was one of the hest periodicals of its time." The Sew Sorth West, quite a popular woman's paper founded in Portland, Ore-L,ro- n in 1S69 by Abaail Scott, Dunniwray, was discontinued for. lack of support, a liuniher of vear.s ao.. Hd.Y of former days published Tlie a few) ears in Toledo; Ohio, and afterwards in Syracuse, Xew York, by Matilda Joslyn ( late. one of the finest and best 'of that day. The IT omun's Tribune later in Washington, 1). ( published ''and edited by Clara B. Colby, a woman of untold energy and enterprise "the organ for some years of the National Woman's Suffrage Association, as for years of the the Woman's. Journal'-waAmerican Woman's Suffrage- Association; there was one' earlier paper. The Golden Era, published in "San Francisco,, started about the same time, perhaps a little later, than the Sne Sorth West, hy Mrs. A. J. Boyer w hose nom de Phune was Dora Dartmoor, that was discontinued long years ago now, but it was very opular for a time and prosperous. It vas sort of light reading, and did not advocate any such' objectionable principles as Woman Suffrage ox Dress Reform, but this ant a dozen" other e - . . t)opiilarvith-tht'.wopi- e W'iJ A W fl - -A, . 1 in.-m- Salt Lake' City, I'ot'Offic( in Snli C le very Exponent ....... ... fX 11... mosc who sbould rmisiQe;iiie aim. if he its patrons, .atter-da- v only for the history 0f thV Saints, becati.se it has always vt(K)d for "Mormon;'. doctrine front the very .Relief Society itself, and the sketches of the first issue; and therefore its'supporters and women who have carried this benevolent natrons have been almost entirely of our work forward ; and when the vouiilt wonn V.t it has gained some friends who are attaining such superior education riw'n faitfi. outsjde both liereat home, and abroad in want to write books and delineate character other: countries they will have a fountain of material in the Tt has been vtv useful among our own lives of the veterans of MormoniMn, U1(J ssc the MJssissippi river in the !, ,,f ieoile eHecialL as an organ of. the Re .winter the on who those ice,and while bene is camnof the most which one lief Society, t : . r Ai .... r ,. i. it. licial societies in the world; antHn its vol- - mj on uie ouiiK.s ui inc river alter eniLr umes there is muc h history contained, which driven out by the mob were fed by the tmails tney and tneir cnuuren will he as wonderful is reliable for relerence for future lustor i cum .uii, inv iiji "ero- ians, not only concerning woman's work, in Greece ines of Rome and that the industrial and educational, but the lives of poets porin verse and song. the women, who figured conspicuously in the tray is lack no There of nobilitv and hemim davs of the. Prophet Joseph and his succes Mormon women, there may U sor. Bngham Young, and yvho in connec among of grace and polish of manner, but the tion with these and other great men, notahlv ileber C. Kimball, Parley P. and Orson daughters who write the history of these Pratt. John Taylor, Wil'ford Woodruff, Or- - prophetesses who went among the sick and son Hyde and others whose names stand suffering and toiled for humanity's sake, and significant in Church history: These women net forjlollars and cents, but in the huniil- hehx'd to lay the foundations of the great ity and meekness of saints in very deed latter-da- y should have their praises sung by those, who work. 'Home' industry too has been fostered and nmv reap the benefits bequeathed to them hv krrand and noble women, whose sim- hv women, and President BnV-eiirournp-eJiaiit Young appreciated the assistance of our pie acts of charity and love hed around -. v i of . t s - , women's pepers were comparatively shortlived, notwithstanding their popularity, The Woman's Exponent was not likely to : t"' d them such tenderness, that it remains with many unclertakings ioth ot enter i t. us who live today and who knew them r.... i.i:t l priser ano reiurni, inai ne esiauiiMJeu ami man'y'b these" projects, and schemes, are' sccin as a holy consecration, that 'has tn written , up in the volumes of the Woman s kindled in our hearts a desire to go forward Exponent and w ill furnish good material for and do likewise. .future historians who will, it is ardently hoped, remember the women of Zion when compiling the history of this Western land. THE WAYS THEY ARE MANY AND There has leen no great work during WIDE." these years commenced by women that has not been considered and helped by this litThe ways of life at the present time are tle paper. The grain movement established by Brig-ha- indeed many, and the paths in which some Young was planned and encouraged by are walking are very wide, and lead this wav' the Woman's Exponent under his specific di and that, and the craze for the uncertain rection and tounsel, and - it most certainlyj xvalsill? t j should-bsustained by tne women ot tnese walk therein, and stray far from the paths mountain vales and not only continue to aid of safety, and. after all what real iov is and encourage the work of women, but be there in pursuing a phantom ? No true hap- come essential in all the movements for the pmess is gained and the endj.s sorrow and uplifting of women in all the departments of lamentation, even if there should be peni- e and" development, and in the tence. One looking on with sober, thou edit at the spiritual strengthening of the inner life, and the bringing. to pass greater confidence ami mad pursuit of pleasure, or vanity, so to excellence in the graces of character, and speak, cannot but realize in some small de- nobility of soul, an intense sympathy with gree at least the consequences that must human life that should characterize the inevitably follow sooner nr Infer the reck- Saints of God and help them to attain that lessness of the youth of the present day; breadth of benevolence and charity, that is whose lives are. to a large extent given over more man compensation lor tlie lack of. to tne pursuit of pleasure that is harmful worldly wealth. This is the aim and pur- - in its tendency if not in itself pose of the Gospel to create an atmosphere Watching the crowds of pleasure seekers of strength, that will tend to the know ledge as they go to and fro to the various resorts qt the Everlasting Truth, that will reveal where they congregate, and listening to the useii in tne personality ot the Latter-da- y snatches of conversation, judging of the that all those who come into their light conduct of manv of those whose time Saints, ' feel and realize. .. should be better emnloved. is almost 'heart- presence may As a people we should sustain our own rending : when one consider what the con- ' publications, not only as a duty but from sequences of such felly must be... what is possible for those todo who have PLTva and it cannot be composition reached with- at heart the welfare of young people imthe out an effort. Every great ood to'which midst of this wdiirlpool of pleasure and exthis people has attained in the past, has re- citement V quired individual effort and persistence in It is a problem not easily solved. The direction the; sought. Now that iht Wom- mad rush and restlessness that seems to be I an s Exponent is just entering its fortieth abroad everywhere at tr present time is it is a time year to give a little encour- like a contagion ; it spreads abroad until it good and agement patronage. Let the sisters try would seem to cover the earth. can De wnai done in tne several stakes to Parental care and authority in some in- the number increase who. will take it and stances seem but nf littU the wisdom or pay, hi auvauee, anu give it support by voice and experience of mature yearsf advisin sisteriit m r-i -- home-cultur- , ; ; . 