President Julii E. Miller welcomed the sisters, to the conference after 'which the testify; then- - of-th- e great worth it has been to Believed that things as well as in temporal,-anilrgyd the sisters to cultivate right thinking as well a right living in order to get the' be- out of was being following Societies were reported as being accomplished in the of donations and way in a thriving condition: in assistance to the ri Marvsville, poor. and Parker. 'Sifter Miller 'reported the Sister McCune spoke of the origin of the Societies as being in good Relief Society, its aim and object as exworking order rlie stakev officers as l,,eing united and plained by the Prophet Joseph "Smith. We the Word of Wisdom. must each do our duty if we become identi-- . Stake Treasurer RJjoda A. Mason gave bed with this great work, amLnot allow a a financial report, after which Sister Vera few to do it all. Realized that the officers, '. of St. Sharp Anthony rendered a vocal had great responsibilities and perhaps they "lo. Sister Farnsworth spoke fur some were not always but we must time on the beauties of Relief Society work, seek to know our appreciated, duty and then ask God to and gave many other good instructions; and' help us to perforin it, no' matter how difficult Sifter Cannon spoke on the duties of the Reit mav seem. We must Ik? kind to the poor lief Society teacher, also on the need of beand aid them, for thereby we gain a blessing charitable to all. ing; diligent in holding our meetings even Bishop Cunningham of the Asliton ward if only a few are present. Encouraged the mid of the help the Relief Society is to the. storing of wheat and.-no- t keep our wheat Bishopric. it as be would useless should a fammoney, ine come. Crged the mothers to see that The afternoon session convened at 2 p. ni: their young people go to the Temple to be with President Julia E. Miller presiding. married, that their children might be born The following societies were reported : under the covenant ; recommended economy I'arnum, Egin, and Wiltord ; and words of and simplicity in our Temple clothes. welcome were given by First Counselor Mary J. Miller, followed by a duct from At 2 p. m. the Relief Society conference Marvsville ward. was held in connection with the ward meetSister Sarah J. Cannon' poke on the. storing; The house was filled, many coming of grain; suggested that the Relief So- from other wards. The Thatcher choir was ing should have a reserve fund for emerin attendance, and rendered some beautiful ciety ' gencies. . anthems. Sister Farnsworth spoke of genealogical After the administration of the sacrament, told of the evils of the saloon'and the time was given over to the sisters and work; gave other good instructions. President Elizabeth. W. Layton presided, C. brother F. Lloyd of the High Council and introduced Sister Elizabeth McCune, encouraged the sisters in the good work. who occupied most of the remaining time 'resident D. G. Miller spoke of the grand and to good advantage. She began by dework of the mothers. lie said each mem-lie- r scribing the scenes of some of her travels of the Relief Society should be a misand incidents connected therewith. Spoke on subjects' of importance, to Latter-da- y sionary, A paper on Mother's Class Work was read Saints, more especially of Temple work for the dead. Urged that families organize, for by Sister Ethel M. Humphreys. After a duet by two little girls oLMarys-vill- e the purpose of raising a fund to obtain their ward, benediction was pronounced by genealogy which in some instances is very difficult. The work of the Lord must be i'.idiop A. D. Miller. done in order and holiness, and we can do Mary E. Browkr. it only by seeking His assistance each hour Secretary. of the dav. much-goo- d -t sh-to- all-keepin- life. Sister Oberry spoke a short time and bore her testimony to the divinity of the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, the founder of the Relief Society. Elder II. A. Benson spoke for a short" time, encouraging the sisters in their work 'and calling attention to some of the condition that have" to be met and 'dealt with in the uplift of humanity. Sister Catherine .Woodbury, one of our lady missionaries who had been called to go to Spokane, Wash., and labor, also spoke for a short time and boje her testimony to the work. g ( 11. Secretary Pro tem. t'LN'TAII : ; . in good condition. Mrs. Failnie E. Stewart, supervisor of mother's w ork. Reported the work and read th outlines of last year's also tin's year's work. Sister Edna May )avis related some of the benefits received from prayer when we pray in faith, doubting nothing; spoke of some of her travels, and of the first principles of the gospel. Referring to our dress, she said we should not follow the fashions of the world, and in conclusion urged each and every one to try ami keep the command- I Relief Society conference of the St. Joseph Stake was held at Thatcher, Qctober in the meeting house. .A business session convened at 10 a. m., at which a good representation of the officers from all the J "ranches was, present. A number of the and brethren were in attendance, al- Sister Elizabeth McCune of the General Hoard, President Elizabeth W. Layton, all of the St. Joseph Stake Board, 'and about thirty-eigofficers, which is a good showV ! ht ing. ' First Counselor Selena Phillips, who was charge, made pleasant and congratulatory remarks at. the opening anBd was followed by reports from different local presidents ; Pima "ciety by Sena Norton; Matthews ward by ' Mary Mack ; Eden by Carrie Blair ; Emery by Olive Windsor ; Graham by Hattie Skinner; Layton By. Louise Welker; Central by Diantha Smith ; Thatcher by Adelia Tyler, "!iijn a very fair condition. President E, W. Layton gave a detailed report of the Relief Society of the Stake. Saul that all the wards had been visited, and cen encouraged in their work. All were up in their lessons, except in the Doctrine and ( ovenants, sections of which had been recommended for the work meetings. Those societies that have taken hold of this study, n -- - ; : Conference adjourned for six months, after the anthem, "Hark, what mean those 'holy voices." with benediction bv President C. M. Layton. IlRANCII, OREGON'. Portland Branch Relief Societv was held September 27, 1911. Sister Elizabeth Crismon of the GeneralBoard of Relief Societies was in 'attendance. There were present of the local society three officers and ten members, as was also If. A. Benson, secretary of the N. V. States Mis- ments of the Lord. given bv Miss Marv Merkley. Mrs. Susa Yountr Gates compared the belief of the Latter-da- y Saints with other denominations; advised the mothers to educate their children in the gospel, for "train-child in the way it should go it will not depart from it." She spoke some of her travels in distant lands as well as at home. President Colton-mada few closing remarks in regard to the duties of the Relief Secretary. A special meeting of the 1 A recitation-wa- Josephine Kim hall. PORTLAND STAKj:. The annual Conference of the Relief Society of Cintah Stake was held in the Stake tabernacle. August (), lnll, beginning at 10 a. m. President Xancy A. Colton presiding. There were present of the priesthood Stake Counselor Ernest Eaton; three-HigCouncilors; one Bishop; four Elders, and three visiting brethren aKo Sifters Snsa Young Gates and Edna May Davis of the ' General .Board. President Colton welcomed the brethren and sifters, and also reported the Society - ST. JOSKI'H STAKE. A.'Bensox, e - Society. . An officers' meeting w as held between session's, at which President Kcturah Merkley reported Vernal First ward; and President Rannah. B. Odekirk reported Vernal Secsion. ond wafd Society in good condition. itmma Rolling called meeting Miss Edna May Davis gave instructions . President as to storing grain and of the clothes to be to order and presided. After opening exercises, roll Call and reading of minutes, worn in the Temple of the Lord. Mrs. Susa Young Gates said President Sister Crismon addressed the. meeting. She spoke of soincvof the things being done by Emmeline B. Wells wished all the Relief the societv for the betterment of conditions Societies to have a good library, and sug-home, especially for those of our sex w ho gested a w ay to start one. She advised the are laboring in stores, factories, etc. She teachers in regard to their duties especially urged the sisters to set proper examplcsj in regard to prayer in.. time of trouble and" before the younger girls that they may he ' when they go out teaching the people. , kept in the path of purity. She thought also At the afternoon session Mrs. Susa thafthe work of the Relief Society should extend farther than to relieve mere physical Young Gates was the firsts speaker She want and that the sisters should minister to said the gospel is nothing new. it is preached the people and encourage them m spiritual just the same today as it w:as in the rise of '. at j , . : ' a 