V WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT 'wi v ;wnu my iatner attended a 'Mormon meeting -- I luriKHtuver. 11 . working for my, own support. I thought it ' would be better for me to remadn with mv .(.. Friday evening, Number 1th ,?10,.' the dociri,. t:, H , brother where I was sure of work, I 'did no't brrmcl. ; John P. Crane ho,,,, with .him ami he th,ams and ciders go' to Xauvoof unH after Jhe death of the. in i,r "c as the nr,t Prophet Joscjd.i Smith and Hy-r- um A ernm..' I i ... Smith. As soon. as I heard of their nne-- . program-wasrendered, saints and) Church. Mv ninths u, ' iri.ul death. I began toqirepare to leave my brothfnuHls taking part ; also a dainty lunch was John P. GrVene before he left home our and er my associates and go to my father, ,crvcd. I he attendance Avas very good and in. the town of- Euclid. Mv and it I could Ohio, work there I would stay.' get. ' i.V i oil had an enjoyable time. The "object of! father did n,,t ,Y.; ft,,.' v., 1111 IU Mil Lilt, n,,..,! took the steamboat and landed in Nauvoo the oa;d was to promote unity' in 1837. My' sisters Pannv, Xancv July 11, '1814.; I have never seen but two fiiary",' branch, and that friends and investigators ana were kf myselt baptized the same day bv my fai'nily since. One of my brothers might become better acquainted with the Elder Andrew Jacksoiv Wed'nes-da- y came to see me at Council Bluffs and my (uares. - saints-. we were confirmed, as members of the youngest brother came to seeme since I" On Wednesday, November 9th, 1910, the Church of Jesus Christ of latter-dahave been in Bear Lake County f1c7 was I'arndey Relief Society sisters gave their Saints, vby Elder Squares. In answer'tu iny on his way to California. Shortly after P in the Arcade prayer for a .monthly tea party I received the gift moved to Nauvoo I fouud plenty of work testimony flail meeting room, George Yard, Barns-le- v of tongues. My sister Harriet was the first and accordingly I stayed, and in course (Sheffield' conference). Sister Jennie one of our family that embraced the gospel. became aefmarnted with a young iiKin Ward acted as chairman, and was very kind My mother died in the faith of the strong hy the name of William B. Lindsay and rr' in furnishing dishes and refreshments. Sislatter-da- y work and' her last words to Sister February 19. 1845 we. were married, and ter Kimberley and President' Annie Ben fell Fanny and were to the remember myself in the spring we went back to his fathers' 'also furnished refreshments. About seven covenant we had made at the waters of in Wisconsin, as he thought he could do m. a good program was rendered by baptism. mother died in My better there, and he widied me to go with July 6, 1837, saints and friends. Mr. Hoyle, formerly a Euclid. Ohio. Soon after we joined the him, biit I did not feel willing to go away s.'Mier in India, recited two. poems for us. Church father began-tmy prepare to "go front the main body of the Church., I was A vote of thanks was given to all who as- to Missouri and in the fall of 'thirty-nin- e to stav and do the best I could l, sisted. Brother Harry Quilter, daughter we started for the gathering place of the willing he returned. As there was nqt much Louisa, and son Charles I iyrijm, came from Saints. We arrived in Louisiana in Pike work to be had in Nauvoo and we had to P.irdwell. Elder John Vaughan and Elder County, Missouri some time in October, prejiare to live, and as there was considJohn Hadfield came from Wombwell. .1839. Here we were met bv the brethren erable excitement we expected the Saints All enjoyed leaving the state and they said it was ot.no Many friends were present. would have to find a home in some other themselves. Millennial 'Star. use to proceed anv farther as the Saints land and it would require considerable were all required to leave the state, at the means to prepare for the journey; my huspoint of the bayonet. Accordingly we band went and returned soiyir t"nV in JTnng. v on the Illinois sine of the ri vef ancf ' The following winter the mob was contin-SKETCH OF JULIA P. LINDSAY. brother-in-lafather and brothers and my iially huniTrrNfor some one of our brethren hired out for the winter cutting cordwood and the faints i)egan to prepare to start to Julia Larks Lindsay, daughter of Wilfor Burnet, who owned the Steam I7erry the Rocky Mountains, and February, liam Parks and Fanny Hyde, was born Febat that place. My father and the boys 1846, there was a. company fitted up and ruary 2, 1824, in Livonia, Livingston counbuilt three small log cabins near the river crossed in the cold bleak Xew York. ty. in the midst of the timber. Here we lived winter. Mv husbairtf was called" to fro as My Father, William Parks, was born until spring, and as my lather was a mason 0ne of the guards and mv sister Fanny and March 21, 1787, in the .town of Lebanon. .wished us l were left and lived together until anoth by trade tlie people in Louisiana t New London County, Connecticut .. JMy. Mother, Fanny Hyde, was born April 21, father and my brothers worked at masonry. had the of going with my broth- opportunity 17('0, in Bethlehem, Hartford Countv, Con Tlie following: fall we moved to the town errin-laI felt very anxious to go for I necticut. The birthplaces of my grandparLouisibelow of Clinton, about half a mile had heard that my, husband was quite sick ents L do not know, but my grandfather, ana. While living here there occurred an with the measles and I knew that he would Kh'iah .Parks, died in 1790 in the town of incident w hich might be interesting to note. be exposed to the cold and would not have Bethlehem, Litchfield County, Connecticut. One day as we were seated around the much to comfort him and although I? felt W hen father was but three years of age table, I happened to. look out toward, the very loath to leave my dear sister yet I my rny grandmother, Anna Beaumont, was left river and saw a man about a rod from the felt it a duty to go. I started in a very rainy with nine children all at home. Anna BeauI knew, spring and the roads .were bad. I travshore, walking out into the river. mont Parks died March 23, in Livbnia, Livthe water was very deep and I called the eled a whole week and never got into a ingston County," New. York, in the spring neighbors close by to come and see this ride. Some days we would only wagon-toof 1850. My grandfather, Benjamin "Hvde, man walking on the vater... The ferry-bogo two miles. I did not overtake my husI died, think, in 1830 in New York state. had started but Jiis w3y and we. were in band until I got to Garden Grove. He was would pick the strangrandmother, .Mary Umpstead, I have hopes the 'ferry-ma- n just getting so that he could work a little. no knowledge of. except her name. ger up, but they did not take any notice of When we got as far as Pisgah we found I resided in the town" of Livonia until him. We watched him until; he reached the quite a number of the Saints camped and the fall of 1S31, then nioved with my father other shore and saw him go up out of the as our teams were tired vc thought it best and the rest of the vater, climb over the fence and go into the to rest there and make ourselves as. com.family to Eifclid, Cuyahoga County ,' Ohio, near Cleveland, and timber.' My father afterward inquired of fortable as our circumstances would permit. sixteen miles east of Kirtland. Here I beif they had seen any body The brethren cleared..a small piece of land the ferry-me- n came acquainted with some of the Latter-da- y walking on the river, but they said they had and put in a garden so that in the course Saints. One of my mother's sisters'. be- - not. Ther were eight persons in pur party of six weeks we had plenty of garden stufTs 'onged to that body; living in Kirtland, often who saw this strange, man as plain as Qould to eat. This was a great blessing as we pam us a visit and in process of time my be, without anylmagination. He seemed to had been without all summer. bother became favorabjy impressed in in the water which rippled be ankle-dee- p (to be continued.) frock a wore He to'this' latter-da- y work. My father behind him as he walked. (lid not like' to have them hat Other xpeople talk on the sub- coat and a stove-pip- e ject, and finally told my aunt that, if she laughed, and said "The .Mormons had seen As the coul '1 not come to visit us without Queen Mary now flies her own flag; just bringing Joe Smith walking on the river. mother-in-laOueen A fne Book of Mormon, and talking Snints had no abiding place, my father as docs her Queen Clary's standard carries the she might stay away. However, bought jl farm four, miles from the town of arms of -- England with those pf the late jne kept up her visits with us and finally Louisiana and tpok his family there where located in Nauvoo. Duke of Teck:- It was flown, over Marlbor- Saints the mvited my mother to until lived we but with home her, go ough House for the first time a few; days my father would not. let her sro unless he. Mv father prebared to- go to."the main body Tvr- -, Went tnta large family to rago, when King George was absent and; had He Church. w i v h i ium iriin li. ofThe i ir vii rip ri 4. T so hn with mv brother Oueen Mary remained in.town. 'Ex. livinfr. -o ,c to tnem j went ttuui uingiy wi in ivm t v"''l,wfvHw9fT?,m " - his-broth- r.--i w,t;,i i, -- - .. - " . I .1 1 I ... y. and-socia- l , of-time- d 1 1. tin-ti- re-liiam- ed " " " w m i j . j. w. at V re-sTa- rd , . Mor-onis- lcx-andr- w, - m, - - JTX .u'-i.-::..- i , i j -- "tI" Z1 umavj i i 1 -- . v-- a. ' 