WOMAN'S EX PON K NT. HE TANGLED c?Sk ; In ,!.ivs of old they lovers were, n -- olden youtimu (lays,-j-war Id was like to fairy land, luminous its rays. j'jc Miily was and dignified, c, winsome as a dream, . Uc. by side they wandered tlu-r- r V -- V But ere tbcy canH u, rarth upon' my head ; moN" wav pronounced, and tin was said live to see lorth J iiy son-- , on nil u .u- - to the ol earth. ;, tr-- the winding stream. ,iilt; -- e Summer with its glorious sheen rrn? o'er tltf leafy way ; they wander on, t;ii not the squirrel's play. uorld of love lies at their feet, X! 0 And as each one , aid up was jtraliitg balm from , pre-e- i -- t 1!,;! O h ow niy ;icredness. the holiness lovers understand. It- heart-i-triug- s it 1 y stand her yet, but coldly speak.. Ih:r eyes flash at his gaze. And - they part O cruel Fate Though loving tenderly. 0 (jod of Love, wave thou thy wand, Aert this misery! - if.-'- - -- - is , X- - L Holland Park. i:X PKR I K N't KS. Could anything have increased my interest in the most vital, question of the day the emancipation of women it was my experience iirthc orient China, Japan. India. Egyjtt. war I During the late Russo-Japanewas nine months in the land of glorified politeness wonderful, delightful, unique.mys-teriou- s Japanrwhere life. is said to be a thing of furi and joy. Wherever we went in this land of flow- II. Snow.. Elgin Crescent 116 London . V. PLAY BY JULIA WARD HOWE. "Ilippolytus." a. drama by Julia Ward se my Girls and Bciys.) to me brought many' joys That must praise; e'en though I disagree .'th all the ,pots, who have chosKtheer theme - Howe, neVer before produced, will be performed at a special matinee by Miss Mar- garet Anglin and her associates on March 24 at 2.15 p. m." at the Tremont Theatre, by the cottrtesV of Mr. John I. SchoefTel. It is the wish of Miss Anglin and her maners Yokohama, ; Tokio. XikH; ATivanos, that the proceeds shall be devoted to Nital, Kobe, Kyota, Xagana and many of agers the Julia Ward Howe Memorial Fund. the shialkr native towns in the interior "Hippolytiis' has an interesting history. nothing more interested ine than the women written by Mrs. Howe in 1858, at of Japan- - of Edwin I ooth and Charlotte-CushmanIn Japan, the noblest virtue of . women is the request to be played by them. Ir. Iooth obedience. , Woman'sllot .may be summed Obediences" actually began to "rehearse the drama of 'the Three called is in yyhat up which he expressed a very high opinion, obedience while' yet unmarried to a fathboth as to its literary and artistic qualities ; er; obedience when married' to a husband; ' but its production Was for some reason obedience when widowed to abandoned. Mrs. Howe often expressed her to a Japanese famintroduction first "My that the play had never J been of master regret deep at Watanabas, Tokio in was ily we met produced, and Miss Anglin has great ceremony for the emperor. Here now performing her labor of love. the wife and children and had our first Jap ..March 18, 191 L anese dinner chop .sticks,:; raw fish, sake; Woman's Journal, Boston, It-w- ' : m. as - Tey say. thou'rt blustering and thy chilling winds r P reeze.Li) the fountains, stream and river binds, everything thou blow'st thy hoary breath, n1 C!)vt rest earth as, with white pall of. death. - i " ut vitlv thy howling winde conies bleat of lamb.. .' nd th,; U"rt in to travail, bring forth again t e rdant green that peeps--, through melting ' in. -- MARCH. groans brit.g forth the spt ing ost go. :' WOMEN IN THE ORIENT. " D Alder. night-drea- pang to any generous European heart." . along the shore, land of youthful "dreams, Where quarrels are no more. or ; PKRSO Or,; to the day-visio- n - , v unset s softened afterglow. ut thought and pen, o' a in t ip Mnv ach scorning haughtily. so w. : V to tli v nnrtfv .iarc!r..th6u'st And for my firstborn son my prayers ascend, That he to all Life's duties may attend. Prize, hold his birthright as of costly worth, And stand a savior of his race on earth. id - calmly floats their fairy bark heated-t- M 1 Xot lesser loved were firstborn girls I weeri-.Chamberlain. Professor of Japanese Lil1 Fach to 1115- soul have joy and anchor been. Lerature, m the 1 mversitv of J okio. in his Companion, friend, I ve found in daughter, son, book. ''ThmifvH;u)ancsc " says: "The And life" h.'js been the richer for each one. treatment of JilpaVuAe women might can se Nellie Becraft -- tydia will, Thee. -- gone. and bitterness only love remains Impetuous youth, and all it bring-- . j"::e with its joys and pains. I hey stand beside the altar now, And utter, words at last, That would have meant a world of bliss, . J'" iore that tangled past. the seas send today. on mission far away. Help him. in cause of Truth, to valiant be, Kach added year, more filletlwith love of 1 - : I Father, keep him safe from every ilk Grant him the strength, tbe power, to do Thy . I a-k- (j Tribm a lovittg heart," closer as the years depar: j 1 0 . -- "-- i tender" tribute Which binds us Greetings across To one dear boy ' lie t i A though the past was naught- his voice, looks in his eyes. Her senses in a whirl. a The tear drops start unbidden flow They clear the misty past, . ho-- e hitting scenes are now revealed he ways have met at last. 1 II . hen, too. in March cam T mv-id- f to And Gladys, first wee grandchild, had her birth; ..Six, twelve, sixteen, and twenty-six- , the days We each remember and on which each pays Thi- SJre hears ! '1 1 once again they meet, lover boy And girl; Y! ii me. ily death dissolved those sacred bonds The ties that marriage brought. ) 1111 my knee. lbit dear dd March brought promised sons to , 'N'.'w 1 hor two plus two lisped, mother, rouui ''They urow apart nor meet again L'ntil a flood of yeafs Have brought grey hairs, and wrinkles tell ):' sorrows borne in tears. Tfuy each have by the altar stood, ;ride I wo ln.ys sent by tlie Father from above Four -- oul- to lead, guide, cherish, aid and nve, He 1 ' I -- All and grow, expand. a.pirrt 'achieve, and he that I longed and hoped in them to te? And daily- - prayers went up to Father'- - throne I hat my part might be well .ami faithful lone. ' A I AH The eerie is changed they proudly i:inM' by the parting ways; - 1 , . A- i- on. Chi luren ut oromi-e- . ent I rnc,. t., nm Lnder niy guidance, coun-e- l and control . voniu , witii all niy weakness, aid each soui d dil Le tc r h O VV -- wealth will but unfold. - lull was as - usual in Japan, tlumb in the presence of her lord and master. She only spoke when spoken to. then answered in The husband. Watatmba monosyllables. was a threat traveler, and could speak the iniisii lanuae nuentTv. When." t (iue-- tinned him regard mil' hi- - "all around ibe world"' tour" and wiiat most itn- linn in European countrie-- , hi- - repres-e- l "The thin- - that imt 'imply was thi-- : pressed me in Kuropeau countries was to find that women haJ ileas." The'avera;e woman in Jajan. is he r husband's drudoe. Slie fetches and carries for him. waits upon him at the table, bows d wu humbly before him in the hall when "my lord" -- sallies forth. She may be divorced at his own oood pleasure. He can divorce her for talking too much, for illness, for .having no children, for adultery, for jealousy, for disobeying father-in-law- 1 or mother-in-lalie can haw other wives and w hat k still w orse, if he-schooses, lie can bring home, to live with bis wife, a disreputable- woman a woman from the street. The wife must sav nothing: If she shows any signs of distress, jealousv. unhappiness, lie can divorce her. Should she eave liini wo mailer how tHul a. cause she may have for so doing her children are taken away from her and given to ibe husband.- , She is left aloi'ie, no children, no home, no means of support. What is tot). often the result? She sells her soul for food. Man is her sole 'food Mtpply. This economic dependence of woman upon man is tlie result of daily .tragedies. j . -- All tune' an . -- enter Jiafid in hand; Tl.e conscious world that lies about - .ill forgotten or unknown; T!'f-are alone within the realm Where lve begets its own. word a shy caress, A The story sweet is told: u:;i-pere- heaen, ' d, dainty my breast, My heart went up to Father, glad that He Had thought me worthy of ueh gin., to be. li-c- 'l n wa-1- r 'I i!t y tlie appetite (of a butterfly or a Japanese. i he wile, small,. e(uisitelv orace-lu- l. ou Ti " (lislfcs: ; cilrifiu Vc sat heroically made. iiptui vmr; heels, e thind)lc-fiksipping, out of tea cups that hevera L,rhlcn for which the Japanese have so defined a passion, and nibbling red and yellow sweets a rej)ast that inilht stay ... JJiiss, Hut jhey were tnine to give a mother's kiss. . ; - ddinty an' years came such 'sweet 1 - , ' " :..-- v 'uic.;.! ,n my arms didst lay;' -- vr:-:aou " ere- . v - thou - , a-So- pleas-use'i- ri -- , 