1 I 1- - ;3n. even ab upon .man s., ( pnpnr pd th. g of the people whom vye bore, .,,,,1 our toil, as mair mre b?c Ue eiiciureu m r i '! v ' 7i r cumcilc. v. uiuuMim years ago, nad one gone to ume great dame, questioning her why she did not go out or a,fighting, or t mer uie great nan to dispense justice and unfcV upon the making of laws, she would iave answered: "Am I a fool that you put to me such questions? Have I not a hundred maidens 10 keep at work at spinning-wheel- s and needles.'' With my own hands daily do I not dispense bread to over a Jiundred folk? In the great hall go and see the tapestries T-r- .. :.,..Ai r ui iiuicquciiuy joynu laDormg in our houses and kitchens, and. even standing be . hind Yflir rlmlrc u . mi, uu uii vui ""i3.iv-uuactually oi iood between our fem- Pce uic morsels mine lips. 1 he army of rosy milkmaids has passed away forever, .to give place to the and the "(largely) male and machinery manipulated butter pat. In every direction the ancient saw, that it Was exclusively the "womans' sphere, to prepare viands of her household, has become, in proportion as civilization has perfected itv" self, an antiquated lie. -.r wsn-tcip- , 1 , 11 May and after in Utah, in t:.-- y 1 - cream-separat- i er a Jong- journey - we arrived Salt Laker in October, just be- fore conference: .7 Soon after my second daughter was born my husband began to think of taking another wife. I believed in the principle of plural marriage and felt that it would not be right for me to oppose my husband's wish, as I knw- - he was. very kind to me, and I had faith that the principle had been revealed from on high. I asked myself the question, am I prepared to embrace that principle and shall 1 be able to lay aside many of my tender feelings and many of my faults. I felt th at without the help of some higher power I never could but I knew it would be wrong to oppose it, so I at last consented, and about August 12, 1849, my husband was married to l'amelia Blackburn." There was a great deaf to do but we got along very well in our home. At this time sickness 'broke out in the company and many died of cholera. My baby was taken seriously, sick but was held by the faith and administration of the Priesthood. Shortly after we arrived, in .the valley4 we moved to Centerville where we re-- . It is, possible that not one woman in ten thousand has grasped with scientific exactwitn my maidens have created bv the la itude, and still less could express with ver-b!).rs of years', and which we shall labor over sharpness,, the' great central conditions for twenty more, that my children's children which yet compel and animate her into acmay see recorded the' great deeds of their tion. forefathers. In my storeroom are there not If the parasite woman on her couch, halves and simples, that my own hands have loaded with the plaything and prepared for the. healing of my household amusement of man, be the permanent and and the sick in the country round ? Ill would final manifestation of female human life on it go indeed, if when the folk came home the globe,. then that couch, is also the deathtrom war and the chase of wild beasts, bed of human evolution. or wounded; they found all the worn eiitoik gone out e and mained untij-thand spring of and none mere to dresstheir wounds, or pre nly husband went ' to Kays ward, Davis their SKETCH P. or OF LINDSAY. meat, pare JULIA guide and rule the house County, where he took up some land : hold!" "and that summer raised a good crop (Continued from page 47.)' of wheat and other things for our .... The commandment to tb Our next thought was to prepare for. the sustenance. In the fall the scarlet fever is now not simply "Thou shalt broke out, my sistef-in-latook it and died bear," but winter, and at thesame mc find out be the surest way to make means to the fourth day after taking sick. Shortly rather, 'Thou shalt not bear in excess of would to rear and train satisfactorily;" go to the Valley. The family all felt united after her death my eldest daughter took the thy power and the woman Avho should today appear at in trying to get ready. My husband made fever and after, lingering four weeks and the door of a workhouse or the tribunal himself a wagon and they bought cattle and suffering untold agony she passed awray to "f the poor-laguardians followed by her did not know who did this but in the fall the spirit world. Three days after her death t r we moved to the mines and my baby who had been ill for sometime, twelve miants, demanding honorable sus- of forty-seve- n tenance for them and herself in return for on the fourth day of May. our first child, grew worse and died. This left me with but the labor she had undergone in producing a daughter, was born to us. The cold win one child. Every one was afraid to come them, would meet with but short shrift.. ter Was over and the men went to work" in near on account of the disease, and had it And the modern man ,who on his Wed- the mines. After a few Aveeks of hard labor not been for an emigrant lady who Was I should ha vchaditoJay ding day should be greeted with the ancient they struck a heavy vein of lead ore which camped close-byod-wisl vthat- bccomertherather proved-tg"ou"f"my own sweet children. Through this f twenty sons and twenty daughters, Vould pected to be able to start the following great sorrow it seemed that God sustained a spring for the Valley. The cattle and hay and helped me to bear it. regard it as a malediction rather-than- ' We had plenty of work, in those days blessing. It is certain that the time is now enough for their, winter's feed were purg will chased and hay stacked on the river bottoms, we were obliged to make our own dresses rapidly approaching when be regarded rather as a lofty privilege, perbutsome one went and set fire to it. We and in fact everything we needed. .Thus we missible only to those who have shown their did not know who did this but in "a few labored and raised our families together and taught our children, to love each other. power rightly to train and provide for their days a man came and wanted to buy the catoffspring, than, a labor which in itself, and tle. We did not sell them but bought corn As our families grew larger we "thought it under whatever conditions performed, is and more hay and fed them until the spring best for each family to have a home.- We We started on our journey had lived together fifteen years, ten years beneficial to society. of forty-eigh- t. of that time my husbands third wife lived to the Valleys of the Mountains all, the famOur spinning wheels are all broken ; in a ily going together We came as far as with us. We separated to our different homes with the best of feelings for each oththousand huge buildings steam-drive- n looms Iowa and after crossing the Des Moines rivguided (jy a few hundred thousand hands er we camped about two miles this side of er. About this time many of the Saints' were often Jhose of men), produce the clothings the river opposite the town "of Edeville. .called to settle Bear Lake, and as we had of half the world; and we dare no longer Here we were detained by sickness. One large families wre thought it best to go land so we de,ay, proudly, as of old, that we and we alone of our number, a sister of my husband, was where we could get more sick of a fever, but we were compelled to cided to go to Bear LaKe'. We passed clothe our peoples. Our hoes and our grindstones passed prepare for the winter. There was plenty of through many hardships and privations that from us long ago, when the plowman and work to be had and everything was cheap, a new country is heir to.Tn the fall of sixty-nin- e twelve of our family came down with the miller took our place, but for a time we so that we got along very well. In the we started again on typhoid fever. There were no doctors near kept fast possession of the kneading trough spring of forty-nin- e and the brewing yat. Today, steam often; our iourney and in' about four weeks we at that time so we had to do the best we Emeline Rich was very kind shapes our bread, and the loaves are set. arrived at Council Bluffs. On 'the ninth of could. Sister it September, 1849, our second daughter, was and did all in her power to help us, but two down, at our very door if may be by a we of our children, after great suffering, were motor; car! The history of our born. We stayed here until 1852, when household drinks, we know no longer ; we started for Utah. Our third daughter was taken by the hand of death. One being a March 5, lovely child, a son sixteen years of . age of merely see them set before us at our tables. born while at Council Bluffs on 1852: "We remained here until May, 1852, the second wife and the other a. son, aged and Day by day machine-prepare- d both died within t wen- viands take a larger and larg- - when we started for Utah. It was quite an ten years, of mine ; hours of, each other; For three er place in the dietary of rich and poor, till undertaking for me to begin such a journey and the 'working man's wife places before her with three small children, the baby only months our house was like a hospital how it household little that is of hef own prepara- - three months old. I felt very anxious to get for many weeks we did not Sometime previous to tion while among the wealthier classes, so back where the Saints were located so that I would be with us. and far has domestic change gone mat men are ' was quite willing to go. We started in this the Relief Socfety" was organized i al . gew-gaw'- S, w-ear- . fifty-thre- , .1 -- -- w w-h- , w m 1 mm - ' -o- -- he-mig- ht- " x- beveiy-rich:Wrth"-thiseie- child-bearin- - -- . ( . ; T man-.drive- factory- -produced .. . tv-fo- ur - - 