WOMAN'S EXPONENT, .61 THE , HQLLY AND EASTER LILIES ..mi 154 ar:- A. - ; in-.dfi- .l r Tul-Hd- ex-prc-i- heart. Evidently the author has made the greatest poetic effort of his life for the one wor .,01 in whose! companionship, lie must I E&W-ttr- J and i uisr.oi nymns second sudden chnnav at thought,, and. funeral of a little .child.. Third speaks of direct influence of the beautiful, and the passing, away of art and statuary, palaces, temples in all the magnificent cities of the world. The next part deals with the heathen gods and beliefs of the inhabitants of the ancient cities; most unique in its minutest details. The fifth, the passing away of all the faiths and philosophies, mentions Plato by name, also Buddha, and with solemnity and reverence speaks of Christ the man of Cod, and the final decision," an appeal, for true divjne love, sympathy and charity and tor that brotherhood which will unite the finite and infinite.. ""Grandly, and loftily the poet the and 'mercy that sings,pleadingfor justice shall yet encompass the world, referring to the Babe who, though in lowly guise He came, conquered death and rose try m the grave. in the most pathetic words the author ... gnes a description ot the haster lily, its purity and leauty,'and compares it with the Life of Christ, and finally expresses the hope that the teachings oP Christ will become the universal thought that will conquer all evil flooding the world with glory. The poem as a whole covers a period of a little over sixteen years until the last line of the last verse, and was written in the rapture of the supreme moments of sorrow, perhaps in a manner similar to the writing of "The Raven." How could one have the audacity to attempt a literary notice of such a poem But have before me the, latest book issued by Alfred Lambourne, '.author, poet and, The title of the book appears above is specially significant in its meaning of he subject matter of this artistic volume, kv.'itifully bound in superfine leather, prir.lcd.on a superior quality, of paper, everything pertaining to the book itself bespeaks fineness to a degree of excel-le- n o much so, that one hesitates to 'nihke a notice, lest it should not "be equal to tlic nature of the work, either in general (lU: appearance, or the merit of the contained. s therein extremely perfect in every line and so the design ot the setting, so extracxuiii-it- e ordinary is the work in its entirety that even the pen of a ready writer would scarcely be able to do justice to the matter; in fact we can only recall Edward V. of the past, as one who vcould have been equal to the elegant manner of of the delicately written sentences and the outward appearance.of this unique work of art and literary merit. P i book is the second edition of a memorial poem dedicated to the departed-wifof the author, Wilhelmina Marie; it is limited to one" hundred copies, not one of which will be .sold, as the writer has declared in his preface: "This book to be purchased neither with silver nor gold, nor precious stones, nor aught of that which perisheth, but to be given in her memory, 'with' nit money and without price, in the name of Love." As there will be no more copies printed, and being oqe of the favored one hundred, the writer feels it her duty to attempt tell ing something of the beauty and refinement of the symmetry and rhythm as well as the tenderness and withal the vivid power of the poem in its perfection. It is certainly helpful in one's excess of grief to be able to give expression to sorrow in lyrical lines!, that will benefit other human hearts who have not The gift of poesy, yet who feel as deeply and suffer as intensely, yet have not the language' to clothe such sentiments and thus relieve the inner impulses of the aching fibers of the r -- . of-Bethleh- g- ' on. 1 r . . t- ! one can refer to 'Tennyson's "In Aleni-oriam- " even though they are unlike, but we will say to the writer of this wonderful poem, men are most triumphant when most tested i and that shattered violins picked up in foreign lands, when mended and. in the hands of a skilful master, make sweeter music than ever before being brokenaml shattered ; and so the heart torn bysorrov and anguish may sing in more lofty and clearer notes and in even sweeter cadences,, than when young and brave and strong he was capable of undertaking. Alfred Lambourne's life is richer by jar for writing this book, and he could not have, written this wonderful poem, if he had not passed through the exquisite pain that Opens s the yof man's deepest emotions. The poem wiR live in the' years to come, and his name will be perpetuated long after he has passed to the home from which no traveler ever returns. flood-gate- 1 ,.ld- - tmie Incnds meet. in tins .happy... way, if only for a few moments and are benefited and really blessed in coining into "the same atmosphere, and partaking of. the cheer and influence one feels on such g.d It would be quiteinipossible to mention the many gatherings., of this kind that have been given during the pa-- t few months, and as ior public function-- , -- omc of them quite .ceremonial, we dare not attempt it. even the laiJy .papers do not gvt all. - Miietimev to the r grei i interested parties who are fond of that sort of notoriety Those who enter tain in their own 'homes usuallv are veiv unuiljing to appear in jnthlic print, but from. all .this, there are ncv.'jfsiinially "matters, that ore teels called w to speak of, and yet a certain delicacy of feeling that all one's, friends who entertain mut be written up if any are, makes us hesitate, and therefore the editor feels to apologi.r to one and. all ofy those who have extended to her and others, invitation' fo at ' u).')v very de- -' liphtful social affairs during the winter and would, if die had the time, and father necessary requisites, return in kind all the favors so generously given. of entertainments and social intercourse. de a-i- : 'r-v- : sea-syh- The Ctah Legislature adjourned, having transacted the business which was brought before them, and have certainly accomplished some very creditable work, and the women of the city who were persistent in having certain measures carried, although reluctant, perhaps, about appearing .before the augtjst Senators and Representatives, acquitted themselves nobly, maintaining the women dignity of equal suffrage as becoWs . ' voters. . . We are glad to be able to state to the r people of country that at last the has Legislature passed the Jaw making the the floral emblem of Ctah. Jt Sego Lily had 'been, so considered for a number of years, but has now been made legally so bv the 'Legislature in both the upper andlower our-fai- , house. - RELIEF SOCIETY ANNUAL DAY ABROAD. A pleasant social was given in the Wret- ham Road Assembly Rooms, TIandsworth. l.irmmgham. Saturday evening,- March- 11. PHI. under the auspices of the Birminr- have realized the fulness of the felicity ham branch. Two sketches were iriveu by which crowns the union of twrobeings,whose irtembcrs and friends, which, kept the la ore lives are so ,.4 audience in laughter for an hour, and' then perfectly and harmoniously there were character songs, solos and ar- blended, as to make home a paradise on earth. EDITORIAL COMMENTS. astic recitations, all of which made up a lo those who i comprehend the highest lelightful evening of harmless enjoyment. or tilt1 includin fori Aooarentlv the past winter, Mu :h credit is due those wdio planned and with u ': participated in the'plcasaht program." doubtless be considered a perfect month of March, has been more replete festivities of various, kinds than any preOn the 17th March. 191 L the sisters, gem in. literature. Certainly its literary exof the Relief Society, Northampton branch cellence cannot be questioned. ceding winter in Salt Lake. City. and amenities Th book Exchange of courtesies and (Birmingham conference"), held an intere opens with, the portrait healthful. and esting social in the hall, St. Michael's Road. departed wife Vimelrmna-Mane- , and the social cratherings are. helpful and A good program was rendered by the sisand bespeak the quality of hospitality verses express the agony and excessive and strengthen. ters, after vMiich the evening was devoted v "grief of the n husband with such cordiality, and promote unity ' the bonds of friendship, and the enjoyment to playing games depth- of sorrow at the parting as is difficult of the sentiments thus In commembratioii, of the anniversary of to portray, or. to give an idea of in delicate, of xsuch interchange fresh and green; tne the Ofganixation of'the Relief Society ; nwskpnpd as keens rnpatlietic language. most likely cessful rind social was held at Lach page opens with an art letter and affections thatNould otherwise 1 tTie 7th inst, u uder the Durham House, da ueautitul Moral design in the corner. Each be narrowed and selfish. art design marks, a decided Public functions are quite the custom ot auspices of the sisters of the Liverpool change of A good program .rendered, a thought. Three introductory verses adthe age, and are essential to a community,- branch. a" of which dialogue given ored to the 'departed "soul of his soul," but entertainments among friends, neigh- main feature : - - - -- - of-th- n, i : -- heart-brokfe- . well-attende- - d -- jv-a- " w-a- s s 