18 A TALK ON Ifajef rVad in 1 CHILDREN. Pioneer Stake Kclirt Society: t the rearing So mud) can be of children that one hardly knows where to begin. Kyery mother may have different ideas, different experiences as the result of dealing with childrn of varied famdispositions, for we will find in any chilily that there are rarely if ever two dren of. the same. temperamenttwo that can he governed alike. What will perwdl haps appeal to and govern one child have no effect upon another, while some children are of such a sensitive nature that the lcat word-o- f reproof will cause them to shrink as it were into them-lvcsaid-abou- . ThatliC hark N fitted- for the lurdi n trulv verified when mothers with a engreat deal of wisdom and patience. are abled to rightly and justly cope with all these conditions and to successfully understand their children. It is indeed sad A when children are misunderstood. voimg man said to me a short time ago that all his life he had been misunderstood. He told me of how especially as a child his ideas and motives were misconstrued, and he felt that if he had been more thoroughly understood his youthful davs would have bveh much happier I thought that it was indeed deplorable, for knew he had as good a mother as ever lived one who did everything a mother could do for a child, and T believe she caiHe nearer sympathizing and understanding him than any one else, yet she has often said that it had taken more tact and patience to raise this child than all the rest of her children together. When children .begin to form friendships with other boys and girls, when fhey are not content to remain at home forall their pleasure, it is then that the parents of these children should bestir themselves if never before, and try to make. their home life so pleasant, so agre- able. that, no outside influence can tear them awav. We should not. think more of our homes than our children; there should not be a corner too good for them. Ket them see the inside of your parlors occasionally, let them feci at liberty to invite their friends in. have, them spend the evening around your fireside and do not M outlive your youth that you can join in their games and lie. one with'them if the occasion presents itself. Most homes are ar. to prions.' There arc some homes 'Avhich upon entering, you can feel in.. the very atmosphere that there is no joking .permitted, no laughter allowed, and if a (bild makes the least move it is immediately told to hush up and keep quiet.- Children should.be allowed to play and dance to their hearts content, "for they will get rubs, enough, knocks enough and a great deal of the hard side of life later on, and parents should resolve to make their childhood days io happy an d j oyou s that when they get out and have to' meet' the cold world, combat with unpleasant conditions, they can look back upon their home as the one pleasant spot on earth, the sacred memory of Which has saved manv, a person from losing their When children are flowed to give vent to all that is joyous and happy in their natures, they will dee1op into happy and' useful men and is 1 fr - self-respe- ct. women instead of sad, suppressed,-"melancholcreatures.- A writer said, "Mirth is tiod's medicine," and we should all take of it in abundance. Play to a child is whatsun-hm- e is to a plant. You cannot give them too much sunshine, too much love. They thrive upon pleasure and the home is the place above all others where they should get plenty of it. Some one has said, "If you want to spoil your children, let them feel that all their pleasure and mirth must be left m the door on entering their home at night." And w hen our homes become regarded as a place simply- to eat, drink .and sleep, a work is started that cannot help but end unhappily;- Children should be taught to get leasure out of the common things of life, - ; ThK will often prevent the restless tenden-o'c- s we sometimes find in children to. believe thev would be happier somewhere else or under other conditions. Teach children to iaugh .it 'their misfortunes and to see the bright side of unpleasant things which we cannot always control. A great misfortune to befall a growing child is to have a mother who is always tormented with nervous fears and when a mother, continually gives way to thesefears whether minute or morbid, she will in time make the movements of her children one of fear ;:ud timidity. A mother who never makes ;t move or allows her children to move ithout conjuring up a myriad of posg sibilities embitters their life with a poison. Yet from our earliest existence we have to a' certain extent been under this ban of fear. A child is cautioned perhaps a thousand times a year to look out for this or that. It might get hurt, it might get run over, something terrible might happen to it if it does so an so, and it is a most cruel thing to impress on a child's mind this innate fear for it is like a letter cut upon a sapling it grows wider and deeper with age. Do not fail to teach a child fearlessness, for it is a cruel thing to see a child in constant terror of the dark or haunted with fear of the unknown. Children should not be frightened into obedience by being- told if thev don't go to sleep the boogie man will get them or a big bear will eat them up. It is to be wondered how much sleep a grown person would get in a position where this might be possible. Mothers waste a great deal of energy in worrying about their children. How many times in imagination have we seen our children fall out" of trees, off of sheds, have seen our hoys brought home drowned when thev have gone fishing or swimming, have in imagination seen all. kinds of horrible ' things befall each one of the family, and when none of these things really happen, what have we to. compensate for the hours of mental anguish and the subsequent lowering qf vitality and physical tone, for not one wrinkle in a thousand or one gray hair hi a million have been caused by actual ills and troubles. The things which make us grow old. which takes the light from the eye and the elasticity from the step are bridges we have never crossed, troubles which have never come. The trials and troubles which are actually ours to bear are with rare exception trifling in comparison with the things oyer which we worry but which never have happened and a mother assumes great responsibility when silly fear of injury she. forbids her children such physical slow-eatin- - with-som- e development as will promote courage, durance, self-relian- ce and self-contr- en- ol. Parents who are always' harping of their children, scolding and nagging at them will be sure to bring nit the worst that is in thejn. They can bring . out whatever quality they appeal to ,m.,l whatever thoughts radiate their own miiitk If children do not confide in their motln r. not always the chilnren's fault, for there are some mothers who are so crusted, so unapproachable that tficir children really dare not open up their hearts to them. Parents and children sfiould live in such confidence, that when the children begin to the stories told them of the stork visit to. their homes occasionally that m tltrr can then take their children, and in a simple, delicate and truthful manner explain some of these things which are beginning to trouble their little minds, for .if a mother neglects these things the children will get their information elsewhere, perhaps from an older playmate and in this manner quite often get these ideas so misconstrued that it has a demoralizing effect in their young minds. Parents should use their best judgment in the punishment of their children. I believe there have been as many children spoiled from an over dose of the rod as from the sparing of the rod, for the fear of punishment has caused many a child to add deceit and falsehood to whatever else thev may have done and some time the children are severely whipped not so much for the offense committed as a means for angry parents giving vent to their feelings. I have heard young mothers express themselves as dreading to see their children start to school ; they felt as though their children would be growing away from them, they wondered how they would be able to get along. We cannot keep our children "tied to our apron strings" we cannot go with them everywhere they go, watch every word they utter or every act they do. We have simply got to trust them, for sooner or later they will have to meet the world-- will have to stand upon their own feet, be able to choose between right and wrong, and the sooner this is accomplished the sooner your child will be able to take his place in line in this great battle of life. We are living in such a busy, world that I am sorry to say many little children would have very little attention paid to their moral training if it were not for the. teaching received in all Church organizations. Some mothers seem to feel they have done their duty by their children in seeing that they are properly clothed and fed. We should try to live near to our children,, have, heart to heart talks with them on evenings when their play and work is over, try to get them round us, find out if we can what they have been doing-durin- g the day who they have been playing with and what their play has been, and in this manner we can get into their confidence and things may come up whereby we can impress upon them a lasting lesson in kindness, honesty, truthfulness, etc. Orison Swett Harden, in one of his w rintings, said "The best .legacy a man can leave his family is the memory ofa clean; record Tmd a life well spent When I read this it reminded me. of what my father; used to say. It was that while he live4'he would gladly spend what he could accumulate for the raising and advancement of it is out-gro- w :hil-dre- n his-ifami- l 