5 KXrUNEN WOMAN ... " - r77 Ballot in the hands of the Women of tfah should International Suffrage Alliance vcul - 2 2 3 Assembly 't' News .. . .V. . 1.1. t? r. Tfi r.iizaDein i.ucs 3 : u 6 - t Sketch , . Dinah Stoddard Wrigley . fUila J. Smith 6. Notes "ii Xurse. Class Sketch of the Life and Labors of Mary J.' R. West .'.V. . . . ........... . 6 . ' Stake Household Hints Relief Society Reports Snow Hake ' .A. W. C. Liberty, Jordan. Because . . . Lx. Woman's Journal Fx. Torgrcssive Catholics Women Lawyers and, News Editorial: The Fortieth Volume The Ways They. Are Many The Fulfillment of Prophecy : Editorial Notes 7 7 7 7 8 8 8 Notes In Memoriam 4 "and Wide 4 5 5 5 . . THE PIONEERS. ever work more glorious, More uplifting in its theme. Than to honor parents mem'ries Those who've passed down life's sad stream? Was there Pioneers made glorious history, Paved the way for fruits and flowers, We now share this bounteous harvest, Debts of gratitude are ours. How we love ANCE. 1 Stake .Secretary Day at Butte, Montana ,' a Power to- - better the Home, the State and the Nation. No INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE ALLI- CONTENTS. ru... be SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY, 1911 Vol. 40. Oneida Annual 1. At a public meeting in the Royal Opera, Tuesday night, June 13, 1911, the speakers 8of Finland, Germany, Sweden, Great Britain, Hungary and the United States followed one another it was wonderful. Noth-- . ing'like it has ever been, heard before. Miss Furnhjiuni was first, and spoke- with digDr. Augpurg nity, vigor and authority. typically German with a rich hutnaiiitr. and ideal fervor mingling with" it a kind of folklore humor. Selma Lagerlof spoke o feelingly that the Swedish women and then the men began to weep, it was very affecting. Mrs. inow-de- n was at her best in tlii meeting, she spoke with great magnetic power,' she is very 'incisive, and launches her words at her audi- ' At the International Suffrage Alliance held recently in Stockholm, twenty-si- x countries were represented by delegations, two of.these countries being admitted to the ; Alliance during the Congre-ss' Stockholm is one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and is said to be a combination of Edinburgh and Venice transfigured by the national genius of Sweden. , Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt a woman and abroad as one of known here the very best women speakers, presided at this great Congress of the women of the . . world. 1 ' The elaborate decorations in the national colors, blue and yellow were very effective, and when worn by pretty giris, who were audipages going continually through the ence with notes, etc., were like moving pictures in the scene of color. The first striking feature was. the presentation of the gavel of the convention. ent Washby the newly enfranchised state of Richington and presented by Miss Janet ards of Washington. I). C. in a very telling the heavy sixteen. Mrs. Catt, however, used luncheon in gavel given her at the farewell New York by the Woman Suffrage Party, ior really this large Congress of women from all nationalities needed much. use of order the chairman's gavel to keep them-iOne of the most dramatic moments of . ence. Mis$ Rosika Schuimmer of Hungary is dark, fine and electric and is a sort of Miss Shaw was last on the program and 'received an ovation at the close. Mrs. Catt dismissed the meeting in a most inimitable, graceful style, and said that of all the speakers at the Congress there was but oiieAhat made her need her handkerchief, adShat was Miss Tomova of Bohemia ; she said but the intense feelit was ing in a human voice, and the splendor of what she expressed like unto music that was pan-tomini- st. riot-wha- t indescribably affecting. The most enlivening feature of the meeting was the announcement by Colonel Mansfield of Holland that the suggestion of the Ttttefnat tonal PresidenUl n the diffcint Men's Leagues might put in International banner and flag by Anna time by forming a Men's League in President of the Stockholm W. S. A.; good suffra-mt- f Sweden had been carried into effect and the banner was the gift of a pioneer that furthermore an International Men's Rve Froken Latten Van Kramer of and gold, League had also been formed consisting banner itself was superb, white America. England. Germany, Hungary, students and planted on the stage by three Shouts of "Bravo" colors over Sweden and Holland. . national i the an- in white, wearing tms and greeted applause and prolonged choir rose, woman's their shoulders ; the the Alfren s nouncement, and it was some time before banner sang the behind standing business could be resumed. song. suffrage of setting of dress necessarily comes in-matter beThe music dramatic The audience rose as the when women assemble from many countries, of the different nabanners the and gan, was no exception. It is this and Congress where they lowered tions were raised and stated ''the Swedish were most imposing in the round gallery. hung of anybody- in the Congress." "Not pre-- ., garments Catt, Mrs. herself, The President itself surpasses Stockholm in the fashParis the platsents a striking appearance upon ionable appearance of its women." av ith saluted was entrance her form, and timid looking little dame from East- "One ihe and the first day in a bar- waving flags and ringing applause, erh appeared Europe repeateduntil. refused to be seated and em skirt, showing green l1ce stockings of the, perspec- The length white slippers. the mid Mrs. Catt throughout her ofCongress tive was greater than the delegates apthe in relieving and thereafter, "she wore "penitenproved, the sitotion. of strain ' the of black." and tial shapeless .jiptailor-mad- e Catt makes a most magnificent sujts. English women wore business-lik- e suits. wore The South Africans halted between home or Australians The review an PrSdent "4s something of epic a New office. -- The Hungarians wore what suf- for movement 'ed-gownnroress of the York woman described as white, The French women wore black and rich in were the Russians. Germans astel all except Mis Schermacher;, who Dr. Auespurg wore a .o;cf nathe mc?t placid trimmed with fringe. plum colored satin, .; beyon(1 (!etures. The eneci to a0. i. cinvi could recon- strength of her the hobble skirts as faras they vincing eloquence. n to hear their stories, "Tho"nfT46ld'Vithmbiti"ft"g"'pairrr: .Yet their lives were truly woven "Joys and sorrows" their refrain. : Kle-ma- First a light thread then a darker, In life's cloth of black and gold, Woven here with plainest marker, Grey hair, deep lines plainly told. ' . Lovely face, its sweetness showing, Care and hardship could rfot blight That sweet spirit always knowing, and Truth were there in sight. . God : . . . Ossiari-Nilsson- 's When the way seemed dark and dreary, Trembling under loads they bore, When, their hearts grew faint and weary, Still was faith and hope in store. - the tears were ready To descend like copious rain, Yet the cry "Be brave be steady!" Turned, their gloom to mild disdain. Many times ; . their journey ended, This they had reached, "Here we stay "the cry thus blended With their prayers their God besecched. Thus, at length, great-Valle- . That a place of peace. and safety, Might! be granted them at last;, Where the Lord could aid them greatly, Efforts ! Their greatsuch reward the victor's crown! self-deni- al Stepping Stones to great renown. Thu?, we prosper, through .their efforts, And ourxhildren sharerlike wise, : Loyal, active, great in" 'comforts, . Laud their mem'ries to the skies! Sacred strains" that dwell within, Honor father, honor mother, l Pioneer heroes all akin. V. Clayton McCune, , - : . Kffi s. rS'rcrand - - : ,r ..v-- Sing their praises, do hot smother, , em-Se- nt W They endured all kinds of trial, . . Ss Their religion to make fast. t mTheority - . 