v i' Woman's Exponent EMMELINE D. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terras: one copy' one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, eitra fdr postage one year, 25, cts. Advertising rates: Each kquare, ten lines of space one time f'2.50; per month, $3.00 A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office rooras28 and 2'J, 2nd floor BUhop's Building, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunda,. . Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, uon-pari- Salt Lake City, Utah. um Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City. Ltah second flats matter. Salt Lake City, Utah August, 1911 ACTIVE SERVICE. This term, active service., is not so common as work, and perhaps means quite as much, if not more, both terms are used hut the world needs practical not in word, but in deed. The old saying, Satan finds mischief for idle hands, 'is as true today as it ever was. and really one who looks around nowadays, sees many idle hands, and inactivity that produces stagnation. The complaint ''out of work, no employment" is heard on every hand, and yet there is always something to Ik? done and people can find work, if willing to submit to conditions,. or to make exertions in the right direction. However, no one can settle this question for the world at large, but every individual who perseveres can. find some sort of work, that is better than idleness. The cause undoubtedly of so" much sin and crime in the present day is because people are not willing the work that is not agreeable, and yet any work is helpful and will keep one in better condition physically than idleness and inactivity, which is more or less deteriorating. Life, ha manv 'phases and the world is full of opportunities, and the idea that there is not work to be done is self-helpfulne- to-do preposterous. ' t, , Women as well as men seeiii to have an idea that a certain kind of work is beneath them, whereas all work of whatever kind well done is better than idleness. Certainly one must put thought into the work however simple the task. Do the work well no matter how commonplace the position ; make it as genuinely important as possible, ajn the early days in New England when labor was considered honorable, building stone walls around the farm was quite the fashion; and gentlemen (so accounted) were proud of the walls built with their own hands, when every stone put into' the wall, and there 'were acres and acres of these walls, was taken from the ground with their own hands; on purpose to clear the ground so that vegetables, etc.. could grow as well as to protect one's own land, but the stories we could tell of these primitive doings would fill pages of history ; but today a stone wall left standing is a historic feature in the scenery to be admired. In the early days in the valley here in Utah, there were some stone walls", and peo-pi- e, who were anxious to denounce Brigharn Young and his ideas 0f what was expedient in those times, had "a great deal to saV about ' "... " ft the high stone walls, that were built round where the 'blame lies, "but in many like is .be to other the people. in some of the homes and gardens city The children must be kept in school year workoLSalt Lake, but it gave men some to do. to pay for food for themselves, and after year When needed at home, L :Ulse fann ... ies and it is. tar better and makes one other families, keep their children aw iv at school or in colleges, and the home is negmore independent to work for one's provisions or. supplies than to have it given in lected because the mother cannot carrv the whole burden. , Disaster often follows and charity. It is, all right to disperse charity to the sick and those unable to work, but the home is involved or the rent is ovr-du- e not to men and women, who can work for and so the home is broken up, the pnrents and family life titterlv detheir living. Saints have always been stroyed. The latter-da- y The home is the center of all that makes taught that idleness, was sin ; the Bible teaches it, and it is through active work that for the betterment of communities and the primitive ideas of home life prosperity comes, and also happiness. "There countries , is no excellence without labor" is true today in Utah when the people settled in this that each family have a small piece and always will be. There seems to be a spirit of unrest abroad of land on wdiich to, build a home, and have in the world, that is against work of any a garden and orchard, if ever so small, was sort, and it will bring distress and misery ideal. Naturally as the city grew there were unless checked in some positive way that changes made, but .we can still find some of will compel the idler to work. Activity in these very same places, that have not been the strict sense of the word means temporal sold, and the descendants Of the original owners in possession. Naturally after three' salvation. Among many of the young people of to- score years and more, many wonderful changes, in places and circumstances must day, there is a desire to do as little as poshave taken place, and progress must make sible of any sort of work, and to have everything made easy for them ; and this erro- new methods "and new paths and open up neous idea is leading manv Into temptation avenues for improvement along many lines, that will eventually end in destruction of yet one can still persist, in some of the soul and body. The very thought is hororiginal ways of living; that were vastly rifying: what can be done, to resist the better for life and health, and soundness growth of this unrest, this tendency to idle- of mind, and strength of body, and activity of brain than the practices and methods of ness that is sweeping over the land. the present time. Some people assert that it is only the igTo be sure one is out of poise of the times norant classes that are shirking the duties and responsibilities of life;" but this is not if you preach economy or industry the cry correct, it is prevalent among those wdio is "we must have a good time" and that to have ha i good advantages; if girls who the majority of people nowadays means goare out of employment want positions they ing hither and thither, late hours, all sorts are very much in the habit of asking if they of pleasures, (that end in pain) and no maThe can use the piano, and have you such and tter where the money comes from such conveniences, everv - sort of new inprospect is , appalling. To one whose mind ventions and appliances' to make the work is in tune with higher things, it is verv deeasv. instead of having an actual desire to pressing, and what can be done to arrest this terrible unrest? do the work of the household. The best remedy lies in active service of Boys all want to be clerks and lawyers shelter and doctors and so on, and who is to till the some kind, keep the girls within the as much soil, intelligently,' and when is the grain and of the home; and the boys too teach them that nobility of work, the vegetables and the fruits to come from that all service is helpful in life, if done with when agriculture, is looked upon as an oca true purpose, and done well, and that obecupation unfit for our young men of the dience to parents,. and to proper authority is present age. not humiliating, but on the contrary tend to Practical work, active service will be the order in home life as well as- i" preserve of salvation our voung people, and temporal and keeps soone may say too the spiritual salvation as neighborhoods, communities, the ciety and the world in harmonv with Well, if it can only be fostered and encourconditions that prevail as instituted by thl aged and insisted upon. too. much exciteCreator of all things, and apparent everyment lowers the tone of human life. where throughout the' universe, above' and The inordinate passion for finery in dress below. and in the home is a depraved ta$te. Simplicity in all the details of living is what "Yet scattered here and there, we some beheld, will bring about a material ' change that Who can discern the tinsel from the gold.' would he helpful in every aspect, and there would be less sickness and ill health and would most assuredly promote the prolong EDITORIAL NOTE. ation of human life, wdiich is proper and j cat - - - - over-worke- d, new-land- ! . (lcsiraDie. The tendency of the age is in direct apr position to that Which is pure and' virtuous and upright. .People feel they must have extravagances, beyond their means, must go into debt, must mortgage their homes; and enter into all sorts of schemes, and policies and run risks of all kinds, to keep up appearances, instead of living within the limit of what they' can honestly earn and. pay for. One has no right perhaps to say, The officers and members of the General Board of Relief Society have been kept unusually busy,rthis summer, Most of ther sisters have spent a large, part of the attending stake conference. At the present time nearly all the stakes of Zion have been visited, the few that have not held their conferences are principally those nearby, that can easily .be reached by train, and therefore be held later in the year. The sisters are certainly to be congratu- r furn-me- 1 