. ii'C. 7 "A of MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES. I the hi resuuelv situated on either bank Seine; their national colors living from many, points ; , the. little steam (tugs, tnat carried us from so "many points to it, the revolving side' walks, never seen before, carrying passengers, without' ever stopping, to all points of the grounds, and the illuminations- on the river, which made it look like a scene in Wonderland all were" enchanting, This, too, was the land of enthralling! Xapoleon and Josephine. .Reminders of them are everywhere. Napoleon crowning . What a refreshing- Conference that was The words of commendation and encourI agement from Predenb Matte- I). Lyman and Henry 'YV. Naisbett brought joy ami ! - . - comfort to our hearts. A yellow fog enveloped London, and it hung in clouds overhead, in the Clerkenwell Hall, where the Conference, wa? held. Some of the missionaries lost their hearings,- - n" from, the 'busses, as the fog rolled sideup in .high hanks over the streets and walks. The second day.it cleared up, then one could scarcely Land or walk ; in fact tlic slimy deposit the fog we slid along This upsafe condition left behind. until a heavy rain washed the treets and sidewalks clean. It was a time of '"rejoicing to meet our friends and fellow laborers from all over the Conference, and learn how they were all. getting along, and how the work of the the 'sweet Lord was prospering. voice of the Spirit poured out in Priesthood meeting, ma'de the four or five hours so spent speed swiftly away. After the Conference closed, the new headquarters, (7 "Farleigh Road, was dedicated ; the prayer was offered by President In our own home at last, in a Naisbett. most desirable quarter of (he city, sand a place where even the (Juecn could be properly .welcomed Was it not glorious? I was. transferred front Watford to Stratford", only a three, half penny ride from the Conference-house, and ji veil a companion, beside my little daughter May, which pleased me very much. After a couple of days spent in sight-seeinwe went to our field of labor. The great Imposition of 1900 was on in Paris, and the missionaries who wished it were granted a couple of weeks' absence to attend it. A party was to form in London with whom we were to go, so we awaited notice to join them. We crossed the Publish channel in the night, (and such a lot of sick people!) Landing' at Dieppe we took train for Paris, reaching there about 9 a. m. We went directly to "a house in the Latin Ouarter, which was The by. some of our friends. large rooms contained two or three beds, but they were single, with down beds and I low pillows. It was such a nice place 1 rested in that bed! The first nice one I had slept in for months. Although the beds w ere so nice we could not stay in them long, for we must be on the go early and late. There was the city and. surroundings" to sec, ' beside the Exposition, where we planned to go several days. The thought of that good bed Was often with me during those days, how I wished I could take it with me oyer to London, Jo r the English beds are proverbially hard, with heavy blankets, instead of down: quilts. Besides we found no fleas there which Qtuck closer to us dis-mounti- prc-vaile- ng d. -- T-ho- ! g, rec-ommend- ed ! so much than a brother in England,-addinof discomfort to our already uninviting-lot- . "See Paris and die" it has been said, but'we say, "Sec Paris and live to tell of its beauty and splendor."' World Expositions may cotne and go, but none will ever be like the one at' Paris. Gorgeous, chaste, wonderful, exquisite, such an one, as only the French people ' know how to bring together, for beauty of effect. We have seen Expositions both before and since then, but none are like unto it.' The. grand buildings of the nation pic- g ' - . 'X . riiCtliSug as weak as though I had been in a personal While encounter. still th re, the "minister opened the door he ha:; banged shut, whether to let out the offensive yQT;. mo.n odor or to get fresh air after the battle I did not know. BinMhis I did' know Lucifer was a dread personality, and I feared his great power. What a he would be how he would chain his se. !..-jvt- rvants! At another house, that same afternoon another minister took the tract fniu..mv hand, then seeing . "Mormon" np..m it'; slammed, the (loor, saying, "Go Imnie.aiui take care of your wives!" Opening" the door slightly, he looked at me and discovered I was a woman. Another minister I met at hi gjte; he was just going in with a tin pail of milk in his hand. "Will you accept of a gospel tract to read?" and presented one to him. "Mormon?" he asked. .Being angered in the affirmative, he said, "Have you left one of those in my house?" "No." "Well, I will not let you leave one there. I forbid vou !" "Will you take the responsibility?" I asked. "Yes." "Then remember," L said, "that I have brought the gospel 'tidings to you and Tours, and you have forbidden me to leave the message at your home. Do vou take this resjxmsibility upon von "Yes." "Well, I must be content, as vou are the master of vour own family and home, and have taken upon yourself the 'responsibility of rejecting it. - Josephinea bewitching, immense. painting in the Louvre, brought the; story vividly to mind. To it we returned, time and again. ( )n the steps of the throne, Josephine kneels, while Xapoleon places the crown upon her head. The power that gives can take away. He bestowed the crown upon her; afterwards he snatched it awav from her throbbing brow, heeding not her supplicant form, or trembling hands. The world calmly looked on while that tragedy was enacted, thinking the end justiout-stretche- d, But did it? "My Josephine, my Josephine !" is softly sung by river and breeze; the very ground speaks her name le died alone on St. I lelena at every step. then, not to be feared any longer, the French people brought back his dust, to tomb. Put he sleep beneath a world-fame- d is imprisoned still, while Josephine sleeps beneath tree and flower, in God's glad sunshine, where- the birds sing her name and the night winds sigh above her. Is it any wonder, that after visiting Versailles. Xotre Dame, 'Napoleon's Tomb, the Arch of Triumph, the Madelaine, beside the other glories of Paris, that as we saw the river illumination for the last time, and surveyed the scene from the top of a 'bus; we exclaimed, 'The only city we ever left witl,i fied thejneans. I ; -- Lydia I). Alio. (To be Continued.) NOTES AND NEWS. such feelings of regret." After this delightful change. Miss Farns- - worth and myself "devoted ourselves. early and late, to our labors in Stratford The branch numbered about seventy saints, the largest I had labored in: After tracting hours (when there were no meetings to attend) we visited every one of the saints, as soon as might be, in order to become personally acquainted with them all. In Watford I had come in contact with three ministers, one of whom, on looking at the tract I presented, and seeing "Mormon" on it, indulged, in a triade about our faith and people, that amounted to an onslaught. "You know the. doctrines you are spreading are true, do you?" he asked. "I do." And you have come across the Water to expound them here to us?" "Yes!" "Then if you know They are true, . stay quietly: in 'your own house and be satisfied." 1 assured him that when one was convinced of the truth he should warn his neighbor; that was why I was there. Ashe quoted passages from the Bible he walked up and down his hall, rolling the poor little tract into a ball, sometimes striking it within the palms of his hands. lie asked my name, where I lived when at home, and many other things, at the end of each' answer striking the inoffensive tract,; and looking defiantly at me. I did not have much opportunity to talk, but when The interview ended, and I was outside the gate, J stood still, resting against it for: some moments, to gather strength to proceed ; then realized that I had had. an encounter With Lucifer (for he had talked to me through this man). i now naci a clear understanding of what Mrs. Rheta Childe Dorr . - 'The writes--: solution of our divorce problem lies in securing a better relation between men and women in every department of life.. It is an anomaly in this republic that there should be any distinction on account of sex. It is absurd that women should receive lower wages than men for equal work performed or equal service given. It is unfair to deny women their share in public housekeeping. It is unjust to tax them and at the same time refuse them citizenship. American women are as well educated, as intelligent, as morale as conscientious, and, within their opportunities, as efficient as American men. Once this is fully recognized ; once the last vestige of sex prejudice and sex contempt vanishes from custom and from the statute books ;" once the same standard of morals is recognized in society as it is in law; once it is made at least as easy for women as for men to earn an honorable living; once marriage on absolutely equal terms is made possible-r- no moral or physical advantage on the side of the husband, no parasitism allowed on the part of the w ife then it will be - perfectly safe to attach a divorce coupon to exery marriage s certificate, with permission for both to tear it off at will." par-tic- v- - I . - ' - - ., ' Juarez, Mexico, claims to be the only city in the world in which the direction and control of parks have been turned over completely to women, a board of eight women, managers having exclusive control of them"' -- the-cit- 