I' -- 4v; -- r THE BUSINESS OF HOME MAKING! Init notwithstanding the fact that thev were 'larmers the homes were lmjt d(Kc mgcther and ton. The following interesting paper on tl.c l.ove iMjtct was read before a recent, meeting of ptr chs, .nvtructors i the Sunday School ,', ,n in n- mere are orikani MjLrL'cstions that- ni.1V Ik- !..,.!,, ...1 t i: "i .... .i,Tiu. u.Mi. mere is so much, of interest in juper in.li we are ideaec to publish it as f since-al- l drainage would be from the house and not towards- it. The houe should be When t)c imniit,T;i-linwisely, ;,' built as high and as far.above the ground as reasv.l. the counsel w.,s m latter om and the features of the site and the means of the m.,re h,,nes. uhat.nV at f,r.t the builder will allow, especially the land a city i,r a iVu short """hug is iikdined to be years bemarshy and damp', as is the came the building (1f a state. In'order to case in a large part of this stake, and a- -ii tho.e sent farther awav malaria and kindred diseases to which such take J' up land and build h..mr. 'members lands arc subject. Hie subject as given in the Juvenile In- "f-jgeneral authorities were called to It seems to me very hard to tell in the Herein localities to instruct the '.'ictor for discussion m the Parents class and Parents' class people to nuke them better satisfied in just how to build a Jionie. 'Miiniiii'v MMiiiin f ri its n wide and building . l" v1 ( )ne might have in mind a home that would ;u ueiu. treating as it purposes to do away i mm the center stake of i,n. Thus, cost three or four thousand dollars or 'more, men who had acquired tine ill tin- selecting ot a buildin sites and the building s pt. with hardwood floors, plate-glas- s windows, ;ddi;ig of tlu homo, the exterior'; uid in- - had located their families j some degree of dressers and sideboards, lookcaes built in In mIw.JL arrangements, the decorating, the conn.rrt. "pulle d im .takes" the walls to save space, and few if anV of us in authoritv. and nisiung. tlie' surrouni hiio-- tin. ,..ti,,... .... ence t the word nf be able to follow any such plans. I believe .i fences, and even the sunshine and the moved into ..ther part.. AlnvM all the thoroughly in every one striving to own a d;ade. It would certainly have leen wiser 4 members of the uiionim of the Tu.-lv,u home, and iu that home to put his best called to d... this, instance.- hVanklin I). my opinion had the stake supervisors selected an architect, or at any rate a man. to kicnanls. who ov,ned thie property inst thought for points of convenience and com--tor- t and happiness for himself and family ; south of Second South on this sjihject today to the. Temple present for that home with all his best enwieic uie iooiy iock and other tine to care company: at least some one who could give -business property now stands, was called to deavor; to have it clean and wholesome d practical suggestions, rather than one and neat; and il iu our discussions in the Weber (do., where, he wii had lived in many homes hut had in tlulargely yet Parents' class u can throw out suggestions .the pleasure in anticipation of building u nil linf a nfOgden and neighln tring to help each other build letter. purer, safer towns. Lreuzo Snow built and owned the I,i!e: for the only houses have built 'arc commodious and more beautiful homes, let iKdo it. and once handsome home afterair castles which, like the morning-g- l ry. wards occupied by Hiram II. (daw sou on The ideal home to me. as fade in the glare and heat of the sun. said in the bird Last and South Temple streets, and beginning of this article, depends on the The subject is "I 1 and the w as called to build up Po Klder count v. not on the architecture. However, ihiie is "House-making:- " between which, Kzra T. I'.enson built the large, statelv home an ideal house is a verv different thing, and :!igh I don't wish to be critical, there is on the corner of Main and South Temple, in this matter tastes differ so widely that it a vast difference.. The former, though of afterwards known as the "Wells-Mansion- , would be difficult to describe one. Some di.- humblest architecture, may be a heavenand now the site of the Tcmplcton and other general principle-- , however, might be carly place, while the latter, though a palace. business blocks; he went to build uj 'Cache ried out iu the building of any home: first, Miay hold not one of the attributes of home; liarles Dickens aptly portrays the home county. Charles C. Rich, a large property to have the house and all surroundings as owner in the northwest part of town sanitary as possible for the sake of the health di ught when he says: "The man of high in the building of Hear of one's family; plenty of light and sunshine decent may love the halls and lands of his founded and led Lake county. ( )r-lvde went to Sanpete, in the rooms help in this matter; simplicity :;:iuritance as a part of himself, as trophies Idrastus Snow to St. ( ieorge and Arizona.. in the wood work -- if hardwood is too exins birth and power. I he poor man s atAmasa Lyman to Millard county, and pensive, the natural soft wood stained is tachment to the tenement he holds, which much easier to keep clean than painted, as (ieorge A. Smith to Iron county, all showstrangers have held before and may tomoring that the. acquiring of land and building are also plain mouldings instead of ornarow occupy again, has a worthier root homes has ever been considered an esmental casings and skirtings; pantries are truck deep iivto a purer soil. His housc.--d of sential part of the religion of the Latter- - not anv longer considered a necessity, and M gods are of flesh and blood; he has no the housewife finds the kitchen sideboard oav saints. r .perty but in the affections of his own architect would perhaps much more handy and labor saving; she "Vn uprto-dat- e heart, and when they, endear bare floors and think some of the homes' of early davs. also prefers that the sink be not too far away walls, despite of toil and scanty meals, that verv from the stove, and the small kitchen-iin position to build large those erected by his and God . '11 i .11 from has home his of love t iran houses, perfect monstrosities on account of "inch more popular, .iosi women win iei. rude hut becomes a solemn place." fh tlnVL-nes- s nt thp vi ;u that if thev could onlv nave three rooms, fter all. whether the house we occupy the denth of the window seats, the thev would want one of them to be a bath- humble or magnificent, built of wood or hronrl honms studding nnd luVh ceil- - room ; and indeed this is a necessary luxury. is home the or our own rented, spirit ino-s- - still there is an air of stability and The sleeping porch is also verv popular even "tie. inhabitants. its on of the conduct depends on the smallest houses. Tt is believed to be Mi,oi,t fhPs, oLl liomps nrf ,o If every builder of a home puts into it the the meahs of curing some diseases and pre which the modern home does not possess best of himself, cheerfulness, contentment it is economy ; in that respect However, it is a fact that from many points venting others a:id love he has builded better than he what of economy, both in means and labor, these to build one. for health is wealth, and a fad has become old colonial houses are relegated largely to. was once held to be onlv to the mod- The Latter-da- y Saints are home-makethe past, and the modern home, with small now a most "desirable accessory as. a:;d The business of home- - compartments.. low ceilings, tew n any ern home. The furnishings of home, are a matter, of tate and knowledge making is a part of their religion, and orstairs, and conveniences of steam, water or altogether ganization. When as a weary, footsore band air heat; hot and cold water with bath and of one's means. Good books, pretty piclike accessories are inexpensive pilgrims thev entered these vallevs, one toilet and oftentimes laundry, all under one tures and the beanty and pleasure the first steps taken was the apportion roof arc much easier on the lio.ise wife and; ami aM h&ci? o if not so of a home, and" it is very easy to. contrive ment of lands to the heads of families for reallv more cosv and home-liknrettv dressing tables and other furnishings homes.' As perhaps you all are aware, each pretentious and imposing out of rude material if one possesses a little city block contained ten acres and an acre The choosing of the site for the house de ingenuity and good, taste. Where the Tarn- and a quarter was allotted each family. It pends altogether on the piece of property ilv means allow, of course the furnishings was always the in the Church of the policy to own, or is able to purchase. can be as tVfwliiior of cities to build rather close for one happens elegant 'as'bne chooses. However. live all the on we cannot certain; One thing to find how inde- Are you not surprised the sake of ' ' nor on the if . . but protection against the wild anilands; , high "cast side, j pcncnt of money peace of conscience is and mals and savages, and also for social and f fl ns most. fn hut nnrl rivf U.rm,how much happiness can be condensed in danthe now and ; purposes though, do on the "west side." and near of gers of the desert are lessened, it is still is well to choose the high- - the humblest home? A cottage will not it low lands, tlie ( h u rch advice to tlie people when settling est of oiir land on which to build our hold the bulky furniture and sumptuous ac- -. d part hl lv parts to make the homes close and go homes; tlnil giving a pleasant grade for the comnjiodations of a mansion ; but if Go(bbe tack and forth to the farms. yard from the door to the street; besides there a cottage will hold as much happiness .';.d-- i', A;,W.-,C- . The, people were necessarily agriculturists sanitary standpoint ".s might stock a palace; beingbetter from - - v - 1 - ! uu-nurag- w-hc- rc .to-avoi- e l - 1 1 . i - ...-.in thc s . . l - Ir-ure- 1 1 I ts, oc-cunan- Ionic-making."- i ( m 1 i -- -- ; s I u-nll- 1 .. s ' rs - home-builder- I ) e, , I re-hgio- us - I T-- us-her- e -- 