(.'.'Mm.." i .v . - v. . ' afp tmf nir alike: but should treat all right and not say anything bad, about, any one, even if we, don't like them; Said we should accept the gospel and live it. Brother Joseph Reece said much depended on the mothers in Israel, most good lxys and girls have good mothers. There is no greater work being done in the Church than Is be ing done by the Relief Society, asked the blessi ngs of the Lord on the sisters, Brother August Swensen said he had enjoyed the remarks that had been made also spoke on voting on the liquor question at our coming election, June 27. Sfstcr Dixon made closing remarks, and thanked the good sisters of Spanish Fork for their hospitality. Conference adjourned for three months, after singing "Doxology" and benediction by sister Elsie Kerr. Eliza A. Hawkins, Cor. Sec. 'much pleased witii' the excellent work the Meters were doin. Conference adjourned for three months after sijiin, "Come,. Let I ivw ..Our. foiirney Pursue." JJV Siter MckVH. Sister Dixon thanked j( tlrtitiTN Tor their hospitality. K. A. Hawkins Cor. Sec. , , - -- Conference of the' Relief Society of Nelxj Stake, held uue 23, 1911, at Spanish Fork Second Ward meeting house. President Kliza . Dixon presiding After the usual exercises Sister Tompson sHke a few words reni welcome. Sister Dixon made opening sismarks ua pleased to ha ve our visiting ters .of the General Board with us. was thankful for the difTerent organizations and we have of improving the I he oiinortunitv talents ( i d has given us. Gave a report of XelK. Stake Relief Society." Clarissa S. U'illiams, first counselor to President K. J. Wells in the General Relief Society, spoke for some time, said what is a trial to one is not a trial to others. Advised Relief Society teachers to visit every family that lives in the ward whether they, helong to our' Church or not, and testify to them of the truthfulness of the gospel ; it is our duty as members of our Church. President K. B. Wells sends her love; and blessing to" the sisters of the Nebo Stake. Sister Kmily S. Richards of the General Board talked for some time, was grateful for the organiza-- . tion of the Relief Society. "We should he careful what we say of others, for one word spoken is hard to recall localise :it soon spreads."' Recitation, Sister Maggie Ludlow, entitled "The Organ Builder." Sister Money said she. had belonged .to the Church. over sixty years, accepted the gospel in Scotland, had seen the power of God made manifest many times, told of crossing the plains and how she.Jiad been blessed. Conference adjourned until 1 :30 o'clock" p. m"Ti f rcr""si ngingr u For-t- he Strength of the Hills we Bless Thee," and benediction by Sister Evans. . NOTES AND NEWS. In Brussels and Russia retreats in the nature of maternity hospitals are provided at public expense, to which any expectant mother mav repair to be cared for until she is physically- able to resume her work. No charge is made, and the right to take advantage of the opportunity afforded belongs to her in virtue of her motherhood alone. - WOMEN IN THE CHURCHES. Editor Woman's Journal: In your paper of Aug. 19 I find a short notice of the admission of fifteen women to- the Wesleyan Methodist Conference at Cardiff, Wales. This is no doubt the first time they have been admitted to the Methodist Conference, lint in the Welsh Church of centuries ago women had the' same rights that men had. At the age of twenty, both men and - x -- ther 'rhnrchescongrega-tiona- l government. At this time all officers but the King were elected by the people, men and women voting at the age of twenty. To say Welshman meant Welshwoman as well; no difference; and this continued for wtmicn . otcd-irr' centuries, until the English denied them their rights. . , EXTRACTS. Baroness Aletta Korf, an American girl and a Bryn Mawr graduate, who is the . wife of an ofBcial.in Emland, is reported as saying that "one of the first things the women of Norway did with their ballots was to get the Government, to start schools of domestic training for girls. The Premier of New South Wales, when in New York a few days ago, "declared that equal suffrage in his State has operated most satisfactorily during the ten years it A higher morality 'has has been effective. resulted," he said, "and the home life, on which any nation depends, has been strengthened. More women votex than do men, and, contrary to much argument, the franchise does not unsex them. It makes our women more womanly, and the result has been that there is a great decline in the infraction although the population has wonderfully increased." of-laws- , ODDS AND ENDS. Bertis and Alice were sitting alone together in the moonlight, uttering tender nonsense. "And," said the girl,, bravely, "if poverty comes, we will face it together." "Ah, dearest," he replied, "the mere sight of your face would scare the wolf away!" And ever since he has been wondering why she returned his ring. Adam sat down. "I am the greatest id to himself, "the man in the world," wisest sage, the biggest financier and captain of industry; I hold all the records for d dash to the Marathon; my the woman in the wife is the man. world; I am. the I am too good to be true; I will e.at of the fruit of the tree of evil." Life? he-sa- 100-yar- best-dress- ed best-dress- Gad-zook- ed s, SCHOOL OF NURSING DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP'S and SCHOOL of NURSING and .OBSTETRICS . OBSTETRICS. - . -v- Dr. Margaret The session of 1911-1- 2 will begin on Monday, October 9, 1911, with improved facilities, and a wide range of opportnities for gaining a thorough knowledge of this the most important branch, of a ivoman's education., The full course of study, together with many practical advantages, will be given for S50.00. - t - - "" "- - Books from $8.00 to $10.00, according to grade and binding. For full particulars call, phone, or write to Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, 713 Second Ave, Salt Lake City.. 'Phone, 25323. , ! came from the Welsh people.- - Mary II. ' AVinchell Barker, Detroit, Mich. V -- At 1 :30 o'clock conference reconvened, president Eliza J. Dixon presiding. Singing, "Come, Come, Ye Saints.", Prayer, Brother Gardener. Singing, "High on the Mountain" Top." Sister Emily S. Richards said we should take our children into our confidence and make them our companions, should talk to them on the sacredness of motherhood and fatherhood, ..should extend our hand to the fallen and those that make mistakes. Song by Sister Edna Holt, entitled "Some .Other Day." Counselor Clarissa . Williams thought our children should be married in the temple for "time and eternity, and asked "parents to encourage their young people to go to the . temple andwith their own temple clothes. Advised the, Relief Society to keep temple clothes- - to; rent, teachfyour daughters the sacredness of the temple clothes. It is our duty to do all we can to make ourselves worthy of our "children, and.oiir children worthy of us. Said we put too much trust in the family doctor and not enough in our Heavenly Father We should sustain those that? are. called to preside over us." ' Song by Sister Davis. Brother Lemon spoke for some time. on the work of the Relief Society,. should teach . the sisters how to train their children; ve have to learn here a little and there, a little ; Our American, ideas "about muepenuWce G Roberts Dr. Margaret C. Roberts will commence-he- x school in nursing, Monday, September 25, continues eight' months. Class in Obstetrics will start October 9, 1911. (Those 19H-Cours- e who study Obstetrics are required to attend the Nurse Class. No extra charge.) Though every young . woman may not wish to be a nurse,- - yet to know, herself is an important matter to every woman. v- . Terms for Nursing, Terms for Obstetrics . . . . .'. .$25.01) 50.00 , Approximate cost of text books from to $3.00. $5.00 ' . - PLEASE GIVE AS WIDE CIRCULATION AS POSSIBLE FOR THESE OPPORTUNI- TIES FOR WOMEN. Write to Dr. M. formation. Phone 2002. " ' C. . Roberta for further in- 79 C. St., Salt Lake'City.-Bel- l - , tr " , 