22' ' - $ 'EXPONENT.- V;--- : . - V "to aii;cv:y-visit oi me sisters "ri"v which instruction and advice the also ' dated, they pave. Attendance was very good. v-i- Makcakkt ' y V. Manning. ' HAN NOCK STAKE. Secretary. . Minutes of Bannock Stake Relief Society. Conference, August 17, 1911. Morning session. President Julia Pond . presiding. After the usual opening exer-cises, President Julia A. Pond said she was pleased to meet those present, and she gave a report of the Relief Society work in the stake. Rejorts of the various wards were given by Rhoda Davis, Rachel Thatcher, Sisters Eliason, Hogan, and Hanson and -- the president of "Lurid. Sier"ToIman of Chesterfield reported the Chesterfield So' c1tio-cnf- pecially in regard to looking Kacl said, es after-ou- r chil- ' dren. Sister McGelicn - had - enjoyed the conference. Thought if we could only .put into practice what we had heard, "we would be better off. D. I. Liu enjoyed meeting with the sisters, felt the sisters were doing one of the best works in our community. Ihe sisters arc the ones we turn to when we have sickness or sorrow. The brethren should turn out and help the sisters at this conference. Spoke of the good instructions that have been given to us, they were given under the Spirit of God, His heart went out to the young mothers who are doing their duty so nobly. We should appreciate the instructions of the visiting sisters. . Bishop-Thatche- spoke to the sisters. President Julia Pond felt very thankful ciety. for the good spirit that had been present and Lake of Salt McCune Sister Elizabeth felt sure all of us would go home being betwork had the she then spoke, saying enjoyed ter men and women. She thanked the vislahor" called to of the Mutual, but now being iting sisters for their good instructions. wished to put all her in the Relief Society Sister McCune then gave a recitation. the misOur Relief into Society. energy Benediction was pronounced by President sionaries should 1)0 posted- upon Relief SoL. S. Pond. . - ciety work so they can be more useful. Spoke at some length upon Temple work and of the wantlarge attendance there of ing to be married. She advised the young girls to make a nice Temple suit, a pretty simple dress, and have their, dwn suits to wear. She said the Relief Society sisters should have a few Temple suits to rent, and should see that everything is nice and clean. Sister Farnsworth of Salt Lake said she was pleased to he with the sisters of the stake. She said that President Emmeline B. Wells sent her regards to all of the sisters. Had teen a worker in the Relief Society e years and was glad to be counted worthy to work in this Society. Had visited thirteen stakes this year, and had enjoyed her work. She said that we should be united in our homes; children should respect their parents. She spoke of the advantages the young people have in schools, and of the nice looking school buildings they young-peopl- forty-thre- . had seen on the way. She was pleased to know vc were saving up grain. President L. S. Pond felt quite familiar with the Relief Society sisters. The sisters are indeed blessed to have such a talented president as Sister Wt$s. Hoped the sisters were here with pencil and paper to take down the notes that will le such a benefit to us in the future. Advised the sisters who were expecting to build' a granary to buy a portable steel granary. She spoke to the teachers about their visits. Benediction by Bishop T. H. Horsly. N Afternoon session After the opening exercises Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth of Salt Lake said she was pleased with the reports of the Societies. Shespoke of the ten cent fund used for maintaining our headquarters, traveling expenses and (or various other uses. She spoke at some length on prohibition. It is- the duty of the Relief to" work for prohibition, and urged the sisters to use their franchise, and use it to the ennobling Of mankind. Sister McCune ;spoke of the glory and honor in having a large family ; knew the prayers of a father and jhother in behalf of their children will be heard, even if they are wayward none of them will be lost. SistejCorbett was pleased to be with us, - y-workers Societ- vi .iiuyiivn uwii lilt ili'jJJ The most important thilYgis thegospel. The saving of souls is the mot imjKmant. Spoke of Temple ypfk and thigathering of genealogies. NrHKmn endorsed V, jPreshlent-- Cl thing that had been spoken. Bishop Bradly was thankful for this riv- ilege of receiving such good instruction-.Closing remarks by President Erick-cn- . Spirit of the conference enjoyed by all. Song by Clara Larsen, of Moroni. Benediction by Jos. Jolly. . and Bishop F. Hr Horsly r liiv. uwrw 1V.UU ' - y -- i . -- Mrs. Franxes E. Christknskn, Stake Secretary. EMERY STAKE. ot Kent tboacty" Con terence of Emery Stake, held at Ferron Relief Society Hall, August 6, 1911. President Louisi M mutes -- Oveson, presiding. Of the General Relief Society Board there were present, Edna May Davis and Susa Y. Gates.' Conference l)ega u with the usual exercises. President Louisa Oveson welcomed the visiting sisters, and was glad to see so many present. Gave a brief report of the stake showing it to be in good condition. NORTH SANPETE STAKE. A recitation was given by Mary A. Davis, . of Clawson. Relief Society Conference of the North Edna May Davis, of the General Board, Sanpete Stake held in Moroni, July 9, 1911. said she was pleased to hear that the sisters President Williamina Ericksen, presiding. ivere obeying the instructions of Brigham. Meeting opened at 10 a. m. with the as to the storing of grain. She adusual exercises. President Hardy of the Young, vised the building of concrete granaries, and Moroni Relief Society welcomed the sisters said if each Society was not aj)le to build to Moroni. Felt they had a good band of one for themselves, several couhTunite and sisters and great interest was manifested. build one sufficiently large so that each shareRecitation by Ella Baker, of Fairview. also Sister Susa Y. Gates said that this was the holder could have a separate bin. She lime first time that she had spoken in her new recommended the mixing of slacked weevil. mission. Spoke of the joy of companionship with wheat as a preventative against Said that girls, should be taught to. hold with sister Richards, her traveling companthe ion. The mission of motherhood is one of themselves above reproach and to avoid the most important. Encourage girls in society of young men who are not of the this respect. Spoke of the Exponent and highest moral character; also that young Temasked the support of the paper. Duties of people should be taught to'marry in the mothers in the home to instruct the children ple, that girls should not pay too much attention to dressand when going to the Temple, to reverence father and all the Church authorities. Said the library movement .was should wear plain white clothes, and after having been through the Temple should now to be started in Relief Society. Adwear the garment properly, neither cut low vised all to get the Church works first. Selfishness is one of the faults we should try in neck or turned back in neck or sleeves. She also stated that Sister Emmeline B. to overcome. Wells, General Relief Society President, deActs of the Apostles, by CarrieL. Ericksired that each Society provide endowment sen. clothing, and keep on hand to rent, to those Closing remarks by President Ericksen. wishing to hire clothing for going to the , Singing, and prayer by Olive Acord. Temple, but it would be far better for each Conference reconvened at 2 p. m.,' Presione. to have their own Temple clothes. dent Ericksen presiding. Sister Susa Y. Gates conveyed to the sisAddress by President Ericksen, who read ters the love of President Emmeline J3. a letter from Sister Leoletta Christensen, Wells,-shspoke on Prohibition and Word who is sick in California. A AtAeoA nf 7Jcr1rm n'eforc - tMr and Recitation by Sister Lund of Fountain onquer their own weaknesses and secretly Green, "No Room for the Boys." them out between themselves and their, Sister Emily Richards of the General right : God. Board spoke of felearly experience After closing exercises, meeting ad in storing grain. Joseph Smith turned until two o'clock. the key for the .emancipation of wm-e- journed The afternoon session was held in the when he organized the Relief Society. Ferron meeting house, Bishop Newel K. She spoke of the f alb of so many girls be- - Beal taking, charge. After the opening exer.cause; of ignorance. We should keep the cises the time was given to the sisters to confidence of our children. She wished bur proceed with their conference. young people could hear the beautiful things Mary A. Sorenson thought said to guides, who escort tourists in Salt there were three Very expedient things to be Lake City. Girls should have training, for observed by Latter-da- y Saints, they were ' - . motherhood. obedience, prater and tithing ; she also read Quartette hv Aft P1Mc a letter from Ann? Maria- AIIp nmv ahserit ! , Sister Susy. Y. Gates asked how many had from home, working in the mission field. e t-- f- i I - , . n, , : Ex-Preside- nt - - i 