V.- A CHALLENGE. hvmir in 'a hired can't stav the year out. 1 think I could do little services were lovingly given formerly this work in connection with my school. Worry, let us walk abroad today ; mother nnv an exact payment was reby take a little ran along the way: "Why. so you caiiT ( Jive your name and adfor quired everything, and soon tlu i nr dress to the clerk and in the next nn'un 1 v a sunny path that leads from Fear saw her meager avm; hi2 as tlk'V .Madam Moore will give you instruction as I r j the lovely fields of Wholesome Cheer. girl looked at nomc would not be sufficient to. to yt ur work.",, Worry, come along! carry her through the first years" work in Hester afterwards learned that this was a department of the school she was atstrange city, a carted on our way, 1 and my Care. Hester determined, therefore, to seek nn-- . tending, and she was able to refnain in the pace on through the springtime air. 1 ployment, believing she would be able Chicago four years and take a degree in the eie we'd gone a mile poor Worry stopped, and still have some hours in school to his a df design and art. tJi rough having sea hard to catch give breath, and then he home or an. office if only ome such position cured. this position. When slu- left her home pprd, might be found. Seeking employment in a there were many friends who regretted her ,i hilst 1 went on strange city is very "different to seeking it at leaving them, none more , than her as;.v winner of that Marathon. home, and not having any references she sociates in the costume department. When Hester relers to this experience it is with since that day zchen vexed by any fear, found homes closed to her, and her first attempt in answering an advertisement for greatest reverence, for she knows th:n ur a Worry's come again with zisage drear, challenged him to join me in that race, girls led her into a trap from which she' Heavenly father guided and guarded her the heart of rf f und each time he could not stand the escaped almost miraculously. I'elieving that. through those four years-i'her guardian angel hail helped her this time. wicked city, and kept her pure in heart and Kcndrick Bangs in September Ainslec's. she made an earnest prayer to be led by the soul. "Faith lights us tliruish the dark, to l.Vm"' Spirit of the Lord, and to have discretion "' where to go. . AN !! W. C No. er HESTER GOLDING'S TESTIMONY. The morning-afther unfortunate encounter she reaf in the "Times'" an ad. lor a '; ter Golding was a Mormon girl, horn young woman to care lor costumes and and raised in Salt Lake City. When she connected with an art school, and School had from the she decided to make one more attempt. graduated High n NOTES AND NEWS. r i a wry a This morning she had no trepidation, no strong nesire ior college education At a special meeting, held April 3; the :". :vr father's family wa lame and his in- tear, she had prayed earnestly and placed c Corporation of the City of London passed mall, so she had to curb her educa her trust in God. and she went out armed resolution: "We hereby petiV";:;1 ambitions and face the reality which with perfect faith. When she reached the m '"any bovs and uirls have to meet, of building she was ushered info a waiting tition Parliament to pass at the present, sesir viding for herself and assisting with the room, where twenty women had preceded sion the women's suffrage bill now before expenses. A god girl and well her. applying for the position. She took a it: that the Lord Mavor. together with the other civic officers, go to present the petitrained, was Hester Got ding, and she easily seat near the door of an inner office and tion to the bar of the House of Commons, :: friends among, her associates. She nevushwatched while several applicants-werand that the reasonable expenses of the er, however, relied wholly on her own ered in. and then passed out again evidently trength or resources, but through her She observed Lord Mayor and the civic officials be denot giving satisfaction. from the borough fund." training she had learned to have while sitting there the different types and frayed explicit faith in something bevond this life, wondered what particular question would and her tnist in her Heavenly Father was be asked and what different peculiarities Governor ShafrotJh is vaifl to favor the m sincere and unfailing that to Him'she would be noted by ihequwtioiier. She felt choice of a Colorado woman for Congress a.scril ese success she ever had in li fe. herself something different alfaud li a fourth Congressional district is d calls made this felt the it she seem upin that Notwithstanding State. "We are bound to get might many egotistic though on r and the low wages paid her for serthe fourth Congressman," the Governor is difference, though undefinable, was' somevice in the art in the Denver Lxpress. department of the big store thing better. To her. surprise she was called reported she- never before many who had been there when she where she found employment, "I'nlcss. there is .xm4it4UimiaL-cca'd to feel that she might yet acquire arrived, and something whispered. Give a and know of none, there are women in further knowledge and opportunities if she this State who could adequately fill the poto every question. She had extrie1 She saved something every week pected to do this, but had thought the ques- sition." Mrs.- Katharine Williamson. Mrs. tions would reier to her ability, and work, denying herself of course all the extravMary C. C. I'radford, and Mrs, Sarah Piatt Decker "are all .'spoken of for the place. agances and many of the necessaries that whereas the 'great question was, Where are f other girls enjoy so. At the end of two vou from.--' Mie nugnt nave evaded tne Colorado w omen will have to be reckyear 'she set out for Chicago to study art straight answer and given the name and in the oned with by the two old political parties in street of her Chicago apartment, but rememuniversity of that city.. the next campaign. They have started a 'When Hester left the loved family and bering the silent whisper, she promptly her home Sajt Iike City. The typewriter in movement that has. for its purpose the or city, where almost every face she met was familiar and every building and the room ceased work, the bookkeeper ganization of a party to force turning in the street was home, and where stopped his pen, there was not a sound heard tjie recognition of their political rights ; al all nature seemed to be a part of her self, for fully two seconds; then the questioner so to force the two old parties to nominate 'for in the evenings she would linger on her asked, Are you a Mormon t Aes sir, good men and more women to public office, ,, ,1 .1TT"..1. as w ell as to bring about a more liberal diswas tne quiCK repiy.. .aiki riesier am way home from' work to watch the beautify colors of the setting sun thrown on the then thought, Well, I guess that ends my. tribution of patronage. peah of the purple hills to the east, and the interview-- , and her face, which at first she ucces that . It is but a poor standard of Sreat red and golden clouds floating above felt had reddened by the consciousness of hvr "md build wonderful air castles of her the steady gaze upon her, she knew had is measured by gold, and silver; a noble bear- -. future work, she little dreamed of the turned pale, for her heart began to ache mg, a lottv brow; a kindly smile, a selt con- that would possess "fcer when in that with a fear of disappointment. Imt when j'jrol, clear eye, bespeaks a success that is again "spoked she knew he more real. The only victory worth making .yat busv city. She walked along the nar-ro- the" questioner felt kindly, for- he immediately said, 1 have is the victory over one's self; the only real streets walled in with towering business blocks like dark canyons, (not been ii your city you call Zion, and I never success lies in the development of character great bro .id city: as among and insight; the only thing worth seeking thoroughfares, ) with the hurrying Was treated so good in alj my life,consider it is the Soul : the only thing worth possessing don't and bustling, and whirling of' a, throng of you Mormons. Why theyfellow all around, is the Truth ; the only thing worth living for strange figures, riot one familiar face, not any work at all to show a ot' kind greeting. No desert could seem let him hear the most beautiful music on ia Love. And this'is the greatest success4 to have more lonely, and the poor-girsoon found your wonderful "organ; explain all about to have ennobled your environment, be must fifFrtc mnefpr all hpr ;trPT1P'th and your big buildings and refuse to accept a done good; to liave .given happiness, to 01 her faith to PunMo 'Vm-llP cent for anything. What are you doing here happy .for Virtue alone wears a serene ir cfonrl it a)Vsoon discovered that living athpme in Chicago, little girl Studying art in the smileVand Wisdom onlyA .is truly happy., Miihr mother was a very different" thing to university, and I need more means or I Stanton Kir khamD avis . ' L , -- . , ! 4 - his-place- i to-wor- n . j ! ! , ' ap-parr- 'i I -- el. " , .the-followin- -- re-ligC- g -us ' - all-th- -t- o-them -- tMalt-lishe- 'as-saying- x 1 true-answe- t 1 lit 1 , ' . - an--swer- ed, non-partisa- -- n 1 -- 1 - : : - lone-linr- - w, - . -- ; . l j , 