34 - Mot of us have kiunvn her ' The Star. "bo, noble woman long ciate workers iii the Temple. Some of His remember her even as a girl, when site Vis' simtd.v Lizzie ( gden. And such a warm- hearted, trusting, livable girl as she was, is alway. I. I A r'in a'f- my-tic- afar aar - a! not likely ever h be forgotten. Lights my house, StriT. tny 'As the "conf-fl Laid k'ii't " Have I seen Ami my k'it't Aivl li", luar mother, her triteness and fidelity never was, never could be surAs a passed by any woman ii mortality Saint, consistent, conscientious iJitler-Uain anv position which fell to her lot', (and she tilled a number, In Relief Society. Sun-daSchool and other Church works) Aunt Lizzie's example, loth in word and action, stands seo uid to none. Iirief reference may here be appmpriate-lv'mal- e to a testimony borne by her in one if the fat meetings which he so tntTch and Jowl. The subject of tithe . ' star-r.iili'i- wio nu Later, as n t'u- manner a Mar. - would bestow. a wife, and y the choir That saiiLT to the ShejihenU In a r k I'.ethleluni. Siiiuin", "(ilory to (1m1 And Peace to; e men I a? a true., and before' we became asso- - am with' v"U I v . ! II. ' "f.o. tile crucified Chri-t- . ('niiified not in ai:i. '1 he Redeemer, the Sa ior e me-ahath -- limnier'd, Who-- c '!:o-- c radiance hath himmer'il Adown the !nq: chain ) time. T!tM ye hear in the cared And in the church china. eace to ye men. Mrinyin receive Him ye attain." -- jiaving was f)eiug -- liscus-e- ap-prtciat- by the d ed vohin-tar- v speakers in the meeting, when Aunt Lizzie arose and told a pathetic little story of how she once proved the lord's promises in that regard to be true and worthy to be trusted. The story amounted to this;- Toward the close of the year.. Jie had money on hand, saved up for- her year's tithing. hit a strong temptation came to her not to pav it into the Lord's house then, but to use it for much needed clothing, food and fuel for the comfort of her dear children. For some days vbe weighed the matter carefully, turning it over and over in her mind, when a new and unexpected hardship fell upon her. intended, it seemed, to make her yield, if possible, to the tempter's persuasions not to do her duty by paying her honest tithing. The parties of whom she was renting the home she occupied came, and told her she would have to move out. as the place was to be sold. That appeared to cap the climax! To hunt new quarters and move at that inclement scaon of the year, besides the inconvenience and wsitive -- distress- it must occasion her and her children, meant loss of time, days in which she could not be earnexpenses ing anything, and unlooked-fo- r which she would have to meet. How could she pay the little money she had for tithing now? Once more the subject was being revolved in her mind, she examined it critically from all points, and fortunately her final gaze rested upon the right side. She settled the matter by asking and answering these questions within herself: Who had provided for her and her chilWho had dren during the past year? opened up her way and brought her opportunities by which she had earned the money she had received, a tenth only of which she had reserved to be given as an acknowledg-men- t ot what had been granted to. her ? Who, as an indulgent and loving Parent, would be grieved if she, as a favored daughter, manifested a lack of faith and trust in Him' by selfishly withholding the little He required her to return to Him, simply as. a bond of union, mutual interests and between them ?: The 'one answer to these. questions, loomed up bright in Aunt Lizzie's mind. She knew now where to look, whom to trust, what to ' 'do. Rejoicing with gratitude that no greater calamity had been permitted to fall upon Her notwithstanding her tardiness in yieldobedience law a to the of hasshe ing Lord, tened to the proper place and paid lier tith-in- g with a prayer in her heart' that her Father would .accept it, and forgive her - The Promise. - I. I of anijcN And far fer the ch"ru Mv Savior I hear: 'I.o!.on the wiiii love 'healing brini To thi-eI'e thou made whole. Thy soul I known to me; Thy desires, ( i I . I understand. Thou art no Iranyer. -- My yoMner brother, Crdl thou my name, And T shall answer. Tl'.i key trive to thee To be thine f 1 A borr tT'iv r ermore. - r: Greater than then doth bear; Yea, through Death's portal Father sent me, To xirnnv lent inc. My That thou Immortal." mihtt die to live Then, this glad Christmas time, f.o! I open my soul To enshrine The DIVIXF.!!! -- Alice Merrill Home. WE ALL LOVED HER. Dear Aunt Jim:-Tisketch was lost for about three years, and has just come to light again. It is' offered to the Exponent. now witJi the thought- that many readers will appreciate the beautiful life lessons "given in its portrayal of a fine and noble character. It was written for and read at the funeral of Sister Elizabeth O. Decker, which was held in Salt Lake Citv, Dec. 13, her death having occurred Dec. 8, 1908. Salt Lake City, Dec. 9, 1911. LL. G. R.J ns ' good-fellowsh- . A TRIBUTE. ,4 r ' . - - Thejdster workers of the Salt Lake 4 Tem- ple highly sestecnr the privilege of contributing, a few minor jewels and modest blossoms to the beautiful garland being 'formed of thought-gem- s and flowers of affection as a parting tribute to the memory of "Aunt Lizzie Decker.'' " . -- By this name she has been familiarly called of late years by her near friends. ' . . slorhfiilness,' HVben she returned home rater settling her titfiing, her children told Ikt their father's brotiier-m-laUncle i t Littll", had sent word that he wanted to see her. She answered at once the request 'of her friend and brother, I'Vranv nz and' went to see him. - A friend and brother indeed he proved to her at that time. ne that she knew the Lord raised up to help her. "Uncle Fera" had heard of the sale to bc made of the property she occupied, and he offered to advance the money for its purchase as a loan, for her and her children, allow ing them the privilege of paying. him for it w hen and .s they 'might be able and desirous of doing. The purchase was made, and the blessings following it enabled Aunt Lizzie and her children to pay Uncle era every dollar of his money, and a jun interest on it, before the time spoken of in h r agreement had expired. A short time after Aunt Lizzie bore this testimony in fast meeting, i'resrTdent' (J;rge; O. Cannon, who heard it, referred to it in a council of some of the brethren, a nne.of the most interesting and convincing testimonies in favor of tithe paying that he ever heard given either by man or woman. One of the brethren who was present when this statement was made by President Cannon, feeling it to be something his wife would appreciate, told it to her. The wife in turn, by way of encouragement and helpfulness, repeated it to Aunt Lizzie "Oh. I am so thankful to heaMhat!" was Aunt Lizzie's humble and grateful response. "I have been so worried alout that talk, for fear I made it too. lengthy." It .was at another of those dearly cherished meetings, only last Sabbath, that we, her sister workers. in the Temple, last saw and conversed with her; as, in her daughter's arms, she passed suddenly and peacefully to her last; long sleep on Tuoday-morninBut we all have pjeasant memories of kind and gentle words which die spoke to us last Sunday. "How nice your lKit looks, you always Wear becoming things!'' she said to one. To another, "Yur hair is so beautiful, and you've dohe.it so prettily!" These and kindred expressions were her sweetly cherished, last goodbyes to us. though we knew it not. When one gave her a tender little embrace and said fervently, "iiless you, Aunt Lizzie!" from her ready, responsive heart came the appreciative reply, "Oh! do you feel that me." way toward me? Do you really love I am so glad! I would rather have love from my friends than anything else they could give me." Dear Aunt Lizzie! She held rightful pos-' session of what she most prized. We all loved her ! L Lula Greene KiciiAfvi's. . I v, ra-mo- . I rz ! t i g. of-u- -- NOTES AND NEWS. . ip All the .New Jersey suffrage organizations will unite to. open permanent in Newark. They will use for this the money cleared by Mrs. Pankhtirst's lecture, about $700. licau-quarte- rs The Prime Minister of Austria has assured a deputation rof Women- from Bohemia and Southern Austria that he thoroughly .believesr in the principle of woman suffrage, and will use his influence in its - behalf." ; . ' . 