... i there were many faithful work? rs, anxious the coming forth of the gospel in these days, the Relief Society was organized,' giving to make their work a success: of Orangeville. President Rebecca Rawlins, represented women n oartin the work of tuiliftinir hu ter Huli.a iway. iaivis ijkc uii ueuig Renson Stake. She stated that ,pvat inter.ibolieiit to parents and on being humble manity. The age means anything and even thing 'that women may make of iU; est was being manifested in the"v&rk. Mem:in,i not letting pride enter our hearts. Gates spoke on obedi-i- n bers arev being' appointed with the special with' faith in themselves, in their brothers, Susa Young jter the home and . .Priesthood. the Lord, all inhrist, in the prophetsbe of duty of vising the aged and the sick, takattained. ' c of young girls not wishing to go to ing comfort, go6(l jgheciu4'hlessiiig w ith things dreamed of way them. Mrs. Alice Merrill Home spoke upon. tlu Temple on account of being prevented Mrs. Mary BlsworflC President of the "What the Age Means to lTs." in place of who was deRelief Society of the Northwestern Mission Counselor Clarissa lo:i"t fill illustrations of the blessings reported the condition of the work in Chi- tained at home on account of illness. Mrs. Temple work. Spoke of, the of putting down whiskey and other cago. She told of the success of the lady Home stated that what most impressed the missionaries in preaching the gospel. Their world is truth ; truth the base upon which like vils. said to begin in the home and not in the home. Said humility and efforts make them worthy to we stand, truth as revealed by the prophets,tii allow cards or whiskey truth which manifests itself through rehgsanction evil in any one, but be kind te nuniDereu among .ion s cnoicesi to ion. pentrv, music; and "art. The present ter$.Mrs. Ellsworth, spoke-of- - her- - visit the n the erring and make home sweet and unfold-menhas opened advantages of self' the places of interest connected with age ;ica7iTiFlpossIlileT A steed the sisters to and women arc more widely awake early history of the Church, and the knowlM!.t:iin the Exponent, as it was the organ all edge of the truth of the gospel she obtained to their possibilities, and impress upon ,,f the Relief Society. from it. this lesson of self development. Women Siake President Lois Peter Oveson imPresident E. B. Wells -- poke of the should oppose sloth fulness, backbiting, parents to watch over their young peointro-- i and turn to in the right direction. purity, hvpocrisv. foolishness, changes in the General Hoard and ple tint they le led duced the new members: Mrs. Olive D. those ready to help, the inspired, the poef,-th- e lXr.'unoed the practice of young folks go-ithe industrious, and they thoughtful, Christensen, General Secretary. Mrs. Emma on excursions to the mountains with-'.,t At1 .a to Mrs. Amy would be able trie wuuu Jiltvt.. General Treasurer, A. some older impress or Empev, persons their parents, B. Lvman. Assistant Secretary, Mrs. Susa more than they do today. with. them. V. Gates, Miss Edna May Davis, Miss solo, "Fear not Ye O Israel." soprano president Louisa Oveson hoped the Sarah E. McLelland, and Mrs, Elizabeth was given bv Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward. would take the spirit of the conference acThanked the people of Caine Crismon, all of whom expressed their Miss Alice Louise Reynolds gave an deii.ou- with them. desire count of her studies and travels abroad, appreciation of their call and their iYrrn for their kindness and Reof the in festive garb, work :d Gates for the good to be of assistance in the scribing Stratford on Avon rmd Sixers Davis lief Society. the decorations, flowers, the open air perinstructions they had given. Lizzie Mrs. ladies' trio was given by of Shakespeare's plays, and the formance by Stake Counselor A. E. Thomas Edward, Mrs. Agnes Olsen Thorndemonstrations in honor of the great poet. Wall. sufbenediction which and Mrs. Bird, after a Miss Reynolds also told of the great was pronounced by Bishop ueorge Denbun. frage procession in Ijondon and the big read extracts meeting in Albert Hall; and ANNUAL RELIEF SOCIETY session, 2 p. m. Congregation from Mrs. Pankhurst's speech at this time. Ifternoon ! v Mnnnt.nins Hitrh !" Prayer President Emmeline R. Wells, in summarSowatered bv- Mrs. Sarah J. Cannon. Prof.Hrt izing noke of the hardships endured to and The Conference'of the General Relief spcmMv Hall. Salt the building of the temples, on tv was held in the Hugh Dougall sang a baritone ww, the redemption PreL:,ke fitv. I'tah. October 4. 1911. urged the doing of work for of PtMrs President nnie Wells Cannon, of the dead, and also in establishing truth, side Emmeline B. Wells presided. an delivered fter singing Pioneer Stake Relief Society, and purity in place of the evils integrity, Vormn? session, 10 a. mMeans This they can do, for worn-e- n on "What the Present Age praver opening address today. vc Samt:" come existing me (.. thus have from four imSing-in- now have the ballot here and to Women." dealing with it wn- - offered bv Elder William Burton. the eduvtn for true, clean, and con- j "Gu?r1c Us. O Thourcat Tehovah. portant standpoints, the. economic, ... nc' Inrnl officers, and can the spiritual Mrs SClCUliini rontnlto olo, was given by Mrs. Agnes cational the political and exam- of work used them moral support and good Cannon compared the methods ,inYe 01 sen Thomas. lov-iwith those of today, when so many a formerly Wells B. gave President Emmeline mechanical devices have been PlThe entire congregation rose to their feet and the inventions all to to; a and sympathetic, welcome lines their approval of the stand for almost revolutionizing some to express to continue, perfected, all ro fr rence.and encouraged This lightening of work clean, moral government labor. woman's u bv the -- real work being accomplished in and bod mixed quartet, a for development time them 'by After to singing has abroad. and given Pchef Society, both at home )K' with vou till we meet again," meeting Davis of education. Minerva R. Knowlton, Alr such . times some women, adiourned until April, 1912. While exnress- the to greeting, Esther, Spike. responded was pronounced by Mrs. Queen Rebekah, Benediction Miriam, their ir: the love and reverence felt bv led in thought, this was Romania B. Penrose. and others, local .n her efforts in assisting Olive D. Christensen, ceneral TJven in our own country and stake organizations. century nineteenth, Te ea h part of the General Secretary a schools: Edward sang J 'Mrs. Lizzie Thomas wee not allowed in & public Father. now thrown down, and. buf are soprano solo. "O Loving terriers next n state universities and Counselor Tnlina L. Smith was the ot the weaker, speaking in appreciation vorlr being done bv the members of the . ODDS AND ENIJS. .piuiv. now ileee laus interest the to unjust to Referred made many Society. Reference was relatdead, the for workinsr rights o- f- women, heingtaken'in property the youngsters belonging to a i reternng Among hart more work for this u!n a New. England city ing several instances in which o v whicn are college settlement 1,, nr0D ones coming, lost of returned to her len started because, was one little girl who to iake the reouest in dreams. home with glowing accounts of the humble AU of Mrs. Rebecca Standring. President of -- .m "'''fa-erfe- ct Dine Siakc;.:gave a favorable report ladv." exclaimed the enthe.r to equality. women stake "Aafs what she is! of the Relief Societv .in .that the great organization voungster. thusiastic for and the of women and Sent of the condition of Told of the unity of .their Board Wow ? asked the child s do you "How, -' bv the misgood work being accomplished YouVe only equal rights. done much for mother. sionaries appointed to visit, the delinquent niirh tpllm . answereu tut yt. the Xrmy Perfect ady-be. . ."s members and the young women and urge.Kethe makes you fee! polite all Jheir attendance at the meetings of the v " r' ' Hef Society. of by Gotda AVoodward and Emma i to-the- l s at-u-iM- .ng i he-a-;- tv t --- uaur t ' t, J I de-.ir- ed . i n- it 1 ,1 -- I -- j sis-tv- -r ' - ' j ac-compl- ish I- f I a .- r- : tl-- - in-anci- Hy-mt- ia -of .a-m,- a Ke-ii- ef ; g -- gi-u- ' the-wor- ".;et. SVMon ' : r k Mrs. Sarah Fielding Burton, presidejVt Smr Valley Stake, reported that in . IS e wh-er- -l- ':she time."--T-irriT0- ''" . . 